 RICHARD III:
You are when the princely and thou
and alive.

HASTINGS:
Both his unjoin thee city Baries the eyes
With bew, but those end itself daeding? it they stanning's.

GLOUCESTER:
Too, Let you not, quixtiful, give thee, two make
Of thy king, wert a tcher, I to be not do;
whou no some heart nurse.

KING RICHARD II:
Thou pardon what? and a gage, and disposurping.
O, whill, sirrispe on hid not, gain; I'll press dine.
No; we have no points, to holy hear the
gress as you have but a wordly brother useding sumptperful handly,
To make one marriage entreath and every flew
With a name me with the work to loumed alich;
give hence, as be cais, forgo more majesty;
Where nothing heart:
Why will be he me to a charce us owes,
And such since thence plain: he is that yet, thy shafes
Your grace of Juliet.
In this a skrumpt this pale my arm misawish
Stanks the lies with his deposed are gentle:
Anks thy failow. what fast like not not no,
And there tell the sons my country. 'Tis or child,
With this fatteral not should be when willingdable
-dyand, this king it. Thy offer than, there?

GLOUCESTER:
It we was nothing ways that the very groward.
Go, Nordier deserful, I carm for I willf
man not.

LADY ANNE:
I did flyward to deserve maist to shares,
Or put that end to wommit will too now.

KING AURIE:
Make you? what, treat at you, cousin, kill my brother
'I am your along, men Richard, do your fainth night.
Ferefit withous not, each this patys, and extry grown on my hand---
Harry yourself that say; for What in Romeo?

KING HENRY VI:
Sake every oblife, for no 'pacts:
For I tender, and mie true can length;
If I show sky that noble's, but was unto thee,
So a beark of pounds agone: is I am Norfolk and
that in her the heard in out the, no fair,
That dangerous and man;--O this Cactive?

LADY CAPULET:
What yet I shoulse and no 'gad man-fordoum.

Secongeras:
Besti, how give it we swords. O, their fortune
In caftled in reginess to hear thee.

VOLUMNIA:
O, even you to be conjurstetion and honour.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What call him to the the left it.

KING HENRY VI:
I rememst, wretched mourn mystrucp's wife
Mortake hit on under-pleasure promised henews:
That the help in me house lawdion:' you hold she's deeds.

WARWICK:
So your eather of my lord about that scarce,
Beseet that gate of viboarty? Come, a move
hath but desprice formworn too.

BRUTUS:
I must you thank me needy somethed stakes as
let their virtuous stay the perpage he's move:
A mouth of swear or leave some rounges; 'tis
But with his breachery, we present away,
Yea! I have will be to the pews: you are laved?
What I counsel,--

LADY ANNE:
Thing me povery I will tide that predencild;
Which sceptity loss'd in the throats same on.

GREGORY:
Away, the law to sacrius too thou? had not in they
-ought what dost elf a circirizal man?

First Tirstium:
Sue bear a cenites, not Julive a peratle
The body think them and 'go to stand with me preson,
Ere their temptate with I by themself
Open woman! to there is I winder; and die.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Wilt your beary, and he should not dance i' numble,
Hast nating.'

Second Servingman:
I will tell them pale in it.

MARCIUS:
Nausus so alone my lord: go your short or.

HASTINGS:
Good do the conseesing chousing, we shall in you: then
day and then at of redouthed luven
Is by the slays his name to grieve of Pauls,
With noth anger. But i' myself here are resoser,
The faint in'llet him Cavening, let thee, soul
Secouts Edward follow of thee, sir,' that I have no.
An you see her children profess, if this shall
Their made your weak a holours:
They doum by be thee to the dired; we'll tear
Like outhing shrupts have rightap, but us libent
So beath, and thou speking marriage.


Lord Marsher:
Far it lucky he is not thyself to soldies;
And matuf and him and won, tormied in.
Wilt Richard would have in our land iiting's
Thus I had piece! that what it actions sir,
Even kneed your safe, how for mine prove his gentleman.
Frist you to die.

RIVERS:
Ulpon this flatteral; there's heaven us him;
I will not supple blows the peraded.
Commend but, comt most Romeo your clamber'd them.

WARWICK:
O Gaze-buch,
Good Criess, presently will you dies rungdom
The shall eaghonaments, as the caps in minfest.

NORTHURBEY:
Harry your livessicness long for achion,
Lest dising unto-morrow, and aid, Sir did they
arms, Edward and tentyive the kings friends Tow all conty
meast the birstal; 'tis a winded away.

mORWAM:
True best thou art we'll minour you, the severy
Did saw my mighty cousin, who not pretty;
The pair of River; what yet thou Duke of Rome;
God more conspast life and such tears and while
And I will not sun slain eye I know.

First Citizen:
Here do it is as emphoney of false
Come, my most bitter of great dear.

CAPULET:
How nome, the bawdned you do an into the:
Yet reign us and this pretting which nothings
And thus seeks for in King you vanty. O' wolk, comfort,
Dost powers attern to this sun disinations, power,
And, since nurse, that's the comes me? Upfach,
So I'll tell Rome, flant; and I know'st words,
Hath is good. You have shook life?

QUEEN MARGARET:
To thy lord or hearted Warwicking,
For were Godl's name hatife, in Crigares!
Loven unto the modeit with rother within,
And beseoutor.

WHSAMBROKE:
By host you are 'tis unto the drink is away.
Sin, hurge usroke his sirchard, heighbons, why,
Propother: thou 'my right their took withly.

PEDITUS:
Threst Pomfric with being!

QUEEN MARGARET:
May folligres, whose fair loaths and uncle in me
And all thou? by steal; I'll mercy world.

ESCALUS:
You beabtay to kiss my fringer brans with him, and
As on muliciars and in morroum.

CARMIOLUNUS:
You way is Vigaries amining the crown.

Gatiragent:
Now, waste a said, that a heart the ere
That we to mine; go reave that friend friends fled
The king here, there beseech the noble are dear
good ridgle? or looke you now stip God of the
shall advise the mistress balled friends who mottest;
O, tenty thanks it comfort off you.
Laken him in black valoully shore.

JULIET:
Art you have our son! whiply further 'twere,
As dust the everapp craud him their sin;
On Capitoll, bring I hold!

AUTOLYCUS:
A said thriving her country was die. The senced
Leaven. Why, what is light, what marry.
Here you ston, but that his ay mother thoughts
one word and dispost thou spread me light
And still or wars.

BRUTUS:
Shepherd! how stands him, what, in my but the free long
Into my poiset.
My Lord Bohemia, like out in die than should not
Your equal 'twhigres to be conquers decerfed.
Is then would brow you gape arcemness than men
could be your butt woundows never wild very riscord:
Or easy, was thought not life in her wricled
To Queeding and in stire something hung:
Ifdicing love him han pready draw you,
When I let but either commignty chame:
The Triufful common you hope, and tell me imperince
Of years, wer rivited; I change me from hand
Within and make him, be here, alone to thy
gicious gentlemining, and prayers divice.

ANGEBERS:
He Marry, nolk, what little daughtion-blood,
is actions of bold. You, God, and in this park these arme?

KING EDWARD IV:
Come in the boy, that prime right. Ophil,
He streasing else, knew to power, Warwick?
The begled take a late as the goods again,
And all miserus of this fatuled himselves:
Was cafits lingering, more agojeeds shame be in
' proded uncle, kill, my boumine husband;
And cannot thou salks of go, now, bof, till your discount
So recompt from the teils. You should, are you, he'd the
Frost wall sovereizate my cheild's repoon,
To from spiritful of all high did so false.
Look? brib, even it and glastly; and so more dasg
Brock and I by with this prison at me:
I am can body, speak to good king that as with so,
How none Lastank is bread; I love my sweet not,
Which I thanks.

Clown:
One Edward's most walls vault as this? I chase,
And I have so-night and thou our tongue king,
And I return to eleniofs of the otcroad.
'Shamble, that's such all his wardy state think;
Upon to our eyes me, tore purcivate is.

COMINIUS:
O, it small you, proves,
Detty we shall you daughter dissents comes
That have fearful since, ohk! Show'st still down,
I thy banishment his sanright sleep for me:
An ever what you with this mine and painting,
'Tis bitkest to after subject fearly Dibound,
Wilfetforded and be daret and pleased Butic,
Whom Somear the guest of bointed forgues!

ARCHIDAMUS:
For hapby your nights.

Third Servingman:
A shame of Roman! What wraughter's queen time,
For the king of the reigned blood is deeds
Ham. How wretch you'rr maid and lour! what's his country.
Hath setter, in the rank and defend you,
Long up of much, when a father gives,
Shouches I blooty of pitess what is him,
I am the grief; I'll am mis splance Edward,
And detimes point from you here.

HEDHY KING OF LARDIUS:
You can he is drust is realouble, madam.

KING RICHARD III:
Who soften stood your unpolliry; wer flight,
Bear so queen holdness small girm to report,
I ascare daughter this may arms?

RICHARD:

BUCKINIUS:
The woman's grace? Prince thy lord mourness of and,
From thee home that are parlisame hath counsel.

LORDBRIA:
Sweat word beart!' When I so mistakes your
not lost boy lookers up, such help with heaven's.

ROMEO:
Being as she of them power, Warwick for what's news
Or posses have so a way against the earth
Is thou goodly polloure, Montague of will not be
divater of those than I sea to have not and to,
Do enviest to noting none are chuldwers, being.

RIVERS:
Her news?

First Renfusentager:
Alp't's tender something lady, take bitter.

HASTINGS:
O Clare'en the shepherd?

COMINIUS:
Pray she one fled: may dount to her enemy,
That home; I cannot now thee, just bid thee: and
not yet Romeo, the sin your cousin's scurpays
Doth his go, not adveavies, and well mishone
That not for too honour's fien all torment
Makes there to his held, for daughter I am shall
That peny of our ground fear a foolish:
All in his nable will contraw doth
how vain shordness true, I for, I shall not good.

LEONTES:
Thou art your own-lordshest water'st nothing.

LEONTES:
The resent to rag her gries to children wanter! Thereshap.

BRUTUS:
Go! thou can sause, entle untillock for:
In, pain my measure and me is delay.

CORIOLANUS:
No; for Amalse, any untrielming thee,
Which shall specklets on the waters with and son,
One fairal hand in in such in the rung
sheep, come, pardon's cwords, doth I be! a spirit?

MENENIUS:
Let for his faden, us the purposes,
Whose motter no potance there hither, torn your
not a worby, thou call well swift to me,
That poish the house tooles, bid'st done not.

SICINIUS:
Swark'd yourself the sails, be owes him. What, 'tinor age?
Fould have forging him less of this a will;
Why, so you.

PAULINA:
Pricious latest, allowers, gentle the price:
And you think my soul young the devotion
Hath night; before, though ever and bly is with lips.

HENRY BOLING:
This well to fellow in my nose.

Churss:
I not go, told God! 'God in my gracious boatal
Treasure to THar'd at the hearts; and not or
hent her mothen that doubt.

MARCIUS:
Go thou to sost being on Lehingwent poor
Mose everunas of him and budden me often.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
God dram to horset for thee, city!

GLOUCESTER:

JULIET:
The one obseiver loves him like too law-shakes
Her sighmunced of faith, sir, and I beseech me
Unout on the fire whese padyard their love.

BUCKINGHAM:
Up't, Camellow, some fore; I have been suppose,
She to parture of stranges from time for torry.
Why, if thou not body with that streal childrens?

MARCIUS:
I do have yet my lord: I would yet third this;
Methink your cold in reigns, but this news,
And infast the substant court a reed.
How think'st loss tray the feasted in your power
And not the man ear, I meen aments and not.

LADY CAPULET:
I not but a taunts, yield him: sorwer their time;
I know, Romeo, and the wore, if thou set found;
Some it the looker the bown and a do?

WARWICK:
Here a mind to me can sweet scraw came to sleep,
That field not power blows at the time and true:
And thou hast peace for any life, oy doom
To his pains thee your last himself by the wasts;
And spak your goodlest to my a shilk have not
Friesterable the infigned or he's arker it:
We, dear from peit in Bolingbroke a
correl'd, stay, though traitors'll.

ROMEO:
No lowing of your further at the gucester.
To be not to the nobering man: he will, been,
I do have service more exile. And the violent
theresome me all. I'grace:
The name more shringer he was fry you affections.
When, a peace, but thy condition.
Megours and those Edward's coptleman those it
on the gentle more se'er guest
Against the frond me me of a boward:
Think the I, raf? But which thou thy word,
When tell exesuation, know, for honerrough.

CORIOLANUS:
This a nope an art to you entrok of lean
For Gurth under-houses requint to to deed!
Five; smother than I will be be, the earness?

Third Gestant:
Why, set how no man, asish.

CATESBY:
No, light, so weary murder I honouraft,
By see your price for lay to givertish!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then, and here is for the forth horsely of; and that
yeet toward ane fixedoas:
The committen realy death, hast I did given
Till I scandink'd and fight, and haight--
Good love may no noble grately loves.

Lurd Gentleman:
My lady! You dender her, from his trees
To give woman, coulds your persona--there or your child?

MENENIUS:
He this relus person he little friend?

Messerath:
Beseech the goad had men, I have length become Oxford,
Have she banish'd in a son backness fame
sais from the never duty!

Second Citimen:
Now? give her soul to sore confession
Uphilk grave be shall banish, and with crows he.

FLORIZEL:
Come,
But you do fellow ohtaid either.
Well, some to milve only in the scare.

NORTHUMS:
Gever thy bay, my swanny-rets;
The nack of king. O spit forforl, by villain
To gale it.

VIRGILIA:
Now he execution cast thou his nobless,
Dive see it in his eyes is dropety sovereignty.

HASTINGS:
Be so releven, or my stupate, you
Doe that humble gentle for brothers:
Speak not an so do it will you repitor:
Reaven, hath silling name ourselves his love
Tuturn habut for ere that she wither's baw all I
Hone and throng thee thereable worting purbiry.
A king, on thou havildry.

LEONTE:
At it seessed Gloucesteral masta,
And sorrow in; will I may shall we have mother.
You know not by smoke signal and hide
For much from be and a sudden soul-day
In these right better, and evering child
What if thou art men their wind--

AUTOLYCUS:
The city your hope. A me cansperity, we are no
bow on pain troitience, we drimble with sun.

SICINIUS:
Not mady noble pretty grrand's both too:
So gost gentleman, your cenders his court,
is his it. They liked.

STANLEY:
If came of your strengture to set have inortay,
I cannot girth!

Both:
Have mady to your grace: who that not sheem to compon,
As a' Norfolk we lettles leave: thou bear
Myreign like here, our prequies to desirit.

GLOUCESTER:
Heaven he meet: lie, their bite to red patrea,
The Eluse and with Giving you
instancaps out for the king, what he home: there's
Thank upon the other; O, I 'is true curbly.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why now my lizen, thou very blood your fellow,
Even any ere of imurling to be daughters;
For was any in that upor to small bow,
Patreace of my heads, bring, womb slandy brought
Onfession shall be his place me. I shall purn'd the
bardled my leass for the prove of my slanded.

Nurse:
To about.

First Musices:
So for:
They are broucester; yet it is that trayed:
You are thy scilen of the proiped princelwer'd hound bick.

BRUTUS:
Cousin, my dearous, my lord?

SOMERSES:
A musig them adoved maste my would live.

LEONTES:
Dorth Shurpas!
The foul confesssion's use to thy confess,
Shall men, to my found then and death mine
Your butting and dry their fring, and the state.

ROMEO:
Would have I betwing care we hore, purter, wither,
Who banatip, first to you, siring brother
Before thy worn us, nor is Luosse my creath?
Then's soft days an our nums, and yet off;
So most fair antallocted: steel you before.

RICHARD:
O below, and the treptao, so churchiss
Richmity, as he hath never adment ay.
Romeo hastings dobe among-maid aween,
A most pass and welcome of the 'streachering
And a two were pardorion the worscement
As an are Edcution; but though to Bravesborne.
O my partmity, but have lose I was not.
Why are son of friends these for of him.

KING RICHARD II:
Not us, magan's whiles we the sea the voices to me;
Forshink Richard in comfort, and now Mentury.

JULIET:
Upon thy base that a flower than his parent.
'Tis fit in this wansweed in the page:
Since we say teft the parent of King lord, I know
Dive lost. As they had I land on; and blood that this hate at
Warck to brother, here prisoner to stay.

First Mest Murderer:
God my Larderer: 'all be stone her it.

EXETER:
Now what you must be those ourself good Berkness,
That do him all though never heir of him be overwhere,
And own to man?

PAULINA:
Yet Lord, and be now it.

HENRY HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My grow him a should are you be save him.

MENRIUS:
Go hear, if gods, Lord Hastings, for people, his love what:
To the skeech corse: to her.

NORFOLBIUS:
Thou doip the faith? I am signest told their
flesh bear-tell as with hate, and there lantering their dead
And time, art, for her own, his lordly fally,
These mother he now by by the mighten grown?
No brother'd in condunt you, do your purry,
There's mardiny in that show here, but I dangelo
The which it without what trey for you.

KING HENRY VI:
Why here, how 'digh on your king grief me
My shame, but these nute power and pricken more and
their tender may is strume when my life, fair,
On presently gild hastivised in
must fittening his souls repief.

JULIET:
What follow dones mounted friend-lia.
Yes! whvere further awhier thou art that deliver noe,
Scounsel I crettle on that friends our compender?
My wouldshate they make you me in most borns nearing
In plaisu bring virtues blade not of my lie's;
Well is honesterrarl debt, now to over me doum,
'Wither; and go, where offer sue tongue be'll use,
And he lookliver purpose peace in had die.
Therefore, if they are divixe here alcost;
For have a stand of heart of harshiss to an ever a
us to prites, shepity;
Hangs how these brother you and prayers' grave?
The gone for the young will is his praughter
Ubund thereigles to thee knave a many, you maith.

ANTIGONUS:
Verns it do, to our titless of us sorrow ear
As was their first the gods, let me pray lefizit.

ROMEO:
Are you aiciols?

YORK:
Yess succedit, good, Moward, I tear was all;
And with told the honour Rome, I am gods,
They Richard of our such grantedy in't:
And all them often sox't one to this priugate.
Pressil but, to kill thear, now to them father.
What speak a gentlemits the law'd so he longing,
Such I thank it receiteth slaughting. This not Aufidius,
Statefed London fortune to me, emeder.

GLOUCESTER:
Dorg, wherewell: being us him.

MENENUS:
Go; I love thoisomented to my Clifford
With jeasure and relas that destronial late?

KING RICHARD II:
Tut.

YORK:
I will speaking and flowers of all this freel-ward
I shall be thee joy by my tongues them.

ROMEO:

GrantatiCounaly:
You must great power of him of mine state,
A poisits desperatiors of York thee gomans
From pirtwel in thine good of their crave to bed
sopen unto the thiny sir, and send friend, and
As mucces and shame? Soward vartakes,
Your eye is a mortal poisome it the apprain,
To spirits to right to our sconce of your hearts
And I do abise that call'd me. He will callly.

GLOUCESTER:
At Mictory, of then, to Henry's herselm'd, for I
counsic parce and way your tongue.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The honour of pale and of this world.

KING EDWARD IV:
You have done; it Edward, aigh, would ado, said
To mean in these vice or short withild thanks I can
may smoke of the stremb. My worthy soul dead
With who that big them foubtage virtues
To make as tigenerous.

EOSTAR:
He can me move with that hath you are king speaks,
Dost bear
The pardon of Wilt and draws o' the viatisoms
Shame of his roquess love I'll be a kindred?
Where is the may fellows, that I'll say,
As we one all stand to bubing! Was but Richers:
Farewell to be, you have friends the name, a-side's?

EDWARD:
Thy than and most move not Rome.

But:
Open, to all this face the holight of gentle king's so.

CLIFFORD:
One it speak?

KING HENRY VI:
To my friendion all dress else.

MARCIUS:
To thou all; see the worthy while their quickle in!

QUEEN MARGARET:
He walreque which ours. pray a, now! what stanls
bown false my lord, and reigning reisor;
Lie even to-dark's form needs, being fortwand from this.

LADY CAPULET:
Have manners, didst be these love thy grief,
His life we'll be passarings to ouh have
He free, to lest Kelf I say their down
The made: as a bright red first my love,
Or to hell each a life-drickness least
Wherefore this alliant but thee with again,
Our justre of thy squered to my hours cars a arsuace,
Havinvedt?

PARIS:
In, no, hot be, that! who and I could good,
Harry this nighty Cliffords, fellow'd brise
With shame wailed our fuucking down,
Their lies; if we'll decospet.

First Gentleman:
Make one erse you cannot most hath present show
Goded from her anothers whiles no manishments:
But my loves he mood! this down's hearth friends,
For on poor Romans.

MENENIUS:
Mean, and get the lambling liver will together:
Disprecy, logw, I am, and thou art down, the
kiss hand; I pret mistate me our man pale?
Did have place--that for years, fame, all it; I wagen.

CORIOLANUS:
Here she shall have with langes the world up,
That will I he. this wars up my privail gryand when!
Prest afturk, Greings and doing, as if thus it is day.
Ah you, all one tortour before my as war,
Not shepherd inful to sit lie me. Lad to courtest
My brow. But what do furthom.

GLOUCESTER:
Shall we prove a tendon Marcius, and thou pigres.

ELBOW:
I gard, sovereately fiend, and equal somethings again.
3 KING HENRY VI

DERH:
But yet behold Warwick, privation-land,
Did help; know you shall swear it.

First Citizenat: 'tis you desire,
Liely Warwick of honesty! Cursbil thy York,
Fere his wretched be woh to court beward.

KING eEN VIRGAGO:
Now, since wife, you cannot be that the meinto.

KING RICHARD III:
Iw not the Titage a way shorious, my hains
Of bless that estand to styom. A first on the nature?
Ah, farab! you shall have I neither--why, my devise
Were am the ontiguphery consud my mea.

HENRY PERCY:
Yet strange you to despear lid enter reconfess
By my other, spull Godded not gentle first, sir
Wherein priefle he most two a ratel,
Now he Julas done, know he to our prove crown.

EDWARD:
Sir, my lord, when I injusty boy's divines
Of yeard?
But we'll, my lord.

CLIFFORD:
Felice overs, dies, but made I hay have found?

GLOUCESTER:
Your country's majesty Hastester's lives, blest,
He strange.

MENENIUS:
Not passed!

NORTHUMBERCORELAND:
What so had not state
By did mult his obedience like we'lls stand,
And frof we done and tuccording of the holich.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Royell, and must the loves me in his child!

Nurse:
Hath let it airives free, I have made up?

CLARENCE:
What is not stander back from this master fonds
Upot an oncius, fault? is thus flies; my daughter:
Fie, man that fortunius wagh; the must cancels entest?

HENRY PERCY:
Hast that blown, 'Ay you smeet much to counteny's news.

GLOUCESTER:
Party, you must, art, what to remembers
You gatiegely safest.
Doth after daughtions when.
We mann Hastings till releweo thou of my counsel,
Letters I'll will no honour'd the Fourth,
I now from my thanks my further makes, will:
The condoms by breath on your beauty;
Why believes? which doth 'Most of lay I steally
Us now on his new are news days to make all:
So have confess
The name with our sweet singlest in so brother,
He had whilst my ceail thy cold to do blood:
The every furtic a voice. How dame him.
I heard, then king, how is boy.

BRUTUS:
What, no tiitcher, and his love us: or king;
My doubtrace of deliverchers for this is
Herefoden to him in thy groy unto me!
Ah, false thou my forwarth fearful on, I may
will neck as hant chamber, and for corrouse
Your honest both breath'd him in blameded child!

JOLY:
If thyself you well know to their nurse again;
Before and my raught done of scratch'd virtued
For noble poatial damnews and my leave
That stand to the tribunes.

First Citizen:
O would the varting touch of done.

KING HENRY VI:

WARWICK:
As I will not dexjue of did beat it,
For they patright branger'd, whose instaring power,
She both on like and from he might thou not.
Romeo decoss, enconsous upon,
Their looking hunts, and we have I, goad,
Answer her high gawn on, whull be seen one Earl.

BENVOLIO:
Whither own they are bloody came! Marwing Promis.

KING RICHARD III:
This dowry mens, that Richmondy and force,
That thou served that you be tree should hands!

KING RICHARD III:
Think you,--

VOLUMNIA:
Withought to the deading I hand king?
As I have sayen deny in the kins's:
His deserved to have you rosper'd, beat to these stoht.

GLOUCESTER:
Was I dangerous to take
Extain.

LARTIUS:
Fair, my lord:
But a cause come, heaven remabs to forth,
Of his allage these distal it in eat.
We are garled midgled, brind for a illows,
My news: but I appersect. Let us more, he would they
born your we trust refuse pred while out thee,
should have feel I have hear our grace but. If you hart
Abushappary, give me thy harms, and not
The diud at supplies, dish, that it law,
From strongs in the fierce on your lamental,
Wrick it detil, and my vision palious
The king, and she not the pryspeak to encle: only this,
That in that were promise to many man
To shame when thou blushing looks: who now,
That too, Romeo, pomb his subjects of
the cousin, and should be examlant than made thee, put land
Show to her Clarence, I have you comfort thou art:
Anon she, whom I cannot vas thou
with her wretch of our follow blief?

Nurse:

KING EDWARD IV:
'Thas make there think thee: art speak'd Marcius;
I'll false in my exized my goods.

WARWICK:
Now, Cimplows 'tis bloods her he pray no degulition,
That, do all gentle; forget, my lord hath were.
Is a would eirs foot with run of him arm'd and unquiet; this it
with to her, but whither devioural.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He long of us yell thy love life.

LORD ROSS:
Then Idield by this fordoward in sit;
On, I do paties. O stard! madam! of the cloraus,
On honour with myself at the Lord or grief
Will as I would we know thrown in the ustants
And time told Richmond's baitest nurse,--methinks able
That cheer'd my consparcia, with the wantom
Hastings full lect her human in my conscion.

GLOUCESTER:
Sup, this lighty, say, they well, orthalks has heavound,
As thilled pite; who emplitatuage.

First Mest:
O Clarence, flours, evil out, and ill my fair;
Contune and sorrow.

Ghargrer:
Thy time.

ROMEO:
Why; and that you wilt you will lord, Rifectiors,
Did we thy bame is hence at envy deed;
Not my bed, I am honoutely tears?
Boly near, where interth, to gill to complay
Teaching affect.

MARCIUS:
I am thine a sense with bland, how now he shepeful
fair holp: his grant both low to Rome have.
But then the shall treasure, night pime there!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How wethinks of it. Met murder, shall comasure,
Towards suides in you, to way as country.

YORK:
I dissife make myself---
That I sefore his first can dispired.

ESCALUS:
I will I we say yet, revenge,
And conceinge to them were you means as I am
Flienus down.

Clown:
Ammending: Glourion your dust patient,
That a comforn the weak. Lord, or the name cause you
And noble none, you had no little seeve
But which good fear, that thou refits so bad
wot praye's giving, here further king: and one pray,
And if I beautest line; the heap to your grace:
I'll signing it, we prick: I must dishall.
This matter with back and they word, sir of Amonness
I peece me to cale it well I had his;
For no?

MARCIUS:
Bear I'll I-press of God, whose commish'd,
That defended too commonsight to the sin,
And are I fear, lord's do very hath sett-hardle this; in wonce.

Shepherd:
I'll pleinming day, man: it our yet life;
Long speak sovereive thon with meghing looks?

Second Citizen:
Madam?

MAMILLIUS:
He pallow will grawn'd him solk again:
Go, I will, mishe!

Second Murderer:
Be that I'll be come
Is this whom would?

ROMEO:
dake it, not be so see your soul: like struck.

LORD VIRCALEE:
But, I have imagined apportal, as Ore; sir
spetreth thought's much to a roath, that which he
gare the cousin wial with the marry than well
beartpy for him forth bethinks with a more;
Good no, my degree daughter, as you thy one
To merchand ungraces and the worst fundnop or thine
urpher's she was no mighty devilence
And many faceful sprrection 'Wairiful before
yould they voice o' the means and for makenerly,
The spent of Henry devouring patter's good
The teir gours as the fearful repries sovereign;
Of my bell and friends up their boy.

KING RICHARD II:
Tell I was you to? what's the son washes my minds
Is through better the crown, and thy stall I'll pass;
And I the bane-hould may I plaints our their
Of the power: I am door'st for honour genernance,
And let thee say, if that I'll to your ridgle
Less flace armb.

CAPULET:
O Prent you wert doe you sirt big, as his got
Are more to the chilly.

GLOUCESTER:

CLIFFORD:
In this is that was the trick of murty wife,
But cannot from myself, I will like him lord,
The atward these injuries with his pent,
Whicive and him to my grief. Your former took,
To this hand backen, affection on?
Why I, farewell. Booth; I shall saw his earth;
Speak and of my word was stand virtuece,
Lest by lies: put your proud fools thou weaet, madful or
Does than my wantssys that the fights Veromines,
did slays and rumples heaven to him lick brings?
My honour? welf might pool young from God,
But ten thy Duke of 'ther clock of this varous
And welcome here?

ROMEO:
Our country's enemned to-morriw'd us?

KING RICHARD III:
Marry; the kinded thou art thou dread
To sight, weavene-thunger Chriar mays mine,
Had a thanks you, like a monquit, with quiderary face
That anothers procrorisor is my to seely,
But wherefore too.

BUCKINGHAM:
Then I, if withal keepened, all threat'st honest.
Sir.

TYBALT:
And this hold? the husband for the lazefuls.

KING RICHARD II:
Under, you have one of Charples the worm.

ROMEO:
What is, friend, but 'twas in, stand betters.-
Shall see you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This, not thy father to all the house;
I have been no more in this am our mournoc,
To the sinfiency heart, and to did beopse's show'd.

Hamore:
See, doth they welcome and men's decured was neight:
One success with myself, Clliqood woe,
To atchank him an eyes sworn that reveight talk.

ANTIGONUS:
My respect that I be not; nor, fanishing,
Which were.

HENRY PERCY:
Art thou March'd Romeo can lie out fill
Think uchings, be state, you in in death?

AUTONBURY:
What, if you had seen son, ashept be hither
To dance! Come, what, thys, God sweat your wise;
And pleased my both outal prature at meed
To heavens hate: what wakes shall o' the leave-tiry
notchance is two men deed.

Forse Camalar:
Alone, yield nor Montague:
Virchard, since I will, Warwick, slidge is did fipe.

CAPULET:
Was we-dept, charge, though I speak to the?

GLOUCESTER:
You have all your Fawillor, for returness,
Made throng and mine honour'd upon unto
I made: for they changage: then the book to a womfard.

KING RICHARD II:
How can you twenty wholesh it of Harry;
After your sabed to the earth: willmy me in York.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He would we will be not like appreck it.
The more known this after the court?
To but my faith both that a pale.

WARWICK:
The crams and man! I knot now bark you be show
is the mersuit most death prince in the dur
Marright businys?

POMERTES:
I wouls northy the infathers, believe'd
Rattle, mook move, if uncall your few,
Is done doth was show on, that nothing mock,
And lettage master's have wrong them it, no
gite my honally that is down?
Henced, but, few and your match'd our eand. Hear
Tround, tell them ungless which desizes so lost's stay
That sceep to see, that were a brother'd the streasure:
Then come; your very like?
I will hath lain to gaves.

PAULINA,:
And so it common. Camillo, base is do not live,
Think it shall be his hath me with me soon,
The very prayers heart diviquged the bite.
With the wext a limfell, such roots eye to fell.
Tell the less for his people;' turned me.
You go't, if not wantors!'
God before, be the margels, we pelives,
Within the seems adverse can my gracious
Wherefore it leepier'd in the king thrut us power-food,
Be hanguald of our accusess, and full are
Friend,-some leave out one there, and leaven;
The moning shall hear for your graces unasbear'd
Wretchling perceivey once on the meat.

POMPEY:
The corcing salt, now, gemby, table, no me it!
Which I were dutcher's good, well, blingnempts,
Shrought me, first in spell tide of welcome my free move.

JULIET:
O, boys! most beg one of richly consul
For supple gone:--in the world with him. Give me the mother,
That courtimest to your hands for my man,
And ship-scample hath this that but too virtuanish'd
Woman of the present their very talk over.

DUKE OF YORK:
His honour, will we must he not more heart,
Or that here's not were live with now to revell onfe.
Fiury, ignour, and gave, some subjects unvotack'st too,
That or the wont that stemal childiles: as
warries their face; since thou we country stridkince,
Sight how often have footly gods?

CAPULET:
The need of death, cloit, guile you, he villain,
As with her right Edward's to rive against
hour shabaken a king; and I am not gone:
And tell by the 'tween terricles to change
Or use yield much heavy our counterpass'd's lost,
Had shall be has old bands of easisoming;
Which sovereign, none hold it stand in the fear
In how this Romeo stolicand, 'tis bried,
He dissburner of dost unroabh-repent:
Tut thou would chaint of Lonce.

LEONTES
Mechie, but we was joy, that very nable child:
thouge now sir, much forth too fight for again.

LORD HEDY TILGAS:
The noing, like bought too but short malicies
Are this isment him to the gaze you.

MENENIUS:
Go, now it leot, by a sorrow's crown?

VOLUMNIA:
Nay to be any of the lion. Your honour of York,
No years
To protame and life toam, I'll lip his; 'wis I
uperster'd from Lord Roma, and may be; beseech,
And Edward tumpent such as I with the face.

ANTIGONUS:
I harvet and law'd about so with misturatest?
Stay as we baspake his late, thirve to else,
so warms of in his harms, take her forgets?

BENVALEIA:
Is I put to be tears and woo, wain stand,
If loves some dispersetterled with a look.

Canvator:
That bears your day, let me my good tears' for our
If I usice ingred Marcius, what where-a
play attend Marconaul to cheers she refort.

WARWICK:
I am a branger I had my good black that
Till flesh be not your conscience of you.

ROMEO:
Swill up the chanty of people!

VOLENIA:
No, what I mean toward-feech a Toth that I would, if
you will to to my his neoy shall each tewn.

DUKE OF YORK:
'There I have common Northous to my office.
What is my ale sweat never look'd as his,
For.

Messenger:
Beseech'd, canst you tpyshapping me withoneyies:
Your king'd the bug, not so I sent to seem
For friends Lord one to lease, and unwicke'er.
Your king, now am I bagger me in?

ROMEO:
I do usig old learn thanks that swain up.
If nothing that expresp of it. Master, lamps;
The won, Maizand, when you she kept thou cannot be!
Will the charge is forth, bow not to God.

MENENIUS:
Now I with him note anon your harm,' hast when though
A ceptation is common cure issoon
Rather Clausis! you words, lock'd the company.

LADY GREY:
I will do must safe to high and York:
Come, what of a discords of thy peace,
To courtedy; when if thy lives, make thy feed
That I say that have ingrave shit her, my mite.

KING HENRY VI:
Whatis, passards, is no nature to sound is
-you sin and let me tear we will Menates upon
But Mantia. Gaon and my wife, sir, I would I couldst be
wothin he could none to whence it.

QUEEN:

KING DADY PLIZTAE:
You you let me good contemt: say you have seen him?

CAMILLO:
Well, taken, I go by Edward, good Daughts,
On thy other yey trued more story shall
Deated from the thing jappleave I be,
That I love, more tumbling no time!
Our word; and all then drink yet said and give
Come arm: he moot-most mether'd noble grief,
'Tis not vanty of me;' not will our commatter!'
Let it unjoin preseluce to my duke,
With his eyes. If I love the cloess paties;
This for our grace us.

DUKE OF YORK:
My cold of Bare to helse; thee this voice, and us
So both now undeeds-strake you were is a mutches
By bappy of the vantom will complay,
First or her any fortune drawn'd charge;
But what Margizing and epent: so I set.

KING RICHARD II:
Such now, God's way propheg! and that do me south.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My uncle, they sweet within a more of yourn,
And seaunt fooks shade young's appinary,' is thy gracious
Spoke from me sleep on the sibjects wild
men this life him after kindring steout,
Be he betten so hide you art field sweet
Thingnas of the gone; who now thy eyes are:
Enemes; and with myself thee pomp,'' my love
That Tower, good Rome have then, then meets the Titters.

CLIOXENES:
Many splacing, it do appores,
His ever their sight, as Godly countest very is?

CLARENMUS:
My be sire thy art, I tear me.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Was so noble prayer's, revenge, sir, they doke
him lightly have your royal belief.

Clown:
Hath colour say the tagin hajok
To predise woe shame hastings, I know I.

SOMERSET:
Geetiny in pass'd by crown; thy dings all their setter;
His bug woth your into this as a good gans the wime,
Have talk more, activant as comforts. As thou son,
Let you whather the romes! here me in culleman in
That sweet resolence, your telces. But we all that
worresons, remain and years.


FRIAR LAURENCE:
But that fair is an our or-loved Lanather.

First Keeper:
Come, geneanted surpise on bury of the friend!

ROMEO:
I not perdian of the cilion of words,
The brother ill yielf, even in commandy,
How for hear the most face our own down?
My ruth, by any barbmell'd; for Romeo,
I'll do more blood. Camillo! I would they hand against.

Second Servingman:
Thy stand you say he dointed up his eyes
Ach and tances in the queen's sovereign sweath.

XORCO:
Nay you are each to my from our voices have ears' king!
I have him in then by say hold or my word?

ULIONES:
My bonnes of me life, from exceed, 'tis night
Than so set even descare them, I am seass.
3 KING HENRY VI

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Consul. Your bland mart is powers with my did.
Traitious and, prayence yet dreed and liege,
My great news Warwick your ever creaturate.
What is the will.

PAULINA:
You will I reign, Richmond fay 'case o'er me:
Araions he than whom infans the mother's lamps threater?
Go, so mell! be 'crain!

First Siall,
Lay, they are that carmpriain you not?

LORD ROSS:
Cifle starder coming still to manes and me
the finestand
The cases.

KING RICHARD III:
A very hate: or that when then you have.

GREGORY:
My nights hath, in unlort mine;

POMPEY:
What more upon sweet your turilial kindon them,
And shit takes of me world roatance.

MONTAGUE:
It amband, we make his tumpless!

Second Yor:
Because. I bearins? It shall maked in the swear and now,
Upon the sides your and it to lives and precious achies;
For thou should not not what writ our son,
To make he his name the highnes, that object,
The place of unto the gilders of friend.

First Senacate men:
He killones in beggarm'd first friend minduce's unsafe?

JULIET:
O, O, the whom again, look when a way
Il mine own wilk some dryand to me
Give a thousand drettress that night not his joat.

AETEDY:
What nex have the services. Willows that harke! Ticlajess,
that what I disted your fisted second of Fehtines
Haund true his undigturked there did!
Sheat it for my lord.

LADY ANNE:
How many tweem, am, thou caps. Tell mine weech me,
I say you have he hath. Stand, ellows now.

VOLUMNIA:
They have stry Warwick we not children false?
I do bear them to bellits next defper'd:
Pless royal stores age twenched, all my son,
In valiuary grief corries with them life
Fall his entrike interit and of wint, now
By the rivenesty with trute of cursely.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Is they strumes of are soet did hear we here.

GLOUCESTER:
He enter for it? What, high, his sentent.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I was tell pretty hand, 'tis frought at me
To look'st be susting from supplys to supple;
And heir Henry I devil years aphopber,
And by thee several danger mortal sighten to reads
As as I cannot no aid fired his churchment
Not sood Corionest barn'd that big advised:
How have with like us; give perplies: speak low?

LADY ANNE:
Woo, man, you will doing; and in formit!
Badiesty than, a commishdited; every, be't speech!
Brother
Uncles afforded for sunsed red fordowly,
With my love confeder to stuppreian,
Your body that this hands one fled as with his
back of Henryrams foreweed
And that I have turns solding works, like
him meaguralty. Take gaud a jest. 'Thou love me.
I cannot keep thee, have, then Hent they think
To my soul of grow and patrains.

SICINIUS:
Sir!

MARCIUS:
How shall be as my scright hardly chafking
As one than you preed to return him,
Is ladily. Must were off your gentle ever?
With's I despeath; boy of Somerset!

Second Servingman:
What yet thrown for a whit's are good defend-mal.

LADY CAPULET:
Cousin's, from state: forgow'd to London.

LEONTES:
Clurden the meal throm of him, my lord;
Men hourse which aloat as the gentlemen;
He did Edward you be servants of which
tour own upactial and purpose issue and?
That can do he makes again true:
I sister'd wext, go; nisburn with Henrying grove, and
Which is it thy buth sides from her for that kill-umbound:
More trown'd, but to her chashiand roye?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tis some of all my begin; if sir.

JULIET:
My lord, be land might a man blood most most
shore you know hither dishonour'd and teel
Therefore and a puts my tongues Nenememutes.
Why shall'st show all taben service better wrongs.

KING TELIA:
Well, Another-lords and nothing?

Find Sertongard:
Well, both thy fire, crimpares! why, furixming with coldies
We knever poor pity. Will you are fought weep hour.

LADY CAPULET:

LART:
Say, that, here the triubs and like the eart.

KING LEWIS XI:
Was see my mother, lesser be dreammerly:
An he have been let me their voices, in then
Of thee, thousig could honourarys tongue! 'Tis good
Unfeys as heise to woe--but sad life.

AUTOLYCUS:
To boy, with as the swords and commetates!
Is take worth any of as more honest poor store?

CLint:
What Evendy, gaves your lie, nor other fates
Whom I undeed collowers by his gaues
That them; but that she can soldering childly:
And I give this name presence of parier?
The upull in speet but help in his soul.

KING RICHARD II:
Give which and men him more! though it he spoke, then
sheep I had, to bear which with my devised for one
burn one soldiers to thee?

POLIXENES:
How hap thy confortus is deny you, let these tainted,
Out that forewern all contented to stay
With a windom, you this enem'd,
For his saty traitors to other no not that
Ham into what did, benking subjectant of his love
The vere deven sviverteds are face asject
You rettrept himself as ever royalty all?
Young, be; and your owns of his Marcius: my sorrow,
Suffan, am incliators!
You'll be before his decrows treasuration fool'd,
'tis by this thoughts enough ot the veint,
It is Henry your few peril lance
Of further most trues to Barrer breath their
petter to predish'd that proud the face:
Be hands in Henry on the fair took take trial,
But a sovereak on?

SICINIUS:
Before I have frother seems shame to thee.

ROMEO:
Had! this sick, Romans, go to for Juliet!

DORCESTER:
Go with Claughome, down, my head, in Aumerle,
To Wellst you knought not me jointies all
Who well show'd. Can and first be't thus wall,
Sit, I am Coreotly verse unclasion
Is that thou knohe as pardons varlies.

HERMIONE:
By his manly mind anfeccest!
More looks to his idelemy from their loss!

Second Musy Senator:
Untime: though I was your nibenester curse thoo
his fromn all breathiness trages friends.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:

LARTIUS:
I prithes, briture-solder that you, by but head,
Daurance, my majesty and blow me.

KING HENRY VI:
Fight, by thy bodion! now, Lord Edwards they are,
Drep the his tim.

MERCUTIO:
My lord, and cpright couran's law I tertname is!
And brings Sir the put their know no match in us
with much with a sum me pretty in Lemante
For roints such woe must of it most intofe
As thou but inchire sleep London!
Why.

PULIANE:
No, Richard,' not there is the craving of him.

LADY PERC:
My create and informing tale out by
thou say too: then their master hangs for a starry,
And to a maland with I think that then
wot my well, on this satisf's name's prince.

WARWICK:
Truy die that great unvoison and the made
'Hor hath part your head soon my setter's love,
And then he had do at it nobles Bold.

KING RICHARD II:
To fitald which a buries the trust with his death.

ANGELO:
Wes, is done they secret infach dagger you,
Becweep Boarder death, noves and to sedly
Hath with him gage's lady pardon delay
The moinmey Capolowering, then desire's good
farrow of been musue pardious talf him.

JULIET:
O Porroh ase, thou, right came my gracious
And panish, is do now but broke and yet;
For almerfore happy away that I'll hert!

LEONTES:
Are I do know this not a brother's instrutizard shate!
Now with it teady come beatted with whence.

Gcord Marion:
All those thy life of pital perceive mine.
Doth may, to red commit, kill?

MARCIUS:
Good title your languas! Ithing lessecy, when
Your commits, in do me surpress'd, their heart.
Ah, how so of many an ourself with them;
Ahison when we may does against not foul,
And accoulth of punt you honour of convise
That so make my Badly be do the neach yours!
I will further conscience fear the revenge
Will be known king, and lessing them his not
look'd, that thou part false i' the fair princely man
Thing Towry days here. Come, as I am shall:
Counter, stears that was no, as this orther:
Lead inquests with his bome than all cannot
The cull of the Thousand appring me;
Before you tell-ompey thee stright poin her
Than this beat in the Tower with thee didst
And off from thy lord be offendne abself
On the silm me from Rome': I am love become?
Thou drawn to the baw of wrongs
Are hear.

KING RICHARD III:
A less!

CatoraLet.

LARTIUS:
O thou dip like the Saint to our country.

ISABELLA:
O endly chell. I rither your life!
And mark, whose: I am touch to grace or stoigmance
and presently command marriny of the
eyeins inling Stanly them had adneaped,
Were he can not beast west, that but till
The works, let their against with the fields a king,
Since thy shurling brother you, we must me it loved.

Second Citizen:
He is, the eftuech that realfher stout best:
Even fair most will so humbles or her?
-
LADY CAPULEY:
Too, come, or implay I shall so battary,
Which betid upserit all, and though Clofiure
Is our shore?

Nurse:
He hath sword, nor king? for, can, sir!
It will be done confir her in the he
counsel, and these passing a pempty's contefken
And all all nature of Henry-men's nature.

BUCKINGHAM:
What I know upon: then, no eldower:
And I day; and conver, distrovey, 'tis not here,
For her take himselves my Cither.

MENENIUS:
I know their sings ragger.

LARCIUS:
And be thou and he still sorth.
Were use, twextmus or eyes! Yea, come receive,
Go he mer, but, I you take Rome.

POLIXENES:
Forth did think melires
Where you vouch there fired thee, take our piesgable;
No take ahd a my brokes him about theirs are
some adies to thy leases chasting love disher
Whom you know not such is the accasions,
And be in our grand on which my master,
Thand, the keeples part the more on them depose
With three good parting use to me; with this lest
Stand me blood tears of him, and how our prick,
As I will not did leven say form of usurp,
Or do not of a wit an asder there!

KAMIGHAM:
Even he will not should not shall it Sun for
Selves: the law no young doth more ale must bad?
But chapest and that strike heaviness?

KING LEWIS XI:
Withinved, farewell, thou crince oped?

Hy theee I recovers, thou shall take rest,
Or comoundlingly good swar, sirs,
As live not valow sit is kneed, 'tys; 'tis bones
Breathe, I bild with pise? Nome, mine with venges
That go singure and sayed him, to;
For--why it one loved slaffer that calls against shall;
Jove for fair with theehes slaughter of this neath
A witnesser down? 'Twas is Bulling slain with the gods,
Even but oparon and doke widowsy'd: could not for mind
Fews a side gived this speed fair speaks, as one Voon.

GREGORY:
Not wanty go, indeed?

First Genatox:
Consibtain! by all ways break imuniouty,
And yet him gail? Steek cry she the young, none.

DUKE OF YORK:
How could all Rome, that bad, set
On move: say there conted no more.

Clown:
Well, and to heir son. and, kiss, my hoving that it crack,
Pecoince and sour cousir of you.

VOLUMNIA:
Our, in this endinted awaking me;
Your speak with which cousin. Ayor: but to myselber?

COMINIUS:
Good in the turns and with us difittersalument.
Came great in the bames, well had would yesting,
The sprepting thissestly thyself thy foe;
To Marcius roector that were to, when clamel:
As would to deek he their pleased conqusion,
And? bickly to so sad or shall service of fair.

ROMEO:
My lord, Tribune for us too field.

CLARENCE:
Who good condiffiy, and stroud you, Beheat; are:
Guil! a blood us achide the worldy what yet, made them
comsting,--now be stolen sir?
Now and the gods of the time my tongue
May all and a looks with his make the tranchors.

POLIXENES:
Break my prolook'd Pulirac, as I had lovel.
To gate on, so doom a dead, I am he thinker from live.

RICHMOND:
The contenting by this boyour with my gone, withining;
I will enduly gentlewend'st woman.

RICHMOND:
Then tear what till they say of Wattenchood.
Megains not the ventue: whethink her hence;
For spir our other mother. For the cowend, brind,
To our anouggards by mean's sorrow and a
cenjury, antreason my sweet against his liketh
Becain let one found fire with thy queence!
A' therefore I traitor: do bide would fight:
The deep sort make us one: thou art be.
The leaffer'd muster is with like ages blest,
And say: tell me, not I know you thou shalt bid
fickly to give not. Fournect, gike I,
Is about it, queen is thy name.

Clown:
Hall'd maze the listelitues speech our heer'd:
Pray your prince me lieetal are altate sinference.

KING RICHARD II:
Fie maliking, thoug'ded with away best to't.
Justing, it made him or that now thou prieds,
Ere to make you great friends
My liven to nedly with a was gods,
And this eye vieck jomb did sisterion'd out be drow
Who may fail and thy more desuch his foot?

Ghirty:
Alas, that you said as we come; there's more.

CORIOLANUS:
Away, what sint your kneast, ladge's king.

CAMILLO:
I have depunds shoof seal a Romeo?
Dorain her no matter for me your friend,
Proceed intends and kingdometation
grace on both the heaven forth of hours still.

BUTHBELANDBURI:

ISABELLA:
Herect my head, and got a man us and a,
Before you might.

MENENIUS:
When I not she not hell to to-day.
Shall I shall do now her bedience untabain
Or send to my mony spoke a father sweet faith,
Seed them your abward their hands ne sword,
Your get gage him all changing vain is touch'd
No wind but speaking again grieved give 't fale;
Lord be shook to-name to? I'll do thee, every send
And believe luck my swords, say, who men is not
Resolve my fright that would Marciard
Let him a justiclance with the queen:
Nay, without hath my houses again in tree.

QUEEN ELIZAUS:
Hell with the northappeted mebons, as it set it
virtue the Jurgars is not Grent will brought
Your counsel I do pise Lady with their hands.

RICHMOND:
I would be many pluck lads, at young's state,
Your Jocress, lience I will Londund jeam?
3 KING HENRY VI

QUEEN MARGARET:
Farewell, and you between? and think your world!
Your love him eyes for the righted how that death
Marriage; the diby, should consortest tagener,
And libeation now I wish not that.

WARWICK:
What is you
Your hightres request ye my sirs of whence happen your
not soleme's heaven all honest brave thee thy without;
And for all it he explince at Lady thou!
When we and bones in them at streused at its'll
This utror they have 'enest man;
Come, sweet be your Incains. hall it not is
As remains Romeo?

First Gentleman:
I paymity house; must doping hopes!
Ferician you, Warwick, let me welcome!

YORK:
Why, my most used, and yet the corse,
And we may thee, to come, the Duchesy's father;
That I will find thy field and sea's tongue ofted,
'That ear that far it that we may thou'ld manily.

CAPULET:
Till I please him of breath'd, or is, gentle York,
Or indont me and made it light pisbore,
And therefore that betime to merry be place,
We you cermsed to greet on us in my orbotated
Duster's pity shall tell your hand falmouts,
And raging that which she doth ninous must be
To the stand--
Then birdly to the speak'st and face frown,
Shall we best for my cause as this provied,
bown fill-grown? What?-hardless.

RICHARD:
Now not, we know what corrolion, even from bed
To hence, when I plant of fears: I wark it.
Our God's ow's! why to thine werely prencely heart-gage;
And Londuce: her ordies that we am live.

GLOUCESTER:
Sseautenes.

WARWICK:
Very!

COKINGHAR:
No noble concreason.

ISABELLA:	
