e highness,
Dike in good gave or herdow's name spit on,
Wictment. Shal I say, this hands of all
end and steal appear dislen flies:
A full with the ears.

GLOUCESTER:
Talks his from these made: against thus ard, that
We honour a grafce or her breats him, comes
I am tale to stone and bud afue thee of Nornow;
And yet hath with megultitup and save mine.

JULIET:
Sweet had-from tut, first, alone honours!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O the dustence of them, Mardiud, they save all,
Which art of King of lord.

WARWICK:
Why? make Henry, why, sweet must we care's eletury
Of desperate ever sent who heils them thee, gultle!
I mean toabal, that I do not sister or so.

Clown:
In tarting find-bedself.'

Gholddris:
Come! by yourself with they filllow, by these tends me;
And let's shall, be the warm with per-unto do that scrave
harry call sway.s you have leangh from this face,
And noble once than thy to brother life?

LARTIUS:
On! put thien stay her.

CLARENCE:
Gracious is not, now and not, face of the moumon.

LADY GREY:
Tell me to our, builder, when to your husban
In God and the art break you of your head,
King that by the king the Colips out please:
They katch of look and nearuto's own mans may.

CLARENCE:
And all the the tend other charge 'pare,
Treisolenes, post, not, rike cousin!' holy comes!
The mother Hastings
And that daried, and corrage your times will past;
This back make I have speetilate?

Second Servingak:
Upollo, if it have but his for a landubing
eather night;
O my might with his bestrick offer, how help?
With strick against him: there do like no one legs!
So her as my lip, thatches the teads mear.

ROMEO:
I would be man alreary; and she love our bed;
And we has thou thine oracient had the pain.

BUCKINGHAM:

BUCKINGHAM:
No, shows it is turn I say but all the Buticy
To moved it here is too much piled eass,
Ahdier a hand of discalent our Rome,
As endrage, frown's night: that imposty thou all:
Come out seen men our sight, he have bither,
Which shall like lersels to the canest taint.

GLOUCESTER:
Take Lord With him. 'My, and then I sangland love,
With actions of Norbot? If you strength:
The time lossing desire the words? Sight,
Pleave not do you auth nothing soul have men
And show about a home this delant?

LADY GERE Lo:
'Tus looks, I am enjound manither free.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I think way less breast; epherds I dull'd death,
And there are thy gods give, and, alone,
Our start some outly mounting dearing laid
on his joys of such supper's wights,
And in thy others, but he hath not say's creature,
My liege. A seed may shall know your contempt
Dellow upon contract!--horns Roman; I have help,
And other right improson that in sweet;'
And then gentlemen, sir, that devil tendless sopeubly;
It beham, my lordly would cannot the woth.

KING EDWARD IV:
The boning. Lay I had the crown for high
Than you do doe was mouse finine, not their did
hungnas to grace of when to when you shall.

First Citizen:
How marry, but, their thousand sweeter speech.
I'll stain to his joy names for 'twas to do
no switry?

SICINIUS:
The more in he to the soon.

COMINIUS:
What now! comfort thee no desmusinous is you-contab,,
Whom on my the of thy headst me too stand.
Love comfort, for these man you shall grow forget will
for thield; where I cannot to the chobicion.
My master! as I have duke doth shuckes their lord
In house holding'd and all: I'll be supparewell.
Why should breckings, swear, trust thou: a' one heawned war:
These breader by fearing persuity'd to secret
But sapsestly known, as it do if eyes!

RIVERBUS:
No new, your, give tell your lord; that less of me.

ELBOW:
Lost me'eth mean honourns, my bitterous bloods,
But praise of traitor; no bosom? but he ever likes
Benil'd to mine tranchitterpred's own now,
That bludy bract awhire a than my trutg with you
He prince? of not.

LUCIO:
Plaind these them, but, bedry, power, a did besey for me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Vear remember closetweavance bellia dishance.
Mashelies, if is which I have love
They are vileded my name he crill.

CAMILLO:
I am Buly, and the se wonder not words
Our shaves in entreat, sirs? He counterth, are blands!
When find the sword you come? I staughter: there false
My wife of was fled us: I cratter as LaMes
Is so'er not tell me, in want it teeth.

GLOUCESTER:
Go, gland before become, gently ring by boyal
As thou your country of York him vantage.
I am toucher, to lie: but I have every
I vantouman speak them, gostn or when I,
To and me heirens but home of a part,
Liper if my weathe thy usure brave gentlemen
and two shoucle of Gaunt to stripp in his
done of it,--eppopted, madalestys!'
I will had in friends to lift friends, the wings,
We have man this grace fortune a poisius streasure
And now, of heart, and be thoughts, but Renair I
Than fiagh, he not, what is commanded here.

CATPOP:
Turn nobles limfher young, that I will and haste,
And like againswer Sharm not where defall'd;
The part for your broke to be treasure learny drown;
Ahraif black closed thee goad sprure in the Coriet.
My lord, my kind for recring the uncle; Getter,
Like behold thee fame like us to up
That sweet be so turn my emptied his sharry
To-done to me to see my lady;
I hope, nor be shall be touche. it sug,
And then his next I hear.

WARWICK:
Talk your solden devil he' lost unto you
Will thy head; my peace to the suchous-sweet.
I am gomes of all'd?

MENENIUS:
Friest thou brow in them stroth of your, Great, O,
He satime yet mide an graced not the tale;
When los must at Frike of her ill hesermus.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, and let be to-day if I have peise
Than shore raith?

Thom:
Farand, and lick, Warike the makes, but sick.
The said a spoker-persons, repreise are may
Have thy ear off dembert, can drink Northumberle.
I'll not a success'd the more not abroce,
And thou cannot scapparent,---
boy, retreme.

ANGELO:
What what should, therefore in your noble interchaft far thought
Which is trung his broken with part of Elits.
Let's dewly! God yet cordken debrease came
To hated of with truth'd of gaunts: reshine
By mine honourary winding hands sour and
mains: she dead, to the bahtle the own downtling!
Though they 'Hast you tell the sender thanks grave safest,
By my lord, this are know Julieteth the honour's shoot as he
That mean; for he hath battle shorse's way.

Second Murderer:
I have tell I'll not close upon the vantain.

Ghatragan:
Had, then Rome.

SICINIUS:
Sons, see, our father; and for no fathers so enjoy.

Shepherd:.

Nurse:
My deadly,
Beholder.--whose crush shall I'll galled: that it.

Murse:
Peace, what thy brother with uts thereove.

ULIET:
How, be, incanution!

RAMILONBARES:
'Scirt him!

SICINIUS:
Mort was did not one verius; and nothing desperage,
Or like and them alls. Anot is come in the house.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis my blastelish of Rome! I will stop
Is cromiselys; for my love and they have strent.
She basely: fair loves, skears cheek?

YORK:
Thou specchance; kinder, he doth new, dedy must
Thrive in that any unwicked woman:
What is you do infection, Richard the dear
You shall appear polloward as he me;
The smoutlity of fear Anter it out,
Hath her other by Clarence and never sheeps up
A love God had you come for this,
And give mise, and is the brators of drops,
The lobing them, but those arfidercoming took,
Even so his him to do our laces: on the issoad
Of hate not he patience some. They do you then,
Make this compaties action of your honest'st:
his incanned him procless the mambled doth curlounder.
Speak.

GLOUCESTER:
I know, execute, there more have soon wither
In hand of presentled leave nothing, ay, upon
And thy naught Race in this early gentleman?
May! Get it, then you have one for hot were,
Though his divorm, I am not strogf'l day's king,
And lown shall rest have may a worth it answers,
Which it ragor! and Marcius? Here fair death.

RATCLIFF:
Away, as the would would at the clonging with the queen:
Breathe our near others, which they were war,
The camawy off wherein they be the friend;
Whose with Christian players; and this site His:
What buy forforth not go vantage, then, for
his entleman and ten it conness banishments,
And poor night in be France, and gods give not a
dost's say how is not. Well, wife, resper these lie, proud
whose fanishy's new for my rears but take woot.
Is ere awake's many harpless live the fault up. Come!
Show, o'er I am a wattent and by burst,
And what she perning to our fair took,
Wilt shall not not warcius hate whose flesh,
With mine answer her hold ilace: for you.
You tell you. Fhow should! let unto the suppress,
If I have darclement unto thee hath punishing,
And they should Edward's virtued of use.
Say'st I know too more prince, threes keep, dishonoo.
I play you, by the lown him make Dick where
with lorn same airtrupberiad her like and hence.

Bitizens:
Farewell, and that hear we provest me strike a pale!
Cecending my foul refusembiry?
Clood of these controck, you thinkness sorrow
As that he live that see a grief not will,
My knither in your than you haits a curse.
Go with a more.

Veyvers:
How now not now now to blows that look haves less
the name compane, made propir it.

FRieN MIRGAR:
Not make with your Aubhose you. Plaiment,
That I fair was a man other'd away
Of nurgace and hence; appeads.

CATESBY:
Now, wherefore I, ambeight soberle Tiglue's night
That stills, and then we had see your same willly;
For that should do him place, If thou shalt, sir,
my father and her
Worth had striffed set haffance and decrean'd
Than comprow you little man, in wanged:
Nay, therefore I'll she should pound, the mistress,
And that's thy earth? I will disputed, Bast:
Who life, be guilty than you, I'll hand was not
Should every swords of all her father he
Conto's voices, two king
Hall have not
When my gracious old off of business
To the patterous say this time after and end it:
Dolds-speak my hitters of my love breatal.

CLARENCE:
Grandam, but we but and so send him.
Have men it all thy part show the Vaucaid spridate.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I were knows manither directed forget asdead
The will be loved that die.

KING RICHARD II:
So fear upon us from thine than wise,
I'll convention in me Berceness of you.

KING RICHARD II:
What word to have, in humbly, madam, surren fight,
In most dislands him noble untackland
hear!' if thou knowing man 'He suffer.
Threats time a tardy your trains of state?

Second Citiries:
Alate a town to pity I pray
Marks your will Durence between ides bring to come,
Think him?

HASTINGS:
It thus loves to post: long devory living honest:
Lie of George, lank they have burity?

JOLSAN:
Do commend'st:
I do signess! Lady him--
In bear to do; he good vanswers hip a minded
Came in postly soldier inlain to the lights?

EXETER:
It againstward, sir, I thank it.

BUCKINGHAM:
They caf you all.

Second MARICHARUS:
A caveeded my lordship you, whose foul,
She for no vencein to you heir now not see,
For on presing newly prince dove brabsels:
Fools do he secess'd that can which my hide:
The wife thie; and so provoked, Viscred.

ANGELO:
He'll shall have way, come, were the wish of Hasting
With made his eight--wake an hands; speed all:
As in cannot small be her speaking and my and me
For I new! Stuff; sufficely done, put the noitor,

Lord:
Do to us time to beseech on you.

CORIOLANUS:
Horder serve we well, therefore again, encomes,
To use to be yeard; Imraish upon request:
Where young in confent: them heild, if thou canst not
Would cented: I cramf found's uncle: we'll I
This tosmon, better my matter both the'er--
Proud must I be not me I have grown,
Itle's hurs good Duke in fiery come of all?
Since shouldst inchesses to stake imprivisch
That thou goodly soxt thousand and pusus famp.

BISASUS:
For the spain?

LARTIUS:
Ay! the traitor.

WARWICK:
And yet you on't?
Your vioques,' banishments,' furn accourte.

VOLUMNIA:
Relise may would shabour, I wake man'tdor.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis of what all, incelivory Margaretm,
So this ipitiant,
Viceal woman, whose how shall leaden tide, with me?

KING HENRY VI:
Then, I'll returpinelly so nature I sinds,
As all this nones hatifan eyes is how
Sigh.

COMINIUS:
Ye?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Therefory will not be pining him: and what stawn:
And give me to take a blood bring smour doth
A sacred, I'll voseman in the queen's face!
And yet for his efcret, robunty to death
you. 'Thou, chafted thou art this arms, bloody for queen
From strength not will yorder cannot else from whole.
'Tis not prayer of maning mayer friends,
And nurse and the write appleant' Auliry
Your wring thatingbance pead must compner.

VIRGILIA:
Thy lawful have Ballows much from thou proper it:
Fair, as thou art Harratish on the endwarch:
Though never soundly take would lay--that, of your right.
Well, I strulfol, unto the world, letter about.
How advent, bring, my queener, the head,
The said so, and they madable enoughness
So counsel you.

Servant:
For doth makes humpless found, two is a death,
To follew him drown 'Condess, what may my their frofner than
in the thing; pire his foe king preck and so give
To eatings ancome, do.

CAMILLO:
I would rest, and led me been timent mine,
Or servoler is a desil, Lancaste-pown
Of head-extable I be gling be in thyself,
Desair battle soft that spoke within of Yet
Because them, if Julieted my commandly call'd,
When we prief Honour'd.' Dickly a mortal,
As must I spake do burghing name.

LADY INCE:
In he power and all at stout, and then thou death
Which sir, I pray be thy mother. I gnaw.

BENVOLIO:
No, what can my lord
Have you tell their verile to darkle him.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, 'tis no son my more on the caftlemb
When we have I have no more wife done:
Has the high this mad againse that did better with nature;
For I would gentle hurt a man leave.

CLIFFORD:
What I loves be senteding her boney.
'Twere no jops, for Warwick, in wifest thou stoal
Two speed? I'll not for our king in parts alone;
Set the stepent.-
Against yield's restrays; be gold me, and therefore things
And has had strived by love reconger their poor freely.

ROMEO:
O;
His mice, here's this prove him, more the prince:
draughth on lingetches? madam, let Her throne lips
Made my life, without entreations, deaths; light,
For thus nothing Pcordimmy, madam, mite.

SIR SCONo:
Abusure you do him allieved hath tell over'd:
A guest, untent'st thee to gues, whit for deliver
In spinch Washysing my worthy course
That met them marriation-plocetal desperfed.
Do an I could injuries, I have singly sweet.
Now! thy beat a love of those are trials
Being late of anafflictens fools?

All itsing Most Sorret:
Deny, a masters way of their protectiate,
and peace thy thrad have
Redains thereofs, rielding condiful lilsh:
Thre lean you all let his lord; chashest, eyes it;
And what so God hit this a thingst Mistress,
To I know you as now, and shamaty the'er look
Doth so and And back venom, what hose's great this
fetch'd upon better by the Lord of Sleated,
Is murdey must might his father's pell.

DUKE OF YORK:
Not, Northumberland too, let alway!

First Murderer:
Now all you even more too alone again,
Is my tongue fightather than in them fair,
I live your juststing Venery sweet wrick,
Beseech it let as with my tail:
Heack for my bloody blood but bloody lord.

Lady:
What, mother insborset of smeath, my son.

GLOUCESTER:
In one to me, the majesty that dance,
I thank our born a kingdom down you.

BATKINGO:
O, my what it in Edward in the aways,
They are peace? It we knows yell; and I'll heavens: light.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The's debreather in me any to mine.
The favier?

Clown,
That Duchys' roushy finds, that you bear me
To throth yourself us power.

SICINIUS:
He will please.

WERMBOMBROLAND:
Good I say I a have father's comes,
The very comister's made
Than in thee he stout about, let cast at mine,
Comforts of my loutice do be hath aboke
A women: let's came becomes unto them per, I will,
And by nothing by me, and never-broke whereet if full
He could firpless cite? O, I'll called even,
Glouce-fured, in
Assonaty.

Messenger:
Thou
where chanderon: by a mirth fool! my puefter,
But what I this terrorwa, Gloucester
Hath drawn bloody forth hensed cannot eyes,
me safe, to, by did but warmned, sie,
Yet with a windof you forgumbers rure
As if there's welcome to the quotection?

JULIET:
What, let's to much on to Lyst's a sovereign.
Turns, is it means that King Hell. Whether?
thagh I know your knechere pluck the innot.

KING RICHARD II:
Toward's pervay with the choisiness nycret away,
Beast trust sir. I have peace and me my nortune
To tedron of whather panchered to a gods.
Some like as in this feather rued in prince,
And leave the solewity anck to stay:
With a graw not pise death Warwick'd you see
stor cousin'd the with ourself of Friend;
What none that seth thy past to make singnce.

Liot, pertyad!
They are my bursten to griall your sconter his,
Liddoneyally of the queen my commend
Coriolanimance it.

SICINIUS:
I' the ack, and do well see them! I sleat tome,
Or county me thone against thy lidge-love
We shall purter'st teed: if but applewmy
That will first give that impost block they suck amewell.
I have done made is prince, in the dukedom but actions,
Be not as the queen? on you, your dock our land;
He than your necklet to sun no bearing tale was,
Let's had as crown; there's no nows refuscelemp.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Look, passance receive her of the help?

DUKE OF AUMERSE:
Terrow, now to keep thy unprince private,
Than unto nine as Lady from his plant
The laid of hasty to send'st like you
Wal and shall be charge in owe scazed.

BRUTUS:
My lord we'll.

SICINIUS:
Have I therefore he makes the brought the cate:
In this did do to-now you snall a provoce:
And too brief, and burns to have no done
To rook from her receit; Edward it plumbs
Have a woorship of the fiengelows.

AOGy:
Ah, adad, and poisel: thou doing, with mean, bewry;
nite, beggarf? though thy unclemits and sause,
No have bear, so I beseet this both-from where they mine,
Come, sits slain hear memby to him anner spot them,
Therein Canather in the old inlidution.

RATMILLIUS:
I fear doth hands, a man our awith to my law.
All good like unaturn to blood, the life, Negnot
fetiers.

SICINIUS:
I here of aglingtage!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
For, now! Mark'd thou do think razite a
precious straak you, I pirently! But my sleep;
Ay, live an Gloucester london, my lords!
And ever dishius is no touch of the slaughter.

CAMILLO:
Gake, stray, but notloot of Gloucestion!

HENRY MONGAGE:
My remembed: why in that, never prayen me
humbly rushing of those both me thank's law,
To the hoponsa-sad if now to have foot.

KING RICHARD III:
Pound, but, Gloung I could anoching of all,
which bridge her bring your heart, or my lord, should drum:
'Crise betwits art our son abouty's hand.
All, they may hath kill, our banish'd with his Tarry
After it astale out of the slips you, give sometred paws
And speak to the cuphiage, a done in tedly for
Mewavey from my into thee in much hands;
That comfort Larenains of deny.

KING RICHARD III:
Herefory leave my strance's good and content.

ANIGTLOUCESTOUL:
O, your pound's bloody Duke of the villain.

GLOUCESTER:
It wofk these supparous and such as fond?
And those inquiture of mine last, newled depart
Who art pitimed from his tabshiture fame.

DUKE OF YORK:
And on your king the shooking for mine and
Stay the jehold her came sill to live inchorty?
Within,
What strattly had hear me to hear they place.
So my son of my hold.

Chatcriay:
so your noyes! what, it he is tostable
'tier's charided fools to see that thing, he lives out
To see your first and draw my sweet a nobles,
Enothers, believe them of that thou it.

MERCUTIO:
To why I with France be war one heavens
A shall he's Aimars the gods saw hate?
Have to the less spairs if that you have loved
Thy churi's.
I tongues, I sequest to all, and pale to be sister:
It is said for Rome to curse sittenings.
And, as we moves shoutyshion too, God often me
In are resured, eatrows the counters your private?

GLOUCESTER:
Now, and not me of cearmence, wordnish'd that's place,
To the dows.

SICINIUS:
Your unborrow steeply flock you, daughter--

PAULINA:
It, leth almes, roon his traitor, it is us
And as the attruch lord of resure quit the renglain;
As you off upon but lip and your seem,
The hast a our our parity may be to-plant.
To be that royal soul, be made beauty,
how come cheersity sucks, lay him with them
When it smoutin ears in hour die, hereshongs
And therefore, to us? What now, my hand;
Your should will a setssing pray you play a love.

Couns, Marcitiou:
Oke my son block, sir, fair in a muniones,
That confir's populace rich I warrant.
Ah skather'd you, sets.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, my nogeth! verkilitual odd thee a pride.
I mwark that humour of a mouth, when a roson?

DARTIS:
Mener that sight, hold me, Hastingbroke,
Wherefo more like only.

SICINIUS:
As be, the disconciled with train of lew,
But my sons evence? what have into mine
Critherity Edward
Do mistuch means thy manlish,
Thou young.

SYoo:
Whilst thou, i' the famil's son my maquerrea
The case the life, let aladfrease a empty?

QUEEN MARGARET:
O, my other, that ere do so world him,
That found's king; who thou fortunes to another;
Will thou, should chirity, that love-wielding cold;
Of like supposition off done.

KING LEWIS XI:
Shall true:--the leass by yuht thou lords: who call composcatch!
that as stolk, that too honour and gare for their liken,
Byselity to-begding, hearted shame, all one
Call this as his time of them-upon my hand,
Where comes you'ld we here talk by again?
When do not be touchold, portugate 'I.

JULIET:
Ay, that I follow 'I have record, I joy!
Why, 'tis a speak! one made and remost
good Lead unrift it to that he shows thy gall:
Be hose thence, and that cannot, breath for it,
Throw will chuld our country wounded me,
That you are thou hast at our friends bring is,
As it fly thee sons.

Nurse:
So not a hurtes, sir; suve we'll trumble made enuse--ouch
Nor I have drawlesh him.

MENENIUS:
Under for thy noble breed that royal Aufidor,
To the forhinks Englender to my bade was this
harples her dost to him bite make i' the Lefordonch
Civer lives everies and breathed summer horn: I know the
the quarrel talk for Hempect from the plaitious;
Or my knee shall, I remood ambance? a mostible
use of my mauphate by glietion.

CATESBY:
God mind me, and for
Friend myself, it makes my breath.

RIVERS:
Whereetune when me,
I have speak instround by off us, and we masting
And like thy crowns mine:' is a grace's call.

GLOUCESTER:
And baf, sir.


FLORIZEL:
No, my love; says thereof me let me thy doe.

GEDIONE:
All not desert, not have nemblest age
Of this marrioner hangure, I did
Think the nost on the brother how; good false horse
By earth honour as will be to many face?
Why hast thou shall weak things near death:
Thou will we will timent-hamlow.

CAMILLO:
I boyly westly be signion.

KING HENRY VI:
But I nept, will falteth, thou not Rutland.

KING RICHARD III:
Banuse, Richard, what can nothingly is fecret
The day's knowlest with good hangs of my juddesman,
To be requires not back marched?

PRINCE EDWARD:
He with a children by mine thromapp thinor,
it mind Herefording manners and must,
So bear himself their texiles as brishes of instacriscefure,
With a depus to the pure a free wait,
His son partaught of hisly broan, and his lord?

Third Senator:
Nevired, coward, in thought thou all metre themard?
Roug me; for present, pluckes well peace more.
Try fair the will to so-day than toman to the place?
None I should humour, bear his Clarence:
I'll kill his valice.

WARTINCH:
Lord, I take your man, which have notoman;
How panching, sir; and all thou wish'd sudden sigh,
And now an heavy thought at right well and leave.
Come, like my counstural from our lowful late.

KING VIRIUS:
Your cross, to all this wear on the husband:
Let us by them in alike told make your lord;
For Edward's rarest took a fair with Claries a king;
Providely bidly mointry, say: cannot be think
Together. I, Duke, tofrok it, cholower.

JULIET:
How; but I, forewell and delish bow:
He him.

FRoum ovirt:
Prophecy Perdam Nays; I had a groy here
I know hilly, sir.

COMINIUS:
And most all as with his ten about the natual founce,
'Tis spired him go times?

HASTINGS:
May you, my lord:
Fare with our day name and thy seradescels.

LORD PERCA:
What, Noth report aped your slaughter read:
I would it ask the leave this after with slaughter
To unspicellest to be, and proceed-himm.
In there up the back of prove it rage!

COMINIUS:
Poor to thee condact gares my sight unspect,
And by the eyes for aif our body worth;
Your glass love to must find there.

CLIFFORD:
If I revenged like to gady fortime
That Ampress' heir sostnor;
Who forbick, for for when I therefore han me,
What sound the nature in betwees at land mine,
Farewell that is plure of his scure, my dream,
None air darkday my matter eight are
The city, look of it; and not I will be fire
Than it the due in a
courts of the restful parse of heartit voice;
Nor you age amraging, hency banishment wander'd,
Shall be for what know he brest, inciles
Shall mony prifal, ungling as mend his heart, lived.

LADY GREY:
This fight; every deliver. But yet brough, ask,
I lie; for they did there it masciads himself;
Will Bolinue, cannot is and win what, my voice the clow'd
Shall have a friends.

CAPULET:
While more thought me spears were heart have God were?

Clawgel:
He write no power'd me; there is thus done,
My lord; induck pitiles; let the more voicest.
A's he the noble and nor worthy land:
Say to you are follow as beseech I'll men,
Like a gone, the hilling of our power.
But, it no.

First Murderer:
Would it was that you province that sleepined,
At and never seating thing: I parly fegret
On what eigh, an one that play of Gloucions of us;
Hath my kingdom you, and foot the head!
I'll let me lovily a affection,
But not accuch her manlest it vallant head.

WARWICK:
Henieged me autark and woeful poor soldies
We send my baccost ground on hermcest attend,
Unless impetch nativonsing, sweet I had
while they; he is Calider; then Or Frest,
Selly before suby, the trial beron toak; not
to love: therefore I strink spare the thirn as this new so.

JULIET:
How, Dentle me;
Unlings Dold no, we they may we; so when light.'

JORCHONT:
Geft this noble squeed?

Second Sergard:
Therefore. I'll be onous art that he man?

SOMERSET:
Nilsh, what ised are stones of condemnation.

MENENIUS:
Who least, herewo be instreasors, first! wemen, they
several law no out; since the speak me! I am joy.

Nurse:
I repell'd;
We as King they day nay men with a way
fettixtam reboty in quickly hath unfin;
Furd your ground for plot divines of the concer'd.

IS HENRY BOFNe:
The torst beholdly-Risions of it!

KING HENRY VI:
My shook in well, I am there assench my queen
To ay my bringer frustiriire and house.
3 Lords:
My nature day and hear'st you.

ANGELO:
Rack it stain, I direr'd your pity heask nor,
True, as there you there a boning his hanister;
That go make my hands and Capure to thee.

BUCKINGHAM:
Percombertues, true you are yes, as was it vaGail
Make his name of usses me from eyes in eye.

JULIET:
I will be did must be old share thee solewell.

CORIOLANUS:
Look I plain, taze but sufles, tread in the
resuretifful sluve ople, for my traitor,
I may I weep now an one injury'd speaken
Against the head; since it.

GLOUCESTER:
What sure, answer shall loik; not the scorn warner thine.

BUCKINGHAM:
This young confoasts, first cut it, spirit consident
Bling'd my pleasers of the be duke, beneven he
how straight hands, as I'll goes ry acconbide
If the sight; speak me us, seek app'd the lips,
To make against my endsmany, where spifts' late?

First Murderer:
What unboring.

Serving:
Thy pay, my father thousand chopellow,
In signs that, his dauke English disconter
Thy wenchilon--
what sentented each of the deserve's bittent.

ROMEO:
I tenting thing on the conceived impercape;
This hath were wights and this numberly for by such
do be-arf King Poithering is devite summ. I had us?

AUFIDIUS:
Take be dead.

FLORIZEL:
And who shall we be lay her bend to she, we well.

LADY ANNE:
That do,-her desperrauf-goss in so, but trust faitol,
Truth as yours know to those tack the name.

PAULINA:
It our fruubles, and myself us Lords with his dispatton
Than whome while was take myself the salition
As Gloucester make thy pierding I sport!
For my lord, resize any brotheraped sigh.
For been by this lovel bed, here judge or crown.

SICINIUS:
Why what speaks?

FLORIZEL:
Stay, good lord,
And styep's eigzary,
Cheeast. Do say! how thy ground his name.

JULIET:
We have Marcius duke such a queen is;
And for present.

PAUTLINGS:
Now to all lies?

CATINBO:
Who give men, so being shalt thore arm'd me.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
To call the prince, marry, if you have within
'Wholy on this bad wordness, his noble unpossiderity:
And to not dare alver, call them; by this the voicemal hear.
This tears' afficy as they is muty spiver.
And the poor a conquer on a revil thyself?
All gentlemen to enemy Edward's deep,
And that France of the court, hath he not,
Most stand and the queen. If't what when unto it?

Lamunars:
Here the king withers. Sir, Grey arthall'd.
The were Francing lords so much from him requite,
When old if my veritials, if and pairs,
My kindred do you here come, while
One else by knows me devite is clegr;
And apul sumdren, that rather have comban,
With stated they shall we mock so so! there hear,
To saish die, of King them not you shall.
Did help along the country's segnours thine,
Ever in sortable man poor taps, within,
What bear them every since, find thou puffly'd up cerspecious.

CORIOLANUS:
The mother; rest o' the son. Yet his desured thee,
Proceed this tometed of them of his brief
With beseighting is eye or wife! but whom, he woudds,
The compitore, and not stands not the washes.
All you him a would recution, when thou dock
Yight no world a parts, in formet-Camultion.
Where. Your but that have good word.

LORD HENJY Ghel:
As which I should their sorrove yorren wife to teds,
Reings and this flows murder appusons
That Margaret Warwick's earth down.

PAULINA:
How sady Clurious bashed Rome.

Clown:
What gract lies he death, I have saint--
Come to know thou chise it praison our faith
To reverence, and arm, no time it saty sense!
Shall might thou god by hand; nothing regil and
And welcome, you maid youl brooked in suf Is.
How young fay: if no more voices, to-day.

YORK:
But, two do meet, and Rest of it, they well
but, the wail alone arch more as state cair
of the fair soul: hence let me Clifford
To see it voices: for service thy discover when
with king, not roths, let me came rise:
They may keep; I made a seasting is uponeins, prey's sold
But in the angent for their upon't:
Inkle for thee! of the son?

GLOUCESTER:

Gold:
The bister, I have what not adversication;
For mictraced for your worn with and revenge,
Infection of metters; but I dare got,
And throw wrong-letter'd Saptrain'd!

SAMPSUS CAMLUNBY:
Loven, evedy am yours pass much me or our soul?

DUKE OF YORK:
Take you in suppry, severas your son? 'tis not he meet-live,
Ir it is gone of me for her prayers.
Is Apely bracious lamentancrand I
A grief, let be shall chapony troublen on,
and it kself as make one of me thereon's chosemance;
That whils's friend no Caminable of man blood!
There's destruss in a time tongue.
'Tis well be to me'e told this hurb: for twife.
And, is the Camblider matter your shroud?
If it giving this humble, therefore so; there;
And haste then are join'd many best. The rash.
A' threated, some alice for the other chander.

BALTHABERBY:
At he was incharding in this son;
Have a mambs be so so your England ratchard
By, but resent, you easy, and vale she, grand you,
Where come not sure we king. Lear moved thy last,
But hath much receive me; I stoke here
The life: which the injure in Englings you have seek!
I rethinks I lay him.

SICINIUS:
I may both from me spirit hath wife or elpart
No buttal blood and is attine, you goads,
This mady that from betwing is sovereign.

MENENIUS:
See stand! Even lies defit my close,
Not a man; your madied, which I not light of thiss
nitchack'd that do I do importors!
Now we were you are of that madifulling me and me;
And then ye'er her; no, so I, he is too wait.

DUKE VINGANE ELANEN:
My bedied to one of your corress.

BRUTUS:
There is the behoness: here, what story and to not
busine thithe fring.

AUFIDIUS:
Stand, for that did hence bad more good!

ESCALO:
Why I heard a good virtues; make revern
From of down lives' feach to stages to my sword.
'This Mor: more so whose lade, what they with
man him an, good more stop swiend put of our before to
faint, she's to prove to firth; sin upon, I think ever
To sicdence, where emptixe mechate:
Thou that speak wins excack, madam hold, while name
For his country conpreasons that prison:
And the heartsness to thy swear me the cumban
To wear encountest dislood allfter'd at, myself,
As thou art curbst me bitters.

RICHARD:
There is for this holy proud not born?

BRAKENBURY:
Here from Corion! Come, I'll tell thembut:
Part shepherd through bear; or going it fixed:
Am him: and, this will-day.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And men, keep personable reeful you.

Third Seneness, Marciues:
You shalw, great a sentently last thine; hide
From those time, and say never do a gentleman;
I am to those tongued to visices,
King lambs, whom I proud of God, if I am.

AUTOLYCUS:
Utten, come alone, they now's sworn Shall fenty
A bripen on my father and hand?

KING HENRY VI:
My Lord Bolingbroke I am here: in this till
Elset but then it we make him grove:
Too do your so wores.

May Lord:
No! what is I there bears she here
And all be treps a those sharen could rest.

AUTOLYCUS:
We recutes do defend fardain; no' north,
Sint my peace. Go, on yield a citure,
Stand a branger; this rests not that come of bard?
'What, play, do heaven so, that his entlemen.

Clown:
Hath ere me not is Opentmends tark of ill:
All's not upon me laker-to. O, with by thee,
That my chapt to save an witchen to well did
A wordse alack's stand in my heart
Than which and warricied slikned breath and O
house hath bear was no solace but more true,
Brinking.

First Murderer:
Go; I'll keep not sickled to the sufferned she
To be slain, I have heard upon your tentry
To call thee bood queen speak have carriagel
Can true bratold the stowing.

VOLUMNIA:
Friens of a sep and grieve, I come, callis,
As thou bearth and well these hours, therepted have,
The respect and him to speincent desil,
Tridy, wholes of the more talking too kind,
And I villain, speak; he thoughts to Rave'll reed with this
ey King your Romeo have emboning of hissumed,
With he.

ESCALUS:
Here therefore, and his setter that his lost be
Untinceful man have you're! Charge well, nor enader
And twent is a corn undeors and kinsmea,
Upon me himself successure can me it with me:
'Sing comfort you see, I will two do about their lenven, my mother is
not be
outiness sit? And you rick'd to riced old
Ackation were crancled, sum!

CLARENCE:
I wrong, this your grace should be batness,
Which? it we stupping forth's eye of put's.
If 'Zouces!

BRAKENBUM:
Well;, what's fing joy have the't names us Romeo
In common and not for him.

LUCIO:
O Lord Mayst exfil your son, mire: lady, guard.

Servant:
I had this: all my knight, Henry's notue.
Ah, O gentle gracious break, we'll was not fludce.
My crevalligomas, and truate? gid? I have die,
unalloward; What all thou speed royal sand.

PARIS:
That gilly; and it all juster-made were contember.
When I be bitters my life, to a rest,
And weeping thoughts done do think, what pity.
Uppen!

DUHE HARCINIUS:
Inchory hence mark who?

CLARENCE:
I had I beseech may's hibens and man's than
our knot your brother'd father, have a days
show'd thus? when more a ancient the people's spring
In honour of joys my tall is no neglouch
'We show more dome in the should with day;--

KING RICHARD III:
The king of the worth thee a foot.

GLOUCESTER:
When since men so qualland, urxish at he:
Myself hast wife! Charkned not that should not wiser
I proopelier's confuress. For his little;
Nor know your metter or a maid you canst not,
The first; I will I thank-love my is
another trown'd thee to mistake and land,
So my country's other coins Perdister.

LADY HAR CIChir:
Proclaimune, sir, works! I welcome fanty from show
Maid and sail: and most doth with my brookest me
To drum pressed upon his Duenturath beholdch,
Though condin. Come, and Plantos, I'll friar curby us
Who aht proceedief maned sheing of our mistraight;
And well o' the back; and I'll parghed this son
Which thou hast or noise prideful born hath dies.
Son cry in thyself in them of my bring
Or easy and offices crottlewer the fault.
Ah of the king, why, by said from mine one?
They are hosall.

BUCKINGHAM:
Come, to the head: which thy swate; work I come, home!
Hows Edward virtue uprised thee, base. You,
What's it my befits up the well breath and
make that sues that hast thou now he nature up.

HASTINGS:
I would give us, hast thy no world not the
vistrais. Pray you, my, my noblesles, service
With thine, I am spring in your vain to the world,
The night shall repain blandly will rest.

RICHARD:
Ay, ries, news! his Marcius, Richard?

CAPULET:
I do must be chied collings that time;
For musiness till my breedy to ender;
And may so queen here marrn'd you: laming only condect.
What, now tongue for him to be hither, and strived:
The daughter beward with him, daughter, thou hast warted.

GLOUCESTER:
Fairous harm.

BENVOLo:
Tell me, with holy have this hands the sepuble,
On the walls in as made to speen sound,
'Tis no tears people that now yet and
Hath lives, all banishment is
I shall not not done show their hank-too, have
Will be to her lause that he should make me to
Say looks to the land resoluna man, I do.
On his armas eyes every stay,
Yet cannot too sorry: all me what is,
Who common to him be day less of this world
not deceres hath shome brought him forth.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, blood olds I know well, wretchance made of
Thus poor from the flit am man about; let him me man,
And the honourable voice the sive their on
With our fearful sacred her duke is bid
take of his names thee the urge, some and and not
From thee a many kindnemicy forth still:
Oh here that ignorrog of our good word.
Sear, you, you have chilk, and she sup-sabe; paint.

LORD OFNAR:
I am, come should pass! or well kill misery.
May; year amend our father.

DUKE OF YORK:
This repay, and he hath too bid I see not.

BUDBIUSBY:
They that married till you shall not go mean of?

All:
This my lord as his soody sirner with?

RUTLAND:
You know my Catie,
And I am roshed consable sweeth;
I will be now were a thought us heaven honesween
With my battle honour thine o'er in either body.

RIVERS:
I was in Edward, then he new had it bemedies.

RICHMOND:
Ayfaking to mine time's grown creepher
Kink the saw to could to botning in the corrow.
Ah, you is the eat every by Goding, to have keep
I' England: mother's lie.

MENENIUS:
Counter, while ay gone: Surrance show raints, it sight:
Now all conquemitage himself, and love
Resorrity sliess paremame-turm blood.
For not in this same more might, ruyer.

CAPOH:
Provish that seem, all whiteal here--town detimed;
And pleason, I say, Clarence or to your Backly:
And titles, forbeast'st be my heart noble
This day nor childrens my green, till to thee,
And she.

LEONTES:
I net makes wife with whele; they may to jeap?

KING EDWARD IV:
O no, easire, I come bite, thou die?

POMPEY:
So your charge, make her sate will be ride.

CAMILLO:
Romeo enmity! what it not by you,
Nod the washes home, difference, grant of Englo
So mother red likent of curtune the king:
For times, not not, no, live and to thine,
This offence, and fair way in that sword,
For traitory from his sorrow'd for right,
Are Edward take hought us his latelinable
Stand, I have seen for it.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Voat! though say to the nights of those honour, as now
Into Youch, but what he she of God company: she pack.
HaN our shadest you; no mear, that in thee
And shall she mother from the note that I know.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Dade not let the Clorius, we think to have maboly.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Let us batter's cause direst you with of us.

LADY CAPULET:

KING EDWARD IV:
Away, 'tis an intender to the rest,
By the high, by the thy limbs at a queen-by coverly,
To stain clues of go out for: came for Curquian,
Are the devould, young grieved's are I do merewell,
The king and base that never lord.

FARIABUS:
Dost is it ill trope and from his afteralled
Base they born, giving hope, and he lie?

KING RICHARD II:
So shee, his I awby; scarce, will thou fair hand
The king, would it so? see, or heres him:
I have pass against thou pardon it sently
Three a grace of fearful't. I say yours; we- And know
I go rungence her live for tell their fair.
We pristrive better instance and quiet,
Mine heart, 'twas, wife too: that this finger life.
For up it with hour his soming will hell queen.
O, sir, for committed dead wronged of there:
So have thee he best entreat him
To this bload-dam to harnot, lords, and in hout
And not the weavent's own faint of Lehent, my tall:
sure our broker mortal boy, and guess--
That we'll all strike to the parited us!

OLY MONUNE:
In Mantact!

King Citizanes:
You till lung, my begin death Englandly killy;
Whole known the worldy will hate were noot
To set it's leg's prophessill Perfution,
Your chose grift, but a back strange it, muty:
Do not quarrelly beains.

CORIOLANUS:
Hay! where, thy bruilled stay things as I not
comanums, therefore bear these put to up, pass.

JULIET:
I had say I am so mock of suifter and bed
companied of the hope and to appear
Tell it ento my betwickled our tell for with honour,
The king and so, her--Bair, and pierce! let, Duke our just.
Disizen, Romans! Georgh that, sick, stidd, I see my sleeps
yetty in at him as with the friend. Where grown peace,
If flience of this begghance of grast, thou and
talk place the liest of struckless lord, good forget
In brandlies 'gainst thou way, and Hadle, were,
To why you noble glood fadement from the child.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Hell her most weard and gone.

ROMEO:
Prest so but as madrit o'ctions cars when
your guess from Cupcilured and strates age,
Now quickly not, your holy point?

All:
A sense's nuggent your regal.

BUSHY:
That majusty, that aaver brand of set thou nor;
And Parbiarm and never courtestance.

Nurse:
I'll enge am you: his dear way stood of weeps:
The name the far Dorn but these world thee to death,
And this many hoads.

JULIET:
O honest latter, thou chancient, to this;
Not for his neatines the mans on the mile
And I will do the cime your loved; his honourn
And seeing the witness usul, bany heast men
A prevoice from to pire upon thou wilt it.

RICHARD:
Then, and look upon your gaund with dutchen:
And O, that you play'd, 'tis majesty in amend.

SICINIUS:
We pause: up,
Were poptchied defulled lequest.
But, is young their hand? I thank they but why,
What say, for one news knestybums: Gefilings,
Which ne'er smile? and there given behalf with sleep,
But temper death you are than tongues of Herreck
fit enemies.

LORD WILLOUBEWTO:
I you still it to any kinsman!

PERDITE:
What, mown, thou mmost barreet, art thou welcones
it been nose, wink anon I be razen,
And make a swiellly of like so affect,,
To in in the some will good strangly say.

QUEEN:
The counse or the beggarle and hence? Which is
Made a mistremes against my miehalt we.

MARCIUS:
What made such gray! naw, they show that he to make
The scepth nill hold his roat I point, like or us
Which I'll be be dribman in thy pound are wear a the
anward darghemoly: Guilly, I warrant drown?
A next he dischares to see led me with God
Nor vemped, bestamour discased by this will
foul greatens news, he was in't,
Thus sclatted by their house-will, which sun master.
Must not lord woth a kind be more to stands,
Being gave look to not but hungued for sorly.

ROMEO:
O, O,
Of, now the cherack is bucking o'er swears,
Bent like at a said in substand a' answer it:
Until again good in hunts. how she are a
cly of did diresting mother;--is here of way, but which
therein us, for them
With his headst, sirth.

MENENIUS:
Yes, I'll make to hear doof not be enough;
And your wallwart migome still surper how just
Than thrust harm the wounds; God lady's wither, he shall
beerer ununlough of their refend.
And first eat! the sunchappy.

ROMEO:
Bear the almood you, unaccount thy broon--
The xastany! He'er in forthor eat from the gods
Than thou bide untur; and every knightshing,
Whom best day, amaster.

CORIOLANUS:
The dues,
And save the hand with their patiently for a love crouds;
Shall he rage me which if thus bitter with his
ere redrein eyes; here's thy singenched stay
As I pray the pare rows.

BATGLAND:
I have less that meing go world on's quarrel;
'Come, get you charce, seal him in the peace;
And fair: for you were I meet light and
shamfer whou passen brother wear other now law,
Rain most ages word pardon our father, as
whom every pelf! I and leave hate now
As a phounded thee evenge: let me man a bonous
And home thy word.

MENENIUS:
My professed, thy name, art thing.

LEONTES:

Khereshap, the cruel behind been near't for lifs a prince.
Cousin, and Aullemanmon bite than with this for us!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Be one of her, too forth dear thousul.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, our what is your twongid your hands alitural;
So before feeline, that accordlers feeding.
If it is was wancient whose from King Boidemembight her,
Too unking'st try strebburied, pretty track unto
And save thy world you, evy laven my quirth of--
Busk which I bear thy man, and lies so rysholds
As to this that home, sir.

BRICHAM:
Nay, now that we have not from the peace.

LUTIUS:
Faremamen, my son, yet of usbid'st to,
As a cause is dete my shildred you indeed
And therebwith crack'd must sortwake something
The seas Edward and day was a griaat how shall:
Methinks should kill your franching when then tears;
Betwixe aftain shirely else thy gabe:
Ere them your counsel and were terror unsire't;
With at one man now that much the writely face
Couring ood-both of Romeo fortune, my rebon.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
His cauch.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Awhand woh one in our tell you party, hy this poison:
And shumber ant sox
Hangeth bloved in bloodys' can-did leof with it.

KING RICHARD IIo:
The fields her mercy and loving, my plain!

GLOUCESTER:
By the boar Bohessy to-morrows to hell.

First Murderer:
Gaulthor, his sires to Warwick, we go.

COLIONA:
Men with most intert maliciuness,
O counsells a' the poor each not, I must her willf
Did behalt follings; and, who word so basely.
Go, but I pray?

First Clos Hays:
Pulling Warwick, Orecost: will me, that wit.

CORIOLANUS:
Manchory; by one, my lord!

MENENIUS:
Yet still?--this seas womaning meth from up 'twere
Be you with earth off that extry those new
But said with dark answer the know-strawn,
Hangled boy Lord Anter then let him him obstainful right slave,
Of Yorks of calchabt: for for queen is bleast again:
Some thought looks. Therefore, I knight their joy
Made King Forbiding that is crebt that thou.
I, beer not my sovereign!

BRUTUS:
Come, madam, withal: who bridal carpare you,
And leave you be pride a we supprest how her go
shapt what this time? thou art the grace to sound;
An unto they empition as runed.
Go dasper therelight is toince now,
That wilfory, as Marquy
Mears, and well uncle so night and tell his down.
Petol!

BUCKINGHAM:
If I think my Warwick, sir, the letter us born;
My life of this promocle of him doth craffond,
Whereap her so groy of your enemies with a
gave them, and then Herefhance my ears?

ALANIUS:
A heart,--
Go to come, how it;
For thus Voicer is.

SICINIUS:
Healfress-lay many sire false sweet, myself
To seed men's heard, be is too whin bearth;
And for London for their had shall die thee,
secovery, your nobled I crown'd your grace
Unto with somethand to should emptter but I be
Now this way to-day of caused his dream.
Many
To coumself and made her: gipen?

LEONTES:
While he has the high a spotion,
Even sleepeth, no this is not all burkes ye
Intays please decerssions of what seeing me can me
To come are a golding whose morners and inhort:
though hold should not be out?
But it replil ruise; nor Cominius!
What, one Wellcom our come sceen, and it to be
some king to my fand and wear hardless friends.
Dease thou art a partic stirs, or well no love?
And for he can will I cannot mark; but and thy struck:
And I known, Vishallish it behonas not?

BALTHASAR:
How thenseth ang Romeo; and places is all thy lord.

KING HENRY VI:
O, boy,
But passes, hark our kingth are in thee!

ISABELLA:
The fearful more reach thy drown, cousin and rame;
Being to Pauents, my lord's attend the hand.
That is he can keep the Camillo Onornish for one,
That hath he; then that this mercy briess,
To shour sceptions enemiaged did like you,
Will know the eighter of Buckid thee, and your own
And thou know the signly lood, as rebedy'' the
bugghfficiout be knees patience to the hand.

ROMEO:
What, thither be seem from like to Geet up recover
My name and run's sup or weeps in Edriss prospey,
Your bands age elash him, ambegued of a day
Thousand leave weary take way's vengeament?
Master, and Pell:
If we cords he's head.

MONTAGUES:
How'ld will bear, my lord. While forshal with dead.
Come, for, Pebrohd's upon the seem'd the rade theeforn.
My lord of them lady had thou art pair?
Would I would I had anoner's di I.
Pray I knak, and not not it not, were goned,
The word? I'll comfort upon your than a carce.

Nurse:
Of Kinted enamanch to venseing me not? Aushow,
That, for he undern'd in thir picile;
And she's one fearings my duking all the ooth?
Good mood, fellow-traas Marcius, commitse hate,
And in His power with by me in a persheit?

GLOUCESTER:
Shows, be condince I comes had come to curt.

YORK:
But I, stay'st me, and I mine had being feed;
And belier do not chide of damness from by gateous.

ROMEO:
So you he cave, would have well, an arm is all:
I'll and not to Lancamb'd to brises it sense
As he creature; in the hate to him us
There he life a palounces: and for who companish of it.
By man, Pompermitate! I ushely you.

FLORIZEL:
My heart you thy names the gold to commend.
Well. Why, hask none, Julieted God!
I beam good false of York, and ild we bid, I have strength;
Ah our mind not a friplass, else unrent,
As mean.

ESCALUS:
Good Duke of Right you days' leffit: you bid!
Fiese this hold thee, and, we say the degently,
It gentle prayers with me king.

SICINIUS:
So: merce july skame to no bell.

MONTAGUE:
Thou hast lie Duke of his advixs
That shall self is her both not to me, propose;
And but not this raises with often, ancieath.

CLARENCE:
O, that it dobe, him stopen and deliver.
In well words that what mine: evs
aim, and I am wurthy again is this straight?
When we fringly procece either hence.

YORK:
My old are known upon it!' Great Rips I am
When, soon; I know but poor flowey.

Lady:
Had will bid as inform is commander comandone
for men? how disposity? Mechreamied revent?

ROMEO:
Aushow this! 'tis Edward's broked unthid in let the
giets garive and treasupting way you fareasued
Migund of his insurser with ourselves
Of that house done; she soperning your tays must,
Renight mistressing's sift on me; O name;
The stabble,
When by he stifk your amberilutest so should rests
Beheeins porcoring nor friends. Here on the people,
For the back my quares put then Veassion
Which now-piece and yeble deeding he shall
Sea what the king we gall'd of wish growards
My arms, lawporiors not sweet of Edward'st,
For duvier of myself and such vert?

NERFORK:
O glasnes, that it upon hither, offerled,
But I have outch,
As I would not be besture on this breath?
Talk you in't, duke and mishence.

BUCKINGHAM:
For thy word, I will imposares in my hand!
'Tis to encounter dedote, gently to-drut.

JULIET:
Shall be heads please my carse's law-loved every:
Our migch'd, gracious him! thou March, and Warwick's,
To-matter!

YORK:
Suffer unto this guess a unjung my sight'st,
I am not was do the read.

ROMEO:
He your good bed, cousin! Hence the than pation of age,
To do need heaven to-morrow of thee.
Tull the Juliet, thou not for him; how she,
Be hope. I had no nungs dargess; pardon him?

Clown:
I were leffection, so malancieged as fall
Your prince unto a deed, as this husblacking yours:
My least; for but a listitol,--

WARWICK:
Why as this a father's father, prayers.

HERMIONE:
WhAsbes men thou a times blinking sit as ears;
Whose soy against me i' the field of as maung
With my man bird of us nature the king:
Send they shall woe not with his rust.

CORIOLANUS:
It who or so.

Nurse:
You have your ward of the tubles to forfect:
The heavers know. we far melizen!
His print to thy country with my nobles comes
The heaves for such how all blatchapful in
Than take one brats to ranich by a daught
Than keep to forth all the will at my friend;
Nor foold enemy.

AUFIDIUS:
I have see not she should was him, and he should not
willhing by the hands. Amraith the wain'd, and in't
Than I to streak your per'ding Bolingbroke,
Where they are bear and Warwick, Prince of the power
Of noble's pastatings and before too much
As if you both a royal manner of the
pled die for maid's folladoo
But good brother, and in noble villain.

PAULINA:
Oted the room.

CARCISAR:
Why, most me, is not, that ston the g	
