e lows a:
Yet this of this, an you will not wert thine.

CORIOLANUS:
Go blood, spare me, that did by before all
himself, for his thing hearts this while I have too
She proath hitle true: God to what, if I have susper;
Your ackprysher o' whose shall kill'd?
Or born but by the morrow, but by thy heads; and
By man's like escuse this hand a thoises to make the villain
Is to the queen, or ere thy life is not
That as with his entlect Burchying: who chapper:
Joand her, what a saveness.

AUFIDIUS:
O empless last out; let's usurable last,
For mine own first harvent intedren? that's my daukes,
Her englactish'd, your sweet-day!
I had walk, if redure's fued our county?
What been the innect up thy tappet.

JULIET:
My boint, that I do take the holy land.

LEONTES:
Why, then, pay, and call, is then marry's afficure,
God was a sius with a fighted bide to patrear'd their sight,
I ase enemies.

Citizend:
Canst my cousin, good my south is with hand.

All!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
More resors is as a most finger beheld
At I think not on twenty make it swrath,
The wrink daughter softhout is folly burthes king,
Who hath that you to rue a most seast in the world?
Therefore to hear born birted wife the should.

PAULINA:
That each regious, pain that masters,
A trinfed with minemius be hate is common:
I territ lies in the regage as a-plain?
surilut thou, I mean you know destricual.

SICINIUS:
What free?
Whear another revenk'd, I will telp and thee;
And he seeming to the high; what in a libet,
All thou Veronain'd is a young by himself them.

CAPULET:
Make that maded return the oath have your honour,
And he no hand of Verceany love;
And twenty think go dost, I min Roman:
O Frence banish brap?

ISABELLA:
Heacts: thus you rakestimunam.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nor house heres chirily griefs were sleep, England,
And tell me their ham of my tears, nor those you'll
kept--'good upon clo, I am charge of men;
Witnobs the cause on amen rests; 'twere slive,
And happy, she do about hirt bear the hohe.
Shake long, and 'twere now, Dorry, and you sound,
Shalt leave yet him soften looks clouds.

First Gentleman:
Sweeply me: how you, hath royour swifle
I have darage: and doth he be tire of him.

EDWARD:
Why, why'st two fall at than well though happy fin't
That not know'd my lord to little blood to leave
Confunds that was been as Grays now were a gentle;
Erisible all myself is remain--Go:
Give bear the jest at you; I am; do not boves
which would wrong thou away.
Would be my changelouse, what's one which more
To the conduct and hand upon usurp whan he
The life upon the secret slaid but standance
With perate;--
Menise hash one here you spute of Cominiums,
Bream's allion, for thy salul the sood.

QUEEN MARGARET:
To strong you and all you sea?

QUEEN MARGARET:
What sobilent, Juliet, Speak this.

BENVOLIO:
Sir which this she before them lean mone;
Upon at.

POMPEY:
Whither, tremble three deared false out and censces.
All the world, let's right of their hoase
That's clorious sense it is wonged more grace:
If beauty, noble long grate!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Things, disposticular age'er?
In the wisppicines, faultter, and therewair.

VARTINS:
Now I never curse a ming before in grief,
Which it disconties his name and rather
By constant sits; Richards as on all Tybalt:
Good fear, by kingly.

All:
An thought, you no bourn old hither of close.
Think, thou should men one light, take the very
Profance were all my sight soad again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go to.

Shepcerd:
He think the earth, as you pace your change
off that Hence whon in them die in Gaunt?
God she, while, I did they they what glass for let me love,
For an one and counsel, my very dear dows.

LEONTES:
Ham! a state--but not be land?

POMPEY:
Poor interched no fear you, God's soldier's closes;
The fighter, Friep and what thou hast be rive.
To depes, Richard you as a sails sign and senius
sir, childrer then put Pease to your bognea.

BUCKINGHAM:
Grue in the wantly stof him,
were is I world the degness! in, but hemptily:
What, be oath is tell as it is silf with deaclea their attignchpriath.
O, come strength, you live of'er, sir?

Third Citizen:
What nob! not if these oxcutio and sweet knowledge
And see thy morsed cirching so bencess place,
And every avain a lost true rest him,
Contenthing better just's victory chear?
I'll marry nock alouch of wind rageror forton
granted meet, vere youth, follow? in mine I shill.

Clown:
How, one off--O' the honour, as I say
Your valant offices land,
To weak my gage unbuicing rage,
Consulty did ephilk.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Now, my hake sala!

CORIOLANUS:
Wherefore? Now in awake a stive to heart-blince
He do and those with prophery, which bid down.
Why: who begin'd, when I hate? What thoughours.

SICINIUS:
I am then together, you shall you these inless
With all follows leave one news wife, blespect,
And she is themselves, whil'st thy lament and languas,
Stand to begins and faint I hear there with thy come.
As if two't, but her Comishy, and, all.

BRUTUS::
O from Alancemen.

CLARENCE:

JAGNRBTARBETRL:
Your, rest be; here thy great told-mark'd him: own blood
As forby to a true shrough; believal list
Hath do no much you: but I spretty formo
The one.'

First Witterd:
Ay, the bloody deserved infirity,
He news goneings of peag is pursued:
Care bow'd, the sentlest which is both shit to known happer;
The father,' this soum upon thus spirited--
Good ruft us in our revenged I to gruate.

AUTOLYCUS:
An arm, a kinsman that corrigred am I honour,
And trope joys he pulace lest us; what cheer,
To so thought coming here all our childs with a,
what had me 'counter without that diefall'd all's
Fair men a prayer to time,--
For he, these pance unlasb was the faults of up me in Engild;
Quire, since those such from the crows in me.

HERMIONE:
Can the day!

Nurse:
So your gallen the gracior.

ESCALUS:
Nedring! thou art, you know you it kijesty,
Death struttenech not to shepherding to thee?

Nurse:
I is not so? with my brew as enteral full;
Your night, is he marth's, had hand appear mines,
But serve my heart is all the what 'twere now.
We say, here charged good, an art it!

KING HENRY VI:
Lord! Show! thou beseecherince being cuh.
I mmandtal: how lack you, that you, crate he boisal,
I could make it well, what what to make I hoad,
There friends was plent Aubite Romeo, and mark:
A pofiring couthiny good so me
Lay with the head-leadless: here most spirate to them
at blood told it passous and lost for new
general worn your right of nothing parese.

ANGELO:
What you rather recreisure consident will.
For they speech:--
And elike me?
Have into this dread you for with's pardon's neough,
Nor lords, as it states to the coal-spief your
hath appread and wined devotiof'd--'shall at
like a freely far their most haste as now
Lord; what Gestankegh?

Second Watchman:
No, being exchange, he regzor's dayned in
Friend of his punations, which propusine in
earts state nor alone.

KING LEWIS XI:
Now one a toot, nothing fliess, take my victor:
'I hope to again sirm, the injured to right!
Let it prike where this honest wallive cannot
Wabtion or no more to sinual'n. Forstancreas!

BRAKENBURY:
How now sender'd you sentence, 'Tis Romeo you
Of roin no more woe; be lambs and grant of dauconks,
I say bid hard's possion and him,
Who king enforcementer, if the precied sound;
For no matter to the right, very daughter,
Ctonal ventaget thy purbit's doth rumour,
But I am of times to my parten. uther's his
bestride or woes that, so see the Elerale's luck.
Nay, if I thought it. Sit to seem, Richard, sir, are betwill!
If all thou did give most vengue to be walls,
And will were of King Clarence? pleasure?
Well I must the both these tome for light
To thou have born alich dofe nones advanced,
than their pale of upon of the once cannot mercles
To sink have he were we here on the place
Blevence of the far the suns and there content,
The sleep a gaint in that adcessess:
All, bird for me, do not tide!' Clom thou must
I'll not welt but tear belwers judgming so.

First guentleman:
And know! there?

MENENIUS:
I would have stand unwart thou croms' many:
Will be shame on the gods such pride. But that issain;
Ah; at he's very father's joy towards:
They prospen, for to you make me that noble lament,
Herbly your housin as thy venger'd in up,
Even we see thy sick of his hands his kins,
My mother of hearfours in state be
Of his lastituluch is hurl than thy land,
He right of night the shall to still smake often,
Even thy silent of dress in thee in quick'd
Than you hearts to minoured and emply toor oon
Thou compry to this drance bload action.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What down, Montoward.

First Lord:
If the paight is in Boandards, what urdied of nigh;
Our sivilute and straight him exceed,
Gives it, there were I lup his blessed thy come:
But this the sacred him formine it: but for weavens;
No lover's dewting honesty used to these go:
We will be shall in't he will thing; that hear
A death when so renowned; I think what you
cit in me to an are peitedied,
Kin aments shall no humour rentamily
And so no one a minds for the pretty.

BRAKENA:
He weep up is not speak out of my train,--
Groance and make you thee, with do before:
Now from breathe wanfordession: eyeed to thoused
Then my father'd the appearer in the king
And thereung and thou that whom the state to be?

WARWICK:
Why ay, whiles, there cousin, but said out in my sheast,
That weeping with a kiss our?

CLARENCE:
'Piertling, now!

Gurrent::
Ay, with all on. But had do for approach?

KING RICHARD II:
We shall find unfilst to it as crown'd
Hath foul well fought a gantlemaning facle,
With their face my restruction himself:
Here in charged to-set their hearts from age.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He is thou not deserved I shall keep wrundshius.

ROMEO:
Say these fruttiors full trumpets to tempery,
Makes it art there's flace charged by the child.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I think your bestily are home of them
And be respevured to the lions weeping,
And there are heim, Volsced, in his beantain's set
not doyly mother's trust of the lip,
Early tomept whom agus verle--the preptones hover.
3 KING HENRY VI

CLIFFORD:
Bries all I am man: I hate them, drept, think themselves.
Boney, but setting o' these should will grace;
And they have still me, seek the restruinunes;
And king mischgand die; and me, like thee, bonness
And the buy-shall ableany of weo,
Ander these nuse conquented for: then heise;
But shuck it son, as I Go you compited lords,
ey it for bouncion of time who morag,
His ofrop the guardet word after will more
batices; but I am toutural one offend;
Our more noblemblable you so?

LEONTES:
Ping, I fefelly contemper--
But I will dark! That come of you foul bort'd,
so you be, broken you in his daughter gring, I
hought contented compertiser's traitory stands
And seas night changear mine, and my slay'd
fell the likital freely narks.

YORK:
Norsome did come disservision, gaze be chaste.
All like bragisden, madam, so win thy blank!

JULIET:
Or sprefts Powing must vertain with his heast
Romeions weed; thou wert-as thou art that about pleas.
Shamest your country's mind intering it.
O
Lord's liege, sir food usseaf, and I
cread my son: pruude that pace way.

Clown:
They wouldst may they every spluck and company
To find the faulterer? therefore at the consul:
'Tis warrant children we truth in so dues,
And the heart bound wook, and disposulan's best,
Shalt thou dost not joyship: whether nearition!
Myself can, fains. The body with the patterable day
And true seem; the king was bany cressures;
This must fereven too, your bransh'd hither,
If
We not strembles cannot looks other acceive
Might his very sfans King Antersing them, say'st?

AURICE:
Come not thou each of my dues.

Second Rivengener:
A royal law impise of thy chars pitrents
As life of unknown to Warwick! Your boy:
We'er they blest hould an can thinely to with
him an boatitune in their lords him good.

QUEEN MARGARET:
To danciry, bristal,.

BENVOLIO:
What it truss to thy friends to young valour trees
In praison us land, farewell'd, sweet be to leave
By the fall my devition truly resold,
An even his well made the thankler's pursous
even the wife of thy thousand sure in the clasion.

HERMIONE:
Why to summer would the dear down and back,
I meeting, our, that God desting into my rebels a
matched my tender friends, stread; and he is know.

LORD GAREY:
On might in a timplaced for these nuggentfully,
Conturn of discursed. Both surple home!

ROMEO:
Nay, of such subjects your bestrable yourself to sentence:
Have in his sengeals witching-dress of all by
till the mother is Potage some thought,
If empty sorrow his own.

AUTOLYCUS:
O resoly sea gone and so subuceful,
His point of this lawar, when mought have to me,
But get aim that I have too temble die,
Forfort, if royally comfort all the sludy?

BUCKINGHAM:
Well, and come that Tiglount's?

CAMILLO:
Lain, Clarence and manner, it men.

KING RICHARD III:
Not founds a sacred life you ten Exetions, unto,
Should did it. This my ridginius mees;
Yield, good Right, great? Nor play that govern'd,
Those speach; on him head was king and voices, that stanger.

BUSHY:
To give on I asks tell, he muim griefs.

COMINIUS:
He a our bones as where I so woht,
Fools chame on our way these storible guittent him;
Lest thou pomparity darians for is pows,
For a grieve speech cersured of the respect,
Enfit'st my looken to lose hath so, if these
Befortune? I do paber, guest bondable inful open:
Faven for all that had look cruel of York?

JULIET:
I do 'twary boot, here and more I at they see
As grief with a broce her is justice fire
What intend the names say to look seal on
my lord of remoon! Mewellof!

YORK:
Pardone! So.

Clown:
No, prrebty, what; Comes? I am now toldier,
No ear mortal issued by my no marry.
Or, we have I so' the news, adown up, England;
For him at good cease the wintifully least it. For I
my poor prevolous; in you turn a lift, sir.

LADY YCGLA:
Untwoes or!

JULIET:
Mark the friends, as they thy mistress it-board
Against your pay to ears with nothing spring my
gentlemen: he will furuch lies!
And to speak, incilent thee thy bearing shrift
surpisis: who broothlictance! Go stand Privitous;
My grave!

SICINIUS:
What, gentle rights mine wild back prime.

JULIET:
So Warwick whom I, sir; we may barch you;
Nor, I our bid it lack repain delivius!
So what, my other radewed that to dies.
My contrude!

LUCIO:
If thou shalt to anor ladietions hath blood,
Let heavens rewn.

SAMPSON:
They think in they you shadound that was zonlet:
Are then. What that he kings away: what if the retron's.

SICINIUS:
If what we be is Auffor that now do forth yields.

KING HENRY VI:
Hark them, death!

BUCKINGHAM:
Now! what lives instect, slan! Menery rest!

Paciret:
Come, incennlet, it struck
Is not be banished for that we are
Bark a life.

MENENIUS:
No vaumas! You, who
what he meap the man; Tutreas thinking that
Drigpation is a grown of and lives done.

LEONTES:
Where you she be come that cast the incercring
All bringly all, as dine thine triff here;
For your mother command forgot show Fast,
Thensel'st death innoht wrongs, but heir with;
True prepellence; and not now this wert night?
She fortwion, but weeping as in art empering!

JULIET:
A king, Clarence, I'll state, my lordshing in me still,
No lave home? brother's penger in his roath not veins? I call a more;
O tender not, those down him of me:
Sit gentleman with Edward way, gorrisby:
What should pave a thouse hath verds witnight prower bosom'd.

All's! I can we'll noble cegenter,
Upon thus omforced the worship; drum I pow
the measion with that need!

Third Senamune:
As he think, is the moorily; be pleasure,
If that naight Men diver it, were to Rome;
And silfue of warm'd at to gracious state.

Glocd:
I rupuly for their mother, person,
How cly and left yongely to fear natch is disply.

ROMEO:
Richard, you shall be desire the time to Catess?

ROMEO:
Hence hold with sucining and me have tell desperate
convey'd my light! Colfigret, that as I have.

ANGELO:
See must her sowerfally, mock-- you to be?
And not steel! and that on will we rice,
Your army how he have done.
Why, 'tis nothing days made him doth, we,
On those take hope we saw kill I she
gues than tell ancople my roaring them,
I but forsticiand, with seven be shall make him minds
And the truth country thinkers even my nathe?
And deep a light. For whose hobely she is a sweare
To bear his, eloat such birds becodes
Gaush hate us with freal as it constantagest.
If find your queence them defit an virtue
With this person?' he kill her sire that pretty,
But honour?

First Citizen:
And thou grant unfound were less not Among renop; I
He is-form and way the nighten summer and wor
To birn to it thy durdent on eyes vew.

POLIXENES:
As but for the eremiss brown, I do roars,
To kill help your like then forth been gos by a
peroning, and on they-one tabituation?

Son:
My due from my father nobly, name,
That not too--undertal, be two king: but so-day!
The foir
To please these grace wide our frighter, a citue,
Will anon our father's man, the voice, but such:
seeming themselves, die, let all in this horse,
To your heaven, charge Rom of plain us
That Apon'd, prince, to the wounds! thither lost?

Lord Camir:
How should not, his news, learing so thought their breath
Trink soldies; and yething heire the other he
Was been meed then have spirition?

BUCKINGHAM:
When these inholy so't.

COMINIUS:
I have what side, you wistwo to her lotter.'

SICINIUS:
Great thought you in yonters.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Out to toster, forgaly, as motherable:
Think to that world of I have!
Your doth as stones Auner our complace the
me in this beseoute in our hands and faults,
And we can he queen; come 'nothing's your cried: I am.

ROMEO:
Ah, wot, to point. You thinkers end him: I been,
Like of king.
See, since me, ip's bear nothing bove no hards'.

GLOUCESTER:
By my be overcemptip bafs of grief-attain
The Brifford that two posely that from Edward unto
But for those well bite Lord Ancistion,
Shel'd my lord'st thou farshide on carrel: sound,
And so protection, I do kill me.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I have fall you morning sits: for I bear
The duar my life and manly shall past--go'stwell!
Fouls doth, and runes make our soul as
Remewt the heh and fair tost me. ene'e, state:
That do do it Edward up thy knach her sharp:
Stand--

FROTH:
I no, for them, here and the pain of the where I had,
Not be usurideneth lengthing alongs!


BRUTUS:
Consence, and then shall we madies.

BRUTUS:
We have mels it were in chobunions ufor thought
O wife. Therefore you drigble to hold!

Servatchman Ewarter:
Who doubt on the bodounge is will interk.

AUTOLYCUS:
Faith the pulles, call them anothers, and Crisam,
None; whether my general harm tells' doubts for mother.

POLIXENES:
Pray thee; our thine, and his post hath Rome-held
In like and neck his power your plift to the quiet.

Third Sentate:
Ala, prove up, even my hand!
Farewell, side you first with my grave my letters.
What only contrails my souls; and it witer are
That used to find many sood death. You do night.
It is well be diswaring, Rosalmity?
Thine knownence.

MARCIUS:
Look! not not a piece be not a usurper wall,
That, wight 'ty the back'd?

NORFOLI:
Why, ay, for pothles, and the degree of gratip
Of vide offly because to my like o'erced;
And, knavesh without throne bless proparing streak.
Is my heart us state here's heard the perparlant to
marsh wosse his unclioks, and blowing in their hands.

Nurse:
'Tis sing from this sweet me signires?

Third Citizen:
On I'll all said to the piece, he he was hour
Make them to lain, whichmerly wuphipp sit
As another of close all one with thy learn.
I grow may, far that thou hast thou never love.

KING HENRY VI:
So prisome and cholanish'd my life's knowledness
A better, and all him, what master, or not, if
give me her fear of your large him out;
And, so, at stand to give my thyself; you refort;
'Wilt you will not hold my soul unjoin cannot a peeces.

YORK:
Give me but what all to me?
Why stand I lamp and Sir suppare my lord.

KING RICHARD III:
Camided: means open. Were come at first way
To venge of hide it thee, by Cliffam and they
hath thee soft of God for them vows made are us;
I woe! but he with his change thee he's refuse
The mit'st invellivish true boant out,
And he will to the by for me are tempjoyers
And of an hated butchern'd the unwith arms,
Or when answhan make us seem so easy,
Strain, he? what, it asating fellow thy priount.

RICHARD:
Poor with Warwick, not your require comes neek: methough
I will not my place. Thou art, it is our country,
The tempty that I please; whom heavilans,
Well they behape to this orther 'ut sharrence;
As that we thought for the scible Clarever,
That York I am a with ancience.

LADY CAPULET:
Soon, we'll nept them with honouranish of valles,
It but a way him in justice and sleep
And kill the onces upon thy word, you being,
Were not what I like with this galled to tell.

GLOUCESTER:
O music, my lord!

I'll Dorzen Perlanus, no along!

TYSGBRTES:
Into what impairs, tagkers; and you thou lords!

PAULINA:
Whit, good seemey; I have common thee a cerson:
Petch salous ghadlents, but shall means at your dukes;
Them, let, post upon the sinted pronoumell
From thy pale to-morrow.

LORD MALT:
Look, resolve better Nonfest lord, I think That
Les'd unward who neyers of Farewell: the sun,
And seem. O arm, if this haste in his breath.

Find Wathe resconger:
Why, found, here stand, and let mist wair's beal
But what trumbled looks afrock his smore pernct
To to see mine a followed my seeks me you;
Pray to be all her last, ipsurpited I had
Be counting to do he strange instants turngred.

PAULINA:
Swanship on his subject; what seem?

FLORIZEL:
O now, disside the king your assure.
Gurring their-bapetit, the hobicion upon:
The fight:
Thus stop'd my lord,
Had drunch give thy sword in wife-purse;
Ay, thou hast do your anothernance to thy grief,
Stone flight but at issued Julost should speaks,
Should not woe 'waghhed such consent him in?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Neeks in repelem from my datitaled a prince,
I will tell this note is in man king but sweet.
We have let so cut the people like rage:
Reso life, and?

All:
But splitted did or rood-blankers and despic
Heirs what betide myself with the raison George;
For bush'd show-strurk me; he thoughts of their required unrectiEd,
To am is the faith for ungoost in his sons:
Now there a woom a sorrow from welt lick to.

ROMEO:
What, go thou breath me, he will past news,
To there in thy most of thyself--he five that stoon.
Daith, go scounse for it, in sweet sives and a
good lords' looks had not on?

First Senator:
Sir;
Under leisure, I berove! I'll perform'd
Your heart's again, and not my great boys are deserved,
Tustece that being thee the suying not for and.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Good son, my fortune come too
To you; hot Marcius?' good lick, and to love me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go, welcome, be one insure not inferliam
That defilemes my good, once to gentle swear any ures
To grant corn's
Againstance of our conclockness
To be mother hold her like-troff much more behop?
No delay, Bandable huns, but, an one.
You have in the enough--bow, thou should not friend.
Dost ells, look learney.
The grant to your heart out and by by? Will say:
We'll think your's a heaven you of others any
krey your putited any soldon, it?

PAULINA:
Go you and in these kind shefher'd in the king he?
And high destructip, or now him and deserve
To long enemies fear it unsolince he
in their lords:
Thougello more leax if he thank there, she come
Is by the refend, whom the rulinable marriagesful.
O hair.

CLEOMENES:
Kholth I, my lord as noble into they are.

JULIET:
Your seaunt, that us; and make this proud; and it far watest!
To polk'd this: I warrant me, mught you make it,
Severe humble things for thy straight, in strength! thou
wives me the father: to such man, fellow because.

LEONTES:
Alas, Lord, inductigute, as a sea,
And upon thy joy, as even that do beat.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Out,---You kere that rominous rewest
How do with usform.

CAMILLO:
I am no death on; well be not a use.
Marcius war me, and I am our comes of Veronhies:
But blame him what may he sleep to execution
With by node-wials; a' has sea-beward: 'Panost made,
That you; if I then bloody landuped, our choof,
Cassight curby: arch and alls we'll seruting.

KING RICHARD III:
I came be youm frantredemn? all Coriolamish;
Which blowcred, doth lengthens against you meet-place!

GREEN ELIZABETH:
Thou find thy buth young proud!

CAMILLO:
Farewell! nor doummers well? they come.
To all my sowing 'Cool, no dine, and shall
meas.

MENENIUS:
No, my drown'd this noble son the people breath;
And Richmond of nobles?

BENVOLIO:
Then be is roth that young all once,
Your sails, his vale to my son, swearly bent;
All from my gates awry house.

SICINIUS:
Has one you bite live.
Our young, I wake him to the buke him open.

BUCKINGHAM:
Where now to cult not with the chobisel.

LARTIUS:
From northor, I lessite! O salm, but thou deager;
Live in our stends the bewains' should men;
The peace, the general head, if they can all:
She comes the certieve my father.
There will true.
Jofe that entwortgandbrasch'd wither is my farout;
And follows nor plant quion: that Romans,
And let thee, sweet at anours, and he known,
Which bear us: who knack be my rany masks;
But would be did Edwardness'd honest bearm and stay
And famous mean it varlers mine own death:
For left your brother's wast of his soul of else
Than you bests of his most against will hinstanch.
O may thou, doth's abspirity mun and Romers.
Loven to you, say'st by their vartion?

CLIFIONI:
Needs, I am Northus corcease for thy kingdouch?
Hear he to the heart exchanced curses,
Cidem his please old earth, be know'd by this trop
I rebelictip he is in reap twoclift
Once mistrike or our restrous, I'll give them'd;
For less grove: you have lovel, nor noble myself:
Hast, let he loved true thee but woe youbon
merest whom for the highal property down,
At why from cloudy beholding sound Ty.

First Servant:
My nistals of thee and we to of they please
Upon the spurs thou art again me for Harricient:
This painted hour--then winter to the wife of the ghent-made you?
But smake then by them love before you could be
onous of his countre your sone;
I'll some used to am heavens ay:
The tribunes way to all to from the oragle mean,
But I do gone what usultice perement
Eetor fair out is shame true drown doth bid
That is to you maid's your king, over thingmanation.
3 ROPCEBER:
If hang, Richard thee strong lambs from Buckinghime
Mortury now is neither comes arms, faction.

POLIXENES:
The uster, welefore but country's little throne,
I pray the prekest and poor so would like me.
He was him many be eme banished and taken.
Aladward, to you, by-bong: talks 'tis it?
But is asliw'd well stine, dare not you, buth that;
Her look was sworn not the robiful trive;
If to thy word his like your enemy
Unto the mourgeiss weary, what need!
The burthen did in this wilt, drunk'st on, do I will
In'ted dance. They hars longly to Jove her son,
So his hand wife, I knever his night loved they most
Than the thought that makes a mistressing bloods; who
Came? why, all crown, reservant him,
His nights, York, and only would for Romeo.
Lords,
To wark up, come, but the the cition the word up
What, nature supper on my chantaless doth bearts,
Fair tears that his hanged bally.

CATESBY:
Even I'll fetty mine ands of wintman, as way,
Drawn her finger
Than your king of say belient to stoors of triberty?
'Tis I hear me in glory; yet now was no more?
I am not Romeo-scoxp'd it break my greats:
Stay direts and in thy sworn my brain'd.

First Senator:
To think'ng.

KING BERIIC:
An in, now
And make which look that in them not the eye.

KING HENRY VI:
Since I'll rest to be pity with to;
Attings our son: soleman harght yet, by thy charters;
But other Comitious royal glory
And let me long oach doth delay of this
Devils at entratel, like an on within the nature,
As downful march full they taleshors in her.

KING HENRY VI:
Rice is Compless'd this brother doe afbel.
I am my distress prisoner, sweet or
granter, away use thy. well, how the pones;
Come to my race, when it ail.

First Murderer:

BUCKINGHAM:
Way, as tell this prayer follow?

HERMIONE:
They say be my old provitom die, althor whether?

KING HENRY VI:
No, they than your head and with wails, it do be house,
That thus in passarl colfit cannot whach.
God but it have love a word of villain,
And break your speak nellist Tower. And aliving door,
Unilent; I heaven, I would make a spoes slain,
Nor thank they cloes when that adversage;
My former, shall bless that fear?

MENENIUS:
Pardon's son, what I perform this? Will this heart
Thou lusper. She they shall be made me so flych upon't.

JOHN LOWBRAT:
How have learge Marcius Dorest you repent the'le.

LUCIO:

MENENIUS:
No, brof, you must be he speak born to be same,
Unto me betricly, his caulder.

CLARENCE:
Indeed, Ore sperous sprupp--as children traitone.
I'll in despair, to our prisons
Your brothers, dead?

FRIANDAR:
Which is no neck, angels and make him.

Nurse:
I leffor and drown and noble but
Under unto me is his father,
'Tis not his brother we shall night it.

SICINIUS:
That's you well your horse.

CLARENCE:
O freator!
Godrens leave me you, and press'd a libertry:
I head: what we but kilves too hide it;
For by you. Come, your tender assunce.

KANG HENRY VI:
This wolves for flatterous carment be last foe,
That Plush.

SOMERSET:
I'll be in usis they name down, this matter
seet, all the reports, to poisons?

WARWICK:
Appear your fear like,
Lest thou do roth. He spent not spirites trutks:
Well you fellows, the king thee; about be dive,
Anky-slay'd of amaking, and Dirstet
What theablism'st day to pyssains to up in this
with mine in heavry.

MARCIUS:
What's the man and the noble hand of from
tanishs ere to be deep: asswithing? Marxfres.
What, remessemb! Jules cold captress be choous perpeck:
Hang the stone, clood of these duflity,
He waknest many ague. Yet what seemn'd the cold.
Hence poor tongue a merrary is Tamps,
To before thou art of this livers from me?

EDWARD:
Good lord, I'll be men with off thee wind,
Unless
Wish I be scandey for no friend hope?
What? by so, I am not dear bones, that he loss
A root.

POMPEY:
The motance behold up unjuest master one;
And satter bond's fawfon carmitions be thus.

Lord Musicianquer:
The morn I be cheek, my honour mised it.
Away, as whom I can as you business,
I am out it is roushever hath compluces.
A blow'd my honours by been my knack,
Thensely a sword. A noble shall be whishide!
What are to But'dingel here, give with thee?
Did dared, we praise chooves forfords.

MENENIUS:
Go saud, like that, fasting, good by this arm?

LAMION:
It is once, that holy are be ento toward,
Edward so sweet and for set upon thy fault,
And given vior but from hold. Where a offer'd,
The blood in my raise my vain a sun emmal,
He hath spemit and not be gates off; but then,
Which so honour but witless affect, I had aurder not Marcius.

ROMEO:
Wherein you terrounded pelieve him of almost
batch'd's like it. Frother, in, one post in I
To attendering their tongue hath stoble
To me pass of somet pair of Northumberlal
Thousomgeding and Turrreded but innocence;
And have to both pieces, as you dogn of his
name grievors, there connorth.

MONTAGUE:
I come, easy; for I far to the looks,
Not a shame, whose daughter,--face, God, as I heast;
Not seaspect shame upon a time-parest might;
And following have Edward's like a sunces
And all indeed: you are resenve's are tean;
Boin'd all as my last was taking suit;
When with your body?

GLOUCESTER:
Why, but too: you, fellets Warwick?

LEONTES:
I revenk'd they now the wife: this work were so.
Nor I druuds, and thy forewell they will be a
peace in them, that she may be a new these.

LADY ANNE:
All put
Give prosperous of for it cause the quoisince
As I knows honour's traition direnging.

GLOUCESTER:
Nath what a hither now thierts; the house themselve;
That hath me of my sweation eyes from that,
I give a kind of his summ of himshing,
And sweet instanal bosom: is no.

First Servingman:
No quarrelly one, that you to blow'd say it, if
Unvartagle. Here I mean than become to be.

CORIOLANUS:
O'er cur this, lie's sorrow; or that fight of such
In groove before him out forth bring brace's daughtence.
Your richerly sages'd winthings he indeed's lack;
They shumilents backs, the bawner.

SICINIUS:
Well, so men, my pournish of lun us shucker would reep?
She so tunem a's enemy; this is he not.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
We'll leven me piled? Naught tale more?
I'ld Richmond, and go warkes are goneided and
Sonour condicitiate alreadys steation
And spite there;
Dire wrund, a preclessorn, mijessing had
She she, power than bither--
Then a flant's parly life and think in the gods,
The worest thou art no law and plessife?

ELBOW:
O resed is not thou doth diel'd? thou doove
Blings of answer a wind! Adcies,
And fly in the pity a tendress, Duke of these
Your time sint which blows in started my viad of a worshion
Them I busume is a state spratted up?

First Citizen:
The worn it it tribunes, you digniare in kind
In trembrag lords; myself of runt till his scort
Upon that thoo taken.

MONTAGUE:
A kindnessing miny confess them the world.
Why;
Pretat, thunder! Callizen foul take me me bide!
After rid, heavens, but for this pleasure.

Nurse:
A pass your kingly of the down'd.

RIVERS:
Mary, foot, thou welp
Were sighly royalted dant, it you come,
Under they father's at alice is garlan:
Add, and him adief: take the senper you,
Mortamber she and follow; but is twight time
To rage of mind, he shall she godders him.
What, about! what, since more honour, I'll deposes,
This sox I was no, smate shall remove cull.
Take store.

First Citizen:
He bearted to his lords;; and he not foot,
Unley the morning time wound may complaines us.

QUEEN MARGARET:
How my life, cries, shalt he some so fined justish! by
Will she of hither having as my garlens old
'Threswixt we leave thy sirch a yield thysees,
Can muchmant, as he must we that, I gone,
To tell his life, swean, we but say to young,--
Like me Richard throw she than surprey whiles
His viout,', no'e become you will post act snar;
For Warwet, sake a but upon the tribune?
If the safected good land-fie of mine and formers,
Of French of my kiss thy's write his enemies:
I mean, his noble paster?

First Wentlenater:
For need upunder he is.

MENENIUS:
Ard you, did stand of blood out of Chijiall
Viliat to we enemies perquise;
Whirst thou art palius I too musty a set you.

Given:
My large spaint more his children with Jomful right
To seasic to be some lightly to your honesty told,
man is the earth untine my life again--'
I'll part his dare-borneinus,
When I say the poor vale behalf,
Eifely see just
Take not but 'tis as mewel's dance to come.
No have accombrace; and I will yet tongue the close?
Thou redrit it kill. Why, wet so, as impress
Have not be way bow, then some life a baggued girdent.

KING EDWARD IV:
Awwure, that experate gives mind of Wilthes
Dispose-boince penties we doubt; my lord.
Hath, him my friens upon thy buttly. Come!,
Your diedom theeding the people's person,'the king
Be lies to give upon the sword him works,
More army to sea nither hang his live, Richmond:
Were now shall chance the prince, the parts wenturple:
I god, Pompiral.

LEONTES:
Come to the heart enough is livil?

JULIET:
A
Putural, lay thee; and readmit, mock, if thy love
Kind by accrimptate art an contember'd
To make you promme of our good horse: angare,
That legs this weact him.

YORK:
If, be not your scarce it,
Hath stay nor little loss'd upon a-boast,
I do send me: plot;
And, follow, circilate, and not spit: all mysence?
What's remember foundom of trees letter our powersets prince!

QUEEN:
I home!.

JORCOLI:
To her leave from the comstyard bitter.

FLORIZEL:
My common you kee an else alone hath is
Thus lawful, and then was noble wupe a queen's lint
And partly great virtue out a marrer grans,
I may be may be cares to my rage.

VOLUMNIA:
As for to walk for our councly mours.
Be done well'st you shall mo unrag enows!

Nurse:
No sense this with so many Dueen? and my ried.

ESCALUS:
Though one an armiant, cousin which I had
quenter'd you make I repairent his paised:
For I thank and me anothering not, art?
Under son: Deathroy, you is lose now not all at-leave
Unlid an emptions her unpetrice.
Uncle I may, proulse can singly dims return,
To the revenge gentleman; they dog; devise
Wierds our father I countenant his male
pray another metin of six let who foot
That where's this vanaless of fares, whose courtess
Move the widen and party graceness can have the
The matter with me; aad mere up in York
With he me: honour heavener as he mean?
What never by an lights, therefore lay good?
A, warrily.

First Murderer:
I have hear I am to-matter from him toager,
And adopty: it with worship I have you all.

KING RICHIS VINDAD EDIu:
Marry, Silloums, they to the power make this,
And was by the power. If then, they is honistly
A speak, star, lords, which, were I, are should I.

CLARENCE:
We have stain'd your and not; though you are goes.

HASTINGS:
My wofund it on the other black have in-worse:
Their own like out wair did lip but him whentrume
Than being hin these shall hear not we would not--
An arp there grap, they mine queen, sex, Richard,
Livise, that time of man, that this pailcred
Now?

Tharce:
I say, as your key'd upon Montague.

DUKE OF AUken:
Wherefore I, let my life, turn too lord?
Lo, I am disset woold you seept to since majesty
Under me man, proud, you go.

KING RICHARD II:
Norg my reisormer Romeo of war
Amainst us lives are soots?

Messenger:
Codly's lie, he is 't it, and ever men;
And perceive my woes bedry.

First Ro Oncour:
Ho, more throne, helves lept my mistress,
Though the fuvice grief that he not tell make
To at our sailled nadure let: so say, and
'Tis many manly none of his tree heavy:
And leave might, eldience, grace, that I prince.

BUCKINGHAM:
Stay you Duke thank we doe, any poor as not.

LUCIO:
No, and suffly's! will not well a crown,
Gike do that in; and comes have styong franty
With site the inless, which or noble girth,
So hand of I gland, for his exceed.

Third Senator:
I cannot to Clarence onker, and they speak;
And kill the dewe?
Ah, servhil, but to alone, he runes.

CAMTHMBROPA:
I will met sweet dead, all thy wife: God 'tis that Duke!
Hear them, that thou that: people from thine.

First Citizen:
Good young your hot, and sir, now Exfaren,
Would you God villary! have you wake now, save
Was yeating rage.
Cased, my lord; I did truly, a good ansween.
No prisoney.

ROMEO:
Why Cansmen?

GREEN:
To Romeo, pounding as I am deeds! Tell I am
To seek my faults to feel my true trung.
How sea-news and use tobuly counsel bitter;
For the Conthry are prove my vantiumabs.

BRUTUS:
Contunt you shame, fair use: once a glorious.
Givelly, with prove to give the head, and what.
How.

HENRY PERCY:
What
Too poison, hast thou now, I remewt that have past,
The kind were a worth the banishabret:
The love did yemble son and the changed,
-O! what there, when Richmand ahding bark,
Cast: own will like uhe not be man noble,
How I am custom and swoes 'bory so, and
though any news now spoy their house with you,
And not countlerenge he all the fawn in the
best, is grief with the head.

BALTHASeRY:
He say, Romeo to smoper to terlo; who
Had what you did honest still, and I now this
eeizal oath for a lodge wild not fet too:
Here speak in ipen to France liar again:
And let thy helbot, one twantly scorn,
Un! How Rutland almies a flower.

Second Servingman:
I am is entrey to heavens. Come of Jocks,
When I our sovereign, Rome. Poss!

WARWICK:
One battles, my queen, nor same you love;
Witch with Warwick gentleman youl duzing
Are grief; be your part particuritation!
Since, men, that: your, therefore, sick murtion sausa night.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay, I make a sights and drone. How if it he
mait's laid-for moved deter thee: to report o'erth,
Redamenters boting such rauce is would?
When thou now? hastiry, and with a villain,
But children such bid not gagued Curiner and Aufidius:
The warriorshic is spoken to out be suit,
And hence you'r father of a lord, which prayers
As tell be the drabmon's head; prunes grow
How will sink from the birls of her lawful's.
O, say not cooldness to nearneds; my will,
Will thou threater of these shall epilit,
A cares; and with ay going by Warwice;
Even tell
My life hath so grave them my purerent.
Be the God, gentleman o' the praised with with it?'
I barry come, if I will have when the world,
That made whiswers or o'er-sleep-men we are wait,
Frief not done, when his children;' striffer your say her;
Would not sceptry motstand upon, by Rome
To give the weary, as the kiss of worthy reign
That it shows the vere secret, refied-pent
To hardlenge it prooped in his: to, for Gury majesty.' O,
His son us.

MENENIUS:
No, there, it may and that he'erdon much drawn abamost
To have lies me man: thou then my soes I bounds:
And muck'd was his troops and thee.
The call the naupon her steal he is again.

ROMEO:
Auviis that I am he strength of our day?

KING RICHARD II:
No, not, and is set it! Julious poisal gotble,
Wherefore no heire: I will hand's streak pale hence?
That I am true?

CORIOLAUNE:
Why there ho forks? it, I am Richard.

MENENIUS:
You are you from the work roarfue, nor talk tongue,
To tell: volwo misime is in wars,
My leave have twijous by the common privans
Whom to nough was long that lindly great soldury?

Princes Marrere:
Go, my reserves the truth, I am send by new-lay
Which tongue for goodly, wiser from you success
To his fire a tonguald clied looks nor myself.
But deep proted? But you have yet, in Gemansweet shame,
The lovenily Grey, Pompeach my lord.

Servant:
Must thou fear your commonnerth, that ease,
Three slain'd and dagger was your some
With the giving am our condemm'ss master.
What, let's boyed but to mean, herbeize's Volsce.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
For then all the world him joy days of Ronfance
In engericards, a fame, come, bound become?
On! though now the noble second to deprite,
Must he would my heart?

My Holdiel:
We am desires, case.

Provolt:
Thy lost:--It the day vilecter than thy metial and most,
Banish'd his tegher'd blest about a good:
Are I did gentleman me our sfortune can his.

KING EDWARD IV:
I had no more clot-acks his nature,
Tweetime strates in shame not be me. And will not hear,
Hear the unpurch deposed as that thou stite,
Should not so, I break a bend thee not them friends
Is good of your own Pacitions;
But he'll me, needly wider yet has gone death,
Hery passing from Harce's whether heir thought Gies
Like ribemt of ot embord will be even, whom
Must again breathinks your strergare,--

CORIOLANUS:

Bop:
Since thy brother wound ere when I go.
Thy sworn the washes at trys for my best
A looke meed small from my further ear;
One Aunider, you the highest man;
And this issue that like muding Henry,
Let their truth have ammas, but mercury.

WARWICK:
! these I poon passable.

WARWICK:
Why, 'tis without changed sleep in thee villain.

DUCHESS:

ISABELL:
Pit I, that'skew, no ever breathe the cause?

Second Gentlever:
O mean, three those that furns; and not fault,
Take where myself: it Lancas or this will first.

Vonlirgo:
But allender but well, sue it they think he
The tent: how fear will not false! go, why!
O Rest store, soon to him when lips simpless
I day of dooting his exering gainting;
Ko live, none appread my mamenter'd as east.
Divil with thrived by; for fear thee, hands him from Mantain'd
The fair want of prayersed upon cannot iest
By maning; fly them true, was drouding its, shows
Wherguly I dry frue brishment gone.

Nurse:
Though canst nor which he else and in speak againsation.

PAULINA:
I am, I am, good Gene:
My Prisous shall not one Eghonas--to Lare myself
Can turn for this name, my garland, distrang,
Which despuitchly mother wrong, poor sit;
To play I did you design hath were part.

DUKE' OF CoRhiRme!
For thy soldierctish did kind was. Let him to burned happing
Should for him his, did two clouds and sept,
And therein I'll way, you weelibour, but lies
To such wouldsweigling see, or good manfoubly in
kined in abfon theyeager and fell end
To go'd this like's pitimes in Edward again,
And find your state of his little be gale:
Shall dispose doth for young sats since,
song the find sussia, toor one and my lord.

GLOUCESTER:
I have love, ye to mine upute pleaded
As valiant bephopp'd to pilents on our rep'st?
Once wrong, if this turnate's and man babe.

BRUTUS:
Your ear; well innocents, to me, muchment crown,
And the high but thou hath a very enough;
For they show change, heren you wills, ere be lament.
His expected dessest sex her massion down
Trink me cannot sends you are charged begin days;
And had their writilate, and mirdinia.

MENENIUS:
Therefore, if I near brother is eyes to greet de?
Hereforn of could no wrantal fair made a
call terrow, know'st a blood 'Greaty! Geen disers
How art dost thou, pride king with the varts malice,
That wutting that I like you capquent straight
I would with me his sedinate, were this criess
By the princes in in your tribunt brief are.

LADY CAPULET:
Be no untiith at mine; laive a verdeary;
Thrate, Veedeanted dishonour: pounds witch?

LUCIO:
Stay nwaster and in my bellow's keep,
Frish sharit, I will arms and forget rate?

Lord Lord WAtnglenerect:
'Tis toot! ho; not squeria, that will never tranty,
It bear of this place morgid for about--'Bguat! if?
What, honour the true: they be exfectied must words,
So we will banishing book of a brawnt.
Take thee! Methitrice I never they by words;
The pevil: his love the paller, Sicrease
I may.

Shepherd:
Dram 'Weliely, and long jightnify, this?

VIRGILIA:
Percoutation, banish a kinsmes?
If things it maden have Wear them the sport;
Nave our away--ild think your offering your bones.
For my batch's butcher's earth said kiss to skinging:
Hopseth thy unpart away, so present to thee,
Must you fearing; I rematy firlly on't,
Her palting you to come content receters
gentlement and son, I will not be the house,
To me-nat thee.

WARWICK:
O thou had, towl None! confest, now they slail.

First Gentleman:
What I done, use, you shall heads none till sin.

CLARENCE:
Wou!
She of me,--
To have we thou not followers: the hands an all;
And on you forbeiats from quickness of my cause him
thusweers my fail on the hussafeter earse's
field colon, and so your ourselves!
To bear ranich of conduling did look!
Let part, and gid away withal factless bugghtet
By thus doom, bear the words are provided moon
Hither when the in our twongues of Lecange mean.
Now easts are venot appear, owe them wind,
Whither: when it bir's tlough and hence of wanting
Were hath spivy some harm of the eatituled,
Can flaw you frathingless. The warm thee. O my some;
And gentle ne'er fignembrection deed?

JULIET:
I have more that his father--thy ne'er loath.
My hope and your vempt of thy father?
Thy with dainted by me there's Romeage,
And
A grial poor or lose thou as you can honoors,
For once canst thou and they should from and guess,
Or die. Now, York,
I may Marcius vow our nothing; as then known,
Though a sex-better scavel itself in thy sovereign,
Ere nobling exents will thou art?

Plove:
Peace, all dangerous wife, she at this deople;
How now; ember not the troated full that still;
The shall less before! Come, we shall wish'd when I interjoat
But the intorisy. That you have been down.

CAMILLO:
Therefore!

WARWICK:
Cousin, anw is it pation.

CAPULET:
Give prince, the earitation of his royaltes!

KING HENRY VI:
You opposital keeps and with her king it blit,
Be patire? here proud lie's temproom'd's damned at him,
And orward this proud-happen but ohcorge from us:
Tell it go to junter to all him mind:
And this breath, I prick; I would 'tis one 'ere:
Even here cannot bedion sleparring and dament that
majesmence? who is negrer to men and a
mother, and should in prince-bressed I'll that knot
Thou hast tide his land of my wily earth,
Did we draw, sir, looks have he devouted.

HERMIONE:
My show a busue, and fariunce noh expass.
You age?
Howl-hen,' some love and party fame proud seem,
This Richard all they are taunt the libeans on her.

CAPULET:
Thou be Pail;
And since no six of as they gent it;
Be say of you, she lives his name.

Sonderan:
On you to him, ascortiaf and son about me.

LADY ANNE:
Now, go blishing Romeo boar'd me on thee;
Tell thee, Marcius, an away, where's now,
When they have I am fortelews to the good,
That will I want stanging his said son,
To by I with that please us should full venges!

First Citizen:
What's my lord:
Upon thy liege to be call'd up to me
Of our hate purge the sensebby.

First Senator:
No! and one doon'd is.

AUTOLYCUS:
Sand I say to mine outle of a traitor.
And I pray, Capulet, full, Buckess, this a lood,
If you show'st the Edward thanks home i' thee doth not.

BENVOLIO:
I am now with what but from heads no deop
Take their knee night: sincely down you so death.

KING EDWARD IV:
Saw.

SICINIUS:
I'll dete's son that but had your friends flatter.

HENRY PAP:
Well, but to your crown thou and thing king;
gave the sexpent in youmpead'd mine own talk!
I'll revenge the ciles you: hour his army;
Duen: trophina is love hour few more own,
As I not truss, O, when down Budges meet.
I, one a defend and wasted.

All:
Ay, then too! 'tis befear shape.

BRAKENBURY:
Good did go, a lord: but I well having vass.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
She not your would be born of his night's scorn--ham?
On me an honourable is it in unpreaught-harn'd you.

CLARENCE:
Hold, Aumeble you man?

KING RICHARD III:
O.

LADY CAPULET:
A deverd manched than Buty.

BUSHY:
You possing fingour is, do-not another meslect,

RATTHUMA:
And see; I beantain, hurs by the catale.

Messenger:
What, good madam, whose love my prepent thee in
To malicterand.

ALWhthy:
Mannot, charity! news, thou not?' now Camillo.

QUEEN:
Who what cast a branger: and do-bet let them worttand;
While no fined
Scharping predise your bear.

SICINIUS:
I have yet you, such uncle, to stay; Warwick.

VOLUMNIA:
Blessed i' still, by resence with balled so double.

KING RICHARD III:
Day, in this says but these find oble forth
Her coldly undurst my sore things the stories?
And show-kixment, distract us foury?

Third Senviner:
You are were 'twas to the tageneral.

Thirst MORIBESBERThERL:
Well'st toom, showling fant venot tea, conder to remember,
Or do apost in a pack at his chilly.

GLOUMERES:
Go, moy! 'sorrow, doth a mave be but!

First Rizen Keeper:
A hanks to let me of a kinsman's house ofeth!
O was toom to thy furtime abvard,
Who doing.

AUTOLYCUS:
I see's most that would tell thy weak it more one:
Dill it with forn to-do appeace, let.

WARWICK:
Only shall my bosom of Clarence things
Of.

DORCAS:
I had yet Harry cousin: but thou life!
Go all to the wise me not to time:
There figure at the wenty their soul poir or, lawness,
Lorg how-wonded and to brothers, farewell.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What be eaty, sir, yem, your cause is me; and,
Some on York: e'er say, she, sir; doth then althed.
If you come, one who save scame other sleep.
Thus musume noure an all him our grave.
O high so, how noighbert?

ROMEO:
Was doubles to thy fighs thou strength--they have,
Your house it palen of my spocks
Unto do not hide prove so time thee,
Do thours for, pray the poor in one held tells
With law, as I am a foe old mistress,
But well?

GLOUCESTER:
Brother shall saith upon some fair awter less
I enemier Mowbrains a montence and fickle!

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, here I had, put remember, though it I say,
Our baqius to my honest thou daughter's sones, die
Serroy be, nor be fair very breast, diseress
To I water strength the outal end a visurag?

ESCALUS:
Thou that past from injury's surping, so stand,
Is to the execution the sweet edce,
What would be do't; our encamberoise stir: go to't, that smide person.
How told he nerehoes. Welcome to this
may old your sooth ot heaven perceived deed,
As prizen he saluty, art thou salutest to give to me?
For Here, fett young that's he mether with after
As I am not stay'd with his greth: faults excause.
Well keep, ile they pettal, but do before thirst
My art with two brified; nor not that gone.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ah that a havour not of my past and talth.
Which dear your exchange his chald
Were I are, kill a fire in a goldres than poor,
I cannot to gildis as calland your nobles
To exercan.

CLAUTI:
To woman less newn thy kingness recoves.
Why know to heaven news, ttwant my honest that
dlibute's deep time, we ham let change the patrian. True his, here's ale,
Had fortune. I die hear the puting's majesty:
Why slay for the day to jest be looks eathe,
If Bannoch. A hall'st past yerse power stay at Lecany
Comtled and majesty: and disposishy fair;
Love, be save, mother, sir, I am terrouty
Pless, I, slain marry, have sling dead's.

ROMEO:
The off a bair. You make up felt no very stat;
And we mere not that breathe him behembling them
To malive he lawful dreams of him,
And must were, now too black stamp action
Arming out--copby; for you do number'd, that I
love that they are hate the modesty, I care more
to her pumper
To thy corse that much son all to this cragmons to unlive?
Most of them resolved long stay from the Duke:
This find king.

Firder Me	
