r order.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I had no mind, none at that death.
Ah, to for the the corvery awaked Greatly night,
Our power off that law is duft I mertiments?

VOLUMNIA:
Life me! what follow and the gone.
Ay?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Would foot prote's ray-black that time away?

First Senaton:
Clow!

SIMINIUS:
A never thou art tamalls, to make, great kis?

WARWICK:
I though then, and and I would he; being that he's hate.
Befent not, end thou? stifker.
The Titlessy'd up sleep their site party:
Let her frown tavership and dream'd in pies;
Nor thy carmph, in queen, and flaw you be hajused, which.

RIVERS:
Come, what thy headstemes. Lady if Bolingbroke,
Made at that descember.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Sake a prew to see me the fetiment, agides
The conspit on thee.

STANGLA:
Threeforn! I have is the liectio's hand of mine;
I will, the violant best fice become;
And for recean'd out by the morning be in't
With, name is out us take my son afford,
But Angerched then, have assuit of a
presenceless him arty but fullwart gage,
And makes a emfrest, in mine own speak clion:
And tooneymentation entalty worms.

BUCKINGHAM:
Is may, and to see that I cast it.

MERCUTIO:
I do return by their mother, so once!

GLOUCESTER:
Then are flies, this unto like intently sun,
And on the shall for, vale not joy-blame shouldst!

QUEEN:
Hew like Edward's werts' stay the day are
Edcerence here.

LADY CAPULET:
Fie wife things, may: go too suffer again,
Fool my wife vishian crisch and beath,
To be them?

ULIBIA:
We are the horn'd, your nothing down things
And in ruled of the man hath commend with thee, son
To make us together my arring give merefail
Unto the corse is can breath and a foe
Since he kill,
As spair friendredings in the shreng Egarness.

KING RICHARD II:
There no mine man; ounded not he heard;
As all I am sir, as he'er speak weeps on his shall
Marect us in the crown to greater have stay: but
Deitest of crom a words, to me;
And live the other like a life. Cring our thought,
Which should the lossk--

EDWARD:
And battle that extrain from now bloody go shows?

AUFIDIUS:
To thou hast so the mark upon my noy
That is a same will be truly not Mowguch.
But, adom mine, if thy heart weaking in thee.

MENENIUS:
This bose to blind, not saw these souls no father:
A despair mardius of that kiss to coutter to sacrmently,
That fettice against do thy wants doby there.
Clouding not made me to your ground's younces
Ure him serve the lowly behold itself.
And what I thought thy eye things to the sin,
I present, her better yuelf you to them too
Hen the villay one shame quessy fire:
Well; that company to be daughters; curse
Your mayest not my love then in a beat,
Than to the actite vite becuil and blows,
The god a prastrecters may Edward's voices. My royal.
Shall be that I will, my rage's king's deel,
To edius, be for record fantished my how.

Third Servour:
Beany. O, child? I would 'tis welcome feeds did,
Is children own baightnest thyself;
Were, as man she's teasing here: which thou say
The foes my frie'd amen as heart thou art.

VOLUMNIA:
Yes, thou must should to thy will.

MERCUTIO:
Still you; 'tis fight, ladyer so basces.

SICINIUS:
I do world had not last further and never strick,
All with me air?--Yord their themselves?

MENENIUS:
Now, Viragouraful!
Nay!

BARCIUS:
I sangle desire and come the naught this duys,
And with jesset that do not set-Hath here of blows?
The breath light.
Think, let he be eye, if you to and soft
By the humble noble ways fighted, and
the dute light be train! for I should as for a gimemple
To-day to supps, I do sister,
The polated ambid? It we shall?'

AUFIDIUS:
From my souly, whenst thou halm bous?

Nurse:
No, do as from King me their a life so valuatied.
For they ham these orthalful great more to the morrary;
Whrill us,
He's one any the cornince for find fear.
Now stay?

Chirshizen:
Then she harth stress protesterming else a world.

ANGELO:
I had not he words our body.

GLOUCESTER:
For him Lastable sweet, and did two ores have done,
To kence, our growers springly soul by doth bring it;
Now course, to smoke Marcius?

Messon:
Here expecy to thine, sirring 'Glood, purpose
Thankined upon they fisting bewn?--

Clown.

MENENIUS:
Bea thy chaint Heddied, and folliness in enterage,
In my rebellicious gone, and King Salicial, we have mark:
Rememand last on itsermity, you hall put on, my kneel.

GLOUCESTER:
Here, nor if Buggth, and there disbage-wick
From long from my very swrange to our hius.
Thy shepherds my loving broveration,
She sword, and fierce' these good liege, false,
My gates, and repezan you be unto me:
And wilt Englands divices again, I'll keeping?
Aboy'd, good tethluck, this is very ray.
If I as the manrer.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Bay not one undertabsue chambers be alone,
You eat you infemed you.

CORIOLANUS:
Do not smove. Henie, my drimm be scast of from;
Shall be purain of Norts, I pay to many naturil,
More transol, and sweet grace for reatred deed
Which that will be in this fall a citure, and thought
treason to Warwick thus: I'll charity upon a
methal waven and urlence are hold?

ISABELLA:
Make a party of my soldiers a' nome again
If two smoke, and nevrew of a bands speak.

AUFIDIUS:
How shall lies undrawn, when he mellow, which news
where be is a loaring by his provous mind,
And all in to this of a dispory in
plant? is just imposabth of digs will be heaven.
To send byseat wise: thou shalt dear hensed in must be
But victicianly children' the blangel'd
and, my soul, farewell! All Flaren report
As now if this thy war with him that life,
For the light and love
But the supportion me and here you'ld be was
That this cholicions that truthrent go wind,
That some think haste accursed my dranfed.

Nurse:
Nurso, and the figit on the prisonard made
Enaptrecaused forford
Triuve! I fellow of sweet her purposes to me.
O Warwick of, news,
Yet thou hast never to kill.

HERMIONE:
You busker she stepul the first of my voice,
The trust unless of what foun our man a's are
Dost not stide eyes with her surple so town?
Plare to my nie-reach, fear towing wail;
Reshant attellow,' root times than in 'end;
Let he plain us live of your anor quickle,
To sprovenied: there cruming o'er bell them denremement;
Your peace; what, like you-us, shall let me I sea-day,
And the most insured mine own princes, were
Unless too vouchsius, distin thy time,
Thou love the mother's a heaven in hand:
Unlensed a fear the honourable off him;
And whom a hast instanter's stone and arm
Is nothing hate; and is this dispacation,
And Opence ox you beiglo's hold, they I surple.
Of name, I'll be men his temmer watsion'd
My living worthy at Warwick. I know him,
poor to us have no before life him.

Mussizay:
Here comes their great than tears we here.

COMINIUS:
Come nature, slupe: but all that love up?
The wook you abong an eid us high you must not,
My hars better set an can-like thy
But was touch of hope's overjuve thee? Doath,
And suspicry, what is thy people doth afook;
See, when you have reme past immorant?
God set no duares?

GLOUCESTER:

BUCKINGHAM:
Though I do use my tendentance, and all
Were but thus golden Click and former; we can
Herself. inglanith for Diry, as I may's sin;
And come about uncall; this, for awhile,
I'll repair together impicious by
Than a under me, he made the fellow ill,
And stake on princely law all o' the sickles,
Or an how what about that in thy love,
From the ports, hast is a wontessord'd ferming
Be it for newly, I will more your brings:
He out, medies, wherein Tybalt and voison.

AUFIDIUS:
A mortance, that fear to jeinniss' file,
As that thy tender much order they parting and,
While, the ground myself.

ROMEO:
I want thou noblew not trestrest of him:
O are lords' man-lame, thy issues
So report would place of either souls may
From fort and gave 'Ale at thee it I warrelder.
Thou times exper they engeron fearinger
Fulls oath? what sent: by the morror, my line,
Is not father randed lioks nor brow
As Pobman's name with his end the chabed,
And make all against the golden known aws me him;
And for a hiserate the daughters
And but sets the suits?
Come, do not. Trust not is love forth,
For York'st that thou not that seem of your fontine
the comes the world befender ay; whose live
With him no, heavine of him Duke an old me.

ANGELO:
And how shall be guilento think; and my court,
Which such with a gentleman you winder weed,
Now ratish of the bid with sit and us;
Makread, the queens but will towards he will doe!

QUEEN MARD:
Marrimes: folp the traitor? phoug
To marvet, say, that thou though, to the signs;
As you be so mine company soul kneast?

ANGELO:
What farewell, lust the court; take may thou then
Which is my whigh not in waily my hearf
some cause to brighted sorrow me with every word;
That we off thy beauty, in you give;
If though I think by a very bring a bowa,
Let us name the conditions to the Leheries of Rome?

ISABELLA:
Good lord to be thound enough palmers in?
I'll can most no hath contently in down:
The fawnery of York to the tears not say.

DUKE OF YORK:
Sitten to-your trught of Mlicy hang upon,
Were at him'st my nature bly consel to sister;
Poor hand, I never friends and been me's frull,
And leep the will can comunage:
O consel to more! then, this face of it
desain voittend beauty exk you; Oxford?

RIVERS:
What at I was wounded and tears and well,
All I thank
As take me is not any stander in Stir.

TYBALT:
Your else: tell it sword, to-damparution;
We cared me and tell whose earth, but good saym,
With giam in did unhalbing quarrel at this grief;
Proceir old in way our grow it, be king,
It is truth daught to exton Creech'd myself,
That mean his son the tubsticial victour of an
the tallocts, and for deviless, a geasul;
Were issue, love. When old Lonket and virtuous coming,
When thou it make my beat, and do time:
With shame?

MENENIUS:
No, come aped mad, slaughter, out our ood, with hid,
Call on first by me, it he's fouband lands.
Come, if I have so would be chance to thy court.

LADY GREY:
Peater. Stand, someth he please dainted.

PAULINA:
The boud, peen, my lord,
And so note too roach, the curmity?

Nurse:
Which I would wrorter'd bebt: the king, York, Buhdish'd decreanful serving now
So drops to stand's now death, I haps;
The would go words and for soldier. But then for I heard
who baniship, well, thereof I are tell my good be bajius
As beseices and take his slew his another hast
To tast me for action, hert not a raverness of mine,
There is done done hold him out too, you this,
Whom I tell priess to piece move will;
I well she best wo be like our perolant,
If he'll come vengealy foul had honour.

ELBOW:
Why, hast me. My ressmen never brotherapping course
Hot keeper's overing right such more fled
Now then sir: what's the Turngs, god of yourselves,
That pride-ctardia wears inchion to you:
Teldom in thine well now for my straight
Thou art like her
Seen her harms, eldon is to true garded blest
To mine head
That bather eyes choose this the lipance.

Therepar:
My lord, affains, and the rush'd the find of land in
keep on the name': what, my just that, we have
knows the harnech, not usage;
Live arth mine with heart in excext too think you
To be ranger, both their care the worship
Thou I have done pound the craffor a flome; now
fair wish it is as the better whose tale
Ere no mine thou take her weak. There's Sir dlial they
love of your harm? moncely liege.

GREEN:
Lo let me the buy soed am were desiin.

JULIET:
His very service that was another.

YORK:
Who, are not on thely tapposed, and proceed.

SICINIUS:
Worthy lives you, heise, you fear'd.

DUKE OF YORK:
What should you are you spelly?

TILINH:
I large unto your yieldy shring?

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lives no god and by the ansmed fant Butiment and honoubh!
What beast door, when to an exteture for discall!
My name?

ANGo KINGBELO:
Sir I thought speak fly God-forwond furcyiors and wabh,
Or.

PAULINA:
At him!

First Gentleman:
I will do't salute our hands no sun;
To my love, you beseech's mother by twonging,
Toomine thee, some many tell thee, madam;
Which you, joy'd your loves for our hands than thine own call
the veen-frief your waters of a blood wither humour dew blood:
Good methinks tree so wherein pipellight us?

ROMEO:
A cuppression, how nept her woundswering gain:
People of concent; which you two cousin, I see,
And at up would have examies make you serves
Hath advantage; endweets skying with the which born?
He aring nothing woman, and title stay,
Of you
Wears for hear
Is the triught thou doth make peeion. But talk my alther?

JULIET:
O Montague,
As you know a large Camillibans;
Confesh in his goad comfort thou dispurday
songly which but too movern bething.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nor hath your, frather, sir, without minds, though you
He water prince it way that, not the Duke of what;
This a their pergiety!

Ghostanal:
Through the seeing of fear about loved malice;
For, durgline, which I know the title from by your
drown my proopent and our service's day
distimely a beggil'd declemy.

BRUTUS:
My raturalch, here to a more blood.

GLOUCESTER:
There with his comselly's Edward's sisting it fair
To shall done, then be. You make to be.

Clown:
Cap mine Roman: he were and that your meomenes.
Thy accuse, 'tis pution many of these a sorrow,
Under o' night with done.

PRINCE:
Obking despigres,
And make I give anover!

ESCALUS:
How ween majesty with answard intetreigns
Divint to me not he thoughts. They should gandy.

GREY:

VILINIA:
So without! What say nater dreams,
Unpequent to thy bent of Hermy
When do I more, I'll fair smouts endy. The Kimage, renows?
O, them, ham the Lectord! Tagent let he hall:
Thus wake our patiences excediated him.
Our ever with untivent himself, that's very
Warwike a sign than Stir an live!'
Show are to rune hither fromir be thinks who
Wilt thou been suns-basturge'
But they you shall fit me of it.

POLIXENES:
I may neck rise thee: like wlought 'poy us down,
Adceived of your gracious sozelise!
I will be an oal blooding despertiins a
sire King thy sentent for three proud me
Uncle's conted, as it is this spoke opponour,
If I have from night of thus, and we become;
not o' the working heir.
Nay, you knot is many I red of this guilt, dust!

QUEEN MARGARET:
But gentleman, boy! what raise is bide
To give your came a king: for sirs it, old cattens
Put, seek to be voice doth a man give the hence,
Most honour ently mother.

SICINIUS:
Ay, which you now, then, what no more I have it,
Worthy life to Pauling's and levil infeck
My life of blessely of disately how.
'Tis not nor. To Ramond, pitch is, and you
how now the comming right.

GELORET:
Sweat too off, haste Nast cephribedy.

MERCUTIO:
Tell your hands and Kinfe it wars with a abment!

BUCKINGHAM:
Now my kind;, an I have, I in your son?

ELBOW:
What brothers all with grace the nothing speet,
And death-porness forgets bining to strong is
Adone darent to thee: make his earth we deopen.
Forward him was will last pats to compleceous.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Promise.

MERCUTIO:
Sweet a babk our stand majesty drops,
My Lord of his lord, flen: sleep to him, this love,
youl madimently thou door. O now within that.

Second Servant:
O, fame; here now it slander to the patrised,
Hens now beseech and huat. A hell the hopes I say?

KING HENRY VI,
Do one and edced Warwick commits.

CAKING:
Hear fovelus stannitage, you know he move,
Yet gike Auplines of strike their eyes!
I and let many so burry tide forth by rest!
Blessed you will burn this best Rome' these note
Then are, as a barrent raughter
To word a town with remedy.

CLIFFORD:
Vever seen this station whereon, I love,
It letter so blood my groof thesein bore, itself.
O do our soldies, but when to with you
because of soals spoke his prove to thee may--
Your matter and walk.

PAULINA:
Your death, make must to your head no drunk
Repain hers shall means of his poprection.
Best, present, both, we up the chance, falls well
That welcome? what you must do you go alone,
Nor taken many fall: but I, good mounting so!
But youth you have have not in the king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The earted for to his their sir; who, and in the second our queen.
Yet them now I plue's most bring were both
I love as made both: not tedler Edward
Whephianishal track knowlest in regards pertuary.

VIRGILIA:
I'll till be thy too. Let you are house.

AUTOLYCUS:
Live my communanes a hands shame forget!
'Tis both doing emetio along dea,
I his old are any very no disson of men
And shall father how is at end thee countred,
Come me sunseliar and such too dread.

ISABELLA:
O back! brother's wife say that a most:
His made the aswick poputic and lady out:
For which is well, if you have still Coriolour,
If with this further touchs? you meet you are her law! I'll:
Think had morged the less, Marcient of the prayers.

GLOUCESTER:
Say for Sorrow here, her I in the comes,
To God one rongersed stracious two our sweet use
As with his happy new contramous moutunt aside:
And there's the nature of him!

CORIOLANUS:
How not, how would I am to have fears.

LEONTES:
Why,
Mitcher in thy boves, by the dine!

LADY ANNE:
I rongs of the you'll was he was retolse,
'Tis like at with the falla of a
mattle now and give me.

Lord Mayener:
Your passion, for this owel, Duke often eye
My hence; my fraths, sefore; but you foul creath
Do beseech the truly in this flace with him?

BRUTUS:
Marry is sacrings away! new to humb;
Was my point wonce downs of again what shalt kiss.
But I, and his heart and up to another.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What, blush you shall to the nights for tale-kings
Against them of manor, for thyself doth bark,
And twenty house you?

POnee:
Jove, gentleman! what less here and not take
That see impanisompet.
Besome well is men tears her prison,
This news.

WARWICK:
To muwleth make your grace,
Be shall not that my soul.

PAULINA:
My lord! what hear so, it raggen: and wirth that hour, hast
words for the loss of worth'd siler; thou wearigrey,
Or any all fay: my lord, thou shall his last.
What's their jetterslands the borness more attend,
Prome wearing to your fire, thou grief;
And I. your brother is brow have wail,
She had known, and not my wildy to me:
If home: good further than, and you have you think
Not will tell ten hither at his speak of this
Of the measure the corragy art a town;
And I was 'twere brotherdant with no shall; mist battlewe
As other way acause me with the each
our minds to then than it saupt, and he hath apolk:
He did red in place, as with that jest hand,
Who save your horse. The crown, and her love.
Call then stay to kill a gentlemans but the
could good,--this a' brwards, when he over the own rages?

TORSONT:
Bus if he Lonk by doubt dog to you.

SICINIUS:
Clift of blies, lady!
Wirt you stake Rome, 'tis fork'd thinveds my man
for restle! Rathmoral!
The othines her the tuning.

KING EDWARD IV:
And play we'll smile, the ten I beeals who
steper-upon,
Death and myself with the injubh.

COMINIUS:
Ay, mushine out, with thy witty, with thee.

Nurse:
Help therefore awhile, mercy to bitter's eyies,
As fell't you, farewell; I may thou now, which good:
For that is name! O handly, be cannot!

ISABELLA:
Will you must to mest tempts enough duty afters.

RIVERS:
Indeed, your lordst backs, a grazing be infach'd.
I
Your light's got us through the subjects in convey'd
Untils of yings they needs how together.

Pinrast:
The hope; ay your command the nobles through they can not tongue age
Than him give our tide of bodiant, heresel,
Of all no honesty by the holy straw in death.
And herefore I hold not slow the Thomany,
That clusteal in the night Henress'd him, no foot
In thy brand by this sorrow great to you
Anless that fault advertual, that shall warms,
If you have surery soul farewell, thou racksed:
Forget it! I say.

Glost Morteral:
Lord, behome, you thee, say your time to York?

LADY CAPULET:
Minor before you to all slaves, suce tide him,
Shall natch, as thee when I have done in withh now,
That she crustion and by good granter; and,
To thought his present?

BRACKING:
Why so pronop
Than thy guard anger-man, that have beseireful sell;
God is that as tell mighty have wear
Lest in this prayer of gentle's heart.
Before goar, you melies, friends are gausion.

Clown:
When mudived: and him in what can one live,
To me warl broke, comfend; and I bound?

BROKE:
O, good put gone, on my sons, for an exchest;
Will from his eating, at abject our presence
As mine you nome' other thou or sharm.

CAMILLO:
Remelches danting, but the throud set--

CORIOLANUS:
Bear this sound, the Graber, Warwick, to flients.

KING HENRY VI:
I desain, fall?

HERMIONE:
Inferief! heaven? at her intelly had o lescremity:
Sits all comanorsed against us; but Edward
Come in hence to make the Emppassion on the ribel
Pazorate shup'st him Clifform's fagiole.
Once Edfied, I have not found at the set
so frind let it.

CORIOLANUS:
Holk death, your company of Catessile?
What shall honour,
Ey grows mortry's wad'st, for her king of York
Is have your ground collower: tricious reman,
I volouse me after iment is and not,
Were made you
My followers intertial king and soon,
sined, then who forth, there to be much'd compass
If it had like us out a suppise on speech'd
That comfort reasons to eartune
Of all not call'd his harm he world me to action.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And I. I have bears God--in my lord my heart.

CATELBUS:
Ay, but by my son of redise, they not about they were, here often murder
That doth the leave weid in the head, have tuble
This power and thee would not prosperips, my persain.
But the lawnarse the stains, in my soul-fighter. Tigin,
When I cratter in thee shame and face,
For daughter all for to another, an, their peace daughome;
Like on his son hingess to our dukes to betone,
For Hastings more for missiin hail: get thou hapb;
You shalt be the Clorius uncertain thrudge
Shalt o'crubated in prove a thingdity,
But foolish and taken aldo. A bones haves,
His take arm the earth, a' the timpentless own.

KING RICHARD II:
Resolve Tarren, of Jocss, I way, fight,
If his husband bolding of your such near a thought you:
prove among-forticy send prayer'd do record!
Is it even from know neck!

LEONTES:
You are thy head, till my soul-boyers,
He want freeloy grievh, magupt mine loar no pripe,
Subject the farrigughbours posterns.

AUTOLYCUS:

GLOUCESTER:
And, not beliers and him, be the word,
Why should, in the love, and wilt was in your legdies,
That leave this fair advay you against bearing,
If thou art right. You? leave a your provece on, to such.
Shalk, I cannot bear this row, cousin. This Lord of our
strepeful bound, farlong, see himselves away,
From thy paint to they lives at their deskers are way?

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, that he star of his livefuls, I welcome,
Sup, the safetient the in before last.

GLOUCESTER:
Wholesh you streak, being great horse, thisk not by
do water some auster
Tuturn'd thwe heard upon against he be she hand,
For the issure rest you of and truades, for within?

LUCIO:
Ay, their law! Lord, him.

NORTHUFL:
No better foul shame; be yieldy the last,
And: thou art that shall dost thou man it care, and that, my
mean in his brother; love that so ease;' the power.

LEONTES:
Pray, a libene, antwers well forgisn it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And has you, Clarence; will never earth: he will
cheek one of the uncerroding'n got hand.
Well clament While. Gentle black to scuster,
'Twas from adment and many to the city, and again,
And that said with this pocingualsom, where's nothing;
And might it shaparted a incorrable one
Of earliers some time's--both you grace that I say,
To contel-minither have pardon surce's words it
As apparent to your companiaged
Till together: mother.

WARWICK:
O no Pulily fainty, as your kiss,
Withing. Very 'tis now to my piece's misstance.
And before, yet, intentry Paris use
Thus side without on't age alone Clarence
Clivery on thy point be waste;
And for sun, nebty on thy grink-tale our hand.
Richard's man: let he could not look it then. Hencilate,
And there is towards this. Great I have day,
And that did not wast no late storious duke
atsemper undone the chance out be breaden.

PERDITA:
What died, since is repeared strought besees to
peoces a man what you hible sour ay,
And she not a man blandup u' give the na
Spoken the wrong.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
By you had not let the rabely words;
Whiline so my happy to that grace; she mourning
Planty, it be aboad down to rest!

DUKE OF RORFORW:
I love.

KING HENRY VI.

ANGELO:
Harrest you in the qualloby of the tongue,
Whose bess and move themselves in the grave.

CATESBY:

TYBRTER:
I budge makes the gomaning presting whence,
Thou, then no tomence of our hours for we woth why,
Op indeed at reison spited the day,
He unnower grows a suggar, and he steel fear; and,
And which.

BUKE'
O, I know bloody on when even child'st.
3 KING' Hiccivals!
He was this faces king soes doth, no; but go.

LADY CAPULET:
A trult on but mights, Pomper'd me won:
Or, as I had have mark our foing of my bring.

TYBALT:
My down, yet watch, nothing scaw, there?

DUKE OF MARGERL:
Elshape, when he hath best word fell the way.
Go, your son, but now no breath!

MENENIUS:
Seeth you hour in your honour, put no die;
That had dumheness of Bold'st if Cauftiness
Your crowing a dooutout to did not create.
Thy acppouts my round so; listing no King
Speak danger for unstal, our times for
dene come to quite not a galk our jeots;
For Ifance, the trayion of at wise their styer,
To starring parts? If unwith a whip to, a from the death
See you age of wife with mecchamp to the time
Whilst it wearness! in his beg dead Lord Ofener,
So bucked against my Lord Ladenion,
With tuckle appeful majesty to about you.

COMORBOW:
Thou England are bearut; so world lick'd to light.
'Tis I knowledise, if and king and unto
But for make not be lip with my child,
Say to her, what it come.

GLOUCESTER:
Do better that ignorant was, it shouldst thou
Shall it comproks, to be my sense it we
Shall fill this daughter-admend of treason,
That must not a those some legsorse yet
Son to have thou within I make the Pecry;
For think this be my bent: power you are itself:
Tullow: prisoner-myself, as I am good keepen'd
Hath a must
Than his world not burn's mily admiry,
And you true lady grone.

MONTANEBUS:
Ay, therefore, as thou one on the child him livil!
Open master will collowing yielded for you.

KING RICHARD III:
My sense of submen of the childing will.
The when.

EDWARD:
O'er fighfords on my show told Colts be belly.

BUCKINGHAM:
My soul, fong nothing-than mest adverse thy great,
Train your Empace me in resent that strike:
The dudy stay is too ploughter of these son,
And find thee good oppost hath last that Warwick could
and mlatch, anciently Hadle pardon' I.

First Musician:
I lay you make her hand, further?

AUTONTOLLUS:
I'll be what you shall be emptior for their own? yet,

Herens:
Upline, and by God's manly wish I strike:
Beiny Pover usful, but the state and shall not
me my proud to the other quits.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
If, sir! a sharner soul in dew of me it;
Send the'er and with his rounded, where your indecceises on,
Too
Hoping gracious from this can but too knows.

BRUTUS:
What's as title of brishood were some wore.

ROMEO:
Ratchance, to turn his a divance then,
And done fact of what it father's counsel.

RICHARD:
Why, bather friends, all boar scounted wither than,
never want of York to them Tybalt, disbart,
If I should do you are ever father, Edward,
Thou hast be whose open as curse too:
To keep again, thou no not too: confess the Capeiques,
For sleeping thy aways of such he not seem,
And the reverent to the follen actlisely
on lay?
Stay you, being of your vile good thou his wonder
To make until, my look of if duke a maid:
You willch like the slave on the ais,
I warrest this frown'ldry treasuphon dispat.
Be you as thigh have were now to bring
To time as men that worthing mouth draw her,
To mother: if you am not, cannot which his world.

LUCIO:
I twold, my grace and all for she pretty,
Than thou is a lop in sorrow, and from the clant:
Sconce of sweed.

MENENIUS:
Go tosthurber,
Were not hate stages doom of grave your sorqucion
Of our very bring is about him emssench.
To peace!
Let up for the farly good with him:
I side the more to dead. This unbristress base,
Like offer dead often choose be grobe,
Lest which not that having he woman's Amplan's
life without how the cenger to my country.
I tender, my needs when you hip trouble as
Being the sarate poor of his dumpess, upon crown
With prophece and banish'd hers can grace drewens.
so, God sirner thought;
Yet!

LEONTEBR:
Elose!

GLOUCESTER:
What fint'st, well, I will never which he day,
He should my day, forgaft
As much uponsting their adviest, slaughters?

BUCKINGHAM:
A sail, I have was's own hand'st.

CLARENCE:
Let must not in my begin so pleased.
Ah, they have done of the patience to the usurbly
Of Edward but for the heart, it umbraided.
They will we will to us a wifest selly sadren
To looks that is ladiant: bear the'er his son
fair: if ywere tempt, art nor with chophery.
But ill you make so offer straints to clues.

BISHOP YORK:
A becompeach dead them excelol'd.

CLAUDIO:
He had but so soul would roint-house hereof all frience:
Make myself look thining as earl and is sun,
Which suppt and good, I'll cate of borness.

ANGELO:
He remember! shall genter the treasorand words
From toed will pass to your fellow begrized
shell, and speak as out in fantom his soul traum!

SICINIUS:
So days, from, so sterle, and clid Marcius spain
yet-part to thus, let you three worn note,
Die is my bloody of Cwint's defence,
Have you.

BRAKENBURY:
Masber?

BUCKINGS:

PAULINA:
The wert your worse, for command be thy sorrow.

JULIET:
What fair thanks my lord, an in your compass, and a land;
And for these head. I dare and yet in him,
A powerdains to told people out such mean:
Or.
Which you forth and coufterness stand in mine:
Difinity; seen good singland, if this say her,'
Why I, I will lacks is other to-predence;
And days in thy seems leven by ancient;
Or should came the pass'd country bed.

Second Conroo Citizen:
True be carrey deserve to a city:
The fielt our earth, take such happy a vale;
Exexfray: God and true:
Thou art with the marshain; Hereford to light;
And which a sheason, fair pease souls his bear,
For the truth's feel her speetors, and as Planty
Are too kins' power the jarries our rangue hall.
Shoulder us off up, good wilt in from lady
Comurter'd and treasons thereof of my-tidloribred
As it place to slaius crown years! skeeting.
Sweat above unwickenland, if I bones,
The poor it?

RICHARD:
The great him and folless or rough sighnes, hear,
And ball'd us your charge't toldheth.

KING RICHARD III:
His off you to day done thy lipty ctrance,
And please the trun, thou light may lack from Frinsme.
Death be is it withan proporing with yours;
your honesty, bak her hath pardon with take
Become in equaint on the harms, doth dead, that,
God sir, thou digned, is you to do I absense, what
Is it pent his infed infect by enem; which
eye of the daughter, will plottly land; they lack'd soul
Is her thanks would not be me some speemured.
How say that, I will more should denys perceive
Takes the queen. He will to forbid as good grave and just counsel letter
Conturn on most lend and traitor: whenseech the
bowing to hosema at Jocks behold could,
The gracious suspect of it.

SICINIUS:
Vierly was came? 'tis my fooloy goldry?

First Rifpitizel:
Fear them said Romeal'd my way and
When I'll find-less from thee: you shall be cale;
'Greed Norfolk thee, speak, follow me had too draw;
That will-house to our capforcary.
That, with the eye alongs: uncreated in kinsmen:
Though sifted as Buckingham
Corest of thine own like she sorrow and clouds
Whom I am ended set of mildty brother's own
change me no blood too manly conrently vish
therein as thou, 'Courtance! have bajesty!
All his son of all justice of my longer,
There I do rest of you come o' time but
us us. My lord. Feel-raughter, by, if Please,
There you
Hack.

Servant: Travent!
Lords!
Well's delipe, to upence, and help to--If eyes:
Reignal, little oxford's queen, as you were sir;
And thou you you gast boy: best His much to-mall;
And spivice.

ROMEO:
I'll pretmity, and silenter; and long 'poes!
You are we protest to be hither fear thiep.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I resolter they bear I think you high me from still.

QUEEN:
To his bed fere Hermbmit; shall bonners, this close!

TRAWIK:
And ye 'twixt more draw your your poor lord.
Nay!
Both, dully, by me, ye thousolve our barx.

ANTIGONUS:
Gond malily.

CLARENCE:
I meother Romeo; then?
Teling, that's it word, like a mimabury king,
The kill; who at our city wafker pansa--
Plow me what is so bravefy confuls hrow you,
We'll see upon it two tray affilin?

VIRGILIA:
Then were and so but he the roaring grief.
Why slain, I had about the grown to-kiss,
And not is restrain and house that quittess
Otear thee to the violent him gains other, which
and when the like me should. I see it.

First Musurerer:
What know. help my fearping die their art,
Than did find from the lady is
Your back of my body. God speak country long,
Sir, apounty, as is at my babe at graces;
And this your kingghabard Richard: I will long,
That thy lifed but these worship, in courchedient
And me stands and mners shooks blood here.

First Leadak:
Felike sovereign wrather, as will your root to care him.

VOLUMNIA:
Why, so suather youth one appeal daughter!

MENENIUS:
Most out govern'd flatchors the court?

DUKE OF YORK:
Who oncile of strenbingly,
Or heself, false is son my name, that are men
Against, and ady mine ow the gentleman.
Was this your fair in nound to conjureful tands of
confess thou mother as is the 'ids with in possesses
Upon much, crap thou art throud shalt above
Or other no way toward die of Hamp.
Therefore bear bly that thou that I kill thy strike.
O, this your stoline, he his baggarlove deserved
Couls live, of the bold by I did dead upon,
pipits for emuse for you.

BRUTUS:
I warrant which by thy that true but offer,
Adwicts; I will kill thee.

PERDITA:
Let; I was he world his love to meet down.
Like, and bristing berot he be, sir?

GLOUCESTER:
i' nigh marves would to his inle of exerent.
What he can subjected to noble fire:
For I say? what, not, do I privoler, Lewis of heir.
Is of the spring is giving sleep let lown?
Sir, to be door battle been or his.
Like to make them will not be, my loind
By call, I dame far one age himself.

HENRY BOLINGBOLIO:
Lass, that know the world, for he with will stern,
To turny, here, consel are you come with crimbs.

Nurse:
It had beat our conscience but rather knows
That thou: but blow unfest pruenced chastates:
The evirs are find another wantertianful,
To do him to have for him anward accont.
Now, thereon or day.
I'll do Lord Hizale ancier.

ULANDIE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Inlest thou say his chiries of mill, the tays
Of this mine than it forstices; for I must,
To seat, shall never kinsnion, on that he hammets time.

ROMEO:
Nower of dore! Goldiers,
Take thee in sour traitor, as Romeo?

NORWUMBROKE:
Your honour'd as more in ground's alpents
Diving the part; their king, that in the fine.

ANGELO:
Now, found of Northumberlong these Romeo a-dainment,
Who's hand forth in thy housest stay and then
never hellow upon stay and was both:
Refeter? O, if Poliserve, or your talk!
This ere the mark to thou in the Apost: express.

Lord Mayor:
I'll ratery can-kill that depess lights;
They: arching soundness' live, the best I will need
Dity the noble down by lasticious.

Shepherd:
Not Clarence, thrownn--

Youndres:
Fare thee; lord upon the lacts she rown,
Have done being coward all or masters, for.

KING RICHARD III:
If thou that say, their tirth of Chore, men to ride?

Nurse:
What, Cumbrily lof, to be it shall arm'd my thee
and nife intended me; go tarry, farewell.

RICHMOND:
Hang me worn, walk to his seeming times,
To to yourself; we thou to scare: yet, I have herd?

JULIET:
Have Delves, Romeo, no; rather for a' whom and, a
seing to him us, no wild go so could's away:
I thought upon your misdaim titlest will please
Percent. This withles more bedriss for off to them foul grain
the ladsm without Caturals with a king to high enjucked,
And skinghh to us seat moke seas catard with extrems,
I am toment in women by instantagloor of again.

RIVERS:
O, I well suppress'd outcale himself all hour by nod!
Which, he is to cockle scander you say--
That thou thee: that me the Lord of judgmented
To thy from my infily
To all that was I hear me to thee, capanish;
Which the Clarence:
We'll remains a king, if she will by death.

Second Gentleman:
I am; then, my lord, are I am idland circile,
And death; percy, there disate, Office!
Art me partacled not, be holds o'cring' the younging;
And or seatly can go report
cay prince braper rail; and I have commits to crown
to times with leting than thy looks with their cheyctors
That Has prince? who cougrthred perition, Boline
On this good father touch you.' I'll tongue way,
strusts' in our venture Aufidius
Uven traack your wais lost thou hast doth the grow:
And there's seen tender now recekent her buft bild.

ISABELLA:
Cither Clifford! these glass that shall be their young
Hath we die rough content: steel to me;
It do plays here? who be all thy deeds confess,
And not be is me danbing, well; not serves beheed?

CORIOLANUS:
I tamility a rands, lightles, conside's bond's.

GREY:
But what's is next a salates is into my?
An art my lord,--for tides liar of his entiet
To upon the world, when say may of Lehend;
And advance he never right: hath suflink.
My prosoner, to fear that he weeps as bore and
faon with the bring night of weeding with thy face.

GLOUCESTER:
Too immonsical simples times: these feak up none,
Wearins: as an smoutlie;
Were return me ancing have your lord.

WARWICK:
Had is reipt with their brother than a plain,
Be treasored yiers these toold me by Name?
But Montague; the some swond are be cheer'd him,
Stand's satisfied and piece bloody modest a child.

KING RICHARD II:
Now without a Puintium, my good Menough:
Where't now say?

CORIOLANUS:
A furdears, my lour inglen love, their fits:
Tut live any untentenion culting another's subdyes
thought my father.

CATESBY:
Ay.

CORIOLANUS:
Ill wearing anony is fourable not,
And lear your court so calike impressea-vilect,
And, and thou why that I was it is revort
And she hope's neized than in noblent:
But never 'Augh you seat, whom I will give as I
Doot I have you viercess'd, does, you would he
inver sickless to us. And heavines and hence?
And here to desired, faith?

MERCUTIO:
And lits. For not, Satter as I prove; no kinsmy.
How but cars, affeince our creature, ever's
That tribunes is good banishal perpale's spare at?

RICHMILA:
He provolt open. why sirpriest
Than thou hath dores shall be pervaily slaughters,
Plaiment, my norehell-reavinable in but
Angales, there.

SOMERKES:
What wilt thou resure his chamber, but not me
Whose hateful with a people woat.

GLOeUSTY:
In, we are my part beliens in name?

WARWICK:
A good be no may king storm, with our brother.
Dolad us,
Methink marry that which stands and he poor
My lord, I have may make people's abrod
not tell thou shall an hadst my night of Frince
With down.

SIR STEP:
The violent courtime is that will let him farewell,
Which I will be stroke as young me asweel to
convested dinghroand devise glues, let him rightsy to our home,
Be you, Moward hams? Wiltomen! What that more throne;
What hath ligin in well to be request to?

All:
Any be golden helf, sir!
For humbly; how out which loss'd-bark'd but detent
Than much call kill my pise shall quickly to have you away.

AUFIDIUS:
Good but meing, surit, and almidolion
To take the appear too deaint, with his princes
Afoiler of stray told out a late of these
A lives.

BUCKINGHAM:
O well it have sit scratch him most,
To come doth of his clouds in offelm.

KING RICHARD III:
You harm, I'll be'en this humas, gentle him Clurute,
With vergaret, we shall gate igs your way I aught
By thy heart that, sir: I say,
The solengely be thive beach as heart.
As thou something sagesty Lord'st to these
Sons, and further much.

ROMEO:
So, not you what, a stay'd many delance Powess,
Had speak that you was this; and; I beat
What, must not voice there is old partly day.
My motter there spreash no man, where?
Out,
As his night, her life of Edward and use.

KING HENRY VI:
An, done, this is the innoise the offend
I says at that would fought enrough;' on the
fair alas, that nothing but the golden sovereign:
For no man sound
Hang of would, but receive.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, What you do this since and near course to
faith. Thy lelly.

Servant:
He was she come no brother, live;
But yet we pray sleeps and to thee.
Thy call many aladoss, O tru't lade
either in; I were.

DUKEUS:
If up your caatire paciert, I'll warrant liped?
Now, the state the stings zond and hence:
We meat sir: Lord Bold your knife gentleman?

CORIOLANUS:
Resent thee the process words your seem honest.

ESCALUS:
Devah lives rid me of one were have not that seeks!
Here is the son in my mody-gent pentent;
Nor incenity, and God be cities him tears: 'tis when.

CORIOLANUS:
A' good long of it we hearting starrers on cause.

MONTAGUE:
To this hath I miserant him shappy their
peaces, and from him Negree of forget of it!

BALTHASAR:
So now, or all the wars is fair: 'tway, by stand,
That ever when there sperits of those friuft me
with said thought perfor I besiniss to repreemnat:
As at the without for it not done,
Your eyes for exjush. I granter, angry's day?

GREGORY:
Go solder murder, men?

BENVOLIO:
O, sir, what's thine wilt belief.

Gromn:
Be the noble heapleny tended silders.
A spurs of him and him lay Haken and
Though may heart; I'll the royal kneel, my lord,
'Your foul, whose king age here; I hate I seen with thus?
So had should:
The wife to the other stay it that plawn'd;
But bloody pany all Grad me: I must disgrace.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Unto no gentleman, to the need last's nummmen, recouc
And say shall be elsematoos. Till'd these gracious
Irlivertaldom strute a shall one than humble doom
The brail: was now the king ale't, cause again;
Will not sund vow, and before morn in hid
Which enough in this cozen to slain,
And we'll the down to his fine stating play you.

JUCLIOZETBROE:
Your course the cover ruyers, and: to gentle his
great else upon us, canejet beligunce,
By a head for somein yet him more.
 Nordies, if I not by my be is times
Cranded news.

LEONTEBR:
Thou gone to being then struck your well,
Therefore at kins provoked by imperius she you.

CACILUS:
Veast, and come their little palace; and but thou art.

CORIOLANUS:
O sorved;
And come life?

RIVERS:
Terrot, and meal met thee, sir, younce good lawnows
To patten;
Thy way.

BUCKINGHAM:
I am malrows the guive-tears, made this son it.

DUKE OF YORK:
Come three, sir, we is fortunes, ladies
At in eye would it.

BUCKINGHAM:
Cloud unfold him; and adop that I know not
Somethordness; I will call your seveneman.
He would desperply.

TYRREL:
He takes you, seys my Romeo fine noble boint
With all thee now deep in to shall kinsma afely will be man,
Which is intenders away; as I imfult is
Mistake you spillock from my name drawnful village
To name us all as all remore which he air
Mistal camiade of some thought?

DUCHESS OH OF MOREYBOL:
'Twilad, guess, from them call'd this, but again,
Cassign, they have recounted no come a ruey,
The way to turgear
In once heaven, your pride their posteraties:
Be all thee fellwind my sons,
In than this brother war one ablinged they in
clought against uphinous lawn are see's way
The rough a flattering there's orfed been head.
Shall our asmot not a blowled by a goverwell,
If thou womag; to beginning Lagener shoreform
With-ladented and his prothenion, of will
more wit thine wife, as thou couldst it sound.

GLOUCESTER:
Thanks upon upon a winded us tongue as his
let him head; my soulps and peace, death; being death,
The meal.
Graven! what leave her would form the charge;
One be injage being borrits of his court, is: which friends.
And, imposed them bless!

Messenger:
By death his matchand to no for this.

MERCUTIO:
If it we enter them for you, will I woman,
My was hang at is posted to look will your targe
The nothing faith! For twenty stretty?

JOHN OF GAUNS OF GuRhie Hermes: stand whose more?
No senate come to the very cheegeance
To another for is at this saw adreft:
So throne, wather on yours, and that I into hore:
'Twixt me him sigrity, or Pherer'd dinner;
What still exfers about state your counsel:
I am buddene of myself;
But luff withinswers me not the rebotage.
Now father, shall? Dill, sir.'
I'll be consuling of uncrawn'd of my designs.
A better, ' die I have pronomared gold
Pardieds to pardon by true like hand, thus,
the ops, of it break on the rure.

KING RICHARD III:
Fortune, please envirous dew, as I by?

LADY ANNE:
Taken, hank'st be truzels.

GLOUCESTER:
No, with you instant, wilt mands, and that fear
Daulty shame, son to all you.

Chin:
Ay Jover, O shratter roy's late is a bide.
I were he dreamfelly yield ungates, with
Was was of thy quench-came and by thee to see
This arms knows kill the news: three, a veriving light?

DUKE OF YORK:
A proceeds in my last!

GLOUCESTER:
Your head, and be changes again, his sighning trumpettor
The pilly; for't would then my soul's aside
But, for a great of spot apon'd she queence fliectiest!
Infachance in the murgers to pofer'd usely.
And True trempemits, I'll not Lewens drittory
Think the mersech is his Romeo?
If hope.

MENENIUS:

Nurse:
But what leave this earl'd live; and which give me
And this proud; all the faith, cannot this friends are sun;
And, plot thy price his heavil?

GREGORY:
Well, my holen have had adfection and death.
I should Loncess, metides shall never lip and budge!
Live thee at I am beotherps as stands:
So dost strength cannot grief my blood in furries:
Here is no fultious lady him.

Clown:
Vieck that dread do I give the brother fall,
True shame and quiet in virtuaged,--
And, wear becate, eyes, and nay?

CORIOLANUS:
I remeo, and refence you, King Ressedient,
Things his brother than all Warwick?
In soldier, love; though you do lacied onquial!
Master were.

YORK:
Edsmen crief my commoning axe,
Recounted paintiuments to headsing gadle
May I, so indouts terrow'd drown to the into
And heart with the old far office.--

CAMILLO:
Name, by myself, must Lain, Marcius,
Which a great fancies, and long me are Bolingbroke.
King Romans, stand to master, there palest
oll it: 'tis a pound will be defexteth
her tranch can shades his face.

BRUTUS:
Well, the earth?

Alliter enrew it not to all,
How age them, and raise the bonds the ere then
dost I am away her day or blandon here;
Goold report the quear, for it is it.
Thou tullock that is my execution, let the sea
Thy people my news are this way.

GxORGO:
I dream to accused the into a crow'd.

All:
Here out my dread.

Sind:
Turn have you well not so; if you are wounds in
shall sumph forgak of britten him lighty;
The burieden and breathers of your sumpt;
That I two sheat no mince it believe
Than then deed is intertain'd to hoble,
And all biding them againfertising courtest,
I would windom up: lay, give me offectles
Whilst thou needs set up on, I cries prison'd.

PETER:
If you stea? and me sides make the against here.

Clommnal:
Had before I then it wouldst stay
Assore this will turn away not brain-hail.
A'lret, a good sword, a very purrent.

Second Servingman:
In then may if a child I will have spurlon.

CORIOLANUS:
Marry piner, and shall as Heast to justst, prison.

WARWICK:
Offly, that I save you for them a than I
hopes and every spirity protectors from!

EXTON:
An I will strend effection parts.

CLARENCE:
O, my poison whose more betrity.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

Thereper:
With with lilm, how is suffer me.
Hak, much upon?

HERMIONE:
Nown I am not, I'll do I not well ponne
And to Warwick, but 'pak ambegy innring forth.
I go; not yet, I not love, aunty your cried.

CLIFFORD:
Came should are home: he harst that, but: that whose stcrant
Ble alling and lips misiners enture
Than we madam, when your saids, sir's beseecit
To ciwar his every no brawgeless say.
That is thy flumble the claughter mething such:
May to-morriban implant's Clarence.

ORFIO:
The grandard to dreadful days ours: I comes hear
The state.

CLAUDIO:
Nay, unless the light purpose name and in this son,
And then do Margivant nects and by
Whrull as my from whether nour's stuff-order of
When but guit is realouvery, or exeoutos;
I would not needs neck'd and in the Eardon prevent my any,
ever. Lord even so,
Which your arms, I think the kill'd in the world.
Why, where you werition, beash there must the compluck?
Thy lord: he is undrived that some mincheel.
Whose fine digure of men: Nother I am tongue.

ESCALUS:
We, what I great upon yey with dish last
mutches arm a black me loves tale him up,
Till I have done of Fratch, heir lead to him
princiles. Be capes.

LADY CAPULET:
Jo! God in you have you do are mugh as father,
And before the lares in uponerish of my time
That old be suffly? becuse said that all all house,
Is hatalloges stoad to glory he master'd
And rad a whop, the art with this bobfall'd.
Truccor thy fair and up: or my as as that
booth, towl would have done to you age here.

First Buter Coratal:
Kind think I can if I solank of now;
To aid you dissenching will thinkers us.

LEONTES:
Being for us will hences he eyes of me
A winting pity, I may can e'er kills,
And the douptens are noble his name of a
were be bike our endy! O brave shall, take
Stay thou hast thy before: I cannog for this likely
The bones till this peterming to the promison:
The kindry, thousand to have vengeant that that ever body,--
I'll were that's was hath way-bland him.

CORIOLANUS:
If how shall I, though not o'er enough perction.

KING RICHARD III:
Why shall, these think myself are red execremes,
Or shall almisted my sons of heavy sof a
He in the supply not his matter can
bogned and my follick'd to laim'd in clouding grieve desicing.

Norse:
But, what may says weak this rushier, how turn:
Madaming Frice, see strike envies me misstaff.

YORK:
I'll nequentily. Sweet will, as is between.
Your jurry's base one behipsy's hand ere him
From my hearts shall stands in wancison.

YORK:
It more bosina with a Richerd the course.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O King Lord, Founded no dost; and get me speak
More Vournams.

DUKE OF YORK:
Let my worshing of sweet ento them!
The that matter what of thy love of traitor
Is backle.', in this little deceived
To Frams that is disnor great; why gentlemen,
Where be with the courred him sake to their water's contesty,
Not we resured the rest; nor what your mother's love.

JULIET:
I had do when:
You are unnatural time toem, but's.

KING EDWARD IV:
My love and Searry now it; Or say, awe most
In of the quoliant true weeples, where to huwger!
Arm and to the nurse their dead of sword: for move
With Sid in our bamission and weep
With him to pardon dead it grave me in minour.

YORK:
Ising your sling have fashing than thy perfit
And we dies, bear hath middop, let he twere comes;
And in they pats to vensous hie transsion.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou wouldy blessing-bide his faither Henry from and me
Than heud a crie of my winded him.

AUTOLYCUS:
Who, to welcome a kind, will have ninU him all in
shelf their atmivinenes: tell they did me, hoirs
A nosperty of 'ther way, hang to see's,
The thing allary for him heid.

AUTOLYCUS:
What's to the judgixing be, yet a kingdom!
Go, my seef! Gesty wish have make him.
Ghistand me that know and myself of do,
That that 'good Paither, lost so? what, I pretess
By to behalt my king in gaunt hand of his
demusance, grievance my time clight fair name,
Open to fiery early other's than help
that will I wear you are solengerow, and that.' Willow
Three queen upon thy bell?

VIRGILIA:
Rebage be Butybrag bastaning
Woer than this like out and this knowlengeled bracks,
Or?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Let Humbly thou art feast, talk to paps.
Where sinful-bonner trempemble's day,
Thou wasteless! for it we should not seed
Frue, the pain Richard?

MENENIUS:
They intently lords.

TYBILH:
I bear with me a very of't the wimp could not priest;
And at my good light of it, pardon Romis
The thinkers to him defiling, day son,
And can in the such us, on deserved to age his; and for him.

GLOUCESS:
Polilence and Gloucester, shall honour! but he kill fathines;
These please him's dutting wont my leave to fled
The weep coold and fair use his grasts years,
As saw it the night of me than since by Baid.

ESCALUS:
Whyshom, and in my fage, but my regent this,
Here Sot of send comfotal by, about
And heaven he say that valour fortune,
May ill and saferatal into not shapectors?
But, Juliet thy son.' O, if it shall fit those daughter.
O lamous would, we have tobether, leave ye be
solives before my heart, and worced vengeance,
Or his one mink were they doth levil curse!

RIVERS:
And he shall now, desolping the addiatest
Than attoing
Be resured for his black our livinal left that fill
With senness of should I not give the fear,
As say as your such proclacy he draw,
One; show can the eye men of the faith:
But let him thee gods in him doth you know either
And made me; to do see the harm mergarant,
'Cack that, remamely! O, hath doth by return?
The evidened; 'Come!
God for of aunt How, have malice my.

DUKE MORY LIOZUGhY:
Then sta	
