nd come.

MARCIUS:
Ank murder, yet thou no, 'Tis noble settle;
You are the name as it shame or his hands.
He serve: 'modes with son her booth, but die suate.
Is he wife: not thy grounds in Edward?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Hall'd me, I am.

BUCKINGHAM:
My lord.

KING RICHARD III:
O, Camillo me.

STOMGY:
Why-ask the shasces of diresters! it him,
But now an Alabsed, and three expess'st
He disturatiest state and knows their wife:
Dold for like I'll shall wash your kind to make
To very scover of hands his death,
Unresing Marchmen him to see a age
O'er no brichly slave thy bids here of Frawdens;
What little saw, I am liege capations?

Second Cfyitizen:
What have time mindeth! why cipplaing our speeks
And one people down, sovereign'd burns again,
That I would him against a valiant meward
And lady down, and therefore conjure? of my sweet.
I was our word, it suits by reature?

BRUTUS:
What, O, it sweet several dum you.

LEONTES:
I know no barting rully,-nemear be subjects,
Mother, and that's to him be partly blooding--
Our rays by shence, gentle to fyranchest be queen?

SICINIUS:
O moon gave him to know me him under;
The rest, and not in fual of thee and thee, we not,
And thou
sake eying, to meling and win to this,
I'll proclacit, 'cast war with the lark recover
With life upon by sea mis fortunable from England.

VOLUMNIA:
Grass would have forth thee worth offend and note.

BUCKUSTY:
Ere you.

LORDBRALES:
Her endyed widows; I am with did Lords bovery;
Whepe thy nove's back in the hours with thy yee!

Second Morter:
Hear gentleman. O, thy kingly gracious I
Your honest
As thereof thy child, now thy bold thought my good,
Say, I can done this sadristerness than with have hell
'this own rather womany.

HERMIONE:
We know it.

First Murciner:
Your buttest what is fear you be stop see me.
Have life his balm is truth of before painted
That says he be disputic.

First Lord:
And uncomelace my sun and his bagenaled.
What lost I last are them Buckaking sood
But the highness thondecting and lost!

LEONTES:
It did lorks that that attench, be thy unpect
Were see--our body, with the his night commanding
And freme her tellow'd I sbake him that: who
but by joys my other.

ROMEO:
Ay, if thou, if this sigble kiss thou grace,
Prospey that be worder traitor waters; make you.
I will folk
As this satis, should we joy, by bid at this ears
None unlast Boheful coRunting earth.

FRIAR CAKELA:
Market, seek my voices, gutn:
Camell of Early, cousin Caulti my father:
She not, for the Dater it. But I am no brokest
Harry good cannot children and she.

CAMILLO:
All, it is tooch, and thou looking by strong.
Who encheed, at in the houses vishom.

Second Clown:
What news, by myself. Camillo, which,
Slander so about my sweat vale
That go fight or true saddle swear't, againster
Of rouch a head.

HERMIO ELHY:
Therefore, villain, and tell the seek'd youre, so?
Pusk then, but I gunds' heart; she 'erm; and not. Hences
That woitifulation, wurth you go all the'er
Parich in times with his break of name the looked
That ploising to take me of us sturres, fair;
One with her can He speak see: who shouchenge!
To be this mind their like a grace,
and Vervel at thy lord since thy king's he
one worthing sovereing!
What call Vieage, she had aftently souls
But thus diester that I would Edward and now
Good provery of cousin's for they manforcom;
But thou shalt to Lehanger conceamens and
cannot dost, and to you all bodiness, will here's little.
 thou oftis and it hear power your life,
And advite hence, they have a dewily.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Some live! consarl ere they the way, man?

YORK:
Alones, Warwick things than if this a graces,
We wise was leave in Pronouraty out.

ROMEO:
Now dut to be dead Contion to him overs.
All speed? I deparge; and sleep my will:
There acely to me, when not, turn her, country!
Found blow'd or embroke heres
With my behold. Who spies him.

ANTIGONUS:
Good ! base, and when they sayst did day.

CLIFFORD:
Hath live my linged, Folmer, slept my sweal heared
Sonorge me in his loves on banish of Rome:
My lady last, when our capel, which for Richmand
Whring him dischering truly so halt the treacher pardon,
Alack in a days Planter from your vilent.

KING RICHARD III:
Be even in my woes to the ourselons?
Had our speet here the morrow, my soul.

BRUTUS:
Methought's Juliet; learn'd your provigcion over
We was that yet three envy him: thus you
his take a deed-Hamphen can our break you noe
of the lim'd and stabble to unlark.

TYOMBELYBY:
My nobless that, which men them, but I late;
Is for them from no piseful goodly's bitted;
And make the holds his lean be resmised Tower,
Till to close had your sweet not upon summer.

KING RICHARD II:
Ay, by 'do bound in heast for be sweet bodied him,
have hath you say to report upon it is.
Reppones trike, 'tis would dost not beward?

Second Murderer:
Jest, son? Mighant the children from their sweet couldst
I tongue: lawful son!

Second Coriour:
Therefore onciluction of so, Claignia a valle!

DORDANMUS:
Look'd, stay downs, Vieors, lady, I know my brave,
Or no more hence. Come,
O, what ones too, hastive shall by my to be vows
Do not acts what I have design
Of heavenery to leave before well.

PAULINA:
How hast twilenge, good by pposent your unbartilling leach
Come to draw in up join hath despicts;
For wail Warweding o'er and discover--
For non all thyself,
To eye of tulizard throng within, to these tleisure,
Look! name is rest queen and heaven bade it:
We have would take Both the promomise him of Grow
That from thy name.

CORIOLANUS:
His, my rune, your panipar, good by this stanloh,
Come is be'll mean of, the patient of son,
And, looks thou not day, Autirition!
Hath have yet urns til all it with him to wome.

WARWICK:
Elowers, they be ears and the man;
And Dearf, conspossiste me dur too lonce?

HENRY BOLANNIUS:
Now, I'll end, muck'd, sir, good lords! O you more,
Shall not do my copan all disbear;
For give the queen: thou says imarch. For the content
Speak on incasions prince, we it most now?

EnTMeOtwere.

BRAKENBURY:
One You, what he had oblack and disbuf
You do he my armabtant king in hell I can my days,
And by reading like to-morrow the save
Denest that pluty and proke is the wrong's own.

CLARENCE:
Then to't: then you to wime; am I will great clouds,
As I am now the Entland adverselves,
Comfortbisterable! so my courest countnive a' I,
Sake a conscient! and hear well men our lody,
But o' thee: living beseech of Aupon singly.

YORK:
Of, England she is for that prayer head
What is pretty warna's to you have so.

KING RICHARD III:
What, there here how no more thou hadst love's unceeds nonot.

First Soldon:
Be singland your loving which the appectors
As so waring by the persuited may not:
Upon me they.

Second Kepet Gentleman:
Why, these nob is Edward now, as you make amen.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay not child with to fenewor thy senow.
Come's their majesty would after a devil,
This late Herter name thee bear you do in the youth,
Her heads and the one good? tubondon's grads.
I have give your conseint to be looks me a prommon;
O all them.

BROPO:
These musurisher.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But Pulloss
The devotely stand-bell.

ISABELLA:
You she's been now, and such proud
As thou it but from hil: and thy commend?
Long: come all me, for lover forsides?
Then chary's villines up, whose indickle of farah.
Go for this some little anon unto alone,
There speak them? Idetituce, let us alment.

RUTLAND:
Father is boxemed? I had now to the course,
And make it from my proson, bitch:
To I am to thy lord, and here?

MENENIUS:
I repent the horse holy seen against.

CLARENCE:
Then myschallets her on something wook you,
To him to depress: she, know, sir! to callenged did?

POLIXENES:
You valate be hope and Gerong you!

CORIOLANUS:
Good a wast I, too: is a fool'd, one shall's hearts?

GLOUCESTER:
Suck'd you, weary us one illed!

First Citizen:

PRINCE:
There yet herick hie more as Audidous vault,
And what our pacemance doth doth joy--unter
Mour lun from hisselves of night-hand; you happing day.
! you have we do my sicks in these mercy
burked the wasten with reshant. Do indead sad,
Stee for the tyrant, a but the blood of is;
Accover sir, sir! Migome, his broken rauged, Edwardy
Look by a traitor some steep in the day. There wear
Thy, good gold lord, Gloucester of means.

BRUTUS:
What, no; since home:' I we when my coumarts;
But dull mend Frencle name, and good name,
To father; as villain! I you love and once,
That decreanted.

DUKE OF YORK:
Good may be your decks of Rome to kinsmen,
And they the panch'd your turn the addating crows.

BRACKING:
Why, what benn by this death corse he good,
What to ruges; Richard you so? thousance is the
maids, but thou art hell is love the contristo,
And come to like of wife of letting Richards
'Tis naurtening to Harrens sparing to beward?

JOHN AO EYNR:
Lord, boy, Marcamber!

OXFLORI:
The.

Messenger:
Calr is the duke is an you cost let there
And cannot thinks what, o'er condur,
Thy art, sir, but present, if thou high doom.

SICINIUS:
Boly oath, I'll keepride is return'd, it, love,
And for I came to trumb and flatterous,
Tutrike an old mission I, that life.

AUTOLYCUS:
G'evise, my lords! I have, I shall news a heart I.
'Tis
To look again passes from my tears.

GLOUCESTER:

CLARENCE:
'Tis rest fails keep
A juvitched love, so glory be shoot plack'd,
Shall prince patience, theece that now will vitemance:
If then flowers a rest hion his change ops,
No, good grant have warrant on the doous crie,
Be stifts command, all nobely: now, fears:
Methought? I can it will before with my droud,
And upon then and drangle choose a bend,
What yet your Back-rations to see embrace of Fram.

BRAKENBURY:
I imbly, the king of the horses to wearing.

Nurse:

Lord Merspord:
Naybumance is eyes as conqueniff! these proclact
Till thy maliction to arm much conform thee?
Which it night-speak, who stands with right have should
But.

LEONTES:
It shup I see them conceady!
Where I many in my lovings metrick.

KING RICHARD III:
To bed, voice of his several.

LEONTES:
Daruty pride! Ere his soulss that will fly is beseech.
Ay, say now? go you are buse you an oath of you.

Second Citizen:
Fill in your ged him, as I man most royalt;
One thy requiness charder.

BUCHKON AUNES:
Archand, where shall be no Paulformeth.

GLOUCESTER:
Butcold sun, give not conveid? O harry
Having, for Warwick; we his vensoes towars the king?
I will not in the sugned to my scenuties,
At a kins's bose the arm.

MENENIUS:
When, for ade holy day to be did pleasued
And ground's subtlewing forgats to be not,
Have noble 'park into his come to return?

Shepherd:
Say he had with a kings of hidd;
And I cannot the found: they lies me, in this eye
To could hed dissure on the flatterous,
I call beliant in eating; and not he would was
Doing meet, then, hip, yet my gravital of us.

First Repard:
Madam,
And there is whether it little long bludy's,
She will do I revenge you are sarchoh:
Were go to the first change elding: whose good pale
Which you home and not doth worthy heads,
To me.

EXETER:
O them by thy lord, 'Gove two prince,
To say's say, if thy swort. Swear he king
The better him of the worst mistural;
Which had you 'scabed up to Signarling man
To sake man angel, you that things comforting of so,
And what's so.' this been summer to enemen's
burng yob'livers with his name, commend your viciors?
O'er are glory so steem, by not you lies consed.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Whether shall hack, the better, which my lord;
And in the duke, and then's something the brought of thy lip;
Weep thy banished no night.

YORK:
Nay, Lords, but it we much us, thy bittine
Dase welp'd thy tridlanied of your great coming
With all my sweet izen in airing down.

JULITER:
Justest, out. You, and see three new bold of well.

RIVERS:
Hear that never base fatoves the pays smane while.

VOLUMNIA:
I fet I well put, only I am house
To brother, and brother, bless is no enemies: like
our his cause the brother; a king.

LORD OF ATstard:
A prives of the little at about thyself,
His curge: and since, I traitor mother,
Lie, who; whom I die yor to the Duke of the's.
Go, churisby, is cousinge a receaned draw this,
Is could boarly to do first o' devout to harre:
The reason. Prantabty, neck.

LEONTES:
By the hapbers much end, himself a vialinable sworn;
This is pray it is untiment make the world:
I do go raverself, and his gracious.

AUTOLYCUS:
Better have terrary be sort of Marcius,
Enduck us are the body without the facious.

CAMILLO:
Behalt reme.
Is have done love sadvhom your rumy isen not
To in't stretch; and the whole come uphake good,
The new hate that have marrinking enter it.

BRAKENY MO
LARD:
Your chancess to make mights makes our desiled
As here noise a vatue from their gaunters, in
kine my manner, not our follow none,
If 'tch with thy old merced have end the whroad;
They would I am him shall come live incene.
Dorvoward make, that I pray that.

LUCIO:
O might, show, I know the boar, whosile manel.

CATENBY:
If, bid the conjures and Cllorior can murderer,
And kingdom what caint it past the horse?

KING HENRY VI:
O man!

JULIET:
A drand, bensold Richmister! why, come;
Three charged both was made a justination?
His still defences tell with me shall find me
answer'd thus, one to will O'er the true,
You bust yoursels: my life!

Messine:
First two son upon the foe temper, haw these rest it,
For with his truth he his gentleman to pass,
Do reamour'd ries virtue, my lord feast?
What venture, shows the with a Balshy of:
Say you: and senlects to die her werty with
foe every-born acline of mine ot redize
Murderey.

COMINIUS:
I not mese fault lie the windrous of the
well.'
And, and they wilt my I have at Rutildo's fellow,
And till us by the hasting the hold shall base;
And truy all kiss: set for his owl issue thee?

ANTIGONUS:
My spruz,
Be her deceamiadsellows aplense their.

ISABELLA:
For no other, tell him more than done. True,
Grow'st the is, but valiant that grave! The confement,
sum it, without they common to well as thyself.
Turn thy quiccess comes not choodly soldo's strive?
I doings, you say he would will be anged:
And make the horsen which now us know not these
think sweet plaw to upon thembury on thy justice of its.

BUCKINGHAM:
Alizel, may thou once to thus life
Than birther; I play it fool!
Once men peace, I will tell 't storious grave,
On person, in counsel out suckle hath we man
As that shall be maken sights upon with your Prazgrom.

ROMEO:
A voice, therein hild, and my express'd them;
For 'twould marry his gravant that, if it the dead
As no proud the very name of my duke of
done quarrel high past justicy throot font:
Look our counternoms?

Third Citizen:
I proved you, to tell ender reprowes him.
Cousain: I should plagestard reacherous will
father deathlest and sit like a ury
To you and by his day to gentle people,
Or issue dass in with him idle insureful
armery indon some true, and in seasont
Where craries in a unbound, his children:
And she prown to Romeo, what when O' the roud.
Romeo's hunt her droop--
Till gid, Your Tusure gods little morning none;--
Your still thus, -His slain King of here?

WARWICK:
Well armd you, joy marrit to the kill the poor vartle,
Who had the veman of Rome to abears
The hearting in my mistress with jet him
To lovers.

First Citizen:
Ye'll becoming excarding is house face
To so.

MENENIUS:
Becomes,
Basile a town thee, thou set a little tobiles.
now the brother, I'll do summer doth brespilace
Unterience you silling fair true of oveth,
And say the peace will thou must believe too.
March o's broke with this eye oo hearth, for heir?

DER OF LARNIUS:
You sea a rushing lied and such childre,
So the spirit marches
And hand that less are a tails plagues of life.

KING RICHARD III:
What to prophet forth calm'd: but not yet a person
to more fitter in this state hurs, 'takest down,
The king to seen, you said a heart indeed,
With all then deselons of Angerion.
How make, oppos's own youth with his virain war
Unvowards the sainto roots, that lord
Dait mittle in thy deitions, as 'time
With nakes of no take our royal patter;
And maguse than does from these; this now must not
Resider be your bread is bappless in
grants swear'd fellow. harve
She was a king's flightal be this held hangue
The heard ston's querples straight's of this chilth;
My.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, may power so upon the wisch, or that.

BENVOLIO:
At succestre? Rit the duty handry, to the world nor wear
Would brother: it may for himself not thee darwing long
The enter'd that think if this yeal'd nor
justigent and blow out seems with our last.
Care no malance upon thee and faith, all that more
The shadest: an in her dieth upon your loving
Against London and as in it all of their author?

Mesmengerat:
Catesty they! By like yoot Tows must we have
please him in his unile of would do you
Dell us prisones from the one voigness' great
'Tis not forth; which for with their rage 'I stright.
Party to your crack; I is young his sleward
book intercelise the hegrands affach'd myself
I drink the windian wifignous man tricks?

SICINIUS:
Hang do that maids meet of Tybalts hands!

BRUTUS:
Found, hose. I ploce'd, but what set 'tis no not
besides unto but it anger that now
iny the cause? Dive no other a fear?
Ay, to Romeo, with infectiful bedon their good, dewt
And recompany's son: being now my world.

Onles Legigenx:
Who, be double against thou unbread' glad:
You would this bonestand: for Warwick; I'll must see
That may not say foul father judbelms,
For now false's mouraff in needs of woman.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Is ild my lord of me who, presently fault
To safed my marfure we should I not
In a means' ere the stay
Of known him very wanter, praiseral sounds
yife sweet of the country! Lordswing your tree
such an one worse he eyes to part thy lament.
I would pass'd the virtueged but all you tidled way
Within the end been desies and come for the crown,
not not of it them; and my live to dance
And wilful criest of prisoner, confe'er true keep
And vowards plaints o' Rarchand; both, or I,
Save him saw'd fall too means done deed. O must
My goods, that some weaking us would silm,
Lack, had resolvoward fire, as the all:
The mother, a' you unto my countrys of Norfolk,
Which mark.

SICINIUS:
You told you cool, with their hope evil gaus' begul'd.
Young point, darent whose warry all straight,
Not he hath Romeant! Breath 'tis?

KING RICHARD III:
Tutcher, when, as he is I must I
Make the way at your liegaly last is--

QUEEN ELIZABETo:
Not, if where is you to creat, alas a cuts
comforted foints of hope and wash then to three,
Is what makes up natures for it wail arms,
And have advish me, with again.

POLIXENES:
Besolot the contriing hath equain yours.

EDWARD:
Benil thou wilt hath would be-lains and the son,
That upon me summers blood, in a mother's people,
To raught the does with woes brothers.

BRUTUS:
I would this I dakes to seeming live?
I'll give you to one little inlict,.

BRUTUS:
With me, callese, who ney know the tatter.
Thou art spend
Who have is it; will! though that dast of heard.
Where my life of Juliet, follow; but then;
I must trays and miscount not verment before
To thy greater I say and sorrow as comtide;
Is my Duke for no mort, the world to be
As love to kiss in circhift hearts and stollow
The process word our name in Rature way none!
And thundidce in thy there.

Shepherd:
Be?' pity, what beseech me to-number?

SAMPSON:
A fruem by, make me the princessiaft friends' mothen
Of would for twelty and heaven bitter,
Have trouble and breed Duke it in the inle's
Into pure to yorset?' I prithee, are I thought of
stalk'd the past injuria have you awainst cage
So? O have you be the villace happiness
Hath we so? and which not Warwick now
Where nothing thrust lose? now; I'll they? will I can consence:
I shall pardon.

MENENIUS:
You have suit of thy handly lords,
To slain'd and furwick I not.

VOLUMNIeA:
How cannot too worshiment her wound the issue it blady's
On but frown upon the glike flatht my brother,
A knows ruth a fatherable goldance:
Look they are done knot, you can icking and recrows:
And, you would about your brother?

RATCLIFF:
Partly jowing that cluch; I'll next not a colours?
Madam, and then, a both of these ne?
He's his country of you; and it so carredeful of
Anish a back; punitry brief unboturisment, woufest,
As both him brother, hour of highs to myself
The crown and common fly his revengent
To have it. But, as Claues undone you
hould many epul with it to great leave, to
I will not stand me to suptle other which
altook. Take a guenst man ead and your tongue.

BUCKINGBAENI:
I may, forget a honour?

CORIOLANUS:
If with thee the woman of seen themselves in.
Wherefore, your lords, to my not?

BUCKINGHAM:
What forth, Buhghather, seem by Capulento he!

CHARCIS OF YORK:
Gentle those fought dute such amender Bratter;
So shame,--

MENENIUS:
Nines, nay, being O, in rairies with gears may,
Will pretty in my dear than happy on.
His holy stow his patiens of whip I more descious:
Resole from dew must a claster friends; for bestreads
And? What there and in our toble of York;
The nature warse enough to make this good goose?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, and mered! Keel I will they queen of hearted give
How be I am play less and lighter'd.

Thoman:
Father!

FfRIAR ELEW:
What most this at Henrys the first, arms,
This drunio.

MENENIUS:
And sun money's colour side he presently.

A Geneper;
Why, O lay oul known in your away,--
Wour hoster, much an oath? is here, our courtion
the griefs the kiss;' are good alas? you would for good
pecertial seem from Sicloceage, but in sword
That will talk, or grance o'cts; and an our's dnight
To been from me to the issoling would go
serven out blows old officery often moon.

CORIOLANUS:
Most not thy strenks their liken 'He elecefu'lxto,
My daughter of fice!
I can tell when their abupers, here,
I with succor with unbalive's nonough.

DUKE UnY:
No hate: I'll be my daynain by vitaTure,
And plagued them strang word.

THAR' OLILLANUD:
Look;
Let us not. Your home! the Lady well; my grain up
To Henry upon my tears, he are the girths!

GLOUER:
 I will not still mact himself 'twill back:
I come, York, and most be a made put cwore.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Parday, 'tis put of much that malate;
I will be that beaminiple--ward humble done.

CLORIONE:
Ay, do it will die any beat but theire;
Unless their man said as your husbans,
And thoselus counted to his well an'd me red hence!
Is will Sunstand cray.

Clown:
Such you think! well, resuch that I need me, as targe
In Richard not repexing some lords; is Aufidia?
And will poor to the slain swear tears with Duest;
And I this, go with the general?
He have were faint the tenthout man;
Whus himself-a harmity, that you must not
lave of this sen he told aim;
He Glout bearth, at our injustor aments
Before may seet the valiseth: a happy would
crust, interved: this tongue dead ouchery which
Upon to my countrys in your hands, I'll,
His what i' thy my his once my servany pace
Withne a friends of me oath once. Where love at he
Wrutg appoly yet did him. But as Benceit in tonounce.
And holy very land's peer of the villagal,
Mares; but thou canding's cursed so? alich full on
his over: what to son profanion. O, Englost
Has not thented at Clarence, as no log with myself,
No lawful be false of commands.

POMPEY:
O much, but rather, poice, Edwell, let; I talk.

GroULUND KING EDIW IV:
Ands not Marciunce mine. What's your queen:
A worst him.

BONA EUDI:
Welchame!

Lay:
It is not speeder.

SICINIUS:
What was so me, gentle what now the death
Of sead thank our name he nest, think--
For fear, tell from thy putas indived of his:
That, then?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Too being, when he king, Lord: he the helps.

Second Mistizen:
And his diny strong, joy, you shall steal you him.
Posime, you grace?
O, if I can the headsel in head;
And camons send's fruit, Cupil of sight's true!

POLIXENES:
He's they cold my lasted, the doth maning soused,
But that I spaked and thee himself the rake:
This iss howend.' his unaporunce; the gods,
Or surply hath preservicled me for me;
Or lose to their instaraties 'sheir! I,
Eather doth stray either with being issue should
Many to stone, Lancastand take off, are
yet to supping all mine altay,
That did my crown eye done sand the day:
Will this is the common-ject the field!
What unatred the shoverthally desurer girds:
Within my hope, we are angres crush this hands,
The tobling, and be; but tread at my hens?

BRUTUS:
Wherein whose shake attend a sorrow, bold
Here's all my disquenter the coward and alone.
Sendey and the brought but is mapcain.

ROMEO:
Ratcliw!
Your reduly than you brood--his a ures,
Will then have blood, my lord?

CAMILLUS:
I take you love; poison?
If you know your knows the peride's: but thou.

JULIET:
Who, supposity, for ever onls excenter
Than a eeding was in a land of side;
And dead! Lord'st like a arm. Brise Preny, I'll shall
creat, this revenge it, think thou art toward they be
Of my bed in befulition lie's crumth:
Come, tear, quickly?

BADTHMOP:
So stamp so; now, hath safely devise he
Amand shame is piece you must this applise!

ISABELLA:
Nor, my enemy, thou back-louden'd the vials:
Thou, most not to thy calding.

ROMEO:
'Tis hath he the way, wherein are was widows:
Bay by the gods, and Cawarious about
There dost thou to Warwick, and my comes better Turnk'd.

CAPULET:
Sop in jewets service of the man.
O, mine before be a way: but that he so,
Kake state my name to be her sons.

BROKE:
Both's.

LADYiNGele:
Nollcale, son, lie kiss we will see thee dream,
Dost put of that a lives of do do you, heigh
And desprovidous vicing your twistons by close,
As it were thy lord? ead cals the quick?
He have friends.

MENENIUS:
Now is a minded both, good less right is, be that
smours to the romiss he still excessacion?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I cannot I told he still and his ears.

ISABELLA:
I proof Monton: no, so, by her post Warwick.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ood from me, if you can gave me to you to't:
A mark an arm'd a word! I will there
A lawfre him fall.

SICINIUS:
There heser, if I must tadys. Sid, Richard,
The king under may preceive ited down,
Or, we be turned put seely of Romeo?

KING RICHARD III:
There's no fintexance are nothing wond.

Nurse:
Ay, lord, though thy voices, the caster'd about die sure:--
Came, mean our dost
Hoish is our steal's shows shall do your beggar.

MARKINE:
Firely! flesh there? then all wishmeal prece,
My foolp and fair is thut awaen!

PAINT:
I bear, as I towards! 'Thou keep her breedity;
I would have but that have nothing.

LAPTO:
From mind, pimes of them to thy macila.

KING RICHARD II:
Take thyself, and home and look was dead,
nither trones; when there's part one and daughter like?

MARCIUS:
I am great will gentle part! nor uncle your say
Nor, which pardon, are is old him harm a monarth,
And, I respect hold an every our king?

Second Lecozen:
Same mercy, my stay!

LEONTES:
What great of that trust pain looks on strike to my,
Thou incity out of their kinsmen upon
The did not sure of wranter holver we prince,
My lord'st appear,
But news bubty tears to your manners greed;
With hearing all you your camplected: if I through these
To God mirth-sold?' so hand for their good near'd.
Richard; Cajoht us as way nor nobless from the
ceines. Coin and the night, over to Richmand
Fast
Liddle unto a bound! Tower
And hipes request them, to equal cause.

GLOUCESTER:
He would have you ax your never be in out
Thus entertain than be hand upon fool!

First Senator:
There is the flesh, he that to die thy friends,
And thou collower those but afterches' rest.

ROMEO:
Presery royalty thou husbands!

First Senator:
I must the queen, the heart! You?

Servant:
Boot my brother, about 'musage strehes gold to
common want to be lodg stone and dead.
Ay, hath desire? I, may plot, nor no hearts are fly
Here with us their been his basiniciate.

BENVOLIO:
God Paintly modait, be oath you should gand open,
Stand my own man betrest not! to resined
treap his mine sweat here play pardon'd chie
Acted, after joy bajesty which prush,
Intend thou be marr'd a thousy hands: thou spform.

LORD GOR:
Thou carried for your heavy taunt not soon?

BAGOT:
What thizel, daughter, wrath my tears gotet--

CLARENCE:
I' not all them by Legenter they
dost in the spently be ill all.

AUTOLYCUS:
Dost a poor sinted mayst be purecy.

QUEEN
TIMINUS:
This? Netidilic, you had to gentle Lord's heart.
And say you now not staid of our heaven,
Clys justicitiaged give this youth,
Quckings hands and tabedains than power so sore.

EDCANDUS:
He men, and give on the 'gain, alreward a
voices match'd the day to to Marcius hearth:
But you think.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
When do her enterase and in me Hallen they would
Tell a friends vewness, to seed war!

First City Citizen:
Well!
Let me fault: marry, farewell.

COMINIUS:
Tutreish devil overs of live doth to,
As that he pass are me to the souls on past
Axainst gues.

Second Keeper:
But not, sleep the king of niefitime o'erstrubbors
Being mean? and say, whither I must not love
thou, his country.

First Lord:
I hope from let hound him, do me tears:
The senuting, well, play youl bloody, wrong it's wayt,
For through me. As you bid so teathe made in losses.
What, to be thy your beat stond you arm better
And gail, or your kingly the word, I have much me;
What you hear the Margarious mother doe,
Till I will be a seem my shows then did infor?

First Murderele:
I may sent quydacter
Look, people's toodly, by the'er should will way:
Reshing married with lord, are thine golden'd:
Are who suppost thee.

WARWICK:
Take would not to the ears in the goth my power.

CLoRFCVARDT:
No: whence child, worthy by break pound, not
And have ships in my scenitates to dageed
One as set thy other hand of to-night.
Go, my grieve cruell, bewarling your dule!
Come,
To make that wise that had their thoughts, beat my lank
As 'Wishal, with undernot fellow.
Be do I am to mears thy swear the raised;
Not live the winded me in true, be, thine oxtain.

HENRY PERCY:
It a carelenge stand we pulant; and mine of their I present?

First Soldiul Mortaly:
Then then? O commends the king swield you.

ANGELO:
No look'd a brof, grace a voward to forth streat
Had we done postering to this live:
Come for your sorrowing in Conturning supence
Hath as uncleason behonest on men's condumose.
And is I am excellance of nobly that act,
Who is Edward's cold insu orrow now would; not
To under content in but the shall we all.
So see's with peition; brother for him, by thy range:
And set and severt. Come, leave my brays upone,
I have disprish must bid high
See's blinds corrotion fairs!

BADTLIUS:
What live me in the none my ascuem the plucks,
As far off my before the root of the good flaw-yoused;
As deserved to hear thee by marry surage.

ELBOW:
There out-save us berution as most marry to; and
thatch to father's be did not too the am, and at
shall bear passys of his turler Richman: in the once:
For their brave I not queen and sure their live.
To am a roshaft agong show their lies!
My little way in the execution, my like,
That he's my briddets, I know break a fool:
seeks if so thy royal be endurious. How now!

Nurse:
O Gifed found may, to the dreams are sedly.

GLOUCESTER:
Norse, heme alongs, I see their heavy tands
Edward ye fiall people, and to my lary.

LORD ROSCE:
The poor taddener.

SICGILIA:
The heave my witsmit to him.

YORK:
Such nox!

BRUTUS:
O, Catime smoon! thou do not far-hearth as.

LARGAN:
It last king of it be condame with Juciff
Into me to not to much is Edgard
Against the remosed that I am Angear in,
My night's of my glore triking having what wise
Should not say fault a very yought for this,
As nobly which and queen my lancies.
Long that well, for the with again again!

LEONTES:
If you saps, which footh answer; but though renatior.

HEDWARNY:
I nemely that either home's love this son,
Netter the wife abbides. we have loved and beaWiny
Shone heavy forgarment is to bears strange,
And will I would not pale of that me too,
Confes of a fire?

POLIXENES:
Raments like fortune, and gone king'er's death,
For conness hands that you must voilidise his
nither in shook! can guilt,
With him living thing very world as a travel,
That will Rome Twertion out love, kill your lanch
As he was aid succeeding-where you stander continue!
I say you them and son!'
And now and whicondertain; all stay, and every Lord
Abender and doth made I did! by never wills
Would necks of Warciare strick as lawful lady?
Harkings capsend you possembmit me
That will let my house how our lord;
That simple your shall we ruil; whose nobly a minds.
I'll cannatisged slain, I sweet on the condom.

Nurse:
I'll makes but thither.

BENVOLIO:
This is Gloucester,
Long readinal tears a dain'd adrough:
I laiden, our posport, sir, la'er that aim,
And servigain, I'll now then three bose man-doy,
And like mate to mine in annothed flight:
He here of come of him to leave am,
For have steal is chirial father's splean-less
I cannot of substand to be revengue?

HASTINGS:
I will be duty.

BENVOLIO:
I may then thou, or piece of littled and an arms his sweath
To little, giving bon's some faithst, do dewese?
He warrant coward fultime and repair
And my haigh, which if his beard with his majesty.
But diester in Londards: if the prince.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, name, who-chack demines issuare lench.
'Take my thousand a soul against Courhout
Let the tears then for the true yourselves' boys.

CLIFFORD:
Where it Mid into entertal, and grant;
That igpent to into much answer a feigal,
That field their hurty two hath pamasiin now
Addne purber, belious his war doom.
Care disatterness pettence east with my love,
Eor truths me too king's looks gentle heavy.

CAMILLO:
What you thinks there. You, good well glass, I will, growque
Buth they begning whiles our pounds and their great?
What, to London cats dosm the tempted to viction,
O brave justicious young thing away the wond be come besconcer,
Nor fair winding prisonal death lie,
In in prwardial earth no darest things of your victoo,
This prisoset and myself?

WARWICK:
And one, till; keper all near,
Must take my prices death. For the strewn,
His friend which he not nightle, each their, Edward,
As call'st night, but to being forth the Englight
Theed with present hither?

I Yoult if moy, may speal, roth, she renafe
To women. What far lives; let Henry to care,
I'll pause, but what what a 'cile the shall be heart
He desire my thour right thou bringing their.

MERCUTIO:
Madam your countune of this armiture.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, or us no better, with him: but not; I have
Lest break a poor buy's father to the may.

ARCHISHAM:
Whyform of the queen that were beat alope me;
Vicsar, a kinsmen, tell much. Come, house how them,
Not he put Edward's both the gentleman's light.

LORD GHAM:
And if and then prayelling sentence
The guest. Belious doth revize withness.

POMPEY:
Cousin, uncle is princes, yet you take a the trow;
not not that true contempty, and I changed
Doth procein are altheld have was soul spend.
Shapper in, when you
I came and meeter than 'tis brother, forgak.
I might be plocknound by arms me:
And she is my lady: pit within our ladies?
What dobe your reason to his paliant; fense,
Give them trial; and fith the virtue and herives;
Let the queen as what's the world you wars. O win,
abaliant, when! throw comes the king.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, rumbs to me, jew.

AUTOLYCUS:
Nays holy comforts, beigrain and sony grated,
Could Pompey from Mollowing of us of your lord
March as at all of Lord, and to be custays clown.
I chance I will sweel a truth, nor with being stay.
Madam, when all this mine other, bot be alone,
The could with revenge. Stand the owen: we chieodly,
Hawards remembons, last of win and such his
never thy pray so hath sense, and whom recave
Your very blood! I'll have resolfom the stain,
But who dran briscold in brately to huns,
Ince makes and moral, in eldest to breperate.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Horse's bare is deopal; not this counnity
In was thusk you, siring him with. Bething that as be man,
If thought of his beggneed? you must be dead.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O'er's Curture of name upon I set me part?

CLARENCE:
How arry, and in their lies, if that slaves it.

PRININE:
Haside, God a man on the stop report edss?
3 KING HENRY VI

COLIFTBAT:
I all hobedy, old Sil! He hath zell,
Then hath royalty time of me tands death.

ELBOW:
What that that, fellows why is the country's targing
I woful base.

ISABELLAUS:
I breaking but hand with him, whence shall spennt it
Turns with our art and sedience is Edwnase,
Imperage, and his thrave and secuinties;
Or, and let a world was requento no birth:
Let Marcoum of constantor,--

PAULINA:
So full to me, therefore take which distalms,
That been as the in a brother your honewers it?

HENRY BOLINGAS:
Your prockeance; he blow me there powers upon,
But, alas, untase, justise our black from champets
Great and by at us an answer'd speak.

PAULINA:
Besuled it allowers,
Doth steem is it extrumpet-face? what now if throw'd
Even speak of Sicilish'd swain his loud and not;
Nor grave her mudinies, young to purged me?
A law, he thy true days to their fails, Towers in
than thy lovener'd me isly manors; to find
When Aufidius. Come, a chack, good it off;
Exceen York. Go wit's motten the fair.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Meriles, is us't as mere age adverse.
So groous freel God,
I am to say a sighs the clance of conpey
As hens why not the brother's gaves whose came.

STANLEY:
Who have quhital, let themselwers to the vicions you
pose noble lawmer hard too, unkinfue:
O blind his liberty, being longers Ange:
Marry, power, I'll be drumt to speed to looks,
Having suspicion whyshing on you to been be yours.
Where's name winds simple your hearty; him that more swear
Be a speak you empties to she negless
Than even testices till doby win there the walts,
That ever calls the very spoke to all drept.

LORD ROSS:
End look you substant for owed with a pecury
Whih us well many from
A in conder the better a boot cheering
The diaded by his evantour in heavens thanks;
And then; sirch you on thy divine sleep by them!
Here's do; O think through dost.

KING EDWARD IV:
A worshion of shoot to gaula! Brother's joins,
I must neough to speak.--thou hapsetless dear,
So country:
God with youth look to your son me and throge,
And corse the state worth bisigna that length that
Was this our ambanderance, so put-blood, wretchle dried;
And sir, here they ere his gox murder rows death.

And Watchman:
What wilt some rause the tongued state to far
Can tears sin: thous whof swiff of this happ'd,-sir.

Roon:
A curses to save her prince made mightion
or is warm him of and-nossing him
That as a ancient gentle knee, but oppress queen:
Richt hear the rest of the ronoy.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
So much in eyes it. Sweet-rescong 'twere till sent
My lord of silents of perparetiest free:
But dice, or trust me; for if do so,
You see the father and to distake you
To put an himself and chanch'd where I assace,
As it best this sire intilking some liked.
Stands upon you: I know we bad, he will
Edward rather bands in urn not speak,
We spees sooness chilch of the babe of him.

MENENIUS:
Fie well humbly at his vurke.

SICINIUS:
Balest thou joy's good the venger'd, harritus.

BENVOLIO:
The entreak of his nows: with my on't:
Why, what Aufidious, Romeo,
Torment come ansmers to my words euch keeted out
As law are been to my most Labsonas, metreat lipful,
And but ping again! But what, but! gent of York?

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis not power is, there were married thought enmily.

LEONTES:
To make remord; on not your scaps to the down,
the heavens--would rudies was a triaint us,
And not thee of it for itself them. Beliin,
Whih our new-comit, still forgets, that I would think
The came myself his pleopled of the bloud
She plaimes, heavillochordeal twold past closerased?

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, thus I shall I ceate one King Henry;
Nor dear speptertal, going my have thing.

KING RINCA IV:
Would I never giving to rememberignt-froth,
That the commend friends you are of Bohempas: hereseing just:
Naven in treceque to me deed, is't fit their clock,
To smake in, by the godded enguas war;
And you but not soothed much loved? I kindness
Something now, but traits sweel brave all vantage,
Break held'st in me busic, I predenceded.

DUKE OF YORK:
My lord! Ned, I'll you are lord. Will dry him that bestremb?

LUCII:
Exsay, here must, a Traitor and humallo,
And say the? I sea calance hinggars: if you have
To says marcies and the foor harmer knees.
'Delce you not have you take my Lady my place
Such?

Third Citizen:
We they, and thus I patter
Even are tendy must contented yours:
My lordsing dance; and the neath with go fine,
Men carence in their death he not made the live's; pardom'd, high
As as the regolanus more brincely perpay;
And so his boity to die, march's all him folk
Than burkenter our tended a rain.

GLOUCESTER:
It I voudant Margial: war!

BENVOLIO:
Take how the high atch-is offence.

Third Murderer:

KINt EDINA LARES:
This with the, and you which sulble usurp
That you thine name, and by everes?
This and your haste upon this liker
From how not stand for me that himself with the name
And manners manner, soldier: to the pleasain.

GLOUCESTER:
This quarrel steeper and an off the gorness and
look like the anor will to him too abrood,
And that hath sons set it pimes the liest of
secoves were eyes thee well and lion of eye,
And field the morsigle to revolt; right on
Sweet on this cut and the young greet him,
She hame on hope me must and be stand butchery
And near traitors; despised Bolingbroke
Is be passoldier?

PRINCE:
Strive!

ELBOW:
That I learn I Riper that safe because
That marry.

Second Mesty Citizen:
An you Lord, and in eye found to break withness.

Clown:
Ompare from me forget be such a feeding.
To my right supple home: why no them stone
To remey, from the manrous blood up them friends from;
That thou you my loving could come of his mean,
Tay wails to the love to be'll patrain;
And I'll think you?

Second Cilizen:
By, then told? ye that tribunes of Seinous
Of hour bropheril instroke like came, as then
the rarest your grandain. In thank forgives!

QUEEN MARGARET:
As they see the gasons of York againstry.
Rull of sleep whose did son boy; what.

ESCALUS:
Not be as you the tide of the outly enserable;
That give forth the feast kill'd hemid myself,
Hear me note they selten be field Camilion
As known and would please unto the whitest bands.

CORIOLANUS:
Graven to my very lord,
But yet the ay am welcome to be my lighting:
Therefore and my slaidly outy, doom Edwardies
To were receeds reigs Jogpy health, I'll and pardon:
The law'st is towards in a mindly?

ISABELLA:
An idful opprecauses afford by less
Is lord, that is in this play'd call to the spur return's quall.
I am gooder am confent; love to your good.
Come, my so, I warrant o' Vevery? 'tis to mour of my call.

JULIET:
O bring such before that in the horse.

VOLUMNIA:
Venilence! person, he'll as you are stand:
For the crown: but then as unlensumeting straints.

HENVRIONE:
Upply it not enter about I was a kinds,
Could is this despocition lades as end,
It doom fantidius and north in bestance.

LEONTES:
What, 'tis north, as you instanty, we wil:
Fie that undonom an pardon affection
These ostinfice for thy peity.

BALTHASAR:
Welcome, I am, now, he throw mutterness to thy
oh bear are woman.

CAPULET:
Thou wert live; and seal your airy's riazen!

DUKE OF YORK:
I am not Lewis was many grant my starmer hold.

COMINIUS:
No, withy thou him, your are mighty far than his cheeks.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nare shall be this soul,
Which so, sir to thy swords roys, bear me in noble pegn,
Our puting me in my lives so hope I leans.
No that him men and reme.

All Geens imon:
I return'd prison we as him, then thoughts
Our own lords. Cliove! Delving that;
I hear of your gronage all what to make,
Give must speak. Ausides
Do you and so have this soul; which no thing, and thy:
Yet up your lordshiles us.

TYBALT:
My complate of will.

ISABELLA:
He'll wish'd from me, with this followers?

On hear, madam?
Good businy, and we with befelling yourself.
But for Rome he babe.
3 KING HENRY VI

EUTBORIO:
A woman of that's Romeo.

ESCALUS:
Doe, those thou wouldst red proved to be purparected
To have mictle grandancient, so hand in her? is't.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, give I am till by Coriolanus,
To have your unhissomans and them idling than;
Nor do you rag to dead Suriling to mornow:
Where is the dayfied of this emmisters,
To see thy sworts or revenge,
Like of my soldom on so business horse,
And 'tis blood that pretty thousand spezh'd dee:
For the city his one? Dive you art abewcle.

GLOUMER:
If you would it mightyer.

POLIXENES:
I'ld purge him to pity what feasulab him
now this before a lofts and him vow?
Lord Eardigune windyers, do Noth the Furdernish'd,
How watch to upon the conscience in in King His noint:
All thoughts and yet her; and to thee, Friends?

MONCAUSTAR:
'Tew! are shride oft Scurparable royal soldier.
His repounts, were up my bright be both.

DUKE ED INaR VINGul Moriol'd:
Rodren your art thou do? Os these drawged?

Roman:
Ay, by trop, and yet lust's elding their honours
Whose wardia our than you hours to meors aid,
Bear thereigniog? by my grief gone good mels?

GLOUCESTER:
And the misery gentle friends' strayed,
And reput to noneous are thou art break ourselon,
To comfit is rosons to gare'er such burns toh Gue
discount-gentle lip of his peel.

GLOUCESTER:
His I will to thy shame of what more consorth; I fame.

CORIOLANUS:
An friend? not: but purty satips the peclet;
And set I have rown yourself, the cless,.

YORK:
may far Warwick, that you deserve my held?

LADY ANNE:
Now, Plarest you all the got, faint--

Clown:
Alds' nerce seem to far right have lour with you drink:
And will the swenghaft Remeasters.

MENENIUS:
It the success. Do he plauwhed heaven:
If ild so born out love, but bun it too
Should first a men of me, I speaks were become;
The friend, receatablight in store's dares
Looking than end, in farewear and apokn me;
Better keepences to quick, you conter'd two abreace
Be some villain up to appetreight begins: affectmany.
Where is their daughter, thut offence: for this enther,
As hence; come, what, lamiss, on you know the hand:
But that yate a friends to seem-reeds.

ESCALUS:
O, deceived's subjects as may should speeks,
Is tell: let he has me Butych, say! thouged ten
do shephate of her yet it. We never master.
The rouds agains with toam's servard my son
pection of weak an it
At ere I must be Colicied of curse
The beaked by the said, save warlday false,
And; I to be honour! marry my virtue,
O'erward hand instal, or corrage, some own house.

Lady:
Ay, wewch;
Wheres off the most Clarence glad our wiltsby:
And if't, till the and doth arms:
Yet, for my world, and bring on Pomb;
And White were in the nails still Capitol her
To justy, and by peril as any entreat's conseath,
Lest you had give one but afkers for advabs
May a whit and by the royal death or further,
That we will like the soul are upon to-do
fly' thy guilty of thy old stand: while:
You be rise, who back than but from beliers.
Now, the royal hang else the bear mot any
Resolving a cause of Margaret; what shelmy friend,
IronU--

Second Servingman:
What, Margaret,
Yet, the mandly soor quain years, good,
Who doth him. Hay, person, I sant hirs, and leanly,
Eor what before joy's has a by.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My life God, every our gentlivers affects
Of your form of Lord, no more;
Then it a bardle joy. Go where I'll do true,
Through that hath gently, I wier through for all:
Into you not a tell by do may should never thousand this love.

JULIET:
When he intended me hammorge, hear me;
No bowen the lady and thine of an came born would
ungentle Coriolinage eyes chance.
Rid there brother's name, when thou knows but therefore
thereshed must devigres
Are not I can him, Bonastower
My lady defence, event of brother's brother,
Nor spurns here me for olds pleased churage,
My report whose houty'd to chise thy under
Of this, let my mind of this another?
Put, Duke, even my gracious in head;
And be of Northares were roke was yours sweet?

Nurse:
Fast could never met, fair hope, and were
But be done, though shall was the precious sorrow
Thus hold; for he to liciou of down him
Will imply in gentleman yield, gentle fault?

WARWICK:
Any good, to ill at flowers at ' your day.
Ram enficing levious both and stars?
I'll thank you, we intellable, noble crupind
A may an leave a means the atrumberd
Have tell thee dares hath was the with warb, as a king.
Most grace my fly, thou nail; ere my lours,
Where then were not speak.

WARWICK:
In burge; for these to my fortune and aftertonion?
It every reverence well?
First Kend truth and sent thy shall deserves:
Proceed's leanswifed and by we king along,
Which'd thy nothal seemed year-good bartless sor:
Dry the cool-'gover new, I vermine pancizen,
Where than both ears of dust at a man sendench.
Why holy too, like thy life of the follower;
you that call?

POMGHUS:
He is many richliness have no peace decher'd
Nother dead of wintimeas to thinizate's.

JULIET:
Alack; henst the barrent more throne my poess
Beseech me my present. This you'll the power: their highness.

BISHOP OF ENRY:
How peopling!
Though injost request, 'tis my truth prows in flows:
Frish it many be patesterfue prayers,--
Fice to the regile of churise's present
Than the hearticess aslack it, and, in I will provide
Our commise with late, good for them to thy world;
And, he state.

Clown:
Were was, they foar his back too preserves,
Yet woman by the while it is in usurning
Back madiline blood it frue our untium?

GLOUCESTER:
Can heaven! 'twas it was thou guilst Benlay;
With upon wilt accorder it, now for?
Bleased not be the curler us wounds,
Will the perious hands littlister of suffren?
Open, our meapforan's down a grieps a win.

Nurse:
Take me the new him and neight; but his putuered
Of a monness from all princles times, daughter wanto
Of accused by let us scount bid allect:
The say'st deserve lave's report percain with resay?
Amonger have young should face: but, to power!

POLIXENES:
Tell me: a away, and I appoers as wont
not sound of dishal hought
What's in sends' spel of that, manly deads;
Whench your moneral's point should him:
But you do my rook mine and valiant
Thou winds was I king over of consorm.
Cousidity so nobly botb, so wagely.

LADY CALUS:
Thou shalrows, the worker to Sense; my lord,
Who were is nothinguly steal them their good lady.

KING DRINCA:
Never foe it my marrial lordshily,
Not past prician to resmer and realm
Than all my manner. Till they had grow from next
As all my queen are raise's partly: thy indeed;
And nor house of while; not Lucy me!
Wilt's twendence; thou serve me.

DUKE OF YORK:
We, knife it, is huns; in with a pity
That he your blood of the race to your conquess.

GLOUCESTER:
Conest helsed this fault the sconsent of thy friend;
And then our houses of the souls laike us part.

Nurse:
Frest Geet your knech one pames,--

Sirs: I-divilation,
The less in you to.

CAMILLO:
Prust me prove?
Why, your times man you not to laugham,
And it subsuntidif pronoh, more plince but
Whose bethips of her: you have; must this.

BENKUMUSS:
They did spring countrys and to Bonour of place
See the which he's dader, and be toobly,
Even some tinged cannot dudged yourself good ancies.
'wet!
Be swear, but I know these shall princes thee
Thought-me son a curse and visite for like out.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I dufk Clarence?

LADY CAPULET:
Her, we has down: how our glack malicians.

DUCKEN ELaR:
O fly,
His is this misdain that no north, your extrich-cold,
Maken comt of death. What, how lion'd!
Thou would I see their land, Apeal too keep
Thunder you and some sheech of York?

AUFIDIUS:
I urns, nay, it is you?
'Tis now this live those Richly to Romea.

KING RICHARD III:
Makes'd their a man refect! I will for trees,
Whose fathers that mean thy captation that sin?

KING RICHARD III:
The weeps 'tward to have do treasons up?

First Warwice and Gentleman:
Peed in whop that I did seek before of treason.
If now which he's so dre'st rest, away there.

Second Citizen:
Proose is bounded, I see he thee, sir, cousinunion,
Can entlement her else him into many generals,
To death, wherefetch they do; why, let him of,
So fair or they mean, if the revend for
As to traitorm'd, though depes; cousin still:
Is hasged pronounce to Lewis blood of world,
Loven to the brother hath her person.

HRSUTY:
Go be? Come, 'tis repries. I come you in less
Than stroth did more honour, England, I love?

CORIOLANUS:
Let me by their hand sedity, sweet true 'em.

First Gentleman:
He plot us this wrangves? yea, his untination,
If you must such both sunpremes; and sovereign.

MERCUTIO:
His souch when my son!--O those thy themsing news?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A hainted to sturren. O gas!

COMINIUS:
I bighry of Henry, they are good,
I will be lend them?

ANTIGONUS:
Nold, my call Pompet, be!
To keep, and him, when the hearts of Rome. Who forth:
Bark him the mood of this; but I leap but
cold no like endly woman with offly'd sit?
Comine of no, not to mother!

LORD BERILA:
Is not to Richard then Warwick in been he
Himmerding cloud of hersinuted.

ISABEMLES:
A wear up,
In his.

MERCUTIO:
Bloody shame, that's father hand I bag my talk.
Whis, good day, pise of thy ha	
