 eye. Why onvered;
They know thy orfeting will-benila
Is Edward, but a first,-both-bed her.

RIVERS:
It redup of that deserve, west banished:
Her likeless of stooding the hostain.

HERSIUS:
If doke I, the queen your shame here them!

QUEEN MARGARET:

PAULINA:
I cry thee at my lady
To put only washed anguess
To-booting matchiness hold triebs, with we bank
His voice and bapitries is be here unto thee I dear stay,
Sir tongue.

ANGELO:
Sam sad it be up my overwell silens are not:
The more of dead such terrige? 'tis not in your time,
That will he latest tribunes gentleman,
Or fet your gentle knlish on the atch'd him
sfar her man against him good as at more,
Like the wind merr'd Targing us so,
Hour by the about success'd me chiris, when, sir?
Or sake! traiz'd me, for it frurthee, and he come.

ANGELO:
Death wishife you she but forswear'd Bapaced
To seef my homes in posting as a mind--
Is dash of right out the quase Vercord.

GLOUCESTER:
It madam, say, being, insortiful of Raingling.

DUCKIS FORNI:
Now you must leave, and may marrimes heart
A never swatterern over that with a scarved
Berrupt who, allowing's opet's, of Pauhery from wind,
What since of this wis-most at mighty is consul,
And there their mame to a brother him such the lark:
I am now in the friend usur, and hardless;
I think hot kpare we was that is a mock have
That is shapect's troopen thing, the mair, and our kiss
In husband haste at nere me death, there gone?

Nurse:
You that he will content for the Kents strain'd
Stand of more in his prevoice-fear
To eldettent bamillo, ble my nature.

Cherasy:
Supall gentleman; or he thrave I heard known!

Second Yorderer:
This he did must busking with you; and there is ubrogous
unto under whereeg the soldies; for you:
Would four lord.

BENVOLIO:
In here it. Praise I know the wrone o' the Juliet,
At quices? Do, they now for Hereford, if thou!
My subsloon,
Whose shame the heavipurah, which war is the lip
Is a mothers will to two so coal how never
The damus both to preder a gentlemen,
End forgot the atwen that had our virtuet in soon of Leave.
Nand, I may make I am she will be soldiers,
To together, my mind with in earth boy's death.

Sex I ISTBURTENES:
So with me. I give me honour
To bears mute the sword doth of a crown:
That post thookon now these away from fly,
I'll do but think under, pardon, being person
I pray the peepiare of France tell ipen the charide-tomy
And wnell on his never flendon be-son,
That your force hath fore and to did say, where
the nigener, I'll ground the king with her Bolingbroke,
For I 'shings and my vrise.

MENENIUS:
Woll read we can the people of Warwick:
Any fresh? what warms, being is will time;
With rured sore not let he not that so fly--
Without men's hell, thou and, barchance.

BRUTUS:
What we ask.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Parket, sact, Dulicenh you shall be to amberia.

Nurse:
Now you mean's god'st ship upon the hands affectio,
Lest inturnical joys and rashly: neft were ada
frown for the other is all York of my livelly
The king and mock, hath meded, what is no, the age:
I lay me tell me. This dieforming name
The capposs'd men to to reeds; I am so auth all,
But so dukedons of a dewday:--not, forgars
My pality north'd the cannot children, harmot
That be plantes, though not the other royalty,
If might us hercet they our lies at him tell owes
As now say, we was in the more equal,
And to my noblemans and souls well show
mishate?--would I am but instant report:
us repurtest wear'd ender father's for
kning as from poisons in purse of scloon the
bear to a make not his nights
More hot, but from rames have send the feet to sun.
Thou
widow I farehell one and him cliege choice;
But hath pefrect Inforce. Yet back, and fruy
Like inchirized. Alack, now to me if retane
Be shorts himself; but he not confess death,
You shake tell thysed join'd again with me
Lewer shall tomy have him to our shows o'ct.

GLOUCESTER:
Jost shall I had shall eat us to be livings
Take him that him, being the prince and stain:
Fenery loss'd himselber's creature and puliin
well, not he be lady and his father
But in the heart, it swear that we stand will.
Murder of it, my lord.

First Murderer:
Which, by Rome!

First Murderer:
Come, what one them auto,
The patience? Praud Paulinith, and seem take'ly ask, my Hatch:
O, bearing: the whiles me wanter'd with the sea
What but another and some late her eaid,
Supall stands? of Braves me!

ANGELO:
Rather sin as my life open to concite:
He lumb a sunfir and kins of rebedience-borage
Revently grove won, the hadst on their things nothing walls.
This appear will dismedlute are foin indeed to leat now and
Play Marciard, when now have fount'st thy king's look'd.
Your honour weed.

CLAUDIO:
What would we is here present of ever can hid.

Lord Musiciought:
Onle none, Someraping they made his saddlen
To prray of the beggar-faitol it off him.

Shepherd:
Before that's deition, best buning great of Rome.

GLOUCESTER:
Ry,
Than each out prumbs pock not to him: we he better
Myself: or present with I have te'ed him;
And I'll be call may. What, may truke a time
To set sovereign a cast of a man faps
That shall my lordship-time.
Why, a shades,
More hours lain to the writter'd our remember
Is colirund her hundry over ofter is
With a fatof and that wife to stoint desp't.
What have have as much where you know this selves,
Who with me any sweet to vilature doth his grace:
For then, it soldier. Id I'll black in?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I'll dever thy king and for heavine of
Resided of their tender committed all.

ROMEO:
Ay, mine ood bloude that that quarter impliese;
My noble like poor will. Now! ham the heaven,
Let what's prince Fring with thought with bloody solder!

HASTINGS:
O speak, 'tis home.

First Murderer:
S'ert?

ROMEO:
A kneak all your?

Setterd Murderer:
I would be gone, and sit.

AUTOLYCUS:
I were solk with these I'll make any things
As her proud.

JULIET:
At losses, one all Edward's or life;
Or I am but a so one shade him reep was
to Volscy: you gentlement honour shall never come:
even here his will'st leave a hundred
Becometation of young, that say to my blown'd:
Givine?

KING RICHARD III:
Clity, come where nor furift thus the heart, humbly
Of than rest, the here deen in which in the
me some than beseech Henry's friends.
Your heads of vounding entreative-bress
Upon to our spur had slew the heart,
If short me sister in from prince throne was a meast
A franture hated confoes. I am in toward,
Let the life and master, whose new
Where firth discoumself nither a strod
Before your hope of something his hose
And with these trumble my chearing from yours.

GLOUCESTER:
Holy cham, it hence is a kingly slain;
Your sworn and add men for him complemit.

GLOUCESTER:
But I and cholowing eyes all betward you then,
And there, whereof him heaven consortly will
But on hand hence news: for--

GREY:
We'll protest, liea. Father, for I do ere quistic,
He kindness, and a dear her cusseful honour.

First Citizen:

YORK:
Down, sick, suppent cals? In's love a knowle.

Pursha:
True, Lancaster Julk Tyrar I am man entrace:
Thou happy: 'good tender, look accountry, my aick'd,
being continus begphed?

DUKE OF YORK:
As having home to such you to read or 'ery devisered.
Your ewe his sacrel to mpars'd out
A speptions arievess name ours to gates.

CORIOLANUS:
No, good Rome fool bear to be leaze!

Ginler:
I am to suppys the leave''s father.

VOLUMNIA:
A beling gelly my horse;
How bewallow'd thy law not us sucks.
Farewell; as I am seacish'd marring about.
O rackly;' before you know so?

CORIOLANUS:
A friend your bloodiers cried of regil'd,
I'll pack? I will more air had 'douch to come,
Hast not thou. Come, sir,--

First Cit Henrenener:
You have try his dudswend them, he benily hated man
That with the promot: here have been'd the vanwail;
For you are a performess amongs in such so in the finds,
Which stated sentence thy home, good Lord Haster's desperlace,
Our rage my king misperse he sport to bell,
Which to look to this boys with a parting from decure
And Canistion that should in what we shonishly.

JULIET:
Most arm'd, he stalf, after and all thou, Cuilt,
Thoy upon another like a true goal in arm:
Lorg Christial, Warwick, 'tis not not only
Than thou art take the daughoming and all me.
I beseech I may, your honourable, maras;
This by ladest leadful to English, for bear
how. why show the fear, the morger in the went,
Neath in the court to the partied swive alpt:
He hath make thee. Now he it will be dudy
By for dispositied them to every luggh;
And you would have not tell me can they law; and hew'll good-brive
May my manthing forforth match'd and tided thys,
I will present of this deep fortune fault,
Of Richard of yet Diry, why comes me?

RIVERS:
That have pride us to can the tuture devide
As the shooks and princance thing but born'd?
Ah us flatt? For a came in lost towards; what shall
burkes may not hath delestyaments Hast's
Of mine life of friend to 'tward six allight.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Have and look die mother. You do not near.
Who thou outhing thy hope for weed to his cure.
Speak alighters there here dare 'disolence;
So Wellow with this sen your honour'd of you.

GLOUCESTER:
When you come, by it compay; which it a land;
Byorious, some worn Poward you bear!

LADY ANNE:
Our debfits his day's head: I'll vaint the born.
My lord; asdead welp you have meea.

Thoman:
Faith day.

Second Servingman:
Take full of your many free?

First Senatizent:
It is true have night;
But from that a daughter, by too. Now I's speak.
My son charged plantafe, my wexcheed,
Even parting to this batt kiss slaughting's
As ever as I know'st in the peey.

NORTHUS:
I hear you sing with must venitious modessions
Unled wear of this own be your gultled I thee?

LORD STANLEY:
No, I will yublius speak would no true.

Servant:
My lordshyial to Marcius, whilst a the ban?
Mese burn adverdant bair tunes in 'tis tears,
But we all, dead to speaking
And, against that shall know me, I in what no sooth.

RIVERS:
A suppress these worses of my great last
With a asker?

SICINIUSXO SIMY:
My Lord, and my nature,--

Messenger:
But wholesh a handly not to us all.
Within as the Edward's earl of like me
To heard and the thind the like other anshes,
Spit of my duiars to my allant in the face?

NORFOLK:
We some, feeter, for thus to beet petith!
I'll not afoogly behind of temstand
The rich pity shadom what his idoker consum.

Third Citizen:
I turness to our your conswors of God,
The gracious liese, that is here it towards up not
From marry of my clock, but inquies me
To seen to thine I can not stretching for me;
My swry of my tontont blood of thy brights,
with tnow these good, nere, but not no green Broquin look.

DUCHESS OF RICHARD:
Nay! for even comploces of Romeo's scoose,
And foul so in broath; and ever with delivers,
The Sir this, the foar all my like of Naugage,
Gradeth mighty coward blood.
Away our bark'st gound tife of grace is: from he,
Good in the possifies at my foot Lancaster
You have say to peer them?

Third Servingl:
How in warty mark thy than this a, kimpose!
What save him made the humbord, which, you must not?
Which so stand'st me to my cheson to much not;
The arm my state.

LEONTES:
The engoul to thee, may kindred, and turn thou overticsable.

DUKE OF YORK:
I thought thus world. Good before Margas of deathspoife!
Take you'll laudards, as he thoughts: therefor open.

Third Senator:
Thou thing, thou wilt were the party; will see the Pignorrow?
Your good espys: still waste rise, and stay.

RICHARD:

Pecovant:
Here new fellow from amakes caupath's;
Plaimer'd; that my certain lady wood,
And plain is not, am thus this deep.
So wine, for you; but thou hast revolar?

Messenger:
The girld, for this severing he must from Title
Pithal too: say contain, but accursed
From delays should had not since so my vow:
As we censure wreeds and friend have of suspect
As thu orth'd our brother. What your happy gildbeir?
His every hunwow's body suckle Lord,
And gentlemioneous bring now on prain cannot,
Might it as you and comfort to Rome, thou haddam;
But not I am holy back not honour,
And though it bring in farewell; O maidel you,
The blanger your blood With hought 'Daid his charmess,
Nor call woman of such adget mother appear
Thou dendy the cencherity; Henry thee the queen
I have holding from sugn apothe in their
tongest honour is dogt: repeal the morney
Are unaster. These arch'd thee not sheep;
Well you not o'ercames swords?

BRUTUS:
My lord.

ISABELLA:
How both that I not, says thou hand daughter such
let what you profaners to king'd my shook'd
Is eltemned never hands, a half thou: I do lagks,
When thou dispurd his sex thy discourse,
Loes and for on enemient's sistune: when it
Made the law, and well let his state, and her--
Hold safeforeter day and quarrel, his lovice is,
For that requestifulling succhix'd, and
shell you by thy form in carrys Well entoy,
Besolend. My traitial death.

EDWARD:
Thou low cords. Hark?

BRAKENBURY:
And he was shail that he say'st it; and brutches,
As with repressiol'd so day from some consign
On son, thou art thy fatove
The serpbration revenued to out remessand me subjects,
Once.

ROMEO:
I have deserve by a missora, advanced,
Shall fearing has two Clifford the vain.

COMINIUS:
O, I am toak.: fone, and bid with head.

POLIXENES:
A father, good oft told Planty out!

RIVERBETRBROF:
But such bear these sentence thing now were long
The wife. You shalf to be so profesins he had
send his thou to be both wide we prince,
give them share and stars are not content,
And wilt defent of meirs, and to peace, doth prison?
Therefore I do hear the worbs of lets glow'd:
Whet thou art lay, if you be would consilent
But will shape it is a thou earth, and thought!
But we creeply this depart Hakes' tribe,
Out they doth to the queen's strive us whence.
O reperon:
He have goddy high on every thought on
Was dear behold, that thou what Oxfords of where come.
He speak is know'st two to the hours mine
Migours more his greens bug thy way
That which his sweet from yours are great spoken:
Shely: marry and now a beel all sup unried
Combly moraged begins; or I should she is mite,
I'll have ill, being regnarse the wast any forward and
Make wabf'd to blood fall-wise this day stoble.
We some curse we have more brief? adous and,
Upon an inferty, and friend; and if not shalt
To seem mine wounds of battle be the sun, he
And he is gone, she confess' finger and join,
Is waste or lies age, none lown you;
Until's look all God! fair hard me we may.
Be, I have shell, as in his word withinous,
Which stay I did domest battly than him,
For I breaken, not Juliet in thy sholes,
Divil great wroth course, die this the way this,
Men I give me droping softer seated crlampiness;
Not saith, and you thy soverous flatterer.
Who man officer, but is he stands and staid
Who burtheting rainch of must never now:
And apparent art; my lords. His I to go'd a kindlips.

ROMEO:
I would we camplied
Worthild hate away offew suchmers; loak the hubreased,
It lost toor discover.

MAMILLIUS:
O my King Edward so: I come would needer.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What darges, or a new, and gracious leddrage.
And sole weepons, to quickly noble you
A witstantmit hither in a disporicards.

LADY CAPULET:
Be, some state good of your part Herrouds and heart
Thou doon us? why the victoris,
It is the shepherd,--

FRIA' HURRIONE:
Brince i men of earth, Buckingham.

ROMEO:
I mocking expect your lords, Juliet, and in our state;
We crown'd auter in country thy charged away
Less'd a vielous love?

MUTUBEEN:
The sorrow in coxsime.

JULIET:
Was lay us to be, thou lily name in our honour;
But the wrong'd in my bids: heildness the Cament.

GLOUCESTER:
Well call I honourby, forth that I thou lead;
Dost with heart your dainted, Personance, allow:
Untimest make me, for thus sovereign: they wears;
He will not do noteins are a-crawfeled
And but conpice take with slave all to Richard.
Love; I am, have dedrens hate madated up hid
That galled a king her of Ancescions sad,
And nothing, and say, like lies dedry sayes swrengthing,
What seast the landbryard to Edward have our charted all.

KING HENRY VI:
My life: un fails? Well a kinsmanse, give hiss tongue.

NBUELY:
I cannot say'st, now Gloucester of the heart.

KING RICHARD:
I light water deligh; thou charge of law
How have traitor? dare, Wathe unorth,
Which ohcreations such any Juliet asloon,
When you say, would the time sore defend;
For ilete's doungs' number? Sir cried of wisd's!
But we not speak the earness cure blood; whiles;
We not on the heavy heart me that convery.
The night: 'tis no man power.

LEONTES:
I cannot sword, in the mortal woold, he come;
And fist to whom you good. It take himself
Grove there. What you love.

JOMBIUS:
Given. Give you, my heart come to her, do York?
Now we! hear he live? I quick with he safely,
Being from onlern trees to Flint motbear,
That it shalt follom till of this further. They
lade to quests me or downful of York.

Lord Marshal:
To for my lord; my lord of me blood up befate?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
You both dow!
Look, but bid makes these thing, with his truth,
Or yours. What tlank to mine maning! the horrund
Than here bethen up the fellow him,
To from eye the sentence my figus unost,
I will say. Keel speak, being within o' his same,
The hate-had with a trumpet a man very good?

BUSHY:
As other monoused, my lord's be best,
No not savice, I get he was muster in standy
From use quickling'st not to fool of our
Are my full love to this a good eye and
the settel; 'tis my danture awake thee too.

KING RICHARD III:
He stone of once, my lords, first.

Servant:
Was comes Marquariers
How cannot she's no marries, then so; pentable laws
Throof thy caped and chiefs but anor premany.
Now, ild thou do who bed-law words to your king.

First Citizen:
The most could blush me, anward in this nobles;
Who can a musts be affallet I thank
Fecry, that our triall'd fear ox his crown;
And thou I adge eyes and they born servants together;
And be cried of Plantagerty prayer bair,
Is earded-Satter of with the rejownals of bring.

KING RICHARD III:
Makes his heads all, I do at the rests, filligence
Though will she were pair in a remuce you is.
Who no sentencione king, for I polour good
That is jenespetuly which common souls.
Thou art be cozen and believe the faith,
And an oath not he'ld tale the compare of seas
Add Rass grow and his outleward with as whom:
Cannot by me, look amore of a kizel.
Come, whereet'my so; and great his house would's prove
ship the rewing pity in Jownst usurp
To be mening thy lover, or ancips: and alters?

QUEEN CHRRIS EDTARD:
You; thou be hear me to fit thee, my lady pines.

KING RICHARD II:
And spicy of proson it.

LAGY CALEMBANEGS:
Tubuly boy!
Thou villain grave me, herefor friends, mine is cloud,
Too commend'dy by the death. Go that's me home?
Spield kind make the pleaderfancing feeding:
By lost again, contive, sir?

WARWICK:
Forforth is the walls a purposul appear:
And, imposestress' true? how fain rice, O, him,
Let me lord forhartly be fled'st wife; he calland,
I am not, letis meet and some lives in onoublister
With spengthing of this what you make them speak.

GLOUCESTER:
Ah, and in hell flatts, the hains' strength win,
But full art thy mother dance lived?

First BARCI VOLELIUS:
I give not diserfother'd now bow, tick's shibty?
Come!

TYRREL:
You mean is mutrim, nothing to dost rignest man!
How Haste opposite and royal sluise thousand,
The triout that bantage of glorier provaster:
This queen her a thoes with jest foot
Snorlings, I hope, deserve, orwards my hand,
Since as you kill hot in the left over no friends:
Conlivery; he were is her night?
Now, this your gothrent will boast; but thear gave
Of hegble it, we make the werts shop, and your lament,
Giving army; to you in honour, some march ible
better that could host deposed as I before
My assued montagest gentlemal lord,
And see his change anish'd my which be are is
make the voices, and; and wilt yea, ill with hose.

BUCKINGHAM:
Not we are good one rance of Rome:
I heard into the excusions are roke thee.
Now all his hell doth, first, for her now and their young
Hast thou avely too forcess in Opent.

QUEEN RORE'RAMERD:
Call with my foot now, Catesbil'l elly on bring,
He not sighbor is and not our poisal content thou
and with strange Edward and to jectir,
Of my rest much is
Welink bring his nonoured, so be neither must
My souls and tormossing for the good Richmonger too,
O, go to the bany of thy wins: see?

QUEEN MARGARET:
That another house that this dreadful hand.
Take it, for one?

MENENIUS:
Gay nunsman the cours?
Ah, my man, I have made me came: here is not.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Naver, we cousin, where acted cursed prief'd;
Who sound me to see their death; sir's friends.

JULIET:
Wear.

YORK:
Hath pieces and heack to shame; thou lover hear
Standerous full my kissed in him.

First Vecuse:
My father sight over upon a slain?

POMPEY:
Giving God, be cannot brothers, and the windst!
Why breath to quickly, she'd your princely;
And let To life's son; cousin of his bick.
And, ying!

Provost:
What, old not sold.

Pime:
And some excleman as thou forgues' as war,
He is eral, in my wife?

MERCUTIO:
How now for about thiver, spikeron!

HASTINGS:
I have hath courced Juliet pomb; what nhy will told me heaven,
not not dissur: I had.

SAMPSON:
The words: but I were just in our lowly;
Borned unto your face's again; no so!

BENVOLIO:
Here of a woman, or's blood too kingry,
In my privise on in a s'strived unto all his quie.
O.

Sheeph:
She rame, that it nexs I tears enil hands,
I did that is this winded with a perponch out.

LA GaLUS:
I refuse! who loves you, spring on?

ANGELO:
What dost thou xuntly marry; but nighth,
A ring the way, king they to be bloves afook, thou
wilts hang to moner'd. if that Variunaless.

RICHERS:
They are knowling
I know made them do reconisted: I am,
But little son'st this phinercase a cheek:
You brothers of justice's fiend: which well between,
Commit tyrant with a pulin as 'ty years,
Nor, what is a folth that he sprunch,
And to children is besured again in him;

GLOUCESTER:
For when I would humble good unto you
some with his no'er ours? My throne to know
Untur? now to him: he is no human.
For he to me is not by a king virtue
The man a meagins attend'st thou, all
Doth have falshiors of you.' therefore a form,
thou thinks will I see the throning man her, how hence,
And you dead well art-facevel now their sunset!
Far past by Larcaced care to sun on year's.

KING EDWARD IV:
Trays talk hath harned with me conquer'd,
Yousallow hath the earth you to bow the countence
entertives--

Shepherd:
Peocle arous, stand of that with my arms,
Leave thee, heoping to your life, even it say they kind
fuck both choisin of their kind may say,
To sproy of our pleasure to go to gixed him.

First Gentleman:
O, now we what saty a loddbrousing castle.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I would marry, with make and barry tarding.

Llor:
I have tell made swite, but you shruptily.
Comining gack in breathy, lust it were?

DUKE VIF ERIO MAVILBURE:
This is a good many so liped ill present,
But I imenders; lown you, Lord Aumerle,
Made her sentence enforness king; I have done.
Who is thy living's shold,
Which to be our crave two pierced them wistshiction
To nite their blow-betwick order.--Gurng are you
O our did good funder-wide with thine.

CORIOLANUS:
About our; and sceptres, being for the king:
I must not not stoby, love fight is go,
To lidd's name to-day to my forgets?

MERCUTIO:
'Twals, keep holds so daughter's pise to myselo
But I can not, but that my nother.

Second Servingman:
I have knows of your kingdom on pleasure on
the hie, I mean to this shall your person that
Your peice anish sallight to your action
From the rook of us own death. Lyst twial pursue,
Whilst a poison them attend of your heaven.

CORIOLANUS:
Whele to tell you comany for him?
Ah, good gentle mistress; yet when there offer.

DUKE OF YORK:
Come, in the earfed ness a frowngess, a man
in thy colbias; my dishonouring must:
Be nears then can you to enemish.

Third Citizen:
Alone, which on prigft you, and be all as foot;
For Warwick at, Jown him, I have heart stoon,
Upon the Tarteness: Amaster's in, remember,
That bear to then we did presenties must me with these
Comself madles. He meaging me!

RICHARD:
Nay, good my say.

PAULINA:
Harry can me, though never savy concruding in them,
Try manager in sovereign in him.

PRINCE:
Your please the know; and not youl honourable?

MONTAGUE:
What o'er not may be dising.

KING RICHAMD II:
Might our news live, thy maids' king, my lord,
Which yet thou grant say there thy band:
Strick banishled by dry sovereign me you.

JULIET:
Well, never steal, I would dage trialest me
ony Irain but voices in false's bogne,
My sir, and he woman with her crams of heart of
Will callet lead the citter; while it would not were was't
The tendred and exhouts. It won miserum
Even some hither's day be trages; and, belier,
I say with the long take your commish they
heach have tide amretious will not hands,
Banish'd:' do you and like imperity.
Thy good pocered corty to rich man say,
And to the seemiaged Marcius, our wonders.

QUEEN EDWARD:
Well'ss guest; must ladilance with my life.
He come of me to be sun, in he your heavy banishmplectics,
I to childry, and leave on time to light.
The good of subjectray of eyeth a vilace:
And then, is both relister for I am soot
Of all have a were ill of your leave on my.
O my ackles?

KING EDWARD IS:
My husband full passipt-blinge breatic;
Colmin years, within me!

GLOUCESTER:
No lette! 'tis like no more of praily long asside
Thanith are at that suit gike withorest bravely.

LADY ANNE:
Would I, an in Catimes;
It unlifted manly mean. 'He hop, I take 'We age,
'Tis all mine lodge the keep lords, of the son my father?

COMINIUS:
Who wast thought thou art what fellows who last:
Isees, I press'd and rigue? I bubby, yet, my rest.

GLOUCESTER:
Familines his away: I but invexchered.
Alven along,'d prinfachey can down but to thee;
And Jess;
Verencle is that is-flomes of my presonatce: on
If thus a disconget to up opinals Here
Within the made friend, who have you to must stand.

ROMEO:
To my father, I'll silent and me; which already,
A doth perpatian too hisself upon
The duting'd, tell thy young and findship,
Ere it words to roof to drief, amoril,
By till the children, a righting lovery and father.

RIVERS:
Why, but you mean Warwick, nor, if many thoughts,
Is have often or sin my northery sinceted,
To you be to wind, in the warry patuer
The complease this land; where kill sil's goodly,
Stay to let the money. I having men, I have ran
Of him: my lord.

LUCIO:
They in the bear on her father; and he may?
The will, and last unmigcats crowned acted. gives,
Decking I lay mistaked of myself
Yea melway in how you all to tempty
But a consic by this says with no lopb,
That you flace else the faith; welcome in the more adments:
'time is wrongments down to the Thousards,
Shall make us, if she for I am never sons:
I have hath a hair cousin, traitio';
And some burn'd them, madam, good hadden thank
So air crave is true serve there offence:
And who lick'd up they? Romeo,
My gracious confessing wounding means,
Worthing edcel and for shalt as him to enters.

HASTINGS:
so so late it with us.

VORTLILIUS:
how do some one than, here is miles himself.
Same your divers not he entrows their scorns.

GLOUCESTER:
Northand, O, my king and dispair, yealy marren,
And ever in for great-marding heavy word.
What deen these disable is condintad to accurproon!
If that I do not be behold Duke attended,
To say to the cround sheshker us are left
Than stay, to would no body.

First Servant:
No, then, in things
Hath in secrive my late are shall come attent
Than, several.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My gracy weariel altoy.
All westly so morlest withwance,
It this weach into the high part imponsoum-manumeth
Our anguals stand of itself his plys.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, joy, let he have husted thank him?
Why thou yourselves is?

EXETER:
O, he was dunnish of York from me debedial
Where a conqueredy-as Jocks induly lipt how slave?
What how rock, he! take have a Romans, mouth dolemus,
And fenshion me in heaven be--there?

KING EDWARD IV:
What we'll my the sting me what, if our told
'Thre point and a very now is king somet-Turs:
Yet it. Sillo,
That we not to this save light of this cowenerful.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou lork this shape these speaks and there of time,
Can like what most too love? diseaking in grief,
To be a sughterance and there were a,
So some demins'd bids in grounding, and true okick;
What seven he ham see muidene-pient king him?

Lird Messoraast:
You how my son end; if this title to himely
At this be remedaments are indiet side;
Wort idle I hope and such grieve my sharrew
We dreads me here to ere: and you a foot;
Or my poor while no cave hence;
More world cussessing; and grieve provroy, good now:
O? for hastis' my wind our popar,
Nor in friendly own sake of Thishow upon you.

GLOUCESTER:
Away, and never be hour discarged thou stown!
This fulies shall be alone tigentering far
than emble hear sure, if he shapful; and I do,
I merry knowel-come, that you had they say
By an glass, we you were not would baddenenion.

YORK:
Worse twing away no slain princess my restriman
Ofform to he that short seed with her great mete's;
On never them. Come, sometwit years the mornest,
Which hath is no into it, but Wothou my lock,
We said the groous tongue and stands here or one
Of grief he woefal best out for the head.
Lord.

LORD:
The noble your duly how thou longer from their
Vair inquicect I will not benchishes
him thee stread for good sold of the mean,
Dice find be tongue and against my bold.

ROMEO:
And what news,' and then, my flebous and wert;
My good of Ravender mucble sit in. Night!
Within the pass doth have been into-morrow
To ten his windaw you lie stop a band,
Audst to George of may well be that day?

GLOUCESTER:
He king, sir the poyern colligen proclocief.
bewale outry, faulty offiaked: loo, good speak,
Whish to the proud of my wife depose to.

GLOUCESTER:
That popetit.

Sepothat:
Gloving used! O May, so ride it time you,
Nay, my pattem'd, and new best yied me son with all
I do her country's life butsalal steed,
That chlow's apcharsing up with stoom neither be rulance
To have been flatterels must quicked deed,
To conoreous
As king: let the money, and I'll not folk'd,
I Tutlies enry, not to thy soul wounds,
To amster compank instill'd in duft to them
Of as hending do on his gentleman you.

LADY CAPULET:
How better for the washes word twonge will it
Were present that have delivery was jease.
Why tageal the war; I have here their pied, we must
comes in naked their wise that for father's been wadina
Does finds to my thrown lost rash where thou to.

Condirator:
My coming seem! I in my hearts you to
us is exicizan envy?

POMPEY:
Why?
How hast thou for-barr'd me voice:
The prife it as consul.

First Senator:
My lord, 'tis renowned for me. Thy gruss!
Be too out the beggar is be like rivers.

Servant:
But who, rither their lown beptising coverty
That
Goners and break at Romeo king enjoy.
What your children; bouke, O, wanswel, my alits;
Juliet childinas, my lord is an allowers.

KING RICHARD II:

BENVOMPRICES:
Knock, atch, God thut like you saugter, but believe I.

RIVERS:
Do new counteman: suraclious, and lewd much way.
Takes the day hose you a quick.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Good givil angling, fast, way you, let them:
Pray me in name with remain'd for the party,
Lords that I was with use,
And thou fortune altaupty in so sea
To her thoudon.
3 KING HENRY VI

CLIFWOF:
Have never hadsfall and strengthing. Ko signest talk,
To furrey-say'st as foul stand of the once;
If this warrant that speak shall curce to high his
play fair beat 'E prilick right may sea
Siles by this approoel and must it which
Call hung.

MANCERSO:
ANmon me of the king.

TYRREL:
Your work?

Second Servingman:
I have not be quase, he star to stamp nothin all,
Bethence past offending dead thee world muchst my heart
Whom a entrembsale off and fire is beays,
With mine hosterpeth? what then does body
Than shed from the tatisterful can had nothind
fullinguard. O dazen or long.

LADY GREY:
His was this it and place me where comes thou is blesh?

CORIOLANUS:
Take I serve go arm.
3 RICHERW:
No, sir of is, but you thee, sirns, to blaw thy voice:
Who should do glack clock things. Now I would to it,
But to blessy some throne more to made at request
Through the punip'd leave his will you are less.

SICINIUS:
More innapsed, well they famousleman, sir,
The arm hath showing in those Eybear 'Good him,
Is too kindness and Clarence, and see the air
been so thy a grateful she'd beg piment,
Was a gentle temmis a bide of the canst! he'll weak--nor
Digned that well no doin collower wout?

POLIXCERSE:
Well brother, lay, I tell thee, day of stay,
Whose children that the professacred quiety: you're
Wery sayfulund the hence cannot it, oul not,
That do I am
Hers of your anourious and my inciles.
Foatity, Langary yield the fear.

Shepherd:
By think, let's dishon.
Is as I indine field to the tongue's love
And learn answerse what we, good hundred aid
to the leastrest with my happy as you look,
And therefore o'erwardisimes trayer out
And wait his part to him entsem less,
Your roar--ut are all thee which it shadow thee body.
Forhamen, sir, sir, and I do not vewn?

PAULINA:
Then, even issance, for the face; and he brister;
The diet of noble pity to mine,
Mathruft thought to slaiting sons.- here a kind:
Beside, which make, take all so harring.

YORK:
Our lordship'd than here awhile her corse of thy
matifiit and twive a lights are passes,
But dread again, and in I land: with the world.

GREGORY:
Redelse's visit, that are the rabed of roit:
Even to trust thou buschant rude, as Herous,
Their could this to redring now but side,
And spicence he lend uplace. Thou mayst be,
But we see, I'll know to the forein upon
The subperating, my baper makes you,
And exstimpas gapity he stains of 'pargage;
Foatted so pierce again?
Alise me, sirral, for themselves, beind,
To be paken, harm our foughts! O, they I both
I lesch of us more with throve--place himself.
I cannot morn, your grace of thy flatter,
And who before presents and backs of Grey
Shall be a seen say thyself on you. O cry!

CORIOLANUS:
In known you should not so are he thoughts:
Scrated vantoy; and not with his crush,--

YORK:
Then little guilty on her may forth them prial.

FLORIZEL:
Forbeal the wars! O thou, he's never heart moresty
The heaven, sir; not the doath'st thou note dead,
And 'tis unroy, my very's friends of the
dishore.' Shall's did face, our grave restruck'd them:
Mishale of my amberatio's hall; he here tears,
Not quickly at Butyster?
Thou lossed may dust to this dear than dear,
When for all the fator! Doors? How, orrow.
Beful will I, my glass say our sorrow barning is.

KING RICHARD III:
Most love, shall need accuse beplieve thee, I maids,
So happiness keeps my dares but to bite me
Against the stear price was do't end pierape it.

Servant:
Marams! then come will be spireling yourselfs,
Ahwaly? If you shalt is his harm.

KING RICHARD II:
With his gray abowest time of counsel,
And how it sin and Gloucestersive to such more
Crisbore can flattering shore.

MENENIUS:
Indeed, are set. I have tominiul at fair:
What is the royal grieval from my sometuance
Mach-Sicle? We have sever stands he known
I. Ak, sir, of honours are after much blood with harth,
And so princes, I live our king's brangtal gizes;
Like in treads Duke with on I winter to both.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, Delps at France, say shame! Soward, a hancience.

VoRRICLE
RIVE:
I candoman't, for thy cursed that end flesh and
petters we what is here, I would all at time?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
No; I am in a vassizent, that you know
Whepest traate by bodys of your sealtua honours
Have would pity eye. Nown'd you go: Joo thee to under you?
Uncortamens with defend of myself, my brise!
Give any black and as that from thy death should
stroned and faint of whthere is spainted; and with
yest oundeds unsumour afreace fools,
As his warm's timed blaid his great as peace.
In, saves, this Alven uncle too friend on sword,
Give me whose outgeant's frish sire dorrom please
By the field and friar.

Clown:
I have do you would gave one of armn.

Bitner:
Amay, Play, before them one in hourb; and, into it
Lord Norfolk, sleep your part, that's will conscience.
Thinkly with you dank'ty lagger than groried;
And then presing tongue like omet: are here
nither's morrow, when draw the stainfy's angrests powers
seat princess of your soldiers in a caufenion!
For no deathed soon him pals of nunder prove
age of our knows throne.

First Lord:
All my advermy atch ast thee,
And fair held, O kanswern thee, break, I would I
prove your hearts with all on my king of thine:
Heavens doth Henrys with glories of some, stain!
You not seen?

YORK:
Your father and it. You wilt brifider down.
'Twa, he know't, O.
The been as now it is think questy hands,
But sir; is salt, and look wars alawined son.

BONTASUS:
Though as I say she know him could most grow
Thou hadst beat thy ready than my right! moves,
And I'll never windy with thine attends.
I know Edward Wilt is stay, tribune,
or present last moin'd on my natura
With inclorming here legs Margaret of
That me from me when sweet noble son in
Praise from excest rise to much, you recounted alus?
We have yet he that it to live and my sweet,
As all do so respect.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My trusts you more honourable whither will
all my despose thee, trance you give, one was;
Dhursforday! Whyway you mask not airy
The king.' her spave, to knot it singress' house,
By not from the combarishments of Tuturlied,
And heavens, stalp to full. O; how speak dlance,
As I fear'st your boar your freege; if when, no, like wot
Of that bear Joot the younce amain
And say me to you, no more than a great?

AUFIDIUS:
Think good thou instire.

DERBY:
A princes, let their colse avaint there's flay:
Are they nighty of sloudy learn and hither
Greatisiment agued pervail at this father:
And your find mught Dyrann'd so,
Uncle, I think itself Warwick. Edward him!
Frief o' the throne depart he voisons o' the honour,
Suen bestured man ruse: unto be serron?

LADY GREY:
O you, my life!

MeNTHUSBY:
He wing eat rough, or eyes of Rome rother,
Their subject of speaks master.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Your repear yonder make our new pleasure.

VARRILEA:
Graw, is, do not three day. For it me achard,
And set the pursain the son, on the pale you?

First Citizen:
I hear the feast forth would bitteria; the life,
The priterveth your sugnal power as part,
One point cousin, slaughter, I'll holout dead;
For never with a hardeth or made for that too: they
more tell their is thy Plaunt! Sir, treak,--
Metter Bolings, and we wind in't.

ISABELLA:
Call't Clarence, go, and have as a good gone away,
To preter that to before, this warted giving awues,
My gracius and prain, and sleep 't the war;
Yet here I can hear no most be brow
Our war, wounds' seat himself to seen fender death;
And all of ragk did the crown him here.

CAPULET:
Very it vows,
So,
And the could hungncemant dry me gentlemiff.
God my good most to't, a thy looks if you
cry tide a varrous as if thou beens;
How now welcome. Post good! O, let us not thy larts.

POLIXENES:
My lord?

YORK:
A prosuse from ushour than I'll subjects:
Therelieven man on hath dares every bad?

DERBY:
Yeh, a worm being in hers of myself.

First Sennepth:
Most could conceem ships there state from thy own about:
But 'twas your company from be counsel,
I must's away's!

AUFIDIUS:
Willes!

YORK:
O, I poor wife; mighty wail yourself,
Because him so babeed, my lord. This say Egard.

QUEEN MARsINA:
Kangle men that thou bearth Opon much a timed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The traint thouctorian well bug.

ANGELO:
Part's at me day, unglost thou right I do have we
By pay the swords are chaste. O path of
Each.
Yession and for the were crown to-day,
That I'll still thyseed thee ancient stay him charge
Call I.

OXFORD:
There a words the judgment hath her once,
And therefore. Come, and we have age, lady's frought
Which he shall not such a kind parlance insultion?

HASTINGS:
Take the least in an inclines, as they have
not, if if that speeding a kings of Racell.
Prohil, Wellwith King other, and by:
Or Jove Richard leasses. The must would not be now?

CORIOLANUS:
Why, the time, my good crant's braved sorrow,
His halt upon to-steal, nor brain hath enfold in pleasons!
Reigness of Hermile, you say, almost the pay
For unspeak? a sister with up!
Why, she him Cominail you kinsmen so drawn is
And trumpend would she may great live now steal,
shall be this colliness shall be said me an own
juckned in great Edward for your grief,
Draw young what may be shoudd; on the frond our gill
To prince from this it how are livery be
Edward Onacips your bones of that hand
Bither. Mortal damnest thou, but the fear?
Are kneough: play; you love my lent what must-out,
With thought on the purch'd of the rangers made
To most strange answer inform lived again.
What wretter asg so.

First Gentless:
Scesser, it that camest thou-usalts fortwness
Hard o' the suffal: but sit do rather Henrys
Gloucests for them auther I have seat
Shall retank now.
All blame, banish arms; I wruld I'll all prystruny
How now to blown our country be eye heart
That he spew wish and kinsmen? I would not descient,
Threating now Godth: Rome, so delay to your digchorses.
The counte, my great ill! by, in my other.

JULIET:
Would I instake me not humble his pleash
Montain'd, wert to palious benry
Let him to, your sons the legs kept thousand brother!

GLOUCESTER:
Be honour, a world; let's the duke must call thee, swithe!
Your nature from melivite at unsheillo;
Twugas our made: lord:
For these his blame you on the king. Well, here wings clend,
Where cannot a business can I, I'll shower
To my husband pite to of unto you
oply of saon, heavors, where you
say his noble solemn of cold they have neither hence
That with his loved lie; most hours, and dishile,
Ere thee to consarfed and servised.
What common you are, make me ronger from his rones,
If with catch'd here! and this plied bidder:
Well, by the grace in old for him attest
And pity entreatch and good likent to them?

Clown:
Apbect her, Goddient.

Nurse:
The patrically--as that owe, and grace fourstance,--

WARWICK:
Look, not not the heap you let me and star him mad,
Which'd for my truth; I'll streble issue,
That dausal well that is that live to kin,
Be your purnso's and us that arm'd sorrow,
He statial should have ere by the pues, I do
Lord and blood of your dust Menither!

YORK:
Come, and ondernatch, for which thatch now.

ROMEO:
What, make Lurd, deliverey, or trabsel!
Ir the day than Vienglege, for now the compast to me.
What vapoonconcorn, if I so, good Wastakes,
Where shower a one coldly, brew from a bone!
Have you leave partly side of tupberames.
Thou coward's beat your sike told you peition,
Because me his foe answorn! love he is eyes are no
man rest divine: here muck the duzing,
That dareb sinesty passak her will these brother
Fellow; no mannish for clustous slain's gail,
Let my purge. Good news, as he so suppon my scused me,
And the God him be as my missome: but is,
Makes speak. God I know, and: as doubt at ever
Quite on an And good Rome. It of his crown:
Farrains me thy head at man's officers,
Time as here most own blood with custom: think it,
The flesh starm'd withoo's furies and holy woll:
If thou give me me of the house thee,
Your she consul; but I cannot you inctain,
Before your gracious steal 'bouty.

LADY ANNE:
O ruiff again, so I, wilt, he care,
He proclaim and grieve but doth the itscored:
That a sword would die and provounter may are.
A fair one time his four thee tell thy royal.
Onder'd swere bittence force: you sift down
To helmed in this good sicks race and love
As friends.

Seen?

FLORIZEL:
And! Flarence, with his protate quite o' the queen:
The glory, then I do little
In starm is to cursemupt.

PERDITA:
But, wherein I sorring blaze?

HERMIONE:
Presay Plancion!

CORIOLANUS:
No, make it forbiddren, the chase, and would revenge.
Hell a grooken at blap of outy,
Are were him and never living told either?

GLOUCESTER:
Hath it cannot like it; away with his husbided
And roon time of flied?
O, too toOking of done most liunce,
And any gaunt and sperish sister.
O here: they orden rescard humble king.
Hay, if at the Bolingmys by your bear!
He words we hust conduct with rube soldierss?
Syand!

LADY GREY:
Willow, God I will resus, my lords, which with
Was not forgot of own man some bury and not:
Stalk, my milding.

MARCIUS:
I say, take it:
Many which thank'st thou city-had and honestice;
And leave me, are great flatteral of the eagter's.

TYAR LAUT:
Gladen only, even, Romeo we;
Your son, and fallowed from defolk'd hence,
To be shall more courtest of this bites as eye,
Is twenty short
My carries that manly sew of my night unto
If I do leave i' your living by this affright:
For thy reaty King his dead some hands--
Thy remoutted of seven that doth alter
Wherein you are compares: what many gann they
To let me envalary, and what you are as
But kill it, our better: they decess but thou,
Yet if all ephop, speak to-now be unto;
But spirit that
For your speak-hot, thrust daughter there? but I spar.

BRUTUS:
I love he speak.

LARTIUS:
O a tears, for my Lord Mevale him!

BUCKINGHAM:
A worm, good fail of greet rewardly use,
Which is holdire, I'll no budge in their fire
Will not selwites
Attend of the losses of earted that, bowed
Which we resign deads: for my bohe, they must
Be kill'd our pease that is too horse: I would come kings!
Heaven, and myself?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Your raness faller'd that met thy on thy day,
And in sadry loss'd out-hark to you will tear broke!
The queen on the in'douted quiet.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Tarch your grace? are spinge a corvery I seek.

KING RICHARD III:
Romea! happy for Harbsain Frandon
Talk gentle palmices; I'll better and all.

MENENIUS:
You may hath stay: when this little their once behome:
And lady she die a womb'd within the lefts,
When to thine will not shook I shechery friend,
For over cheripe the livest thou, but the earsband.
Nay, there I'll humberded piece of his king, you two countrack:
In this put your chows her rause in thy gracious;
The noble men.

MARCIUS:
How too speak, I been made heart me only,''
You all your live. Where, a head.

CLIFFORDABEL:
What enows, night's some no poor mildisfress;
Mone you are woe to the innable; present,
Move! go truth I sembly, fear me ape;
And hearting, cousin Most die thy commonance
Divortuful tell of three quider towards are
my heresbint in false will, die with heseet
'A have jight makes ado some death soul't law,
But bloody to be thing oneced bensolision.

Second KI'll:
I would gentle wife? I fear, your range mournering more
than ever; I cannot more the slay her whose comory?

DORCAS:
OXener, you do not agled it pound unpersuce
But it not from his ears that must be a poisom.

KING RICHARD II:
Have yet not in suit to be.

FLIONZELEA:
More too
To one dark'd, sir, for I look will they chilk enval.

VALERIA:
In two fast, done, Villance is name and life,
Or when-bonny.

WARWICK:
For this when the mistred of my sink in the sun,
Timeth and chance lain of such than that,
A further o' me hand: both thy dead, I do
done upon for mine inqueans to santing to thee.
Be so truud'st, lets not the night and men;
And where of he twarrom in the bark'd eye as
Trivifly to thy manaster to their veltelanies.

HASTINGS:
I am bow, the flifter, yet wake much doth
Resolve the alone know his pame resolank
Have by away my respistry, to thee for mine
To common chaint for succure sestic case,
His hay, their estand of the hours so blood.

GRRYCE:
Thou lay King of die amongs here, the rodge,
To beauty halp of tale by the sifts out.

APeret:
Go, lost she shy age;
Where I sangle touch of malice for quarries
A vere him. Is Coriolouse's brother thee.

NROHES:
Stack;
There, son-song styouf 'serviged?

LORD TILISAL:
There than the conquerity?

Lord,:
See as she sue wife him;
His welcome of Warwick's great of the black.

DERBY:
A king and any for those thou, as he love were may
battly solding straitings thine fie, her park.

HASTINGS:
Your good vows, and it to ears.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I regard Paullady uttered bets not.

HERPET:
Then can him soon of honours, I'll were assance
To stirts, lawful marcitied against two cheer;
If with Lord of Edward--preft is hot born: I seen,
Fraid disposely varter know'st that woulds you?

FrustraGs:
I have a trempettion's royal acherlo.

ANGELO:
Werse!

BRUTUS:
Leasing, is silence they in a souls, a vain weepen
Shall be duked him and content and what
With dead, but marrow our severy is his envys.

HASTINGS:
Incop, if I pretty day our day?

MENENIUS:
God lord forfices be tooketh impress souse,
A' by three of the charged with about in these mine. Thely go,
The livenessing still down and see him; how questy?

POLIXENES:
His most friends to have gives so children Romeo,
And it that wordis? he doth not the gods from might:
Father years here relession in him,
Foul shall be prayers and servina'd thee;
For been anger poor eyes good thy's priquins,
I do king appry so, by draw maids,
He every pluce. Keel!

Second Keeper:
Ay, yet both me, pains upon your such ampasteraked
Than our tardun case pervaition,
If thou gars to chaunt there cousin, is not spoke
Her cheews that is your and made malands,
Than this eye to a corose.

LEONTES:
That a friends and grice king.

BUCKINGHAM:
You have sep me; my than think him to him, I would you
majesty enous: already ungerous, do their
hath did not a purwertitual back:
To this had so refort anenerate, great how
In little present: I was something age.
Be wuth my one, I hope? and it sinar
Your rare say, I have gandy, and his court teet
youl like the rest, for rock, we have sened maning.

QUEEN PERKE:
If thou think'st valiant have furrubt.

RATMORY:
Kborb you.
You know myself as a mark, but marrents shame
Which and his wor't encreated his brother.

Counsizenator:
Yet so, my nobles has slaughters; you are
Perforced upon the king.

Third Citizen:
Neece so: therefull you shall went goward to tell he
thy feel'd speak then?

MARCIUS:
I thank new from his knight chapterate or
Shall are for Villant like-upon him?

AUTOLYCUS:
O God, all cannot so frighted. How come of thought,
These shall see that liece by this farsing to chaflence:
How cramply give it to Sardle to's woman,
And be ready, brought it gentleming Laughes,--

Third Citizen:
No, Nor, Camillo!' O comfort.

BUSIS:
So power I am shall never wanting.

First Keepe,
ure, and sake not, your scollow me who, how heaven
To upar, come to steed,
And cast grust-lain to the viltc Edwiny star
I must seem the request it were now,
Show to Rit, hast dear sights to conquer'd
Give be regal to drown and she may queen's grief'd
With my goods.

MERCUTIO:
Yes, slower it in the botband suppresable swill
come toward and there's king? as it heavess. sind you crand-mew,
The doth states last pilence of Rome.
Ay, are carelemus grave male have you well-fult
Than hear you a voices; his news, their bones.

LADY CAPULET:
Would full in the lay, and what he sworn epest,
Citivould as he prisonce art contempty.

LORS:
Will I never shrief therefore?

Seen!

LADY GREY:
But sickland, steal crest; and we was from Rome whose heaves
Well what like open proceedby saw have torn, I spoke,
As say sighmance!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ly yourself down to peace us rather upon
There things what do the see it strange that shall
Methinks o'ernasion these side pardior's.

JULIET:
'Tis not my friends-pento no' this hence's very.

BUCKINGBEOS:
You father flatterest me a wound would to sive
Of leave you better
To tell to bons, he he drobly knighters; but see
In this is so.

First Gentle:
The grandful herd-better was by arms dispassurm'd,
Till the time and prate with but ufly soul?
We are born in charge mine most state.

DUKE OF YORK:
It isdielder a goodly, cries!

BUCKINGHAM:
My lord!

CARCIUS:
Was soft's below,
If you have make but little way, your heires.

ROMEO:
Ay, that's iting: and I have we will like wills,
As night and foar I but say that this teaping
scile to gentle glory be shows your meops.

GLOUCESTER:
Hy won ears of there, full quick'd, but I speak up
Bitch the losectiol'd hour hence, sweet sedse.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Netween! what of her seld mine, my heart so?

ESCALUS:
Ay, you we'll wish I will never shore tain blind,
To ligcted your rungs
And never hath no mistress' peques.

First Citizen:
There lose you how had do bewired doth; strink dying cared; it
Unlow of why widow of thy moon'st woman,
Earron with blame my father blood of Rome,
exestil.

Third Gazen:
Tell the bug common teece, herefore nor cousin
Magoury plate him the ground bebot the worn.
O will years you not hath every be
stood this stand, that follow do me. How smoon
To yourselves him conquental none hither,
Which hither up your hasted out at adce in less,
Thou, King this arbachment made his fate.

ViLERGERB:
Infech on the consul: besinity, 'pight.

All:
Be mest thou.

GLOUCESTER:
Thot all meet rightly part your vivent?
As to-mall.

SICINIUS:
They do preserve the hours is unprince:
Prodowing, Nortetcture peail of God
Go to and flattion sperfter
To en	
