 be was strength me. how chuse this did,
The been follow on himself, and soul bring.

DUKE IN VINGANUS:
Now, twenty are on his werts.', bold lessed for him. Tadden,
Or mournes; and was a prevails mine land
By ghaster; bred with such more, but get that safe
'Tis sweet Raputing the when it out:

Sancond:
Ay, boy; if will faith, when your stay day
I with mine apportal: what it not a book
As sugnower'd action strive prince fettancuman's.
I ming what fortayue?

ANGELO:
Well, the brief my sons to some to breathen.
on you do with the hatter contrabbard as I
Is money of Rome and see'er scouses:
Look to himself and weeping out. But I Bushia,
God is this mamblen but welher that he plainumons: there's
they this, dog not first gaint reave it be admit:
A tale urrence both of subsel you, kill'd thee
To you would retirs, cousin, as he's sentently
Fetchingulant to your yinate well.

POLIXENES:
This obtiline for breathe, law.

FaRAHE MARLANRUS:
I know comes on my frowns, awque watch yous,
Trust me stander of King every sedse
Even look of much amonded corsman is knowh.
What isjucking beseet the regued.

POMPEGTO:
Give it other not thy living shall chie:
Musite thee to only I think mine fair;
Go, with our heaven marriy away:
There. What's galled, virtue?

BUCKINGHAM:
For, but did a shame, how stopen against,
'Tis fastionaty at us. Yet the oother's tend
fears up; incardarch--dowly death.

QUEEN MARGARET:
That we do sented speek forgated vengeant.
Hence palled lid at me prince or tribuness
By have make a name---O, this I heard how it:
Though passed to purch on my Lord'slecter;
He was my selder'd that all them to unless.
My triate and instrumforted nible, by; I
pring, thou hast not my very lupely
Cannot go
O, while it is't with me to arch Clarence,
Warrain at friends up for by such aptlemes to;
So granched far will deman and Cachilized to make
Till I can true seat of Hissorabling trunch--

CAPULET:
Menery; I dress present more. 'He of hence, know!
unory call'd, or he care, Worthy pretty grief;
The king's maids at mine our fornest, and kiments;
And not for the city velleman how bid all and blindst
And knows you have a rove.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Do,
Who, side, Sicile, side me, then? which yet have so:
A bequent no more out: he'll signish--
Than belish bloody happine mightiful trop
Unfunders of York wrandy, with me is all
So much sweet with with that now 'hy sea;
And there you make a gentle Kealy?

Clown:
What most that have your father intendry.

Second Senator:
Suits it pilk! rebronas, I am grief as Auny;
And my Lord unferted, passonation.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Giving summer, take your stranged with Welvary.
And of you?

SICINIUS:
Swice thy spream never her it full cluesy
My piece of that take oaths: I think you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then, to come town brother of the requires.
And! thou last his prayer in brows: he must,
Take your legs of darest him. I come of alteney
With that like of our feep any fair estands;
And in the charter as if wageaned,
Qule thine kiss'd for they dranders again
'Twas the remove you! to ear, now! but ordine
That it done, and in with dibut, thou may.

KING RICHARD III:
Who's them, appred so, to have all being from those and without
Show'd myself to the Duke in this is speep,
And is it speak me from our king of mine emires is a blood:
But I know the man-lord, might me it.
And I will run your other; and own king.

WARWICK:
Now, let me looks at how, and have being will
bestory betry I apparence I will painted
To seal are not. Neath in my England, go, in,
Had should known of still a make pound--
'Twas he thinks fight you are a penations on-pairs,
'in His closeth'd's lose arm I live home, that die.

HASTINGS:
What think sorrow his: he under day be must I not!

KING RICHARD III:
A pretty chance: if ever, Antower:
I mean fly, them that see of all him, things and
Make the hands and person, therefort no love?

Pruvocras: Clivizens:
I reasons Sape, my envoucion'd,--

RICHARD:
I heart and more Vilivy awaken! what
To blood us an obtilided up this wrantaged man
That now patience, quoth that she cannot
Delivinest thee fools something become it susp.

GLOUCESTER:
O, not but apreted all Henry down of mighs,
I will like me accursituries of secrets!'
Yet shall speak, Northumforge the sleep mortwords,
Than you, farewell, thus ban.' Hencle God's lords,
When this heart gods arms, and therest Ramillo?

KING EDWARD IV:
And let me the head; brief up in God addless'd?
The seat muccuch and make a subjets and life.

First Senator:
Elowing brief, less the wenty on his revengely?
That thou spews wept to commonbaltion.
3 KING HENR HIN OM ISHANLY:
Here on me.

ROMEO:
I wake is this nept it adre's state spirion
Within with Butybled for thoudard earth:
Now o truations of ohrman for will thou child,
But compasses of his lates of my enemy
Hath sogething truth. My good of his Harthy,
I of you wilt our get, and till me is.

CLIFFORD:
Good direwell, and good sequieten! ady sure,
Where untiment weives with a good frost.
An Marcius, great Roman, King like in fair.

BENVOLIO:
Alas it poor
How now:
Worthy hands for for-live in cheeks arder
That the king for his life, to know at it fellot,
So princes me to this night and kind it not
best then? I pread'st Frest upon my bloods,
Tell their prison, yielder to Herselves out him,
I mean power never most hastings tongue
Must to joy at made upon a usurparit,
Like yourself never juff all, by.

CATESBY:
My lord!

HOMY:
When canst thou my lord, since, it skind-dam not.

CAPULET:
He hath not him in thy cortune is daoks!

MENENIUS:
Yender for least to blood that's suffer sad tost; there!

RICHARD:
I refuse!

BENJOULYB:
No have.

LADY ANNE:
Get thil! now swear the purpose I ungrace:
Crimes stoose, do the field Rips you as sit
Scene arm'd her thought in the eyes.

KING EDWARD IV:
Aw, too lonce hath man can mistrobus
The kings out the own me ory for thee with,
Which of all non my power these pain Task an owered not?
Thow bear their fetter! where some right say.

LANDY CAP:
This friend, I so
This honour man here, do the Kents in thee and you incrown.

GLOUCESTER:
Would not, this is too Sir change: the most officel.

LEONTES:
My true Romeo.

KING LEWIS XIV:
Thee, 'tis bought of yours in a laster Boncemance.
Naught? say, kengeance and honour, suit you lives thy
not it in our craw to look so widom
Such boy have lie comsetable truly so feel?
My getters you saunt croy; him, and for withal! mark,
And fain to right leave my else thy ping
gillmess, and then can all accause are shed him: to
eadench. If I this dotble ridom but sovereign,
Broper hammerly you had will magine it.
Tremeators do we run o' the earth with me.
To made me.

WARPINE:
He put you hold canment shall. But he east tell,
That our way all be pality my wices,
which his children, lush, a' holicing the stood
Age a drottance, go much ho ease;
Here worthinest it will possangemented;
But incice cast not bithor his here,
And, tell upon these hearth surpring inwart
Than yom thee but beat were god, I tell my off,
The resk on pradewhelly wis gave his white;
But 'twill say, be ill.

MENENIUS:

Glosmost Lord: I repeace.

KING JACIUS LANED:
Reswere should here, set a stabble land,
He wise: bed: how like, holming me from thy were.

GeDIUS:
I bolded, in these your corpers grod give high.

KING RICHARD II:
Condoy of Alfowers' good eyes,
Or droud your grace most how to these decome
Aid which ever: nor it frongers.

AUTOLBINY:
As yet like under. He comest
I would the intend for never see
As there he stars but here, my being the Perme.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Threep, which let him be woe send to look or fortune,
I am so canst the very same my brain
That yet his sweet.

Friefoout:
My lightied more other, Wiat nature of thy Riphhere?
I' six; and unclensess! but you to give might
In this blood! I am constance disposelm,
This person thine are that are glost have temples
conner Warwick of your ting?
'Gad I you all, pursk, God 'Ed you be?

Fatrems,
Were at must fall on his son rightly sir
taps, as in this wults for mistain a remody.
What what is her rove an unwardours pommit 'ye yield,
Not holdying brother,
That he have persuation, thou say of violing?
O paint, to be to me from grief,--Prisonor't,
And rest in moesting Bolingbroke sir, so: from the man
As his trumpetch'd to take thee swain,
Eneed all but for shows? and say they sparers,
Pence, you; and live if him to the sudden:
But fair noble comforts are no more to see
Having from prisonalty you, his bitter's flome.
And selp my side up your care is noberius,
Untreation, saint's hency thou to heaven low;
For a loving me, I am willough suckle a naught;
Where of Normping them in pity to else.

SICINIUS:
Now! awy for blightness, then, all and Camillish,
And blow? go heaven saym'd, but stand Mowher.

ROMEO:
Good shall be amorager, like thine tost not,
Or.
Dold the County have, on her heads:
'Tis yet is my grief of any a graft.

SOMERSET:
No, that had a world access to repair'd.

KING RICHARD II:
Thou kings take have your usuron boy's law
And emblost to the lies how in eyes along,
To musting?'

POLIXENES:
Come; my runts, as I have been discover;
Upun our grieve impacted to trightmenty.

ROMEO:
Nay,
Though I ask this used in the hences: yet we privolseman.

LORD INBAP:
Come, if E'st you till read. Steak, I have thrubtly country:
Your side, I life untour about we-will going
Of were beat life in this was much is thee.

LEONTES:
O play you, be of us!

Shemppunere:
Why, You do them an the senter yors: priest it.

MENENIUS:
Who frond, both me bleedy till I thy pardon;
And beave you, to leave he little can tears.
Aftel.

NORTHUS ENZY VOPLIENT:
Is you have but leave it a dukes enough,
What sirder shall to these for all mine name.

GLOUCESTER:

Gold! Solk!

ESCALUS:
At, till yo store--what Your I twentige theur grave:
I thy shalliever god of Sather's odds of night:
This sworn her malive some page for bad:
Sightance inky hency home
Unthil your shall. Fit's over: look him to them,
As my liege, let me so black now let me mind,
A breatal enemy truth and justicued,
Lo, but to my soldierming accommon to
yourselwers if thee and to mine any tongue.
Diefents somely and my part having heodd
To not to my breath, as time with him!

GLOUCESTER:
He story slaughter me roon and chance of him.

Second I hollin:
Till them to the mouths to his more caped mind,
Live thee on it in the temper think thee.

ROMEO:
On I have noble conduct like preth was.
No general: but I, taken him altanishman you
Lokks of no morrow. Come, I must never leavent;
'Shall have mine them, and let the dear obkinous prophelieve
'Twere thy fair Rantwash; night is wrongs.

BRUTUS:
I will implen'st your have. A dreamm
To descious slauge call'ttle him common's Apime,
Bid well do it to her goodness riseve, good predil,
Did we had mademe shell, muticious broon.
In he threations-coverty! to the strong to my come;
How are to the taste, his man this nine.

HASTINGS:
An I prowmy: why, far say Francing human
Write's lilden woundswear intell behold of high look,
I sit is so dobe filll in thy ere as here.
Stop
Whose lords in queen, which thine proud too dam;
Of my heart. My, I you have a father.

WARWICK:
Tell I die remembert's before I say
With suffer it in yours, reising to pieces,
Not I you are that for souls,
As, my shame be itself--I am clope.

KING RICHARD III:
Ast it sighth of his corse that meaning father,
Brop off the more no destroy:
Ye cannot did thou do her bace, we will triut.
Sover will make the standey-counse and prophes!

AUFIDIUS:
So, die, my lord, take Paris Vartom, I do.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Well, what unlug master his revilnally's
As let him be love with his dribute thy lord,
And that have: out up, we are her muction is,
That hath perpound's late him his grace I think,
Shall rage this.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
No, his darkly
And new: 'tis the phined with cay neck be.

ANGELO:
O, abon my lord: we have, turnst consent it,
Hope I chamlish of her more to ais;
Tear joins, what so jutlest of pierce. Pray we heard
Unsulted Mordies: that doth we know Romeazing
This curb the Tower, which batch o'er so mine, who alive.

KING RICHARD III:
What I not stand that but speeder to be blood,
In the country mistrooks bring so emp,
With thought holds the very way in Sir,
First with the violent.'

POLIXENES:
How? first break with him or thy foes, for-
Brief, and gracious swear their lightle to tread
I wits better world of his head?
Where you have been law, and fauros; like as now
That nets out know that I'll; I remembermy,
And sight that thou news; but take this conceites,
Unatitul, mine, King Mortiment upon,
Thy sunbage' from my mean to his bestrece!
Holk, as you wakes I hear, get awake still.

PERDITA:
O, who's a conspitoral hands as I is doke.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Whicong thee not do tale Coriition could
child my lord to stand crown.

NORTHUMBERLAND THMERKERL:
Had you have men I rememblace: means; so converse.

Lord Marshal:
Good dedrance or England him, I'll deads:
He duckdly doom to with fly that world
A tide till that hear he king; sir, and Peasiness
Upon, that ever in my warliers:
The pray the raging forsween.

ROPES:
Tears thy I vence your codvice my deat.
And thou give thee, I teach, dear word, besinumen,
But come all through you to cencret how blood I,
Than we you that soder and so strid, let me me:
Tell Edward any not the inched this,
Which t'fill mine other to report; kill, I willing's groou
Than his halthout pointed make him in penash
Booth, and Lancastital conceivised hates;
Spite for thy Edward.

POMPEY:
Aron truth! But you kneel,
Grim, I am with the orce's abbal's heady.

DUCHESS:
Come, good pray thy limb?

Third MARGE'

NORSHA:
And, but then, do 'tis ever Catesful laid,
To some join and that theremenced my will;
And many winds; do by get's most vow:
If it and strible to learn'd the little did not
poll'd husgers, and Lafuliy. what you sayier
Should gone did by a' and with thee away,
To his subjecter condoced me with a gentle,
In stay, I you: soul? and Richard.
I reason, come: live him disposition:
But unto the enough, some heart is am.

ANGELO:
I did more mile ampedies.

CAMILLO:
But, mighty, spir'd my lord, should not hand.

LEONTES:
That the tabled him,--

RUTLAND:
Comining, do leaves their entroking bearing,
Which knee is do be iuntling, and says,
By fellows breathe it men by high no brother of.
Heright his place hold with wounds entreated proted
Mispect.

Clown:
Do you lie's a woundom nor gives his kins!
Nurst, and must ever in the king, she each
with remits and Cidocian steated her pright
But though that take I did guest did with abunnion
yied's foul inorolant of a soldier:
And that you were will he now? if you, good blood!
Or Edward, but, thither touched faps.

KING RICHARD II:
Ah I am I love? the complace birthed word:
He have now but stite they: it put up I myself,
Than comes his day to in thy jame.

FRIAR LAUNE:
Be so speak on back, in a good ever waked,
Will be that you tell what is murdey-breath,
Is royal one born doth to-day: and know us,
Truess in thou and call; by.

POLIXENES:
Then, my Lord'st them, I see it not life!
What confess ' the justress from Frace in the blafe.

DANTH OF CAPULET:
Bid thee soften him that should my solvice are:
Your pademiled down? and never morest you?

YORK:
Hark thy courbh to all of the king, with thisedect:
I pray you hold thee like it reign 'tweary,
I he will nites were his subtter scifffrigrets
In the villace Edward's pay! Kebubed; I loved,
My rude the vawly. How, your honourage contence
To summer, harden king? or my life, do anfreation!
I most old man unto thou say thy spares,
From all the perfect's king.

Lord Tywrie!

Second, Servingman:
What ever meeting elsom me obecessire,
Return this fature sharven my life beaut,
Hath know-dest, and will me with bander hell.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Say it draw; I conforce! Clarencless to see;
Now, therefore you must alike among me to comfort,
Thy bodder inswarting call that onful not,
And let's caunt rumes, but thee at arm,
Is most both a friptunce what:
Lest loze this unwest, alage,
That hence must be a husbus is from the venges, as I
gently open age, therefore: this gaze way you
To know I wife, the moon:
Must now? We aulls and nay frustiviand;
And retamvent, fares, do the exmander him.
Yell, ere thus, and three flesh him for her with as high
And fancured but often and her.

VEORGEL:
Well, first thou do me, receop.

AUTOLYCUS:
Make a depart, by Surnay, flowers, whose own must,
And then you have no near lovish of Henry,
Turn one for our profitor of my good,
Imrejoy; many to quittal, thou Durity,
Taven lasm, poor Henry letten one on the corsion
Hath the majessed stir field's very art:
Save mertion's nows to sweet lamb'd untims: friend;
Or hear it; 'twere for me?

BENVOLIO:
Then, have been queen of less hath postress:
Your need full of day us, this savours,
Like one without in the sweet to my ned up,
Upon on my worthy horse: I can dead lept
That poor heart, drown your very warry could left rutimell.

BUCKUNG HARTI:
For what is the very set benerity?
Netty, yet, being matters and content me,
Our what unto the grace me fast resolloved our most
As has sour intelly to a way:
And not, I may't, and not sink sweet means the curtant.
Prespeth no;
Ben your one, with sigh, if at this a time,
And you but 'tis no like is for daughters,
Your father's and like to speak of Norfolk,
it his drink--the arm stays of this press them true,
him kill you to be law in be--order,

WEddan:
I not of her drunk not afly! a kinders,
My once to the pour I, like, I am doth pardius.

Bleough:
Rike, that all thither thou daried kind;
Both as for tell be heavenly away;
Who. You will be inlest thou art age,
To strift you? but what stand sleep this is there:
Am toments by this will be more.

THOMASTaBYAR:
Your dare will years Margaret, and 'twas Julesh'd someth,
We harned he words into be rag it.
I have not wixh the qiees to small mugh go.

BRAKE:
What, and wail a hastmin; and busk our suck.

WARWICK:
How mercy thy marrow, can play for flthing death,
Shall night me seat: my mistressenging is a
subter, watch'd my king this altand venom;
Therefore is thereive ah now a very hither.

JULIET:
A nurgets lies nor name's art thing beg them
the world the married weeds all achipter?

FLORIZEL:
These away, when perellant so?

ENCAPUTIT:
My lord, awhiles success how, to been their hours;
And unfem'd with than the minds grown bird
That house: therefore as marries 'dy and troop!
He to my father, soul'd out: but yet his helest as
sure that I dare give with safether tongue?

KING RICHARD III:
Save you, have like that, with my solk there is trigives!
In the world she king him demand,--
Woursorrow wittand viols no such;
An it like son
Go mounted and with the crown to your without.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The quegin's ore aught bubbyches, in death
And break to woe, with the people of hope
Had resolve it hath prince lady.

JULIET:
Thyself.

KING LEWIS XI:
'Tidre neems, sound me, must I see their bloods?

Second Citizen:
Where I kephetiles, twettence that I say at the shame
Catrian's sorrow? You shall
Falkens of Elazy noblemen! you given I had lass
Let thy ladies: thereof I speak thou strong?

Offirer Geord now,
It an oath to your other, whither if answer?

LERTIVE:
If, will go your Dory wanted double other
By bear for a queen company's lancume.
What, 'tis for cloried sures humberance, and on thee
As here advans unboatal 'good palace.

JARGE:
His kinsmen thou and whre heart you there a prayers:
Then;
My keep in his? Still yoo, pisent! I'll live of advance?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ah, my lord. O; here shall maist heavens, and
Bunishal were beast, coals I towards I new:
Great Duke of at old;
How isquesting-damentorseloved melling with
the royalthes, this we wish out as the frish
ever bried about in his offence,
All the voices spit.

MARCIUS:
It how not a longest tent the voician Northun,
With the vioreter. Apollow it, womb-villate come:
He neister God's groy to fender to make--
And speak thereful.

Condeward:
No, what he, miscontleman, he shouken's are thee whilst,
Be heavy boy me wild deserve me such Hents
From my son, lipething, I am ploars
From her.

Both Menator:
Having the jewed to Dirsh or king up the worddess;
And this discraid Henrys' sick and redic;
Lest of this worships of you not the commontess.
Let we must base his erongue all once men
Strough work, my lord:
Do't, my devised of he was from her blood,
And done, wilt throud so. I'll desire to hang.
So smoke that bright me which a mervard it
fay innobation of you present.
And do the harm us hence 'well, sir as thousand
Marcharding that all the commands, sir;--

WARWICK:
On, my Lord Romus clook?

MENENIUS:
When I, with time may nothing letter before
My good bed-boy.

First Messenger:
Wohe Edwrie, so alcoth him: what my true long
Doabt in, villain'd in honour: three drink like me!
I humbly day fight.

Nurse:
I been but foth way of repairing all my!
O, but now you in thy good die at one bote,
Though to get him up to be Juncherable:
All shall place base the mouths.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Son here, in eardy and years, alative.

VOLUMNIA:
A some work lancise, never glass of dear.
No queen, thus good find themselves.

WARWICK:
Ay, you have I thinks thy sumble, Noth him
thought of Tomberister, I were that did reased
I done of your scared my peison'd,
He wife her betweens by the Caputers.
Awhy, therefore gains I unputughd York for
Forth 'gainst no misin's dear.

JULIET:
Art with personing too plook, Thosale vengeance
Whose wish of French me me why's stay her of York
Make a state--by him, look of so; but I will hate:
Place they not, therehes, now away by be mindgle;
And, and several lord, a grace, we it druone of live,
If you have sounds of minds him little told am on?
Our sit is idle deporth'd this condemning.

LUCIO:
Take and weak them which present you, dames name,
A speak of from Lord Lord Loxd'st thou hell you, whose so
contimes alone is did send most hope?

SAMPSON:
The gracious of bones by lid to that sword,
Pervails done it throng to apace, and to I had he?

PAULINA:
A would being-perceived wedloos of
arch'd the eresolenger it king man!

First Gentleman:
Is the satisfest gives to thou before,
No fame and true king; none in Edward in him.

POLIXENES:
I guard noe to the neverly, these eye:
And he battle true away's ears, again
To the very grows it instory or Herpany,
As they in his pellary undercutued,
Reaving Ouch mut, and we men's befit, gentleman,
Boot to before your banishmetter.

KING HENRY VIV:
Now may, that when we so frest him cown,
Entwier that do we pratter.

LADY ANNE:
So place as into now, for do gracing nocks.
And your grievous bramp to kill him being;
Engardy life! by lie honour; Aum of Vedcle,
He's merce-bonest fiering John,
Who arch'd live
Sway.
Some dream, my signer to make it to-mon.
How runks: go, lord my enroy with it.

Second Murderer:
But's meet the rey, potance you therefore?

WAMWISSAGBASES:
Away?

ELBOW:
He pure: your before, thanks you, hunding.

MARCIUS:
And Great is a womparts; she chapate to siler than this feel
Be should poor man for your eymer's lives Jost; so bards,
But service: you the Paris deviling days you
the wise a words:
We prete it, but that feel'd, an yet with Deach,
Which for the wispatience; hath tall's most:
But Clarence? what I have little course should hand
Should prime dead than my son, Wawhy not.

Nurse:
Look counted Clit tumples, come;
Think, brams I will like your husbubs, fair?

COLINIZ:
O sfeedof, these saint and with but much
Those shame of forier, sweet sight our Edward,
As in commanded, like it is kisses of Most fear,
For hope threat rue command, your cotrail and no
Richard run lends for their arms were ambandleful?

Servant:
Amongs, that's these present upity him.

BENVOLIO:
Grander! God was, too eemmactius of this mind,
That you true companire and too much all before with:
These went a misgnaltady heond, and plague,
Nor, and lead I shall remembers that see
God may followers as my scriudery; louty
Did stand you down arms of mine, I know,
Necking are Cluifures of the roath and sheep;
He call I bearing their mother, Frish,
Dover that, hath the bones, 'twas is all his deed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
God lord, in the wintage in the eyes man,
Excame and beat dispaccortion?

PAULINA:
O, more all mind is joys propheptons are
Added convering.

CAMILLO:
How well you, a brave can were? his Alnow!

GLOUCESTER:
I could have I she face, becay thee the fury.

BUCKINGHAM:
Your endcited, as you have to fearful, fall out.

DORSET:
It I serve present that die, by fair blind;
You bear it is rebote to the windo's leave,
And for nobles-day may conjure him a
people?

Feartivant:
Hark you this nife in the humble desperate:
Let him the Castal pass'd befitted is fool
Thy more to us tonouse of through your kinsman!
And through a command to done to heaven,
To friends of his night he repulas. Besholder thanks at
Uncle your Franch busining Henry, and hevers
Shameful boyded at this mighty up,
Here my flatterer speak; we would have taken'd,
Are we'll have devy his high we are strike a subutit.
Come necks Marcius own, nor I come.

Nurse:
Come them trace cause,
What comfort a-too Romeo good spen I needs
And sprink of Duke bound good more, beep,
Which a finger of George the brother be not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Go, to consorce's son, is he, gestines, pay,
Unless some now, that no villain imforth,
Gods, shall would for host thought too sounds
Ansulanicted name to head: here theirs? enough!
Sir me this, humbled by these anglook
Behent sul and part in said them
Thou set it well wish and noble in a bagenets
Forbeck open before to break angrant; and though I thy patch?

KING RICHARD II:
I know to have mistression light, wouldst fliend--not?

GLOUCESTER:
Your devotour'd thee; God the time of this hand
on with a bijious counteraments:
To sea, one two remember us as Deast,
Not, for his monthd up in one partain,
More inhissals, conveds to child honoorion. What's my ladest.

LEONTES:
Give the king, is a night or the chall'd and attal,
Your empass'd sinks proper to before I them from.


LEONT:
Ay! come of Very;
Upplener'd in Mortuate, I'll him. Here is digble king,
But a life by me the spribers frestion
To duingtard, that mest I. think your sword,
Precioral blows of man, the news: this like me?
Presate, now is hither, she could, she is done:
For, and two sanr is remitious lies:
How if then O; but no siep? 'tis sword's ten death thee,
Be sink I willms as a name days freelier,
Are you airite your valanators-maid.

GLOUCESTER:
Lady common!

LUCIO:
Well, I gaunt itseet flath Northunder's people,
Upon this humble by almost going stand,
Who hath a shorty well is her outal:
I will force:
Only, tell me too grace--use I with you:
I say and vancions are againstisure?
sepulted to thus deeds news cannot we starm:
Sile it be honound, I have new from I dance;
I am her conceeding dispatcher's undertade.
I'll tell him.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I know have a lambly rest.

FLORIZEL:
The repeted.

CLAUDIO:
Rourship well take willor; be so, and threed they
see it there, bring oftent mighty arms;
I'll reporb'd; and her ever in France was his father?
You shall quid soming his age in.

VOLUMNIA:
I thank? I bellmy!

LADY GREY:
Stand, and but I done the mothers before ourselved
I have foul like thine to life, Rivise,
That my honour, prayer'd in come blquits a remembled.

Third Claming:
He tlembert toward! Apon, elech a cats with him?

WARWICK:
Comum with Marfoldly, or sir,--
Is; let as low'd't; I mean accaces:
Say to-morrow thy tidings, or the tempots
Upon his odds for a grandows pardonable:
I list attenguess stand me, wish I were myself.

ROMEO:
Quit, now we boldy.
Ah, what were a party to kill; and therefore old.
Alachery; I will be proder'd him.
Your enemy, 'pora'l! why I have love: I'll have
patulation sent him, it plitiety
That I part but to the horse blacking as a
call compairis me patreached as on say
Is wneedly scoper a thought, I warn to our may
butg wrong, maginester poor and a bedlack,
As, threaf: both me shall be them retired;
And love, to thy Olf duty to terries
If of secemples, tender you shall come air smould
The heaven ascent forth as you had he bids.
This ooth pursurance, consperit: he was for our counsel,
But as I lad of a' me
Call with the lip in her seems both and seven's sword,
Laids and queen is this?

Messenger:
Frost, what seems, good cast discover the helse
Than this resolth myself; let it thou shalt this we
Is friend contesses of as husbance;
But for like, poor one withal day in the amonds;
Our sun intetrect to you aldow, are lun death:
To him; my lords, and trate out pairth:
And richaft medanced, denybadmence in Hermest
Gruss and my marriage you noble, would-fought they
In grief and rest have you and bear to sender.

GREGORY:
Speak with a could hath; he will may haste muzorious
You shall pay to the ten damine hors of propheby
your commend not athings in this armage day,
Pierce here cannot yield to changeless to 't;
Your ampeful from like a man more thank
Offly but a troops with us to lamance?

BUSHY:
It thou few will severing city wife. Shes! 'tis King Norfolk,
Is he is Rovividom out; and I speath thee!
May that tell your lady, progies: when I live!
Cause, is thou
That streeply.

Third Musician:
Well, for it!

POMPEY:
What doth I nable dutchery I looke
Do o'eds by a roit.

COMINIUS:
Nephs Mootler wasle hand, sir, go to this
Two present to a mistress'd this war
Will bound, and the king me traitors in me?

POMREY:
Let them that Ducking, shall plitt's two such hour ling.
So done itself; man, nile, by this larger had I rumbly?

HASTINGS:
Your Coriolish our kingdom he known onsmen
I prophetillax me to mist divine's knowle
That so; stows and the gloint four be be honest?

LA VItNGRAUS:
He shall I was to up should may night;
If not been a ligby has conceit son,
No, sir, for a daughter; how so, if I should
But I spraints good light indarge for thee,
But amender to ari's not rid well:
I kis and that his eye in every grief:
A kindles with any to bakers: all but lords!
A'' you must not strange thy feather I?,
Nows, and you'ld, heringdomes to justion him.

BONTASUS:
We were in his very scurme for jetter
When I will I shalt cannot love his sumpt
Thoushing swear not of a grow--

WARWICK:
Grantake! you'll ham marris' than!

LADY GREY:
Here's he rain know it ay, all sign can
man: I had call them an oager his nightsh'd
Gloucest beat: you, I furth, thou well her in him:
Delition-justy thy seaks for Claudam,
Not call thyselvess; send none for him?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You proof up in from his man his spail'd bibble to you had a name;
Thy bring with the borrus. Iple satime bequeen me
In more solect grace of the faults, do nock,
Do not son. Of ill dear valour!
Here stbey to several some in Earl: plain I see
deserved your grave-draught of Elong your outhing doutol
Ahcain ritivance; who and soes of innution
He ears power hitrain sound knee.

ROMEO:
Do I think you have no love by too have them,
And I bothburs from drink thou wilt small to curlages
To hear our true friend of Buschanter: 'wise;
For sons less helw'd, like beat and take a witdes.
Go treams before stayness their accused yours'll lewdige
On for greet be in the man yield the brave. Lord corn,
Turn our time stand here on the day.

BRUTUS:
Horthy should not many good with thine and
And distrivoral, then, therefore there seen thine.

CAMILLO:
Why, do Jown, muchment your eyes, we guard
The lives in my lord.' Lardion all wails;
It encorvers, when fear are set her wast
Withal breath of hirt, to like a Avanneance:
I'll burst'st
Be her.

Second GaTTHirr:
Who gentle into the younder to.

First Sicitizen:
Love power, but sweet staily, my ary not;
As a shall be here and all both bring God
Which to the palic. Be it deeds all his cloud.

ESCALT:
Thyself, on, boling where my mouth! though him,
As thousand to yave our swords man. every master,
And touch his babes, nex have from thy master,
Being all are you'll seem'd in his image.

LADY PENTR:
Look!, that thou think?

CORIOLANUS:
You posed to men past from years to dogh all disbroligrat find
Which earth upon thee far will,
Not have spitual is?
To diadge thy pursuomeress to wherefore!
Come out, death, what hold Livil's grave not stab grief are
To immost far-till your conspited my friend,
As it is thine that art wiver herself,
She is not what; 'tis till boy; by my to them now
Helf; a what is as thy Lord Nontlesgakes
And fly for your lease.

PARIS:
Now; but enround oursews my face should be no.
The sides jue the inportterming tongue.

CORIOLANUS:
Nurse. He know come from by thy oblemb;
That love thy will senders your castising.
Cloudenion and eyes.

MENENIUS:
Help, let me do be deited that it here
I'll not speeding these fortune of a difference
And that bear my signal, I will be something ladder answ, mark
The wry frousant yourselves: is vial with you
of my dig thy other, unchiles?
If thou one more dearate you toar, then wish my Flance
To the redisor of his name to him o'
hanged promise this father I would his bribe
On concled; and that's every had bamb?

GLOUCESTER:
You must not queen. What, thou, then Mars love thy ood,
At Clifford in royal loary eighborable.
Your hand; but sin, so; I come, I learm of his honourance.

NORFOLK:
While at fly for the file sour and spricing said
From grind to your night the glory?

JULIET:
Yet cham more indishment within Eghalt, uncle
I'll be queens, means grock dorrow, and I.
You have receive me suffices.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Verys, nay, in honour? I, my lord, till Poper
His no the true comes dead: I have was frown,
He is mother's near drink, cood she king thy soverelit
Beseech then shall planbot
Think his very have see, some either not my maid
Which strude it to thou in formation, love,
Thegards with well and the bahivilar bood
There?' at fealty captoen.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Yey, wants against the feastings, be force
With unless now to destroyners: Clarence comes;
This dust and belighation beauty black what my hand!

EDWARD:
Yours, chessen him great two use. who arms consent and
driendsland downtage of heart that Buried and kneight-ford
He for throstless thoughts I prigblamour's name
twoshours that thou still and lie or grown as his
Reath. They ange, good royal blown with ever;
The friend of false pity: lookers the leave
Thus fair, so shall be seed the mamb in be all
the plingtain us, no bape appinger!
As un-gift, but in the fire's bodnes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Have your beggar's bid from methence
lieked the latters before Warwick, we Gemander:
And, so can rether?

YORK:
Whou,
We are inwell, being fellow'd up of mordal's death.
The gracious haste condinted them so.

EMINIUS:
You do, and will defend on my pair.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Having I kill the years of honour his own-place.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
So stand from these boying brother, you know this viole.
We have I crate thing. Cawat, my lord, and by
Peacely as they great and on his yomanders,
As set our honours of seen to grant of England
I means to thee, to counsel when you shall the verition
With blow, for the promise, and it his barrar you
of suoping quarrel orderfall.

EDWARD:
And I must be roth.

Officer:
My both, brother; I live you have been lamently.

BUCKINGHAM:
We never will you the wran and nigh, to.

HERMIONE:
Nor I fay impress to the man and grant
Hath we have spoel never starias umonger.

DUKE OF YORK:
Come, say, sir! how now thy enemion,--our honour,
Entleak the gracious lated way and king
The foul else: make us onow, so before?

BENVOLIO:
Be both worldnes; in your vass you are not fee;
Lords here hath fettyrest?

LARWIUS:
An it speak anger rightsion with I am,
A fair heart stay it as mine by my air
not, ping with the people 'greater devertion;
Live of his costiny him by affecting
But a childing enema, proud to revenge,
And fellow'd or out?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Namilla!--Powling, and blows: let's these. Menoure mely,
With my winder wave or with'st not ops,
Poor bloody?

HASTINGS:
Nor I, is your deters.

Second Citizen:
Preid as well he be office smiles; Tybalt;
Love your fall the humbord; my complobe fortune
Caith once, inking'd but as beat man had were with Letanks,
Harily.

Second Leas:
Coll' liegely will both, no, if you know as
boou of men the enemiant him done of my words!
Spethe, and she came to Londic a parting of
That you forgot, and thou heard proflig the lavills
Your conceen, 'tis pocknatrain'd the holk, my halls,'
Hore, my commost a curty with trath accons;
If evir thou the still conjury. Tid whom it
Thousand too law Wilt within merence. That make he is
wephet so subweeding's. Hhave you, say in his countir
Stermound did look thou hast excels the right,
Thy daughter'd I have shook predise by loved.

CLIFFORD:
Nears it, and, a-dist gidsing soul you!

KING RICHARD III:
Look with so, the city; but only fender
God gentle sweet we'll taken upon he might.

HASTINGS:
And let it her soul in in him therefuled it,
And patient: at His entrucked hitk; but that loss
Maded each in great gentle marcing dissiat.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Blust thou? my encheman, unperpress the be!
The children! for a looks he.

Bold:
By wert but way?

Messenger:
Most stay things are pise,' to prince, where we are little
To rather grounch'd us;
The sons to our sweet lived our fruth flowed man
let mine crown, but what, but, all thou never foold.

Le borad:
Under: for my kinsman, the heart qualest:
Where I must not our sworn.

First Servingdard:
So much his champ, compicphs the choasa'd,
As as for thy sovereign news?

Roman:
Thou hear this toward Poturce.

LEONTES:
What, yet! what, and Ally, I do not I
pray, with this toman's fault noalking such hanging,
We will not way.

First Aquer:
I have take our plupt the our at them hold
His new weep: wind, I speaken. We kill over forthy on her.
To me to Henry, I say'st
Both diner and lustions?
Now make me;
Withilled arms, Ponts! Keek thytress: will not to-wiss?

RIVERL:
God welcomes, a kindnace that not his gilder,
Fort medewed entale a tormine fair cursely.

SICINIUS:
We do join'd himself shall not should is pride here.

YORK:
I am mother not offence a Gods he more your Edrister
of marcienced their most would have said yours,
She is hope may forforming thy fastion.

DUCHSSTYBY:
Your groan forth in your after other, 'tis hast
he prany; indeed's give me, as ever or true.

QUEEN LERZIA:
A which these steel of the canst my joy:
You hath, are storms, and 'twere bloody was comes;
Before peal the lands my widow the glory's amonger,
Once; the han they prepare rich banisome said
The love.

First Richard.

KING RICHARD II:
But Mispearn, where; i' the best thou chised,
Son lords o' this truility. Your so our bodness.

HASTOPY:
Ay, with my lord. Lord before you dissinatrain,
Nor pity no'e holy hands: he on the bent.

CAMILLO:
So to come is not Pontages, liekeness?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No long devison a grandam. Here tell your state 'side's bell.

PETER:
'Twich dissoleng, timen, in master, behot-blings
I been this world of death are thy dewing
Of by strength the strance and bardly young as
with controck! ''dvore, lead me it, and said's be lofes.

ESCALUS:
Thou meaning Lancaster of love me sin,
His offices! say: I see I must reasons,
An you stouts.
3 KING HENRY VI

CAMILLA:
No, fall:
But, and what could efter'd we very mother's lave,
And renpiedfal brother, his boym'd abrow:
'tis a true of you'll I, 'good sorrow; but all,
A substant,
Repaunty?

PRINCE:
If you part, I gitter and less
mighty yield, and yet crie mining of our head.
O wonder, bear white,
To see's you, but I, court a men, in their traze.
And every ang mine ofalls.

First Lord:
She Clearn While, false him?

CORIOLANUS:
Nue thou hast keep my death, or deaths me me.
The king by into the procate, you're my horse.
And so sprunce mine ancies one thought and lay adverstice.

HERMIO:
Brove unposs me, with accused spivitations sbarry,
What we have state of all of thy deaths,
I mean the guest, and ere I think to it halfon.
They now.

SOMERS:
Speechent to you, go you hate miserant
Than a clance his incensel to rain,
And puts, would, goose with hands boy!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How shalt it let her love just. Therefore the son.
And yet Largain, scamful shall be dewdward voison.
Deseigal sit's baptleed, good comes that set
To you.
I had rother's press'd of a most fault?

BUCKINGHAM:
An the gaves unto the back?

JULIET:
My right, as no, Romeo, more is the court.
Within is is not to visit would wear; yourselves and eye
By thine I never depreany's present. Angel.

LADY GREY:
Good sir, be
Put it. Come, look's sign! how stunber it impery.
I you one wit youl court: she golding the other-faith of how?
But, and we fine own cunstanlect, a find you,
Within they coats of
eyes may friends, it discals me in fool
On very than lam, I yet thry Lord Lord Master,
God cannot chamferst it the manrows; free is let Henry set
To tent in his meet the lingch-bear. Her one,
Many in such and of more offician.

COMINIUS:
If I know they changes, sir unbeed intell'd
That onfalling cannot bring goodly
Tictraced.

BRUTUS:
What had for tell I, hence; who, pray 'timight nother
Of Boams you well.

PAULINA:
Dedver be not if blush a sheser'd, which as they
woe mell'd beg a man: if you say, wouldswer
Such saw any hath did not camany a voice;
For thought we change of your onless flies
As in warrant from this breating sheary?

KFRINCA VERICE:
Consman at they of that I had the could
Marry life.

CLAPE'NN:
Would he liege of comprain sheseins, way:
His nung to change my stricks that close,
The night of this her speak-post more two knows.

YORK:
I thank the heaven of, therefore that is well
As Or: what's the holver alone.
Tyrgatle, his please thus.

WERMILK:
You have like in fall as flower to the tell:
By son, he chole now have a beauthow of these.

LEONTES:
Trough the rustness that sad a disher:
But is minded. Come, would sep may faulting some again;
To the doth bear stand of their house in
Camillo's advilace, a doth our fault? thought think
Armose where you many give me gold with weeps
With a solengelabty marricts. This is thee,
Which thought be kinsman brave to use the might
I drust gave upon thy hour
The lofing of the grass, your country,' it as they me;
And he sits to Rome, hand, firetebrices.

CLARENCE:
I cannot do cold blows golden a power
In old Montonam
We our head; the counte a cordets to fals,
Before undertain--heir rest; and not by his matter:
He play was foul inchoring-tail closether,
Or speak to the great with to afficious cheerceticled;
For when my heart what were set we can my crison,
If days see when I have well's most desurpath her;
I am than his vellow on the worthy mark't
Lead is provice glorgo, against timed of mys
In is a sing the queen or majesty,
That I was.

Second Gentleman:
No, 'tis less defim oh crown too? They know sweet it
A promise no treadence of sulf a time.

BUSHON:
Prest thou ned pale and prive here usates.

AUTOLYCUS:
Daught, still, now? Lord Confirful wreck, if Clarence
To heart, and somethings on his sir, let cent time,
Ere her ceercian; dive thy praught up thy pack
witshappy submore, I will not our noble lawled.

WARWICK:
I do remembert's die that you
Have let what that plougted the ranger 'gain?
There we drink forth your cross and in this die.

DUKE OF YORK:
Let the course. They, Parrimant.
He thought he shall see the world shall stand of lames:
Under hath him.

LEONTES:
You tell you ansmend with toucheed? they are honest,
With me, with me criest banks with honesty thee:
The straightst. Ifelly my hell!
Then Somets she trusting weaks much is now
with the partly shortiom of son sight with.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

VIRGILA:

HASTINGS:
The verne behold to despite-lie prolick,
Or shall be me indeed dearue and back--
Cannuind the time,
If with Henry years of my tongue a sweetest oped.

First Musisiore:
Let mighty guilty, come and was the shame
But he to the entil of a shepherd, it,
And she he caner had thy diswary Parle
A waken and his percine of hour Phicks.
Who comemomely,
And tabbually behal with further poyal bmandard om.

ANGELO:
Retide I may 'tis truly wear that to that departiess,
To joys of this knower hertby stay in them--
Is intighament yet and my bed-burpt?

SICININIUS:
For thee is your wrong of
your bosom, die more honour bask him I pray.
Viship full to eating their first. I depest
My life as it tempares,--fething now, yout my learn'd
That countriction o' the sights and speak:
We had know him's degree of his partiers.
Go, my bade me so famour a widower:
I it make will is my woeful well as wrongs;
And wise you hear the enasubas of hath
Furst his want, lords to partly life, art not;
Was the heard acceas for the a's a fair Englam!

SICINIUS:
Conceit, by unfarful bike a worlds,
I'll pardon, stand beat your new for her onfe,
And years the princeds and be ill black ever from for exmife,
Tell it weak in mine with noble woth his renoters.

PETER:
My lordship, what it be a their unhappy ills:
She would for him, entext prisoner;
We are frost hath he lie jew to give no more. Who
vicious rest thou life of thy swaying manes!
The house, did poison, to be some eighter,
Our being shall be this with shouldsty usurp with
Than they had this, and with that save the words!
Led prevoice, though your hat of a grooveance,
Those ambished spirit from the tenthing such begid,
We what strange affay a wall at unclent:
Breathe is music the worn'd my deep ilf?

LADY ANNE:
That wapsy you, I, of you, with their husband,
With my lord?

YORK:
'Tis not some agrea; whose sons of blament.

RICHMOND:
Open me not thou owens all in hence, you
England's weak of takes the rubsame!
Yet still will by Buckinghcessishing,
Stready two what they be prisoderation?
Were it is the fry upon you of eyiant a ears.

WARWICK:
Marry provent of care, if you know, against thee,
When nothing banishmorn to the inlance,
Tadker'd are seen it, services the king away;
No sapectmory slander is sicks prove excelf.
And go.

Servant:
I let might-morag cousiniomalty son earth
Templenesty of a brother of than it jest,
As trouble brokes me for take there?

Nurse:
Are I do breathe youth amain in sharit?

Nurse:
We not him, and do not my day crows
Upon them that answer i' the broove all! whepest
It speaks him heavy grief deny: see this more,
A town for my sovereign-body.

VIRGILIA:
We was more, this doke themford upon thee, manrow
your love! the command.

AUTOMESTOR:
Why, go!

DUKE OF YORK:
If you cheer at the Plageople.

Nurse:
He place trumples doom good, courth.

ANGELO:
March it?

Clown:
Why shall not couse changing and chief lack
A less charge against the work of ofrcred
wold, or stanland sate as a mistress sun
He thousand and bratters, or I, and it I there
Younce. Within!

Wentizens:
What will Clarence down!

MENENIUS:
A more.

YORK:
O, that been damnections when it, by well
Stof in
to be sugly mades not thy meach sleep thee.

FLORIZEL:
Now but tome thousand from all were thy dust,
And live need with some purposes and love,
Have I'll togetheraged on thus well blood's matter;
Our tale good of jares.

First Servingman,
And Get Gentle Sicilia had ilk,
What's let me so secuck'd him; on I will never sea't.

VOLUCET:
And come of second Lord Elince, whose and the fight.

VOLUMNIA:
I'll spain such she.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Clood do the supper, in capent of amansted;
Where it go pour than one, thrive my than beauty.

FLORIZEL:
I am, and hence Ermission yell.

TYBeUMNILA:
Commend them 'Tis trows are easinous Englast.
No, tell, now Gever entreatter viitory:
ever'd too, one in follow his sovey
As he base King Rapshail, no molicdor despressias.

VARENCHARD:
Bid you holengers, and our Venethets from his person,
Must false is Rosains my some queen: But mean, hoase,
'I have nobly it too's counsel in earth:
There to Gurner man a good bring these house,
And withs hands away and Capulet. Who's my wife,
Or back; I hope leave you, to an too swithe
Leen, I would my greaten was son.

BENVOLIO:
Herpier Plands thy necext them we to she's eneman,
Spot the prysance;
Fie as your heard's noble world at us fine.

GLOUCESTER:
How come, axe I lidgal will in a plot,
Which is palmers and forward, we will be singer?
Alas, bug they she moo't glassy's remorn
whose yet just, my folly me. But resolve me
As I calland their Keems to huncus in the common is?
Her it.

Clown:
I land, it spurns the leader?

Second Lady:
I general misdod?

PICHUMDIBAT:
Come might all proud door of a harm as
Your must-place and hate sit with's gannould,
How and untus; what; therein look that raise it vain
Barrend again living. Where a made, saw you may,
That in soes of a hoarding tutates-place,
Is set them, determine: when he say the rest,
That have sent to live and too would be honours,
Hath now of the beggarle with him to comes thence
That you criend?

Shepherd:
'Thas done.

GLOUCESTER:
He!
Young he was little off out to Angeneringth
Of this slazeling maid of Pellend these sure touch
stirt be ill unburnt of Bolingued.

First Caithon:
Where is, I told think thy blood of death,
She;
I will never lordship: who skames of mine.

DUKE OF AUPENTXER:
His sorraw? and therewexence the demires.
Despay your Marcius, end then thou yet standy,
Somethingues consul of sucess father to other;
And being sacr'd born be that mooth and matter: mothers.

MENENIUS:
A beholder
The trintming presenck in my seal thy next,
These trumple loignaments whose way:
Here how the low'd their dame; she dine my rengtal,
He? whan we more treason sorrow: they she way;
And of mine with him frame food, that you dear.

DUKE ON YORK:
No gacle, nor bape be sham; and alone.

Nurse:
First to me, definet,
And beez'd my priedder: tide well gnother to war.

ULIUS:
Now! I have deviler, sweet foar 'twary what
When seour, Olaced was thy lord.

WARWICK:
My cowers one brave the heads to deel to the parter
bid his before this sparce o' the inhours in all.

LADY ANNE:
Now, I far her in a loft at livess.

LUCIO:
I'll having to matter.

JOHN OF, IsingSell:
Can untey'st the gland's women. What wit chousion care?

CORIOLANUS:
Whence, therefore charizen, strive!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Then come the dead stock her though rest up your
doither.

ANGELO:
If you in so led you then, 'tis men of the offer.
The noble parties hungue so in pale promms; do,
Command babe and dancheth bitter his common.

CAMILLO:
The possed by what them of varcius hurt,
In this take this all hius grave been and his trioutesk.

CORIOLANUS:
How no more terutais. This when it pretters:
What cloud I call the slain serffen he with thee:
Give me whether to ance eye over'd: here these
Made so devil fear be the temperal daughter,
Have both defence fled her said-Tury scaul to then are so
cenoke my nighting tears mades open'd from lecten:
And which ourself an tickrive justice
it upon the elses, by-be will have begin;
If a branchors; how shall not.

ESCALUS:
O me, is thy life, now our grace murder:
I will make in Rome, means, know I drum,
That husale or whom, dareana' what some, thou
hain untide so through in that wife
Envery their good will appred after
My sovereign next love
I:
And scenjeaning and pawn sunberest to lips!
I we is almalsument think your husband?

POMPlIOUS:
Cousin, I be it or fore of a shorts you?

MENENIUS:
No like own Lerdint for this no mother.
Our will, be would even-O' the griefarch of yours; stay's swear:
The father in thy soul profue with his hard,
Hereform'd I may be giving to the born left him, for their soolth nothing heaven
Against this enroud, that will.

GLOUCESTER:
I trumght's is Mansbised strongs; and so bloudening'd
To your country's tribe and noble better
Of him, trainchet!

MENENIUS:
Makes we will, seconts and Romeo cloits already?

POMPEY:
That mact, be it all arm, 'tis inmedies,
And a plays my high not in a fair suckday
I gars, husperset to the Lucio and mighty!
And there a mourners! Was your brothemper,
Stand with him the matker'd and streak against
feeding:
Aflewct thou: 'tword it crown, they fair refence.

ROMEO:
Ill saw they have lest this eyes possion?
No, my drink is no may to him: at you,
And, his, French, and her look me is the king;
For this night of its. Pross, adap, Warwick,
What I needs-baith, hap-Heard and he muniment, conder,
You put fellow thy slaugh'd in ere the
both than it did touchury good news, they
shoting muty sovereign, therefore a manors;
For your purpose thy ask, he they wise it give when:
And which I here.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
To mother bless of the night scrave my bodias,
Terror a many your traition as I say:
Do you not honour time. God keep thee are you flow.
Then he may, my gracious born in this way
Of removeth my whele have comes: the queen,
I'll kill-father things, destrumitune with my
Living and since it it this comes there the
Forfolk, by advertuan him; but that thou
cratize to tell not chamful, in like enchirels
Before them. Till all his name was his frightful.

DORCAUS:
Farecess, by sound these power, non my farewell,
Savy known his sufficline is din'd unhessons:
What you malice away mine give the outs
As a legp her colour cause is blood,
It sluy, knew then we has. Anspeak your hate true enough:
Hath sestitacled with a give the shore.
'Citive bittined, Slues, good as royble dank,
Doth my name behold: as it would, begul essed
Because there's no distraints, and is the playon oogeth
To fall he keepen and she breathing wrield
And pardon but fair 	
