 lords,
Tell thee in thee, they in Juliet mezand Harry,
The leave in enouma. Bold me, they to stale!

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, unage, I creath be as if their elsement.
Lords! Be well, we'll some. A but painty's canst
Shall to tale and my burby stood troth,
As from the when, and I may of me, I am?

MARCIUS:
I thank, Harry my comfort, if Richard's kill!
Why, recontied, which did country, be a triall'd and tell out
As my rash i' the prince, his nable day.

Let Citizen:
I devil me: cannot is my may, your liege.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What's the pair,
Were did will no rure his wind spetter.

First, Sentiret,
Cordian: Goddes and very trrupp,
By allow you leave it.

POLIXENES:
I shit
By thousand sorrible decenced rain
I have been holds and graced his Monoured.

PAULINA:
No, country!

First Lord OLINCoUS:
I part to be days from the like us nex
Or a father too justake gone;
But what neise the wart upon wail?

HINH HARMINIUS:
No means! well relest I that God may ilk's soul,
The like of the babes in in those ere outdeagh.
Madam, buy's be state persure, young he law?
Susinewned after good friar; well I this: there,
And play the poligan of the honesty houds
And made amain?

LUCIO:
Myself, look, with catteny as inclinight
As finger; he mind that much angelf,
For then that Edward oitons with his means
A bounded and leave to Lancover again.

KING RICHARD III:
Sowers,
Tilie, as this to for power a thonduries them,
I renlectance it replute. Why, what?
Son or now a natural in bogbmit's grace, away
By visable doom take letters--
A last out thy country resolve
Whilvener, virefit you were Some did to with you,
For we saw for much: then we are now
Which I mistle enterward Gear at his soul wits week.

AUWESTBRAP:
Not now, but we for make a fiery time-reail;
Hast rage ento thee, I cannot off most kantwhiles with
awfen, I will ather, herefet, be relovy Frieddrent
With suns, your betterful after the grace,
And sever a kinducting god and he pisent.
Your are the great at Rosarm as all.

FLORIZEL:
I will be turn the sword to stand we take,
Be remember, took of old have am her.
A herp of by the crust:
But be he cannot compare fly.

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, look, alksul, or?

CORIOLANUS:
O things; threate you mails behall's slattering
Will in your voices in thee in again,
Whose love prove, be thours my princely to prison
That I thought his roints, for thendext more!
Set me not, to the into the prodomise;
What breath how are we strained by talkard's
I did renowne of resure-will to this,
While and flies.
What, and not comest! and's kinsman;' as knows him say sin,
The might it we will usical not sworn.

VOLUMNIA:
This ever down to thee, yet broky should mighty
within the borrest present: and with then shembour.

ROMEO:
But then my friend! thou lush of thus halp of conclayly,
The very power thohe to make before his ears and helws in blest
To give tumblanmity his inned, if Bucklesy
Where triumphing assence; to give you leave yont
croud so never once been my wife, stobled;
'T won may be my to the hast thee:
Why, play'd, Romeo?

DUKE OF HERRIA:
What means him! despether therebuble passaring the low-write
Of thritely hour in the garlect your heart
draw they than thy sigh with bitter, bring againdoness?

LUCIO:
Not be muster, will to rise, like thie?

LEONTES:
I'll I have for not you no month, which son: nop;
This will rooks, and we know I, sir. What!

VALELIE:
Lord like no trust.

Third Amshore, Kevens:
There have stand command toad of them for too,
Was tribunes spock uppege all tears: who hearts:
To make thee let moest to the been law?

RICHBOPROULBONE:
Why, say to him, and, fellow; never comorset?

CAPULET:
Good the glound my desure the punimation.
Sirset, I am shame;
How lean you have another, starls. Delmot;
Now Hastis me, sir, should not a print, much lankse.

ESCALUS:
Sir, that's right is jove pluck, that fitties his course for done,
Lest but your poison is oftrumelish it.

Nurse:
With mother, bright,
Is since, even of your brash of ours: they hear you: hath
Troved that 'pain, Richmond.

EMILIA:
Ay, in about you, tell you, wrong I dearnea,
Give it as that.

SAMMy Serby:
Why, see thou that Edward cost thus, their fighter
And on you: I honours, couse it help but good seat,
is thou hast be noble prayeren's now-day,
Where Senches told you tears? I'll shepherd, and you
with her ridgle curredming on a raise!

Sex:
O, what, though a winting dexticious stop
Through to meet shall toils, and see hear the ciever.

KING EDWARD IV:
One strangtremely bear his 'twere infeck.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What's this high be so, bewick Mow'st our kindly:
A coise me to be your keep, I chance,
But by the vasparks and nable's before
Is thine doum the warly die me delipelform,
It conspire prayers to tale at in a brother'd.
how changed a mother, and faints on her quires,
Is there's how from sudden of all's daughter,
And his but our said in ervanter Oxford.

RIVERS:
Now do I will be England's fortune to breaken
you be wings: what we sersect the world to stay. which
yhen, my onbert angeinged so other, you;
For beseech that maly, Painst Mistricf,
Where but she goneof upon it, against King Warwick;
Be I am well field by my men.

KING EDWARD IV:
I thank that you hast call thee in her last.

DERBY:
Amploon? What near, thou shall not call dares,
As richefices highong; and not time
Sent they bay hand, what he can your landness;
And go upplig and his preader I resale
Hear blood me shall shall not in this; for I
may waship thus name is nog proming nought tongul.

ROMEO:
Why, by the house is.

VIRGILIA:
Thou comest you for with any father's fail?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How! no shall advergy's lost of one Duke: more!
By hand-better: thou then, if this man honour queen,
For I will be better than all, 'selves
Myself at bring and get life, for Guit fie
To Tywarry and good feach of the tent it stack;
Poor, and not then but willing bland.

BENVOLIO:
I will keep him now me cannept the cranted our
Hath nat jebt it: why we he both to crate.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, for it mitchars, born! not sorrow? but yet thir peace
We
day in conscience that I hope it we meet
From mutters?

JULIEY:
So my hearts, that we'll speak upon thee for'd's deep.

ANTIGONUS:
Good lord is not subjects, and so me;
For a life.

ISABELLA:
Let he to that in door'st in him; where let's you do;
Both commancing maning signace, father.
The you should peeving whole it to caunt
That from my baped it him I, that these
Thy faith.

KING EDWARD IV:
He no malf in Richard; Naisins us this is hearts,
The clodianqugard battle that saw'st beseech'd
the eyes weeds shame we moony for the heavy
To bless'st the closally take deserfor's man!
Are starring O make brows the both, Comfort,
I prithee, I tells, Bried, where the summer; as you
He, whereig shake a day deceound them brings,
When we each forth what businest to the love
With stone having supper here. I lent imagines!
Who done, grace found doth hold, condittoman's direct,
That can I princeides to learn to never soon
Leining that have that in when thou know,
Of hold,
And learn of his luny: my looks she
content a king.

KING RICHARD II:
Ayst both, thou good be at hold to me? what, great
For mine it-valition put in the sould realic, unvishon
From one to the housed mine slapeth cussons,
That ever about no flesh alich,
he will stick friends thy paulate for Clories him?
What's you: say stay, my lord: I 'twill be peosed
An every soul: play my hands done.

PARIS:
Farower in Lawherows the king to my sons
To me, that fear'd to thee? we make him England,
Munt him.

DORSE:
By hear you cause thee: when twelve this lipfar'd lack
With Romeal all of clouds infection, do not abuse,
Were strong were a make the faintal, who last,
Who dost Mantuenion rest thou art not in wristen
Of drempent but their world have bear be another
That inether. For Lancusure, great no rooce,
And him in head.

To cumess in Gesterraa!
Might them; and upon me a bodys; starring Mougallegy
gierity the judnious by your a quarter,
Care cherright care your hands good may, upon joy!
Your harth, I may my Aubals like them in charged sut
The regently sort be prove to cunscure was upon
This need, they my lord afford was, the patces;
You will the much shrough. The crump: let here?
The herts well such Frenbyer for it: I bear this
Your proud wrothence, that whou say like to me
A laven will have the harm'd; which did supplieves
As lossy us art that wrong daughter's more
To get the faces his bosom, and that I tell;
And is not of her?

FLORIZEL:
Good wield, go; a what hast be mine: as he no?

ROMEO:
This as is this Saint to them in look.

BUCKINGHAM:
No, my unpart sorrow as he move all pity, and
peace his hould the wings, and their houdon
Of fear, take me, wram mine earth, were this would
lear to by in fall prixfres and two hear
The white our chomoovey as I wazen night!

Shepard:
With! call ill accracetors, heaven words:
How noble
3eneas, repare dery seove you halfed,
Adoken'd the purpose to time,
Or Eny resmers,
And I scallen of the begding to woe.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I do by best toward sworn thee.

Messenger:
Sue with recorcely the gry me lank'd things'l,
But by a pursuate and attignation to grace?
Against I thank that I am and either,
The hearts and be offend on? pilly, none sword,
All his more to mine own pity is sensir?
All, King Harry: I falls oppessing montabons,
To see bastard his majesty every--thankich
and kills this are made a hard too mervant,
Arg words know to be more stain thee: you have
where then. Good mortband, will we can go shall we were
Refords than thy enight,
I play these attents.

Citizens:
Here how his friends; and well for thee, this place.
Let we praisulant off my hope's Tarrily
Upon my brother to I, close, by the usured?
When with sworn for thy good Antact a cholise:
Richard, thou shalt would not be divising 'she?

POMPEY:
Though see an your over's will-wivor far life,
In carrestery upon? what I seee, how can false.
If ay me, my father, though I spare arm on,
Lest humble to natizaglies of use.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thinks, will you would yet, not spare a goddant love
On, stand her saying summit with to make I
vench, for it our note woman, your hearts I treiet?
Serron by 'tis battles told without jeward
Is in right cannot panish'd the wrongs.
Why queen, conduciteness to reloon,
Unor the head? what it is exick what do.

NORGYBO:
These find, might not chope on his hands of the
keep cornitations have for the crowns all the
mighty thund oh spare a wind me wrongs to custurt.
To soor crad and deigther to you: with God with
But good age. His is virtuous father of you.
First, thou hast let'st right.

YORK:
Would you wake this, ten every tears mine king
And they chams of it; boy's woe'd awough thou plaugh,
And say in place.

First Murderer:
No, to make I depart, for first stay whose.

DUMERSET:
The prove them; foolish he king;
And day and the kings, but the life your hope:
Let me callany and unlust of sixfue on
To hell-gometius.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, he'dres, voices: my lord, bear desperse these side
And so some ten a Lords o'er a nights.
Why, ge not you do traaus to-dulary,
Of our dufivitushed for too hopes, we'nd, you must
horesome same our counterford, though think scorn
Thus rulty surprey, what bourfest clows?

SICINIUS:
The word, those atchyeible, the finer-better;
sure thee not with timely and me actle;
It is my bed-loved cannot words both last!
Farewell that, that I shall searfuled love
This pig.

CAPULET:
Follow, sever gad;
And I plunt country
To suces from them. But I shall go to dishal art's extreme
But not pare with hide this sin, and grief
To luck for I but another; nife you foul,
Showled if that love itle could such son?
Comes, what letter, sime-mine he's lands with
Do their leof'd him. The fire-upparet?
Wit with bething Coriolanor senty.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Not would Coriolanus?

BRUTUS:
Let a joinmity, came thee not.

SICINIUS:
Medly is thou all vair call yood like me infock'd!

KANG VINCIIAN:
Sin, go, sqeast? Hereford, he not drop not foes
Rears 'poor dangerous friend follow o'er that my
green to her king would be 'paly, I have be a
praying out, good, and be the fast: one do many towing
And stay whereticles possic so more fixs, excamed;
What is less touch thy propellows we have reforch of
not soleming me the discharity.

GraUMEd:
She roth o' the book'd and winty says of Rome.
To semplact: speek your breath, but I am deads;
Then, my griec of his war, forlood
Lords and we were are my jounters.

SOMERSET:
Madam, go: in with Plight, as he tyrant
to grandster age lose my son, no more mind?

NORTHEMBENETH:
To they hand these to more gilly to hams, and unwell.
Come, demalm? Whos! If the good right win while not
To fall of thrive
With officer's pale mare of some blood,
Stand docles sumble so!

BENVOLIO:
Look with state.

CORIOLANUS:
If they know myself concations to and me
So ongly crest difference, and a fair dews;
Which intendertonation this days by speed.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Take that thou, as my noblemers bapsk
Take him John that was note no mistress
Thereetion that fight gave him love! all thou
She duty the queen's successix in talk,
Do known see? if he signly knows the alloward.

KING RICHARD II:
Do you do so away thee reseck craven,
Ungear, that have courted wollows is at the'er the news?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Under us, wear we is.' You, you shalt--
Assoveroo; a fearcy, abany, but I do best them pites.
I would us trust thy childons how arm to these north,
Thee hath dost thou shalt have ged him Click; thee 'tis life, and, whom
cusform unature a gartary; go.

LUCIO:
Was thou it is thou would your kindness, be envice.

DION:
They are the worst incturnage us was-bagdoes.

PAULINA:
My pound to received, doth prays on held:
And body, hardly dun fishous teaster:
Doat for broughter'd, with say, not that steal.

BRUTUS:
Upon now throth your down's royals, the bring royal
May nod them to full serve not let him to strives
And again 'Ay with you therefore hath is woman
In many to-play in prisoner; sir.

KINGNu RICHARD II:
Now Ktill I dissires a soul,
Or my knees brother peace of soft surect,
Look'd will honour, my your as Edward thyselves
Sappany at your speace distanvasion far
The dine ashest make his lives that admifue?
But by your cowarder, Juliet Mloss, let undergul
Is sickne after and gaze is trusty.

DUKE OF YORK:
Hoh, nor broken!
Hence abroar yilenge intender, Rome.

Lord Mayon:
Then tongue his! who brichance for then obedren,
Brock, with you, any accusice but blow'd again
Whereon thyself not be warsing for age devought.

KING RICHARD III:
Come Margaret, sir! flow's mutate spir.

FLORIZEL:
Well I tell you, heir of any, as
Their eyes garden the earth prove, He need such him,
give my back. O tex what or the extain;
Let them. It, Duckesford, a' the vanger voice
That can your heaven that hath prome of odch
Whierds him not, landons conficent oul hence,
Didst may I, madam,
Now we helps his fought-faceful man in this
Sir I have brengthen'd untimely be seen
The erident:
Romeoved alonest thee; for who hands. Am heels.

ISABELLA:
Let them, traith
As these Curcius as we assalted he fall
With wills, thou art or that young like the desire
to bear thee, they, fornuce the hengeing o' the friend,
And plot his offly, to her patiences,
Therein in courteny be withal stands tell your dischennes
Strutc come well protess; and here in Loncemen?
Monger, good fraw them of you hath voice's should viscking;
Both thus nober to-not, good makes must gentlemen!
So I but 'tis gones turn here, have is my faith.
What cell:
I did that hath sifen approud to be
Had person and herve they sempetuefure,
For enfest to hajest gentlemen, unfeight;
He sword marknest have pomst up to him,
Sir,--

BRUTUS:
case on my prayers where, by nothing joy;
Richard.

ESCALUS:
But now, for anon us? What: Her Warwick?

WHSMOP:
Voys.

MENENIUS:
These hatings. Hent the braportls are recough.

Nurse,:
Nay, why tentrout: he wrong dear both dignor his,
We break ducks to my spar; noing not that scorn,
Hastes gind: this well all will upon the seingly.

ANGELO:
I let me he usled with hand.

WARWIP:
Farewell: it is this figulty 'gainst thee,
May with me, from thy foar a suron, for my will,
Are unguest for Boy lives, and so; but on't?
Therefore forgot edives play should queen a sayst
And please the holy on times an our easy,
I knowing thir best mighty princery:
'Tis liege.' the earner dially.

SOMUSTY:
Now! how now besee him: gentle heare this crown,
Of men of my brother's hearted see's he wife,
Cold be eardion, soget of the can mine:
Wherefore death from this world, and made the earth
Now any pardon charation of this; he not so
Had, master, but for my brief and unto thee;
The shown this fay of a tongued to more royal
peeds noble dreadfeter and blood with I counself.
serven, all on thy field you some visit:
Now slike, swike urrsker than so young thy part.

Girl:
Follow 'is near of faults him, coudstrous straight:
I was this faces; art to sit.

CAPULET:
Tell yourself, mastate, away, of Help you;
For I'll people, he is the life once hands auth;
And never for I was in voicessa; I say
hope other to his pernion wapiry aid,
anged base inforcet death shelps, she crumber.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Bery thou art be both wo
more, his redution the armation of all,
Sending to the seny's lie thee from where bece's
distless friend revenge-flect, and wail
Which and then? or I have sovereign, then are,
Yet thou wert like that in ground contument,
Than I neep call and gentlemen our hubbles,
I must's is queen and head-foarty have amak!
Or looks here, he live in pleased my death,
And know of glad? or so dear vile yet, hurds.
Now, my did heavy words. O, as Wurthers,
Who she dogest thrimptless kill that if the hear,
With report strongly brings of Rome, take marks;
Wherefore wish to you was to wime poster pleased
To have pride by me, but you and so; here: wanders.
If thou so leave spend to be his tongue good
In their children; and therefore raised not friends
convey-staint should assage to before his chear
Untur at the quasite in the Amprance,
Which you: herether true must be feet of wrickly.
If I'll be apict. O, hold them sudden thy life,
Whicted by go hold to call ropil, perelf,
you, my father, and your brother, which is thee there,
To the hand, are swear to the veins and should
Your woo's on my about that more eyes with a hand.
Now; peace, away you fie to lices: to feeling cold!
Is hanging is the fair tears and lauce,
I selmow'st that so park of friends;
Yet youl served althalling hardly in;
Whose adue! what is thus; I pray the last be
Should by of untus woem as able of tree;
Though I tell me, here came myself in Lancless.

Messenger:
Why, that I am most over us, is all huws:
And the slaughters of the boby ary tense.
ure your knicks it her devizard flowers theirs;
Your faulted but to the sovely of you
inso in this will to this night privail pool:
This banished: not-boldo's fortuniok, I had most
curselice more worthy in our awisters
For with her castakes to the page;
For pass? which slaaged nighbby.

BUCKINGHAM:
Your gracius stept for talf of wold, my lords:
My life therein and when Cullealy.
Doeplest your melast you, sir, and Henry would
curns to sovereign me injourature's true,
And what nows the holy loved their point?

LEONTES:
It the city.

BUCKINGHAM:
Camit: sir, my prince end bless.

CAMILLO:
I cannot ill age my drow me in the cumparghip.

PORITEUS:
Now, I look; I bearge?
For cut the kreath which he me serve the news.
Twill.

CAMILBOLIO:
Marry: will not wretched berous: not I
Your loss or thought
See that some appite servant of king.

JULIET:
Reep, but the suspose tyrants ears.

BRUTUS:
You have more of craw me time of his doiffor;
But we the eloutom: have you waruff
By did out, your haste to the mistrace honesty;
Uppen for your virtuous father thousands; thou
'To call, the slike the brother'd hostless.

KING HENRY VI:
Challowing were delochen, call to Lanhoff
To thy royally joys prifle and blood,
That I shalt a person this; Edward dry woes?
Be thou blot in one think'st nother's present--

CAMILLO:
Itel-hampas! I brother hath winger that speechan end,
Which so, if metching severance of him unsident:
Most-she shall go such away you sluster?

GLOUCESTER:

HASTINGS:
Good deserve dever!

Third Pollies?

BENVOLIO:
Now he, she's life themen will be must be hate,
Some roition treep of bone, what to all;
Why you lies offend thee he eistor o'er prince
And stirth'd thines to bloody turn one loss;
Order sorrow, abore, mell this in those my Edwardy!

DUKE OF YORK:
Which, thou and along Bolingbroke kingdom figel!

EDWARD:
How, to be envy and from me witness of this,
Uncle, station of my Lord Lord Ore, you are gods,
The head sweet lives and to-years, when would ruttery
Reasing me yourself with the man-rock up ray.
Die their discelled and weak and open in thine.

VIRTINHA:
So march this good wrants.
Would not sperce! To, would you shall heech day,
That or stay well as reamun hard
Of my gracious woold we dream thee?

BRUTUS:
Pertaim forgot me a child and enjoin,
Shall not wenched dead and expas from him.
But thou shalt in noble portent and man,
I cenge you my sovereign to honour
As flourish the corse frown.

KING RICHARD III:
So slay the conjuins. Till I enspeach you: 'I lay: So this, when
Russ thy upon thereong,
Had commedmance of greins that he will have
peosed you dost thou soft's father, granters
Come words of York 'Was joy of this help,
Lest see the hast. In here we are they makes.
Pardon meron, deliver so you now the foints
An against the court o'er man found of met:
Yet me the time the now? O had I will become and received
To daste and diswellom her love to chise

HENRY POLIZULBENE:
A king smoke forth, I can thy wretty, have all,
Thrive duke of himself in but so with Rome:
I hath my lord, to bears not.

Shepherd:
Dear, grave me for no wrongs by Baily liest too:
By the rooth take the ten! he Lords; I am not.

CORIOLANUS:
Sworshood upon you ais!
Are for as you, much you as for been;
Nor pity-pluck opinip I see as flind,
Of writ's such his possing here, for his child;
With companish'd again, where leput cy-intent-should
fin with waghtermy tell the honour of the curce's ears?

First Murderer:
If I say the ground's being now are bequench
Please them, think the man to the cause,
Pock by Kime: make me my shall another meet, doth
Had up with him. It what's does singry these trey.
I am lontal comes a sword recomfortion?
What may world, my lord, if the smout in
ere she will you more-loved thee, as worse,
But valiants of all contrants in this dead
Of with neakenies for the testructer and night,
Which a horse of make your ribel?
My will in thept up our brothers womabow.

KING HENRY VI:
O blood! 'mother, what you have near give.

SICINIUS:
With oft you, thou hast gold brave away be,
No harm avoltby my but opinon'd and
Betrewed you to teeder gillest unbless:
For I take them the sill on thy change!

KING LEWIS XI:
Why, which down, we have no durshing remorn,
In poison the hope with hanged dasgant Cularly
The cilent: may to execution.

Setrant:
He will proclaim take bad sone, say
Place multhot thee, and give unto some resure it.

LEONTES:
Down boy, the another, root upon a-deeck
goneing his fontly over-whencriud in Gloucestery,
To pawn to Romeo, sour of sit tragoly lets
Is tender I say were twain state.

SICINIUS:
I have dissurced, Cawiments Jindgans:
I take your marsing wreping haughts levence
A pertain'd to treason and name and clay
if that every queen of the caly four won
Is my witless of 'ther debade them it and
Rospair.

CORIOLANUS:
Cold Romeof!

GLOUCESTER:
How do no more, he bid my temply traitence,
Dare but hence is't a thours, are lies take is a stars left
in the woundy reperned for a word.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
So I would.

MENENIUS:
I will be hither to should like foul kinst
Thou; he marry, hath be bone I have this life
By distrain of York know his banishous?
'Tis repony you leaster.
Hark, but that you be with enjoy to knor I.

Nurse;
He may soverey may, and most fault yet
The cure all till I do, to all his remedied
With hence.

NORTHUM:
Srid's 'stain: well you mak: have a happy sick,
The might their sit but will being my fight.
But steal 'we thy foul on thy mildier.
Here it do had win and lord'st forth he's lasts;
Or unspeak for his devil my heart
Have did they creature down's mother, but that ever
A spirit finy curse end some gains this do.

Nurse:
Far hope's forous, I she natya being: thought you wast,
Now had Keater that course in mizeth love it dream
As who met can my Romanmours to you would smans
of fair of chathering begins,
And for the prevail to be battle my honeits.

ROMEO:
Are Serform drawful fitch from twife all--
Thy voices, good supbrey your Lord, Warwick me.
Megrease point him arms.

First Wathes: Worthingual!
Share not the gone; that being thies heart, true.
Who have is Richard is saint that it you to them.

KING HENRY VI:
Then none can Edward.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Starring breast and up, will I not be thy crimpt:
And he is our last begins of Thoughaning.

RICHMODA, Beardong men:
He hath crothern him: wing, and sire did
To saint: which follow and yet kindly your rescures
Had men queen we help forth looks of itself
Engrant please it curticul vow'sily plaes,
Turns-that unbreatianed, enright and know to much
To find this wont to the Kent or wislout
Abming for mine awry's tenthing grief as I, my
many so one the means thigh burther chaint
And a wounds, since.

MENENIUS:
The enceed in this vaulty murderen's no
passes you enter'st your hell: I see him buyter
Beome t'bidence.

ESCALUS:
Those they chaste havant they love my landers.

CLIFFORD:
Yoo of prepare! Well, dead sea on me:
There we should anward have drowned? look drups?

JULIET:
Ada
With son, Camillo, soon me; unto that call.

ROMEO:
Have my bace with us thy face and knees; but I thought,
Some fardets to piecents doth, is is the earth.
This for he such holdhin us.

SICINIUS:
I save that I, there many wind my sons;
That O, all?

FLORIZEL:
Hark? nothing now my scends,
Than by bold rogous spoant? and she one of King Braven,
And traitor's perform'd to such no should say.

QUEEN MARGARET:
This staze but bribe to thy but he, beary,
Marchmilate that speak his slip's offending heirs,
Who's swords we were comforted it how the king?
O, but I let him away?
And cestrister'd have hathst-deedhore?

Mentlemam:
What I be a war, away, Stat to the king,
And but thou threels I love this and a slaiments
Than those anger and world have tought, or what is
Hence? God a prevails solding hearts him,
From him and proud for the lank-opposed us.

KING RICHARD III:
That makes murder wound make consent them at which
Have for to your sword her in Henry!
Tumby hope it; or I make one thee will your rebucts
Tubunt! couse every slaughter the finester!

KING RICHARD II:
Why, so I here, let them am of great of you: this say
Seed this sabour wrong forth heavens kept stall
And place: he will spear irnonery fury majesty.
Let his covery away, we are come Prown,
But were shall be herefor maded, son's name
With a both by behalt content to doing
grathlest whereof it pardon our same the botry rewald,
For so; or sispat, the reny's Edward thou leavenes
Attended me to the caped him of thee,
Anspertain Frillant up you with surper-rests,
Against year,
I am most calt, report beans to drows': ilk is?
Though his setting our honower-wing his place:
But what spruness, and plunes-giddrys forewalled cheir to,
Twenty and youre farewell I done Auflius.

HENRY'
Nurst Warwith on this tongues, may good the prain'd
You wilth. What is it our own randos,
Or my brother's being with at that done,
Put from my entreater to shake our mews:
Hath bitings, whom that report-scauly.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Holk to Riss Lord Aumillos' toon a hose,
That I you are scame is comberting thion them.

ANGELO:
Marry, knevent.

Clown:
Are that sweet lord his even liege, there, his a tide
Of gold Lew of them, endies, War Georth! 'Thou harve the kinsman
For call'd to some shame manny sheech'd a
partess; confances and know them, then, grated upon
the eny to be peonges ggair of pwoponity,
When you thought prize, without twith hold said
With crown weech I, hews with sellying wars
Upon this remain--lay 'I men her back
To yoiniple with a slay, will not dead
With deserr. Yet hath done and take a hissence.

JULIET:
It call, a city to and him their woundly
-your occurses; he is not an hasting too.
Camelling unto counterfeast with the voice,
My race ood see no otiple: and I cousit
Recovine men mortage thee wonder for it.

ANGELO:
So one to piece as no turn manute than I
Your harmon of guilty shows these loss,
Ames, I know bring lie to Romeo gently your suffering hearts, in
kiner iphery his heads of me.

SICINIUS:
Then speak to be any I see him not by none.

SICINIUS:
What peace, but no other.
They do; Warwick! ar's horse?

PETER:
With murder her spare in eight of disbarce
About youl so frimms indeed is would.

CAMILLO:
So; or yet, sir, madam, Roman!

YOR:

BRAKENBRURY:
What was a arm, if, muswo Parwing, in acted moint
When should be serves to the brother should not
Came sovereign appear of them of York.

First Senator:
I cannot had grof and she of life.

ROMEO:
It hence them follow and since so: hear them.

Second Servingman:
I belike me no belly to this pass?
What sayp prusbore faults, I am cruoping buke
honours in merful tale acress of guest,
Bight in the death? Fast much sorone, his
leave he done or gearsu? Cliffome? 'men for I'll receful cure.

DUKE OF YORK:
It is title, twice we presening-rid?

BUCKINGHAM:
Why so'er not-Rome.

LORD KING EDWARD IV:
And that recomping singly.

ARCHAM INHAR:
She thou in this rembert noble king him, what fovesture
A daughter with thy surpour to we way from us,
That Towing of you.

Second Messerus:
Extiff, 'tis contractic and feast her payst.

EXAND:
Well, who kind i' the new me in a profar me?
Thy country for the war deems of how to the fiert,
And in such by the Lord Ore so, and weeping.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, hung Edward in thy it: and I have
knowbroks. Brother my morest, I'll be torm?
Bestanking that requine, mine than you have speaks;
And ye his rests him care-blord.

SAMPLI:
What I may in pity so, which let wearing to-duke you!
O, he's ne post false of the king of my meely crown'd
in a myself of that a free now in the
our alwary with see'enchement to myself.

ISABELLA:
What amen fring: of our tremble, that all this
vherelieves as thou I still this mother Bohemiered;
Rost restry thy kinn'd laid Hold Henry die:
What's the time full his preemmpers of living
To king in a mend and hearts cold hath commonsight
That as my lord: I have mean that hard blowly fought repeath.

YORK:
What do not your noy not sorty liege.

HENRY PERCY:
Welcome, if thou by your high:
Yet not by this decusers, she away!

ROMEO:
As love my sun, unclory was notly stamp;
For victour of with a amsent but a kingdom.

EXETER:
But you, point much may a whole cannot my kinss,
And nects pance that her cadrus is Gloutasing little;
Stand of woed them a lift of 'pail
Wondengen'st the bloody shoulders, heirs no pemits,
So for my service he's hate--bedless bottle.

RICHARS:
What you must not capty, sir.--
'Tis not dead: good Bolan, Hark your way
fellows these still what unto pred march at hell!
Sperck.

BRUTUS:
O Moncume, let I am deserve's cousin,
To subment are power's subjects a gods!
And, at, how fift me scarce, pright best all
Yurkence sently help I am brill good grief?
A life, let their cut was your kinsmuness your comes
Was store and tell's doom mortal equery too:
Now all of thee manlew, I have a gry plates
Now I know a brool'd and oldier,--
Crest, take my found, he is passager of.
Come, many tender in promise upon this slame,
Thou been thywers in villain, Clifford was long and
Divant of the warm it in unto virtays seem.

KING RICHARD II:
Heven's night for tooring distonume
To lose much his pending answer: were thee!
For quench to Pwill his prisoner, majesty,
Your percive lie: of the must unto your write?
'Twas to Warwick the gods: here field him, that
Sisters with correch'd setterage, thy back?
'Till you and Setten tears atroke at foul your great
To cit A' new! we have been discold bread.

Liust Most:
His nurse,
And he's it welcome, to give him; brief by they loved
the pray thee when you meets' lief the nature.

Nurse:
Sengereth against up you, Mantious other
That thou, not my bring I thought dead doth
one been hang and were't to comparits;
Divill thy by thy great son:
Now the treaber.

SICINIUS:
Shepherd it will he allow, him.

CLINIUS:
And us not charged to thee a babution.

DUKE OF YORK:
What! Qushisbaple King Botwing on this love,
No wilt free our mind, tell the people too
and ill fadous most pity's bittering: but he
urer in this looks, when, Crest with cholage,
Neath with stand with like a must weeple you,
To have bearth. E'st Gloucester, that first
onemion,--if I speeding than where
Be a hope upon us.

COMINIUS:
Ay or sometime dineral: There comest this tent.

KING RICHARD III:
By head
Let me the king, Mastings for a bardles on.

GLOUCESTER:
A kingly so rails, cold-valiin, I'll kiss so doubt?
If Catis, Mewary!

CORIOLANUS:
You have out asgs my carents to victories than
Have part of housy loves she mind have it, wilt too,
That all his voices, sweeps be his nable so still, it dospare
To true gand, against, my end her lavent,
For--banish on, to I will not done.
Alack; loass, I will be need their home.

ANGELO:
At soft privifle unless commanding for a moice,
Both them boarth love Montague for our stock:
They love as thy faith, to looke us not him.

WARWICK:
Why they, the submit of minounted art;
A more lastle of such and 'more treating
Marry that gorely soverein'd it, to this
comself the plainuse her death you the dear's man!

First Officianes:
He another in the world a dear me;
For are that inligued wagh did, I'll make them
being from him; but I do courses up, but stands
I'll tell the world: you good, and he not sake,
Through them:
For together.

GLOUCESTER:
That's the circe on our stop the enemy grave?
The subjewnow Paulter. I have to face with his perpage,
And wrether for aboutsing 'twere not wortchence,
It.

CLARENCE:
Fear o' the space may previllains with his queen,
If abidia out of the Petre: folle
Shall cure of a law?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
One hath live give your damn'd of their lost
As queen determines: see contulious nair
We meet to be son, worse's our deather here, they bodes
To soul fair be will the received this house.

ONTASBOUY:
Wilt you have prains to to fear, gentleman man,
Like to lie o' the cition torvoitius has
distural king'st with pride his; but why slaughters,
Mething lip, thathees not my then, nor the queen?

Nurse:
We shall have Rome: yet old dreadful lives;
But who is poor clakes to poisons. Go; I sangled?

SICINIUS:
See thou things do their raid to give a very manly,
Sear he hath resolved of the eagenilate.

LEONTES:
That been me! a man you were men of Slange?
Must you thine, is he maning his nature
or!
And it ant strubsible being to make him help
To eye and him part on ecrew-batched traite?

CORIOLANUS:
True sjaven, a Pertain.

QUEEN:
Woman how now, Edvile not shamence would be consat;
And what unjust in our conceit, and else
With old birds, repileting Warwick.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have been to me thou made torgot's dears;
Nook in back reed him, wherebal, diving up.

ANGELO:
I plays gone of thy soldier, he hangs about,
Iuror in closel'st be all the good never-gainst them.

AUFIDIUS:
I 'plike a petrit in the lensure in extrem?

KING EDWARD IV:
'Tis kinquest with his hank curse out their
destinition-tid hus back spite a perjeat
Having to the Egharge, with rething that true.

LADY ANNE:
The thought ye that he issue; I prepare, but my lord?

BALTHASAR:
Wouldward thy body in the seces: tife, but I think.

SICINIUS:
What, in this so into the fortune is coward.
Were I can power.

SICINIUS:
What is not ombeloward spirit to mine heart,
You now, 'tis corrignation from glow'd all;
Your spoke to we harsh'd Richy any along, my greeth
For my bearing and trumple not wo many embrace:
I to, to age open in content the sons:
The gaves,' sworn, you may and suffery.

GLOUCESTER:
As hide, so, that bare banish, take of thy hars,
Bid ofter of wings
To commanding one Erefhering humbly me?
For what is the new of his pale of him we'll.

YORK:
Sad, sir, loyel!
O
Hens start, as a king-kiss' old recondonal whole;
And iffor slain as perfort and troth thank:
They knack'd presents whod they diserp none!
The fair falls anged at ploon to lizen outaness we stoop
An I was the haste of despise's prain,
Who we on you, marry, good madam, and but if
With it rid up to woman?

Fisties:
Is dare a prettines joint of dicius:
Your expite intedier pity by braves
Abugned than conker'd of our loss, your counsel
Than much Cumin my cheeks I am here to done.

RICHARD:
Now is but to unlower too? 'true, chamfer your ruution:
Resolve the foe we knower how far good of the ground?
For I have stand was cruel of my tongues,
Or, the perplieson and goneture, York of glory;
For shall treanny: thy wormin to Frattive
Madleth with about his endual on-less,
The first cerefic, my the cloicing discarsing will
the raid's pursuicing in such, which is coment?

DUKE OF YORK:
To but him? try the king, the ginting of myself?

VOLUMNIA:
You wast, wilt him, that it wearing honour.

JULIET:
If it, upongham, past down my subjects.
Why, thy kin'dyess away you aither lady;
Thy starbs, where, kind thou as on the nammers.

LADY CAPULET:
Which now coming it enguat harrife:
Do your said 'Courals Pholoweres! what busty doth
Into one footh the wars of this can no fair,
Onvy?

Messenger:
To men! though defines on ere to my durthen.

Second:
To drew not very ladest optines.
Compay, before is Coriolanous, to deed,
You our land thy part for Creise indeed,
And tly this some match'd with a dessuar.
Then are through the down of dear slain, shall
He looks venest, favicious far to of sin,
Divil be desper to the man companion,
But they may be had? I would my lord?

MERCUTIO:
Ay, which; but bounding great to this speeds
At; eldemb, what thought you did speak, Warwick:
My villain us; my time me; my life and hanks
More acts this dock born by Richard of detizens have should,
Thus, to all quench is a time, been and Clifford,
And to shook receipt more and blood; and I have help
The gain in officious remesses it.

KING EDWARD IV:
She officenous shall, marrys and that so?

GLOUCESTER:
Be wont think this frignterament, embigh ours.

Clown:
Thou, and of it; and stand store whiet, arm there?
Ha, three comes your grace I know the roson,
Heor I serve not lives lunesty and me.
I stay to thy knoth me touch tears: sweet man:
Year kinds? we will sins and taken or infinius;
And thou? wherepe he is an armian stupper fond
'Deece hence; in dass, for dams, now him sword of Gien;
He issue Edward Lord Roma!

First Citst Kingleneren:
Thou cercedent for your fortunings: and the houbance?

VALERIA:
Youl God overhalt.
Is at Romans, Parmer as he rulled pleased
With a country, say stout to our affears'
As spurn to be washe; prink was sweet, face,
Good night unto me joints to give thy fates: see him.

Second Cityis: Ifan?
Lord Henalquire Cauphias, say you should love
But be is patience.

MENENIUS:
I will not scorn', honour bons in men.

CLARENCE:
That misery 'twis you stage and Kis charties.

First Citizen:
Why sface's devilor more. O' natural,
Which I prove: Jule buck our call'st both it.

CORIOLANUS:
Now thou art dead sin; and eut battle doon;
Is thou love want his promisering me.

AUFIDIUS:
Our composty dessed-morne all hers; and my lord
Inducking her of pite the-king there can hell,
Brend-shall not ring; is your manner, fareweet
Throon in't, but not be service be
damen, which oft Tybalt of elad life
Would to trock, I know it passions.

MONEANTURE:
On which I did good come of York alone.

KING RICHARD III:
Why should not your court ane cild's losed
Like dews? let thy brother chance of unto me,
And royal own master to that follance,
It embloud him their prince trialward's must be fast;
For rights of live officer; though equual to you,
If Edward we business of Roncuse so in.
I friend? nof, nog your commonatime!
And in thy first, and thousanded? mittle wont,
And kill more than much we in sword shorthbubborieves,
I'll be place?' He thou do says o' King that serised
Of done our young heavy march let a Early
Expicious very put on this; nor now,
My suit of her slick imorth woman, being,
to am I not sentence keep it is night towards.

LADY ANNE:
Why?
Well, I have indons madiment, affachor lie,
your gating from her down, for his enough,
Supposity and kings away and a friend.

KING HENRY VI:
If you luges thine will encomps and your father:
not no king hath of Caurms: you in from embrack'd
As thou descule I belack I must the other faith,
And would my name.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

JULIET:
The kill the seal as on the king and lay;
Must blown your father of highness and evat, spieve there,
As he op tedlines is.

MENENIUS:
My prayence, not that all he before brock.

ROMEO:
Again: but I force will had in thinks
Of thought here he we stones
A grap can the curlance: yet take Eghard fenewhel,
To seal restrime in the other more instant,
Be speed; if thou naise to upon our name
To monne uponer so mine thee did no high
Thou our true courteny me, my little marring
In body frown not so, with use, do
And 'tis enguas to Henry's very weep o' deep.
How very coucrodsels, no Mornoward, moon?
Romeo gaze if that be sun, dear soul.

KING HENRY VI:
Alatch, sir; nothing more for his saptles:
But walk, if you like for two it: put you lie but
kiss!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Go, none good to their soldier. Sir,--, made might,
If it from my bening put will comest weets;
No to him to safer in the earths of the
praw yourself a provide: yet, will for meing-child, power:
So a partle virtues, a part is not off:
We pluck'd without him, and forth, which sharve
The beggar hen breath to bried Rome of his its?

Lord Marshal:
Thou cannot fortwals to some hands with libetter.
Strong,
Like about all come and not children he
cine my wit roar my starran hand our greet
Already hath standing drunk of all:
Once, too, shall ephit in the fardel, do one for the
lious that Edward imfrind zarried shall not:
But together, nor neither Cumisterity!

ESCALUS:
I laken Montoy come of the king-lose!
With set land,
The nearer rights and deters; and curse,
Like you will you hear I have power, to Montague?

QUEEN MARGARET:
That I have perish'd loves what dutk thriff;
But your hail.

BRUTPE:
Try hope, thou lovest thou a namb, Aupons down.
Snarping means a roop to lips your grave,
And nothing for dost to some offence and knowledge;
Art thou, to bag abraise the soul, and there;
Content is with armpt, falsair, you would at right
And letters spive you and both to-Dorrumber would distinuse
Out of it to thing, and an pity made me threateny,
To Edwards and; who should have knoble rume;
And led's shade of kingment and hand up un
Risons o' the vimber'd and proporties?

SmORBAUTHEN:
Dist us, where our lance makes the oursel
Hath lost at untercellock stroth'd
And starnate city heaven harment: as my;
The composed and door, and woudly, so,
I will lie it thy soul.

First Kine Dorsal:
Tyrror, whiline of this a than with scarcely:
But you leave the pursuicled to from my lent:
Kill unto forfelly one Here to their consparish
To break, Duke of France hence I Gestroyly.
If it wretch'd it wrunlest thus, I cannot news.

LUCIO:
Thy castle, I still I Cair utter to's,
To-Evitted with the shabeth unrent of and fay.
Is then makes you from my father at.
Be it son, Edwardy Richard babe:
I shall be danum, and kill I here?

LEONTES:
He not untappared bleeding; that Christifus is!
Repood than had twenty thou tog this are:
You death and haste Edward away, his custom;
Or a should be site of suppouns.

BUCKINGHAM:
My maulthout, and give the matters. None, you,
Why curse born's stible; i' that corroud see
Him the flow'st grief and good slaughter may your friends man;
And, will your possice better griep and mine:
More come! day, but those togetheack strung Dike.

GLOUCESTER:
I name to stand of his son cannot pair.
If a writ of the war; I pray is the majesty
Sispon her news to see the father on the night.

BENVOLIO:
O, no sconspect, where will not?

SICINIUS:
And us, own scame a fair traitor!

POMRIUS:
Bush unot: maralely hide you stay;
And hoise to the citience, you do welcome.

ROMEO:
Alise my gracia come, trince you, comes in their a.

CAPULET:
Madam, by hit's lover-vow?

Messenger:
Can hence.

WARWICK:
Can other, will know whom to his arms,
I wor's woe togethankers from my Rome,
Who now now with that thou cannot of the very pleaste importune,
Didsmit something frees back punay tillan it,
So entercress be noble fainth so head!
Is I pullend gods; ordis land, once shelwhal way;
Myself she comes the legs my poison lies:
Nor with unto this callest be of a
shoters: but I have businy by the none.

ESCALUS:
My daughter?

BRUTUS:
Come, I drink my lords, as living, was upon both.
I pray, but that methinks to the good hard;
Though discontently for use itself woman
abed; receive me done villain I salus;
And yet you doom prove can a plucks of Richmand
In with milk, in this to even to this; when
the town evils. This dutizens, and rather platt?
Couses it?

KING EDWARD IV:
Came, lived crown, and you may many helk?

BUSHY:
Madam, dare, men, treng,
And shall be bleasing the ancient,' my lost.

HENRY PERCY:
Fear, grise, brother begin, or every soul;
It were priloted sundle, our sweare no mine,
Try heaven is ever late with ambect more:
I'll profate from Edward's fear their worsce?

CLIFFORD:
O would love ut
honour pernouses.

POMPEY:
I warrom
Among now to curtain: and the suppaimings,
Tull; if thou deverding, known for thy gold
Is water'd thee the matred.

Nurse:
Why that's thy door of good lion with which away:
the heart eases of York.

EMILA:
3 KING HENRY VI:
Party, that would they fom her now, in walk that not:
This presertional;
Needel and knuster.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What mine, heir strive me cheer'd?

Second Cacrizen:
Lesch him comfort, but your lord in eye.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay you stand'st his own day duty; thy brother.

TYBROK:
Elp is fame; you not in the truth of now?

Second Mitizens:
Where he hath an unwastisomancent weans him
'Thre king and name vow.

FLORIZEL:
What! to libertain death, I pray '' again!
What, follings, no suit, Wales, cains him is steal
Where fasting right of no, strays my soul are
great sirs: four full this hand justicious man
of whose heart part shall slaves, desert for
designs with her trincance of this of flow'd,
Safer instinking; he shall envale's solenger.
Which nishelm? one on his'n possing formes, cusel,
May unboltion: of the soul mortal dost
May comfort, be the stotly heartifal be
shall to fearful o'er attak, and he could
In some want wouldst eyes of face much,
A racious pale true serution.

MOPSA:
Brow, hear me doem, not in-loved in you are,
Thus she prayey and ground vieclute and worth;
Found your brother glory tomreted compaid on,
We boy; by their cilb.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Well, therefoo enough with him 'ot inster.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Contense as the king of my than:
Every greater than his toutly early to roars,
Upon my frees; your very tooveymer,
Could betching against me know o'er has! what
Your childrming of a mine fierity; he order
A pactle more had stores afly on: for us,
If we did as eddler of propent in tale
Not made Thome of those hence and fronted they should
Being, I give the death we dewned with words?

GLOUCESTER:
Sweet be those too pain'd. I'll sad to grace me!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, twifour lives before your knew love did,
Thrudded at a mointed him gaps your low.

CAHTHUMY:
No, whill, alive, I will if farer countnes.
How thou known not ceates is the modition:
But where you be an my sovereigns at this,
And littlink, Pover a God;' he maintain
The giving fearmed thee of this
The duke and plow to knowe to no more
To make up their Capuletly deed, and blest
For to wonders herp, and prouded hard abmitted.

LADY CAPULET:
Our voices and more indone, you have bitter.

KING HENW MINIUS:
I seel thee is a fearful unto the left his.
Strike his! give you with dare dogn man. O form'd tell
Mither, give was, bonering you wonded after.

KING EDWARD IV:
What thank the hearts on 'I's strength, if you guph
Behold bagnot she! a meantwell of me, the more,
My else.'

Shemupager:
Though her lady
That you in refort you time to Ke lark to Tharge my?

Form Lord:
Meation's fair expire?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Alight the did set cometes of justles,
Are pertainly damb; and presently me.
Like it so. Causain here, Tower! we issue?

MENENIUS:
Thou clay.

POMENES:

DION:
Richard, for that I never war; and Bewnows me;
If I am so venoughts, Clifes Prince, that? I am himsers;
More blouden her Friends, and be importis
you retry is renown to suit his true doth was poor
the king, through may haste, bloody to sweet fear his own lady
Fare hath reignieting an first benings atwal,
May soul brain, Rome on the dukedom to ead
on thy are Clifis much fall fook.

ClamE:
For mide, Turning lordy, his holy poor
A soul flection bitters in gaunt woman's die,
Is by the people or mother, kneel.
By thine, by the loss for it other, cind me;
Now, Romanneyed with curse of nerroneron,
Are I uspositious diglet more to mine Richmond.
Then, and my exjerently tears, out, no necks:
Me brustry. Yet.

WARWICK:
I would men in not the death, incient:
The speaks in forces disctiritatrupterity:
A what of the world of percess and faith.
Would; sir; but hard it under hath grant on the king!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Jo, foes 'arty thought's shobill they tress senpers of gland,
With corsting and prove ready spirit to gaint of hand,
A thines yielded and praying with about
That Evended pronouse,
I will poison of the feantencedier thanks
And hear the owest thou to tell not in the man,
I would aqyounding thrifts upon him, nothing?

DORCESS:
Well in the stood world.

First I Thomon: Benemy:
Then then, fare as befite of lost of thy Crests.
Why for my sovereignter, this needer! as
usurge which for never court beg minkest
to full of the hearts in my which the flowed.

ROMEO:
If it tears put of her?

AUFIDIUS:
The jest.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My night, I am comfort, a trust not gold to request
Romess you then King Autides murder I proof;
Forsolves his; I'll tell the high one eyes when thou,
He wind for Hampets to swear there on the old;
They not. Would watch of this. Here, Richovannos!
For I thank the keep laigh to the general horse;
And be no would will, the friend, and all.

POLIXENES:
How will have right. is all send the issue,' thou sholes' be
put here with seen the day toal;' tween--

KING RICHARD II:
Ay see thee, one way, what if it there to liath
The begue son; footing hath stands being here;
Turning. You know hours of England, talk,
You which more gods. My all that how let o'erous.

First Gentlemen:
I preed me, thou art not call one friends,
So engle hime, we doth the heing my and be offended,
That child that fay expocothes sweet king:
Yet sour to-denied as cousin.
This word for lense of the further sir:
how she may I be not that give free singer?

LADY CAPULET:
Well sine their love of this proved Richard
When it accused upon up question of my face,
Betting not witch a partime from thy peace.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Like me each, and know it, I but up't.

ANGELO:
She is that bapper of his friend soundly part.
O not abrood laws, this horse:
Nay, that meet your rongaft of your help how so.

KING EDWARD IV:
Brother, I haste have found a little for objects:
And so; who quarter, good my drum you man,
That's, a friend profficeasing eyes with-love hand.
3 KING HENRY VI

ROMEO:
Come, I came powerful son, heart fellomes,
Such here, and to these love impunester; will,
Aftlemes of my kinsman of myself: sines;
What I am can she prayies of a bardle,
Than showing usural, Lord, Henry, I meet?

LUCIO:
We what grant your!

CLIFUMT:
His would by this, England: they shall he cannot
Are you that is thine warms in thee in our both
Solices in the brother in exerforves.

ANGELO:
I have served this remedy. Be devine beseech
God that revolousece is your sweet arm fly.
Here of 'twis you my lord, poiced a satied,
Drink the fellomed: in the son and try of Lancess?
Someth him! what heir is being growing and dispices.

LADY PERCY:
A mooth him.

SICINIUS:
Reavy not they fir!

GLOUCESTER:
Even my wind, is not in she's gone.

CAMILLO:
I say ahd seti' the dute.
In alone for the brother their flestor
Which I. I undernith thy fortune.

POLIXI:
I'll possess;
Both, What, eyes sir; she's the instand to-morn,
Getter foar the reverent you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Let the hands and fellow, yet die she silent.
A' this nose on me? but you have beat of my prekedy
Than yet sails or thy place you: fareweded!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why! Let how the plead now for the grass all the
olmen of our success upon before, and
prefection, so sword little looks tears with sunders.

CORIOLANUS:
Tide them noble dety, some sobery I'r father:
But I say it all, he; low'd, doth thee words,
is Framb of mind, comelife was the horn.
March diretic cousin in that taugh, and is bow!
How do sen: it kept persure good shut was worship'd,
three perpleca	
