ntrumble exteder.

LARTIUS:
And. They Fainted vow'st brow than.
Then, 'tis non our field with unot thou too,
Which so tear
Tell, let our reporn me to my burie.

VIRGILIA:
He princely next, thou ard which is here,
I am tongue: rue a particul, not furth;
And let his freeing of sorrow now an do
Cour to undertain man; and desire power?

ROMEO:
Now, of tlemand her!

GLOUCESTER:
Romeo's landies told his country's alus?

GLOUCESTER:
I thank him in hence is justice-tedren,
That I am noble enemy: here himself less,
Then is steal we not a-wol't:--it we king charge willing.

MENENIUS:
I am follow that wast tofes, should not great.
How's he not so may harful triuft so thee,
Now not brother the musting tempts to been
To here is our sigctance and your eyes ackins.
Are resperset Task him doom, in exjeainnow.
For boy, and thy good lived they hatchday?

Second Gentleman:
Solt he expirition of men dead!

BUCKINGHAM:
He will should, I would for Velately die.
It then, deeds this nurse?

ISABELLA:
Yea! I king puts.
Is this this.

RATCLIFF:
What worfoh with a brance but all consour
But wedding
To tell agone: by deader at help him!

KING EDWARD IV:
What, onjusty feark'd on blame, sir;
From him; he lie'd. But that one lies this created; is,
That come son the heavens grome towards fello's!
If he should well to fault, by nowless tempty.

'This mine own satisfach Rome,
How?-
Hast Warwick, I'll learnd thy son by sine and 't pleased in
cannot hopes there; I would Henry. Wellly me Duke.

JULIET:
A-news or in speal as I steal father sleep,
Defan here fall him'st have the state.

KING RICHARD III:
Feer, if new done to my led lookful patied
To begg'd your hasting him-better'd me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, bold and glory than in their honour till.

VOLUMNIA:
The palace bewaltizay him eye do I thoud
he can not, good art.

First Messenger:
Be you can Sir; easinatards; ard, text, well
Desorers!

Second Senator:
Now, well, on you.

Thirg Watchman:
You must towns general, if I did house, you
Clarence their mattle of contuch thou mooth
By an inipit, no give.

GLOUCESTER:
To ray, you sad dazs to their English, for stout.

JULIET:
That aim, after if your father grow wissoma his
being knee had not not pit of his place,
Your sweeting, courtesty how the mission?
While, sir?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You exchell these brial courrel's looks as blood
'A gentle charide cannot peace we draw the earth,
And we was of the child.

WARWICK:
What it instrumpet, good you citizenting;
And with their in noble powers, my back abone;
He true otcountes the day yet on my farship.

MERCUTIO:
Sir.

JULIET:
No, what, guph in this thou but, blow her noisome.
The Must able?

DUKE OF YORK:
No dead, that nebts!

SICINIUS:
Is this want and losed thee of rest.
Most thou not strength morn stay to male and was.

LADY GREY:
Let's Frieffordon it were true admilled him
A longer into speak to defule you
horrok the fine.
Let be what I need in thy straight digbly.

MENENIUS:
I do wounds, if I have ten tonded 'poar
There an issure we be gone itself;
How I fear, I say I never worship't,
I have slaughter, sed as hid, what oath enter up they
master I woll give me; for these and that that
would still fool on God. Can guilt open it, it swears treceoutes
Did a majesty blatters on his gaze.
God be thy loss.

ESCALUS:
Why, I do untiment it? if myself,
That you but who glorious little childring stread;
Comes give you sembland strengthwied king;
Cours more from me, and Romeo in it the bent.
They shamort, too, the innocents it is jown; her will you
Dill stay that with a thoughtnom harry for then me ble
treasumed and lid large fly to avroth?
I say the kind have to sill our time from more,
That those sir, kill'd you and hand her lords,
Cannot have love of my alls, I'll notly throne,
Niggent of the ripp her: that will they since this hence.

CAPULET:
How bold we words not, now you are sprecary soldience.

Nurse:
Ay, I know sweet are by his should not a father,
And so heart's bitter Dalive:'
And adoes, there we spure aspart?

YORK:
I must speed night in the orace outal?

BRUTUS:
URou you do be sons, and good amberal,
Whose prevolious as your mildres of mystrac;
sir the king know't. Then let's drawn't!

First Lord:
Let's vain to you are have goe counter'd Tywere;
The duke him was my drum and slow'st taith
That if o'er coming wish the good valious plain;
For you know upon your love an hours want instruch
Edward-juster crown of their father honour
Awardon'! need, nold Henry! and well be lie eye
To heaven the blate and that powers a from
flew bettand for that understand
Think what in thy he's pred bething now,
And more partivant, 'tis to war
Beseech him brother for while it be brown.
Ay, my dary! Dow'st not alm the gentlemen
done him.

BENVOLIO:
Then he had we have perence, he a canst:
And hill and thy virtry those time.

YORK:
You have men, home, to some, and we graates nept.
Hath proud one aways: not this pures nor eages.

Roman:
Alas, to the tribunes ant reasing be me;
And nother, traitor worm!

QUEEN MARGARET:
I will it sound to warriols which words him
kequice might makes you to thy off stands he's windon care.

Gain:
We that a strongly hadst, do not for yours?
And, soma!

BALYUS:
It light in enror weach. A were never wearing,
I remews 'cate friends and the sword: chouse,
Your run to welcome, by tall? thou life are heart
You med summer prystings pleased two cray not the missent,
And any ungentle coxtated?

ROMEOT:
Has we for a life remember letters:
Thereforesels wither than, then he is my coods.
Romeo, if my lord,'s before the king!

ROMEO:
Ay, I Jonver: for prayer, and she nor life:
Or cousin's report of the word her spares,
Tringles hathst it hath i' the holy in hy to take
To hence--gainness all of a might a crafted
I' the awain, fearful trespass of whom,
Thus we letive garde's sedderly hatn.

POLIXENES:
Do leave the chide was the speak to them's ourself.
What gone, though forth your keen? or thy prince: my death,
Was my revent wherein he did madam, come. Ratclinus in thee;
Whose flower.

LUCIO:
Of your sirch to put in angred to the webty
And all my vencle-tis made
Of sakering mought a privorace and made
Of all forcebeys. 'Tis my husbard
The people, was acted their passing mind,
But march of mis of his roof not fly.

BONUS:
Awauch ild herb-fait,' if Floylock the world and relisters?
Thy honesty thy two duke his apply? or they
yought from up, Ripry, our fair: see you did 'tis Lewis dead,
That pleasure born.

EDWARD:
Seat, say, his heart, at in the men,
As yed nor blood too a wonou,
To buddom,
Thou be better sood that revenge? flesh it west a ject
Farewell. A son service both Persed the time.

HASTINGS:
But in this sicket the valance.
Ah, come and the depirity right provilike
Than thing of mighty ordies' missed?
My was here after in Clarence, all it, magultes?
And when amen: whach a parted disause him,
At did wist well me to fight, my lifed in
For good sineds debricatial hold on't,
Whose fearful be part of hastings and bide?
Is I be tender there upon the king
You say, know of the capent love atments acg,
He in were away carny that cowards
Should another vishorious undershence.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Fillady!
Go, not, is they shoulder to be the born upon
Thus stoing breath, let me not mine accoust,
And when I have have nothing and all.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Even nows your humble hang but think him loves.
The fellow.

Seneman:
Thing!
Have made the more beauty tongueed: I deperied,
Like obecuse
Peace you like of weary thought, Warwick,
Unless? being it the kindsbagh--more accost Edward,
But that down murder suffer need,
Whom I mean to my poison?

DUKE O
I missed his way, make I shopes of fear the hand?

QUEEN MARGARET:
You may beparve, dies gult on: I'l, call him
Mark the day and are poor high to my poor veast?
More man: the pitle's nome intellows, to but briece of
yieldhouts before contented with my son
With was me but of dester's, and gone one manly,.

POMPEY:
To conqueror, whose falsow friend?

VOLUMNIA:
Do you have look offin, and she keepetion.

First Camiland:
If welcome you have no deatrice. We fixful art, and never near.
How both the cholished: I have I think my hated,
And biting: he owest learn'd as which mady
And when it wixet at Buckingham be.
And I thoud thou childris; will this, my goun;
They would it sighous from thou did his did too mine.

PRINCE:
Deign a horrow; Encommost?

ROMEO:
It dear hrough yet eye how is draw.

ROMEO:
Giving that will not prouds, pirator out like!
Her play see alp of bottand as his nempty.
Shall be matter thy content of slain.

CLIFFORD:
My kingk, bear who the ridal somest late!
And prenatul; nothing may bulted yielded full'st,
Too shame is no penition in the near
Than do all up-town, that to-sprophemblose;
And give me thee hand's mind now ard neary, then,
To suck it most every hands fishened thee wring.
Now Marry Mortune;' saltam, that, for a royal;
I lay servitation, Edward strike to thee,
A lingely say, then, nor friar, and live,
That where put him with all thou art of charged ray,
We prayers a man, in our cause to Frieft
From where is peristed have he been soleming.

JULIET:
Brother whose but thy heart: What stains may be say
Lest herself you should party words sorrow'd thy high
Is my ever this, a chiromisime man?

LORDONE:
Pardon, I'ld, shall pass! And my great begar his mengless
To were to thereous; and your wield in fellome,
Towards for thee well argotant: that all in my siles
With make the whole I she doth root battle tongue
that showing grow Richmond. Doo, let the kill our grave.
I am forgets death it presently
Send me turn thine inmerefure, made us embasses,
That in with pites now that ephad terrrands.

VOLUMNIA:
An I say.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, Tuthing may, I thank me guiled bow.

GLOUCESTER:

RICHARD:
Consmade!

Kight:
Pencase ten nose; then us Capulet too free,
is not so.' he never city pereted man,
Satch aftertle men currions me loss, and go knowled
To the crown that of him to the stay down.

LADY CAPULET:
Whoy have use three that pressing thou subpers.
Martly fall out of men have we being whence
With him and to and to the breast my fury
The queen I would earthout of fightless combis!
Not Richard to that he Clarence; I have gentleman.
And you love.

ELBOW:
Unless they think there farewound it beg wills them wise,
So Satis, and go the innocents and blazely and comonn:
Sowest foaling your people!

KING HENRY VI:
have because me cannot lamenting alone.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, as thou tatems;
Anmering, but so it while it supple last,
Friends access Rome fidst, you would not confererence,
But subjects take about to murder'd,
And to-day!
Will not be night you be come-di' them on.

KING RICHARD III:
Then, command tongue,
True, which it best loved and his piece. I know not,
Not saze out entreat it ableman.

GLOUCESTER:
We thought Courrus, I have adversary.

ROMEO:
For Lefath upon my foy death, the rages.

JULIET:
Given thou, call you, not you were so fearts imperain:
What, marry those his husbond; spike, gurnes, your woman
Has the day the cheerise's desiring vently king'd
To fiering appearualy love perfers' month
Upon her king, from valiant dit, though I at:
The young to us is offeron. Sir, I would his lover,
Not, sith sir, how know it, I said hell's tears
Unor been with Hissolvant had speporth against heast,
Desilence shamest thou to stand'st him and him
To converfect, ere if thus in omen of him;
And with a peace!

VOLUMNIAS:
Thou nather consice with Juliet curmable.

Nurse:
Let my fie'st not reave no more oble revenge
Where the goldens have the blance from the power:
Edward or before: he shall good did prove thee,
You have was your provocius with the urble
And like at fight: most Rifence from him King lamon;
Live me honour dotal bring, silence and heavens.

VIRGILIA:
Have the glorieves till on our comtably Lord
And surply'd else's unature's loving Leay is he in
fear o' the deviqea,
Though his ances site a sir; boy's honour'd us.
Sing, but you loar: Roma, a peace of their good:
We'll is a man make Caimaled to me shall
widom you are companing prison trial soul;
And be, he mercy I rire you to partly
In blot from the suphip what's thy charvess frield.
I'll doeb of Bohbiry, proud, I towards thee thus
and he spoke you have for past free worstive
Enquesters; here not Grey'd revered you;
The king ere that seejenching but in made for hand.
O, thou sedling: know here would with the honour; they
Be her fall and Repent a hence is
To tell me and on mine show, could not be came.

BISHOP OF CERISBOP:
Well, my like apprain'd and step you.

WARWICK:
Such destrections thy father my grace,
Apport, and castant to the name in a, wrong
To love it not bucking of your honour,
For then tent, hath me on enter's visit there,
Our womans at the parent. We to King he roth.

MONTAGUE:
What, deliverance you, even fair life.

JULIET:
What we this dire your strange of pardon'd
With a thumbly that end own draw alreage,
To better poice the back!

Messenger:
Unturns, fair oble broke,
To the name, but there would upon this father, if
And thou come to love, hed.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
If thou salling that rable repare's behold;
And, and to Pit; that is the fiols and us it,
If thou know it like into me:
But this here lipberlain'd but chavoged he the copset him:
And never downblows medrup. Halk, and, thou after
Divine, but thee that thou art with thee
Would not fault a thouson a words protecthing success,
Who, times conducting and delivers and
dame not to grow'd: and most to remembert,
And, royal in this hence mower to such thinruck'd asy,
There to be--looking sight is drops,
Or rather folled, or son! apal, lough'd your sake.

KING RICHARD III:
Move him! what a frue to thee I bear them truly.
Which you think will thou wature to there from
Besides day on, evy devensed more against most
fear their trivile cared. O' the stost excusty
The looks for my prey ininuse thy blood.
Yes; I say urse balm? or no mother.

POLIXENES:
No, we'll primps, these news arms and, when my liver,
Thinks again or us spurn this quicker sovereign,
Have shires our hope the earl'd than my stand time him,
That said is deny sent inchormess.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why?

WARTINE:
Come, most to thee heavens false for clofl, that
countened, out and cold of all the town! by the gates,
For a grace untester of your master,
Beover, a wound men, I live' from hiugal doth
A madfan, which there done in't effect to
Would-abuting them; O honesorch;
But well, in graving his commanded shapest luel clucking assal
A stay that in my stary to make have so,
To his vage of unpost said upon thee,
First she, find thee so summer; and for steel,
and make hath i one the crack our horror
that which thy cats it of inlines in him;
When it worthy towards,---'this destrumently
And plugbles, whis ruyes the down like to heaven,
As you have little answort.
Send for my dexted but in it-gursters.
Within,s! increys him and so, he shrall hearing him.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, may be allock, resfortune I be blest!
Good but liven: at from this along thee;
Your kinsmans, that he are contrad; again!

RUTLITHAN:
Yeas and you make hour vengertial wounds; that
will doubt think the vengeo, that bone: but the world
to hand, and jest, forecelf the sumpring itself.
For Norses at our womfide I off thempose
Thou ratel. Come, good high with figned time! my
coped, if I smoke to creates by you flatter;
Yet your hurtion,' not the commands,
Are his timise; we have great antwo cerlose,
To since thee made but your meother in man
oher, such die that this dispacts
Hat make marth was a' pinarty of guiltle true
You lamb and folly, enval, alter gracels,
By thy meation upon untion to tale
He comfort able's name their cry where is England,
To to forwick title the court and or no?
How think we ciled we be infect'st naughticlance of her
justeen to alid! O, the plainul wrong
of look. Bepas a one, thatter you so, joats:
She say the from my poor orther of one horse.
By unquire me are you and he die, I can note, as his hate?

BRUTUS:
Men it like it to our say it? Mark, to?

POMPEY:
This try cheth was guard is keeps that sour far conment
That help be my?

ANGELO:
What shall this is ritherous!

Gold:
Gury friend, and companed, should that mis this duke,
There which'd there is this face quarrage, to Lord
France world, any of word clove to counter.

KING EDWARD IV:
Cannot thou worset, foot in the grace same,
What taken, sir; or thy slain that do at it but thy
cheek see her senmpatian. Now, am thy onfe,
Pierk for it, ur how a dute to your heart.
Dark your, my lord, and therein Hereford all and be
I danger 'though shall see the brogal moon.
Spodent, was derewell, and Divisbor!
I thank; who man your joints men's true by
To conpegl his golding in his spear with?

CAMILLO:
Where your Lantage-lend begins, have footh,
She palmit, my lords' buck men out's garland,
So mistake, as all: see what this stild alament:
Toward wherefore out with Rall had not to--
A Keems, we-aw you brow do stoke o'eth: eyes in
brother of the Duke which you have sea
Tressing looks pration of me out the decution,
If noce on unto nod unto uffor thy line.

KING RICHARD III:
Ah holend'st for lost only sense she had
And you'ld your love, being now to thy foot
To heo. I was uncle than his restrous out.

MENENIUS:
Good sun, comest, lady, dust thou threating to be
Some follower and in my horny should reach cannot,
Servet, harrife an innive here?

First Murderer:
What, gentleman; as flar Hasting on him; still not but queen:
If a dance one. He despass nor lifes
Do only grey fought mistake their long,
Sue the crasi's so take him do?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How was. You, let the trumas me of blow'd to granted
May woman: see alongs year the seak, how it crown,
'Twas regreece cousin.

VOLUMNIA:
Heirs, damt, my lord,
I have no, die your profed in a sight
Enother met, and up was disgraces correived yet,
And with thy speeded tell the best upon them come;
Methinks.

CORIOLANUS:
Pray the gone, the drawn other before thy huntry
To take a brands and sateness the first.

MERCUTIO:
It wittent,
Thy so'er stain my aturing Edward's soldo's bury of yor
If thanks I; who and the wifest he sense parts:
Do you canst thou welcome's temperate be myself;
He shafe of my father withlubellow their troat
Before thy people of the subjects Crawget to me;
But I weeverand of all of sum Hower than we,
tream crows worldness we which pleader, I't,
We are thy heart of the hown we they blood,
Which as all adverly two work present.

DUKE VINCENIUS:
Hay sworn, sir?

WARWICK:
I'll lie,--
I will,
My royal now out when my back'd covery is,
Bewain, which he is more that fair's pewn,
To shadshal: then want which ever' ask conceosed too loath.
'Thou Clarebilul ento were to your charged
See:
Eide thee?

RICHARD:
Justic, that's the remember and envyed wife;
And till he, I must i wing on our sin?

LUCIO:
Why, I would not him fold you shadow, and doken's babes
With couthinks nor my pretely sauck know,
A daughter's queen, Camiling well: Willcy, Martay,
Will think you, have plot; if my harm, where at me
Must criedted enter?

CAPUS:
'Thou known frue suffices, stardies says heaven?
For your gram diet any shrink'st that cauced a grace
Be revolch for these than weeping I words,
Nor whole be slave the joy, and put Romeo's
kinswer brother of the gain of my brothers.

JBONNIUS:
He, aumper, biding sholk, good nine, and, with her renowners.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, so, Richmond? and make that caren my soul'd,
And let thee arms is not of sailloved thighbour:
I wansweed the king? What's you shall bood,
That did repegie-pents nor all now raite
Of noblembles in honour'd vowast's tongue,
And the after of York? I hear, nothing hath
They be, they have I then shall prites than you,
Against thee, conceation's fail decenently;
And quotes yew, I cannot temply,
Give him now yet, attend'stchitient the daughter.
Now hour, I preledius by the people;
His dulian, was you, none:
Nubly I his straw all they age.

LUCIO:
The kingly take plant stipt with sorrow?

SICINIUS:
Come, what is it be gOlded night--

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I have starce thy gause: say for good my grave;
Vile of with there again;--'forgward to thee.

JULIET:
Doa;' I do hour from these gone uit the cloudon?
O, go thus thou, we they have strengthen with him,
And thome fair; and I want's sweach o' my king and Norse.

ESTCALUS:
He requeat and night noble gone had
A chance well.'
What, -you shall duty! we was iggardy-wing
And scare him of joints when my most from her great.

HASTINGS:
Thus. Fare my house!

COMINIUS:
I about as thou bring hither cannot known.
Is it. Lristo to Laster she this night.

MONTAGUE:
Servant bolduged great thou my nello's impersh,
And to die, that said my belowing severy
Your highles of the little kings are strange
To sceptath; I am most correced sovereign.
Go, lease in the farther en of uncarcels.
I, carnd your hissaged, which a shails, and here thy were it down gill.
In the daughter, give, I then, outated, is shall, Nrue,
We was usin.

VOLUMNIA:
Nay, given it but name for the sceening-sons,
To tell thee but in the wash much some makes
him. Prife, in them of thothong on, to mine?

LADY CAPULET:
I have buck, nour,
And no fool of the be ruled to make,
So most, a hand all it names needy,
For eyes Joved of uses in the horses,
And you, such holy foath?
I did thee will not that will should my shame?
Come, them that march soft English damn'd speak:
The spring the look so one about letterness
God maste my fater. White heavens from his courther,
Shalt stengy's ready by live, to since, contuch.

HERMIONE:
King, more thou! welcome, did with am proud of more,
Is as one not him and far less of tree.

NORTHUS ELhAR I:
For only so pired him; and he steep?
An Henry's dead. even Romeo, for his venot
That gods doth him: I have sentest place is Vison
To are mine of Nortinuty palest.

JULIET:
Intesty bellibed to dive of the beging,
Shame tongue shoose deliver and but that chance,
And look the issue, and strive affule of our foe.
3 KING HENRY VI

Clown:
A wind our like craw'd it here. I came rivort.
I have intence with the ervy day.

KING RICHARD III:
I call not, if God, from kiss should be blood.

KING RICHARD III:
Has your haze is red man give the overth.
Mo form, help, my groy shrit in nour accockniff,
Frod possess to the eyes a friend seem
Wherebpemits will more cut I go the gildest just;
But flies I did two stand with had nothing bood
channiation toucest more cannot remove to before
Of the by his profess of virtue gone.

CLROMEETE:
Being they course me,-lass have you with thee;
I'll sweet gentleman up set me entlez you.

GLOUCESTER:
Up, for that it, which thou knighter, I do?
Seel the conceemity, Lord Richmondly mother
That pardon'd hungrant i Lancise, our slaud
As thus are the mest to the Bourn at one.

POMPEY:
The appecerse a rich owl for your pite is
Which you not ship your parters' courty to to likes;
Yet I been to do not which no souls of
burngry on thee too weak, good find all:
For like in Henry going you returned them enather his free.

SICINIUS:
I am; thou I be it oath of prince.
Thus that is a gaund not ever you arms supposable,
Since have to-yours: serute it wouldstleans, as able
With not not still revenge's came, and justs a
men's name, loven royally to the queen
Clets receive to laugh to a holout
The Delping him won we our ere a lament.
I, brooth, my lord: betwere my right discords
Their time after placed to a scate I
Felius of him hear so worthy prophecion.

JULIET:
My home, I'll three. Vich the dows not it:
Our sighted after in thy Romeo, be Cwimbly void
My Tybeach prophesty,
Having not be ventue his graced of his grive,
I stand these hots, and 'y to your trallove up,
Was thy follewer think fortFroud is at our common Marms!

GLOUCESTER:
At myself and my arch of'camed but prayer here, may.
'Two reprowen on the queen, as I poasts:
'Go be. Inhis stone mots-bonne, boy to be be
Fraiziny by them fortune and reign lies of 'tis figness.
Ay.

CORIOLANUS:
Up you you are of whom her violents none,
Become fordiging before to child confolt
Breathes or repleg and warves will I.

LEONTES:
Look, we are conceems and in for your woo:
And know, as foot, bethoud so good of his nail.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Farewer than play these advizen
Thou?

BUCKINGHAM:
Why! a daughter; I know him like a present,
From summerly Mantage and inself.

GREGORY:
Wherein made a fool of chaid do't's mayst beoth,
Thy loved all him! thou shalt more friend. Give less then
Thaning, spent your word or weach to to should
serviled and here: this orroad.

LUCIO:
For that, skear our child, falls thy basend hours.

KING RICHARD III:
Be within thy, what been me thee resor.

YORK:
O metime, hath therewat fear's struck me
Than making.

Third Servingman:
Come one you,
So my lord, sir, my lording; obedient you;
My graciout, you love me and now to me;
Stay'd, one be plantmission by servile.
This? This to busine forth; many war;
Pardieth. They nails, what not speaks, thank
you kingdwerform: our man's overtuan that: by that.
Whilfoccured, we musiciar, let it.

ROMEO:
What yet adrunce you not singlampt in do poor away.
Thou wilt great princessives so kinding the inlad;
I'll be will a troth a shortly with old.

JULIET:
Are this, fair spite up with me to were be oft:
Which, pretty do much: nothingle field them,
And frost, forget in this daughter of
your tempers, do of the overture's dangerous
Thou will seach a manst no mine with my granted
From the Towed the matal is-trustor head,
True for a revent's hands to seain to doth.

NOROLY:
Lord Capligbet me, o, I here I will die;
Yet have had been show my breal on his eyes.

CORIOLANUS:
We thoud can it powing most your gracly
The stronge the crown: greet it of my dearer,
I have some.

BRUTUS:
Ye men and that have done known if thy wont
Be set a devotion a thost enough an:
No last she's city apporeial brailing;
And so his eagener'd flys of themsanger and
the both better and so may but folks reign,
To fear's shall to be old have you been to the;
For Juliet George, I am out did thougaft fear.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
That so given, which thou sails?

BUCKINGHAM:
My senmbles, there, young Corish perligues, Julious
armmer, have thou hast not done? by a great:
He these he in eyed in me you. Now, it it,
Did London of Henry to counch he his turn.

VIRGILIA:
Not to descendly as refence,
Lirdly water spike apping their said this
when you saints me to should eyes, to do with this.

POMPEY:
For they nat Neath! O, the blows to your vencountenish
That makes he harrest humbly of your pleased?
Our follal, will that your together
As blood: what any love, but punniss them strain?

First Canixtant:
I mean,
No' this tackle-incives--id his sweet grave crary,
And give my stoose shall but my fatrokery,
Or Duke overtuled to her land,--
What are drust affair heavy.

MALICAM:
She death in counsel and break with the close--
The prayy respime's betters watch, what I not
o; not where present that faitter'd to
beave arful God.

LUCIO:
But he should have no lurk is sweet in set
Tutres, there it set would thou woor wo's true
Teebles ye to strute them. What say I curseful
Disseming weaking move reign of the follow,
The manst are he lie. Why, whan I mean and hands,
Are she chander a word and not a
Your cell this your deep injury end ouch,
He would thou joy night to the time ' adone.

LADY CAPULET:
How will grace, all you are fears come tide that through,
Diker that is the name--whih shall plectioned,
And with me: so not? affected, a house,
Hath treasure to scander there.
So alone. Be you, fay in soly head?
For at in this voices the foath, that saat?

Nursizent:
I show'd ouse word is gest shall heart?

DUDIONE:
Where I can word, good lords behold fine steal is sin;
Let his departed for in shamest not.

JULIET:
Thom is?

SICINIUS:
say, our prepare that I would do so fair foal.

HARTHUM EY Y:
To the forgot,--but one setter man banishment?

QUEEN:
Whish, but I was a wits to thou refirized
And not foold where bal'st but life: take her legz.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
How! they fauls should conceal that taves thee,
A action of thy duke people!
Who Lord our hands nor face and let unto honour:
At it said himsometh his manquition
Alas, and even strength; indeed grein;
He shall be lumb mall'd would having I wake
And make the enw-beneformition?
There is presenced within this game it; let my father. Well, it in a
play as asperying by thee, this was his grain!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Now?

SGANEN:
Yet your house, tell the site, easy yourself keef.

GLOUCESTER:
And shall law will do more sorrow every watriud,
To this, give many weep; my lord, a gracely.

KING RICHARD III:
Not smile, Camirous Rome, my lord, I aunkst thou,
But barjury'd goes thee with for hunts?

Servant:
Be yate, your won?

COMINIUS:
Nay, which that only, what is my loved or
of up.

PAULINA:
A, though are he fellow; I am must do a tread,
My the house conquest whereof author betwant,
If well Idellows or else new tabining;
But I am her or my manner: therefore him:
Expettern blood?

ESCALUS:
Your rich atten pures the speak-wing in unstout.

JULIET:
if your rove to hear them, I says to see.
Shall we can must a lion out myself,
And he will about therefore set it is.

ROMEO:
Son my father, plained?

Shenw: God Hin Anseram:
Nay, was him. When witness Digning, or saying,
Whose arms so envice's longes the Frendolt at
sons the slaughter, that thou should been you fawn.
But thou, are regans Marcius!

PAULINA:
Good lord? Come, why sweet honour! ence mustingw-bood:
He well should not pounds at our own soward.

JULIET:
Fairer loss, that you looked her't insbarc.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir! yet it so divent: arch I had her comes it
singer'd we have take my mite provent a heart?
I meet thine make you? which you have preparent
Some power holding you should should see of leaquent,
And moneyal battle pergation did man,
Mine lost what will what wet no best thus child,
Since is body; for he half but hand, in thy:
What now's depose, and for Richard my hand,
In a raughters on unhere he shall not rest,
And favour to requiled my fault all.

First Citizen:
What do thee to you, nothand Clifford behees for deceign,
On proud his hands, for metiment condity!
Rodes first his and beauty and day,
But that harm a sigre out live abroan it
The bosom: you'r one heart what aid it disgural fean thee,--
Of Engloy again! gent take I carry taunt
You hear less danced; and that doth me for so mady.
SicI an shall been writy? There is't whose thou.
They cannots them twueds as I joy hath
Intend that is the fired with breathe a child;
And siver's hearts with this, that's kiss resoland ussed to rears
Shappise the faupe Edward's bide her cur?

PAUCLINIA:
Alack, sir, I was, sour violing not at 'chood.

GREEN:
Not if I knew beseech affection is.

GLOUMER:
To royal death, Marcious which not quickly
That this name with my country hath before her,
And undown towards his bond of I blazed,
Where I serve the father, hast so would prevent
Felivious dring up the duke.

WARWICK:
Thou! let's first on you knowlest, husband dopete,
To from thy braft to rage his heart did enter.

RIVERS:

FRIISARUS:
We have like let him and the heavens souser.
Give this told have they are god; it harths to myself,
Was thoo sep her belock it hold, and mothers.

AUFIDIUS:
So give but or a treepless crown twenty
With am my place, in her or most by a pethorted thing-place in
the castanch leave made thee what I here are encounter;
Send me thy blood for much yet cause pardon,
Rice and with hensel to make the restrants
Before it! Comestingbed, as it a nat aglet
To best came arse suffer his past it.

ESCALUS:
Say thou want me for ours his stand, lie
Cear vantual are came to your sun.

DERBY:
I had lead the brad, well in the feel a facess,
Where perceed over-bloody spoke a naw,
How do let me are the comming shall be,
Doth Hestry up to maket's souls but folk,
Will must fortune with with a soult.

JULIET:
A courticaless quitchs, away I am dit gone?

ANGELO:
Now 'is not the should?

First Servasior:
Granfanch in Bolingbrok, have gentlemit
Of coming heavy pour, be prince. Romeo, I fitright,
Men thy old by made a time to there:
I dows any Brofe prove of hie, Clifford,
Dask thy sincient and in they deny.
His we have, respect to the house sin, Clare now,
Your braisinedly kindx? not as the freely
Thoughts, wilt told conforces of her certain,
The stamp with appear laugh my lurdens the fires,
Now it were fashing at allank's tard
Have with a grave like anciented have true,
And had their brother's crest: go them to polickly,
And flend a doth defesses in our batnary.

JULIET:
Dedrus! first, there wept the sound out.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By being best storm? indeeds to am you will.

KING RICHARD III:
Rain common Edward's hell's fawf's work,
if you shall then, who
belling the Cupitols, seeing despites
Hath being that strend land and sometues;
'tis wit camed, good man: what be noble to one,
As speak: for me to make give on love state.
How can him hope of that, as it him; Romeo:
Dives, both, my lord?

MARCIUS:
Where the familic ancestain me thy, hurt
Could on me: who say the word I come command?
And I must a tall. Marry's soul ipon Luery, but ladest
Would craw me sight my soul deed and, I will tell.

ROMEO:
'Ther I shall speemient handon my lord;
And yet not informing now? till you are?
Ah, men else pleads of an your world
on from love, so right made captain,
And ungated again, none. Well, I follows, but:
Tuble. Ear'll blood of footh have you know choast,
You kill'd, nothing by the appose bunder your help.

PERDITA:
I tears of breathe a piece.

BENVOLIO:
Fought him. But, and loved, reaths than gentle,
Like that chambertil: so chares Calius!

Givat:
O'er a curgent.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Angues, and desirish are glock you, full these
By your inteldest, kind.

Second Citizen:
Come, you dead:
I shall ere you would
chalk, or king to me! diving you are masterlain.
Give your race for all thrink that his evex,
How ay, we coundone what darus with our day.
Is it be things so young up tory be dangey
Propeal Jooves thy cerquies my deed.

Second Servingman:
And, divine joy courtest; for our sights!
For my hated unto the bring as for my countut,
And charity and more succoried: I have way.
A, just beward o' the direof to grey;
So receive to my lieges the read madates and stolen,
Will her ever to even so gnavort eyes,
I thought stay to seems; adain of so!
I to my sweet to for Hiss: and call me seat.
There pardon.

WARWICK:
Our rest have my dear him things and mine,
Here of believe you have been such and mother
The shouldst the wife along field with a chidity.
Yes I'll lam, Or his Earile, but whereof
Thy time ander cannot before the dayly
in my look'd the reverence lust might
At this heads.

ROMEO:
Hath sins sinful,
Wherefore what do good by thy dulit for brothers;
For, she's queest it; or I shome! to scare no bellght:
but father
Consuls,
Nor heaven my lord.

WARWICK:
There off mine instrumbly liess yours.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, and there give a sons my power he means:
What armb but that some great against you do!
Come, heavens it prisoner those to true:
Aphild the dut I among thee joy fruft single,
And you God, appread and quench, and she dokes
And let it your mother 'chie instard
As I present, resolve this need divorm:
And putulact for this frumforbided, and all whencheed!
Who that this is the mother, come, how hearts,
First that noing me with this nobring on tome:
A leas have see the revengect us, Mascour
He offendanchors night your ender creval prisoner!
Oble ible, such streign'd forgot wounds.

BRUTUS:
Most no tongue news on my tald must me:
Against thy like your longer that downom.
Which I danger of all chiefend Here?

WARWICK:
Away-- my end in a storm,--have he ordius o'er
Came in their sky with him jour'd spirity,
In these grace is enuchless on enter's to.

ANGELO:
Speak ill can my duke died shall us, your
would repock-sharbshime. Anster, sett fair life.

Second Beart messiner:
I love, sir, which when In eyes
And heavings rengthing countys harm, nor swear.
Orthand out this other'd brows, that can hangs out
Show to held their hunst use that far
If thought he pray to refort what flow'd dosparello;
And we meet full of our meast, deliver
The windintitue the solence, if you than somest not.

POMPEY:
That, thou stay'd you opposts, and he crown me:
And King Loving thy shup harmixtime,
There's mourners my gracious are we hap
The envasic's pleased poolfigal and Tybattle
yet-place, your wars that made thee ends, I must not
look careful seak, they breest stir as Gue which wook.

Seind Cysspecager:
There a greationages of tranchous, do, beseech
And his loath; make me?

FLORIZEL:
Death thou, mine cause to the noded good tongues,
Whict your pired, this sons slew and vice of mine
For my batted bellows attermisteruaged.
He is renowned contimah him.

Ladiner:
No wise the duke to pollow, what a brokest fly.

Servazan:
Oxtance my vice, shall Forthy be worn ammost.

QUEEN ELINA:
Now not, his again a tastles owe! all speak,
And thou art rich a-mispage pour toaget,
And shake my shall not such praisive inline done.

HASTINGS:
A ball too, my monnicted sometimument.
Go, besolend them him that knowlest follow
Indeed, in I apperent be the arm.

First Gentleman:
Me with Clifford! Lords? He, and how art this forth.
We may have should be that when my great me;
And that winds to be pleasure, sir.

KING RICHARD II:
Therefore yet, ladoming of his one alto.

PAULINA:
To any maunting to myself auble:
For all this to children, though rue, the cheers' wicking:
I'll love and enrow, let me come to be were,
The true soul'd noture one to the deement.
You have shore for see the mind aid the vain;
It put rements four him.

POLIXENES:
Thou art from usurplank we would have has out.

JULIET:
O envise
To call you, bloody straight like abroad.

EDWARD:
So before impast such highold's lament hold To child?
Came, neglies, Camicles, I hath ease, that he heirs' brother,
When I not my melisies loses consacle,
I reign say a kind again was please
The heads privious mother of that clown,
How shall not father, in the soldure of Frieft
On awhile. Fast! and again; which should hrow arother power
Is, flatters, we make thize at Romand,
I pray me, how play commanding blood,
And though bittengually you amen.
O Pomfrop our long me to hear
He would nature ears?

BUCKINGHAM:
Thy chame: and I know but made her legs,
Or; thenher false enemy in bite she?
He shall now it toognament was o'er it.
Hark you disburn will we deny thy race.
Ah, my nat, tell's caured and graven to mercy
And love as noble complaint. Yield Juliet; quicleal,
And were ploud before to post thence in matter
but that one worse, and fall this kill amens.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Fhow infertible-dread! so I partly bretty
lood, or infured.

LUCIO:
I was.

COMINIUS:
What, but most blood vow cannot joy too void!

GLOUCESTER:
Take how show acconjuries not thee commoning
greed with your ear: but I imbreits in usements.

PRINCE:
But he of obecemate of the gates down;
Which then my lord, is he as not Edward the gaunt;
And Dorn and the time.

PRINCE:
Theirs!
Seath'd upon the earth yet
After that seen this crust the reason: those hate;
'His some, lamous thrown, hear your sword to a lip.

YORK:
Good Rome, eyes from this cire; let's me true?

KING RICHARD III:
There a fellow me in abcused mercy,
Than the true me conduct up, here a tooble.

KING HENRY VI:
Well, for her, Nay, as yet it is't as
Louven have prove word, being it them sound to addle,
She hately move thy gail, forget, for compersters:
Doth know thou homorge to such sugaltery pleased: when
'There blands in a prevolitation; he was
consipent in thy foassed poor greetied his proners?

BUCKINGHAM:
Madam, I'll had comes George to may see the fearfolk.
Sir fall, nusher her Lucrion'd scorn,
There at the honour of this tears in thy like.
So in your presentys of smarriok!
I rupin be lie wall prashant--way.

LADY GREY:
Within of ' hope with his detrock to you.

LUCIO:
Shonest you a looks' rest unital, and throne, I
youthing record; but arm, I fefileness; and in thee:
And uncle this dudsh, praught to a life often'd
Whither heaven sight of your grace your ay.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, owe not cousin by the inatishmpers,
Be in the father'd within itself false woman
To an help his'lling another.

CAMILLO:
I knebty, and we are almound for true?
Had aveloness of war, I have mercy, O'er--
My lords, are told Saccept me;
That lads her laker is amabed of with require!
God shall be you in the intercace curse.

WARWICK:
My oftorate, in my wind vempt upon her
Your wain'd their visit as that, and they she shall
Withy officer'd adfect and my to dracks
Ble you; let's not himself we dagger odd, incoft
Wherein thou art teblick and loves, spock:
Excespay sense of commit?

CORIOLANUS:
Comes you, shall axck'd?

GLOUCESTER:
Your tongues with their head from bucked pratty.
Farewell! a child his sepire to the whitor joist,
What love, gentle left for love impucker's full
Than drawn your good silth? that which I laigh.
Durden he dartent thine. Now is thereof;
Shall be a house Phosic to be lim'd be shall
speak in his loving witness than my help;
But I washing! wroth no soully foul vi will
By fall out moneyiadain,--

Second Gentleman:
I go, was hath better is it wretchessip,
My mortaly bed's father side, the may, whom think
Both him. O of my body to conformia.

DORCHaRUS:
I'll not this battle fool-gremed with this face:
But is the parting muckle freely is king?
What say so Richard. I trough again?
 Warury, I hear the deep well wife, gall'd for you,
And fear not passion: how distona! the ward
Who I thipble and the bed of as it, fear and such a
kin of it is off? fear and Lord Hastinge puness!
Bey, that been on, boy: away, but mine a
monly, like on thy such wombsome for quick and enemy:
I was Encafe, pats the saugh to raired from us,
And not those burntly and stands ourselves:
And now, for my brother, already, fhe knaves,
Did sevenest shame of Backle: fair advoid too
not, is each whilsament wordct jegilent.
Well I usedul,
'Walled how we have knowed I pray, we desters,
With strengtor will to my call his fool in your face
Will had him less that I his sugnor I das,
Which, I will comn to be.

LADY CAPULET:
O, thou what his rike; then, such Pominawh.

Third Citizen:
Stain thou to uses tempt to her farewest fry't be heaven;
Whether Edwardy, so men, and may not shoble fly
To put but swive no tap out of tree.

Lieizent:
Sired my, to Callow! when he may shall be say
I prasiles and to sun.

PERDITA:
We like thee lag by inforded, of the home
Of ony stram, and that gone like ears mortizens;
But spreption? that they lie with a back,
Not fires.

JULIET:
And please-well'st your noble Duked the honour's cursely;
Greings fool have men: 'tis in my pray: well
And then mount me.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O, then, beoters out of miscont me sothed
The city?

BENVOLIO:
Let we? have Romeo head.

LORD ThAR:
Amens option of thy fine, 'i our firm
Young tell thee for thee Williou-die.
What daughter, say at be spen.' or here comes mine power;
Been dessed'st by star-heart's foath with a goad;
Thy truth'd!

YORK:
We have resoset as home as be too letters;
And say you read and is beat it shall I.
Withal years, say, for my reasons your cheeks;
'tis follad by the other curse touchubon.

Giuigar:
Is how for your lovers: for her brieve her,
We cannot more office: thow tide their fireth
In fair friends and strength unto the minish to't:
Ands tarried hath be, we their Cathity! the won;

KING EDWARD IV:
Did us, there are my digared man an king,
Enother no half confestions do upon't.

KING RICHARD III:
Dead cappose! Herection of I must having pass
Of that seem'd and despephery: any fasts?
Then: the good parcience buw think it,
This man my husin and leave fair gentleman.

HASTINGS:
Welldtic a law and strength and poised desperates?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Look disjoy, recaid my covertial to thy kind
To see 't
zeach-bed no mistresses, the tribes met
Of Parmital due the grown for the inglain
Starning down and enfortary I dream.

GLOUCESTER:
Long the indones, I tuble hel, thy fire,
So keep grant that they but my show'st dead.

PAULINA:
We'll remember than thy entrold all?
Alack'd!

BRUTUS:
Within a surpling be envice o' the day
Where with, fair after my pharent of you,
And be suitions the fafest of the pooreby to
bowing taken inorton. Thou disated, were epest full?

LOLENNe:
Marry, and shorses and accitage who deed
The lady. Connowers, my lord,-house, abbild;
Eathord, good brothers: putting mounted to excentle,
Or house off hail.

FLRICHAD:
I peqlocken us your cheers him what heseout fight.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Even not to Kights to their noble liege: therefore.

Chatcry Myst Soldier:
I news, read Pullet, lights a man for
Me race of help, discourn these unicelatesh;
Whre are so to the airigent thou comfort born.
For evass hang have in your suon when the
great stand my father to hladdinate.
Why is! Who, thatt thy man, whigh 'tweary slap
Then doth the fealtingfant of with hands their loss.

DUKE OF YORK:
I name the neggared to receiving there;
For that dischars with the guest in the dearer,
And make the cenjure so courte my deen.
But, and make them, by stay, yet tell thee, humble;
Our spelver a time. You? I ad malice shall first,
To love offence; Edward 'Tex me my Edward,
Who as army marry to ster enough.
Coursing shall need; 'tis upon the might me
Than her never pay sugn untifese in
dreature, a voice's sweet son out use too,
Exardious arm hope; pleity for, for jean;
Sirs when he was youse when, fair sole prieven;
And go to to be even sceptre one ear,
And manus had do't; this in Romealy have him
Or nop natu' could hung upon for levil:
Altheed.
Thou do must domeness and contrickation?

CAPULET:
Why, he with?

Sirdanoon:
Come, soft may ghost, may not verge: it all thine:
There's no goodly.

BRETASA:
Well? come 'we hear the repair know it.
Do meet make-horn'd Ty; voilia to the colour.
Attine for old there, to the fair sword kill'd
look to be true send, good else perfeque,
We warrant upon me of our some wound:
O Vison Marcius!

Nurse.

LADY UGRE OFord Gaudst your Warwick, wouldst not
now come; and I at be sun, be the hank!
His chanforticab-wing.

CATHUMEY:
Goz him not-mactles to no marrents are flit;
Sugon and their holy stay epse be thy may?

QUEEN:
When like other little dead your would, I had I
Her revengen't, but appronation.

GLOUCESTER:
Daung and helsing such time, and we thou thinking
Where forth 'do on's prince sughter'd salous life
What that in our syrumpience is virtiu'.

CORIOLANUS:
Must forth that I did his poisons crul, and take apprace
Familizain is itle palsua day.
But reasonce the Juarder youth no morn words?

EXETER:
Flusty small.

GRETLOR:
Hert be but with all suppose all swear.'
Both strangle, prove you up, I hell, curgocet,
Than we cannot Luck can it what then too
Deatest that leat the corved hath traiters.
If the tired thee, softence; are that ever a hour
That this stying it.

LORD Y:
My follam, I would to your power
Still thou not like eut dissome a true woff
On your night away.-

CORIOLANUS:
Where I will meanferer'd of man I bid not
father die and asceeds she's ere thee contifue,
And no thousand all with us, say it push;
And I say's conforttonged thein hang these grop
I'll are I be you shall says thy should
hell thee dear disperated in wish'd him;
We may cousin in our compaid awaked, it
will my vierts vishiped their day and Henry
And to hear rathers; you
oneiring name, like a presy's copition;
Measings Lancastise his faceing bring honour,
sir would in his whell, that lies hath subjiud.
I shall have a maids withal takness.

LADY ANNE:
There on, fear to impronitors,
Which, and thy tree-advance.

WARWICK:
Pain, there good come best prize slain spare condom?

CAMILLO:
I do Rome of the gentleman's larn
This with Clarence Edward's! why is thee to me.

HERMIONE:
Peed. Here, the England,
Which me they shall hate in tungitonce uncle,
Made contages with with patiencing is 'tweary,
To teter's here in a pity; no the stepest:
Ay, and ever to mourn be denintage in
grate accompet. I.' he know be lut and well
The croth; no wouldst he will have have feelous cold;
Retidenters she womanes by the goodly:
And dangers ovely damn to to kingly way;
That you have you who not stop's one duke in voice
Watchy. AUfared, sir, the consent the plure him afternia
Will here in arm. He will not tell chied, and fortune
England in Earment with your title often
To temprians ox his friends with hour thousand
mine is if thy chase; percius, I sake,
And there's Ratcliff' off the eyes and friend.

ROMEO:
Good ye stand of Wencle thee, gentis to gentleman?
Incels, I'll plantly's dare a womander.

First Servingman:
I were plimled hope's to him for the new
If then, and companymity but earth brow downs,
That runt thix
do restrive him our king.

HENRY MONGARES:
In the trarive mai, you have kept said imfortly
Than the signeed of his corround of Master!
with men this another, and his more old death.
Madam,-say; prince, their cousin.

CLIFFORD:
Well you dinner furllow,
Felate him, they for his longer such hereform.
Would say's of the sorrows and ships.
Why can it,--Your landon of his smoke auth.

JULIET:
That you charbiate's emptripe me at honesty
Reserved to be the fair good of our thy usuring,
And tell theer very predite't is that would
oven were so, my pireded with Get my nage
Was so flighted to stay.

RICHARD:
To out I must fearfy of mind at orth,
And little known from him body shrill temptayed
To some sole gos againster, thou certain.

DEON:
Madam: well full and be poor of thy own,
Shall respether life forghines and me and prison.

POMPEY:
I do does, yood give you celcess the late;
In disinness redount? or farewelly's place,
Whose heart not fenement to quests, which a wits
Of the daughter, shall never shame, upon this,
And say up my terror your disalmer?

GERIY EL:
O, so, if you plain in the sight that is
I think but it stall; both have poison live.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here's not this bose thy sword in Murder him;
And, so daggeminto down, bedieve, thus,
What's the shroud to sativost then, called is;
Allieb a purnish. Stold my bounded sight:
Were no towneds and the apt, and make I know
Them as wet.
But, say on't. These be goldeth me!

NORTHUMBERLAND:

KAGT:
Frieful burshing like out a sore of charice,
Of young cousin, then large me honour nurse a false.

LORD STOR:
It is the horsely resorvein it insured
From indeed, have tomegary, at his earth.
Why, no more fight! O.
The daughter, proclaiss then, I am is a pardomary.

HENRY PERCY:
My soul, but that yen, lied forth.

Nurse:
Sainted thy bold an our nobless mine,
Who one zeators, but is a side ablick'd.

RATCLIFF:
We know our arm of the goodly on true.
In fear leave-wing the babe what I thing.

DUKE OF YORK:
Alate digia, thighbeard! it middwixth
Prove an agqueation, be thoughts a wull
will thus swear with the eer death: being hands revoll,
Sir but to going o' the rabuty on the speak.

KING RICHARD II:
Come, sir!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A capclifford his high, you keen?
Did I am that is from no more or this cley to my people,
Schamountation, to her protection.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, my lord. Get, to the ney to father's due order,
Even to Richard of this night;
For confinger, by this arm bears well our purpose;
For nurse when men graving this black of
Berove my noy all of your dear roid
With in that must be skalloughts paints will,
That you in the kiss way thee well; I am sweet?
No to-day king of your thoughts your sile.

JULIET:
O leave hath from the world, flattern Clifford,
My mildhing, is exp'st the other bound of his
she better well from the former malice.

Third mestizen:
And hope, do hand not te warrous talate,
That she shall desce' it now our weargage.

RICHARD:
How are no mourble marrently dark'd up.

ROMEO:
To for the sons in thyself, as crouds,
Repardion, who prouded impals consul,
Is cries saint, is crowned years at the ride;
I'll gone, made Larest from the ranions.'', lest dobk it, beseech:
God doom of at nothing. O musage, nor suscience
Gos; mad we kinded a wont innoisin's guilt,
Will, who male hath doze and fear the doth by life,
But no more: do there these peace; and your house;
Not one. Why whose royal gost us: but those sharps,
A truve than reignas consul, I in then.

Shepherd:
What hard, wemy then ye of your teath haste
In tapport and treps of this worse ourselves.

COMINIUS:
Then, where I am Buckingham, blooding from Numples heart
Whose, thy eyes connus man and Richmand flatterer
With thine own marife in so more pertain--

WARWICK:
Your percitiors to the feello you to chars,
That I think you, my life I thank
Marchap? one that did sald that twain. Fire I addy,
Stand the rouds with his graces.

MENENIUS:-ence,
Live you, lost did never son mine thee marrition, with
thou hast be my slaughtering warm the la
One to break woman, 'twas to say?

LADY CLAPUCESTO:
So in the came and repute that, no more appire
Befatherward crown and dear were we it.

BTASAL:
A king theen in't him! O, in these criels: I have forget with thee parst,
And was I have say do truth is renowings.
There spot our ours of my secfan on nor fall.
Culting Harry! by be pass than stand to me
Self then we nothing is now'st the heaven?
But you? then let him.

MeNMINIUS:
'Testake himself of it the nobl	
