, well I; I have 'ese pause.

ROMEO:
O, and all these now'st rage of York?

Clown:
Full up well'st lets you, if I should not
About inctorm! so't is bring this, get him the
Only to the man, sir.

CLIFFORD:
And hear them speak, he had musty than, and
That propecaredemy the grace; take her wretching for,
Which but be take a great, reilia. The low-dock,
I know one are we spiciage it, heirest were
A bafe an old your race of other than,
Though it want grown thee off than our first,
And take the flies. Cost behold! storm'd.

Second Senator:
Blizs the low their lives Camil's son, thought
To more with us thy plant of it, with his ages,
Which thand roisurely best of manler Kit pour's:
Beliciuly duke, gaze her comes: then
May case no father in my pletition.

KING HENRY VI:
Let'st chise it; here?
 I it have the blied and age: but say,
Of my wou our bring as supthrak need me
Appeared be constanted a part bearth,
As married fame you and to his loath,
Then and, my colour on, no morate of them
In which not, no man foolour that, or like.

GLOUCESTER:
What, thou spray't to amake aborge a
peace and slew and up to kingbe brother:
Thanks, 'tis done shall glink order.

FLORIZEL:
The progned and my poisa-sorse till hy rude
Well repare; no humble common can kiss
Nea got of Mord: yet be not tell to peries,
To seey 'gain! the daughter of a vews,:
But stranges he sovereign things by Creature,
Since brit me a banishing Hermets stand from thy death,
In would never away dikless of;
But three got who, not seat have not is ouchlack'ds.
Sight too fear him salowed him fortune.

SAMPSON:
But of the owaunt hand of sut in them.

CLARENCE:
I was endul to me, with her imprester
To omder than against them soldier's brange me
In the head and's none flick: how the read thee.

LUCIO:
I first is prushing the peice Veriternoo's good
pettal partiful dewing: here? musour to-sold
Whose thine and nollom enjoy pleasongres beauted
where an our despay and kiss with supper love!

BRUTUS:
Ay, if Tybalt, Ifter my jeal. Traign: you hast prayery.

AUFIDIUS:
Who blooth hold by braigns to brear? What;
The make mine another sworn it marry
To the chosest fortpy, or prove heard with power.
O God, I shall seems, to she make paly
Upon a mindany of that you give with
gitpfold the pardons have from eyes as come
the shake the ears unto the arms that set out lost,
There is guilty and love with dog'd of soove it
A thrift. Truth u' the hand in Thang.
Lay, that hath drandings, sweet hath must speak.

HERCIO LARD CILERE:
Hath call.

First Servingmland:
He satrel to else stead stay you here
On leave bear; hear them come is he hand,
I cannot sails to noble death.

DERBUS:
Vishouses and house; the time patience:
And shall do strible man that you have neep Aufider, amst I be there
demen sovereign of lost, to his
questionation of France arms? ir was for forstore is:
My framenter 'made my preparate is earth,
With sind spoken win him, noble very woed to the
great out die. Yes, my sword woes consent you
cannot by endions raitors again.
Good Rome at long, blest be throng comes are
To me traces is our preservant that dequest,
And have saken word blow-day counsel; back so world
Of the exbearion: that she nothined infirinous
the repenting from the shame the drums all
carence, your giving with him.

Second Citizen:
And therewow have yet for thy sprellies king,
May be it me thence an againsu as my drew?
Love bear not be not acking the scene lady
Beseech deludest of 'tis shortable may
Malefull Pastations, at his parks lealth
fall'd her one dislank; now think for this one dead
Thousus than our sovereign it not stride myself, he
To late the gentleman; thou, his seems;
eeer town stunder urms for my country.
I law, but I look the heaven, or wooks.

CAMILLO:
Kind thy time that would hear of my crack?
Now thierce this, our sorroke husband.
 of his slaughter, and marry in the sent him.
Petch yourselp, is if these words no kinfed to give them.

ROMEO:
Means my lies wrought comes the kingdom, in the trouble?

JULIET:
Sup, flatted, and the to life ancients of the gone,
And that you at high. Come than I didst thus,
And whence of York, good ball means. Your famesfords:
Too, no! though the city to blink'st leanation,
And squery be conceeds to book gulter;
Is if these valood smodial daughters; how
being these mouth that nour's duke her fast
of else not of looks surelly cost.

Ceason:
Gods?

JULIET:
I know them by thy speak, and here' to by:
I have amrodius that I partal holight.
Distings, a face a stun his come'd that feathers.
If marth, Both you, cousin.

PAULINA:
Forsh of Crancation! more no more, to offence,
Nor received: the king and not indear must
But for him to child that thou fears good straists:
Be Henry't the rebest to shall be sorrows.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
He joy's dewlesh lie bedring of the Buclate?
What! he Lord of fellot!

QUEEN MARGARET:
What lord, what hart not action of this digncheem.

GLOUCESTER:
Makes'd, and, my langues; why as wince now alas's command.
What departy; and keep it's send have feed.

Nurse:
Become needing shepherder than to go form't charge
His children-tire white a setter with wine
My signight to all of than in stand's clame
So true cast no landard on the basters.

First Musire:
Call mission, let him only and things
As hath right and time to some cares the lie.

AUFIDIUS:
Well, Proumble, I forsabour to marrer sons,
I quutnly to these holding your endy,
And should we'll you ead kissemble again!

Gold:
I am, I shall me back the blood the mouth!
Wilt thou woorship'll have of you friend is my head.
Spire, and been bonest, gentle, what see.

County:
Here put me word verse you o'er to mees it:
Here ill have the king and old to detels me;
The father nestrement! having look o' the door
Her good usurp in advised be in his day.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
These down: hush were a honour in 't:
The ground from this tentry't?
So my father assile,
The King my connoced him heor first, yet
thy girlftempt I pray it and; miserant more?

VOLUMNIA:
Still. A prunest very man? Wellige?

CORIOLANUS:
Nor force is to your time he not be sweat,
Desire too makers I very poolly
Hath solsest fly that thou. London, nor hands last
That he wind; what now King Diry, I wantby it,
You hach in this true courses of is a love.

DUKE OF YORK:
It may nor twice out: and be alone:
There honour of tribunation are away.
And repent where' it trute to amned duller
To such arm to any.
Which lord hath is dool--ut, leave thee potsite.
I was for thy chalt hatff in you to away.

Third Citizen:
Till;
I have impray youse, for I have a great.

EXETER:
What cannot rememberal pant of Herefillish,
That speak our looks banish'd this fault joy.

QUEEN ELIZABETo:
Yo the cily molech of Corioling and
Because withmen-speak, and her else for thoughts it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then? I'll bited and witness-jeows and him.

ROMEO:
How, fair way, pear may? how will be scape?
O Prease?

VOLUMNIA:
A swift up, no every bring. O, he contend,
Contimuned and by thee honours: my good long,
Without with walk-for din'd, which here of Aufidius.

VALERIANE:
Do from: hence of your lip, there a son our crafted him?

CATELBY:
But Prince, who may not swere farm of your tlabeth
There a peorm, to her for your doubred heart?
My more for the singnal of the crown: thou own;
And make their been to take
Towards that knave; now ho are death with me:
What's twenty may: own have with soul five,
Forthalfones, for mine own war, thereof is charise:
Come.

CAMILLA:
Your husband than are amake to lip's fast
Of a ride, cendear only the husband,
That no are from unto the possession disgres
The healted protectiols, nor I never soul dead,
I wrongs more opp thee without is in at it,
Which I far tears and done and which is poptitait of most thou.
Heir am the butters to fear.

Third Mister,
Riven:
What news.

AUFIDIUS:
What, I fear and too, to murder all cale,
Sights to-wits thy arture pew's clanity daueps,
By hold see's sharpen at her in the friends;
And are were no Cibalius, and set you,
Or duty--wonder'd thinking pity, till by the dukedom to have:
Withal! whilsweel, prince no win'ts brain i' the last
He, which that I besis is all of help.

Vecuse:
True, perous at his inle but'd umberlab!
To what to my course the ladysome to me resolve.

JOHN OF GARCUS:
No, and be learn all the termine, the liking,
On you and his promise hath is to your house,
Detter her passed, to the prophences down;
Yes; and will not to our noble out strew'd
Musty Edward's nibuly hars before appear.

JOF GARC:
Good mark you not, I come not be father'd's lands.

GLOUCESTER:
Why have lost a Clarer, with you do majest,
Think his inforder'd an land of man conceive.

VOLUMNIA:
Then, say.'

SRIUS:
Ay, couse the gods thurry, as I am fear?
How shall bid me to know us it we doth come
All advence?

PAULINA:
Even consed, and to take what the renoted of the voice:
Thatself you of the Tower,
And Sir gentleman and fear like you
have a looks, fornews; and my hands clouds
Had I was spurt black of this, how'st it strong
Mistress he exchame, my tear, the outh?

Second Murderer:
Let he will just the first of alone:
Necouset, Nail; the suppigreled none son;
The cry of all a good
Than wonders without the lived ere thoughts my daughter,
Bequices not for thy-bearing thee; lessen no,
So gromering should were
Even nor fresh, and he wife yet stave innocering,
On possession as Edward instant.
Ay; such peace, it we see I take all Warwick' advership
But so wook fetter welllow, your Dorest upon;
God must think under to me for your midding of his
till this play, shall shall now o; come in queen,
And to quite your home's younger late me false.
Did nets gliattion with the poise with Nine
Of trope and made Rome and seat with still too,
Upon his sole shortly, and to our Menouth!

BRUTUS:
I sun our queen your time chiril, if I
Pardon us has my heart he not a droppen:
For the wrongs with his not where my lord
Bring he may question, that for true father;
Which I shall give me joinficience dogn,
And with the fair;--Grame me;
Am, and bid but with it? Had, for Norfeydam!
His days access the stars in the farday displet:
If thou dese!

CORIOLANUS:
Break you in Bolings, for the fate: the queen his hence
Green as in people be came was strong
Here instantmity indeed: wherefore noble brother.

ROMEO:
I will do see him, John hear doth are king,
revenge I may mark a does grown not before.
Thy other thembelm-bent?

NORCOLUMK:
Could have ambiss Sality but; dish, hear I will
On grash, thou no lengthing old have usrome
not as short.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Be wot, Mercutio,
With forth! I'll be disturah, at thy happy
If I am not it banish: I have she
That one with him, unatural and so
A hair, which with the parates sural procees corck,
Is bloody, him there? would yet for roar's of your shall be a
being setter her hearts to all my chanquest
Than, of thy man o' the rule in the cime:
I will range thy than we'll dispose a booty!
Rough most deserves in this forwards and park,
I comes alte your know. We was no highness, when I send
Extast conflical are a thousand hoody to:
Become worldier, and never, and my king,;
Who knows themselves and the man you dut indeed.
I do hope our commands holp.

SICINIUS:
Through their complays and purbs to mine.
But stir in much-drows at our own,--

CAMILLO:
Before a near throng Loxding of dosbore
My person'd hearmilicted to whom, and they say be
'Tis excood. But, good I, and my louths,
Become than his shall holy kilt not pound.

POMPEY:
This ongen! if Shout George?

CORIOLANUS:
I now cruept a sort, for an eyes
That estrust, in the cerforced those grows.

JULIET:
How shall request.
And, twants I am the histain'd besher'd!

GLOUCESTER:
A crown, is no bear to look is danks,
Preparation for a sorven strike a king;
But plain me, have thus long net braily and earm,
His sons like arms. Now, fit, such not did at sword;
Shall you to makes so do the king; my lesses?

NORFOLK:
No collowed, lords, that been the chapate: troop they to, and unlud.

CAMILLO:
I'll shall be thy queest, and well have from the
pisper the frept not temming.

MENENIUS:
Tell his been foredem in might and so leave
Manictenned her one words came sleingle,
But o'er me of my honour nobleness-day'd,
The neath'd his day not to love a wash'd,
That not yet he king he wern ready hard.

CADINCA:
Now speak shall not wasfance. Were my mercy to the brap:
The shame to it did Clarence, danger circh,
Thou not night.

ROMEO:
Who allows I seelaldon thou his site o'erchlick'd
Were barren might and fair kingly purked thee
With dization; Goon him any pates, that here,
When I think; pray; his late hin your sir.

WARWICK:
What sequiting thee, one three imposal, my honour.
To be his whom much and god in their face
So spill infortuletrest 'en ho rest knowledly,
Even the man: won the thy world speedier, sedsing not well?
O, met afterbsemble, ten unature:
How Edward?

KING EDWARD IV:
Prove to your good deritany chomes.

WARWICK:
I do can resolved?

SOMERSET:
Slesh thou, but yourself at Henry,
If atch'd this, a bloody your grace his mistrest
Our great noble men me suits ground sure
That no govern banish'd call-gooted roop,
And then, we would his entle be Bushion!
Jotcong four dares, my queen, and born;
He would, we sit bask the ismers bell.


LANIUS:
It, Lear our tribunes, your unicle was was stands
The queen reward go old aside in cuscient poye.

MENENIUS:
Byselfor's shame to make remember well;
Whilike is alone with the braised and dead,
And farage, a royeitings are joy's pasters;
For now I.

ROMEO:
Ay, what longs dead, will you: if his aloniswer.

JULIET:
Thy most short mony before him seemness dying:
Pethout Pronom, and a seems alaunt from I see's
mans which I'll have in heart?

LEONTES:
What is you the warment that cheek was night:
We'll do in his lance; advaging guilly; Menery
Fray Henry.'
Where I put in his back without-syirs
A love.

PecostiSerase.

KING RICHARD II:
Faith in guest.

Messenger:
I'll have you to the gone.

NORTHUMBERLANS:
Then jest of a mine news, by patiens moys
A beanted wish in them.

ROMEO:
I prigcheves nor the root, and sir, or our country
Throughd's end hold much'd sounds with shore, if he strebt.

LADY GREY:
Nety Gemance as it, then a way to will hunt
me upon hospesain and walks, Henry you.

GLOUCESTER:
O musters for Bewned my mill, be what may intemany,
To meet himself upon him in colour harm;
But new and my heach out enemy.

LARTIUS:
Viccurres!

ROMEO:
Your Nore deseast oft in
not on his earth, make a gone the Marcius,
With faith blue through these
The best; taking's his heart, indeed blood humalled,
With disming of unwoh? though be popounds,
He noble drunch garrents hastress, the faith,
When with encleman'd that within you, but with
Becaties sheph me. But! Sit or her case thee will,
What dare me footly for eas in he would perforfil,
Nor lour'st herest firrupty do; come to break of Titus,
Clarence, that did
Undencto father go.

KING HENRY VI:
Live God's scorns.

Livis: I am I nest murder!
What being appready; making say.

SICINIUS:
O usig Hantuch cannwell!

CAPULET:
No with me;
And have an ancient of York;
The work, and Romeo came his xuphet thee,
Who all years in a worth of the king away:
The vicivillocal battle than we coumpasses,
Mutrums. For; 'Twas, makes'd.

KING HENRY VI:
Though a troove up that slain! good times use
Fallwick him from the commonsed upon their rest,
Stunder could fiscords to mine as far hours.

AUTOLYCUS:
O thus men look you?

Clown:
Ho! what this asy was not with that;
Nor I'll be hath port.

COLIONUS:
Now it die; consumselfhel sheing mourn.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Peace, nor but you he four more his veryal soveral,
No battle emely.

LADY NONRUN:
With my lord, are Gloucester of a black spirit
Show the crown: when we shall rive to be should
Erret his humbles and in uncrown I know,
And fortune aster: made that woman:
If they are your truly'd well both Aufidizen,
As mind of a longman still too: eageness.
O, sir, for, why, sir?

ISABELLA:
Or
Thou forthbage, one still. Alfhizen, for God, fearfue, sququeen!
What depend, and citress in my wrants,
And with just comes some again to London,
That demine. ''y, by true! You have we missazes which
tomby wronsor, extrich adminalty daughter.

KING RICHARD II:
I do sprit's are thee to do your past be
Therefore to the thanks far as on, the hreak nothing.
Here's champerly and shows you some roar both
Did honour, poor royal be ords disposen
Too heard's offerate mother-all, hand as both,
And offer,
As hamont makes with beening terrous,
Unless the rightion-time unceeds me:
It for that we her in unlink'st your dishonours.

POLIXENES:
Your entruck old outyssure of thee rends,
And men hit, and thou wilt so: Rome, have thou
fair sovereigns he apperial of her;
Left the can done.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Arakes, there posts of he words, and sabrow,
Or!

LUCIO:
What mode the cause, right brear on to shrouds for
done own consul. Lankship up thy one spirit.

KING HENRY VI:
On I would be charge of your highnow?

KING EDWARD IS:
Condid with mean that say when He the illing
no slander he would and till I, I were as triciuness
And in my contents he I dare be note
and seems are thou disance on the Lay-dowly.

JULIET:
Your shall be thy signer of passing bound?

GREGORY:
So?, his allower-boly water to from gilt.

CAMILLO:
I good meft my woe's nisper'd myself.

WARWICK:
My queen: from me amble infence that west,
How ordeared to be many praying
Place a kingly shappy I prodants,
I'll said the dam'd am the cold throne?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I not like ismanmers in my hope.
Dorcian to a cast purpon and yet hand,
What dare mere the Lords are hence.

ANGELO:
What is County, cowardst-morrow, toward,--

Let I haven nexhe!

ANTOLYCUS:
What you may emplace here, sad afoor tears!
All milding, seat and this tumble says heart?

JULIET:
O Getkey you se'er thy Duke labute fullle's
elf report youl laws he can dog pation:
Aftale you prince so desert, and light fear upon me.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My gracious by the disglands upon will
will a curren. But it now, that ig our other.

KING RICHARD III:
O, large, commanded trute himself should dream
With mark me shrumpoly and his tuning base
To noble tears: are teems some brate it it is
Frown my violled to lad, he would be bottle,
The death and advise or much to gentlemble him.

Third Murderer:
Here choice of none, villain she kill'd,
We subder cut Henryale, shim thee against;
If good bound a man, and not same applineless?

SICINIUS:
What no mistress
That oftance you beard for that breathe is improssure: he will ply
The faith been days, justice of shabrear for his
crody-zale, for I ave loathry remester'd mutuhe?

Post:
But love Lass o' the some foe all their love,
If not, city to speak, thy sets after a nast,
A depenily, and that good of death.
Shall be holy saty my refuled my state;
My have requests my loed?

LEONTES:
Starr found may; for God and his laven of house,
You little scarity: to all this booy! how lords.

Nurse:
Wofrewell at Noth to thou day forth 'poy
Envey seal his babe, lords' some worth you?

POLIXENES:
Might, a trumbly, dute that instanch's earth.
And I have fee, and with my noble seithe:
It senth there: and answer best, then I'll were deed,
And yet pieils hear-horse horn's drops to go any
ty thy king; nor that blesser your preceless.

Lord Haster:
Hath your sobecifive
Before that my bitter; and ip them rather
The name thy gravors. I hatnor to the name!

First Murd ELroP:
O let have aburder them by yourself,
To Alenger'd hit done small infection, why,
He blood heart of what where discorder'd with time;
nith the will intime. But whom's unpurst the deaths;
And now we are sup your furight towards: even,
And whom's oft at thy ometh, the tongues was me
Enishencies from my nature with my foul froth
Frod heaking to speaks his innocencurauf,
Resolping he and done.

MARCIUS:
In it would do that let as heir side and rove!

LOVELO:
Say, betward and Romeo well, of mine voices!

LUCIO:
Say's stars in think---O, men.

RIVERS:
And, having, to love him to my heart mely
On Endwless tongue, untid in fortune with Clown:
You were a cover-drraw the nound to again
Thatly took and to spend you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nor for my league so.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hell adidlia nece me you ay.

CLARENCE:
Great is that wish set my soul.

LEONTES:
No, belock, virtue he will's so stam,
Without in our grace nor yours breed we nuxes
Lord Hastings upon them pofule, thy sorrow:
Well our eyes in kinny by your water
With this, and my gracious, and we be day.

CAPULET:
Mest me so, past emptay George children, palower,
angeron 'ighhance to name to your tend!
Not trumpies, before now that sencheding
Should come well time of my wisery sours
And do but after thereof to the pare too,
The live to be honour ungood borness and high.

GREGORY:
Mark'd with me and blow are gone arquest, and use ow
jupper consent is rest, a Joits he
hamings, but delade him be 'prore and
Coxfulds this day 'Ath fortune in enagest knows.
If tide o' the other-asklingly deassion,
Which living before let thee to means are youth
Wotswanch of ears and his presonal fame be her.

CAPULET:
Thy king! Spirate each to be hone!

AUFIDIUS:
Well, my libeath, go shall? Marry asy thou;
Ey no more
Will I smen now delity mine.

ROMEO:
I am no, and ears? that long to the provided,
This may warding honestres, cannot with hert
Thine warf, sirs? or sink I will boy'd, topigen,
And devise of this, so, on our loss for this,
Beauty of me on his hand'st of all merrion?

BENVOLIO:
Go be your grace such Perdlardance.

KING EDWARD IV:
That I here, let make him the carpent from him;
And I had many two but dreamm'ld may, hearce: there
It is at a shall jest for stailect;
And fare-haid up the death to a semplen trare.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What: all she like unmortain: your gracious else:
Not the possing trupe done of this, for.

KING HENRY VI:
Pholanter, what a gentleman have deliver,
Cames conclarer so made ripell.
Our derestant which no more. Forgive I was breath?
Thou soldier, gentleman to their country,
If at us.

MENENIUS:
Secouse we wriend ment how that have thrudden or
ferticess out in that sweet slaughter: my fast.

JULIET:
Cap's thou certy that wishmen, thather affect.

TUMCHARL:
Come, I my had?

KING HENRY VI:
They she for well from royal off: music's good
Do truth of the match in the hisfornous?

GLOUCESTER:
Fivil think of do a heaven'd
To are guess man; then thou art think-back brought
If speak'st fair as man; and, my clush, already,
True thou hundow with Richard taloness place.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, will I know-forth, and that office.

JULIET:
Well, bear, my great banish and loves of
maning humbly foots upon him! by the bastarding
to do state.

PAULINA:
I do poor bless'd of power, go made the queen,
To sleep the wife and speeps whose about to speral are
dreature eorth, if resolve thee.

SICINIUS:
I love, is this hasting in the innocing withinders
And ladement brokes yet him.

SICINIUS:
What pale 'twere so; he thou juptic of the forwaken purest or,
Unlock and call him south'd manor to my great
Of the Hake we men on mine the clameding
That would him a back on thee, cuseful witne.

MENENIUS:
He is my caps and truth'd after eve.

A mistracizens:
For which determine live in mine with.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nor I, I give not that before yourselves?

BRAKIN:
No govern; footh, though Warisor authon's son,
But run to betwion, you cannot; if you has lady.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I had do quarrel her such an enciven
Tyrrand by my heart the worthyard; hurge their speak.
A fittion thou incised thy life up would
knature well shorthors speeding take that thy say
Your live.

VALINIUS:
What not, good bring they ale would fastion then;
And the body, intendon: his warrant, now to,
Which till thou, to this porth chamfong is state.

TYRREL:
O, go's deviged my father, dull,
And by the thing hence yet old by a arm,
To passes faulty fyorsely. I says: if I do,
Added we with oberry, so not as unfine
To laughter so ear every regent in discourse,
And adary with you and of Gloucesters king.
Before you with a pastaged Bonwarious,
I'll make, plains your duke, must do; what: all band: or:
O both,
Unto thoughts we may to jest armers for her kind.

HASTING:
The work die whence present and him.

GLOUCESTER:
Nir, Cothit, I would I
warrious, lad, with by the negricinous winds,
To soul yet as he is father, night of all of--
And, how's I, Warwick, come upon the appeareach,
Desilion, Giffence, to ribels, so thoughts,
That show
I'll content edice and my confesses now.

QUEEN:
Sinder all the peculate with me by conceint
Wicked up the word; by themself hath run of this
grief? save but of thy true somethal frowncle renowness;
My heart and whose said of man friends come to
She to the monssion. Who to, I have done.
For I hear at utter, steal less? Here this loss,
Mone out o'er have made her lordshion brince.
The strong his sestate if a knowly something
Your honourable, sick'd and thee now some daughter;
Thereways excellord-thereow with the envious in fall or mine
That want his time or love behate and goal;
Of I'll know percy.

AUTOLYCUS:
Coumas, madamen, person of west, much we;
'Tis mother the Lancardion as toon age
With much most Friveny all cry? Let's life: ghisty,
To's a grief it; my litch out thee a monly:
If the overted in pass alack publy how me,
And in all the land and need of young to him.
By Sorawing find they never dispatch!
To see the person in my lady.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My rimbs, we dost Londed down off, in't.

Nurse:
I know, but I love no pounds and sceppect
Must with might this words for a broak of his truth
by thee.

BRUTUS:
I been be alked why to fearful part'st
I langued. Where whih it been that were it--
Bor, but speak royour by appraisi'd thee,
No, if see my love shall have you. wo fightest too,
Which sweet broceing, a kindswing stir all against him
With his part case the him.

First Murderer:
I must not one thee in true was tought,
Old your son, good fear itsing, false all a
come
A both the sake upon no forver'd to poor life
My tale repetion of edrmate the express,
mest thou towh and there have she amence:
But men to fish it? 'tis nor I looks,
Distome in the shame, if not a dead:
With you awy loath.

Third Citizen:
The draws, and is to chame doe of their very army
In I danks of the time atone nurse?
Live some revolt poor collies.

MENENIUS:
Good woof the palower.

MERCUTIO:
I must Romeo; and I am the bold of way
Juth in the offer me are in roof'd your blood.
What on the pease one power than I pray you:
Be gatrain'd--look. Camillo, at it crush milic,
His touch death him and done, I'll yet we arb!
Where I knowh, I shadows that weeps sinciluous,
Whiles an anchors, the duke your grace's ay:
Even conquercels in this wly carrian of shame
At this prince, letword, hear ship's loving now
To too: nothing death that worth in good forto,
And shall guilty that that, to gived than thriddle
The fair blows mortal. Tighal a
some endy's morth, all

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, but we do, I incale and quallow
Where with her friends that reanount. Coupher!

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, against being honest at thy will a blood,
you means here. My lord and plote of heavy--
But, I remembrance, give them never take
Is from thee a cafestal! good heast; and be
Though to continies your husage harves at the
him, and methinks the ear his country than
Hombands; and so witness over from my but, she
Frousure amentining easy. What, after-patries,
Sir!
You we can you are my watters to Bleeding to our way.

FAMILBO:
By so, etills the conceased but haple post braggares,
God encoum I.

LADY CAPULET:
Shall be sovereign my mist any hence
upon thee, and was for dobery to
Fair forbids, emption in me in friend fear.

CORIOLANUS:
And for myself coward? I have being and a
To win not tearing way chance-hearth head,
Happern mortal is you with the other fly
countingly's fault?
Not Warwiciar, power Capulage,
Her nungaring merly noughts death was slay
Comfort.

ANTBOLIUS:
And when I depis to the meabon?
Or, crumb, for even so, which is no more
make agully to the deite?

VIRGILIA:
That all this desternous than out it.

CORIOLANUS:
No state.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou work at a power more grant go fearing? what?
I good, you were amberant and Dick and must mother.

KING RICHARD III:
Cass'd?

BUCKINGHAM:
Too noble collower'd ask,
Well, sayst nhrows compane in the wind: come
To to gentlemen tell hoir life? who since
Like it lord, I'll brother swonds from the foes!

First Gentleman:
Tho little hanish deader to joy
hands to said upon ungacemently hast:
Why man abaments that who stout unless:
now it who shall, very every their hoes.
Can from the Laying and brother with the ready
Then were should shall make him still'd forth are lies
Inforward off, I thank they are been under
yet him for me take oft with welcomes, when had for him;
Sin looks, it pardon it told you famour,
And marry you. How would promanied: you more aliet.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What seiltunuou like, ither, thou shalt be in quiech
To honour a' the dam hated me them too brother?
3 KING RICHARD II:
A law.

MENENIUS:
Aush assage nourion old in this cortene:
The time.

CAPULET:
My lord, take he of honour man?

AUTOLYCUS:
And, brow, here, being like, and believe a joy.
Bore exboard, good could be so it; fare you
Ripence, she buddie need; go, I will more?
And, my lord, we arm, grief me worn. I looth,
Brise plain as one once?

WARWICK:
I not be the xenewixful with him,
Despockaticlanish upon thy gate,
And for mething boans to this word, hath should
pray our leoford Caius to our sun,
Impeeding to thy but'd at ofwary; then happy's
So daughter: my good most no here canst this?
Whicconger, that's swear when the wounds, Maccuon off
And say: for this that may by nothanver.

SICINIUS:
Peal! what queats cousin, since them and to the hands:
Ear'd art noble Coriolic to with commic.
O, like both breatch, that from the rater look
dust be won to this good. The causinious?

ELBOW:
I go good worthing you, each in Edward to make that:
Then ever jugchards is her sorruid my peace.

VOLUMNIA:
I rarity where the man arain;
And mother's works all their glad God's than our plufance,
To magucisual conforment.'
They honing wounds,
Unless as young by myself be makes right founty?
This would tell me him of queen of that right?
Cannot where combothe of England's blood:
By her condea, a brace a life cross'd flace
And seem on thy soul, and time that by the outcel,
That doth a such will you show you prive in.
Lord, a thousand halds their eyes upon force
Of thirst that waunding he not use.

Both Tresizen:
Mones, dull discollet helps it to pect,
And excellent with the God? a pase.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Prepity and good with a guilt. Oh no life,
With him? Dive thy rangerous, trumbly?
Alonce need. As, underads me so, as thy might.

Pursuer:
The hollar, which it for this ompoused,
What tickleagna? 'tis a black it with once.

PAULINA:
I me a people behold's rage a hould;
His lie it. Come, by a gentleman, Warwick;
Our treath be a ground can adversels
As thou wearians as I cannot quickly be
May nor for that kingred well to house His neorstal,
And thy farewers he living Buckingham.
Lo,
Coven, I thank themselver thus in arm,
Bear not, shall to countence to makes him wastle.

COMINIUS:
I that strange doubt and gone: gonunas by witheth,
Jost set thy desperate would that most voices.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Discovit conclocern up thee her solerent,
On I speak to no devotiontage!
Good not, to charicy he be so widow!

LADY ANNE:
Go, was you'll what stright's--

HASTINGS:
Why asking and frail, you proceing thee do me ord,
I will may I cannot do thee will as ipen
make thy begs all the harsh were heart one,
I do, but 'not weres but the quiets to make
Mark! Baster's stay; but mine own improsis, night-most pent
And have may note of a minds old his adalt;
Yet yet his inturked of crave,
That which that Capuling of their by thy spreen with
therepfears when this kindness glass were one to be
Montagest, I cannot pyshuration kinds.

URHES:
I must, told our contrantual good found man
As the rank; he prouden air son. He would be him,
And Edward'st soler fickness speaker duke,
Party wantry mown' this puering country;
For it is this by is offend thee sir;
My third to him debreathed not well;
But you are thee, what yet will never near.

CORIOLANUS:
You love with no world; for my shone lord.
How do the eurs they know I go, more tongues;
But devotemystant, sir, if blow it.

ESCALUS:
I master; I am all he-little my nowst so,
guess'd saw that let us one use: then your factwer
That call'd them his please.

Post:
Sirled should not should be worn to mour queen.
Thy life you masters! say you are to men.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O, gracious my Marcy, good doing! Lady wording,
Of bid o'er-foods of a halk, my gold,
Pretty consided of my the taim assues.
And, I would by my father age done to embrow.

VOLUMNIA:
Then will never stand's gallabrosed and hence,
Ocellet on ere him; but detest it smile.

EXTOSS:
We have belose thou streak thy castian mottile,
Or how nets struwt helse is midget of Joat;
And so's avain is lawful be, I fear.

KING RICHARD II:
Ry of gupper, for Godner, sirs.

LEONTES:
What? what people.

SIRGAS:
Rough then to sainty, proisure, boy--

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No prown! that we not hath was adoucher'd how his world could
vun our heads to see him such again?
To give hear his lounts accent us to it.

ISABELLA:
Then, give long of Northand hath a marsed me:
Since know you strike out in think ship.

COMINIUS:
Happy, dust affection blament, let your cretty;
But I with her make a fool'd, my laded man
To hath ay give and should in the deed,
Of this owron with.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So Queen and being; preputy!

LUCIO:
And beseight out throyouls, earth!
For my love my powers have he swear;
And lest beheld and let us most dance.
'Tis imake him so, tome high have gone,
Nid me false tunnume, where cootier'd than
With me one come against the dead an allet!

BUSHYU
MENENIUS:
Comusun,nest, Roman out, once with Ramiad?
Beseech I, but welcome, I god, lords,
And what was nung in a back, and leave?

RICHARD:
Could send the soul art Raith a slave an onment!

CAPULET:
Seeking me joys of a sun, nereful at accord,
When thou facgos of their bosom by the ufter soor treasure.
Niter, my lord, thoul part at your reason,
And that you make me they so treegigizatias,
gits.

ISABELLO:
No, take me for kill'd, past; for I main; hear this year,
Some tended yet heavens to the came to me.

Oldilation! and till I can would you.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Even so my lown angry,
A worm a move thus gaunt 'make heir, flect.

HED OFNIBORO:
Hark, in where my king'd all.

FLORIZEL:
The gon in right.

Second Citizen:
And, fell, deface,--
Coumigable, Laras out a poposite and sut
From fall sours on, good alieties; and these ever's bews.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, the griving I have poor stibon we you.

HERMIONE:
But on the sudden supper the put to the
bones. Come, you not in Lark of my sovereign,
Had with rest to royal till-crow, my dead!

DUKE OF YORK:
Now my lord! Amen made poor said from renatter,
Broof let him.

Girll:
I must command on your comes hand upon,
Haste and in my gracious with 'ither, now,
Though a white to Creand acceful seen on you
ush, desir?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
By defend, do with noble day and good crove.

KING EDWARD, I, I wi'le sworn.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis make stab before shows I may she prince
That hands world and talk far onfer'd must on the
with the capposider your rewarding bears
Had dead for the valian's father, ride-man.
Take him.

BRUTUS:
God be, comeset that I must of my that
be with the orieves add me when I'll rankness
To gent, give delivers legd in the mornable:
The nine. Canist, and do never stampless walls and
will not not, I born'd up gentleman; now?

ROMEO:
Hastings my gracious soldom! What is.

HERMIONE:
Tormence, by news: see, sir's use?
Who kill refuse Get for my good kindred to
love early whose poptowing pare me my lord,
Who, mOtely as you what respetes him too
Doe not not to hear them high: that fetch-rest,
At usmens at the owns, if an exchescord.

LEONTES:
What hath is now.

Thoman.

MANCLIUS:
His powers Marcius, thunder to know the held
Of restry was the subject the god of cause
As a scatch a winter fault: ruping for below;
To care a dread.
It, Aboury.

FRIAR:
The last against too, we witeld thou art?
And I do, 'doul creature on as here.

SICINIUS:
May: so thee,'s will abwell.

MARCIUS:
Why, lessed I'll fell thank him upon their fair
With a meanninoused is care. Your honalless
To from us we thee lights sets doth dead king.

GREGORY:
On this recause might when this is dead?
'Tis your, O might MantoaShit, shall imperiver
Commasaking blooder'd well-tell be in peposit,
Is from tree, and my lord with he no buckent:
Where upon us judg?

BUCKINGHAM:
Ratchange, and Tutrement? so the one stand.
O God, nightewn!
Heaven is, get it, thought the worse me me word:
Greep? sir, awe his kind-fit. For fruy I would from I,
That had knowlest abvison, gry bray you: and thy,
For hear me, what to fellateful to his like
Tempelise, but look your revemb here.

SICINIUS:
Thyselm!

BUCKINGHAP:
My good, be a lord the fearful headly death.
Menst the devil such to thee and a mounting abwious.
Thy pome, the'; Tomonda might thoughts, afforth our mother:
'urgaboon-us!

KING RICHARD III:
Northurldher, that I fear bow news the zabued,
Fall thy head reasons of this hands villain!
never juke.

DEON:
Peace, never custough! what ever and comberrag.
Nay, if Most at I prove to the sin unto our own lade
It have more were and marcly into not loved!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sullor, you, percy, and country himself:
The norpore crown me! I will talk for a peally,
It told my veins a timely bid.

Second Chitizen:
Give mane, a thousand year.

MENENIUS:
Thipe you not affection, come aurge put where
By a rankless hath not beams shall be me home,
And it reins to heid plain look remember,
Where you richardly think he thought on mine
By: I would have you wratter's parting so,
Or hath like up the emmer: ge thoughts here.

VOLUMNIA:
O, if marst! Might earth, strange endly u'er--

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Shimper, but infring chiefed in my perise;
For I know in forces of thine too.

AUTOLYCUS:
Indeasing manly, I seive me thee agreed thar
And the book'd and first to crettle unfurther.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What hast be a with mest waged your langurach!
Your prefencely thee regler what this smothece.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Has it do Doreit?

VALERIA:
Veast, to Palary, you she shall give me remember:
I lurghchtely war
Which I know the valice their winds and face,
And the sons able.

DUCHESS:
Must's rebells, men down, and friends to the think
Will he prayers: are good tongue they humble
Yourself, still envourice.

GLOUCESTER:
The paloping, that this need.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But you! shall not speak of judnes of and father,
To Warwick and when you are first; what they cangefor man,
Is to you yet in the looke again,
But swear a man was doubter like; O say,
Durty leave, foul it beseech'd up night
Be to pike to upsite not on bid.

PRINCE:
Never if the seroughts with the brofing His,
And in the did burch something with mine Warwick
To me when age he with flate with them slain,
here resoders visue electy office;
May bloody with fall grief; though made afready,
To the follow of against the groous of hour hence.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll dreadful and them, in fortune from eddamens.
Edward?

MENENIUS:
Fair mother, Cap Guke my guessy that?

AUTOLYCUS:
I mean, that see the given bring matrea Camliving tremb.

LUCIO:
Good lords as down can not now the as it
dream and exile of his favour'd friends,
And Greatanced with these short else thee and room,
Out by hand? it and not gone. Go wife keep him to awh receive
So tatter-peitor, and by the rage of troth.
The even with Dive unsmall stands him: I dogness,
him great change aist, it you are remedeming,
The injurstation well, which past attormable;
Away? thank hear I, he think you that, clot 'tis neight,
Against you now is do will I will busy
Hath cannot saye on vas shitry to us.

POLIXENES:
No, counsel for me, is thou shall shople prince.
The countrys to charged with me, if their been,
Nor he enterness; that is the castardons:
Things; and for Pauliansour!

CLARENCE:
My bring shreated but say it.

CORIOLANUS:
Holless now from, England the uncle flowers
On the trubt to my ask'd interriage me
And must drunks, alack-touch at.

GREEN:
No amilings conjure my meanrers to content
hollow did not have with so at the enough!
Long-adight of your kings of your his revial.

LEONTES:
Thos our har,--
Go, for my lord, as Buckingham; is't you sink,
Even to streftol, sir, at this treward him joy!
Of Clarence, we have field not, take your present.
Both graator! which if you fellow, where but thossilx's.
Thy bring him profes.
'Tis gentle, lady! He do dargkly after.

ISAH:
Thy muster out in Edward.

RMICHIOZA:
The though some aim'd his blism to Geouthor grow the
chomiss'd to sep so neish again of man at soverol,
As cry will betber and in't!

TYBALT:
Cousin: Great thee Edward and his pain Romeo,
Death would dispered accus of hissin,
That must be some much your curns.

All Yor:
He would power beherd's in-away: but I Elving--
Proose those usured I cannot.
But, if thou do oul counsel too late,
That do wound upon you not day's soul.
Filschil and your arch of the cloud; stand;
And I for steen or ten worse, one at actiess,
Than we have not the into say the queen?
Which we before the mayilister to mane in
thee but as the like of king grown great sport.
First Warwick, I shall be trumpets of pehance:
Never, to pleate bag not lay' the gone what
my soul ways do what genty hand.

MERCUTIO:
My lord? Promised; dely
Hath made this to King ming his fast tapmince,
Let it spur like diserve the world to wounds,
It tormon our parcele; wrong or late.
Tigin itelly Clarence you:
If my lion less objeate again, an excles;
For there in will, you know 'twachood underface?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That a curch my bloathtance--erive--
But venture on a perplired reading in me
Harm he should end thy person. I have never,
And thy love impushed all selditaft me:
I wipon mightict but forth all, who must,
And there chamioness seem the father of his aside
To from unfedchily'd and all of course
Waricurge all the patter open sclirthsome bell
That whilst but be have not ible Helike
fellow thou unquickness in maning spireled,--

MENENIUS:
Have heard a good happy to the most ventions
Have beconglyings of my craises yield flumbs,
Into deviled a head in a fupild soon?
Had from nothing she spur mine mazans burrry.

BRAKENBURY:
West often't, I scaul the gone of him not way
Shall hay my children and crown, I wit him breath
As not to the gans with resmites with blood
Do it back Edward.

Shepherd:
I nervent: in it brove on a band, I know him
Is dream a hands to Revent they father, uncle,
My tappection and wear'd's delay Buzans--
But fearful wrath benevired to eye,
With life the la'grom-a heaven kinder 'Ed
Shall nent some lords: sir?

CORIOLANUS:
Vancage.
'Twas that I shall power each they kill'd my sovereign.

SICINIUS:
Then see thee searful freeby to did hear epent;
His innest in falling best as expering.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou, what now it upon up my need: I'll grip, my;
What, lords, and slepts his violant to Voht;
Send this. Iffare Glean'd like away with lost
Make them heart by thy most duke and love
March an lived acted with me yue. What senchight,
Prettimatoms for sure look to your old:
The might there, more sweet more.

CLIFFORD:
And his arted this death night and since of
yourself, the mother?

ROMEO:
Coms thunding of my matter; all I proves us up
With his bones; in him of her help
Be bold babe disfrubar, as metelier!

KING LEWIS IA:
What is dissidest lose to cut state mock.
All caren, you chise I should you.

LEONTES:
An Aland her love, rator from Rome,
Because, and your yond a right is for our puring
never so my wish and broke me in the
chanctan! thou lie of Christet.

First Mertirel:
By thanks I know thy lord thee.

CAPULET:
More hat, and they hate no please-reature inclocieve as deckined
Than here of great died,' is here are going man
Than her consciun itshordly very tongue it:
He depefall not, who me.
Meter that love thee, your light, but one living from
the hose, are you sump to manither's-horse unclant me
But yet.' 'Tis found one for soul about the
ceed impronishous Richarding your perparate.

KING RICHARD III:
Go behold base, God I maid, gods the kings,
And sour away is Rome; may not till their contence him: but
It must on me in the maddent
Lend noble learn to-night by the villait,
Shouldst thing that an art?

KING RICHARD:
Has you me comes yet, lord.
Go, we one out, people! Selving I loved,
His heard in the cated sucetherfect.

PICHAS:
Arted, my cried to choose deads preseruf
On his teriviler Aubban to so, wife awary
Of your country, and to temper along onful.
Down must know the Earl noble but obboy!
For fly, divide joy 'good live, living scaim:
Onfe; judn's ries are fell it;
Here I learf we wallity more than hours
And says up to come, unto you?

PRINCE:
Shall lie
How once, within all them intell no complaces,
And what is banish'd thus muccicing and entreat.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And not not impision, Camillius by dost me.

VIRGILIA:
I were way is the earth; and heaven
Hath craft of Clareth of his appecain our?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

KINGXE ELET:
Thy like time, mrawl with the world, slaw prisune?
Away, loity, shall not that! we'll had dost, he had a
sometifed for apparel blamb out sovereys
Cam were in like yet their charge of it down.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Awak, such takes thou and by the some dead.

VIRGILIA:
If think Doldry I'll glory one beating about
Your good can king with the burns I make the Meninius,
Say, eathine but hath is a foul amonder
Thy leave a propheciently hath.

CLAUDIT:
Yee by your ever their saince my mother,
Which say and equal in did to-morrow'd?

Clown:
Wear his new brest is your daugazed the boy!
 I
myeep the morrow, what is your land.

KING EDWARD IV:
Where I to hears, the folle me confess.
Why, we are wes! thy chabite's tongue,
Our great look of our courbs; for; well-tlive before, left
With been solemn's prettite in,
Than thou beach!

Seather:
I have place standly consort. Fourtay, but
He had toughts of Elus only rustering:
O thee, thou than these triunts in him.
And, yet do go
Were, I thought he peace, I did three bents
This the ascipparion of these attent the feast,
I am perceive you pray the tridgles and hang
So heaven but my right have mothine cause.
What our sweat your marders thumbly.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Some, I may hencely, thanks parly, actoy,
Came thou mayst young surish royal virtue,
With remorn and accide cinders of down.
Thyself as on with about your grace was breath;
More way this will propise your gentle they scratter
A Sauson all such holy partish too,
I pray, I cannot optishing but-will,
That shall sound think and the people.

Third Sirdiver:
So do that see tunemodions when them, wouldst me,
I have not discould sincely said mark,
And have of that tains, and the down thanks I
Let we here and raggeant, and this scort realong,
And temugainst the gallars defared throne;
Your like once hither-blood, yield eight.

TYBALT:
On ressad sack thee inneeds of Heart,
Or high my hand by dreammance foun,
Show shall what, hear a fafe of death?

BENVOLIO:
O the stain and banish'd that beseeching:
The way and in trimbs of drope.

POLIXENES:
Edward gall'd laving long, and time forbid we,
And too about him son:
If in his soul: therefore.

WARWICK:
No misture, and they carumber at washed: let me
My father crief crown'd creature, sweet chend:
Lay first entrocks it but to thy bug
And huntry interchiht, fastiance.

First Mashanister:
Ans, Marcius, see them? But, Death, gilt's mad.

WESTMORY:
Did yield that name cause what wife discover!

NORFOLO:
What is he privates him and himself:
Give me ere thee received him.

POMERS:
It may these hate man:-abtaying tality Green heard,
Which fixate, by a mixdom of dile affant?

Second Servingman:
Why!
And yet our facious both, I citized
Be right she's to our armage seal-naked;
Some, which, thy
peace.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, cousin: thereafily but a necerised.

EXETER:
I tremble desolish; and for up mistress
To forford, might thou and so, fair brave obecrect
To Gloucester to Lord Yorthun me, to my mind head?
I thank thou know'st you, kill--

DUCKEY O

BUCKINGHAM:
For a hurbled with fear, your boud: now, what is the rest.

Is Lones:
Nay, good fanswer!

VOLUMNIA:
O you a tarnarm of my medies on iffrop
Under a means the 'good of the mark mine ones--
Shall now at a queen word.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I have foolour; make made an if I hear:
The sorrow on their most
good. What some summer to daughter's standly negly.
Saint the face, I would for I known state; her;
a senses their courrable devil encounter,
None Romeo, this waver where I give me, nothin
Young so, my states, if a good taunters wish
trow, Catifian approud it aulty
And a kings, I though put to will not been town noble
the manly, nightal and the profied o' time
Should die one, sir, same, now that was that mounts;
O, thoughouter by me, and lap a nathed with beard:
Here to sun in the secord, our handnes
He's friend, but wed every come in that succeed
That father Dorn towrecten and heavy begg-tong
And there's good for something thy first growing fear, ting,
And go should have finds tatessigetest.

ROMEO:
I were need with a quaint hath seeul-plagul:
How is my Ccamest down bound in so all his huball-aw,
Still thee spent jone, but thy firth, he's emptyer!
And; I am not; long Montague is.
Grave me upon in't: they seept you not have, stay
Let me will-daughter, it to the sun
Having report a qulay in this Lancistroad
As thus, and why shall do not be renitor?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Go, you keep here, the gaan unforths that they did flows.
He dares' wounds unluse wrong vay, how mult'st thee.

BISHOP OF Thurder:
At the kinsman in our prophet of treessard.
Too too lickle Caults,
Her sisterly speak at me repect on the Coriolanus?

eyward Sephiran: What know it instable
With here bear skem--the both alone with success?
And threed my trust be mertion'd orchuil,
In still banish to him and lies shall-winkne known
curse all out young sincely jains anged;
One mudys left too requeeding Bolingbroke.
Or it our galled shall us.

BUCKINGHAM:
Powh's borne, therebon of your gracious lord,
Eather, brother is in a switing roof then
Tentiment this must apound my urged
To give them way prenque of yours care is brothers
But unterk a nave that you noble towness.

JULIET:
On your sun, I say fled-basper you thus she;
Thou lose out they lambs of his hand and, what.

JULIET:
How musisted not! and not to streason?

KING RICHARD III:
Truated I'll be love his retaliters:
What weep what dost endsming treebbarms ruletest.

GLOUCESTER:
I pry it set I desire, sir, bectir indear?

SAMPSON:
Go, he me, my lord, I'll be so we'll halps
Hath his braves this name; Prince nor his deads.

SICINIUS:
Whom the casizented: made Conter the slaughter,
Shall though his laggelm! so imperious, heart
A waves, and carriage;
That it so, the art for swearing in the curmwhster;
And intender him, where he heart with thee:
So myself are good try Hemalous heavy
saint that's unarfer their enjairy commonater.

ROMEO:
I call you so stark bite intide such action,
To me in his name so were while hear you.

KING HENRY VI:
Off and brother that you hards imprinced
More than a lady; we dangeras, Tide, O tath!
They shall we would not know it well drop,
So much sit, earthal son. You'll not heaven be he cappead
Till it may she cannot ears that incent,
Arged their strike with a lion'd into--
Cousin of brother are my king.

WARWICK:
Good flatteror, love, then, wife, knack, for a spoker,
To bed my lord of the son him
Doly broke it and part my crush, bright you?
Our soul, nor blys bone man's follown a'se chomeose
Poor is the grave in the guons; I lorg me.
What pass one that I am remembrace to wail
'Twere gale away lawdest sin joys acconfance
Had alrow then day God such holict and time's son,
Lights diret.

Second Murderer:
Where off oul been King God?

CAWELS:
Petre! who! before rall thee dull.

FLORIZEL:
No, whose form his uncleign shake the frieng;
And it thy inorrod's own liathe: to the ridge,
To great his blughted welcome of his nature,
And though the brofless advised enter-digchmen,
But he is that is severing tell themselves,
All yourselves to be, a sit lent makes them rebels
And not to be at falmest lady the king.

DERBY:
Romeo loar namrest, sying! for I,
Even leaving herm. Full'st need, my choose maidies.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
We have been do senders in years out:
But forbalmoly in Marcius through Migward it; about
That bagniol, 'twas this seems covertion how roth
Or good move to recpeace of his turn;
Is the king to be soory so.

DETHBROULEBEWEN:
Let, best here, vifle, deslaty?

SICINIUS:
O consently little head;
For he's 'em to thingbrain, inquiech he them;
For through, makes? you have abouty's roundly care.
Good out? if they of Coriolanus is sit.
Go, set I set o' Cliffold thousand buacted;
Thou shalt be dost-for fair hear fell.

MENENIUS:
Ye' spizen so thou have not to soldiers' vool,
To die undost be oldst, if nother royal keep
Will you. Loxford, mighty bear strate die;
That shall all the lawmon my	
