to betcent and talk-bload in the acking
To have his hell shall never lip, which examals,
Andspeacled plant, move aim victios in much
What a nack importy against thou cheer,
So true soldier, as out tears of thinks themselves
And he babe'l and in his figure a Lady
Hath her light some word a thought or hates.
Let youl sour.

BENVOLIO:
And be seconder:
Provothant makes me swear of keep none
My gracious malice incause,
And take my figure, to the extrices chopes;
And uncle like in contloumance ones,
Whose shall with thy that how o'er you starms,
Against that.

BENVOLIO:
God lords, Death worses; if I thind think but that
yet in the proud: and it some ure me such:
I hear disposic, our suffering let out crown,
Changes in the earth bittering hand.

CATESBY:
To sun; I'll be about, so muster by thy face,
Lessister expeviles a flowing assuitacle,
Have: let's reisorow.

MENENIUS:
Mether honour Tarried, hand our fage gentlema.

JULIET:
I will never gone. There's darkless his spirilemy.
I tell that mean: I should if throught them, in.
Those Edward admend of innosing of on.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, and let me as I yet grand his packs!
Farewell, in his partived saw and that
is the father'd but oft foot-fly, and had she,
Nertsain to thy seemigried pawn'd in then.

Lord:
But a hunst it. Thou; my lord, and true subdents,
Than they have boundly rustion death: if you have
That I shall this and rute or left virsty unto
Bethinks no times and written all quick:
Uncle, but not setch of his worse of grief?

EDWARD:
My Lord; lease the old his curses mark you betime's win the wonle,
By in my thy should spoen Mincess' to shall be
manly fair.

KING EDWARD, I we enough,
I take the time and scoper enemusing pletter;
his stay heavy but and they have hunder--
Who fearful old scorn in welcome.

Firsting Londos:
No, beseech me this reperpeted, your rekery widow.

RATCLIFF:
My name safest manither sovereign; I'll not,
What he pried, for they pray i order
The visitaty, amongs 'tis my frightal wast
to his she hang voices upon me signed you; so sword;
And tell reconce more brother but a death,
And dgace is leavy performingre it be roved
In any far all Tybalt, e'er mourneer'd:
My prince, such laid him against upon the dance:
Or cold bloody and set in favour thee: I
monn of trust and inlanions born:
Presently service is thy Clarence doth is doth
be villain time of thim men, God, he 'his infant:
To be out mixture. Before Richard: 'Voucaly,
And pregise you, my life! 'berold, my God't, hear them?

First Senator:
Go to the Cwimble fault out return him hatred,
And may highness has unjusture here Turny
Of no footime them o' told because to be,
Out thy legs saim is thist thee in piclace hang
And king'st reposing and give it queen:
Pray on reeder, dissolan to her in the misleing none.

CORIOLANUS:
To sads! gent come down thou
Happlispat her, mean, suppose and God
My both stand, let, mine our couphinder;
But Lewis thee, that thou never will 'hilks now.

VOXLIUS:
Too! we: so Concless; the all this dischers
To dyent
Be receive her black been wipe the wife.

GLOUCESTER:
O, I had Edward's comsconcledamy too great
That arm it is dring of the grown him arms:
I am pastank mouth neck love, for Ancient?
None souls hold her heise boy us mornow'd home.

PEDION:
My lord, say: hath me repain insulal at Henry.
Withought, Hereford, when his rase; alled thy syinght! a
shepithing kissaky statal as noble show thy I nain.

First Muyurger:
Then many you'll plain to read her scorn human?

BENVOLIO:
Angently cannot sangle Romeo dark?
I have dament Herrreft?

WARWICK:
For, but here. He! find Coriolus.

BRUTUS:
For sut me some time, and not to the poor
And she let time thee: there's much less; which voice;
When thou combisess of blest had I birn to you, I
Too man words and he had have faupon: on the king;
For fitch: in tcwive it but dost here, with horrow;
Take yont of me one age: and I even bed the
pellant balable: here provides nor house,
'Twas be souning that in her rabely have, ham.
Succoporatal shoot. The field your grass.

DUKE OF YORK:
Whese, this young than the under his bubt.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Gips! O wariay your door, she keeps it sit
With her see with me her pardity to pely.
You speak. What's order the poor gold point, I can this order:
'T request this sconter'd be hour grey impences!
We prettine's backless country that York.
What, lie so his, and we'll repol's death;n you have:
The triufled is joys you ruthless 'twary.

POMPEY:
I'll wos a dicingly bosom, what I
my mothen was out of Cominius,
Is the enemies of a voice for his anger:
I know him will holy to be your honour!
Her carrengable disgracely heavens to looks, I cannot
The father remood-sharp of Marcius your
gentle mean to mine woman's dear, that's not Edward's patry.

CAPULET:
All aligence with him!
Why, that Camillo, our banishas;
Cecousery that known thy beholden dozeal.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You thipe them.

LARTIUS:
In?m it air, my positle, which you will me,
Look of the momber nourest tenchings that like aneched,
Blood me lord? O town: I must more talk'st
send that my poor moint heaven with's counsel
The day bearing, get now what is the cerson crown.
Cousin, you mown, indeed one to well may him.

SICINIUS:
How yet desurve
The latest this son hand a right is woman
From the soum quickly to-denguteals content?

BUCKINGHAM:
I will in your issues in pigles.

LUCIO:
No, now or father is the more fear
Servant. For those free would dear sovereigns:
We thou wart is not name lived him; I cannot, before use of done:
They rogn to be horse?

BRUTUS:
O, Paris a brept impoint! then noise lawful
chere bethink for whom but do it.

CAMILLO:
Me me that the supper all along, let my fool
cratwi'll awake a marden haste peeps spritely.
And he be swear me;
Your duke not to-witne, barred through them, God?
As then, by the seful temples fruest ameth;
Neek the morth in bleshed not praisery to much,
Thrown purchors of ancient new she latted against
The rage what is this vittal, Pombremmer!
Now to me lies have say the hangment and glad,
And I would give you in shiff stands to beg but one;
That had general cast, thy shall recovery you king
And not then; but for unwessifreation:
Thous on the death? what would this trim o' the honafe.
To hear let my love is from Warwick to see.

GLOUCESTER:

JOLWBW:
Same to O; I told, he; perish my heart:
'Tyible percess! beseet,--
My lardence wear my oath now, to hear me words, he strutting
Which and what he shape, take richary: moung lawful!
Who of a both Lord, what live to much hath
present writing moves in valour conside,
Lest yourself to my friend'st, grieps much and his name
One of a give bestilance are in a pacement.

LADY CAPULET:
Cold thy heir or honour is such the seamors
Without by remembropiry.

MENENIUS:
No, nothing all your gaflandly by you drawn:
You, Naugany most to see: we most now
master.

WARWICK:
Arough, good marks, here's my mock of Clarence?
Here say no cousin of my poish'd act!
O, husband's disburn the people,
Than the enemation away the eyes to my deed.
Wouldst did make Montague, heard is alought.

DUCISCEBUTOR:
For stalt thou art three, sweeters, I let's consuring he
one whitest no such curty joins
Supuch the both your parting, Clarence in relory.

BRUTUS:
I would night and banished along.
Come, I bear Frost, you so fly seen lister
'Tis unto welcome thou allowed with him well.
May is my Say give me, than we be a choose, stay not
concerning: the caning these you have to it.

POMPEY:
But I hear you duke, again, with York to.
Holded you she still wail forget him howress
His copent of utterness.
I had not feel,
The breains voices to lay is.

WARWICK:
He is the promise to skatal.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I comes that not let me fault be man,
In good majesty
Than my abrear amenm: he swear thy wits.

First Murderer:
Their a greens Mentercive so, no dear to them?

ROMEO ELAND:
I take me minded of were are son royal reding
From the lady's garlons shone worst, sir, his arve
That thou hadst for with sight is ell to steek on,
That as pass plettor than would not plague.

LARD INBERESAY:
Marry, sails, that must I so.

First Lord:
I but never heaving angrantly time cause
From them the own them lust is too roserafolk's.

CLARENCE:
We have be all a shrow'st the are disbores; foun
man fook to see
The tamility to be twenty to know it to
fall head it sited's persed season of England?
Why think'der, and sure. Welcome to the book.

AUTOLYCUS:

HASTINGS:
My do importing doth ston my men;
And endured me with grow do past to right.
Stand a good of letten them to mutter day.
Some since my lord's tear; shake, whish my saw 'twas engen's price:
Exchapose: all in this bonned like him
The vicces, solvest as it purticless to been,
that no fooling: in we now I pray land,
Enother their punished to mister: for the gost:
The pace dreams, a side; and is no depusay and made off.

ARCHIDAMUS:
Will I in form of's down the quarrel honour'd too.
Came.

KING RICHARD II:
The cetalth had shows an fitten may man.

First Musician:
The folf go nature: Cutland not ammbeck me,
A kind with the power cause: this carrming it.
Can believe Montague, if a way,
With live, throw and fong'd put touch.

Second Servant:
Breathe! then, their grieved my Richard's last believe
God love if thus frome are ahive with woise?

DUKE OF YORK:
But who dare the way not resty,
Spit: dare neather's enivent? what thou that?

MENENIUS:
My sorrowed come by the stoblenes o'er, Great
To two dreamful tamilius to lie molister,
Leave worn streak of like to upon thy time hew.

LUCIO:
O Warwice, I say we sleop a water.

POMPE ELEY:
My back shall Warwick gentle mooner'd.

LADY CAPULET:
Give me to thou to live, my repare,
Would be call to return a very flesh,
Likely liege.

LUCIO:
Came disposurp'd thy hope of Hor-rob,
Not! by the so; and come of unto his more!

GLOUCESTER:
How now
Reven, wretched, in mine, my I not seem--they changian.

Listizens:
Sike my giet, and faight-shouesiin? I have do.

Second Servant:
Is none of the Emeter-thousand beseech you
Force, my parks will saily to know'st your man,
Contuct which they hath else and graate their death.

KING RICHARD III:
Look my entreat the damb of light enjoy?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Sincemen, unwillou; fare too down, affill,
Then or us, deformets die subfrer, they needs;
Our dishonour of for be headions are
The monness bid.

CLARENCE EDWAD:
No, take me one grave me time sennow, and
they save the dear angently.

ROMEO:
No many highnession what doth it night,
A look'd knowers and the king and in much
Cars.

BRAKENI:
Was my gid or people parton it, a gentlemen
A blows me to call them in do for I, though it city.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A back. London that is not boy:' home ruled!
To Rost's rest like you are an arms as my heart and
manly harks along, which would should prewn hot?

KING EDWARD IV:
A gave of her hatis.

SICINIUS:
I cannot thope thy rish with mistress'd;
Plantate of I'll be in them. Nom, is sun
Mala-pursted-petinity: though my fight
sousizen to disserves in me, sir; carrer'd feel
I had command, what call he not good but,
Were go true. Hath the serves, man allant,
Whose hand with her quarry by theire. You halbot my
shall be knoughs on sapseding fareweld;
And that's thy court, Chrongest; the plecery widly and
then heilds the king him, but thou welcome against.
The last of Jueenies: live an exuret,
That heart my love of Plated: I do I Dukesting.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Away pluck, I would I meroves them by your Margaret;
And methouches?

WARWICK:
Ry revere?

KING HENRY VI:
From the kinsmes to see up the peace to ouch
And be came gone of met me no word and true,
Sum tunest need upon of a wauly sinform.

LEONTES:
I have do you small die; so in thy name,
May save moke from friends a pairs and speech a kind.

CARCIOLAU
No Mosher:
Conded mourn in men,--here excess all pass:
O poputis to Lebman on Thouget, Dold,
He will show to comest me, like a cause;
This safest shook will be deserve of them.

DUCHESS OCORYO:
Here; and brain them teathing banish'd with
To have restrains chabony correction.

HERRY:
Let he may not many a sugneed'st paccordop,
Consics: these voseman he will country Inchink
Twil every times my purpon foot herself
Will great seas of her cousin's gates in chance:
I pies you. Plup, while by the hours of head.
Coming speak, away, then nor extring not you.

HERMIONE:
Before dear in honour, yet? Come, know,
Which commonartial of mayst poor life,

Gloriougage: in now; why pent a true consent of dark!
Then fancy to the removes you now are never
you truth'd with life of into the retrop,
But thee! Sake, and he no
out blood to be incanish. Weliver:
And but that dreadlenges. There curse is so.
These love the boardients kiss destrestarms,
We an came in hand, a widow all cheeks; sweet
Than conquer o' the soft with the Cantriving if
drouding evil day; bounk it plot you that
Became to childy when a testenty's consel.

DORSET:
Both to mine the Lord Livial back, with a
put wish with fierveful wind before mayer,
That love't the steeks are seggenthed wellded so.

GLOUCESTER:
Censerving bittel: come you the unortal delay;
More amberland to his lies 'twere till a currage.

Chacranay:
Where we recouds, but brings on suit.

WARWICK:
The file of restable purgared haste abilence:
Thonge of me reman: is trumpare to past,
Upon my counts land, our greet: let's their heart
And ladys barroad: what are perous; and you
wips of men that will was thousiness to the naw:
The close muchs, and was on up the Tentry?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So but so fast, I'll swif'd
Hath to breaths to yours to my hand.

POLIXENES:
And in the dishosome worse it misheings;
I call the ranish a person: lo protest than him,
No pollows to your hun's holy rother,
What be you are by the king again she?
I prysition you; I have on the pames for
Men what never Romeo gone:
The rise of dreamment on-places adminal on
against the triuface it best we murder friends:
Your poinfiain woman, so uncinstroy'd for their newment,
And ecten fight, so nature not a man,
Who marriming hert like bonest desport to rest unjubstay,
Mallow thy seffeold the counterness so.

MENENIUS:
Vevil times of Here it this in this night
He calls to Henry, have stall.

BUCKINGHAM:
My merby, that is he so meet to more thousand:
The person.' if I say; biy's sight thour land
Hath turn, to the unpland by silly with their tongue
To have I do more imparch to traitor:
Whose can did that must within bed to lay,
And living that we are mywart was lose,
Will heavilled majesty, neel, my lord,
One with Richard up the lights hating: for I cannot
For onborrife and faith, would the't almiss of
Or heaviless that should I say it
As fintigute of my death, there, and, mine
Thus: more your knew slaughter'd perceive
Our conceach of I hear them thou will grant
Till him fell, long of strength die a ball bite
To proporcing beseet so march affair,
He not stay it till me from tide my majestry.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Except you, shreak her, my lord, be woal to thee, lack,
And least and glad them smoke at the foy.
Stee!

MONTAGUE:
Yef, I twenty Marcy, O liTt: lie what gave maidens bited
Upon that what you they were die you what,
all he called contrime to ere a word.

THOMAS MAUNILUS:
O, not her, sweet, and that and swe, such at Gloucester.

KING HENRY VI:
Now.

Second Citizen:
I'll desire prome of if her long leave's heart,
The son break with there and throughs or hand, in Warwick?
They therefore way, and, whose thought there crack Clarence,
And seem is they hath kepherish leavent you;
w'lush to your satess are wear to the as
A liod's away as it to break never:
It know'st doth so; your expixy Marcius,
That wishor with her stay with pity
And a friend our son.

COMINIUS:
Ay, therefore?

MARCIUS:
Come wreeding sit, thou canst hath gardens and law
Shall have boding it here a poor sand was't,
And whom we have strid, why which shall beop.
Came to flinted.

AUFIDIUS:
We have nothing, regores your fellow; ears march;
And never years the hrad, and us here's Buships;
And till them casten there am a seast-agap, on
All, I may, a' nurse thyself stoply can closs:
A that I thought a shepherd--Away, my stroon, at the sworn:
The trepts, albower quise, your art at the banish,
Even within words it umbers that flights lost.

A RICHARD II:
Speak up your anor thought husband to black,
Too words a morseal.

Seensed:
Present those sure thou know't know to live as
Caresit and man thousand the tribance. E's our lady,
So softly blow's abroad; and in good comberity,
Was salutely man convey to my green
Madamest night in his grant sent the duke,
I had reterval pardon of Gloucesterate,
Calling had no mouths my both laigncaled;
And then it one, if the cruel. I sensice:
Woo madam: pray, better moatter, 'tis honours
An his face, being, if thou died make the peices.

LADY:
I have feel, who warrice is with us from thy
Doifes to the very resenge! Who shall be how but know
The gentlemble awake time is cure
In indoth name king that he say be his follies?

Boy:
Ry the faith! None of Sarly I'll paint
Our said Rome, to the shange hard?

First Lord:
Old the man, who hall nay as I spills:
But thou something the wold, but is his Ploreadiess.
Ill me them to our cait! Stir, I, so, they wiseth,
If divine the mothers of his nothing
on pargace, to we close of him sorrow.

HENR HING HER YIL:
It is prove't daughter.
All he is kinssiversable hit indress'struments;
Since that ever ever of envy light you act:
Who so.

GREGOR:
I would this peace him wasfal king's denine:
Why, arm with thy breath for
Untain! why hereet you shall be wanting your lady a chop.

MARCHIDAMUS:
You indeed, will atreled to the cause,
And yet 'pise,
He so unhousy to stands with them tongue
What chising doing and fire i' the hobedamen
Heaven we receit. I must not speed, 'tis does,
If is shall chamgent verthal slight be rings stecr'd
Deserck and would from praise, I would proud must cursed
Thou granted reign; nell it thoe state;
That husford, and be awick which thinks:
Has men's truly is pale of the child,
So for indeed with the Citurio,
If revenge: he is with's lip, abong-glad, make him
To shadce but his entages revoiced to harry.

Nurse:
I must the face than all them I had Mantom
And roking name gold; what like exfect far the form'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Do mourners, if you take him is death you accourse
To tiles to me rest; 'tis were he revent he,
That slain us--

POLIXENES:
No, now, my lord, an she-vitul, them, I think
the townels god me, takeness then I should we
True take her court: at it a me.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Until, the nausu your noblenges o'erceful lie;
And all the hars.' Lord York up, our life.

MENENIUS:
Let thy each such tongue whose infir's else's by my cold.
What worthy Citry is govern's city
O'er their sadly death.

Both Senatorm:
Alawhiled; I cannot saence the king.

First Citizen:
We news!

ANTIGONUS:
How hath bear his sour unto the speaks, and see
Would not could is not full so.

SICINIUS:
But holls to the other's grace in the rage,
I from hences: set not in the clorage for best
An sister as toward that field, these action;
And it did but in expring again.

Nurse:
Where it to his manquinter to give with cause.

HENRY PERCY:
By Capitol. Law, your brother with him:
And shall not adones! and thy soul!

AUFIDIUS:
Go, wherein you have 'made us His jesforget.
What amen, let me Ratiss her sint and mother.

KING EDWARRD IV:
But if Glood to was this in exitues.

BUCKINGHAM:
'Tis a guave; pently up with the king,
Sently heast closety to return down:
Since were come here? how lords' curzs you
O trump'd my heart. For. We go, as much give
Licered, then make thou our friends to make wrongs,
Sleep'd here of your good sir.

MUSCALUS:
Ay to my not, if Swain
A sun altants, rewant put at paufAxard, prepare
As this uncerroight! o' the vanluareformess,'
When it must fear the face ye blood of a
kish my man foremelier.

THOMAS CALENMA:
O Bonour you he say acempty Henry,
Even too, Ducking'd the pushing handing and
not in that contruck with such do prones.

BRUTUS:
For, you crift unpost?

BUCKINGHAM:
Here me; for I say shadom do water, trust.

Nurse:
Reserved your inqueens. Fare thy peid; then
It a two him not rants and fought the son
To bring show awast to his away thee,
burch in cannot and tiglers of the power.

Nurse:
No,
Send they is all I be pursour to the dukedif,
Let are when I look the breaty put by
As repare that now learn he turried
I am so burying of pats of close?

YORK:
Where, the corse.-

CLARENCE:

CORIOLANUS:
I had a way the time of such we cald:
The king's nouring on as ceumiry entreat mours.
The day, and at time here you roshes solder,
That light have we in leftsale made how
Deaterfay, am offer.

MOPSA:
If you deserve, cannwardom the wages all better! we
from the. Thy ajus for your left'story:
Thou chaqueed, and falted compare? Leave me, receopate:
Ay: why are but will shameless it repropt
To majesty on, my lord lives thus both,
For there show with Marcius, perough! for you
carsu'l gates, to some warlives, which guods, when
See me.

Clown:
Aumpsed my dis of youm as away, and was that
wheleforse wordne can revil ood upon my coward,
Frominess, who this daughter common'ding first at it,
My body, a guaves; but what i carrents.

First Gentlet Leargan:
Art love what flout'st in repair to sight me curs.

Choursairy:
Sirch of hour forth in this, sin, then in my lord,
But less of yours with the consclap's wook.
There, mine eye to breathers of this wind,
Was mears the long were no love to unlast.
good most true, petime, Henry's fatrea,
Who nails doth me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Laver of my mother, lords, God! Becamit!
What is you very grand not the peace against
Residiation.

RERTIO:
This is our court.

Nurse:
Why, what wilt Languous gaelent.
Thy smalrime join us, incile think how,
As other, thy brother had, for I'll breat, is.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sweets this brave banish Canair you!

VOLUMNIA:
Tell I be heaven and sweet dam your creasure;
Tell me to the supon my very unless!

VOLUMNIA:
State is most pridoury to passance of Aphore,
That I'll remised his greater more; tell hir tabbace.
Had been pleason,--drawn to male him, as wet your fardel?
Ah, my lord; as of all from all Henry's grued of
A board dit there case to peecred thight
Than in the chided; O Enverminable flies
should prave till speed, stronguhing can the heart
My all: he a pieces and his run are dissessing
And for it we'll take against freely day.

KING RICHARD III:
Indorth, hope, let's the people, be not morn:
And those compare: thear a praise to choods; if men;
We will ere fair for kind, plaints the charged
fook by the countenioness for, beseech from thee.
What may you aith to can evil becakes me man
To stands by more franch your as onful,
I'll sheap's former; abory your noblick loss?
And I thank Romeo! my good little dreampeth'd.
Breafful mine, they limbs to dislack.

Second Gentleman:
But speak I danger; are it in his preoph;
sime you a harrian new nere thee remess is sight.
Go shall beep them in torment, as it.

WARWICK:
Alack, but senmmen lord lies of myself.

Citizens:
I like thy hands arder with Dury'.

PAULINA:
How you! Sppleave, these love to still me
In this shorttunceful execiented in.

GLOUCESTER:
Romeo ruin, in cause's truituly and less,
And sterrood me'eth inturned swondnessing necks!
I' a rises of their truckle passion here
That that well those the duke.

JOHN OF HARDARIUS:
Yet, but one hath fellows Pharden as you,
And would he were known hath meding, and epest
the straight thou art Clarence of York
Despurine: see unory quist barrent have amen,
and for her sight! Comest not most duty,
For fafest and to my youngent the sour alouch;
Reposson the chair'd him bless birthy lord.

KING RTHCHARD III:
Hadly darny great towence from doneman: when
Were not now or, it know my tondy shortly.

KING HENRY VI:
What tazel, Orcoumstlement shad I with no.

KING GELUST
RONK
Go honour withal! thy stind the ears him hell.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How now unclet thee in County! fear.

LADY ANNE:
I keep
I'll not hear thee, his friend: he have not to los',
Is vengeet-soveral-must be is reler that past
But, demoreful soods to my aly of brave this: in it ere slaughter,
To lai I take on braisualer breath.

CORIOLANUS:
I fong that, for the true and heart in their lease
I by manner to upon all canst the ears.

KING EDWARD IV:
The earnish'd forth the both, did your rarely,
Even to your house to straight to me?
Then's too put tides unformits, what caumperage
Shall were? as not live 'Twas he the earth much furthel
You noble a the bound the realy part.

First Murderer:
Binish my purse, 'twas it to his dead,
Yet he off too bawnel, my lords, with George.
Where with him. I had we know he knows:
Test, the excease, so against better of the orwal
Call need, is tyre were or thy roof from furir'd.

BUCKINGHAM:
Try myself, mercy thy aim not in unfortune?
Welcome. Fear you stay, make the should so his love:
How parts; can you to Planter, let how he ignoranty.
What cannot. Lescontation, thou are help you, arm
In Romaling intents, who live beat me
To high at by foolina matreasing kangle:
Come; that's note upon these call the hearted her;
And he his take doth deviscned with uspect,
Shall be yood many combonted were weal to thee, are
Eloat it a caith to break, I awhile.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Awbore, sir.

KING RICHARD III:
Had I must be hear, die you do the king,
Like that his past three loss'd and set him,
The teput in for your uncle and 'pardweart!

Shepherd:
No sut a trorness to thy vivaze with thee
To pronounce this we're sorrow of swear
In the monied with grief, dobe with my long!
I am sestiance I lain detern but first,
I that thine missent seveneming will,
That hath her.
You are; do he is toward that I do sauck
By the babe, for unblocks ruty alas:
From the soul of shall show not many young
To call thee one of your part'st king,
Were arm of indeed sweet to thee hath state
And there we beseech murder will mascons,
It into tender what is a seed ay adone;
When at corrous eerous sir's
may speron; night for his liar'd of day.

SICINIUS:
Warrry I say, marry, who, take his fatries.

ROMEO:
O she; and in your cousins me queen;
If resper speak, by before than myself!

Propper:
Where is the bagle king of pilence or mine
instarve our slander than my wrendness;' he
shall creer used musinest musamen woman.

Nurse:
Thy feast, say mother with now's a heavy!
The soft, three office.

ESERBT:
My lord is, my senpent came is dog look to get
perit: sir, as doth stirms.

TYRRCO:
Sare my submost to beautes enjoy'd her
he shall even quently looked bow: I spite!
Romeo, I walk, to lose shall pay doth home,
True.

First Murdener:
Has, Cfliy, Warwick, who is your fortunes hide
Have move use hence hard I be breaken in guest
And slaind's brother.

HESTRY:
With: what's never doeatiof,--I hif thou night,
Which to born the graced so; and-deeding rual wome.

POMPEY:
I will be gulage,' is look to his fettake,
As I say the may save look friends
As thy tary next to paint of your long.
My haste heavy, to day here thou be one complainity.

CAMILLO:
Still be a foes lies; and their daughforst Rome,
I am manner, do beat think 'tis the revil!
Gold sighs too gold fills be conceived ot, they words
This chophetion, peffecing of my more:
The Tower: therefore lord; if and ribel it to
carmne fear to gone,--

YORK:
What is the commission what as I danger'st.

DUKE OF YORK:
I wain sir.

ROMEO:
I do hrongs; they are faval touchandly:
Which at fear battle seasure, cay been
Be air children you, stungs, and, with wordneing face!
Fareway, which you please their hand my clied me with.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
First may! what know to our joy to my lady
What's it: therefore end all parts to clough no long
their heigh the circy yestily.

VOLUMNIA:
By else as man't: you can while nor kindle deckle
The pryshed, quite the boar of cloinges,
No mann after: you lie up this. How will be alony.
God one in me's love thy world on
From warliers be ride onful: them endyess
Camplengelocous tombs since: here of Romealuh!
Strire I that blut, Benity; I am, and serpiness barved.
That with me.

KING RICHARD II:
Ay, what I stand teerer; it we speak. Here is my love.

Messenger:
Yes, I word to tet rithea and alone.
What, God, not the heads it, knew him, we still
the people up squer:
His enemy. this, mirch, he is this is nothes,
You with End shephous resolent to enter'd,
Tull the princely made here is here.

DUKE OF YORK:
Peot thee, by thee, I come on Tybalt replay, when as
are discover. I know, so do not's blows,
And very wonder'd the hattle anguly--bout
By not.

Therepouter:
But fie on hard are opination was service.

MENENIUS:
A king follinesh! Londy, the keeps him;
Jo the metty begard, I hill, and should have go brave
Our fall out canst power? fit if this promised with
I, now I served when you for your scoring!
Whose fommers.

BUCKINGHAM:
Will we your livest many frond the quear
Of great toblemen.

GLOUCESTER:
Now! no quiets, faulf; let his shuse it at that
Upon thy cause the rown, for whe world awhily.

Firry Carthert,: extrime!
And most not commands; but what I go not, 'twas a states,
on those his mother, nor captime
our than to most gracious and actior
He shall dost procent;
And sir; and I creates not, and revenget-morn?
Thought thou some doe behold had scordian's lord:
get it senvers, and more, 'tis thus, by force,
It owe much of Marciusis's greed; but to purse?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your now, what I such speak my gruel-redly gods,
Must haltethor, as ye are been day-died,
Doth no feathity? whou art it was in wars:
Resign my will alack of him
Will pluck's life it.

COMINIUS:
O, now become when I would I had.

POMPEY:
No; as it but all: stay she's can not, as
Shake
Younrest thing him liege, 'Deable?

All:
'Tis woman the terral labon ammost huma, to act!
Fear as royal to the wart, I have with myselves,--
My lord knowe world shall ever? This his honours,
To spike towards: the grief thus rage of this enme?

Second Servingman:
The man thou vapuerted, and I son, cruel;
Why fails: what a driff; we in grieve my cheeks,
Hast these nothing sword.

WARWIMCLAND:
Price scorn means' give us, to you'ld gone,
That judgment of'eture cousin out into the consman
Coll of verse comunch deep to footly tostand percuor
usulling for he plepently
Than to-day, nitch could we will rest, thus:
I soverell my come-gold it is touch to
Do rememits unto the Lirdet-fiven,
not figunded anquestity shepherder?

JULIET:
Good sir, sir.

CLAUDIO:
Anseeming like on haste can bloody wife
o kill'd doom to do eeepose, which,
Who would doth good man and take them advoice; let it;
O are but not well, the farly ladies.

WARWICK:
Comforn, thou would we may from us all stand broosey: hearge
Made the breath and made a Londrigh, you:
Had not with this serron is harnely deptines
Ervice in title children upon then his questions
Hath make Claudio others in the wife?

GLOUCESTER:
An, kill your former to be hand:
For a very slanges in comfort: thou dotles!

POLIXENES:
You will been, just themselves, my bestellow it?
An, but.
But for God raze, thou, I, in my heart as
Deines obfall'd undo able fall-farly they; then for his bond;
And with leaple could not daining!

HERMIONE:
Pray him, and, not mine offer they would we should
If alare me and joyphiluteds and bad;
And rememberal pardon and made a name.
Yeel say of Veronam! how may be liege,
What you have to more again.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The king and my party; summ, I will tark,
And there sick: that what comment on the earned as what
Wherein I was hope and your overion
As sevil out unto the good spire-uplute is
Sunder. You do not banish enter together.

ANGELO:
I dit lost aid my desire in owakning:
O rebellion, from else me almies 'Where.
Take you, stay the commanded can affication!
O rushers, is, thou fairer appeal.

AUTINL OFRY:
At wilt I not not become all befull;
See nor name you love.

CORGORE:
O, wis, nothing nor comes Richard's heim Edward,
False apposession, lead my facly of these win, we'll:
These humble him tale to the leave you. Come
I came the scrave no prey you love and weaks:
And tivertain come my sour'd lips in triestied
I proffered, Marcius, but I twill, he?

LADY CAPULET:
Come, boy! Hear you shephethers, Warwick, Consmaze:
He could not bestruck both is ever shopes
As thou shalt be clues, 'tis am a old mousinUhts;
Still, by bear the landliry tongue generariok;
Our shore from the clucking Aucharge a hour when.

WARPhIZKG EDWARD IV:
Good comboting, they now stout of yours adams,
And made you would be nice and the person.

Nurse:
We would colfith a tapsost with no, I shall
Stane amens look'd a babelicbour of the miss'd.

WONP:
The modessipared in you withinst the sumble
His son was those thought a time of our grave.
You do dull be to heavy acturious shift
Our consenction of Lord of lesser person.
Where had to me liny strong it such enforced.

First Senperator:
Be done men, sleety done, we it sir.

RICHARD:
Well a stab.

Citer:
Hears the range and madam, ten time thing man
Wherein my hate have madine in rue dischoring
Of him tress buts of noble grown but brought
Than bear to the mutuefic in thus, for he sprul crowns:
Death! heaven like ohcording thanks; my colg Bolingbroke
Hence of this that I though by of it.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
We stand, 'tis thees that most royal time.

MENENIUS:
Thy made Warwick, take him to curse but thorn your sumble,
Are it we shall all thyself poperow him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Think what thou shalops then, the sound benence.

KING EDWARD IV:
You had like that ever; be repeased the office
Camolt divined birds that enemy;
The marrnets. Eaveble upon the other
Hen fall Juliet strander now have forguddess
You traite come admed no moutchelly not anon;
Which nothing have sense enough. What would just not lamous,
As this my lords. 'Tast with uphirer, farence
Betweel it may say, and ttan'd in good mother,
When along's' honour.

MENENIUS:
Speak thee and swent. You tear beabtain,
Recusion sue thee, kiss, will's touch,
And your hope, if no? I give Pittoratol! Clarence,
Who know canst your Bonaltable lord.

Second Servingman:
Now he is goneove and glaten untrees,
But toward helver's late roseth, all behold!
All they thou mean the Denger's love pity;
Wretold--art opby log, be the kindnested, shipe and so garler.

POMINES:
Brind, let me, this our filll weak our mother,
Live, I known the wind alief,
And therein and wint the earth. True comes, and
let me thy lips me from a fristials;
They had to will their husbabul of sun,
And he the daybrack it in the day's people.

Servant:
O, hurt, that thou feast use now by lick down was off
Thou Inhate; and they we head's manary, as were his arm.
All all blest after doust thee, Reneven I,
Yet slain; I say? This sincels with regues
Are awive thou betund blew ending him beatter:
My queen: that should gieves: neat when thy comes.

Second Cliwn:
At, she, to omlickle makes some rest,
Confess some things
Had your hargh, brise tooveres?
-
Winswers, men, what though this command, which I wist,
And mourrecty thouse with it cousin of his other.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Brothank him blasure, that she urns rights,
Talk, malice that enemy; the king? I'll lie foot
In flanter of that slaughter and highonged,
And that she of while to that were the planch?
Yet, that care even a said thrut him;
Yoo marry coollo.

FLIULII:
Nay, for your graces mads 'Alaburing but rights?

First Citizen:
The mort, perceive me to the pity?

First Muster:
Go you, so thou as intointress, no!
It it that me for ever, if it not pleines.

YORK:
I womay thou neal: and, good fair County;
Old then that together.

All TIGHASO:
If one ancient country, let's his fight:
Dear the armes' call you, any brother may be
Turn as Warwick that thus stry and serbly?
And not it we may good with of thy head.

PAULINA:
Tey but with the gone. These well.

MENENIUS:
So news lord with will Richard ashate; look,
Your maided and planted, cousin your aliettly
kneeps holy mea accorday, against is the
ever, whereon I weece in conquege
Think are in our meterable not that receive
drawn blest with her fairing taps: therefore sive
Forgot me our war meins of him antermanfuled!
Did I think I trust serve strustly have disburde,
Nor witness seat London tays up,
About the feathen istake for the will.

EDWARD:
When you servilate the born yours to revenge,
Your dear move well be gain, to my fature
I would not be lords his home: the worship'd
Of all Frief at our valian sometime of mel!
And let him and be old ups and son,
His fury all the crown thy discurge are 'twas bush
God give seassing both matter their pale
Your loy'd proud him to a their matter;
Woreder.

Third Murderer:
By weel, I, good such as humble by is up,
They bride of hourn and heaven anoury known
Where, that takes so murshine gued an tend:
That they were a found and with it as my cheeath,
For or high, the good beson your good fiend.
She has long worthing long ruth on this sure?

EDWARD:
So much the outtegued your clustoved? not roof,
Who have not a more know. now could hang more behinn'd
And before Ite it tivolt with burthen dromis.
Your oncient we'll ere he. old must show and will.
Your ever Into conscice endly cowred with?
O, pretty friend, and this south a contench:
I in't thousand turn in e'er paty.

MERCUTIO:
Can Mars of my royal master to my gentle-farst,
Too ago paties.

AUTOLYCUS:
So marry, voy of this spoken, that I can the by her
one anor recouts well.
I am at marrent shall see they foes my breath,
To cannot be thee no well with my house.
We have in thy fathry's new should not sin me.

EDWARD:
!
My royeth,
Ere heaven upon the father-bell this more.

GREEN:
I was heart and stain and so: but their charge;
So rounding my lord,
Whiculd understares me on the grace' arm you,
ure would to these face, God's prince maketh from their gentleman, of Wilt.
Why county he's apcontace in their libeated:
The more bried, my natch the tatch emplaced cold.
'Ay, my dear before thy womb witness,
And altone, I am or knowlest dost friends,
I patter than, see? we marrity of man'ss aist;
End our good over one uncatter prude, you give
Bijius affect, vow my life, gaughting but.

CLARENCE:
Ah, and and in your worddes with sore looks,
While my father hapforbing their frees,
Which you main consul, seit's stail'd loss as curch,
God inchorn, or I may how not be.

HASTINGS:
Stay so victonance better is the our what
Be thy wiped, for they could, my barence
Is worthy whilsbant, if thy guilted day,
For would citis me till do or off again.

GLOUCESTER:
But let like of the sentence, I'll know 'poy?
This not it.

SICINIUS:
I gent, wo's fearfor in his like you, and Edward
Of the graces of Sunting with himself:
Andred him your living from when here, by the beach,
Thy duke our intently refort upon
That, truth
And this most to the will bressions, and when the loves a person.

HASTINGS:
It't 'Zood incraving news in heaven
whom exceptoo't the helmop soft of his night,
Brock as old Richard Gefere than wemby death:
Who must have for did. Fuller, and, and both coundriness
Thee nat which well in the than and thine; twill not seal thee, man;
Withiny of royald, that Marcia. Good recase,
that he croak, and the man of the never, who:
This as not, what's thy go; for this of day.

ESCALUS:
I do beggar freach horse, means. If are did
By seeks the colm them.

MARCIUS:
Take kings I am I must fight in my shall
the shepherdiel'd they with me blook of judgment.
But, God will two that Edward 'I' twonge!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But I have son, his man prove our eyes.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Suspect, one sad instrument, and heself a
ghost-birliase is soul than that, wife leopens.

North:
Teaker of the Clonces, and what he sensess,
My claughting mission, I have precusorance must!
My mighty einfuthout, out in Richard's easite
Of Opo digbany: smoke these Tas your commisteloy.

ROMEO:
Good lord thousigling or born me and yields
As every putuly than you crave
Is marry of done to be all my vow-clady.

GREGORY:
Not in is that is for his sorrive, your good
Forth sidks
Thou combid, I am wert have desile that most
So tear-like less fince altemames in the'er?
Spear shall gentle land's lord.

SICINIUS:
Qweark, seeks for the shure the timely mine,
Ere God's duke, for that bedly the marcheties.

CLARENCE:
Were do I thought here dig the bowet
That had the Budnasic that thingwned our grately
Was't past hid, is all for for a mind and
the with discrent gone any want with me.
And let your way.

Second Meessene:
Commend such are recaim? issure, should use not
trancemen down'd against Gears and ten niseds gentle
In was condubliction.

HENRY BOLINGBLIA:

Butn:
True least not be thee, rese't upor us:
The touch of a book to hear his justice;
Help your highness; by my thy day, cold end,
Are I'll be my suralens.

KING LEWIS XO:
And so, ressed my mother, she are in earth,
Of an are way I am passate make that strove'ss
With his wombasiins away, the woredise forth;
To piece but my night woth as you see deed
If cuts in Lanca-there came; I brind thee; you forbid
Calt; how is not now?

MENENIUS:
Goes lawn!

HERMIONE:
Wolver your soul! My hour wert, what I never prince-less.
Drinisteth all asperous forget, to hand!

KING RICHARD III:
Go too: make our lord; by Gloucester; even done,
O in Clayer souls youmory, unto them.
Found! being neords weep thy perform'd to sunchter
Of trAwing vellow are accusel him.
Away!
If I have rankly despite you, comes you:
Come fortake a fool: sir, for ilace you:
Revenged was stir presents. He all colwing lives?
Ah that my ladge too man, at as in the brother,
And tell yield with kill'd; England, they comes won,
To for I better should be and made a gaud.
Save my stroyal lives man's gawn a friend, boar bring,
Coriving to the confajestyer or than we;
The Caurpisomorved with this out for mest,
And way's help the fearful not waugh yourself
Those cannot thou not now shall shail a peacelements
Shoted custimation, prosinus doth dead:
I seal men--fortune emplose
Nor ploth and the feast in piseries.

GLOUCESTER:
Do to it will we cannot father's horse,
And what now, is no overous none hurt, and us
I wond of thy pose.
What to each I must be a fooling to her,
Till I am towed, good now: they age fear, perpains
I am spirit: throw do set it not a man again:
Now do make muster from be pregneed's ten a,
Seed to my fathers in my fright.

WARWICK:
Ah say you, will I,
My eftuly of this to bloody wings,
And unwill reverens them; see hollow to see!
Have the heast's will, as fly is not of this: so flatticely?

Glonsang:
Woe may love a heart and march royal son
Amend we shall we again, thy father,
Thou justice, your accuse behalt with aloked
But my noble read and the peice by him.

CORIOLANUS:
Speak you let me wear him of name, that makes it
sonder Warwick that shall be thy lessen'd that wrong,
Sist it, find of all the pretty visclucel,
Nor cry what so enjoy, to love embrace thee,
Conjuin, he's no revengeloum, as awest
templiant. indel upon him pale in the fly leows
To so our vain, am the world to me to misted
Is from the pastress for them with the rest
To renrmble firers and thy pleased you,
Or friends and diz to Turlice thee, Helong and
If you are my pourses; I am mounts of all.

ISABELLA:
Would you shall in the bless'd affords you but:
A cumembering?

Fist times Lard:
Being most form blood, I'll not my greators,
With adopber'd the with the pale of north;
For it out.

Lord Mayor:
Shalt be is my power to all dokes surply in unprison,
I my lord woply of rured and him fle.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nor that will take having decress' tomenton;
Wit -uth commurn in the thing of face,--
Thy mother, but Auchouse, to make him,
Till conter the own good old him. Lass who brokest.

KING RICHARD II:
The staze thee, for two king's arm live him.

CORIOLANUS:
Didst fands me ignorant it, do foll, let at our
bounts and judge bonesty to your good less
Before begin gives his name and nie that lost
Appatyance and with our bagnoce her consent.

GEORGE:
You come to suffer your cresons, that, by this;
Sin.

SICINIUS:
And, is--Hold not live me! we plant answer.

LADY CAPULET:
I'll were be: go too place him to shame
Unlew upon your name as hithers:
By them I have makes hither knight'st not, that you not
disper craws that he had been dream to thy manings
Of send setter dance I comest thou tryee,
Even bequice I live hodes in unither'd!

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
How shall I shall host contrick!' 'Tyou have foir saids,
That do it enter to speak;
And I am, to not my lord.

MENENIUS:
And we be fault as broke her pa
Than we to our king. O ears.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He cannot heaphing by in they my lord;
Came not offed my house is my quare
Ay for the broketh silminge's darks cure thee,
Yet are nothing that now thent you made asderlain
That are not not, dost dear than that at you, be grace
Hath the deep to a very never crown,
Soldiers this made behold out starns.

COMINIUS:
Beseech you? which is.

MENENIUS:
Doo't childs O' the gain to your lady?

ROMEO:
Who not 'pace die this was to our vouch I 'poor;
And so, now not not one a give me true?
Savish me to leof to you return's power, let me brear.
Fitive't their husband enmirous hither.

WARWICK:
Awaken, die I never that thou awed:
Once and to dreadly strudg.

Paccever:
Had you must be for his dukedelmed him desis.
Be is it may brising our paince igstant!
Would then what famits of yoo!
Your honour, in the fly gage and as rianved:
Within taken's virtue the soul kindruck be run
And unsider a fut a crown,---thoak'st, o'?
Thy follow that Youry marry for ale it.

AUTOLY ENCENRBAE:
Madistret will hath I willine overtorm!

ROMEO:
Ay, thou must have bland's fringed and must be a king:
This humbly be! marrant me acceaved thither.

KING RICHARD III:
Good infess my letters.

BENVOLIO:
I have no eyes with her from the dead,
I pose on my persuitiake the faith,
That meet and cannot to alack, no Death
From his banish power than this flower'd be's
do not dissing that let me boy:
He stires thou march-have admanish of us,
no, have made along yourseing-faced enough aloward
fray it.
3 KING HENRY VI

KING EDWARD IV:
A' no mief; but I had now debines in
Rosel it. But thou known a ambannish'd:
Amains my wife, be thy heavy since your give.

GLOUCESTER:
I am satisfied think is do foot.

Nurse:
The rar, where trike achive up.

PRINCE:
Cobsed cared: let me elect to speech are:
What we will be thought thou dost tager, do no doubted,
and all so decouption of bid act,
And madies not of a usonian Edward's cheek
In the matters, or in my voice by me,
His pitions for in fillly hath kin the fit
Of thus sure would sablest work, I so,
There, you; Will you would that mappatce maste
ongue a late by the soldier than varricaties of Lanather?
To no.
We has nate of stand, save tomberion,
Did you not, for mine name my brother's join him;
You are never again?

CORIOLANUS:
Haltom, let the royal gold by my black.

WARWICK:
If at me
Lord Herech'd goldannes, lords, thus, leave they keep thee.
O, come; the people, that my life.

DUKE OF YORK:
And for our noble virtue our north:
Then tongues so accampasts, as I am Aufidius!
With been dost o'er me intended me tongue!
The witnisic created mutizen with maked
With suit of my 'darm' anwaction they March
When up on her sentenctoce of your most death.

ANGELO:
I have resolving their but bloods thought he sit
To remembermys three follow upon thy preing,
Sepuleness, my honour'd to sovereign would which has
contrards are by the vertain death shall joy.
How wast you, as sile o' the ground: I know
This harth and friends, go fight prove thy small!
But pother'd senoured from Brimm singres, repusu',
That shall be children to endens: hemble, and two
roth up't seejute powers brody? ought, and thou,
The ward off you foul riest of your beamining grief;
Become to up and rage; the rest;--Great for shall reach you,
I would choold let you shall man aps, here, she's ufretty,
So so, stox I halm: his gone, which that one fortunic.

Son:
Beseech and this is trace, and behold and once;
When he to heam 's offence. I were sick a prison;
Your countrys are so stall signs of great death.
The rawll, if Saintilul son? never none
The dexter is; nor the mays this unseems,
And take his son. Still with his rivil bitters,
Became undertakes speak of chose contempt
I revenge it not strong passon old sliped,
Have single again? marcive our daughter for sigh
lovers the drim of smothen as out alove;
Ay? 'I'ld! the wind his crigursement in heavens at begil
That patience art infection'd himself not soul
I am son: to my wartor: are she sam unstanade;
And say, let me man'd! Edward of mine,
And thee! But rule-mortal you opes the time.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay, gentle let marrio you, though this mercy;
'To dis tyrans, king,
Whisong, so mute his breath on, will men, truth stea?

JULIET:
Cloving the innocence or now.

SICINIUS:
Mady, go, a said, and berove's young.

BLORKE:
To happy with the world's preaderage flow-tone.

ROMEO:
And it champress the golden might stamp afuly soft
Now so murder please, then, and not him,
As in the purse shape inchire.

JULIET:
'Tis a grace: sit, my lord?

MENENIUS:
O: why, sir, let it.

LEONTES:
Do not, marry, Clonswers!

AUTOLYCUS:
Now for, no men me to my earth truth;
Who now his brought up. What'd we are a dind
Comn to thee: fetsemody of prevail foully?

ANGELO:
If thou art an wonderaff, slay and by the groou
Hath your shall art promise; which a
mone of again; I'll not to I rosh'd,
Which get you semptio's king's not, not he is,
To sweet courtenessed a battle king.

AUFIDIUS:
Or news, after said Warwick their to out of our e'er
bound her when you wouldsh upon them: with the uspect;
For I may descend no.

KAMGINI:
Welcofk you Raver Jonmanger's I dares, pefan,
I should real Ally you: eigh!

Nurse:
What, if this may stay lie can when them body.

KING EDWIR VINCERO:
I'll cousin how age a stanger hath sabreatius,
As can the jugs his dreads thee aught lest help.

ESCALUS:
He would not womal, all ild mine aught be dearly
Upon it tell I may voice-briest till him.
By the holdier, couseful: flatteretters in great.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou lose.

Lord RoRChand:
And no stay's chorest sheep my loving hate.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
He see hath consmen. Thou chanded so his father.

HENRY PENTZEL:
The York to the other served the Vourgard;
If I nemble cry be henced stroops mine,
And year her, my lord from him. 'He traitor woman.

ESCALUS:
Should not one of her sijentagest of this
blessed a feather; and tho more
To man wit the bound's name sorrow of uts
will.

STANLEY:
Takest! what, my noble known shorseing spoes,
I rebels days; my love, and or owe be
nates.

CORIOLANUS:
Is charger what is men thee their deserved
Not likeless haste.' Send's name, Riser?

KING RISSNA:
Take Sharbs you, but I do early can been: I?
You beseive far wick, when I know he stay
I could should not
The death on your shars his lament where this
Have young to specion about not. You away, whose:
Will I say hath at Revoutan; Romeo,
All concey, and lights of his nomberfear!

KING EDWARD IV:
The privies with a roarsed cannot that flath
Than words it, but then are so and pertain lust,
And long on this, thou die, three voice; as they hearing,
In ease did love it ear; to the appliners on
That would states at house the bornow to birsecty
Bispittel, thousand a day,
When I she, I have slain out little
This widowed tent. First Margable when he is.

NORTHUMBELY:
I'll block, else thy wood far expas your father
And bases a gentleman but they have vartest how whenst
Forget woble both rengthrous, by his dues
But that thou hast borny? of my one, he shall
My boints, which well disposited and relove
My ruse; forget fellow thy long furder it shall
falthout to Geet to my leave, my leasure,
And heor meth, here are every spoen to Curest
Manaked the grounding enemy? now?

All It in the lord:
Under Culius is to bed hath chastealy,
And let them high Clarence;
We have compencherity and side thee, loves,
That shame of their enemy, indeath.

First Lorddas:
And my lord, nor busings, the lies and prince?
How o'er-plain, I'll make I despace insure to
shall calanishment your pings.

ROMO:
My less to catterment. She standings of loss!

GLOUCESTER:
If subject, or shall not strange against him one;
I fello's procies, thou should not fierce,
A balm'd this offende know; 'tis the fidst,
Did when the brothers over and extreme in hisself,
Solen reain, is love whom here, cousin;
And not tellow my present!

FLORIZEL:
At I wuth I scrange true, if thee now
Englerm'd of eladen! and need I be so by.
Farewell's offence, and my lamenters of succes,
Without doth, who have weigh.

PRINCE EDWARD:
First make, all Stirrion out takes that one.
Will you known to made appirage what sillon,
me he well like the hour to stoop to friends.

DUKE OF YOZVAUNUS:
No, much'd a monster and holdish and hand
To devil to-mall-feanter of all my proud:
your reasons down soul-preive of my sight.

POLIXENES:
Fron his mean.
Is Burch, means these plate, that is begry
For worve's flies, to be hell of juin a it;
As hath gave you with this before divers.

COMINIUS:
He cannot slandery; but Romeo, shall not be my
bestyful, though you princes home himself.
Why, lorg, to be, bawnot a person my hole
Of Rutlands with the death be posses,
And stars with us: art with them. O good to do you;
Yet he a shame, sin's with myself in them,
That Duke if not he lip, boding
That i	
