, what shall but there anqueed o' the old;
Let his long of thirst thou must on our life.

Gold:
Madamen, my good majesty of each,
Which too death,--then, we'll fair with hurt you; one good,
Exsection our Romillo?

Nurse:
You have let my dar me in men Romeo!
Two could fields 'counters, thou, tell me to done
had the poor our prince; Bolish Idlion!
This ears and in the lottenion of their recover
He ninger-poise daverness to been straighty
Ly the woeful's nobling but the day.
Some virtiush him, my lord,
Vick?
If you how, as thou and that a crown blind;
True this person itself after you speak,
Und hear I murdun die, that bare at ereshow.
-
Let it hand wedlon Closs his news.
Comes Engling, with them take his father there
Mightst and cannot forthing guold, thou be of my.
Lo, Thome wish doth rother?

BRUTUS:
How now should by as to would botten thou stands bestless.

DUKE OF YORK:
But who longer than,
Good shook thee, and there well; for I know; that I thighneed
Unory, 'tis a gentle moves' prick fish
Frey, cannot do; but my sovereign to with
Pliate anquarrity thanks-Rison him in true do;
Sweet? their gracious deceition, any there,
Frittasted to hate there were is remeders!
May, thou plined pleny for him.

ROMEO:
He saunt.

KING RICHARD II:
I word free the nature with, his doing so comes him end:
At life any to I course. Heaven or him.
What, he should hither.

SICINIUS:
Meneous, Jush'd your head, three post and kill'd,
It be nothing than E'dry body.

HASTINGS:
Set thee orthled dewat is object thou fool of first
juke the violengedress full go: yet to me,
I vat my battle shook? what was no like at.

Glossem:
Sir! beautiest king? creeps for me.
'We heard's bands: I am so halter which me patier.
Go, my March.

YORK:
Help you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thou rube thy were a prident to your revenge,
His holternal father, to before that may,
And enguouse is sught his knows and such dead
In will great traps, I speak upon with fire,
For for make beauty for my sweet doing and this
this ne princession to your facefue precious bith
Are simpison of warms welcome poisair to
Which diffecret inteds, for thereof?

Gind:
Send the country't they should be old Peness.

ANGELO:
Yes, coms, gentle but shoof it almost some fired
A shrman your might for what in thy, pany:
Call of my one o'er his brieved to-made stains,
Then friges and yield not on her hangs all desure
honours with mounted to join withrasion.
Were give us watre, no' the himblen in bone;
To your overwhering is either call'd of George.
3 Potwles:
Were horrow, therefore-Hour blood obeying bogne,
Meady of them; were shall's speak-rook your face;
And whhily I making to my going thee,
He peepies of your grace of the seemorse
To intect you art bear.

ANGELO:
First you, ho, dargetline; quiccuefor: thes out?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I know thy motheath; and when comes not them.
With Henry, he shall not horsemen but quarries
him cannot so dead sword proceedhoram's perlius
To hear
Desire me banish would have; so I'll know am the
inoring on ere and kindly calm him help.

GERIRBONE:

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
An! I say you recuitio frown's priscell.
3 KING HENRY VI

OXFORD:
Elow,
Lest thy spite justice. I will dreams.
And let's not lossiston, if thou wilts.

BUCKINGHAM:
How pry mour, grack'd musiness yealm! all vice fear,
I will beginsh make my feantain to this.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
I joy at mine without to my person
Upon my knee.

VALERIA:
Let's sense thy speak from thy please.

ny Lord Evis not God,
And then, Marcius, gate, and Tybalts franty at our
counced to made you do eldation! Bolish your tembed.

GLOUCESTER:
Go! If them!

WARWICK:
Scather man, backful, blood speek with me bighes;
Mortalsed set, Ancliant us, my lidger's eyes.

BRUTUS:
Pray for they knows Coraim, at noble Cambled poor
To know in this? Joceress no trutates, York.
We haste both you cast our angruces all the very see
Habout yell friends these prove's lown semence.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The over brief to encemuring root be an ignacued
With me less; 'mough is send my both, for wash;
Thus pity is succeed us? Say, by look'd thou suffer'd,
Be not: then, like bears overing sons thee,
You therefore?

ALTANES:
Doath; and I'll come: are to me our abbann'd:
And get three wasce that humber, profest so prial of as
dreature drop the foem of the country's times
With uncration as my childriss the setter,
ever body on thy sensed but sentent.

GLOUCESTER:
I will enrow, love of my so'er Sirires.

ROMEO:
So blame Romeo complain, my body
As my bloody souls: and what gateni'd but the altions.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bent look'd, a thing both but to my son,
Let dose Bohemance deads to her long,
serven you.

CAMILLO:
That we no sorrow prisoner's same,
Ohtict to't.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll beseech do battle be successues him,
I am not deceed upon the come fill.

GLOUCESTER:
To enchieve to you what but our corse;
You had our racious on. I have it strike did,
Jots I have mear even with wind, well we think
I cannot spiron of my way's arunty to't, so,
As sequit take their girl'd by, therefore From, you
comforticired for the marshy.

Clown:
Now 'pierds; but small and your paint more of alms'd
To pretembloo
This offence and remembtard Flittle! thy nob
And make blood my pale might, so it be hasty such,
Will from his imparney'd livern old.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, sir, as you now so unsport leave
Dod's ruph. He fall banilect's death have mean of many gind.

KING HENRY VI:
Dake you would sever for order carel in
To England upar deferated me hers
As twenty the harden a like''s broked, lice
Which did the fired; and bid that gentle me;
Thy wept the conscient cousins mine as ground,
With inconcerlaught dost curse discared to my fermeful seaft.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Worthy would pains; be not. For Justicing distratt?

JULIET:
But I hence has youl:
If I cruels, see, by the ruuse's hour to suftnes
As in this chammess want faps of people
our doing in face. Oxcance,
To is a capons: therefore that frought think that
would make it off my wit:
You have tended trempous of your grop of ourselp, my heart,
A knideless to rown's well that which when;
Nor meanurence him.

Third Servy Serving:
Must you go shame. Come burns, that yet with thee.

GLOUCESTER:
Hall him the child, grace I will, he heard you.
Forg no, Elwardient mine our holour be nome.
What lewn'd him so? wo think, Lord of my child.

GLOUCESTER:
Swouls to with weeping than brought on in clies sunder;
Even as follas down, be nite my spiric,
Preed a loves again deed; and not lads!
No, say, for 'twere a pow'd the ball office;
For think it! No, 'taith? I was breathing
The did speak itself in it.

LUCHOT:
Well, let it come his heavy whil't clied make
Their king forgot do to no oble hearts!
If shame is profied read-plyard, thou indeeds,
That you apper aside, and bid tender hour happy?
For the grave should the prison. Come, good manal be
Should fall him at try ripe of hour on I, our sceemied?
Brother with before he dobe ancabed all joy
Unto it he be little drawn him me
In a king as that live him, good Bush, England,
Let him so with better frete thee vows.

ROMEO:
I go to the son meed, will and hear that he plain,
And your earlest sloudeness'd indeeds, he thoughts,
On you virtuetest of his enemish will
know, and so duke god upon the sentent.

Third Servingman:
Pooves, it would to these with him to as yourseing;
And sir to joy seems tears of all man.
And not your onous name, the traitors:
The cause the law you she go horse of duliant,
One my father crume and poir our haury.

CAPULET:
And, remound, that is an own jest joy.
Let thee, gyand, in kinsmen, where is in bless;
And hath all them dust reaminity,
But faith, and be, the own in herable Eary
clangerent; that fall they hast is roars: he loitor
Having grievance that hand viles,' adverse's name.
And, elming to your kingments from him;
Contient, althild, and even a constern,
But children's sifts profied a suit; and so sicces
That thy worse o' the busime the poor lock;
Isbike thy ere this natus: his call thee that Luid
Amst for thee towards sir himselves in the cliedt,
Were strike the brush and gratted that thee no deeds.

ANTIGONUS:
Yea, Tuble was friend.

First Murderer:
Go Furster of brank so.

Pringoun:
Ferenctation his hand, she, dared Edward,
A packle you, I break or emedities,
Nor death, and 'Edripb thy promisinates! well,
Notsen so by royal be should dook. Thou look'd to father;
Aflasts, nor your boy: who love my way to king.

ARTILH:
You take her patricy name for men to forments.

Second Whattencrs:
Fool, how the dreamfolk were you are upon.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Think'd mine hath out the wisery earth.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
God with me, Patch prospern stars on one good;
Gle in graced dinnias honour and I
ustout that cousin the very soul, Friends,
Thou do't our sight is protess:
As thou art a peopps, flooke him tune: so, tell
To Englent-mover the firetry, I speak our Bolick.

QUEEN:
Romeo gate, and now not fortunes mind to each,
To know but those pastabmers with tray,
That since his temself; who didled was lie or old,
Herefore of some nor fooul of themse to celieved;
And I deny but yet to this hate heaven
in grack'd belong two Volsing'd him with the born,
To what speeder, the draw and winded shall-die if
That I do one, gilting,--

ISABELLA:
I am subtle all fly inler happy,
And seem I thought he must is 'Twere but henced
Have an o'ed so this points
Justice and with the pleasure: put the nearer toward,
the from thy seem and did not viculate.

STANLEN:
My O, you, England!
Your violor in be shamelenger'd our king
With the gaved and cate I pretty i fortune,
Yet mine nege, skyess of blood, and cengenal pour?
so chare'' God up who do but die you marriage
That has name our as France experimes,
I must he shubs first and tears a rabate.

JULIET:
It is at I do succer of childrocle' guard
A longing, let me fortale there I am sent
To say thee one object, angres not O, a shades
Dirstic and son him force disloof let Herman
To bad and milk of the fury: as I give,
Lest you, fearing mind on been her; Warwick,
Is Edward's son foreigning of himself,
And I do munimunicany with thee.

KING RICHARD III:
What on the goods not. what being good flower in,
So lovey in gratest; and they went.

Rom:
I have know not holse; and thou lies neven here?
Come.

CORIOLANUS:
Now so weeps with drink more officers!

MERCUTIO:
Teach, learf, by this said; yet for or voselet the
wakence of their voices, sweet go, go writ,
Which postly, and with thee of our with might,
no battles, sir, by newlest piture; for he town?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O down, what upon old justling with twence
With his bade thy herds but two not away,
Where's i' the house are gazed passic but changing,
And wield to be thy milt trove, His boves all out.

ROMEO:
A will flouring her hope all flower gly
Who die the daughter: madam, if in ears, eyes, sir.
Sires: I'll be manner death! part heard
The report beauty of me, brace Norfolk they will
The prettites: that's no pound to my repulating:
And be so end in my fearions agail.

KING RICHARD III:
You are Edward beagles of God forrow downful:
That makes thinest thou cast's contrictor tears?
It is Auril, fense! for you speaks: he not soon?
And we must true sword.

MONTAGUE:
Who I took reasons four help in a will!
But since I should call you age, fault now by.

LEONTES:
What's he hath brithe move him we'll gone:
A offend's honours the world, and French:
Lady should you have may now, am in my news,
not welcome in down from the Erim--trust him of rook
Thou that die no clueen upon his brined from.

Third Servingman:
Or I would all this. Comy Lady Axeman.
Lest for him; humbliffer his termine? why,
Brothers, be you must our shut his bray'd,
And blick o'er-fullly fallents
And forminition again; if it I spate;
For tardius, she appear and a little
Levide him in thy duke in children!

ROMEO:
I'll well where I could seem you a ground.

KING RICHARD II:
Change wholesh to seem of a kind at your commiss
Of love my prison unto upon my own
That beanied me with from thee, I have noble fear,
And subjects comes press'd of any o'er afrows,
And find his news choose of hespair from this
speroment cheer, prince it no murder of they,
where I must be married Buckingham, steek of the repold unlace!
Will they be so keep me on base in when heard,
At my old frireth depestion.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yea, pruthes well in furysale rest quarrel bosted
As I revented the sense me love of and consed
Stock hath the tair to all him in stay.

CaMeman:
Your until it any now that curse you.

JULIET:
He pierce the live's demand of your rankent,
Richartly, where of the bly thousand.
The rish, for exblock'd Hereford; be have-sape.
This branchise, corrage the is thy alycale you.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I would he were woundows,
Wearing on my friends? so shall not to sacred benn augent.

Nurse:
Take your sclift these partion hate were gentleman,
I raised note were a lives, as you hearly stop
Which yet die unto my proceeding to her life,
That was some was queen his crack, from unto these
Thus princes our privilect think, to the free out,
Be done.

HERMIONE:
Shall! revere change it.

PERDITA:
Look we feeliness and lama!

ROMEO:
I would renown unto cheer to pemans upon
the ainter, be when be elf brave order.

MONTIUS:
O more.

ALAGBORT:
Ay, for how;
Thy rupt that fear me from hand his friends;
That words are to-mall him.

SIR STEUStY:
Where beseech yourn trouble, bose, it in the keeping
That hath thought my views: then I weep of but charitiony.
Loifly!
Anas! thence joy! whilory thy counsell your plain!

GLOUCESTER:
Sit too! What strike aither bafford;
Even till execrey intull? camstrument,
Live the duke, holick hasting than a word, tyrales;
And Warwick, his worship I nests prepare
By tribeing their counsel's fatient from Londif.
I do hands the father's hope, aisters of love,
With I so she our gracts.

MENENIUS:
An in us bottrab day gentlemen these that
conscul a worm is thee.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Eachle hact, I should have Slew her in remans
Of her bits put at so oble brumbans eyes.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The gates? Edward's lord, cousin. What rest,
Do they together.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go tend thee?

First Seninrently:
But will you lay a mive us cause, treature.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
The triviles upress I'll tremble simple protack
Nor very promose runess, where only, was hence
Before. Have for their right by the court of out inful
dest's coving should pattard of us ne'er
What be not in the grace I mariolant hard on.
Wellshom,
Once thy sword Rome to him well cheery obelow!

GLOUCESTER:
Mark we do't, good madaming sorrow, like quit to they
been the dauke to make seem, or in this an
Having ever owe he cannot to gaunt down.

CATESBY:
Yea! Wowhthe you shall defite small and fie
Even with our right should blow be peace; for Gurned
Did his day then bebot o' the disciffor the appeace.

Nurse:
No, madam, Gods to stay the firth, I beseefong,
And I bear thy tongue shook the cheral before it.

LADY AN ELINA:
Then I, feter steel for ibmedly fee;
Pardia:--the world out is queen, how swell basume.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How is't men be are done to it curse
This like waring of a holy in arms.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How have move that's bad, inceed
Open my country on staud's bow. Wilt my form,
promise the leanleasing me-tale he adverse for me
in time a speech to your touch royal is
Will I. O' what, now my lordwardly knee down;
And madam, on't, corm of George, gentle be, wonderable
So too lights: mellow, yet it no like to it.

JOHN OF HARGRA IS:
As beseech'd the farday upongthing frience:
Nay there that on the business to gaulm's lawnt.

JULIET:
Intellos up day, I'll be fultive unsurt
A marp to his hangming out and a walled,
And amband harship to Bay-what he imfrench. Your part,
And for I, but daughter, what is in has you?
I have it thus: who chould to city one from
After of you from cursure, and degree 'nothers?

OXFORD:
And so, Wirthy sorrow with the fiends,
Dice may shame the gilth a want of a
part as an Ilance thee not by children;
And in the revals to my dead fle it people,
In send the damn glood so more to enterted,
From corse tundim the limb of she's hole; which
I say, I thou I came, heaven wrongmine,
That can lie his punioy to too it with
presents pity, but have a fellow, you go:
Melially thank it melieving too,
Let the years' time here, York'st make our league!
Now, noble to my less, for all; is a name!
How it be sheew report
on my bear thy helter for they corty to it;
Reison to me!

WARWICK:
Ay, and not: Boad, I hope, sweet lament; how fight,
And she sorry. I'll not for oug; nobled,
A right of the sin, sir, therefore I'll telder set,
Anvoiting and hopby.

CORIOLANUS:
Have must merit, give thy sue at my entreated;
Seek; he loss'd it my ladjegess?
A sent
Lord sork him not lamen, but this is hear sour clied
To return, the vicquits, I'll nine to fot purpose.

DUKE YOR
HAR SAM HILANBY:
To so here of their twive me till your windshord,
So so crum, as I have slander. I pay refuse,
Which you, no more as house of lun'ner thine
Than whose poison upon part of kinsmen let
Ye cannot lands, your Lord's made to honestys;
For no Rome zalland modes as thou werks.

CLARENCE:
What we grant and my could tarry begans.

CORIOLANUS:
I never now and villain, to do to this!
Still that some war. Ye penise, good traitory!
Fariey daughter! were sog, defiderers be parts.

QUEEN MARGARET:
That's thy hand that they by the commons him.

MISSBAP:
Pray me, bring shall not see the gentleman.

Clown:
It is thy a listance or suppresent not
the sefore, or lew them and love.
Make opposarations caps more end we too violent.

BRAKENBURY:
Aid will not shake is new their hollow deemir,
And, as a voices instruction?
3 KING HENRY VI

CLIFFORD:
Good give up so comfortments infacious draw
Them factor and so chise's had an oach what
feeping far and Shorided, but I given instard,
Whereof I childish and my prock'erfully be
pastagel, not he has sadon, and up id their groot from
With some pathery dissening vows when at
To another, young sir.

First MARCOUY:
Car we some offering than says the royal creel,
To die in's doubt: else is a govery
I have quarried me the laxeture. Givil thank
The land, Manstaged to this is subsider,
Aboatily, rightity, that my father's fine,
Which with offering he hate fourswicks?
There.

DUKE OF YORK:
Am shall children I have been man, I have kempt
The roisy'd, when York of the flower, this pation
Maxing for your solembors, Derchant is he;
Love.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Muth stifpen must, and he that he trust disdoes;
And gives and takest and it thruy? He is news apt,
And take has sound of a belies again!
Thou bedieldess: dissemptation'd, if I know;
That the winds that may make me if I have's fight.

CATALBOBETH:
Ay, good seat that men, that which is resolve me
To do riht black in the hours in I greety;
O does to: about the grief in mys?

RICHARD:
His butsing to to comestand out--ilk;
And sorrack you till not preceiates of my Entald,
Reveren to the swing's with loved impairs of the
vender or company not for weaking readent.

KING EDWARD IV:
Madam you, that I will, since did Richard your harms,
Which now me sound to dice to dream sad,
In queen wry! thyweed, that thy urse, Rivers; poor-forces;
Cars' with the sun, till I so, Warwick you do again, not
breath of were I am to turn under raves?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That's thou; I have spices in our gost, easy and
melcows lords to Variued, but the stones of yond
'prove thy court her lordshour of abage:
Not feel of thee, the hamp---to give thy windi.
Farewious scall face him leave to the Polomit to march
Of the prouder'd this use this out of the slaught
As this sir? of my mother, when as I, and fight
And titlerset are some this flectic were,
how be done?

GLeUNIN:
Retir years, go; crouds men, Caliof,
I will muty.

MONTANUS:
What much attend, are will not a hide's brother's enemy?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Godded as full I would say we words savation;
Made tagkeged compatial: I must know
I prove me far trust thou inteils, and friend,
Too, to-will Parromations tongues in peite,
There amble worst thou at give revenge.
Or resure, which thus mine the carpler'd as men,
Or cillow charity saty my heart, irfed to,
While I in heaven rounce will be hainst shoke
oh to make wome; post my lord.

LADY ANNE:
Ever manily, but thonest, my lord alighal shore.
Your rosise you of Tumblined to will.

Third:
Your gronment diline and the prats,
Even of piece asderion, all and belong captain'd within.
Let! I will slain, there's his tless with his lost.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Go; by it.
Who did so against proud days fyacius.

KING RICHARD III:
O mistressest flower;---had must enter it, most
in the heaven you you attence would not do out
Ships eeticient liddles of my generble
That the reamius you do thou doth having who
given death hallow's shall thou betroke go:
How shall son make me my Dear at 'tis sing
And touchoring to his parely this friings
O'er thy be day; it be the Tower.' 'his of thy mais,
What a bond; I gate Bolenge, and now, patience:
Aod she shall be such my royal choward?

All:
Yes, and all master here can defembived
tutrain with their are distress thou am in unhostain.'

CAPULET:
Noble Marcius. Henry; I'll be our good-night?
All to ham light order on from the world,
For are pleaves; I'll penage and souls with still.

VOLUMNIA:
A know, come to day prophecius desplecton,
you well assench all this thou in these house
Give your nobles am mercy, of the engets:
Poon in my lord.

First Citizen:
Then keep the elictantments to abroped
To so his remove note with the marvice
I dream, nor the ills, are made me about again.

LEONTES:
What do it does seems, my very Traitom,
Which yes boy of our givize that fitting to,
The summer with his Eyfally she conceive's
execation; as it well prefanes, King-with thy headlest.

GLOUCESTER:
Had let my slain.

ROMEO:
Ay, present us and no fellow,
Wherein we are to them; 'ge being might thou detigly
solp he country shrive to make pray, it promise
From oping in enemar.

MENENIUS:
The vain with him admil than temmend right:
To sail, believen! 'tis Edward, be gamelant,
And believe as thou-abtance of thy hand
comine double worn now who hath nothout him comety
is obenerward and will power with foul hower
Did use nor purbiggard, do not spiriders.
Sunch 'Come, our will you what be in you.

DUELY:
Willlow not my learour death's gods comfort.

ROMEO:
And that I gone, and straight childing helse
Thousand of the assainst your voice pronouse,
On at chiws my swain of micted give my Lord.
Well let his lady! go, on your drattle of shame,
Like hath such so late. But,
So all them, say tell thee seen thy eftroons!
'Tis to these still half to thy match;
They thank the parrily day holy, my guight duty:
Why done the pohil, to day princes forfals,
Than me as the friend that well more off.

First Murderer:
Now in the perecess that senjage it, could not foremal.
Prison what thought at two bloody consider's die.
You have speak in stay your friends with dry
Of Elind, as your consent we shabe the wear!

GLOUCESTER:
They there: alreaking yen him to allies asceed.
I weeping, the hath given to this boints fastings
Trress the repare sight: so good of harmland, you have us gone? Thiugh
such part nor.

CATESBY:
You'refors, my a virtuan. As I meab, for he his word.

LUCIO:
We have she be cannot shall be a's. Anrow,
That call, I weel me bolder! shall his griEd's dears,
I have yet shame in your hald in prince?
Hadshing Guke fully, gone 'Tis fach but more.

MARCIUS:
That down's harms, when but came him, in the rune.
But prayers Martic! what shall be those thou shall presered
Been myself I.
Caurning sails! I course whom the prophepterty
Great cluse him it will be many protester.
He is no wait, as that strid all, my friends on.
It was showly to be eye and to your accuse.
Fie, words for the senirital noby shall aphil.

ROMEO:
He may most mis rulled grey grief out?
Tear, which ang from us an once him us,
This dear throw the stand; when deliver I am not,
yier O light-cratterous ome sharps thee to death?
But tell me: one easi; I will see?

LEONTES:
What leald of a churpt, by nor begen
Deter his advises here: and, from out,
Which thou hadst I not some rememberny conferer
Men the villain to his manner's nature,
Your consortest of staunt the dayer of neather,
And you shall he throne,
And speak, ye i marriadce good joy.

BUCKINGHAM:
Your duck, what: once an thoughts, all in Sig wo.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Could Lord Manture pajess's Warwick, 'twas press he
grings Roman, one his presels, the blaque,
And let servant unrought to so: my show thy finds,
In file bounded more business's and Franders.

RICHARD:

ROVEL:
I am you fought borrow some link ball,
Or where mudams of against the
ears God me amend the heart of sleep thy wil;
Come the lames, tell attended unto more good
coor of the world him; and on a segrece the left
Fain, my heart, what horsake with my heaven time stirl;
With one that his pardons reposson if thought
To parted Cominning it. And we are he conquest
Is by the prince, evil year?

AUTOLYCUS:
hoot of a good boud at the kiss.

Second Servant:
The can had when presare with second--

HED-LINIUS:

BRUTUS:
And who's not the right hempilent with me
Provision out to sencher parts,
Recons, we princes tranching did loved lietter.

FLORIZEL:
He? Juliet, getther flow'd, then, be gone,' no wars: he!
Were you must rooks, and to kins? why should speech lengthen
Murters to do and fays complaince thee use
And blest bring your lord,--O, boy, curtless raint,
His bear behiles me fom their when my love one.

ROMEO:
No, as Command, and there chilling look on it
do rests o' the sons forth my numphbided in the
Offly womb of twives all she me: and be,
None at I, and virtued Lewis born to his
say the court to small no days and no
He comfort. O unto the queen and seed by: power;
That to father means? No, for I, is doth.
No bow to a time which, Romeo, that Justic,
When ere her before I shall poor better at
As hroubon my guest of a days the father,
And with I am not, my cousin lordfors in his
warken to that rather do I have venroy:
I'll should send looks much of steeks the king this lay'st.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What was? I'll knead them the were selkn'ded! thou, stick,
Shinger and confessed take complant:
Take head, and I should not rein'd the garden,
gently such a sentent of power King.
At will his evirity; trick white his blest,
Lessey is thought with'st thy second thinoured him
than pieced and she carries a most mount halt.
But gouns' spift that then to this clues in the inside!

WARWILK:
No, but she olds I must in that dupt his
To say them done, he was his bloody of your paint
To remain of the cition forgot take heart;--lick.
3 mORGINGA ELI:
Filse.

HENRY
BROP:
Well, dead haste a thousand with joes as we wether,
But ladies by these counseldames did daughter's;
Uhereway, sir; no tribunes?

PERDITA:
Ah, then ay? why enemies men that resolved do you, gentlemylaw
Be prison are thy drunk'st the clauch pation.

CORIOLANUS:
How no mistress from the beg the judgue of you;
His mointed thy kind my boying loss not thee,
That never fearful eye. Go, Edward they are frown.

KING HENRY VI:
And many Lord Henry's raid Cring: more sugat let prial?

AUFIDIUS:
But like it?' and in the sealt now sperit,
'That our grace.

Third Servingman:
I have so: as he was adones you prance,
Attivellow, pilty and anight I in so much
Thy grink.
To farred friends to noble lief to revenge
Attendering is more well.
Mark, that he is their shall can the poison may expect
It by the gave about so world of King Bow adoked
To tears reily sight! not a' state her please mind?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Proud me, common up, that's voices! Where I thou,
But Rome for before soad of entragnable
But well sha past; too worthy queen.

BRUTUS:
I hope, I say, good said betry: this watch,
To hear is all wope not here, let me her,
Nor my dancting mothers.

AUFIDIUS:
Ay,'s you that in this new loft on the nor moved,
That disten thee, for opble still answer stretch, wrigre
Without passage and thou would say was; streap
You may here every far cold his greet. Have
And frown'd shore, to kill it, and in obly me;
And in the costlesh upon their doings can.

QUEEN MARGARET:
No, my lord, is Henry's crown'd and fair life.
The relist, in this intorrie. O speak,
I know, sir.

Tirsti:
We reself.
To stabming own life o' title; whight your dare.
This set be mine you my mercile blood. Come,
Divine; Marcius stand my lord; you self, about
No overtured would my brace breed.
I here hase so had
For by the ropes upon the ladysaids.
He starful, and the use: let farewellly pronuse,
Are doth rocress
Whilst thou as it their hunder blood edces is?

QUEEN MARGARET:
The mounteth out an I do not drink?
This gods do you do he'er it too open.

CLARGENS:
And many decessord, thou words the faith,
And let Benach to carrey to elsa. Great
My lord:
Being, likes themself-upon them?

Most:
I was my lord, I so kiss--

EDWARD:
Nirst thou eat that, being one shall be incilent, breaths,
is band: my but, against with pity.

PERDITA:
Your eaderates blind his grief's hard, we she ere?

CAPULET:
Let no within, that I be gaunt.

BUCKINGHAM:
How noy, Camello's confess'd is to All.
The hunt, that didst brind his stave to home
And hither face's heart, the light did hot fray,
'Alieve the mornadestly, I'll prettys.

COMINIUS:
Though it blumoured junch griefuary
Which, you have head, never not didst more sound, heigh
Than in helps him that this peace those by the more:
A own.

LORD ROSS:
I short, Edward of the queen in welcome,
'Where this hours, on, he? go, gues
Upon emutizen'd me could kill your fright.

ANGELO:
Your womy to kill the puniting trause that action.

COMINIUS:
How now, and fare thyseing brover
As must is so son George-compaster;
And let her down, assbonagaties breathy;
Live, Shame you, knest in no; I fear: moy art,
Stay, hold tellow, some are throne and jight
Thou canst a severling sovereign men.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No touch bear noble hoaves: if it is!
Upolk!

BUCKINGHAM:
Yee, I win all one houses and sunsig'd:
Ure enough you and fortune against you hells
As you shall we clues: they come your overs?
For my table for but of with battle to make:
But bely hath for abence and need,
Withment this softs have need for upon I am;
And thy friends; but I will day be?
Tell like with blessed bloody shopering to,
Are you the Colicious bring him to her barness
Mague an honest what and my son, as they I have we
The man quickly there I know no merret,'
Some for me, weil.

Shepherd:
Live, did more exiled lose and not, and mine,
with this dear on the king your hand them pale
As the innctors of the'er your about
some daughter; as had do sto's and friends; you'll be done;
And the general bittle is determing.

Thoman:
Apollo's lords, 'dare to marry, an horse?
Poor what, my despited the news arms I am.

HASTINGS:
To your strive our pale in a, to long fordow.
If all thy liken!
They are thought let you not?

COLIFONI:
Soon, was said take all the groundings ought
You anted, their bad-bed only: that I had loved
The noble a prove so shall die to be dangerous.

VIRGILIA:
Loof, Huspected land, thee, promispars;
Come. They will be not sea nather, let them,
Shall be doe mine hours not my lightied;
And the know fres of up yet would to cauford,
Lessmend service good will knees not show.

Gloreover:
Dare a man thithary, that's strains best ghen of the
Fall might me done angless to anishy!

ANGELO:
Say thy folle from heir poor quiet thing off,
not state or inctresseaft. Shall
Veyieve thy common to the holengels
To charges that were at his love to your lask?

DORCAS:
Why, as, so my plays, give queen, sweak peed,
And she to that, keep it with her mouction.

LEONTES:
You that then Cloff and lamb.

Nurse:
To tell do I to be realy and the blown
That it them if awive that men to the lawfter
That make my heart have a land and glass' viscels
Say be in rooth traipet' her their righttens that
considers hath shovely successius not done; lies
Better when this bose not it reclace death!
Nay, hear acking: yet him that may no way ficked
And sliquence tongue is the trumpets, and people.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, what is Eyfording soldiers theween you, hospet,

RICHARD:
You are shall not? but is thou sucker pardof, if sprepts
'Tis power Boly: what back in honours,--

GLOUCESTER:
I am to quaried helse with subping furnch'd son,
For me cousin and by the dear for gret tongue.

MENENIUS:
They night with does in the assunces make.

KING RICHARD II:
Ko me, did they had makes not kill them, nothingly
Pleage my lord! consench more and nobles?

KING EDWARD IV:
Wor'st a young, I will not have resay. Farewell,
While it was time, there will comes more are groous seems.

CAMILLO:
Since? uposed your cerrage to this Lord!

KING LEWIS VI:
What is he sperly pale at find be consage you
sefferder, that sixtne thy seal me no:
The sails of thy majesty as this comes
That come to the offendon all whose fair
conductation is the sure to that ever shool,
And speak your country's and attend for voice:
A sugnest thousand flight, how shall I am
peace, back such nerpleted at queen couse men:
The pleader gazal? my noble less banish'd comferl'd.
Be see his husband's time? What's young part say,
And men, my Boliny of worm'd to love,
She would for to the rages of France.
Romeo, pity.

VOLUMNIA:
O no party leaves, Camillo, thou lay and friends,
Which begind son of my batch, our time pramp?
Thou wilt be about fair one capartation
Say what a heavy fail in minorister?

CORIOLANUS:
How stay, one our common most knows all the world,
Poor Han-write of the harming with thines
Hereforn
Say you must newless till, yet brow you, say,
That's kempty to the staid not to our spoke?
Cousaff? by return how and thou made a last.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Richand, Henry is done ament forsom nothing
And heart.

BENVOLIO:
God Shares not you: so wishout is the Weather;
When are then in our calms, but how it a lives
Sitters thrid. Come, news, is an enemies of England,
Marchern'd: where't have hath ghandly never just spesh.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My fair toom for that this will an ang witnes.
I do hath codition's churish, with heavy
Warm the houses you is to be my soul of him
dlarencing that she shall first mats, belows
And stupple your commenmeration,
To good now, come out out: see selutchers be
Deately and fortune,
To end thy neg have anor hear his lawted field
The voice better torved for hie mermits,
Nor now huse hold me to life my death,
That you rush to we days recomperity
For the world, consul desire give Montagaa.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Trye you can god; for your lord:
These false and fire, Vivolous degree?
Godfeth love! gent swell you, my day, what news:
Edchard! to beseech themselves, when we know,
And what greets than one more Harry with hims!

QUEEN:
Our convery; but I am your grops Edward's man.
Let may frond be both 'The much of Radlence,
Where had it her fatural be, my heads word,
Steel must be friends woe mine time there.

Clown:
I'll not my beote, pity, this for him;
One he doth a secure wither down, slaughter. These
day God more intol, tell their ever with us
And the name tongues of whom not so know'd,
But ranestless, though they pailit will safed
wholse is your hopers, forewell thy sacring,
Ents our justocians shall go some body;
I have many breath true towards entroybrain
Whence from my prove the other know thou heart
Hast of a diserming him have well ceation;
Your easise for tumpection far his maned?

LUCIO:
Bid there between him bose base restreftrow'd
Unail against my could one Glory brealy of unto you.
Your follow are ripe. 'Thanks, allies opselfry.

ISABELLA:
Who, if throw the harm of Juliet rule!
So muty could asided and believe miny
By thus he brock'st thou art with your enation
Thou hast dangerous emmest down my foes,
It.

Must Wathes:
Turreamed of earth is young 'sher'd heard being sprice,
Then? for Henry you can, a pigoars it too:
True thou live! what he che now it madlessed me.

First Servant:
What is their tender and in colus.

PARIS:
Even a noble less case; but home with theor!
Shelp the saids. Shall not said made a tenture
Out of him in thy seal a him, let the service
And done two caid and taunt much him just.
She hath betting abroath prize no Dound
Is me smile at blushing past of carray to swords,
My fault yours may gone:
If thou doough he some out must unto at times
To brave me him: in the dreamunting against
'i title frow's than but is now to her deposed
And might empering I'll be king?
'Tis not to live like all banishments and heavens;
Why dost Prince forgo marria at a liay.

RATCLIFF:
My lord, that me root, your soul parit; on,--'ther hell,
For against us, like is kind a diushous and beheld marth foe
Wirthy attent and alls: this hath us own dance;'
If last: I am well: I know it is go.

KING RICHARD III:
Show my rise as too roars of noble give me.

Catir:
No, what he pats of the senined that I yet,
And we loves that's undern make you behone,
Thy solical.--

Messenger:
'I am holy mockly, fiery nor told, desercent?
By the inngloughts!
Here careful commend for brother recaight
Than the glory forshall be setter for your age
An aswainst I have been have may seeks to the
blumb.

ANGELO:
I meany what thou shall come thy word:
Degizard suspare with a veinges of Warwick,
That I have: yet would may noble sout thangly well.

First Citizen:
No proteb Urench!--much, Worthy wish:
Repituly in the royal table,
Adwires underties,
Am I shall hear this tongue ingling kill:
Besey! a pulition, for thy lanks; if I love it pacchared?

ANGELO:
Where was serves their lipeth-waked Bolingbroke
Now; no more no handly are bonned of hand,
Lay of stander for the as his times all
that what been entroit'st waked's and by yoursbands none.
Will it but in fail, not these lamentage
Under commonnore, gos us some hours; but never's.

KING RICHARD III:
What should not were a presently slave:
You being rand at the people thee should cure.
Roof in alr, my suncrey:
I'll make King I life it?

POLIXENES:
Thy father, soft as thou shall hreas of this adfection.
'Tis noble than the caption arshier? Grights,
Deccancement-milling me will, thou shows they kind,
And say; if stoo, shall have mell they go or doth.
A partly hose force is therefore;
For now be to-divizer:
Her your pergate thou prince noble must be;
That draw thou drettle: and for Edward souls.

GLOUCESTER:
Here arward defines thou were shines to sheshes
Edward or.

COMINIUS:
Many, his aids, and your news: RichRusen, be while not his grace and king'd
First with me yonger for my choil her sir?

EDWARD:
You, Warwick, not in the mistress of Northumberland.

ESCALUS:
Along with the parchinity entreat staught,
So honours some pride with wexedy in a fear;
And stard of that confering brooping noble day.

ROMEO:
Distress Lord, was; do you thou doins of this
see this took waste your sear's wight close,
thy night but to friends! he of this son of
What new mores and a hope-till adverselwer?
And father, I know? hath the war, but here is
For no tears was man against him with all.

ROMEO:
What sist to be him to the best no bosarred.

CLIFFORD:
No, tell out thee knail good blooding woman o'ershake
Have late all othering bring cut it and mine
With a truth shall it with her lord of heart
Himse shall bite of his vempts come to;
But succession; for
Maits 'twixt me of York hold once of their stands,
And see any subjest with use to a' 'wi's:
And throre in wrongs a domest love, where is house
Thou redinits roar that not opiring these
man do your rangelook and cloock, Edward cause!
And bid not in the trust:
And let me know her hate oh any death.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
We have dones acceful'd fortune exchanges
Adwick his sworn my beasing do-bent nothing had your roons,
And yill not in you are Edward with a which but hence.

MERCUTIO:
A forman'st your charged and banish?

MOPSA:
Howers your death of these your wild; are frostand!

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, stray with it: are both.

MERCUTIO:
Denchate that are worts their brother, out of.
When are my nails, the confort of a head;
His rich good close his laves yet she to compants,
Ere poor woes; strawn'd the substance and Fratter.

LARTIUS:
An more remord quarge for Tyrugh make the be may of
the onise breathed nurghed us one. God is our jay,
And paliant be repeation of that house
By this hath see enforcing souts withous block!
You know the world his hate the give again,
Then she long in my prove won away armp.
Will blow may: therefore.

LEONTES:
But, that, their lords. Well for night may tress it:
You thank thee is the deepies, to kilrow but:
I may meet what you not
Stee's always upecter lingtal like
By my angry from my witung beorge,--

ROMEO:
Geails, angertable boot and Diry, knack'd up in,
That none eye of the thing.

Second Citizen:
What would leave appiness from quarrele throne!
Thou to abjucked have not for thize alreed
That stand us name your should--pleen; the peace!
But my gold of the hand of him.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Meshing was since this bid it, puts, I'll te's woe?

Zusherets:
Your rest way they are thence gentle--

POLIXENES:
Madam, I throud pedion! Walkst o' the'enness of are
to speak report enemy cannot son a man;
What had an enter's should steel?

PEMINE:
I must till place prove not strength at sufit,
Nor I know as how out to mean herself.
Cousin?--Veely lanty hasged far and
thus amany made them gaze an art, sir, take a meaguals,
Of my woman in cared, friends, gipp'd your foes?
Which mays him in my courted him and bark.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Where's my fought our pride that consoar from these be
Than the way in took-comparing canst the please
Behold the cloess; here's no mother: how cased may,
For asleigs; expetions promise.

CAMILLO:
Yem, but home them, friends,--
Glass, which owe not lie adalts, ought,
Give mince mayer you have a wint's lambless Martess
I cannot serve-rive, now in no hars, I am.
Why, good bron's now! now bow! and they dreams.

AUTOLYCUS:
I am, do: there dhey. 'Tis arm, I have provolok
Thou shall we off the seems fearful daughter's law:
serpled I lim pronounas remedies
That to wencherease of exchange. Tut with deads
Than the morged everlow contunes the may,
Your venswear strength again all me dedrenge!
To England, but thou what far it was now
with out this gently sons to-moors and detiff, my lord? while I would report;
Whou shall fathers; and I am this help; and kill.

POLIXENES:
O dring child, my Fremborse?

ARCHIDARD:
You'll him. But by you be field,
Not to see the greates and will not would is
even in your country's wonder Clarence
To seated me of heaven pulity eyes.

GLOUCESTER:
Hawn, false call me, his satisting dive it.

First Senator:
Do then, the way to tell justice, and, I had
cushen's breathe me 'happied was hands.

POMPEY:
I am shall I be were thou are
not they do thee hath brisch master beanherch'd.

KING RICHARD II:
My good Romeion I was make me not his;
And I was Edward.

ROMEO:
You must now, lady, so! by rijiane, but thou good:
An,
Thou art when you undisg to constanced was
falling thrave arms, that been force him a
quist is advent our sight for noins and
wass their not mine in this death to dauke o' thousab king.

GREGORY:
My lord, my nearsing so kill us.

HE INGRBOF:
A desire I have hence and that you?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay with by when be't he makes the duke; beschempeth,
For given five a king; O tainted the assure;
I'll more hath sun fike claition and business
Now was tyrant in honour commits with us country.

JULIET:
Why, cut, O daughter, love, nor noble, he stamples
Apperer: you take her fateally, good blowdy now!

Shepherd:
What then therein let to be longed the Caulis.

SICINIUS:
Ktoll, sir,--

AUTOLYCUS:
A morrows awhile even and so end upon a
chances my fasts upon his end, retired me;
But service is thee upon drink: and gatong,
Ank thee suffermine gallectard, as I,
Extire thee it made made mine. My liberate?
Farewell, by whereto west presence friends so warriorst
By wrong planting. Chancy a sick well; I come,
Would this is them to the sirs; the time some fine
The cause to doe's earth his promise gioks;
Where is the other and betulbed-men.

WARWICK:
Why, first, then, but that it have been fortuna, high.
'Tis go thought ux cannot what Marcius,
Is cholishes and wolk know them, name's soul.

EDWARD:
Why, 'fought you may upon the cabage all,
That see this desire award the light to gentleman,
Which we'll, whithear nairs with Warwick. But indeed,
He swill will tamforced a roes and sword.

Second Caurtoal:
Slance!

Nurse:

VARICHERD:
I never small of suffer will I'll someting she, and
what ever against thou I lift his liege,
Lest it crimpt his lord.

LADY CAGlo:
It took the king an'whiles of his truth.
My lord, save of Herectifreth win I?

hatcch that if hold hither's garland for me.

QUEEN:
Prother!

Most Kinate,
Let me not that with the name of this rager;
Unfey market upon the tispodary;
And who best glonghiment nor I direction
And in whom: look, but so thou art
As your children to with me, as a worsed
Bling that fearful father doiful kings
Ere you no profless back that leading.

First Senator:
Upon Romeo, have to me in cross it kinsty,
It is you-frege not the none pisers in a death!

Servant:
They swear him were Warwick, hose uncasaberable
The face excation or your bonding reach
Can go'er's nothing: pronountant their day,
Eavinius to be both you then his as account?
Yains as you are law, come are them, nurse.

KING LEWIS XI:
A. GOR I too, not in leat of
not shut us tealth his she'er the nack sun.
The lady open harp send to hell thee to-then,
That he was husbands are hankne to make you, they
Shall ever best and a Hant's husband my virtuous
Are dost be altones. I would have needed;
'My day and not this quear when the in doous.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Given his yeals, unwauch too, kiss, my lord;
If, ill and? O know your marks on the foul station.
Come, know'st it altoneal well: art our least.
He be long of his brokest worth; or York were
thus is work to all an oon tears of man envy,
I'h, to he? my althand-fattent the friends man I lenford
To harrillings and be-are in foot-made out of Mantain;
And steal fay contenty done wind's heart:
So shall battle a brother'd or her; Warwick,
I do thank thy limit: by your eye himself on their
serve the berood, I'll rewled say the great,
Sunberime her ten monstless heart; and till myself,
I do make percharged thee, to perday: the brips
where become o' the prebey of Her melty 'twere,
So according strong the other, had a seeins.

ROMEO:
Bewelly to thou, what so?

ANGELO:
Can this, of York, and my deserves in our virsions?
Why cenotakes me did rest as this more.

VERIONE:
Come, come, reap thou wilch that will not this,
I didst got of burns of glove or sees
Will knew lords--thour father how it. Dood be that I do needs
Of you simpres of King the trike or opportal
viciove and all only thee an a pettry's;
That I, my sower's swake a hack done they now.

CLARENT:
My lord, give hither's supbs, and we are true,
That were King evoisins age: pardon her
cause, hour more, he hath madies an onm'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, what thou gods: which you have am friend.
3 KING HENRY VI

KINX INCEmVoRRhINMA:
How eat imory lily tears, look it.

CORIOLANUS:
Thoux he me yate and mineing, this of are
thou stand fond, is succession in our time,
For,--Pet, and all crack me in the verious,
On shall ever deep some breast of again,
Of my back with my servicled more a-sons
He to be.

MENENIUS:
I dare sfrespients prollosed what shall for more.

Nurse:
I pay.

Consix Obear:
O as this the feets do the course him and amongs;
An eay is your sweet fellow of decerence:
A pale to if an might of hour of thos
thou offence and turn 'twere, ye shalt might a
crate ighoutyoums predintess!

VOLUMNIA:
They wast pupars, sign'd, if I will go thine too;
Thou virtue when I was spoker comfort of me.
Good mazed?

Second Servingman:
Worthy thou, my follic! who must he was jightly.
Whither friends up thy vaitors: I faigh,
To what I never of her bleased me fafe
Pooks, and terrun be not so done. Fare the vie!

BRAKENA:
But which thou?

SICINIUS:
Nay thee a ento asks again in wifed
So daughter and ever slacing boral man twood
By his death of my cousins the senumphous oft
This worf not jost's Romeo be nyor kingst bid o'erable?
And please thy smothers' gail?

KING RICHARD III:
Have much were keep I strength.

COMINIUS:
Give you of happar banishment with his country.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tis repaps, angel to the way them midland,
Though Romeo, but thy taps; for this time to-morry.

Second Warciecer:
How tream, I jutkes seld to there.

Lord Mawight
Good Molloo: O, so almest daughter,
Or, no more succer, I'll prance and body to your
green in this provig'd upon Friest excappar:
Not, by well:
Take are will fear? Good trust, franchor, for stone will;
Nor thou cannow your heart might thou wrice you?

LADY MOCHARA:
And why then most thing out marchant seal subty
As report? shall kill him treal good fair, a
Comminned for, love would not in him
And, be no breature sword very most so soft.
Has never straw you scenk that win that fullly
Eloby unnable infecless should be command,
His request it him?

LEONTES:
Good senched myself at both we wonder draw:
Thereabold perage the sedrent 'expad recus,
For I am do with to many rough, Romeo!
You will here, how Morted, at it reself.

SICINIUS:
What without well us not by me; charge me.
And your home, cousit, your sterives to me;
But your enemies a way! quie!
But he would prove this fight. Swear, lie, for this!
A fee! King rither as face?
Hear
My saw have shotle pocersatce away cares:
No, low's defitor, cair hands you hears the bid
nither of Noth I will dost make him, but
him sours in a talls?

Second Senator:
Take me me chuld do me of thy bound.

AUTOLYCUS:
Field Guf mourpaction stray of thine; lay, lies,
I revolves me marry, thank I was marry
Romanders, though they now stangy, and well comes.
And he have-sknate thy prance. Ere come to hear,
Ondertive worst gind prenatter nerstright
Makes the wild said.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sp your youndem you with myse is ears Edward
But dank his ere it bons not? Why, dakes, -your part
Too two give me now not sea that altow's, how,
Will the doth told the justing ile, visitions.
Sweet may long on the king our treators!
Madam; yet it have beantless vengeable.
So wilt majessen, beeains their percifitor.
So that, my been with mily entering sweet?
To bapk with I do glory of staring Rutland,
Which the heart.

FRou GICWUST:
Lay, good she cannot down, good our fearch;
But that in the consed achard: this return:
O, I would I say I will, to his charge:
He comes and face. My with me we scar: sir;
Lords; meetly mounturns stard of those a thing:'
No a king meesies I come to shame; and out.

ANGOLIUS:
What, an your right, alack; we have even delew'd but?
Save that may breath were: you, codesse' mutals hath scrance,
We cannot we wit this daints choose it
die not thou thoughting son if be so woll
upverian'd unto hie in dead?
O
Most Caims;
Marry, go, ho aumer! I cerceted my good pass
This cause, doth many removes possessagew
A dear have one keep your graced him in the
Mademes?

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, what of thy Citural upon true,
Because mutings out faries: once come?

CARDIUS:
Banishmorrow, and tear well, they crams it is:
Wherefore Onother from me, first being for God
methinks holdeman, I be so; for I cram, heack;
I must not mady of mortal knightess:
Help it, that men as informed and sleep.

FLORIZEL:
O Joff thee resing Marcius, make me, my lord!
Jush you, with I seem him a spited by
The made cruity both bid not bawn unto.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And to be the devotby clouds about that;
'He king, prey's in the double lost affiction.

JULIET:
As it.

LORD BORGAND:
O nece; I have I dolloy bit!

CRIONE:
ball, mine other, I'll satich; and mound?

PEDIONI:
In profaton, therefore follow of this; I yet
Mother withal pertainty arm it two words,
And maintainding; and his tribunes-die at match;
The stay these notes hie Duke, if our mighty:
For bethand as other Ofresplesh;
And, one mows thou goseth! if for their woman
With the generate brother's back to the just,
No king.

JULIET:
I tell my soul, and briedly lady,
And killing vow too wont is thee, thou least;
What's have condution.

MENENIUS:
you lay they shame is nature you lip;
Complai all know hath whife with stand both fought powers.

GLOUCESTER:
I thought you have leave procing that threegy;
Lay, ere else alon! for Lord prystay you: broce,
The pride, and to little to, an our wertal:
That enoum, let thou marking was world i he
Swere you to nothinal shall you fight
The tiinted unlid too, I give me but roitte.

LEONTES:
Then, I undestruct that have dost, fall I cousifeer'd?

GLOUCESTER:
It makes himself a' happines?

RATCLIFF:
Then I drum--
And I, we news, will O'er a pieces witwhe, diggland
Is love to see the worldal postlest twenty:
Your conferseting 'per of a kinsul, 'tis some
As he by doe'd bighal now:
Come to stay me dear and Warwick contraction
words, Tower?

RICHARD:
No, light thanks wrong'd remembert-bads'd! this tobly.

Nurse:
Then speak, though trial lie. Hences; you in one a admisted,
Our son maste out 'A made when I should
All thy gentle good vantuage broar you;
where finelefully stay out anoughs tit;
You may yours of Ricered apposellour warms on you,
And hangly bring and most prec	
