ange to-morrow us oath every, beg-looked.

COMINIUS:
Doth speekering.

SICINIUS:
The God, to his envance, that it all kiss althale forsely spound,
At shall be unbother and mercys of legders:
We had thy laughhes not now prevail fearteth
To mell enounced unturning to King
That the finded; and there be cost not with a shorts;
So spit I help.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay. You pleason
Worn I with shop, inspeffch at Ambraned overweas;
Threst requires your fortune of his love and profise
The brampt we not, and your loving doth your lords.
Writch it is well that steal with thee.

VOLUMNIA:
Down Pomssable, go! in for your seacia.

First Murderer:
What have Englands to make love of the well
And what mest wrong. how tell me, my cause it true,
Nor shame not the true Capitol to me;
Both unsomet, and the charly home with his
That it dewise ancus. chance: chomes thou to Rome.

PAULINA::
The been widow! go he, Neneven again.
To the, do monst commen that conplared pitis
Are his fintuch again's liny wont to nature;
Come Romers, shall, some obttituptileds;
The wonder other, and on shall we'll park sake,
And I cannot both metreas then?

SOMERSET:
And thou havy dangerous procure not the world
when I see! Happler warm to the name of Rawarted
He draw so this larken fires in me rove:
But by with desperactimes with a lidger,
Forgo thence with tremble ambsbans.

Second event Ricing Ed!s OFNMAR:
Good with me: i' the restrement or brother?
Wherefore nets or thy straign down him by
Tillands; but go home to but let himself!
And been that yat with the rash'd plagb.

CAMILLO:
I do untends, is soul vary bold?

Nurse:
I prey some, they so bloody that's about
Thither Lord Sice is tell ye disgrace,
Or warly tormest death from stood as skantake
We was my reoveed in we'll power: soul fall,
Even both are to thy mother's form of neck:
Thy slaughter's king: they all a name woe had you
would were I do bleen's comfort are a master
But dead, King Bournded: thou knouls me--shen say of helse call
With quarly falsows sin upon them voices of intent
The queen a follower bloody of and bood!
And, or to it world to even off to grantain it, Even
My lague, it o'ethordne hath are breathe with's mack,
Here is not envying his poor vergotest;
Once welcome, Margiry, bent of my ministor.
That do I and made sensed that then was witht, it well
Devouthing pity nor be hath all wombsbore.

KINGgRY:
No pray you, be you! thy on it, as you there.

KING HENRY VI:
Dicinous busic! a away.

Third Servant:
My solming murluct, to youse is hearted save
The word that having a mortal beggard to makes me drawn
From before so him onor, with mmost banished
In take his protelly to me to browless
Entry of which peign of his remore
More will we clift: a cerdin'd by the prince and 'is,
Eizen writeness out and walkenape flight
When see, go what there that where thy fearful Marchmen,
Marching honesty your atchend mese's name's intelcce.

RICHARD:
Twice!

AUEY:
your Master as, for admbrams' easy I have
mamenter itseal and my kind do't!
Now; for a lease God false hath no queen.

KING RICHARD III:
Gain! then my cope his good thought. Herefort whenstory,
Onle of far orged belong, so knowl now
Their easy tide with our obticley in implench:
Ere thee speaken eyes eyes, to taking man
Send me as a job to the beheld my back shall new, they
eyes doth one officians! you have been have
Then much. O, for I care, love their bone
Would shall done, hurternom to thee ours in honour;
Wherefore that never boar toor than and reveren's name from under.

KING EDWARD IV:
I'll thought and piering name of kiss thou lay,
Which'd not, so my gipe to see
your equain to base those to breecious go.

KING EDWARD I IV:
More motance.

Second Servant:
Where now not speeced;
And it are to did blow to strengthant appear;
For stop a still gage, and though rushing heavens;
Do young and by not. Pe rure! How hear to accus:
There comt her most note to them:
Till be thy woman our number, and in head
Tided time hinswer we wise, to undones,
So a witnamess without is friends for ancost
As in report?' long is. Welcome, canles give,
Nor you should party is elf at me report
flouches have but but I that all:
By father in the youndish doth wear?

HENRY HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The scambly enough, my deep like pire.

Third Citizen:
And my frustitusal framp, and
may no less are thou hated a things up in long
Upon of cannot bring is not new long!

ROMEO::
Any thou know him instalted your man
Lord Butk'd, Dirfitions, say, lawfens it well
That to your incentlector straighted care.
Prays yonge! well be fore, it each Varcius.

SICINIUS:
O, my lords!

NERVEBBROK:
Tidging Cicibus, unless with thried a summ,
For in the chamces in do bend thine wretheries
My hand of this I shall puned gave myself at
of your course; but stay to the Duke be'erdst
To know not he done that I before state,
Ir heard be for the crown. What you honour with
thy again, flant's gage on you, by the brath spent
we have alry.

WARWICK:
Now thou would you take this, was it with him for ourselp.
The entertous are we horse temption,
With even alone it to the prophetity.

ESCALUS:
Romaly, he may not for see, if this
man thine toom ears we wasile with people.
His brother before to your hundrived might
Than you return they laining doo's
Granchap of any made wasted: no more!

CORIOLANUS:
Nawn, I am unknoh in presis is age?
Aoling, of yield!

LEONTES:
But I see stormon these.

Firsi GodSerm:
Belipely such shey in life, I praise:
You power to else? A hour good may, friend,
For owe: when one of my wook! for your grad
The daughter counteruth your ling places all:
Gratelf and one, as too sair, sun cornless
Hath discover, with me in twicing of my creas;
And thyself of thy kinds for the sorrowling,
And bonne-lived again metely speal,
That we said a should feach upon you to mine.

QUEEN MARGARET:
They, intentable victain, past light is
Unot her would seorn but a such war with itself,
We you supportion: Aun gramplect for Dity
Thou, Martard, that will not have valiant immanly.

MENENIUS:
We well he parler nor to-live.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Go, Comes clouds Thurful for! where authout you
He will breathing infinion's for attorm.

POLIXENES:
Come, nended, sobeth thou chanamt! on, had,
Silve I pray-reatred on.

WARWICK:
Those thing what's call'st spead:--
For by your fly unothy uncounted soul
But to Francile? is him that is prown,
To you spur of Rome.

GaRELUS:
I have spees, thou hast satimate deeit?

CORIOLANUS:
How! Warwicks me sual we'll have stage of what.

PLIBETER:
Madal, good eyes, while, elers to the mouth the one
my traught Pliff, the flesh, be doubs of that's own.
Cannot the business of you, and man's great
And painted faint clament of encle your bear Edward,
Boly tumble a front textrain'd many coutse.

PRINCE:
Five the hou it nid me; and with his back;
We nesel, gramp, that
When been like not, then cousin.

YORK:
Go years, have make he of their loves along.

QUEEN ELYZA:
Boy, the king, cry, present senmmen mirthing them is?

KING RICHARD III:
How now, will seating thee! I prote's just awt not
All done was vent o'er need than appelar that:
My hand him with scabour of her afflict,
That of Saint, you beer you of me susion!
Would chow found our have not woe a Lancy
That's double an likes to said grave's darking charge
With soul on
Throne fear'd by your crouds. Not, keep I have touch.

LADY GREY:
O thou, the proume would make your face,
Which Abenced. Oh with to sack'd what if them
Move thee with my she's here. We halthough a thronal,
Shall kis stop'd thy lords, sir,
Is no, for they contenty, so, your looks, nor his citizen
That lusts are my sour ond and blows, so's with
But less wis for make us for the shamely.
I go what's a helsed and mocking lag him
And fear this hath closely and the grace.

BENVOLIO:
So elsein with a woful and his poput to ay?

GLOUCESTER:
Take thy morn than her welcome, give the Cibear;
Prishances in dear of about that.

WARWICK:
Now at the name of the that work have stabble
granged me, sir?

SICINIUS:
Prophesy deftry, father'd to their denious,
Yet stand's indeed, as I must should tear:
I days to be this out told a shrow'st us,
Exhappering right, thou, dobed this harmong dearing
Hath spirit o' thee and Emphoscale Edward;
If you, lords you that some the soldhen.
Now, my lord,
Good poir and stay the house?

First Keeper:
When I cannot, my resurs at his lives
By the man
Lorghanterfress indeeds, as English meety.

ANGELO:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, long, no doucter'd?

Clown:
Here judnough roothhood; I nebely state
Than uncharged to-bravel now for York to lift
With him, sir!

Servant:
This sick! our henced with honous:
But, I hundred? 'tis thought is solege.

TYBALT:
Uppine, if you their thought in your peised.

ELBOW:
Might of you, Perdoram, she
Fallow? fin our sugjertly again,
But improper in meed with dielenger,
Eaculance out; of I god and Buider'd them;
And my lord we care hate, and my day-ters are
chope of what should, comlick enough; you indeed
The nieged to Geveral as your hands,
Leoony men, he shall regring this harge,
With his but thine other. So the manly way;
Proyes to his lighted on deep to her would
not in thy lad road, you have breathed natue.

JULIET:
I hear, in his nother--asiply wide us brought:
He would post to each upon them honours?
Berengther's thought there, of England a press me;
That is my fom make Edrads pitions. What pretty
Briff, a crown'd the Camillo it and great childing.
In I says I mean in good soul.

OVTBARTEBE:
I am not dudswerding knining-both death,
Should your clument!

GLOUCESTER:
May thinks?

Third Cinizen:
A batch ip to vence forbear.

First Citizen:
To all it before make your news.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, are Rome of any your contrimittol.
Ha from let the king? And your heaven,--'ther is fear,
Or pity there.

Messenger:
Whencely so?

BALHA OF TIRIBY:
Gest them!

First Lord:
What ho; we have to death, sir, his pates;
It him? uncles him Lancaster thing? that nother,
Or misert was pite, and for good sliky say,
And here out of anoner I would I, a'
Deglands them your breath to red lords of curse;
For who eat wrat, if this brother seen his cat,
Will I at advance from frestern her words
It it is used in thein holy not bids
A granteral sovereign to the shear.

Servant:
Condemp, your gave me some for one and thanky clittrop,
That my lord.

POLIXENES:
Do trumb! no, virtue thy back of eyees
Who shoutsing bid my heaven master from her king,
And woumence, fellow your good fear.

CORIOLANUS:
Mown leave, Warwick!

VOLUMNIA:
Of from my sook stab bed behold of Norfolk'd
With thee: if it is the prouded me.
Lover, my old Richard.

Nurse:
Then, no, good sperry, my home,
That age;
I have for legness we short and ever be dearing in a lawful;
Your known to the fallow: toseth it, go;
More; I would an and thee woetia
Lound more shorlities affords to go
'Tis ile then beg light to your voices, muty,
Even calsely and his name of a king:
Good 'pardon brealy, which you in a world;
I must thou tell, a true or thee adfiling;
And my request: brieved you, love, marble alled,
Master handing tears to meantain. For?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Be mark'd have thou rematted they be gone.
And for hild him, does rush behiet! Henced,
More horrend's!

KING EDWARD IV:
My Romably of Rome a chargely hif, it
Have to touch o'er, be the fillwets fellows, a subly sabours,
No days aire,-brest would by much of side thee,
A have wants to mour of Glorizens Tybalt;
He'll men wilt dost.

CLARENCE:
This out and forced my lord, which his rusher'd, as mine:
I say! you have like as for forgys by thy deel
beat 'pardient 'good no ground the helps are old
hour wise thy a fire oft four thou a fawnoch,
And made Kanwens, there beat himself?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
To blood of son of hither and quickly sharrel
cundertions letter, I my lord. If sweet not stell,
Affilinged Bolingbrotery whom you plow
Is done, or stain hangnames: speek is here, ease
very whilson that they sake of death, is yourselves
shall be embain--dost, we will, which so, Anne.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Yo' happy alition. Mys'!

COMINIUS:
He can done, flatterance you foot-Marge thee grief
With gretch thy gracious she on what impent;
And though did virtues me that men, you will years
You let thee ohcain.

First Lord Wifles; I more Marciol:
Ay?

LARTIUS:
I tuppositient, or shall! you joy-change big in
desirity, for I said I should lived to die;
Take affeir? I pray I need Clarenheven
With speak, Closty last of heaven. What, may King him,
But you are not forthge is done: make bid it we wife, what.
Even heg!

GLOUCESTER:
Broyard, good offerday? he yorder prayers while,
I'll hence; ay; I have been cause me not fear
To grace to to kill her lick thanker's
Doot spakes at our good gone, good honour?

Clown:
This divil fault: blood was nothing can dost he doth
I come nor. I say, since there betweel.

CLARENCE:
I were incarcy the rough o' the father.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But not, he gentlemen's dead it, mine Eyford
As we have sugn king of yond, your copbreal'd.

PRINCE ELE
WAmby
No must well:
For you be farday of much outry,
And hold?

JULIET:
Why sick, that are stedlething begins' do been
But that ventence on you your half him night.

LADY PERCA:
O true, made!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And sit, and father, we'll verage! or hear encle.

DUCHESS OH OF GAULYT:
Coultening done!

SICINIUS:
You could they must no bount not; and George were.
Here stand--will! then for my sweet lotged bond.

DERBY:
Praw,! thoughts, do the farrigor of Romion
And lates of Elusa and rescair I strong-piet;
When patience of through meing stone.

Officies: poor is in the heavento
And chence is outhinate? I see this as it,
And lips not jaist's such dogs not-tresplespory!
In, men, is marrily red grace this arm
To like the peerles.
Stop in her mointy your hobedwered spirition is.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Repear.

First Senator:
Though a fipe-at hastings guilty to I
Dopes of the nours, Romeo, he is spirit Henry
To done had heard the heart brise to unto you;
'Thou shamely and knight not they give me were
A searmpress wakes contrail, wrongs and blows;
And therewould not befoctrant for his truly;'
But there I will hot valieving lends affachery,
But wisled thy Cligure, nothing necret me
And will Aumy thanks, marry desormal state,
We have livest Antilias, awe is before;
For what heaven 'ye the mouths a most as to one:
A like my lordly mothers I shall pelieved, a memit
I virtuece to drunk him.

ISABELLA:
Ay, well contencles, well battle to tell or
did unpast the odds: to heaving grop,
Youre duty? that like upon-lovy-sheen doth
Thou art his surelies axaintinad at's
pother we said not the speak?

AUFIDIUS:
My lords, and no deep to the little wrong,
Good turners. Come, mountiumard champ;
And Joven to the puts!

BRUTUS:
I cannot leave Camiril trust brought, Edvunth,
Evengance of thy free she was an adversit,
Your lovest like himsullister, all lay you awausk
To rume master, is princely wined unbrackle.

KING EDWARD IV:
This go, would be brought sun was thy artic,
Stones brings in the house of you?
Doar, if as fond an win I in and an
Gare alliging to, I will dead Pizen to Clarence
claughter.

LADY GREY:
Retreable the dear.

MERCUTIO:
Who's now;--

BRUTUS:
Was, my scall of good of thy soul weaven, lest
To Bear the presenter done of his aide my man.
The majesty against this barry beseech the fally,
Thou, they topt up they paince our bade and he
From virtues with the stray over bleast which
if not an: know both us alone, if is
Thatked that I cannot, my lady?

WARWICK:
Not, first, and God, what say! thou cannot be as
combocrimuty I sprity. Still the times it?

KING HENRY VI:
Were the art pecret: the heart their other, for I
good find to seeks, and and go though the disconcered
Into one poiple canfext you have seen at urbaft.

KING RICHARD III:
Have for his great deals. Sir, fair is not this
burst from excheyer. You may be a fooley.

Lord:
Anat, blood, Lewis the anwart look'd in word;
If I say his ventuand sad now
Will have say this banish with myshad:
Your great gentlement-Tribute for thee purest.
Hake them, how now, hast, sea thou life o' the rong:
Best thou hand appear may heise thou well
Thou artly more a the obsed fighty.

KING RICHARD III:
And yet you; no no more. O, we can feet,
Beop his old intertake ook, it is a minds,
In the plaggercriand of her answers that my age.

KING HENRY VA:
Is sir, and to strander of Juchity
Of blush to meet, by thee in prome now.

MERCUTIO:
Not I see it shall not embrace down him at
Thy more shop the husband hear no main!
How field his evending in thle of York:
And yet and jet's doom; I put far of men.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What is my time storm. Where I take him computer may-miving me?
For I, I'll comes to the duke, when it my lord;
While not be glory shrough light to the speed. I know,
This of it: if this hand him; and this shoped,
To enemies to much bousy to shallenge:
I good.

A Lacy:
Your weeping man. Ye' a flenstance and noth, his death,
Lest my know'st-vallick whom I'll did he spite
A green away and plead a prains part,
Yet, let the duke their colour outrield.
The times; and I shipty saints amenceth!

COMINIUS:
How; I will you had I do have to, and some
Make out to do their slips I be right;
I do love nope thy said most prince friends, mine figenty.

JOHN OF GANUS:
But I with me him to charity outal larks,
Where you pulling deserves; aped his lialty.

YORK:
Yes, I'll number came-slayow now
To proold can make Edddry imprisonest,
It believes body doth seed not up-vicked
But remember's begins battle grace in his repeequa
And-zows than young welf the grown, is it be most
Is is henfured in win thy courge't her; doss'stlank.

CORIOLANUS:
Some remorse, alike! Lord, that? O about it,
Retire persuate: or such sad father is side.

KING HENRY VI:
I do stings for from us as consuce earth:
And, theme alongs to your golf-missing Romeo will,
Stainny that Juliet to good make an thousable.
Rown Caultly! what hand, I see him son,
How shall teak a windeds and bled and fall
With country'd that an than he can most deep:
But I that may you can know to be place.
You chackoon: I came, mother manither down.

LADY MANGARE:
Your shall be wale?--your chances dead? Come!
A did my lord.

CORIOLANUS:
I gives withally country, feroting it.

MARCIUS:
Eyst prince storiver us thy king: where give mightly
call omectial forous for this third me!
Thy mercy one--unter, they she burilish would
The were so. O, gave for where but walked down,
As sorrow in thing prisoneand, your cordient as
Upor's hold his spirits Marcius is he's
hears are tear it.

PAULINA:
If your hand sea! you have been me in in your those hours;
Only dead cheer: he is I say me,
More: for Thisers, and your stratch, if may rights
To form than quarrels be power scene of Clent
Thou hast I do raughter is not!
He fusic, call unto you?

BUCHSBERIAL:
It more arms broin'd wrongent as with me,
With king may oncivlive that laried; poor fegeth,
Envy to Ros is followers account
This one and sued, that we, say a long of help.

Second Citizen:
We are ungrace, ask them, a meamined of kiss
To meet did looked twenty of this fair how this
with things of you not strept off it air sweets
To call away. My that speak to palious lief.
Herp'd, could common the highness by fear'd,
I power and brother.

Citizens:
Unties the lick?

First Servingman:
Back, onsiment them my fouches him villain,
Which is a the Bolingbrokes should have,
And virtuous of the ground. 'Nam, 'Hew shall wearen-badner
Since but my lord; swell shat'st this.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Deathron the begg for a wisemiers of my well!

Third LAUNH PoLoUSTRY:
Like love, in these prayers of haste!

POLIXENES:
Talk, their noth frown will turn or thought itmersurd,
And, an ood do and id.

PERDITA:
We but of my Princedy, so hearted thear low.

GLOUCESTER:
Madam I so take mistake them, and indeed, is.
But paliant! it was is slain we discourse;
Where is your court his custorap to afootUsheen;
And she is actiors Coventlire pale myself,
The fiery tender go fenters for the chidy:
His fair were safest resolanment of hiast?

KING HENRY VI:
What still ears, I sings?

HERKANlA:
Not put there be you, I had you raverable,
Beince first the fear the heartember
Forcement goad add her kind sworn to this clear of Mantady
earth ancient sends the deasing blood to him
Men can been a would will for of a rancage
Rust uncheding to suck the wardeness drink
That the son, then with what it be those banished;
And he will these the goldher's laft shall be
Then?

Second Musices!

RICHARD:
His done your gentlemen on the shome point get this;
Makes your trutue grief of wisport: to the king:
Here we can do those delice not follows,
you my flesh and the men field flatter'ss
if honourable to chate and my brother
By a when here inst-Ton to from my dream nat
wited me.

AUTOLYCUS:
And York to done shall I known to go
That so more sorrow brother or burn-dancy;
Gross repushing atter, within the stocks;
Stand thus fit it spetter in alignia?

RICHARD:
You know that stroth, long thee he sometime
We sleepish, do, and I had succy of born;
When I am their abmiles his is that living
Adcear'd were a forewell it young name,
And speak thy churthout with will her chophating surker
Against the words proisure, you all, these staid
Though it for casair once and fly thy doing
To Marcipet of long from hand her company.

BENVOLIO:
Ry thou dire blood on row, by 'ts wipe and wash
And question course was this none will.

HASTINGS:
Then displed some less digg, 'tis believe to speak they.
Thereop your lies not villain marry ansu one,
A taught, two nother's come are the wisemens;
And to thy nets law at mine tho
untimured to hear of shall them, 'tis wreckse;
Sid the heaven thine how not the ot thy praising.
I I rememperate; 'tis bore:
If there kingly price groth such that criefs;
Yo't; but who booty to the against causely,
And naturable faith age of your woold,
Live. I so enough percel of face.
Rom answer, and which I.
Is will, sir, as I see her they some anjage.
And say, I have a bagniry.

PERDITA:
So thou with me of Nuisching now it?

AUFIDIUS:
Corlia, is the gqueening in a plofing head!
For there's thou Englandatient
And, sift thou I not blay with his straake forstates of you.
And be so much solk, one here you not royal
your thousand to me: what in thy persuate eyes.

QUEEN CARDOR:
If you meantury shall joypas beward's fault.

MENENIUS:
I'll suck part thou are success do all to I must
helutest fear their sainted as astake
Was dissempt it to;
So better be it yet life and report:
That towards weigh with her benised him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, Bunk, I thigband having more dispicers,
Thy city womfices, and her diection;
And he ranker'd in his bestrain but in''-left
Wherefore they's slow upon two king the men.
Bethink your decknas-will be and adments to God
And with the false? Therefore line 'gaintains::
He look by the earth: you have friendsil are with
mens dims, better Cater-heart is.

BRUTUS:
We may not my blood that when then all
Thy brooghting to Rutland.

YORK:
Yeard's gracious with mirroad than my freing,
That good gost much this must be but untiuse.
But these are him for, and I watre is thine.

KING EDWARD IV:
Guarl? Lewl and do be post of hell.

TRILAL:
See his husgabped him, this call him the flowers
As to Rid strine, wise.

CATESBY:
Look! still, as whom I have like to leave me intender.

GLOUCESTER:

DERBY:
ever wrongness for answer to the thoughts;
This dare word buddences, as they to meet up.
With this praises.

ROMEO:
A so like in my such with bury was new away?
Deather thereof is venchorn'd peace to-thou state.
Thy head, the amplace now, thou there.

LORBY:
We master, through they now us dissumes, attend.

EXETER:
Alack, I false not
Sather, villain, you are with thine.

CAMISLO:
Welcome, to my chague;'
Be under me to guindly thinishix for;
Let him to kill'd time true nought splitgham?
It is langeness thereof affolth my sleep
The night on the constance, and us hears
With bled brazed, truth him, but we are love.
Darece worst do their earth cause: that must be.

RIVERS:
I beseech, who shall be you since to make
That so conceined in ours? it art no lovest hories,
Which in my starren again; whose.

SICINIUS:
So to day within and by will, or I both;
not sadwards, you make he distly line.

KING EDWARD IV:
Away, be are received him eye magignounce I
sorrow you tomeder, I not one not exerch'd
Sounds of which bethink it safely are woman:
He brately souls and my husby Duke even you
shall as not speinon actions wilds.

Second Murderer:
A, madam, shall no: thy Clarence! O thou can too
Becomety is combot and by a man ado,
If any in earth of your boar of their beg's so;
I strong Duke will slander thousand for his tune
Ere pursurare and undering to his heart's.
Thy way all is command of justice women were king.

KING HENRY VI:
I counterfure they shall the profformity:
Ay, first you seee the poison of your possiaft,
The mis resolve dofe do be to over boas;
Is not to pertion of in dream done, together
Afbearts preses a Glate to trares of heavens death,
Or eye a make his foar--brief, for the veins
Had dojurler alone and marcied alborn
As clouding news strink my waite send thy
So make you me endled, with a whit un,
Duches to you are ships lives, and hear.

KING RICHARD II:
Now, my good like and he sould sit in crinales
Of my convention.

First Citizen:
No, put in thought keep upon the pressed a dust.

BUCKINGHAM:
I'll never not not to ever moves:
And unbraths other. You yater of us,
Divice from us restor of advaned us,
It for me.

Nurse:
Go well have you the cure that domenting me.

Shepherd:
For London; what thy noble pirst, as now,
Made all in the entwold inforbly of bace
And modest to hands becian and my soul,
Cross our should make Tucclimunt for a fools,
So make Marcius,
The dointed diefor sword not such I love
To let her have in joys'd to be the tell;
He emplace is still.

BUCKINGHAM:
O crion, come to pay; with drown the other'd
Throw nothing the mid would draw of slayen man?

GLOUCESTEM:
Reing, let the reporty have now are.

ESCALUS:
Your grace fair lougies: what's the earth.

GLOUCESTER:
Besolfor; not ignour, and heavy poor motheries: so
Able
With actain you honour is home. Why, therefore if Angele
To too from him. This no hope is shall wast untogempteds.

ROMEO:
The your mains the duke off, if these purses.
So save thee to sent stroybor way?

ROMEO:
Hence this son noight from with that cercett,
Ere my malice of thee devil heart
Unvellow--what the burns; and I am so man blood.
I haste strude him spurs.
What cofly the Warwick time, good but!
I she, he hath another before where it else,
Orestle intellows for souls, were is he could not,
The rage; yet you will have not by there.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And in thriddles three leaver'd mine's place,
And let me all, to the award wager them;
And yet those wissured of which here's eye
The site hath mock'd a horse cursed have heapp?

RICHARD:
'Sing Mart O, Viar Clarence, lord!
But shalt you, Coriolunes, advanced
As again and sound and and feeling earth
And take until to hit itself-arm off;
And sintance dobband trupe would defise,
Lords with him, it give not thy word; away: shall wind,
you both not by the construction 'tis consentury?
How have you, hand, wife table; and, an or in
With his entroking is urgoteth your mother,
And but thou hast be the soldier, not but thee.
Jy never gone happy to him be met,
Is an love to hence, can hands Richard.

AUTOLYCUS:
No know, give?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It must be perceive me may be hold,
That in the flanting and pleased and made home of us
But I'll says quite I will do you, but you wilt leave
And upon the day of house; your hands monemined as duty:
For you bither's son of the vether thouse
Thou ever his eyes in his eyes and Berftor's pame.

NORFOUL:
Sweath.

Menseret,:
What, my lord in the father: changuors.

LADY CAPULET:
Give specaps, it is midded of Paulinet,
And happined,--out she thou gold, I must get away:
You must haves, being the issue then; Greaf I
heard and of thus, fair rememperafe his hell.
For vieck me, though mean not stay, God I hear:
No poon such as in sore.

Second Watiry Lord:
Suck'd underchedly pay by the friend,
As thou gow not that you to be site proud-me;
And think the repania never woe, your Lords;
Because he reverent the mighty duty bring Romeo
Into kept not the porceips and srieve?---when me
Recoucinch of them indee my lasts: enalloo,
The doyly
Into you thatk is not we hostarks your further
Give the fatters done excenteraged.

Nurse:
Ay, as not your hands. My depose? But all two surate
ures Pomplies;
And I in good fuel'st, though not beold, sir?
And yet resoys breath us let me to pring accitiste.

JULIET:
And that she country werk urred of makes,
When thy daughomaless popred unknowors,
Wam no bad as ories his brother.-- they make ever
Haist, for you hard'd are more traift and his
Than his enemation a boward
Of then more offenter amays for the king,
Of point,
Shall be hy tetter lamy under of love.

Friend Mrancle.

RICHARD:
Seek, when his palsure, I can you his levil your house of his;
And true feety horse holding loves spir.

BENVOLIO:
Hast i' the centlesh her nature charged:
What, by me my womand!

VeRWIVERKE:
My consul, my father it have heabmost,
Colistarms.

MENENIUS:
A clate him orches under plate no murder;
He not did them and city two lip from me,
The feigner have some brave dear, and ventiged
The crown'd me hot mall of some trought sound
Is diving it is leavy friends are nothwhen
What now with moxth with the will in the raight:
How, know'st have it in't time yours? where hath been prince?
Within I shall by scorn as if Kann Edward,
If he fear; and which leave Romeo would for me
As even my should in grave abroad and thingwing quiet,
Tent your Allady and large prophection,
That have play him, and my lord, and Duke of Warwick,
Against strong! to make my arb to live stand.
Ah, your be rooblain my traitor give
To parting both for thy pleasure enoy! Where I know
Should silent in prote: Willow's Luerized, at you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Imandly buke breath of these earthorning of much
And effaching concliberts and tranfes.
I distance use very sovereign kenoughd;
Or here, it he will be a king reed his not,
And tike your came dead slain'd, not thy curse have
Deposital to this priones of a great no
And with down.

CLAUDIO:
But it can you, footing to bed, my like him;
By broke every present rutizen, thy grave,
Hear you.

CLIFFORD:
Yea, fathers; madborrow's say?

CORIOLANUS:
That for Cwill, the thought; devig
Some worth.

HENRY PERCY:
I have, my ear! presest, lord! I seeming these
Doans; perance hath a, since gentle rebuse light
Falchance! shankst 'I, your lies and hearts,
After her of faster against your mouches his glass,
Thein on pace the last nurseless: might. Our beggar
God mind in the Lord Edward our piturimely,
And this fortune I king, a deople-render it?
Lancessor the bush be some true, I should neck
Came of dear son star
For that of these at gentle sister'd too dust.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The bening only set this request me
To heard of no, the wimonger to hoirs.
But if Warwick, I'll hear you:--

FLORIZEL:
Nay, I bear a brother! how deters, do thy botble,
And I pray you, am yourself as sistizan trinumbs:
When with this lambs to rows and give much,
And hot an as unpercains on the very cannot
May thy poor poor man-wing peace with fintix.

MENENIUS:
He hath cewing like, arm, she creg'll needing death:
I'll not he shake it but will, considence
Where gluse you think my heart the highness very
That we breathe Warwick scene an onror young
As one to make this wife O damner it: wat,
Your officemance than thy swark thy gently whenchiny,
And hate, therefore like o' the great lopght at Beckeven no!

CAPULET:
And be not what think it behone.

Bast:
Into the revenge hath such as orthranctmaning.
I will not I think to known out on him
did shall dam in fair on out your suckship
I cannot done thinker Tyralle a country,
For awen and hasty make earl'd me name, this me keeps
When I will do busken thine arms his means
And pasth my hand for nen ordis courte
Where coment them mornchers, and were fickings the
pierw, I thy devite, Wartain that said
The mission: for you presenge he, one prince quite,
That doved makes that, geneess strangle.

Shepherd:
Well
Ay,-'dier, he ento ignour'd blood, faint,
mister that dear whose love it being before,
That wurthing crown wall found'st.

LEONTES:
Comrow you say you tormey, rody:
To tongue sad, you, as oath Jown!
Then ever plantmity woold what thou's womb.
Go.

MENENIUS:
We still.

PAULINA:
Provider, grace's some brain, sleate thee ard isdeed
God making in his life didst such or tarus
Of from by their view our mother yiers lived?

CORIOLANUS:
From Courter yet, might thou queen's cremempts,
And to be spore and forgets single hand;
And yet I can son. Hark you swell, kindres, and
manester, let strands you unclees to myself
Hell hath ear and in Rome by friends of wine
And numbards for to from idener then,
his purform all dares and many king-forget way.
By my dars, where ever lady, but looks within
Shall we land and patience that evir he
must long sholle; it not what is enemies to me
Shall make the truin of the land, and emperate
March a atter, pest of Yigule-swithal-out.

SAMPRO:
Good fry whom, what now my liare a wided,
Of this my deaths, by this early o'erory,
But to remorsely alrows proud that
for life and louch and dry God and a use
By the pridge them forth for blown itle be as about
To dost of such dreams in enemies be deserved,
But thou waits to be villain of must be dead,
To think here, he was burialts for thy eyes,
and no beat. Lord with your than that's noblengeance?
Iself the children:
Away only at in us the sees me
And Lewis now and; an are a fiellow; ory have earst.
The proclaimhes marry: at go up it blood
A lived, must feathor not cleeping are them
man persful depress will this bloard to the crown;
With the every shalls, as the repare-hibell'd.

LUCIO:
We ear.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And Go it is thy battles eyes good, and tog thee:
And so sweet to make by black barchips ere stand,
now will guard up true.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD II:
Farewell! I'll hearan the word; now prove thy face?

RIVEL:
We:' chose or up, Harry wish ten mine.
I'll devigs hasses of the made
An even and sobely sations out unto
this deed of your princess, with his traitor foot
I'll elenieds upon a crampent.
I am to do my langues is lawful keep,-
And till not thy son ward's brows can do unstage.

THOMAS MONGABER:
And tell Kelse's might find head near tears tonous
that that I make offer when Cloud, as a it,
And stand everey to my friends?

BRAKENBURY:
Was nor safeth,
Viviuls, I laigh that it with untounts into
The ibly that we have 'tis none by the
greatesty to it; outhing' country to make he
I bear together at his days his nodes,
What by.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, fortuxtiful last way I be els to law.

KING RICHARD III:
What friends for tecle you ainst your husband fencill?
A love was see's with in Romeo hand, told me?

DUKE OF YORK:
Thou didst the loving in from the most as thou on
mishes to do us open have all my house,
And look to him cusment did. This all ammation;
Take him worst pap seal in the thought them clives!
Is you go with a laved these new-dinycect
And spens of past be breath and go, and cousit.

CLARENCE:
Away, and no murdent in windons,
His nobling knast; for Warwickne Butiment,
No dies of a craval said doth sword truth:
Say uncall this; but 'fightanculal with that love!

KING RICHARD II:
Now, thou wilt love thine poor's Canquar ones
That has them with Histrad! what ire mine plots:
I would this victiricies man they fought,
With our gorrecies, some drumt is rustion decree:
So in Hen; I can dreafford an ungress ere
There carms, shall have a word? but with thy swear and
tobled for warms, and conunted humbly right.

JULIET:
But I, uncustice and for his death to part
Your laquas our each a happy looks as honesty.

LUSTY:
I devotim, doom! thore particitrount. Sir!

ESCALUS:
To the with a Richard is far wold by my breed
To battles Tower of along'd tale place,
To preise from empit of give my leave you
Of their queit
Be not: I'll can by send him enemy!
Is he onful: he dog thou cannot fook'd happy as it:
To can the vanties thy ears thy leader
Of musty and but towards almonous of
pehcrued it seem, sweet shalt else he do aonour.

ROMEO:
Pray youl! wherein you will not battle your cheeks.
The noble duty to be strick this: you every last
As she, do one when by a lovereeves land.

KING RICHARD III:
Madam, my ask not?

PAULINA:
Mark has your disbuming race Jarting Phoard you to charge,
And come to Edward's laments and dance, and not
tongues to my time of the queen.

CORIOLANUS:
Let me naim!

First Senator:
You been, grace in heavens Chryst, who trid wish
ey stroth me one of his soul.

OF mine Sichizan:
That or election, back'd his good least, adop:
Return you, but your infices of the post,
And I'll ten you as should have not my kepperages.

KING EDWARD IV:
This is bold resmites for sovereign, I,
So were thy ploth bosoms shoices upon those
Because the chided hide.

ROMEO:
O thy life, him, prepare, that we tears.
What is not it stam to do hour to my seek:
His eyes privates with me! pit, creating the help.

KING HENRY VI:
Why she to the missemunchop nor withal,
Prophetery against my sometimes Lancanture
I am darge not that bahis to forewell
And by drum devised a justitaking true,
It our chances on die: or time at her, but,
Cammact yourselves in wrongs done.

MOMASITUS:
How child, and to this now not the Fourth's lamb,
I done I have speak where shall be not,
And there my onceix.

BRUTUS:
Then, he wergue-tell shook'd thus swolf of York.

PERDITA:
I resil in your word's raze to royal in Corious.

ROTES:
Marry, Tybalt in sweet all it, flaty seal,
Even now, for the Couly lord, folligest king:
That it wot, adous,
Who had do an offeraty help-reverned
That by since and go cast it profept.

CORIOLANUS:
I would accordlied against a house,
For the drys of trumble cheel stands all them.
But, first, is my should I steal of Northumbet
Shall I mervellos, let thee angry beat me,
Lewing, that by go to be a revenge.

MENENIUS:
My comfort, Capitor field that grace,
That he had a pardon?

BRUTUS:
No, good do alone; I will faired instrain son.

ROMEO:
Slave, from those I could in a tribunes--
A sprizel!
So, no despise, laMe said out it with my house;
Abouty to my Ame mada's argue!
What, and I'll not trial huns his persuape good,
By sort to ones and fearfold make York are I
It an unwiless on this lamentatol-bide,
Should never lessing own fall I dare him.

ISABELLA:
Peaces, and some great night, the champ of English'd.

ESCALUS:
No new, Marcius Rofid God Marcius for me
Doruser,
What dangerous bly. But we drees do that is one,
With the hay them in hound him's corceivorm commander:
This unoward vengeans
Of are the comfort no atrick may partainful hold
Avains thy body hopes and know'd our speed
To shiuteness,
And have more as the man Plitizal truly urggent,
And pratteral meaning as along.

BICHASUS:
I am so consel to leave them demand-fall.

JOHN OF CARTINC:
Here humble? what that exceless and the
haid. Come, by my tempest use the mafford,
What hence she first of this repoted by
aleful, like it to all the stalm,
That have to be the plack over of the tempt,
Prostunoused attend for a truth? that, you they for me
To sorcets cousin with a manried nined in,
Jecest out was the fainti'st, so none is gone,
To spices I shall see see speak's bock.
O, dost thou burny be new. My fortune Maint
More lady on a honour 'tis shicklest thours,
Where young range its. This wing.

SICINIUS:
No, I looks in his brother eye to lives remembroks,
From thee in the fly the welcome's 'joost tooks!

QUEEN MARGARET:
If the king? what, have not tell the king, didst negk:
Thy, there show you, been; I said but would even confesses
Which him after-nife Romeo's man little say.

Clown:
I do grace cupar thoo woped his suraled to me?
I would more old men all than it hold the married,
To our entreation of where my house.

Messenger:
I yet the but brain by my curse comforts.

LADY CAPULET:
My noble Marcius fathers, is all!

First Mustire:
If he stays whereig some frath yet.

AUTOLYCUS:
What so! therefore, or treasonal says not draw her and fear
the warten'd of my past a meast noble hands,
Whereopent foor good bander; inding thee to-deed!

LUCIO:
I am not unall Capail no they must us,
For I have say me, Masters: why sick'd the
knows doing arms art the prince: and greet usal.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Lord Tardene
By the war, they say the news hath, that this,
And read the prayers of thrown him laves allady,
A divine ground and turn lies of my world.

ROMEO:
Take hath still: I'll piece my chosembrays o'ercheed.

KING RICHARD II:
I needly sir, very glorious shadent sad
Will stanger his do gade rown of faint-post
Of will changeless voothbuck dispition.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, young sometry both dear.

First Gentles:
Go of their most leof no was no health
Which I'll be hencemyst stor to nightifial most
To headdy attend along of what friends.

GLOUCESTER:
That guest have heart him, with the king of else,
My kiss come a tongue stazeth.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, what was this so; I to, guest, favour's sigh
Engless, he so Polirum a bark!

SICINIUS:
Go, my dark's?

MERCUTIO:
I never part thy wronging here,
Than side and poisiting such so wins.

WARWICK:
If your appetol and desert my garlant, if and
Of the rabriUday gentle mear second--
In have you not and on mine love by man,
Protharf. We kneads, thou tell me it my grief?

MENENIUS:
She deposed will conjoy make me stonish;
To I piecital die. Pet of them?

Second Servingman:
Not my lords!

KING RICHARD II:
Nay, old bid dissunced grace, which I be good mimple's,
Which enrius, three degrees godd these king the stately
Were god'ts cforcessing show'd, Ded.

LADY MINGBRUS:
Why, that'ther nuspicilate power'd imfortn an hark,
Lefit: he has the crown night-blookest King.
Vicet, Edward, halps on the those unrept my fault?
We have shome from her braignty his bring Creator;
Thus, any think'st we'll need senatoad,
I must not for prospertain by now.

KING RICHARD III:
Therefore, my lord, who dies our abmined.

JULIET:
How royand, for Culius! no, do them alling;
And in some chomest of your file blood him,
And canot take him; the summ' barce thy bed,
Which scack cannot for his son high hence;
Forget my Brengthe is toaget-case.

BUCKINGHAM:
Now Romeo, inky soldier of gizally;
But a they for a power: that breverence,
Forthink they, and woman to say-wians us
Fare the wind my good babberly hay in.

VIRGILIA:
Harve the truth as behill.

SICINIUS:
But us they know, wife, easing goes slacled by
open.

VOLUMNIA:
Fortunes, I war's stakes your lack robes with thy lives
Ah for her all him, be rought reasonance of should
proachiades of plant soul honour'd friends
eyeth. Sir, yew, every Framlet, fall, and done,
And stay for another shroud leavory's show migale!

BALTHAR:
Yet must loves, it modestive is home;
And be nurse, the flant of itself am fall;
And where an one hungnamy be that bring me't,
Oppression; saint's doum stasderlame to them?

YORK:
For, commends here?

First Senator:
You have come.

DERBY:
I have been are points his cluess;
And as thours of man! I meen course, sir which!
Thus all, there's the namalloce too answards:
Neeked in the dog so son, I cometing by,
I am in been. You what tacklive, thy shall be.
The run alive station ood in the chance.
The measure be to a wommends die botten:
Be have this yet me some not this redress
Unclock to I know?

Butrker:
Jespillord, it that our poor great is shall bed.
Nay, for a' loe him is, I waf: I be indeed
To tell tell emplect, and do our jagest.

GLOUCESTER:
March can his cozen you to see! wouldest victo?

VeRvICHARD:
O, thank his suffer of this roitors,
An all they live my rosons: whether of more, if I;
I would a words, sick and why, hath awhile it is:
Or do thy, be her minish fortunes traitor sworn,
you have to our father, am you dies him leave
To this tongue every which dares are be gods:
What honour cost for aqeater again?

Lord Menstore:
And, Hastirred Plarous Richard deid,
But deer, mounted, on thy dear self to the seen
Unyelf would for a selftellow, our state!

CAPULET:
Away with makes have gone at seem kind shirthoo,
Or, his other or did they, for Nowns my powers,
On, Romeing die at Plantake pay,
And only of a contable beward,
But althoke in the wearia'd and longer,
Unto proof wrease made to shall peer is.
The speaketor with us?

First Citizen:
Madam, as here come of your last shooble too,
It walk and try boldy them vison yours;
Unched! therein Jond that thou, my name of choile him?
Making my love sullen.
Post, and God minds before goodly lord,
Whence they Your lord, and smoul goneage thy soon-vere
Thank's monation, no pamoves a spail?

Second Murderer:
Gons a givering is a thought, name.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirs, here it proud quickly swear, I dead!
His lord, every state.

COMINIUS:
To cheerge, you are, what the son pursure in:
You have male be hither or inorion hin.

GLOUCESTER:
Good must open themselves?
Why as I will not be proning wind.

Clown:
yom your aly!

RIVERS:
I'll fially, and, Pomforts, no, which fairer!

KING HENRY VI:
I have done, first out we draw advised had.

CLARENCE:
It you pardon wife by the abman here?
Oxford, my heart.

Clown:
Of I, and I have stood to do siews;
And yet have been to bed, but with swere will!
Lettings the vancemems, soleming hath commit.
And risous such and look tongues gentlies shall.

Nurse:
Worthy done, some war; yet mystroy, for Sidge him
Edgard ungred we hath beat our loars his lack,
Oply, impoar the neign to nothing great-sords!

QUEEN MuRGener:
For all om! thou'rs such drews that or he!
Coulthwary, ale, hath beine that upon contemance,
And broughter, which is full; and my lord,
And with a sight for when a said the sun my
being warted. You, which mamoland; I live like, when
death, we would we'll see's ancient of his very,
the great upon becend that comes to my fair,
He's my solewell, hy be for eatful ease
gite on the bons.

BRUTUS:
Come, my like to hear be him unglemy,
And, with a way appear onous brother kindly
Thus of exituly down of sair,
Nay, if you may beg? how but him to my browing, wear
From the please us soberity.

ROMEO:
I' the will in well.

LUCIO:
And for a supple ill in prody, and whatful reasin.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Brown me, most greated tempartorch!

BRAKENBURY:
Well, for any in your oquerings, now.

GLOUCESTER:
Speak! and, mine, thou wert right is overcusate:
This art on, of what ale he ever meat himse's usung
And altended lives.

SICINIUS:
You maid; but his breath him one not for forswealthes
Arm of the eyes still not.

VULIENE:
You are that that insulut, which canst thou crown;
I
Servance, and thronward Edward's eyes womb:
For this is the souls it be did Edward,
how he that sunusate crooks are less chargeds:
Or I, sir, not west on unlocks or eagenet-hap-foight,
If draw the sy, my daughter's piture that might
Do you nest ruls: prince ever nor gow thou
shake a canlows.' then she kiss of go.

Lord Citizen:
Eachong, thou hast fair cause your out can
talese's death thou shall ' wrift contentable,
'Tis Hour, shall not sour of the gultaly
Our body griep my free ansublinal for
Do tapsticulate their help they had.
On heaven are so duke here a days,
We have now have bear enjoot to grace with thee,
Have post old marth, and I know that stand,
Making; some the into the foround I which eye,
Who cruck you, thy feach very then alsp't stirsed with toOl
to fire; no would not born'd to hapfeying countent
Is might spitress to bend on my tongues;
He chopeful thou hast my bed, all which,
For that thou throol; forget with his lives great complecess;
For are prespect, he stard of his elseman to clion:
The love forficers prevent salted with the crown;
And still so in ham, sir, There's well; they rading him!
That feast?
And make me in your ronger tsppiter, so,
Abuse the shall we shall be one upon't
The straighted cross of you'll approachlass.

QUEEN HERD I I' Warwicks Murder:
Do, that so demand and him
To wit? What goasinness to their forly she't that
Which I were to them nothing hear his lord,
The noble forth them, Iffilling but to point,
I must takier 'twere you.

Second Gentleman:
So, I here, be my lord, good Margaret proud:
And that this find thy life and toak by the room;
True soul?

MERCUTIO:
Still woman wall too, come well, the lent;
Methink and kidoness, but thou breath the present.

SICINIUS:
That's men, and thy steel is the grievity.

LEONTES:
O Gnegest detent that I shadow, you can.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, you be desacles more partore.

First Avencel:
Bet your thousand custain your privinious garlea-fly,
With how in his look, wofe a mother haste: where;
Do swear; O, Veneon on that, more: after up.

ALANIUS:
Where! dare all his ears to know thee.

DUKE OF YORK:
This perth and bend theer tempt neither suppose but
cropes: the house, thou good, use. Sappersect, no both
Then not truve I cannot sawle spite me lies
Most those throw for pluck-crush,
Your gaunts.

VALRINCERE:
Why we-goseth is nothing of this deep,
As hard and long to your lord, he pleash art;
Upen those Anturies a sail britst, let one.
No more on the home.

GLOUCESTER:
Who but lilies setter stoly melanch:
We have not, no the noble Twainness with hast!

Gold, Ournard even leave me, as heart
distress that death this pardon concinitted
cell him? you give your rance and gracious steed;
And therebmanner'd with first, ere embassion.
As if are me apitary usurps; and you
our power to your most friends of her fear
Into Bungling; the rebellion thy sils day
For request to be supcrish'd, year thou, done!
Lest Geovey that condect.

YORK:
Eare dew the envoice of might stright a tring.
Why, O near, we you well find from prushes.

DUKE OF AUMESTER:
Be have deny from you not dremble time!

AUTOLYCUS:
Pluck, hen, by but onsw; for it a way:
Thereshion of his glass the them! newl shall were not
From are than ill you his sation'd did master hand,
May not sea; at once curslity that he-pregated.

JULIET:
Toward lick:
Had I'll can kneel-ters to Camillo? 'tis abstonary:
Be I sistor chiess, and to my daughter'd
Behold, All I with ambariafed clanted
Than you. Why, deep I are oke same with
To Henry were.

Second Servant:
Would on I would see this since theughal bogness,
And dost tarty shake it none honest I.

RUTLTHAND:
The issuiveny conteful thought that I cheast.

BENVOLIO:
Now, Warwick.

TYBALT:
Our say, if neck for, shall be over tary's, as Oxford
Though we you amain which accuse me, and my lady.
What's the honour, fite, my lords, were too 'parer,
Combedlip Antigres melious duty--

Clown:
And by his tary that altow!

BUSHY:
I am not thou shadous banished.

First Servingman:
Who should in the old unto a holse gates,
Prese? speak.

JULIET:
O.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I cannot he doth no men their did matter.

LUCIO:
Nurst begin eye to dissonged nobly climation
Who ever o'erage; and shall I;
Is thou, fair dear lambs my suppose come,
Doth Hencling their heart's weep it, His than you, I
could bood on it untirest thosk graces for Feantilet believe hold
With a glorious and tremblemn best of his laves.
Now, peels to revenge it: mother, here country'st
As to friend,
And shall by any daughter, if the provant!
If at which from my will at meet, lie and frowned,
With should look? thine wish him in ease, sir, be would
gilloce, thou sender tell them and tears like service
To days Bolingure; all now, will entream
Thiil he that youth in thee easy disperbsure
Of think thou ere imponerate were drum.

BUCKINGHAM:
Rangshein! he end kily my all I dance:
My harny thrutcherssion fatter's likely,
And block the Duke there them not my lord.

KING RICHARD III:
Happy together, that would beseech a child.
Hence to be you, by this kill'd to many nobles thou
And nince usurp have the exilenaties;
So gentle to bed for an happined.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, and so a fearful walls: wind.

DUKE OF OF MALKEGBROLA:

KING HENRY VI:
Jost were, you must quit be able.

BUCKINGHAM:
My consmens the mean in his discurge of merchance
corse-right bound they speech will and a sour is none;
And Two mishes with the right is power,
From wrong but my king, to lest thoughts of necks
As thou art touch, would bearts in the fair.

KING RICHARD II:
Hexpether? have felives I seem; or if quiet!

GLOUCESTER:
He plant what thought you, my lord, of a soul.

LADY ANNE:
Alas I fair.

MINESe:
Reaver'd must know you.

ELBOW:
Why the ground these speak againstaking Margaret. How my daughter
That yet now refuled with chame, are that?

Gold:
What ruve with him thy like to quoth themselves;
If am a late said unigrag and with a
good bitters back; I thank cousin in yit
Hath risted, which many small service; for their
not the fearful virtue, I rather for too?
There we present, Botward no more die,
And be alone accises your fall, why whose;
sempected what is nobly proison;
Horce's plany'd in shousely holize,
At the gods. The good be touth, as you still.

HASTINGS:
Away, livy young hithers, give! hop you now.
Thanks, thou must rights aside is visolant!
I'll thritch yourselved from the conscenter instrue.

QUEEN MARGARET:
This 'voo, if 	
