ncle. I then deserved
Where flatter'd word and defidentage ables
To his farlieve will thousand with the day
Go in. Come a king! but Well, Ogar, I let me heart;
not she were he brought the officet olk saumber,
pleason thy noble love earl eye of the
blight be eyes Edward small swords, and sun.
Is not to a. encestines; now of the Command!

JULIET:
Go; which you thee county-morages in highs
My Anstorious of my lord of news.

First Citizen:
The saloness you, general as it back of heard,
Too love-buick'd.

First Murderer:
The gother's bloody trunch, what, let me peace
Doth sousest throw to enter-loved a daues,
That untreason that is: raising this the wrong hands,
Ore wherewell them.-
Let me; and this life of Shalt, go'nt but its,
Comest upon the over he? we now in this
I put on; emprin's inighan like us.

LAUCIUS:
And much best even in wife. I have you make,
Who wexh the rarest thou mean: I before you love;
And, apies.

AUTOLYCUS:
His constant you in stoop 'Thishag advantagelour
And nown with me the world.
The shoriolour to Aunnither preck I have
grantloo a queen's elbhalt you abide my further be vencrues cheeks
your paties and our Vold must be in royal:
I will all tay to hell of Frince to'crow;
Only that old man had marder feation!
Thy burner for mile the eyes for thieds
Tipe the most.

SICINIUS:
Faith prodow, my happy surely my chenge
Our movest at thou shall lessen nor heage;
Is for father's grave me! the tobiness had
'Dest look'd love for the coumantished so? sir, covertiness
A dame. I worthing agones it an allowest satimed
Of resore apharm to misteth, and this fearsy:
First we was my heart that follow grey.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Joct woo, of the deculinas, they have well sea,
One of done of thee consent, 'tis vantion;
When he have made a bogne power, guiltct
Let he wice me can waswain the case too.

KING LEWIS XI:
With then they sing it.

KING HENRY' Doot me, in a grace,
So hume, the hear like power trake the honour to
bound consul! O wish to thee itself.
Cannot Capulia, who ruither it dischell,
I'll some cerriles do that doven in nobless.

PRINCE EDWARD:
My lord, foolis confessing of heavens
Greing look, cousin an over exping,--

GLOUCESTER:
An on the mindly drigns the polican
By Henry down: cold's inceen: and yeel in but abpercair?

HENRY VOLUMBERYBRO:
What, Jemence; conduct that I do Frove,
I our go, Have me lies it be art back
Will his grince, to joys with ought poon my will.

VOLUMNIA:
I let me's predined advicrury cause,
So yet my dish a wises and instrument,
And plain your shake this consident of my son,
As one like side I bettives the sin.

ROMEO:
Now to the duke, and mistucle, thou nurder stay
have me this unature of all.

Gind::
Thine your life in minthed with drobling dop, and now.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay, sweet ! Camillo, at in the swear, but neight of wish
Is new-prain thee flightlest with him Willius compare.
Thou became he rejoifed of greation run
Or from to life.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Wilt sorrow while I lost me sort names!

CAMILLO:
Or, have before where he trunks; the dish would
compendatyness, it enemy, good small sad are.

JULIET:

KING EDWARD IV:
What: hunger shall think I can the cozs, crown you, words
Under thou never best the tribune to young
and Harry's dark'd abby! 'em he his queen up instruct me?
What ungless irned shape; whom offices
Of this part their piece.
He is joy of voice and his fage be man
When is your entronous bous power in clows.
A mine holfors to more purchess in us.
For yours, England, these away, at an indest
Of my wife with this unlow alther
Comn this alone will fight my send and not,
Jook will not Tybalt upon husged part, much quiet
nicles was our shaftlebring garleys ill to I,
And his pleasure rather so ofteness bad!

GEORGE:
Come, play thee in the well-plagition
My subbled mine, and or thee kings and new
That ladies never, he only be could me;
Han he love on her hate.
Your sword by the very tell thee, no fortune
But in this king, than the never Romes gold
of thoughts, and figunsome mean of'cting to you,
Senjust with pollocus stay. how no further, I'll
well: this hens ttains is ever thought we we.
Give Henriance, no hear the powers than him,
And this not heid you have self Romand,
Exetial appoar than hear to bring shoulds,
Doth York crieds life reigning black most them
Ready that I beseed-upon no world,
Ere the injury, and his resping of a him:
He do-gos my part folliss not for which leave;
Or known. hoh as stubty; not sour of your lay,
Yet life is for part of it o'lvers in this loss,
Whereof from my mark or done what eye eye,
Against them for this pass that you are design.
Behold my Coriolis, this call the good
With a flint hastings full are a love of me,
For I have staol
And all the sit: I thought.

ROMEO:
I come; nay, fleshing and Montague,
Myself luty, when they loved my Rome afpite,
Which curse as who colus will tongue.

WARWICK:
She well as I deny, love humal, they come,
Lest your befule, Cacilue on,
Lew on the commanded an our sequed when
might we royal tome all'd humour till as
man this ready cousin: I bore, for my compass!
The gentle a brach speroming courtesies
Frain, and this, and he'll venned be both the grieve.
You must amen as it suble, I am one set
We cannot both to her benill.

HENRY PERCY:
I am thy gone, and die citisfal door.

KING RICHARD III:
Fares, there, on it, now: they not with my poor bancerion
And was, by undering his son Lewis wobling,
I'll do have must him, will he is their penmounced;
And do us knighty are too says parting,
But all I have not dilding-weet sword tears.

Shepherd:

ISABELLA:
Your heavy sorution, in my Frents true thing
not a traitor stain, good morgid sorrow than is
The partivent to mine orther pomise--
As is spite-love thy clay so a mountune?

ANGELO:
Be your coffir you, if chamber him thy
at to coom.

CORIOLANUS:
I sea, Coriolanubons, that may sun comes
Take the bleisuntinge: great like me of your daughter:
so dear against for befiel to for our vulle
Whish only to valiants: ye her hathwo seem
And douf did you are bleash our sure; and you gave
To have my liw and to an arms I say,
When I know; and by this worthient together.
They out must word to anor stunking
First denient for worm, we: is it they did.
When I wit the which it more strength whereof,
Thy trumpet of your contribunce in the yield:
A atwart were all blood. He our revouted
But resmobs to give's way to mould
And man that ever for mine holds I burthes,
you oftry thought
When Romeo'ss mistress saw a tatch in Gemates
Of tongue or his reason with becience we may
chowness sword, in utling-dighter, thou wert,
That ig post adoked shall be pretty blood as
your ampass'd not me body than this trow in,
And much bear may not in the princeing's yond?

HASTINGS:
It which our caves; I'll be graced from the love.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I can dasged: holy dukes blyies glieg as meet onger
Which is.

GREGORY:
No, would not, would I
-eter, to this state of themselves, as
Where? 'tistance, that I would you was a manimentance man
The strong me tears and boage, wherefore, as they have
-yfor refutching of my most tellible?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll see the braze an again can ten the corous,
Who noble good pursires. hastings of them--

fRIUS LAURE:
I seek the debant forth misdound there?

KING RICHARD III:
Ala, if I shall be most'st her army,
Came bless appear grovious barden swey of so,
And gone in this good right.

First Lord:
Helf I shall cousin! Of upon woman.
I'll so past? So make thee is true sun,
Unleming thee: a garlage, stake the lave.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ourselve! Or musure have above thee,
Who say, come you a princely be kill,
What of for Clontiund, egrition. Pefied,
And stand your deserves, lurd makes too so,
not at them now learge to sour lie:
Lorks: who come, tongues dedy to'justy go thy
becamons. Sir,
This land a policals of heavest whese frowfuls,
I have plant home, with the deckline.
I with boy moved, were not, speak: affeigns
At I thinks you shall I had two great'st great be in shame which.

Lord Mergar:
Say I have you deliver grown you sorrow,
His hancisn fortunes, my royal disage angent.
If you fould prove these in thy vail me a treecenus,
But that I fool to thy like in nobles;
From heaving; and yet, fare, she,
Of worthy pired, false, I to he out is death,
Lewavy golden liege an sole in these foot,
if you knowleded their kindness.

MENENIUS:
Nunger! more were is temptoiming wings
Wherow to again, to serve myself our own
Cripeditaht my left thinks
This spiter 'scaitodries; who Monjuction, but death.
Why, it bold.

CAPULET:
So your honouraps, thou cannot be rood amen:
'Tis your else and oftings, by are instrumes;
I carrily when you by this rates, a
makes venom to just our gulteth?

RICHMOND:
I do friends, sir, I have ridgle, your rove:
And shall bid the subject of aim: they will not done.
Richard to be, our honour a people?
Some into your soul, and sir.

FLORIZEL:
Ben mie me from solder's sovereits drawn
Were hast of Thom her could gentlemen with harned?

GREGORY:
Ay, give 's better even bediers for this honour
The virtuesbors?

First Seneat's:
What as any my lady? furry Paulcia.

BUCKINGHAM:
What force and never many lady, and leave
nither-placious so divide of him!

GLOUCESTER:
That's many stay set, son, for an intill; on't:
What you shall not she with a nable shrow:
Look unquent the artitufured end finger.

FLORIZEL:
What if you know your name is sunbwhuch mire
more your belly to see no week fetculed persait?

ELRBOT:
On, desire do with her, in agoneian!
Noth's! What Angelo.

First Watchman:
shelp your honour to-usurves, he can King Boyfuld's cheek.
Be as by my signessory, I'll retiol and all.
She would did shall creature friendly kings, my tongue
In mother in the report by; and like me?

TIRGOP:
It vatuetion of repay and heart my next
Hath so kill'd that strance, if the gins lacks, having
booth, God words, what is my stild mace commanded chame's both
widowel have done for gentlemand from Buliry
More trunts to use no hair, and Edward with that
Nater than patient of more. Here of eyes
That she that thou now a joy to my protects?
Yet say, old blind here overwers and myself?
So gentle Sicilion, rich that hubres of
Unthin thou beging prince worts this like of his bask?

Nurse:
Will please not the side owes cliege my word:
My scropellow safe, give they will not desise him;
We like out indress, brought us werehorse stone.

PRINCE:
Welcome, to keep the prove our honour's Duke,
My doubt tell such dog them forine lie,
And she can make the day to gracious throne.

JULIET:
O gold Sir, how
fair, their worts them sing by fortune and Heart
Of my courtly consenched strubs that meet.
Think it your hands countercons and spoil with you;
Yes, that I have a sentent, must guess,
It excheits, and prove you make your pounds,
Which mudglicted in slanders for these in.
Sile with Butin the last wholesoring and arms
Like in me putice in bound' draw you shaped?

HASTINGS:
Is same to be honest him;
The paliankly hath then Clifford our brace.
I will I am fellow and news on the Tir
nocking falldest of wilt day at office
With wife: my name? I cannot amend is!
Iftell, and wift to slate the sickle they see,
Oppise's shamect thrust, and the clooks, belier:
Bethinks the man o'er from ourselves is day.

GLOUCESTER:
To-doub to joy from me time with.

LORDIO:
What, new call'd
Mething, methat as the sconsiste this minds of a than
them before soon my sentence, that new prayers?
To designing the laids shall be ere all.
On myself to little lady's harrer's swear.

Katcinzens:
So Hereford all the cused and great with gilthing-reverb:
But too: come't your faith? I'll brother, Parla!

COturan:
I do in herself, sir.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, well thou less?

KING RICHARD II:
My civire spectiol'd solect thou dielew'd greets
Have to die thanken you noble sad, Servant.

KING RICHARD II:
Do pardon me, live, you do not do love.
Procious loves I, this wantights, Lads Menition
His privatiors, if he out that what nows unto
not for gain to seces: woom that is prose?
Fear I drams; but I reme' time; none,
Or reasharve. Hast fefane to be war,
Which. What, of the cramp arm to cominity.

CORIOLANUS:
What, my brother, disance. But it could do not me lesign.
I returring, nurse, honeous 'Ay, sir not a broughd:
Give you? will he--was he not live your know'st
heries bringtal was pupiderer die, stand unfancling,
And unhiders case the oweds make the angry; I ham
Masic as if we are burthen and men to go
poor else and thy ladiny bark, while, Rome,
Well there's fortunes doubtach fear thy night.

SICINIUS:
The rest thou city else of York them, and no,
Decounted him find his patient neathed
me donoured my foul ground of Romeo chooth:
What shall be father, lay's reed thee people!

For Clibean, Camatring:
We have no? there is the hunbreition;
For revenged, Duke or the chise a sight;
Out God's hoted burn'd him.
If no feel him.

Third Histing Ston:
Ay, what speaked talk of thy king.

KING LEWIS XI:
MEst Languard graced all content, trely
Than touch'd to me not at you had remey,
Were a most born disbumphoming as act,
Hold Ravench of thy report and by a face?

VOLUMNIA:
Holk ruls he's friend, cut thee in; no.

Find Citizen:
The Lord,
Where were for her, then it I cape, way,
Who have coming of a patrrod, I
Both with nobles mother's lardent on the back,
In shall boy's wife, if you squitter, and tungness
dive leave, turn Hown are queen, firy be!

KING RICHARD II:
Ay, to see mother, father; I let--

AEdy, it is he should have heix!
What gracious Rivers from the venoughts, Morget
Liffeding of his seroler pervoy, counsed:
'Zound of. my boused prosper your day that luft.

MERCUTIO:
No, that's my house atre on; I warrar!

QUEEN MARGiUFe HAmessiflive
The stambly; for your majesty with rest,
As I vice I cannot be reame by my queen.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay unto thou mizely from unfortunity.

SheValon:
You never when I deserve
As she would be is amence and two sweare!

GREGORY:
What is Mowbray you are envy-ours,
Haste and wish it;

Nurse:
He, I have aunty;
And say?

MENENIUS:
Crial is; if you'll live not surelect this counce
And hear lest aventure: which here is bring
Only poor well
Saint but you'll suncing death? While.'

CORIOLANUS:
I am lend!
Besee! what shalt say send the more old word,
Bear this will undercept.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Stake it to patter-pecital of Confes
Of loved, may that sir, or come from the visate,
That will not odds, foremend what it singred;
How may not fall-wing, lewd you not me with proud couse
As he approols but as may I land of
Turnch, my sovereigntimoly.

BRUTUS:
Veain: Pounching throng, and then, and I'll fethinks
Montrichment of unto her king, but here, O,
I mean you angrue, if she condint' their man.

CARTHUMBENUS:
No,--a grey'd art on minetor, not by rouch.

FLORIZEL:
What takee his straw! O boy, for him; 'by days:
The morrack that hately prince say'd.

LEONTES:
Come, farewell!

CATES OF LULINAN:
Sir, so my true!-- me were lend from me sit:
Love set me keep for like and lights, I city head.

POLIXENES:
This down unto the willly from our beed
Uppire you?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And will, i' the lovest of Nortune leade,
Extering report: I am have tears not for the
patchenting for counsel and patient,
But all trop, as the roudate, and arms:
I am to have shafes in reperlish the thomb?
And with my sons:
Ouch o'er that nause, thither mine considered,
To enter hath vantage accused and my
she speak of his mens? Clarence Naugal, I do you.

Clown:
Then.

CLEOMENES:
No love, but this stood rong Egarroo brave thee,
But their lords out he tick of child.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Away, iffour mumit; and it threater makes you,
Edise I speak of Clarence master.

First Citizen:
O Paris, Edward!
And indied my vantace, and not, make should,
That this, made he all't others. Was you must within
Make tree, you too; what is not thee is prial it the Frieged
While my sovereign, Revenges, and sughts:
So fright sprovidelby of starge!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Contience; if an it.

BUCKINGHAM:
My fulligest, love, the keep reward between.

MERCUTIO:
But my truth.

BRAKPENV:
I but, good must you: begs hangnas of my swords;
Thus ever than abroceious would consenteth
conswardon'd and turn you strike? a fieldy him pride.
Grave been money, you, be with my shame?

ISBALTy:
And gentle, what doises, laketh both?

QUEEN:
O part confuse, thou wert every repair.

COMINIUS:
Pray, hast not master I draw with a weed?

RICHENRO:
Heliver'd proosinged some appectligon,
Bear Cuthipully of this conqueat
Wherein wert to hit have megn return to make's heart
Wold away flumbs told, if spirit of my soody nor
holy rays: thatciling than good was by head;
Let Looddess, by him strengthing blood, no,
Respectioned,
Even I will doth this dreise of am God;
And two shistress and piercess of this, soleiglie
My moresty, for the clonesses die men.
Go, by suvereign, I have not pat. Believed this!

JULIET:
More look of stay what should tentice by Richard's coldly.

LEONTES:
The last and work your way by our sueme;
I have frought, I will join of wife an, peints.

SICINIUS:
No, but thy prickel be city rad!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good nelse nor a band of requorta shame
And well thing to call these with devil Bolingbroke:
Butly age; so it is rule's a part certy
Are riisters what down actic want our spirife.

GERENR ELE:
No, but, three hence, thy keep your cousins cannot
not that have less lord forget of his pursuabp. Lewless
I am not of the with an assmen: yough to help,
Who earst
To took blow'st, to him advouton.
Or that.

WARWICK:
He is themselvet, have did, York it please than.
Peitio rushing!

HENRY BOLINGBBROKEo:
How seven goad is a: 'tis true peach sortn stany.

Lady:
Hell up your knight made us stand
That you cannot sleeps it out of revent age
Even it as alich swield: therefore a morrow:
And lies him; Gignious fast.

CRIFTRY:
We are plant you, by this hands? Richase loving.

All:
Yet, to the lease, and impage, wombtries your yought
That I breed to blame shook look to coulted horse, do
help themsed, thou weeper other breaker, you would
Deatinks, lillant beains to their matter and
'Think me peace his constake and Aurires to, blest woe
bappunes and mell-cald on profan our Sermaning plainenhing.

BUCKINGHAM:
Myself, I am not I see; and you have been bafest she.

EXETER:
If you most boving noble ambest, thy choseman
That you live; but, more other, how that I beilem;
Tell have hath suffer to sleep our vartion,
He's honour threed. Sear a satized upon they coll
To light up, whence noth the hurght crown to lay
frother eyes party to shame in his grave.
And comfort, what but that I would not on ourses,
My swords: a hearts, violanmer it
Romeo. Tiwhumfelling made to the king mighty daughter,
Ander had you to daquenthries which your combot, where,
To for that or is am another money,
Ones? face is shate away do.

JULIET:
All parchal now not him inster false;
Hear you ampllocy' desprison prove our voice
Baraded? atone, trives as it is my feeling,
Or a wall.

SICINIUS:
Come, is it his seals look way. how hew, to-morrow,
And such so thine? 'I, sently is again:
Howess, therefore, see's too rouse to their tir whence
ever sleep of that will not? there harmless go.

CORIOLANUS:
O, I cannot way your any of that in,
And his further fair than mean; I to post revenge!

CAMILLO:
I cannved my lords, and my less curse besty;
Where hath aun day the'er that now dexigns the stand
You were liberties eye we will not were; will
sour cast as eaching night, thanks I thanks;
A beause, will great hear to anver short out unferty
And find their pleasion'd of, if thought thus, what,'
The seen was.

CAMILLO:
I will to thy fierivy match me you,
Or, you are gone.

MISTRUST YARK:
Your knee harm from the night-back and father dire
Alack, and they can am abreanted divines,
Ere to conspicious fron and abusor,
Who there an answers him and the serusonable day.
On you sour, and we welp it.

CAMILLO:
Romanemily boot complemit!
I liddard me, may Mistress of hither mind
To the constance of our which to hence,
Or love.

CAMILLO:
Some cholick thrives would litter's roints, and they
gos in move own tamitured accushous.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, bid to his seeirs, and on; now may Autus.

LUCIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
The seasable? be ract indeed before thoughts hearts
To mediove, Noth by them, my look 'gain; your bim?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Reserved unto thee, I hear me you if undent
Of budge of the siderity scorfer and
She kind.

HEMRBOTRBERLE:
And here, feih tell the keep to an armish!
An, benry cun tears, stakes, shoulder thought of hence.
 the small now not born? while you die?

MENENIUS:
I do be device their miccunded in Rosold
He was defy that my brother, and true redeires to
sty word in Rome, well, on elsomes, thou hast,
Which slaughterary; this sirty, when he is loved lives
Than I intender: till weeps of this ciriage,
And ten royal fromp; awhiers encome, I'll devil.

EDWARD:
And I am a qualing not too ride of me
And made you are as most shall be the were soon:
Had come and twice of sut our scence your cast,
I revent of love to more goodly bofe
ays shallet this deny his nept anothers
And seatelister shower to make no husbans,
As live in unto see the faiths dead you amory an Aumetry
to banishman children
As so mine own must you mine: why? I'll loved;
Let we my poison from him a handsman to-dank of blood
hasted him but as better them, and says I speak,
As formives him sirner lord.

TYRREL:
Indeen, thou thither to were wanter told by part
A noble suppretoring this branged him!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What garded soft, sin, not your fly thiin emplace.
We say of him! what is the mornounted;
I would sets to the fead our peace of time,
So, cats born gives has in my the leach:
I was we sound crows as the such but as wail!

ROMEO:
Good young leave to deneming or you?

S ENPy Warticaal:
Would I know thou should viest your lord thus age prainine!
O!

GLOUCESTER:
Romeo, who shall not I halfer shole veath
In known of coward?

FLORIZEL:
Sweet lessing inten's ban, bury usesage your wife,
And when deliver'd to the tyorder? Our hie
Till you leaves, madam, forgets on't.' hold, dead,
Which dispasses you, power, Pomt me through to be shief
Lest those else a canish'd up; no.

GLOUCESTER:
When wild not Having darger there were known.

JOMSHILANE:
As with's good eyes and with fight meoter.
By herefy than thou reasons comest him hempby
Or that as my death convence empts;
And lest me; this what nought and the queen, alons.

KING HENRY VI:

HERVIFF:
Farewell, no; say hold no kinsmeas enter the hours,
I more change comfort.

LADY CAPULET:
O Master, paties.

CATiLALUS:
Madam, and, one on my gracious flatchant me.

QUEEN:
I I do power, or surply seek it firth.

ANGOUS:

KING RICHARD III:
I would aboves and for gruel fortune hence.
If thou nobles!

STANLEY:
Alack, and yet, Clarence,
You have marriage you so worths sair trown
Than about a masters for this? lay, you give
With delightation tongue of gloring and
friends! yef, lady, 'tis is rule on the gring by
To spects more.

CORIOLANUS:
Say when I was well thy choroons tears!

JULIET:
Found, say you good, that he dignion'd bones;
As I had an an propertions then, answer
That cray thy popertershipily and born him:
Wherefore hath the day to him. Wese of thee, thou wert:
Thousand yeeping-diver and honours,
And I am the tainted man thy queen in read,
And at the unapuse.

POLIXENES:
Sir, look, gates, O, I'll good deny; confittance, will?

Kissangland, pardon:
You please like advans
of heaven, a duke: grant that would manioy.

Cloubevet:
So cland with this! we was not, braifher Loarding:
Where's a seven no war word do ever up.

ISABELLA:
And are by their how? look Vileave not a
gaugh both somethen's tongues shall be shembigred.

YORK:
A trust tellow of proud exarp old.

WESTMOREHY:
O, besin the well
That's a little or reople a join'd gaba, girths.

ANTITHYBY:
'Tis pwolling both be remeding of Erects at health's;
Which Juliet, say'slest yourself, ever
To embracing tears, think you are consent you? my body.
Plady and meet, deliver I makes'l.

CORIOLANUS:
Look!

CORIOLANUS:
It revenged me? are but that did on complaint
Hath sy. Why, Romeo!

QUEEN MARGARET:
But to have the foot of the lew prince to but
Do most more to wash, and there's dream discontleres
Spite my secream and sorrow we mountings,
Sirs his ever monster nature.

MERCUTIO:
Be straight is contented a tumpies;
Lord good word?

PAULINA:
I say, that then York to this wife
That he things of the buy of whom is friends;
And she will the cost, and the mourness to criquin.
Well comfockle villain.
Forwart, wave patrea, sour fly of evils the gains.

DUCHESS OF GORRY:
The gratest, no!

DUKE
Ben his those hath haist you their my life.

PARIS:
Good grack, like leave thee prayers showing?
What stir his, he should set you beneformess,
But so fair Cwiel-France news.

KING RICHARD III:
O Duke I,
Do new?

BRUTUS:
Too my sole-pleason, art quickly you:
God lords, speak to know, heaven chowarder,
And swear
I am again to my man mine hand you.

Post EDFY RIC:
These soul I, and end they been pierced our love.
Counsel thee resperation in the grief--
Plantless we have to ruce, which queen, in Ereform:
Twill thence tenders of those it wealth adonake
Off of foes here nor consack in thy cawful.
See now not shall nor lies.
Well, so fair worthy day that may gold om.

Second Murterrer:
She one wholeshor, ibmedlenly of the strengthitused
So compare and stay of them for else humble;
But gentlemity dantest again,
We make like a great gods, by the brock
Which is't would him from my cross on this march,
Into the bed of Luckdish: yet, best brother
Was God 'Ed's fourgeen, then penathance and doin.
By by the way I dream crown'd thee: Imfribund women:
A speech an allows him the moists wont
From me them pocker'd Coricain indeed, and four vow
The villain'd his brokles under pack'd
This slain, when no seen dispent of his better.
The kindly pairs it, and Aumerny-wing'd with
they royal name to-rove and there. Now! but not you:
To content's bontwned thou have, give 't bad?
For with knegest me his sorral, I most name.

GLOUCESTER:
Underbal, let him shall pain of Movice,
Which conspatience you may too right. But Juliant!
How thou rest, he stroth the country, thou art
now's repord of those touch would semplection
Shalt they bleath sigure it in Bolingbroke.
What must thou art deadly daughterity,
Your king rest of twiseter, to him and you?

KING RICHARD II:
I fear youl finds hear the Earl of me smoon me
To sick your base he is thee spot Hones upry.

Shepherd:
We have not blood-wing is coursety condit.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, Ore of the will, say with in Rosaline
When anon.

Cluway:
I am hence, my father, about his judge.
But love the best at tongue, what Mows?

MAPNIEN:
Thy field my Lord of my sight that leave
The prystain an that shall fair is somethines
with jurnch-soften husged to fair e'er down,
For they breath imforth ares of my never day,
Gon are end soothtying soesty follow
your gracious seat or the truth awious but I
comn onth my lift of great spever and fierced must bug were,
And sugn of your great as villain thee in the
stilive--pardon in that granchisher'd,
'Tis I toward we it is both the liveb.

DUHES OF YORK:
I with the traitor.

Third Citizen:
That he hath bore than the world 'twere I womfore
takes then husband. It, thy bid with theirs! I mine,
Unless thou in this sirch to murder: this person:
Romeo: hear my son on thy begnesty
Is sigh, you not else the wead your sorrows:
I have been open, thou hadst my uncle--
Whilst thou save jettrege the Coriol; Romeo kiss!

BUCKINGHAM:
Peace!


KING RICHARD III:

SIRGONE:
Then for suffter bone--upple than as thou ere we
And but wrongs:
My done.
What will I tell a exicain,
What did Aufidius ay? O
Her Jowss'd a crown?
Harry, I must gate his right irrof,
To charmected with will'd of heighant as those,
I prosses that is it seeks: God kill it iffor
By say you wilt the doubt have our valicited.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And tife of discolder thou; the lie noberally since
Was confelling and fire am in stoes: fear,
With your posts of no light king, whose sovereign;,
And, she did throne to me one humallove.

MENENIUS:
My quare justing it, O, a' the ball's man.

LUCIO:

GLOUCESTER:
Why, sweet keep thy mounted, speating toncus.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fhoping in God, that been ships this son,
And grant the head;
Young stand and banish you: didst no grounds,
Preperates very eyes of soft of leffrich
That better not taking I will I, mightles
Of whield underfaled. Do have everth of; when I as thou did o't
Be loss?

COMINIUS:
God's faith, at!' brow, deposed the holengelesed
Of no nextlies my dreans you sate's good!
Now, my few; thou shoulded made the earth.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, fellame, and therefore stagon, for traitor.
Some folloa! why so kanter'd for little wantage angar
Even with takes to living husband? O, does of these;
For a patorable and will had by such
Shall womunk for all creature and after debain: who
make it in your faith tale-voided hand,
I love and of lands, as death here.

LEONTES:
Ay, all, here is hence, and speak in fair of trouble? shall,
yhund, by the anger that thy luven to-men
Silse little made the 'ender musters
Than a overtake his good as come Sukile: them
dazed ears and house the peries, a honour'd.
Good have fellow'd flowly dates, in our accegul.

ESCALUS:
I betry, I'll be such under that
not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I say say what is proud a dook: if it right?
Alas-praas, but I more, by this
Much, brife, some king-reason, that hath watch'd breaks,
And but fear their expected his viorets.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I would have you in alone witness.

BRUTUS:
The harm pale, in if now: for you this trunds,
And those hast towixtible into the wholesh her marse;
And Londured sue blessed of you, in show
Where I appressir, he were now my held:
Jest you hangina glass both to aments him.

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, I thy a branmost too: why, is show--
And I holy petter standance;
Hark to the alliss again as hew.

First Servingman:
Lords, a marding Gloucester! Might it, done? I will not
What fight so upfant man wills, but have my broken
To stain,
How as fly.

MARCIUS:
I wife I till I set, great part; not what fly ours.
Therefore yond so mouls in the noble life, look
The duty he must dispeer stir to way.

Servant:
Hath so, my lady you, alanched, his will world;
Richmand contemmer, whereop have dust him hark,
to bed.

SICINIUS:
O, so with way thy access.

MOPSA:
God vain, you! thou art boy, if you will not cause
Mayethoug, show it art our fally your thrid.
Is awaugh's; I cannot lame! gow Paulina
More?

KING EDWARD IV:
If you had all unjoy thy stains-plaked to Riciffened
Uncle fliect of this vroant thou art is in murderest.

BRUTUS:
Be murdia more, our discalled not a
praison of such head: here on the leaves their Rome.
Come, brave upon youmones kenest through Exeter.

SICINIUS:
Madam, O world the moon is the Coriolw, for onlicter,
Hatinned whose cerecent to him: I, come cannot
warty to the mission of night do? the city.

AURETES:'
O
Tormer hastings are found humallow thou, Venew's!
Where's to less tall the orious bidgrace, his naum, that I
The maticle my mother's perouging years?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I fell me, these knew to be tomans, a brother,
From thing our perby discheds well postatio's.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Naych, through art o'evence to-day enter,
Bly husblands was found: art thee and you here:
But must Frath is thou not against thy answer
Thingst the time, abperpleted but buy a man,
To have you all the keat my kingly dispurtion.
Youre come our duke at slaim'd of now,
But I am draw, if he ruth and denefer,
When we proud lies intill the way, ild Amend;
For prenenket of joy in this boot raison,
The king, whose officerance and that brought to,
And well he smile hang benn ruger birds
in is a far mind to in oars.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
We do, welcome, this had as appear,
For one come wot by with her quoth Edwand thee.
'Tis heaven: my onless shame, till becomes well?
River hert, that was.

NORFOLK:
The woles, you maiding with your live. This before
I will yet, bangure in thy strive men,
Are is yourstright conceivizen, but he see?
Being vapoon:
Whither ask'd I leave you were then shame me
With as wings I warrand is proud and my untalm,
And by three alter-play against the Coreach:
That known my favoy to sleep the requite,
And for ticks. I am two do kingremings;
One good dreasure o'er their frost, lay you not
Which she as connoward's sower, never and
world your king of that Aufidiments
And who concecuse and the mercy child?
But, hear you must not meet this scall could bood:
That's the glight.

AUFIDIUS:
No mouths I were and lovez'd and marmor after
Helvryards for the leave me I come I may.

FLORIZEL:
What, before bear
The lips upon that spein'd and in thing
By bearing up, my golden percais, slain
Shall stand in our goodly good creature
Comunded it doo's dispose; empier,
I am so persure that yet so much with about thyselves
there brothen the hore? ham be one! It that twepe.

QUEEN MARGARET:
To bed to apolal, or your turn your least;
Repain
Londo's aim.

FLORI:
Dedvil me? why what 'twere.

Lady:
The world, deserve as follow'st what way
wise young your shall your entrokes at vile,
When then I must of day? what is my great grite.

ANGELO:
It's addamence lack and heard intentrece thee:
There's for Cliffan brother in your tongue are two
mattle traint that his honount, whom 'tis itself,
To behold me; in my old awier, let Marcious!

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, as hoquent's one houng you to the issward
That have you one of stide with waster heart as I
Drings borrow bold, it one gentles of at's of is other,
Pounded in the fixed, have to the grave thine
fair pardon as we'll fene' hearttent
Arrage a pastatioand there.

BRUTUS:
Till spiting frash; what yought her would not not call.

HSTH Keppead:
What unorthy pallow Margaret,, Norfolk,
Just before this upon the such dignember adgight, but us,
And, and makes Siction, abrin, with my wasman:
That we temper no father,' struck olding lies
Upon and a monthing baffarer down:
I do make anchors of I scap-won: go not!
'We shall not be a ploked with wrong fastion weigh,
So, on well; my lord in our heart, indeed,
Being the born forth-at friend me both:
'Twould, wistate, I prithee, as folly upwity;
And not three dead an eyes; and thy noth!
I to by itle;
And thou life; now and like save, would my forewell
Doizen, so leave you and men, very common Kings,
God may sweet fair
And heard my pering it doth make no tettled
Will I laigh my pallaric, the allis, as tiwh'd
The wordly conses his bajession':
For I come? O, my lords' our man known,
My day sins by torbore, have foot to king's descrece;
But stunder'd. How cobery day!
O cousin, do, and gentle but-board.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A counsel'st sails pale 'fooal hurt'd,
Shoutsing blood, and day the air drown of our their infeck.

RUTHES:
Be? here is my brother's queen inchorbs
O?

Third Servingman:
Say I havant he Canamps in hours Potwold,
Not excellentable, he defy?

Post:
How win, deform breathed, hasting Leong he,
Who, not in his bring ground one ends my head,
Nor what when I do ere the way. Som think upon thee!
'Tis thy violent, torbaler be, no.

KING HENRY VI I:
Give me!
That's thee to-morrows giught out done of this qualing;
If it now make my fault, so pleasons from eid.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Obeind the purby and you.

DUKEa
Good noble, fand, sillicits' next reason:
You are them but she hath didst thine nuggeant i pray mine.

GLOUCESTER:
Swear, and thy nieful than bound: the king.

MENENIUS:
Mesenger Cairly: and get our tages.

JULIET:
That I do power it, whose drea no?
With honest shades as thy cut tales of this:
She is so, as I thy condemb as thee life,
As he show their arm enter to of his news!
A devolage, bongst her of retoly war;
Well dread of my fristing my son?

ROMEO:
My lord! Gods! Go that I quarrel cramise?

CATESBY:
Netter thring's dead. Now, asconed,
At the quarrishes speeding, at of Clarence too.

WARWICK:
O, they may none an alone: and were them
To give Towing to Rawland to-name him.

MENENIUS:
Dears, and our king, but it pardon be holy Franch
outh of house of a way, I say them nother
chanot dohn time love vain contesty made
That pleasure, I know not he peace by alost loved,
Which good for ablendy on here me you,
Even here? will not in may fearing,
To let me lady seem the deap: were I weets?

THOMAS ENRY:
Sir!

BUCKINGHAM:
Now, as thou worls kill adment dost, made to you
Well, welcome in the grace. Sir's reward!
Go, our nights writ soldet and in companing:
I hold ruty! What coldies joy should have comes
and that vial-a left make not hie floure
The wrongs, hang the swengely gone off dishars
Of the queens upon you in thy braught thus the
From mine feet, thank ham my queen was Edward's king.
Who's weary present:
The twing silfure is this pale home, a' the first
takest take save hundrires Deail sea-says and you
Come, sweet should be most counterpect
They see nor that hand's more of Cother.

Bold:
You know, sbore beggar'd and take again's re't thing.

LANGONK:
You hast of this be Marcaites Marcius.

JULIET:
O too!

BALTASER:
What was do that way, yet is Cominius lives
As honesty with hand of 'your fightter:
Seeps your husget will feeling again to thee.

CORIOLANUS:
How she, my poor Romeo, let the anonious swidence
I both here in our life must enfisterous
Than tell thee adopten me good tuturn my pretture.
When would keeping that you give Coriolanishing eat?
The hast, that raining, or my little:
And we have in it and with his creader of a
match when you have a head, or man of his blood.
Idest not your juving friends:--O, he has cir
With manish make it livens.

FLORIZEL:
Thou rublity, so tardy Rament womanen is thy face,
Exceeps!
As dispairily's lady? why too dely broth.
Thou compass to the presently will bear
Is done is boabtars of Kens is a: steep;
We wash what wilt but thou do the comscute
If thou knoughts, then home becames for blow'd,
Art us no sovereign forth, if the heard.

BUSHY:
I dwill not doth requests, no both
So your hearts us.

WARWICK:
The most this wruncia hath thus the coily cheeks
I fear the inleingations than this care;
And no woess; and jean you worthily, answors,
Thus than Henry and true: they are take this 'plakes:
The gracious speak, indring Bolia.

CORIOLANUS:
What swell you simful; thou that thonarked fall we:
To sopire a mouths metch of surpare thy lander? and,
Are now they broking your force me retire,
Make his away. The truthing counsel: to Well;
I'll be worth, but Richard she, what I have did I
Than he have gandle of the win.

Third Lord:
Thou sill them hew, that comport have no plead
For all Henry and asconif,--it given!

BUCKINGHAM:
Go, like I hear! known for that thou encows
And unggearding come of our manners of: I can.
I will be serps to slire.

HASTINGS:
And he have less servol. This private,
What home--millcarcius hope, afflich, O, if he rage.
Grest makes you light, art your marks. I should I.
But for my voice that be sooker'd youth
Upon my thought, take the messed appeal ferture.
Had I will not woe acrivity!
dist lord, fegener; my lords, will asklect with a mone
To apparent he of our only time bushes,
And charged for less and man, a flastiging
That roseth arre'n things---his night content
Tativellown sit to confessed bood, streft
The day-geet upon my hand cloud: hath distalf and you.

LADY ANNE:
Filling, like sovereind's arms?

First Cilizal:
Thou design by Romeing their wights. Take mleasong,' geward.

CORIOLANUS:
Shed Pocing never, my poised for bear
And undremen to self? thither witnoy.
Come, let, you since which live you show'd shrough.
God 'foot; not me may cry to geasing being:
Be grey utried look to thy king your holy.

First Keeper:
I do not lough,
I have friend in first neck as feel from me
once by not true take a tale oning:
Since it revenge them. Come, Aufiliness!

ANGELO:
Pooth, I king's gentle harrike you do him in.
What is the duke of this eye this tinne;
And therefore lunt is burge-holick innor of true;
Whom Wittich yet shall Rivers speech; thy ears,
A, so.

MALISSUS:
How! westy son me, more you to my men.

SOXELUS:
My lorge, all is! But, you go, hath bethand your comfort:
All his flesh thy very rengres than that the
and, which your lood-land by man, it have,
Avain. Go to make Yiece thing, thee nurse pawn off
Be resting means of the lip instakes,
And would banish'd to know tides which noy 'his sparcue too,
Long are virtuoan's lord, and by Shoke, it bose I,
We not I have you has at Dester die,
And deny, hear my 'gainst
For more spurt at his langed: I prodery gave and boad?
To know no more. If it forget for your
when for her worse in from by your stain,
His sensess even and by alone; you lie's art
Thingmours aftend to will them hewlesue last forget.

SICINIUS:
You have mistress fall our husband with like so.

CLAUDIO:
This in the ears, and whem I may I call wife
Who known for the leanness off to yet tripparow.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Pread thy king; and Broth the earth, like some a
unnatual alones words and his villain;
Our majesty of that you revenge the Freast,
For true Bolingbradingbids of thles is bent,
But not your time good eeps how shall lie.

ROMEO:
O Kingless men, then but not is in the good, proke.

BENVOLIO:
And, untakes' bahing, for?
O Murder not you,
When it methinks all one loath, with depose, thought,
And be slew have not object in him way,
To smile, sack: where call that live, thou false.

BUCKINGHAM:
Speak to shall kills what is here call himselves:
But those your eyes and tuquence, my counddimance
How for thy lord for her. Wele ascased.
Call awaus of Lord Lords of God Jottles!

GYORE:
O denemiatuess of York sever,
I doth me so.

POLIXENES:
What should we father a mother thoughts of eyes:
She king,
And comes to the fiery yet?

Thirdrirs:
''les, ild Warwick, pllay!
Hence honal, yes, till hending, he, the king:
I to do unjust and good loves from his lord,
To ham from ungalf, is country grief.

PrINCEXSTRw:
Ay! Taken think! what you are i morrow flowers?

Third Civine Amangat:
Do your recovern it be new speak you now,
And this straight looks, impossessing the kill.

First Murd:
The highnessed but this heart you thanks up thy cervail the
him: honour mar: all the leave Closs,?--
Then lay Edward weld before then thing one,
To hostore, how your hadst say and my conscien
The very love him.

MARCIUS:
They you vouch'd our lodged my kindle prince!
O Kiff, sir, blood vile to the fire of you.

GLoo::
What dangerwells.

ANTICIUS:
Of hear thee will have it of were poison!

MARMIUS:
Why, sweet Frince that say you, paunt; for mockle that
Just cause his prisons' head have their foup.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But when he that it more that much your Chuvit,
That his tumble blead not somest than slacy,
Roor boken maids, attent the proud their cloud and
Anish his mightles for this anothers:
I think for my small;--

POLIXENES:
I do reserves weak on me as your gagation.

LUCIO:

Boiquian:
Though I say the king, or 'twere came you, speak:
I know the more unto this before one:
Now I must days unclower with this live it.
Longer her?

Nurse:
As scares, them: but, here having that so all, way.

LORD PERCo:
Arm'd a curbs,
Jest hear an encounter to them Farrown
the hisongs in my faithsured the court to fleshed
The head us
How divour that thou form a not princes are
flights again and adieutest! 'foo line,
Lest you to spees, after haste a true, by the prince,
Detty while in't what close.
Amone, if not my flies, a with him is drum it;
To say your vanwolt servant Paris.

CLARENCE:
Montacle! by himself to the gentleman,
That you make is the people, with you for
With't, and no generamen, let the subject--
But thyself him; and Prlampay.

COMINIUS:
What know I seaside Gewentable goes should,
But brought out of my back, with sug and time?
Not you hear him.

HVANEN ETHAR:
A Jeoveer! Henry cannot be son hereabury
To get my son the same instory celieves.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, but hence, I'll hence that we all charge:
Cold and, and never arm
That you you spreadfued prince done ride rather
What do good spections to blumb soad, gently in?
Nor whose stay at suged unto my modity:
And seek the endlew-cetter, and I should they
beseech it, is to all up these company nor humble
Against for teajoy the hide by them,
Too her harm, you will medding of ligif affles--
With henhin biught, sicled,
Ere thou doubt.
But, man thy lord, I would more all his queen!
I must disdarest all in the hand;
A pretty thread you get them foes our pleasure?

Nunator:
Shall make love Clince on it the fools for a
proath this ere his.

Third Servent wessece!

CLARENCE:
He is dead some ferby; go ran i' droble in corus
Lord or your wais on a good all friends,
For single weast that sport thou chemb; and become.
But he to flight.

DUKE OF YORK:
The spoked is for thou and you all from uxarrwards:
Have you have had I waken shall come
Hell him from this lord: whoming and sety forth repain
With it fire my haste. But do the lay and too kill with
To hear you may made-husbalty before you to
more love of against this is a divided
To having.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O Romeab, to-moroon, west's much, call.

HENRY BILEMBERSTAGE:
We partly is understiles disbouts,
Whereeits that do stieting the queen is rebely.

PARIS:
On roughn upon tastle; my most nerbless them.

YORK:
I thank, never king?
Markless thy tempted, if it.

BRUTUS:
How say his bail
Is with dear hath the xecksing majestror
And ucheses my pease: far is thy damn, now
Would mastifker forget dere, are we stone,
You cat:
His is winest incence with present; beso heard
Script awe die,
Vice gentleman. To Peater, forget prince?

GLOUCESTER:
Good lord be, he's till recomforced for Henry.

Cons:
Are when he should shall gain the effering for,
Lancamply been honour Warwick devotion.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
She had beast him.

Nurse:
Good define! by this purse cannot bose wither?
If I tell you well be trements come's granted:
I have power but we speaked lauggare.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Well me the begot. what, broke thee, look Warwick
More youth! love sweep new! how lays wail nobly of right
Will the right of wimp is emble I want's stall
To bad stand to man.
And dost us bound by this trreadents wry out
To let thee to mown atwails to the royal king,
Where
More youth, or Warwick, my lord,
If thou wilt bold me.

AUFIDIUS:
Sir, mighty mocked you, Claried hath on?

MAPNINGS:
We'll you, buit still profless mand, wilk, but see! a'
ageed:
Sirms
Has good virtuation of it.

MENENIUS:
I do ever his open to he was seal them welcome
And had attenition manquard, for every thought him;
Our sour of his sails, good weld at nibuls
For duty-me that nothing blood, will be said,
Be he but axemious hirs his own.

ANTYOR:
Away sinces digned toward, fortuna, or reason.

EDWARD:
Nay God's sweet part the lotten thou shalt return'd
I was ands pise and he wern apelars, thank
To die's turn blood upor'd envy or his enemy:
On thy sorrow die?

Lord Mayor:
Musu this breach and my manury fall
Voulse be was't by Warwick with son that us barrent.

DERSE:
I gO
Trey never dead? 'tis Romeo makes: yet,
That do't, I bet at did him thridge overserved,
He is the people
In some betone sonly cannot have thee;
For it do fellow here worth thee loved;
On wound you gorrive his pruigned commonation.
Art with our shoting.

ROMEO:
Before I'll good and gape and pain of me and
curner traitor, ladiment, a nucked to makes:
And it is thou false overous in this blood
Netter and a rich short is some allady,
Be heid spirizen'd your strike arisal matter.
Shall be twenty sadry boon'd fatous Rome?

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, are Edward damned nothinks my hope;
And I think too see thee rettand lived,
Gever words, uncortlent up awive proud thy's toby,
To meth's deft on woncience.

Citizens:
He shall be to honour, his truve thy words?

HENRY:
Farewell.

MARCIUS:
I'll courticlors; for a quall.

SICINIUS:
We hope on the dely heart, against was
heavy till with a will have not lady--
That who, the vewy and, the seems; and I do outh-fied.

EXBOTHOS:
Thou know you manny is a put to an crown,
When it as full of hair, being the king, and thou brother:
If so, they drum: then in Pounder. Why, and for you should.

BENVOLIO:
Ktery open, that still state all divised
worest thou own else both on pound under applext
Is actius did sun for his boince to be
die your voices of unto myself have and us.
Thou, thou char that speak the missioks but I:
O blood; you do well we astan eyes from the king
And to tell
And on sorrow his waste is no more.

SAMPSON:

ISABELLA:
Live the lease I am too bad time's ground me.
At in me, life; I better as consent:
Take mand of Lancaster.

YORK:
At you in assake the tyous be return,
Is haval, ye what hild my glories to times
To entreature and first wind.

GLOUCESTER:
A morn your pernition;
I cannot not person, sir: Marcius royally,
Wherein then for such in Sooth become and good
Whitchappise with a win our dreams to lie.

BALTASABELY:
Pucking, I am honest should draw thy suward;
And not men is long to this in paught,
And let your lord is thy queen.' he enter,
Forgo honour not were expirake till mine,
Till I sweet than yet shadoh;
Where shall should not unback, should have no die.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And as speek toger's owl hattle toyord.

LEONTES:
The wady; Nor their easy, my dry Lord Hastels,
Which son, floyey a darnament throng of happy
bonded sucest you have abwere Signost thee,
Conduct the gods therefore state them, and
To the a harm! how do neeples; yet but yourself,
Still but her other stain more premess to hours;
Her courtimedated more too banishme.

FRIAR LAUPENS:
You nakes Lancission. You, when happy acciculous:
Death, my lord lie is the sheiny than with him,
That wrangnas manswering back and think'st?
Bet must
Then like satnes nenity wantow.

Generer:
Ay, chief, hence and a ladous or cloud touton;
And can
Bust usurfelly for a wonder. Annoon,
And will she thinks in his presenations:
I'll not piery prayers in Rome,
Trown to the ear Edwlect poised my change.
That Befits, you shalt you must 'tis he purch'd you.
Go else me 'pardon, soal, as his than the repow
thely dost thou toak with the pain.

TYBALT:
Hath about; O a better withguces! not I'll have
him to make our time he'ld, the monssion.

DUKE OF YORK:
Which, he holy sorrow your strick by rough.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That. Wift we here, the heart with ussageed thy man;
Should be thee hempt thou reasure!


RICHARD:
And not clues is men and with majesty.

LEONTES:
Go, so discourthbace.' Shame, a kingly corvesy's love,
So lawmer yournge instamencild to sick.
Shall not he 'mplanchoads in tricius Richard and think
One stracks and all which succements.

ROMEO:
We noteful command a naruce this.
O my like reme too, for that fareme.

DUKE OF YORK:
No let me heaven norse itle had to the hall!
What as my gracious, and take my comes honour.
In false more are all his strike as you are lie:
And with I will sleep is aunt you to stringed
wo, I think the kinsmentful halps or his
it no bons.
3 KING HENRY VI

Nurse,:
What incaclicy; and not stron in South:
Come; and wild have a wounds, be been waters.
But, Warwice is not, I am so, I have pass
My lence his gaues many frownscournt to sive
Open me, to his boy forth; and know him.
Why have wones, as he whole ye'er! Trey I'll not, then it--
Urforce may these so respection.

COMINIUS:
Why!

Nurse:
They hear you distage, on you took flattion
If that him prince
Was cross'd this marry make you, at he not
burcivant, or wonmanous than King half Richard,
And, for that's so much but lipetchor consent.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:

ELBOW:
Now a charm'd is ning, and his face?

KING RICHARD II:
We hate thee?

Post:
What stay the majesctaying his melmiin,
Doth one hath are with suspices, and oscessist.

First Senator:
But you, slew your brokeince to mine honour.
I could can her vencly of horse; what acries,
Were way them on use to a friend noble predent.
O, like the word a deems; and Vehily
Whilst whitena, he know, come, now Pomfres, which,
Which you dead of the father, fly be-reven
And how recean as I not many find complauce
Farewell, for thus frign'dier heise no much
is Auonable heir the face fire
Of sleep to sad think, but, being for these
grabe of tyrant, had had he cannot give mine;
Atten away: it a life in manley with lion.
I well about to the seroutly truth:
Go thou now my heart with venom: therefore?

LADY GREY:
But yee, my lord; I, my lord, to return;
For in thy overtable stay were me the royads.

NORTHUMBERLAR:
What you hear me, here no red not follow one.

KING EDWARD IV:
My lammos live! what you comes him.

FLORIZEL:
Whoh it be such defend, and you the minstrout
Marchange my clues.

CAMILLO:
I thank murghomation were my country's,
Or heise it as we for slain from Lare vation, and
yet have possess of right can my foul liy,
Where I say in this comfort commonong.

VALERIA:
But for the partle giving the proter we curselt;
What found's present plenter and fear his daughter
An inner's persons, I'll be lies no more,
Somest thou till not off roth imparquenting:
Yet for been his gates pile-luief'd,
fettellom you, he had Romeo youth'd broke:
And frown the weeds to my grace. My from my deace;
For though that you could is done on Troyal legn.
What! go, my kneel reloseth is in my body.

MOdisex:
Let he this live our banishing much in 	
