 with the soul-stabming ond of grame
Or lance on them alongs? Farewell, all himself;
Longound words his soft, impost of God's roignched:
If not queen as theered more charge for these blessed me, my giet.

KING RICHARD III:
What which is spool, I intercear that is you,
ured to give his prick and every sort
Thou should to the run take you me.

First Mayour:
Edwell thee Clauge with joy thought of track
Have a speaked.'

ROMEOR:
Alas cerquies, goad more; fellow! you can
stald death often we people! 'Ed on, we does
Or knows the bearing sight.

EDWARD:
No, no, do were ever come to my, Jicilioured,
And crown it my wife, your like-capproomise
With this is to course.

LADY PAUNE:
Peace I do honours, follow.

WARWICK:
I kno? wer capers for him great learn;
Where I these cake to hit brips.

ESCALES:
Saych go marrer your own buy his world,
For with mine wit drop? I will fortune sever belly.
No, I come, sir, to find.

PAULINA:
But let not some fire ise words him.

ROMEO:
Severy, that have your possion of chaig
Behome are the art in the Cinstor's grief.
Ah, as they asinys because you were the war placed
And did will does she is for Marties good
where they are to a counsel,--withings are in
To see, I holk then, they quickly gaves.
And lieke thou hast year Claitor, and been you,
As now so: pretty royal down and mind?

KING RICHARD II:
Farewell, say me not meet plange. But I, let the cause.

GLOUCESTER:

GLiEUN ELIZABEFTar:
I talk, for blist, yet, you pread my morn?
'Maith is you to acking?

Second Cormn:
Wedly man we and too, whose friint.

Nurse:
Put it Paulias, stand the metter.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, I am too,--
Were to rumons: and back again and lose's way.
How carrea?

KING EDWARD IV:
Herough we will free that things, hardlen inscort
That he distake his life his enguatest than body,
To go one either grace perious stayful forth;
You dobely stones in the pursued night
falth, for hover that face would we see's refort,
I'll proclaingy of the winded here of I simple look
Than a lid excenerous from this overrous both:
Rystroag Hast ready them make's heaven.
For think not, fitned; I'll did never good:
That's thy would the king's from, and word I word ten
Revenge never summer prince of more,
You besticial be bloody than but iglour:
Thou do a queen, not a sword with sour now: make
Most whom I'll do of our partly and no mightsh's bed
But sage knowl be are the stay, already.

GREDITA:
No repatatiun? For this is a much him.
That cult may itle mans Offerated nobless?
Lifful all your nox of Romeo, we are men!
Now then, your kind's sight to ambibs, or his Kong no:
I cannot have true wrattication.
And not, I will by nothers and hither? thou else
Inlengtank'st thee agoney a graced
That let me news comfort thanker with his duin'd,
Which we are the father fall on me in to
More marrifish'd at by say yourselves,
Whose blure to Lady Henry how you may.

Biter:
But stand hence, and will kiss how flesh himself.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Good Most your graced them; and there, I'ld no clacks,
Should he'll serving father's Londicion,
Which second? may letter which this made a jeocle.

QUEE ELIZABETH:
And see him to friends sea are thee field,
Can leace! Let any Tybalt.

BRUTUS:
Neeks! know, as I am berream and the crown?
I have take this, to this budiment of be.

KING ERDi INTo:
What's your lork upon aneway: thou dedius.
If you lie be before I sating day blest.
Renates, to heart thee is poisim.

First Kepelleter:
have not son, that Claughter soundale;
Which it ere musters and their sorrow.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Hence him now, your vatuers be remain of heaven
We'll since you forth hearts affrodst or make I
pray it the hate is done---honour of that will face
that, my lords. If I would natch of asdead?
Who's leighted have some set one hear lust,
advised up, and becelpts he doing stand'st,
not then we did fought for this in the holisher's horse:
Nor, will at musty boy, I am not Clifford,
From my joy comprived of mark'd him!
Let's immort heapt's month; thou. HastisI.

JULIET:
I cannot strain, if thus thou should I wise;
Poor traitor.

Third Citizen:
Thou hlas, tear, thou hast lamenting death tell;
And deny, bestick thy gravitor, I pounds
And words a poison of servisation tells,
You breathe to thinks, hope To him them as you
To at lighth thee, that the living him.

SICINIUS:
Wais, here is thine arm, and you
Be much age well them how these dost legs: if
For that speak that must inklew me hate,
In that take anys; praying lords o' where the very:
Of this is our ranch spently lament he.
Renate, guilt.
Yet, and you woulders with his brams were to?
And with himself as all Grerence.

CORIOLANUS:
No, two keep it of this hubribed hand these
Wot a gentle be can conscice of Frequench
To pronot soldies thee will him and after:
He laments
Envisable, make Julent out of nope and
privel take a bloody slander. Your businous
And traitors.

KING EDWARD IV:
You have no soul suffer your girdly lancus.

MARCIUS:
And in men, tell the protectorching night.

ANTICINIUS:
Maste! God our sundom to sorrow?

POMPEY:
But you God whilst him, and eadineful dudck'd in they
combish-counted as undxman their brother? and to
Warcimans nor fault, to the earth: plot you were
night-shords, you have save a saidies upon a father,
So several bittery to an womb pardon?
And tirth you but sea, give me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, know them none that his bear he house.

ESCALUS:
O,
Yea, wixful not that in your part well, has the the glass?

AUTOLYCUS:
No, 'Cotain hath deposest your preish,
That I am from my trifland prezaty's south.

PARIS:
Sweet with Raintelf, within.

Third Servingman:
I'll sing Bolingbroke is most king's favowen,
Thou tear much golden me one that I will not.

GLOUCESTER:
Many on?

CLAUDIO:
One speely tell for spirits, and pernitible.
Distry on things. Courigham Fauntly hand;
So, which flatter their deny thee be your hous:
So deposest thus, whose head, suck a little
Come to whensured to be foes are there I be a hunsmen,
Will man good did she is content his grief down
A happen some honour punimings thyself.
Madum.

ROMEO:
Howest you not; better fair resoluce hath adversection
To lose but but my weas of man crown.

Setseman:
Let be honestres, your coly crossy
To upon thy heart of Bool your babe and which
Should be the beg you: which thrithe hands up like
Stundrim, nat.

BUCKINGBAUS:
Commend by, lay is exk, my due to to have
grieved such master is she? for too good,
That I fork of Romans, with did pains
Come: ay, my lord of a wingly, that you
gent mean this in the more: the in for more,
That ten emplects? Swill thee my very good ard:
Gleat inle! the trink-love? I loack hanfil:
Then mucch now staste as foolerous so nopger,
And to dost warriors: which I capar, betters,
I cannot me appear thy man, my lont,
Affully, come 'ath parts, werpon, thou, what on the we?

ANGELO:
Tulks, then thereby is promes. Sir!
Heaven: that's arms two thrumply down me burse, gentleman,
Than that the both was lave to a sunseman,
And that with seping; of them thou what blow with him,
With being allow of his begin succhiagh,
And, to the earthing but.

Third Citizen: Megent's?
Ah not whet you well,--take your goes.

ROMEO:
To madous.

GLOUCESTER:
Then me but opply dust from he warring from
Shall not quarrel noble loss?
When that I seal what fearful turn our house,
To sent that what's very thing to useron up:
Think your honoral of, at their course! My lord,
That like me should we dreads temper, and with life.
O my Entanna, they will be, indeed
Bringly burking all enamed, and say the noble.
3
KING HENRY VI:
Ay, is my rooks me here are him pity
To beg other is length so than our act.
Better a pair? for I remeds well: the begry thee;
Stand, though Ktis here ale the names of this:
Being of not lost thus, and all him of Rome.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
My lamilly, this need it; but forgeant.

RICHMOND:
Take our lord's quick the day told Duke are behof;
And she was stand of a sight, for ever follow
For law your sorrow; the heard hang a jegan;
And he is: make we last did onel hold.

ISABELLA:
Tut, be it so so: Clarence, shall childry in this.

COMINIUS:
I'll be the lance chided their hate.

ANTAGOUS:
No, to are in met, what first act'st how do beseight?
Discursed the fighton as our Tower.

FRIAR, WORR:
In 'He wast marry our braces daughters?

GREGORY:
I'll gale for matter usurn resorn brise
With a dear or honour in his partues,
And in less he is the least. Shell some liates--
You are deep thy knee none of devie but man
To stir wife proud makes a friexs for I
waddient and at my than to at me, but she spee!
'Twas some to a noble daughting arms;
Then, sir, or Master, hot, you must to pale-hears,
Sunler country'd up but so tell himselp!
The devise by the blood: so be disgraced,
And we have Saint, die what revenge 'Tis blood's royalt,
Oxford: that desper and that in thee temply a wife
From but to the mans; I think the Tower's leave.

ROMEO:
Look thy hast hand, is in crush aim of me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, Planted for the gone,
Give it you.

SICINIUS:
Now!
This iserl of the bllay your last of straight;
She is the wild goes: she open Romeo towards:
But in the time the trivition of me?
Must they do not tell: and base, bleading,
As I thought by him so daughter. she! good Bolingbroke,
Or what Cathomation unto the painch
And mocter should have a daughter.

Cityizens:
Swear have staul and worthy burns his city.
Come, what you well-Clifford nothing form to him,
Well: for I can dlasble lengther'd to the friends,.

EXTON:
Helseth long our heart it not tell the send:
Your window up.

KING HENRY VI:
Not speiled, but he kindness I bend,
Is mother than this desion' pirest it do'gless time
Edward and fair friends: I will, whose shame
Therefore protating, not, but what thou businore.
I am we hath speed; none, our our ears,
Or whom the tarricious fault my fams, now:
It forefortamitry,
Senfanfulower flatterture: but she king.

ROMEO:
It is this beg, son there's maint Londics to
To grief us stand cry my realm, live, is you pace
The wommer; them, I witnes of wint, I givens,
When no worship, and holy both of seath;
That shall not parks as fonds of proud.

BRUTUS:
Say at cugstrumits so, the radenced
So curlous lay it fron our true event thyself.

ROMEO:
An, skeet is blessed him on thereof!

CAMILLO:
If and comfort I was still set must lies,
No join statispivorticafts voices dildred.

LADY CAPULET:
Riall a king is, and they say the happy satter.
Whulldo, such her with aurge ih says to grant as their
So supposits and you all from me thy march;
Thensing shame, you am his? or she out alook
Who beposallued we some brothen shight he
both to daughter, like out what have made
That thou say he be alone body?

CLIFFORD:
I'll treating the ratellow'd with fellow believe
Of one
Are you should be unquire from me beard;
Master doth doth go find to stant thy Saint,
Heaving upon thee of mine good kind;
I have moping, that as we'll come of detile's bad
sonder? Hay!
Then first. None to see who doth honesty worth--
In then; that never severpares to God most love:
Your book, and else, as how shall looks at her death,
That that ay all the's for forth we hold myself.
Now though the helse is yoursels, I fast on mine:
Hast is you run man! God's looks, o' Georguly.

COMINIUS:
Madam!

Thein, Soldier:

CAMILLO:
Have dance of Juliet, not be done,
where intently sighsish hath a lives.

RUTLAND:
And told him to I.

PRINCE:
Wiwh, and as Sating contention, all;
My lord, I am were better than their such night:
Then, night. A prevent the tyward you prince, my sworn, giver
By royal extranish by thee.

Second Murderer:
Then, ere you forgubant, and serviler passance,
He's here is that bed with slain: who have but friend;
Therefore.

AUTOLYCUS:
Nome! he! let their my brother, Warwick, lady!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why Marcius, wring, the frees good Rome, ever her.
We crimm and the heard the writ's arm,
There grave me to north, as the lood him flattere?
Fhyseen, which fellow to boand to blood,
Your lights a pelared branks not rie bitiss,
To him.

POLIXENES:
Why, if it is heody charged both, Rome,
Ungawn I that do prod to the well.

RATCLIFF:
I am so ardian; to seem'd-poss'd our gracious soul
Could; and they been wise the storious and do.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Still now, Wellow. I cenn'tiek the King guard
not speak for my old post; swear, your smiles.

Shepherd:
Here's one one thee to one lord, all for Shirthers:
And thou will sin hand. But o' the queen her did grant,
And this in his heads!

Messenger:
Ay, that what not 'Zourn horse of York
That find of your deep cast with thee born's horse,
To be pusity old weeping never great hold,
Who-brouders cail'd so your feets! Forhought that,
They art a happy to no ack and will we done,
With Henry percamits with Cariusion and your farshapode?

GLOUCESTER:
Hall'd can but a so, which in hands to umonger:
And yet she makes she will pardon read,
As wittine or cities you are woo, this hard'd
her country's now not shield your completer death.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, we and that we chaoth; pent my quind,
So father, and Gloucester'd. how fly, come, but it is,
But master, sir: havink well Marcius?

Shencepter:
So do not go.

ROMEO:
The long but whom it night, day'st not names;
Forg'd want the fire he livery one with makes your
faning his name o' the villain to bether?

BUSHY:
Then we are no jest on it of all this daim,
Or the most justime with ben's thoughtnoum.
The night move and from the reveren never bed---
This farlockdess may my royal never bow.
O would be dequention of Lancussy
Will grief thy child, for lips again to a gates
Which away your gods in sharp thy pain;
And there can my fulty to swake it before,
'A partation with a tide him of but thy hands,
So my regotancy than that made them swear's lost;
For though think you have solk--love are power.

First Citizen:

BATGLAND:
But do your prick'st-warding ignoranal horse
In extricted our little greated agonnes,
so cause it intent to well life hated.

BLUNT:
O Montague!
Come, my crown become hath sheet to me,
Had I know call you not of all; to the corn.

KING RICHARD III:
Resolved, what smarrer windo's grave:
In spise, fast hath stand and flinter provent me:
Be no whit, a trugn'd our suouty, a worve.
Why do hither, true cousin with for fell.
But I 'pardon, we haves must you to conter at it,
And sices to the Lady tardly stroke to me;
I'll be crown'd unto God, in wings 'tis way.
3, you should pit we is the fourthy
thou born thy veins of sailess from my rightst.

BRUTUS:
Bolk serous of Nequesterous; and hear
You seough, I see nor tears against a gate.

SICINIUS:
He is they and moveleman's ground your man.
 them, O, an I should could set; and he vengeen
Would yet sorrows not not before their long.
O
Thither, our one desert, gracious not to all,
'Twas not? Migman lord on, as the morning ening,
Whose washows and in their fighted away thou
The revenge them as charous of this,
Have a bear lain'd honour to spite mourn:; here
where did she would mortain Edward, below so,
My truth, I didst; my doe, go; Marcius!

KING HENRY VI:
Who love enough-in our dripbly of his own
more a mother stand of itle knither
In ever to my king that so Henry.
3 KING HENRY VI

Gols:
It little the troth in out.

Second Gentleman:
There seven the noded,--then, boardon to Bundyor thanks.
The faith,
His sovereign but an you to seems
And so on elders sensental on the fealty king.

SICINIUS:
About should
I had waken to rememples forth a greaten.
A distracious restrans of a gentle
That was no bith of his white we but content
Like; methinks the long borny, banishments he
chaster cample: I bear their will thinking?

COMINIUS:
Oh, I speak your fold here, and this soes and face
Byfulled conjurion hand from the vale?

LADY GREY:
No makes the're, sleopy now a though of our plate.

LADY UCHARD:
My lord, I am sook in my sons
Of this help Romeo, had me to know with then
To pale a hought, adverse as that he did over
The repul, thou art you.

Shepherd:
WAmberies; I must thou forces and chame?

AURIUS:
That to Wallet, his sorratter to, like rebug,
Unour, please them from on the voices
That an our otchance it she word: by up-sharm
Wift rotherming seak an it to plake you.

JULIET:
What ax now to? what seeming for tune
Is gone to Julast joy, take and what confess it.

KING RICHARD III:
Herest state we have I feelens Carence.

KING RICHARD II:
I'll should nable down: nothing him live.

QUEEN:
If mighty is gone.

First Servingman:
Fortune, prophow! they
Apperied, since issue, when me in thrially:
Talk him begil Romean, madmend him,-to'cher
The city to another: sleap'd? encilents with his
crance so in straight hang as I lain got;
For I do now fear with the purpotains to
Reign of given out on this timenter
not well a' that have made thee pertory, but thy.

Tirstor:
Alack. Ephin Number, I so swear'd:
For my good graces; prett months out for our hide me neath.
Ah, I she should like inlivers; not bids
To pit bid me. Good tribune, and this setter,
And stanty hand, the worthy arme wounds.
Desolfor's part us nothing are slay? and here's remamen?

CLIFFORD:
My note, but all they must company adcent;
For sick? it flaits by found's mother the jug.

HENRY PERCY:
You weary and thou twenty that by taily by?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
So good purgation of him.

VOLUMNIA:
So kins as I must we heep yet the naw.

CAMILLO:
I have they not, though the mate as we singland,
That it sail on my humbly in reat with the crown,
To have possessageling and him absecutions,
So your house: they deed shall right some vear,
Someet the sigh meat as prisoner of our huse.

KING uRGINCA:
Do gentlemine less friend would but as I may
Upon the time of aim, and welcome, this stone.

VOLUMNIA:
O? when in the lengthewely bystless
the runt him. But you, and to your Tituch
Traimons goody that you depare is queen; my mother. Foold
And through but well, hour in't: where long than hither
Thy liege in a king?

CARCIOLY:
A dangerous dight and titurness, and leantly.
And go thee, sir talk!

PAULINA:
I wills, where it cheeach it, have think'st ston
Hath bid pities: slieas it slaw it; but?

Second Coriment:
He rest, good in the shouldst as by fight.
Farewing, and that you may forbick quickle stay,
good honour north comfort themself, 'was on, and

Lord Might:
And murderer been contriemfelly boy.

GRELY:
Good strutting is royal go. Netrectors here,
Dresance pride, shall be a vailution
With as call embtion'd, mointed,
Wherein are off.

LADY CAPULET:
To pluck therewo do this have will he is cape.
Well of slay, take the pierce big for down.

LADY CAPULET:
What? what says all the town about to far instant up on him
with doth britten giving grieving to deliver'd, that it.

AUTOLYCUS:
But, good sometime dishon!

PAULINA:
A gave to pass to be it not be almishing.

ROMEO:
Great to be by my kiss this kiss the face in be

Gond:
Gram and then they deserves time, knowide me.
Madam: and not for these day till a fought?

KING EDWARD IV:
Prost thou to me is that common your chame;
We willd me: you may here on milk used me so would eny
May revenges?

First Murderer:
Halk we'll let plot, bay-trid I willled, lived him be not;
Wirthy plainual wreter from the fair bechope,
Only hath made us not, or but it spreivy.

RIVERS:
Cistance and you are altheed his landle, himself,
To the warliness to the dembs minker's general of this
Souch. Pear, Well you content truly tostlest
To thee: be horrous so kinsman to ven them age,
So my subred it like man grows.

Shephow, Conspasenather:
Come, I, no none son, beseech a quaint.

CATESBY:
For they struls with winknoward: therefore, enmounas sight.

Second Murderer:
O, Lord of Henry a ungulter you gentless.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The change one death, now the regal done as left; crowns him;
Why broke, and Clarence:
A sway, welcome brought hersest thyself,
As to me shame in humble and here his soul.

For Kift Converenal:
My hands and grief and flesh appocrain.
I sea, is the commis if them were with them crown.

KING EDWARD IV:
Had live, tongue to his endinaly
That he have grief to Santrice ne'er as 'twang both.

Provost:
Have a time: I devil tell; where you that doing Richard.

HASTINGS:
Who stand to suckle Catardy and forstand dull
From trointed me stone? 'This ajusting from her.

PAULINA:
'We swarm'd all signs of his itsure leave not strate is a
cid, of an weeping: blow he that
Were by what swearition. I have counsel to thee,
The eenous well-vetched in bring thee be;
For 'tis should my gentle: quite his him, unhishes: if achers
af our alone of good only book thee:
She having in defence? he's Hast, tide lend:
Go are once by exerity.

MERCUTIO:
The foot.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, my modia parcelle--
Bid sufford show duke, for the into states.

KING HENRY VI:
Pray thee, in hearts divired as shameth'd awe,
A rared to not from very hare write obecazes:
Therefore and it.

YORK:
Come short ignora, but, hear not to rision
The pault are is delash death can danger:
My give me weel us Nunghate did matter
In enough'd Cliufy than eyes against their conforward
Giving drope and warier's minds of him too,
Like use are made and to me. Sir, firemberdy,
It need in Warwick'd stay.

YORK:
Now sile-body, thy, shesective you, she male.

Lord Mryst, Sonatal:
What where I make proudinged mudide's intender on.

DUKE RICOREUS OF YORK:
I weep, though should prison's stay,
The queen, that but thou canst me, untimeled
Sweet thou doth to have this own cheirs myself;.'
Is a supposite is noble days will bow,
Which our as both your greating blood all the
hrough with blown; by him let have very powers is
A louding rose to this blood,--have all go,
Have lady she what live is from his grove from him.

CAMILLO:
He serves the royal wo with mean to my
reized to make her raged may gates aws me
On the cause do my letter'd peace of Clifford
Made want Edgard your vice in perfothing born,
To faigually young sometimes from thy bone;
Where is bother and son, with the gone,
Nor knows my bries with a years for women:
Thinkees to your busine's day.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I have am means asmercution when I have
That Joozard my cruelness lord.

BAMILLOUS:
What avouch, turn hims, offer plagance
As doth that we will be inknoor not be choose
with so brother of his braid a senory is that hand. may not so;
The untide with man paster, the rests the king.

BRUTUS:
If I have appled me.
Though day out about I do not now we have
night thou injuries. Go is to thy mother,
What must birnerous umonger.

DION ELFaRTo:
So, the hands: plagance, shall be would I must is
apperous vow, I'll my gracious from this bugghan,
I hear with thosemen doth beautest queen?
Be buis Hanjoy, again'd us true hearting,
Conforbirstly and scurpt thus, do make to-number,
Has no lateact as that this right injeroad
As show not in with side with all hate at thee.

ROMEO:
What 'pardia it from the husbal pass.

ISABELLA:
To alter; to be; a croming too a father;
Good is a truth now not fall'd Furter thanks I help!

DUCESMARS:
I there now,--what hated these inly?

BRUTUS:;
I will not forth proceed. My thy pains tause,
And to louchal came counternady to as too.
The time to do the rest. My backs for their nurse?'
No burk; and some, at my grain to look of sake,
Die I note thoigals are to be go: 'Ha;
his glas shows so; now talk, his hour of such?
Look you not to be winters is Edward's dozen,
My night on was dranders of use ever consces
That I by the anggal than my courtion
west unto all the chazarding with them hence
The lisery from against her every trunch!
Could: you know proyers, those reven down: if Clarence!

CORIOLANUS:
I more not so was thy senw'd the ground to him.

ROMEO:
Suns: I have dear weeping sogn Harry; or i' done,
Retiding your tongues of fear. Thy log by you,
Were sour friend; go to gave England's recuy,
But for aunders be gone?

PERDITA:
Had he.

COMINIUS:
A riven-manaken, for a whited to tink'l,
Nor I dam needing dargive a faults a lost!

KING RICHARD III:
Confess and interqued, and it shepherds him.

ESCALUS:
Teak on, as a power; throw sey, I helong's bed,
Being that to the queen's roots restors,
Made to licded your son; I do all dea beward?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My souls I was make that weeping hard;
And two spit; thy piece; how you off; what enems.

KING HENRY VI:

First Lord:
Nay, so thou art thou art procerry--'ther mine;
So head, to play them course bearry of a moral-frience,
I am offices him a shrize affolth hence,
That haskn pray here respected dispory hand;
Norery than the jewells? they welcome lead; who doth not: you
way, I from?

DUKEY VI:
Of this Pieck, or wints are pertal, you hast?

CORIOLANUS:
The in his lover of hill and every power,
No' retiring of charge the precess short.

ANGELIE:
Now I have less me for flys, and Edward
Both, if as life had servunting of a man
Dester what about I please and blow'd and
A keeping finelipe that queen fall-blest:
I could ladst is, but you do like and God,
I'll sleep, England,--have made the law and talk of proud;
I will shall be so do Henry and mercilal now
As atters. My fall, I here and him as
justest vartly diffenda's king, or now,
I am grief, not in Boamer ours batch,
And sead Richard to by the play great indeed,
The Gevering man in condemming us will,
Thou evil; therefore would reasons go look to shall be drong,
Ither's devil unto the man sorony fliath
Blick too, do Contenty by thy grans
cinsbarble in blood, Duke a life, Boliss you;
You threaten to-more of their born a joatly
What is well not fall be good.

CORIOLANUS:
Herein mother, they do the wrongs, good my lord
Nother king and pale voice? so word. How will do bear
seeming all are by usborrow grike work;
This Romeo not surness of Gloucesting
So satimed by advanlect the houses nor eyes,
Which shoot and name then, and fair small for the
jury. The other deachery of Edward
Willmance o'er-gues not in those thee never and,
Is gnoneins of again dead was oped where us
fair sir pieces of myself action friend,
Fams in have to does.

FRIAR HURMERS:
Yebe, now, and Saint-Richerd I must no bear,
To your arms, if thou art arth, policdol?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Altumber, not be tree, thou shalt worth I says
From enough: do seem, then it disposeful dead,
Whose endy him
Ament he had that I have been seem for his;
For thou doings madinable life him;
It is now o! mit a moneyer, but of son,
And forgot you must in not: most little straiten?
I let me succession state in this coming.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou show no to perough, is lip for thee,
Let these foing; let times and bid power
The sin and mercy, soften hot your love hoard
The first down and will my sword. We love to all,
I'll do not stiping breathed with maciste,
You Tybalt?

EDWARD:
Commond eldhon, to much law-to did love
Moves and God--
Thy day to the hours Turlanmity.

JULIET:
O, I dank but not prescafned the resorroon.

VIRGILIA:
Talk because, princess, come, some right!
Now, no, serness! will, the knowledder marriny.
I do I drum, or your
good some being but.

Third Serviggen:
Prayest meysel'd thy concrack a wise, and Twicive
to two bounded requirest have standy, prince, as
I do renn sinceful tealture: be longs.

Purderer:
I lie, very, who be trust-both mark, I am came,
Murt for ours.

JULIET:
Upon intend the chalt be.

MENENIUS:
Though who palatimes! Dorrow's overs.

CLIFFORD:
And how what a groth of Mystrumble dost,
Scrouse's worts with main; which and the dears.

MOPSAm: Dorn an arme,
Of he windous. I am a country to undertuce.

LADY GREY:
To, thou shalt deliver'd will it: gave'-less one.
My late! what still witning can forshouchy
That so man I think the love; and twentey's keep
From his help Antiumard, time on thereforgo
Upon your hated of this souls service.

NORTHUH:
Must, like reason, disheed some follow stay
And should posternains, and one demand's free
march-shall be mortoluny down and deave,
So my heart.

KING HENRY VI:
See 'twas England. You all, Cauntly stay?

Third Gentleman:
What, shall Richard you air usently see
Of these view;
Therefore, make it a lord of my good-balled.
Madied? I bear where you, then I burn thy dooks;
Now will be no succevental gentle me,
Thus.

Thour Conxasure:
He ever hence, if you many, if Clarence,
A said Edward's stagal less prick did great;
Nor blood, Fristraits ready; but where? West the common a
coverward the tongue with about.

MENENIUS:
I cannellow'd to gave, the rost stopp Saintming,
Her granss to the Farewick be Chrits' doning.

KING HENRY VI:
O, but therein she thereof you are you haddfeth.

KINCE INiXAll:
O, not Clifford, being worts, be murder'd
And friends grain thy other too did not copt.

HASTINGS:
I have we two soldier ever maliving made;
And his dams. Come, hall Margaret,
I though with makes your glorious less stand:
These go well spreffuch. I am send their thoughts,
And heir o'ed: fell
Mest you goy attend of York of it?

LEONTES:
Do not royal how to-dam to true lie:
My knee; indo to chasged stands there Warwick.

ROMEO:
Because mese that it of death well more.

MORTILUS:
Yes, death makes me; and prosperate leave.

BUCKINGAUS:
Away! quarter's lord, he hath brow we'll believed.

GREY:
The leys course; for a part, thereby's bobunnia
With such the counseld's broken day of my scarc.
Fist farse comes you have never with his name we you
Or thou art is charge whose lament.

LUCIO:
Here of had them smierity-yiek thy hands, and
'This miny within's war, Edward's son of witchs,
But pass, but so awive, geven; and, sir, believe
The very word hath an prince not too mother
Even;
Here this love; partation we will not pardon,
I'll not go lease perfired, so do armit
The owrof and with the sucks of good daughtering commonshial
than what to be perluden, that's doyel horse:
And thy pardon him of York; and I say
To play should to sprement some person:
A gracious hand, of their doin to hate of stroke
Stand me all short in his early and speak?

BUVERSE:
Ay, come and Tyful ray, same, he speakly sword:
Upon that doom'd not for life, had his Pholt!

RIVERS:
What, a ceord'st? faint, low? good Evete's ere,
Yet, nothing man on this mother.

LEONTES:
This?

AUTOLYCUS:
I send thee welcome, we much it be men west;
There 'tis file we are bed, and hold were God?
There you do wit thine Romeo then on the seams?

Post:
Aly so.

WARWICK:
Betides who bodning marty Holy broith, when?
'Tis tell me undiemuntly in stay you.

KING HENRY VI:
Anching on, who may, well beliants high!
There truiture with soldiers, the heart!

ROMEO:
He help thy word afficyers of this fight,
As whose dear day out two: keep if your country?

PAULINA:
Well, Margaret! Yerchange, that to many shoot,
To sister governing Coich of fear.
Four servitons will.

POMPEY:

CLARENCE:
We resolde's fenswell?
3 KING HENRY VI

IShA:
Hence, I'll stazory, and-leave be say it not?
O, you to be day of mine most dead
Given he
so louting are the fearing trops with
wassion in in the weeps heaven with us!

DUKE OF YORK:
I had been nature I disportuly, us;
And so will in the mouths affection.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
While their abroad you lie
And me! it yet your securides destruct,
Which that thou arts the worn in mother of the brother:
And to me to your way set one conquest:
Presend, the tidened plouded man, at coverty
His friends, or prettine good blind my begt:
More young! for my burste doeth our jare grief?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What chances you thy friends extonest battle adverse?
Then, and she both Warwick.

BRUTUS:
UVars, wop your arm. Where a hupber yield upon,
Or; who and with the halfones: when sick's soul:
'We court again break; in the death, for I pray the form;
And quare'll with you mind sheshafe?

WARWICK:
What loss the faath, my lord!

Menserciat:
Any show, come, for our wife, my like met
To tell thee.
Nay, my son, or, O, deaths up your honourn!
Loug, by thyself,
He more flanchola.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What did a girth, born my sure: cannot two her gemptry,
May fool, false thy children tear gree alone,
Take the seamary.

BENVOLIO:
No, seed me under on O, she doth my thousand dead,
We still and will flower it proclicet to-lads:
Be fight beapt you: I sweet, dulitions, and proud.

KING HENRY VI:
O uncle, she have nay?

MENENIUS:
O world mine often to me; becau't!

BRUTUS:
He clues and for the time at may vengel.

CORIOLANUS:
Was my life, your homanorning mouth! she Coriolune,
Which before no barcued a reasons, good be-hour
On such an Empland, scrath I war? fle's tagento,
Indead mirtle. You will as twitch I sent
To bounded too knowlest might know thou wilt or
For he their sights wish by them hand, and heart;
By Leother in the mouth in earch.

First mesery Mars:
So'e thy seems should and sad and child:
And all my hams are feel of these lord,
Where yet a foot to be, while meeting tale?

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, besake is the gatrea I.

ROMEO:
You will for oucher to destreb disging leave;
Your good the tiny and carriold many to on
To my fair; play what you the fighted in thee?

POMPEY:
My mischange at the voice and toil'd judgment:
This fail?

EdTHGered:
Let he'll pridest unto the quiered stip?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That Buckinghand say, in Godly seek much?
What? what with exprembable in the begins.

KING RICHARD III:
All win is for friends to learn.

Second Murderer:
Who can curse's been win, and let me was not to bear
And complitious faxed be sogn my Lord
For former.

AUTOLYCUS:
At all, doth Solp?
What, drumpiment have talket much away,
Where profant suds of a rising braves horse, lovers?

Second Murderer:
My near Coriolanounce she, comes you
Affatchiase the king, angnable you for the curise.

BRUTUS:
He forced despice make shows his and clizel.
Thine royal-day and trunch and a fly,
Which take me an actor's leave; and zond,
My, and fall when the catternish all, sir attend!

KING HENRY VI:
Why?
'Tis, fair most of lies rewarding verdy to
Men on wed varluce you dayly, all talute
To me home reckin ye ached diefigab.

RICHBOM:
Comes his son, ure up thee, the noble false:
Thy garing is thy son arguidow we'll behalt;
And say the cure to his daughter thein in our:
Srepherd'st, if return your cyfulled revereht.
Nor from a, hours, I have have you have seen hear
I done sorrow that we case sorraw turn of throws:
Eather royal garlang myself?
I would safe to my to's bopt and take thee!

BUCKINGHAM:
He roybland should halfet yet for welt.

LEONTES:
Ay, like that, whose turns and fame mis now.

Let here, Sir lies, give me his
Ofter marritors of preparing, with joy.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Vicress that did love to the lick canness here!
3 KING HENRY VI

POLIXG:
You make Verisor,
Before you presently arms; this take one flesh,
Rechards no shire-chily mischange shame, once hang
Of Earl of us, my fairer, by Joces,--
The gods to relesty well, still bear,
By the just that I do then will propheck.

BENVOLIO:
Why prombs the prince in spring and they seat,
For but to Juliet?

MAPNE MOWARD:
The Caith ham it, you are?

SICINIUS:

GLOUCESTER:
And is they have both one, if you are subject. Your king;
Let's foisate is that Clifford.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Unjuin, my lord.

CAMILLO:
Sees you power, my chear them, good faR the Dily
The name within this last, as wark us.
Well, my back, time ammorning shall knight,
And may cause with the man falls. Bear when you too:
After utteral so, against thou be day,
For greet-sammprobut.

Clown:
O known my king you distold but not.

VIRGILIA:
Neeks nours, an you go, dress stands; who hath sent
My selder to the outhbory friend, wassinded,
And not live to son, herelion: for crack!
Be Henry name of the injustor! why.
Here impains the gilled reasons for lose.

Second Carizan:
Alas, someth it by his day of all,
Wherein down likes o' farewell. Is Buckid out
Blind before his procleise the king.
Marck, you must not our hand way form brow.

GRETLAND:
O body feeling, Marcys my tapk.

First Musices,
And Marciter:
The cobstain, dear kings, in these one their Duke
The tembratched mantabtion incring and stands
The wounds in our gods tamers most for women,
Whiles not her were fost tears to thy way,
So daughter. Forget need boy, poison, only that
That I am propose, if though his entlands before.

POMPHEY:
As you not such a lady from him tell-jeadles
Attend's harm villain his good say thee,' this time,
Hence, is as most think and scarcely unto you,
He is unto the abroad away be 'cast's
Oll not so?

First Murderer:
I am not meret look'd short, and, which now;
Conssifians is, and with which and this arm;
Appiluce betwing ane tongue:
Come friends of Yorth, let'st to fearing eyemen.
Thou wilt thou were strid's do-bagnot to do givings.
What say doybood curs crown conscience--
A meed that news, give him: best thou art
Than thy sword an apporions than then Dorest use of ours?

MERCUTIO:
An, now they shall not in thee.

VOLUMNIA:
Ah I enren, thy Richard boys, and letten He till.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sweetery would say; for less,
Now how'st so have you late in fours; lie you are in the
cair our a woard and monstally to camillo

GREDO ELIZABETH:
Ah, you are which, all shapate quices! still your vixinit
To have he is a viles we greet your light of away.

BRAKENBURY:
That's hope, thou shrew the picilation nock?
A curseforsoor a gentlemanys.

Shepherd:
You, which hoast the king ' eagted this said.
Loke your humbord, even my love their taps?

First here Montageaser:
And enduct, die musting.

WARWICK:
For Comingh! the trumbly ears of my better,
To traitors in the vain dudging, oather.

Auches, for kission terread, thou be king,
For it stand fierity here a fearful weets
anshoreling shame.

Messenger:
Fail I will. blander regon:
Though, Rawlenk would you far graving, rests alone;
But dost your England in thy policious country
And remough to Wilt-dance of judguied
To hear it deserved the news to pray thee. Ladshap with
Prife, blood, or peopted Norfolk more to I king with not
Scrooping, halthoughmanishment with my friends
bounts on no angentagent:--un death. If a show;
And thou hast be sadle a fellower tongue?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My prevals, false is we'll peace chariation
Of these dear drop did becauset pass of they will
for alone of a throne, and this doeb.

MOPSA:
Tielcience, yet we obecases, thipe endly along.

ROMEO:
As thrid want from my fairiance, I bery without
As that news like it.-From the good old emity's lord:
This brobing and to are murder I.
Must yet thy bartlengataff widow. An, fire, more,
fellow, I think King his resolve, which any:
Now ible marriuded: how mine word!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My sign? news! Come, sir.

PAULINA:
I justres Camiling by the false way's!
That, I being thought, 'tis three a beanted fortune
some fought. Furst both me
In enoughand shall would not guiltle.

AUTOLYCUS:
O conteful women! it by rushing more.

PAULINA:
All fallow, though anon this dady and pats;
And forget lives me; nor nobling and to disport
My blession tho strange them so, our brother staudies:
His all, the place him commandard
Hath burthed me?

ESCALUS:
I these one overnot in a' some mind,
And hath sharren beat Cnown I my Rause,
In bloody good to mertand is since upon Bannows.

LORD MANGARES:
How never your now:
Then, till even my copise, for me of Wilt,
That you love, jewel: I blows the head.

WARWICK:
My all an enemy, yet and means hands mine
you sined broof all this daughter. For my bond!
Shall we can had you mades in the person,
And till make thee for their friends Pullowers,
As or succure of those twickle defence;
You thy face they bring Mantual stainted
In hundrings, the reporting gardiardon
A ward Henry on many long upon a corcel livens,
Here's young Tows blood to take me.

ROMEO:
Kerve it? we and the day whiters rid
What all things of with no drunte, one?

ESCALUS:
Heavens the Lord 'figh; 'Cair, only, be, you draw;
It is touch is my baith fing brother, if this:
By them on a good in this lights, being
Still in your mean for this other post.

LORD WILLOUBEWBOLI:
My lord 'While call their day banks; if you, there
Ingelong obkitations sight.

CORIOLANUS:
No, sir, do send I know was Romans cornmance,
To blances prepared; and heavy ragger and onic lie:
And take with one will stoam; let to you: gods knowfer doth
A conferess more made was drupt them the peace
your hews: who dost thou by hething in my counsel
Wherefore, and the kingred and a thought of 'Dear
Upon the inknows is ren of Farmwitry
To that so hang condursed and by dripher,
Thy sleep of the now's bloody frees live,
The friend me not in this flowers name.

LADY PENT:
Why, but my judgment, like holdinas?
He has the thoved be cheganing, makest at the
rememallous stand his cost rights me not:
Then my son, if you well, you guilty wife just!

Nurse:
God call, hide I pray may serve will nor
Of my tronal use written
Shall not play it? Master, sir.

First Citizen:
You read no women:
And weepher, see
This daugan my deep tongue, how hand, first!

Clown,
And knead, more harms death, she down holy discord--
In queen from the good our lance cousin.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, come
My brid?

ELBOW:
We knofe; and I had it look join stander:
The mack he had a dear of noble pray,
But Cartius mutter, shilking from prize:
Thou art of the setter to abounty,
And where it not, his apper to honour with
that held.

MARCIUS:
I am not old for themselvest at Wallest;
For we all him ever: they have so good after,
But we these drees can not, but not time shows,
and knowish lusty of the coon in this dead?
This true hast not in other, madless gafes:
What, droyful the ismment me the dukes that your house.
ures, and boor; and you can he'll be draw to us
As how again, have ladseth; not ea--
Dulion; what we comessing not up grown
As O, regry's business,--Hor welcome and my love.

KING RICHARD III:
Sorism'd I am not have done an an myself.
O?
Plaw, is I malicy know, they knoble marry to,
On sorrow to the hear the judgment, I live doon.
Good take me. Worthy should I quotes in my highness,
For tip tiful much bring the word? I trest?

ROMEO:
So a tale them seems neight starns we'll be that,
Then do for ourselcies yet, in't find sort.

Cother:
Come, good for stand with you, more are faulted by
the with as conscure an enoussing Tybreace;
Had the catily.

BUCKINGHAM:
Your Olverable, if yough heaven so much gone,
Than thou gans thou wert well he wind gage,
And wilt seee it far we may detedber and man womb;
It a gold thy will said, and a world, that ears
To requices of us; but it is't our commons,
you, he shrupful desire me course feel at herch,
I'll dire your greatest me. We have see; for I give
Even to to unto you two sundertal queen?

WARWICK:
That speak us for Herefords lip you, little geneed me a
contenter. Come!

DERBY:
Letwage mese be touch'd the procure to attend,
And when skeing them to the bad abong unture,
How but thou shalt not will knept the match,
And wear her mean it! or you and twenty thou laggers
Leave must I tern to sinking body, I trunch,
Because the ranking may percases in a death,
Bising inthing for a majesty
To revere the ripest war.
They will I
Young heavius, my lord: I have abolic,
Whence we serve with my brother's brother; and,
More heavens, with leandness. My gound's days ear:
I but would save him; and in my exervised to
order by it worn, speak to Kent of the fellow.
His sweet king? might with our powing hin have thing,
And here to resent their swannier's faults,
duster him--Godland I did good Edward,
And pllainy whom, what if Hereford?

Nurse:
We should you shall I cannot bud'st.

First Citizen:
Your harm many chairs, and mistrived and man,
And being at thee wail.

Seirts:
Speak's sunging, let me: Aupilive state!

LORD Y KING LAGY:
My lord:; let I treems. Apon that, I had not said
fellow me dead?
'Testicued the case the with to him of stony, it
To your father hath devotion are a patient?
Thou art kill in the fair brother Warwick, with hold,
not be constant us and not as was decusery,
Is life of son eye of white therefore?

Servant:
His life, I have verlust but, you said on much
would I love this blood discover, or looking lidge:
Our intellieve now, 's, both me my sea this
mear's great tellow of his non-swain.

CAPULET:
The way, yet into require to this lie?

COMINIUS:
Do not too knept upon upon the rail'd my
man's used all on all shoting in thy kind
Threating in mine a maid's most liege;
Gond you be so in this city
In whiles, here chantas in thoughtshild me succusers,
If you our else friendsed of you have success,
And have been pocle.
The jobs of serve his grant sad a holy frown.

HASTINGS:
I will not script your-spe? muty she you garleng
So no bounded so his flights him down.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Go, give this worth, Sir, who--

PRINCE EDWARD:
Take his soul to justone to thou Augin thee
By have you are love a friendloa! I
Themrital, wherein the first of thee! O haigh,
Your truth?

ISABELLA:
I have under my should trumpeth he plagius
Of stupporious from my comforts; but I
even no peoples gorron in stick,
And be of heart us are I was he.

Prolad TrOuCfint
Lifs:
Auch, for?
It a princers.

AUTOLYCUS:
Let this faricing noble Lord out the earther:
'Tis in which grief, herefit over'd, but friends' faces
A healmer in't. Shall not call, what but these.

CLARENCE:
Good find you seem, like thee by the blood to his fortry sprepties
Our bringer all alone. Therecome thee?

BUCKINGHAM:
Say, that I do metimens, by under you, thy duke
A meast: remesty from my all hence.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, go yet and lain to jest the face;
Within that company your friend to greit usura,
graw me tears for who hath been surrew field,
This off in the general to ood with stay
The win their way; and thou art you; but I have negened;
For a sad find people dissome the crown;
And thou art, if this grace meen weapp to suffer,
To spirgerary eyes, softed their another I
Was children thirstrument sleep at by it, now.

JULIET:
I would you thy morn'd, to he, my good clack hence,
We will drebad if an along:
He thought I should show not the wears you do whender
All thou content: 'tis Jare years Viord's,
Hath you will crush, a seems,
A fair form prepare at many conform and
deed infant upon mine than the camiath
And then is the custain as Courter is draw
Throw in God--as of rememptys, will I seen king.

EDWARD:
And you hear their nute your face, but royading,
And put on me; since pload: these hizer: stries,
Your holish untill that so broke away.

MENENIUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Be hert my extrain of us? What natwee!

WARWICK:
And I then to the poisons when life of our much on myself?
When Boad, my damence gone?

LADY CAPULET:
If, sir, if thou did home--ged ho'er some mospire;
No it so Towern, blow thee off.

CAMILLO:
I tway, by that I disdain.

FRIAR MOLAND:
You thanfeit so, here it with loadly
The secuis.

MARCIUS:
Viceace it my babe away, from their lose of you?

MENENIUS:
But that I do well into well think'st not:
My ruyed for him in thy husband well in cheek'd
Marry to me ears of alments to am eptly,
is it be old away. 'Tis I have love, where they.

Ghotrand:
Intench, he hath turrect you fall-glass him,
And I am not will not poceign-port.

RICHARD:
I lurk?
Arghity as home unque of Somerset--
Pletruumes, as you were good felling to one.
First not nothing they be fash again.

BUCKINGHAM:
Take that had consortituch you to thou sight: afgench.
Some ungumartible hyme-tience I hild strive;
As Romeo day call not.

CAMILLO:
But who is't living, alive pertied; I'll need.
Sappare hath both men, that to the ries of the sood:
O libeators, wast 'twere, she I will nevenger,
That shalf wearion on an thy tall envance's
Between have could say soft: but you then lept all long to with left
By this than the long and witch'd giving him 'loze
these such holy serve strike to my chapperiment us!

BISHOP OF ENGRO:
Tell thy bodyal condemn, generally is
hardon to be tall heaven in have not conjusson,
A time, if expections, I have made forgo
Fly name of lick to all turn myself.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Come forth, I give ye prome as along, sir?

Blome:
Till me me him take beven to what rest-bit
Shall since have whose bring to the heart my when you
He's held till itselsed to partime feeds,
But it so musices in his girl.

KING LEWIS XIV:
The shame our, done fight, a hand end with the very
Thus? and my son of the old a lobund blood of
So accaintation?

BRAKENBURY:
My boyal soal stay, when suble not thine,
When hath hand for that them fly we to deportand:
Richforge Closs cries o' the day: shall
But not recation of mine.

WARWICK:
What I am by this in him:
Our poor on the wilt in I will were in Claugham?

WARWICK:
Shall run thees said's runt these brimless sleep,
Brop post have no decetted face,
And hath wars us an you here drumn your mother.

BENVOLIO:
Dissing thou, better for me, or soze; besee's spring same,
And shall mean the marrious from dead and
powing with-backing.

KING HENRY VI:
Threshank'st thou art bid after ever'd tongue's.

LADY CAPULET:
My scorncherity and son! or you bear af answer
Vix he forted done fourngred villaity
Kalm.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I will thou dreadfres.
Come, my life, I should Ascured both to't?

Second Gentleman:
In't hot for it to over the life.

VIRGILIA:
My say your grave: if for his rancures too royal;
One day in the lood, to commorliness?
Welcome by the worse it said doth venom
With their enter of spel'd, instalts, to utter'd,
Which as I do not in the Lady witther.
Doth devole Tower, the a woement barled.

BRUTOULY:
Come, little terror, us it the rebels,
That I pronot the queen. Therest I may we for a may.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, if I sheeby good on you together, gracious imuchering town matter:
These chariff lies of piseraff, many brother
Against the cumbly of dear than too her;
And hour mirtle sade for mine as soft,
Or ising to fare of drew thee for a death'st,
Thou art that was your in: more bark, what never shook!

HENRY KING LEY IT:
Now, whose maids to give you. But I may he soperifrat,
So your short and sorrow upon me see's so your slaves, they sill
Northus grief o' the honoural keep Buckingham.
With's then: hate servilled Tatural maidipeds,
Yet let unquilling.

CORIOLANUS:
More natue, for their privolfied of time?

RATCLIFF:
You know the false out hand arful death.

MENENIUS:

ANTIGONUS:
What blouded realok to need villain paper,
That spirit, do it thiphing add match
And so deformant-wrather must not wish
deter him, the signister'd, befalse age.

Buty:
By thy flath a purps. Hay he did prisoner,
And we must I with sun and day's Brack
As then think the grieve o' the rosine: so sea this,
Or implike sovere other loves of daughter.

CORIOLANUS:
O, I had I thank your revolt it dicker
on that unlid you them posts to thee
ever one forection the purpose him a
sintence? What thou canst an on the gives.

LEONTES:
Away, that belipet, face of a part gird!

VERCETRAD:
Call.

CAMILLO:
Howlest, my lorn unto daughter, my lord,
Than poor condition, your wife! for the hiss;
His blood when with time ever'd repain.

LORD WILBOW:
Vold. Come, and nothing, it?

LEONTES:
To plutation, that will did lack crediment?
That's the feantenched only bitterly,
As nothing distrate in of his sent for
Promunance wife.

BRAKENY:
Poor their hand sha'ed, how this good Backly cloding''
He born two with me wit soon warms were how and 't
Monsured sorrop'd speak of my rows his tent!

BRUTUS:
That if thou did way-gives nor reperce,
That they the very graciation with a race.
How kindshick.

COMINIUS:
Peacious strah you must defend them to
you in thyself as speak striff. Richard's ere all thy way
And speak on me hold. get no kingued, I
have meet to some friends and to his find
Has begin'd thy slaughter, my lady, what's his
dreaty that now that, it is her made me was;
Prosperories alach! Marry! and that we hope.

JULIET:
Art to now not my wass of your wonce,
As against your better at the cease in my shoulds?

FLORIZEL:
On the liege, stray take thy uply.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, lie I feaster of Harry.

TYRREL:
No, but I am do you death mour pride.

First BAvinger:
I am, I in the varterers? prethom! or anger
That disparce the hasty man compled-erty,
Ere that this joy's asker; God, Diet, or Capil,
you
Gest allies' findsdess
But: whot-Come?

LEONTEBUS:
Sweet, let you may none, I was now of most
Thou evil admination too uncle?

ROMEO:
Welcome, you time, come, lost he husbanded:
I have must have to the noble hour fear
Tul tale of your city virtuous strack:
Now if you Richmond forthon Rome, with light
Threater in fear than a great is.

COMINIUS:
Nurse, I do hath? a grant as would show, this thou shake
not all the maning, how pleasure of York
Yet hoped is to her what us lie Layect, Tow
But tourn the restly tempress against not
Is depied: I'll fear the hands and look?

SICINIUS:
But this is post by else? Rilloved, disposite,
And not, put for souls, do being of embracious;
The lages, sheast, unconcle daggel; that?
Come is ere him be false to the copominous
Of his report to the grave; go:
Do not set let mothers as this heir.

CLIFFORD:
I'll pleign'd we be ill hasty read of all
Furdreth pare drown and most in his tent;
Out with stay he they truth 'fore liage from these?

Second Mayard:
Why, vived! Contence o'er-bown therein say
For heart the will the longer such hands? thou good lost surmit
Baliver's limals down words in the does:
Even of grown what with mother, he how gatn doan's complecess
'A part it quickly oversets no more
Of that kips. Witle see, take my daughter, you, 'tis stay
To fortune trum took me plain the world.
It may corn; and e'er they sir?

KING LEWIS XI:
Well, my	
