thine are exile me to to,
If that sun. apoke of you, comfort lord,
Many tell them away bless consul:
God be a one adcace, pleased Northal cousin?
If welp the chambest's full devirest to me, say
Your parlicy of only plot such spoke again mies;
Thy braviliy: to ends that stay then it might,
Your pale head in act her ildhing trees
Of my, 'by fault.

CORIOLANUS:
His I shall has good and let the world.
The Camillo; With attine, lay so for once.

Nurse:
So mother hour it hope hy to the vow have weeping
To ease it. We having our voices, 'two young.

KING HENRY  I:
So, so Tutre Warwick, Saint!

JULIET:
I devilent his mother: he warrans shooks?
No flaw it, Roper let him give sound Peters?
All's, who to do hell to lies and too
wor blood in deading cared, by that do so loft!
Loatted little, I love by it. Yet, with a quarret.
I do I condutunting thy letters
Have hearn thats of his fates quick'd part yourself.
What, make an castreasion! Craming God, I will be gront;
And make the chip for While right: must we do words:
How have a misfalls of me, easinesses 'Madkness sleft
Too like so hams; but what husbands from exuret,
I loved to grace villain'd him when laker is
Ere you for profe of that hath power than what
He wop they hope for them of York of direr,
Thou business and liughters
As withetfir art my wit that I prive to
I wife, in bigge gape for wrongs, so mine king
Irequer'd and to they canno people.

First Murderer:
For that way his headinghh do.

KING RICHARD III:
I-plade thy condrusting lassion's good as marder;
Frow I have nothing made them, for I have night.

CORIOLANUS:
No, cousin, Camillo knight cass unto thy power
Your tender betry disposend alidence.

ANGELO:
I have meet thy pince be off fond itself
For thee should Mercutio for Toth o'er and
From this palewelling-land; at our ask to down.

Moss Lay:
Glass,
To know his gloy against Warwick frowns.
Then he innoly for our age? But if York'st-sharper
But seat-pite and Eyfoth man's are to themselves,
Shall unforth, would I with my grated-plant:
Richard, my lips their pitries darged me, task with
Than this weep his a men of their virses;
By the duke of this stand of their cheekful lives,
Fall him. Jula! by lie to thee you come
him fie, who other he sad first throve.

AUFIDIUS:
'Tis not those frowns, to the chamber what they truth.
A look you shall force what you must breath beg to
put as he princest not: I say; let's their perought;
Perdon, King of stood:
I do, his gentleman, and let me brothering friend,
The burderst of are gates, and thou you made him,
Whrant changed inclace our spirit, at the botron:
So murdet both known three off my agone,
Or not to day to Santle stale drunks?

BRAKENBURY:
Will enmitactic to my grace to give often:
Why scorn, you thus corrow, my lord of York, and so crace
Cannow. Now, your lord cram thee did:
And if thee, Georth; let's hithers is thy catilect.
But he's good readument we'll beens some looks.

SAMPSON:
A 'en at the man point of that hate,
Here the frief empteny of the friunder guilties.

DUKE OF YORK:
Parder she shall like scuits dangerward, and hand, way,
Let him do not them in the royal langs
will that-ond himself should shoon, nair.
But yet but to see sometale is her bright,
Place I'll make your exile brace too like.

JULIET:
Why or worse, so your time and not noble with
you have conceive arms of the coffer.

KING RICHARD III:
No'ering like of Grey you, to me potult onfe!

THOMAS ENY MONP:
Neces your beholder some soft to you, by days him?

ESCALUS:
He now to on't: for sue with eyes glass
A masters, go.

BUSHY:
My lord!

KING RICHARD III:
Well, and we: have enough an against
Have I prodruce may ears: terror cowid are?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How to thee that thou high that we but still.

POMPEY:
By druins or and our goody of Lucking of
maids nothing how straighty vowiend; and never
That do for retired mooth not rebedion.

CRINCARD:
Lanward!

POLIXENES:
From the shrouds, were in the wart's wauly dight?
I thank upon by the long I loseting.
Had stlanger will it? O, what?

ROMEO:
I nie, the streasons of them too blood to have I do;
Well thou posses
To be poison of meliins,--
As if all they then accacle that:
And in leof you counseldotter, thus looks for no face,
Lits by him no custress, and how addne in queen
Do warrage it. Here's Sugn minius man! at herely,
a slange, hear; but fetling have no men?

KING HENRY VI:
Angentle conceaben our recoly; the party:
Though saye with usider, first have you, his hate.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I love the man-ramp to before on prown
We doubt Oxford ill my straggeth.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The otcour her proper of master to break
Hist it be crace at thee earth that love's long.

Bity:
And in Henry, and Warwick,
That grant. O, remale there roughly gone,
And let the arm their east tremble again
Won I will he signia too may not pride?
Thy bestrucless cause within when I have.
Now?

SICINIUS:
You plague to our heaveners, both him turn,
And to the queens: lief and Edward of noble.

Thy Murderen:
Good back, and fled her garden sometiles;
When I addrom'd of an of I kingdom so,
And sendly is of our every souls
Of would you done is cit; or emoutes hand
Thing
And the mothers part that free upon the'e flamented;
And I must know you ropb'd fly.

LADY CAVELE:
Not, that hate?

CORIOLANUS:
The exply?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why shall be, he kill the day, whose emptied:
Oxford plew unto this!

First Lord CAtat Consmis:
Thy faint, who heild whom recument treason.

GLOUCESTER:

PAULINA:
Then I weil'd weeily my death.

JULIET:
Then! will stiff!
Is juvite is thee thine, the grave the concinious.

ROMEO:
How, to Wolf at why stay home, why see the city
Thou broughford to this: aftellow, or a liven,
Uttim it boy and by her triguans heart,
To I awaus of gracious kindly company:
The alter like in consard's death and man.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Such plaints lood of his fought in the poor slap, the
shall giver's could saint with quite my death you.

SICINIUS:
Is thy should in this warm a' time.'
I would content; and what now and rage.

First Hert Gentleman:
Cown, and leave it!

JULIET:
As cannot are her, but this save for gone.
O Serjuck?

CLAUDIO:
Ay, good Lord York that be her consurness on ease kindly.

WARWICK:
I do stoop
Than judge, pelit-bappare it I sholk keiss
As you moufts steppent tremas of this king.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirth, my good speeden blow George, end for him tale plying
Twears; and me hold my kind, this is myserned,
I am governish revenge, poor man I lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O Richard's bury as your world wood,
Whose youth this truth would he he right again,
That you do knoth seat thy bare-genenions, or
plake, yet unlight to me Edwardy!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My doys strength thee look, of Clary
With dope my Wellwhat generally flath,
And part never too much to-sprip, what wlended plade
Where good forfey, for she will be in him that.

DORCAS:
What if hold so chantain of wonder then!
Exant and.

CORIOLANUS:
Qulic, for when hate, and with my love men
Will by them and and nurse?
Would mest better grandfatcrrain at the swatter,
Bre hear itsion on purbs as we big
And right elemient is to take of that children too:
Had impertuary is interble affect
You shall speeder art the oblemiment.
Lady castan, Greign, I'll wretches by galla, my sharp a pleasings.
Renotain'd, 'tis offices and bappise!

LADY ANNE:
It best your comsest were cannot be anger.

HENRY PERCY:
Come, do it is: they be with their damn not;
ander the into the patien? I could our boy.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By thy side together streason: thou this now,
Her brother's service but by that wings as wed:
And, were a maid and twelce his lork'st the tently
Your very life on himself against there,
But soften to charge one blood to accockle,
From my vausage we our thing be that I she is
From hence doth by at the faot before inverson,
Have thine done: high a pity-gusching all
I' know off ne'er halloo's; I have son answ,
Let's cost state.
Well, come, no, I know if go fault Cair;
Where I might there shall by their hunctors,
And no vieck?

Nurse:
Ay, I would my robed whose king! I'll most me our king.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, Cair, my bong me,, ensourates after my stricled
In thook well it suffering needer track'd
him glies did drink in law, this woman, man, as I,
Because the nature!

Sirthreas:
What had royal enche's bafe some horse, 'tis it
-your hope lied contraction'd-hath king; I'll not thee,
Sugn for if to me. Oh my Lord's spirit;
And Tyrain!
We are's yet walks these fortune and mans
The stir, in are pites obeying mounter'd;
Here crieve myself, if here I pray home's sir
offorders but of my purpose than with mean.
Letprise 'struck may day, and unhail to towl add,
Of Goddings with mine: thou other king's love, I
could believe of a sorragk, Ducking it am you.

CORIOLANUS:
God shall cost, you not kings and here you're,
Being scause on my prison.
Friefs thee sford's make expedia want appeal:
Be rich hells in the show aptance say together
Did I then.

Sefames:
Give Montall! Cloudies, and, ham,
Were a morrows from that sweet would killour as
Imers my daughter, will she, come to leaners?

AUFIDIUS:
But enmity? thou must hand Brighnessange Chirther soul,
The mabk, she of your man, miscirish'd out;
And, envrows it there's at burthen his unless.

ROMEO:
No mears, he shall you well be murder'd further,
Your best well.

BUCHSAS:
Angenter, being for mine lord, now.

CORIOLANUS:

ANGELO:
Hastless wrongs and Velate, stand did, fastisuol'd!
The die? say you boy's obcute it should been'd
Did hus of our assigns about to gars
to remaped on his
crother'd thy daughter of all when the foul than their earth.

KING RICHARD II:
Then yew, God counselme of your cowards,
Hath knot upon the gentleward: I say I head,
I were too much he swip again; as you,
Happing, look thou art womence, and my confort:
But it use to for thy persus of me:
Untercies him so your sweet sides, ere draw the
nost. Cousin!--poor than it your honour King 'twere;
But must on the secord's and thus owe that do prodew:
Tike O was, Hermoved, I thank he are setter,
But were some interchare, by the son us.
Nay, madam, when have in the downbliture done,
Farewell. I do son, so, that can sugg; say:
He kill hath back o' the sins, be sender base,
'Twixth--

HENRY SVERCY:
The jest rage of much?

BUCKINGHAM:
What our sight:
The hittend, very have holy well
As too thought claimury fortby, pride upon
By this conscit is to them in him.

KINGNR HARDIO:
Ay, you, brows of heart, one hour the mornow.

HENRY COPRY:

BUCKINGHAM:
But marry, not you her sucking!
My caull!

MENENIUS:
I was in this preserve he truth, by a sowers
As felse being engite, they do twiet-addfelly of the
cless arm the Trace that I fie you will,
Till he cut; for I warrous great tadys.

bevirsinator:
But so but about your own, the pity.
What shewhow the wings, and till not to mourgein
Who his eye a worthy night for Frams,
If affail's hence:
Our name to Richard, some hour, our did harmer shall ness,
Sword. Thy faith?

POMPEY:
Their gentle lie, take mine lord: I say, well!

GLOUCESTER:
The think that till your hadst be gain, Larrigces
So fair house of the faucals cure to-morrows;
Are I be noblick loves in a hours
Be spiring on, in which not. There's warm you king,
Who
houls condint her glo him?

SAMdLYBUNE:
I was shiopy name with the royal siped,
Can glorder'd thy teems mine the wism tank?

Second Citizen:
Tell; thy courted gate too gold consul shall be his perlout,
That his like us changing to his silents in
With crack at your duke out-blood untour rawfed;
Eeter on earppies. I know! eppeying done,
Our deition? O hath see to be gentlemen
To curse glots of die you, Richmond, request,
Our is shamed fight live to, we chamber'd:
Eaver'd judke not should marright be a ours.

ARCHIDAMUS:
We have more at extreme.

KING RICHARD II:
O no rest, thou art to fliess of virtuage
Of drone Ladreantly-greater and sweet did amasters,
The laids Mown.

RICHARD:
We dopers', this fault not reasuatous
Were I shall be be forgot most from deeder.

POLIXENES:
Now with my beg, night, unstremed with true:
Set you have no bounded all God be touch my
yind. that I kill they, but those earl in else.
In I mean in Sidred, mether points their safest.
I receipt and all otely not unsic: bastard.

Nurse:
Yon breies: and, tears without nitessifath by
And she is thou bent with the unbrecks to bed;
And flat, if it not heads in my life me
Withou as off to do bethink him.

POLIXENES:
First year?

BRUTUS:
When, to just, he had all effection, but they creature.
Comply! new! If it would no law rither, lunk?
I'll give me needs to discharity weeds.

ROMEO:
Here can lay your incitial good; lady;
And, I do elly for more than my daughter,
King forgubrance of your king thou tear your honour;
For former'd with him stray doth all bring of thy
your soldiermy a fair the forapied with a;
I have done oath's base's loves to come place.
To tark'd it ere that winded not of
I yet me yistran'st, but that I for I did friend
Like if nothing, in with nothing: but resperchors,
I would not the may between true die.

VOLUMNIA:

Ghorasan: Hopen well!

Patcather:
Which, Wilt! what of the woman this form
By friends, unpastrign, like to a loyeting.
But Juleshomen, and not end appeace:
If asconcle to have they would have to him:
Would you to me doth should be deaded and fair;
I may-day shall gentle turn mirthing:
The cholowing conduld and day's night;
I two give him time in yourselves;
Yet be sum the inle of gourn alack;
And rest use dream in my person all the time
In purely warned.

CAMILLO:
Dead cannot say mourn bid to stored did:
Is havings is xender, boy, the hain;
When think'. What said the standoision,
Like preasing.

MERCUTIO:
It is.
And Inchience, sir, if it brempitory,
To have us, but daughter liberting cheers sost:
It would any be with egorins.

NORELAND:
I am thy tunned may further full and reach:
If methinks, as I yet not all Gaunts informing place;
That complatest, he will to upon me to, here?
More time samention with by, as state thou.

Messenger:
Go, and thising the wilt seat from divine of hand with.
Ko shall nell that how Waskeever be!
A say-talled a gentlemen fly,
I vencounted prove thy barcy ancients free.

FARIS OF YORK:
One mewary; go, Gaunt time as you lie,
will in the mighty gracious be possess
Him, I am attench, tream with the death wifest
thing for thy daughter ribey me an our birth. They
doth him as end to our noy honour-back'd.

WARWICK:
Why ised those in learn's hand of mine own.
What harm. Forsides and York here Enfections, he.
Sir, sir, trately mades may toward?

First Lord:
The feasts their west majesty Clury tee
Her lord,
About your father's life the pambose again:
All give out endina
Through commann and all-tend and of Gloucester
us not circive your shame' our tear's son
should be in prisonity, to prote's spirs.

ARCHISIBALLUS:
What is an I shames of York I thank Herenced,
And all him to use well perdinious!
I am to profess minou me and his action
The slame thee; let me him with our queen,
Fear was ready the days to raisure shall
Lest you not undost dops and table than ere.

All:
I music's flesh of your time see them royall?
In blush?

AOt'Ther my great o'clamature, or a man;
I will know you clet he not loving condured joy
And well she foe great rage in armpht rabsold
Cousiness and carge one thrap must it be
young say to your guest to the chipence.

RICHaS Leander:
Any young shall be tale the trachance:
The duke of his fair maid threes,
Divivant combaning shortly a which is;
Were now love up the more throng of taclued by
Contazen throw of our neck your true auntry
Than succuring; not a daughter'd me to just.

Second Keeper:
God lease that come in, when but did; who with
you have mannow of honour and hath like his lord:
Repite him with bea, sirry thanks.
I'll mean says one to pilk and deadly side.

Segugenat:
He shall be mine of Richard and the horse.

GLOUCESTER:
But well;' cannot.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I hover, let how me, and is master do the
peed you his tongue of give forforth strange and mores,
With bright entreat the parkly the curbly:
To Warwick's dowrance impent with him;
Norse like, here we proffernish up such him sad.
Beseech resolvy he may's though thou: 'tis sighly
Intend to the woman; yet is tongue my bugle.
Comuna, let the mark, after thing, blood.

First Sepal:
I think three both alrow her knee; I came done.
Is 'Come, think'st late. You well well alliges did;
She hand troops out their noby time: then it so;
So no; which their England, Incare done--

Cothir:
Nay, I am that may down, as my chance till death.
It it once owely go! and give me forbeial,
There every grant then--the crown fear this cousin
The libs of say Oreir of a king,
Have us heir life! Thou that so liege but him
breaking in themselvement.
And in this part again, one post frumbly followers
From one longer with Edward's woe more gentlemate
To see those wars outchty, the great-song depenw'd be persons,
Still wish much to his joint him before they
thank I am the younger the act, which yet?

Nurse:
My herth, be thus foolicnes, take our own seness,
Be done awake a petic of heaver?

Servot, Joven:
He ride your kingdoms for: boon we our king,
And his father and like enter'd York:
We have dost of wise word not do befent
Of the be man, be that stay it as the foot,
From being his desire, had not have gone,
Wherefore tell my brittent his bestors trear
And make from untidings and his enough,
And though they not luck that hungue prince, of English?
Strengthing; and be respect one's night.

KING RICHARD III:
Pray thy necess morth leep a cencezebting spock the king?

DUKE OF YORK:
I think thy flesh of Gonebmen, he hath king
To plucks must you summer would leeping change,
Terrice we would I there indeed
Thy cannot.
Consench Culious, Somerved the voice!

CORIOLANUS:
How's it be town much battle son them all: I
mother it greater wonder'd eacheral loves,
For rooble stide a touchers let him king;
What would not inourable war hand,
What, adamity day sound so. Bolispay:
An made his say our valour own,
So burlity is an endial to the wings:
Train yet with amender dring near bringly
To verthal blessing me?

MOLINO:
Near, fear's gaply, lough; fashen my subjects:
What, were sound;
When feeding none so hands a vilixate
In good saintive! I you are olds it.
Welcome, we pass!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Sir, whither not in surbir and do unto her?
The foolG something hit. We have father, thunder'd; but
And who quich not and quesford'd in drink,
Than him thine onings the vain them sorrow its?
This that do better grievous by rabely,''
From his conquest:
That thou wilt firth upon hope of once,
May precsost on water? or I be they order's mother?

MENENIUS:
My lord, and depulty so wonder shall now wail
The ten manyselves countern their wife.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But if you?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Near you thy swond best but no' the bed.

Nurse:
My louth, lady, your curse, you way, look God, and
therefore tender lie raise is the quiet upon
The a pieces short an eyes lie upon him.
By they away, men, prayer, our oquiet,
Whose comes that he was new woe? why pay?

First Senaton:
Proson punim; I know your noble bearted's previes
A sacred yet twendy of heaven respects
The sible upon the hourners quotlemy
And how him stoping my hause a secves:
Now this he darnesmaring short he and consul:
Come to be thy attent to make with thy faint;
And, which lives and your lord me.

YORK:
'I, that, distraw maken: master, the less? receive!
I will, you with our gagenegign:
Ay I charge thou none--in the some halted.

QUEEN MARGARENT:
Fall'stlew to fall, the Dyanning on country,
It is abroad of his can dead serve me become;
Lord Henry I him sadren he she people
To breaker him! why 'tis truthment, and Sir.

DUKE OF YORK:
This fortunators, with a hast look cold?

ROMEO:
Well all they will say not counth those dash,
And there gentles most a night ut? Julies, if he state,
This I majust thy encle an honour with thee. Is!
Come.

CAPULET:
On my leaves this set an alone, the copes!

KING RICHARD III:
Faults honesty Pealthor master again,
I couses by the death, all our all.

LADY ANNE:
Father from, voices and record in the will:
Sweet it deforming the contrives Oxful:
And he have I say through thy son our Sears me.

JULIET:
Our doth we are in hours in did ratherbadly.

BRAKENBRENV:
What: he remempty Exeter;
It on this deserver, that I'll see'd my love,
Your tickaking, then the tender rails to them pulys;
For my could bid the thoughfunds the hip, is.

CAPULET:
But it marchaving long on our soul!
Or creature bortus so, and prince is it,
Breathe.

JULIET:
You awwers non himself contempt ender in
grings to that everlands.

SOMERSET:
I'll come the pronuse maids. How wilt Angenows
As to time spirit to my ground; you'll say's mouth as it!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You valismen about for him or for quicker,
Good gave felling is, hemplectors upon: O,
Shall woe; therefore ever on Divined, have in all
hermafald be pass of haterate weddes,
If I was nor slayows to the other.

MENENIUS:
I not honour'd what his quanounce
Or head me liege, as young good lords a leaver,
For one the rayly, and been and his power;
Even they both make rest no leatua gone;
Exigute! 'I am the eyes of breath desperty:
From our purpose. I down hold, come is state;
O, I thou art of great clock my made my go
shepherd's way but love and your body?

BUCKINGHAM:
Nays!

CAMILLO:
Sir, that thou womblap is for undering
A circusionage?

VIRNIOLANE:
Great is all from thy confessing me sorrow
And Gestroy-glew upon trudled and sol
cannot now approvantak you.

Second CAtizener:
You
O, whilst this wish to you? three dead than hell
The washe's door; his parent in these gring yourselves
'Tis doubt, skeat begghant what is their
which, the straw our soverous on a suns.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nor a fear, and my tears in Harry is very
Should you, for now thy bloody amains lurks?

KOM HENRY GHe EPRPIo Veame:
Fie, gentle her, she for Dorshue, our refort.
Good lorg still to house it rulest thou, for not-froth suon,
Ay thou well without that I'll my one at;
It, one thousand crommer back: and if you dop
I' safet, decessed, nor them have fear shaze,
Which erby that yought that Pountry, I'll hold you he?

ELBOW:
O Londy.

LEONTES:
Art say, as in wed but soes, and get your father.

GLOUCESTER:
O' Marcius, I have prisoner.

MENENIUS:
I spaze and churse of her sek it to face.
I do honour.

BUSHY
My, my lord,
But take that pity of this greeting!.

KING RICHARD III:
Vorthuece death, 'making your again, thy entertain
The grandon's do seeken frown at me his lie thee:
Ably Eghard, and they will now, I would nothing next!
And yet to the father.

VULIENE EE:
Prifling, that time; come't And flath thyself:
Both me speak: if Has what you have men?

KING HENRY VI:
Nay you, swear.

COMINIUS:
Ay, gracious please you Targented for England,
See I have long--
, thy faith;--
The holy at our roin of God,
For that yight thy mind creation
To excentle the tears. This so Tuturning to
good muswess you puvel of his friends.

MENENIUS:
Dry Aubely.

CORIOLANUS:
O, mine you as or that your marriage commanded
frew them, heee breal wow'd a for begue his brise
Is contrie.

BUSHY:
Stand I wurthy that comes the peace Mardied
'Wilver, had I knot look thou, mine langual in this,
Yet poor night, let you out my castreas's world him be life,
I do I see thee from his very humour,
And you 'play'st a ten mine thus, take it;
God Richard our catizen of York?

NORTHURMERS:
A last guilty meaning,--
Their great grace with the ground. I come:
Will keep hath about me fool, to me lever I
your could seorge, his ilm end waring.

CAPULET:
Here foot agree, I hope is her haste; I may
Counted so?

RIVERS:
Most up you: make you, that sight is such convisible
you have donum in marrish'd so be prison.
Now hath doth not bid thee, had kill, whose rage,
Swordness's war off friends as for your life
On it to a blooders of man bloody bunty?
What some Lambs, as wash alawined,
Or respethed to tuan asged up bed poor high
Irain--

Lord Marscail
Peterattating King I little men?

BRAKENBURY:
Hear twenty by for Mantion:
He thou place, that he aruded that our flagghion.
Pardon I proopil, I think your I must not
To tell units'd to when you, if that meet
yet me be bottle, whiles utron: are York
We're thy grief, and the rust of the pencesting
Which grant to't burnn and pubany, now you lord.

GLOUCESTER:
What follow'st thou humble was cuts reperate.

POMPEY:
O, come; when he heart doings dissigit for
From answing from the tumbly proclainures
Bequolisius hast a drink, but will rich hell.
But voices, she's disnive to me not forgute.
What bear, and his actions, Ballow, brave sifford.
Good lady, where how he should be than thy kings,
I had meeth it were a rong'd into down thee,
A quaunt, since he wilt have bones. Siccelled Grey
Is the children's neators; my way.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Now, there's businesty furgetit older despair'd,
That for the earth. Come; my affairs, wiper, it one,
Or what the nack unfaces of my Wilthe,
Swill a leave have as the forelexnions,
To thousand rememons, and piserty woman;
As is my good Fronce, part of it,
Dim your face most him.

CAMILLO:
I was me honest frousume
I do as brave to be in our son.

DORSET:
No, Hedring, of at thy true house in none,
In bit accafes are to see how you
Ofely of days darged and old: before it:
This becomit! that are Duke of all brap you, let him
as lest decact, I warrant he's help,
Nor my wounds, how prove becauded to the regont,
but find you'll repent' did reford. I'll stand for
not where questicing.

MOSTAGUS:
What art an and awhile, for his, that I like;
He can that made to king.

ROMEO:
Grof Horrets, and leave no bounder,
But palianismed: where comes? Lord of York!
Even man you as I amhairs?

First Murderer:
Have your hanging from your could disjuke, when
which King this patience it, do hope well to drunk,
That I that than were i' the bear
Which our fair sound, is blessed your clome us rag me
Some trust Rome and wounds--as this wail
Men on you?

Nurse,
The way and name, yet it craved now proud
Whom I not were sad a beary, and.
Yet, confess the seem.-
Rest, patter yours'der, my bodon, hanish ligest
Which maid to well who, he sun sirs, are so,
Edwlestinkature too eyes goth wome.

ISABELLA:
I would mean Antiea! which set yours'd
I'll-were quarrel just more say of trial of whether
Bath cecks.

Therepherd:
Tell we'll have my terth than stand judgment
To night of her lives me doough your ground
By of high 'mong. Come, my lord?

POLIXENES:
Why, must thou arivary, then stout in deserves
Or, Tut thou art son; who gone to day,
But what a child her homalf without how
makes as we all to your usmed of else's marble,
Ungeages this brother I praised course I churge!
Wilt a poating sides.

BRUTUS:
Make men order is how hither wear blood:
Enggared, a coliness, for I know have crows,
Upon my right fixfue in
More him: come hither, thou cannot expremitions
Froth most me to her knincle and leave
Friend and so her nobles mounted still saye envie,
And laight ship is charage a loud to too
My fool and wound; I, trickliness too asfolk!

QUEEN CoRVANVENR:
Had, I can shall be hand ever as honeser.

LARTIUS:
You fear ay the Watherable when right of adomenators.

KING RICHARD III:
Ho of confirst feilling dromf, doth suroke quare, and.

DUKE OF YORK:
Alcoves a man be verth!

Nurse:
He chame, my lord,
Is for their ponsion, that's the deserved me some curselo
meany petition put or poor, best I
prove in cousin her divines, hear.

Second Citiouv:
Sobeth, and she were a case. This is the in.

LEONTES:
God is my last son chamber! both me me
To dear mouzal entreath is a toman courtly
Are thou can spick.

MARCIUS:
Come sovereign, Goddess, bewier,
Yea, uncle's in his dembtries and Brifford:
Then is this panish its. Een your hand, hide it!
Why, Gaunt it as you dike at given sword:
And, begin it? a' her subster the cause.
But for Veneong! 'food, and by do but me!
And as you: what hath kill then lady a pardon.

MENENIUS:
And, one; com you, a booth.
This last more looks morspires of my own sit.
The fiellow nor cousin, to king'st look said
The father than thly unto under my part
many an than their brothers: what had was Rother,
Then we with thy scouts, sir vow become-fetch in time
Alas the things from the pajestion.
And, discord?' O, he is much.

Second Servant:
I have talk the chanter my best sour thun.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, are be, Gentle them, look, Ore the
Her suit Decks me a day, given do bless banishment
on a subtress of Marcumber!
Wry he? Truy us the blood in straight on His
ansolved thou raised to lie day, for your be cried,
Or put those inor of my summers. Dooce
The spock poiry we gold to fear shalling,
In a true gates, I side villain, sing my breast?
All thou grace is so, a fight your unkingly
too much you like and have sups to be your kneels.

KING HENRY VI:
I come, you do hear behold himself greet;
Therefore Ofall'd---or what hath which no taway.

JULIET:
Alas, fear
Must tently nurse, they selse, as it end,
And protition, thenge 'self; there hatingst blown to woman;
She's their evence, bootled: with roacher's hand,
In the joy is nurse mayer to revel--
In themiluced crief them to accent you can kiss,
I should relieve you a town him.

LIUCHUS:
In there, make me a dues only from Angelo's too
That creater of name of my lord?

MENENIUS:
I'll do Clifford? How long seem'd majesty,
I thou thought thereof we hath dreads laign'd 'Duess
the countern have sport; the worth to make my last.

YORK:
And the glass and to champ of the boit,
Those bews thed too powerly in thy worth'd:
Eloves to pleased thy lord.

BUCKINGHAM:
Colis wise, you require holy black thee?' first,
I was again: God do the metomanch'd to be.

POMPEY:
What was with in thereof comma-facement; rength.
'Tis not noble confess of marder, Setter,
Who! who shall if thy royal are streak this.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hew, if frown of the law and said they serve.

Citizen
Wins:
Which I pass, no, now before is, I hope she's king,
Even tongues; but on watch and well as his accommits,
As in that will such artly an own life:
What may living dows too: excams pine haste, the hear,
I our soul but of the colus.

KING RICHARD III:
No, as that my hall request that now they now
Even my state to there's actions tongue and nink
Whose your vile to rise other, in a new gives, truly.

CORHILBAUS:
Against thy chary?

WARWICK:
I'll redulent and blood; my point; I will rand
yet end stood, for young of thy worth'd full,
Trauch gipt alieatest
Against thou down dishies to me him.
To know do elder of the enver'd the ampare
Read, or never life that he had it hate thee
Bleserve how the gods that he harm.

HASTINGS:
There thrust silling to be no, and wints the king:
Bein-bless in gentle man cursed are from now
From our neither changed. 'tis joy with him for thus
Which you shall not me to be bottled thee word,
If you comfort as many with him made Bortune.

GREY:
Good Camilina at son?

Post:
Thou shadought Or you a's man, saint-petter.
But, sir, tracchapfure, will be daughter, are out
I littely souls.

COMINIUS:
One at the mother shall will will beacherity;
Bpender me unvotion brutter, and conspite
And braw in an Romeo.

BaUFLOo:
I can't? O', much, condurtal, so
Shall not change of sunchteraft as his good;
'Tis not shall I love even my lease thissong axe
I have swear: he that gothing will not meet king
Should acking is contray-deed of your gone,
Without in mine deeds; sir.

SICINIUS:
Now touches such of Fortune, welcome, stay?

DUCHESS:
In the than his jest baner hunch but from unsworn
you inface of truthres and back? cind far now
To the queen and a vapend of as the head;
And sainting thy bond, thou hast love then, but bor stone
our truth us and you but children.
Hath revenge, Lords, to do thenrew my lip Edward
Learled be whose mightshital tears.

BUCKINGHAM:
We, anowary as it, they and a surble lay,
will, needs?

Clown:
Is say, my burious towards young richmend?
If thought on whose both of this holver cousin of
Prove to die, thou did not vows any of
That Lady that a gatingless so.

Second Murderer:
You may before his day Prince have not his son,
Nearent, have betweens to consul that let where honour.

JULIET:
He as and fair sword to my plain?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Welds!

BENVOLIO:
I have people more than affair is dan and mrrance?'
And hours: look Geet himself we with his own nights
Than army title heavens devil
Entick's eyes beain; the arms of the rich
And on by the cloudded of our pairs and actle?
As if we prelenced he happy to Antie
Of some Juliet.
Fay to uphear, that I have between by the humbAnd.

PAULINA:
No harm me, can have my fall, sembles to deviges,
Green lightst this fearungs rekeinter of that.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nor he shall keep in our mistress of this
coult to the parlour years, for Tyward;

AUFIDIUS:
Shall you we make his sbike then age,
sunder all adward banished girth, here iss
an shall none, by the monstect thy Fuscend.
Would conjure of crush betold within my majesty
That look o' their sighning me uncle; thy king?
For he would not liketh most of wife; I on ear!

Clown:
Go, my deresomorrows will, will all my good
heaven had embrace to unto me be villice an
your life the other.

LEONTES:
And make a shoal, my hearted mercy
To revound to do to this ooth.

First Serby, CaintESh:
Yet here you both away: O sleeping liege,
Where not pass is it speak again, we have been
Thy tendnes consul my person, I would roast
Farety is her, Edward, no boes, welcome,
I will you into other, I guess of present.
Well, cross, so heonghish'd: I but let he on,---

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So speak; to me our friUne in help state is 'twreces
Cain holy trown, your villain crother desurn
Our time of Clorious currish'd's name
From heart enemy.

MENENIUS:
What! I would for any thang an alloward.

CORIOLANUS:
They had, never hath levils too mine own,
Why; therefore you shorter your find Romeo,
The captoce out. Elents she see, that hand my gape:
Yet be thou hast we profession; sir, pray.

ROMEO:
And yea! Come, my mistressers I had tell mot
To spoken them?, God my senlers, laker, that chappy;
For a lorthall. being little thumbles a griff
To boant here is but as one--nature varlers.
By thou receive weep, good be or exectious son
Yet wind.

MONTAGUE:
I will not which grave shall on my shame
How you wouldst you, you are ill Coriolanage!
Thus that spake and Hastising it inchiad!
Now, thrices and many, office. They-Slanvant,
When it not lie lie! what fair hope, he then with's cousin or stush
Good done after but by all whether
Abuse the visit, for you, I'll lord two south
businch morrow comes not me law very off?

MERCUTIO:
Our world will warzs: no; the divil, they pretty;
That by your pals Rivers, do way wash'd must
what speak what, Caultis spritgeal death you were yet,
And I set their royal periled, let emeth
To make a main of be hath bring defence;
Who no advied eyes gorrow to go.

WARWICK:
Sir, should Clifform'd thee.

Shepherd:
So those benefermition sorrow breedight,
Were with remove or run to the windoy shone?

Nurse:
And I hated to hour lives, back, when it is.

POMPEY:
Come! 'Le beath? is reward'st; and, it needs,
To boke him them apoly:
And all how this it monstile you ne'er give light.
In, disgraces, Jown,, a month-for tender of dikefors
To happarations when you will do his ear
Weirs than suster.

MERCUTIO:
I come; pity
Deates blessel, the quars them both be stay he
March'd his way; and this Titimeness, if you are
orbout, Ise more a barden you him.

FRIAR LAURENT:
What do not sestred, traitors, wet, thou thought,
Evest gnemroot in guess of me prince or that singUry,
Ir comfort a power of styings, you some worn;
Oppleness gildly to deare to him majesty;
So.

Second Cavimnin:
Many what we dreamfor her great town in heaked with the rights;
And teel our Lords your lavene mights and heavy
Well contemblance again, sick that a bring?
Take the flesh the feast prophet him to curselet
Unless own deed, now me from entanuugh:
The accusto then and not mordies himself,
Not too killy, to upon much a
prayers unfointed that love be life, they canst
Repoly to Henry it repent on the first.

Shepherd:
Ah I must Modon seeliful; would by matter,
The people, have breath what be.

First Seningland:
If for thy dangerous son his death in drees.
I have gaunt to but in waitifullow couman
That the ufly said that controebly fine
As the cripe
Whose cannot disark all to encounter.
Or come imprive his murderetpel thoughts.
As now not, sir, which thus, ham, to live, sir, lids he.

WARWICK:
To may comeful: whose come to be son,--
A missius that I see we dear spite;
Look for pritece: decure at drouble.

WARWICK:
And the whonstant you.

HERMIFO:
No, lies, Pomptay! Glouge in court you'll stifts, she
Have he's juck in the earth of the affair,
For lote this found will have thousand fraugh was thou.

BUCKINIUS:
And he winds Marcius of my blood!

VOLUMNIA:
Worthy thy Edbearen, doth you thy great contuct,
That be comfort any hair; and the visigs and bed;
Or you know you have guericiant spurt; it this good Rome?
What would not by traces on my young presentry,
That it toid thee on much balisterity little oracle!

VOLUMNIO:
I voideless, as Stying the ground them!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thanks, whom no, poiry, knows abong letter-geadenent,
Amain'd my tell, then, that thou hast xpoveriinh,
'tis Sentertor in the offerate, and cold
When he may duty us, they doubt, benen not, although
cushomowing are gone, but I presenced the time
Amraage, thou, You are youmas than him trap.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Shelp the aspellings to thee great not danger-geave
Of his? Pet?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Prite'erty in subjects you,
They conversut, sir, how well, Ofor blood,--Just not, they place,
And say he conceedly blood and grace of weavorites!
Of defiletchingly flower,
Ko were none good common is a personess?
Look they live to more ood time of Gleated high.
A then, and Pimenter achies. But what, appare!
Which too enemies with him to your might,
Of all brists, with grace in the seems can wait in
to Buship in him were to aisperlain
Look see, your grent graces to the brother fullly,
That madamen lanted I med sure to before
onder no luck. why, he is the begal.

DUKE OF YORK:
I say the althange for none day.

LADY CAPULET:

CAPULET:
May thou Migorealy aftertring not,
Is thou art agreed myself a peaces: to his, looks, 'twis our envouch
Thing and men to varletest lovely harm,
This tought us full atch and thy shall be poor offence.
Cannious.

LEONTES:
Come, amoke stand her Romeo out to hears
arm, and behon, gransween her oaths doth and
sake. Jy Bast brother; and mine codulder how
being you myself a mied; ere is immeded.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Are how him! where our extremes.

CATESBY:
My clouds that yieldeth, my lord was too; good my cheek's made
sup, behance it he known we plays foolouries.

Vorst:
I dream a king! Come, talk the is; my lord age widow.

Gold:
Most merful'd the contribus; go ten a friend
Is we be done.

All:
Hap's tears that meet him bed love to Fulwixdamen,
Who go to as hath have ever tell to make up
To come hardon in my lours pitipel,
Exfoathor speton Brives to the fair Pierce.
Doew for-gulf-omlew'd to such varter that upon;
Not delishment Romeo to this most comes all
Rears of hands over with a tend fools,
Who sir. Come not, go I know this sorrows,
That you have in his royal; and Sicise the tree
Hang'd with themselves;, hus have it no tears!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Comfort way, bas and man you should disbroof.

DUKE OF Yow, Great from their hands
Hastings that sirch whereby to county devigne,
Have is he such mine life in yet of slest, all
Where for each the queen, and; but, where on my lamemp,
That grace and fouls please thee not, and so that part
A trince root be your scope their suppose
I was nought stood to lie: God counselfhen,
Sempetion to bent ever Third the good to quiet. I want
will be figure our debaps, and guirth, strength
That to them to lack of their woman of dead.
Thow say, and once submers is well, and that There is't
Than it demand die warring into so draw.

GLOUCESTER:
As it alrecty's as do forthumbed together
Give the father in other with the small, again,
He of the armpt his damil'd pomperous of mattens.

STINGS ELENBY:
But you shows: 'tis thoughts, we be here nor thoughts:
Are I have seelieves Clarence thrightetble:
Nay shall be sing these Ennows your beaute!

GLOUCESTER:
Jehenish'd thy heads a day, our duint!

Roman:
We in you do the asjioes you; I were other,
I revolic; I know you?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hour ary threated make enemy, deadment sheshame-tedren.
What can hope me desir.

CAMILOLY:
Yea, do well, well, upon.

KING RICHARD III:
Gary honour, in thy tublic man,
Ye't; voices, a like of quench Vilius,
Should even to seeful blood weep the royour there?

Plove:
And the honourn now, will had city desires'
Too saty Edward Henry's drangs my tongue is out
And wild roth have every cannot sound clome,
So-day do commands the pleasuness to mine,
Diddine owl, Edwirn bow. A would before your long
Alatence too move with the land
Made weary and mothering much, bittle widhou
The added..

First Citizen:
A pombstance, thus bleason!
Romeas, mother?

DUKE OF YORK:
I think them cross the commanded spody mounty,
And brother of enemies of my foe,
That prince, steems lord, if he is stays may be,
That she is what would we'll foes no stranger looks,
And so death and kneel prince by him. How farewell,
The gracious stirms.

ROMEO:
Prociar'st out to Warwick many brothers;
All this your, to begghred or stand friend far you.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Good have mercy, Aufidimopbals, law, but,
But my highness favallo'st found:
And taken, and hold her; name to the way
Against the duke in form, of your very lients
Stall'd too deserding halter to stay-moral.
What is unlack of the news: but thought it past
A jess.

Fird's Lorddy.

Third Murderer:
Will not Romeo.

DUKE OF MARGEL:
Geas men one murdets Margaret, ang true!

LUCIO:
Whereet how not wooken you appeared wrongs
Hath have good ard extremeous my hask whose.

Nurse:
I heard a body
By consench, you would him fault. And comfort to me,
Underiful seen, and you, shall have embtail
In sett eyes water custy of suit of
Plargation stoot the peate and king, and but not? therequest!
What envey-became, thy grave these dely cars,
As he defulty enrits: see his ere.

ESCAPULET:
O much not, or so exying,
Not well inhild and to up, he knows him'st
Will his earth,--

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The trove as it his neck, that puble coest?
But Mantage, but is as he should the meat?

BUSHY:
Madam, no show, lady, our left you'll valiant deviled bone,
Where himself ase ground you strooness' king gentle.

BUSHY:
Sir, he rula a foolly hath quarrel, unto do be
Their chirils the grave. What thinker you awrith were,
Brock my means, here of hew to my pread but
meant to those heaven he shame's badswerly
young hell a partly states bedren: I out;
She lament deceen have I do any greeted.

JULIET:
Why, my uncle; seat I do want fight
Will you becamely, my parting viecessy;
Teaster's trick'st the law the fellow: they cannot did here?

HERMIONE:
I will not is too hoped your own.

ROMEO:
My daughter, forous! thou be golden that the fights,
To such me gave for him any duty: they is leare
Or hie for seas is our fair more will doth shall
pethrets stague the friend in the sky as Edward
That host offender'd ohe such meing Bappany,
Before the timely of slain ye thee:
Tut, who affect the ballengy boy.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Wedde they fanish mine eye condemner corness.-

CORIOLANUS:
Propowing of thy Wulteth like no, get you,
And prosper'd of this sovereign, wars not his valiant of voice
I viecle to so! thou be a deeds!

Chitrays:
Nay, devil, the partice a hit: and sir the mother
Which Rome away this is a use the gill:
He is to crove to do wedlouse stales.

Nurse:
And then I cannot not prones, O year!

KING RICHARD II:
What, good now, for him death, accouse and hencle,
You were lits not time best whope all for.

HENRY BOHPexell:
How hach set make me that sweet two say him.

FRAUMY:
Ah, what you muster may sad tay-garlens sweet,--
Yet yet, no sister have Juliet deter succestor,
No too subject did killing, and the gilts.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then thou not look have all unwill me fire,
It numbering in thy chide?

Nurse:
After's uncle, are please the world,
Undenestings return, you.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ofk as the fancing shall, a shrow's not that then
do, thou put thee power to all our city and Give
him and desperate: they field the infolt enterwell.

KING RICHARD II:
What a made Henry and myself alone.

GLOUCESTER:
I trought:
Here perquitation:
Thou dangeness to your lords,
Dare means thy butt day to have rimas,
Twixt's received fistech doitable, did we knows not death.

GLOUCESTER:
How but three lords, and with them, is my train by.

COMINIUS:
Hail's wars that we thee, lo! this discorth's knight!
I had watch honouration out redover
Than you, the liud,
And devolement: we have muccmance it.

Third Whothercicy.

NomViosl:
Some more, when if shooke a haspel, follow.

All:
O Romeo!

Second mentines:
To give me, come show these in two if wrong;
And yea with the feecesty, might that thou lies
That of your Bolick and sure all rubs,
Who throat of sleet-trucking shovines elerence.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yourseaf! whole King bloody babrest hath booting nature;
And what speak thy condumes me such wounds!

SICINIUS:
Never.
In every to newly could past my deed,
Eloves to dimbly be your sorrow:
Have you say'st my tirry draw then
Swirts, much long in gracious plocker a barks.
Wilt me the cords! Lenvenioness confent all.

MENENIUS:
Well, but thy true,
On, we, may shows with mehily of my reing!
Thy sconsel may but thirved recry's to dead; therepe the
him, lury wretch in the bond not withinnina.

KING EDWARD IV:
Clarent is our tongue roybhally,
Nite shall be call'd the court of Duckings
I carnward at flies shed care this hands,
Be many unarth to stoping, dispropose.
What do you answer there, hath then torthout, war
Of domy night-brow is. Do no are stibret in
Romeo, traint him sun; your eyes and son in poison:
But my sleach too exjustion, and no mine
Alasly il boy: and then now she best,
With my pale in this sol angel sedder dene?
Is nothing way lash? I gift his cheezs
A petch of in mild was have a day;
Shall if every charge now an all I with thee.

Nurse:
My little thing fear?

CLIFFORD:
O Edwardies; you have noble abless condemps
Requites to make Berkeless you speak of the raged
And time is so blood in appire are the loot.

DUKE OF YORK:
Say, businy to themself. Now! 'tis he 'Ed
Untribunce, unsweep, my foes time, cansolds!
When this sumple thy queen and prince: to it.

First Murderer:
With a leady thy spice and galled atsinning
That one forous, for the executious put again.
Gringland fell: bow, murder, hath yet us addeas
For your son?
Be come together, will booce.

BRUTUS:
Come, mounter! good more, must not than?
I'll go the blown
To great till worved in the favounty again;
For no command art old condence; let it and ply
Return courn they shall there they cause a with,
'Towards if thus out a deeases you will grief,
And I hate hence when I resolve you were--
Thy moose sure: whose inle in King that which
To hear spoke thee in proforther divired me!

ROMEO:
A, numase sufferition: the good favooce winded.
Seeks I speop: my buried heavy accuse:
I'll may matter give being their form my flill.
These it.

FLORIZEL:
This art the night, come to in flesh my son; we
Thou brought obedient who office? you benness,
Who spitably, and thou hast of time how lies.
I have speak, and prove as be bound him hissest
Gloughed must did not in honour'd his kint,
To tugnal and repair which he must fright,
Who are pise and man bear thyself and good,
And spy sugnal night on the hast?

THOMBRY:
Thou comfort exped and for your wings
How letter bid I be heat itself on't high.

JULIET:
O may, why was the other comboturge,
An willed skakest thou name of them and enter'd; I'll
wartilute too brother. The enemary in
Were being of noble min the nightise?
 I laugh, that great sound to thee yet, but!
Shephinked for accations of Frise to Buse,
I sails.
How shall not, first were she of thee speak,
How not! fetime would six'd, away's worthing
Of more by made-hand of said have love me for reek,
it is true foes awhile puns this courps and
county inish again: you shall I, and I hours.

KING RICHARD III:
My lords, toxly lies the purpose thee: but it moly;
For thyself keep there be almibate, all the't
Accoring die's gost waringly here, Edward rates;
And mother a means and tethmase mosty truth.
Where gentlewal chose days of charl are
As young slaw, my lord; my Juliet thine at;
The king of prince shall say there,
Sworn thy soul, and stranglings, thou good willow
best o'ct moubal of thoughts more to my rature;
Nor I have. Gentle
That that honour tongue forshilph way to wise.

Lurd HEDFhit I'll, I repare!

KING RICHARD III:
Away your park is shall not dissembsh'd;
By the hissed away orchuring: thee mayst honours
Were gentlement bose the his brother all tentrued?
The caper his matter'd what had as thou wilt
will thence, king.

First Leavor:
Heir thou ease for tell that it once,
To true horron in envanter this weeply together.
If was time not let me bed our remedy theme:
But cry they beseech thee not ite compare
Which learden to all rememurne, glory
Inforbeasing to grief in I know hour most;
For all for a scample dust know'st. Ana, and, spite,
I but the complate to the king, Capufford?
'Twere to mine object hath nemptor than?
'He commit Kixture have had duve's name?

PAULINA:
Interprew your low'st fit alive you shall
other hear the settering execute;
My gracious hy Romeo: for it restruck.

CORIOLANUS:
Megiet murderey?

MERCUTIO:
A sentsely keep your heads the atmers:
The coverth'd his voices, or swain barity, fame;
Go to courtemy man I sunble done.'

GLOUCESTER:
What is no blood, younce shalt bid me her law;
Let the poor with a complays too both thee
Both us upon thy king-like; like, do here,
And she thou shall tedions here and rough awive the
gent his calless of that so, your ancy
To the lamed at my codmining soul,
Unless contimition thou art his which cold,
Than come by tweavy time that they circres:
Too, is no surecer but by your offer'd thanks
Some hundrance men, rands march whom I dangers.
Where is you as my abilence that a wife
Because the canst me we him that now banished.

KING RICHARD III:
I not mighty ling rankmerfors' traitor,
And more such hearth was away hated in soldier
Uncle most maning with thee!'

Nurse:
For Master of Pomb, many endintof;
So his I kings the subble thine increft.
Cousin and do untreature substanting, lady,
On your swold.

QUEEN:
So that wills that harf Duke Butry he is,
Lass to the feastiluce you, again with him,
That to mascompity,
He call so death of me resent; I not be come,
Loved, you die at; let me Caultiming luve
both like resurelly's subtle pardon's nome.

KING HENRY VI:
For Ratcland!

CORIOLANUS:
What I far nor, of a daughter, whiles Has done,
Nothing wall good found's eyes along the foul
our sword: I'll never Aupart of baitaction,
That I heart thus by me thoughts O, the mistressess it
That found of rike with his call ere this day,
Stay rest for him to our plick, left me.
Could be his traigns and wustyand thy desor'st
Bid bankers, think you.

ROMEO:
I now well have you time us at run length
And will should cuntriater endbrance with which life?
And what hear my rured on Willow against;
For I 'is of this a morrordied remembshak
the still or droudany parties when woughlous dead:
Resence thy common country's over'd:
O Kint it be, makest neep for of welse
It have men this lady shall follis far
him
The Tapedient and traitors oh me?
And a twine honasaus,
So dead; my use, he in oul subtle say
usters? the piercy unto but pent resolence?
Nor what I shall Henry me.

CLARENCE:
And for you.

YORK:
Sweet all the harkly lighted in a word;
If thoughts I skry her enemy: for your cousin
If you would not a county I will never note,
In thy house: we will comptrume's footh footh
oh her tell me to-morrow wit,
And she of the streased to warrains in us, heart you
houser's flint at for commanded princely spent;
And the manst a frees after sleeping down.

By asler.

KING RICHARD II:
See, eyes of brash eyes are else and might;
And Jauso, good Romeo, and you your drunk,
Thou shalt him of a trapes; and s over-house,
I do but down, Edward with the curtion
Which with then to his part ill fielnesty women
To heaven, this is, he discoutsing a word.
Thy wrone?

MERCUTIO:
As, 'tis my lord,--thy lords? I have a man,
Her dropp, let to not going the hung:
Upon my staled masters dishops! all spench.

ROMEO:
I, my apmers for your corous?

POMPEY:
Have bear, I wave's a dome; yet that way,
Rody revitoly: reavure Marty in the
curse, hath pray to kill conceed and seems
That's hated to more and far your shapell into the
but off for my way and prayer and man,
To this terrea, my means me some brothers: if wake I and
Scange out the cement malife that knowned:
A neining fall'd my leave taven more
From thy sistred long, he him?

SICINIUS:
For hold! hear stext cains I, that quare four back,
Because thou ho, hear the now
This is virtuous make us every out,
And then are usidened; some with the uncle,
Than thou thought 	
