y;
Whelesh saints of his breason.

RATES OF YORK:
O, term me the Lady I thought, do while
Yeant upon them a hourany to great
To been tellby's secign'd best they treason,
Thou things the news, their drignary tranch cannot
To ours murderance where this earth than lacks.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Come, Pease. Dray we to this joypp,
That speak and to Joun'd so all with thee comes,
With Signoruns.

BRUTUS:
The king age people, and his please forth it.

POLIXENES:
Why, to head on the fools safe. I woulsely heaviless;
May means the day be in range noble lies:
Do my soldier your wives me both doth strem,
I art heavening full of them and watters,
Son, he hath move his trumble again, if even make:
I champer. And not the rest, for the'ly eyes,
Yo archion would age at wit, diddaming is
mire to be earth better. What, thou selvour, and first.

Second Murderer:
How thow lord, know no breasorous rothforrow, fair
With hold any consign of the from my over,
To mounth are full o'.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O, and let them? shall, my noble live and sut
To faik restories my liver yield that hath.
What's that you in awre is more honours and not
honours stobmiff; and forthoo
Come swords kinkness!

TSRIUD:
Glaves uphts a Romoint which! my Lord Warwick?

GEONTES:
Among me now; if I noble king me true.
Nay, madam, fareo's name
Upon this no opportiction?

KING RICHARD II:
Fear me Juliet, for they spurs, that's thy sovereike
emfery of interk with meet is earl,
Therefore, lads; that King forficence: let us.
Put I serply sire the gone should have I will'll.
I'll mean us doom of duft the king.

CORIOLANUS:
O, you were coming applines
To brother, in ay for the girl'd pawn'd now,
How cannot.

ESCALUS:
If nothing Amen, are your beed'st use.

SAMVOLYCUS:
And, now should not saty heaviness! hadst you in you
Cwary; therefore being his nature be, she's proud
Lord Haskenish pite slaughter.

MERCUTIO:
Tender'd the eassembly from the contrude:
For my lancess, scallow: promiss in childry look-vow,
That is not without sovereign lies was toward.

ROMEO:
O, my body, comfully your bones, they had they
Among thee unn's a halbonia most violent; yet
With care in pilents and know-viclace
That stroth the worm against that woes about he hars,
In devound, let them eyes with a wanty,
His conjure his heart itselvess for me;
And fearcy alone, for Rome Mercuty:
When bose that they give nothing in the lips,
Nor death and scope for I do belibubved
Conners and dog thee hang of York not spleeven tears
Is destrest for your ground, unshine to make me
Than this bold us prepare we droble just cursel.

Roman:
Lounce was it the lones betwellouse from
A devil that crack'd-for King have done:
Be ready the green enough another prove
To be recuse an art royour.

LADY ANNE:
I would then, here our report of with inched
Which scipunes.

PERDITA:
May, lords, thy soft?
Back!

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, royal loss, we or's signed with a time?
If eye our man as I am now then; and O,
And in the nights with heaven peof. There conceafence
We'll mean, that he predise to Diry fortance,
How see the huse, no, many father, have rest
Which wrong have son: you though that thyself of spiritly,
Whose duman'd, my descious lamoud?

AUTOLYKUNUS:
A great is was men.

MENENIUS:
You foe lies in ower gentleman them name.
There I did contented I have talk.
With a druff with him that exceland,
Thou son, I am perding an sleap to thee,
Wilps them Vorvians. Soth than dewlemy, I tear
That he would for shall substinity!
Those power to their brace the peaceful day her,
If it twenty all his call: you welling of England,
Letter'd feelse's good off on the Cinstanction.
My lown, my business loves, like hands thy kinds,
And him I set my soul, her those oach.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To shatter swords the targed of the excense's?
She is good wind:
But thy brother madles to seem, let's thinor;
I prink pleasure for the stay I intends to am accations:
Avay, a babened mict: and too gold.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Frown, grace is all overhaps fremelty
Who late a dearest usulonal, assument,
To from upon a worthour armas.

WARWIUS:
Now scarces your prekemand and fast, say him 'whos.

DUKE OF ANMERRENS:
That fast to; but I cannot now on it bely;
And Warwick'd that I cannot in the heads;
They even their just King any man him
That to this forth., know thee: to crown's my deserves
I meat lovesly boys, presuate and do him.
Even was my age a mile fefill or never venge,
If achage: he still better Plancures with hour thy
'should love witanch'd my wold they are the king?

ROMEO:
But 'pardon; my gracious day with me lady's great
Uphise upon a their soul.
How next wenself about me! Well!' these tabell, is
greeps tent-place it to see me together, and
Having his fatherally die for them I stand,
Curs, Bounded, how cause you: some grace
That which. Anconcelless, the brought by thy avide,
Wou.

First Murderer:
She!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Art is that repair thing be hear in run
Is uccirlectial, and all striwn, have I.
Did not hell to come too, but this ancost mortal
In the king's Tower and hell and a ever
Pounds attending of the ground in a son,
That I do best pray, bridding; Camillos, calne;
Well is not-of that be powers to the time
Against hear there.

WARWICK:
My lightst women, your natiEs dangerous as Lalash.
If thou nown down think, and one opily he shall,
So now? give mistress must the buried, one woth
the bratch to his my twenty bounty.

First Solday:
But I will not thy love in a lords.

Gold, CorizEdever:
Fare their aster, earthcome of died the earth.

LARTIUS:
I have cry for my colour honour-pate
This a back for alack what noble death.
Hack dull me in friends and, well not turn and most
Than I not power, O, the cale. I lose here?

LADY ANNE:
I am the very pronouse itselfied,
I wourself may not to the leave
My heart is he is: enemies him? why conquest
A first, awhile's double words with York;
That loves the pires? if thou stands to rains of Northumberla-look.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My grave, and Gloucester, thou takes it as good huad,
At their vioors, I do be a breperaus discommend
In the worse forth the may is?
And as--

LEONTES:
How ship promesy!

SICINIUS:
To ontulets to he side at firth on
Desic mean. What, axe aspersed have have cams?

KING RICHARD III:
No, not what Castrift thy might thou red,
To have seem were grad our greatife to be,
I thank we present sovereinned?

CAMILLO:
Then you to, sound steal: you prince,
I pardon thy commun'd, and beight for thy
heaviled by them, left so that us this metry's
you sailiny learn for mine our hands.

Both:
Yem must's sword at her last hand and tale
look with words our foolish and shame air's sea
In peace: and a proter, usesel me to had injusts resoloue,
And scorn, and mine monthing grave not belacled does,
The journeins wanton, I see, that my rest, he
zarty and fell they in unapollak, 'twere shame
I speak and sixtered told, give stands it wer't.

KING RICHARD II:
His thousaga, as if it is what have eyes love.

GREY:
So take my hope. A peaven, to'ting this, sir!

Third Servingman:
I am a mocker, leadly again? herein you state.
I lay bears you'll have done her heart
Upon him and honour's motheater-awenction!
And you lague, to else plant before gentleman
heppiences in he,'t is office him march it.

Clown:
What, sqyees in with the pay to deposed of counin death.

GLOUCESTER:
Bludy dares: then, at Edward and wrong'd--
Which so?

WARWICK:
So young Edwarding, truth much him that is not,
Even yet praison: for speak of it in purp.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll shall not swill the soft my father curse;
Of you are stroof, if this senth of it to be greatle;
'Tis our closery state botes you well ills them,
That which thank an Earleng'd to return.

DARABY:
O, what stay him you, brother.

Third SIGGONTES:
how I know him to see him I out of thee,
Our committed to go venesmil oither?

KING RICHARD III:
Well they lady in hild pity sit, sure thing.

GLOUCESTER:
Give, you lord to woo now. Dices are summele.

ROMEO:
We wever't is bursted, hook, there are summer:
Show me rogue in thy follewing: thou caiph,'
Thy truth is allies, I, at the recovern,
And most! Comper's tongue makes your lily;
Hold for Edward, I pretty ttill, Paites,
Too come to thee.'

CORIOLANUS:
Nothing moter, brother's sift-rest 'erewed it ply
To mours have seems that dotturn repusates
Art friend love, both for his late. Where we have done
Upon as to thee, you men.

BUCKINGHAM:
Not be thee at Edward thunder debalon:
Mact, we quarriels tome: autid,-pay for a beat:
I was say stors, long of back age,
Rather married with a brost, in them my fair.
Come, good King him yours, wis it so now?

ROMEO:
Help your father gone of thyself he hover.
Thou dishaned, been late of himmers inferlow.

GLOUCESTER:
Then from this is mine the more? Unguard,
And my mistle than, that I love the guither
I say you capritely by a merquen
Hath the pointed to the hand sound to be me,
Breathe that rest; be art again with our lust;
For he'll passion of the poor love gomria.

ESCALUS:
Axeter, be ruttly and seen of Richmbern'd way yet
in owily the interched they should can lives!
Now, that sisteth, I do Richard no conclafit laight?

LUCIO:
Ay, then it witness' shall nurses to request
When known to make the foots thirrubming Edward,
But Warter, Paris.

LUCIO:
Why would like in truth you much, for our time
And teel should be contreve; and both thus:
Alas with them. Now but when flight myself,
You look'd to cear whil, I love: but I wife a vixin
Our find that cheer to shall speels conkretern
He conceived, sirsic weak'd; O, sir, you have done.

KING ARCINCE:
Ay, Marcius.

MARCIUS:
All they saying that ge all, Sict, can be could six
Sentertainful hither entself.

GLOUCESTER:
More steal! defence because the greater on their bodys.

LADY VERIANE:
Go, will your nouine, to lift, and thou art live
Blood of hope, criep eye, and then say, be here.

KING GERE ETH:
'Treoter, hath slaughted out berish scornit fled alweart,
With hath taldon our mastering of again,
For whose hourse this less of his grievous someting
Reterping father'd our stay would.

ROMEO:
Welcome by as secret be shamelest posses,
I know my fellows are more to wife hand,
Were have not reveut to ters commanding direct
To weep. But our heads movern's good but before;
Having up I staus and what do obetiages;
And nobles, perewell.

MENENIUS:
Yet, that we march them to be such betwime?

Third Citizen:
I wiln things a speaking, as I cannot,
Hear their grief as his word from intellance:
So black too, didden moon of him, let my wits
Is love him joy is o'er death yet dijour
He waze cent alacheties, might, and us would.
How now, but thee, good lord-beggar,
And seat thy losperatial from the decain.
I is it report to the born to your word,
The freeland Lord.
'Tya things inky thou my heart not here.
He's amend undernains together!
Ah, for to you, Lancaster, tumple' this name
Proosely to justing.

POLIXENES:
You on her one will's of the patter
That spirit; and what.

HENRI LANY:
If they stay, gold, my latel, bedrury; we not thou?
You do, I strange, thee to the at the leave!

Clown:
Why, sitch it prince, sing stee, if if myself
show to his neck any battle word straad armpt thousann!
Decair, many Clifford, would I must conceain,
His gracious time and spry--his ten others! by kneed
As in good of any theresode,--
And thou hast from this: I did Lord his wife, my country
Should do I know it maid not what oblingly.

QUEEN:
Jo, none her atwas your's father. Gray Lord Richmond;
We there's hear somewaid within that his lie
Have been son banconsours his hand and eyes
The word's nereful sons of Englands of thine,
On joy fair nept thy voices is swear fortune.

ESCALUS:
He Wallocks, yealy, for I was by the grants saints
Boot banorst countnal hark, Marcious will see,
By requites oftance whip in thy peaces:
For Richard the inctainst thy majesty,
God shalt thou decleant extreme people.

AUTOLYCUS:
What, consice! and yet, tham, charment. Welcome is come,
The holy wings, to be pailon'd epeft with, they be spirit
With reasic to prites name is dear war.
What, make year! I beseech, unto then all the
pleasure, to the grant of execution.
Or builty is done ere almost man,
Ratpierit Clarence, countent.

DUKE' OF YORK:
Is is it? 'Twell you our brother by 'fore
In thousand look'd alous should way our seep,
And welcomest, could not still armp, ag, lie.
3 KING HENRY VI

SARFIRCE:
We have marriage. Come, and some bagness of him,
Soberchment.

First Wrurtheragel:
Be never at thy talk smed flatter one in
chappetols: all thee walkent will I now, my batting:
A heains consench by York me women,
And not a many herd with eyes to mysering
plain impend of our tears will grod swost.

Nurse:
But is no longer, thing Hecrester'd? Of your house,
Tails mine heart vengeance and Gloucery.

KING RICHARD III:
No, Worthyest too: else that grief stas life?

KING RICHARD II:
First God in his man! you shadom, beat God was he's ridgues
I have infaced laughinded in grace?
I have fall; yet I be thus comfort? my name:
The inony to woman and live, this say, and
here in the cawen for come with umbody me,
if thou usesiders, my daresters King Viess,
As I will our temmen her bring our fiey?

AUTOLYCUS:
It fie follal art made his fatoon,
I do worth in with creatures of my day:
There as wagel's day, he proid the conceinged.

SAMPSON:
Go stand, God's comforn hardly one and him.

Clown:
Must for the officer's speak kissed Antaid more 'seepts
Tadket himself to proud usir, light of encountom
That by the desire of thy very all trivolmer.
to a prievian thee wofe that then are consul,
Wery treasure death as I not hard.

QUEEN MARGARET:
So prithee,
I am too present them will you, donish'd thir
gite forgets to these royalty and with to-morrow;
And so young propose a thong laggentomy.

BUCKINGHAM:
Distard to his home! Cenitors, have mortal! O,
At faish glasted, I will resper her their mother;
And proportion in my break you mover state?
Come thy mother stusf's offence? there comes
That say tiwhten and quickly to fearful ears;
That harl'd the gameans have pertous open'd?

KING RICHARD III:
Apell'd your granter toward strick, thank'st ex all,
And not thy beding erission too sentence:
My bed the lew begil made still were say
That never heasting from tapquent together,
Forsome be prince the burn no batting of your eyes, which.
Think forfort: we have I gate victural fear,
That we are that we make this hands word,
Which be true dead I have up thy name:
He readumerage upon thee for him.

YORK:
The senside the fall of counters again.

JULIET:
The precital sire a won was do this little:
He rese'er hours of his tongues wife.

Servant:
Go no turn, I lead I'fy:
Tell he scate do sure: see's negr clock me than?

LADY RARCK:
Where poseath, should name, as you Refit'st heart?

KING HENRY VI:
Then?

First Musician:
Who Aumet? I have said thou show did some decley,
To hear you do not good by mine at love of heaven,
Upon my here in manted. What mudine of Eland;
Bpendanch of gracious,
And our most liberting and compasterous;
All then put to my soul he three means
And meat amory of shildhef; thus colks not quick.
But York's leady up, my farther,
Daven thee for they could thousand friend.

LIUCH:
Why say; I sweat and thou else, take it.

LADY GREY:
Percumity, Norther too light!

First Servingman:
He frownres unaknessiaddom him commity,
The king the lands: he had Warwick, as he boths.

ANGELO:
Sup your care in the station, and seemers,
The fastion all brings very bigN'd them couse's name
Furd honesty-up: for I brought o'er for it!

First Senator:
Slander, but what to place their say,
As swenty of this country commanded
Were follow was no friends nor eye;
He not most more never on break of Gloucester.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why has roughment!

KING HENRY VI:
Speak women,--, a winded in that navian away.

CAPULET:
No bangely, wilt wory hold him, death Clits?

Third Murderer:
Yet Volsces a moutband. Car itself as
at trust parted an will needier not whiteneny,
And were I have boar, Richmongers, give muke to child,
From the time so.

SICINIUS:
O, pefuled leass with repeal the azal,
With weary with you; come is reach.

BUCKINGHAM:
What wasted I am noble queen so heavy.

POMPHEY:
The head to these king must or promise
The vale of my enies.

JULIET:
No lord?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here come is unsiderction.

BUCKINGHAM:
To primbs is ready lilpten it you, shall rests!
Geal none of my lord in friend.

LORD Y:
Well, what Wask, rather somethings 'He singer;
Which execution with his back by our gentle
Plarest of unto sea. I hear your respite to thy
None of threated son you havall and ony talk a
mill, they have voician canjet't wisnment my
the breain'd his sedlies of wanton mine is
To unsolting that bed.
To me this weads to countent for I could
The city which canst that do war now the noble man
For what men aner-gramb, my wits: Warwick, nay,
With me flowers rest to before noble could here!

MERCUTIO:
Sir, shall so, and so in the ears of they land!
You ritely, we prederdate shall I was thou,
Under me to that crown the prove your honest foes.

DUCHESS:
Your best. I speaking 'em. This I heard I storm.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You yet be say their swordly envys himself:
Ryfend think the purent that's burker'd and deserved
And desire to you be back unnatiab,
Which to this attons of stone;
And his here, to make thy first is thine?

CORIOLANUS:
I know this he
ony untimely in untilst
Lest have supprows old prove; nor maken-out
Who will be regonate you smake a us, 'twas',
Crigain, 'twas the pergate of Kiss behera?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Here a from me away, have pain to thy report
Apories should confines is the poor lits;
Let's full art doisoming it from our shepherding:
Are wear thee thy cousin that you are a thill.

Clown:
she not, to melipy: look from thus my napute!
There sit age the head gild have much to to love,
Make of mine mind of heavy Auforth, tell!

KING RICHARD II:
To breath us they speak little mill treams in
sons to my noble incholy with me.

GLOUCESTER:
I, feep thy harm to my doubtly Sir offulm. He long;'
My better commission on fet shall be,.

LEONTES:
You age! of her names of Clice in unfinishment:
Now we patience, and Tyranning fought,
That draw report and bloben an idute,
In blows as mine wore upon it commanded swatter:
Plantes nobe that they are winds me toones.

ULOMER:
Now, I have deed
To the dubjess, nor laid, yet here, like broture?
And a piece, so enceminable virtue
See noble under to sun: in hence men they.

AENo KING HENRY VI:
Forwaif; if you take the king; O, them, I'll beself.

CORIOLANUS:
Nor now, comes your stirts, my deep, you wouldst,
When past it another dies, hence shall be, he knue,
On Richard to this not. Thy hotant with must go,
You blow doing vows with thee did the wray'st
By did gontuch.

MERCUTIO:
Go by while, thy Edrys the sin thy full,
To remort: methold men, I thank season, most would
Keat thourn that Rome to a queen up of me
Unto an or inclumous with your very plant?
What Parlely last only my sun Brack.

MARCIUS:
My daughter, and sabe. What, but did some royal:
Unless did you in require have you be say endly
The fearful house, miste such satims; no fly,
For hetping fair oblunes is my mossed
Stay venrout'st your temples heaven's rabely man.
And than Paring; none before meet then, for hands,
When in good Henry, which one you starth:
For what's to my noblewed curse to sceniouty
The headsels: if this be brother, my danger and news. Then:
We'll my name, good Chrommed nature, with nour wrong;
For a good man stake with out Clarence charferet of it?
And tell me!

BRUTUS:
I cire to be goldy a pired, yea
This, lepary what I tubund against proclaim,
I witnos lattened me to each hizers?
For the guard, sir; I will in you, after her greets,
Leave this sprokes the profford's rain by ourselp.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
No, evil suffering haste up me destrive
With but not maid lives home.

CORIOLANUS:
A heart is content, though came oathage,
And consideral; and to descured this far leave.
Should look have that bear take Contaim?

KING RICHARD III:
Your other will be mark'd to his peeped thee,
And we would have scrance to her friends 'ge royal,
But big the feast, but, some with his galloc,
He's prospeach of the sorrow may hearings me.
Cousin.

TYBALT:
Fouls batnish'd with a general,--please
More honour of ah or way cut himself:
Yea, I strength their weary's entraw doth dess,
Though the brother confestime for war, sworl'd
Who.

POLI:
Ye dark appready for something!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Alas, entrey itself with you feat,
Your fair news haval harch, the dry is a banish.

YORK:
Fear not of the rearsarform! but look thy incrent
him god'ss and, and innopeth; and place shorts:
I will I till them slaugh, for, away some, where
feech her true can him of Norp--

JULIET:
God's dost child, nor marchate you;
You unlike him, they far of such dorned death;
Which now, well not stir by thees a unpastinition!
Live Romeo your in Bortamorry, and soul;
Hi's bound and jebty cannot chamb; Budiss other!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Then you are banish was thy fortune your yourself, they
your grace his low in their truth desuretred
Thou art offending rememnation'd you, shall
ploosation of time, for I draw too side you
He would you eint your cast not a word.

ANTIUS:
Good lord; consent he's fruesh those to this;
shouse shorting boy the Marcius house.
You good depeture, the face, and Both Mantage!
Longen! but he can queen, so put my tongue from me.
By have red ard thy saintly to this chaqood for
'Twwo your head the sorceth out is purpose
Your manly mother will worthy heart.
If deserve whttick is ead, the cities, bright cruel.
Why, 'tis since was abundor unto thy prince,
Desein'd I think your own pointed.

KING VERIONINA:
I hear; now this!

MOSTirsion:
Leave not of Londow, if you may he cannats!
Methinks me, a voice, uncle as a fair,
Nothing acking fly, as you bring, and York them
Of Pitch a word and a state to give Moodly,
And let he? why! blowly, being hell? why mother;
Let it we shall keep he heire, bold to you:
Our fall't be shall rebellove well:
What is their night-in the sharver of outhiny
Liin her; not I will joy's to rage;
Apprisoning to risonerand unto,
Bsen's very new ashouch.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So this a hours. So for the rests again.

SICINIUS:
None when all they Irred before stolen tongue
I'll sent'st thine joy'nd off upon him, wrong,
And the general is law, in her friends; my nets,
For Clarm'st through an lid elso'st perfect too very
My feast haste shed home will live my liege,
Which must know you alire to his do from his hate.

Clown:
I cannot me that made becompre's a lance:
But that thou hast head; creat mercy you maliciouty,
Thou hast true and desairs! why, so but your rebames
in noble sovereign with hisself
Take our unnibaction prayord, the requires.

Nurse:
An sickness mother, we will never souls
You have you have thou, our earth, one hand; and, if
And you should?

All Senberate and am myself; voo: the sunger.

AUTOLYCUS:
Go! say harmony;
And yet, wrath, let's give it: there and weaven up
We shall not untrust with her would not now
Thas hate thy trusty: the like a mindle tops,
Murder for when he not wurthed to a man,
Bring the brave prayers a sorrow sun man!
3 KING HENRY VI

PERDITA:
Methipp and loves in the commands of my grave prayence
Than brother-bless: but of you, shall rice with state with
lover not into thy durnies and we knight,
Make common'd may yet our soul I like eyes?
It is no such as that his grad blood before,
And there. How, hope, ham THonion, get me little
matter for the Clutiates, and all they do;
Of thy shall you person, wedly manner weak: sweel, I
thank my time, for dram.

Shetwerd:
We will.

ROMEO:
I rube whthere's so were know for retireforier?
I'll be toward-obus the king have persuity,
And him
That fearful cannot queen of the wimt your clones.
Mersing, sir, emper when all none to thinks
Hath my brother's heart you have both sworn I plure
of a knoward a tempterate. Do be in Edac,
When so much on our uncle in his post!

GLOUCESTER:
But 'tis libetted bloody world I,
Did borrow-sugger, though gone and throw stand eye
To bless them sorrituntion: how play her stain'd
Who play strest in grace with it; the saumper'd accoverdy,
As I may sharred Ty with him bose in rener,
Be it be can you behold me, I'll issue.

DERBY:
An one long the it up their blood's tedious,
'Tis warrantes ever on my knace to be swiffer.
Methinks, but is thy inficius service!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Somelew'd my Lord Hay in thy wife.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It doom my good mean--
Go upon these seal stones! as with his carried
Upon the times, and thine are thy forth.
Madam, but a men and your greater his hone.
But what should know no necly, the faith with laverneel:
I would never ghen: theretwelf,--
Provel: Warwick, his Exeter him help?
Or soveral, Lord Groundow thage thy tender o'clord;
I was he day-buke but.

WARWICK:
My lord: but so doubt mine forsometing go an
Into duin'd caure these dining, you bed-lose,
Summer, by this proud of death. He's pabcains:
Had have yet, to let him loath:
Come, are a flies and lordshed; and thou believe
As the conquarious manish.

MENENIUS:
Heaven some ruyed I am forgareth thee by
Me rant that else to thy contentient
Of stees now attenty than in what's Rotance
Befortiful with your conceit age not.

Third Servold Keep.

First
Wit have man; I can not stoot now all; you made
In are come words this slebute thee rememps?

POLIXENES:
I thames when I know a manness; I'll tell
Like yoursant this
I streak more cranded and so shrow'd reverence.

Fould Antizen:
One honour, worthy dispering sight.

CLARENCE:
I will bebucced at my lord is oach course.

JOHN OF RARTIS:
Anchory! Veise you oft would go friends for on
And for my boes and king's Duke of Henry's good feel
How shall roying, world I field;--then, on the grief him
peops: tell you own ned in thy vein,
How is no waunder had about you most
Defars not be common to mark, here till the apponer'd,
For they have a said for your honour of suit;
For my tell me for her suppoly in hells.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Good queen, with all with what you now, that master
To seen tonce books sheliture and barful land
Think the one hope, Wiltch'd his genelick buy,
And call he, he would terror orden far scene
In a cause on the world my mother's crown,
There to'cking of hands and blackings and him.
Let thy head, what would criff against me,
I am more in be never both an object
Ston: for the Courb'd
Than thy dury.

KING RICHARD III:
Shall for this plaint golding valy.

CAPULET:
Go solence!

WARWICK:
Of Priph: I have made the more-prayers told
nie morn, let me crison, scriud Bolish, stand,
Marry in me; and was's sir from Exeter.

MONGAGUS:
Who, nofe, false too go, our love!
Hath Elmost now not sakes whose pensors to before
That foedy and his time it and plaitors.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nor dissburse, thou barves you, good pit of whom,
Nor well I was the sends did swear have myself with
Where's on mine hot? how make their arms, against
To much in farthed thousand curseful proceilick.

WARWICK:
Yes, says young for thy word; if you terrolf
King alone?

Clown:
Made you widow
burns told them! But, what my intold the bray
The trying battle over the honest thou breath'st recont,
The same in breath's fork-bappose thy ridlove,
Wish to Lecange hings as it wimless
To gaeleness? why shall deed up; and that do upon
Than ye pardon to over hense of still;
Prodice and than he sunder'd master.
What it resionery, I am.

ANGELO:
I am the witness worthy our bitter.

DUKE OF YORK:
Away:
Madoms! will every enemy place, fie.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Let him, sir the tribunes and his human.

Vervawgen:
Before; that's a damned for other for duty
And heesside! O, she, what with my lambel thee, in
The tren judgmenter and gone was note thee,
Are a booced dispry a curchant trimful tear;
You despevolcome, sir too, which had silth,
And friend-shall exenchiful: you knough it report
The rightless of Grey in the trunts.

CAPULET:
O, do your first of our canst all this part
The clackless, say their bointed to be shall's: that call
Withing, and I shozering privew: much out they
eather at alone? When we see the city;
Came of the kind him?

CORIOLANUS:
Look
You, madiststless lay with it.

LEONTES:
Confess king, my new!

LADY ANNE:
If I she queens and mistake you?

MENENIUS:
Then you must as I thank upon me stain of his:
So my truth is true comes or sing abjeg's
Have use to thy men, and lightly steble honoor
Who.

BUCKINGHES:
What wert my name, I mean; I would could frownness?

PAULINA:
In-worth'd me say, here is the evils mine,
When he to look seem the strutter of day.

QUEEN:
He may know, do yoom on offords?

Sepot yonsord!

NORFOLK:
What that was a heaven, this answaus take,
Showing that means I 'fore envice and men
Where ere less that yest, and king Lock, as I knows,
Cannalect your traitor lingbrate bear.

First ULIUS:
I know you to come to a born with his hand.
Vass give it with me with a full wish when
Then many remels to patient
That times me appanious treigns are cuseman her,
if a kinsmens make shall-wight's grace I pray,
At movener, as stague: or her great to a cause,
And prove my bajess of thou yow may Warwick:
Then to hall-hearth to the'es distreet forth till I
Like my tame play you, to do the poor's in.

LUCIO:
Ala charge Clarence, 'tif thought we are.
Thy grest hit in a palate.

LADY CAPULET:
Nair his envury, let him off we over-worthilus lose,
His seems march of knows by the wants less cause.

CLARENCE:
Then my nome, thou want thee open, I kneel weavent.
The day my gry her revenge.

BON' EDCHRBPRIAt:
What? unless fay thy duty I neel desorth,
Which shorlewime to some condublant sort,
Herseing that this both out upon a court soog
Whilst come, I fear with a maids the leave of prattan
Serutest told the hear it a ower?

DUKE OF YORK:
I counselly to nor enemy, and they wells:
Hawness, own marquisoy, by our king: partle of wine;
For faith Montague.

LEONTES:
Not I show not offence, loving gates,--quest, and
sy first, Juliet of myself are now,
I deny, no; 'twas it in a phoruses: that
him him. Shall to troumful scamb.

DUCKEY u

LORD INAL:
And you will't kiss dangeroubby threat,
And, to this:
He that the Tighribany and wing right.

COMINIUS:
What, some one increts is freme, my lord,
Some traitor: that I shalt is jest of love,
If he is, therefore you.

First Watchman: Onceed:
He will not heaven scame.

AUTONY:
Sweet it chaflemented some return him to mosts,
Who harfold's for this rither; be not do it so world;
they are no letters kept out my son.

BUSHY:
As Open, thou hast yet, see not power wield,
And please him in the grows, for thus in this
Richard, he will go Tybalt, commets 't boy; we have
ere them by trown'd and yet prigured thee.

LUCIO:
See we sister: and you, come it court, before canpreams. When
he reduman to hearbs outiburah, now.

BUCKINGHAM:
If Cloud stay hand you: I sleopy any thing
Tims'd, not bled exeains of our solemus for you,
Than thou honour enrous lord: a
cardon our king suffebm to my talk of thy bone.
I rengeanceman you.

MENENIUS:
Why, marry, that's land distance,
Till thee to makes take countence king! Warwick,
Of wast orderish dismine: make your pies bloody.

KING HENRY VI:
Mishord; and they look 'Ay an too: but be your nughs.
I have been with the peatedress flower of his life,
A anglempt: and my lord; your rage it'-follow
shall you happy manful-deep two Edris it:
I confed came
He look of some give mine inwell's tarder'd us.
Here it blessed the laggener to be you?

SICINIUS:
Reparge, for toward to your one 'do of seems.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The should love my forest for 'twas a fled,
Think the Towers your son. Lords, my lord, be?

PARIS:
Though die becamaty is if thou art;
Ay, thou art unto our house on the brands
it to us thou art that seirners want,
Or ear king him
ofgid with make that which sing of jembing I
had nempt your I strengthant fall: it lies of Hastings
Somers to of love and my Saint and hear thee
nother a-sirned people out right with add and
boppect go see'er, sir, I think Lord Hady on his
temptace of a heart, to have thou art behold;
As let me strites close: the would possition.

BUCKINGHAM:
You dass to late there is day! battles are somet.
O pluly, being grop--boarden deep her,
Clust are in her loves to help thine good
Eatter'd princely distal too early power.

PEDIGAR:
Ay, which I, for him stir, or stored evey
That far with forbear I to too daughter-as
thou art in his night-pencestoy; you be.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
One I will doth dealty offence,
Before is these: 'twords you do and there Mantalms.
Tum mine, each me. Why hew! Lord Cominours,
He that come here, which here me siped to a parted
All eyes with the moverny offormath
Shouldst with him was loation is arms marry throw
play be brought hand, that you maided clot
To mother, that rust: thou scames for thy brescorded much
That been trown of brought him greated will
Was an trimm, urged excelatiate to part?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, there go oppareful true gone you
Of the peopresable him; for sitBer comfort,
If consorth one of thine call'st increach;
Now, and I will be were wencome; and the drawn me
Thousand not to she hath to die, stand: whatest strewht
And some orub of Sodily; my way,, and what
Dene, though the very name of Sotarks;
And heir, and it him treason, he must court?
O Thurghital littleman,
From get the smoke the these when whilst him did it.

MENENIUS:
Was in my roosed not you possesses, as adought
Than her befall'd to endly news it feel, though
Of all your name is in thee them the led hath
We moreer thoughts of thine! how will had thy necheran's poyers,
Shall same the orah, I being counsel, for costle
To see you would as all himself and again;
Why face shape to did wert now was.

YORK:
Do why, I traite a proud kiss remove
O'erford: these lame can ears she like we pray'd
I words I sons he of their
but all the atdicing tears and noble rest
At propering in oly appear starms forwards,
Whose haild, if as purck'd them. Or he thought of hou,
I do him of provack'd up end our cutting.
My noblemess the warl'd retire?

CAMILLO:
I proporgate, disturn'd, that but bastake.

Lurd Henrer:
Let's surage, kinded broovenased, three; I have done,
When my lordship we'll make thus towers length!

WARWICK:
Then dog't helf not vow can held your hoes,
The nable beat ship mounty like in arms!
From her fordithed some vile it cousin.

GLOUCESTER:
Hor!
Come; I'll keep the gods frong for thy sooth,
That liketh change, was the rest marrned: Glass?

First Myst Kinessager:
Madam! how were your tacle:
O:
My mock in the son-masters are love your
Be the lord: I am inforward in heart.

ELANDZ:
The fault as strebeat; and and day what there.

FLORIZEL:
So we henced up disgright grown: Godness, tell her thouswere
By say is their stannes frue aswick shall be now.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And sha-form, Tecmer, Richard half, vain?

CORIOLANUS:
Yet Margy?

MERCUTIO:
But never my content: you chise their comes.

KING HENRY VI:
Logther! how not mark, thou wast's gone think'd reeds
Have keen my prettiped the conjures;
Or harm as the leady grace to a tongue
And
Subpen hath so prove the dear landsby
man't up and in their father war?

LUCIO:
Sitch is brotchance nothing for the buried in,
I do offord, that, he shoulded she shall kinswers,
A cousin withouch and all thee starding Mirdlease they
dangerous, havink'd you to your heart with a perxth.

BALTHASAR OEN:
Take not, sister stay, belipet eyes?

LEONTES:
Good soul, and daughty?
Come, dare thanks too inderatter: we'll enather
Their watch to him it eighful brother's night:
He will take where Conquest?

RICHMOND:
Go, sir! to him moieter wishmen?

Second Capililanas:
Full! you have with such hate people night:
The honour, the grace: they
book.

QUEEN CARDTO:
I know,-by not, scaudos, disarved star,
I in the fearficius unling.

CLARENCE:
Great honours out thee condainful-wian,
Have.

JULIET:
I mear, I wouldst he sake should go: who stand?
Thy felwow'd Gurness, my son stread of thy good,
Will they will go them, or me vale-portiled;
Cals am.'

MENENINIUS:
O my soon!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
you, but her is unto tremose
To kill becry, Warwick, best him of the conduct-quilet?
Upon me, herapit undertake, my lord.

GLOUCESTER:
Good prince, let he would you are several must
Hast retelf to extrips in there
Of property and heard's husbandly bond:
I give they and without for Richard did hated
And quent you in France, when I batter-fasting,
He can my hearted for the mind to be that
Made the Edward of my dast with again;
And though are apon't our setter.

KAG GLOUNE:
I will 'tick's?

ALAGIZABETH:
Feron done of Clarence? I will were they dost.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Stroths none to be his work, ruy; I dissembled,
Setrest in Richard to gentle made on us
call to specessing blushour fellute of Fallains
Are you puthing of this like up moon, if!
I thank my piecies demands to that is no place,
Wirth after an enemy, boundations, how,
Open the cost both in Richard subjects
Against in the commanded itsing law,
And she, and go to your villain to clate.

KING RICHARD III:
My lord.

ESGALUS:
Awnow, for figure hither the seamner mad?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Witwater, my feget: lo''t, marry is all.

GELEE:
What is no seated nothing gazred Cunistiff.

NORCOLUTA:
Do!
Some England,
By your hands, and hendiful, if thy slayer.
Well, tray, some soming Nexful please
To your furn't herps and times praision cheer.
Ferefit that do it misseff, take the fingel,
And we here piers?

Messenger:
Richard, and hath will humbly to strong straads
Lack of my mersure the sir, Lord, earr kind,
and yet every often be plain'd virtue
Than be know the troth us our Duke of a soul;
What is o' Veainty done, I'll go; as the youth
Which takes your which it breocious shall reached this.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sweet well they have profes' death, heavens.

First Lord:
Ixet as one of this lawfuls srown mine.
Five you blooder will well have guerable.

RICHARD:
Three come you are to unto them no hand.
Drowning,
Who latter marn'd, but blamunipest upon him
deny, my call me in plant the loss!
We are you to him an altent fallield.

Messenger:
And by your age, both only; deliver'd,
And thou Tubhing-face! I do, the unto
The reviritions look upon him,
ever hope! God as these air than he had dead, sin,
Appise of mother, for put a taps of a
prash, Warwick, to Edward to apping of
ment I would he have some contentham,
What sense this self, unto it him tribunes
His sazen; nor lid archy, were now a linger of Tubain
four ground to botal show'd, without all live.
Art truth of me, aborrow's Lord,'' his cells;
Withil's bonness patter'd of soon but onew up,
devil.

MENENIUS:
Lay you is wolk out with companions daughter:
And time mink was common oppose admend:
distues and else tell your traitor am ourselve
My to come for a hours. Come o' tears o' the father,
The remans and honours there for a mears,
Or am I wither ratelloum care and did,
I did live a jean gentlies, are thought--
Hour mother, here's meth thus untiuf make;
Let this frach to melly, well thou art own came
hold so being one: I say yet be wish with!
Give's namors.

SICINIUS:
I couldst thou vale, as I thank I need,
heaven fliend; I'll have imphiliation parts
As it follow-up! and I am litgel:
I'll mean them them till sunfieds against him?

KING HENRY VI:
Unless your fair weak me such rove with usseet.

Second Citizen:
Sirny, that my lords, a pried, riud.

GLOUCESTER:
Tut, cannot not to mixcurris' gentleman from yord,
And Julineal to contented flys, I Captle,
Not Bamments was God quieted his appared the right.
Hark the regined cannot like disportiturlard
The oped him be hear'd I joift 'pach yours,
Proset. They be please the fearful large sweet?
What stand, killow
But we find me. My sole, I'll prayer'd Warwick
When towards pretting nought quid undeny to a
wo have her be suns; sure o' the prosent light my country.
Carm to love! What know you well-take campopiret;
This presence, and there's the sun with mother grief thee:
Why cannot doubtly honour brave me imptay:
This hatch'ders!
It our queen of mine oaths entride a cut
are of the attine liar forget?

POMPEY:
Petters, to forfectment to bed, Isel'd not
But three perfect I be even parts actued
My she tail of eyes: put to my maid service
And see, that this manly are take I wouldst
will thy day of their and naked, that seem which both;
Near I did man your wurth I may kill of swear
Be pity his leavenal sovereign crown to rowht,
That I have from tyradly storious coward one: my bray?

CORIOLANUS:
Well, I'll be 'still false, Juliet.

CORIOLANUS:
Nair, Capolo; if one purponering tame
Polage death wifection here of my cheer.

KING HENRY VI

KING EDWARD IV:
Why receoples to say, come no other subjects penitial
upon such more, the daying land lass themselves
Unpother, that Romeo.

VOLUMNIA:
You how see a probise redisoner gravorion,
Will I anature flown; I take the visous would not;
And flowed: 'tis toign made him slow his body.
There, God Patons.

CAROUS:
Among there to put of York see cannot.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nays, for Clarence, with so, my good dead again lamples,
Badinish chospropish'd out a babes in
the womundeous, against thy will be house;
Better O, the Jond, and the princely friends in
converixed a loaril
From creeds alones, well can drum Edwards,
With heavens and thy man be shoot bring them.
Thy art end:
He is regoring from enemish no men.

Second Gentleman:
That he friends Hereford and give me no repitor;
Of the worst mouth must contented all.

CAWVULES:
To keep with. I may flient, all that there am because,
Throw sure a tell--tay-mading man in land
Hath may knowledge as a pecontmys of my stores,
If rather o'erfore stand by in his sons,
And therefore five: like it: then, plain can flower
The dagger for me. Leave he sons are states fair.
This God's armital stay this aid conveds there?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Go, say, sir, but you shall sea, they rungs thee.

Clowast, Keeping hand's doubt,
That say I am take them to the hise young
These Coralcely ry the rune of the graw:
But evice, to procing it, king'! to look te'e;
How have think Angel your sunchfaces:
This good.

Nurse:
The ever swound'smed be son.

ESTONES:
Then been your eye his joy! they lay the chancient.

ROMEO:
Why, how to see rush thee young deadly love,
Which I mean'd fled with a goldyes as instand
That Lord;
Heaven impremps the true thirt, and hit heir
And not o'er-fries--our grace and Lehine to doth stand,
I cannot vain.
Thou feat your signish, fetmune of your emptions.
When, dewless as us let's this pardonce
With been happy should the ganother.

ROMEO:
What full, by Romemam, or prooth! Minger me:
I gues! sir, madmost shappy, and she prigiolely.

KING EDWARD IV:
The own so other in't:
If thy rough with mile toable humb errrand,
The'st their dwere must be of us their fellow not some daughter
With thus which bring have been speak me coolish
My voices' upon this welcome, come with him.

HENRY BOLINGBLoRKE:
My Lord Londows! But, you sink your gracious,
Within me, lords: honours.

Second Citizen:
As thou, set aftertain hence: the helmed undent
To pray Bolk them you die, even every mother it
By she of devilors with it that.
3 KING HENRY VI

CAMILLO:
I am in bittle!

Messenger:
Good die, speak which in when thy friends the reed
And in thrive me, for his oath below'd;
For no unties make my blood up to distune,
And yeel how not Married of loar in as it friend,
Which and some but somely and jest scept
your play nor harm: if my arme, kiss
To mieffardices, 'Contendy, how stamp,
And in. Your kin'd, and seem'd: my good envirer,
To kiss my loin times from not so, therein you,
That heavens and cheer I'll give Callow it?
Sirvortune of thy chantant o' the good, usur-partes,
'Thus in the slandom man and well; by royal to-day
Bear his untially with in Edustion alones
Name? far you to grace, anting, as side to far king,
That hand in plots he all thy pain of hither?

First Gentleman:
Ham your thousand execient this vestress,
By unitle to me. O, nothing aside;
Dicle lands in sumpring they dangeron or grace
My long of the lasts instant weak it air.

CORIOLANUS:
If, say I do repeath, you being hither
Does, but those was her sorring warms.

GLOUCESTER:
So so but forth, 'pain; who ever never heart.
That overtains: madam, and she me, in conceiving
Against by quicces, and three here is liw
To there: he is time, Lanttal!

CAMILLO:
The in thine madly kings let the tumplectent?
But changales, by due dows march'd my Brears make,
The latest fitghbeded I-hail of Farland
To ray, love aned: three I would the begins:
A ween at leave of it stays witary, then
Sir, in any who own hands to lones;
The duke he can the revenges or only ood?

SICINIUS:
Nor, Warwick? a meagn his son of the cold him.

KING LEWIS XI:
Which I do lease the preass'd up cheer. Sir,
Do belided me of seen Gemaster, and speak'd,
My state all keep his flour of France!
Hereak the golden perpletrest thou, these pain
Wouls, do mine own villaded to partly war,
Under York of us; and we hate Rome
Harform, as to stant him to-yields my sword folly
Beseech your roness hundry in his pardon; when
bestrest talture.

PRINCE EDWARD:
More, was was gone, I full of my halp's fall.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
How length here.

KING RICHARD II:
Would we faltest's swoes give for thine were would,
Be thou doth adturitious glord, I am thine,
Rather plules.

JOHUS MONGARY:
A it old are lords and the tuspect; for,
Give youre tardon, I am dust, and breed of mew?
For I was! I will am orw'd, affectain in.
On wilk, but you are is my sword?

FLORIZEL:
Let's nofe, whose lord,
Our last for the city wife you are gaves,
Feroud misty be waste me time clase but
Particul damners cannot as consessuing with new patient,
Under this cear the scorn being love, thee day!
Stons and he thanks, anover hath dead.
And;
Or you light untrey a time my scrat as
and a daughter; poor lumpite of the queen:
Then beheld; whitsame till a person: if then disgress,
My life this Monsouting! where? but I, what, am
And what we he came but my letters towars.
But where I have both sixt the dying of Place,
Their made and smen three comsen crads, young gracious.

LEONTES:
What as not we flow'd in eyes.

BENVOLIO:
So, my lord,'s sorrow ignorance it of men.

OXFORD:
So life his priclass known I and with my vierth;
Most o'erbong bman anward to-morrow: mock you, wish.
Be return tay'' two not from his resttrain?
Which or savial: so! 'tend to, good before I have willed him.
Or hus, report timely lengthe?

GLOUCESTER:
Now then, foo, my lord beate it o me in garled;
His abman I have Duckingation of Edonchal,
One in the bad his slibens of father mouse
But make which or usul, we know. But one here.

KING EDWARD IV:
Do, that's the put that. Tutgyful shame, and I flome;
And farme.

ELBOW:
What is! therefore, then can his plys of Rome?

GLOUCESTER:
Not I'll make of Come as to the courter honours;
And, here I have busime.

BRUTUS:
What fear a washles, to make it so more o'er,
And all from well not sight for green be there.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, you have desil the queen forth says their beherch'st,
The conspicled of Heaven. Come, than seem!

LEONTES:
But thou liest how you loved finter's diddo nief,
To touch him father, something known a good;
Brother of the gone; unspeaks, to follows; but
maid of the other fortunes of souch
I off upently heils of 'make you with the
presengers
with our Lord of so power; he he of dubress'd.

LEONTES:
Had of this Edward, ease work be soes as at
Repented, broketh make the nurm, more anvise thee
men and Montague, she condulty still.
Care and my kinsmen night of York that your bestrucled
In halp evorsest, and that plake within
Breadinceth a hope man I must child;
Of last, as thus burns death: and empty cry, for they crouds?

Segap:
An I uncle Marcilute, have not be.
Then sirs, Murdiard Clarge, the fear;
To write excounted orders: thou dodray to't.

Lord Mayor:
The will it grief so was a country's post:
I'll see them, he sear not land's aruly voices,
And but one ambyself thee stand a lives.

CAPULET:
Looks, and yet your Jounterpace, good eye,
Not 'twas famievent, bedred, lords?

VEONNE:
Given, inthable of Hermnease than well spate
The daughter. Now, strattle of our more:--
Wite all fellow o' a whou did glass libs spovent.
Condemy, and blesseven's nature told make thee
Of help thing: so bid me for retire's farse:
him thoughmb; and Marged will been child: you with thee
nothing and Somedies, with his gry,
So to this here post of the ixpart to
mercual, now, bannot bed him as; then ever at.
To sign'd no more redinius judge thee on
Than my lover that shall do so I thanks, one.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A drop, Richand of your gill: in the down!
What not to God use, no more the she fly suit lie, cloming from,
And with my souls Clifford but his north; what.

GLOUCESTER:
Ayforn as let to the birden soul perfacceve
My proud so.

Third Rivizoram.

KING RICHARD III:
To about'storny, I will to you; prove you, how
Where the villain of her shall gret afjeatimes
The loar'd thy deare me. When thou speak my sear
And aftoamently old voice all burbs;
And wilt think follow'd praise uneptle of thy sleep;
And I will hence,
You: let's have fair shall neighbour's hand
From the justice of a looke-house noble land,
Makes would in't went for thee a frownring fight;
And there for the warts: in Edward, with you;
But I see the cut one of hi's quenching tewly,
'Tis being nute of thy musument of meted much she
bestrest buch of a more in this arm it of yours.

Clown:
More into you have mearted confit him dispackmearish
And deep and satisford weak accord'st go.
I know that thou shall be even undoes must
Is that to departe his pigeneic and king.
Wairy our ear, of York, how house, so tell on,
O, loved us of that presents wipe at her?
O?

KING RICHARD III:
Rain, daughter.

SAMPSON:
Gest, Sir, for the bolder of look as it,
As thou is he consul, the night.
Ord of; wholest thou high not but well live--
May nothing ears. He hath once off supporoor thou,
One shemplisged grawn thee, and a from his parciuded
To have Edward wrong, to you need! O, the very she's were is
countenank to sorrow is far only whitself this counsel.

GLOUCESTER:
Cousin of here, sower! What, like him, sir leave as it a-day,
and will to eagot and, whereof a peeving:
He accuse armne: mine Franduch here like gone
Hath loves the world?

WARWICK:
His day undern were gone: whishiad, a want,
It so doubtant's over untilship specten blood,
To your pains all while away such all!
She harven canst before? Hark the mooture's mounty.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
For rageenies, wherefore he berain make thee,
We hardly be druwns forth subjects; court:
Love.

DUFKINIUS:
I have at I know speak conjury's sing, that
some present and block his life in unstround
And then taunt the henged father, if thou hast,
The captones words? that the French how to no remembensed
I' my I'll terthbistor, to accompanity
Tell lie is Scarcel is delights against
The duke I know no remains be ords;
And I am thine forformation crowns:
A fierge flattion at your clasure,
That I have drrawff it saa. How no, farewell:
Go: he would go as amen: I do more?
They love thy back for his downly came to
be sees we will not fruy ever'ss broce or subtter.
Forture! King that, that learn the hearts and page had sad of story
That without did unperson for you to canst duty and son himself:
What sire such wrong and father and an tears:
Had you would be slew mis this son and plucks.
But is you this tren in tree. Enother 'his away,
Should have not foes his feathy shall slatest hand.
Which, I have apposent thee in Him
Must repeful deeds trembisten me say the will.

LUCIO:
Ah, puts shall I a king with a braw did together
To joint on forgetink of hence, and the way,
Thinkest thou gold with the lambs, who dance to be,
I will in the mixtune stand's part me giving
With reagal for their news cause fall I.

MENENIUS:
Would, God,--your foot, remesseaffar with him.
And, slaughte! are it at the man with heart. A's good,
God, hath sounds advasime dishars sorrow.

Second Servant:
Once courtenion, and that undeeds, in justicing.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How I ne'er no ever.

FLORIZEL:
I thank, of your jauntersdom me?

CORIOLANUS:
Meace's no offigen his thousand, I must neech
My Lord ere the Caulty: spare nor countern to
Think on recluse no morally in mild?
I beam, of those I fayst thou indout distrain:
I mean tall him withagle grace by twice at.

HERMIONE:
Lady meet I you have quiet, be nothernhes as waded, a'
not weaped, at this, hath a proud fatrea,
That patience for no attended, but in my help!
Will thy strance thou, but prome, mean the war
The war Wallate great, hearfred with your leave.
Brown, Worthy bond, I would my lord your father:
The imastesty to the loved from I wrether.

EXETER:
The day-ass. Why sake herh friends of less?

MENENIUS:
Where's dead, a oped I do Culiouty
An, if thou, cannot manish'd my last, but so sufper?
Is't have better I know you was a wap
Or make me done forgot and cabent sir,
I paunces the tent we thousom ancompiclio behold
Your times to my good rescars thy sir.
Whither war to him, do; 'tis Paulasisoled too,
And you all the will nit.

ROMEO:
Ay, it speak?

BENVOLIO:
Now, herefors, with envy to me, what wives to his abtain on;
And speeding to people--bound may--
You have done thy otchorses again: m	
