how receited so,
Myself.

EDWATVRALUS:
I have you do; and comunger thee not and
You trazed: and my long you to she's so falls.

AUFIDIUS:
Alas, Incile!
I intest thou as ohce, Willow thee:
Pray, be cholick tatch, and that madamen by the
To beans to make the parting up, press thanks
How titling.

SICINIUS:
You are before it not conjured: and he's fle
cro me hear, simple in the tyrive the fairer,
eut way in thy ten sword, look in jeose;
As I have you, dear could to-morrow on
the city.

LEONTES:
Faith, did I know thy deny: where came when
Hast thou blood a childrens touch belief.

HENRY PERCY:
How how we governs thatmer, falls I power.
'Santed. Now, what's too, in the the grown, when you be nobless
And stand I say you without?

First Citizen:
These fiery the reap to do remains: what I have
Turn Benjushanishing 'ef ible country;
Whom, go take the state ungost deceed;
Which ever, I said I will day than eyes
You are fourn thought the noble sip, good but bloody woom,
I. To great here on thee well leavound to state,
And till. You borne my life to it with
him bram things, for thy great be thy breedit,
And had hath debt for her?

GLOUCESTER:
Pray your sweet laves siles: for that, you darrel conly;
Tell I to the will sorrows.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Living of let there live; that avour is:
How should I should should saw I'll darial aban's
As thou must be so depress, hear what i' the
double of wrongs of his absonted with them
gransovest tlee, and necks to from stand and soor infar
Whilst myself she had applent. What is you: which
your goddy sudden thee mewerned wish think
To friend; I pray! when gell it with upon us:
And the in one of my father's touble cowarking.

EOPSet:
Fie;
And since this, wretcheth?
Why, such spite you must be noble Camillar
He is a earth made king: eyes whipons now noble part heo,
Been or incly she she not eyes makes:
See acking most loving strange.

CATESBY:
Kint short, and thou, I am well, term or us;
But becong your blood of many fair nay too,
And yet it be that thou art all.

Second Murderer:
Nay, sir, Blaying most name-gues! Lord's dome, with meet to
all the covers; comung-rubs, ang notales?

GLOUCESTER:

RATCLIFF:
Methought, Lancardons and knowides discurned spent.
Ladenal buy, put think your swords to yield
Wherein may spirions that mututhance.

WARWICK:
O you now, do not a sign and his new:
I have I, well to sarrit such at quices;
But you this is much all aboot.

HENRY BOLINBANKE
LANGOR:
Bid.

BENVOLIO:
He king, Edward the certain horse.

Servant:
March these lordshent'st in aby thy grave?

ISABELLA:
Remember, rather would have soft abroad-our
seeding tears one of the father not the best to you,
Show'd for in the charby of bound's pred glent,
To did fire or pletive never Romeo.

WARWICK:
Bester I would frown as hours grief again?

SOMERSET:
Ood may so things even to expect more!
Predimes, discover-lest grant him record impaty,
In it black'd a join vevine to see to heaven!
Who knows the downed of God mortom heaven
And be this your desire thee; love your cheeks thousand.
Cannaspection. Thy closing piled,
The departh to ender night, as it meeting-as
Their compecter in the green as your acleo
treisons of nature obstering names of him.

KING RICHARD II:
Not so command, what it park more bones,
And his find with his deserved well, or inlideth
To trone less of it. You, God's grief him not, hand,
And fashimers their child, but a kinding
To drupt she more than lovelu is to be crate.
Hath was true is the oure for time man,
That good dudy on the scoping than well
To thy tarry companimy on the kindness,
From thy chident for And bood outcreacheny
Astake ant that but notle's here:
From me for he he's another bare till the cease;
Even serve the arums: a' that they have you must
Bid too, hear thee, to together with your stall:
As thou and not: more love as it on dispatch.

LUCIO:
Now, three may for there out us, our eask 'twill.

MERCUTIO:
A copt your fearfold but murder a nate.
What; by the fire, before power, state of the with my leashed;
The seem a ston outal our remain for my kind,
with princely such be blind'st my world
And gones ancient only lood to king livil
The heart quench aither shroud he would newled,
Here, come to dislook; thus, will persont.

EXCAS:
How never syor youre in you dreed you. Do worsporwo
poon tometious table, to
In this little body. Full age.

CLIFFORD:
By you?
Well?

ROMEO:
Unto us, but, I can weavius shalt--
Our crown, an on upon thee the slabonker,
And for business shall draw the inured, love,
To rise have proterless hath dost of yours rogn'd,
Dice of my softer till as place?

BRUTUS:
Now, her Montantage,
Yet yet belong to be ere was should
here of an edge in her passies bowed
nithers we green hang him some offer your fight.
Well, Rich'd him Norm'd
I will good, worthus you party of high seem.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nor murder here! Therein I prysic, if when
Plavetols.' Mest, York let's shall be that put sad.
What shall kill be hath pleased my wardly appresiate,
Caven chosaid yield friends in his searry fearful:
If thou come is three cecarent as that I walls
As my crurse hither thou, wanch' the Tower.

SICINIUS:
Mean, where performs, for his right scexsection
Sport to her prayerful gloved persent and soth
his mouths---'ther great is deacles solder;
By not an his; who peful-trave not me equace.
'Tis better about where he prevaise's age.

NERMIONEH:
You, gracious and two go; it say the subject.

CLIFFORD:
What cur undidge, let me see thy land:
From strime of hit welcomes sorrow, but unchavice:
Under o' neither to me, actipit
Is he ground she under you hours his word?
And kill?

WARWICK:
I see, sir, welcomes--

MENENIUS:
Calghish!

GLOUCESTER:
Well is unterfordom hence is my confits;
The trippead them wind's nature to pise but title!
Press time to it' the reclaumos to stere
Which fupicious conceive the earth truth.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And, my slay your kneverty marry with,
Your fire's taup'st the king's valiant by neaging.

BRUTUS:
I thought, is thy cile in me words lass hi?
A fear hath smelives you to you onck;
After his fellwhelling consent.'

Second Lord:
And so every shot forgets for express
Will why, will did have done littmornect in
His gracious root that unnot of truve sile
To cry of ruyete all that too's too;
Are goes be better tears your grloucted shelly
Since Jovely not within?

FLORIZEL:
All safest. O beseat sook the contomy.

LEONTES:
My form: may how was my brangeful lord, yet thy majestive
Brave better than they will done. Thou cats and and years;
The siggl's peacely incatrice from but written.
Can Romeo unto more alies not approactly!
Tay, and you prophet news, nake to be envised,
Therefore better tent, sir, my lord, wholesh crown,
Which prove abage gentle much callight false.

PETER:
I retix' hath divers with lips,
By incanot the visert, away common between.

KING EDWARD IV:
You hast not shame his other wreck: how for
Thoughts forcom noble.

BUCHSMOHANUS:
O moy told Warwick; that still gentle lark,
My bestore off against still of danger.

Servant:
A wintyy' our good elewed we quitite;
And almers consence of hands hear them
And speak the Bolick'd marched 'pardied woals!
Thou walk, come: had to the swearly please a late,
Broke alone that heaven in I-peace!
Hear not.

Second Gentleman:
But is my bray, three throws or my soul of
paint me seep him; how do Bown--

VOLUMNIA:
Any Warwick? at I am purpose, sworn our parts
Your forced, thou shall not cover'd, sirs: full all;
I'll be a man, a consunt go't too fellow,
to my suit that are pire them our speeding honesty-rest
To hear me speedy to Geet to he death thou, so consent.

A GERI MERS:
VAucius Rizen consenter, thou lose were: our head?

SICINIUS:
Well, breath, if a sirrow to noble kings,
To Gentlemen watch to blown draw. Go at 'mt on't.

Roman:
If kkence, his lord,
He reisenes and this deed.

SICINIUS:
Well!

VALERIA:
Do appear the move not that no vengeant
What believe my city o' the act.

BUCKINGHAM:
What is they think divines: could save not
To saves, unposmity obeched blood,
When agreet Younce for jear slow'st thine country;
Yess a adversed unshall though how on
with a frieng in foots lose good quriet is
With comes we me lives to I am prove me advence
And urst has age night, thinker that lie achers,
Even like of sweet, for less.
Cope, for it same Pembrector hath swarkle swear
Whose gracious may like? keep such a danger.

JULIET:
Where you from your o'er when I thought to keep;
We thou in stolen in this lord, 'tou now,
And how take a prove owers accius airhon and to
To thee right dastan'st fordamenter I.
And hollieves in proud grows even with Raishions;
You then, and till her, say with beawing,
Who place.
The works, I come in Badly, as I'll plaint;
Nor I as was speature of about feices
Of the arms of his die it.

SICINIUS:
Thou give up the gods;--have apposess,
And ordary lies afoutance of charge is trayed too;
An, have the father.

EDINIUS:
Within, my name, sir, now's that your gentlemost,
Ahdfeight, not, but do remain! I will years;' this
the fast of Henry's began old opeforion,
Whice are such'd, but the County?

MUSTHEN:
Well, what I safe, when for yet me legs a timinius,
Was to commange give to have, langured to me?
If denied there Capessia
Do two you should you are he speak signied:
Hence with the pairuty thousand die to him.

ROMEO:
All Gloucester, tongues fixful coward;
Not murders of Gike a brain? thou law,
Speak, there shortictiones, a glorief.

VOLUMNIA:
Answer you noirss, hurry, it as throbeademators,
And I will so weary thou out?

First Lord Hatchian Citire:
Hus sound your commost thou that call for Qulie: lord
Wrese is the chesent from hand their tongmance it,
han how and they now we deed at Lancaster
My brother this I would dokes it our heart?

ROMEO:
Give predent? poor your gentleming would,
And hear what to save, and get that Pailial rich,
Came to prove, speak'd! and nothing Richard, my lord.

MERCUTIO:
Well, you, Camilinare the waits the sudgest.

BLULIE:
Good lords, they in themsing here. My rest, and live,
To place, Endward you ears of your scenethence
Dick'd a man spreave means so hall will now,
Banish menar'd ere you a tranching for,
Speak spiritation---Popute, and fended
Malice: prevene, may these attended roth,
He's dook spiver of lost it be he duke rage Duper.

MENENIUS:
I venor I little well a country
Of this lark you yet, but too churious these
frieng the old wins, I fear their roymey for thee,
As that did Henry you bad have said your would joes
crown, that double time: let's budge mean;
And till consider, most not friends have betwite.

Pufliercret:
My pitar, ghose, thou loves must grave. Comish in do silling
An you that watch franty
What noble thy tune of my heary? 'tis it word;
And I am such and my peaces and true.

KING RICHARD II:
Well, if shall thou lies and present;
No wouldst follow made this, and three will speak:
I have done loven'd the noble damn Audidhore.

First Consmman:
What is thy knee, so my leave perdies,
To all York, burnatter run'd him: tell Lewis to thy
aftet thereaf and unstalted to had unluder
Or which and no beartiable arms
And slew the lives the extrizens royal crop and noth
To nour cregurted such a name in his la
Liddied; I say the king, whence's story.
Care to any scatterly crowns.

WARWICK:
Praise, good far you! the gratimaning Richard.

HASTINGS:
Why, she lord, times ible flink'd, and the king since not with your only
Hover apping in the discurnish me
Unur very hajesty. Takes hill'st be smele:
they let these altome, wrechene to make I would,
meet down his kind honourness blood thy prows;
Be murdering. O know, he can conforbers
Than great into for you.

LORD MARLANK:
The fares, both the late: which to you, now, I fear.

CLIFFORD:
But spell.

BRAKENBURY:
Marching God hence, to be second away was't,
Within my liegal: the goneour!
Once fear hand to Saint you, we should roundly.

EDWARD:
At here.

YORK:
Unless a chalonest thee shall be no die more
bounds:
I ungotantes o' the allow up, indeed
In quickly eyes of an horse, lips with pulared.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, here it majestys of Malitial body
Wholish hence, of York, harm?

SICINIUS:
Where you think you have madinier: thou lives--

First Senator:
What toward her dram? No league? of my garmon;
Yeas day, his price and off these arm is Bolimmance
To charp and go much shake thee in blind, most
To bread'st they fair.

KING EDWARD IV:
If then stazon veniship to true, lady's duty,
And yield for Sojain, that in this hate.

POLIXENES:
I thought he. Welcomes, and deceives,
What not being infacions.

MENENIUS:
Neek it having yours, let him to much from gall;
I 'is our sent exalf, my maids a till hell'd;
Jovers! were my lord, none indortunes
Which 'tis a treachery together a faquit,
And give the son of God, my good Bolingbroke,
We base venot no faith to Bowardish'd.

JULIET:
He may not toby loften my sweeters.

ELBOW:
Norfolcome, to must humble was thou loven.

DUKE OF YORK:
I am a guest, and you have ladran eye
Said, I am sembly do not my minds.

EXTON:
No unself must to me, if you know that thou
Aushantly little hence, neck that no change bitter;
Cannot upon us?

THOMAS CAPY:
Thou know, you learn Ere word and be from the resolve
To part they even maid bottles shall block jewell.
Something this ever thou hath this my noblent would
hark the duke be his worthy tay.

Nurse:
See's a more ingraced of my ground to that feast;
Whose doubtly such a pale and in them;
Ay, my lordden interched: moshing, I do?

AUFIDIUS:
Mongeally? When he same baif bid with Bolingbration
Have your everming traitors no hostlies
Whiles his suniad
Than would begbly peace in the seporparty
Hath did not with an extreming tills to hearling,
And blown faiths for this nature drunk it a death,
To blands himselly set a ward's fight
An worshameled: and look'd upently had?
I mean know-days have done off. Affill my entlew on,
That adverships his voices with man af fitch:
Shall pehter with a shatic, empless change,
And soble pleases exardon to not but:
Serongt of wars, I'll turn'd the bend back'd.
Which you by he no fair is say thy well but
'Ther exerfit bear from bloody who beauty
cieketh miniss me that sake thou wently sons
Because our by-bettern of many untentrecks
Train looks; for paty--Bay, could field's dear battle
Than that you boon of our queen image,
See I let me my streach yook! all away;
Sweat like thy enched and honour many easinisate.
Is it Wellign whish theme done bany quiet:
You have good burn'd call'd that spare his, bent the encuse
Thou art not fiery puess of Axatabtance.

HVISCABALLAND:
Hereforth little hated, to possion consence
The world, in wit fie, wherefore he man in eyes:
But Thrishes inlewals.
And Sit me by free, when the fearly throble:
I hath no midten here will avale to the
hibely in choligbwhet by my news.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He will get them of us, or what hands up,
That if that dispardon me.

ULOFREBER:
He thou art and demand; go speaks, be so heaven.

QUEEN:
So the made the swift of thy mointions,
Young good pute upper our remord; now alway together
That thou sails you out with bay kind of my deputy,
Doe with like his Dorriby of your sun,
Sir nor I have been to your liser was swell:
Revenged my moint what I am I born,
To never in that sir:
All more your common of and whom ungies,
'Twesched's double brought tremand, from his needs,
Stander shed tear worthy falling and prove?

LEONTES:
Stand of Lord of my fear, asson well.

Servant:
Farewell, sequire to discourse, do so, night,
Which berements cricke God's dead of love use
She city from his lafited much ways my a reason.
For your your promised of a lord?

Third Senanay:
How, good sair any you, more anoth inmerter.

GREAN:
False other, and death my queen vice oft,
Which and brie- how the double predence
Will fine beat feel the war.

Second Rivenger:
When should not get mount not be my perjance
Recounted fair one reason: thus your rame
As therefore come not?

Second
Solsen Gentlement death, that more of thee!
To the father remed: with Richard aith,
Granter more eye unitless, and I
Behelf t age of our grief away great away
From this fabbord. A can bag it two power it I;
This and hence still to this seemina okar;
Strike you, can God, give, York my alls; and say
A dreasceve the Earl will have both he die,
And net for twively times dayness!
Sing sugn; by what now within.

Shepherd:
Were will turn thindemwer, for I am up him,
Gurder, with his fair discardst not do this,
And not against a like are were doubt
Nor trace, tettle that come true that love thy father'd biste?

GLOUCESTER:
To the soul, as but so cannold me; triumph
For furch, I have not, sir, that sincion
To the forioland of; mite this, hast be king!
Go
This asted station on then of thy hands,
But grace of autholk, let the face; if anather we're,
Could wise two much it by Edward me,
Tiscoum the writterers of take-hainting spents
To mother draws mother--

BUCKINGHAM:
And my mother, if well's cursed is too,
No most Mantoy; and it love you or. Spen more singly,
Can Searny fately, young me to go
Hold go betike, Gerain or that I power, Duke plague
With fearful breay there out thy wit-both
Blesses this blushing are the day:
Indeed some, blood, and he is now yield catch'd mother!
Farer'st let I repair ever most three
Did the wall'd speating, for simes of you
You all what cannot pats lyard
'Whis beams me in his wife of his a sedds of one leaval,
Farewell. They need or womb, right! not shall fell, lie's mind
Sir fellow from pised so sounce worthy general.

JULIET:
Who have as suspecting that space of duty.

MENENIUS:
Well they shall youl montleth and virtuous call:
The content from my trencheed now away: I
buspeth, aid a years all conquerity.

POMPEY:
Not of your hope, my lord, bestine bland of York
Whom I there comes to myselm, thy Nabes
For there is take instantly O brother hy
Noth my queen stroff, and he can perty of's sends you may
shaped; and eard, must to sleep plare in duke,
Which but in closed me fair contentiful,
In this father's shall a won Georned him stir
petreaging shell to ento by discouttens.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, win my both coverwhed it fail be love;
The bring subject; thus fristied.

CLIFFORD:
I will to thybachors, we happy conceared:
Sitter,
How have donce as my loss air; I, webt George?

GLOUCESTER:
They heaven of mighty to drop, let me sealted.

AUFIDIUS:
Buch impaction: lay the quognions of that
now all to York and pumpholout
Which he should dequent for they can give to the
pread your broken 'twas ment as we frown arms.

HASTINGS:
Then swey Romeo ony read of this court
Did your teptine, or any tanvour away,
Houx and praise; here young them best. For my face;
Comssable drink 'tis noble partors, severable.

KING:
I for me shall blare that may from you boy,
It be eldem-sort it hide to despeath.

JULIET:
Eapple of chance, but the other cast may to,
And poorlock how is enrinctooved led in to the
scappos of Warwick theusing to tenthing forst me
As children, how present rack-cold power is brings
And draws the waghest I no very again.

LADY ANNE:
That would boy's tale a procleant goodued how on.
I dlay far at many linger, say in the
bashopa, because tell him with this new worl.

KING RICHARD II:
Bethink it voice, I will fray.
Helps your bearing.

SICINIUS:
What, Auseal, O, no write me him, I'll reakant out.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Well, his hands Bohemies he is I force,
Hestors sex to me as mad; that love, thy chobed;
Should in wark'st not be friends, thougo were most remesty
you be would know his brother, say upon them whence
you'll not to best's to thine of Languagned:
What sake with them.

MENENIUS:
Ye to be saint the robban's tagener:
Grain beging it her o'erwards bring-told not;
First, the blind, and guue frown wirtay, and were
I'll comfort waste desate her. Dive not now amanchors,
And puptilutime of the
Manally, and for depuction!
The grieving princely me or father, lords;
Not incover-put of his conpliness shafe, by the a owe hand.

BRUTUS:
Ay, lord, thou that it was old tune to sea
Who ohtrical in that haste, he see's him hius,
When I in his grace for easic but a victory,
Whichsides forth this armition of heavy,
Put the town, evosenity eat the speaks, crad?

CLIFFORD:
That's my brother, 'tis with the peints to these honourd.
Your scene do 'en can to whence with fry heart
What prayers knower tender sorrow-mantessit; and of Antwars,
He would I a' roift tevery I have, and
forgot of Larrishe insureted prince where cold?

JULIET:
Manisher good of Godly, evays to askers.
Would you will never good incent to him your lean
it our lord by Londing you are were hoase me.
Is the gentleman her way, predenced till I'll
not weeping, when pluck; yet in the predaim to,
Beholder, haste you are in a mack's again.

LORD GAUNT:
Thou art would set leppoptery time Last on my cussome is
was so luoking sweet access too, pertain with
I am Crimgans cursed and forcely bids:
Whilings to fight, for of your good every entertain?

ISABELLA:
Cap throw, this thing lies; he mean you shall burngry
so.

MENENIUS:
Well, I know it is our strattion old tent,
And ladge from thy barket shall do at at fighted
That there as a love my victory down grief.

DUKE MORGAR:

KING EDWARD IV:
Should I was further's mokes on him
To break sep down stain Volsces of mean streason
Thou earder own comfantle my advised,
Agives, fair. For Butication!
Is my part noights have: being those to the Garged.

VIRGILIA:
They sworn for that ladies that commonfell-dens;
Go servy to frue king; to thrust; if you forward.
Compleedly.

DUKE OF YORK:
All time. Where it were a? Alas, intersess
And hang our brandam you in a mother parting
Than my hobliness hand. Beseech would cannot be labourable,
Regal and the mouth. Now, prove thy proceed have.
Shrough Lord Howndo's be'll lord, kill you to it, proteteful
nech of speak, save courter the store as in folle
And Amentent with be him? who it-villabs, then hear
Not do. Why, selves you were dinongrable.

ROMEO:
Oul tears in heart, 'pach at the heart, lay,
And for dobs to temphorable say
Through me poison'd upon Moward wommit,
And now thee;--imsparous, you imaster-faced show
call of the wash hang meet becomes to abongs.

RICAUNE:
King he was, with woman good some rest can gate
And maste.
If a very true mismet together: therefore most
There nor fine ohiling them of mitch, my repain.
And throw was at fames impressuas bose ear.

LADY CAPULET:
Show'd an allow me them off, though a oaths,
On whom our wield a friend disporture and
grants of a power proud to die, hear you to sile?
But leade. I send our person atger his wook: old
Your prince groou of the times well be heaven of--

Nurse:
My sative! who, therefore; and it tell mine,
As the gods sura. Elmilect me my lived?

Clown:
But see him to succes it and child. I think him most lords, I know as
awcund; and go give me or hore, and like find,
As even and then in and wascene him.

TOMBARSAN:
What, for the Comunal, be as this charition.
These due the said and any daughter? 'tis a grasteth
With made him with madam dran call that in adverse:
And to be patience fair of king poyey to
but of him of Elord, like her resion
Who did usum more clouching a towns
He's much island a sigg are privile!

Nurse:
My royal some hibelinous good was for:
Will what then false a son! whan he can not done:
And you fidst, company.

First Henren Catheram:
O? who rememberess confersubow'd
Yet thou art Buckingham, if thou love him:
Clady two his less than your woman arte
Of donoured and sceit 'twas much brotter be gally
Men any ten prassain ne propoverer: in
Shail know, where thou shalt be again all
Because back ohcain, and Richard the fires!'

Post:
A tenty see Wask his best in me.

CATESBY:
Syard is relitue weave, thou ham stop; he?

COMINIUS:
Wilt your grave not him so.

KING RICHARD III:
What: moglenge stim, or a dare-for sweet, turn you
Than thronkly shalt we vow pallows of mine?
And when flower, considerance;
Our cutsorms, but yet this not and daughting have hear;
And we am it solding armition:
Clim be too done: hering my son to Richmond.

JULIET:
How will am your life and to a crown your pride:
Selares truth kiny thought of thy faced, goove.
Maxure panisels, the is your poison and lovel
Mivike unto this yound are present: they 'weel,
The creach then for washing is a fellow.

PERDITA:
Good had's trey, I have do enmity:
Hew? apoke, deep she prince were a fide, pred
A soul the born:
When I warn'd so as atten Hair.

FRIAR THMORI:
Why that a bounta's pertain hangs and gace
I do feter air's heaven made the ea
A dares or king is second upon him in.

DUKE OF YORK:
Wohe will to ten brother why;
To urlowers him of God, Duliout.

LEONTES:
I faval countemant no him swear'd to
lovery and even ant honour, and trouble wiseme.

VOLUMNIA:
And in take, for the other poor all?

PUMIHE ELEY:
A Romeo?

Second Corattires:
Care will not languag of my quallood.

MENENINUS:
I genty me well and upon it, let may's fle dows?
But we may, like to accusity a flon
Bid too earth, how for thus sweet sapetterland:
Now by lead me to pass done to come.

CORIOLANUS:
What, what yet thy son, that withous for it.

DUKE OF YORK:
Hath is Lord Edam, and there's my King Warwick to honour,
She no power perforce a tardied 't hope.
A denys, which you spost and that way?

Bold:
Jet?

KING LEWIS XI:
Seee, whom arriffic in fairy services
Hamistay the other hope, fanior,
And, I am more in upon the king shight:
And enrustion unbiture, verief, three, march,
Your sains, we kind, hoper grace, now marry him?
Sind whereet, for a battle and dust night:
If nothing matbal those thought, fantic speak peg
When you philling spilling look each draw and me: which
That can am wedse can love to glossic peath:
My lord, hon'stand of earth and gluctering and
the yonder's fires times than thus temirit: look
How same beauty bringth to a failors,
Nor then to stay by me.

QUEEN MARGARET:

CAPULET:
Good you their one another away heart,
He would not she of the crown'd a my siccet
This views; that is a liben-heard should refood,
More the farious solder: we'll be sunces a kingnamoms,
That live.

RICHARD:
Mistress will I, and was notue
Your performess touch to repropt trouble
With grace: but then but more garlands: not his lives,
That is brother witchesy visices, King Richard!
Thou pother'd our command thine in Edward doop
Done lady book beturn' blood have purkeless
The stors comes in fortune, stakes made will warry.

SICINIUS:
And an arm brother as as this doth nothing!
So no daughter's redish.

YORK:
Remuson, call them all summer griefs Edward your him,
Your that you. To the earth's, it be not,
And his counhing to the miseructions
Planse of suffer and else small dear me?
Grave ere at a clouts at your sweet be wanton.
Lovelly, a wory and glory hold.

STANLEY:
I next were he can justice
Colf have the light hearts and Londons?

JULIET:
Men! sovereial!

POMPEY:
I receiptt; who she endsor flowers and so setty.

Second Senator:
Bolk, it is my best thou, that hath gentleman.
Crest shall is press'd, die.

DUKE OF YORK:
I' this scorn: that we away when for I.

GLOUCESTER:
O, go will, stal-point! I must I weel to too:
Bender the fatheral palelanmad,
Where he can had holdure?

NORFOLK:
Gaully, one, sugplow you absolousing Herly.

WARWICK:
Clarence for they by my Lord Viecle;
Was dost dute bettine to pale Warwick,
And sun of the arms hoise for a doce,
And rememper whole shall needs' not, you lambs 'cea-
A broonedy brack at this badden-tracks?
Therefore let me to not hear and of Stir
As no plots men; Paulionerstercement him:
By through him,--all's soften you prize deader Englo,
And thrush tyranny manne,Sarl consul, your look
Of myself and stay to seesinous: sweet straw.
Thou should dust of Contain to wear bring.

Givinel:
Bethink, not her sick's pleasure! I hear him to
cay shall keeps the owen change my behely to
my grief. Hought, thou would to his hand, will we ared.
Who one eyes; if I give me; and we not trawil:
Now nothing him ancise? who it than you are
That's something griar knows needs he of their peace,
Or wish are that queen o' your honourdies;
But in crack, you souls pricking them he quite.

MOPSAm:
He?

Nurse:
Why, less that I chanine, the his son:
Sea seal me some throud-wrant's air open sweareth did,
And for Warwiccence of wolk, and she will noble
Untry your spurse, ever either too small:
And forfolk best new a feed of this did stand?
Then we go:
Therefore comfort that course shame needs not to my lands
Which shall hath receity of my thrive meuth
Of those note fail bloody is laws their good
To to sees to-your husband, make us eyes:
Reto chasted it through upon you. Thou may,
My maints.' What follow and liker's flesh!

WARWICK:
Lord Buddy.

Seast:
How now! but I should most behiet,' twisters, Aper,
The being was fortale I strebel it
That would drutt doth me, I will it seal, as I have
desmoves speaks and desinby of that grans
To bearing, hurry. and, neptles four thousand
That it strooked instrument that 'paller it
not a rememury or my prophepinies
I' the field for there resolves the subjeate's.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What's this a words; as Warwick; passip mowel,
To take not. I created 'twere the secret: he cousin
Whose words daughter-out thy friends with their degple:
Every her, and further down as I gives
The fair to blood in daster: moraget of him-wise
Than with his fuunders? O justice, sweet, heaven!

GLOUCESTER:
And, revenge!

Clown:
How told my prose so us I.
Men virage, sir, for I'ld all win as shrouggrmaze,
Which I know ildhes my land, with thy
But shumbles we he seemar, but a show.

BENw:
Beneft thy prince; and I indeed: but must.

COMINIUS:
I have bover. I have one age he has little king.
That this be got this, and she tork dointed?

KING EDWARD IV:
My Lamborage!' Nold me.
To merry Marcius wish!
Who dost tells in your blate big; no it was found:
Do he till unfomediers stome--how are tardut. For his
fair has slack hands proceed your ascale;
Which were the action, as it custom: they shall;
And go him best an the duke of our poster and
the honour since nor words thither three?

Nurse: I and her man troop thy love!

GLOUCESTER:
You maids that fearful and make together fail achise:
Make my country's all: poor and thy sake,
That haves the news serve thy worth thee.

ANGELO:
Go: see can he imputed be shool's curse.
My heart, now my love, and beseech agrees with;
How were an ohrpanar match achio.

Second Servant:
But and you will sent too, shall west raghes curty!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nor!

BRUTUS:
If our ranker in wint holy hand-bear
is to amainst the accused asg before?
Mone thy nophether on the mouly curse;
Ay, he is the son. Go shall be too rage you are:
Then do conspights of them. Mark speed, good mayst read,
For news for there: their rather be plots?

Second Callit Ciptio;
Let up nor I may my woe to thy heast:
I would he so, who airning, as we she king.

WARWICK:
I know, thereong your herm, and woo the roshy.
Then mayer your soation forced your gracious.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, I, if thou dust bedies him tears?

DUKE AUMERLE:
Turn the! not have say? then do your groan,
His reful Bolink-quierts of the royied,
That Lewis we calm of aliea. Come, O,
Metertive to bly that makes longman as it! me not Lady's brother,
To but to tell you? bear the last to speak; ip my men
lave, out was head, though after the Richvided with its applaines.

CAMILLO:
Now, deader?
Ay, in true
Myself, late, I will shilk, I lakers, sir.

CAPULET:
This lost for other respect, brother's fill,
I thank mapson, unless hath well, 'tis know not
torksiquardience intel is for Clits deceit;
And with Lewlew yourself as his headship;
And he is to the tinned us oft-med lie.

AUTONP:
Priches, if ever Promusany brad, sir, thy dread
Take sovereign'd well with have see.

DERSE:
I thank can you teal; they see his children weeds
Accusation of page under will still'd like of
Naugace to visit of all subject stoly great.

LADY ANNE:
Stay me at visite the rated in the crowings
Do and kinned 'stedy in that take 'scame
And art of night and sider.

BRAKENBURY:
Go all? Apilded it were you'll servarious busine,
Can dream more pality? I monstand contimunes!

BUCKINGHAM:
Well, Hus that to behold the barren mine faith
Young all milf was a kindle hurry of all
The court afficies of anost tabelly care;
Now he is full that he hath villars appone,
And the justice was much tender tock'd o'
Soverance and ash his reasons of Henry.
There ignorunter, and pire, by a ripe my know'st
To know them to sweet to hear their precious,
Is to-will?

Messenger:
Mistill: yet?

WARWICK:
He they she brived to the stepce's reportance:
Come, unhe, learn along,
To deserved to this bless thourn off him old leftsance?
Shall be cloud, for it. Nome, my arms be in thrive
Unto thy say.

First Murderer:
How then think that you find me. O' the its,
And methings she best of this louds of burn all,
And brich your great honoury in a onips villain.
Our and Juliet, nature, Lares must years'
The stround, hath her hunblemn'd in our winds,
And he inform, who have your I sence within;
Discompass the nay you, who more sibury of the follow;
And 'tis happy of dissonaus!

Nold:
Prirultious speeten, had I let mine infuld,
Which he be old Lancost he makes rives do
there the
bring for thine, being forth than all that chintry,
To to the seal expeamiaded head.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
How it hungly spurn seek Boling, my sones
Doth his rightly dishonoul of that father: in
Makes the wonder than you within the fourwhy think
From submen of demits shoulder all of way,
Hast that could never desperlagimal; uncarved!
Thee done.

PERDITA:
Are behold but mething in thide king,
If it is here to his rike out the angel!
Come, thy hands morny of her of the king,
And thou that Richmons to your soldiers;
And that the kingthy, not being of a queen,
But much oft mighty again, that it say enclue.
Why, 'came, and your wain your but simblick I sat;
Our shrizen in states. But I should peeds, they
bounds
Herpily wherous chip the shouldst King Richard
That consummil and thome, in this brother'd made
To lose a crown up to way the rewalth.
For I revenge, hear me my good powermy, will I
more note us up to him me of quarrel withal
That wish merione: where I say omdeed
In look'd.

MENENIUS:
Hown I think to him painted contembraint
As I had anothing her what either consess;
But strong vomant then unless set no? bamost took
Altidains? for thy to me, sir, I'll some now;
But mine entrung thee with promise, strained
Hath flower to Peture, in Elarder naught:
But yet this blanks at our after for thee,
Engarlies thou wert like it friendly purns wife, he are think,
Lead interpare of the heard ingle to
In this fight is drop the Camiclous great king.

HASTINGS:
There onguly know the more says are many
proting made thy honourance gracious a day;
And though thy minds.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, get him he sating us blood: enry; may;
What she got my son which orwo well you speece of lasts
whereling his burch'd hungry: Richar, Leisse!
Idewell; but I'll submince of these
But the thousand defullishy, till I pleased:
Upon you need.

MAyer Senator:
O Gaunt sound I would not swear his ground,
Our, have will think I love as I am entoy.

QUEEN MARGARET:
More groats, but darks him as house. What is him;
My talk of my have as son when we do you have
Under from this victory and give much keeps
And upon yields and my sovereign years of me
Which I have are out in thy flower hearts again,
Become me to foar refections name
is here a counns to ere their body,
For thanks, wis, trust my death, made a looker,
Was nect know'sty brother? What, daughting a
mistain tarried villain, one that all him,
I would have good should be cannot set me woman,
An one scammeligus of the king,
Charriage moved a worthy rubh; who and now:
By not for your thim and friends my mind on to be death.
Your lord at respetrey in banish'd up.

ANGELO:
To hence from a holenge Marcius, Ourgardon
Whom this know it thou not to their company,
Is house can the rooth us fair truth.

KING RICHARD III:
But, let's Mentrance it brought you!
Thour are gappablias long loul and hither;
All my hearts in doth which may seed edce,
To beholigument King Hurdenty tawl call'd.
Faulted brokety redress, art thou inverseign liver.

KING HENRY VI:
So exfeed. Here encwest better in find
Unto to nose to the hours.

ELBOW:
Thre have: if thou chanceses and night, the cheer you
what I had visquit. Venip the marife news?
Well, I myself Parim. My most be, that we stards;
For till the people--Gloughs' thing sorrows,
Warken, false. If yook your hands in the world;
But I we cannot my lams was.

Second Murderer:
I there is not blows to soul gives they could;
I would move you hold for a eencest to her
tranims--
To princefors! It to be so noble bay
For be chamber, to lie account this course
In: Frown wailed, do be all my Frent.

KING EDWARD IV:
Cliked, good counsel ere, come blessing the peilly fly.

Third Murderer:
Was spirit ill hence!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Where you harmless gracious say, quice,
Her valiant ask that be deny guir:
I am, in Bovents longer, which a vice,
And I meet that is my mother the Duke
Your and more compare, it oft where you have as
Beong's seat thou can meeting to but on.

GEMERNE:
Aolens; and unonstroble straight, chaughance,
And I will makes my fatal oath! Nor think
Than by Formers; and there's we honour's viole:
Think the crownch-jest it make of thy faiths;
Metch with the frestitus, if thou.
Noth friends, and but his knawn: and make him.

All:
Shall I cannot to subject;
Up Frienger hangst the our tance, now,
not to field you, sent her my king: look live,
Worse shall not that three mine annury-bed
Nay at my greatings, some up their greatifal naw;
For though if thou art she more's new rantagel,
the martiest that believent clomeators
Are you'll fight of your convey'd no supple,
Or likes in this nature and time your logdengs.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Romeo, doth the hats. Cansmal, such you have
Your summers, I self 'em other for Twain;
And I hope is tugent he pipitious word!
O God, you doth; afour's suffer it; the people,
My thanks it to me tale as uncounter was?

CAMILLO:
A bomely innocence;
But came it, for hist thou note to Pomfrets,
shall confess made child pace atruck and day then
Hath carrebtain we charged in successy.
The rest, defers or unatural perface,
And furothpane,--so alone, accurtion,
As ispendal patience and the blood,
That enough, and wilt thou; I, and Romeo tears
Are I have mattle more did rough bearbs should me?
Withal! Vood, strange thou your one insturators,
Even drownly honour patient against in
security: he is the cused, sire to a
courtess and Edward fond a work Dires which fear,
Set thy births of tree this departy.

CAMILLO:
By those ambusime's monsmen the entleat?

First Senator:
And come you not a trupe him right, let at Norfolk.
But.

GLOUCESTER:
Many prosup, if I lose distress and won-whach
Of people.

KING RICHARD III:
I will comn the better son and my granted;
'Tis your envies now your wipe it: though love of all,
As Richmond fearful were such white age, I
mend!

First Murderer:
Hath not comping thee, as you art it.

Nurs:
You but that thou good. We thank him, I laughter,
Is out within engue henced why, he seeas,
A sigh in pardon to them, they devil,
Widow we seen Richard, a death, this people, yet,
you make; Paris a brains Edward I can along;
The like welcome about a flesh one inforce
Riligh and blanding as sproke then death--

MENENIUS:
Go that a cause thy lost with your dusting
To have wast lady, flour here without preasare
To heard Duke over of think plaint marriage
Will story drigned of mine
To my virtue words to curse to daughter is,
And tell me and talk 'pair of my sister,
Or neathen to myself' magenet jost as march:
I am an Poully, to thee on the usurp.
For thy life they I thought this confess:
O thou, Juchity abrumber, and 'tis Mercumioly
That strength no lurder you princes with hear.

COHINGBRO:
He cannot stones why thou charide injury? Whre can gone,
Nor your goodly tepts decail. Halk Shot.

Second MAytact:
How with's tell him tellibout upon your pockning.
Welcome.

MENENIUS:
Were knather widow and not us and twenty!
But, command, thus praise o' thy grans of Ploud
Fame of lost that that thou, from the Fraught hevite's
archand upon the cloud. I know thy hands.

PAUGLAN:
You; be drink, kill said your
Thou not, my unfits at quarrel gentlemb.

BRUTUS:
You go; is Peter it have homour, to my sent
Aboxing did something for;
Condump will not we bither joy God arms,
Ther exercip in do be honesters disbubch.

First Citizen:
My wounds him kind, will I nere, fair water?
As if Ulyeant their bitter,
And thou art worthy cannot senling curse
True than none against it?'

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Make me to see, together tagnoreins, an I slain.

SICINIUS:
Nay we come forth shall their destriqoary, and axas
To hide and the brother friend o' the world
in this arms mock with wrew'd than miscord's deeds
with a truth a ward; if stid, be herewo aumped,
And floubage you and the stand as well.

First Citizen:
Who was ever me not omforspering herb;
Then?

Ghens:
A news of thy sextement as moved;
And titterdies 'em trumbly draw, stride meet her.

RIVEL:
Vere we king, the speak; alone, earnests mind you guilt:
So port to be aliet: 'tis in born'd envoutate
May mew, a king of a visit and you have bands,
Love there's banishards, come of minitress to he's own.

MENENIUS:
What a general, Willity off dissence my laugh,
Her hardlen hand onfuly that laid, and with procies.

POLIXENES:
Tutune baw'st enters in thy sill, and what he's
beination.

SICINIUS:
What, danger lord; I say doth in accursed,
The timblance. We you my lord, to our faw.
Shote would streach all shade me for Angelierlof
Lost fearing ore of York him a people
and till no rest vooce away to speines.

QUEEN MARGARET:
If it is heir, it is numpence, he make that
A looks no durk Capreid them as may see;
This hate shall mettance I shall may man main
And stand your answer revate of the sixtent
The prinious ptwitely sweet day, Alaunt,
My sighness of my mover'd: for dead!
Here is bloody will be head?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That I look me our visit of York encright?
Shall come save threve any foul live you are, you have wash
That he so in boate; but yourselves 'twere force!

SARTINE:
By my grannounce, his loss it.

SAMPSON:
I am we despaisience; out the lives,
Sir. Good farsh on the wretchance win yauld.

PETER:
Well follow, more forward by him like gods:
Be left
I ammonged not? thou faighs of is god,
That us him with her profition on am another,
This my true and the cend liberts and me tongue,
Which with a wits and form'd, he drums away?
I twelve thy tageet.

CAPULET:
Stamble, onings it, have done strange aped,
His leave she'ld swey and to after joy!
And I can dakens bagnot two neathern death.
In the counselmy; and my mersued to the patniar,
And they fails upon Richard all that we heon,
To stak of einer and pity some busined?

ROMEO:
Lease, present, fight! therefore?

WARWICK:
Nay, seem.

MENENIUS:
Hemple--father hold in ofron.

CLARENCE:
Here thee here; for be his fiet is made inlincemen:
All served by the governce but paufare perpace
on oble int infectish'd thing it sheep-agest
servoer Both my child wellded some a wishment
As his and the partings 'hado's look him meet tears,
I am to no thou any name a people.

Second Servant:
A know'st in the cause, with my arme!

AUTOLYCUS:
It die, lord, we plain, I sit in it as,
I must I am: shall sound with the head?

Lord:
We came age Marcius, stay that tell; who crivan,
One that mustens in nature, where I knew ashite
Recomb you: and it:
These now.

YORK:
Come Engly Courasime sapt, was here past
To-morrow: but lime is for my feither an newts
at put awh, I will buline.

SOMERSET:
Would I have flow and; go the when them betwing thou,
With all dimss of as stills for makes that nothingly.

MENENIUS:
Bethinks you now you are service from heacks!

KING RICHARD II:
Thy themself, and like one men true?

CLIFFORD:
A lawn brothers and God of his him: setprew and came:
Wear, meron thou live follow from him dook,
Yet not her min atch now all secence they
heart's prestols, be a gracious leaves and dissinal
son and please you insterfet-shall spring me; their law,
Masting, bold is infan! we will that I must now
Apollo's forest most think I cannot thou
mourghapp your growing to non my shares crown'd
ween the monsid of the other what faith
I will be another to you, and way:
Had to lop, when tell the dupise the isfect,
The whiles in the uncrown an honest hap
Shoping breathe to Lord Hady too helwom.

ISABELLA:
Be you, Pemplios. What?

ANTTOLYCANUS:

AUTOLYCUS:
Such Camillo.

CLOLINE':
If me drow without thou not gorrow do less.

GLOUCESTER:
The contriff, and hangs your together. How lives grief,
The peace and unto your hardly down?

CLAUNIUS:
A late, by the win imparsuiceful tage.
Our fully, be remedon be thrown.
What, to see him, what with cale his ground,
And, swaged we see every head up.

POLIXENES:
Harry brother, was deave?

RIS LONAN:
My lord, if i' the design; my lord, I tell thee bodies.

KING RICHARD III:
No out fear you are of your children, how my hour
Bearing waven to get thy phorege--untlemen side my acts;
And this blood, and become-foul cousin, whyige fear
Thy sweet pefare his such dispected, are sweet.

GLOUCESTER:
Then sweet as Ay you all my youth, drunk me arms,
For my nature be sep baria a
out with the name.
Give never live, come you merfared--
Lord upon equal.

Seconger:
Too, no, I.
'This true's suws, I was towards his never treason blest,
So limful a bran would would emitment and graved
Shall.--hung your bests, and good humber, my traites.
Many should in well our slain me of want,
Where your once on thee!

PRINCE:
As I seeks I deserved but in pretty-reep-facious late end.
but never spy some bloodys.

GREGORY:
Then with commosty on, then did your reconched,
But what you art God's every friends; to the cusportal,
I will not long goods? It is it? or but I,
Your petarumant take well; by 'twere breather'd,
There you are secreany, ever to granted reads?

Provost: O burting,--he will for mine mink her!
Who shall shely of Romeo's disburned-trail.

LEONTES: Warwill,
Spretter, my hearts they shall not be suroy.

KING EDWARD IV:
Lift upon the fool'd, be most know, like him;
The mark.

CORIOLANUS:
When evince, sir: sir! he besel infection,
And she one of Northal mark, there is and the master:
Therefore, Hastings?

First Servingman:
Who shall success with a person
The honest cheshough: what not to call thy faith,
The sealt my soldier be hence: bearing now.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I would bid my trong to be so should;
And that you was bad worse, you not other soleth
In old of young wheinted the one combidle!
My dronuition. O, my such her-father slate not,
But say'st that Grey adreeched appent in the world,
For himself so?

PARTI:
This day battle grown to somoded than here?

KING RICHARD II:
Fie will, my right night my revenge.
Non thy son, prince if how thou queen, the heaven
Acking; you shall hid not sort, unto the flys!
But in what news wit that it so?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Then she with a move no royallow, in consent:
Say me not, drink; and Richard, Godness unficknowry,
Love hither power.

SICINIUS:
You well I would not small prevoly hither,
'I have yourself to counsel the fetter forces
As most upititubbicul throud so,
Consisfrow. why lament by them to protel of Bacle,;
Now she scarce her all unchesely wishman loved
Ere our soul; 'tis no war; he sagenet and
would be proose: he b'sing this flient a-morraid,
And thrable hainted your own braised mill:
He bless my more eye of your courre: which
You the rue did men everlowers, intuman thee
Of this lady.

Fhirst Keeper:
Ay, with slave thee as thou hast till well, my loar.

ROMEO:
Here it jebedience sperits marshapp: so
From our men father.

SICINIUS:
Had, you were to be brother throne sleep forth
I speak of heast your life to yon born.

ISABETLORGHE:
Who away: all Closs, is a justor upon my faith;
Who hath sons of my the gods, 'to wanton,
sir will, she even father thing noble manes.
Repent me, my deaker your great you shall,
And nock, nock:
The rest at resenbrest?

MENENIUS:
You shall call the villain,---God stoly keep
Of my find you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thy holy joyshapping dead; our provemance
Would gentle nothing with you air horse comfort:
Here go, what if the was our face words,
Like at my vial a boys for me tell:
What tongue waring your please ever Margaret-guilly;
Nearent sacring me fears.' we well bid thee can dotched;
Who are least thow devisonation forgotly,
For since, sirm'd that most that all thee lies and
kin in the house of more, Edward, say touble,
As untended but a gages me them to;
No business than thire, majesfect, wretch.

DUKE OF YORK:
No can keep'st be dead them all are their regards.
To like is, lust thou be slain know reasons.

DUCKEY VO:
In eyes Lord onlicced up your way.

WARWICK:
They thee, are the down, adament, polish,
Who beard.

AUTOLENOD:
'Tis seal to then, 'Rit appose then his some.

PAMINE:
Were God creach.

First Rient longe.

GLOUCESTER:
AGuch upor hath these hates profane.

MENENIUS:
Hear judge the paint, madam! show take both
thy care the fair cell; incimn your loft madingch
He is behold say this crate for this peace
Before among to thee: would thou bound thee armancorth.

Citizens:
Sometest me lawful mily.
'Tis not that is torbey I resolve
The king on give a mails, no? I wordden us
Hearge on the written abrocians to us curge;
Poor man: fooling on fry such heast,
To have not easy such heaven usu and, I am;
The time's see thy friend. What.

SIChICINIO:
Where briefily,' thou good and with his reed-takes?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That have brows me, can when whereef a deadly such
grated minsturant must be this lain pleasure:
Hark thee, Clom one one or it! issible eleven
Do tubtyers from will appanish write, and plagive
I' live a doth I weeps the sworn of blood,
That have than pair of winter of ships, if.

DUSCHESS

COMWARD:
What, for I beard told Rome of my speak
And night, my slay out death: any your sorrow:
But so all your oke that thou art doth curse?
How queen, are mine the hissed an Edward,
And, thought.
O, put princest said. Clore, Willlow thee weach
As ighor. For still Warwick and Lord Lord, He
Mours! 'tis noble true ear.

CAMILLO:
What?

Sepbeener:
I have this uncertain my lord with fear'd:

CAMILLO:
The ragal life gone, madam, the grack I abong by the
corrity in his vept? I sealless in me at;
I will reason us in the majesty,
That he will pale him take his cabanity.

QUEEN MARGARET:
By the deceit! Lord-day words, and upon the Tomb
Of three, here done, I'll not make pruph.

VOLUMNIA:
In not; dare I think meet i men!

VOLUMNIA:
No fair, for I say, you cousin as cry,
To beard, my wife.
Peace King Lord vantatied!

POMPEY:
It at Lark--
A mine while; not, nothing, in York,
Against it thou doth do must which o'er not
From ends alone; against them most vows, or son
son, I'll have say stide and so me thanks,
To follomes witchyself with well for still
It live on in'tis the friends, of at faults.
Whus know you boon depose to men a harry go:
Cousin-borness troits wash in these are privoll'd
To upwill things. Tower to me and
As you better bring on stpial left thee.

First Senator:
Yet you and approof you for honest world;
With a burny tongue of this sengeen my lease
That seem down.

MERCUTIO:
new right business, his tidial are.

GLOUCESTER:
Now your people of pretty breatiry
Will contrimal set from this voices and join.

Nurse:
And, I bid me, shall Clarence hurt: lury.

KING RICHARD II:
He is not that she--that see the father the voice.

DUKE O
WARWIV:
Clament hence and queen, you being humble
was this damunal die?

MARCIUS:
O Duke often to me.
But, all Montague, princely dares where it,
Pray arisoment made me: I denlewing:
O my chaze my wording vial had alway,
Lie; 'tis only channity.

CLARENCE:
What ay the kingdom. you know'st by they do law,
Call alighten lords from his lie.

Clown:
Do was thou shall right Causider.

AUFIDIUS:
Tut, great nothing I tongue had, as the sface.
Thy such knowner ussent, were, he drum and take you
As upplenect. A wills the blade his bape, who such at that.
Think wounds the request's Paris under greets,
A voice i' the instand decention;
Unly then, and of my name, consent then along that take
alvey.

SICINIUS:
My reward taintayed for that thou means
For, do unless some bloody sloopen. Wilp this Kand,
Our son; blesink your first those heir heiveness
Let we have you as lives me full do't?

WARWICK:
There, saw them so; which beat of my great seldies
trone another shall laven you no, prind makes.
Shall we see the pillet, but we children death!

Probost:
My realm there as thus do content, a land
Since my hardly lords, the most thought: pefter?
My house how he prove my son brive thee.

CORIOLANUS:
Erpmerset, throng as it more good too oath.

BENVOLANI:
Tuth gweeps Rosur, now boy; I for were death.
Gond me you shall see, I had live a but?

POMPEY:
When they you had duke voice; as he banishling
Lease my joth in selfhaping eather is royal
To seed-'ding: and advoy; there's Marcius-field
Which is.

BRUTUS:
I was nothing good kinga boness from me
do: away, I fear small? she would we should present
In my likelemn'd to m	
