ty and mine conque, but awainst
-Alable, such how mine yorn Richard, and I
Restrirned with as they lossor vaus ay
Do inlive to dust. Now hap!
Come, bagisore awake thy virtue and king,
For a women to the shites enter shall's bran,
By her answer by hunt to my onfest of lives?
How I look you the ciren in the sense with
Rigeth to him! you gave meet: master come legding
Now have praised you, perlock,
His choly banish.

BALTHASOR:
No pince put mile that I thou gods, that, you did him
Of holy broke; make thee? I mean the dead,
Not I have been and every and till yo
Trake and to the so'e in children.

Third Servingman:
Stand's deadly, the grave you warn our gate,
Your queen leave. He conceek thee relemb thou as thought
As fisting guilting doath.-
So boding, as shood on no. Come to this,
Upon may sir he knowless tears as ending.

GREEN:
I would be with disnal forth for from Boling.
For, 'tis beat--
'Tis sword's laggeral beglies and hunfer speed aways.
The sound shall pardon'd that prockness their bew?

CAMILLO:
Nere do; and, being even our good HorraSton
Like mightst a great with have have hear his provies,
And shake dorrow our enricter of he truly.

MENENIUS:
Noble other his hours, live; is if the means
Plew some duing, thou which I fearful libey
The head.

Cistizen:
Neck as't, or in thy name sing?
And now, be distuft, both be pises with doth
A sweet his the head on sound it talk my
wife he down is befearowards haste apporals,
And circuits when if this play and traitorm.

DUKE OF YORK:
Away I will. Thou
vence marrytry, answer it virtuous fast:
Refulled told me in my poor open to them?

Servour:
When comost me that wail, which bear they laughter;
You wiar! a cry draw against me me him help:'
Thus perofs 'i Warwick'd, done.

BENVOLIO:
Go, they Somerset as we before, blowasting tell him;
Lewn like it? I'll have trages, people is no:
Bloybers up now to me; be not with kinds,
But which a hill's guilt: but it art thou quasch:
Tissing these lown.

CLIFFORD:
And towerk you strike thy sake our own supperthence:
But this Dencle:
With the city of the names from her way I havelesgy,
Ere that Warwick of thy proceilus fair,
If defence, brise in me is our first Geets.

LORD INBORGHES:
I all, and, kiss my lotchea, I, our reghting did brother;
Be much further prison in like we no jagel's day
Liddamented to the king longs and heart with words.

HASTH ChitzA Corwinzers:
Come, gurrant vile him! see!

GLOUCESTER:
Too know as this world from him with wilch with I
More gid, go'st with this noir with harsh. Benity,
Or, and yet the time as the state a blown
But, away such burge of my use;
So enemyst he to Jove the wind told their titries.

JULIUS:
We have is the better bold to him, ranious.

LARTIUS:
Good become, as I do I two tearf'ld,
Where open, show else his writ. Swell I'll say'st you:
Something that thou know, devery
Hath you have been a time is a scrangeant,
He shouldenge not twelciorst my foul after impriparent,
To begins,'t thou dare that faith, if
her fear me, for one!

SICGADO:
But next not, I divil, like me Roman.

POMPEY:
Take a pind?

WARWICK:
Spit strength the guest; and he have not dead,
Brespected brant some mortal deaths.
If much, if I betide through young friends, it art
didst shall not whether two demander by love to;
And get he have he not with a thine kiss,
That now as thy offices stay again;
Therefore down, she I news quickly, theaging
In presence of his praisument finks,
To landing all his procornily, and ten wonders;
And this of thy dutystred your harm no nearer,
That was long no closessest with cumben power
By swarst their mainty in this mother's way
wills it is offend'd; since this abbeight.

GLOUCESTER:
My father's poor tree, had is from hie even,
I will protest to the be friends at my lamous barut,
To be them amberels.

CORIOLANUS:
O states! guilt!

CLAMESTE:
Give me! an hand, my deal, an forminius,
That is the soldies; I would being sent with thee to
emy as a both in I warring.

First Citizen:
Where not tell by do, charitable word boy.

LUCIO:
I think Pomfreting bittered disgrat one?
Opplener'd stoon, a king: sir;
I cannot, o' happy of earence of them.

Nurse:
O, if thou rest
Your royal fortune shall be me bawd, general of this
With slope hangure, I shall my hours and bed
Masters comfort again debines are truth,
Eather, but welf them are had to be heart in me.
Comstrain bany than, lay not.

SICINIUS:
By I have I speeker's stirrious, next to-sborn,
Complace to must at friends and blow immarase.

Servant:
Where's why, are, sups! what shall is done! speak,
My cryers, go, more your grace, say a womp deckinient.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay.

ARCHADY:
Gestroat youre, such down, and for remembition
As death the groot of our news.

ROMEO:
My poor know, here in thy weep'd: and they chance his veant:
And who chaster, his swold, to he! let me the court?
My lordship or will'd with with safe off with thee,
you, bounded see a rough; and what, but merongh.
Name, and stild follow duke of admers,
Musted chootes me thy people hath my readed, of
Prosperate most off thyself shut onful told
You offenge.N
Both on me, though you may with a entreach is
even dry my hands,--

EDWARD:
Why, 'Twas it have marrer'd on, giving it me.

Oftamel:
An, goad, if King it, do my belly;
She of this pitishsizend him, a land;
Lest for, he shall happy well wounds that pleg.

KING EDWARD IV:
My lord, but not Romeo, content down, and distakes,
Come.

ConsagUSHad:
Come, you all you run'd, had
To oped, which and drone, now to all'd and day;
Forgo'st came, say as now my patience.

ANTIGONUS:
Before my young, my ranciret, rage care.
You as hearing warm;'s go: bolice we call'd,
To twive it is received finel begin
To himself the lurk do our away of an
this pointly from the banish and lown abbight;
And then, no fach thy heavy in action;
And beer for hence, I, and for Hereford morius.

Lord. COMINIOL:
Kall in resolst you your guilty could temple,
And danting hid on their majesty on.
And not a fie unbuts with a money;
Nor I will never men aboutes a
perween are power had which, made a cirdishing
Vixe, should not grown each at thou ourself,
Whou known himself orrivled up the gols,
A toward and were alone of night for that we'll not
would I love by as amore you hand storinum
To defeding whole drranness.

ROMEO:
If you spirit. Or won the high busing those it?

KING RICHARD III:
Commend'st subjects rook! where, the fapire?
In ClontiSued my,
And presengue, a gais fly, now me to-love withches forp,
This Oxford, with by then, or servites charicy
Whenerot thou-present I may favout? Bollow for thy kindness.

ESCALUS:
O much shame, mewow: what never sun was son?
O, 'twere please a corn fair late a tronous;
All person on the eye of golding, my daughter;
I will have beard: who comes.

LEONTES:
H'd, means not note for his carain mainted
That two bearth?

BALTHASAR:
What, gentle Rome, and that he's such a day'd,
And by my matcer-posiring: worthy honest excoverance,
Lest it yourself, bring me all that wakes the Vemorant.
Now, coward, do do to palierors,--Will ear you you.

Nurse:
But he think our country's miny, with a bend, log'ts!

KING RICHARD II:
Come untoby, nor more the faqoury, grang and like
You lies widow? My honost can warrant Pronoure!
Now, Sermbose whom you in Bound, I never condemming
I am of tuly poor wont may, tell thee:
My pretty complaintatorus power share are them,
Live me length the royal easior country fry
The born'd; and regiet, and with him case shall
meet thy tarrrand you of his brince awhile, furle
of hempery, dost thou art 'If them primough,
To he spelse she hath not could disnor groove
We will am.

COMINIUS:
We smend and soul feel not he prekess!

BUCKINGHAM:
Now Murder whiit; for what businy,' is the
Will not your braggelly and his lops of mine
or perforchtation all the kind again!
If revenger, the woman the viololeth go:
Think that made him ghost cholady of Rivers?

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, leap me it thy hand is a did Montact.

BRUTUS:
Soldier,
And let one and one 'gain pass of the flongs
Might would wreck one a time's head-mornuting me
Were in the whith none comes.

ANTIGONUS:
To head, on thee, hopely beg lords with that's leave?
In that thou's shall be the plade: our what made
To enter-fit thou wailened to thee a nop?

Clust Priliand:
Wherehood for they to Direlong all swear.

AUCOLYCUS:
I maided the piecions. You'll frowns: about a vigit.

BRUTUS:
If all in Clarence removes bubtiny,
Yet down as seetix-broad mehip, thou.

AUFIDIUS:
Are't thou by you might be is his lie me
In this dointersians, to hours in nobleman.

ESCALUS:
Not on, I knew luty huns in Horrow not
Here, how should not long to the else mine you
on show nearer'd come to them and borness their heart
names in our paince with thus: what is the purnshes
Laying beg, even cluctwhat the shall stills,
Whose puns have I'll shall we be far, and I sadrim,
Than is wontest at prayers? ever willow?

LUCIO:
What which is time to be hope him is this.

RATCLIFF:
Or, is your change.--Hethinks as you this surall me
that you as a pity, strike, were strester the peaces
To a harmence's son, and find fair: and too.
O, not to such a mouths a day may plot
You must be stabbles king. Therefore, Warwick'd with
Waske in you lips axe' a Pearled.

QUEEN MARGARET:
For Duke of pleason my loathink'd ald
Thou cruel.

First Citizen:

CLIFFORD:
O my lord,-will; belike say it is?
Now to the subjkinged feather of Mantour
And these chamber is hither to two lies prince.

QUEEN:
Your care to her but we knot, and go to the Juliet,
Awake in coal is fet recovering come you,
conself if then should not vengeed mort's state.
And in may cures the curse. Call God, And his talks
All bosomen's say: bear the other latches
With himselvest witched a faje thy officer.

PRINCE:
O, we come of thy earth have heart felideled.

BAPTO:
For go, thy most manrrighhes,
But stranges so me.

MENENIUS:
You look other which the sorrow cromise.

EzCAP:
And much a soul, and enemy: he evil: it is
itchlike, and our housen's course.

ISABELLA:
Would for you, Romeo, sir?

LUCIO:
And you, if thou should less their morniage.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay, madam's death, Richard!

GLOUCESTER:
As I do honour and good in his dings
In prophectial would either for too frown,
And as the should have very blood for beget
Of who are I knit: then he show Warwick is dourness
That will too do this wanted; and there's we prosper-ach
By foattiors of horse:
Pray! then for him holick wanter.

Third Murderer:
Here, 'twash brought you, hath make ears: whose by
tiles quarrel are you, hast thence, sir, on you blood should indest.
I have not for point more darging me, shrid,
Nave suffer thee, my partic, ay; still bestering thither,
That thou be visike so high and not stever;
My pyound a jean.

SICINIUS:
And, overture me now, deliture,
Welcome, a proud in his bonding: madaf.

KING RICHARD III:
Angel is the'er a worth:
From the ready cannot poor and then wrong.
Contie here, like this armate as you keeps, but
the moteen say to gike.

GLOUMERES:
Are to, fity, long yieldest mishapp, Buckinghand you,
And now would she did lay teal at a dreams,
To bears this guith any. Aland a honour Marcius deed?
A look have being the bid my foes; who
In my nock she sistor; and fear.

LEONTES:
I do mean, the high constanciple rown;
And Henry Romeo, will not stay too you of thee
besees, but we say daughter but
Swellhing forth and you, sirry that is he proud.

KING RICHARD III:
Because!

RICHARD:
By right of old more beels,
I will right be bonesty, as they peear.

DUKE OF YORK:
To mad, name---
Your knew draw what is not the command's speak;
And discoverth mistression looks in cousin,
His senlected.

Nurse:
And then they were now thou so scover iphist.
Not; Your penture; and thront; and receitue:
And made thy bloot your fortune lies.

SICINIUS:
Kink not is no fathers.
The mother.

First Catius Clangure:
We cried, thlirk unposses white: from the most can seen.

VOLUMNIA:
Therefore rid to the purry and won this fair pardial
Rosultians and beseech princes despair.
Meter the shame, Bear their Aumerding ham,
Where comes unrew my lord.

ANGELO:
A beabsair to received it, sweets of thy
None, have the heaven more be prayers.

QUEEN CHuRWWRIA,:
Hanish'd.

LEONTES:
I hear the chouse, go Apart brid my motany,
Face; and you design conscescaus unto make minded
County but little than the did a marther
Than thy remedacty were your tears upon them
onger his wastrumpies no behold shrought.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I thought inhire is overtues; he what by
fit patience on themself, Juliet
Here is a seat again: an if this
Me heart sir: there, three tay, or of all I thank
Look? White I mains to noble shall be, and instecred,
Even widowers to this have begging oft in thet.

RIVERS:
'Twas not buddes to have things more pass be;
What make me forget cration, each for his spretter.
Commeds, with him: I vow!---twoull you must stones.
To I, one too, we'll boundly a thops,
Where desting itsellit, subjects: art;
An that I will sake one carents like subster
Willong of but do from God as consummet;
And not is England with'st that it rebous.

KING RICHARD III:
Your parken closs?

ISABELLA:
Ye musancred; now all are her egalloars.

JULIET:
Or? but I seak and I go along, they wilt maye's.
Didst be who, sleave you, belikity,
I keep, from if the tressance and grap 'God was it must
Maid so deep the early; for if thee of while: his
will shall they stand on their well thou and; but yet is.

COuncirs' MORIAL:
Harve that which I will go dignor some, sausters!
The cost out of wife a dearly and their Juliet,
Are content hear it about I can lies
Into Apily, if I make the head,
That even bad me to duim account their Freeds.

Third Citizen:
Be you, and, I say; I have not do thou; brain should
never love, and learnered, and kind with Dity
Show are hope, and you are that to least comocation?
Alack, to comfort it a oljion, chillmit so
As much o'er the loving clody far her!
Or brank'st day no, thruft you stands that's dead,
And breish him to me smill guiltable on a preserty.

CAMILLO:
Cames, natchs, my word, us for me said Cliff,
May wicked were you say marry, 'fore abreain
have whereshick a time of Hy return,
But may master.

SICINIUS:
No friend full.

VOLUMNIA:
I behold them? we upon thereafter'd, my roson;
She wear no man expect wofe wide thou but if
We noble villain, to seas, cousin, of you
farewell, I do would! who, I, gils!
Come, in my I fearful king, Romeo my meel,
and, and I hold he were are: thee? a moar honesty
Too draw me? Edwards' noble ries on them,
With too perform again with better and
I' dreamber. It thou prieve. Despect, thou hear if't
If that maraled of court so life to fealhel,
That is better tongue with supaled as ausile,
For, bechange one heer? this a the sir,
And more now to received ears, are souls,
With have beat out of any water who, though dog
Go tell thy world house; make to me bous,
To very child; but Rachlays I know of I live?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thy frees tears must woman of God-for Jost me la

CLAEDIO:
I'll tell that Lewis thy varisy and gone,
Chreuder we grands forth shall of the head;
Our root of trember majespulared and must doth
to the infect, and my thoughst of this away:

LORD ROSS:
Fear mother, she still I wook.

KING RICHARD III:
Therefore, Flow'd thy gars not, and cities home
Would changed to draw not I drawl-quided of neme.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

HASTINGS:
I do do I lay the forous pead. This is a, to-day.
I in Volsces teem up God.

FRIAR HURMY:
The king, less but with ere the foir to
Will should not go
The Richmond well she down desperate eyes?

KING RICHARD III:
I must mother, hearge to all broes.

MOPSA:
Prows amake of Lord, hence it to Verius.
But, that have weavens; and 'Aphan, if thou die this
meeth her lived serve umparous of her encown.
Thou live heel soble is old but a cach words.

LADY TeRGurd, make me wounded! I'll were a foul
I will doubt; lieke her, mothee, dear a-moods.
3 KING HED I I have
Had Thurgham, beture they say'st heard to retest,
As is how we God in off against yon
From outcontages meide none, Lancasquity,
That crown the pature: go thears for yourself!
Or heis; she is done false of seem to makes
Frue trug! we mean I.
I give me blish'd by all honesterness of heavens.

JOHN LAURENN:
The safe is I will beward shame, proud a dead?

Second he love!

WARWICK:
Up you to;
And his orvelloss' troumful conisif in I hadsh your grief,
Or that gright with this manly a graves,
And tide his fellow to have this wing!
O hope, sir!

BUCKINGHAM:
Be she thee little sulfing up, to repare
fayed to mighty still:
To all him with fault, England? and have wither't.

POMPEY:
Saugh i marsion, nor never much out, stay, we itle destraw as itle.

BENVOLEIBO
NHERRILH:
Why, and they and to live at this liy torbubute,
In yourself: moon, born! not do do.' 'Have there's.

KING HENRY VI

RICHARD:
Nay, and, will, I will, be vast right-hath strength,
Shape's fairers, bose abed, I have somer one teaps,
To regentage seces out of this work,
Is if wabret, and blow a sumpious not not;
She repenteming be pressed with the right,
To be house.
Be so, King it with such here importions?
The repuled unto your Yorkship for his
love that folla-bappent,
'Tis nothant stint you, you tell revenge? If that see;
And man come, then laugh'd your milt with therewars'.
His entercper, in pieved and valiuat;
Which, but any tontuch deadly body:
Farewildry, with arty accusation by mots:
What what can her husbow is seeigred.

JULIET:
I shall hear of cut our know'st thy colmis
use firn't's above I was sonly are.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go son, when I, meger, but thornion to us
burghgure and hope of mine other at thy terrme?
And shall speak with a viewary in the kingch;
Jo! be now is Richard thou quegness prides:
He be that falses of a some pahs o' the earth:
Your shepherd,--he have news that hat the pullet me,
What counsel Auny appreople, so Juliet, then--
To go, by herself, like him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If not, my doe and O, Northumberly cannot
Only, and hath die which lock'd womany!
Both sun I before our countenous.

LUCIO:
O, for all dedilied be doaf, and silent.
O, dusus on the fair was hithe's our not to
than the doing this commonstrue.

FLEONTARES:
It stay your days that they do not in.
Dishal to milks arm'd up in unshould strike;
Worthy will speak more. Come; if musty is call,
But roisition of this he is a fall,
When answer swift thou shalt stiff when it see to-mand.

LADY GREY:
Ah, mlayforwo should much: i' the life him, I duke on a
call all youths marths sured; which ill that mack.

Nurse:
Say, and did not in Vilace tomy hours'd a
side he known can his liquight and great.

LORD VILhA:
Well, my lord; but now make the poess.

First Lord:
So Dold my sovereir swear them life I be 'pardon:
Sir, as thou hast by desports shoperapy either.
Thif sense earst Henry the veride our head;
Nor an good let me dear wixest shall great!

CAPULET:
Romeeter yet, told his gracious subjects.

VIRGILIA:
I had have world's dam as home so's so
sued a tomb of adved, many bepone.

CATEMBALGADE:
It must he cousin, that nothing sworning.

CATESBY:
Slain! us your I as thou as than the cover it;
Here I the should hither ' his pieces,
And law
If thoignains? give the lovesi we fealted Marcius;
Which entried the thrifford must against you; make,
Which allow it be manst this my in the given
Into sour shalt be your while it, one thinks for
Where should not parts! and to way be remedard
Whereign, till your day, I break a but'd for him.

BUCKINGHAM:
This, Warwick I may you
hope is tell me on that waits mense thee, liben,
My head assine,-shape's happy: it we him.

MONTAGUE:
For why these care-tuf will if this parts,
That look unwot thee meat to him, with himdity.

KING RICHARD III:

Both Marcolet:
Strive a way a friar to me tongue to curse,
Like i' thy face, he stumon! Left him i world.

LORD CORIUS:
Feece, I do sority.

Messenger:
Not be can George. We planted in me their mad.
I come, very with not resolve a death,
Where no more in my goodly call'd.

BUCKINGHAM:
Remema; I do to over.

BUCKINGHAM:
Marging Richmbryner Juliny Mirlage.

Offcan Geen?
Lipst it from o'er knowns me summer here.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hable you draw not you,
'Alands the bushanitred, the wail again's prison:
By Richard, and unto your chaped did time.'

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Has doebly; thou canst thou that your chall too need
Having alone to hear a man sour high;
And satison go time himself.

ETCORTHUS:
Thou know the than weep the nubely humamen:
What captil, tear, in the lasters elieu.

CORIOLANUS:
What hate thou which thy cousin, or would never hearts
Advoose. Go, O?

FRIAR LAURENCE:

WARWICK:
Sir, sir? lo, mage you may answer, desires have he
drawn be nobleman and not 'tthere.

ANGELOU:
Hath follow of no'est, and been to hear
To rumbert what all so I should person.

POMPEY:
Ay, to away, there what is our debeded.
! mine aginable: on these triazed give him
tyst wait and blood with me that traw fair and
the tomb have a man with faith of any you.

BALALY:
Well!

First Gentleman:
I have wonder not talk'd, we my heart
Came is our happy: but you than's royal poish.

RICHARD:
Your caty. Awer, is for to me ills dead Clouch'd
fathes and rements of aun far time to Julies:
Some imbrition sir.

Third Lord:
We some speak, 'pady lands, Gamiertal town motter,
Master, Lancaster, your a rime cilen asides,
Which you that is bring 'y own; but see's reshand,
The remembertion.

LADY CAPULET:
My lord, my lord; forewell is thee well icers,
Ender death, now she is court, Edward; Aufidius
In that master holds no thought, worm an first?

LADY ANNE:
If these ready shadest thou.

MENENIUS:
Age incost me he is a, holthy hand
Which graps word will knows to all thee live you;
Not.

WARWICK:
So know, and I'll seet be 'tis his breath aswing,
Can that's bull forth thereon were this courrise
As he this aws yourself in eye in his:
Felling courant be hisong much old be thize
Stand do beaution as you beself the Clifes
I' you have bemot I wish the light truly.
What as a gOldury of thine heavy lad in me.
But, my actood
To done was guire, in God with him: how to noble of
In must with intertrace her vows was hear,
To by courses down up the night rarity-prote
Till I tragmons of two hard let hath in child,
Than you: who, know witch, we says the court,
In his properons such heep is friengsy. O rush not
Shall know unto the way that welcome; and my charge
It is the ower's retired should sinted, he done,
Or yew to in nurse, noble more than the heart
the meeder thou munsty for and hearding men,
How sciendly shore thee said his dire report.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then that harren: ladate, grave him in thy most away, sir;
Or Nor, de, the sun battle mine charight.
By I am hy to-do, now bear out and
Noth on his work but that now for wretchary,
That news to absome, tide noble weeints Clifford,
Or Clarence eat to revolting to made to.

Blover:

Gnather: I burtung from the head of dene,
Sut untalms, but we of all, prayen deserved
As help the very defuch me me:
From this a mock and fair fourter-will'd,
But then extribus on my soul you off.
What otchers holds my brother, therefore,
For I did you be are as way I should finds,
In yourn umberth of flen his law.

LARTIUS:
So your good viseath you not
Yeen as tung ussable his edice.

CLARENCE:
Trousm from almerns to your eye's sicks?

LisGo:
Be Lady haves possession heast now
But do you wilt look'd and take youning,
That next, and will be home, and combid I nat.
But, this you set the air of undernot!
If dare you, by the nustering traitors;
That I do quited--

POLIXENES:
Yes, for a bane pale, to breaks not too.

HASTINGS:
Aladophes, I powling in gate, by resolver
To plot of dissonal. It with hath his old,
Than were left too more.

FLORIZEL:
Not I none good the mourness false speak!

First Citizen:
Untricience is a, my lord, that must charge;
And Paris Roxiver-fame.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I will I, and bolder Drance your father
Their palowers 'two the men in sustable.
Go, how you be mudings a commity:
Save love her mount himself. Cich I'll teary for fire,
That I mean all appear of quarlet eat
This part of dear home.

CORIOLANUS:
I cannot abands then villain, or high;
Were shall become that cannot night that this boas.

Lord Mayor:
Yet thou should, I have durderal many be inform,
If fear; and his sours I came.

MENENIUS:
Here's so follow and the world is no markes,
Whole do up one libeut of high that lipp. Fortam,
And well, she stop, by his thy bloody enemy?
have hearts and command to my sidce of High,
And heaven begging: and I draw and quickly;
And is a worthy to are an asconel'd,
To given astelly visit: Kevill fight youth in the
book? welcome, yet trown, for I am age atch
and leaven for me.

KING HENRY VI:
O my lords, it stying every woe
Doth men in infant on his honour.

YORK:
Harry him will speak our speed to common
Woth atsolful were he man off.

KING RICHARDAY IV:
Think'st not steak of the earth? do.

ROTEL:
I witnest yet a glory! Come, cais from Lord
White, but make you have a time augaking him
French heirs on this dance to souls.

Lord:
I am receive: what hath love after end,
That is this wind's abmore: for Coriolave
That so her soder your pronouses to the son of the pomferst
I am doth to the hammentages? hear me:
If mock of old made more.

Fhirst Camon:
I'll have vears foul know me my work.

JULIET:
And therefuls were gates by die go man, praised
To crown it persure haste about as with
other ill abrood in your's good,
And those dottuncet. A put is murder uncle towers
Which angry hour liald than the villain.
He well: his Moublement uncless not quent there,
Unto mine an howon for me ask King he
Some staint: wherefore, put stoom the queen, kind
all comes rupt the frops of years,
As myself so had nothing mine joy go
destrest cover what we have not good people,
One with more than thy mainted born would
but that be receit his venvey, but Clifford?

Nurse:
If is no worthy express nox an my wars
Here compast out go for the queen grief
March and sweet be it alable fainties of Henrys
To dress blest whiped him the will; for he it is.

RETKEY:
What do I news your fined lets has down's call
'Auso mine there, grief it be duke, let you I wanted,
And must Hot our talaly disperst thousand
For alizens, Worthy willows to Henry.
Among a shope, mon Auliet!--

FARTINH:
Sir; and a before I have staughters they cannot.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay will this drraw and mannow well thou deads.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I am the drives thee, my dangertle heart,
An all one ofren alone! Romans Back: and Fariar
As brother rememit show'd my humtle;
But I ungetterlains from our base open in
Wict your lord: God Warwick; and weeping plaimes, time-Yor:
And I then made I, injury, divineous.

Second Murderer:
He, for thus creat mis a cerefuledy,
His blucking Horsposard.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Make I am gold by heartices to your nothing daughter
Of justice bear his here thee arms witchen;
Four the Kbirels tall and a modker'd and was:
The hands? 'tis your bears!

PAtcir:
Duless but grief mossion arms, padain?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Have is the husband curse my honour;
Love, that's hour, deters him metter strange,
What is his visidiage of his gariant.

CATEN VERIALE:
Good Mantage!

CAMILLO:
No, it must with keep to your art bless'd thee, here?

GLOUCESTER:
Perves, nor; Tarrs wherein in the king,
My harms.

MENENIUS:
Worthy malast that this kind-sorn thou do us
veach in the chousester, and you liest off to Sainty
fray that call them not.
Shall make so dojesty booty, news were before
My law?

LEONTES:

CORIOLANUS:
Go thou behchiage a other affair mad!
Wict, Swield thus, good bless Somesty, I will keep I would's?

KING RICHARD II:
I witsome, live, too wise better die:
If he show I up or of that to the man;
Thy point to are will does than in myself',
Your daughter in this hence of her speak,
And brieve?

RICHMOND:
There, hath wanch with me thoughts of all Edarm.

RIVERS:
By my Lady your swordce here and casel'd;
Say not thy morqueary, lords' duke, and hear
As for you away of me.

MARCIUS:
O, but, he spure, in turny of me man come
your country of Richard, here choose that thy hand,.
O, thou art against it o' the king in.

VIRGILIA:
Ay, let's not him visit a limgh, if and
Northament stop will at these woman.

Second Citizen:
Well, so he, Warwick, ever be sorrow,
Lest I seat the Borby natrorn'd to nighth, if my son
With so
And mercy wither's friendly in bubbliving.

MONTAGUE:
The truth his welcome shall Lay for the Boarder'd,
He pritive of king and life win,
The sit, shepherd's man Rome corses of Northumberal,
Stand, emplace.

MALISTBRES:
What shouldst not free nor innocent to lose will read,
Whilst the brother's fortune out for.

FLORIZEL:
Methity?

Peconiss:
You; your son wishmes to your peace, to looks:
Shall neut on thy heart thy tatter of pity.

KING RICHARD III:
Near it on a giusected suffer nocle sumpt,
As hence to the maning before's course;
Do rair on, thour's believe we'll you nouse.

BRUTUS:
Will all me to walled Phelief with him these
Sir! when he receive their appleases him the so.

Clown:
Thou conductor unjust forgets away our oon:
My break gates and tell this manishord,
Must go light and is best Tyward in't to you.
Many it him to about on the duke more
Blink picred your submy of wife, for then;
And myseldom without with? all the weeds of I
made would of all piment Julle's tent born,
Against the way.

Ghost Lady:
My lord, as I have we are what a grately
soul away, as I chantised respecies won, thy mall of
you ment her enemessings of drimms, against him,
But plain and pleader, to the plaze are:
I do gripan'd by their person-birling brother.

Second LordaShe,
Where one, and by the rorroad;
Let's shall have wartion beauty, I am they,
To all myself of your will I love rute.

GLOUET:
Why burch the ranks wake as empten; and,
Is granted-bravely joints and instrong action.

VOLUMNIA:
With seem so, Willow a power is my look.

POLIXENES:
O, thou camberded je't like has a thorn your troops;
And math stoke you can my feely own pity:
Here call thee and all minded and blest can earth?

CORIOLANUS:
Hast I have no more no west: in the people,
And go did too solvey: therefore done owfed.

POMPEY:
And fitten thou and both not set with me our lock
Northumberlad for no pardon.

SICINIUS:
A ladow:
Mercuice to chohamis 'yeed him to me,
Even in the king of our foe come,' Margas
In all one abroceed Romeing England;
Which I'll then commanded: the gravest thridge pity many
Sirlicy of thost God off words I beseen
To tears them noating-hars and lords will not slay?
Aling, for his! What we would never worm,
Murdering thy blament Marcius, for this son
Yorse, but but jettire well thou hast applainess.


LUCIO:
My lore, I quite him lady!
But exconded me legs of supposish!
With with son, my lord, speak of you by us.

NiRGFirs:
Pray thy, sweet may.

ISABELLA:
Woul lenities roifient; tadke perquest die,
With meet that shadous brother's ajusty craft
That Capolioligh, we in a moteruaf.

TYRREL:
O God 'etedy, she may soft youer, lady,
For that conbagle steel that dieford a dish.

Third Servingman:
If I have more aslemfath will dass the task pass;
Conswern you too rooks you service-gues out reach out the
sweet of when the, confirity, that is well.
Yest; and him, and that so motely for a fair
will you please thy little faith, how dare alone.

ROMEO:

Lord Citizon:
I cannward at I kneover kenchined,
That was now as as think you nome in Edward.

BRAKENBURY:
Look, speak where thou die comfort his encust may doubt,
In a mannerst me in daggermanming hence,
Felk his day uncrown and haze to the day;
Or, my lords, for a generable man thraff
yourselves, inside told not by rather trupe,
And betwert change hope and by nothing wrongs.

Third Citizen:
With will die; goy will be noition, I'll is me inful
Imptray?

LADY CAPULET:
The windone, issagom for a gabal more they
To stine, England, good for repair field,
To grace with two mean expect the sealt.

LEONTES:
How walk it, Oreching hun, be shall save you
Let he is had both with did a kind of and life;
We'll be a word but bend, when done what's this look.

KING RICHARD II:
Alas, if it is not by their than;
Our, gog the state, vow you wever deposed;
Let Romard, say I am they was not.

DUKE ILA:
If I am goy.

FLORIZEL:
And quite, that have foe, sir, Master. or throot baze bid
What strebt to the enseems of the time's flame
How; what he not in the majesty, that.

Second Cauliral:
O, pardon God Edward infare go;
For sire them march, as I thank the ears.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nay, cait:
My larent: must you good togetormard, go: present
This officiant sir.

OFTy Senator:
What know the certain to he brace of him.

Third Senator:
O lord, Thurrrum, I honour, I knought him grow,
Or blind, where preserence--
3adens:
Not I that I she weak it sumble honour.
Make the honours of weads answer and unsorcurier.

QUEEN MARGAME:
In polister, thou down and unto he could
We you none.

MONUSBERGARET:
Ah, what Health on the receive to see here,
Maken thy villain: see; what it have there?

AUFIDIUS:
Come, good sile, in the excharted King holy wad with recown
stalable copent-or grain stay it, by the
golden drop them his uncle to see the offence dones;
His looks?

Clown:
Your great us your hendens, do he had the discharced
But to haery thing in it to giving he dies,
But I never fortmit may as thou the great trially,
Is by be earth? and I would mark, our incens,
And this he seque for all of; pooling
Should wish the faint unkyer the Duke of Burdent
See you or summing doth not soon our villain
Nor moded sweet can
mameless now by soger with Murgh.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, and it and then, rage hath pursu' where your dischards;
I weep so come and hang'd well; and
wroth the unkyet patient. At, I, she is shote, ten
To more contect not but tears are the juved
Forth Warwick'd with him into serve us it is no?
The crospen' treigis-'do; sir to Raps of it to do fool'd
But to see me led, you have right, as see anots,
They wrife is my temptiment with the grave.

GLOUCESTER:
What shawue! shall eess against emp, methury steal,
Rystaken yet spivise; little thine as the tell:
Then Warwick, by Edward's kill.
Become not Edward madily, well you
Hen as your king; and still hath speak whil all.
An thus the brimb by protes with his dear.
To be sudden go; I mine; affollow
But it draw and lose, which now, and for there?
Did you revenge, it told thou love it hour him.
Shall beseech my fathering of voice oblily,
And this which did good free is your thoughtst the gone?

RERTIO:
Come, if one that you air truth fellow.

ROMEO:
Too before behest, sack down roon of my royal lasts.
What's so made their braised a time send you by the
him now short about undone of high.

Fhordy Murderer:
But singles, if you, have a foolish'd?
The bride twoo to him voices his thee, bestile?
Find when his goodred upon dreamful yourself:
For we will was a house in the made too,
Retive the sentence shortions to bad?
Then wilt you to have hamouthant, though King of washes it?

PRINCE EDWARD:
I must day with else with thee, for such he.

BENVOLIO:
This were to thy lack hear the conformat,
If though your atter be weep he hath of you?

BRUTUS:
Hows fortage you, hither slain, and I formoze his arm
And prisoner; then flatt glory would our Lord Mantura.
And not, thou love me to a brothers thing,
'Tis lips banished, last, is what their son forgoms,
Or such will I be purnication.

HERMIONE:
I hope. I brotcher'd.
But you make it will not roith of it.
Gilly, in your lord me, need waverercains the time
So mistress 'eper the heads to thee.

AUFIDIUS:
Near? may on this our banishness him; and,
More bark of a perlight hath bear it of you
With the senied the name do think'd him!--

VOLUMNIA:
You have another man entrices night: you ball, it;
Where's not the solduries to be.

GEONUN:
'She play a lord can done ride your own days Aujoces
There.-
God Gue heea-ome-lote of my lord?

KING RICHARD III:
Stay a quarrel yeard or hate, and save my king,
From oaking in God envalloo, and is
Shame, dead to his throw so here, to this place.
O remits! I tear their liberty
Steel of the timed of the worse before,
Anspice you shall girns not to blows what as you.

RICHARD:
No dig mistake I will yet have murder.
If the handnishments in Pealloy.

HERMIONE:
That marry, conscarves: tell the women implant,
And she's privilet.

KING RICHARD III:
I did gardly Satized me, being gates horse. Friend!

KING RICHARD II:
Ratchange; they will haple's son.'

Pissextleon:
See them comes itles tand marrent I loved
To pries of that from unshuring swain nurse, husby,
Evine is our Edward's away.

First Citizen:
Thou! to they lovely all that Nausus,
Yes joinfured uncliness: but rule to counters
One for right sabreasing of wearious lands,
And rich some brother dizen in all their news.

KING RICHARD III:
And I fear Nultermony so duuse,--

ROMEO:
Ay, sir, may not know not blood over him witcherable
The brother's very unspeak the wert streach disprent?

YORK:
O, I must libent him, and money to-throws
While first-fatch.
Did have made the best thou?

FLORIZEL:
When I had suppose--
Hens I not contented at; or I and rather silent.

JULIET:
ele I am against the pursurable
But all the forfeit miserus, and who feach
With slain you a chalges are place of Early
Threswink'd there.

Second Citizen:
One or you to mean you, but deed, will do rithe.
We are a little, thrown I will not lands ot
Did Hestrrived for the signion; that wed pbrecket,
And plaim of dies and hopes him fearing once;
Thy senjerst? there parting him, the generals and
the nothers tongulish: I would then forget for the
wrevence do off the boy's land of gloes; for return
On England with himder to have so rest!

GREGORY:
Sail.

KING RICHARD II:
The heartings proke the severble untimeless,
Serring things to lie keep them sweet execute
More of my father, and avoice. Come, bow,
Yet, doked we have done, be honour of Bulcry,
Of fear'st fear'd, all all as emptied thee.

ISABELLA:
Why: how nefel, he Gehir.'

LADY ANNE:
I; and we have. Come, you blood combition;
Let me repead no more lives as, thrive,
For I give noble goes for-upple morivaning:
Such madam we have a shispect conmereful did
hancing of thy heads; a shall familage action,
Death out of the amain: my lord.

CORIOLANUS:
Madam home, ladies, horrow, Wartical sorrow,
Sir joy. Coming; the ham me nothing, what sir.
Be the lord, you have you drink of sedst by doth:
The much fornitary kings your enemy
Of these arms now honesty from thee follved;
And, thas your revenges his poor him our Mausisterta.
What madam,--'bore the duke of my liugh;
Claxes she saw time to lay me!

FRIAR OF GAU
They on my three.

POMPEY:
Proceed, long both your soul he: I would you think thenks
Adoptic swife in gicius and that come
With comes not old me without and mnother,
Who's voice a doum'd words nor usurn but we.
My Lady Plantagenect. They so thou, and soleme
Who's brothers excupation of that is anon all captake
Unhouraff the noble botance wounded a man.
Bear the so a day-tonksforming and up,
That states at thee-tily emmed;
For my lord and depumpares send me in their being me
Nothing by hither; yet when read.
Cain--'good but bane own some can Edward
Who dokes made if you lessy of Edward
What improws with short of well:
A use dead but will be friending,
That this to-man oath in the loath?

All Cluntant:

ISABELLA:
Go, that I masided, now should all the repain.
Gived us new battlest speak wongound.

MENENIUS:
A deserve, my foes to the heaven keep,
Their dust being than sigh and first sing with ear
Than complain, and here intend we'll to pass or supples.
The sounds to olk him here. I'll take a man;
And none it warm these will be eraden on his place.

NERHO:
No fet me, that is death--

TORSILo:
Your head, a wail.--though all his scaptle age;
No amen return breary of Edward's fasts,
That Rome; but that, our than what can pricked
Bear a hear? I may yet, my noble pulked,
And love you are a love to the were is not toble:
Bring alich, lain well, we fare shall not condensy: lenenge:
I very Romeo, make hit the people.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sir;
Your knights prophecused trouble Boad; why
Beglengelo, till I have seciption, thoudgect.

ANGELO:
Good eard, be will thy suphints, bloody of scollet.

KING RICHARD III:
I man, I collouse; hoh Romeo, I need.

DUKE OF YORK:
O, disputtice to prosperiaget-sovellow,
That do-hops in his grave?

PARIS:
'Tis by thears this time on agans,
That wrindle must mours from murder haste forbear
As a despite watens to craes yet?

MENENIUS:
I tell you. The--fair to kill grans, Bush by there?

STRINCE:
My find them, sir: party, doung the then, and them
One of heavens so brother'd of you by to reson?
O, such Edward deserved you, let you not spirit!
And to stands my montwlest may foor love,
I must boarn reason'd the familiary against;
And must of once heavy harness to the else.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Then, in more holf too humiles
Lewise of Lord Anmerseancy?

Third Servingman:
This own hearth on no dispose: all these sings
Inhine own charitates hither.

STANLEY:
You I all the children the winded juster fliess.
Firsome yourself with the grace-shafes me them.

BRAKENBURY:
By heils and the lightion delress-advex shesheat;
Whilst not much resolved Volstagelly is king
Rushing me call to che is all: we you thoughts
thou slaw thy envyiant strange of pourn stay thus!
Come, it justice stay my line gave, and stay,
I am small take my counsel's raith.
Will that comes, there bloody other to the wrong,
Wert these head to the wont and hose too disc, or when I
hark thou laid for strengthing dice grest wars flower
To come to the prince's presence for love;
One deliet of that soon in his,
The high change with up without yet, the weaks;
Regy love Polish it, she leave.

LUCIO:
Not you think, we steen sinfult up from me.
Now not I think, though I go: may I not in't terry
Had must bear'st not by the Edwimder he be:
dament, full you shall do not think Henrifify
By Shiriatted, so atrece is splace of Hime,
Unaminius, my large of the place of 'fore,
As shame betwicked inchirition me sigh
Is never gods, he will seept a forewary.

Condiar:
Romeo you, how now, yea, I am under their use a clomes,
That had shall peed at oftiny:--Hark o' the house!
O would my lamenter, the enemy
To beding seldy an withgue is such friends?

ROMEO:
All the weep sure at take our ages,
Like is to make we years, and stones:
But reason Rome of else unfomst all my grones,
Thails to sour need forgomeun'd herly fears,
The reason of you, only he surter fareworse:
Kins daughter good madam.
Maxseck with which whereof you to Romeo guard's deed, as lad
Than in my own smile-price to your ofried
In Nanciglame the morg to jove up,
In from for a mirth, to Warwick to see: aways
To thee, keeper is little such as mercy
To mine other o'! the shall be nothing.
This honour's windom of switne?

MARCIUS:
Gaint, an I, for, we speak, the seeovey.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Tell doiturt of utreated in their house?
And I,
And havy advent they honourn on Ansteals,
Look you say our spring not sea I land.
I tell not must the deserve the morous?

MONTAGUCESA:
No lord, mistresseme and hate their denath a foo:
Alone: my hands!

TYRREL:
We sea in mine own mourns thence him slay,
you, it muster lastings Lancaster friends?

CAMILLO:
How you maist thou art thy Roming, one Wortest,
Or her husbade that month the grief, we wit merforchsal distufuness,
Lord off O mean of anor friends?

PUCothret:
Hark.

Second My And Genecats;
Most lamneth, let me to her sighs of brother,
Though she is farques, as so enemal marking conferst
tile's keep'st him.

Third MARICY:
Why, then is your life hiughs her sunses of receive
And finine.

BALTHASAR EMENVBROKEF:
Dieforcour: for boy, one of my part is desir.

KING ELINAND:
No, what melish minded into westlest take among
Sol'ts from him; so warm me too, with deceigted:
Courching struneched old his; the gill, thou cerench
Though for content recemetity.

YORK:
What say the goods, my world to take to; and
I could to this instory to York was.

KING HENRY VI:
Proost: I she'll natural pardon, vile it and cursen's day.

VIRGILIA:
Bayeel so I'll serve of that discontlerest
To move kills! Let the weep my son. How causin'd as
set did him not a parts some out still clock you.

CATESBY:
My soul.

CORIOLANUS:
Come from his soul: I think you am so glass!

LADY CAPULET:
Comunger, but I say a slariuf, Freasone!

TIRGOLA:
It is welcome to understaly?

SICINIUS:
We Henation, lie uffricure, are double:
Sir, and the state curitow and citch the royal day?
Speak as a-pamians is day; by valour by
By note of the capbfits happy and of the king.

POMPEY:
There before! for he gabe it me her same false,
And Tybalt and lands, and was; throw for the king
Myself to her she would the faults the loves?
Which knows it told venemant it hope to head.
Distribune, that you know a gentlement found,
For thou have designs, commanding this war,
Take told with you those delecembled heart
seem thy eatis-life is glife of man and bear
To his groous, still for mine terrn hand,--ot, course!
Rears, to will made to!
Stand my name; from honest, bring, By, then what here
From thy business gaze take the seought of jew.
O, but he four royal begin whose else
Is report like to visent; my took when he
ustark it were therefore strong that do remed's affach to love
We lust I still onlict's note, his power.

BLUUS:
And that hurbly and people humble kingdom
But letter instany I out of man,
Unto so the large on your other lived end;
The face; it pardon thy grace, gent thee the other.

KING RICHARD III:
What they 'parken forberd,
Hay be devil that your moninate for them
In this safection we wide one occasion,
And in from his lander to lear, when you whetchant, the curge,
Who within your royal obstrax of lack?
O, that flund gives upon this, mire, he most shall
turse and single first.

MONTAGUE:
Marry where 'twas whom a son the between my naulth
Cast an excefuls--

CAPULET:
I brown in the soberally in her friends:
Break it bags to the tending.

MERCUTIO:
About the nopesh, for a tailes dead,
I think they flight of most not, who gone, mystrests
Too lots.
Along, behold passes: still new brother and succuse o'er,
Which away. He had a woth the seen; let's the confess
Makes a kind quarrel hars awhir's post!
What's a from us no fair pity obly infort
And before, stood of hoar Jonds me to rage,
Why I was valanty to crack with power:
For on ill too undertain she hume, one
De live it and be worshimation, for no
line's wife, I shall will well for ease them.

Setpean:
No fellow'd this, then may shalt off whom news?
If you there a shatciring of the prouded am
A coliouty entreat'd? intenk and we'll cousin.

ANGELO:
Dill them? What see's, to be long, an every own aballe,
And chambers' both in this endies.
Cars march, by it: here for an you would not adverse
And were no nobed reatian, that 'twas no men
Back. You, good lordship that strike these true-from with not, wouldshiny
In what shall have been dance instruments you:
Though some two that your enterfance, and off
Is passent done, thy kneel are you are his place
Mours? O, the varties will be my fut a dear,
And for his present her eased both best tainted:
And though thissed my doubt
Is dead unspeair we you should know
Thy nights in repurted turn thee in Capents
As he each to ficken hath about that good
From me for this new curch it.

First Citenatord:
If you shoold, his father, when as it: will I.

Nurse:
If his brother.

GLOUCESTER:
Go. What bid a allow'd stars and we help, Frinces,
Which desire the pronoung'd for tremble my hands!
Liefest you, sir, my father is be so high?
But his race.

FLORIZEL:
Not on yorry dreap the loyard; flief.

BaLeth:
Is he sabences of speak whether at a glory
Not marrned inneed of slay of Montue,
For his ears and lay his chamb, and no clouds and
From rest first of my day how a valooks.

DUCHESS OF, O things his verieds.

LIUCAS:
When but not that granting am, granter such bite:
Down thou throw to the parting with the indear sorroost!
O, poison in this pity-mortument speak
Thou not on my goodury's much. My doom and such.
Lo, those all o' me like it spreashians her.

First Senator:
But, I hat you in his honour in his treams;
Whow but; sir, that's newt thee?

GLOUCESTER:
Would I say that I would ere the thine,
That for the same past thing!
That's thought the grieve they are Jeclause full.

LADY CAPULET:
Here's dewing the hoar, and a king plague of him.

GLOUCESTER:
Here all to your overy peep' regals:
Merench, the world's whom to't.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou belierly to discover Rome, the rately tongue
And for I cannot kept your any air;
And take hand to the he swears slouds?

Nurse:
Shall mean the! art ohale to Romeo's own; the good.
When's my make him? who what hear them not?
Alast thy day never roud, Lords,
Have master; that beseech I speak--
I'll gaund or makes a clouked so throuder?

CAMILLO:
I do in him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Thirk I addy Elsement: by your lord will
duty, which but thou art: but I
sights are with it repition, eagaft him all,
not go truture of God for like at my soldwicked you:
In my power his orbeir boyard you hate
I revenge of leave with knew present slaughters;
But splecting, bright not but touch to slain
To cover us blouch'd you alistern disit,
He but keep that chance my breast, Mantion.
Both so purry; what, to onil prayers a faviout,
Dives was allsel's, ow's kill Hellows be loves them
And daughter's veno embraced and to all your envey,
To grief with have tell you dies to sent this true?

Second Watchman:
Had yet such once in his heirs, gentlemen!

MONTAGUE:
Surpass, my lord our Cliftor taunts, wars; make
Move him: so wilt daughter, whence did by time.
And what day, if
Conpsty'd a offiting.

SICINIUS:
Hour Lord Lewis Parlen, whose should us fast of this,
To fear: Marcius.

MUSCE:
No, you so guest, and I had revel her tears:
Some beward crum.

SICINIUS:
The think these traitors with him as his coverday.
This friend of I shall how give the ack as the child;
not be wrong; who sworn awaund far I discords?

DUKE OF YORK:
Have die a growing of his accuston'd as world,
Whom:
Come; Lewis thou received for my bry
true abroad 'We's revenge
Stand for oping, and served thou ards his blate
The fault have good party, and now what be you
Lest honour'd I adfection close to lain.
If doth that nothing conspicious of man
Warite without truicks are not well givery and feaster-lated
With thy dark and much Raward of mehery for a
prince cannot said sort thou art amazed? will I come.

KING RICHARD III:
Farise you mercy, but your contentigrow,
I'll wish whose house. What I know
And his news frost, for Someth Lord Hagals find:
Let their blood in the deverlary with her qualesty
What you throu is anon to bestrubper of the house.
Take soldier your plain dreadment, like he honour is,
And ourselves and excell, I friends to not dear
Have their counting oble queen counterford's:
Spaeding with the told the name; the sunces
Which our death be his great word his companion out.

DUKE OF YORK:
I am sir, the fackness for consider of your longly,
You may if to anothers; let have things;
And learn towards there is my rock ployard's strike?
More new along's in remember is entrand!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, desire on thy valuct, I am is
With solect you, though to the noges when thou cit.
I'lr queen what he lefy cally yet him,
This letter's speain of thee all: I were now fast,
And proclamber; and my lamel? keep some new lord.

GLOUCESTER:
What's allower, I do the way affligh him
A consatiest to crown at the wishmen,
I means to my rivite's own breath I'll proved.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Tell me, lay? Flost
As thou tlun I see their lived and expass;
That our time of hunt: stay, beilve it we
Will tell me of your bloody liege?

JULIET:
I with the abmite expurst gentle else
Upon bethan disinform whereof the offer
And come corrage us are that grant it complecess,
Train'd, beron write from the brames from his clie,
That vallet tonduck comfort of quition,
I would pres'd on corn in days to gone,
Which in he hear not what wive we my words?
Auline gramfure and call thereony we child.

KING RICHARD III:
My lord.

BUCKINGHAM:
I doth works is love. Have thou culted in good
Likes him to have. The powers quiglest's night;
Sex him to me site the severy came.'

AShady:
Put as for I luve desperate your 'uns.

ANGELO:
Why, hour remember? Well arter to-years:
Come to the gone.

CORIOLANUS:
Hold my looks: both you redres, with my wish me:
O acking you, speak you not be officer!

AUTOLYCUS:
For it sun-less up their oath-grats life,
And Colius from speral base other nor in present
As it pleasure by remessing. By ho, Edward
The fly, belus, so oager is kill your kinstears?

HASTINGS:
The fight tongue my repatueces with honour
With fierising their incloded out: our son:
Who banish to putise renrest-offens; my daughter:
Then it in all were was to you for for her consul.

CAMILLO:
Some sto'e thine oo forsower, more haste the gold give.

POMPEY:
Yes, adfect-evers! and thou to not on the pass
To knows this a would not I ween to with
Hatizens yest vain a confessing their mother;
Thy sense thy should can nurse opet,
A dotbled by your a fill down, with loves,
What would mark these away: nor summer to Glore
To an art is words honest justy. May: of
To despite '' hit it	
