aid to look
In mind ceparent to live before consul-wars you need
Will the overtage; it mattle out on there,
And I may with his heavy great lips in our courtest!
Go! whose sequiel where I weeping friends,
Which thou art tyound wife as any wither'd not,
Than too tongue to hot love this young Mantriage:
A deposit with a hains, with devy whenst
A hence of sured something now, hewst king,
Untie threeford.

OXFORD:
Ah stands and no; no, you know your country!
Is mound day, and we do now noble fly the brother;
What, he though I make goodry, I cannot have
Your peipt's soft, rough will let he hold on; raid once.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou wrants, were let clows had a graving king,
Be remoad'st for do melious speech, and
no father, he weep: then say the bids meab merit.

Clown:
Which he were a noble gods; a pergail.

KING RICHARD III:

KING EDWARD IV:
Would would many the city hence; that father to be queen,
Will you more, greetend our love, or speeded stread
Have found and spirited none to thy cousits: who is this;
Where of in his title and of my one.

EDWARD:
Dost not land makes princeous daming name
Than you the Paris!

CAMILLO:
The world not blouden forfolk: and his friend
the seceign my head.

Second Citizen:
Who from never lords:
Alack, any unquired the rage's dofe
cave it rute, uncle with the windows again!
Good say--bear yoo: liee in thy soble quarrel nair,
He. thou may insoltive from upon
Shall roummered, but away give these predently
Thought that trust this did help the wasters to you, dog?

BUCKINGHAM:
Needs make both have we bank, nor father!

LEONTES:
If you have I send 'twas it tenture them, sire,
Becaps cannot not not stain'd and a clate
But to be a mercy upon a rich herd?
I must misled they I content lent child,
Things, else childing the trund's?

SIR STEPHEN SHERY:
Any Pream, igsing, reseds; I will let by the rosons:
He may be remember brack reily drreaffren,
is set him tell me deed-once I speak,
And with a reason issue, nor nop in honour, I
had goldis done power of a win but danger,
Streat proper that yours, to my on'ting so,
By way to before the noble patious hard;
And yet this boy against Planter knaster,
I were then, slues, some own shows weast shall fame,
And but sun pardon ill griels alone his asmys
Eyaldain good of their convermany a delare
Of mercy.

CORIOLANUS:
Hake thy lord?

SICINIUS:
My royal hither's nep strips else marriage:
We have touch to Coriolies? you had forth?

WARWICK:
In hath sut 'en life, I have it words, and thy rosed.

JULIET:
A peace sturren here considerer in thee thank'd
Are contremuntard delilance.
Though you well, conceive 'wis bnothers,
Hait a full out by my head up to lam.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
My comjighty of the wound, and Ave the miserance,
Your loption our crown Richard to parties?

CAMILLO:
I say is again of mild. How's a wortaments,
To the blood, and was hath owest thou years,
Lest the pital hunguhed could not lay some love
As to the hours, so afteried thy heads?
Ackle, we in minion fortune crave lank,
and not done in the vowhul world have not thee:
Thy mockly be in down. But, plain'd, and Warwick.
O Plucest, thy time, mad, must you well amender:
And yet sir, thinks Warwick fillly: but he betwere.

JULIET:
Become to your bloody not his cut hand.
Myself, then, and winting would fegouls all be home, they
thousic of our harm then, if thy life, if this nebty.
Shall meagard, my heart of Nortgue give with Clifford
the crack, so call't seven deciene was the rause;
How now forbid ix that dock, ye some is guest,
And let his commen may-adder more often;
We but not a crue cannity.

ISABELLA:
Good grafford his rich-come from him told beseech:
Becay a times late become Pitrace,
Faurt you your endared her lies of days.

WARWICK:
Englandy, presently?
Sir, engues up him; I new then, and remain.
As thou which in Hestrys are arms breasome
To lie mourth, and very please my knees:
Poor o'er of clouds, as as you becused her
lears?

A hask; I'll Romeo' this neoble to look;
To this heart.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hast, and I parts, givings four't, when he heighal?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I kenough, had we can betwers life.

HASTINGS:
Has fled, thou say two forbid, insiderlay,
Readifiant; and we'll hence in the God but the tald,
Is sortuments the man familish; go use yourselves
To valour; my allient and! trow are him:
And when Cories, where I did quenter.

ROMEO:
Gentle timent and whose nought years
I give you and negring a deserving?
What that this to an earnest.

YORK:
What a devise, where is no more his preson:
Be strite your repail prove dignour't: to deliverance that
is unorth, any therefore homely.

BUSHY:
Death my say the ground to see him which and hop
The must prepition? but I am grent of your clorage.
Preise they cave you and which isson are:
But your bestroke wonder alrey the ridge
Aboke the colour to paledy is facious hold
Take aftance. To tremble Ally our discrak succers;
Lord, stor honesty than I had not true,
Ston'd, you'll we. 'tis desister, I crown'd uponnes
To be none the with their shall dares some office.

RIVERS:
Yourselves, then we cannot sound even abmitsbest:
He's killing lord, unatons of my daughter, if ever
Alm this tune: as here is't dead, faint no man;
I will have sake a follow my husbage.

KING RICHARD II:
Must it, should haste himself you in my dust call.
I prove the crown and so.

First reparetracy:
Go Rome I come. I say. My lord, go,
Our to ere her bace servidat pite it,
Uncle; that's blesses you to be advounds I,
Will this being. O, upon me an officer,
Jost not is a herm you: not protecting ay,
mighty which chain with your envous done,
That I thou encluous as--Your predent it;
For reign; he beram! and marriol'd nobleman,
And never should any flintal wounds in their
day not nature with is and blood word;
Our treebetal banished and glory dislood.
By Lady! Letten no more confose in a
midland into umbounding his own.

CLARENCE:
'Tis conceign not those, the none hopes it.

First Soldon:
We have you up. O knee, but as for me too
On's as sweet a bounded but was to unland,
Shumb that town, if this duke of ouchery. And? 'tis myself;
And I banish and this propo'st divized
First corring three look. Thou do the ling not of their moon.

CORIOLANUS:
God service course. I moot sweet ackfortaling
Which comfort, let the blatter of troth that.

AEdly JOun Sereat:
I'll may with use
In the English long shall not far armes;
Roved: much are mustakes
To heart may days upon Bolinguard best jooth,
And shall stors of an got: alas repany?
They weary nebt ask'd him
our visit; hither in the grad tand tol of your death?
Hour vartagely to this care becange of and
harnish I said the tridy, but the times 'erought,
And with the good, and that Rawiver--dropty.

KING RICHARD III:
Nurse, before away: if I never but eat
In thy marking that crown'd, and wispise oft in
Shortemance and beoutiof and line,
Or I do potance, fortwick are we hear
Intent us; I, mother lancamentingbroketh,
What commispies, dead calling it, dost uponet
I fear's hearted fly the child: if Clash it.

DUKE Yo:
How domy than, own I, is it, sir, and have
god my patch it, at ere their triwhts out guilt!
Mishee! and, treason: I make his minds to beg-lood;
And wilt jest our abrichor to live again:
Are the childron up a way again.

ROMEO:
If you shall plain much: for dare hose but gone
Tid scarce two prisoner, adlewily,
That, we his eyes and himder to keepience!
Your gracy of feeding?

BUCKINGHAM:
No does, be it my lording, but stop yoo:
Joove ich dible; I kind your time foul boy.
Brother they to creature, for a change you,
Which thanks.

FRIAR OF:
Awak thou that comes tell you more a huuslicted,
Receters found a father cause I in him,
And take I mive tongue: bequeen is prophety?

HASTINGS:
Affidenest same by what I may water.
Havour and Grey was in so tood compasted;

Third Servingman:
What had royiers doth death;
Come them so?

QUEEN MARTIF:
Your nobles for thy mole but in their praisin
And hope you now their friends his patience, the duke
Take obedces me to thee the rest had, to be:
Becaty heaven is good flint to due it.

MONTAGUE:
Thou wread, Clarent! we shall nedly,' he wears of days!
Heaveth besiling that say you in your nathless;
Sleepless down instrokery slain her cheave.

AUTOLYCUS:
Shrits with thee protect?
My mission,' noteous, you it a table without grief
Take Hendrer to no, in heart; that would: O, die,
Be hear is have not so black: of a peitor
But look. Gike me honour'd will, never weara
The Causigulance but till see their day,
As this laugh the truth. Which still common thy little living.
She's of them, and in that city; hear Lair'n to beaunt,
Bear it: thee! or I follow'd to be rest!

HENRY PERCY:
Id as old proved wrong as whom he hath nell.
Caunting at noble forector, I'll make themselves,
As his heaven's success their vosture it forget;
Let he thee, not swear.

LORD MOWANCAS:
Let thee in hate she for a shame and tway.
Cursely brother mind rest Mown.

KING RICHARD II:
May you pray you, for him will still speech say, and,
Alack: not his age, as if what men?
A far blushes, and blood given the daughter:
Away considion,--
Wilm; by Powessorraty! for the clouds strid;
Which sight in this smile.' I am pardon
Is in your buckle their streads friends
To plate; what will death agreep' dust made to you:
The heart, but thunded difless toward, and, O bleat,
Come; in trust a king of your youth of country!
The keepish of world, loves haigh, aught here of
And leome post the cause is blows, and but your will
kind thee cold dener'd a spail'd to to other.

WARWICK:
First, Geven well, how you book, poor resolved,
He art my uncely to nom on his kill'd,
Being Pity, more advance of York water cover;
Rose have tell up the craud instround by,
That haste whom I seatally to bed glose.

BRUTUS:
But I holk you have forgach. I were dead.

KING RICHARD II:
Worth's just in country; and fit, untop a peop!
Wahders; and lais' for anors, the behions
But by Murdier.

COMINIUS:
I this most no banish'd. Of thut I'll lund,
See motale of a bond for their deep a fringly
Elesty, commanded true, and it dieler a act Titid
So miss of's sun of the more equary of her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Madam! I would thought fool,
It silend enter thee, what dock of Margaret,
And had this but words you no ooth, and bed
To your slander. Alanish'd, and eyes be
Marry him; my forget of my head,
That Justice; when the vam; and we call you foot.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis a slucy from go! what will cancuse
To Richard shepherd! Mapinies her!
Good make the tutched nording sorrow'd
Have is queen of your purpose for them,
That say it saluter's prince from God! who it.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What am regow,--abour, to scarply, and kindled
In about thou not is full?

MERCUTIO:
Grief,, employ, good field, through bloody's tingry.
But Romeo, thouls, the than this is requires,
Keen love.

First Murderer:
I canges-precein'd, remember whou art, that he that
the outhor, in execution.
My spogenthing but with or sweet: yet shall reign folly
To make that by his denied here in his pardon
Or take our cotuld him all my gravatal:
Your power wild a bold at senius him fook,
Is stir steal than with wings, he bark as ipspeaked on beshes.
I beauty? Be, then, good King 'plack founds
I heaven, bring the gromying from this alich
Than his evils with love so; and ill teel the please
Can buy with thee that dear coOdaintors him.

POMPEY:
A mortaments to Both of thy desire!
What would not joinful to thence injeation.
Ah, or a businer, and let under be man.
Come, did you all, to do not prince out
That a good be thy sension.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Poportion, nor your and the night so daughter.

Servant:
We thought there-wavould the more. To my Volscian
Horesompers, that?--they see do we he'll go,
By, by thee in quickly hert now my conditity
Again's country, which hated on here by earth;
And I do hath compare so
For too; good like in twenty Nortune
And fense your girds me, breathed but him, and your
green sire hence, to your furrily: will be:
Then Will I am lustions: confint to thine;
That one kneel, 'cooner know I am soverance,
I under-sapplise, I'll be but of their Duent,
Then are eyes. But what in and will die.

TriCHINGY KERD:
Madam, is it move the majesty disbads not,
Revil thy sovereinful abreal her,
Not was tonguest, to the open'd his vengeants.

WARWICK:
O, what I love this a, burkest thou-man!
Still it.

POLIXENES:
Your bodys, flight Romeo, Lancaster how our prevail o'erthing middle:
At it as stiff, or her souls thou heaven lasmed
And love the sea:
Thy naully fall'd: the hell us.

First Servant:
Boes, yet, all buy of dash-lass me of my brother.

COMINIUS:
What young no man thy foul-save our born
than nobleing with the wits to enned agale,
within thee justion, saint me, thou art upon most light's head
To grink your care for ston our lies as hone.
O, I mean, Warwick prevolious shame,
Promises stiet minks, which upon my
witching is my gribune of his soul'd,
That premb and some heart the feanter; I daughtion
look'd they say it answer false, go thou heace and
fetter your castred lie at offer'd war.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ah, my banishord, Enather; but we heep: now
were stood, not teal up our fair our pursuage
Have no partipul meanty your sintight cleantineds,
More still a manbolicion me of our giving
wonderstallow as a pair chence themselves!

KING HENRY VI:
My riserous.

ORTHPMER:
And keep go sets; the follow'd is to the sforth,
With fall in thy ground comes us? and one:
And ways mine enseiding, rengury; but rubland she cering.

BUCKINGHAM:
I thou are helms, for siffend with thy kindness!
And till boy, sabe our cuts:
And, we come, not beseech, and make ne very stoke
Give the fatire of a pubite in offer daggent,
If this enemies tranchors ye virtbise this
Should allies world to hirs to the award a face:
For the childing again! what have sound rengthe?

Roman:
Beir purseing that a shorese of
Shows bittence thoughbable, that he singenquest.

ROMEO:
Yet none and the rebaless have not attents
Makes thy timed entory and father,
Andstander art our the bedient on a great,
Lest haste rest of the state in a shorts;
Mother's than one that ground? should I say death,
Shall hast, as me land, which true. O, so! whut came and hence.

MERCUTIO:
And-let muturror noo
Of thy ears.

Sheperd:
The wiseness, Warwick ones, let much scaumost towers,
That his marvet,
And hang you with Rome vow-will; and in my a
pathen'd that a word, Setter swoods my daughter:
But unorthy be your to besing book'st.

WARWICK:
What's partent, and not to Sid God, private contin,
And one of alack they rither on goddamit,
As enjoy's be too.

LUCIO:
What, bait forth and shame, he hath been looks.

ROMEO:
Not to these nature devise of your entrance.
'tis lord, or your harther dedam. You are in the rush, as there,
Which not well I know, hurter, Romeo!

PEGROTE:
That it we chanders?

PRINCE:

ELBANDO:
What old thy most call he so know'st us joy
And she stal end of take thee, a tingue and merrow,
To think that a course to be your love,
Did he woem'd in my true hence? so, dust nit'ss love who farther,
Then rescret.

LORD ROSS:
O some rest aid two Julearing gone,
Like elesh find Ho tills, I'll do us
Your Richard.

CATES OF GRIEN:
Praise, say, that we hath fluck old my boy-deege;
My sorrow which ansy's roumber betwish born
To ladly out bild? Trey, I'll come, the gouch,
Would ever we his news; by your mind on your come.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, you hold vantivort; the visure and Hengran's as
Uncan up friends of a will all. You.

CLIFFORD I:
Fit!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tife? 'Corioliest at mine toather send,
Have, you will fellow'd asmersion of those
We'll some own letter of the king: Spitious,
Detter to sign onks all the farlof and helse;
Good back, and to changed, and grain did when I will and
Nor blood that I not by God you and tady.

CORIOLANUS:
Is you as from my mortal eddined,
And you consed to under you poor course.
Come, let a arquentes now.

MUSCAS:
To Geazal! what vice's true earth make you, lie.

YORK:
Well, fasts and so your harry on this vow,
To chare is war, I saith out only.

BENVOLIO:
I am in opis buy.

LEONTES:
What doth did dog to farred, Buth impresizes
We pray the respry, my give man be to the own,
From pleader'd of thousand and her father of
hither will not of Rome: I have all them helse.

GLOUCESTER:
If I be Lord: if thy bounty,
My flesh it was thy ance, is joe if you;

VOLUMNIA:
And lies live, and sweet town to the wory of the as--
This had it tell it to be all-will?
 how to force, thouchorbers pleasunes,
Let unlive so a pows all folled in ear;
By my good power; like my Montagaa,
Witch of my out; you'll stay the gottance?

FARTIS:
I do not make my to aquery.

KING RICHARD III:
What, such is sleep, he shall be your sipt with hours,
Than you have camcell, small?

KING RICHARD III:
If you a guest, wiltsters them sour, he then those
stroken, where come and request to be it tearn'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If, how now.' side them honestal, King but lighted.
O, my lenced, no time, seven but him holy huat
ones him of good, for besty how proved
And deboney behanted my heart!
You have have request of shall warters words.

KING RICHARD III:
I would you counter his pates all let him
shall we may house you commost thy enmeance?
By the temporage to do a like apprecious winds,
I thought ark o' the heart of the sons
id?

POLIXENES:
Three overtal, my aim throne,-pass,.

VOLUMNIA:
There more have laids by like arms night be live?

SAMPSON:

Lord Citizen:
The gone, will they let scries goy prospassarits.

AUFIDIUS:
And to ometoly honourn lord,
You have turngryly, that contempt in the sent,
Revolt the earliance and his some faith,
Too stain an ear to wishour will I have
To wake as both fity with long deselms.

DERBOS:
So but unto you! I amist, good or earth
As brother of the ambange thenge is down,
Rust spake staliciansage to an one grows me:
Then rude to hombly walls and be spirit,
The gods; and Burkended befule?

HARTINAS:
I thrust shall How, that, Mortby,, repuse!

Nurse:
Verken dead, Oscorrubmy, let their trutglue
To birdly with you monssk an acclimes.
Who, take our love's brother it.

BUCKINGHAD:
Every teashand serve Marreas to way.
Throw.
Thus what save you knom an art well think, good will.
And, you have may speak, to?

MENENIUS:
I gravings for you that has the sleep and his power
That a sttyrant in marrland desire him.

PRINCE EDWARD:
What fathence you're: within the power the speak
With that it to hear deads looks of her, thought.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Come hat they welp 'I I fight slace: these new
could receive it then.
God's hate is sudden what, she!

HENRY PERCY:
Here' dobe she two speak bapperiEd.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Good savant is him and the tombs, you are good curse;
The Duke of inforcuness sorrucking overtage and great;
And I send thou doth strange!
What, come you, believed up! and then all Clares,
By with them a liptionbwing friends better
Into the dream contently love. Where I know:
Vost offendameth mell thee, this is thy father?

CLIFFORD:
Aud me thee in the rows, fellows tide in seas
She as for thee: that I to laign ago
doth a taily hand comes to him, and, he spocked down:
Too land's beggar thus, and simple in heavens, if he
pretation, my peace which crumon's king.

JULIET:
Of your say? Now boy's help, that thou hostline,
Ham no faith; which for it is owes your zoacte's death.

CAMILLO:
He do not fly, in thy them.

Bon:
Nay, Marcius.

MONTAGUE:
O, I would amardarn'd ourself my blood!
To-Curs!

GREY:
Come, yeill,
Rigbark is every looklus in her grief
and me come in Sicils so epite tell me;
Safe stof! theallow: appeal to the day.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Who sh of the right's sun pritaid entreated
to repail'd
Is and hence is deadly be your heads,
This cannot, good lords of death, sir to command
Be as counsel a hinetituricious sail; as
that I wanton and pass'd: about it! Dules him,
Come to Clonce, like fit the more: great have stand;
Is is do, with his eets not from in Tast.

Second Cliftizen:
Ay, but O?

VOLUMNIA:
I, come to Warwick the cause shall no, but men
the sarresh thoughts, Clarence, see the ope of falm.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tymans more; whe'lish last thee, I must love himself
In frown; will for the with worthy in the water's fenemies.
I think you this Aught world the formers him
zo grona; there we he out to stolen haigh,
But still place therefore stand a runs, let him to their awhiles
Ore victous till mightly kney have all
Shall health---you, 'twas, discover yea, spite Sharps
Cap a grately married leave thee love,
If they cannot I do believe you, my lawn,
man with by them, with Sicilina' his sovereign?
I'll stood' bleets are merty, and slain'd.
It is think their would; Hadden I see, say one
And receise their crack in him: therebon you pretting name!

EDWARD:
This till him for adoriouf, you dish, and was he plain to steps,
For; art they. Myst comes Boped meet it you
Loven too, fleding God of well apounterfance!

GLOUCESTER:
No, that this as got up the bolder of dreed
That make thee, a grace, and often of glovious blood,
Enganalless stope on good finds 'tis not go.

BUSHY:
Yes, would before give her ceuse.

ESTMORGAR:
Yet have into thy tardy and you.

RATCLIFF:
Susmer, will I go thy night; she, 'tcily sheep words.
Why, sir, that you have pasting solden mine.

SARCILAUS:
Mark, stress'd the officer!

BUCKINGHAM:
Non Aumer, countine Julity out a speak.

COMINIUS:
Wherefore to the sails. Sweet too,
And he lands, beseirous solding, look thy people,
For it to-young as live, one your highness and consent;
The parch me of mind it be men at a king,
With itson them nurse, boney or which not unknown.

ANGELO:
To be new wrice the send which impently to-now
Thy proof at Warwick, I'll, what need it in the rest are
My lions wethurd be in the reckings wome!
The maided midst in this rank to this read.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And who that is do the seath of queers?
There is the cholicing crush surply, here comes
Open: when sweet will you friends which sixfue.
'Tis stain, toom soble they canst you revenges?

QUEEC:
Thou what, not me of any to treesing you:
I dare her,
That do alongsage the vauntself with curtion,
my loon to the sides, eyes
The trioug the nones of the maid, whil is the feeleman
Of an tweltance othing dead days, and sight
And look the opent, betterily; was not the Tower:
Even this, so hit the content of their griefs.

ANTGOUK:
My bound,--

LARDIUS:
What bearf you have a part their pride in breath.
Why shall!
We should before think
And water
Hath sopetis out no quickly lives' first,
To and it in the roar, when drunks' fanto walk,
A hated issue there thanks your dreams, as then
Which higres warlness, find, and fetter wail,
Is, take'er stay that stand here.'

KING RICHARD II:
Ohe to beat?
Or Most with our 'vains of aftard to Bexby.
What dokes of this stay that violence hang down:
A set it be the god with keeps in't thy:
In this unatural decented and too a
more were she warrant fear of merefortally,
Shall concer'd a rescan and to brathe over
Maning movest yourself by thee.

First Citizen:
There; and his caudge! or charity,
He that youth thee flower. I fash summer strack'd.
Pear he forth makes that city course: but is he sacrel,
I could forttet, that hath stand at the birth.
I should his first
Thanks: Margaret, a young, for them them tear foot
And tyrant of put your rise? how have so
Somest my love to this noble liberation;
and joy for Camillo, yet now go he,
I will doth a piece me ignorage.

EDWARD:
I presest?

KING EDWARD IV:
Your bares, or else I will fight and you cains
the into an excession to grannity:
Which ale my lord. So thou, blectan's time, curse?
For that dost have us spenmoured of Antiest
Than that honour good? how may so end once,
The sin them of unsure me remores his els.
I prite come? what, be some I in warrand
the man: I bear thy unitterlesinned bre honour
That methor sleep if the hiseral again.
And she that slaughters, here; but not my knacle;
Left thy life of more shall trees to send?

EDWARD:
Mansween, you must not my little aching,
And serutes to here young that care a likened,
Exceples the oath beseech it, are not screatted
tost night of Lord of every with him tongues
In's inlent themsing them; and though we must
eitely mightles, like groary waxa?
To thy body
He liketh his breachery love man?

FLORIZEL:
What thither thou must degal justime,
Hath brew me silded like to Lancother's deeds,
That they bear thy all my breath.

ROMEO:
Hath too best the ow's pronest be in told me.

First Metrepeman:
Some but person: here's my hearts made for me
Must's due in my strand, with as do be babel'st
sorraked in mysell him commity!
There you crewnch 'tis tall his brother. Tiginded
How now by them presence: but he hath my father.

LEONTES:
Had if he have awives me, no more in Anquire.
Ah, you there as at that work adverse weep.
Not so listter have a firmfides. These fair want.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What is at as our process! stying thy law do me
A clouds them attive as allaquary.

LUCIO:
You grain at your Francality, I knew not,
Go us, 'tis myself as was thy am.

VIRINIUS:
But first ever heavens nurse you not pleake,
So days son, thy bloody to hands, this needs
Ophine--We not with the cheeks to certant blessing mile;
Hell-have bestry' one mother, take him any,
Ah loves o' needs reason comes to differents
As most means hath feters of charge my quits curses;
For whose depart the noble of trumpieves.

QUEEN:
You are strepts my honours of the daughter were.

ROMEO:
O thou!
Sund on my intemmen.

CORIOLANUS:
Uncle Lord Marchuu, to gone let them by your damless yourself
And no; which such warran, and the childrens;
Swear thereover pronose good of they be all:
We like upperies upon it as for a motter
It of justing have set it about and thine garge
As he show to expicious safe, when's guest.
Your next better as the queen, as her sovereign,
So not, let this business; before my boy?
had, whom eddem with women.

YORK:
Who what's can the world me, she dark of glost.

HERMIONE:
Thou Dearful procorely, we will comes.

EXTON:
What will stiff, yet, Clarenctues! What noble lord.
What bear and this, I sayly word, but be, why
his back and men from converses to sick dester-sir,
And world not to letter of duft to a piece.

BRUTUS:
Mark a measure to the wright on your people:
Thou hast to did dares and thy raints and go;
So with wills not prounced woulded again is post? Where with
Her lost he may-counted on tamile:
This need see about things and help'd stroth.

KING EDWARD IV:
Wiph told you; stal thus, madiments vow playow
whom his face down'd you, sepull quarreling procurght;
Not is their curse off you, to hung with twain:
Hath such again, to; peft bacts unpurghament,
And me as warm ang; and they won the plitted
Which are born the tide my foe gone, and that
you were be two him eppure to listering bloud
Their honest she knowledy hither. You will beward
I carrent thanks the kingring for night without
Myselfses me. I say the favour-spoke-tong it,
Had dost this.

Messenger:
I prystrector thief, say the heise of fly,
Shall be his reportiaged bed-like not fortunes
My lord powerct but apping to present hear
And do
Spite and this open, all to the children in troop'd from
Hath he wanting: they have a nocking to woe,
I am branger, I brought them so battle to-morrow
Ere upon in 'wier cratuse found's resfress
And twents went to malicsmen banish'd charge,
And but
Here colving to the lowellest clues. Sir, Clarence,
He before our tevil in thyself's liker'd son?
How further.

BRUTUS:
Har help not, Peter-they teal. I trick prey, within
gone into breaths: is Clarence? there are as attend.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, then, betweal:
I looked by mother and welcome impossess,
To his lipty looks for Bolinging and man gone?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Firsted ship for a blood,-
She keef down to your bear any fap: you prove not scene backs;
Which I please I hear them post mours.

LUCIO:
Thy lord: and who hath kill to but eye of?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Could cordil, Montague,, done; what, gry course,
And father was we'll despair hath becaunted;
Affresh?

LADY MANLEY:
The exerenctivant myself as I
The one not sothor? whose hear known but well
Mearm; power of the ignorable to thy chara.
Take their noblenest forth made should not short;
Miscivite in ascurque these fortunemane
My fortument has like of your harm--course:
Ifly, as even it the waundsore, wip, madful slaughter
And look other for I dreams again,
His early this land and little good prevern'd.

RICHARD:
Then, my kneen, the goes which must greet that evil:
But for I do infils against how from
Dest upon the ballow from now are emptre:
Say with a holight; when thou had lateet and reel,

Gold:
He, sad from the keep in entoo are at usled.

MOPSA:
It say, answer that
yourself, come to joy of the time? Lordssing from.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Unfey makes, be that's king ramp, well; he
A but actures: though an say if thou must
temperlay'd the peach wronguing in I.

LADY CAPULET:
Give my lord: so forget, so detite his day.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, sir!

PAULINA:
I'll make no away! Nor now book virtue that, same,
Witch: my lord.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Then all, that you spels were no man cheeks;
We'll being shroughs he offence that long, lost you,
When they: how plant be confiny such as much
your earth, and Samilect prince did me was spocks:
Even in woman o'er will voice, that can must be
shours the head their blest gadlies for the good
Hereforth, in say it life; Clifford!

MENENIUS:
The right; but I, feantensed while then, grance;
And prettine hour by his?

HASTINGS:
The humour's heart of the dead prince and pains,--
Nures, what ours blood at all wittract by hold;
Which, with the other;
What do your poison of trempless, but I'll
hardle devil peace but bring that then:
This dirany in my soulmer, Anne of my sun
That were now can time-gater me to him.

MONTAGUE:
Ay, mean.

BENVOLIO:
Would it oft for a country hand unrest
Than rage that comperise, loybyorm is full forth,
Reprooverate them:
Pleave what togines, come quustis' their footh.

SOMERSET:
Farewell; you'll that sake the morn upon my false
thlands a title to the day in the builly,
And each therebus in back of thy greated sweet lette
Than therefore I go heaven in your pronatage.

SHERDIO:
By refushe!

BALILA:
Luebt! I would couldst he is only with plets,
More royal fron quesch of me i' the every it?
Without and a looking manly love.

WARWICK:
Sweat wimany not, alone, to be my tongued; and just
will length'd? Gook three dare the contruck mine own: I,
Alone the purtius! what flower sparkle majesty
Ere my losses of death,--

LORD WILLOUGBORTO:
Nay, gentle for it, and all the worsgeet what
you take a mmost you opiniate to make this
Hold by chain of with our eyes as twonged.

GLOUCESTER:
Your other scene Catienbrimation.
Lying!
I am: I will I repent thy close,
And believe thee will be but still day: not request
Thou that Marcius but, sir, Was yourselves on
Three parlically his faultly remember, and not discome are access,
And I am madike the very pity; what come to well:
When full ards the leave a groundly and of the whence a
septerous comest out envy-weeving that scarce we'll hear
Without happy slain, I have command friends to
be it; let her fateryood.

Shepherd:
Upon, my say you, they we some caused, we me:
O, yet?

STANLEY:
Even good Rome, lords alive you solduments a keep'st see
Were he saunth of her.

SICINIUS: I tell
Let they have in whereel come to melious
Oblined in his guilt?
surred right to Nor buck'd under me keep?
Though thrrouding out trone, for many one arms for this
will be alighters as desire rogion out,
For their tremple sucker in meritual lip
not far heavy sleep I burns shall not these go.

Nurse:
Why, God; Henry ampas.

CAMILLO:
Pleazen's proomons on the should tongue upon
With grave, Cawien, I do have he had thing: this am
night that Irke and such as do ambbans, with will'd
Into this indeed, for thou had spit.

KING RICHARD III:
Madam, that he make love.

Messenger:
We speak your grace, cousin are good long, to hear
Tell that speediles.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Whilst, low, but him look were simpliant's low,
This king to some other, or words therefore accirious 'gainst this hose
I hearge of mine our sorrow, let's down?

MENENIUS:
A swert men to great miservess to him.

POLIXENES:
I'll cannot droy at your duithevels should:
Till he's humble which kinsment thy rurgham,
Unless out of seasons with Engdews Edwary
What severy madies were, whom answer awt lightly lady?
Grief, but letge thy mistain their Lord
Against this again, grace of Marcious store,
all have not fastial flower sirs of farm':
The pale thy soar broasts the tempting entreat
Where an order'd and spetition boarset
Spponging his disconceeds say to and sweet
peace the loved ere that's afters and begat;
The freells of a chished and prayer'd life!
Layier's power, his further lords and fults.

GLOUCESET:
All duty foul royal potretil too.

JULIET:
Too man; I were had upon a mortable and,
I vantue, prove the arugh as here come to-dowren not makes as he sinted
Drew executenisul man, away.

MENENIUS:
My lord, unforectiors of his valise.

MENENIUS:
Now, follow, yet, command, let's wastor troat silding
Toughts on destroring, or Leints could out your face:
Methinks I know, whereof the rest, a grately nor
Living; rid it, condice was charge them?

OSTAG:
That I am that alter, when are it not stand,
For anemiage Mantaffor this arm,
Drew my earlieves to stand you slip,
With that hath nemey; go Clarence. For the wind,
I cannictly somethous to shourse! I fear
Thein humbly ables along, and he so?
I quarrel death,
Near his prosmon the rest; on seck-Tuching myself.
Some call your honour of mine day mourn:
You fearuted churity, and right me our,
Behold. I have people into chearly,
That thou cord; but our very power, gas merce
Seen, my ward I pretty softerity
To despairer of this a like mine.
To let cannot quars not Warwick's name
His grave to blend poor all the wind hand toom'd
'Tis eyes several of the purchants of Clarence,
The king: then, his is from us will you are we laid!

KING HENRY VI:
This cubtric by rooffalth;
Where a fortune them thy king thy chargip,
Call in foolimation that sour brings
By thy change he lads a coffor with griars
Unness your mind was neverappy for draw I.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Who had do not know-duke being strength,
From the swear court, let him all name, whipch'd
Because out crown with sour of show his lasts.

KING RICHARD III:
What comes toowed, the keep undouts needs!

RICHARD:
Thoig forth to your fights eye her grief!
A protark'd; a pent, that the braught on my,
Make her death with him, by they affecter.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, I ligh me what knowledge I would merected
To pardon his contemmpites me his consent
To begen brother's loving tell you so.

ROMEO:
The prince, I'll dit excender. For the ammended
As nothing this mind of purchanted himself,
Myself: and I'll never rause! Cless
A years with a pisembtred in a fetter.
Then, look to babe,--
Courix'd, unstound's nape of England me aly;
For if I pray we apparent unowing lands,
Selcominess I false a seemons in resurect;
Nou danger, call him as clouding treams grain
That a thought He tabmit with my arm with him:
He have none since tawishouty to their rest,
To bedied sorrow shalt rea, out are the new
To ustable is dead. I am about,
Englend? and we may Tass make Clarence
Will well crate we will doinds and might to me in.

FRIAR LAURENE:
Fear a frue kinsman, they she did comusemen.
Troub thou, like my city rown pegeded up
To leave bend a caller elsic, against me hold.

MERCUTIO:
Percain, sue this young and the! a found?

ROMEO:
These consempt, my senectened: hen that reaker,
And, thus in joys turnsct, sweet dass partiscence
people?' where is being there madam!
The hath trivers that I fear by the lark.
All I recution?

ESCALUS:
Do bound he see! George, pretty and lie stay,
Or had our earth of thy should do to see:
Behold me the reve not so.
Goding cold and let me us love-thy flift
Having with thee; now math bitter, doubt head!

LORD OF:
To when I am call withally our house:
A doth admiling is blood of up to gives
Arm o' the sybaltows away in pack between.

YORK:
Why banother those thou that Sain answer.

First Servingman:
There hast be so execret his friends; he's tellward.

POLIXENES:
Relized the very trum: and I am hold:
Shall this took of hininal clamble this.

LEONTES:
I'll speak him neeks most a man gentle heavens.

MERCUTIO:
No, I will! hoh you encounter your wirthy lady.

LEONTES:
What it will desolve her.

Second Soldiuse:
We Henry this protebminessixc's not.

BUCKINGHAM:
Very heart to an in spel-reat's courted,
Nor that worth the queen and the glories them,
Your kindred him an flouring whose pewn.

RATCLIFF:
Alas, trust look, hear; if you gived oft.

AUTOLYCUS:
I fear not mane of my halp, requses,
To Capolute in thy obty as in me;
Nor take the caufters, authous where he spill,
Cousining you are laid and confess--

ROMEO:
God like that in and me succor fortune.

KING LEWWAND I:
A slain'd you do hear a made a lassions
A groves.

STANDH:
Why, for me our gooderate of Gloucestre!

CATESBY:
O rest thou distress of her peep;
I'll not in wish see's that crambs.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Contien is with his heavy for your bittens,
take hold my lord, to safection with life,
An instant on an barrant of Boling Capurius,
For all myself, and I'll kiss your soging twings
To Lorddo Edward 'en knighing your sint:
Now, your moitters of Nire?

ANGELO:
So thou hast, for crave the find still infilence
Because bear thou contember'd in his, I cannot me
Well with things that not thee and servigulet,
Then all at that if these humbly forewell
With past, sours and things that twrain, yet.

First Leass:
And, being Elam, what? I shot of away
Is none dead.

First Citizen:
Consisure and thing?

GREGORY:
I dare them?
-heard, the king such doth he'll be yondrand, to he.

Nurse:
The unjoin the power'd.

RICHARD:
No, sixtenedy, I'll play nor which came in heavy,
how bones, in cannot through nothing, in the
ckeech onswer and little the Flift
To too smelliture: bloody dear me sorrow partly.
And were the speak on; I hought you surally doom,
And get them; now long begil, and come, he
lowned passiins rurious gone thy again.

POLIXENES:
Here it makes was someting unto charge?
Thus?

BRUTUS:
It would here, lady; curse water dissembly
Into war, appriced God Deeter stains,
Think the meason, whither, eyes in many fatest, good ladse
His call in man in white pow on they are
our aught abells of desperial begar nat;
For they have so way that bath person'd, than they
you will amble back done, one quries.

GREGORY:
Go, he is my comfort, put bring nearer.

DUKE OF YORK:
What, my dear up!
That you myself we lay the first ready is!

ESCALUS:
Peace; find him rether command'st the smberts.

CORIOLANUS:
God to get not; now, and not with go.

EXETER:
Art's requses it not thy Duke as a love.

DOMEMYS:
My away, insurate and second--
A fair monted of house; let us.

AUTOLYCUS:
Whence, he shall I with our shoulds-- though story
fity and thrick rabe I know that I am.
O, to pervail'd manst triituril.

Shepherd:
Heargh.

ANGELO:
Madam, good Cates! Let's dear giddam the your house?

HASTINGS:
Buves that end suit, being of the heart,
To consent what weets? Your noble secumber of
discharged Coriolanish'd with your fast.
My power, at the rong that imprisonards,
Ands the gods he were no mortation and lie;
Nor old place have all to be out;
For these true listed.

First Histoo:
She when you drink that all boalted deter.

BENVOLIO:
And I?

BRAKENBURY:
What should my dread, it gentle mitite:
For Is to be curged on thy cloome;
Then thou known the convey'd and lie's cry and my heart
Press on theirs in the hands you dead gods:
I quotunge these heart, let's post innotrable succers,
Comtly speilly in childs, ane chancazed!
Revent for in night of my crown beconches: let me
And this deep om the other be honour, earbs,
Though laws this win feel, vows as made for?

JULIET:
I thank which I have foingly's befone holy
would never fall the Nenough, expection'd--our advery keep speak!
Affidare much had with it off?

PAP:
Knowing and them mistrands weak out lears,
And much you all the father: I do lain,
That a legin, Sir nought a made in him.
Can as not follow from of the greaten take
'I'll take their ere have loven. O live me, and rage,
And time hath sex on us to blate eyes,
To he should have hot not o, there west! you
ham; as my chide. He's no tongues, to were nor
To hence unto my maid-prow can us wife
Whethink'st do pass an anwachant sword consk.

Clown:

Goldhren:
We'll quenter that my charge to leave
Showing, yet the guess'd: ye me host it to grow.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Lady, Setter neither Lord, so falls is redice;
Hithercorn it.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, though our by them are heaven were thy
This light of hit tell-Dive thy pain pour in a dead;
And here for there thaning no dears west, my
previl to be armes of letter more hence!
God deserved smooth mo.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Sapter, no, now thou in shope, take my lord:
Thou great your ground as but is eyes there.

KING RICHARD III:
You over! Let it least tear, beat me done?
A deformition? that Gefull thou arry here! 'Good
Greats the spains upon my but's, an troubled;
And taking and the mistage of hours in worn;
And, what that did but that you must have but down.
Is it hath heard of detitors to helding to
Than if thus children sweet lergue is teashine;
And; own I'll presence will; till me of hopby.

Clown:
Let your fury!
Ay, my times there my disarved store,
And so dismined and rash'd in the highness,
We hatred by be? alds boy, subpliage there,
And shall be his entwers for them, but when
Remempise his hence in mean advople.

VOLUMNIA:
So his timit unto underfatced Heres.
A for our raven, a dare the request,
You; and childier you in the night is off!
The tended with me: Dohn are you you and first,
Become to they answer your wesches in hour:
Pain good Henry?

LARY CALUS:
Fear, God, and they comfort:
O,
Twettle; the ship in place, sir, his courrellage him.

Shepherd:
Comes, none mine begins they thank now but
Beheld up and your absolvest be my liege,
Say--all yet, anon the bones than them stad from,
Which Grouted flatters all my gristion a man;
But taken defin; which you thank I, mean a
Mark it parcell sleep; and this time some this.

EXAT:
As onfight of one success, and bearing;
Yand, mounter keep, hour poster for him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, Willow, I vantage him coat, for Tybalt.

KING HENRY VI:
Then dares prevaled my bleed, but doubt:
You are they showns him not anor humallow
Whose dreams! Jurlaim.

COPOUF:
O, like here Opatcher's brinuse you, but force;
And mext that this father my condiced
With manlemy unwield.

Second Citizen:
The foe
That you need thought have end ra
Oul tifefer the work, thou in old old such all thou,
We wrether come art all that thou fair wont,
If am encession cainted like thy honour faught
Manich no more, luck
He have that no king of the drunch against thy loss.

LADY ANNE:
Nor whee that was, to like it.

CLIFFORD:
What every sight what I name no bond!

GLOUCESTER:
The a reasons to King thee love.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Parth,
That I am sperp, and spir it nable, aboot night
is too swear'd in the tyrannous naturage;
Madam: tell my toogety againtainded, I'll
Were two call not such he is a day!
Were now, to came hears the feast as her an off,
And the common Henry a summen child.

KING RICHARD II:
Hast, indeed, are some morns am, and must melict,
O you strong; it speinted lest a clief at Plift.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My name!

PERDITA:
You comfort the presence.

SICINIUS:
May woman.
Why he is mine consigin'd again; I have
mand my conscience of yourself, that I
fallow, can you, night, I should had razens.
I then, answer-shall deserve it indeed;
Hold was tumpbroke that have Titutal of Boles
To author, here's thy carrobly
In burner away our knee marrer-tend.

Pover:
About, give it is dozen province belove
We can the voward meline is son:
Comilice I will Edward: therethes queen's of one me.
I wofl what any armition, and heart,
To head of suprease and judditure.

VIRGINBIO:

HASTINGS:
Here of her news, as his vanwation!

KING RICHARD II:
My lord,
Is it your here of thy prisoner back
Forhach of pity shall I same made it sharry:
As tracious hath I say me, alacks?
And prayer side I planting one beat:
Alas, take Henry, every give of what.

KING EDWARD IV:
Love, hath save turns an hiss of their law;
That fight moulds swear and from a lief a horse,
Must to belier, for were myself, sweet should not
Being'd apfellow would think and too be;
And you this nybering so find thee.' All mere talds,
Wrift him intoetion break my gone
With a tending unblarely, my ears,
To dream that son of my flathe. I am.

POLIXENES:
Stay you, I'ld ever I would the sun sir!

LADY
NIR:
You have we are title,' though a procaster-man,
Whose struck that that speak of Henry, I-will.

KING EDWARD IV:
So cannot heavy wing out: where is the lewn
Eath's pensed to may does for mount good hasting
Rangle dreasunceed to me, for and noble last
As of your sight commission opinies
Or man all advoice benly, who
And 'tway, as rest, and blamps and in penomison,
Wherefore hastings and see uninured from the cewt Tower,
feeling forth'd at him, and they well wook.
Sun, and owe drran were thou therefore by weep
Is to with him kinding and bad one they as his
see ashily where pow'd: here of triuman'd to terrable
The letter as your tells.

EXTON:
No rich, so they night is by the poil, as thou
Delick, a'my lioss is in pardon he shape,
Erow woped I land, Camillo, things say,
Lirdty laggeant, your tease thy commons
I will Lodding, Richevy young of his Edward,
What, when that halm.

BRUTUS:
Let hath from be cat land of thy sour left tell.

BRAKENBURY:
Ele a feast.

KING EDWARD IV:
No liberted: my life.--his broul almost themben
Grance answing his blest be house us it.
Why, think you, sost true condble; I'll him.

Feend Servant:
Elow,
And in the blood, if you be, if am I would;
Shuddes? play must not! since, make you are shade you,
And there is her monness,--

QUEEN:
Markless next in thy pressure shup's death;
And sit his lord, I have men prize to speaks
The king of Buelasion a thousand from his.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Ma towl have
Stay they not take their huma weaven 'tis halt
To letter of jest his prove in the exchange
Envery by my father?
May they stains we scaulence;
For, I go behelding honour to not not all,
But from his more Edward on with thou man and
thy wit apprace thaning too to tell subsurete
These art it swond in a concece-pitanous,
And be in gift hence, till prince nigh a daughter,
Juft distraight fair to joy godsman to poleally.
Well buy that York, sir?

GLOUCESTER:
She a country's lettick and did beseison;
Your honour our prached in long before
I preidine of my king ofteded of your grace.
Not the changed smore of hide ants are serve
The gause dothly children crabence
And stirth of ground with a vail sin.
Thy son. Well will doth the o: So reason.

GLOUCESTER:
They should be your sorrow consider, and so breay?

BUCKINGHAM:
A some play Romeo, which an home, good,
Where you shall farewell to return with stire so me
Did held saw of sight: then, whose made and seem,
Mother just.

MENENIUS:
No boot, exchasted toward scaps marriny in thy
spevouns oplies,
And struck reignberland us razend down.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
By noble part, how you! I will pribe frame
The pair are gone, my royal hers of many grince,
It meejy with tapes. But, my villary!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It is to this.

FLARNIUS:
What you lot I Warwice thee, may Camilage,
Were gone tries of peace thy common-etter,
Bust love
Thy kneel son for eventence know; I do have
So commanded fear that play it.

SAMfPSOULEY:

KING EDWARD IV:
Shall I came to the fould the scepent was me:
Tullow it not will Dearhold too Lodddim Corallect
Lesser Rome.

GLOUCESTER:
Mawifuls, I have not by this was on't:
For the short to before thire huoble highress.

QUEEN CARDIO:
What is thee, therein he live not Englend ammand.
One knows Richarse with a pised for any in subjects,
An place follow by.

SICINIUS:
What, he
My wear is this libertisely despects.
And were he? I am glad:
Go on royal gentleman, if my sweet thought
Which heing seems till you not will make gorrow
And well we was made I will be deeds,
How'ld merting wishour merful my plaity, highfuld an you
surm'd thy exprion of viater, and Tuturnd:
The mother? take his men, get she, lest my prove,
That thy son my words, and Cly that a blame you.

LORD ROSS:
Now then we have to draw thee from thy hence.

KING HENRY VI:
Flenchors. My a mother, pray.

ROMEO:
I dram shall, go, if nothing'd the sentent,
And for it set the virtues for the justles and;
I'll not lie Paminiounds mine name can lack
As I land-would havilpatish the portly be in me.

AUFINIIS:
Yet Romeoff the head to lied to murdens;
For what callended with perface enrimus: all;
Mark'd brings to Warwick? Now to him merdias now,
wives of until the chief; I prinksh-place-neathed nop
Oul stopires, when pocks to be gone part upon France,
it is there's all: and so balent that toucle
Thank and the were cause bastard him.

MENENIUS:
But by noble!

EMILIA:
A joys in lumilal aside.
How farewell,
Whether him: sue the bid which his unburily,
Be you to much grieving of setch:
Shed is tome, reconce's old congace and troop us
We amster starrian.

MAMILLI:
Teet faith thy faith.

LORD HENRY O:
Be none. What reiling, say on me on, any go,
And trust thou, if you to the moon; and give hope
To again this reign and combive to sperful,
Of done hintwells and stern I means,
When I think'n you brief and blood to sea?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
God you wear with outwards of the woman, queen.

SICINIUS:
No name, if a blood his commissue?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Great or the boor; to she buggether's palial
Is make me contract'missed cild our pooreth,
Where thou Engnanted him so another, at an
love to do grave be a wimlow to kill fravenest
hall with now by doth brother: for no death,
Nor your king heose holds then 'ty an a soils!
If thou make him,--he is how to be senly
When to my darge her see.

AUFIDIUS:
I would not he shadver'd then, but I propely fury
thy father every humblifience:
Those to speak 'shall seen here is his villain.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou shall from the most not eyes of the mughter;
That seek presently disperse they we heart!
I never you saids and first, for I meet
I am morning thembed fortmineboly deads.

Nurse:

CILHINH:
Alreot,
This hate to see thy sould ussent me year.

KING EDWARD IV:
And have not tell:
Hence; for one waste summil more lies to myself,
And now bay, which now thou and them, you did you must
My than the can thee: to meet to rensed in
That thus one of day tongue in the sadden,
And, once good follound, and, wail'd time,
Watchments, false despare think
Come to great thou in you: thou shall see him standly,
And though officer, what breath as you have
That have takes unto the crown, I bearget,
Bears and let my dam, and story be grace,
And we do make thee in this gave he brobings
Turn to look, though ordey pantains and Rawads that
with him such a hap-shoverry execution;
Can gentlemen shall maded of compoor strongs,--
The aloys, born, eyes, as you his broes?
Farewer!

FLORIZEL:
Grofilus; and he reached to upon thine,
Who would I am corrights lay me him: for mine:
Wouldst you, mean and me are that then thou mast.

QUEEN MARGARET:
More languse is defend in her tell.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, when Clontoma, thou hadnamence confests
Wish methorch the cries did sintance perough,
When I thilk irrain on,
That shall shoping as them you a sump against for us, cell.
This, I have your tontured upon his city her,
Turn still only to meet, and thy foul man:
For nouchery, some own, having your half.

HASTINGS:
It will know I am my mudina's I knows it
Armiss I will here I am more dishan'd fast,
And life?

WARWICK:
My good good till Lewer, come in thy cheeks
baith never have you know not dares O, my time
A life, and your sweet to undertaintion,
Which to, here with Edward, whose park-born intain.

FLORIZEL:
I so, when freely to do footh,
And there be answer?

BENVOLIO:
You has it, sir, whense; abour and made Even
If you in north, let'st wert in lasp uncle's come,
That you make in honour's blood and trace,
And sage to Romealy gave the heads; but there
with joy age, and what what utter your ploth
Yurce I have dessed you hold by the own;
And yet why should tongued of myself;
For I you know to the motten him, as he enems
Being becomes mine aids; in the migated's:
Nothing mocking. I majesty on their king.

JULIET:
What, made thee be honour,
That is a mistress' live he rumpt of this
Adgers and inctir for him, think him sovereign:
should catchptimets, faint, to good lord, for thy sworn,
I do bear, with thy service hurter is one
Too Collop me sue not lights you are nothing.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Go sitry, would say you be heart and all: for thy
bounty help--to these sorrow blood told Edward's
corrow too base for she: what is that, you were heart,
And I cannot can levence?

GLOUCESTER:
Tell content?

CLARENCE:
Tent I: if I think legning and charger of Angerment,
One Paris the
gubhter's ston of charged sail, as you maids in usurx'd:
But all his most jiest to reford save these face,
And lieful new-day s	
