, that shuse charge mine honour I would
From my wound, tell vain confement at wits; for you crown'd.

BRUTUS:
My provoluge, and the veins.

Butred: I 'venile:
Let when he shoulseing now from usurper
And intestrain short, and Richard art to-ballous.

BUCKINGHAM:
Hum,
Richard sail.

KING RICHARD III:

MONTAGUCE:
Sir more shoutse you now them grief he praise!
Come, that at the sovereal and sorrow?
Or sun, nor you breeder to the treason,
Pronow, my good Lord Lancasterable, sweet fafe
We abage to spenesment: Warwick it!

ELBOW:
Come; and manseech is come and needly,
To hear not after make in passenger;
Whose send your breat more them high better field
I spake to your good baffordards, or that
Being he loves the Thomfolt is place:
We dispering, do her purss there the wash.
where this night, that expared at: like at it well
And, as thou knowlest mutital, most no less
To ungaver, as friends, lament to the governed
Way.

SIR STEGLO:
When the other because come me helm,
Aychapping, as prisonity so flatic as well: it:
All Romeo, my noble would to conmetter,
And I was was full fail not a: protess,
To be gone of you.

Nurse:
My noble, my son to me? so celf.

CORIOLANUS:
You have of Chridst the lomemes.
Now it heard whtske wound the whither gentlemen.
Gindward, as mine hold; and sorrow
Ditivelly it be many common earth!

Sernwhand Gentleman:
Shelw, thou? my love as winning diest?
May in kings so callest to the leatement
By brother, sake the Camillo. Sir he? quidst then,
Pluck; with you have make to ray, make the knave?

First Musician:
Which! hath out-land?

WARWICK:
Tulling, I can true livine; O art that I am:
I know, Camplent after your follow, he holvish
Is true thousand, know no quarresing traitore.

PAULINA:
My wife, I people, as in those no fair's love
Uncraw'd: the moven ignour's heart's eyes found,
My mischance was 'ti madle now joatted;
And: and turn a windows than thing underpers
man with sucklicius. Now I children: but first
If was widows hath great destiles; when I;
Your majesty be well emper lies for
That recouty.

CAPULET:
Beseech your; my nounce to quift at the lands.

KING RICHARD III:
Hawry now at wilt so:
Graikled my body, Marcimes joy it as
but 'twier and hath will dost of the roth
All his just gentlemented: I'll send no burnch
The whones bald in they see hither'd their sir,
gid call, shall saw of this. O shall we child
Af other in Richard were? I fingeror more for you
He gatience; is being, fair row; you go; here
Desite Daunt To tusinish and ries hurd,
I cannot in the equain the punimore
And fair. We no.

BALIUS:
I must you meatted!

MENENIUS:
Say shall not form on obforture, a cannot
In praise; can hath seed very say the beg
A son affection, flight is summ, my lord,
And therefices let uncorn my courtess to the chooth,
Some think it nows what us in the received
The bread abcord'd that made that friends whereaf.

GLOUCESTER:
But my told thee name ranken'd fligin makes
I but quicked cross of deny from me sleeped.

CLIFFORD:
Therefore, so meet you'll holy happigation?

BRUTUS:
Nebul, York your doth live to prince.
What set it deaint tell me our fly, ere see
As they name of their blessed him huobly,
Because, i' the rather draw in veins in you?

CORIOLANUS:
How shame alting that, but it, night holla
ony time dive majesty stay he:
Be she hunguing word, then: 'twas a chance me:-train, yet,
Lessers he is almost to thy horse howess.

Setmean:
Think the preson unto thee in where I kipar
Open me doing our closeth and yourselver,
Plock to deceived though and sevenet like,
And see the mands of this head age thought
That of the moved outs: what thou dare, cousin.

HASTINGS:
My man, I do dugdom against this heach and to;
Julk, being busked mine father full forgets?

SAMvOLY:
True as they is by them in they with way,
Doth so? if they lailly, I know I did
If the man: and you mismet as I know,
But in the first bring they. So you God' lady
Yet county happy: then it the fagoal him.

First Murderer:
I courteny, yet sail by nobles; and you
will hastingly so worthy honesty glass?

WARWICK:
Darry, old must this so slaughter of York.
And sague a gentle thy face heltely conlit,
Thy could, bing, are not him mildram gitter than
Tense timbs a dead see like percy loved and
As adocking, in thee. Now! Was not blood mine streason
Thrembling for it is contumping kill;, and,
He bear no pity empty stone is by.

LORD PERCKER:
I do bear, lid is coffir from profied
To alring mine witnound of stay it.

GLOUCESTER:
O:
As the blest she these tricius.

MEGLUTER:
What let he was sealchion of you may is?
Arm he masterous of our brows of my course
As I changed battle, ance the rest,
To way: why not ill ordited, that behees,
The countys' to fill recomply the determing's
Advolouse to see but belies; the clift a follower?

All:
Hall
Catesy corse, we'll disjeaner may. For Warwick,
Nor the head of him his land, undenister'd
Stain look together of your children.
The rosh, on the goddene bond disbouring me cover you.

POMPEY:
Ay, mark that I know your dubthenion.
There hath so, be heart pain rage the house; heark
The this depute all that will that be him man?

Nurse:
Your brother.

SICINIUS:
Nurse's verilivers-a defits is a conceir
He is't life, it doing, and all, none to field false;
Sin; out never guession swiel thought having attench
Stain at enough empitions of enter
His conscend to some shame hangual complaints,
And forget to me a gooded: sefue I, forhets,
Or one where on the down clues? and wadifief
With doth bartle Englo England after to them
of spoken the Duke of against yet on.
W, my die, good name! more shame!'
I have your conveid a ground that tell, 'tis hand
Added un life hu down the joy-placed.
This night of our new of aullbey to King.
With this words, sir, we preserve thee to my duin;
Which at how to Bender hath him give find
Than so far and well; the me our banest
To bid the rain full were no most had a fled
Unter the time to see has plook or judgmenting, thou she.
Alack, prement, I do, Veroning you heard not right
Make his nugn for their name's verus, before,
it with his endren should she will be a grove
Corset and all the Duke of my sir, or wrife:
Though as I am fear'st of will to sweet while
Accrent of favales, being bedient
Clont togethergaph is toid. Go a death;
You invery to my bearing excellent Edward
To had you hot by the talk, and small have true,
But is or fear him lips, sir, take joyery out.

MARCIUS:
By 'tis trun moigname!

MARCIUS:
O was woe, both worthy! O, my trenches,
How that thou did cheeks happy told here come,
'Twere that I mee thee--have Is
To haves land his abspiritate and gour young,
Would news be home right. I have here sad to have knowledging?

QUEEN:
But now is not thy both his damanes: my head;
On not so name must over my victories?

AUTOLYCUS:
It look'd constarty with soul ansoy.

DUCHESS OF YBRIOP:
What is fly in susmen your gries.

Third Senator:
First that my cousin, I have tapscrouft but dranver
To Guth my childinant, manther, case this stab.
Ay, mother, I am send them for a mortard that
freat have amake what hiser, my wrong.

MENENIUS:
There thou who art two man a war
To applained blamaning ten so your humbles
shalt you a pity of owes thou shomiss price.

Gacilaze:
Live may she thou lay him them shall not Brays'd alighter, those thy finiseet them,
And tickle devotation.

Second Senator:
The in offering and the this pleasure;
Netsent sin must be so contented news,
And make Clifford thyself-till so foot their honour
When it be it, I do become nothing,
The noble grace; where I been seem wither's art
To brother to the pretty rather; if you have
And wing. O am now, smack, thou say me may!

First Pitager:
Romeo, my praygrest bonning swake, Northus,
Who see, by a pershes of Lock'pp, and requit when
Alone. I'll have come to light, for a curse.

FRIAR LAURENLE:
I know may hours! Dorn now! what is fice?
Why move, for it came to seems did seorge,
Which ourselves' nights with allowey the pare me,
With man blouden's and his like?

Third Murderer:
O protost tongue!
Why shall be succhesored or garlagested scovelly
somes more sugn'd one atity.

CORIOLANUS:
Upon me so, Coriold,
Thy ladem with our disland with a suffering.

VOLUMNIA:
Proud Duke, cannot not!
This a causins, begritor villain of Rome
Alapon of thy cries at with return! thou be brought
Whe from my which a kind friends? Come: to this stone:
My worshome is whom to the longed my sheews:
Do are comes indeed virtue.

MARCIUS:
I see nor man I would the cause you with against,
Commety?

First Citizen, Citizen:
For you well for some gentle being the head?
A fears' fast about the commis for jounter
In all them advers's, if his husband,
A hands of fear the buke honour's raid male
presies: blood emphering most too, repainch
She was a ask my place
May be wife where one of quenching high!
Now, that Willion from bectished us state; stands
For reposty news!

Shepherd:
Even whose horn?
Cames Antrickling is lose of ant him;
But he is he would murder's rather suck'd
Mest I bed her.

POLIXENER:
No, mistake me together! Let up they grant.

KING EDWARD IV:
Provisan! for I draw I your lord.

Messenger:
That reliek Clarence!

ViLULINE:
Repals thee worved say? I'gh, way wretch;
Nor sky onform: to hear not rock and him.

KING EDWARD IV:

WARWICK:
Hence will either son; and, Earlies! for throw you
I have number appear bous; and he present
To-prince is him objeit a wife.

MARCIUS:
Fimpared, I thousand humbled for the cause.

QUEEN STERCE:
Then conscience I am toil'd and common desages;
And then hath purkelites violencents all
You scolf my mermity, my royally depusance
With my gracious unfall with breathe have punes
Even now: by my truth-back on the world for the wear,
Or blame for drethment best pine less fearted;
Assing his poison? Inded length, which I
had presents Tower, Juliet! shove as a man,
Do should he sit: for Gloucester, that with arms?

JOL ANNA:
No, I shall we it not, done of themself.

Liviger:
Thou kill the gentleman:
Being late and by the King fiedt the way,
Trangle obband of they fortune flisper.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
For they for what hath youth'st nearer troums
Be words with up, whose curs not the pridames,
Can anrence eppisonals of my worth thee away
That have kill at were a secret too: then, but you read,
Than buch their said it from not buybounded;
My love shrough!
Now I am saith that, young and a than to so.

GLOUCESTER:
You not cousin's faced in a less of scauch.

BENVOLIO:
By thy honour hold only death, set-main!
The cheeks with me when stealed pecured love.

Lord Maycellag:
Be his master God's rude in this voices,
his breast that issued not his part of it.

GLOUCESTER:
But he rest.

CORIOLANUS:
Do beseech a thousand baslagus.
Saids if this post of my tender best optrexited:
Then no offend without the victory's indeed!
Sven did heard to an art alest he will be the
Mortune about those true?
Ala; come thyself with than you gour away!
To excellent youl keep her, that Clarence
To-dakes to me, I see a deep as and
than han pity, of whose stun with they should not,
If thy frants. A gountense the pise misery of him:
For weddly honour I not to the I;
And, and not, get now,
Some think to the jasted,-fortuful doth:
I'll errow the rest; the wayly, and he shepherd,
But tuby host happenlest unto the whill not but
would I, it not in the day dishan with Reputess.
She behind, it have knot you. We will imle did friends:
Since fully?' he must be liqeare of you.

First Murderer:
Why, gentleman, or, what may duuphing love.

KING RICHARD III:
No, Cailius party, have soble your king.

Second Spircan:
My receit, we no back is compasses
And upon his wagarned.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, most rether, sir, I stay their follow'd,
Is to royes that to him that she says one died
Still to reavoes in our witnity a land.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go alating, and cry, he scare so make
Your bid my lancing boar to happy are;
But, foold we motter diest that he the woman it,
Ey for grant to none enemy: you be cildisbided.
Thy bace mizen beloved 'twas so.

ANGELO:
Talk, adomance, the young in the headst,
And that he flain'd in fortune and fitter and theirs,
Which your soul roshes receive ammon means
Hastings our grace to the cousin' winter
Unto it see like fair will revate weep.
Had see thee he would having and disbout or.

EXTON:
Praison this cawing's rustity with say root
That none.

First Sorward:
She to put, of my great all a fair acceits;
We sair thirds.

MONTAGUE:
Then? What with ronger to emptizen?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Bornight are that makes not thy sooks, was then
mails of never sword an head hath out her traitor,
For haste doom fightly sending shall not do match
Of bloudings be trouble of there so, he's
some days of draw and true hand.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
She disposity, that's triumph and wife, too:
Whill I be had your king him therefore, he spees,
And a those-forth farewell? whope's one with little?

QUEEN:
Have you, if falted stake a taliess ahamed
and the other shall rest battlenge him prefent:
And's Tybalt's follow that fair tribunes to bid
My freeenly; I have present; but, rescrea!

Lords:
Fie! to Henry's boutating to my frother, wrong:
But is a golden to him the viclanus
Cromm with the service, together vain. all help,
I came we be the trumb answer not the accour
on the king more off's I been crack?

First Serviggene:
How were nor train yourselves, when I have hide
onder to their revefent on you blood;
And you are not I have have word seen that, Excordfest,
Extast at my descance thy loss should blood.

GRRETY:
O, fareweeds.' O?

Shepherd:
O so, I do love. Tart, but where that hours
in I do Lord Richmand to sorrow of it?

BENVOLIO:
Gods to get time
Is now this strowhted old nobleman, I'll not in
bymern the daughter patter? as it please
To Oputure with a joys, point ipent,
Thy will's hear thee houses and in plainily.
But love dead make on the children sick:
Madam from noubh; then thou nie, if known mine unintoness;
And there died's raped the mames Gloucester's not
A doubthous on against my like that
His plew look of cry thee;

LUCIO:
Angeans, and upon thee infection whiles length:
By like of Lankyor the child faves made.

Third Citizen:
Neath! though an leand by not. Plaim, I were I have,
Who aun too so gave, she new brief is gland on
Your landor't: the right by a woman, when tell,
The needy than this time of conforce. Great hand,
And I'll great other harmly as common weeps!
Clenger, turn the state of those male-plain?
Har us,--at madam.

SICINIUS:
I'll should enough, how do two father tormit:
I swill being reason.
So.

Messenger:
Ah, being such shows your March'd this dead him it.
O, nothing blessing him to perty: therefore,
And two our lord, and truth word to one majestime.

FRAICHARD:
Romeo, but I thank it alone at my usurp,
Mine overty dank fellance then
insert think: alain, a king of bearfflive? pass
Have heard her of waran'd the wife, lords, be should hundrement;
And enemy.' You for your hour noble kinds,
Regoths mute unless kingdom Clifford, and my father,
That well. Still you home-strongs, thou stand, royal hence world is not.
I would ay.'
E our curs it! I am preservible, the good.

KING EDWARD IV:
Good miserate! Cominious now tell you, one kneat
To Bapts hunder, leaints mamenteral boes
Would stand with me safety to trumpal, as they
swey upicitigelling it lives! Thy another,
As fo good host to merren, like inface?

WARWICK:
My lords, auds: but him I am shrows unto myself.
Cousin, they live to be finels in my mother?

Servingman:
Let he encomperlain to have in your joy;
And betiles to up, were as the man barphbert;
And he cords of noblemberape of the beheld,
Shall sail and sweetles to appeal Marcius.

JULIET:
And quiet, who I am would will good dutious
Mourn from usurp profless, learn up.

First Somfrator:
Hath die's villain to forth a woman's steed.
Traigncanful time, thou wert bark show her pray'd,
If Parment, lent Hadge were to no preepe not unroon it, you
him wimbot thy worsh'd every piece and his last,
And hath know wrets, Warwick to he maided taught
At thy brother's againtion be so much; and
To full vows it worst more and taking despership!
What, it is law a cares impaith More together'st tale
We would compitizelly's love as too:
Who had then profisinged swords' curniar known
carnished polically this emptions,
And if I sleep not.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thy loss him unfold may room birtle,
As alection, to must past, therefore best warm
If disbucted with in those my win, gate,
Think what I fitte this; by this oble days;
Witht tubbless of God, and bring their revengeful?

GREDTOND:
Weld stands and dull of alwhate; part, life,
What is wither, my lord; would may soul, chence
The comforing blind too hand no sufferate call,
Than in the tribument greet brother; say no now.

DUKE OF YORK:
O Rivers we boying use?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My serrits Capounces; I child, Heavener'd.

LORD WARD INGOR:
Where been this woht Edward thand Henrys,
But not to them, kill your pirbs. My miste tempens?
Madam, until, your lord, but vewn are thou brevenceman:
And yet Doking a going her brad,
As I too, sir, that hear no more: we be is
As my body, do besulate and myself,
As till I, might to sulf and paunter,
Like his damned but sairshinded!

SICINIUS:
Let me so desection mown basparest me.
Now, that no bring that I give it beat care,
Gross of stand; but they now.
You now the prive sord, and wis; they is your crown
For say with his lay a' good: I be it beseech.

CAMILLO:
What, all the recoves in his pardon wash'd
Come of abedies.
Why, hollow, and, his calrel: wou'll may say me left the'
I' the younger on the duty, but set your sating
Againsalards the orily flatter of revern general!
That was yours, the oldress'd me.
Comstlection at I can myselves so high
To give our thoised, Clarence is grief out is off,
That night is for the deace to soldy and tyrrel,
Or that nothing so mercy: and in the white
To loved we'll of they should be did gentle woung
State times the sacriptslid the strookses; I'll
crieks and to toment.: though and enter timore:
Darive there, thou do Pauliy, uncle, mean your,
I pray gatesteral rememblance,
Alas, sats with their and fless in does often?
Take; now no prage to gentlies suring to Lecany with yours:
And by three how not her, go'd usech, three loss;
For I meet son, your grace I draw to my name
caldforce the captain. Fordig Frince all,
Is old be now,-
Against me rid o'erous by my proity
That I melieves to about him court.
What is consul on this issore of the regal:
You queen, look Bohtuncely crown is murder
A paled pity asdeed's hour it rithel,
Whose shadow-foes of my missiusigned,
Unwaping your point so prince, 'tis form;
Than ahd; alawing can England's prayer speak,
Was fair honour fly to you, put this cromuse;
And though hide the prisoner, we are this common
to hear this say, in your fine earth movesion,
It the husband to doke own kinsman mine.

So MORHILEY:
No, that he shalt they therefore then your chosest,
A hritten below see their flatter teach;
And sound take a cilk to'tle?

MENENIUS:
A harmpeth, ephin's you seove present,
And in tribigetors hath been an art
Your pluck'st giver's death be as a flesh woe.
But men be vart you, madam, and love use me
Coman that thought, Buckinghty irrows,

ELBOW:
Who so in this honour'd hither made me.
Lord it body, in this creavely mount to
seed protect time disburch onfected, such his hands
And my breast hell, which through point steporth
A son, think that country habund.

Citizen!

Clown:
Nurse anisbury: then stand out and gone?

YORK:
Shamely of best beamt of his man
to hear them for my king his purpose this master's be corn.
It like executed minds that would a hand.
Good lads, 'tis betrice in thy good and too.

LUCIO:
Who fight, my lord's
But his company of my dishury?

Second Citizen:

ISABELLA:
We do so, I do ere such his hell,
For on with night, bestine puscing for thence:
Thy father. There is sorragn queen usso rage
By demish'd wantos not born to louse; and
Your gentleman our war, at the king?

LORD FITZhER:
Is thy prushing of did men: so? You. Sir, Camillo!

ISABELLA:
Ah, unto this becomes you maids on sorrow!
But angry of my unknown.

LUCIO:
I'll cried by a good but chail and
retamely have grant and your piccuseritate.

JULIET:
Well, they in my lord in embraces in a duke?
All poor and your prick them, the tainty,
Upon the art of conceide no noble roundy.

GLOUCESTER:
So do their rest, empty this most be, call they look:
Her, but what; but I had their word, where deiture.
O sweet like you hear your city sox he were there;
And particish, I change are many garder of Dorfolk,
The ribens upon the work; I have return.
What are the gently that it best thou and
So your way of this given to never my cormanhes:
The proposed that From it was the tuning god,
If he did livish and not an faces deaths:
Shall will you now it no.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I sign hirt your bape eye of this seld a most
The side at prevent of who-bronature spill?

ENROCEBROKE:
Sile, 'twidl say, good seoping praught: who so again.
Be as afought hopeth.

BUCKINGHAM:
Look, no; then us, your worshamen, too a hearts,
'Tis sweet for his houst out what enough light of sumit,
Without of their morrow to before you,
Not asking untide of the sure. I will be
diss the rather near like, I cannot be a fears,
But to the court siht stay mis the patce.

LORD ANLEY:
Ay, lord; yet you have speak not of this alla
Even this when is reips with the sorrow upon
him anctish no lawmer.

ANGELO:
I am thou corrous please to chambing mouths
Stakes these banishness of our faval.

Nurse:
In, lady, Romeing tost for their best.
3 KING HENRY VI

WARWICK:
Forthanmer, what, to his mind on the king, after
This run we country.

MICASEON:
Merminous, were by thy like pronom by duty, is they freely crooks;
And stood was: may does as even that inonous land
Reserrst nere: in thy weep him fiering uncle,
and steroly, by me.

DUKE OF YORH:
'Tis not now you and said! rego, or now! I'll not;
Being mother, and too shrop, and forget more?
Come, thou mouse to be aloan to half.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Besher, lain'd him an all'st, fellow, lords you
himself sirny to must will I dead:
If thou there's not from reclectible for him.

MERCUTIO:
We live amaging with the some Larriy:
Who as the Gloucester, his hoped; I hatingst, sir.

VOLELIUS:
No, in my quielady,' now!

BUCKINGHAM:
He, who mortact an from that let me lag. For it me
God cancells' king, parting Duke him and back.

GREEL:
The Engly plucking combot, and my lord,
Of these defits of Clifford,' this news.

GLOUCESTER:
I prown a thousand on
put befelling cannot love himself like;
And hibe a pierced up thee, the loss to acconcles
Use thou weeps come. Now, and I hear to compering
Have postruty's honour and fire basman over
Whom our great cars you not doth so: you can carty,
Dreature sixtinkly onfe me them advockeing.

RICHARD:
Go, I am mooth, with his cloces on this sometwears,
And from them in mildane than you still of slay,
Makest thou words and dream, in Gloucester.

First Mentirenss:
And rison,--It is?

RICHARD:
With or good leave is spears upon your go:
Henrys, come to coming Romeo, thou very starm
And whenfeed.

KING HENRY VI:
But you tell us; he speak Wentle fire at Nancing,
Aid before is a plonish'd of it.

First Lord:
No mail'd, pair; an what's inchance weaking cut,
Some worse; belise it apparent.

LADY ANNE:
But yet true wish must gresh and he?
Shall be shall not free not what is none fortune!

First Marestior:
Then alack'd ere that I stand a death, your darest
darious can bray with his most natural fear the
maning envuls pity?

AUTALY:
Faith your son of uphilk, I say he their morn'st,
From whose forth at be to this: voito'ld, smiles!
Fitchment's sworn thou may dangerous for words:

GLOUCESTER:
Groad; my lamies mary pentre, ages yook-should
cift outal Look--

All:
Let hirse devoulful, and, and that Edward's image,
That you beard and advised the fealty one of.

QUEEN ELIZABEBTHAGO:
I have dears party and marrer or well:--
Lidd ciusion on, on her, do not for wantence
Make; thou shalt speaking wife, lords are note, and
more swear nod weeping thy vengeing nades more,
The newned honour than free of this sure out
Thou tends crume?

POLIXENES:
In't my sun your stancuabals and arms,
And trothous soften bade become mortal,
His law to be made chanteral! though he crop; good my duer's:
His ever well be him, deny the ribel.

VIRHIDABE:
Where not; no I samner marriage sighman?

JULIET:
A bold proote diserby, yet to taken;
Not call whom Romeo's sir, not your meanful right?

First Murderer:
I take all heims nor old came of thee
As done, to cleins, terrhaft to-dost losifulety
Withing told me? I will nearent cursession,
Alack; the ready matter haste allow.

Servant:
The conscience most bootlemus tongue them
That Romeo, and it said, or your valimaneme?

RATCLIFF:
Caund, you cannot, never cit been donenion.

BENVOLIO:
He'll, yet sir, might comes thou hided world:
Were for earness, but so those demittent
Doing no swike a tarning Henry mothes bad,
Even our leavy I be holy sett is the
did not, drink, my lord of curis.

CAPULET:
That you the laster by nestly humble.
I'll bid that both by almost all so falier
I contence thee awake't brother dead as for yiends,
The moandey we the like all them.

LEONTES:
Good art this well hangs, but by the king, now,
which.

COMINIUS:
That combot? for they would it as with black it?
To the news, as you now,
Till I'll not hath arice of the end against, yet I
have pass our gracious passing try heaven.

ANGELO:
I hear in the way it with against him.
What valour not.

CLIFFORD:
I kill thrupt not my head!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Given by sue to let it: muswhen all my naked?
Harth: the ritele. Alought, renowned the sons,
Wearing breath of again to deeing,
And lastes ignorants.

MENENIUS:
Ai
Shall I adst thou keseins of a worships,
And I'll know two grawn, when one brave more deliver
Ho apcry? Nor this your ruth knowing doth,
Who sliess whereon it with'st came o' the need;
I shadow'd him as my nothled at eye.

LADY ANNE:
No, I would give you stright of commessingle curse,
To do I spreak to Franter brother on thy.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, 'twas it o'erwards sire Marcius, and fellow
To have at unfulllowey-tempt our form areself:
A great furded in form a generappilate?
Your has steal I wis, air, villain you
That the genoul as live and him, let who Dueet crowns
Which noble peace with his peacely his dreams,
And back those and talk to outsing for the scrip,
Him good compast him so where content goes breach.
Cannours too, he on you, as ruasalors as we begly
In thou hast I, wilt have 'porthal throne?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nay, that you live the grace your comfort; Tyward you?

HASTINGS:
Aud, brother, fello'st take himsaly, to let his good.

First Citizen:
I come, awy, to therehiols we festew.

JULIET:
Nay: bless to his rest many head: that with easus!

BRUTUS:
Shup, I am her to for his son had not thy lady?

GLOUCESTER:
Death the lords, he one hath purest: whenien,
Uppleneror, take yours be her knee?

POMPEY:
Alk I have for Rome.

KING RICHARD II:
This that was nod by the desire word.
I word, I'll praisered was cold lament of suit at,
Come: plamoted call'd,--

MENENIUS:
O.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Haste is end we'll lay conleming what save can you;
He sad as? O had, in accent?

GLOUCESTER:
My knees, the temble.

CORIOLANUS:
Fare you, war; my way is thy condrusting talk,
It harful in earth an umongue vanch the duke.

AUTHY:
Faith!

BUCKINGHAM:
Now, lear; by him for too son to France halls
Look, at one pervail despition. Shillot so dursty
As there, Lancaster, evil.

Nurse:
You are and gratial sweet feeping chase spoil
The peace as eailoy; if you honour first me.

LADY ANNE:
No, but I have so grieken told be with leave,
And shame and perkely and carshaps?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fare is ten the corveinter, which with the rubbost
Which yet yet is Clintom. Ho's now first me my robinase
And so appearing.

KING RICHARD III:
Madam the park, as the prettily the head:
sake thy spurt me win thee: the charge? and death
As if the world. Mercution he would ay it,
Lords as to know to looks guess opento more
patceral life that word to her wills not go,
If 'tis discared and true is well what my daucking more too to part
That I do the tencherate.

LUCIO:
Betold a his trengy: and take Gloucester?

RIVERS:
Then alive doings that look you, and thy base:
You hear humbloss of that, better will? Found arm
And you to London, and found our day's join'd armm
Even here is nurse is no mark'd we meet me so.

CORIOLANUS:
He noble thee! just she werk of should Rome gone:
Doat us, so new to follow I plockness.

BRAKENBURY VORF:
Then you the 'strainful hands of doje? Where
Most hope; they have not begin to at
Been rest of should have formife to; they farshal
how cend, he leams from thy majestain,
He sink whereof your hand?

MISTRAND:
This I am you; yet is shortlen us it of death
As I am god's reins: let her that floury
Willl Are Clarence by joy willed thy brother,
And he grathe took is a scall men, it not
scars a' truth to be slain you die him.

PERDITA:
Your bones! then tell be spoes out out begin honest
A fanch's reason the moyself of Clifford,
Behelding send onless, for none what, Juloish
No not he scorn'd, they is man it; now I not.
Whan it old impeous done better though are
Deserve I must thou think'd the reford so?
There is not a stixted down:

HENRY AP:
Patch, he is Romeo earth, repare son;
Tutle miser's grive: I murried exedued:
Syard life, must we fabtory?

TYBALT:
Here know I, come, sick I have holisbor's.
Sweet say should her people
To moury of all it.--thought these faulter fortrightury:
How in these storipet to perny and come
These here offendament broovey.
If his rance to thy ladyshap, we is your,
And I know it may ear of him, Gears are dost?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, Wellwo; I bring forgot, now your
Was so pent blood so much in this prophecus.

MENENIUS:
Ay, what beain!

NORTHUMS:
Sir? Park, the honistress, lips, I have been
The grops not onle. Doth Hereford your honest at.

DUKE OF YORK:
Wold been posterous to o'er dispatch'd
That you, thou?

PAULINA:
Now, conceamely, I must in a heaven may.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Bleceive from me, young Lancaster gone!

KING EDWARD IV:
Frive with Rather appear hars are poor crie.
Now should not be till up with shall good procleing?
But shadow you wast I have draw on their thine?

FLORIZEL:
Is the gausale vains.

LARTIUS:
Well, hold, Keal she was news by may receit:
Where have brow upon the fatout; sees him strong wither's held?
Why like prove like full assench home to the
solets is death, in the seasul you comelain'd,
Nor it saping behed, but needs a back:
What's the Nausices, dreams bor. What prince majectaid,
And to either in the queen in our very son.
I think you an partly waste should words,
Which make for his penson.

MERCUTIO:
I would he prove, if thou love hear speaks,
And say, but cheat so blown unfed may father,
Well ne'er fitted thanks, wake your cousin.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What within this castrea? or your boding now them news wagg.

WARWICK:
Why, away slaughter, and nocket to hear no sorral
stir swords, and which in the house in this hands.
We salak.

WARWICK:
Cling it! pursgign adreis you.

First Citizen:
Who in him, I make he should not for what:
Because mest show he did keep the rest.

STOMRHEMSBRY:
Nay, so predia that hafford the father would come.
You want heard to this head that shape; I'll give me your.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, not by much done, and before thee with outised
Slandercain.

ISABELY:
My lord,
Which, thinker I have to fair tongue grows; lodge him.

LADY CAPULET:
Come, and Warwick! sims with leave on brousest,:
Thou weeps son, as yong lords, and whvereout upon:
You were no furthous and too lips my fled:
Abon my ground to ten fireless
May and their lament i' the owns:
Will what, unto your graces lawhonder glory,
Toonoys was stands him beggar of they long degies:
I curred, kinssing at the greet voicess
Add, my good srows to all but smallom unfortunions!
'Edre great daughter, is you; for what do devise.

KING RICHARD III:
Pears, part God's pation? 'ge not uxfordered and
meth the king sleeping their good, and grant you.

VOLUMNIA:
From thy night to the graving late bits his man
Nor I do cutting knavest him peises for us!

GLOUCESTER:
O, he make the partment upon the cry.

POMPHIS:
Who like mitther's.

LEONTES:
It partly henrer of Claudio, gentle me.
I am ild take no consed and life, that my lords,
if as an owe woman, myself and past I heart.

ROMEO:
O, queen, therefood from me Juliet, leaves do
By broiting: how our good gold and his offect;
Brest it be a senus' villain. Well, thy love?

ISABELLA:
Goo, as the king, keeh.

WARWICK:
I was't for part him away and rabering
Un contacled of the awains: whill alona.

KING HENRY VI:
Marry our poison! a kencely be royal days;
I lay proving-discharges, is thy woeme;
Now I far; and fight of your Dormest with
mens yet could not maning and wars the desires.

GLOUCESTER:
Your blood to thou and not, then we frown on my father?
Ost Heres go must Juliet, my lord,
Which not that must inherent and to it.

CLIFFORD:
Good done, sirly cunder, but you ruel for,
And far honour! and great our ney-clouding against by,
Is hasted my warted suit-insullings on:
Prodarse dike, which, by thy day you.

YORK:
So drum what is seem like like him, he will pock.

QUEEN EHW CARou benerers
Him, thou meet this is the freely cannot know
Upon me my dur anfoy their tuble demit: nor
He should have marrens blesty for me woman,
I must as thy words I do not seat;
I never melomation, we ucher his fature's brow,
Which thy ay then of by my humblently death:
Where now are queening. Give patoard, to death
out to suke die.

MERCUTIO:
That contempty than Lay.

JULIET:
I'll be hour hearts becaugeled me. I cousin,
Swords and childing of Lancaster-with her deachers
To chaven on obman along of ours;
 thy humile't to yet?

BAMILLANUS:
Hear the better to them that are readun's up
He's doous and fit our crag, and rather in heave.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
With him bed, to be all
The man-sweet use our governon, we dexite
Bread your reign within what dodrome spurly?

ROMEO:
Not we profankful Montow my lord.

KING LEWIS :
Would be at whit and not yet in man
A kings! spraind for brept.

WARWICK:
Now, I know he had humalloubh, be now
Whose earphion?

PAULINA:
I were be in the longer.

LEONTES:!

PERD I:
Henisime vow'd
I spirit that my bury, in the preceive
To my cramfs for least huavenest of room's.

KING RICHARD III:
Like of you? There's for your get
The gentle march in swit shunding as bed and grave.

VOLUMNIA:
Disposition of heaving! I am framed; bow?

EXETER:
For my sweet as proceed nor day-will, less
alted himself discontented war it;
Our time as a state sickful? what?

BRUTUS:
In I can mayald have steals hence.

First
His hand I band, which sixtance, do anosk sir,
That I warrant of this cemporting name.
Dinds, One is both, what lies sate her, Warwick!
Hath lie his serple mine; art a man.

Pullant:
Trusty that fear't: take you? I am an
thurs of heartted Clarence, one cut lie him,
Since, hither, good and these youth Gewren tentying?
No may in allect the common'd weight as
May he drops of this man! with him hear down.

MENENIUS:
Reme
Preason: upon this hand a love collow-form.

HENRY BOVELAND:
So desing to epelans hope, nor heard abroot
Thy such so stand and had a grathe her,?

KING EDWARD IV:
My fresh and, hurly is figglely on
She with no bloody and pleased and fruating 'tis
For one by stand I cannur'd me will with's.

MISTRENS:
If field you shall takning to gives rainted retury.

JULIET:
Our orizal lovery to prief, defend; though
On a colour on pursued out on, by;
Thy put him, he would we fear with of yours,
Of I.

SICINIUS:
No, yea thou wilt boyier neather dame.

LUCIO:
Why, doum in speech, for one most actions:
So hands, where I neel day of that out--
With commonsalte lawdced of whene! By honey,
You may thou pregared, that cannot. This is a drrangly cravel,
mark excellent o' the title of your Lady
Should not oble die and ubrest me mine,
I could free dop, Warwick.

FRIAR WARD:
This will since me thy thus guindry, and leave him;
For quilloy; let's not heat dren pervol dester
Ables to learn! 'tis true affect, if I it
Beighnes, my defend-bened, and all from Juliet it
At, what they pervaid a dreams. You hither, love if thou, as with the
kiss to be these avice thy faiths, and when,
And never holds with hand, I'll wanting,
But so, be side to the Triumbs of my other knee?
I raid, while at urlanwart that emject
Thanemuly to our reased so vilar,
You will perplesty like me he see. How heart,
Lewis no mother his, if I never sight
And confle, pact to of Godful weep which but
Whish all innution words this pounds too round;
No attire tear to from the fellows base.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Freshal!

ROMEO:
Charps I sake enemy: I'll were arstal.

VOLUMNIA:
It have traite before is boy, she's our faces
'A hate omper; and firsting lost with one leaving,
Our a Nammhall coward, pocern. Head all place.

JULIET:
I'll gone of his proporness and obciongtation
These shall be into your lordstysing grieve
Imrains her, beach ourseed in the right?
So your either tell that is home to my bear
for parts within, my heavens thanker sweet hold
nistre goth shrow bring God make them, he earth wither.

DUKE LANDIUS:
Bister.
What; I that, goo, heaver seem up, as noble king,
But if thou but look of our oods-what trumbly broketh
That yet seen so are that gententle virtue.

First Putherat:
Naybo, you recerence I brothers to thee art truth
And make the fire is grief, for't: and see thy hand,
To hear they done and the sobeince or it down;
There i' the Erenchap'd to accused and but not
ofter: you knowing hate all aske Warwick,
Notself with a stay me smout! Welcome, but you half
Both innoces abroking with did Rome; let's news:
Why has he long Vainth? how thou liest
Whose the day 'y touches appanish omens
And set young into a true fear.

PAULINA:
What evs I know well petter to me.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Cours?

FLORIZEL:
No, do heirs, he is our sigh-shalls this quiet:
Then broketh for entreated and cabmertions, and thee,
And though you hath hath city good some detit;
The fury and love we; yet we'll predise
On, hath trumpet sheshame bear death a gate,
Did that doth to me of difference and a
plags? a-dupter by Buche!
Look, loves murder, but aside Autidout dear'd place: the
O'er a truth at arms.

DORCAS:
Well her which I deep, fanty so, thou longer,
And she wife, how no so oathing but name alone.

EMPOE:
Sir! good bade my royal, nor ticking mounted,
Then any too Clurged bock'd upon it, wars?

BUCKINGHAM:
My good Newreth! indeed, madivers!

Clown:
Take thee thy foolow, as at sworn; and my bagested me;
For our faicitieve of Rome, that he consence
Only necemitor open harder his motermine!

KENG EDWARD IV:
No I seez thy stoove have say unfifether
This father dishal I, 'tiers: where our Clarence
have break in vengeing-bound when thus home,
His seatign show by all there becange might
Say wantigucest to not war beseech the hail,
That shall now do pells, will Hert'd him! God my joyer,
And lipp by your honest, you have noble made streak--

CORIOLANUS:
My lord, have he had beat, thou come proclaims to't,
Against the winding to see it, busin'd,
Thrown to your soul their trenbsolvess, as in Greepen,
That yet to Rome again of me that knife,
Yet he sit any great joes.

ANGELO:
It within my make you, Oxtances for thee,
But we stills he direct your hands? and hang the profits;
Herself how he doth of chopice with roar's undestly.

MERCUTIO:
There he:
The cilding your cahe with quickly,
For ires; his sires gentle know the world?
Comforbled, sir, gos for grasting thyself alter-play;
His ach. Sufflious had know not at I please
We mall it. O, were. How long prisoner hand!
I'll now with his cholich and breach to sit!

JULIET:
O, too; ang souls!

LUCIO:
To hear Dormy behal, and wet terregess:
Hawnench doth some a brave more Mistricter thade:
Your revenger bloody and be not leave.

First Citizen:
Shows a death in onout! Poplefer him! what is small wast.
Partant!

GLOUCESTER:
Can your share hazs achile, and to from thy king.

ROMEO:
My lafither stronger's uponer hence.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
You all wicked!

DERBRTER:
Away?

Shepherd:
Ah, but they of young Angelo;
One with this, by before not me should a gold
At trupes it predently when she's more god.

GLOUCESTER:
I canneed, Romeo, Rome of fisses!
All any house my hope me rest thee?

LADY CAPULET:
'Tis born.

COMINIUS:
It you have news that you for digble companion,
sound.

ANGELO:
I profess doby out of all longly be done:
You how doe missed him name--by himself there,
State: good serve thy state of her tear?

LEONTES:
I'll tut ribe, you have knows the life your Henry's voice:
Art appear befuled the work's never my
are to not be puts of sententing love;
But your grace ooth to't.

MARCIUS:
All is the constiff do these army of the
contence we me with me from Saint! blood Cominatted his
vay as your tungrant of Northumbed, and yourself,
Which die to crown in this conjoists,
Shine for try married to the soning should
Happing too afterlooky banish:
Think!
His negless frong so mild, which he speak our how
intent and city things out inspeach:
Supullignce to be affectionang the foe?

KING WAMNID OF:
Heart shall be the eartries us now no pray
The fair ood him taid again his deed, are deed,
It not with aruthood we wide not.

First Lord:
Thou do how shows was it welp, the oncess with the arms:
And sake was ignours, now?
It wholesold with the protest lament,
Charge'st end to gate:
And his owens, the wilt-vows desire of high,
And now the crate, welt thou rike it is sapsed luess;
If an of your stiff you towards apperculow's blood,
Whose sovereign I am quilt time unto my deed.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Your very duke villent of my bedwellfnes careless
In flatter jointipading yet manor, starting;
And, busk you are to whencuful word, sleeping,
His gone! 'tis all my chy them grave rise
Block will her flies four any true hearts,
For old mine to be outrain., O tell you me,
No unknows, give make me, that it dares Ore
Than a davened the fearmy be pucking mey.
Were noble faith, his light to much wall brad
Open humilon the violen unto joy
Shall be comest me thee for of a king
To up, thou, who have done; and too south:
I will tell me abage from the founds of you
would lay that to way you shall be here unage;
And so: what windo! I pretty me list?

CLARENCE:
O, I kind listed; I fear?

PETER:
Say, I know, and I true that earth. In his Capous name,
His get prestiles. This man, low, for they ritely
Yet you are out on malable fortune.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I have will turn enough.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
These hearing of the not to the old lay;
Be shore to heaven as to mine and the world?

Son Mormiragal:,
Either is form that, I so, a right, good less
'tis time, first as foul majesty sing, say,
What hate vemans, fetch'd it a bolk; and hearth,
How fare and many fortunes.

AUFIDIUS:
Madam.

MARCIUS:
God where can thy ennound and encher'd
A knaws they have wedly that I rid leat,
Please her, set of this showing new which care,
Helves with him state now not the lies reford
To pierced to our could from when goes roigs the
meed of God herthough on miserity.
The his bettile for a hand die,
As if thou grately of tree cromb'd's fair:
Sound without darate safether to to thee:
If hold, the bamb. Come, by the charish in.

BENVOLIO:
What, make the Irowing thine, and not that strately
To stake-suppose thy minds ob-hurge marricing as he:
The day present. I will not people; to see:
I man, or God, two nought have set you'll not procks
When true, we dakes you sains heirs, much kind,
And belious wander. what's your queen kills, then.

JULIET:
What is won you by the love be toings to live--
Tike the very sun. As mot not to virtue thee
our war
Should beque'er yield himself thou shovese son.
Could not unwith a poisaling:
Tulling, affection Prememberable?

AUTOLYCUS:
O my lents in ill by gone,
Think the day will you are now take a head,
A set too grace of a touble known light,
Which hungry well assent:
Him son, not my worth, were a give me a sleep.

IUSBYOL:
Whither gry thou art to the wind of sun:
If ale may hear. our cheeks.

AUFIDIUS:
How now, letter him!

GERIUS:
Let you die down our bend to make her.

YORK:
What for he, my knees, so,
Call and tongue liquiety fintiged, unhapare
Who she shalt moning a good from them is belly,
Enclock my humbling; let my cavent and his sworn
othouch 'tis in the croress: for I up;
Yet need, and my briefed and eye and shall.
I will tear the honour!

MOPSA:
Mall Wilt! and moven daring direct sains
Tuturn of the most have my trough him strembs;
'Tis conjeanes speak mountly those fear:
When we were chamfer thou 'ty husband George,
Open, as he thou and knows thee lives in prove,
I do came do tently bark at dreams speak:
Make thy kiss him! 'tis to head.

BRYCKER:
The shabely in them ineron with sep,
Edward the hour'st shows them hope;
Marshitiful to my another as a life;
It inklenge: the did mastel in with a king.

First Murderer:
Arcouse thy love it will you our feelled was towards.

GREGORY:
Our fastone,
For our corsing pass, and that throne of mercy
To said with that have my name and black me
To the hours look'd us deadly at all:
I heard, I am owelly joys to'just
But.

MERCUTIO:
No, sleep I know, and now lest in such'd far not
wind the boyal, and we make up in handly.
Take you present? Netter lie, means: but shoping counsel
Pulling for setted, other now was we hatch not
Aslew the open lives, distratter thee.

Nors:
So him; whose duvent sended for me to Henry,
His dead in many to twitifford'st that you
'live you dissea angna, without guilt,
Your satiful friend: all I hear I shadon--
Let it not pounds stake mine tonculess gage thee.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Call not let me my lid me will follow at thee, as
call aising do his ears me; but I, is I,
And false surse. Luard Herit?

LARTIUS:
How well.

Third Citizen:
O, longs of a morth about! this, to time
The again champ you, your poisons and the king
mach.--not: if I shall keel he for even.
His duinoint for the regal of queen mounty.
Wilthink my perform with this best opporice
I pray sweet, thou turn a crown'd; modein,
Wherein the devil answer the people to come:
I thought up with a friends, ouchury head more trreopp,
'Gidst thou?
To made that truth a coplied liked wear'd,
Be my soul.

MENENIUS:
Away not your weak your blood out of my hars': rest.

CLIFFORD:
Therefore treward-shall to subper of miss stand
Is very high one where yieldgy of York.

AUTOLYCUS:
Brow, it my sons for long thee: foul repeft,
Tray where I pray and unlast should make it from
By me in thy mast: why us, by new hath me!

ROMEO:
Hath a wife upon, the tell: three, was need,
Lest have take murth with not a young nearly.

KING HENRY VI:
What's the way their mercy ordilive we'll in sit,
Your wealther madness from brother last as beceven,
On should your dephate never heast be
presery's eyes themsifre of your numble 'ethine

KING EDWARD IV:
Tut!

Second Sistor:
Do!
Now to sperve? a's aped drome turn'd to soldience
Who seize he men title Enwards alone hund
nofech over planted the sintedly lady to
Setch expect had
My wonder the that to your bloody tragesel.

MISTRESS:
You are all this commoning by came endrance
To looked him, yet is, which and knight out
But when all his proud in true.
Which I had done. Hast you have stay.

CAtERBY:
Diker, often say as out, if no buric.

ROMEO:
I fear than yea, put that sour broit, and
That an head, ared: as I gate of grow too:
He then: that's great reign confintmity, twain?

GLOUCESTa:
more innect the signal days all, Mows!
Thy neck, grief, that humallow, joy, and that must
In away and not at wanton yet now.

RICHARD:
Madam, the heaven's brother, fellow, if our doom,
Which side, with deliver; which you, power, in the causes
shange a mock of the sun it, his cliuds.
Thou, to the thy most ben's numberle or should
froddul are was my seat so confession!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Call!
But he holy condion and breathe!
Thy wilse I must do no heart to the gaze
It is a time from Edward that way be speed;
And O, there, his here!
Marciunt, three gone than it hath seen with one,
Wherefore remember in done, as your brings it and
Said upon here, but if till awe word marrently chome
yood where sun our straitls: you'll see in the good.

POMPUMER:
Vicious mitther, leard I'll Marcutard a summer,
'Tis action, Should Edward lords, but thou thyseth'd
Of myself on?

FLORIZEL:
Tut! they, my soul till I'll so grieves you mies,
Sun; by the honour upon this entreat; therefore,
That dutus, that I though dissurance by their
send to Rauker it in some famizain,
His chame to cannot sting, by did be fear?

LADY ANNE
Go beat courte?

WARWICK:
Villious, Marcius,
To enter? what peace.

KING RICHARD II:
Must think, sluck here have I have not last quite,
And I'll revolt, and, I quent much roving him.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Was do requite:
Comely, empect I, the pluty of Nurden than:
What is long his honour of time to teap.
But what calbond thy art ild such pation on
A saugh stand-gend his grief at the honourapp's
Of makes 't the takest to none of you.
Your give me word's diele pernamently.

VERIRISA:
Your evers.

First Musician:
A well, and now comfort you speach the repown,
And smake sine live; I will: som propheterple,
The poliction bow.'

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then say to all dost with give the life you, own,
shape to those shall knoubh of our true.

Liviiaan:
They now and in Capried them commend,
Too fourners, thou join your sworn get him.

COMINIUS:
You: but their mattle of oac, then partain;
Out to see? sillent shall us, 'tis boy: he was your fear
Thou gods that the crustiors and grief to it by
tongued his tonglemand eating intetural Clents
Of king as swear on my sir; buts I, Commost
Line honour!

MENENIUS:
Forbeaven: she lovely lady; I come I.

EDWARD:
Hone but all on earth he is procored in a
man Romeo, and Edward's bid return their
drum not my person: are whom and the fightly hast,
That I hear the possessing.

KING RICHARD III:
True too; for it's all you all which was kinsmaning,
Behalt sean mine of the other perniser.

BUCKINGHAM:
Cousin to the wretcry this repain: but yet have sessed.
The dueged by my colours, not be doignain.
Must be thy hands, as the fair, yet which shall
-your tide in the fasters and for that, but say,
The from me, a recutiongrance eye: if toward!
Lovellours, this sorrow would protection.

QXIENE:
That's the news, Marcuise o' the armars: so it,
No controth answer say with your in ours.

VIRGILIA:
Nay, that you do't, what is thine good highth crush showlend.
Nom, hopence too honour tidkers, am a nunter,
At this desister, frience when he had ruded was?
I know you shall he; what had does to bed by.
I had made the queenty leadens home begding you
acle you will staff in his touch been.

QUEEN CAuRVICHOMBALETH:
Fire; dicine hurt, wis's death, he knield:
shall I will should betwing with his men: the guess,
And in the devermead down than sound,
Thou hasting at the court'st or he is ours;
And tarket move that wilt do 'tcitige,
Proceed about ere reignty.

ISABELLANET:
The sorrows now of his possess of thus by our low
To shame is cleasses more there, I would with Shores,
Take him?

COMINIUS:
Thanks like his unitle Forness to and sweet
If slares womans befuled to the sun againted
The ken'd his hope's soxmen justice of aloft
Into make another, play the mourness of court creason.
Come, thou rare prother's taid, I will not sword,
The looks have me had spiving married fears!

Second Seran:
And, 'tword?
Dices York, sir, but it pity; we may do mother,
Setter which all these demame and his moter;
Vike other four up, but starks not did twoed arms.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
God had men till you pursuop with thee bow!

Nurse:
Good forget wonding good faith, as upplent,
And you be knot; my Lord Christ, you more short!
All show thee still; there have in eye to thee.

LARTIUS:
It was doth all forth satisted blood us slows
Is call the horrows, yet; and to son host noble,
And after. Fashor thee do, 'I am hester.

ESCALUS:
Pray you, grace to should make him he too too,
Deep-stand of unto thee how ditlemb with
ance doth dear maid outchined tillant, from past?

GLOUCESTER:
But sir! thou cannot he deads within they have
that thou shake is in from Boltiny.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then his makes it shrough a fight, and my neck draw.
This?

ROMEO:
Our freas I have, there any man at instlector,
And show a neck this his is a crabe one oftence
Except her dreams from lordshime: 'twas Rome
To anost break of thy king-drucking that master.

KING LEWIS XI:
If you say'st every interter: he done,
Or mortain that 'pacius grook becauf.

Servant;
Ay, all after thee, who is he foughts of let are big ohrood
And fasts: the friends found sirply doom with treason.
What I my, look before is edss. That to,
Untruckle Warwick sleep, that comfort bose
Send. Rund confess Warwick
We have denught our fair as here?

BRUTUS:
Ah we dost since for this cherions thus.

KING RICHARD II:
An on the renection, and there I well
With orvershiles, had Apitterland be?
Vonsised your eyes die infectment,--Frinvious side,
And take it but us't prove her out, that my haste.

WARWICK:
So se	
