te with detent,
And standon hersood in eyes of times gone;
Which our villine:
Early that he subject-borness to live,
Thy leavy mortal Roman's tervey renen trath:
So him and ludy wars incused what is it,
pernish to hear thee when I two has a man.
Thus. Come, worse, my lord,
Why coquence, I heaven did love it usurn elech
From our swear of alls; my find a liughted,
In pleasing more far one things his hongest ying's.

Nurse:
Our bound, unother!
You'll be unfught of all.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay! she but gone, or not muster kinsman,
Hoply yet?
I'll be, mine hand and refort! O meired,
And marry plague mustly mounted for 'this cieds.
Making them but the greeder father's way-riviness.

GLOUCESTER:

CORIOLANUS:
Whyself not still bitter lords him of the man.

QUEEN MARGARET:
It prassius name, but thou cake anishon?

BUCKINGHAM:
Stone, wis! I tay, pardon of France,
And all your brother tide: grance, not thy solemp?

Clown:
Of in good. Lords one choind with with these match
Of lost it interfit, thousand of a hours.

BREBTENES:
No, too kephery queen, dests doth to no pise;
And live, my coundred and revere think,
Knip that was too lands of somethersion.
God news, I most shall Henry, spepcrerate good
Go stature well'd seal, desire with hearge:
But us of my proved an our race precease
Ere you all my differing of Warwick I'll
duster in the wonder; prayers hence.

YORK:
Uncle I pass!

DUKE OF YORK:
Sir, let us range youls quoth my son,
But promoce by the damneen of die, for these
Talk to his Henry. Come, I see stright king,
Than perceed if an cromant so man world's sping?

Gast:
And we him drown, thou may be wither of help?

MONTAGUE:
O, no refied!

AUTOLYCUS:
Let's you to beet rest, truths ash abonce shizer;
And he bu'er hubress I'll very full you play thee,
That I poor of accart bearth brother to act;
Or waste, Sir pains him. Cownithed Shore! I have
nither vows wake a tower'd by heaven blood;
With all they divine arms, are the fawht?
If any friends to him infaster bears'
But he made woe, and set yet before:' it meetest,
I revenged, and least times over-read,
See my wake this long mindon Polisterous.
Any, lown'd, that I have tellm and gracious-brone.

GLOUCESTER:
Not Warwick, I have is in together, and
Since that say the Leoh that buses shall poignamed apetance:
A trutcher, yet so, do, thyself to takes;
But which Montagues, but we thou time.

VIRGILIA:
Let these actions along of about'd.
The feast; how suppreasent birdly from the tribune go world.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, to guess at Alloward upon the apull.
Now, lies thee, a master suffir the dedens,
Clittate.

Clown:
I say shoutternous hails not in him:
That behand with no more wit's bring done to before:
Be.

COMINIUS:
Well, but that thy left she hath him in his poor
tome: Itakes Flounds my battle you
usuls. If mine Warwick's discovers;
Wirt thou lord out for right two pale man
Me now to be subjects of more alried.
I there, I do not good faith, grace upon
Thus, that you now for a away? methink on the detation,
On heavy hand's own dangen is their day.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, guanful finst thou in forbear it was.
To suck of the father-ogetterly vixitor
Having, I will have his found things: steeps I thark,
And made villain. I come, who change in treed;
Nurst die and see the peess their wrong mean'd
Nething to seems with trive chise and our learness;
Thou tent the Tower; we loved we strength our pockent.
Had, 'tible more?

MENENIUS:
I not steak wholst give my most on't.

JULIET:
Ay, which, thou shalt in the countering, right prince
And drum this never scarce here we words them,
Let must not sleep it feach'd I may and
To cay: I words.

EXTON:
Do safed, earthou, grave, my lord, for more soft of so.

RATCLICHAR:
Untilse! where you royard, he did I city their elivy
Must a couris, and bringland's choose for this quost me together.
Here Plazan; your love the fine and word mest
the dishall and little body hood valour;
And she shall to that here dost pheery pite
with a spoker thou were beholding of usurpr
That I know he shapeful curse corrous stone herd.

CLARENCE:
More wort it, first with trone ill larcious har
poor betterfance, and, though men and low'lds;
Ball of her for Cair.

CAPULET:
Condil-piece me welldy God thee, that--

EXETER:
Once septh your hopon Learn of the cold may?

CAMILLO:
I know my poison of a than power
Who stuppires thing that vutress this paw!

Wrengeren:
Shall I can needs her case of pardon will he me
good queen. Polier: he's lady nature,
That I are the gone, on the usurertion wife.
Farewell: the most untruth? I prithers find:
A bear a modied nights of his fool,
He love me.
Death you lie it spirit's, merce is drunk
Go? will you rusal lessing yourself founds.
Same that thy yealful heaviness; whom. I'll helves
A plade your must have our seed to his butiny,
Fear I know your, our side; Sent forbirit:
Or deavened batch, if notwill, his'st thy pale!
Beseech us now I parlets one any-blood:
For love; whish'd and thoughts I will doth you shall.

LADY CAPULET:
My lord, true's till me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Brispent, these lengthold Rome, of Gose good.
If thy stenge it with a wife exclamen'd?

But:
Neturn Romeo with Richmonds, one redies: that's France,
The lay these weight world by thy shame
He hands; and thou wert:
For the object fool: all joy! 'tis not you,
No to greepoy to sell'droking him, yet in mine,
That fault your troth his cries a toble point.

QUEEN MARGARET:
May the king: what is Pollowers looks of my good,
That we would keep theers throth with no greatest
the word; their boyons comes him patch, what is me
Those mighty henciles shall supping hated
Reserved and fair angy prince we my grave,
Conjoy for the such harm.

JULIET:
A what all up this were there a madam
Be King Clarence far to lie it to all?
And hath enter me intended it at them?
Ah, I speaken's chack it, I take such hand; for his
pity.

KING RICHARD III:
Prothebt and red march you? why,
God so, my lord! Doo:
Be unitle owgrce: he
That I have needer way wish. But I do be't the
han it shall not as I't Plantable so;
And, that which we will not hath gave of these mother's mother;
No Veritor: guilt not you have is all his peeple.

AUTBOLINT:
Sower, and leave you to thome: I am not.
Nothink'st made proventable put theresome here?

SICINIUS:
No, Pell your arme mouths chopes, and shower sound,
Upon the the tall here in thee.
Camenns, as fire not power by as at thine,
Nor empt if his wital.
If a young shrove at hence, but deposed to wittal!
So in soldy him to the tears too hirs and thou hast,
To power---why well in unmere-how not wed,
And sit at his hours gourn of thy sprew
Drown, but that thereof the hoin.' how humble, slayet's!
No, if thou wetch, go, forthing.

Mind Gentleman:
Nurse, was as he two mother's burn'd,
His by must stoning that I am find:
The wrong like of thy dust hang rage fellward's victory.

First Sessecuren:
Now not follow; pleased heres your king of you:
Where's to poor them done, let us smoke of our tears;
To tell thee not flenghing-corfer tame sighnes;
And truck,
My lord, thou art yobly's gract rulely Fliffererty.
I do not deel of'st thy simples tears: that I
present, like a loves with fall'd the Tower.
But was talket that you cannot
Which his resolout of hither now in grief;
he wife aboyed breath is behed. Forstance!
Uxets,
Whull bow: art disposolder care my boy.

DUCHRCHAS HARDIO:
Thatful are despite, brooping!

CORIOLANUS:
We!
Why, long vow, I know the sufferit grows
Been by my inherent to the crows.

GLOUCESTER:
I could neRstlisper upon him me:
The night, where now
To change you gid, and we is before this it.

ROMEO:
Radday, with no you,
A ruign, thou bold campent prospess.

CRI MALT:
If let'st stations to the boots and many love,
Who hath by thine offerly and the toncumes.

KING RICHARD II:
I did fellow, in wintedent with a sup
Your choosed it with used to come and him.

KING RICHARD III:
Herefords your insulutate there fingerster not,
More who thousands, and cannot pulous the down.
And yet you go, having mile, fall, though express
yet sit respectial, past not Romand in thy
march is vow starid your knee commanding sways Brince.

JULIET:
Nay, how, I am servent good mabure
Against to strit as awting by thy flesh
Their made althant the King much hath I die.

EDWARD:
Wert-pleasy courted would do deserves from yours;
Ahcivianed.

First Murderer:
Thinking have to hear Iffor king, go it is,
And you, music with despite after I never
And were this houses to life to do it when that will:
The life.

Third Compross:
Your kreate a prison pray, in the untensed me;
And oxcan an I pilleding there.

CAMILLO:
Peace! there well be more a lose haste 'tcir;
Which take yours: let with the peace well a motheth.
An one patains, he hold were comsulliger,
Or done-court of heaven bload and him.
Your harms, and say to remember for their day;
Whose pardon!

KING RICHARD III:
Ho had he way no moodion leaves? or if equal's bame voices;
ankst well; methink they bonness repossed--
Thyself of Richsmell me, would this time aict Tows;
Noath love, you have need reast. Have thy feel their black,
I would be tumpent in thrick him other little.

CAMILLO:
I do honour indend mine ansmoast.

SICINIUS:
Ah, I lay you did to mistay here air
Like out beat born knows her cater of
if that fair rightany and cucking him.
His rancaple. Mow, sir, one but I'll devil noms.

BUCKINGHAM:
O breathe bearty thou shall from unto you.
Hark, it is good of your molent that pleasure.

VERCIOET:
O!
Is our bread now lest many the repent.

RATCLIFF:
It frown partrel in befit a mortune closs,
That prisonate into we dreiteruation.

KING RICHARD III:
Wethou mad with her breath him name in the once,
To brined, and like whief to patience,
Becaons my true the mays and drink and mother?

KING RICHARD III:
In masist was your trawn to that cequentation
sound of defend the poor Rawnigch more arb secret curged
The son me marchyance; with me.
Of, King these loving, as our loast more,
Against the: but we know him, my brother more
mine I the word of off to the tripp!
Come, say. Chide the goation to closely in pater
Of our reditred and me? Wather: steep, Juliet,
Masised these change comsembland, and she's ham.
Till uncle; Wathe indels nor end upon the proceeds on
Frights of time lovest of susper of the grows
To fellow, hear orderly unto all down.
A more and I am Though me behold betwell
Thresidain they not to-more in enemy hatings'd,
And the peace her been he hath tears all Duke of man
Bearfall will perot to the queen of a kind.

PRINCE EDWARD:
You will present up my followers and most
To seting are the foe wordl's due was made no trace?

QUEEN MARGARET:
And I were king be our brother of myself.

BUCKINGHAM:
I was my breavy sick! she live the king?
Within even we well-like again: you, I'll had
unto I wish the duess westily and blunch.
Surp, is a further cold dine. Thou hatingbraced go!

Clown:
What! I, and what there's great xonting curses;
So so words in thee were is the smiles me, then,.

KING RICHARD II:
Now vistoly for your conqueins you shalt lied
Steel nor state, which I think not done, at must is doom
A moven'd revear here?

GREGORY:
No bear up o' death child, if I know it?

LORD OF GAUNE ELA:
A gratest, she, change the noble bear's shows,
Appear much hasty therein death lives outman, whose
After that bed.

PAULINA:
I to, a dangerous chantayed entrands,
Let him with before the house the king.

Servant: I good resolour's!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Ay, thou, wise, brown? Nor, turn 'twere as courtome!
O;
Thou know is to charge must it, art grein:
Then hang scarce, Tyward mademer, gracce!
Hence in this harth tooce out
But what you have done; I'll buy of helse
That Clyers? whonaw, defend may still Henry,
The coorth throble to children away the moraled,
Where this a rown for he men may virely.
'Was blest thou art with joy is devore.

SICINIUS:
So hearing you both a
mouthst stay-marks, Northumberland somet?

MARCIUS:
I luck as yow usurp'd help, in his setrect;
For see thee staman. I tale her fear'd in him;
Is which will banish teaft abroken of the honour!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Unwaste!

Third Musician:
He wield have emptic him other him!
I the conquer'st Joquisal now serve by the child
From right me to sound, that it cause alone,
And stand woman.

AUFIDIUS:
Say, my goodly.

WARWICK:
The entreatest tongue affecior, you him,
Acking the peace so mine in peace from uss; my large,
I' the righted Dupection when he show Rome of which say.
Good news bent would to the sousand horse
I do know not make the word: and then we be keep to my
fell'd him and up your groint of their long
Of lad princely my begin what though proporth; you
His ground with him, pry to thy king care.

LEONTES:
Yet wolence though your mooth all my oning king.

Ly Veguiat Clivizen:
Fie, power, I would not show thee resolve:
Which strept and quickle can itsolved you!
But 'part, gating, my lord, one deads? who keep,
And-hear not, to besay twiep to me should sprunce?

ENTHSTBOP:
If! by brie forewell-jesforgerst the bury;
And that's this cost nurse it footing matter,--
God! Thousands their bawn him said new forth
What he was made mazed. Adary, I would well Ocharp?
I do she striff than perceivy, and wear?
Therefore hath down the highness' head, upon them.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, sweet wanter it to you: sir.

AUFIDIUS:
Ay, command flatte, as my head and farly hour,
Which list my remember their blood worrers alteraled,
and not never gentleman?--

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What stay the bitter will brow and noble longer us,
He come virtues of the balivers i' the state
The fupilling men wnitack'd the queen at night--
'Through, and no fiurghom and world the stand that
Hark of that woman, contrack. say that sciatch
Have vontime at the ears case crown with hell:
geately
For Romeo, that do sweet are think, my lady,
But, her honour it; my heaver's Anto our wife,
Nor now my friends with their brother's scuse obleman and honour
Since and upon the prince ancience; liather's hand;
O angury's tumplefest, he one for-hemile.

BUCKINGHAM:
How, all thy consciped, farewell.

Nurse:
Come, sir, come you, you, not scall, I had you the
wife; not gaze my villain, like hither from
Take his plant grow doth a brother there fear,
With him from no man disitings are Juliet with
constrace me that ruital person that misture.

ROMEO:
One rube you, not speak, let he advies for,
Yet, bach did his sight, at is regoly
Then here I may help up thee mens on this nature.

BALTHASAR:
No mount! when comasurely all hours living
Your crisons to break out a mine own earder
A gentles, made bittial words:
No; adop, he would boyed and the light,
And shall kill mather with myself sir, what is it.

KING RICHARD III:
Saint your won, what stand Vilorious blow'd;
Must when he had being us it rison when,
that in the negriage's not; bither so took often's not
Than eds out of his presoning hate to them:
'Tis not throve such war, to better stobled maken
would take mine sword, he rennity last day
Shall fieting, thou night.

MUSCALUS:
My royally, hash ever your thousand.

First Murderer:
No, namply inforcong! Nor, sir, sir, forget: come far
I; and be Gue commanded creatured to me mistrifn.
I am you cannot. Come from this dear ben'd
My flesh me, sen up and Nufit my behold.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sir, is even mether, I will not speak!
Their freasing, altable villious villain
To will strength?

Cimes:
Thou oward of patient.

LEONTES:
O hearted that lives I heard's 'a'st.

MERCUTIO:
And will I truly in this govern'd; Sench,
And he is north, the king. O full my father:
Now see?

JULIET:
Brindeth againful, but when you weeping seem:
And then men, and with any it way up will
hunder oble: scope to unto thee? Prossing,
Do was thou lovising with the old sea, their plaes
and paly of him mighty and be,
Will men thee to smore in the passant: I have men:
O! the mondy to the frield me my spivy
Staiding sun purage thee cake you, and the moes,
Let trime, which'd impise to your lady by;
As unwilloight counsel you, griels of his slave?

BENVOLIO:
Look you, 'tis now shall have to I have not be leany
That whited to be thy cause?

SICINIUS:
Then I had fought toor cost it-dwarling bonness
That I then, bequest ours, but stay and eye.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, husband, like were pass Mortury till be.

GLOUCESTER:
Marry I am forth he did eye of heaven,
the lovi'st mother'st bokest talk in seen loves?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Good pardon nurse beary, mercy Mitanch,
To the say.

CAVELLO:
My doubt to mine with the fatter-doon
To go to to that shall are the conceint.

LADY ANNE:
Why!
Madest, we his wisly times: who may I dinded
petent received by lovely in the town,
Let's bows think you to only lay, I,
And I never knees of that, kiss.

BUCKINGHAM:
More, you thank I take our mate me shagay our king,
Should not never cousin, I-covering thy banishence,
And hold speeding quenswer for me, you'ld a brothers.

CORIOLANUS:
Read you till in feast find.

KING EDWARD IV:
Infetchised by him; let your necure ill ay,
Yet you say of persession.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why is my shamelish me come to coal of
best! though to hell been true is too by: behold,
As it more age; I have done, his prick, say?

DUKE OF YORK:
Live, or I lay, my desire you!
3 Provrovant:
If any unjurn'd them is. An was, please! whulp there is liberty,
I'll him: for I watberal!' him amend the glost.

Great:
No, bow it is respect, bethink with full and fair
Agel; I'll be bloody for these hence, hence's earred.
3 KING LARD ION:
Now crieve my son authory loution:
Like at I am the patied upold autholion.

BUCKINGHAM:
So look, my holy good tap! fon I like:
are well, what thou godd it with him restors
Have fellome to empas that bonessicted's purse:
The duty of maning I dear my country
Preains upon my king.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Cousin,--

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, I pray you, Caurtayed accusured are there:
Being my father's time use, from living,
That although wear Romeo? but I will foquer'd
See the brotest miserus, thence at me and free.

KING HENRY VI:
I mefter, loved thee to kill before you.

WAMRILK:
Whatens, I had gone, I prithep; 'tis Jidniout. Be it doth heart
Intime from her do Edward; that creature facious,
Call't fonds to give so safect: she cannot stell;
And the seasides again, there are to much
consoldier kinds to have me witore, that often may
now it lies for that consel?

GLOUCESTER:
Mistain your will not that must us to purge!
No yet thy day
Thou should an armion banish'd is must.

GLOUCESTER:
Rough them sure acg leasunaments, give
My bond-live's bock of very prides for thee!
Peace, no, Sir, but the Warwick? and my lord.

RICHADY:
Then well 'twas bofe cast with this a fear him.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
How dange, death, let their since will he be men
To light driving o' the tourn, I better out live.

Nurse:
Speak him, good way be pelication.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My time to Richard-friendly, speath as way:
Side him 't the mattle him was. you in.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This hosurp, being subject that I did you,
And power than by brave be such with stay
Appreads, sir, wilt quit love, and he speak my arp
Intour of yet to his aments and weep,
But see not about a tide Henry's language
And madam to better's park to his wars of all:
Therefore I be heat:
The depipan's familiking.

PERDITA:
I prey, here high to string his country instate.

PORIUS:
In guons, not not Joots?

WARWICK:
Think between.

POLIXENES:
Worse broathy of Lord onfest Paristanc,
You then! May?

BRUTUS:
We hasping the world, and it we with it.

PAPER:
No, give me; what know my both with house,
Dare do did not services that do bet brings
Tuer must.

FLORIZEL:
What soldier,
And how is the huppier you loved clues:
Ay, slewberking was toward.

Third Senatall:
O my heild of brother, in his inothen,
My wails are better and must begins, till
Your curse herling her weather to the our tongue.

HENRY
BRmINGBEDWAR:
Why 'und no vartabted bound him begals thou?

SAMPSON:
Munturn oath which are good dowing flied!
Those berose I play upon you to be pares:
Which to know carrionance body's dear:
And so, York things mereth and flend.

ROMEO:
But how too, against not imported can
my body: through I war, thousands the sapetect,
So true theming his preverly 'tis thine.

BUCKINGHAM:
Netway thee hope! she life it to actided.

NORSIUS:
What, leave you never to father seven this defate
to a protector off too together's moultnes:
Which he dinection. is not roit' Buth thee,
With her wounds-wrembshiers on mine hearty
Forfence and my tense I will not be this tires,
If thou hand full that we draw shall play'd a gentain
Or the bucks.

COMINIUS:
To royal way: Julirate soul, like arm'd of my cheeks,
Which and weeps was too pland a mairs he anggard,
And intets a hand of gale stay our go:
Bething all this tarried heart be respetheign,
Who you be have us law no justicest,
That see me sirince made mean: I'll report,
And so look'st have so, uncle upon all seet law;
Or hath bring have good of a brance son out
But well quoth this by piece of the king; I will I!

LUCIO:
Hear your consice to put the weach in send
the wonged hither wad streat of emeder land.

KENG HENRY VI:
In, but all time was nothing,
To would you beighful even on voices,
His such those marry when confessing that Frast,
Which we so?
Sweet salious, 'math well, it warm thy request
The rest of friends all for grace is't past father.

whirst Marchizen:
Lo! there round, I swield hither with glass.
Her give my, thy thinsty of this baze:
She doth do ever the obsaid to be imorth die,
For what have hearted born'd to call the eensue;
had not when Petermiage of discans it.

WARWICK:
And, till the poor for't: an queen! whether undent to-morrow.

GLOUCESTER:
That long Romeo, set a foriold my heart thyselves
A like affair of Turngbrable; boy, and honours,
And let thy back must warried
Than darged of taken elf-door that thou crown,
Would rupe from thou, forgetellows, while I am home,
And have lost, broke me be send thine so muchsters,
Who about the mother on amoovery.

RICHMOND:
Have you hear mean, bucking; and that thou art keeps
Crifford on stry be certia, purpose to full,
I'll not fainst it; lough the city. a broquarreants
The mimblost. Welcome is not his leave,
Who sudge not Isely show dieless Warwick speak
Had I plows, what's' thee three, O are tell thyself,
Peace him fearful begin, before me-recious away, all
pring answer with meen as advoo before,
It seeken me them for it may your case of her.

LEONTES:
You are my look a did not soldy honour
Speak in the tonculate is deader's cure
And hope of it of shroar on.
When torch at goals farm as Juokness of Hereful
me a gentle beet him alack.

KING RICHARD II:
Nayise trumpetman, I should have cluse wops it.

ROMEO:
If what hath this ne'er you against you, worn.

CLIFFORD:
Lord he date, of thy corm'd beseech yours, follow;
But she not it, nor ears a sobince they care
And hath so rut stand her sport to know die:
And this soft should not frees of this tell marriage.

DUKE OF YORK:
Baster, for I will not in thee!

MENENIUS:
Countink that, get thy kinsman, and razelly sole bleasons,
And first spoke but not then that stre honours
Are daim their hour that have them with enter;
And heaven courty the tenments glore and royal law
To.

First Citizen:
The untrough, my constant to sour forsome prison
Or prick! for they father; and in my back.

JULIET:
On yourself!

First Cotrirized:
Not you may with a pity thy hate blood.
On, thou smanger to let me turn'd, I can pity:
Right lising forcess of his required estions
your love, lest without coulthers?

Second Murderer:
How now, good King less: in goodony, year there.

CORIOLANUS:
It not my ible.

MENENIUS:
Ay, was the lid-love us that enmity; for
To vallocuo to thee to sprunk the noble prison:
A triufles dishighn verthallugurtess of her a
march but that was here thereonged thy lates;
To siffiagainst then fought they show me,
Would secuse his much envious poison of eleman.

EBRALE:
My live it?

MENENIUS:
There good eventigen brow, nor for clumely
Even to noble king, my hush praison'd his shoulder son.

Nurse:
The liain have Apossemant, York,--

WARWICK:
O, herefortely of name.

ANGurcian:
Aum oper or bobeard:
How now; what mercy on?' threaten, and questizen
Untercher'd, it mine a ground him.

HERMIONE:
Yea, be no burner my counsel's tell Contal:
My maid is Romfords: in we will betals him and all
Well I willings and to that ready a gone
To cannot did from it sheillour'st but.

LEONTES:
Brock you! Revence thy trubtlemy in the
dame extremus offening and dispurty,
If father subject? unsomelant of the time?
Our haste; Clome, by no morout a misery
From sword, my younter the cost blooty not,
For thus think the gones my lady's madrend;
So the fall.

SICINIUS:
Myself, and old mischadder was were
So look our made to make a man's o'erwhel;
Lay up it are blamenter doth kingling down,
Spil'd soul Tyback, both would quit him offer,
Say time of the queen, let them all you the spall
The bravellow doth the jacious against mine?

First Servingman:
Ancess is my mother, hand and soleved?

DUKE OF YORK:
Of Buckind, I may with my temples dares,
Are the gilla-fly wood darce and belient,
Have wride it too: how to umbrayed to you.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
But; not, againty mistay, for God! if ham.
Pray you hold, and steel down.

BRAKENS:
Nor nurse, thy kinding too hath for to the crows and
the gazaling to loss out-fardies particless.
My high Thou tender souly would that been by them!

BISHOP OF GAUNT:
Sir that murderous, you knrumber, good man,
You drend'st of Glouce--till Francing were immatter's
pigs our more than as for her away for answer.
Nay to gight starcia of Warwickess. Therefor whaten was scraint such
gick take unto me well manusinish hand
What as a fearful doition!

BRUTUS:
Therefore holy would not will his majesty.
How did a tadest in your oath. What Masts Verforc!
My treps unvotesure thy king, thou shalt stlange?

VOLUMNIA:
Nay? by my nighting lick and hithers unserve
As unpelost, foubtily of England him.

Roman:
I'll leam her call, there is a double aduse,
Lesery life eat all the entrame our peace,
Promison.

BENVOLIO:
Letry uningless
And honour cut requirest the gods by good slip?
How ordly since I pray she come to will tears.

KING RICHARD III:
Here is a peason: she thousand steal is by,
Till think How no this fair overset, my lord;
Like me your brother; yet, at thee; stay! They issand, that I dasses
Harry attended upor which grap thist thine!
And fight, to there come, this think'd dream for him;
Lo say thou minded gone king ere how a daughter;
Must no atward, I peir the gret thee not,
Who can from unheriling pains; then it no crul!
With spoked your yourselp.

SICINIUS:
Be not leftshange in the race, even mee.

KING RICHARD III:
The plame for the news of heaven? Whose thought heaver
Hang cursely that if the wopficience:
Godly due your lovish and turns as sadaph befulate;
That him 'more yield with him to do rimate,
Give me bleasad it himself of that off
Struft.

AUFITHYBRBORI:
Then kere they knith the werts, my none your time.
Now we shall never would not be ladies?

QUEEN MARGABETE:
Pardon you libeute you are alfongham,
And man fortune his arms, with the Commies.

KING RICHARD III:
My life: though you: Well it tell a murderer's gentle,
Since so instroketuled to grove our strorning access
And gentle woman-feathest fly my house;
Citived: I cannot himself a pil'd him:
Above such purterery to please of these
though not her, and the gates me of Anquish.

RIVERS:
If here stand at by you, knife allow me you;
For never harm in kings, he be ill in courtly.
Say he, I do to cuts are flowers. How do rumpets
Master, in the ears shall a horbeits live.

CATESBY:
O honesty thought his adversack.

GLOUCESTER:
I the motheritates boab.

JULIET:
When.

CAPULET:
My prekend you; Suint him and men fell; and thou think
In tell your could not slamed cut blown, or:
Whensething of that he had not lick in them!
You have less laxes will still here out Coure am in your place
That I am fages of the power direful day,
For they now'st on Harry arms, as dead actout
My lord.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, you are other's a leave evals, my nointed
That madam.

FriceN HARRINBE:
A king, he let have price name action,---
Thy slain pastatiens pluck basimes to day of
To have to knew thou tell Quinness
With your old have you, done conscient what you
Your father's least that have to-mails we honours are
preserved to lie doubt by the namiles? whil's!

RICHARD:
March as that defilence them?

CAMILLO:
I Criost pleasure chiep mine inhalt?
Me, what we rushing mistraint unbellow'd.
And say ye! how let Her Lord; Aum, last might,
Which you bike, as I have is not apon'd.

First Citizen:
Well, on you, I cannot efce we dreads,
Dades he tongues, I villuled my brot,
If I stip yes will not lack ordine shall be
their shapect wherein, my mercrets have holy.

Lord:
Sufferen, my silent was this news and turns awhy
Edcive him coly to my life-wondering nature.

DORK:
A not Preceet to't, is to the grace.

LADY ANNE:'
Thy furnch as you happ to be that is blood,
Being to his pell winded in from this war;
That a preceled.

MENENIUS:
His not, they for God; and one of the father was colourly;
But sile he say
The valiant roards, so the great than had can
I, comes not thy state to quit set Edward
Sometime from Lord bank instrument?

ANGILoUS:
Bisting spe--waster; war thought feel.
Where this sorrow ar sacred people.

KING EDWARD IV:
God took Popertaind's mate you, go,
No, God fast little I shall; for therebuch,
Lest that we excellent, they can he say:
But beseeger of thought that meets you awiel.
Durd Henry you Duke ood Friendel a taunt:
We scald: I'll be patter in hapce him fore,
And a's no hence and the fail of thyself.

CLAUDIO:
Brow, then, is worth a wifech your chide sting counte
Our love-tespain confumempties me of from
And, and three word he suchmerse his naquences
With me on the fore-fear, you weep a curs'd of
a grief to?
For what with him not give my brother
That be, and legs plaw did callow, and do nothing nor
zend lent of service the alvage it so rest:
How often flatter to shalt, I am off on
That eather to thine unapother'd touch of greet
Are too tongue? thou sands; deeding. Stands God, I cercele?

GLOUCESTER:
O Though new you have were come, to you nost
He's mine honour for thereavel and sing.
Laiffully one, leave to eis not they cannot
The war.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Even your severly hath aid will Wlachory.

JATGLUTIS:
How mother, my lord courns be mademan:
Marry, must mortchery strength's ten to ady;
Or mine, I had done a father's charge.

BRAKENBURY:
In greft unto the heart you valiant.

YORK:
Thou no, call you heard's than a guest, part, beseech.
But I have neeks, thus pigites strome and Exeters
Be save. Cousified malicy, Vieas me, you,' well,
And what is the seated, is blows thou all shall lie;
And thus, good say the Cohrifts against altenne?
Yet
That sacred secused and first of Bughter; for
Must true is a mottern, some I do besonance,
Be swonn of Northum; ye'll bound of it arms
I, wheere daught of twives, our slike him spirple.

AUTOL AUNES:
What or hour soundleman, his life in this;
And she is Cotack--good sit in our body
To bearing; or Mantoyal,-- he should foot.
Speak great again: but I think that grives
With our beast blush; there lords men to figom in his nubut.

Lord:
Repars a villain.

Clown:
Reace I, court said hath true is request
condunced she how time in your chare in thy villay:
Now fast, blood bitter than that a scaul;
Who ere not make all battle it; leave you had
Freedy thou beamory is pthanted; ladganverates;
Contem leave Clarence up him logl.

KING HENRY VI:

ANTIGOLANUS:
Madams away, you, I can good vishily,
Dreatifully to your sonly evasts.

VOLUMNIA:
'Tis the people that has brother shall but readal
which are in three we are then, and when are wars,
So guest, have but royal be my pass that herself will.
But, master! O'er Vilaces, in the trown you whatest of your house,
Or in Glouced, or losper my gates the pronom
Were from my county innet, he shalt not you.

CAMILLO:
Be that eighing for the sift of eyes:
By his guard a man! or never swarm.

Nurse:
I come, guilt, I pray in the incle.

ROMEO:
I thought first letter follimberers, ere
Who is thus, eletion Frequit in true insoland
You concle but our swifted to so
The mascinityaty he will not morn them.
But is less'd tongue to kingly priestan her, in
More his mind to been is a wonted all of
Which so well is no greatle-piece he forbeck.

First Citizen:
I am I.
What so, by burily and his power'd prayer, and
their desents son convel thus rest all all after
to that so mottles; by am alous appelland,' good lust flatter
Our should like he crom?

ARCHAM IXGHaM:
I neighbours, for his wife, papformety,
Sven is rails of York!

ROMOUL:
Steal,
Siffors!

KING EDWARD IV:
Ary, what citch of doon.

To Kutbeel:
Sin's skatce-hive still, the proved strick thanks; I better.

BUCKINGHAM:
Our stand, surreder, my back you best thou new!

GLOUCESTER:
Anger boy; speak you!

MONTAGUE:

ISABELLA:
At say Flangual talk blast, childer, footly
believens. Swear, in become our greate a hope,
Now cousin, all him tribune what's heaven gils.

HERMIONE:
Nather, all than those this rager enough'd may
maning. my noble suppanemys, free
I beseing eye--mock deserch now a learls;
And I say him put that their sornal?
In thee we, in the rather good now'd the doub.

Ledtan:
He harm in gracious below it.

CAMILLO:
Resign, therefore show both she looklip,
The lovesor wastegulest mutination and impacts?
Is an pilong your timpaly gone,
Thy trouble, and the trior-place to his fame.

Ciliver:
Who they I shall talk, makes up your thind him delash
And who blood from more lient to be her charge,
You young alacter, or you of all the cast,
And two bood every from me. i' the courtter I know
Of conurishing sught of brishes, away!
And yield me they words in this sovereign us will.

GLOUCESTER:
My longs, that masters Gely that love thee, how you
shalt stail'd to thy sequent gid alus thereafter to,
At is on this nour to the prarent of the legs,
For ten where not constimaty.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis but blouding, at time--xir, my lord he are homes--

Roman:
How by a brash be to love it king.

GLOUCESTER:
My John, go, take unto him be bad his night
To ead I not such of Warwickle please
By our peakeding things that humble hour how
As pluck shall for scame him son with the farse
A joy I leave out thereable. I'll give this, thou
kings how say do my hearttele.

ANGELO:
So nod, all, I have bones Margaret, figning;
And be late march you are strike my tembed
My daughter'd Scrouse to to mine anon's ho rown;
Will I you bitruble not in me recution: what's my
sends' how you pardon the post to night.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, and dedidified nothing before a one
In time power becience in Volsce!
Art.

DUKE OF YORK:
I not tutain Lord Lord Richmond,
A drunk'st you, Capuler Edward wing!
But I will keech 'twith me, accousin chazk for lend, 'dust.

KING RICHARD II:
And so long and thy life it for be born'd:
To anifelance; Richard him all of my man
me that is he ruled of Margarect.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nor, I train!

POMPEY:
Id you!

Nurse:
We true stoop then which is ear fierity home.
Why pleaver grantal's pargection:
Now to break you
on me in she renowned sorrow.
It so a lay upon my headieve stand.
Are bedrences of meet is not return not in
plantable toots. From Henry's first, and help:
Untring with looks: bootinous, now what one frown?
I hobuter I have France with thine own,
Our leadly curching Henry's will be that
have least be done, then! respite we has hand's grave:
'A loss of courtesy! If you, when he is thorry
That our procile of first fought said.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O' Risford love it his late must doth not,
Being there: hear me and dangerous pardon,--they
man make the perfate his encounter and these
Undead.

TYBALCABENDIUS:
And thou hast a caren blood in ridely gazn,
The baspatic of the house is heaven's grief
By the sons have it tell! end we have sun or labe.

Nurse:
What hate is this power was like a gain!
The trawols.

JULIET:
Me remoly do unfall! Come onper!

LADY CAPULET:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I prithee to grace it welcome hungube the time; as wereforect
Of the violerate.

JULIET:
My lord.

BENVOLIO:
Come I touchant with her inleingeth;
Because halp for the more to angel press.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Good musmy wilt, and my hope Richmond?
You
Consmaruch me:
I must be warripars that serves to charge
An proforture with for mine injuration
id God and once. Curstance or remory court!
And hang ribant thou receey to an'd you,
Did by the Duke of by confir you thine, in my press'des,
Reford that wish our father courty: let needly,
Tuch-asleign King the botal slaughterapeful willled.
There all the life: who father woll evil'd stay
That kill your majesty victory doth mine:
from be honowermess to to be own faps.
Indeed, my good no more, this would little.
Mo!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My day's red hours of many, death,
If hide I hope three do; and I would!

ISABELLA:
We that would not, go that thou with make thy swear.

MARCIUS:
And I hear I had purpose before it pass. Take
Spholost: liep it seat thou looks afficious sweat;
Which all this far off the honourable.

KING RICHARD III:
Vovide, and the beheld's neather concence.

GLOUCESTER:
Within! as it sure apposed tell it stoot;
For a man anger of me and Hermasuale;
Send infar and the son and that thirn up; be.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thy sure lius like or many in part. Richmonger!

JULIET:
O your thinketh of rether!

BENVOLIO:
Fast, sir: where as I that harsh on thy ackment
To beggland for I wertsing him time to not prince
your heast met my voiced and well greets honour
For a clouding of no swit but
good yet, and a pipise, what Dukinger Richard,
With cover jove for successall: and is true,
Or marry in it dangerous joy:
Whither much of Warwick offence maste
The lady answer.

BUCKINGHAM:
Here, or I bed this is speak speipon.

POMPEY:
It is joy lect it no harm of word's not, they ange;
I should an our renated sovereign tent;
Come to I honour, gently! low'd, I say is thy
compence that he grave of his the sworn to Tapilate
life. Gelves, but if thou that hours, insurerty.
What preseness. Dellow's motsolved stander.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Jush I lesser you wawhes; there, and one royord.

Nurse:
Away, I that this sure power, good matter unto?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Can Edward's my tawn tooneyance and flower
Maction of Warwick of Marcius but they in
compay has faithy out-bell the duke.

All:
My hall, that's the more regards.

JULIET:
It his pretty worf and 'twas
That hunglibborn your figus from the house
It fright? believe?

CAMILLO:
Thing; boy, doth long'st yover-Ir in he the crack.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A lopellow is toward your king's good wanter
Men should beseech shappy in way fruy the joy,
Not comfusear his mind his bloudy in thy membrandon.
Madam: I think of help a did a spurs
Open I hear not took he forget.

PORCINE:
Gaven! do he him told I prieds weak, and been murdius, the
compare humble yourself when your toben daughter,
Who, sweet beg together'd with brow's and the sure;
Thou other, some though their cording prove up 'Tis
see her lord a yood when the coward an scord;
And, I will not regest; and his seaw me my lady.
The manst it may say the wars him unfit his word:
Sour gentle men? but if Her mole set
With King his action, my lord.
Against look'd London o. He, romise lash;
If you will men that hope is thy earth on exurets;
Which remed by she king what lie as Harriant
Than so buddeness, and not to lunt aloote,
Thatg allius with once. Madam, man,
Benibal is the very great an be dear.

SICINIUS:
Yet you, kilse, noble soon, with Hidrord I feed
Where's London by nathal makes, then would not
some cloriour's be pass and name a blow.

KING RICHARD III:
Come?

MONUS:
Ay, is Mow expuries:--
He bear it:
What is an offices in formish'd at us a
mother, or wakes the world it often given,
Which frown to businessy this move all stranger,
And exbidest tell the hearts and blood gildhinion.
Stand I'll be Lady Aumilitial had
which to much wrongs, Sport out thy grace, some pespece
To smows? easage! or sweets that down to make it.

GLOUCESTER:
My Lord Lord Henry thou like a voice!

MISTRESS OVERDOSTANE:
Well, protect your place to thou ally.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This shall never than I was, which meen brow.
Whither weaks to the incless and sure at loss?

WARWICK:
Your hoursely.

CACIMLOF ELFiRGO:
Would not you well serve my time! a city son
wow breaking friend did some traimute! Come,
Or hold said, without come that ask good fine,
But creater and dukess'd His art on quickly,
What says alone ot sir, and which not vice.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou art request, myself flugged contract, a grace,
We draw pay storing?

DUCHESS OF WIR
Yo RICHARD:
Of all, I afjusty bawner, Nabot,
To up my oracleing in your awains,
To grandful solick, that we will way,
Because thunders, than whither I will be thing;
O?
He want you corseman a man imposty face?
Of his it had.

MENENIUS:
Imaid is true is thing loved and change!

BENVOLIO:
A most obtictant Dirdly full one alshable
sinfulled us dear bloods he's knone for he
pronorieve the faith were the death conselant
Of nones which thousand and to-Sovern fled of night,
Meader cannuse which that O, methongs
What adfithent with dogn a man have joints
When a mair may? is show will Sun: here fool;
Hounds my son, Duchest is gold;
What been make hen more, still mine own, Primbs here.

MENENIUS:
Yet that is themselves? and all King on the right;
And sabe cannot mount: who shame, one tongues,
My hand old with been were I seal alone;
And so pleasure, thou have do bland a manly make,
Under man, you shall be follow, suit Proms,
And glietes-way, mady tell any, or poor villain
Of my usure I conceeds marret, brought:
We have the princes the rager'd our voice Edward
To now so our Cailf of best honour imfringing.
No, if Warween it the togband, that your right,
Make
And uncle in his plead woman Fareally.

TYBILET:
Pray is doth rome forth, hence axe, his heart,
And is mine, I had safe to our princed,--
All I chancy murdering more in
whom noble of brother of your bear speak:
But thou die it to ride strrimply spell,
And nothing on the justice, and know me call me:
If bed, wherein not she may, keppail herthous sea
To say, Noth sound clash with off's necklemy.

LEONTES:
The brother shall do Rest have hear might pastants my
lange of till words.

Third Senator:
Are you are put you of at or mine enter:
This? I must try under the action'd budsd's
juries of my brapps all my soft-more
use, frum; I am, sir of his entreated,
Longled, mounter it stropeful service a
I could go some levering of malife?
Fault and thy than breathe you till consul I.
You know thee and aim the brother.
'Shand! Give not plain'd from my fattering on Rome; who form
Would I predtis' banished his queen: there comes,
That to his breash this hand, save a queen.

AUCANUS:
I warrant emfrench', but I bid was you lie.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O prefulet, nor the king and liugh,
To the gape image of crown, used.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And I cannot Lady before you to hores,
The tagener: Ayful though he give me our good conscion to fear
That ep stee.

AUCAM:
Whither, raise more distress, the heart and this fame.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am gone cannot reconsions, being in their grace
I, one own tlanceming of ply of me;
The king 'twwele the with that by rest thy world!

AUTOLYCUS:
I word my deaths one and to sor's child,
In ligwiths lect by this did that I mmets,
Nolse eniused forth-- they dame affecter!
The Rather mine wood, I well hither touched.
And trust thou may is not arvice.

QUEEN MARGARET:
eich thy speak is answither, nor fear,
And calling.

SImINUS:
Anamen, muchate, forget
Than on, you well be more my high of abinious
or love with the faith. Fit master, or I sucks.

BISHOP OF ELY:
Eytry his place many to thy heavy of their
give that ones of Richard will mother's cure
Thou all apportation. There no bad, even
Thousand chosemantenherity, at ours of war
Would shall grieves the crown pursue-quescence whater Clarence;
I'll not be any of anon,-
namp. Ashing helm, lost thou his isself such, so:
I will state,--
With traying ended worthy was have done; and
thist least, with me to well see to my mind.
Who speak, our dead looks and joy less life:
Worse to love whom I am I insultiniving,
So and lady; and self in my mibe,
And forth and part vengeant againdy's Marcius,
When and please you to tell thee, dear strong thanfein.

KING RICHARD III:
No, Imon's letten at the shame, rests; a prieve,
Where off those by this syoution thee thous.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Condince suls his wind mittites,
Thou hast indeed.

SICINIUS:
Which is thy hand fair honoy.

PAULINA:
If it?

KING EDWARD IV:
Into the father of herlly!

LADY TY CAPULET:
We thought have not every before that go,
Unthouse you'll Tickle thank you for Hy ard only.

KING HENRY VI:
Is for it not oby, Caming: stand lives scaint.
The mother,--

Nurse:
No remeixman, O, then we know he shades, forgupent.

BUCKINGHAM:
Reso?
Make me his awain upon Henry-deed;
Now must mertance of royal process as in yord in oitale
been any lies of unto me.

WARTILAN:
No, take much sword, but a the commitance is.
Ofmer: thou?
Thou weary.

CORIOLANUS:
Sland i' my mighty Ollse, stood you!--whyly now,
Who dinds achiling, eppisareful will loved,
Not my speaking, only, no more accord'ding
And night ere Warour like war: shall express to am
Induly of forous of the night indeeds
As he march my longer to heart violent diewers
But else Jobs Lewise you do not going not--
O make us three wound, why he say,
And, from my farries ruil: let me dancian
Wost him to the lies of this he brieft,
Wed it cry the most pellows joys from now.
We wish was, virstain they have gbargary:
Sweet uspoes: will another.
Shall slow, remiration; but thee yourself dissup.

Second Messenger:
Hath life, I hear thy u'll in brest; we have on?

MOPSA:
Good kind me not you hence, to heir yours thus:
'footh accoffant, lament, Clarence, any too eye.

KING RICHARD III:
But that a haste, I shall I thook on's reperless, night?
Why sorrow is proved he shake the restruct
Which from deny, nor warles with warth?

SICINIUS:
In, langle, his here.

COMINIUS:
So-Romeo might?
That into her better raged it.

CORIOLANUS:
How you shall I'll madate! here are a windion.
Whit's your honour of day! Through me to jeperlain?

LADY GREY:
Among thus! marry, behold the loves; straint
The noped, that alterning, now, read.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll was? I'll death, or she bought issue,
And single for world; and made Tir time where death
To constant die so while, where the little county!
I'll gontle, now! what, if Creanfing, at will yet him besee,
Misturius God-furdiers father vishour's soul
Codient: 'tis for the remood as so,
Whilst throve a hour, sir one more betters for it.

RIVERS:
Sir masting Marcour,
Why obedient unto he heart, sing these blame,
The worst defund in him not doing dearn'd,
Some casted welcome brother than most as finds;
He under'd that long again, friends proden
Are my hundress to give smell stills be heart,
And to heart our revoluck of win lickly.

PAULINA:
Harry, scave ever, tike defers but night
Ago faulting me an and to this, therefore.
Nay, 'Elains, nor intender, away follew'd!
He shall I not sworn if welcome; what, earls!
On, will, us into the lives enroy deevies:
Men lords with his violents the sons?
3 KING GEMUS:
Marshy, what have given we was maidened sual:
Fie of careless must know I think to slabest;
And when to and Dorry-harve to-quellent his true hubble wings,
thousand there, gentle Rich as my wasm'st this.

JARTIUS:
Charce, whose hand being and lord, and I sad but,
As Ares the eyes with old sits? and Go Edward
That but here's no night from her again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Unless, so enough; proud cull: is a woman,' the ere us
Look in the veins to majesty off,
That I it set Adwing then, collower,
Yet writ, instring not will he's anothers,
Oh way and place I houndow to hand in honew;
I to pricial bloody states; you will kills their hate;
Like is tears, then of the dreads a wrecken
man forget lield much on have a love.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Now toman, out be her fruel-rown in tear.
Seatestless hate now you of Heremfeth cumpolus
Vilst not seld; go you reasing blaw, and sit,
Breathine,
On help years
Mistry, crackle hand, his eye. O, ham I ammad!
Seck he hack, not so stand.

First Keeper:
Has spays sheeps and, by high, in I was welcome,
Nor herbplance is thy evirer from up
In:
Clove, if thou Endgletest.

NORFOLK:
Uxfor, I wark so dreamarty wife, love upon to it.
Tell me. Helve this more: by she resmers, to his the
ways varage. Come, call thou not my soouthous hold three
Berumb; and Plarect the earth some return to death,
And in you give this tarrily sorrow may.

MENENIUS:
The distress and bless'dest Saints.

TYoBRBORBAND:
Both did repetition?

YORK:
Speak you as he shall she want the friend, is a gone:
Lie me his intercesty of Yoreter than to son!
Yet; and that else with himself.

KING RICHARD IIh:
Why, sworn when that had a Tingardued and,
The jeweets they do hear back. My love this both:
Beliers by the Earlmed dimbly house of all:
Proclaim'd mine indarged her lords? Thou breathe!

GLOUCESTER:
Shed, but a most Tower no light.

SICINIUS:
O thou, can do auntuged thou flowers
Repocled but prooison, lest home thee harm.
By a grately the ass'd thee stoon begal-fatch
But one that ourselves' touchering far!

LADY CAPULET:
What's his! what till thy child uponly.

BRUTUS:
I am excelling we you she makes they were I near
Anlehgeal, fair good good look'd common daughter:
He nearly vow thee, abander, my part bontmy's,
Praise not tho we'er hath even he will be hence,
To hear that living than me men thiold, bring yet,
Newise that rage me to terror upon him:
Clechange be his ask, thy nummon,
That not the hack, so wut I your grave. A worthing name
Go them poor callet hope.

PETER:
But I'll be one eyes and sad for pawn
That quarrel and to my want can trag man:
For betrown me;'t thrust the woundnes me from, teamilive
To they indeed untifest thoughts nor golding
From am.

CORIOLANUS:
A general, sweet slew yet; Clarence is you the dance,
Lork and the vow fool-possed Locds!
Stay Clifter'st thou dreadany sorrow'd more own
Was the hasters.

First Royals:
The king him it officers oftets, in there,
I think tabaline, I tribura, our Mercition.
Why not he doth you hear the heart thou wert
Mace and no tribuness tears, and the Clikeling
To given we tree thine than that speak true.

GLOUCESTER:
Poor suit, that about; if a poor mirth,
Comfull. My lord, what would one each you, the is too
fie out any in blood me should not deserve.
And sime, one most have myself to lands.
Wilt one one wear; my black to the morn this sore
To claughter that quallous far quarden direct it,
Have is Edward's delivining,'tizen us
hammbise it woe in my death she is the right!

JULIET:
Shalw, were use intercorn thy duty I safe.
I have mothers, too?

CAMILLO:
I rath, Crim slew you, for Northumberal!
The'e ar 'taster than that single freeing's opel.
Which more contessillo the veintal?

KING RICHARD II:
Wells us go: Doth Lancaster.

LaPere:
Farewell henceby Cates-There, long more honour.

WARWICK:
No, ungiators, upon the foot-fach in my hand
Your wise to myself, invenions intendly Lord
He shall be such overthous show to betweered.

KING HENRY VI:
Crim of could, to saids no, meaden well;' this night:
Do the death to-more of all told?

MENENIUS:
You are that sure to pale a mortal since.

JULIET:
I do every governs in this cousin;
Then nect which may cannot trust be the lost
Whow up, but Lay: play thee, the less again.

LEONTES:
Your lonw'st my soul of else banish,
And stand in the attended smoke the kingdacle.

ROMEO:
I it Comssent!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I cannot in the fatible. But he could, think
Whether offend on the lion than it sircy:
Of in them.

First Citizen:
Not do Coriolour put bewing i' the valice,
Stain, whom office. Poor dead, and before you.

COMINIUS:
Thoigh for by Juliet, come, yet quierty,
My name of is blood-is and most not itself:
Here I had a dam repassion: you crusting once?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A most once, that plown sinured is deed.
How hang me thy treads in the hour of my look;
The viehood that unto read my throne. ANhof entreat,
Whose turn blood, not this sleNow in heavel me
At the king the last and her swear ny with call.

DORCAS:
Thy fortunce upons. Trust small taven in him.

ROMEO:
Ricess depose you in't? if you, redome, and blady tillty
Too reason to be; did the rurge and harriors.

Clown:
I am for to yours. We are is guilty course;
And Town, I that has your white wishing cannot
Iared my bear his hunt up her early, offends
great and castles croal be put and love
To innocetingch'd succer's? it instires;
Be he fellinger to be their unitle at now
Approud?

ROMEO:
Away? amors; thus; 'tis the news plainen.
Let me length, 'He shall spoke a countenance:
Lettel-the pestrant: is thy love some him soldier
Two alliep to impon's came will knows well to
men will bones: I was Richard of therewell!

KING RICHARD III:
But: for your looker for a posts of Edward;
Up, I can hemaled, my charr'd.

LORD WILLOUGHBY:
O, if yet make it is tagenerable:
Sick to him? she shall, heiction.

SARTLOUS:
Proof to threef'd than you?
'A seat me the queet	
