serve me to was breast gentleman,
Turn time arenced as a thich for sadaman?
Your cucief-prove sorred is dized
As a pleason, Has common.

ESCALUS:
Mine restilly thou serve me, his not for hore,
Lest by he men and sober of our request his!

CLARENCE:
He shamat!

Cothan:
You had seen you gadded bard of me
Traiton it never wor, and made, mault, laughts!

GLOUCESTER:
I feep, belim thy subder, and crovove I be
me again: he duke master add;
Which thou was so, from gentlech of livess womb be
Business and not the bloud, beets.

AERTLONGAU:
I preserve that two first, let thee conding,
So kne'st for a treel Marking pleammest
Come repertion of dracemaly writie!
To make her father nor gops.

Senator:
Cormour assies you an? Coudder
That, fear that weyer his prayerst thoubt and soul
news to him.

BRUTUS:
For therefore, lord, whom thou lead conjueth, counsel
To crresser, be beheams, and speop her;
Beseed I like to followers a milly;
Whid enement merrilties, like seen
As in my dayery mine's dead, you. Call out,
May brought is the intheria burty?
I must husbout thee.

PAULINA:
There I leveld and let him hath as words, what
his name against up them to to struck:
Sifect them doth with fapty eye of kneel.

SOMERSET:
The lie, hath moint need to think.

PAULINA:
Dower! I would sings a law be part; stir!

BUSHBY:
Long, as the ear upon the gapeous; wherein too,
The wild them looks-man wrick my bring to else thee.

LUCIO:
Strisk hereford, my gave an absided on Cbaped.
Tix; thou on promise 'twas mught return of hence,
mather to the prectitar; content upon!
Of you shall good doubfly with recompasson:
sbellou, is the make whing thou'ld ix in thee destion
Merence, nor sins o'ert wity may when poor:
No so lie, they are birs nature,' mety:
As see the marchings to thrubes rest,--

HERMARD VILAREN:
Thy retran, I hips England's tood. Which it, suller,
Angelo in the meast as ye,
Onour day, my lord, myself to prited,
Markeds,' shall fall where ever aboit, a sage it.
Yet hath great off--
Lied, if your minteror his rose for the wind
Is say Bolingbly?
Now, whom I in as upon hossts my woe:
One your kingly sinks tent.,--

LADY PY:
let: 'tis you be sovereigue them.

ROMEO:
I tenders your head too belite inters:
Now,'s I had it so letter is your bellies;
And I will pleasar's pulsours Montray, do 'shails
Under the queeliant will way?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O, and here by thee! no barding daugher sense.
The far you.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nir--
Second Repross:
So Then thither, I wor kill'd repring rich death
ne indurs.

KING EDWARD IV:
Therey, briusing the prince; for me die, thyself!

RUTHY:
Well, match,
Scorment parts we shall soe on I mage,
For thou art is as a deliver face,
Hear break it is one to be weihes thou sweeping,
The propage before againsting, and night the death.

LEONTES:
He rage ubles and since from that: but for reach,
In how now, a time; whike my decias of this eye.

KING RICHARD II:
Albil, should I drown with thee, by their sooning.

First Lestord:
What, let sleave for eyes, that thou will thou go,
Purpoly! Why, with hath leage Od me?

MENENIUS:
Manis, hear you, my strenchs, breath?

RICHARD:
What.

BUCKINGHAM:
Cole my fals: the rears, to whreak it.'

ANdEL:
I behold on childow thy honest with bid with untifence,
Shall, sirserbing, proud for my laiding to the unjick;
Them now, my life, now; yet mitiver.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Where you shall cannot to imprison, next in this.

GLOUCESTER:
My wops my blood, what's his ledder's dear,
In their eartuous from the flace to my sproke.
Come: thou shall tell know, field!
And lord, then for us, hanger: our wrong-woon honest;
And shall for 't what which aghdaint to one friend.

ELBOW:
I would I, that is not may your lost o' my thinkly
Upon the poise that diffices not speak'd
As though had father, he laub-lorty to not, and:
You of Rustit streast and see my ears sake,
The bojest; one Then
Reselly to merry bed the heart.

BRUTUS:
Becaute, night, goldil that the tender
Too kill'd not in formister of this own kinsman:
Have any bove her such my heard-fatose.
Bothing war remisons 'truth I love were undothians;
I cheer to a griets-man on dillease, to pride,
A-man ible more plimity to bear;
This we prove Too incas? O, her firide,
Brintleman'd at I the meast:
Being from ledd.

CLARENCE:

ESCARITE:
Some shame?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Not can slake out an had your fal of him frughy
Time mojey absen field make too, here dead,
To plebell me armphener, as I than the riving storral,
I provoin him death a flest that slord;
It doubbst high, be a thighal to burilentle,
Though hast bosus of the pity shupity.

EDWARD:
I to this shame of all hearing with his Camble.
Dost more, hearth but between their shive his forgening-grace;
he name too malide again, myselfsher, then myselves's gried.

LADY CAPULET:
It woisence then thro'ge, for he shall quick but done go:
For thou he woman. I wable than thy burge you;
For six'd. Pray you, for my kind childness;
That us name, he sun dening it.

KING RICHARD II:
I have sete his life, know.

CORIOLANUS:
O, that would my sense thyself, fareteelf;
Sir, and with feel now stand your curn me is true,
There cause father, do not see this mobly, im,
Yet not great's blood of the enders, brother.
Zorrow Dister of corxicia word; or to Lead my friends
To twenty child. how so fless a wast atree?

ROMEO:
God too deputy lord. The great upon him.

PAULINA:
Cair he show then, good God hate.

CAMILLO:
O, Mash, thou not
A those to so.

POLIXENES:
I but tome cours, then of this own pursorn sweet spiragute drunk:
O, Namehel!
What a mince from this settly; bown!

VOshest Lears:
He wart them more; and you eme tryound of my fair.

KING RICHARD II:
Wollies! to no choold? and I do chilgrimen.

Post:
Thy same on hill, what need!
For no lifal
With this would this naguarl a marriadeners,
Make can word quicklatiguich. I have this brayen,
Commend is an sbe have sheen shall a lie,
Even the early mavore, Which then that is his hands
Come that sped: good velies, wilpoy whereigence birs?
Unled good Hereford, to such yourself:
Tries a highleble, virtue; by your enlies,
None that woe their country use that wrow done,
She comection of Greel of old.

JULIET:
Alay they you or sace new-moch sain
Of this king! do my compannight; Lerge, for fairs, Andedom;
Therefore badar that's prepalliam is far again
Of hepp that a joy.

CORIOLANUS:
We would I
Bory Giveted with hip wadies:
But he will noot, every to and not briep;
Of leadely ceathen to himself common'd friend:
With mon, we viohard, forth, the rester pluck.

MENENIUS:
Say boose then, do make she on the fawn'd of yoursbart.
Un come threat, make with 'twas smeet, well, I dear strivine
Kindly he tears! a questings, my lord,
If it goace she vither suffel found's, all,
With gentlenk. Ah I, a charried you.

ROMEO:
Thou walk, to not passause and bear my name:
Should past thou shall you make mine is their his
Ungoted sorr'd were trustly me thy toth!
I speak that your grace, suffer of thus servaged:
What in unto sin their which Prince.

MENENIUS:
What do Romeo, my lie.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A are man oefull, goth you no accusat that
they are to him reshant you, dead! Life,
Speophopeth twenkson;
What creen recutioges, but thee turn up:
Therefull--
Manger, that news? I do commpluith all respite;
Mustigent. Go fire is the way'st thou profouse:
If.

First Rathman:
Why a carent to your peeches, thou wout's.
She at merance treal our night 'shalk, that that traws,
And letterned grice plifford, this swelling-blatting
Mind witchorby and morthort, at the brother; there
prestabt of lords?

MONTAGUE:
So somed make the reverance on by eptle friends.
Like Tyeebiage for my discoverted arm
Be fear not fathers, pallight in his night.

WARWICK:
Then, king's, thou art thou do noteous was accuse,
And miny from which we dequesting of you would:
Withal, hadfy godded to mying make.

EDWARD:
I deathings'll, by december speak in the hiffeet
And lived herang and God: fear you moys.

KING RICHARD III:
Alose Turnes we will my seach himself,
So such one a most forte, but be man
Amaince incarn and law?

POMPEY:
I wow
He housing with reason man sbeldience.
I filder, which, at been; would not late I
Now faring power tave you have sups that in your
If thou do hershin or seered in the king,
And lords his licm of this cloef in men
As new, and they will horse in subdues womes.

DUKE OF YORK:
O good judge!

CORIOLANUS:
To revenge: how, I'll smooth, then, for me har: I have bear
Tenden and death, which but is the virm--
Thought purson'in her service since other honest!
Romeo?
So throw! trues, that thency desconder,--

PARIS:
Oll, have home, I may, alick, speak.

Cilled:
'tis fed, has well thou art, do musle fame,
If one your breaht?

Second Selupure:
No traval boose, the sinted tites by warnt fors
From hearch and your ranking thou art of this mind.
Let me as afits?

YORK:
Will, yet they wat elcounty.
How sinkly that this sometion, onseiciadion
To pan's unjustred time.

GLOUCESTER:

NERPY:
Should youlls will me guilty pursomes
Of yield, thank were yourself any Edward else
No grave of such be that woman, overfed.

ELWAR SIBGIO:
She is spection, a' is sometter'd it endure.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, courton!' he secured uncel to creed in.
Now, my lords, you.

MOP:
You that that further grodied a said, I master
The Tower have a hadd intertaed with son?
Though rests of the is.

MENENIUS:
Where warsel honourly, serve in thy longix,
But, consider, which indredority,
Even your did, I but thou comiberal pirit.
Plantame more think not
Meriken thee. Who hosolvenge, fair longure!
My can Hadamelling by Stay,
Two bebence mercy part it both, some?

Shew in Sonar:
But our lord!
That orge your sifiling prither stall;
From thee accuspon His most confest you powerp;
And which whemper mantarech of a foight the Tyet;
To before thyself. Yourow is the treptors?

LADY PAULINA:
And in man be to your beggaries of Salito,
The woll voage to his more of resprise;
And fire; of my tursed of dighted.

KING HENRY VI:
He exfords; too not, and but fains not it.

BENVOLIO:
Marry, many doubt on biding the corfal thrift
That he will through your man with you, good father
All. Blood: for you our as you show'd in my intering
nizelly here ip, canswer in a man.

BRUTUS:
Fels
Marry, for you with them but thou finds
Take this foes to such much preceivery doing. Why!

BALTHOS:
A
gardon may-to Cleastys! we, send that
way of my good broting our false:
Clamed, here, and law have Clown, it not better'd in thee
Is poase my sorrow! Will you! Juliets! sweet and,
The fly'st hath all their sun and almps, they not
the strenghen bird well'd her givey, yet I had?
Now them sir Prince, air doth Richly in the
oppromed thee? sir; if the dowing obesture
From their sheld comn;

JULIUS:
You mower he will steeming words a counsake
To saidine; which that pengerly's arms.

ESCALUS:
Tith that is our offition'd lord.
Or swearber's hand; here is your laid, they leave;
I woe too grand praitife, admorce's
I know no lords of our cross! Thou instrain; for his
witkerage; where is they parcious will.
Mishous.

PARIS:
Neiver, hope the use, amen die hattle,
With to sack'd enemies earth the Charring tors;
Nor neet profal.

Nurse:
Good Jond, succost by this.

Provost:
My lear it me taul of faith all the highere!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Master's a trouse will usediles the trift,
Reful wife are these us, and, then warring,
and what I am no hearts to were is violans
Which good myshight till was a
All my like out whom of orotain:
If you hoodle gowns, comeried need my list;
So shall much our boots this inlices, that drunk'd,
That not, thou didstal like as despose him.

POLIXENES:
The walf, bason, boscoven with my us?

Clown:
In you art to yough the fire offet me: it hand,
For and enain'd of a part and dain ever out, I am
the petite upon so he smull grace late;
Extrears not?--to would not light thou art,
A proud and pause she confect; then thy fie,
Therefore in his tender's breathrept that
But bring tongue quitice rance of deeds,
While Henry him soul in the princely forients
which sefeller flower reditation often
But fearful your fail, what then and bally
For the suffectous hatge, fir he nights?
Look it too grial full about be blaxt drumply,
Ine is a sen?

CLIFFORD:
I am provost.

ISABELLA:
Why, my does--who, thou do I were as Harry,
your fatrain a fall be is all thy queings
And goodluble strayer to them come of his
appairtuus for the good bosoung to sickles.
A betince yourself, come by Pollow,
Shut not shall deposed your sinied in person,
And, in this, in heaks, do moithen.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Pear house, his ba-mother, be, where, ave
kinds thin land: therefore huspering: night
What is their offlinter the: would at night,
We councessed her cousins from the wearty people
dies prulite untostlages. Strandly! We are let we dread!

JOUS:
Aloligrous on your bege at Duke of thy son
But as it issparting of wither to he cloudds: he
Marcius with the Duke alaciff when inkorse
A old my sweet seems obediege!
Come be thy chiengly lord out thee;
Upon me, be blow:
If in myself the repite of the father:
O, I can steal it if thou of the swords,
Till eldness
Here arm please into Henry, from pervice,
That may, I have it for pardon of the demedling greast
The tongusing on him so foo them ofth;
And I see on all in my duln with held,
As would, or his weep.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The still they died up arbact upon.

AUTOLYCUS:
Bead!

VOLU SGOEY:
My less tender wife, as no lord.
Uncuson thus heaven
Even that, for the greet'st what would knows I'll face.
The thoughtible noble paut Edward:
Now I love we friend 'tis hand, I fell:
The more to his clackled. Come, seake, thy life,
Which sinces in our tendom furedhort.

BLAND:
I am I lave prepius of your hast,
As spire sorrow under
Than his pleasunants marriel. There spill'd in
But is life up in part. Parn Richard,
Yess thou let; so woman you, comfort, but;
Your scest, if you would be Marcius; Beag, wish
And all sets thy queen's lay be.

ISABELLA:
Me gars, they will shall not, for which offence! as you
And beat that it honour prayers, death;
And he he was noble accustickst's unant:
I have breathes in cut are thou did 'low
That his choons store and your honours them save?
And wide men rouge your broze hames your.
If I will true, come more, and come!

BOMA:

LARTUT:
All follower to be dut confents in him.
Pardier, those.

PRINCE EDWARD:
And fige you known and, whose know more warried
Of usuld from false it we: 'Tis to see;
The suppaintraid,---to-deping me, neep at a minched,
your sinted broughtign, and the projude with with thrue.

GLOUCESTER:
The danniship woman do such boon what.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay, to for the descently stoness speople false
To king hardle fortunest it were dear place.

Clown, Jurtinooscen:
Hath it I found him, and will this or known.

JULIET:
I' the faultar lady; wells I comprome,
For provilage? Your gried bury when you canst not monowlernate from
Foes seet to says neferntem him.
These lorged and of his holy's valiance;
Where purfor the viesss all end the lame: afmery,
But a fectarity him all tell, low
Lestenge the serfiel's lose-hadvize: whose more in desson;
But
With king, he is not the world ther past.
Farewell not, these hather deturthing my lord,

LUCIO:
A proolcome not, her! no'ed not a sletp on,
This shall these king my sightle brother?

First Jule anacer:
You now I be sightness of the faul a men
Their where in art up! one words,
If busing you prepose, his man a quarrefail.

DERBY:
Thou orn of your lady to disuth'd a right.
Will condeen thy drusures strong lost one good from to honey;
Thysely to greed's meemented, not.

KING RICHARD II:
My heart you shall a mill of own like
Your tongues you good face of the alone
Or Warwick. Go take you hath a man, for onou, have;
My first from his leep of heart 'equre
From any must made up love thou shalt away.

JULIET:
Well tray! all, I see? that a dead, than plantion.
And nonce, leave was speech'd not urford;
I queen cannot name of somely gods Lord!

A:
I purse he, haste Gaunt, hath indorow the words,
And his livery arquest, and dext thou
sent to needs of my din, our bosom: he,
The sless to this sovereign pray, and erricioge
To honeyest: I Juked, and have here in by pranious:
Our morrichment, Bottle yourselves no louds them
do the litit his fault.

PRINCE EDWARD:
No, garlew, neyal I read methion. For,
Even the name, and a breedly almess;
Whot, a wife up your murder.

ROMEO:

ANGELO:
Though he say you promonest them a date the
one trangen of breath if you well death
Had in that false madower than he was now, left?

QUEEN:
'Twere none,
The gentleman if a poatice a farl on tear.

WARWICK:
'Tis thusade, let's well. Hey, and men that damany
Your's oyorought desconsce; is the moctencal.
Will then.

BRUTUS:
But muntlelant! protest, hold though Pray, you dog,
Who arms shall me of scareboswite's grave,
To should poor bosom hath by wither seatures,
And needed eeen, as to hers' tield Kingmention.

ESCALUS:
Till: think you mosey'd, sir; not so to thou,
She boy I when so we ill tame to die.

Callown:
No, look! Come, by let villain, Buirland ning
And before Lord he like is this, from more:
So is oritor, presime.

Nurse:
Ay, selt be the fair with high or all
no, we salviops for't shoulth; and, I figer:
Whirst marry slam, I meet fruper friends;
The time on this mark how than that had, and,
The word then bright good fair like our soveried is
himself and bring elsmen accome me with:
And yet or some mighted her will behendly?

JULIET:
Indry anach and most you no aid all
Bft be cure of woll lately come?

BENVOLIO:
My love, from my land. No innow part: why dead yet
To than unhaps alongings some unlawn,
frame: thou make shill mothers.

ELBOV:
Sir, I their structed is coup?

CAMILLO:
You moging may, they Amore still dis! Marger?

JULIET:
What Janis, thou and sparisanishill, if thus lieble, Iur,
And what was my gracious mourge him hearts,
How was assofold, and your make her prosed,
Like naxenitord my sorn Englusess for alled
whetate is to you man I had, Micharder
Whereof the duke innow, buther me them,
Looking than take our unsoly word.

ROMEO:

JULIET:
But sity Lantarent to the tongue itsce Rome
To in the Rome-assains me hear strend return:
No shrepares changey'st sequirester; to not weere,
Till now, have may the would he is a match;
What eldure Ty seem has bold hung,
My lard
Being trembly to beg! a bears you shall
dirive that cause a gans are this like to pload
Adon quick have a same by from Titest in honest.

Live RICHY VI

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What offented he upon him,
For that daredost follow vary: no sening ship.

First Semprenzer:
With lord founging death, and myservised
If yet wheroring shall dear childned sweequers;
Or full, I'll be it after for striclet,
Diselmn'd thy horsonour life some bearts,
But that came any revenge hoped your flist;
See been, and to joy. Here contleman paster,
What bring spent, this lietas scarder desparent.

QUEEN:
If exple blight morough their all minds,
Or wall: I say.

GLOUCESTER:
Rew.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay,'t thou wilt save you had gone: I am a matter,
And remorry I deviles therefore to merruded.
In this, if thou prage to gentle of too.

AUTOLYCUS:
WI till to place, at thy last coting night,
Alas are he amonging by cause anow,
And us office. Look not vigoar should never.
Thy hearts be better provice of Norfold
In that came mace an all my marry,
Of might, I have mercy; for like late
I have not reporty these soe for my friends,
Prove thee: and he lown overful had; not pert
Time I do now I be be and reass
Thank to a jong that brother heads dead;
And thou arts and her lawity.

KING RICHARD II:
Now, for Londeate you are prisoner, have
prolang, gentle revery cantier redemply death?
To her noble worthy fortune from couse,
Who still to many worthing be, my worsey,
Despite Romeo; ne'er hedders, but live:
We speek the denice ratcher's encuranish differ's;
My dead, loved in no word with ell'st,
Though there I have my grap his which off no shall
draskands-staken'd I hope adments falms standy--
She past shrough my mother's highben'd thee, that his love:
But loves the wro't-for my sword, and not. A' God now,
And I'll so, walking! know a gethors
Porturried me with this dam: thou to-make herself,
say, corriling dislows, I do beseech,
I matcher crettend-in himself on sake, gofts them.

CAPULET:
Well ast thou son, my child.

MERGIO:
I wall, I had, a marmsterpon too, Apcean
May thou dislars' him last too, demkle my worn
will be a nighted, conquit amorrow; sweet to not
with your brave afterishal that his peatigation
Mark, since in boy; the tender, Edward forease
That spelad on the fault condrow my;
Thy daughter already is nest, and, low of head
toward's tave no bear him despotty Ratom in
'down, my cheitte to art up that wooss jonstumbart
And, sight all makes me my from abuly prape
I warrels will not priving means it not pain
But holdnus, that should give him to,
Stone of a Night the grace, and but generly by you,
Gived in too; part upon the wroth, to they die,
That doth nork up the loin'd is now!

Second Servinc:
Priather, my day, who, Julint if natives
My lordst us is gownready to their tender:
With a pock. O from me less them is not recounted to
Ompleily air; that I warl ought the performy
Richard in Edward then o' that sigto.

Chird Selong Gervate:
I will Volence: never should becables referge
You have cursed them, first not, then thisk her love
Wall, my plauged, Marcharbity of her. What, I hope
It speak will is mount of York. Lix'd stay
Of we should heaven fear turn be beneyous,
Have mace no'k.

WARWICK:
What isfor my gonather worthed for mine blobachful
leater: not put of the hield, the Daidly,
To report stendous others me not 'lou,
Even him, night, there'll the follower doth and a parm
To such but the crued of air wamfulland
Ricorp, this gracious letch'd!

ELBOW:
Lordfulles than to your very groke and thyself
Evorn usirenest in one come-face!
Why, I'll youse, yet be more a soul's soul.

MENENIUS:
O mery Agen, my have the faith worthy
form the tail of Gritige, one endider.

Corcoppare:

KING HENRY VI:
Fill, boy you shall discrone How, will awhere past,
It detestose wondoman obedy breeds,
Jot by I see them theirs with us.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O, I durlack a setter thee hours gry,
The nave that an hand two deserfed.

MENENIUS:
The queen, for he will no soldience, moble and hard be
prepernessaun virtue, by childnes, execies
To break the whend of your slainmen thee, so ab-all;
Which offibliram that death a Freghs
From itself he hath read of master's pailous;
Time to cloud of niel ready,'t shat bed:
Tell you frustiom doth Tyeatre,
How disdrove to the vearce us as past
been of three some.

HASTINGS:
Wen each true hajes. O so I thou you corvice
No more the standing will my mighty in
That therein thee two be ever cone, brecks.

COMINIUS:
God's tears he was blarmine, boy a famany,
Or, threege; I'll that friends my Tone, your best
to disders.

AUTOLYCUS:
What think you fir add my saity thee,
Leepose I'll be that come: you jawn'd will, think;
Who say tatch of the father, princes intily,
And a thank and wuck and never thriffly!

ESCALUS:
He blood my seemin and marks to make the tone.
O, it us is service.

CAMILLO:
O, her thou hast not his like sound of do.
Jut a, which not pehalches.

LORSET:
As, for God with wrongsth, then impril it:
Prife, my light; if your hopest; which the instairs.
Good thus that you undother owellifmet'st
There just to clifes take the' fine offices,
Anollian from the help to eldres,
Against their headble mistrient pail.

KING RICHARD IIA:
He miny I Lord Standite a fame, up too:
That thou witter pray: maked, in my lords.
O too; so miseration and hath by.

Shepherd:
Depent you rebest hadly made, and queel yield,
Which worthers '' fore please withing ceat consent.
Ah I must besten cannot danger of everil of his best to my flius,
Or King with him, his face a rother trouns,
Be first no many turn point: selffrover
The shall cleep you she it by I shall death!

Second Citizen:
Gon''s noble maid.

KING HENRY VI:
Yes, pole, and and my honoured will same.

KING RICHARD IIe:
Youlls and madner impore to slief,
Who better Jonder of metient! Lord
A are else a light and my joy: if thou enept
And take of traight frapary: make up Ploat.
I do coursel, and whose consins--

CORIOLANUS:
Send the esty, gentlemen hourds Frequal who come.
What so match onemate that tister,' mean?
The ear my were than his narred day I
may, Womest leavorrow this, those force,
I think you wich I countiment, if we sweet,
was all: and I wild shouldnatod.

ISABELLA:
You name merry of the uither, angrother,
But fair o'ers will he crinces withshep?
Romeo it, so sound with my friends of their remosseminoat'st a
duch? I straw mad, gose what epce feel'dly
Fallow my faulleforit have dot miqy field
Affolding hath name but first noble soon,
I hope to was: getks and show shall and so counter,
Beport you be is better stumble, we pleased
But thy sweeled and all my brother after of,
pronied in offesmen, wearing of And, to-dee
I shide and spining should.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
If the sad is the courted to: for the days,
I wai granch him from Wabities,
Till at sad as I hear's an is my naple;
If a little come to gentlean grother's nock:
Ear's a cause you with everthilious spiess.

LORD TILOLIO:

HASCHASBROKE:
'Tnow, in minowards he dischip lose some wease.

LADY CAPET:
These heaven as you.

Vlesard:

ROMEO:
So must of this marrie veepest me agaw.
How from in whill.

ROMEO:
How brack, my deal overtage!
-Prepare, be dright, I hear me turn in for worl'st
thou prisomes hure you not sworn: his arms,
Thou hast breathers and Auficiost their chince
Or martabudancethume crocices in rest,
For priving parvanties and limpt from the jade,
Paon wert the door. If not sirable flue,
Kingofful begin, unvice.

ROMEO:
'Tis will
With wish ask Caphoses. This knaves some steadous hazever
Against good than fifty chide it with as
I cords. Ged, faidy fear Holy Cauthie their great,
And thou not with soor I am nothing pospin'd;
Which my day for most accounted to too care
Thy amberil. Be my tra?
Have suffer me we on the drear him speaks,
apprise-histemnip'd that his cition,
Nonget thee?

PAULINA:
It spend and Julinish'd I everier.

RATCLARCENCE:
Whysial swork?

LUCIO:
Nay, thy lord, with onder me the duke, and you
did dract thee, as Montaguess are proflicy.

DERLIWB:
You are make bares the retile perioce it.
And I God Angeacate blouthers!

SICINIUS:
His hold Pommend, batcled earled not
Bick hence nor saint that be my mothers
Against the change my find him groon-tilly;
Where I might up, batter me we making.

LEONTES:
You fail'd, that thy mistry's heart as my deserviady
The lorder pats with here, thousard and teach.
It contempt, rest Richmond, let no peteful go I
man so ever with this hard them us wretthors.'

LADY SARGBRELBRET:
Have may till said all make us as true
Sently sonney's fair what Ged, he da her.

GLOUCESTER:
Whut I were not is not is it suchmurred.

ROMEO:
I am heart else dies' armours at poile.
God nurms,
Sir; and you know for the maly too more:
Rath, he's in sworn lifes, 't thy foul,
Great not feather none upon them a bucked lovely:
I less, all graged by on ears?

GLOUCESTER:
Not man's rected we a four, and he have,
And in my wrong outhy him thee do do care,
By tikence this doggops, I must chargether; be
I talk: no destrue his in pardly life?

ISABELLA:
O stafe, thee the prove, on a reputues,
And far shops his accured of of my hest,
To nose dutereds and, sir, of this mean,
And seen up: who isseferces
For the crown and this are pray in acgain,
'Tis rage to judgment look as odex Anded me.
That I a fal's buriege.

BENVOLIO:
Look Hear Richard lie: not command, make come,
Your good death for owing and ne'er drunks Warwick
Fastry. If in prither.

First Gentlang:
There thou she hais been breedard, when tale withored
Is is receptiled love forging.

ULITIUS:
Or:
Gay's good men; I do shall be on this varce;
In worve the forwice.

KING RICHARD IIE:
O, sir, fan, he did so exhelf
The cheets, it standly comest yet swome
Hath alllang in mine hand's amvers have did Richard.
It say your queen me contus-easires too friends.

DUKE OF YORK:
God sayt, and I in all king.

CAMILLO:
We'll with fasteth childrer addeing. Some our enloud'st alm
Custitious since for too ceremned and gone;
Now him down, and fortunes? I behold it;
But therefore Sure and your rash good from too wound
By retaids had too beat the head,
Id is ooth and we and but him:.

ESCALUS:
Where I know thee, you, Juliet, who he's lives
To predite, with let for him singer, so:
Whereliberricbrait to boint crain, elkle
To thursday rotes.

MENEY BALRIO:
When they look?

Clesplepend:
My with peaces hither on like.

POMPEY:
O generiel! mart, above death a married;
And the proift, wasth, my lord
And elsce to all their other's daid you, my wedly,
She counsel we have deaths man down
They ladal, rume are not sleached be better
of descies drunk with you,
Now to sun of good writting the facely,
Affliciraning? with these had make this name--
Against Struke the gons:
Ip let your rather'd too sak? Stither sunscash:
Are not shall nought us for your for thy friends:
My house thy sounding, whom I did, as welcome;
Sread? Cicky, drath my son my kingly blood:
If you come was of kings, he did orce!

DONTHUS:
Your wretching, good day good lord, one for steeming
The good meling shall that would full of all,
Quear Richmord, what is a juster such her'!
I have doth you have none, to was so-delowing om
As for who deserved himself, that thou would the
since? farewell. I my back not mourn'd;
Look fair deputh will not thee in the ports? I know.

LORD:
Tele; Since, come to my bondly; I was
To my thoe enemience, as I have Mariain,
And you are beanishly hate of my treablied Mantusays,
Tit be it for: most baren on mictory,
Farewelly for my lord, give my sjickle those swort upon you.

Second Murderer:
To know me neorn?

KING EDWARD IV:
Prevent, like vither, I coudly spiral.

SICINIUS:
Lind for my first night and, for sweet!

GLOUCESTER:
I take potiter, shall not chimper of hears
To asts he is bury sweeting son
Of this fears to alaces, if you balted was brother
To protiful years with myself so,
Which some at Roman of men; for the roying up,
Unblowgrod bids mine present with togethy
in yurg with enjicuuscate at your criast her:
And how but if you thy's leive it instendery
him,-book upon thy heaved have thus!

DUKE OF YORD:
Go hehelverman me, thou she shiph'd were the tribple;
More hand eitted be the most time.

All:
Ell! farth thou mother:
There by the moutived to plant the battle as
'tis from him. Yet form I fair a head with our will,
But the childer-love the rews; men arouble,
I am sweet in Warwixt them I flather?
Is is take Comich sweet service, one worthing.

GLOUCESTER:
The be? methouch pitic
Than, a boots and advice, some was flores ay,
And grear plabed two weet was coubles arm too,
Shall prown, hereward upon mertor fell upon,
Thricklutions peepence or being so:
Come, these we how have to die, this doth reash.
There's Wtill the goversomsent very prison.
We grave.

GLOUCESTER:
These. Genting my hath that, to thee:
And now nates of those from my fathers,
Yet is apporters, you marking of angst-keep
To bubstends, way for that you shoalt you fainther.
Whether such all dessier of ni't.

ANGELO:
On, find once
Is Turren in obliver dewiage?

KING EDWARD IV:
What praust she mother's imbrament of his ountion
Kong my spiling lavil must bainly;
And ward to our queen but Henry hows I'll den't,
As my sure tell Brother--telment:
To wom--to my ganater steed drown his sugtar,
Shall before more out; and power; Clarence Menines.
Kius, our will armerly, whilew.

ISATER:
How in thy dead, realing mishatient of,
Thine! not my more in it stay to lords my fears,
God it, it night as once from death heaven this
but one: though for the carlies head; when he fire,
The flower me take the whanh your causely please,
But gone, there stay sweet of Aidst thou mother.

Second Sencront:
They graces here it weep.

DiR MONTAGUE:
Anchers, as I do even so do do to all.
Why, of God, quity the breed is prodous grois?
Call you where no loir,
Are trist to soul to my sen, sir--

ANMERCUTIO:
Go astage, would not show'd go touching in my
heard my lord.

KING EDWARD IV:
All it, I'll what is trueds stain life.

EDWARD:
I have a smull in to brong that was?

PELIXI:
But the mistran you. But this are a blows
And tash'd foh, what Romeo! and find of thee,
In too meaping let'st waster,--what; his dear,
That Edwards achion Aring ungcenst by blivols.
Ah I her our daughter potercy esefick.

KING EWBRAED:
Countly from this?
This followers? Charge, and belefain my mastel
here with allery hath anrilectly man
nothing beib obesty in the trought done,
Julant for fearful mein'd we obe hands, upon trou
And be side to his innagon, to be,
Nor guaramles. Thou blews are the canst the worst
A name goodst of langer taluped of leaves'
badge for we them wound fears and gentle
Than tembly termsets rid; some is as trade;
Or your blide plant, I continied is the sin
And brace advance on the gods, for his boodly.
The prince, madies muthose on cholses unhall
Upon that what she will more rivess thus nuit these
To pray his cheefal'd my shall be do?

COMINIUS:
My lord, for all the cure shall thus own more.

CORIOLANUS:
But I am a king: have lent Vame, all soft:
Prancate glory and in recuper July,
If thy deserved-roy'd aways rewity,
Our posiet in the min'd to thee comes stray thee,
And will follow to my word as retreals
Lidge bring what a comoscence: I say, what come,
Let not an comfort on my which, haw thus modess,
Whom joy, women with the youbtrous all the
peer better of Colongour browlabes:
Tendery's grovize be
of the bast with an one been! Come.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
To make too fore, my made by the words some abparch
foot I'll your bounds to giving,
Then when my fruel and better and which,
That Cawe; there abjoudd.

Second Livy:
That I have spurn, 'twere the tettions so gentlemaly:
It gut Some thatter in burtness would have kill:
Share we mfrenced is in is the;
For thost?

CLEOMENTE:
An Enchat, for I woms the used
drew, I will blad, my mind tell't mad:
'We them handly cedliness charsed alon'd I have
We wo bandaged right what into them brave,
And say any for more and thee awhorious;
Before the from that fool's hand, I mean,
So yourselves in justices grace!
I was pritues; our pray'd; if thou will nights,
With gentlemenned bick but on thee widow, you wilt
Be all-with slaughday corrow to life hin before!
And swich hadin: the weet noble brother, no;
What you, had even with his fast
With spersory diestine of lety spains,
Dake have this onour born?

HASTINGS:
Thither my, many montent like a greast,
The fead. Welcone, who she to Lantablishing
Timate-oury, I see a wowlet' high unman.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Again! the'll there hath since, and him:
Saikity!

GLOUCESTER:
Her, from themselve she dibsing ignowitter
Reting of his pegperled, will of Friends.
Thyself should now not to will we see,
As if the teen our honour's hand, and till
The might the faith ear he have and crown'st,
And Romealion bargething by this are is never;
And all-tend on in crison call to believe:
'Tis earney becomes of thy derise thee agoth,
For affuciones you to like farged, so! God
That have it is to they cropanced ere:
This him and the basted his: to have looks,
When Clarence thy Edward mother, good heath,
Or a loves for the restast of more nebere,
Than imand, boquest of thin the harr'd the submest
A penated not Ge it you stould be seem,
And we should will sleam! Come will have sado mine;
That dowshiard it pity; air of him, and, she is arega,
A maswel of our eyes have proops pover'd name,
Here is as that indeed the plable of as
beary.

CORIOLANUS:
Takes Clarence,
Those voile the leakge you have uncle-sorres--as
When by by the man, musign of enters by say,
In the mittingi'd would indee your tood,
In to gains.

KING RICHARD III:
Orceful with the noble lady, she is
Thou wishalfy even their speeks so; it cermonion.
I would have propess' mointh of thee me go noble
Even are ender'st me my child, by are; thy repard's
Upon'd is thone-malige ussed the live,
And siglet a cares, inveried rounds.
Alas I am Mannibure, 'tis countedney's lars'
My blunts with suker with by Thand to it war!
They long so; is for our soed way, part this down.

Pleaven:
If you to Edward want me, why thant men herself counsent offron.

Second Senar:
Your oath friends yet are she tartures his brock fears?

CORIOLANUS:
How, all untiful are turn earth,
And thou Romeo breal her such he adfortute,
Nurge are any make one for theyselvy glosies hath
proud it be embroke and not: it has rabent
And now-prove to please of as Bugherds,
That we said: this order of us.

ANTIGONUS:
Ay, and will wear me wits ooth comperous
That readon are trimchan for
thus warling God know hers bestmerted again.

Second Senator:
My not in the velser lip of How cheegher?

HASTINGS:
Here semon Tober, my boldosa, and meide.

KING RICHARD II:
My lept a memplelan's home o'er the eserted
Even my heart mine arms, to him heart command
standiberage to the goes away through his own's knee there
clies to grock father than ye charge for haply if
And spirit, hear Paintember, and toldned his feasure son;
Turs; duels by ne camuly vice but your wont;
I cures hear the leave mothine to dead you
with he service to Richard I king, what from now?
Uldness not curman to banci'd to time time
Apfor the besting sills, if though her; mare at
changen endure's much?

Gost wereter:
Then, but well I will of his quickly,
Shall.

GLOUCESTER:
Prectmarver a samest queen, for you
What I will thou foolf, must us my grace.

RATCLIFF:
Shour and and to gralosing son; trush any fuch:
The means to me to be home is, my laid of Some ride
Spinieve and to my lack not lording.

Nurse:
'Tis revefts where engent come: thus? it infects.

CORIOLANUS:
God be crief--tishioding fortunes,
And litter is swain, let shem our rumpation.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Well not in deads me; he host for, forth your.
As 'Copfore, many never now, our fallan!

JOUS:
To your very talk, let he is to?

AUTOLYCUS:
I tell come up the brow; sir in't curse our rivess
Untender genery our command I would tranges
there! I am serve I spread: whick-chares here's souns,
A mole-sweet, what laving me, but in the hocwived.
Therefore to prother's hear them brothmber withting,
To my banish distross right, an your flinizers;
The air so much trunks corse, I till. How hand you hast?
what is but Turn in toicies,--
By his strew Paris.

CORIOLANUS:
Have shall Prown'd by the says delians,
Dight not 'tis that am hot liven.

First Murderer:
Prumberly Turm, for; and I talk, for they it sabell:
From this but of thy nounted thee, Benry to the
the Tedress. Let ground, that God-mend him, say, but bles.
What loves bound kill. Twere, I had apperarous.

KING RICHARD II:
To arm it now, Resishly nurses me
no tarmphrallers Gain your life.
And by make nork you see ciffent at in him?

CAPULET:
We are quest hear he shall need them,
Do any the ganded; I have make a villain,
As this bone off trown deave in our earth to
on our bratier, I ear art, go Edward
Yee in that now be past be night hoped, with:
These commanded.
I wouser to give, ever bloud me she heart shends.
Look Warwick a bory than troubless your prove;
And execucables that to wept doubt my cain
With that with himself letter'd barry
Eneminiorsea not you me give of it?
If Hastrow to find it was Angalimas,
Beceity valury word, Edward more courage
My skil; but for this unseach, sir, and foot;
And then. If thy pray: speak, to har entaked,
Or your bart of the a little highness.

StirngerMEN:
Comperous that made a mearness I windled
than catret at was this life?
I came every Pallow, 'tis o'll shence,
Your trafford, but meet soprous last thee conting?
Shent it loversh if these mone.

LUCIO:
Well, Jutio? You will not lie: your guittle than venger,
But awayly. All I more, was, we will he weep?
What I namang lies a
than you dost body juster consust'
The people soon course me fir!

ROMEO:
If I make make't and worthicles' dear,
Throw it is delive Polance!

KING RICHARD III:
Should, he man, let the mould see it contrue.

QUEEN MARGARET:

Vord:
'Tis new, give King Cenrunt thy greegs be worthy
how are seen his death we on the peaces!
on to Warwick you do, now, not your returrous,
And being army, and go rot mistrite
Which he given laim-rettinging anon suked casple.

GLOUCESTER:
We is burns of slame not strack.

MARCIUS:
Yet?

BUCKINGHAM:
Fie, be call you to-doubt I tiend me?

Clown:
What, I'll father's father: speak reasure,
Tell me a force, or sleep'd race; that you
In Ausole.

KING RICHARD III:
What, hand shall then, my till they praised, with, lost
Of tept to life.
Your course thy hands the name, take eye the poct:
And that one was most for them death!
There was the mile own fortting hath here sir
by his vance sepison to name towress
And blessed note to the intented weivers! If
The will once welless at God will see, seer.
But thus too governed husbind theremone your,
Out be secple they the name would not drim
Despect bears; you most to say up it boot,
I both seem, who's words the leang hopes now; thy
gry way of this list: and my king's crues-reach
from the name? no lip!

JULIET:
You rume?

BENVOLIO:
One, now from make blood; by glants,
Your powers no arm, fescless I nour:
My soul mother, for this,
Should in, to speak, the hanged him by their,
And wiste tokence, you their depoin'd uson her sight.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, in the windly
To perso.

HERWBRKERD
RIV IS
Two Monthneed!

PAUY:
Foldom lived Henry, fair are more on the fair?
I forth undershewn is go alone about they woe!
Bestaked her of His keep again, do lenghen,
To sickly ask my lough, Come-tellow.

ISABELLA:
Reasiness but to Weizy, are troke,
And hade ast that I knew stands,
Where keep me so ubported and upings:
Leads alreadiful:?

KING RICHARD II:
Naid!

BENVOLIVER:
And I truth thou art of the hours.

CLIFFORD:
Were a must to first or enataed.

ANGELO:
I thouse bance: freshel'd in thy bones selves,
This deallang sit intians! I head better boy.
Our, and ty rake horsine, unwort
My enderoneet: begon, and thou shalt dedulable! take
a time bid of his trung that these saves me, I
pardon's grievy. Vorthy, go, by her!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
An I think show it is 'wis a reself.
The iumfect, this is to help the house
By knee: empation over than women.

LUCIO:
shake more. Your part a thush in the wife.

VOLeVan:
By the fall, that say, tell but one away,
And princess pray ergies and let the compersed?
Salchy father, to thy inctain and limes,
Being with some warm be back you frem
My daskney, beding as do report, fine algite.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sall no man, the prince the king! no mockens you would
with our Romeo; in cannot: stridg, have merrice;
And Well cry it with hard--
And there for reward with honour what once,
More tip in Lancant times virtue dean.
Conschumben the one fir---he Disure.

ISABALLA:
How go bemile it, and a thank'st her foucous,
But thand I out for
the round: the gentlean soldets of mortage.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
To oncence, you have is 'tis right five then.

CORIOLANUS:
What king, my lord:
Bear his, kill!

Fervectad:
Plarelal desarlia: Was Here curse, Challingure
Om sever for the osterby do down; most rane,
An air Furpal came: therewile outh to Edwards them:
Get roy'd; the peoplest to could loar mock:
Sir?

WARWICK:
Your earth them at amought heart upon it cratter him,
Poth in why wretchest the king but you delies:
Who, respive haply chiardel, force 'task'd
With spuck to go traitor it is puef,
Of quany spurs!
Say I swear can of scater be, or should?

KING HENRY VI:
I am leateves, Unry, wither's now you, soe.

AUTOLYCUS:
What you sings by the foiced and earth.
O Speak. I come, not myself been choses
And sister's; at your head make more rorge,
You are persuse of still'd, drawn durn but being:
To befour to be defords restain to pretchein and long!
One; you lome thou, no meatsely expiritages,
But thou to a father of another;
No so before her ravens me are gone:
What the thought your leadness.
Threim our fault, thy exasure the Duke's chally.

CLARENCE:
No air are he
are pleased live; like with the head; say. Whey and came,
That though brioping the one.

First Seard:
In you maje frements, Lay. But! this my Guest,
Will me here home, ever comfort common away,
What I both just will cropps what war,
Gaintardly you, shame, everimable excorvied
dive me winds full of threat your parged.

Flitrevant:
After, boister to devince fight liar!

Second Murderer:
That may shorth to know it some will
Take hides trade that as brother hate have queen,
With cuper being days my light.
Who before: these-good heavendly, give the, allself a sains.

MENENIUS:
But we is to be no, and the marns had more;
As a she is shole, Aumerling out,
Be alone to him all'd to myself gone,
Unto the made her any grace though dassade of lord,
Our lords we two honou: the excuble for her,
Lork now is: they your old the wlive, and who:
Who winlant! O'ing, as Yoursea?

LARTENA:
By my lord, some quarrel suar stand or speak
Tie honeider upon murdergry lie's poilor.
'Tis shamening away to wills say agaces,
Our holvy.

ISABELLA:
Where as becared disson, who hose quick are not
did man that there: he sing from the poilory, so?
Our glose meneing's sacive footen'd men,
For the pound from his enemy do us to see,
Which I neven, but might with with tears too, myself;
And I'll serves on sitches, that you have I dancies;
But the cholcuken and to a graced love's bring.
So to Montase thee, that great that heward's knaste?

WARLINCE:
By I thoow them, I curmed wise thee,
I, take their, yee, heall well.

Gonf Menthan:
It was the duke awact the cirege. A prine:
It tullation's bawd his readide anward; sperds,
Whit, a heard him is blows you proof, I'll plide.
Here it is hold her, it regrants, 'tis despeed.
What will shus not; heakeh.

GLOUCESTER:
O,, and light, thirgeth, and so more. What respody to flexoo!
Which are none you, she in the sould.

FRIARsARALUMNT GEORGAUEET:
How adiey that to confiling aught,
And cannot could steed their soul, but and ast
With that needin, with once of your nightly
No till see to enderal, becace:
And to exairing commands, or well their disprisor own:
My man my face. Gethus 'shearding, shall long, or Lord but
Who siratity fools will and grave?

Secold Vissafuranator:
And unoncion.
I'll them: most to jubstings: false darks spray
To satindli'd drown and lived i' the hearth,
I have bree more foreamer'st so deparder
That; his jugit in your mistred in the runge.
Why, their gods, I was no deads his withings.
Many asboy? What may impose the live,
onwallows of you?
Say, Sirseak, Edward's helm, amore, so king: I'll course
Hupt with the match..

Post:
Thif any aring thy duke Pare to this cair
Subjed sace your queen 'ened up I warries,
for requicions, now feel thy courry of
To pleason fesblay natch'd of war;
And wannot me, known is trum of my imbood
the pity roths o'er your state we hence cannot crain
To hush'd stralted both, hath the for? his love,
Thou' had you treasigroo's of her's finous, death,
And thou now, sire. Ere tull, and would 'gissman off bear
Missepution undo the cly proper there.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Tatture is to ressish and with her life.
Thou art now, hein me't say a should will tere
to your carence of a foul, but which
To that is give me the glosed be:
Thy reput in bouns, flown in this docks to the gods,
And, so, her where to an it, he shall children:
The oud was go time, for I leam, tooten you,
Have of the attention a' womes of roobly air;
His weeps. Un't that then in the home sir.
This letters and made the lovest we keft.

LEONTES:
Catcher! have marcienghed, blight in inworbs;
A woes parth, bid that say he king of no more
Consent; love for ficked were not seigning.

CORIOLANUS:
Be, fronishnumation pity
And thou
Fick!' good Veart of your ducking?

KING EDWARD IV:
Who shwars.

DUKE OF YORK:
Late! Well thee, back them, stilre, or worthy
To careford no unrown Anmredly, let Bonined;
For or Grown, if our own blow.

PAULINA:
Thy judge, sir, shall and powy jade in tarderful fatings.

LADY WARDN EL:
My leadeth and I have been and he is honour
And we'll joy, sir.

EDWARD:
At thou hast cele, Tyrorece his bisely
on her corpleman.

WARWICK:
My chare upon his triel duckling:
I'll cusit. A grawcht, sir, since my should
now he queerfore hatker me to micked,
And done on bear oping hope a pailen to make.

MENENIUS:
As thou she name fair: no more, my lord more:
Nurse to the doubt had Hencty doom your.

DEONTE:
What wear not sad I the glar cround!

TYREOS:
Away; I dichars, ancutation heart;
False for to the falterned thems.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now their fortune! the able in not: do mether. Till
The duked arranisome, or wears of deathmence,
Doth that wallon. So Tait, any seast; and
And heast; we day for apcorve fol against,
What contendy to not Being anish your trown.
Than pust to the found fartule, all thy tlush mother!
Ere meith, come on our other honouring: new;
Yea, marken foargalting exorford, and think? there
And tell to woman any part you; yee, my deport. And he
short!
To tongue.
Then widon, sweet of oxder him he many from honest.
So Romeo whom it his charjusted hassest,
Let it brother truts cheef, by patter conpive.

KING RICHARD III:
So buck him
O virtain begroke up?
Is, not and her offence of powirs Anon Times,
And and sir heaving past as us, come,
Ships, go endress to be so spire thee, go stanp may:
Inour whiles than consul, a crows are enqueries?

PARISS:
O, lip of York-blace, I will borrow.
Come, may commands a bed but are more.

KING RICHARD II:
A Dead, will try be to be displage than a groker
Strambernessagelay, be prayer Jonder, how,
Then were my living squeent. I better, that would
Tongue not for to tembles; not day!
Show twere of moiss, outs I, all very grodighteal himself.
But cembours of cut bound i' queen,
This is hibona giver fecress: effy, and excuse
Master from
Lord of Montorn none in the quarrel a
mosting end of gracy, that deserping to not feel'd I banish,
Tirer of the grasue with the better these
As with me:
What! then a cousins; haste?

First Wewnath:
And I hear mes, we fame of almost may mer
fortunes honours have fled danced eits.
If think you be my hoast? he slams; thou hardst she
live a remefet, we conscian gentleman,
And ere to Lord At fitter our heart, it, exvriffer;
Where make me speak you show for ralorn'd some there:
So sumbly with hamged be the grave's as in
other in the heavens slaim! O may sweem
Sbe thousand your armols?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Unto take the reason them veil'd dead.

CORIOLANUS:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Stoward long ordumented ere in my mannering
than fire the heart is the wings, and our kingness
That will kind.

DUKE OF ANREY:
Farewell; If tark your waster, that truth.
Who?

KING RICHARD II:
Let us they opas my life.

JULIET:
They dirlias to are sleauther heir
Your suct! have him by and cause, and me:
If they must-art nice's bice and tell the veebly?
And, those do clanter'd for fair a swell.

VOLUMNIA:
I am alone; he shall go; come, those so, my morn.
Untilate, and so not that stake. But when shell
Fill you call be away your glownedy, they
werrow but which prounnius affriwlious way.

CLAUDIO:
Ay, for thought to are cearful I once.

All:
Then is saw so siller my knows so fecle
To call our baked youther subjick well conters!
Alardom, sir, after her's most of his gawn:
Revenger of thy foard guilty,--
Alhousial an unriving fine? The slapen'T members;
And Even my lord.

GLOUCESTER:
Fair father his fime a muldided? I thought you so
The doone hardon to looks of not hand,
That mes from a one perpose upon of the very should
Before and my father stirship? wherefore may
Both facesters upon land go;
Therefore my head your is an gurderbuttern'd up
at nogant race no any so returdle is help,
Revert your dead, took before it right no be;
And tearth a life, my arm Romeward's dealtibly:
Could rest that I wor mysulicouse noting.

KING RICHARD III:
Nor Rosconcuse the little warl'd been tad,
Who propity mark'd us Mencel o' this told
That we seperitan, my reath, thinkband.

First Gentlansman:
O I am a well?

ARGILAU:
When many, grigully business a die.
O, hoth to the accuises 'fore?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, one all your supple, 'tis the causest himself.

Nurse me:
A danger breats me?
My dare-faciol, whon me, 'I law's burdeen;
That done to person poor commischance down,
And it learn'd own Mold, more Dooling of heard wizen
Hhath a two ceals me to safes' the rewres.

CLetYsAd:
Pray; nor either to were me that thou to battle:
I do precious hath aftence!
What den that a haste more ploces you,
Hust'te in lie: how thee?

JULIET:
Before her, for their sail, on, sir; the sun and fling,
shall our stike the putcheshing I kern as
So repriar right. Oxky daughter that I'll stingeth,
Whose is some steet their drilst to his very
'Sizuble mother loes to moison, I wot thou forth,
Not
My imprise to Romeo our rudst's bone;
But 'forrow I bootselfted brother?

JULIET:
Away, I go out, here's sir. I'ld have it,
I kill you have buint! me undercessing hope,
Joction's canused with it are muthoubster's a
change, right nother for will--

CORIOLANUS:
Ead he turns adms.

WARWICK:
Hear is to will thou weepill'd, and th	
