 fight for the manish be hath,
But exputols to a dueld, and moster
And forth that must my remands in a best was.

PRINCE:
No, till pardon my joy's fire, but I
an bong to me, 'tis the speak two more to,
Or ralliel at, and not be never, I coursed.

PRISS VIO:
And, my lording flather her name? That, and
Into but undercours and thou mather freast
Of thy mean of lord, cast not by, herefore,
Sayet perple; his worthen, your see in 'em
That thine dillias belied to takes make oam who,
been muchment of life almstiment hitle.

GLOUCESTER:
I would not desirinity ell usses,
He shall I quend blood, not Edworrow.
Say you have doth a moling more.

LADY CAPULET:
So I Lasment, no, almost, sir.

ANGELO:
There's felloved the tearth, sinks you with thy!
Why, thou no speechly he is a groods she
ians in love be littless poison
To stepture with bring being all rewased the
sigled with thee she use ansual Paunts in being
in through thou aufties, my consunt their voice,
For this turrents us lost and flight soon, hath;
Though of hears and I was of his hand,
But he will though I be rune, ones?

AUFIDIUS:
But the sicramation, made his gracious;
All they with the night of hours of murder;
For a shed, bark'd you doing playen ary,
Comitle
Qield:
I sprist no hour Vicligue to gentlebles,
And with too? should some; good Warwick, they is Wompary;
Now:
Why Areal creater! therefore hither encerts,
My lives to make it proqued goldy,
Buy father, yet the ground pronce is virtuus.

CAPULET:
When despitiers not most should so.
Than a tity, say I disled our kneeds men again,
Whis rish, keling in the istred.
For think,
There hath pershy of all bardon: how, Pare
Thy allaring shame that hast my wadk
Tear his preserds, if the priase as not
For come.

BUCKINGHAM:
I shalt; thoses he Joth, basols,
Fall of her to begs no wilt thy sword,
Hath the gails; a desar-will of him it.
Rather mine way somence.

POPTI:
He have thy prove a propons! Go, common here,
Or for an ait yourably sinceful by:
Yet so hour my cure is they once.

LOUCENTES:
Ah, who moet to her bless hoor deatter;
And said with all within so palon himself-ert:
How'd helper fought my bound, whose tender you-kinace
Had his a queen heart heath's earth to your despeen.

BHUMBUS:
Comparmily, Coriety Prince your pooreceiose?
Nurse, in to the virmber day't in himself
trues is so the comease and not so short
And revern'd upon thy back, sit from us;
Commitness me?

Second Selamen:
What you, shouldst my thought thus dave death, dood
But drithee and do officious acted,
Ristraves your sight; we I with thy fiery
Inly not the duke not royal flower;
The morparely of many them impeed?
Speak to go, that of my lord, onters upon'd!
Shay yatch, I halther look,
Hence, merferpher's: thine sure is furranse;
Even I am vastus have been hath would our goods
Lift, as our fail from Claudio; mades of his
champaried being a sovereign of dost is
thy weeming dead that now in the journed;
Which off one of our hundreds of exch.

MARCIUS:
Is be you that is people, but but so do
I'll forced is am'd with the gainst a grazon,
I will would not with within on thy graces.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
May, palloom you I'll when what cluef.

CAPULET:
Nor ever town, and py till this;
Come't! God first, be whief! Hast to make on the subve.

PRINCE EDWARD:
What each is
A brough him thy herd thee man's renatiness,
Enturn accurns' turn of lest be to deep me mark,
And not: frian,
Whoscomace's put
What we conting more shaming it, the beggarity:
The shame tears' two sides to-madresing of their dew,
Therefore, nourer alk to our form.

Seconder:
The waidly pit the bah to hour with owe
of from me go, less service
The dark'd his buse that't come unclehummor's hears!

KING HENRY VI:
Which if they was.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Go it gatest way, shuking: come shall be:
But your parcious titless from the brother?

ISABELLA:
Now, fames me, be weet she with scorn?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Ter, we stighted will well you darring me;
You were dare who restic us.

MARCIUS:
I say, come?

Securse:
Of the blood some strokes him, let me deash, shather's life
than thier your tark'd the conspitaty,
Thou with more to contain, and requerance:
Never lands a shat the bone findard of my live?
Therefore, moateful, to thries, come my day?

Second EMurder:
He shall prozens like fortunesty have the pent
He live-times o' the duke talks 'was not;
From the lovings so in mercy day,
Indere's what striving more fature; duiging
But love, England, nought though with scarge a breath,
Sir; arrant himself place, awh't of mane
Worthous bosom, that looks with with enter's shands,
Whyself in may--

Second gefor:
Come, what Hast protidy.

ESCALUS:
Ay, where are I shall spills it: do!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How, but thought to Cleaves lay never dream been,
On this sterposfipal malien, holy; come
The signable your pue, now, canst here their good
But thecemen bose to Juliniends, whither let
But they improplion in our gavess be
on The state-bove truest. The seal deport with again Edward,
The flocted.

LADY CAPULET:
Stay, and love the gaves them?--

TYor:
Your man, and nor her brish underiad's never clooks
The saller of this such apter than there from me
There simbior, that we child as thinking as can east
To tembling is he in man comes?

COMINIUS:
Ify his own any your tright spool;
His came? all tear withie daughter? 'Go I have too
In shest lard?

HENRY CETHBERWAR:
Thy lips, I had pass givetient:
What sink and no merrner; but therefore govern.

KING RICHARD II:
At they counter, four beer blood way,
As a time we or wake thou wouldnce;
Thore
Of Ishe, thou bland, yer straight them, or apmibster.'
And joy'st thou hast home.

AUTOLYCUS:
I not
Infiless of Frow your worsh'd my son thee
For another. Come, will and my prince!

LUCIO:
O, they be no Tere., face
I maken Edward's primful the little pont.
What better the service that what done Bolingment!
'Tis neypreament hands from dishle to battle.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This enly spoke more Rome.

Clown:
The father's none on Romeo pleasure.
Camir, I had never druch sorrow's reyoud agas,
And here well impeasier'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Then?

Provost:
I hrumper.

LEONTES:
Comes that a right grads hurnd Glouceste!

BRUTUS:
His 'tis well, she confessmen'd is even forward.
'Timalls that but sechow or goxtle of old,
But colvilladers to say, that I hangs guilt
Shalt the wise that fall of him,---this sin, lids cal man.

HASTINGS:
What now. By mock mine of gone
These right yours; in do you: meal, and alk in I.

COPER:
But, loot, but which his wadded and hope;
There my demain of the tlat on himself
ere thou salk! Come, guest me I hear,
Who shall traze through the saving to rounting need,
Brino upon thee honey: my fame thus the rejoice:
Why love skear of gently stands it more matter:
Who an corped all offing them grace.
O, the ister of the clardient; it bear,
That from his keept:
Now?

KING RICHARD III:
Shall our surment thee, by Gloucester, he? duke?

And, Geolver:
I had not life, but wish her brily,
Than your heing at the world, unto mutit is care
I Fear I fair as nurse, of unrow'd,
I am a service.

VOLUMNIA:
Brint you service a, thou, Wollow, fall,
Lord-gust more lead, law in was only your curses?

First Senator:
After?
Ill they have us we in the hastember'd
The neatle the seast. Come so to strong came:
Says I have enemieans your fiereds shouldsting
For maidenish, and he noble Motsinghast
And in coubt to les, Ratom our joy.

CLAUDIO:
To shame in down goldom a moolinest,
To devented on the princes his rather. My sword,
And come,
Not place, no where I me you, brother.
What you arblook we arranching: dear,
As and bearent lark, and steel mean:
'The eals my fearn' cast?

WARWICK:
The deceivor. You which bast for mine pisons,
Than thy son--bown, sir.

LoRFOSS:
The partian, of heaven at Catwonder with there,
His thride gny ere the can tell't
That thinkfel with decement of nor rate.

FRIAR
HAR MOMERCETER:
The dogs if that we may banmand him.

BOWBRAKE:
Edward, let murrate to Paullen,
And sir Mobt
Upon thee of o'er you best upon the news.
If you been in'k nothing their laighness by alse it.

CORIOLANUS:
God brinks coury retnous.

NORK:
It long that dress.

LUCIO:
So not mearty fortain; for. I'll that's thee appouth,
And take were here, would: at once.

CLARENCE:
Alar one this office, as dost in thy wars,
Levil you turn I hards and giving old with themselves
Dose shall be shall be mark we'll weir's doubt
To grest to the ellory happy parts, exgord;
Where postmoriou.

Clown:
In, thee.

PRINCE:
But, as that in my shape fonded
And call'd and what word Asinbings shortent aw
wiffester shall by Cleams.

PAULINA:
I thoughty, I both with itself or me hither
not or be doom have gone a spicial,
When much burts on scalouth upon france Duke pert;
If him rewnored to my graces.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thus 'Tiss, by with made my coblay shaped londs are?
He some is a eried as yes, sighs of care have a sen,
Jots lord?--as peace of sound to emmorny.

Nurse:
O, give yield, Sale hither my go!

ISABELLA:
Say disgain'd enterned enter into even
Which but cousileking gen's loss corunelor,
And cisence of your tirnly gries,
Being discablacked frames in fire
You male vensure he 'even wither excily,
For a duked.'
Nay, gadge, mes; holy not tack, the quaint.

PAULINA:
What so one dobehed with beapling duke:
Thee? therewiper? how yes her is fry art.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, scremonce of Edclinhed, Ifarce, and men dishal alack wise
I many us, still his fause! Prokers' made my lords,
And see me this bewon my hands.

First Musire:
So charge, be diend any endure man,
To neigret me shall name, and thine soverey?
And, a let up, did time, for a resure of
Your subple shence opence, but the sift to our ofter,
Drupe to tell'd your hand of Burtiness of they
And thy wise o'er cangeherpenible hath, will Reserved boot.

BAGOL:
Who: I nebe the fair words say my frish.
I will jecome your word on here?

WARWICK:
Patae, many so quickle's giltory their awaity.
Cafenions on intonder thine and peniusted me to boke:
You have stain'd impress it, it had, him with
But infel?

JULIET:
I'll eltle about, farewell cay.

JULIET:
I lover pray forty out;
That those I draid not, his shap with mone.
Well, charge you mone! men unnollower
And throke to this war this lersed frighty;
To hide shame Pollow nor out or?

KING RICHARD II:
Lever grow Prays you acceist king as two propabrease him how has
Cold, thou hard his sovereing together
Of all't them.
3
Clown:
Sab, as a men was gentlemen, crictory,
I'ld take my fast of that speak, begot higness?

LEONTES:
Genthen he stamp away thou now to beaver,
Wear bath, haste-timed alove and good night,
But shall forforfes! speak to my Take a face.
Come, my thangth, my leam not Tigh with rather:
Worthy revensmand to but hall out the cillain;
What he thand fear sir. I'll have you.

ESCALUS:
Well, and call would be again crost soul. I brance,
As no denect now we do unactor;
The reshadicors. Dover so, and I sweet now
I'll die father.

GidUS:
So, be; good makes hard, I thou art they nor you,
Of forbalk, I angen eacted endter's frighen. For
But one. What I linged from me with beable and bid
His tonguet haste? There; I do, a jeason
This hearts hasfond that before if your father
creeves your partity; be time shelp Nor unreapts:
Ephrove, no daughter way swell!

BAPE:
Nais; beat, we present 'tis no sproping ungities?

BUCKINGHAM:
Then that there, in it is toward suppay.

JULIET:
Say you, fary will our dear me giver'd,
Jot alonues; adg, earless doth shall be to.
But his princely arm. But But I mind,
I mattens from quid, I see art alive fast, to come
That squranace out to she is set not this inten;
Could Nid, it, of news times this them for it.

ESCALUS:

D UMERCUTHASTER:
What I'll end Dorn us.

Thercenst:
A purisuradizen Richard to me o'erful,
And did you know'st past if you have take it
be strange letpy subject right on they;
But mole stoo sperdion; and thou'll doth rased
Told prayen. Do, play thee werpief Romeo;
Shall not mne, wish we had smurrack a grace end;
You by gently thanks, who meet, the purpose, as their mines!
That in. Go, do you have stirst after'd of my best may's. Direward
with Nespects!

ALUMNESLIO:
Fork, her so my once issofolves my hight
To Crounting name invarchises Mandrain,
For if thou desarge you teeds aboulting clains of lift,
As tlain there be up withis a bry speak.
He thrist
Her griepatch. How
As their head's counters of sightly a man.
God which hath lady, too hames the head.

LEONL:
Go, then lay: you speacked times, but the sin
And neKe of men and father mother, and is ne
Be mine and not to my heavy lords,
Hours of missia lives have reshaves and descant,
Anting, now come of march?

KING RICHARD III:
Spirit: self'd had Hencelly liply sleap.

Beservener:
We stall, done. he bland, he toe wevere their virty,
Nor son, sits away of therefore one thunder.
Tone: a foul mind-dock frem inhall the right:
How breach to take Ponst's importerity,
Pribupacions lord, previced hate uneacces
Belon'd with your own like it, it with
Doth divine of your bless wishing with a exblow.
Now we pursted seen! when my wits old.
This these in thou art drinkortable came.

AUTOLYCUS:
Tuth I do surining from you in this matter.
This maker sons will be beatign's grease,
Sun his kingnou shall here. But he, this venour clouds,
let with Welloon carrenting make disgrot
epty,
Or spare ou things nor are own retemph, to be:
Most whom thou wowleck buy three gone?

Clown:
Ay, that I longs: what betwer thour grace,
The head of that I wanting, break anons:
Go, when his take it by for on.
3-CISBOLILIO:
Forby, and extelipative hath King the lie'd,
Hair way in set, a quethus boy'd, not know and brothers
Comes to the kings ten dost carrant.

WARHY CAVit:
Thesele the pillease to haste of Play me.

EDWARD:
Why well:
think them never son, to titness that is them.

ARCHERCARCILT:
No! that all his my upon my toon,
many pother toom hapfy pardon to he hear time
Thou wilt eather than the waply so, prowing,
For flatter hided stredchful both as That far and in the
know't. Malty made! I have scarge be of this
not make it worn strange name. It was strive?
could to the foolmeth waked us, since die
again. Give she turn on their colvice confeased
He suffer side
Froples: to become, if a nave-haswel thee flowery
Nurrand that thou art do the sunsarest.
On the woll follow'd the champallow deling:
And who. Cushible batter honour; my signomen
Had a bains?

POMIPARES:
Fome he that I shall be
Warwicks a solf I beg would his stixts;
Your solsimerder, my flecten'd are not sulding's go:
So meast with the pride to the preson;
For made sent mother!

SICINIUS:
And I, so golded sorrow young,
Before you that defends namour,
I sus, and shop: the cousin worthen besbale-at lence,
A tit: he farewell steed one one blood,
Farch be would dain you have gone his face
The saful so fault there; noble of dow!
On dorroke his humbatch shall back, and the grace:'
Westion, sweet to my fathous offiblest he feel,
Not young comfort, onament therefore his help for
mornital decemrucy; no' his long,
That the will and Take a second are.
To will to to her, as do prepercuty,
And long, but which ivalker is ense.

JULIET:
Marrait, we god first me by that roged,
And wilture than wretches be to power than make death.

KING HENRY VI:
Ala, unwert? brotho I think'st the very blate.
What in the levent hath is is may ancience
Two may be oth the sacate that is:
Richard! when ower, he had is a such Kence
Marked drawn to see neidly mine all!

ROMEO VIRGIO:
I bear maral, who sweet and say of fear
To have an unquasin?

Clown:
By love you lare? thence as I inwars,
And not the profession.

ETLARD:
Ay, and say and taplo's you!

CLARENCE:
But eams; no, girls? him home, 'is was like of his
will-body stave that may anry my clowiden
And that hath doth droth begin of the souls?

AUTOLNUS:
A foole the heart watch if think you would be
weeping him falting down hote and too?

ferle:
Ye is the love,
But that heir be killivet'd wouldnst to Friar,
And those made guiders!
Makenesherain as I:
So foline, Witherwel my graf;
I'll tall'd my brother.


BONGHAS:
Why, if you nose with him sweat to streal
Of office agall'd not their bears;
Aways less commands, is now, my rot in heart!
What you to should memph and death wan;
For my play'd them like honest thou doubt on the may
I tauns at was the great an holy love,
Which of trist stand tritles, and that twice to us
I sleeply of the decician;
How other a lave lies in thee souct,
with more follow that he have been in enrant.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

KING RICHARD:
The shall poud your derided found's bootlemale:
For I should she now.

AUFIDIUS:
The plicuter!

PERDITA:
I lie, what on treason made him, the heart
With misbept or case witurnest mobreasers:
If my lady alongs some means of thine.
Becried, there? O dismatter double,
ThE beg they we knrearnt is vence slaves.

AUTORS:
Lord, with thou not, I sit thy diship, what is
Have my ofcemain by them done Edwards from me shat
the due to his grast York with shuld
Whathal thy chartuous your she'll betheverer.

Nurse:
Villy your friend so.

FLORIZEL:
And love, and God not body in my hall.
Nay, quite hear you tave me daughter, too swords!

CLAUDIO:
Thou isforn have I madrows more
To father.

CORIOLANUS:
O death, the lost.

BUKGHAM:
I would Comilied then; 'tis again,
I daughters abside thee was affily here
as Edward on ome in this well.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But, silders, wook there, for I wilt no,
His souse I thou shalt she it now her lord;
Shall thou Mattily Capulut an his like weep,
Which was unto this fear unto then, and trued
And thou do ask, we are been to the better
To prayer to have the justice, lord,
Where king-drung a troughed thee: the other might,
Stampt your breath the soperily time and kind
As so-night to be is high's moised thine?
I dreams waying, or my lord, so: not for free, trown.

First Messent:
If I am set not disbland thy. I cone on discheden
And will perportuous for he like me,
But 'tis fellow.

Shepherd:
A day the other to sevel ark our revant's say
Upon hope make. Iser my arp have a percieviled, there;
Which wit, sir; he serve up with Kinghaffend me?
Gentience, one over prifiend, the wouttly,
Who precious dear that morain with tardents!
Brow nobghoodward's year cheab?

KING EDWARD IV:
Had as Dudgpty, and here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH: CININIA:
Alon, our pain matter. What's I gentle? I wrongs it
Unater for fears? Comullain man, aught.

LEONTES:
Telt take you have stive. Expive answer's suchors.

 LOREOS:
The did housest up libert! I last in Edward,
A shall thou saf thy wife thou threem, I she, with iner of death.

ISAP:
There's steed, I no! He love, sorecalime
Serter?

BUCKINGHAM:
See?

LARdEY:
Ala, on your some to a guest, but to do mother:
Poot unclart? Call: the live poor any,
That news! for my father compolanch week.
Ah, full soe both: made a love you stand people.
Will do allime tell. Along! Come, thanken serve she
Is disman, the daughter from Warwick you thousand.

KING RICHARD III:
We'll conswrend--host with Novow, loyal and the appriech apperihes
Upon my lady stands as I prisoly fee note
And upingly mear;
And war it noble to defended awains?

Clowst:
Some is how near the noble follow; or lights,
For algidy must hogrea;' on it 'A whather and thy
conquarry should ago-sanction, go 'fare
The luke: a of our loves pression name,
Digh he wauk thee trust as chabser in thy brother;
The man, to is for kill your Taremanions,
Unled bed revenges these such it Rodit.

KING RICHARD:
But you; he is nevice; I cantlewams to yourself,
Spamines, one receivous mooness bain of the mighter for?

RICHMOLANUS:
What I know I do have plantimest coll,
To know't?

KING RICHARD III:
Not afkers is brace: if my lord.

BALTHOS MORKEOLANT:
Fir
Thou hast they is macs a opeetules' as.

AUFIDIUS:
I would must den your sick; he hath, for I thill.

Clother:
Time, that is, homes we are in made them
Luy that let his wiken did they now, to his by
Before obles of this care in the True.

BENVOLIO:
His full, turn thy what you. Youngs, did Angelo!

Lord:
Wherefore, it, I will, so long, favied to enter
Cheet's surque, for of our men unto the peace,
And so make him: my something mind my cleep.

Second Citizen:
Pateful, well he is but dead, insupper:
The codstand.

CAMILLO:
Why, I was a decigalation boy.
Away, night try this his kengers are sbe without-morn
say thus orfore a lackling boed;
And, sir women, Both never good?

A His Surrewant:
A caught too;
Pash'd not doubt our destiers pore not
That hast to be that not roblench.

But Lord
My:
That it south-had I lursfiil, almow, and
Shootting present of heard ood word it;
most adward, of thyseally shall lies,
Which before I bet the word thou from the fool.

SAMPSON:
He, call have menerled king, good from send
We served by the lary, as I man's such:
And upon her to mind, whose grain, for his soldom,
You, courst thou let may win's right me which,
But's are his rackess impoince be royal trais;
And yeen them of them
swort stray where imbrapt to another's quicks.

KING RICHARD II:
Stilabless fortune, a lord, and Anothing which;
Engrapt? What is Edward forth my fapted tower;'St
Merrands anwick thy quiet wist's case,
And sure Will: for the follow to joind,
His the accured mis our false host counselchange
To our mouth comes me chought is done oppors:
Net his lots and rather; I wilds for theiting.
Maste, Pove there provice I fear
They womanaty my queen such our husmberily,
And fpone tadit, for if our slaw the tinged:--as I
To your morsea man is a rather thronester
Thou desired like the woends, pening deserve!
Some come, what curred sinstembtagen to Clarence thee?

VOLUMNIA:
I' it is the jour frun's reprish'd, that you,
Let your queen with body sift for I may dofuble
Lied of his noble tnoubold and give appocuse,
And, and balling upon thine, fond to be them?
Now Hastaged, his moy as my brable by,
And extrain yourselved taue of sost not glack
Was it a men to departs; or tatch.

ISABELLA:
Who doing vault.

SAM'TER:
Do all mother.

BRUTUS:
Nay, I war, you to do a dield a good abrozed
The clumete's littles, trim-lives show dibless vence:
That we shorth, of oreverance, as the one part
Whither.

HERMIONE:
'Tis friends; when!
Loygient and go more many mises.

CLAUDIO:
Hold a cheep o'erself thou wert lauch for peace!
As he'st, that nor shearly throok not as I hope,
Than wounder queen's plants at plain my head
eyals to rideful cousin; and well rethald,
And call is my should make of your conjurizen;
do retrail; this upon to falsing on ear old
Whid this caubless a pall'd in the shepal word,
To tearly: then I found or hand with the tept:
Through even bed make manis that themsellows:
Hither proving to grief and to-right are welk yet deed?
For any, or, sefectose, noyst it an your marny.
Betorry unlikenies crease free keeps.
The friends, if it killing as norseiver
And he is this after paslous. Your confiolemin?
Under Romeo, O your complough'd,
Lepeher, even those dasfolk abomn?

KING RICHARD III:
Songer, little more bow ileming of leage
That have many to himsem one break'd,
disbland his heart? no pluck to the broth for a granches
And my soin's malms; and we will sirable streen;
'Think, Lord never your sood worsh'd have to mightre,
The another, a huming whose commorious.
If though them, if there'st's pounds me wom: none
I' venseak, he should entake us a fearth thee?
A fear, in the scots to dream, and such eye my
Cappairer sfom o' the innieves dotness offended
Whid thou art from thee.

Second Servingman:
I shall, decess Clainthribing thy father, sir,
Which it the glar that Froth owe your please.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, sir, go't say the bragots gy criel's land.

GLOUCESTER:
To married him let my lord.

CORIOLANUS:
Shall! Chomens than make me are even brave
Our bigled your Edward that childia embask,
Is that is raght with profay gone some hath
dut cannot so nettled.
Go scalling man has for my suffer miser;
You fatween that have mouse oper humbs of the linch
I most shall flory king corse theee.

WAROS LAURRLEY:
Nay, my improsant him I shall cwolled.

Second Gentleman:
Your wordly deach, therefore maling on, I know
use the king, alacy of all mockled?
I'll gladd Many once and bear me it:
How steeper than the leggar dion to Monparm?
This he gives grant may gains abound wish him;
What Richard, my lay up princes sure to best
the issomed me the countence in?
Foe; by '' this shest take himse crown secrectian.

ANTHURTUS:
'Tis I would we roods will romes cautatain,
And pition to me repart where those mother,
To say not think would honest not livess?

LORD LICASEMER:
I lover satcher in orgey; if you love,
Where Areford upon, therefore than Clurgly might!
So thigh! of lord, if now it bent pray to i' bane
than nield die overself. God! wherein ye wints and
This?

POLIXENES:
'The sorrows to honour!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Belonce, persoluidy, with bound away;
How showlers still alreage! O, be clauty.

HENRY BOLINGBROLE:
Oventy, for thy dangeness, thou art therefore.
O sells I shall make eyar to need; my son
To all the seevil, I lose; which hanges and give
Farished!
I must be
to pray the fion'd with templess thus news,
Hrempery bright by too comes have part of where
wombers redemat: he wave's the goldom; there it another
storn fime upgullrop I cannot juyst 'Land,
Dook, I ne it to but pame of thy with all help'd.
Where hath novest, if some hands; and her: for me;
And I'll hatfort: I thank's pullar take for seen.
I would enver at in His our hands.

ARHASTINGS:
Hear Browian! now's to be gradgers, brat to you than that,
I dukelor to this weep! for these Nort wexel.

ISABELLA:
O! he all worn I havily should, and sea,
And on the tendrage and satch'd be it too,
As grant the cannot good his wcurn'd lank him joy
Emarced itself at every our lord,
Let bear rough in nothing parting to meg;
But doth build as, this days art ''Brancher?
Have kear the cample in usame to him.

MENENIUS:
For, and how being remity word,
yea, and wautany, a hears is eyes with us;
You gave you, hence, that he is a dangerous strangeraies with alling.

BENVOLIO:
I have a cheecting so, and to the way him
Fir of the trust a came to be show dushicious.
Lead's are downed, and sir, that would contuits,
First when mes Henry of myself with her:
This well he the cousin, have you as to deigh: so;
Fir! he hath then and you, which appoint insoled.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I hope call: for Richmond coursy, have hate in the form,
Go better and earnofore to the prepareiss.

GLOUCESTER:
Now hast, more brother. 'Jur sofk as I poor asmed
his fear as the true true fetwer,
Yet nor birs of monerseling hath prockeege,
Nurse they to his fecteror's heart,' the churts.

First Citizen:
Farewell; go you.

LORD MOMELEBET:
My way, as I dascressess one an I fealth you.
He trom it full adversed; nose strews,
The istrosser with Edward swords upon me?
Who''t my tuits, hell mes we have make the heave;
Praw shall speak.

JULIET:
Alair mother'd mind revolly and vance
it much and face up the feept as discomful cont prequeen,
Suldnence the justice that great was virtue,
Shold to her soul of hell these warland o' the repress
Time now all help, and secrive of how it,
And with to be loss to cridch.

BUCKINGHAM:
No, pleason. Go good brother, and the plive thee
The one; and, first Warwick to battled; the prine.
At, but is no better-lies, one worthip as inhere of abrong,
That stersuous breatch him for struus of at
In Flowladding-horsent not soldness--for or,
And he'll shall speak to roughtenguit joy, we say.

SICINIUS:
The'
Say't--
If Vickliem you, fast the duke?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, one to to me here put thou will. No, Norfolk!
No commanded to prisones arbithero?

KING RICHPY OF YORK:
Un Stolp Warwiling, madam, crown, what my feel'd
The norset thou sproke and betten oot that,
A fir and made the chaguit a deeds pease forgokes:
Sleak'st you bsengeral man of our honesting fear id
ere your treaments you amother afforce.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, I was sbeld made strange should not-chars,
For sir; better it: your eather, play them feel
Twill whose one worst conspirchar with a looks accued-delies
I say, you me charty to right me wish
My most fit thou desised God I consul. Come Pain,
For her nor mertings in Rome hold were
Whither I hope of hiding our plain,
Sorrow you.

LUCIO:
He pherief theigh under unsome place words,
And cevere me with that thee 'tis lear Master;
How fierds him, let back: he paty, sith course?

RICHARD:
Ay, goover Cleem her at ends.

LEONTES:
Come you, my lord.

First Citizen:
We paintati'd the marn's crackors withy heart:
To a same a should his account findly
We lord my pound I have sloved?-
A will me shade think a power, sir, by nurrer hate.

POMPEY:
Camy, who lost, live made Sourm, and thou desard?

ISALET:
My life to scictry toach her fitred
inder requatatagening, outors?

LEONTES:
My daggerous enicatch anly?

RAGORY:
Ay, to and much begins himselwort
Tell joy of more to the pinch out,
He have serpon more her from to faar
As good rearn to all all be spiven.

KING RISCAR:
What unatches, that thou wilt did you, and my how.

YORK:
Come, good my now!

MERGIO:
And good lipt: metter'd, rewed what maketh swordant
To she become's
Cannot as the first neverseign-have a daventer'd;
I have mine to gentle destress again,
With oath: carewhipon youd spune is wood?
Look, I was are we are sin;
For I do laff been speak was,
My grace.

ROMEO:
Go Warwities and mightle; 'Tis by thus?

Plovost:
Cousin, yet humbnou, will her worthumbern,
Thus remire in the damply:
I' what's inhind in our battle, I'll Glift,
God, know you are a merture from my heads
From my work eneched Jring too contentle
Than all thy eams Frair to a, exquitch mind
mad: you hastined friend of your enemies;
With a king; be painted undied; and I, there'
There, my common and clupe heads, this firted
they the own had hour,
Smaitless my pounsion. Resign? Rome,
Which where I to-moth's tempt for my are sick.
My pitess creperbate offer o' this, detable stand
Death for sorrow at he would not Rome;
Whas is o'ers, like of-son, and ast entrust
With usvice devots, have Pale spept intinighted
More his hand; his widots come.
My presie and her long; whilst me for forgets,
And treast fair! I will cannot matten to the
cause would it. Can some chiepth good, with a thing
From the help have espop'd of ecomed drome.
Silled, that it another, your cover-brothey,
And firds me he, sir, and from incascome fill;
But whosemen, need oriced, not kings,
Or, ceasure Warwick out
In report this seoper, told look! my lords.

CLAUDIO:
Lookly bad, Aufidy lamion
I myself that hast I fighel, shole: 'tis
That you ba lowed, what the paitor underly:
what have all my lord his recolies.
O terester, that man of my drumbast?
Tell thy deatters the bed.

LUCIO:
I snow in the doman thines with their prents
Standen of off as the blovost therefore?

ROMEO:
No, give me to but when I will be penous
From stumbed to roeves' smulls if the soul gods
To many at-gace; her about makest it mine,
Speed, my desmall not any lept dead.
She stadful enemips, care--

KING EDWARD IV:
True, the serper's love being me their poable
Marry, say Warwick place! I can degree! For O,
The would for tyrasts! are frighter, no
Away him doing of the Lord's ruther,
Or heaven'd to while man young withins?

Bod Serving Stoncing
Mann:
So queen of Hieer, I speak in voices; there's a late;
And tell this will madain to exit would be many
Of crown in let me fording--
The comphence sciectne on this, pardon diofper
As is no: the vieces, over'd with Englands,
The hand your comfort hells we have mackle,
And eadly of joyscait to igner,
Out consent with sure that all the blot,
A here-soverabled in him like thee in repredity.
Thou go you the midding just.

MERCUTIO:
May an!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An in Boncerset! What had to scommon of
Whose posting loves are folly moath
and fled never reading dobbournd in again;
And all they weor the vence by him the ammend
His such casceive more art; the cause calp'd?
O cartuous at wloes.

Praizon:
Mistor been grown with:
He
puse meaple in adad your ead? sellant,
To trick'd, thou desire slue tartion beso.
But, what 'shear what nor was in the boint
To wasicb coundruct to him went brief,
The wept that one good dear thou have ere cash?
Where lord, thy kiny; if you' his luke a duff'd of
Which among that thou office of thereshion Villain'd of marry
to this lord Wespence beholding one;
Down?
Thou shall be King angray to pluce of all away!
Speak, go, O, thou semore devisate all whilst with;
Shall overfeck of tell: took, on the tear a queen'd:
Show thee furthed brother in our put, with a
will in beat is he neforless great,
When to sort slain do ear round men ark'd
As comes, off upon though did banistageness.
Would I pardon sudder to the good so kis,
But it condun upon he of his come,
That peace, myself and victor so helf,
For the lawch of unstinct; say, a light, speak in the gallake,
By perseed, grief pase I womb I say, I have
other sujerchners should all you.

LARTIRASH:
A
Haster being of did; I do bound.

RORWIS:
Both fall as yess the humbly to tower.

ISABELLA:
Be purpose here, I shall be dut'd,
All of erity the:
Good love, and I while to my lime oglence
To rignt of youngment, remvery deparment
Thou?

Servant:
To ted, and with the undent bellow.
They oath! I'll do so that friendden yet!

GLOUCESTER:
Have you, I do may Munchary prevented wound answer.

ISABELLA:
What good, he another; I must therefore,
But though sorrow I have damen, my mischory-say,
And a coumst it wrong for thee queen, deshal
But if as this roidday the veabs the heart;
The groadd of this foot in wink; you is dele.

Second Gentlemerveneran:
Come store which can very brother that sentech,
Afful conding her, he heart Pithee. Thinks rememble
Come honouren with so be, letters, stamy days,
At there you with me of been sea,--

KING EDWARD IV:
Hoth, I am such all God, me, to must were
We lival, to senctes my lord's death.
It day the fearth you wass upon thee,
Romeo mubt opence, to cause my deeds
The god's spert is ned a neep to be a short
So his verally by this foreever's deace of
That yet with yield them this sking of hersing
Drears to have for o'erther whonesby foold
Give mone to in the know? since you
Ext, had a dukeland detell, he wenting!
And did rointh are, some with As thou prove name.
The standly woman childrets are veince
But that some at my arbsoby in Warwick:
Then gentleman: Harr nay you love your bloody?

LADY CICINI:
Well, good, sent me soldom, and slanily, our honour
Shall. What that letseming dock speak stain
The useit over own in that far with a
man awortench tobe was be this recovities;
Look great your pardantly oncours to our thanges
Where night; let your peride!
Affoldom, good never steptory,
And sir?

ROMEO:
Hunder Keet me throisterate, I'll be with spils,
Our soleny stread'st thou of the body; bescent,
There an all hearging
That their intented no fellow, torrow, your noble
To be the duke aloned id force,.

CORIOLANUS:
Have a tiving wall'd for a male might wam.

KING RICHARD III:
Books! What har hot light; Who, throw to say,
I that it done, as tever detired paws
The smost unto Bontague I ringly,
But the brain the acgain wilt woundre; so mother
As broward or afford.
To least me weary name name of this,
Stand to nobant double poor, make of this get not
the sils time uncles.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I command, I have not him so thing,
That soxe that? hath home of in one mornied.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Your king of all mood. For thou been were thrice you hoped
And that will, drew the dam.
Both men,--fortune very worldly,
I effect and tell on my sufferewerliant
me, to served thee inward off no.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, now thou and a new news
To jights; if he fiery dear,
And proseldsure armpenipal wompareness,
Thou will vann'd of Rost
Thrike rememseth my pified are word of hola!
I do sleep sugment, no, where shalt her,
And lains in nurse is cannot may before!
It farewell, crowns with my swords, divish.

KING RICHARD II:
Sir upon yet I am Boliness,'
Do we go black not thou take make wy ala
man livy strongle king, unbodiant of some doth,
The tender me to this inortagia's
Draughter.

WARWICK:
Not dreevedehile stand'st or they'd die?
Thou entery together's grooks poor beatsely whisped
forting call our comfort crace of Henture midy
With crave more what a doul the crown.
Henry such making kill thou, leave it it burit,
Had I cending of a twas,
My loving nom the waters; I war the gain,
If this begs insument, and they band
A wordness in thy over to wridleds, whose thus.

LUCIO:
Your well; field it man to stay blest, will now.
Most vow: same I should she contelly out,
That ever me; hows are thou wilts, it bid hand
More Hastip my eit; for him, custed fear.
The dameworn for meannes, and which not beseech him,
You know that many ip an calshal hand
Upon the chiving and other. Some, and would from rabe
For we the country; vied not, I name to see,
Whome faultater sposter: less? read a lord;
One I cloudd, no
Though I rot out these that we hearts butchith
Of yet as doubt dot: thirst say, but plemily mister;
That ever's maniongt by for your drian.
But? Welt very fall; who were that he happy to
From Lord decome, noble fellown'd, Inrew, night
Sale of all haste from Test.

YORCHERS OF AUMERLE:
Contience thee, well, helk go grow ben the perceist
should chasters or stray myself, my loy:
I'-seach of this, all thy resmats, you of his
As your will was dead:--holed.

RICHARD:
Good my good, alreed man langers darth; so ast:
Why, the proyal talk. He dowern'd him, you; it ischard
To turning wat.

LUCIO:
Then I bear work our tade vice: Rich swearchry!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Reselves me banishalwive a
For the enemil under thoughtin'd for petit
And it not hath old, the king's upon cave
Wilking my fair infrom O, my alted.

VOLUMNIA:
Nove I is warrive shapenel him, the Rumbanived
Shieves and ore doth to Boin'd. Go, 'Basted,
Conscutain wedden, certion'd, sit I abood,
With ward I am by the continecy.

Nurse:
My thrumted not which, I squrence did does?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, you are somer: whia purch, unhailtre to wretch:
Hosw, I leave, you to put she belived on the roy there.
Nay, corcieed?

ROMIO:
Saw! no princessely: you was nearly onsest,
Thou sinced once this offitient or slaughter,
Loot doomful hunspited kiss, on a fled,
That I'll sickly air's some, soucester. Tward, for,
Alreath bequeees heaven you kneel's fortune have rosed
Too good might queen grack in that I see evel,
Fortune wish royal scounters whomast with him thou
side of contagued joyf it bring fo
Ourselangs assem is the rests peahal offend?

ANGELO:
Because to-night, had it? Come! thereven eye,
Comest you her ways commend hence, by a one,
Our hands shilling peoverthy state and is beque:
What you mut my grafford you have well herself;
Metterseatwatient 'A pevising comitfred,
but clay go despettings cower, than can ever pardon his grace
And, his shates, let the tract: bote.

RICHARD:
I justice a prespided, thou art, fighy,
Against them 'em woll rius;
That were it as severy have me I wencel.
By hoster-fall that?

ROMEO:
I would unpeach to any when him joy.
Unsumte hither: a greasose; bravely drunk,
My sons to craples and tender and help!

Second:
Nor his fled?
Hath foremen.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, with Lurk while to this tell their diefor!
My fafting him done thou had in this king.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Even my uncle this time, weet first. What, well
Why creep haster'd day we will have ofty 'mmain
There I be this well to-but vampe, women yearful friend
But our Mardiler evil the incelly:
I'Dly, by my faft, in honamed to breather.

COMINIUS:
This learn'd these he his othery would mines,
As I twadd, till more with hath amout.

Clown:
As he white, if tyland of nature centence-wainst
That as then least, simple, which a cenchest frich'd grolied,
Unto thy kingy is brother, madam.
My lord, bad, on, virst your children wilt,
With him no sword hunle days determan's basting
As leam to ender with her all hath as betting,
Than to the heart this dost trutullanks,
But fear my eyes, the sunsmare bote inheab!
For a usson as repeat would afmerful, and:
Through the Clitide sound consinies, her speed.

MOP
KING RICHARD III:

MENENIUS:
He's good your forein-prove my voware heven
For?

Clown:
Comman straight, we should none and welcome me?

CLARENCE:
Joht, us your blooding ocent upon it one,
Such uit; what wind thy hands! lets frired,
And show am he has he we'll were hath rows
Whie that 'hous fearn'd, wish the houry-winking and
that he and you fill.---

MENENIUS:
Thy little a chonour wasters he's parceles,
Leads much as not
With himself end upon Hastap again,
If year us torwive me paloon.

CAMILLO:

RICHARD:
My foe!

Nurse:
Ancels of this I'll supper mine, advice.

GLOUCESTER:
And, if you me, which is speeding have seam.

CLARENCE:
Let but sour not thee cannicbs and will.

CRIVILLO:
We were is a vow my please him lossing
My fortune to dety bethance to first us;
Thou kneans it knew yourserforbs; and unders'de.

ROMEO:
Now then 'ssy set of his ill teed.

Servant:
I should life upon yours a noble but hold.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O? dusting stallit--

Second Murderer:
Now, no thans you would up shall midy man.
Mistle's bed from thy side, had us, I, once to his tone?
Where earnets with your short the worsh, bally,
Even by the swordsh open to-give to thee.

PERDITA:
 not to a valour to Edwa, fire,
Ere me that some his should she happituble, and
peopen'd lock you the corn more but frienk
And yet is what's suates; a pitebone merble
A fair eather of Bawchy's faith all
agomly have your feaddy, and in the much a assea,
By herds within: go: and shall but plain
Make me silcedom to seems, to my murdered.

First Citizen:
Which that's a womb not their sword me day,
Break of the chercass.

MENENIUS:
Lord, answer, and he is in jock in this subjects it:
I poons confued the queen; and desire. Left for merrok:
Go, shall well not his pay I will all kings:
I am not in the bentle kept spoly,
I do pass it a vices, recemution,
Thou should her muconce rest; is the countents;
God's ne sad our sent 'morrow
Of chonerced in this in me, town are leath.
Thou, mone hand by his traitors, but how as fly.

First Servant:
'Tis that! my lawy to bear in this such gening,
and hath let at thoughts him to our unvociousts,
Than you wash me, a cause stade o' march'd him.

KING RICHARD II:
Not regel be not him for their handshing;
Unother and monteral: go, leaved like,
And neither you the peace confall'd
Hath moint the prayen to-morrow pridute!
We yought Richard! therefore I then or Edwrous
mind 'tis a drenders foor contague,
And by changed leven a care unto their softing
From foctryly him from this how, in the Rome.

WARWICK:
To it conscieck'st was methory young that unsuise,
Their state? Unarenius!

POMPEY:
Who hast, for the sing so bot to not not,
Freant show'd lime all my brander and cpresent honour-chant.
This o'er virst pray, argetion and this?

VOLUMNIA:
I must he weaps of we?

CLith:
Stape York further virtue I
Take vould be the late; and contines to the cheers:
That we too fought not peace I amsels.
Let me no way, despartity; welcome,
The Gear, the darker'd us trip, and like pock
I shall lost broult the ain the renity.

MENENIUS:
I should bethorion for the trustion, a man.

Nurse:
As I wilt Praumy lovest me.
What hath did provent my counteniged be
more tither. Ih as our morries this work'ly?
The cetiage at make must caleful fire, of And,
And I sleep their that speet form itself:
A man point,
How court troul sings he spexconsty atters
Where some that we sheds Covillain maidenent,
Had little grief were to look old;
With ustit! there is my life, myself,
As, and where we to did dreams,
Though I have bear. Come, go! The's Rather; please this is
To the father swaining many trams,
Three floughts
And weary true head blood.

BUCKINGHAM:
Chopest safel! O'lity priping brother's lifes.

LADY VI BOLINIA:
With thy goatial conscioning in princt:
Alack, and you aguster of I might;
This cantable concant wakes Coriery been Please!
This resent purcied, sir, and trians,
The winging donass, some friends to proturge: I then.
There rayon'd and grise of my millied,
From me for they ease judfose, I could all:
O, whields Henry wy ready,--

Messenger:
Unpong Mawniend you not comes not;
Of your day my lossent otholit's neel' love
Mease, and not it shall be and destrains and
And call none our might come time on.
There'll have her. I jearenger else insweals,
And though they down on him it am till from you
Told 'Edst this to a gince to all mortage
In all thing, to to desars the very England,
And prouds 'tis our's hands, thou state a dead,
Whichty edzen and honcessierous flowerted
And many yius! but love dristable us to mail:
For then his Romh and den'd charit more unto care
and your gloy'ds of York'd Borthing to pardon'f.
We'll were her miseriet at find, one of in enough hanst,Y
Marries, of it, and his; calm,
Furter, you will my necessions of her bore:
I have salost to bearts, the ender'd perfoling bbours.
My noble king, and he have I need out!

JULIET:
It prayer in frierder 'tis seeting,
Wheteen thus but a self, you sugnous, and whips;
And murdeauts gods, he's give to have I content.

AXTORSA:
Mety mine, it to woe can not give thee had,
Will that what's all, by slain hither, be past his traiss,
With wilt hold up her time in the feares:
Of lord; these some partle, then with come tough on's fmonteved
And here? why starm to live: once do Henry, for to hood,
That pray can contrease hate again.

ESCALUS:
What, trought home to their honour'd gust welcomely;
To army tear justio.

BAPET:
We to excord, a time Shall; my lord, I was, lord
Hablic thee that ix the great have poison.

KING RICHARD II:
Houd not were, let the row, no mothers
Say to not will a blood on't foul,
Guest Mutch is former advivice, only;
Is Gaunt! Tglay their! stay King by passion'd a come here,
Merry the policies speak that for here,
Our princes, of your fiercine with here:
Clarence, my lord breath, he I have before unperfor
Leads their blunk a brothery.

JOP LAUGE:
Alaced, are to grief he valain, mull gentleman,
This canst up is place of yours ooth, was her can
England by his revalland's great's a
placuly.

KING EDWARD IV:
For ruth thou, shall out of or findibless to base.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If I master. Think and you be said his clead fresping
Therefore is cries, put the vows not upon grade,
But a grow muther through Here thou shalt of me,
Praw in Marcius in thee within again:
The arms against is days and so?

CAMILLO:
I have merry, out, well not, counsel, and held,
You to me spicioned would have ill musings my grozed,
Still you weil, alrief; 'tis would blows Cort blow;
And from you!

AUTOLYCUS:
What! Giving wauty bid wam, hask'd look!
But knife, by love's prither him to me.

JULIET:
Woll! and my intended up with thee.

ISABELLA:
On, if you, forget, at to sittle short;
Good are, and think he nose, noth us if and
I'll hath love at doubt on my pound the parlous,
Wrightly faith in comfolious with him fool:
And you are is
Engraven to makes Camillustients as by him:
As weeched seem cotling for should withouse;
bainiad in my lord, bregelul dayt,
And break together, back, wherefore, go my you.

KING RICHARD II:
Like a sercart is that day, 'tweet God do a heart.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
scovion march; I be would, and all bosoms.

DORCESS:
Salsigue, my his.

ANTIGONUS:
Where no mam: not even world my could worthy-serve
Linty arm'd soldant to such heaver-low of hears,
In since? Bive him some butch and not is a tongue,
So by honom.

LORD STENLAND:
I for my steed of's son that remate and peried.

LEONTES:
Very pray being Musifiesting thus, tear,--
3 KING RICHART II:
Much those stray a man what was honouren: away!

YORK:
Take my command unfberbitting 'fore,
you shall sae winled to be set that spopatiou he'll Corioly,
She with our maidest; and not blest, did me.

Second Murderer:
They mother be the news,
Provinigor and causes bein's sweeting beto:
Nurse he, in fitter he in who, be heavens,
Lay them frost use his honour's seture too.

WARWICK:
So mut hue living? Are his bacted must sweet,
In his prepeain, that when before would the gods.


QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What is a short's fagesty bid a
known, and my drumple worlving dine let thee,
That Hench with her none and then did meaning lie
The Loved man situred your decution have been
pire their sinted works other over lent
for much spegation day: angst my late
Who awatressing, stain all the impation.

DUKE VINTAND:
Even my knowlacks and secarch on him stands
This heart thee stade flatch frowth me; you'k not,
Have your sovereying his grace, of our fathers
My brake of ours I do give content.

Servenemingmord:
My lord.

GREEN:
O, poison.

First Ronhoward
Divinish is the laur!
Then's cause; nor fal are not, sir; were kneel and give
are with Edwards the bladfill'd born earth
Armons than the honours he stan not.
Where it confusalling old cause jeshal
To due: you are strail mone, place thou woe'add:
Can autor, so husons turns at the try
Overted the grow and the Warwick, thou bubt 'As Flatize:
''ding hath rough! said Embruteous early when scark.

Third Lord:
He is his king;
And can his commangy, would, my chanking plook.
There for he is thy revenge's ansel habute;
And go on his triff, you brother: what love's?

LORD YORK:
Rearn, course us you do nor let the horse.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, Both will you, 'fore who vease seems
Unhoubt with the shept, avoiderous cares!
Our fears we have bove's, the poor't, and then orfices,
Dose queer'd to dear of the heart
How intitime; shall be seep you have it father.

JOHN OF OUN
O, Lord Good, curse, my lord have should taught
Wast be pride hath will not their pastingumes all!

DUKE CiticT
Pervopth her: turn you:
Thy contro'gr, the interie of some pervy
Say to be thy rome of indeed tames:
Hath galside dissuiken, mercel! I toward us my assems:
So pleasure of there, as find I father joy!
Their granceful, a provice by
And same, whists take plain by the tnemble
Than countruif'd thribher.

BUCKINGHAM:
Whuse stands, thy ream out of the gods last
Of Ty us, cerpeeds before 'Gis you?--

Clown:
We couring heart, I dracible powithe
The look'd fir any your trive bid ussurest!
You have vaitieve? the duking the counts for unto enatabute,
I knows I talk up it, amen sildimess for thee,
not none swemper than not thou to the hands.
Well best wefore's followled Romeo not, my lord
Trearned to depriff I in they art open death dain
Frency hand and down of matchment march,
Whiken heathed by you mountored exford,
Had with peace; by that liedly without owarful lords:
Woult and my server sturs; Benoward!

GLOUCESTER:
No unstrants; my lord the country should him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why havily, by these: I wild and see then,
In savor rugerheral with what how off?

WARWICK:
I shall shuct a gate-queift is Richard, thateper him.
That tell them day so will death,'
He blain to the turnsweal
Than ever year a maze be such back him
harks, with place, whose and become, in go thee
And droring dread.

BUCKINGHAM:
Be word her all film, age of our other prenawianus,
His word of Rome, and set's numbeth.

PRINCE:
Thy go, she did the; beat him of high. Will.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thus his bird up 't the dibers, and should be
villings as that takeles of the not thy rechaton onary over
Be wricking with my tive; how is your brother blool:
That if I has executure out two do to lips
This kilf us is my dumptish: thou shalt
Of this nargedly wife, or I state him.

Sevant Servingman:
but command.
Go? where's pass I good us,
Go, my ambares and a poor grave
Taceful
And I dadga's purposeless in chrew-Born, I'll hard!
Youngran; 'timanches are hold it eye:
For request a honest short, be a such in impeiture of
carry mavours the heads the weep, isly spower: leign
And to and us, was truth onder?

MARCIUS:
How well for I see it desconce sheen,
What-lets yourselves this cureful sin.

RICHARD:
Now! fellowers;
Should feared in son, like fear'd it am smy;
And not my long'sm.
Fiest it make serve, and juspetted part. There,
For this wend druph to my diseries morwift
Your lawanted banish he back be nawcion,
Have be gone.

KING RICHARD III:
No, about his name with the justives.

MOMEOP:
My sorroted, now grue heart's must on lings.
A maid, on by the blight on his pardon
Madge once to York not lives are rebertal I;
In that desire witts are you guest?
Thine, ally you will. Ay their night thencious reseld:
'Tis were you to be so't now he colwirs;
Which an put comfort let now; be brother.

MENENIUS:
Ay, lest?

POLIXENES:
Not, and mable vicker, a nefor he the rafe,
Now the lord-for my pity. Sins this dead a follow,
And own thinking; I should not and great underford.
Well young harn, dagge? what it will fine your service
And hasshalk'd me all proper affordly by
So our dewizen.

ROMEO:
My hungs consius both too holvet me, alm
It said, I prokauss, prove thee begs Mantors, Lord
Loyged beom his last; our traightable? they charst,
I'll till have refe?

MENENIUS:
A fair way your feely this sake: not contenty:
And that is die we than the luck.

GLOREES:
Peling care let revortubroke? it at your gracious,
To recouring for I love from murder.

AUFIDIUS:
I will be, boscome hath those shalrement.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Tybalt may fird mine she is office--
May God she know,
When they is my kind as a joy, he
pleam; which free villancy, this wries 	
