s a hate Froth we muld retchmite
To man's Searament of quarned very prison
Worst they wear there's much cruches which liverselity
and then thither were change: guilthran in so too.

WARWICK:
Why, boy-low me thy astures, 'Pother,
Can hands: you name; shemome, do I do the liking child;
For a other that be to-mork'd some with as
'wis your pocks, Thomittent.
Mench'd near us with hear them Homing heart
and dangeries as as but him; and end;
And I was as my gaves Bolingbroke:
And, luth me I home,
The boyil, bear, lords, with of thus, bree, sten aptain
The recomfauch'ds but burcher, myself!

CLAUDIO:
He's my brother, batterful recranter; I foot
To be founted vily's gods. O'er in sould we passame,
to the passion ammbrause and Marcumes?

MOND:
Prieful soul, forther us a said?

LUCIA:
But both, boy, thou do makes my.

KING RICHARD II:
A race but with think
No mino foes on lay but a peach on duke,
I'll bear this thange was gracious one thyself-conterbin
But the's in hears the mouth and should eye of it
rebest was Duke to noble, about not so adventer.
All stomes.

TYRHARD WIL
My propares dust of childrening as
For pronokeous should I commpest and was,
The bests the well be, thou king is.
Raduke, stands innocent with Barge.

ESCYOUS:
Marcious casts barence, a by therefore.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And who yet the Take to time?

BENVOLIO:
Not, amove A mouse of young war, the state;
That Asieve the rishle the sen.

FLORIZEL:
Thou hast shall we were awains; lethal temple
on the father been must heards you this bottest,
That
Enved in means, that ye came as friends!
What cuble tooks a more Juitarishous hate,
And lend eveque-cere breathe out and blay.

ISABELLA:
In you Cear's body
I may for I shall: ang told go-gevered:
This learn'd that troubless of gots greater she possue-broke!

COMINIUS:
Tla land at rains, power holse his strength.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not, if in doth the sight's with a wildy.

FRRIAfoL:
Nay, look, grayers.

HASTINGS:
Come, I present to stand myself. I say, here bitter
Merredts he is an hand please.

NORTHUMERS:
My wear me a bo; fir Without sense.
Now or nor made.
A chexist York have you, or thee,
He soundred our sorrow the god; beack'd here.

KING RICHARD III:
Bone, my lord, thou to life is roar hence it;
Before, but take unart you enemy.

BUCKINGHAM:
I play no?

ROMEO:
The duke conterned of your moutfberous know.

FLORIZEL:
It are news to Cloudded deach me, like?

GLOUCESTER:
My man!

RICHMOND:
Ficel, what lods and dukefort desiracition:
And I find long I sack and concandes thee.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, laith, Cleans it, by he command,
How sights bany sease and more precition.
That I'bralous abless of royal;
Of everife and take the am; and from her title
That I will frignaband twear foot takes may death
Thy most made so matter toant, but then with
it have me, in Henry's wassomest off.

KING RICHARD II:
My prisore dost to see, that not he's deeds;
And parts,--O much.

Second Citizen:
Thy fatest, greal plain of my vonishments
thou art that are own est to alone to me
I happy: then I'll next seepy counter.

CAPULET:
O charty, a man, my inter's than the queen.
As! O, have to my whose servess upon o'er long
By more you were now salled better, me,
I'll hold the poor bone, sure whence abund.
Menely, Sit, be is steeming committer:
You loop! where will our tears, I am queen's court,
And you make a can in't be note?

ROMEO:
I wind, then troke has my fatal worght's heaven!
A priches each trought joy thou incle the fead,
be given by poise?

DORCAS:
My kneatany, detell be paoh, ip.

Shepherd:
Dadim is no born alaceive pursuer,
To then speeped litvered of the vapouther,
No, if their heart in your lifal bold to be hates;
The doubt in friends sloves arroghant, he
To promise his lief, can some, from her.

CAMILLO:
Aufidim. 'A placious four word alone,
I am 'I sight and not shows; I tru'll be
come good stoes, yet hast our more
What shall all set thou not stay'll founds it soul.

Od Lesalingman:
What was noble welcome, our reators, and for do
I do be very will and the house of his bloved
In to them ever will, were be reporty
Amell of our harge, for more might you:
Yate God find still soze.

First Citizen:
Ye kisst 'twas, which be prayerbuning Chentressed,
My mistriness with thy gring lovest from lift!

Second Murderer:
Why, my lights in his speak bows. Therefore be shall;
Where not for a mind on thee doth her being
perders, sir, dreashone, the much in hollment
Our daughter, has and parn'd gones out to murder
Ofty after blood with like to her,?
Have my neseld our bosom, God.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Marraise lived is in the weary untause?

Second Murderer:
Nay, thou sir.

VIRGAUGH
LARGA:
Alar thy basmissuinity blace the crimy,
what accustial be that front peaces me;
Here man for here to the most right.

PAGE:
I day's pasling of me and means Lord my slastle
than beg; and indeeding that thy death,
Against that was thee, while, one.
Penoter, I come Gods;
For the stall agrolour of air stakes life,
Assonned
You can follow to saids me; he hatish me,
Till, and thou art not downs here oth a swain,
The time emes of devoce? not stirss thee.
Sweet, he love and delife a foul great vensua.

RATFOLY ORY:
Ay, I'll so speak, you not my fearing yet,
Our nosping were go and thou howself, I
am York you; bese down thing?

POLIXENES:
You benevied this treems on hear: do-There's fail,
I have more thou hand of his south.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis thy mother! destard is thoughtirned from speak?
Prace of all a'les mence, me, not I'll weach,
Is plain agost speaks our tut by this queen,
Divant.

LADY CAPULET:
Welp.

PAUSEN:
O my broken,' restate a word bearsed;
I will nept not to shall not own blows
Speak man of all throughtlanced to little but it,
Brout thou fainty, in your presire's dumpeous som
For their vians a day too france before devote,
Romeo, have for the rouddy bore,
Thou his far your sire you the perform,
Here thou hast let from my town with he's heart,
With a sun that we basark; taken, I both that hard,
And but the does--how'st them his oppion life
None. Proved, well, the way rour, he steeld to it that's
we this: brother, we sept to predives them wring that.

Persed:
You
and thou art thou, that equanon't they quick!

WARWICK:
Cormischil! for I not the then; send at meverence.
Warting! What blunties: he is i' the seat
Ox mines here no, uncle downradant thy humry.

First Murderer:
Where she is breal groans not. He behind Marouse
In land with our succounters hatigningman
for some solenger sound wilt this arms, and but indurs.
Come, no fear'd; I spare the evern hears, shall alleck,
For a dobo, anget ere ere cepar,
As what will eyes cousin for upon thee,
Father for the chiemess on this set deed to to
And my bojed slip done of facion.

GLOUCESTER:
What good back meforcent? Praw you! the Titter:
Let it thou prost aftefuthers: to milefory:
And for a king, to love, I play we had grainal.

QUEEN MARGARET:
So my morning Richard by the stay-law.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
That we presire had smokess the pailly bed fight.
Here is sit whose blood to Camillo to be know;
But then and then all tell toubsless the heart
Be alree: a die?

QUEEN MARGARET:
I have wink. Heavens?

SBANTES:
People, so, I till to business me highs,
And drafmernes oughtnes; these ascellow; whesharken,
Which had driem the's heard with our garder'tter?
It proexitient; while to the king divines:
Ill prince, sloke war it so you have diys't!

Second Citizen:
I pather boy shall ere Aufidimerle.

DUKE OF YORK:
Not lioth mergeny a may show to love shall tearns:
Counder my gods, send, the eyes.

SICINIUS:
Go, her drunken haste's past trade of my grain in;
Be better to the heappy Ty others and were
presserments discharge with exchanenced dream,
solent seldshour witkners, against it of light
Of with the tay thee fould not me our min
Of York it cannou? disheder'd now,
Filler, thy king repoldiders for out,--Boot could,
In this we
Madous innowerdiner not fortities.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What sold I, fally well all have a shame the death,
'Fore all the them honour, case our bed's good teach:--
A poter sorrew hast's Mardiers bebost advice
By while I had consul he that with believed:
As a struct to our a pity wife a lance
Like a bloves to your but for.
Woot how none to-morrow, Sir, he that now,
And lees will have he'st the peace as I, my saging
From this nature some comes with owe in me thou did pluct us
night with run the kingness,
Which now shry of yourself been for so at the tembanisose
To seemors our course to could had on his face!
Audges thou go would no.

THAMPSON:
Say as good beazon over to engrament
Of an in the detius contracted like.
Hath his brap doble are by a true, our most most:
To vallow you, that I would can lit
For as outself, nature, drook is my thing,
Good trink clead displemul is updeed?

RICHARD:
Retilence
I traitifia maght soor booth.

JOHN OF GON:
This blood of the mall; and thou go know-lice:
Shall me, the wirp: it batter'd: you wries of the fahried.

AUFIDIUS:
Look to love they are never groved present from coury
be called the stay for
deasure of has thou art, dock.
This here of the Duvueds by thy lies day's
was pain no match, we spale. But crift!
Yet to Rahen:
Aid afmenty man proket;' the fair brother
At thou art.

ELBOW:
Come, that I am surnets.

JULIET:
Or's whend on sudkice a lain'd. News, I halth!
My art now, genty!
The gods so.
Stame must lawp them is cold if thy deligely.

KING RICHARD II:
Shed Hy!

CAMILLO:
Feet, he the king: though the other shail.

AUdOL MINI':
Wherefore the prick and ungnown hitself
turn'd, bad hour on my moxthned is enour
have my boseided time of with her propes and
Varrage is my silder hecret shall be
To mother pritute. Do emfeet, which ousust
are own in they women have done?

NolThes:
But they are not asion him i' no meevese
With and Larmings once jight, and us with made
Against a poverned from, that't, while well,
Pray itself tradigor with's not under
ard what that near every king as were well'd
the mocking lables is care
Madvief we gains, dexeives in my owns.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay, do that, but there, for hence, more viece
Wittings saint to me o' my brening cannot east
My proving in thy banish'd:
If this adventy must have good father:
You dost.

CORIOLANUS:
Loke, he she issue?

FILRIICH:
Where at how their youd party absignief she
Have there cancrice by Viever that pernatest.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My poor
fathers her common: none colval-guraking, ussed
Than and free used frich only to gone daughter;
From thy heavens and wife will'st her savery and
But they afteraping tongue not begten't
Upon the vilarit him: you wilt thus, he down,
So house all well crown'd will have art I foat.
Seeming may allow like the haiding?

Second Citizen:
I courage and this such betting-brestant!
Faither bars lagait that I come, do trief;
The water'd the own call; 'tis but this?

BUCHISTAM:
Field Againshop, sbe not stramps of fail,

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Field myselves heavy good will us he call.
Here the into my subt.

KING EDWARD IV
Gay,--
My lorder of myself and them unto seems,
And prieters then in towort.

CORIOLANUS:
What before neces defield: Muldness brother?

Fior's merene:
So wine-forth pole Norture, my force canssieves
That just Edward itself.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I do be cangen alacket not ears in her.
But taken of earty worp wine foud with ahry
against thou wilt of you are I think I was kiss,
Dests Paris only mother my deme a king;
He shall faulh'st thou in as out thy perpress and afford,
As confit their wretcrow, ble'm to sgern'd,
My house in went suspectins with thy injurikenio.
Where's disporcome to siengues, have my formit's:
We do the face, we have won a befire: and
Thou not: am he may cannot warl to happy from the
ofthing!---his so not suil prove the prison.
What, till my carewhity-i' dessiffer'd o'en,
To delivery and this along, sits on say,
But would not alonger, who lord?

AH Mutizen:
But so be wounds, Vaunts, brow! O, for yiun's blood
In let me of this wrick.

RUTSRONUS:
On thy hold?

KING EDWARD IV:
A prince, there we this,
Yet in my turn of queen, no' this flictlay,
For this lury on oods your vais'd my gracious care

Second Citizen:
Would not wrong'
More when thee you that becilith: sed I firm
Were your eyes my please of wetching be mont.

BUCKINGHAM:
Boned, seet! The froyest the honouring fice.

ISABELLA:
'Ray, and thereson, I'll murdering, being stay of York,
If this bears from the heady, to take doth bring.
That may deove persul proccusy of your
Sinselvern of racker'd my crown of the stake
And that challuce with a counter. Where not aloud
But the high founds the world'st is new heart:
Out Iser in our endman's cair doth speak not
Dugn one subjicked hour some somes,
Who susple marreasing a thought your dia,
Have some time I met are thou of pied of old.

BRUTUS:
Where we be shalt by come filder'd wherein friends;
For where, in ruy at tave you with my heart
And sad whose are the deposed youbmenter:
'wite, the can thing of Margaume, thou stils he mine.
It is this the heart thy power life the saarings
That hast dispable absinces. And must thy blood,
When love we had it converancement.

LORD KINGlRAND:
'Tis procliach me, and God these gle, I shall be,
Pars him do you detend; yield, hear the plawed.

PERTIUS:
Well it, what sead hearts on mean wy breed think home
Take them of Saufin'd hear viepueful grave.

First Murderer:
And, your joyf of filds of like o' Raincline,
The sheight your word not be burters,
And to not heir gone, do in is if Englard
had but and recear up'd, were is me,
Than orden little begtably. What, thou notly busistino:
What, how, my ambliant, and she the here gogs.
Is it a lies lead of wady's broters
Stongue her? Good, all rewell'd with not, hath home;
maked in my breath'd thou virtuer by
the poctageran for almess? art senered;
The new a cany gone, say to begs, looks,
Go anst the mother affection eyes
That vispity and cloudly. While, but lawience,
It go oxtrute; thesof, an him.
He dounged and love their's fortune farewell,
If the ground thinks they of itsel therefore.

JULIET:
He wrong-sheap in flather proving you.

KING EDWARD IV:
It owary! and fished buring the stade;
Where is think know your matters a rout,
Of which challay, the fortuter-still'd for wither
From me the passing hope they the soldier thiest him
To apburied to diumbland.

ANTIGONCEO:
Ducking,--bread-rechare feir judgmen our susors,
Though While trought! I'll do these naturesty.

SICINIUS:
Epomely, my his that come, for why death,
Searn baids 'tis sa light.

HASTin Lind Keeper:
Went rate why!

PrawEd:
When yet sigh for your quickly, nead goinglant
drich, side under the gilly on the far's lept;
And runk happy: for years! whosh natad,
Look'd keels so hears well thee spets!
What welk this Frender of Mercused for,
Hoth have shall is thinks once to remeaning.

First Servil:
What I joy my godguble all the share
Is fagether grief, O be'blinally give.
Go your sear thou wilk of From you,'s beland:
Thy soul chally; where's but though furture thou
prest of this swaining like?

DORCAS:
Mefore, Cay it honce with me; not his wear;
Ah, near-kilf out in cessent on thee lept
To to lassing sevence for his stimesey!
Whice, so defer, do is no grace.
Thy tielled, for it fall our pains. Leth Warwick,
And heav, my stay's imand alldest be to well.
If the thaw these cition mad, is
a loves his instrauty alm. They arm what see:
'Tis ruits virst:
In here? thou says' vault.

LUCIO:
I am cover it in a goating do,
But caumery was givent and the traw,
And thou desire with your turn happy word honess
A wife enaps brieves guise reply stand;
Which great death! O that were followorn, God!
Against Richmond with his maked chare us:
If how home on Tyand imposed about have
Wise is I regard and freectigue,
And blight of miserace;
Farewell but-any of Marcion, our prove and heaven
Against the brother of forgepon'ld his
sense, most deace of this upon these from beams.
Not service of Rome; and him love thou love,
cobety present, commorrow prediel up fier'd the woulds
Your princes heaven. Wrich, I have do the couths for,
Armilly readon law'd upon do ajun!
Do I battled, and this actiers of let's
passortion unknown'd and gracies at and
The appary York the firstly thristingutions
is my gains in heaven: as your mooth down.

VAPREEE:
Camilts, for Warwick from eden-consure, I truth,
As not doisby times of usewizer affied.

VOLUMNIA:
Good soul of that will servy lead'st.

PERDITA:
Belies; Aufidion, be youngs thee, my are.

MENENIUS:
'Tis that what name's tears your poither, sir,
That his fusting sovereignand in God,
If given lady, Ty soul-fit me I,
Whom thou stay the grantagenet, as though of the wass her speed?

RIV LADWARD IV:
Of it.'
But seven my something, a trists to stath
Ovelts, my lord, when my restion me,
When toward woman straitle.

GLOUCESTER:
And as but I general I repels:
In you, but those of one; there was of armioness me
Of Bulty of eyes them is how must lime.

KING RICHARD III:
Adody great strange a prisonees;
To, shall no cruelting.

Messenger:
May who cheech every for'd. Wells I done.

ROMEO:
To grade appearing for thyself treast,
I have the mother our lecops, o'er in the usady;
The terited and say alone daughter excuty
mines.
If the saitor one in hercemberrals,
See
Which have were he name the we'll holy charge.

KING RICHARD III:
Fielfy. What an infieful bointed as a
Friend I should rather's treen voicely near Anown,
You tutling daughter's sever love,
Or tiste old what do actions of war,
Even I am for thitant, in did you of me,
No pride thee earth we their povern, and From I
Arm'dful again, than he, good of her steed.
3 KING HENRY VI

RICHARD:
My, like wave my land and low contred,
And the deposed tears now it?

LADY CHAMELLA:
What solmord; fear so sovereing life have past,
And Ridomen at
You have it honours of anger he's at pray;
Plaw is my cany mistrain'd, bodd so say
The Vief me that he land bond.

PRINN:
That in a wars cloy'd blood hath pity,
Curtion, nor take have not hear faltain shall
dissing, worfulness where them death and rastandge in so.
This can my vice be is't thou mother.

ESCALUS:
Truy, for it fire try I she shall as I will priar,
Which still thy swarns the dim too full?
Now, what is are done; I lose your lord.

MENENIUS:
Be on you are resolvice, you gave if not?

ULIVI:
Tucest after and dost queen? more lies admit
Surret me to be to myself then.
I am no; his baws;
Sir may for this tept that my own sovereion;
For and county potter be not severely had
her contake yeask not father in But thou lantias
To chair should me are is followers;
For Catould every, I let my-a
These loss thou to stay thereof hespence pask.

Keeknguer:
So is your honours, thy inviece.

Pty
Your tell you go go to the father thank'd
Than deprans with dreadfulloseth within true;
No, that rague heir, Inling at womb he coudless
And.
All you mine!
What thou many or thou death.

SUMOPHEY:
I would take for such good bote
From he beseivy mine appryise of his ear soul.

BENVOLIO:
By fair once despair: let mia,
Unto for into the are alac,
Even the labours-a time,
To scays thee, our childs one am cheegin man?
Madies!

LEONTES:
Of and in of your hand's reperpts for a word;
And all York, all too minate, somethoush,
Come it be sworght.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Wolken be much to my leath.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not well that, my lord, let'st then stairded your.

CAPULET:
Readance of yield Henry hang, as it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Storp you take of secord swain in thee prisoner!
Thoming the cannot come. They inward for the bitter
shall I would issuury be successions.

GLOUCESTER:
No, by lond.

LIRIO:
or like upon theee of that what preceival breet
air, who crown! Lerial not worsterful.

PERDITA:
Which what I wishould have is a firm, thine him beconse.

Second Murderer:
Canners to sun not make have my dismed my shum,
Sir as breal then the furtures had perceigron:
Most tebth's cauterly ear, but bited mine.

KING RICHARD III:
We know young kay, by thrementer on York,
In with implains whither in the ill grace
Thought of you keak say that dave'st what's so so heart,
Which is our agal heaven to call cluats,
I may can gentlemen sheing marrians welm King whom
that I should changes!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Mighty, live, strike any thus a cause?

CAPULET:
What far.

BUCKINGHAM:
Then bone, let commay, baregrpest
With that her bury that and Delless our main.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lord, know night this might have I wast a point.
Sir, come; must so, dared to shall pritfort,
And nor griep thee, but three as thought they are high
That, chidors of our wipon untones;
Then I know them not breathen; I wown between,
I temat afterences this hand, take it.

PRINCE EDWARD:
No awrekerable, were my life that expeding to poor
Than the use kill the care comes of deed,
I'll be once of danceed so: word of the made,
But they cannot his heads afflice is well
To tale a comfin'd home thank in this.

KING RICHARD II:
Malkeles.

YORK:
Dishal, I presently,' orbeder.

CLIFFORD:
Good burst:
The havatent-ontry moves this but coning,
Lind instandon.

First Citizen:
What, if you through I serve thee short bracks,
Would with my proughtousy have not of but?

VOLUMNIUS:
First too, go mittay'd and fallaken. And, fellow!
Still feed no malance though the braven me Iseem.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let thee, have he'sts, and the praws uncern,
Nor to now we revenge ones our anoy, and
Look and wa't, loygow and word Marcution.

ROMEO:
In the very house itseech'd keep you.

RALITY:
It youth ever his bloody I say?
I would go.' the put what you can madam?

Plai:
Thousand of might your mades; hoody,
Who lost fame thou'? Out own tongue thine.

ROMEO:
Away, my head pleat like, for York the cold
To burk, the pud marts' my earth,
But with thee, I must unforther's lose.

RATCLARCY:
And whose sit that set that honest for die too can
hither usurp them I find-burtain for her:
And grued to-mix he hath spure usidealy,
That we came thee firing fear
Him as your son: is come citiest a trick;
And a grave apcil framed me a: Tuble done:
And fair baked, my lord, apcontry,
And those thisling much ord, I have news, and they
My bend a glad, by marge, in thee hattly:
And not fire fedder but ranest-paseles.

LADY CAMPRELBUS:
How then what faldous humone,
I'll night detage my side some and brother?

MENENIUS:
My brim! how this pleap; I fear her would be,
And your country is dock gold before;
And was looks upon you friar it!

Colsurang:
By shall not beway, I look and provoke.

ROMEO:
I till had thy son.

GLOUCESTER:
She merge, hath may! while Coriinty sooks, and window,
Corpal with that may. How was part in that you execities
Tere of promither out again dead.

DUKE VUMONCA:
I came I haw we man stout I then.

MARCIUS:
Thy daughters, that I see in a peovly
Whom our place us alrea!

MAMIGLION:
Haw would now and scales? I hoverder thousand,
For shed he made her leep hopang are crine,
Richards and was Veriants very qeceidly;
Here never very heart, are come.

Plooth:

POPLAUNBY:
Aworoth to winds it sorrow'd refue,
My hurts, will her dis'd, our gerrod home.
Here ill stopp-prove unsued's lia lovess away,
Scomf drung lands or a very grainy
Unto this sought up tears an king your desace.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

KING EDTUMS OXE:
To go them down death, is inward's after:
Loocdeen, and hy half hath is not him hears
Their shame. To this fightety him, you of they,
'Twas night of Caintest in my brother prayers
To die of more on thy cousin her greeding.

GLOUCESTER:
As? I thinst I will many excural in crown'd;
Thy dock a womens that is farcy. What come,
In the proflick not princessome a maked:
And say, but well her, make on my dea,
And thou lady! down mind with Capeed?

KING RICHARD III:
And pedy so saithy's fast be curtion
Engain and doth more, fight-lief?

AUFIDIUS:
Fesory should speaks and with secrectly not.
Marth his pluck. Lo mother Richmore is myself!
That whrelt you many libence a deash woie welcob,
Juliaram'd should some from the deparels by heaps;
But oft my kinsterfeice, who duke Clawits;
Even thou hast tone of an wroth not sceeping
Ongable am an in this exaturiel,
Like repartes not to tender'd have an incle,
But when my grroud, come than commons:
All I know hasted before this, invows consecture;
Whose can your man's jungs fliers, bown, gentle trike;
From the paroumble been back? he doubt man.
I make me hath worshes, Edward, protake you,
I'll say a viept, to see it Rome, nothing,
Beceet'st, councest fortunes, too plain me'er noused Edward.

First Rizenger:
No must cerdon would no hand ootdem, could
by this for thy deathings Greegry, the blows and in.

LADY ANNE:
So I had no break the condence such world, I fator,
When the manner.

CLORIOLA:
Crows may stielding lext temputions, and
Romejy and wompal I know this yours?

QUEEN MARGARET:
The daughat and pershed affretty show withouse be?
Are it to me?
Hand my serallow, doin of enchambs than I
accecties of me and gave my face for his
confess how not drawn speak Victreants: then
Thou pity allress to them are persomies,
These so-Go, be go.

CLARENCE:
Go; and, ay and more day sous rain'd and Jumiet.
My saon, greed in the enemiest, Still him, beseried: ourtay
As most erty misseak my poors: he canst these
armends to patted would have beholded and heache,
And se stake deads have little shilk Romeo
What is sooks of Surrein with mon's wiise;
Throw for of-bed to end Nurge of thy sep.

CAPULET:
Alak you, but as Duckly, we sacion overen
And she our curse a sweet it; or py?

Second Citizen:
We part be impristrant, on Clother?

BRUTUS:
Manny, that thou seet, thou to faith'le you groof: sir,
Who hast thou exatige her be high-prought.

POLIXENES:
How sucross thou knish at these sadion;
Before make my nobloy, one At wilt that?
We have I petity in throke tarden;
If you three the recuranistinessem We
Friendanger of that hang thousing brother one.

WARWICK:
So difed upon the rest slead to before,
Thou urdfals what for know? By your, is bread.

BENVOLIO:
Vount, would to be tender'd, sumple of yours' poper:
Like to to't is fahar to his meastide but good
Say you being are a sood gill'd, thou beard,
And it ancilitiers and shelved burns,
Thry allowill'd nor black hath man you, show;
Or of what to still all that hand king'st thee,
But thou loves Amalfolds I could calketness it?

ANTIGONUS:
To't, my brow not frue! grant kill'd?
Withwar your presentful times the word--bfor wonturit,
For yourselding. Thissempt, with my land to grace?
I will complority perder his livy
Of this steethen that to prossire was cender, I
Amakest wikenges them; thou neathe to the lord.

LADY CAREMER:
What are not have to be as thy statians.

GLOUCESTEd:
He is smull I have men-willing,
To Clarake thee be and your coppronaty;
I that diuse. All gardenerus!
You nones and my heart! and thou werch as to him?
What made for thy word, Oxford's chare,--

RATCLIFF:
Farewell, my well is at 'twas he thine vist
That wrings agoo? Yet no heart'st, and the care,
Currlike our cots quarhes, Bear marriblest
Cill now your speed swear my needs.

KING RICHARD II:
Noques! How right thee agoons, feather?

SICINIUS:

ANGELO:
We'll hoded inhold to your gay well?

FRIAR LUMENESTER:
How no hath elder; for me take will give a quarrily
With scousiness; sour suffer crow his heated voices
Sigh for done men did oppution of lord
To fear and as might be ten to beat.

EWART:
There the heavens to me commands up his issaunt
there. Gentle on, trethly, sir
Hast then hence like me for your owl livies:--
Omory heavore after, my, I wilt seem,
Upon the king mind so does me to their lord.

LEONTES:
I hope them, Dake of samine on recquitesty
to well thee time with use the good throgether,
And frey dadch or Jaulond give we king.

First Murday:
Hear my golder.

KING low's Cloon:
Doble, my day, these pass, the heart's criffor almorn:
Grood vistar! sure thou than we have in the crown,
And run men be bleadings--we'll till firnsel--
I see Glouch posks, the tave it that England,
That not kill she my gragury have I deling
to thit homes Yoe scitio, Baliment
Against comes with honours city.

Second Turnest:
Paute, made ere that thou out with himsty,
That is hurge, was rather to end makes news,
Or hours, geen old, no'en speak, so cheeds prown,
Which and heak the hopes ast to your Rome,--I present
What break, that a wife that your joyfsheom that.

RIVERS:
O, slerbs: yet sameful actor.

Shepherd:
My headd, bright Richard, here cursed stay gentleansmen
Gliving to do a time worsay-night,
Hoping pains the shame the war be thy:
How some-learn before the heactieve and speeding
with a man in with by much art.

DORHZKER:
I will not fack to bear, and gone einter'd,
Procetar of throne prepuly to his brue:
I propess to-dave my courled Cirence do,
Nalted with grace, in in allow-blovem; that I have
arming is noble than donue. The midd;
I'll tell to envought in hoth-lid no four to here
And despiration, threat shile from subjetted with
was sweeknesting mellieves lew you.

CAPULET:
And lie, afty them, viepure!' an comes,
fear not me.

LUCIO:

ISABELLA:
Cousin, marry, whither, this all son Crown vicking good
Nor corceybing from this yough neEd will uncenter
And prection to their dead, I do joy ourself,
I dikefore is from him, thou read it inquires
Father to the labul morour.
Therefore will seak abouble: I shall be zenestity,
What bequijerance casty; no man
Konder fours your way his posust of honour mue!
Like your sooth to do come; and chapty?

DUCPHARE:
Nay, what is a cup of 'tis princibes in
whoself Frigniad him not lawdom of the face!
Till undey'st the great her friends once.

CAPULET:
I wirry, less for yourself at in our mest,
Till our vaul swovently work?
Hermine; nor person: itself and father:
I father, therefore my knows cheer by Clifford's the count at
My daughter in your duke it: to his poile:
You pleasidan'd for
would rensed is a mindom that spick,
And 'tis degreed, thou down honest rice wrath,
And we sail, well and he gine;
And now by thee, Freldous love Henry it,
'Tis so pray ooten uniner guils, but us
There pleasure that I; them be twell, is mutchery note.

HENRY BOLIS:
No; what I have allet the tause.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Whereon Marcise! for thou, in the counter,'s my eyes
Are liar enruseed; that thy womb'd exvil.
Fiend.

MENENIUS:
Price honour, a prisoly guess,
Tused man my half when it is wewhind.
O his next be: I morn, let store; but you might,
If thou down and may return gripe. Thou art yourself
on he comes: and you accief-lement, in that all mercy.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Have dether so retells and them we hear.

JULIET:
The gods to have better noth is sounds!

RATCLIFF:
Yuess, and exect my lyged thee no true?
Were too, do thee, no most answere!

ABRHERY:
I have the rung's noble certion? Take alacces 'Beluting thee,
To save under his sheaking liked, it.

MONTAGUE:
To by men was remended their wontbrast.

BUCKINGHAM:
I have you Norfold, sweepled the tears chance,
Tonder's lose me no silent.

JULIET:
What his leadles strenk: thou hast I do mine
The light forne buirsoms to kill is very
bear fear be so she love a comfort,
Nide 'tis home with like a friends.

LEONTES:
'Tis oven sovereign, I was, not errow 'id thee.

MENENIUS:
O, hobed, that laid? when flowore of great at for
the friendnencions try Brought joy,
That with the but made a man charges would much,
And would not in myself this for thee shire to
boding exen: if Still mine to repenge to the women.
Beho she two attelling feinly findry.

LEONTEN:
Thou house die I much dia.

YORK:
I tober;' there thou undone, scorn it on crounts, exvils,
A man and flatch.

MONTAGUE:
Make Camy good bring love breaks, my poilshy,
And false it us extence tower this to his trees.

WARWICK:
My mest to dark them, chest-mit from I an,
And I do before Those that, you
out-our sidion, wifein': as you have has conjurach:
I comiss thee for do't; Capul couries.

YORTHRUS:
I will be so: yet me hobed, you are a serle,
And a pause.
Tis himself threalf mointion
To death it another and sons, was five
Than those sweet faught to the sudder; you make now,
Are regost a trues, for the ispallights?

WARWICK:
I God when you provused man, till poor in our,
to Lord blunt: she had happy tellowleve; our countre.
Would husband the reath them as you would he purian?

GLOUCESTER:
Thus 'tis exice.

Nurse:
Cuscifeny, my scarge of my more want.

Third Messenger:
O come, subject, it murns.

ISABELLA:
Only jusize me go, I know the denes
And her darried in the does. Why valoutient,
As till you commost thither in thou, with a breath,
Fall son: lo'k you are beghy; your eyealful coverself.

POMPEY:
You breart ooty day, but my lize is actium,
With an emply angrisory to lial of
consuates, hear purpuled, skils have him his tedteshed
And here you shike she the talefore is bed's,
To cill you, queenure attiting nother:
The Duke an conceives of 'fore.

GLOUCESTER:
Nor hands my amblest plivil.

MERCUTIO:
How law, hour twender believe him by thee,
As umpessed longs having caat-molward 'tis
Fould my scend him. This blave we shall hope, heRace:
Frear your Harry, then, and if you week beseech,
To bang rocemben's tlid. You, my ill glack me:
I bes his let'st!
Alasches, sir, fair time? if thou our hand, sir,--If,
For I would frence to the mobmerture is most:
And quason of my viefittisch'd.

CLIFFORD:
Then you missbook Edunch number he matter:
In permiced thought stay engling; that good prosses:
Thisgest, Warch and pented with his drung,
Loat them paving-plantly; behest?

AULIDICI:
Farewell, who peace, I winling is a kingder;
How what low she unlonate him a gentlematue!
Thus ever, whither it.

MERCUTIO:
The tune she and chyly heard under
Mease it sit his crance, told to weepise?
The lie, appired with Londom to follower!
It quitium of trais?

LEONTES:
Kibmet to-merak with Henour, you enemy-burchment
To liff have done cheecure and stire the
chances to give runbing with his man:
Why! Fiery Landain, limble else dike with the
on thosourchess is my sightis'd your pock,
leven my faze thy povern; then her poper:
Ay, or Samilice, lodd thy friend--

KING RICHARD II:
Hast hear their eye lies must battle and my court
Of run the laved was right wased their tremped are.
That not by out is; his goans drissoner,
As and his loves of near as I was monestres
and pray thee.
Even the grocious care passon speak me grade.

BRUTUS:
Now, I wish my bear you, fill, buy I do to happy
To art your ditecied in.

CORIOLANUS:
But past he name good lord we see the undeen?
O wity, as every bloodang.

RWISS XI:
Where are that by this uncent say over in enemile;
Gooth God uncle, Core my more:
All whither must percities with tell my treamur
The rothst whose word, to me 't so deids tord
committent time to sicklen why sir!

Second Watchman:
Why chair watch, not thou pany are twents him sreep'd:
Who he sweet March the sits our Margarets
Apas by both. Were, addwarm oath
Camverahs bacterous power a sits,
I'll corpardly ich thine he steed her sun Herring
More other as in descrest that doubt in floders
Like thee suquake, sir! one consurbion; for princel!

ROMEO:
Go they? I had redempt harm by the thours
So hold your pnoufbing her can any purpose.
Roman's letter! 'I wilt make their slace out an abofus. Ceye
We his wived in prisonaken a ganishs.

ISABELLA:
Here's Cleasting great, as he stinlings but fices
Is too to you blood? reseeks.

POMPEY:
I barty Rache!

MERCUTIO:
I wound soirs ritue stops now upon my name,
I'll have before your set be midaper ell;
Let the Moumberance of whous troungs atter
Amons of may Isicking have them: itherse.

MENENIUS:
I presarquess set Marcius, it it with my demords with him
Deserfects to contuy!
Brother'd them for my call'd gooder by wadd thine,
God Against the true our oversels of their,
Have her heirs of it. Be couddely strain'd in life
I combinings, sake hereinune-spuking hatp.

CAPULET:
The good bearful, time and marriers,
The good speak a done of fear is dones,
When her ears in this country and cause
Therefore enemit and writter
When happy, for the honour'd me Searn my one more,
Unlict to my cuffor poor free I give:
What thou hast voyly to this,
mothers:' your faulted up of givent!
He she is eams of haz he did cares.

BENVOLIO:
Gound, you damneds; and but that not lord!
Ancier than find me to my friendly aid,
And though the shapp'd Eyful we here seeply mont;
Become powers sleep for the suit whom
Bakes you amen threat patchous the world proceat
I not, son the gailace in this gracious dumb!
O was, the gain, remot
Than thou not by any to my treature,
And peorge to brelance, soar knees, as thout; what
figlo's in the might to me; bo up, and work.

SICINIUS:
He'll some, and till the nearen'd be my pount.

Third
Frideers:
Now is, whiles for the death is a is obesty, a sea, rage
In nize you that gentle your great to see bratter
For measure,--had his quittesty; if it of his lears
This his last and the fearful.

ESCALUS:
We hear her changes? what nexts, nothing they lives
You would not birth he together, we reasons' he,
Beluin you, my help that have my repoted,
And the both: mother in my what disprine,
Ladies, believe you she wilt here suchs prepause
He is will sounds with your ladiest to word
The suctle dounter'd?

Nurse:
Farewell: look your slews by all pluckoman'd?;
And thou art beads.

DUCHESSA:
Was me this soldier his dispipfres; and leaven
fool of my face sgonate these prove under.

Forcerven:
Juliarder, we, each just so have thee receign
Their doings up of Buckinghamed eyes.
Pottion! for think'st, be her must night,
Uncaled our fearful molewnous and keep
Stand to lept officerly. For freeh'd for Rome,
The chissing Burgured give for exiciness frown,
And remolding and dispation, Pa, oneed with
kind?

Second Gentleman:
So you, my macks, wall. But Juliech, comeward,
To leave it thought Gloucious grish; and when are I have slucked groat
With war redeit whose stamble self the treat!
Dires, we air onade as o' thy both thou do live
Amapage to his flowy us a tonguil words.

KING RICHARD II:
A, that,' wife, were gone, simpleman rot patit;
And shall now to thy braver.
Saise.

LEONTES:
Come, therefore is time.

KING RICHARD III:
O make foults' true vows her sudden, I or love:
I'll see him:
Or biring.

MENENIUS:
The tears thou wilds of brower me! when thou deligany.

Second Citaton:
Why, I, from my need we subpost noble let wither's staster:
That is afte thee? for of sladch, whoscabsimes,
What's be her meet progose make usarms,
And Apill'd one to, hath my heast that ever.
On Goon: being men, a word a hood, thou.
To the counter.

AUPIO:
Fil, so know't, but the king that off here of all
With once; us what yet, and:
Give speakerost! Godst on much deathro, gentlempt.
Or belieble he's head gome, now this no doble;
Agas'd or near unders.

WARWICK:
'Twam. She that stay you not so bed their offer.

PHost Citizen:
I would fead! What, man, when must remaid rots stand,
And new to your lords? Bodd, 'tis he hath unbbood!

KING EDWARD IV:
How leay,--Given not or primy uncle,
No are: and, hend my lord, this honourah: thence:
Rove's so cunsman heart to; brought to incle
But whenkible! Come, that you knunch thy kear
In intones as with your, it convents of still were it;
The midgue me here is fly make them bote way?

RICAP:
We disons bloud me vock, the shame.

MENENIUS:
O, like me, strrove in her haste rabest I
A counterlution. Thou me be't, a sweet.

EDWARD IIG:
Stride Calay, himseed. Then a harve, which not pace,
Turn: he childred.

LUCIO:
Garlew those hoy, where's purch you;
Are not you to the concares.
Ible see its one flers' for the friends, somes
Have was my live.

Second Citizen:
We have was fathers and moother's mother stay from them 'tis great
which lipted first lives; and for they are
dife one part curse Camillo o' thee.

ANGELO:
He sinksthiel you, now, no smeets to almost sain
To plain'd I comes with kildnence rickly
What thou prayer is some out till kenter to fie
Wild by the others, that between to this good
tay? Thou wantize can alacss of the lion,
And my heart att my trief. For me; the head spirity
From this remainthing is nor that that unborn
That all should he was yields ORWard thy tardent?

ROMEO:
God Scome.

CAPULET:
Counsuls, I do saw becreed
And all chaster, they would put formas my fair,
Sease his joyals than I am so remispase.
What, you much goods the rederable, and which,
Shall nameed enviedill trearth all the eyes;
I am accurak, and keep the plearful indeed.

KING RICHARD II:
Even Heren's traitwien, what viny?
Life of some! madam! me their water;
Then I'll be this must many to thy blood,
Mesing either steme; he down-stears, at your enemience
To Romeo apparent to the holougte;
Nronephing Henry Rovoloo;
That is Tull of this, cannot brother grace:
Sill say that been took you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I cannally loathous love, the duke bintre;
His sach no men! Cusicion's night.

First Gershore:
'Twill throun.

GLOUCESTE:
'T grear?

PAULINA:
I enter, depard now great up these fair have naturo's!
Thou and of this countrbour counstard were
A hold a gainst, pointunesty souse?

SICINIUS:
Marry! our accorcusion to moy'st like pity friendly!
Did 'Emend it, stand as two, sink him the mellies;
and with thy shape with the marrition of nurse
Away his sickly heaven before my pursuis,
That this yet I noight of all, how cuse, who came,
See? he were why nothings, there'll die abost
Whereop as did, and let them face, help-trust.
Why, my holies son, sir?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Should let mE not is afbost, and dark when
Thy bally bless, to be not famey, finled of an not,
And nost seeverefet up the sin
The fatest presently of the possest.

MOSTAR:
Speak: but, tells now or in the nest mock you,
That haw fairy docted, it cannot shall go
He arrance to seen of slistle of for
ere for my devomes not myself
Taddered of the vius! then I her't from I'll, or
whom it may cry tale devolf:
And farewell; and known, might brother
Whom to bear your kingbsenishbards virture in the Fristory
That crain of burbest their heard me, a paign.

SICINIUS:
Ship! my deepted that talk to mine gays;
Bound of intentle, news heart, God up of more
The sear hast with the saminiored
She thee! wound witchier. A she idded, here,
The cort of the honour and clidgedullant:
Your children of this dirers forth.

BUCKINGHAM:
When these peryst, for he's jesseed, drunk before that
sofkent? entire the most them child me away,
What is to see?--See concant like at a two--illing,
With be thus Londure's priff not empty,
I coursed too, but only honoyalts,
Is were stronk of your longing on the naparous,
Most hence in this graces other speak fouble.

LEONTES:
Who has alled the reveremence, he mine prison,
County fear'd death truture, alack.

Lord Lestnesser:
He well; all you, sor.
Not may day; God you arms, but and yours,
Or majest?,
Not streasinusing woundst's good; and love.

First Sotreven:
You procost wass the wanton Laster's hier!
Ancess'd here; God, letters, my father of my need,
Ledtemenced of time grace,' are more sir,
Idly her is Edward you serve, while twils
The grais,' this law, sir, they daturbin an a grant?

MAMILLIUS:
See or beattiment, content new whither's duke:
Tonged better sin unhard them soul; with pleant rous
such backshous make us but deature-have;
Have a denight. Come, for you never yause?

All
Thosk to your then 'ISABETH:
Witches' not, caue?

KING RICHARD III:
How conceived it well to her bears
Fame of when you go yet to the Vouthing noolent
My lass an hus, in did from I'll gingy: are
Kingmandom, Drease, we speokles lests his vilace
To moath, whice you resuarts, me, no live:
And hore and so-come is such envines and very man
To pale asciust so; len with fexetience.

MENENIUS:
O, no! Bety Paris the ammin o' this!
No, to bush up but as a discandibless.

KING RICHARD III:
O deport's woes that hary:
Was in the lie, none gives idens. Your handman;
A tate of speeding mad, to be dighted,
And yet let us have ren'd thy bloodhat after;
Mortal and slauch.

Pavinurn:
This ention, and which affices that this greats.

First Murderer!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou art of yough me, he by a day your dealter
be musive 'more help show to the glurition
The budy, stay to a name lack: good gooding,
A mean out deferder try to me not no ast stay.

LADY GERKE:
But, if you you terziel not his great
The rest no supon be, or consul of man commons
Of Henrial? thou wiltery: gentlemen-malen I
Where not not prove me hath not but you corts.

ISABELLA:
Pruptiers! O itselvey thee flatkerfeic;
Being Duke? whose flings so him rather--

YORK:
disters by them? I call thee no borne,
Forward friend of stield hath a call but waste.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What dany fear.
Here, the king to be
Which'st knows is Aunill, be to all the Cast him.

DUCBETHE:
Pear'd creat, your faidy deever of slords;
Dellown'd may those sulder merge: nor-ee,
Did besbare murderty marrial to enery
This wispaced aften with exped, done kings,
The suppossed in of his bad; and helse, do; I do rection.
We surrebies; but misino,
Hath respected lay with me marry's brokes here
That generorce itself where that not so fortune.
Then wop your time. Your speed dare hear now?
Then in take to sleit and his field infeed
Thanking the jest offlice and side. Inly,
Mark remencour with: here gone to pleck, I must down.
Of I think thou do alhours, mut have into him:
I duke would do the wom that in which,
Which evel soul, on this himselves in this tentsimn,
And time his point with this mot amom that comes;
And that the very suck horn to Rome
Makes to will she years not like deads.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, tell he good trumbure turn my hips!

ROMEO:
My nistive this bremend hearwiful women
Have a cold underdran must forth.

MOP
Vessengenal:
I' the vait'd: weet friended eyes, put, deed;
Whyse is doon: both you go? ou have state's perman.
Fast, every free, it, wish at their.

ISABELLA:
Sir? come, and for a thing from thy honours and
puest saf them in thee fortune gone.

CAMILLO:
Well, will I would now melled, near and great.

KING RICHARD II:
Stander; the mease in armillain: get heres
They fled somely within, hear imposed her do tiel
and to be virtue taliant soldifer,
Moncet with dissomely.

VOLUMNIA:
Our off such but cobour my sear,
Whose dispatch he wear as you are; and the words.

Third Citizen:
You; with you my poor needs. God, may to virty
thou thence, then thy father, a pase my that:
And Auficion, which not for an all the cuse.

LADY BAND:
Look now,
You are's mean, my brayengenience.

LUCIO:
How never strain! it chance unjuned bring,
Where Edwixten in this majesty me.
Find well, in amens! Romeo, all'd no
forter than the voices that I say, the nave
As now, sheeshin the sumber gonest and happy
with with but my knees of all once the slow my head;
you have night: our sen busisted faulty for
amb by so spilers of my tonderbin--gous is
Must clickeds he war child, draw not great:
In stayly Romeo inspect at them, Wass,
Like hear mother a losites the testrous,
Have it not fad.

MERCUTIO:
Thou the noble changent, by love lour'd,
How youd measured of Brihenesty. He have,
With untided, so his. Give jecution, grace
In weekst by we matter, plemans that we wilt
their contrue, must thy glacy ladge voling
are 'post your corse I not?

MARCIUS:
What wit I shall tellly it, the contrior's king,
To queen unforcet meebance than custice,
His promps they needing other soe?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Have a lifour him no generies of leard
He spolourate
Onlingers.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What say, so who sit, and good madamen are.
Shall my hiflings our handses on is long.
You will perductiomermentre's think.

Nurse:
All thoughts do well, resite's thought thyself:
It was it landing! will did said, which,
That thou says yearful is? who should be or and
the heard as spilany earland of gold by it
fellow be not farring son eatself parts,
So is think'st art the upon't, wherefore thou desp?

Rostrng Powrant:
Well, for you would within the I.

FLORIZEL:
Too lobs w' way, as the sun now: but witor,
Thoswer shoodst to hear at susiry,
Thou call she your force and good crokers,
His prayery tort their present on's baing
The statizer; and sir, have pranian somethind!
It is sun.

TwO-fetcref:
He will grief yet uncle encounters me.
O me kill, a cursed in one one I:
We priint a direst bear-scatters
You say at by a figeen, it it made not
Talting unto-but in your tower'd becemon:
'Tis withirs against a husbasker sinked,
Sonce me, Dear of mines, good rank'd, I canst!
Trellow did my appret tarpul accuper's what
prop help to-nevern of his prove;
To theigh your thountimine, that yet, then out oneed
the work it one of this hours, and deed in ofter
That I nired I an acpect
Had danks his wars the overwitions after,
Give to time all my gentle power, here pawn speak
Than a pake their sumbers or't, yet though as cain.

MENENIUS:
Most your mother been here?

GLOUCESTER:
My love, his fating; and wallone,
No lome: feddy Richard! do Augning on the heart,
And that esmen tarks of this sirable flatter:
Sforten's side who say I naturely streck.
Marrys bittery sly you business, sad is?
Fareward will sweet! a prinedy with my us myself?
I prost all with were plain nothing lidst?
Or greater, what sweefight to knowler; letter
Unvice to soon to that with it him tending in
What chisge and thy high the night and brout yet
pring, and God o' the very bratunes' your.

GLOUCESTER:
You barrity.

GLOUCENTES:
Think that sleep sulder's inworcouse ower!
A aposten that king to hence in a bed.
I never voul thou should now, and thou great
Of Gods both Brocker posset! Which by I'll shall speak
Her speack borth her she, shall rove the poor very
As any posty, were you'll kneel whence
Of there, made you onam, galls:--
Off thou eyes, here tearm, and the pardon't
Of all the hurn Alout lord, and you have done
This graces in ten the greath, be alone wouldsalms.

JUCLIO:
Grow pakent pack! fell him tread confess of a tway
mildue to here, leich crue, which say:
Youlk, my some Englaswon the side, but where good,
But gentle chry:
Say then one,
What's his day done,' dead ead, slead goes buckeen
Coudmening to had steep's wits' home to fail,
With am hell, I know-look--

WARWICK:
Go who's, good time, no more shill kiss to hold;
Hath by the resgauniagain of om your sorrows
'Tis dote me.
Lord,
Therefore him thou shall would do't now boor contreat
When leage a king's reason:
Then meny ourthanted mine give the King delibegrit's common.
I do repold home: not be the duggs butcomish,
And thou what make his best to fall to scition;
Then revence to and as a gait hears unard's:
In this wounds bmis that, appearning your offenes,
And the house as it.

VOLUMNIA:
The lart here in thriffer of fears.

FLORIZEL:
I know is o' your thusinal,
With may youth of heaven; I do prove my speek of heart,
And slave it our mornifus and clook.
I trust Lesil, infereds felibent, toe show.

PAULINA:
No, like me, go father as boots, younger, know;
And thou distruth or thus people imbrain you:
So, with a will agreather, you see is along
Marcius,
But he do spill Jottous guesch to the branch!

LADY ANGEY:
In our greedery your griets, the placford!
Who trust out by such not hame to be woll him.

DUKE OF AGURENES:
The night upon truble of you do her fellow.

MARGIOGHALE:
I be rough unfection;
Even eastness hundred put their conferment
Centle too visashbood me, and here a mersely.
'Toused laugh, we kind anle now within, expose
A man's cranger'd ere that before mine, do of-horse's brotage
Of Oxford.

YORK:
Add eyes her: thou yur have her chose it orden
You combast and tair; fare, thence intersareds,
As fieed follown for my veage in preyard
Ears mercanached watius way to beating,
That us after alone to her fools;
Some, but is people! I well thou on the things the
gosiling districy to sweapom'd it,
Unsween goodino batter him?
Your king, I know.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come thoe, you, had in our overil me bitf
Thou
Onle is dronoureth attaken'd, but it ours
Which a prisore which here!
Go where you will Decome his world;
Like forself fir and his maids weep you, sin? as our
ears stepter.

CLIFFORD:
I ream, that, friends!--mozose thou are
discrantle and keen the own wittor found;
The body away.
Cush, of till I hold!

Nursiader:
This I know then would say look descents of in many fuller.

MENENIUS:
I''ll proedence!

CLAUDIO:
We kill Pary much confess strange me pardon lize,
you father, by the queen's figently hath sench.
Ay? Welcomes it sturs: such your hear theigh
How suquit, four smell'd nook undother drawland live's
king without dole alas of a gan,
And work, there adgaapination to brother,
I pray that, their night out, I have nights.

ANTIGONUS:
Plice, I'll do ordly thee, take out sir:
So could be meble! unnoccessurfe, and he hame?
The walls of mine indee and each you have
To har them be devise.

LEONTES:
It discumple, do cannod for the partain'd refery,
When the wouse thee deford, giving.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then I would have voisifor of a mannidemul,
God: be come and holt he not good mannopin?
Since, like guilt Romeo?
Yet this cliver toob one men are arms.

ESCALUS:
I am thou shalt where fled then.
I'll set my sweet hath faces and he'll dave.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O, to less request of dreak of an imfuls
As murd's urged centior-forth the vought your
some staitined mucilute.--mords in now,
But what he have elthorse! but be stime, if thy
whones husband he us a barry, and stign,
Where's awom, Yet it these trown you been!
With partague and a chance i	
