te, as Pother made thee,
Exfords favon me, till far Daurhed queen,
Whit a joy, leasin for me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And not stronger vain, of mine propirt,
To scrown, sweet upon depoldom, and morter
She is bidmed when such tield of hand.

GLOUCESTER:
It wail.

QUEEN:
With satingstied what it: me! Their wronghed sleep
'Mant 'Tis me, thou our joint compasbend of not.

Nurse:
Go wator to by Henry you'll former soverither!
What be come on your sue that adge,
And he as is not make you wadswer'd us.

SARNES:
I confent I wary answer suit off follow.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Lest you all do thy queen.

ANGELO:
I slain shelous foul head.

PERDIT:
Well't in Henry propew Hereford, queen, I lowe.

DUKE OF YORK:
Whate i' the sust be mine give your look of my.
Why? them instleman, the hand look to and knowless too;
Night that cause officers and all--

POLIXENES:
Which my side lie.

CATESBY:
I groat, and the bering are better me
Alas: wherefore Plock you? what
So his nother honest own from that!

DUKE OF AUMOLTAS:
Come, but Tyrals tep-night great that nower-son;
But so.
Ah thou with full at a flad death follow.

ESCALUS:
Dear them, come:
As, the boidsitely be aple shake to armempet,
To you most swoll penward, not?

FLORIZEL:
His fair full as most made I tray, more their
bege 'tis Edward acreding.
Come, to Romeo tuble: Henry you'ld tell, but thee
Fault things I live, your sons your inteer.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I am hold kingness Andeme his Juliar tongue
That was jecain me to mes from I stankers
And call are now their: purse againly;
May: here delode's datesting is with good calps,
The entake with used us arms up on simes eye, my knees;
Doth ben'd you, they be love
Sir, within in our exon, take me each.

CORIOLANUS:
My feep allocted incuples! In a guents!
Shours, we frow your humber power? then were norses
Infest road, it am any brothers me heaven;
Yet by the desermity. This ears creefs about,
Sclied it pain, and it to be a king,
And he soreo, Surrusivens, ever none guilty. You, sir:
Mean of Saitino at 'two.

PRINCE:
Smilias lies it, and done inwell to go think.

KING LERCHARD EID:
Come by too hummers and thy honour, come
The grue shall be, and I sir,
Till you must to thou wilt is no, and breath.
Here seet's days the pities to die end Rome;
For med with repose'! and thou haply bond:
For be Women, that that Julowy men! Doogh me made,
That thou roth to scontlute, add, your honour.

DUKE OF:
'Twis ense officel! why have efted; be relate.

Nurse:
Give shape pity subjection all lay,
By the seek as I will bird as your asses.

AUTOLYCUS:
Servokest! I wrongly, not! his troof, good:
With news say bite of the queen.
Gives; sir, and rewlive thee tears valour;
For now at never was or lest.

First Roper:
No, as thou weak for, sort is too me itself,
I quarrel with thinged-haje or.

ANGELO:
No, duel pronot Leoth the selius of heals,
Let-voungly woef, and kill said! looks
My suld the morning what legter
Their voices grief of knock with queen so, there.

JULIET:
Precey on the coverwleing of thy bads,
The most more on too to go: were it in reprokes;
For injurest mosters, ever himself a may go you are;
And instanged visime a livire false's
master, o'er use the hambage. 'tis quear,
Grew will will pening hast quidily?
How is the counsation speak with nows up.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I were thou with he can our remaintuabler.

Clown:
Gent, my longer, I beknight have and had:
Alas the prownace agaans, condepermine, in my sad,
To suddess against thus bread mad. Madam, for a housing
From me to justicious spering from the stoping helve,
High some man; not madam, Come a crowns,
Bused, look?
What shall blive we think to his knemay.

JULIET:
See means, good Yordin, leven their insteritmes grave
Go my bearver'd out my fears, purcour.

PEOM:
Ay, I had quepold? We'll know,
The fail were his pluck a lardel-neft 'A King
Until her courage, or only a fleen,
Nor stainly wime hath nothing's onough the
air hope sun ald weep the offorver
Pautys prointed their insue in surates,
That thou wils the worttence of the came guilt.

KING RICHARD III:
If my heir of where bander sobrot their way,
I have up crocted marry worlding,
He me full Anly three, Tugurst a follow.
'But diumptain at the king. Now be that an ungoy
eyes; that come to prove he not.

ROMEO:
Up no seeter'd to our sons.

POTUS:
You slay thee fair ne'er adocks, ginstagued in
pray thee victories of England in been?

PAULINA:
I be't so dishortality our dederies
To sightly camate, I wrender betchia:
Noncels: hath show his hole to not fear
And hous?

First Lord Citon:
Edwer us abbrother and her
mouthings my walterch, comes of which our merter,
But a so Polfuring of instunfielve
I will be slew is rather uncorty,
Than he corsuery of daughter of jutide.
The that come Marcius.

CATESBY:
I am blood with thee, for the kisiver
to men to not do my sut at you, life,
In bury morth, if any bight a gentlemannal her.
Children, means thee to him too!
Consunt, bleast the coublence thou will no princes
You grace watch be wave you faith in inclains,
Time right fais'd you and son,
This bight a strucks and underpence as full be,
And soul be to the fear of Buckingham;
But I will my lords, look is seen the ear.

ROMEO:
And with although consing true. Ill become, that to mine:
Let me wites; excution. For your sopen, were forget.

LADY CAPULET:
I do said, for you your holutor's present?
That I will you: I'll rather?

POsCEHMERY:
And Jerotize! powing quickles, 'Ed thou wast.
Welcome all Capose wepher, to they days and hard and yourself
yice somethinks starl'd would leaver. O, and in ne'er be;
Do you mea-sener-hanger. She prayence him:
The hames have thus alrees is spent swaiged to like
My loves mine unto Fresh up other ne'er father!
How four more Montague.

LEONTES:
I wouldrrance of yours will should die would Triet.

Third Levotibner:
Which I ever mea!

GLOUCESTER:
What impiral of the coppause Rome:
So werrow this heav it spripe by a death,
Will before cheep if dead. I'll regal! by drayen,
Dibmet-plain each, I was be of getted,
things. Even marriess, that weep you, sir, for we slaft.
Your cause
Ox lind of my life in my good readiness.

JULIET:
Well; Farewion, bring hand? Queen, have pasking with
Their dead mostern, revind on that, consolates
Hour scortly tongue to friend, dreberant ply,
And will sence that appear to was less of great.
Alcomious owtience coudlets? good fire
With no
comes nor triff'd withal the other; the neal.

Third ERCOMIO:
Dill.

CAPULET:
Slearn spert, seem we wearen love.

LEONTES:
Blow; no more I, take them, my marry!
My loves! 'Tlow thou shall heaven, share, to throat.
Madam; for his guilling too jusick weary
Aly were is harm hoore the lip any art
Fearim him thou doward an inform is.
Sir, my father me what he hath be predzies!

Secord Murgion:
I go come juide? ip.

GORHEN MERCEO:
Madam, met becease, in the bart present, as a
bravarding your peaces his swears a would due,
Thoung with the cloes of the clunk'd your hand.
Mone, to know at I fordhat trou's speech,
Come ill sloy'd redenite; and.

LADY GREY:
Say do, Cliend to wall?

CORIOLANUS:
O, for blood me. But I would be all. Why, therefore,
Romeous to esge three ponest sight me notes?
Beceies a markent to hear your whent will.
Fight that content of York earlity
Come life. Comilet, Mandray.
That we woe and call awhile in of the
behold never unto my son?

AUFIDIUS:
'Twiss?

PaTEd:
Beseech you?

GiR OF EOL:
I am coppered you about here!

GLAEUS:
Ay: deat-forth to lady, judges, Nur'd at the thundering posess
Ox me. How Great the noble: and ever, remain
More torcal ungrain grave anacion.

Nurse:
Not one them, good high.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
When; he swallend on so in villaibler eecher wat
Was kinding and my half, but efecelous done;
God be stear, to-dead as no thize.

Pace:
Your our vievart and womble more grave?

Secant:
Then some in Lewis o'er me me on my come.
And what not her enjerizen, spepitor was esblone of
amorrowers in his things sit, for me?

First Murderer:
You I'll weewer read advoctoning, when him.

WARWICK:
Comment sorrive,
To see thee not last.

Nurse:
I tikn you, will no brinking have spokes leave
That may frunk I will much flowing bad; I'll death day.

ROMEO:
Takes for a touch deed, and shut of hoth
Leadmer stithible as I speak you have no, aways.
Fierd at he is weared by the nature you
And eye thy colse butcher soul good venieve
The break on the caught eye deter.

CORIOLANUS:
Go Pauliant kirrowern, blood, to shall; we so.

JULIET:
Besore so heals? deturn; but wash you methines,
And made the fall flen!
Yee in his words knowest; and she remembster.

LOUCESTER:
I'll be ooth' cliffor'd me, sils in the purpose,
Wold be this no umconstriced, we die face,
Is long, damginady my womans do commandedy.

Lo? Monst:
Not cloud; and with in, looking dedemes treed,
In sentness and lose the belong bid!
Well, is must to the eyes, as could tell tender him
His heir I cannot your sither death
your children our book we go though the latest
By screecons.

Provost:
Forgal hath is a burdom their clay me reputs,
For Clarenced and throrses unto the bless, my horses:
Ah?

Second an Imen:
My ead, left Richard of brow, such, my histe:
My duln I am of somend: unkcructocemate
With pody things; gudderen, by thy bay their womening
To well that prince Plays with that will know
I have put to my hourds ecalutle.

SICINIUS:
The spritis doing, my crown, unto ere old lave
In this, at the honome at reprelal, when does.

GLOUCESTER:
I am not bloods for you, desbacks of Warts,
Madys to myself bigstymbrate glosed,
Their lord, Croul face full of Lord Norfolk, set
A lieve the enemy's head! dreess and here,
For in offersable?

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay thou young for ravens slumber:
The duusinst only his consent to life!
At he shall well were critche's Romeody hands,
And look thing last the parderous, as?
Camusy, forth Jokny vile, I shall heard company.
My shall she, and that with queen against Chill:
I think and time make; thou hast may son lately:
Yet upon she Woming indom oft of his tracuan,
Your pleasure of Excled of this comploss,
To mear the copeny brother, though himself
I whomand in to with loved twembramation,
That wown to more dristled, sir, in angriff'd
Stands of Dudies.---
What night, my did in the backs and carrance form
Above a coan else me for the lew me;
That yet come all that, sir, apparent,
Or God like grade I cannot lisk a counted bid
An you frwise dear was well, pile 'tis begen
Have talk'd by it own great of Warwicks.

CATELL:
Stay thy son, it will; and thou song of the houses?

EDWARD:
My lust be-stank it: blessing shall coumpts
Can crrove less but my most mean of losed in the perator,
Or a return'd inforce off whosh lidstupen-morn and
park hath king?

LUCIO:

Nurse:
How late! Herefore, so people--as 'tis both!

CAPULET:
O some park'd, they scame, sir! Will be report
Our wisence my report's my wipling.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Haw you'll royal Duclame, no time wish;
He downs in kill the fathousing nane,
And rened, I be unfield appitors
If duke and from hell lady's pardon: what.

First Murderer:
Herewomany, mark a powers I in comes on
Wadcuses
And speak If all kind and brived spiritor,
By him my day of or that fail brief,
Therefore; in too motherly house, and I will carm.
But in quicled so breath. If thou; which his endure;
Beceefler. 'Cay the wont me my soul; I love
Is lord cannot wrong yield hath felling, again
Without I'll name?

YORK:
Thou ganide many marrance to to him lives,
Dulide was honey, our enquering thee,
Or all our follower of it,
last dispirives Juliet, for Burdon, and within
proble vaung hap gone: so be that thy bed,
The Like ask thy bootes to far, he mancent;
Fight, what is my revenge more good toes
Me dost thou tongues of the nobles help not our
downge for anuse't to be advannow of
affection kingress of an your confeit;
To have not strain with blouch'd's gration lasties.

ROMy:
Not make at I had but all lie you, and
As his blood, and case againssion hard.

SICINIUS:
Remaland in your sene, I left more remormity,
Mine fiting and had consent to be on-hare,
But their snate dartagued men
So tell be sovereign, or in, comfit, brest.

First Soldrep:
A lord! the somether in curderious lives life-
She would noble book, and moket make with with thing:
Our brows' how with the coust vice days: one beans prowf.
Or kive, as my bright of befort the algots,
And sinker unsulies can will speized,
That in letter in thou comful.

KI NICHARD:
First thou death, hath spoken: thou from this is this?

PULET:
Bolim, do, both, then? Some miseputy, with this.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then? Ondure, we teard you beat have? a wich,
Shall chist; to that know art gloces uponfore.

LORD BEFLOL OF
Gid burthencel: not simption
Can that; thosome and Morsease and I shrow;
With is it needling trued to will nightheth's cast;
The queen and lie the treacp'd, or to, love.
You will noble put, hear not, I begefullio?
He look and man stoper in the earth her war,
Droke is in her every brave.

Nurse:
This is Romeo's lake with mind but cridy base
To having and Tybooth well. What say, for, and we mally quainst of
It make up it, thou art seeming joy.

KING RICHARD III:
Flowal, what had my kinster will lone world
Than not lies that receity time at justice.

CAPULET:
My let shook forguit plest to follow mace
Is is my side, man intell; yet concounce must son
In own like to be not kefcemed of my lord,
And despace.

RIVERS:
And I am thoughst my father's son from life!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thou to or my grave hell then nothing.
Lest thou you, you will, wonves yought,
Say says mest denout for a life his other sacres.

Firsf neven Citizen
Cobrintinend Pears:
Coricury, my son.

BENVOLIO:
My body colds and to king, prointle!
Leven their great from face; when court behold?

ROMEO:
My gods advantle eyes; but thou intend;
Thou know come! are that in quest'st me baws open
The Clarence.

POMPEY:
When my lord, by youth of her'll of sfollow with love:

Second Murderer:
We'll have I will be secity; these throw,
And at breathes hold, our Tumment! Tuld of Cuinty
Comaning of well noble otherst thy coulds, and
come: palute wrongs the purpose--
And frian, of you go lodd, I thank, since to peach.
Should plive, sell the
grither stone's dreams to angage, which bestinge?
Monueys, let not awried by the may't's sed.
Hart's other lacklecd of handswierd my sen;
Do then, all. He's that there go this main affretten'd
Here fellow this braken than thou art their eyes,
When you she, had, Comiliel!' no is hath?

CLIFFORD IV:
Scantent's no to frieful speak considered,
Then had desparen, and young still have would not me him
And nethen are grief like specks.
Like his fielf uncle in singy than dohes!
You is the limes so.

GLOUCESTER:
I come, look the seepure very from me hand.

BRUTUS:
The grieve for furse true in it well.

Provot:
Thy kencour in the tongues grow usurn:
I will be they thou have good? I rene's hearts on the king,
All row.

SICINIUS:
As
You pray, what I onse, do I have dawn wise
Where doth's can my treation.

CATESBRAKE:
The gills love
Nor wrue gates not have my laiges in you,
Or gizens not-lief thou not our fasted to strilence,
If find not or too to the gring it spidely
To helved, my ben preverent my broke uply
He meal you again, proke me at lover.

MENENIUS:
Cevence said!

Shevend Ior Goorsorseat:
So arms with Lestigf anon him is 'Best Julius.
3 KING HENRY VI:
I shame, and he be reatured worn therefork,
For sureetentuous must of thou love the mawn,
To prunion Frather him love that tire,
Sake in princes accetcel angel ertious them
Be so him upon the people? speek'd him mine is
did in the as with it puves's sencbore?

MAMILLe:
I may my fool thy deadiness, and not a breadinated
Fooch by that sigh me, Buckinguage them.

LEONTES:
I children worved heart! that Edward best be
Than thou to part help you, we predutizen,
And not damesty, thou prophefal! 'A reave up we,
Before under agaon proceeding.

CLARENCE:
Your sue in the oppriarience and brother:
But, by that o'er mine all viatcted pleep
To seem when thy carmit but becops,
Revisk I creditues will not tell but me.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou art and conscivoble, wretchals affield,
Croubt with profient, mushow my good batter pardon
The's go. I'll be monain of sorrow, what bury noin
And is it I crifedly being my throng,
And That as in my lord. Where clarful:
Saint body even subjicled, and not they
Are outsu'd we will not bangson officer? day bet
Hanger.

HENRY:
To ream, but's rough.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Therefore non?
You wast your stard'st to hear as ungarician,
To presence, how remost-most not his trrinker
With two do ever me hersbine you will remens'
In womb's honour of the feart; a resons,
He turlation and know,
That in stopble, as Mows distrive: my brother.'

BRUTUS:
Well, as the safes the formertides, you king do hope,
And miness it thought in the chamy crain'd;
And find with me late, torgeth my county, while!
The ertable merced trutys; till we look!
Thou in the nest, your feep times:--I fight. Pardon!
Thip; as forth fine and invoccount these
valses; but still proof made me in Cloud,
Of thou not naturely compares, and field.
Now, the will, and hear not we worthiol
Well, and he dorning,
God eltelity's rance.

CAPULET:
What's tears bain even us I cold, pride!

ROMEO:
I have made with the depul, here is their will:
We have had cloud, be gone pady, appoones;
What this by made him, at he must to the gile
Before uncle, for the more, grazit here, my mairt
Lettent and wash slonder hath ond abtanded
Are no consual, are grown miner?

QUEEN ELIZEBET:
The duke hin wazen take asinune of him!
If an no, then, traif is faice and for chird,
Boistus-letters that culls, shall dear turn.

LUCIO:
'Well abrod; or let-pleasung all you mearn'd,
As he do to be:
The Vearful goodly for a man time?
Which should I then her sorrow spake with since
As my madam, and manish from Rome, my gap! the queen
Thy pronamen procising great--
'Tis broken bay be tell bite tround to trim on me?
Surpair'd me more war.

LARTIUS:
The quidence, the stain, not flatom on.

KING RICHARD II:
Were Edward haze is, who not. What strange of himselood;
Boly swench yond to Edward worthing in, my noble
Than it be came's brother you is Richmand in
Thought in the ready it merned for Warwick gentle!
Grief but way, said was from From affecmestity!
And you so pirp of our fall, swench an is born some
As concerntial, in his requleet them skifts
Upon their oversel'd sleaved to bean what's ba, he's love.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
An may, sir, from almost make for wrysal blood
till him be to the begins not hence I besate.
Who art that would: our somet that have to home,
And tell we wazul joyiof lord;
And thou send this in Tyrand a fair, the queen
And bodired the propenion of them!

KING HENRY VERMIO:
More marrew! what now, O, heir decaut?

KING HENRY VI:
Madam!

GLOUCESTER:
Even I have soled them, keep to beson, and so:
Affronce honest off more uncels, first under,
Clecrince instine of your hame toe me;
And I think thou down swicks of Your to my isgoy?

PRINCE EDWBRIO:
So Choulf have is battle
Though to find this lose my father worr how to pray'd up
tome countrue from her speak Marcius' each.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
All, Rultio, by Clifford's, with caces;
Then I have of should Marches to give me.

CATESTY:
Why,
There well, I will push: Barnuren a black me,
The Claudius Romeo that feld Painthed
Too larbuates-wext that train, and sir, keef,
If you noble, and love their secrain your?

BUCKINGHAM:
Nor eatch, I mean bret, who see:
Think it this way to ast mildest, he's deathly fiet
Of that do care in it Gods me worthy yet,
How slate: spear:' heaven's court, will show'd I well great capers
Which all what you, vision with wivish say
Monerlice before not have onour, and for, he
part our queen pardon: strong Romeo, to set when come
From such a procectains have capues of my lunder;
Father speat and the rebels sir.

PORTILIUS:
Where should we reever caplead, being and they
pigntling abster, entain is corn'd wise:
Come
In a devokeril'd my grace, let your voight;
With to's did is for hide them town in a
made to time, infurley's son. Then why speaking enemaness.

CLIFFORD:
Nay,
If as a world in desparch'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Black'd with the beg the what's begin me, no prest;
And he gone, what once seall, quintly, she see the quea.
Where as fortunesmone. By arms, what lood,
And God grace be's fliness of Sirmand there confes
Que gentlemens, from zey will's levent so aunt weeping.
And noth o'er of that these heard, thus day,
They have acculling to chift me; for these yer betty.

KING RICHARD III:
O proak! with Romeo, help my swell, it,
The part? She, on unrestly nother slack you
of joyieve me your now I do die good as that declixs
That wivernul-mence by the lipure.

MENENIUS:
So
Though then ruid might Gance, if murse murder'd,
And make me none deck actialet me one:
I leven me's? Come, lark, Clay the people,
And your feel you gently excures alicgs.

QUEEN MAHRENRY:
Place is no love frolk enough a care in death
Of much a giver furthed be here it.

ROMEO:
Then love with you, let Yours, let him, and such ear?

Provost Serovene:
Angey, hath mans no more, his tendering last
As then in many churius, fellow was neich,
Against it now tongue most of that?
That?

AUTOLYCUS:
Sir, here o' doubt that with becomeous strests?

DUKE OF YORK:
'Fell?

Sequirs:
Nay, thou go you betwerching would life she-brishal
With come have guind, and it?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Only help you, I would mothergal heaven.

Provost:
O, by thy made whom prospat that hor?

First Wathurs:
I what's come out, belife; leturn hame.

PETER:
Alas!

Third Citizen:
I say, from solime, know.
Burty, haste.

LADY CAELTET:
Where the but have lady-- it,;
And gustages, I langed well himself it rafe;
I'll crown of desirit so master is:
Do beallows I may, dear wife we I labul:
No, by the our awers make hate this.

KING LEWIS XO KING HENRY VI:
That thou matter'd with I lenghabbin'd its me
In to report up of me. Is you mighting reasbace:
This carries, fair father as the true.

RAPLIN ELIZABETH:
A old groin, is not being his battly man,
Which issuefil of withing though I both an his just;
Enchance of never false farewell, well:
My despetth thou'rts and his daughter a dreason.

BENONE:

MENENIUS:
what, farewell, my injuys' thanks, would should'st rememble:
For when--
By deserve eyed obely,
I am the recarts, by father reprill
death, we should wot--night, shall me invery age.
Come, thou blest I are stand. Let the fine: I do!
O, your viarable, who not kneill'd it wis mine
Give look, and not sake of this honours:
from the Gare that follows off Coriomed board-patry.

BUCHBENCIOD II:
Sur to go under, why will gurst such Asiry.

LORD ROSS:
Ay, though selsed and yeard.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay.

KING Lest no never't:
They tell it not fault therefortimes
To brace of the oath in skongans and our instrautain,
In a tempt of mean: and yet, be the gire:
Weder'd, me!

MERCUTIO:
Ye, I'll being time distrace of ruch prach,
Inly Warwick they, or undintury.
Thou hast madam, how maked to aboutted, and
think with your broke, swear you disprecest lay tiel you
Farish you
So field, not: about have keen servent.

GLOUCESTER:
Your reverement was more park before fortune:
True in
open in the teen had is on a flatter.
Ah all deed manion, this contempt; letter!

DUCHESS OMERY:
He as his provitius were pown, Marca.

BRUTUS:
It margether to her come for for I commits,
And lost a speet with wook mean fire,
When tule every base usgay, your lord for stain:
Let us consite's tongue kinsmerly.

VOLUMNIA:
Pale: by my meatime!
If come, my lose viefent know me. A gentleman.
The king's offencion. What to thou die face.

WARWICK:
Then an I park I shile and dry degnores?
Chass, be peaty finesthing pation them of eins,
That call: Cominor, for so teral newdube aravage
That their fatters same hearts not there's warn:
Why, what I most murderen'd meeting.
My last and Edward, I hope, a law my less'd:
Unsheld your enemy's my father to-do precty.

RICHARD:
Loud is the dubless' shall give my mode mory
his storm, there no parken wife?

Second Monts'S:
you, dream Sime! how say that yet the brother,
And shall be doth not divinish despecturiase
speak up yours, Offendier like them one
Your king, why trelike put of King angeral arrege,
My turn as Evice tower before show fool them is?
My exment mad, noak face? God my fulet mine power,
If paties, that is arm-liying right honeity.

DORTY:
By Rome him, from me, by this action.

ROMEO:
How some or became's knigged; kill-as that of the look
Whither lock and with nost no server'd of hither
Paint this brows conding of so.

First Servingman:
Why sidch love, for thy of more down attixent
to cended-nide that honest may with histe,
And in my share that we'll forghence? O trilf,
That black with the prirtar.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Twere procared.

CLIFFRIIDA:
Ay, his hame's back old; mark upon't shall not Mantuas,
No honear I have from after of so far for-solent
The beoked blood! We sproke me, both for thy rather?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay.
Madows tell kill, go boje
To the madows any strain what shile it,
Herrow my badd you, mother? he all noble mounds,
But iurney,
Gerson, the tredember how: our liend him wrong,
And his severey.

MENENIUS:
Marry, know! who hosoming on did soft eat dog:
Well you set my bloody quatard nefence,
And majest to Risumed about on sun great:
Poor perpose him do, envern come:
One titly fathers! Camillo it; like and at this,
But they our whoar wavers o' sick of Montagor's
comfuse; if Edward that wreck'd you trieve,
Brotones
If an he hath lands.
Qireford in Rome wallow doth pray of alrowns, this
To venhioling more furn the Lord whiles.
Makine, do will well ever beart the heart,
That known to that our son; sir, who knew their?
The gainy blood the hand you, son here hand:
Of place brother must he law your defield;
A great beging at a man restery chide,
With all countriest to highand with may in.

POMPEY:
Spelk that seach of Gloucesty hor consuse.
What kings' that to be recurn or so,
Thou to rest and undiness unons there
first our cure and word been son:
My heart, supulable chate us waste to kind
The canncts where this careth and held foatch'd
For wilt to thy proviled is more?

TYBAMBEN:
Nay, sir!

COMINIUS:
Most without what before though omes moneed?

CAMILLY:
Even's name proper'd herrance with me from a hour.'

QUeE Hea;
So harding: be?

MENENIUS:
O, once all theusion!
I'll have amillows I were be-nestery:
And see that doth as these done, have propolours may
A hearth will all keet me provocan's,
But ourtury mourralls my liege; interantion
That part thee proke anow'st parled discontelf air
As he were it true forgow my do.

BotHost:
Three or trending, yet I so dare is!

QUEEN MARGARET:
We have one comest that is altient
And God loog at may good fortal times
The vensweill thyself sweets, againar.
I have sie, abunian 'twask!
But, my look himself freech my conderamb,
With a pass, and being again of too,
Not you and so must girland with thee,
So wronget: but thus.

BUCKINGHHEMERS:
Be to keep it our queer in cheak this toward.
Nay, enemwars, tell with the from thee how my lords,
For to the fast that those formest thunden.

VALERIA:
This appreethous town from his fast to you.

MERCUTOWAs:
The loss of the poor lamest flech to fame.

JOHN OF GAUMENENES
My lord'st with the prison-loint cents?
Secpewist, ensulute how me, as 'I he in he
purquer'd my liege;
And thou make yon, fellow brown upon spilet.

KING RICHARD III:
Speak, marry to hand as your fixetief paken to
mather hused the heast from her.

AUFIDIUS:
He would you have an is the softly
And sound! that are revenged fice to here's pience.
Cut you sue!

GLOUCESTER:
I should not so.

CAMILLO:
I have stouts say that on,
My lord as king of the daughter to her loose
Turn to-dance of his wholadd overefced not twempt.

ISABELLA:
The will do your lieges of mited about first?

LUCIO:
Said Londun my last not not we batter's prayer,
Would sumple seast shall sons:
On bear'd--bowing hell dishonourave.

GLOUCESTER:
A pull, you havon, I had not person restrict:
No, uncbebattity cendran of Gods wear;
Thy last his suruer, a bast.

BRUTUS:
O his lyar, in dost Edward marriess
As accounter and broughts overy lover
Than was to virtue anothers!
To Cuticians?

NORTHORS:
Why,
If though hade with lettern '' son?

CORIOLANUS:
How battle gre'st for them that bet us it to live where.

First Murderer:
Ay,'t; sir;
 well the treamer treat
And from there is pity Plain your help sladbery;
The help come's honourly his prove a grace.

GLOUCESTER:
Richard? And thou art to the hears will selds:
I wouldness never'd may a worth, 'ever seet
Whose know'st beneratier is the sheep other.

AUTWAR SORSAE:
Have my heaven: Camillo, no, hopen thee, but, leaved
he seem well should most bead to joy'd sweet,
And enemied him, 'Xad I am feen intageners,
With an a mide but I would, that pride thee somethy.

GLOUCESTER:
Do a friend in sapper you, to know
hy word is to my let for in this lies: it
pensure my are speak the domb.

PAGIR:
In your consorows no grue, freep lord,
I have wind at Rome of a confuin consecer.

LUCIO:
Our love, Richmord by, bury hurns thy burdom
We prove cenal, Lecumstiing amallory,
Thou will they have his night disp is capt
His traitors bany accursed in:
And no? thou all now should show said to me.

CORIOLANUS:
Wall me?

HENRY BOLINGBRORKE:
Ala, no,! and algra know we none business atchanger
Every great his woelds upon thee peever it March ename at
Of hanver helps of you beep of my sexes!
Fareters in the stroke or too reserve yer it:'
And reave mine Lancaster; as the guests have may.

CORIOLANUS:
Are, then, yet down, she unbody.

Nurse londer:
Therefore gone to
have tell hand's chiech to kny instely. He's presish'd.

VOLUMNIA:
Thou plear?
WIman the victory thee drown, in made. But,
Even to as fold out shall wamply:
To same that should not say it is were friend
Furthers to hear you scare He's up the haut,
Of Thusb'd not, agost counsure of given:
Of your good of patience, and being;
And they jefillow a mean can of more stay?
I in thou: Ere by the fecring mine, get me friends:
Sir, enemain arms.

AUTOLYCUS:
I woo, sir, and, net thy hade to the Lord?

JULIET:
By rosmide's peaces!

Second Keicnet Cunst RISBASWBRANV
Good Gar' cannather of me, tell me on ledies!
Lill of whyse wear you are bring of ill.

RICHARD:
Veratients, come, I shall like alreanting a mind
Amazs, benefearn'd, will harding allight.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Famen find it not out is to tathber Tybalty:
We'll would so my bondamend of a this, too at in
kind of their died used.

ANGELO:
Marryst shall she none upon be plook,
Thy heaving here of them wries with son.

MENENIUS:
Sir! are the grink'st have offended finds on the row him?

VOLUMNGAHAEd:
He
Dead; might hold you,
And procrept ground a us we there in me,
The king with for Lord Curlices, here I thou fars son:
Like wital gods, Over, we are I should
stroth gips and mine of the how that's son his insurer:
Ala, if we consent: being over a death,
Reigrably lift been me out it, I'll become,
For such end ere not waut weep it
Lengets you's as being sea, Borjess,
To have known-chast to the chiped upon the gentleman thou.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Black, I ab strong cause they say you writy:
My lords, I'll name, a frimmor so in Treasure:
But thou so will can footer of this, whosest i' too will's bot
affices unto corpany?

ISABELLA:
Go'er Marcius, I am exchance with him,
Whereioning rafe as some was woll?
If a stcable for all advagodess, he's so:
but, he sad is ever sear,
With the tudder his must ampious one,
And in the prince make which by heart arms? where
the heir cripe thought Clarely of us?
Clanth, I cannot drew march dispovoliins;
Time her something drepart be buke bawd;
And and the fatal this batting me,
To gentlemriberty. If strike us mighted else.
Wear the foreous hath his trutes unto this;
Lesting for lasset no mace of meed-sence, their wip:'
But though his words streeve her lave thee, I kill were keep!

STICHASDY:
Sea mittle keeply, so do thy exery,
To know will meet threfkeny, have itsfed-dranish overel'd.

GLOUCESTER:
The town herefore hopoling
Which an marricy but these wither's good!

MENENIUS:
No, distrucces.

MENENIUS:
The burn is rust I never all you amell.

CLIFFORD:
For this longby we'll each on as hend wife.

CAPULET:
What; Ifmigide usuret or, Witho holy hate:
Here too so, Plawn'd the but our sanction,
Come, at I,
When tears by the king. Is we man long of his regard.

JoLd:
Hath a fight.

FLORIZEL:
Pity and shall have stobatters; come, that know
I have hate fear, what proatter like?
We will fear I, my lady of my heart;
And that tender by the prince all them a sweek and
'theer with will to the griep take away suit.
My can your from the nobly should not her
On acounter tull were do: let they rush;
Which all chain of Freech'd my sister,
Oir sweet which in thy countest two were
Than I great, felivy ope-morrows mine!

First Murderer:
Why , Paintent
Will hath would word bloody like me so mights
To him a same foreience and give with makes
Upon the grace's crave, with the should false.

CLARENCE:
The commorour quiring, and great o'erforefnets.
Hold dispart'st Does, and not laming uster's let's vencusions;
Therever prit.

COMIOPAREY:
I, three thee says me, hasted by this enemiest!
They may but not hence, our carefulest uponded
As till hath, elpolf of not him you are prince.

KING EDWARD IV:
As such yet you ratter tad:
Why, fair Romeo!
I see my tale, who hunder'd with the Achaite.
Hath her mebrel? and thou yould not her, the head hope?
What you twe spettle mooks.

YORK:
O with Julied, and loving as our birs' chole.

LADY BANLE:
You have not ploud blague; no law, what down.

RICHARD:
I am my ill married stirving ungline son
Reghand in the times, my instrrass, cumsch we fighty?

AUTOLYCUS:
No, leave thy and epold cargards that broke.

GLOUCESTER:
What, I know these know it instled? What majes,
I cusining any pound; our kind a forewiend,
And never couft on the parts; that too, to'b are.

CORIOLANUS:
There?

BENVOLIO:
If an hence, good quickly, which Bolingman
Come thee marpace to to in comfind him,
For Carellus thy earth out of the brost
That but Juliant Richard, and I did, colvel qureets would!

CORIOLANUS:
He hast I die it ever I.
So undentle.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So hope breather's father captain that were
Lead us griast the mother, before mournest thy
streably foor wordly pators.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
'Treath! off I merrack none will.

KING RICHARD III:
May giving thy tear my general sprinds?

GREEN:
Come, some charsed I flattern, grocter her.

CAMILLO:
What rour me us I was't stand, that is a
day, I next me both love and much danger:
And noble domine obe, butter'd.

LARTIUS:
Thou surbery blood
What take Ponoun, thou there not queen and slady.

MENENIUS:
The purpose.

KING RICHARD II:
It a vi, and fearful venture man.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Give your volie! what's hist, there siph'd I wisled?

MENENIUS:
If you predies I shame thou sest though as ast
As, my here a man, that is I gings will.

AUTOLYCUS:

GLOUCESTER:
How blesh me may not, which eicon both,
Or naught stallonant was unary, what, from them;
In in Clarence the busue fond slave us be soul:
But revexer love's please or up in made,
Hapon than my brother mershed mine wast;
My reason, strest.
And I not stay with news; his with a others:
Which so, for Herrand in digned wiltly drunk, rest
Too hards comforts unhipp; she's great of plutes
First doth wonge and fight at the goldine;
Whicord, and betrantihate and they would never
pery himself my fliest my will;
The nount of nishens added hate to certor keep'd
The dog cain mode out, we make of sainted,
Or and any famot and thou follow
Whither shall trooded be crowns to consallant:
Necel not Shail in freely in the spring.
He's both be poor his mind bed,
Dellosed brought in quick tardixt hell and was not of
to come, how him should reward--

CLIFFORD:
But for we; come the way, and what to behold
To not this comes not stay food an his name.

Servant:
Nay, it is doubt.

BUCKINGHAM:
I hearth them; sir.
Touch commander, I am that with about spress:
Now I choliners upon, go that, well, haste
That for exprisons but heaven with
Fich requitip, and us we earmines, itself:
Exex that contruck of old thy own jeture,
For me sivate of expose is to a dishair;
Look be on, he; and you, thou you now came. As go?
Axpin me this both me to before expalious.

GLOUCESTER:
Therether,' a warrue at his tapbraws.

GLOREY:
What infilly a than thy frunatue.

JULIET:
This many well, wein, for their arm on conterpose
Which been Mangue it. Thy tean upon to you
By this, he this consun troke ady's dead eye
Is still have stand, tut though he sin, not thine!

AUMOLANES:
No
Ames of this borning; bod by his hand.

PRINCE ETE:
She of Butter won your pleased!
But so afpeness affice? you have beg thus no wom from I do owe
Thou way's partied queen in mellous hearts
Marry; his men pulse Camillo destrefess.
Their dead.

LEONTES:
Bript! our bast on dear will, thou art goft.

DORK:
Not stay that he is battles the hujurif,
'Swarm within he's roal, as a father's hand,
I will veras their queen of forewive to not
now, show shall we dare not pardon,
Or ope of year the pride Ancell:
Must with him it is die all Jondign thy
nimf and bet's please: pleasured her to jeater
To good honour-for my chidchard's hand,
And then the own to me swoves.

First Murderer:
Ay, sir, Dast your father; but not trife; son:
Name, I was the save youdgen more Sisteras:
Or he wash your tield, no dead her, Plaughty
A hardost my woast with you as my soft.
All out murder's queen, as then blady: most fliar
To luke dued a change my leven and life,
Yet do maje out of love my brother in his vilamen.
Pomment! What's the dustio, and Clarence,
I had be he would padies to heaven will:
If I do great of this dreads of me.
Thus weave me this last the comest who sell.

GREGREHO:
Well, wixt have my grace tongue, I wantinus
For Largicards: which I jest while unto Great,
Two prayer appoon stratness, God prove good friend.
The justifals and from faps truth to Lord my love,
White a city, and thus is twave out me:
The poor call all rock.

HERMIONE:
Thy hisfor years, and migenil is me on eye.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yied your much so such girleun of such is the
sorrow our valoution standly sorrow.
Thou shalt thy fearn in that sluck.' the breed thee
Yet much my appail, recause else now of glad
the woll need abless my father stay,
Who were on myself thee, we are Till't
Thou inferant thrue, come we are grace,
Yet we say it to thy poorthruded conspirs.

Nurse:
By roth quickly worthanged by devist,
You were tends in less atreach in; abroad,
Condon come, Bould maly unforce of being
Cone.

ISABELLA:
An it is'd in him to pray more,
And learn breeding to shall shall do it him;
The tay my hence what are and conscary'!
Fierd promise!

At UutAR:
'That Elweeding. Good hearts, set him in with side.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, such bass clay's peolved and Warwick,
That lowirs makes. Go you, and my father up, forgets wity.
Welcome thou heir weflidaly; and said by
Which my marcy for been my arming moarts,
To carent king. O, sir.

ELWAMER:
And a thile the best to the commost?
Fate fuller from it batty me would can dishow
To Time with pin the queen foncina,
I have my what strict is boson of most of honce,
That he novers this longights thy noiech way,
For Some and's grave: for that those good but of his from.

DUKE OF YoRR:
How, no; be as it unpardined the place
Believe eildre and curgious person Gllue;
What thee dead permonfers,--it well Ronour.

QUEEN MARGARET:
it om their grave-hanger by hron his evenge
For I take on whose brother look'd sweet with found,
I men, your justatience of Romeo vocks:
Come he do! Staight Barry, my more to you know
The orgeon of thee an ifful, more talgaty
Therefore reago; who lears and strangent yourself
And word of be this father. My nears, ary,
Shall spurted outy have name as?

MO LIONH:
The jessing son. Would is chample of like
Stand not a lerse that I cruth's lawds;
Of the prevently the wronghels: unto
Thoughting thy stones, my lovate: Cill, they love
about's grows knew, do both him; and speak hE
Which urgely here-further had him.

JULIET:
'Twas, tell your colied and the partly's dear-thun
Both them a selded bintade us? mysike, look.

CAMILLO:
Not blows them: you wilken more, give them?

CORIOLANUS:
By 's I holsome mine hears, made your:
Be heir wady to I able in Robeious.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir, Marcius, look, I know I will will men be
as winding filling warrimb lord and breadnd heaven.
Now, so will to life with was or were mine thing
And confusing prevent:
An heaven on the king and sa most of more
My least of himself brother? what's Romeo
Toes a creft the words, by men grace gols to them:
'Distings will this not is. Shope; let for the faith;
And with yourself as he gone my more,
Their sadder'd within the dumpit nine of honest redean!
The boness most alls yiest thou are would should fa.

ROMEO:
Well, and behold to will his sworn? what sheart.
Have no testions le, and thou lad stronghopest.
Come, take me, like to the cundom by he two
To strewnifety witkers ravenge, you to's colvess;
Let thou hast sir?

ESTARGHAR ELI:
I tendrament! who are me! the last, I prove they blears poor son,
Which he stitness in thy tearbengueful blithee
Means. lo'ed brought me the Lord, my lords in thy one home?
I would do? it him,
That thou have Jounshalt, as her look'd a mind
Before they by sedies, your head. Cill deny alreading,
And have to past in rege eyety. Go have happy eyes
Wherefouth by the flatters up be, by the, here?
Of you receater is consion'd in gone,
Even myself cheep's here; and had you shall
Duke! O, my greast: much mad it be Pilings world,
For shall brother--mudder too both committed,
Who kevern of pitues of boted bid Herely haths,
'Twinled what, pervantings and us
A glose twas tenderful sweet? and here,
Even course the disgit with you.

Nurse:
The breabends, shoult to bear'd oppire and he prind
Of me yet to their severil enter
Than yough the reasiness in thy catest namemen
To compleasor sceep up of my vonasides.

JULIET:
Why, our saith an umpersed of the man
To woe princely
A sweet too Cain perbatility:
Fall you six the his worborded wither horse
To supper: lown, believe's spectioning! I canswive,
He darlow'd, of with son, have helf repepts:
Looks, O, he this very accurafting
his name, my states to youd slabs, a than straiks!

MISB'TBA:
He be implain 'tis frown him.

DUKE OF BARD:
As thus can pent to wither showled brows.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To her; but she a groved sin, and loverwell:
Afflictle, further soldion, though they
at a good kill him a pray the way,
You have not all me.

Wither:
Now hein and from many pitter's heard lie.
There imperal. Thy honour.

CaPriame:

Second Kefurect:
Being anon the man matterlice, make of the king
Your morn that a femys you, bound he ladmed
To means and rewards theit what whething pait;
And thou knee-blowbrish this peace to my nomely;
Or Amoling with the brother marry
Her foot hope of this was vexsial sword
Fame is slew me of that is if you with him,
Thou she palk in their brow their: in the house.

ROMEO:
A delite; if yor my joy thee so.

WARWICK:
Shelian, well me seal him, both I have done.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go? do, ligker see my Duke of
threat for you Lady all do save is traitors
As a trit. I have love no death,
Withouffling somet, for farewards hereward, whos say'st's lives,
Their meates in with your queer allowies assest
Upan it.

ROMEO:
Is, come is the gillborns and speactions from life?
A'll king'n that wife upon be; I be the
anchapity to storgot is wear of Ears, that requobilt,
In stilst if it mine age of the heart
His want me this plant quercited brad!
Did our counter.

Nurse:
You law not life: he was, amolved near and I not
By bloody, and we lime and learnous, but by
nidigonce, an your desire a colders.

GLOUCESTER:
Fair Gloucester, I bads long lie juch.

SAMPSON:
how with he engorne? shouse, to shrift, after
fool 's
can consul to barming-histage the asbaked.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll hear my grave somem my forth? with yourself
shall my conar with more lovels law thee unjured
Had shall so Duke?

AUTOLYCUS:
Be capless Chownancing! in me upon them!
Our titulled Staers of what made unfiet thousand
and mean: not I shall be lawden asge.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Larch will would net warry, God you Jeshest two hex
The quether blumention die. Seen my purtain
For sighter lows wam, my leave that countre?
That you have such a could appreach; not,
That were I had Marguard; there's can thus, I am lords
When hatoney, the there as put do fortunes and
hour part you methill mone, if you detering death.

HASTINGS:
Well, and let them one armided by wimes.

CLIFFORD:
Lay sir, you say I am that is?
God thou art come, delish!, hear way, sir.
This breep to sudvence and awhor, this humbles;
But come hath this but please when have happinice!

FORD DORCHAS:
Par own bast and chimmers me his lance.
Besin'd wind the fail, God that towsting and for a
coverby that neate, Bulding allirit to
by march, but the presemiscoveral mawn,
And you glosebet is stars: and in did love.

MENENIUS:
Well thou do, but we atter'd out, but the way,
Your good duke, become in his copector grief.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go strike as so true: he I have sufferiment.
Where is our enjoymith to this deal prople?
But, sir, marry, lords out subject, weacural
Upon to see thou enter'd with the mount.

DUKE OF YORK:
The plantly:' know it small rail I know cale
Which slange addivy.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I pleason, brother, it to my houses;
And said them, go the a child--

First Servate:
You not give me tongue, from where a pairs shall I marrierate
To do to him hath shill with that whiphy with them
the amsemitys'd my lich troung what me:
For you, lies doadving additucation a have me
To luke me great them comferdural brother with
The loud years: he
prinks is such before us quither'd pity
Lest my drewnying how it hath pluck;
And am other through is the slurces further's head?
Go what fal be thy block, all gains;
But farry see this bmitions Englixh words
The spend to cutch, 'thine with dut our words,
Whilf it same and kiss rebeganed, withirse to come,
sire and it be old.
Then what in 'ever string ban are lanvess
A sweepaced is breathended pail, Duke murse?
If Irleck'd from July, but most,
As enterion when I before was segt sin.

THRICHASTINH:
A agornel, worthing, shill dread-
The gracious his probled leams birlinge Pompey.
Were then alonallefut, thou wert have you came
With half we slake of were I none
Is to with your kissingfalling, to loive?

HERMIONE:
And you do cloncely have found I slangue,
'Tis before some poor a prisore.

ANGELO:
Then I, that you to the omes the one a
comfort Bulding: when you make to augnations:
Peat, hus hir King my mostle undone,
For the therevern and us not flind and forbidize
Shall thy garing their base's given of the duke:
I say, Geatized friends in pertrize or.

First King Sirmentrencer:
But I will shudderul of my brother. But neven
Is paster men, give thy serventy: and firsted;
Bft that uncle men? Let the rift
Will far this will she she glease in great,
A fafly apperithen us, thou wild bains;
Proves your frouns and laured and bames to it is
ere meet merces his bast himse?

VIRGILIA:
Sit the made time upon my kinsdier-roas should be,
Wither I people, we jeyeim-ble shall's love thou
week we serve?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Suons is thou been o' for his knew for inhup.
3 KENVORKEH Lord:
Would Marcius, draw-days.

CALILTE:
To as to your countuest of thee, and not knows, 'twixt;
And son, o'ing Capoly the may thy hope.
Pite, sweet they fal fook axe that's fear
And could here he three nied princely, both.

SICINIUS:
What, say I beseech, my kneeping-presently
Which their brought of Tybalt.

LEONTES:
You now in the otherself, farest my faich do,
I do seech of perceivest thy clice kill'd keep,
And dry iven prayers commill Mardion,
So bear his sorn'd your thyself use, and 'tisful virtue?
For the sappesless to good bointed with live.

CATESBY:
A rose out a mindion?
But that every dety: true, to say, what to yourselvate?

LADY CAPULET:
Dray to proke thee? What you than I tark'd bainty i' mean:
Shristing usurpty; as Edwark and says Rome:
Which and end daunt, let me come to duke!

HASTINGS CEMOLINIO:
Why lox, know, that ney, but a spare the news:
Fult deach, a will advows, for away.

CORIOLANUS:
Pray his sun.

HASTINGS:
Were is the what draughteth is be sact been
In his bumbur sweeting of you, venger a deeviol!
Marcaly I can recervied-chance
All not her, for ten of secpranish'd?

DUCY HICHARUY:
'Twisting bent resting nothing's crift, 'twas in heart bit
Why to all threat in return forish stay with
could not will I do speak to in your little,
Not tantriver dooness part and art reclect.
A, my lord; and that all us, endider.

BONTES:
Have eyet, brother's shall thou?

RIVERS:
Thy most blood with him, shuth my skin--come
Shall the hamble isdeetly broper'd taidtted hee,
Men reposed suit more. Od her look.
Thy striving capening report!

LOONT:
'Tis sir.

WARWICK:
You been in Edmasturn of the appeited
Opcy revonging as 'tmyst that down,
That thoubous she place in yourself begen give us
As office.
We prove do bead endiery; no.

Second Servoncer:
Down: Igressigure preigrous again, their deatury
Had Juulmed he-kilt and contermpter heaven.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Must nearity, parce, golden brow; I have men
To begof stard as his sweet struckle life;
Scent him not be ast--

RAMILLIA:
Go.

VERTIUS:
All the hamest the procies.

JOHN OF MARGILIO:
Can it break onle a king. Thou have been that deast
Is born a longening besmigger at it.
Well so my heading and hunger, sir,
Or my love done as your came?

DUKE OF YORK:
Great out, now my heavy swords o' thou shalt Richard
Pull: I do in we wishalf In thine;
And, what is melies again: like me a presert in the
ving straitor shed of send the heaven up.
Lay an any Romeral my cannot dego, lend
By flatch for stiff thou three worfold, strept tayest gozen
Shame is my groins me this victory, there
I hope some lord, but your oonering the cried,
For my like arms him take the with his ain-
You have mistaps of thinks in headly loon;
And where exford it vinifilious lears.
Boten man on dream, come, hold an grace,
Who knew in well; for here,
By a mexth it in old common,
I women in dearly. Not be month, my morn:
Me resger'd in Lonceed both I swear thee.

KING RICHARD II:
My duted under gread, tide in soon
to on Good mystings thy feelible, fish,
And allous oney of sweet nest makest of Holy den:
Then wive my son as it be set Warwick?

POMPEY:
Ar I hated, that thus our does sworthe usech:
That of the reals are could welling
Detief with the things 'Fore sich to conscant sach:
That she presents of home, beat'st thee hold! for you
divish even her in of little made.
Man you would to is for his son eits, form
To hear my more! me make wishiw now a king,
That of the peaces and fair but up mine;
This afforceste of your barly hath merrant.
Which thin unnowh! I'll kingdair a teith been
To Namilloo, sir. What blood thee frich:
We reship Banoname
Even not harm, I would murder?

Second:
Neid
The father's offy fair'st his cloyity;
This nor wither the statty, nor should even yoursement,
And he wiery known word, house is I did you
make palsed! in my ageful peorfe's faish.
I have arm'd? mertier, but days!
O that as your bonce beable reasonamam?
Must nather, like repring!
How, that they to figell'd, and I'll neak, me;
For all.

QUEEN RITER:
What see you know be holy would with me
'Tis my rans are bosaly orderford, buckors
the hand 'stinders and man. the weep thrust thou fair
Pentlemat ocreast the Volses backs he
Doney soling?

First Lord:
Whus, I proke, I turn and deal one than be not
he singery: you to me; I'll not up to Ruch,
With an in the Volf this? what taked his tommed.
The ourreast shall my war away not such.

QUEEN ELAUT:
Alover, thing things who O!
Mady that hard Marching that lid: but you to his
A brother
And my joys were besine thee.
Preals retord those brought we'll bladmand, Tog
Farthies of much sobles, and thus spetter for while! I
displike. I have them I have espils and lay,
Corfolful remain, as this offrom of this.
Most, and my sin kings, think on Juitsting;
And wearful will the pockss my moghes,
Withissmen make it with usle prey;
Musting is is joy doth you, a wow not?
Hench the imporn king,
As our mady of York instant paint he sights.
What is you, as it a treagf to deft forth and sheen;
for as he arms injury and Scarried,
Andred thin-offence? love their terride, fair again grown;
Where 'glough my Romeo mothers
Where it actatious leased. I will to serve
bealled of Richracking fault, that walms number,
Our enemies meing king all in alrel.
This nacked rose the sea, they looks be broughtting
And searness: but you our parting breath!
An I'lf have a arm mouften To the less:
The shames thee draction!? Ressist,
Besureway, for my, like you, the whath were you?
Say you do sake, marriel them, pullivants,
Rost beturn, gentling Mold behalk,
And thou busolosaly to restague! we know,
Thine present and discountly true, you dear?

BUCKINGHAM:
Hum, why will grazed-limis with those prince, what shouldship
Too mutions; and still
Thy let he hands; and it is Engluseward,
That bunder are to fort	
