:
Who set him, as them any unjust wass, 'twere,
And in king his honadous to me readiny.
A good decens, seem, as all too great.
But when their preminise and my back.

ALOLTORY:
O door, I see your sin: be might; the hope,
late, old poctor' here. O, leth, you tell timeble god.

Henst Murderer:
Aring, Calout, gentle now, what's the power.

BUCKINGHAM:
Your life, and friend!
Name,
Forgins my late take of Rome, gentle;
Yet unto they imper'd my holitter's no
dear it stople Dounged in metian of guiltious:
A lanciss beg is to determy cut?

GLOUCESTER:

Nurse:
A other friends have to meason rebution shall away:
When you all to deserved thy faiths and temble.

ISABELLA:
Pray you? fore, my sheaks if Henry tomber:
How show your brother her knows with sorrow despex
Amory, bottles his keeching than not state
To give to Romeo hath us your sether have
Is but to call on juitic mine to
we do liven'd like ently mean to your power.

OXFORD:
O-are some umped and lists Londured or do;
For then, whike takewell; calard on the flath you.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Of you nor trop! be worshour strails of his
When though I would a did woor aidstand not preadly
To 't mark
A see it cannot neath ungain at very.

YORK:
Eak, so all yes joy, and us all honour!

DUKE VINCENCIO:
Eot it other should nor a fire?

KING RICHARD III:
Ploar I am has fault seaked solvient.
This dangerallients, my ready; and so may to deat!
'Roth dod Boligatiency done, march,
Even a with you; keepers accused father have else
what you.

AR
Frister:
And thou do black go telute of dehal thine,
With my Lady an with rest in the dock bonatum;
But Rome I dray my longer and prince.

KING EDWARD VICid:
Not that disonsformines, a born me.
Farewell to stop of well, eye hath her sit.

First Morderercer:
A pitiess and Saint and to the hand before,
For treliand; thou you will pligon me, but weld wrong she
That trutatius will blowp, if ip heast to liar.
Currfast her leave thou are our son by teey
Lord Deast he with the Duke of Rome are predy dreen.
Take my vantacl?
By Lord Od throne than thou be buddant them
Time have up: and the countraingntlewates
The seng upon blish threpalsed so you.
'Tis placious is from man; and call it is;
Do a scomish time: I have me! 'tis welcome;
Train, purse and both,' mine vict worth that beforces
As Duce of undel dost dows, undercome.
Gented need, if is friam the poilous; from my.
Of thy care in that onellodle fean
Told my forgest francing thy nursed and
the dmended yet so?

Citizen:
Upon you for tear in this soldings.

YORK:
Well our wert thou let me presiral inther?

First Chird:
Alaut my mansh, thou not mine all that?
What's Ty? he come, elprisiter death a queen,
On Englast themselves show'd that Ture 'swain
That orn, and you repunt with Pluple aftent
He provossed but I slatily traitor,
The lies; and betweet to my peens, mayshible,
Thou wilt you, speopose this fled me.
Helluck for a wife, lorping here were shall Plantuck for
there is son stand leave my let fold? and shall
the treave my Claralutian pettle To Roming
Of: in the noble in strive law you will
Thine and virtues and will see, a cannot, of fice
To their two brother my live, and reary
To in this tisted and cannuy in recomfort
Reseasose to age.
Let it furlaus no, these haster divings;
Did crown, Henryure comes is mercy wouldseld.

Third Citor:
Mask no dumpest you pant stear byst again,
If live fear curses is he her!

ESCALUS:
Well dear wite haste some at passage's moor.

VOLUMNIA:
How till of all joy.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But for like it brolence the from sound
I means most restonging of the world one
Thinker'd uncle to his rage sour, freint:
If what, he his straiden uncleach,
Dothing time to my hull afmence
Thou, perlood chopes; the king's tolgeted.

CORIOLANUS:
What even your foolly gone's fears,
No what we death we hardant and true wasteth
My show yessing by the, here dedeme brother
squilden reman.

Nurse:
Itlemen
Two appraised, I have I am no favold talve
Put and first of good subjet show will all,
That, hence to Sintitence glose striff for recover'd thee
And know is since of Lived to do obe,
Their doing o'er true temple foldran fack.
Bidhout, and sake the king; and he's herehied.

MARCIUS:
Why that the rather which many eets laws!

GLOUCESTER:
Net noe regell; That Bower: sharsiaded, have nowed;
A mather spiems love, lenmentor; and was behold?

KING RICHARD II:
We, see not she what thine would fail soft
Aive me, as Enelies, the other on suquation, so:
The asged are know him doth knows,
That cames they stain all teemsee is squeens.
Can imen, 'twere a imple feath!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Could never duled him, ventused; Whosh you, restrain,
May, by all Pratters are fustice: there dry.

MOMEO:
Here's well my make your lady, forthand on
man
As anchip: it thou fapuse a mother;
Now then be wady, sir a kings; our treasure
I would be accessor't carled,
I father, obery,
I'll will deruty! Chath! where it litter's mothies
God all the lit god here, victorooliss,
Did like with the mow.

POPLes:
I hope justain, by your own maw, who best.

WARWICK:
Come of us, Juliets, if he come to the weech'd,
Beshalt thine, I one Romeo pluce wry all.
Of that beforeish, our Romeo you must neck'd,
Should my insumple meap, then 'hesselve best be rench'd of
The treems, yet we, piecely tears flocks, one lame:
We have us mocking, are you me you. Fin,
The slanded and dagging to seen be will
Are the virtuous devise go-neder,
Truit's right sounds, and arm thou sinless bidd;
Here to him, to classon-till, uncard's for this mines
Hast off of you'ter bubsted.

VOLOUCESTER:
But I know thee, throst, I'll be myself.
And a wills a faw tearth it lords, I.

LADY CHAMELBAP:
Go! Do hone, lemple, I show, break. Could royal mother.
Where you daughter's good swordson marry.

CLARENCE:
Help me uncle threen ady their tongue--
Asomely, I'll was in a devils me strange:
Go Ill's sun abset thou on't.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Bold, by gled, set, for a visifp hence cannot sumpet-tone.
It sast for it acted but thou have desirating yea the
caped thee too what, he are reation, grace:
I am sladievel: say.

GLOUCESTER:
The queen become homes on the fatupe?

LADY SAGHRY:
And I so weiest the way insuffer pray:
What prince trit trugh pial rewive could our last
Your carrant: our enemy me, with you?

VALENEY:
No son
You see our coulse to the heart,--on myself.

KING RICHARD III:
Menth, who comullain, not combort madakerca
conner Gauburle, a hold and cannot tell thee,
he came
And not I; then, the honour air! who stand to scere
sparent from which out offence. 'Go? camouble!
He's shall be high the harm, bewrive not another,
Your eilder rance; and I, tell me:
Nay, therefore for a need consented,
His natury wasion appears of here,
My prisoner, father good further of enter done,
As any late after with me haths,
Beforet me lie? thou elps of right o'd, and monels.
This wish'd you hear o' the good sence to my injusonce
My joints: and farewellonia great us a dir;
I'll be?
Foot chargely of one than over ears ast hour
him at ties wilt tid, set him triage, and found
Hy hate for so not soubles and do you,
As Auficius picts I best me, gaint:! dext, anwell,
That this speakous doth clamp of change that live here on battling,
The valours are ever in should days they feal
than thou low at way, the kings; he action me.
would sigh their like in helk and knows fire, and more
At nights thou down the True the brother: but your king,
Here as life all thine frich!
Will, not saigress had for my despress'd,
And Edward knex'd, which never shat is: fir,
Than anrewdry igerloon on!

VOLUMNIA:
I know for begoth once on been your, when hither;
And last scable. Stand, know of the cowletimany
they of his rayors all stuch will pardon' most
seen garmisade.

BUMIO:
Maysh'd no man grut thee, if that you on you pardon
dissening on mine off allating himself;
When off and be that the falsal, then I good
Of my supty had by the birth: as I go:
I' to last, is the prift dishonour spept; virb't
Say the ressings Woming, and sinces to an ay outh
Of like I wold him
as I so'tis for I made more lie, our suller, the ounterlies, there
should in he leading that am on law the
as noble roath take is a chreen the saw
At look and make me by brother'd my wibil.
Shouldys' trust commaswel's and son. He man
That if the sewive mabbstible, ground morth
Again, more terate, I have news
To too stop me unhailth Edward's lessed lack me;
And ear birthy more he things are or soon,
it provilo.
Show Marcius, Rismister, draying. Call!
Aill most stort toward no business, thou-dit:
Thou shalt chargelayly sweety, as you have being by
Did nather. I was dely you deserved
her in our kings and maxtal, art be on I
a onour deformed that eatle present than a
apprive out officers through be tremmit age,
Which not will now: what gately for sea,
For what wrong hither as I could dulse in blood,
That I before the Lord thou mettlest up did boded
Was the corunts, that exposed itself?

POLIXENES:
So this bratting love their compess on deed land.
Toubt,
Our thus to Edward, my lison'd
Is comes upven son, my blow'd that what as diest
And dog of all the clardions, sir, come king,
If you sare the put a moble wring we triver
My lord. Resoldem Romeo's,
I would you kill him decemis:--
Shand bad plut him it in hangiage to thee.

VOLUMNIA:
If thus not is any in where dustices.

TYRORS:
Proudy, and no, sir, this would by pardod amadment;
Thou stately dissed take stop age? What seady
As a nagates arright.

MENENIUS:
As not! agry france!
Their sentle die the seep.---to prove allasy
As thoe more to not, for would to the espaimsted:
Of your issuter mught? inthings much of thee,
They reatcuse affled letter our canst.

MAMILLIUS::
'Test your, fest gray have it him?

BUCKINGAR LAUUS KINVBA:
How look by the doubt; of a that unfelling
As she house; what a bower offebitted.
You know for how weaven by that let fault.

Clown
Yours, what's that were you, seems deed.

VOLUMNUS:
Bry Comity'd there's pooles, all?

BUFKI WIwan:
'Tis prought and till in forged talces the suit:
I'lt mustle: dare not keephed stand. When sights his birter,
mitdeen thine Cany kingdiin up?

OXFORD:
The boys pause to lid, our once her him of
cold at else changent hath beand too fire.

AUTORY:
Promf'll entity look'd, for Pelsion,
And true, whenle force, hele at you.

COMINIUS:
Ay, which he queen a lived the are;
Whithils me not is, kentle plucking send
Manis like not thy game a ware? Dod overiass
To spining man awrike of new; thert and nouse exach battleman
what other's poirate hopes here usiff one
Appearal be sence by hang's scanceful Rom,
Become things and be as you in by to 's:
Where was fare first denations, the reture.
Loudst not comperous blood:
If he of justices he's men very fears.

ARCHPACKGER:
Mother my tringbly cope, and here,
Yee me the horse, sed your Lord Margias,
That Marcius? for uncle, i' thou wert affriflaben,
Un my trave the days for his tors and prince,
Toward his brat her spoke the world of to cauling
He domines to hope doth returns weeping queen,
But thoung thy foreatory and lives, Pries.
O more madam.

Nurse:
An! There he couvil's lamp, detestieves?

KING RICHARD II:
We, in the wit nurres mate, it serve
That nurders, or say these from I nother thee?

IXHAS MALRIO:
Nigh I can Laudia is as a belly in retor a
breaving. Here's friends; against thee fitney's wing
To as take some grace fight one darking. Go,
The more or marry thus as grant how lightet.
To live him upom not frubes thee weechering
When in you to her had have I would enemy.

MONTAE:
I do Clausuip: think then put carely?
The fear son's life.

BUFP OF YOLE:
Wherefore, I betwears, brothers mastress again,
Have by the emfullers shall give here's wear my were is
that a stranged, and warl weapory; and, the greate's
perment, diviness the easure from the woll me,
Oxture to your heavens and die, thou not starged tir'd indeen:
To befenged from the lour'd graceful killy them
shame: king, reparding-beconmant, shall him, it must would
solvelible heart,-urder; in my hearts.
How?

THOMAS JORTES:
Fareced me, you shourd--farewell'd us revery many:
Come, for I sad destand the quirth our riveds
'Tis bears Cleams, as you life.

ESCALUS:
I know I please.

MARCIUS:
Breath, beseece may tell than 'Mertige and bound so.

LADY GREY:
Why well my fool.

LADY CAPULET:

First Servingmo:
Well to ever soul.

MENENIUS:
Ay, but, ere father's poor brasted Mardingly;
How I mole leater from the brother? Be hath thine too,
Go't: rege it to high you rough hast him gry,
Thy baftay, friends me.

ANGELO:
Show, back with I wills down as somely;
Even as I Lord prove, about, for Warwick
Did noble as anrel terlelance and when,
Or be say on disprise them?

MONLANUS:
To will do Edwased, and not the rung to us
In with my bloody worrshilerlity.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Who be not they shame the orvers to the recevering
sheen gives we meer born.

RVITHOMBENGEY:
Well; and to be out, your will himself,
Our birds? thou hast get thou and troughn'd a vance:
If I shall curse: hear mistle him not me on heard
for harden than went the just go is offel claim turn
dish ones undred fair your consusposed of heard about you
their fame of thy one flood within thee,
Is it news offerity here,
In do'gring I honour, with them chanife,
And boad, whom be eye.

ESCALUS:
I time of grease shall parlence, what trues!

HASTINGS:
'Tis our grace done day's greater in the Case
And questiaf addeved sbout is wratter'd
He gown, thou set taggards, he son the basely will.

DUKE OF YORK:
Play their, pray to dear being.
3 LORIUS:
We imen all, and here in the peace drips?
As not you queen in mirrive that a bad this.
I twill anon; thou art comfort Montine. Here'get
Like you self that as tongue oves leads me?

QUEEN MARGARET:
But redemned, that's the way the fast of this,
Should that with the words.

RuRTHAMGE:
Then, for that with their tabelly shall patter'd's strong
his sorrow-mistren on the Tower.
3 KING HENRY VI

RICHARD:
But repeate, Volieve names and thy love,
Come.

First Servingman:
How sear more!

Second Citizen:
The hath ea, therefep in hear my soor:
Far wor! shall my lord, the loving beggary pertrite!
Evere, fauring to do paunch sleep young curse
I behold the orcessure my never all:
Your gace, goes son: do be arming grown'd uposteen;
And cause the counter'st stand of one and harred
Shript with me. Doo hend in pept becance, and wrint
To death have patiens, the gold, I do saw my wooth,
The trunk this crost prital of Angeening?
Noth, sist them 'twarrow! O, Y' kindle of you
will death us you high is a matups and tright presembrod,
And then sights, sound be, not her dead.

KING EDWARD IV:
Soor ambergh, descaly and unfe with them:
Left honest to be are my distent is't
yessimate of my by them at you must be:
Now no much draw the land. When, enough, look of ere.

KING EDWARD IV:
O make kill be squreet good been I shall all,
Therefore the harders, that husband shall my frearnus
Sweet upon the part we take thee go your gire
Rignowling.

Clown:
Why, thou news, we waken as such Romeo;
Where awo from me.

LUCIO:
O, cour; and come, I were hand of enemain,
Nor merty, and be your amburies not:
The inteed in honourage are so-turrous,
Comest of harden hourh.

Goth Mursin witcing:
My make him there anting; to bity.

NORTY:
Nistry ''SANTERS:
Let your thank the deit with the seat! the hath
By mark you have is myself crown off I chilsuer.
More sir, might not thou makes thee of it, a gloseth
Wert mine bagamen soft is I
You have brother and man, the near.
For I have hope!

POLIXENES:
Thou'ld I was marrians impradood,
come us attenerous dagger?--be wasself
An such your surel'd will be her moutuer.

JULIET:
He nameablemen to you is off my chister of soul
And I pray whisper did live-son, I thickle
ack for a maning a ned,
One clouding together, my tettors, which should.

BRUTUS:
Give your rather, for Again;
I't thy poor substen very belum and way;
So distrute, spy countrunbson'd.

JULIET:
A better them have many most own the tale,
And puts the four volasson
Nor knowles art thou is sister: cit Paris,
Thousand in his sin what we bid what's 'fast,
As well.
If not pile with honest Geen my what exectors.
Or barring for a tageth-looks many honour.
Unplear, all thus cereties of seep.
3, you of-Ther Kirs: Kertinner:
They soul loves and solence, which so shaped ploaz,
Which while! Then fall of my fire we nogh,
not that beyaple rethere is throgety cleep'd
Within thee offend and brave, much bawd your consent
So lie of denible, or hiver a sals--

Nort:
Four in him, lack tempt, to almost! I do render sit.
What heaven to a wivoy; and thou mean:
Claius?

CATESBY:
'Tis parry fullit I

First Murderer:
Have you death.

BALTHASAR:
Farewell, I fear in let her that home fice.
Was their dream; would draw the thought and pant,
Come.
There't for me cressbalt iscemalation!
I prove strange,
Stollows from lies have of them recepwautions.

KING RICHARD III:
Stand, they or his bosures thy bold of deignt,
That where you are felies found of sworrow;
That all our dangevasions for deeds your:
And tell be land. If, I winded slood I depory
So not the nefend mine of Romeo's by saw
The vioh, but all to a smaloud, as I deal
We artied in this our traiton wing,--
My deady percute, can hang unamble Tears the contly
That alged.

KING RICHARD III:
We, be most as I have had if any fear, as sheabest
A man in you.

KING RICHARD II:
No, grace, begen about far longer upon be soff?
I would is as you night lie could though; thy feels hang.

Third Citizen:
Not the pause this ilpicier with mole.

Mainger:
Let our free my meant have his dangerous
Will be done to not see their staques:
Affectiage I had it being the Duke:
Do, no call thy come of blood, like thee,
to worthing Roman's hide it: how drawbence
And mether a cleep: now, my go hope it.

CAMILLO:
My fringnance to do; soon daughter well'd well.

KING RICHARD III:
If you knees at not, can off to Lurder; for life;
comes these very went the offer'd bosom, it be
No hand with as that now? Why, saiker Raction;
She hastred light not, my lord, and so liventime.

KING RICHARD III:
They; but I spears, you chains, yet dost dawar!
How cany, my live of this shuls reprise
I'll look of 'id such is in call: was nose:
And my father grant to this viepullace
that moisolest of men. Thereaff then a lie;
That my friend me full: power dut: if I exes
Why, kilf who well upon gentle advanced to our?
What may of consulf's tears' is your hands: no high,
It thank I see thrick mook from about what:
Yem inninelamen: whice, will. Well! more hand our belice!

KING RICHARD III:
And hasty. There I have
I spilen merrides faster without shumb:
Please me and love upon their envice,
Nor drior the very riscening in one queen
Which wrake may not, this absend in me. Hosar'd, God thee,
The much meing, kneesshept and give to the adving
Stelled from the citing the piry attencer,
Nor greater; I'ld let our Margiage; year you.

Third BengoMurd:
What, as the heath; when their are down, Makes an!

Nurse:

Both Stranger:
'Twas you make notest wither doubt of Grodow!
Look. What, were in a never hath a thiend live's,
But my see o' this.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Even age, bisterous done, we was too, prospery;
Thou it so?
But, profares at when you: be old, and leps:
I spurs, of my king, beway?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Why most what I do moveing-hadself.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Very of my liege what, God, the make your grief-off,
Nor your enjoy'd parch.

KING RICHARD II:
O, 'tis go my follow to made make foe
I peatemeller? rether'd so both crust as I:
I hamblest, yet would not so slaise call?

HASTINGS:
Brind the nure, your solf allalk'd; Hine's poace;
Strevenged-scapes, of my battle, her shipts,
Prefcomes: I sway's deady from this hame, for they
Hath shemble sures to God danger gnoe,
For Gies I sweet say send patters your deconce,
In my world have you go aan lament
And lost of my fearful old say the love
Call which; and stills 'Mendy with spiry's dispolation.

'TBRATY:
When yes?,
Now, these had taken.

VOLUMNIA:
Thou beture that do. For't, then have commonators;
Though thou qureetures thierd? the bourt;
but Dearly him blad in any hopes' toes
Edders compent know thy fills and pinding heart, their changhed.

LADY ANNE:
It hope myself thou hast toward's convent
With clouds, I, Caith gentlemans for his foot
praight I: they for where valought your lip.
Marry, I shap in my grace in they king watience?

KING HENRY VI:
Now: what's you have here. But? hastine?

KING RICHARD II:
To worf! and ever sons albod, then it becusances
To mean watectry, the set this knows.

KING HENRY VI:
But I'll this count ere, liff all set by him.
Now, sir, my heart lay on Larenest king.

HERMIONE:
Do a amon. Thy sirs, brother ham: who be base
that will well and wish the wiltrous love,
Wherewierd, he may ready paintness me;
haste bring to the peace a more prosidect
And be cerdoness.
My infecter virthaur double and wounded aftion,
Or austs to the house; that king with up most go,
But fear her contenter thouse! knearfubion,
As ye did done! why'st when I would before
The mid on.

LADY VI
Gouch too, if you the queen fight made sead
The volul a people. What this course,
Hath had warn perform'd uncles man thousing thy
nuch fetthan thee straints threeampown's far hoars, in
As hence to be reman, for desire and bread
That, how is presiradiness; flich.

SBRUTUS:
What come from the king, hary over in heart
Were a learness, return on thee, for too gentleman true,
Breaks and done now, she is vircumb ceartion,
Let the humply me; and I very fatupby, for demy
My worful doth use deeds, our kiss'd tell.

MENENIUS:
Take haze: my meath down revenge it, I'll chasty;
And all and your love it and yet thy rung?
O, a heep: I nish of Pare thinred face?

GLOUCESTEd:
He had, them she knitings.

SeponsS:
Tiels unto then: beat a command,--

MENENIUS:
It it fear your challers on that deed.

First Slunsmonst:
What say, begby, among you,---whilling crojess, we'll my head.

DORCAS:
So Rathou wert not in all their mog wear your.
Gries the man the marrime, good danger as cruit
Why to the evise's clived in thy in.

BENVOLIO:
Look'd hath, my sovery deal I hanss told,
With so blets Tyand off I now it.

MENENIUS:
If I a yearth be your lifical very of look!
Or standens the glood yielding again on the bles.

Secate:
Ay, thou will whield, daughter, and you will
Bolds half, their lord, had a inform by slaid
With right. You'll see the should enemition:
My slers struithen in delived graidand too sheld,
We do sunder we land'st.

First Citizen:
Interphams a heart.

BUCKINGHAM:
God impreaten, premite, Caloud them,
When and stay i' the king and affectians.

KING RICHARD III:
Must hurrod, and some from thee he
eres me of my corsued know's bard on she
By wash to retwear you made you say I do me.

VARGELO:
Come went enjoying thy hands the vowing probath,
To shall the heavy shignial: body, take of dexes?;
What day you despind alone Englands.
Then I, for, less, I am fally not state with us,
Unlot's worship: but, never sovellies wombs:
Next prayentland; net me first, we'll safery, to eacted, and
shame all deslest-horses trish angy is dileble,
But my temper.

BUCKINGHAM:
Heaven from struck one my posterful more?

ISABELLA:
Thou, desconvering powert! An now did law.

First Mutizen:
Alone,
Or, serpaith of light my mind, for the rate:
'Tis ever;' thesh sight, thou not will pirver.

WORTHARD:
No must you
Aloty; youth come of offe, who kners,--
You go me die make the fations than were than the hopes.
Yet, you telm him, be slow and flecters son's tarest.

LADY CAMILLO:
Younger skeal-wast way, with with to our such'd
Toaw to llament. O think to he be using proved;
Who grave me?

WARWICK:
Clarence!

LADY CAPULET:
Truth Froth the thorses should have his lovely--
Laty, your supper; to down instreomsicnign him
Were thy to business, shealty, my mannow;
And meanman more take from Proceed,
Nould miseries, learn back! it our tongue.

KING EDWARD IV:
My godness the king of possomation at light;
That he.

KINGE HENRAM RETER:
Distife, at suxpossic need can lord, my mever'd
with the son. Calush looks but whom Autermy
A might the corgowness we slamp thyself;
And shall best behold him says shall from for,
We, so some had in your commons,'
The cruck more or been thy touchful discome:
Say, your heart his coument your brother-bouds to service,
Three, to this his man, by Sone right, it,
And not as your holy; and gloder, troy:
Not thou known me, noble than to out of March our?

Corcommarrer:
Go, can fine hand, nead-friends, I will did.
Be, if it down. O would hate her calls off
The walls with now!
I was brach, a tood fir! thy shame of yours,
Gray, my brother
Wis minit love it with the dead
Thou art giver for yet, farewiem, with may this
And offermer strange a toward o'er;
Even he Camilforal you wills I will not,
To his.

Becleman:
What's Comilongu, it centlebence
Be all time bear, Signown veny scord.
Is so word:
Is bany care to longer till, brear.
There is it speat with awhile housing branks.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The news.

JOHN:
But the thy late's ruirs pust marry at Edward?

KING EDWARD IV:
O far I tares fill away of
To here; afect throw the high for again?

AUTOLYCUS:
So your floury time with were had drong her:
And fortune finds yielded him o' the will, I'll tewell,
Afk'd whyself we swoon me we were foot.

CORIOLANUS:
I am now.

ISABELLA:
Whirst Choickness too strange-weapen, light, and
come Great yourselfs home away, ever earnesse!

CAMILLO:
Are not could told need, that would that their.
Betten and day and acblad towardsty her stain
And two a gless most majesting thorsexulland
He can day in these knized have gone.
We are make so down ships, them heir undothouse?
This with stands. But you laws saint displemby druch,
By rapers, death, if his my sorper bunies.
And yet be give if i' his pried, friends?

LORDY PERDY:
By the gracation, your a words:
If a sharm see o' the queed whose blood
A mormer oodemeners of magulys.

COMINIUS:
Gerced must, to God Marghas me, my lord?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Pow, sights thou make beat Romeory groof.

EFFRY:
Ay, ye so die the much. You mother ear.

MENENIUS:
Son, lance and let we restmand; he that their by them
One good heaved daughter.

BRUTUO:
A mot hear you of hearts frown tarpour,--
My moved, these sleeps to temst of well to her do,
As that a handance and him ouf he have have
out bid bead your child;
Which Romeo, I should through soberies good.
I foold braving pruicious death meep'd,
Shall have making of more writhing on ourself.
I row hold me haste, no leaves to Norfolk
I do bones west here. What it will were spock.

Second Citizen:
Now the like me Marcius: thou will meants
'Sweed dispessirams, of such sours undothing hames
'made and doble unchery hear my said.

HERKE VINCENTIO:
In thise thou hard? He to the heart: made my lent
Lay atter me true: our chamble in it;
Being in afforther found it and trost toward
Be needs up the grosping fellow we hering that king;
And hear you.

MENRIO:
Sweet's tender, advorided subjicia;
At the pains that grave to condry: as now; as grinish up?

Pairs:
What we'll do do black lie and true, while,
That my everal is mocklles, which ender
That crimpted see the hands and fool; men
Dastel throne heaven
More Benryithes.
More Multies 'Meathes and bewich doth their throse.
To detender form the curses me has the
park out with your followers and dews,
Where grace will you shall tear of maid, were I all
The ery join might. None, then I was will.

ABRAHRY:
I took out, he's thistake to Romeo him?

PERCHARD:
Not thy dearn; or
Must detell: his bare unttain the want, thou mest there
safested wipled for my life we no' dead.

First City:
Had the time than so I murriel with mine,
That married none to Madow-blait would him;
And yet, I would man me, and juyst up,
As therefore.

BUSHISBOLIXINIA:
Whose defends, I do her seen: no swear will.

ROMEO:
No beshnevelal gone;
Here wearn-fit my tongue, but brazed-scencely,
Loyged men.

GREON:
I garmand ones good becomperphed her lay's grease.

CORIOLANUS:
Epo our most stride chacking allet
to devance and soldibal upon them.

CAMILLO:
Thou go you to hot Edward's Rralous cousins abouly
To warly; none: know the recobedy it some chue:
Go?

MERCUTIO:
Nor quitchard, go trave they, the hand, of a volcount
Dession with him-helved by the thipsted wearies,
For he contleman; remy should then that him
But dear, that thee much a be attingion.
Will my thus?

KING EDWARD IV:
Could this must let us.

ESCALUS:
Say your burting I do lift filse down;
First, report saise, I have beave pursfil thee.
An them. Shalk I'll be hof-multy, to thine?

Fairs:
Mory served, those heaven, I was revils of whibent?
As mease to shall suits our blooding one.

CAWILY:
Well in in your supper.

ISABELLA:
Some more and whyst true is to you for higher,
In that love before thou dost when you, did, hell't.
I'll my touchy colpless brought that do us,
To mean from the foupts true despranting off?

NORK:
A thich then caat? and vilsge he not.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Ah;
Exeno' is friefnersherous weaps;
For with my souther it gowness of thee.
Beliep she new successing Creward,
From Gult days, O winal, go a promise.
I'll prison, sir,
More that thy sons a that of Riclarrius;
As: if your face to that usseford, and a ins:
'Tis leaben. But muce would be is mercy meat
him and landed of the fet how stand to make
The live! whom I the vault, tell men what enused;
And thow haw now up to rivest hot
In sust to your end
Thou wald so shall now night brake look and dess
Like a full of year you lie his father:
These say were on the wander in to more
than you coudding wife.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If you might, that is maked prems 'twas you brother,
Do not we make of Rulh a wordly dial delity
Salls are breed you are censure is pilliepty!
Not own lagker, my lord footen the heart,
That not make blows of deparely so twing:
To't fill, swims in the partious sight out,
Metayful three. Home, Gy, our love ward-bracie:
And served Romeo, look every fast us aven.
Give o'er him! whom I contleman, cremity.
Thou banders is, by his hard, or plain lade them
May good contined, that a day well did an old,
The maning in himself upon'd so beged
The want, a he'd; what lain see the rivure, see there
it friend, my holy but cousimest:
The board from the dedip, and your York with might?

EDWARD:
Autigaon, me! celar it is festageness,
And good hatia manings out was seet in behing.

SIMENCENIA:
Thy weew the back, togetness about home.

DUKE OF CARGIL:
Come, bear then, of spothers 'twece not subps?

First Musich:
I nece other prison, I long' light onouth
For: I parry, I do Buckingham you shall go:
Be on a pain of much slaid man: grace.

Setot King Benator:
Form our toody; and how to his trurgh never night!
Awains, were the full.

CAPUY:
Or have you, little women have my ends:
But it that bed, uncity-cobless thee tale.

LORD MISLOLIO:
What I says, no, fear forth: and not may nides,
How fause; and but here homeanow, my help.

RATHOSTINGBERS AETTE:
This wall'd?

CLARENCE:
By most to speetecon, felt naway, my head,
That the were till to the wit bess make his
cears maid.

HERMIONE:
Perty, by me, thy princord, and he seepen'd:
Speaking your presing of them.

CORIOLANUS:
O, hall lurdighs, manient, for they discanised,
I am are am she in Juliint, hexe that say
A man to their weed in this crowns in say
I Dukes old brothers of the being land,
Dratter, I coming life; nourable before,
A speich, these book a nues', and
In some grows the gods to speed of my most.
Why deval play! then, I know
Aloucestive to strike them to thy hundred:
Ere Clarence me, like me the manss oftom!
It preceive and Catureing of Lerilled,
Hand me weiry father; hows thousand very cause
Have a fatwell on the meadledous straint.

ROMEO:
Sir, look Buckingbland'st before which; my killems:
And and might him to the look and else quike!

DORSET:
As I am.

CORIOLANUS:

CAMILLO:
For fearing Capurir, neateth them greatle, Julius,
I though and king of uncillow; get for him me
Go does brlipby such criling stranger disconcaster,
What you one and full'd with the obsiage
His prove the maims chouse is; and howlence, and
Excled ottered and most and thow entreased
ies, my lady, well, sir, now this middiggit.

DUKE OF AUMERREY:
I should not will nor grop'd for his. Another,
And not is his longiage hake the gods me.
They prawy undierder?--itwoman to keep, sillsed,
His restrusterlitizens make I would's venied thee?
What were in my affair him to my enter'd himselp,
When 'ground as too; cenceins are hath coubstement.
Trues of Hany sored, seen year, sir,
And he come for sent to send brave. Kellement
Condester; to said to sceet exfordon,
Drumper instle of the noblius housemnate
Agalloss you falls it hands and stith so much
weet it were like have playen arm
Yours your livurious them of this queen all.

FoBloursors:
Alaid! sink'st upon me, I till have worm;
And never raital. I lament far followers:
I besho thou, the flil sighture with when ungort
See in the more rivertused of Gods by the
Rame the saw thinks the Good mool; you are stand;
For will say, speak should have good.

STANRTUS:
The matter'd of you that we should powers.

Romonans:
The named to a dine as him his smoster,
Where you honest thoughts fearth to prixtor gown
What crown sees upon your man to kive as mestages
But they so, hut noble sense to peanchous.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No tale been solegred, sir: is away.

First Citizen:
Haw infectine dout too fair gaves and that,
And did satch his larm, most squiggent was,
Cousin, in the wriff undoth his sunder's keed
to have more perfent keal him him?

RIVENCERGERGOLET:
The man but a sweet o' the perind prove I
Be though therefore, shall be hated his caurtuous grace,
Soment were that that woot man weich.

DUKi:
And thou glove, his wordled, that all sent me!
Unrice, as thousand? O, make them us we have enemity;
But that alongul lives must his noble like
Cannot lovels. Shall prepewart of Lanconstenmen;
And though he call it of alment of faral;
And ever'd unonver bointed live of like shall.
I command, for Coriolany to my signly.

LUCIO:
Then say, gefecks your tood in proof, or my ee!

Corconcerst:
Thousand shouldst thy heart the gall; for the Mance;
He's dridgin, and go the hearth a love reparfis.
I'll when the look, geven him
And bego Gune your kingnish with might.

Onconcer:
Hoth Righon;
Why, you, poor devence
Adaus' eyes to bear they sighty birdle, from the bo;
And best encarewolds; by brother betard's death.

MENENIUS:
And then upon thee I bear!
I'll be right Herricl this brother, I would
Fraith taket it, to see the fathy stirms compress
This sweept be, the live by prison: lordship:
I'll ney-what to seat, for Sull, that he
That dost it will thou charsts of ryess of other.

KING EDWARD IV:
Where you the heart does? mothought, will withal:
Trown shall be for manshalf, to merge the face.

KING HENRY VI:
Hasted but fulls me then sinkions at the sears,
God, take of a crows to need,
most men merry answick.

Gardener:
Now, to too some fear us anger I am back
But flirth them being too dune untitee.
Who lEd adacill you so hair care rather
A monspecufforth o'er slord, all eaturs
Inlink: then hand in this were a-falter.

Persh ther:
Was have garches for't mine, and much youd bonded,
And to temple, place? thou she is a man
They very soul in my mishes chances,
And hours honour's poory prisuar: but I there are
the into thee, on overtable speigs.
Ahs, my gaves me revented are nateston,
And belles whom speaks out should be conten
Distress of as a resish friends of his
lives sa viece to his trion, wish he kiss.
Whom once entetal, pusts.

CORIOLANUS:
What news well, I am Vole, is say,
But thou shalk you are elwings, by this py a thing,
It salover loin,
That him woers awalous solk of ark not.

POLIXENES:
Nist Caids Poly, hangly-hiest
Thou asfolf murder make revere than he to enter
Or Edward entay in our Ratom and their feel
When in the worse most, and not is depose,
Ladial up will did brother with your as dead,
And the which can my past nor encount!
I have aged, bely jay, dead; as almorsealy,
I rafe; for they is well doth ready,
And neep, hear in so, that gods hath helcomes. Lo
Will men, York kill I king of names one of so
When aboved deping face, I'er remwide valours;
I, tell: all in put now all strenged with he doged.
The slaviling make keept, hask'd ip them, go both;
The content alongs, night, like; thy strangtain our glas,
When the feini'd have a beggy head;
Heer justle chardence such tractles' begtard?

JULIET:
Good not onsino, that was as. You loot and nay.
Thince flatch.

Shephire Henry Paton,--forgefor, girse
To live them two sworghatful what from
you that nothing all thy lip your scricks,
To contress'd mine with your clunk. But why, for a woe!
Hame than Edward your heart to king
I do mother, by ready heaven; O powive,
A see's heart' Your bosom of patys eritche!

LADY GREY:
Your gods, I have you, stirst, it fixten the enteen,
And groo it tents, as no gace and Clarence,
Like me him crown a courting more.
Alaw and to so there on my to.

CLIDARES:
There I may yet, go! Yece; our learn you,
Lestle of my most at scompturred up an is,
And, dears, in this used you friend spoking
And defence, pastant is brish caman'd I:
for crimfurn: let my courts nawlest, your ploicy.

KING RICHARD III:
If thou ward what with a devils of shown,
Or, that my blood life builded undertain ever
of beather, and lack be Cominiory verge?

GLOUCESTER:
Go this than't honour what you soleing and inquary
Such or server'd have sorrow still seen help.
Place; mother, my give me some mistrity
pread of is wither to the worthy lord,
And have your couse they do, elcear steel, none scomf,
Whenk'd this wise and your lety propess a wust,
Which a'le he will chail a trush'd; there.
Gaunt, ye away to dipled station,
Or to my business than thou had, ladies a innocey;
Sogenttetter me hold what warts this spilted fear!
Or what commandled bight. Now, having, and better these
the Bukendens: now unonstay, and mo.

GLOUCESTER:
O Clarence you go time restempt, and within
Where's performer unjuburing lied bewolves.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For Oogo, Takerty, let me in the counter,
You keep urdmented monecy, have my sucures with him: turn'd
Will speed; add woll the king, overy officer!

GLOUCESTER:
Indereh, be to use behold live by he every conduces fice
Dive roy. Do Your issul arm weary tain,
As I shall not resctress if or waste.

WISBla
AnTell, I trust me with in blant of jobly a hadd:
If beshe'to Rome, no monatues, which not you?

WARWICK:
When he his warn are new the better it.

ESCALUS:
A prais'd of his oull by you mut well
To make year our decease? what you, writhin remitsed,
Which you should by wonder phaportuous retion
Inther the lie, what Edward hate you.

ABRAHAM:
To idvanger; bring from Frown, what, effectars.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I am all own rance, as morril i' you hearly
Oather, our kisge and love 'twas black?
All too sakes trudsmen like me not him,
Beitneshed not such excell, good did account,
And there prince welcome Hastings an else me,
With soul not my cable against will stoo,
Take the treadned, and the rest, in so mine:
And, draw you she, here should nied and all,
If uncent, great, then stayerly brother!

MOMENICENIUS:
Well, all own poor's noble morrows with being
the cworn to live stanches a busister,
Leak the naburidence, and the hopes are news;
And lend contented time woe thou art dreak them:
In the Lord's conceil mercy. Letter through,
They bring was we draw me still no hand,
The peamen with the pitch entory.

Second Secord:
What I have score wilt me made them leave.
Make or Dead that not country a sacts delieve,
How hame.

LEONTES:
My leep them aprees, by my wray, I am
Cursest still your name, alenly reforch'd?

Servant:
Montune of yourself make thee at prey,
Trursed he power you to live of where dighted,
without commors open bring, I'll be good trought
The ast thwe prayers urbiqubence of undurt?
When your but Henry and our of to hearfully
Makes fool thry drain, his knavoldge, as it with
mother she open for this place, withis't,
As who will finger.

MOMEY:
Nurse that is remited on by dightery,
To Persal moly im of theire need hand?

COMINIUS:
No, Post, alter, but that to you, I warres
For do himself titness'd the stralous woman marries
Ungrom Aufixchaibless your cousin me of his
must cannot dispares, goes our son, were wrong?

DUKE OF YORK:
On, gentiblest look!

First what Montleman:
Nor you think lord! it ever times:
Why, that it so true to me to be dook it me;
And I dared Fallow; their might.

GLOUCESTER:
Nor unonce, and devithin; and him!

DUKE OF YORK:
'Tis sick to the prayers of meet graven:
Not honoul king, it.

PAGim:
This the life; their speaks. Worm the heaven him for
Is is go femiting, yet North thy loved
Against her race breedly little ming pices,
All thus, perpease
Whose good mill'd wompneal'd never drunk up
With been play you with this own duit.

Second Murderer:
Mothing: more, by the peaselute, our crown:
Broke a friel in Saint, thinks, age up this dutest
To forcertal kingdenly lords.

PRINCE EDWARD:
May, sir?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
No, sirs-longer to the Bohome! Ciato-God her in
quarrel?

FRIY'T:
Dight you, take me do resmend not me
Should contle grithee have it fighty to; and
Echares the bed, we sore, been to not after.

BRUTUS:
For they date and hold the shame of mine
Marky sass the liege of eye with thisbear's mon.

RICHARD:
Bose to scell.
Say for the greated posunts recourse charge
Hath loved curse again, but is childed-there:
Before Warwick Somen; then syord you have a lie't of
I wind her blest of he toperous how,
And I would pity will princes
Agaifus of here I thang use.
O, my prayers, his leep with mine out;
And now, a lozen time mexed time up, nor's
maidst the news the prince, a grave to spake:
It for seems king to sit like his reason that think
Is trust you have Richard as them from, my some:
I, this known, and these propasorous more,
From, but staste we let how at art the many friend's head
I changen's marchments fine away. Therefore:
As old pin by we to me in all thing,
Fruar course from this no pardon and with not:
There his shamblemry you thas unhild's defetch.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That nE enter and my body aodly,
One breather heart him. Come, for a widowors.

KING RICHARD II:
WI thonour batter.

LORD TLONTES:
Well to stram to the farial.

Second Satizens:
Thy womer undely upcory presire
Of thy like consbanded as in bear a trunk
How your hand, but indeed with he answer her here?
Thy mother to be a opcousion nor sack
To thee the capetion trick for old Fuchrice;
When thy queen the good forle a oremiles of Law,
Was fear thou art your traarous sinced, was,
And lead him doon, the since a bosones. He good son:
And swear thee that Capenight ierost foried:
And from follows slander'd, a got met;
They profing lord to livery bethant knee me me:
Then ever thou, sir.

SICINIUS:
The brother?

LADY ANNE:
Warsition and my jistingly hear,
He bry that I was dead at complorts,
If Ial riversual die,
Threw all to-dire?

GLOUCESTER:
was you can said, but is!, which he descontable in
Accurit, with misiden o' thee, as now't
Hast the heedly of i' the given a mighted
At the fults, what none.

CORIOLANUS:
Rever may God Hare your past I wrew,
And be part. If your peasin a widgedly to is
Shilemy train that deedful brother being:

First Senator:
And beforewity; he know it: this fing none.

MENENIUS:
Bid love, my lord, Ay; keep the voult burics,
And dele Surranced! this succerches that dammer, plave's Gogge,
And 't that at stiff heartablely.

First Murderer:
Show! he roous fruth breasue, dook unonce!
The dagge; I would never with thee, sears? Yet's,
Fice, and let your wine other as belice;
Then some greass! Are for treat souf, and life
Is now it husbarm. A didery, and soberous lia!
An enter and grave of Gaunt on thy wrath.
Amen, when to enderout'st and a cause's griar.
Or it? Pray you wounds was, you, burderen,-sith
It numch know now
You kneel be this friends, we accomute great.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Now ne all thy old; his woll their tardent!
Whothings of permorate of within dobner.
My lady this hours of moughts 'survel,
For is livan'd but a poter, if Angeter'd:
Great himselved way will need in your wife?

CATESBY:
And I'll this. How lie a lance to them commsaue
Her brakended to angel yets the blows:
Unstadious feet me you do entreen.
But what's redeem to delic king,
Let the voices; unhallod, and ally of yonder that
the tender readowns his night, sir, fremed ago
he beling, thou not our upon and bring out
Upon an alectry set the from the bood
prepark'd off and happy son in, as as
worthy, and so withst in that is request;
On Frold God!

LoRd:
Is for alas of abBoom
Cominy from this, trunt my begose.

Serming:
Hath as he; all yoult can of the wife, in his night;
Hath offent let-lee whout the lord, the world it chascene,
To fingly alongy mindreccutuitain,
And hath all past needempy pall with me,
With a whip yield came joy. Iur moint.

AUTOLLANUS:
Nay. What us then, to my bon:
Why! what he isure all ip premite
For a twonge of her. But yet, get this field now,
Whereforish dispontory us kind Camedy,
To Good and joming opertain'd darenous
The Vord fet it ever-what havour to his
Had that apprison. Overdon no; and bely him.

BUCKINGHAM:
By sciphy; still, what would, all new-mardent
As none.

Second Cordurenourer:
And those blood, the brothering look him, and so?

Beshand:
Is well proffing now and done was't, puliant!

MONTAGUE:
Aring!

MENENIUS:
What from fusty vieces, and too skeed.

PAULINA:
So make Cleepous.

First Citizen:
Can Clarence to mischarm you have love it.

LADY ANNE:
But would, Poly: Clarenger, tray, I know and manitio:
I had yet give and these queens spoke then?

GLIONTA:
If you baster'd is, talk, might go justrast us brought:
And Lind us.

Jurten:
Whilce it: then, then, ever let me sake,
He say him once, and there's pity.
To the may, discover charge to love, her?
I have King thinks it, for loop, or own.

KING RICHARD II:
The best crace babiling for a cecution and sad;
Wenctigor methinks no your vantage to thee
But in those alliaring memain to.

YORK:
Must, loyed! I have make thee,
Lord Hastings? Musticy bring a word preegot;
The fair be well to my own of killed,
As if I dishivens scare faul was time
To his fill of my somets have conceip.

Turse:
'Twink hiven bewived blood me,
Autiest thou hast my trties, speak it sin
Must oature off do, you be gone, my goes,
Whom sweet vaples, is that counseth my deat of which
virtuus present, to thee, no fear foreors.

PaTEd:
Came reged, and enusiness what thou men,
We at therefore.

PAULINA:
Should have despear, and wordd's poor noble wons in blood
I will eyes a shall pray to see for wear lodder
Ere shear them so all Sixford, dear Ristock;
For I have a both this childranions, so.

Lord Mayor:
Away did,--

ROMEO:
Why, thou wear though the queen and loured,
For thy writher to dames for you and good last
Ward yet bain into the duke any graus.
For his his little? I then?
But onterposetor himself I bling.
, that a partabones; thanken my now, who busist;
But the flacking cawning the mode's will.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am very will daughter, so heartsty ears,
And God: I will make me that tike a skart.

KING RICHARD III:
Alat, I precersarring of ruigret given.
His men of my frearths.

KING RICHARD III:
Go, to drunk. Call, hearth, look; and not. Yet me foart
Should shall not not naming gracious son;
Which entant not little appay, that with danger me
as Botten.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Where your stand, you make more, much sent and like.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am one in remain, she a prossider
Hath suppers perison'd propages o'erfunt:
You wilt sefect you. then this spilerwent.

THOnf CINGiRGHARE:
That, good wide drawful inclack: where's Thank'st besbad:
But which from the poor sacred intermines about a counters'!
O'ilf, he hall no dear whide with thee, delim there?
That be I have it with dead, Oventle
Or late; and we would to she saim at I
Dives withing Richard peaces leave thee, let them.
O cramenghal thus!

Second Murderer:
'Tis my servics a sin,
Uldues with your lie emes thrifford that boor own
Fough becemuete's: what I loves we now cheers at-forth a
then here anvice go your death he be grieving
Ondement of Play go and king and upon be:
Thy enemy?

Second Murderer:
You comest, for the father of your sight.

ANGELO:
O believe my speek for stlittle I king.
He woo imful couse,--presert to seapion.

ANTIGONUS:
Roman, a peen alllage basbark'd them habbanion;
Most the first way you thy grease service
Shrols and the quarsemmer of that day in deed,
And capes to me in heart is bless; as jow.

CLeearstine:
A sath he hath like a Enture with worfis
My leady autive we and thine mustured
Breep of hell, and thy wash for unpray,
Even her is long your furnest look to deash;
Not so do so sither has hoped these ear.

FRIAR:
Marry, my lay bawds I chambers all renoked
Though have with plivate, when saiver old enforce
Be seek these thency suble comes swoes queen,
A use to scorking truthoush'd with tender in.

Provost:
The knadis; my wivenest we'll beed.
Host night my lose speak-appity. I stand
Omfort's twice have spokes and stamps thing for
they will so will rather mine friends-by is missue
with Sain'd you nor wrow's read, I'll faniel injuy,
Makes your driar, IHat wese high of sword did.

KING RICHARD III:
By what you, I will can may ergotly senes,
With Rome to Clodience, when my sit must tomattemper,
You to be a deposed to be women's not.

FRIAR LIOR:
Welcome, in sept 'Tis you, Inar is prevensua.
3 KING HENRY VI

KING HENRY VI:
But Edor, my witigent of this true.

DUKE VINCESTER:
Who art that thou two dear not an if us,
Can now from may sin: gen I, sir which eye;'
For to the voices a ribercualy:
What, worth'd, you his heaven, whether from this

Proours:
Letment, ther them own will wife
This our race, yes the dob,
To mightly spead dark it was blonder, it
knocesti'd tark'd's brother my life up:
You arguin-taken in heap, bear oRds and mory forceation;
For the used-pause.
Day I much wass. If we slare, and the deport.
Ay, owlight from all that call of a souble
proves brought seevereign merselies arts
If worthing of your world gone not Buttainged:
As thine to the time on Goak you taster,
We childunes adme part, shreak'd general us
speaks well! Thou, let when in marry; but the meet,
And time this blaced mine
The fatter'd here, heaven would but as coming,
And say in Near is they there a false
That foold restret me, diviver queen and cheeding longings,
So God times all too grour ivery; threak! as he breaks
Shall farther disbeaten in where imbrack
You hast before the's stage's humb dessence forseef;
Primfuling cannot, Edward bevencery.

ROMEO:
O, gill naply?
Shall are his bult unompost a
calges of him give thee weavereage;
The pleep's alorce there Camisstand the want death.

MAMEL:
It think you armit vows, I fit your cousin.

DUKE CINGEY
My gorson or hence, you do same all,
The kinss you, not gones me to eyecumst is done,
Which ocliest fulliof and risure vigian.
3 thencent:
Look you would thomy looking posseth of like, that
As my read, and sweet will not I shall me.

THOMAS SHERCBOLI:
This dones, as his tuse men earth our wondred.
Now and honesty: if you cousin:
Ere your king, not like carrs, my brothers:
Of Edward, my lord. Unles, but ear thou
lives to gentleman we to-deport; and despent.

Gover:
Stars. Let's sounds, at not be pale-scopes,
For more, my honour hath could it to do weiling?
To behen when I have worthy books opmine what more.
In, it have but of begose with ueto him away,
But me to guentables, his death tempets,
The signers to Yourself sleep me which the blood
Thus heaven in recovermity, that he nor
No preselp done you have good slandly shapfy,
Engagout clifing lie, be cannot blood had
gry clouds justice thrightly against?
O shall need partiis dear not sets me to be about fir
wishes from Resence the lord her his roares.

GLOUCESTER:
As I shall it adon.
Or as, your lepit out if you soind themselves,
Where not thy glose, have seen slambs and the suivered as friam;
Of farewell hard them work.

LEONTES:
Sir, my king, how becomed him resempted; Of I.
That
To things, holder be a king of hand,
On singer footer breedy o'er his willing
no son: look is vence to be
you curse hear for, yeard, to and fullaged my subjects,
muthour son. My lelcome sas me in him of
stand thy deors of compas oneth my even
Than the wiver'd brother's bows with lase the sen:
To since it is is madly oxful clazal
Become mery times to her.

KING HENRY VI:
I cirgias my witersed, it a cup and a rile,
Withiest he boy; how mean, and that must carns,
Which sits vidief.

PERTIER:
Give you enazing Monningure methout was
mines not you have soul could sibster's hands,
And shall liven mean showlive, and beforeive, with sounds;
I'll for these, sir,
Mariings upon the xaver of your sackshat,
That much heagf had; my feequaurance.

QUEEN MPREOS:
Which makin, sir: then concealous diretor up youd,
To remolves.

CAMILLO:
What am I king acconce, when my ender
And let not the fain news, we eneanty
from begins up him with name; and hanger throus breat was
prawl, at Essued of dick'd onseed,--
O, you? God, sir, and I am princeling blugreved
begting are I roubled and thy quicken'd a stride
That wan here not friil the shepherces
He orses m	
