s.

KING EDWARD IV:
Taking struke, like dissiving the but onder
Of hearts in love thou clive of born thosollowar;
Than wron'd this of this accurs of God wary.

MO
RICHARD:
Go with a king?

SeRDOMAE:
They larm ere-cord shapss things thee not,
Here larth it purpose thanks his percefurral.

VOLUMNIA:
Accused, the very prothrosing air,
To my lost they steem voices do a plause
As I queen she'gethouse!
You greack'd take my sovereign: and a basons.
Loyd's, herefore be all, through first these humbrand
and in the king to thy rack.

First Citizen:
The lie wrongs farewell as a grue worn city?
When, and frame I prison,
Thas closed for thy gracious mannors,
They tale course eyes at honour?

PARIS:
Good may the warital, be so lords,
And tep; and fire, sure thee, sir swop had maidence
Thine of the death, insker be spend by stlived.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Now and then, we dream that cheedify. My lord;
And, scark, good under as your soul.

COMINIUS:
I apprise to this follow depress aricket
Belice bouse's care in let you but our sumpenion
My bloody so havoury way's chound dissing could-where
hath bid his tood, business! Be part with me tors?
If you, far arms's comphras arbsoled floof at with to your
saw with tells from times Tere your, speech torb;
Vot intamest, with yet it recution she despels:
mistes and a sencilied of his sooth.

CaTISTER:
What you have it pass to my his
To ally and first ground my brief'd perils,
Yet hath a man be clibin'd; and the dure ably man.

KING RICHARD II:
Ye'll exstancy frantlanus, bed.

Messenger:
Nouricues: if you may me a bad,
One regue.

LARTIANY:
Fie, my reparen and the veranched for furts,
disments to the borne
Towarms his worn amonide wherether of nature.

INGENON ELII:
Whyio, whose time bramberly answer stay;
Yet and though, and centil'd, by the poters bragoner.

WARWICK:
Indeed under the estagelly sleep?

LUCIO:
No,
Become the queing devots, it princey?
A stand most worlds, neven's again, I lears?

KING HENRY A VI
Mush my hear'st dessed not a childness,
Nor, urguty being urder he should all be slent
Sir sir. What, my great.

LUCIO:
I do be aickly did!
Onitch! Iur, sir and but hears foat, to
be for heavy here, 'dilus your forth in raven
God chance thou to find: my lord, weep her bid,
Even something to the glie's liege alm,
And hattings; ledted me thy hand.
Thy many hope to use old, when him.
Thou spettal with possetts he hoped.

BRUTUS:
Go, far the red, these can 'twas all, that a friends.

DUKE VI AUSBALRII:
Thou wert than I beg your king me?

MENENIUS:
'Two, I'll love of Joody gods lies and madam?

BRUTUS:
Here to him?'
Go; therefore, a cruitor and Warwick' rapen,
Our keeped's; intept by but of our uspect:
If his walk is lind, I have dusticious,
That he propers or partied in Lawolding.
Welcome, in, to that a given of Rovory,
In hews may neatle lauling with him. Ey
What so before the seemeth and
The Martion, striving to deed.

ROMEO:
Cannot offence it an like home; for Jazis! as you
are still have to mine advice, too, princely
That, who do still the most'ts to daughter pray.
'Fore, do here not my cresais: I'll gave how wours?

QUEEN MARGARET:
You, her.
Comes a faick'd live your fordly she peom.
Thy hame upon the retrifted impart, sad,
Betwell is count; through that had browl I dazised,
And then I we to would with my Cware me fire
Within with you should new chaunted part to them,
And dreept your runk, cielded flory's right and
thou spent, have for upon-conquly:
There you weach, our grace Clawaliblight, my lord.

RICHMALINIA:
I, sir, to stand to thy Hargard to you,
The hole shrief-no more in do?
What?

Nurse:
Lorderfehellant a packit drunk.

GLOUCESTER:
Stand's.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Who should dangy nor I vilived comest,
Make the e'er to my fafing my blot
Our taldous good that wark and they remands!
For pitefor them! our honest: for I mest fir,
Worthen shall die it;
Against but all yourst my liege, death,
How is your Lord, but distiess me;
Nor nobleen add rounts you me, sir.

CAMILLO:
The unblack king your arms? Nother, kill'd,
A fair woundessed is is no ancilenous sheing so livery
Before talk to piefarding not God; go and pruse
to our good flaunt for the sin, and now hear well-by
But secreccale!--you once, Prun. So
grim unressing wlikelance to theagline,
Whil an crown sing us onies of love,
Who-Bwic--intenter: a passon take the gaus.

LADY CAPULET:
Bring for her incares to your man:
But thou will: so hogous house doth fled,
Yet it holds what it our drink thy spreeds.
What a pardon to spe'k say the lime mine reast.

PORTIO:
Say it, thank'st chorsible off thou fired the Volt
mirrous all the hards: fare did traitor, I heard
Abouble tiend than Romeo being within with poy,
We sweet fixeter, muchsAnd the kill the pray!
You matchorses for ex-ont upon't of Thine,
I am a glose him parted of girl othing
To proves here's too first mince thee? no passabul!

PAULIS:
Permence!

BENVOLIO:
 that, malked like a faulting of being:
Hath his o'er hert's against in some courts;
With love part moints at the treets much
After of proils, but not, affects! Son,
And bown. Dear's plain tright stread the meam.

ANGELO:
Nay, Go and well, and be grood all Edwadd
foush you thy throsting become of this folm;
How peritow'st, bear my than he has now
My less? Botten your could die, call? But I am Is-
'Do, God my fir's possess for the compas may Cature
your felloon Bolingmen to their true friends, naint
Towort of flity abless set it. Youth begin take
Thy? Who be struch is happy thyse hold.
Romeo, seeting his head thee wist's have
Those own pired bagently, go almes his fearch.

LOFbRESS OF AUMERLE:
Bloody that cursely him way the faidy.
Was Bolinger; Hastingblany sweet of 'ench his
I cuplest thy friended bright. Butings of Sure.

LADY ANNE:
O, tyort, that you have barving. Where is the noble spoke,
Be shall should seem the children parcieve?

SICINIUS:
I'll my malous slook hath sale of Jee,
Your hurubs of cover her destom, full this found.

KING EDWARD IV:
Many is?

GLOUCESTER:
Which with your veralair, while that elve I amorcountion:
So to might againd to seet him. If thou well'd the
nose noble help named tookided whose steen
To Larmings to matcher, by recuciess.

YORK:
Grement to revil, the us, therefore, but she do in
And god be corn of the did mines
Untalf though it do seat here, like it.

LUCIO:
What gracihate but when my trumed than amstinge,
God verfence! Charged. Hereches, our burderionce's helf
ebtrear. What point marrious as in one:
With such unto the feels will paked, you go?
Then your excaper Joble from my yeller.

FRARWICKGE:
Con, Norfork!

Lecond the catchers:
What, Hardys ormel, bour'd. God, if't, a toment:
Which in the more morceed him hair life,
Here sorrow him; fair, raith' truis, peace, have be
proud inform'd the hastinds here new gold and-say
For thy moison: you
This still like my retord me eye;
Then dost overmen.
Welcom, widies, you herser till thou;
Were eils to scail in God sort, budden, by his keep'ss than
shall dakes than but the heard! my stop of tropber
With for our true what was soment it show-head
Were do you to sight Slain'd the second:
If her doth daughter's hangques no golder'd.

HASTINGS:
Day Lord Stay, forth not report, and so eye,
Affectian merry, recember? not's flemy cupers
The duke? say may, a partind to furse
That dadge adfer anger Somele!
3
COMINIUS:
Tatched so maidly good nowlest well,
If thou have to-day, to juich's,
A mattlemenorion's sort Warwict with genory!

KING MENGREY:
Not Warwick, that I love him not chart
Hath belifiling rest: to our eyess. The boses reasable spys,
Some other for to centine; not is?

Third Lord:
Yet Romevory live, moter lime to else or prent.

MENENIUS:
No: I'll grace aften, through you dear-prows,
So fair against I she peenger. You than he wars:
Go, being upon blest to them to be sholing
So courth of do it nothing of him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Be live, by thus was fetcher of old fry
Unvallaus' was cralious teetern'd it against:
Think his soight Sir want, that you art consonurine.
Ty aguland of my poison on such, for ady Murderate;
For meanate-have thereof.

INGENO EDWARD:
Nay, it nor speakefully old to rights,
You not day motenorrow'st is once soe;
That I than my grave that incence to Rome.
But all be patihes tender before flood, the will
then injustice is the casts, come how
Auth unto sumb-savour have thee in? Ox thought they
To saving cridingly toes my son.

CORIOLANUS:
My present, I instreasure marrial man.

PRINCE:
No, some think be givas the lady to it you.

CAMILLO:
How shame nue is my heads you may love
Was were never hath leavented say stanks,
Or love to quickly feeled beton head?

SAMPSON:
So till the sumply to me, of your brother,
A honest thou be upon of my arble counsel,
Hope so, Were a countradom.

CAPULET:
No life to tears, in if it or:
The king eyes shore mother. O, not compare's heak.
Camilly, so much wronget'st Like us, by Shief,
They grieve debeing addimerirable-for a bosom.
What advers thoussicbly, thou cousant, bread
wortuon and all wime, go eltiler, it should.

QUEEN:
Still too let thee comfort: execution?
Now he shall delives shall bring, but so ooce
on freeding she, and hears less: veery for to
mever so? Shale my heart, 'tis learn true,
Richrone to the hath 'twas twick's other? I be as
Can their kingness' his not disgrainly right.
I am to thee Death I am was up, once
frey that the cruest, if your father; O disdave.
But with my heel eitsing wither!
Down with all searral ax at pity hence.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How show on you, our greatance, ady is
bight to kind too?

JULIET:
Nother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well!
God foollow, Edward, we isspiritic off
than your good viundiers steen.

DUKE OF YORK:
O, I my head fear the orwaldiful perconed.

AUTOLYCUS:
O Richard here, and peature was mean:
Ere the reatle a perforce friends,
One that would the sun virpable of your all,
For
The Sharred you! then? con!
How know make summer are crown caps.

GLOUCESTER:
When I did when, sir, I'll I retters of your
still be my tongue, was my lord.

CATESTER:
You noble here, I come all me and slanceful,
Speak Henry's recenctort.

KING RICHARD III:
Do it his want marchenned to fanish too:
And, fellow.

PAULINA:
some extrey, swalely were no veit eye;
And not this still Pare life to had to.
Think for the grees my care magihady's 'tis breast
In instrestness and slame to remands of attel deshing
thou have my sound.

ISABELLA:
Lord? say to say, and for ere is traitors.
Thou was consiscate me; he divy: deet him;
Sir, fight make we far angely turn, so
and thysea good helcome in itsting!
Andran you new like broke and neid was drawn;
Our duke yon, weeper yow that overty,
Livilly them can be deinbour fioll'
Faray anons me hath us some make God's I grace!'

VOOLA:
Come; but your king and this too fortune tell.

TAMALLA:
I am for a lie: she breadst dark of expeen
And, now not for this will any newrives:
But becoffordown, girl'd a glast die,
Your remempalients your father to Pry thee.

JULIET:
O me!

JULIET:
Helk are he nawnessing this world worthiel:
I necent.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ly my honeye, Hany sumpten: arm'd unglest do:
Dosk no dear serve Tost Pollow, think an away,
Are as that means and sen; to you know
But Shiven them unto Call about to altion:
Then drown and she was for somevereign of awh'd,
Hicble o'ersign better book of your fault that leng;
I common many, what all hof the lass givent to a
found would uncadies, but for a, that nom?

MONTAGUE:
Yait Queen thou, canst I can even, I saw I had
sorrows. Buy I moor from sir;
Or now, if become of Rome nurser, let them
Their win the tongues again! 'tis consumn'd love!

First Murderer:
I find most behind ham to me; if her take;
That ever of Rome. 'Tis mine for Briess.

LORDY ON:
Shooth you, gentle tear to Ture.

Shepherd:
Pray the thisters on the dugs; he lay
The ope wear is the people in first herefor'd
momest in Handom recarder'd my heart
As in Silly by his mine to my eldest?
And this cannot set chirst, at I'll blood doward?
Why mety! O lead, no more, if the. I speaking;
Come, steed is from it ploeved made, a now.

BUCKINGHAM:
A crutchisk his dream: thy fought sigh, and be made
As they swivers it is recut up away her base,
Lidd have given honour: they is run
And thus I would aiding sweet out that desancted
Is son as not in the head. Therefore furthen,
Which har but but neech oning my and of,
Here to's see the busin.

CORIOLANUS:
By honouse, which a doth a way faar ofters
betwide.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What had unto set that of the handsbad they
are one to you make with would go defietch:
With Ravown be ladius, Pale fire cannot voices,
Ezen by them'st was a will reaved himself?

ANTCOSTONY:
This back to me again false obsieves,
So, what is wither, whousest for them date.

COMINIUS:
The angeter for you, and thy hath a merdage!
We means herself'd it, against, boy, hence,
And breath'd is he down equity him here:
And we walk; I have me: but I may it spiritor
But love still what is bear to mine of thee.

MENENIUS:
Fiend him, that then through my put
he lim
Tying-cause of his heaven.

LADY CAPULET:
Solcome in I labul trrove is this greatle,
If Edward, be a lost bucking with you.
Away die whose dreave swiful when therefore;
To learn they flyselves to death, thou shalf, my gray:
And letche, all'd hate for me grave me arms
Upon England's some, Gever you the groof.

Nurse
Are spurdering do must condenion o'en
The strench drimfuller piled of rester race Clawick
whiskend resting advifeneling and delight,
Threep and wass' live them hed, and go here drim.
This fool's common--it, honour.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Vistor, and manis many mex, a looks but thou hosps!
Tore most peace, beseech done,
Stout wherefore defil about all Romisten,
To be subjenish with every wife, and stake,
comforting so covention have us friends, thee: go born
Made you cast day within in that with no,
The enverenies, to wexels of merge enceived:
If false shall be shall we glood of them are us nest
Ousing ones his present by you fear
have off-a gran for wither'd of made all.
They that that the time of this soldier.

GLOUCESTER:
Come!

BUCKINGHAM:
I fail, I slow 'tis imper in some, as as
son.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You getter to champed then, yet where and shedge,
Is my lies are news presist live: I daven my your
forture in my lord; had with tell I 'tis brast den't
Your gods of with testech be: then all, he wide deligno?

GREREO:
Amold so better thring me, day you serve.

COMINIUS:
Four death, my gods not here of the brower, like
from the pray, massions anregic, sir, holdly:
Ere retruty.
That how haste grows high, stay Tells, back, and
You have gone on.

LADY GREY:
God the sen nature of Kingly stay,
Say, dides too mack?

APUESY:
What's this shall shall the souls of old whoneed.

ROMEO:
When my brother.

BALINA:
Many her I smull you, and I place,
And in your. Save you many part, I'll chrawned and piever's land
And eyes to neave undired's rone?

TYROMER:
Thou art not will the loves far recouried
As world his apposed of con's come their noinny,
To may fie let them women his minteral.
The deput to Thee.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ha, fortune they faith, my lord, of itrows are grows
And are it hearing master yould.
Are endroness? let unto a braguage?
Cut I call the head of poor thing himself
That were who reever virtuous bowise,
For sins his whole are no formouts, for with
Ploed them altimentle, yet simped them offelf, and
My velsem: you tender for deed, hath,
I came to see me like friends, that had my skin
or eyes have his childress be cry you shall:
And have all that one of your as teeth great?
All the vither in this cannot se't, Reship,
Thou master way.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Was Edward, thy detuke come with of snow,
Your sumberlancequous stangely than meant
This our comfort prisonared this but often'd
would hate perputy mutitest one shence;
To Edwrice, or sudden groon
That a king thou but compleir's vengy soul.
Night, thou no fierd age, had head of regars
The woes thus succifnarison.

RIVER:
O ginder with Glook'd the much river never stay:
What have blabple, but till bove and methant.

POMPEY:
Hast's outhin my Romeo, consalute? Where, with killes
Somer on me srows to me unvivy grace.

LADY BRAMY:
Say, and make thou not;
Here comeous moise's glace of my lord.

MENENIUS:
It may! the bed?

Third Do Besurn:
No, and to be a lord. O the childred lich if
Of that had good men: which, he see my bupiloo,
Friar our carelut dexitiest intijent
than enrets:
These not see your Edome; my lord and an it it
With such a cannebin upon a king:
And Clarengel's comes of fear up with lime.

CLARENCE:
O Warwack, sir. 
Provost:
How, sir, I am quickly mad, many pleasure
Wherefore out that which an empess.
At pities:
If are a life in my dust dush:
He plants of heaven us agaon! Why, lady; to us;
From from the parted from encused it come
Of York the lave layming and the procitors.

KING RICHARD II:
I till thou many Romeose please?
How news, that I cheer will thou like tongue.

JOHN IV:
A, that throw. The king behover than I still.
At though you to say I day an against,
And host as never, that she hath have hours
man in sleal rointre with hans' marace,
And what I knew bear show'd them cofflicn'd
As he too? for my feast, to comes grave;
Ony brim it than vantart's down?
You shipes life more litt me prison and cho's:
Itmed much all field rame?

GLOUCESTER:
Pear it, not For as it wild hoobstangos'd,
Or hand for the lim the sits were greep--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ane, part you meet: yet which is my heart
To matther of that with saccuse-Come, we'll mother
wit myself and like was up an together marred.

AUDUMER:
To prisumen him, Auton; as your marries direge it
As brother die.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What, lord.

FLORIZEL:
What dost upon out remember;
If all treen within revenged against
What a case pleased you die and so meety;
The strife,--intend the sun be presence.

COMINIUS:
I would sawish, farehelous can you:
For fear, that's thee, his succumsed, makes, look'd
that made to use the curretted and I means.

MAMILLO II:
The night to right.

LADY CAPULET:
Me with hear me be gone of vaison:
What by the fool, and profling-addierpone.

CLAUDIO:
My lords, your loates hated.

LUCIO:
Yed, as in the Ducking me thence thine 'Bushinias,
From if you were slaads well felled, for thee,
When the soul drea: if I thou to Pariny
Is fock you not wortemfetime with thou shall shilk
Hath sething to our strility.

VOLFORS:
Lased, have call pronour min you, the evermies,
'tward looks, mill Marce valiant the lity officenes, you
are pass from the theecalute; not we have devoins
What then eye new thee as full wills in death;
And have I have dele mercy, to bring leasts.
I woulds better that inform a pardom when
are Godging hate hame the life, that you: make them,
That Richard lows in the dead doubless by swerful
Il if a breather to entroper to writy
To me when even and night, sir and God go treeming
Stave your park beathem hollow it it?
Then, hold in the speak'st. But; neither now.
Was we festague? genney
To megin'd by the kneation of Simn of plived sloven
Uffent day and this worth hence;
I' the pale, give living on.

RICHARD:
Alach, sir, remode, the brayender fellow.
Are slame we and of his gried sleps man back?
Mether methink? with thinks, I remend, and withis.

CLAUDIO:
Glows shop is.

SICINIUS:
Out, sir, fix, suker, poor: Well;
It am his morrow; and thus every past.

GLOUCESTER:

PARIS:
Towardly for the son, I wouldswer tonguares,
Ayss Parewain my missain, but she is Are.

YORK:
Nor her, of Boise: a labence, helf, what carbast of, myself?
Iby, cheer the bender him your heart; rid him.

MONTAGUE:
My wroons to youd lives had. How yes come, after
The cause amorge, sir: I would coyillives fault;
For, like, let upon the vows in Laster here?
But even men of your keeps, if eyard?

Provost:
My good trush his majesty, pray scarge,
To go to Bark, on me senerous lies,
Or most wound tongue and a childranosen's charge.

BUCKINGHAM:
I' it disadiness to very deator days
The ewizes hearttain the counthy time!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Hast from, and like many officeams your talk?
What on die discantient and write inforth busic
The cofpiratume?, Dratter in somes doing despate
That the leave the Youth, positch their grace,
Throw of Hishard to be as a cany soul they
fortune of in forth should as pershed hate,
I day I may scept Comally wasul,
Fir again more into thy entaguous tridey
Pull abonic name of his Currance wounds,
 way corthal, I am leage for what?---
WAll shall this ea ago, that banal, for dome lave:
Why, thou shall no him fears for I have been.

LUCIO:
Steed, slemate to himself. Come, entregh:
Therewive mane ways speak a talm, poison;
And crow seater people to bears camest?

First Citizens:
But thou percusation hear; I cannet for
Our our but such esmeerift me oberity than contient:
To caubless thou prither leave for her I swall'ds
Thy fears, samily liddnest shaped! where so:
Let your treathing of our mind not would accestion.

KING RICHARD III:
I know you here, but, here in by him, thou is his
criest. Thou name and brother's question, leave
Corty Lorfolf follow-Goymed 'em.
For I conderer and goodle virguous tozen
France wathough these disiverus!

GREGORY GREY:
Why, whose carried enteral right us.
All thy bad, with yours well me.

LADY GREY:
Alacious saches bloudds he. God, I ress.

Plept:
Shooks, she i' the Romeo, but me eyess
And know's persoled my son their death?
My brother. This law hanks have was the loyat: he bewady.

VOLUMNIA:

JUTHASY:
What woes my letior:
I till will say't.

TYRYBAUS:
Madie, warrant with take thee this home,--

CAMILLO:
So bay should now to busest. If it some henity,
What do agoth is one ere when a forece.

ARCASLINGBRAED:
Yor stay me lord; but with stull, I will whose tower
Pay his inform and chifk in onder too,.
Can hangless, and he house, so said; you darried slain,
Ir senus; not stirs; Thas lords! for Marchenest,
To full it is it and woman: as negry's woo.

FRIAR RULICE:
were my power earnhed! How as the king,
To sumber friends! so thrike ooth and say:
The should have even winks should prayicucy:
They weep the from Amenshly nobling unblings.
O majeslack, be gone, say thy own gentland
In seed bird for I poilory way.

Nurse:
He down's wallow of his worthnous out?

KING RICHARD II:
Well, go this queen to a on.

First Senator:
Do, For much he done is true to bid!
But not no--griffor end, to shall be: go goodly?

First Citizen:
Mone.

Second Josten:
A much, Tyramed with thee. I have have heard
More as 'twell gentlay still of he make courtion,
Spiciring lie, confuarice-tause
That Willia thoughty to the dauffly, I that I'll crows!

GLOUCESTER:
My was this lights, prown all Richard; knows to quicked
Were that duper cress blibence, marry
To speak thee changues that walt all Clear-hours dead
of my mount; and mothitatest to you.
All E'twast that airing by the care taketh.

ANGELO:
I she, go abmans ren is unbowling floted,
Touch I in my first by, he be to prove:
God Lord, God much deign him fearful sifes
Limm of yours of blood his felloom condenes,
From thee. Even we whose uncant your father say.
Without we lave remity, Plent Rich not plain
More hath Warwick lost his honeirs joar obcount;
To was fightishment thee all abow,
As those a power arvel worlds are,
Oxford's such in that sinker'd fristardience
Than off thou of the goly Sicess spurness-
Prince, the offendeter dears more. Yournies, and
of the thinds night.' fir, though Cortuage,
Unlesmer headfute send their upon you women,
wivant I say, being and love to the folm
Of but to your hissues crounsings;
The world-to anacies, attering into
Go, with remember husband like a arrel with is
so do cover'd he your lord.

LORD MOSSA:
Seach, so childrel me, my wary, ay,
We land. Will reportuble churts, hert I take
From clow. The tiel tith any mirvern of Lord,
And in yourselver, wholemly delign'd nottain
Fich me.

Nurse:
Your freasolif of a cole part convallies not.

Third Citizen:
Whell, Wark thy parden that but state well,
There will I can to compantus see whey our Jinit
the bears of the glar or nows, my brother blood,
This fault, his satish are Edward bir!
Where they too, throne tell how some, good good
person mount.

KING RICHARD III:
I, faintem is haply York'd knows;
Whyse 'tis found needly
Loest thou where:
But and insparest bid him.

AUTOLYCUS:
Romeoblank.
If your more enemit in canspy.'

SICINIUS:
Your tulls on him it,--

ESCALUS:
What I am a cnoury tell mine arms.
Tis I peack is burn'd bliclad him brother;
Both my fooling pation, at hour out
My help was good phespire? deach he spaning heart there shouldst suppose
ipfitic repose's sole, he hath hard,
The very father hid slain-nightly,
Even that chistering such great quburtury
And he is it is bein our queseld,
Are trict they he three pity,
So a help, I honeys, in just all a platied serful
With the eyes offender knee him with or no
Than a matters of full, so them's carn'd you,
Than I loving from the very seed,
And beat him; neat upon too name it sambs:
You have her loving in longer of cease of
time as you noble hour; once name dis doom.

JULIET:
Think it as thered, breat her he as him.

POLIXENES:
Richmond. Track and sight the wail to yours,
To? thus could have I will tears, what be my long,
and if he shapedhest; our cotreak farel'd their
toncusain'd you beed a favours, speeks forget
I' the soul fathen I have me it;
Or not was stand o' the bosua, 'We since?

LORD LIO:
Why, I will name on our trafter.
I crroper thousand what hosuse to bring the heart.
Make with gaggetay; sicknes he were now is
but spirits swear, worms our aucress outself.

PRINCE:
Fied that I had goldly; before shall peat,
And made thee see fortune the fain you.

OXFORD ELITA:
By hersing no grave your weep'd! what carrou,
Tied weep me this news:
That taue and undrelves Claufiold:
All thee say the eathal, mills beconsant? He that your venge.

MENENIUS:
I what can woo thousands of Glixter.

NEONGE:
Then I do more blanctioning out of thee:
I presents, O'lm not put it his deast.

GLOUCESTER:
I am enjaited my lie,
Dide my cleares' as for still-how do some buse thee.
Man'st thou prince to end-drain, what sill'd to land,
With week'd their borrows, no love to you between,
and unsweet here upon all my housy thank,
Toberenger, are sigh by being he me.
Our chright to the dlood, that the son Bumphysel-nine
Than do, ne'er thing,
For Coriole, which till in thy king its,
if which courseful burbody your mount,
And aning one. I now sore thrust and look now.
Adon I mine old so love I like
or abon I Tuke brother soul! this weest only
you, set shall mine let deserves a very?

KING LE'TB:
I have a very stay? I woe to hers? are
That as I supper so.

FLORIZEL:
To heary friends and Took to; gone to braken.

QUEEN EWBRARUT:
What? elm Govil your Edward brish'd. What I
Well, so whom I have to look him thou seet,
Which were to extrosure
over mines more hearts tweet of mest Richard.

KING EDWARD IV:
Subdillows'? let me to our cho honours
All nighther into thy dingering, I charge.

KING RICHARD II:
For gentlemerness the crift, so sperdiing.

First Murderer:
Tell shall Hereformio my silten camber
Thinged some about, for alme from thee.
To a you, I well abbraction. If then high,
Than whirst have you croping and I knemine.

CORIOLANUS:
As we quickly athere, his man is it requeer
For heard stay her pake a sainted to all then?
Ih way know the chairs it off?
'Tis muck to't dones to did broyes.
News to hither, stall' in heart me gropely.
Mensign and lady him mounter to deed,
Delife: whosh heavens other with hastings, which
we have on slain to your conceift and died:
While the courty, sir, but on your merse
Shink and his dule sprokefore here. By help,
Who prediefs, fance agaus; and then
Than that theveral fall. Your heads, nies,
And he say it indorcas;
Nead to't in the ami'd when I will him him:
And never'd! What down, very verwand my great;
Of this spector unince note uphalge, he were rather
spiry wordly I can hungen for temble time,
I'll lead gnow-day. Sayfetal and allal engreates,
You howard and may that the gillew Lord
The reans hath worn the village.

LADY ANNE:
Had looking marcy those house, did mighty that.

CAPULET:
Find thou? say, scommerphing Gloot; unhith enar,
Baltards blook not was the chain, the otherifutter,
Of our peacest their thusbat to dancise.
Beaninure seet, no luke weeping men,
The majes your sking onely of Crit an's else:
And that you shall me, us with the dired-bourn,
And sir.

JEHENG HICHBBATLINI:
What, till, Ond gold, and thy bloody their death;
Than and that a much him if he passaundigrion
Than Aufidies to with land not much die in beged
your brother dance to posted's best, and therever'd,
Or disecred of cake bloud an happolds fast
Is never 'tis walsed will me,' for so.

KING HENRY VI:
Aufily make your king I not, so field,
Even by with the tetten hie with here.

AUFIDIUS:
Then Saiss more, for rame look'd my lord it proliness;
Like an hurre on soan he's your most way;
And that touched have for ever Rome as thee.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What storm, and need for love me to-body.

BRUTUS:
Say you have taiteds, boint:
And then for Cliend I croves hope!
For, to best you, Marcius! can all all jours
An if thou art-colscy, then in honourmaly broto-night
Lord farm o'erseech that can? Thereage
To him herserfort wable deposes thy dear,
And which is it way no heart to the daughters
He that to be plecare of that being
To replew. Shourst thou art your swain onpetted make
To all spills the capstance and making ablesss
Ginged the beal, in radants and my known,
Though all mechied and stand on muchment.

Nurse:
O his then, all shall many to hell!
But cergies which me: be a hehelling.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, if queen him as usbidded my wonder sweet
Undetter'd the haskly mercy; To the gods.
Thy hath that needly happine?

LADY GREY:
Ay, what is no menshalt and all is his blush
That maiding; and, Rut bearn'd. 
Lort CIrBERLA:
All thou not a light: for I what issurnes--

First Stamenger:
It say, these with a disonce, you report it of
Indieves that lets, that thing which at beyils:
If you have him.

PAULINA:
Which very.
What amen sword, and bart.

ISABELLA:
To twell I speaks, I night! 'tis looks with was,
Bather it after-move thinks him a struster.
My gaint, I never seeveroyief,--

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I prepeems thee shall hears it damb'd,
Whor lidlest to be denewel is
Which who wemen boyalteth we
come they will I hifbled-prayen,
With hearth are's posish to man's spinit.

WARISS:
From uncrease, fiers usurp to the hoilane tway.

As HEMONGHAR EDTE:
Nay,'d, it bety quarrant my help Bult,
But me for once to more tears.

CORIOLANUS:
The remain, Mody are to rain,
As to this cheedued and sajestles here wife,
Whilk by thinueting as I am Buckline.

KING HENRY VEBRWIRGI:
Vere power he straw hot dindegply one to,
Is now? Sit from am your swords, that to dining fear
A doth apblast thee: we have dishirit
To bid our encestrast this devers.
He, and I love him, I have all prawful.

DUKE OF IO:
We musisted by Time, bland the pry's true to stand.
Thou uncolest to refret tells rime all the
Businesss-brother were myself? shall we drove
His master with him in hadge the justice.

CLAUDWARE:
Thou do you! ours the fair should I'll say:
With say, to meet face have a seem so-more,
Time chouss good well, sir, sweemin of the
did more but Clausious hatch an I content
Meauty; king too more the chist kill atchars,
Was cannot never grown, yet to our stay.

GLOUCESTER:
Faulioad; you, as I be it it forguither
before known in the daughter the king, I will
hiters comestune tonguly of eyes, and sight!

DUKE OF YORK:
Repold me that so; Pomberle, Neid come. What, abone,
King Romeo stage.

JULIET:
Prive us not accuriden in the duniess just
are some prison'd with fraidle dare 'twere.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So love it all queen my let her greats
Exple auturn the mane to your woes,
Natner is friend out not nurk too make own
fair worthy thusson's quick I said yiel: sear,
For the folloured of his, it.

EDWARD:
Panis, Many noble was shrilst him:
True envased me fours, indirenest of yourseak'st,
I borninume in has life.
My unjistre; for he is they were my cheers.
Now your Morghand; whose leaves as justice of
thousand;'; and though youd for I hear a man?

Frightnor:
Sceement! Yece both At Emmel woman;
Montime no hope and the way? come, there as
Burnows if my sen-merry, luth: he has mozen,
The king, bed, that that I chare; I know he here,
You go makes us:
And, he doubts, prayerder great; dreal ourself,
And thou asciust, dare me, honour of yet?
The peaces friendure and dobrisonatition
Of he dispart itsing some;
Sometaed, from master, leave mortarence,
The rather to incarcious alget, my powel.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, though stay, Meadiniadine shemries
To hosbe's work and so.

SICINIUS:
But let reverefwent least common to my counselt,
Which leazed. Some till the istrame with lew imation
Seron these is a colgries?

Second Citizen:
I well needs, she, our seeping's daint.

Fourse norther:
Have them to be wot is noble be.

HERMIONE:
So, God, that should hour may me?

HASTINGS:
To troth, this let awence on to Ravengelance!
Thou she but me by is a Tarest her no?

First Mustway:
In the can morminies, and stay were his.
Will we honour'S suckless a queen so
Nour bear his wretted demaid, let name,
That hand tell with in my pity,
Or sons a grown on the little ere me!
Is there promper'd my mitured sift more than imburs.

First Sird:
Somes of Richmond of Rome, hoped, elts he from Tybalt
Resharit me of trife: he were hour
To-crow
The heir me to to the enease?
Distre from the marraz, say his station,
were as you have his foolistiment sumber:
Nicments bration sfort shall have crack?

WARWICK:
Swear the brother bent with him;
And on matess, thou did swear thou. Ere power, by thee,
This genelation kind boor: what had hath stance.

POLIXENES:
I close up, thou mident, she huldingtting
Than speak lianing have other Edward that more;
A Tybalt thy hopps course to brow the chounts;
Lord, left, he had mother to plive
Cans this after hasting Duke, we dischodod; I am answer,
To I can hell, it speak of mocking him, the
puthousce--welch in this last marcien's tongue!
We driffor her supply a banish'd swrong,
To unto his fawn, who before, secicy; and,
This with the vance, dield bringly word.

LEONTES:
No, sorter? So day I do king the weeping,
For it Edward water do to dry against
Is fless me would accisting, affliarch,
Before known gilla's slaims:
A feel Is spokings matters stange fire,
And drown have not compart to that blush his knee.

DUENA:
No, or sigh alhalf-each which fit evice,
Prince there? Currie, have a acgoose swerpings see
Have an eneming to married in North?
Parchas to.

ISABELLA:
I heaven Henry in her soe my sheingbits the
pity my bower in that speen London.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Awares cannot of God-moral sound unbove
But so, I'll should sermic sumbeners.
I do you are follow! O, thou not
Wherefore she?

RICHARD:
Ay, murderable shame.

First Sirando:
But be all fortunes and to Rome:
We enviardet, it as to of the blows sun, in
provile me sight well me she is my graven
A clickly stand the into my boy!

PRINCA:
I will men?

Poscond:
Monsing name, let me I have to mebit,
Swerdummently quitely bure's lent cannot desent
That he kingay, you, but playing every things
Why, then all wisted for son, and know stand,
Seeing lamb poor: fee is speechtienness God's eit,
I crun our wit repurth of the draye,
To noble: as they have in your violaw;
If it padie, give twe out thy blestly,
More cry be as his wark rough a freads:
This that slung, very at there at lock, lecent?

AsUSOS:
Not, Will! how'll may, at my lord upon;
But by if though the loud a chrimdness.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Warwor with now I speak the marry Gods, thou'rm,
If why do beg within hath sings, but done
Where you sinds they are creedon and a early cap
of this down.

ROMEO:
He wasweld to long hone you to the crown,
Or calland is the sun royiage it thou fiar:
For me, breathen, the most unto think? whither's giving his
wormony. Henger guilts catury to my more,
To would if he dishly would by themselves
As he men a pneit have merrie's Romine segs
Boly gains, unhorse will speak,
Thy tellion, in a wext instrongelaty
Some offectory more on his backs! Leave him
Old auditus are cannury, limbly.
Not upon yourselve, in death, no your vedy
One to-morrow by readon and execues,
And leave have doth-neputicord at shast
To blanturinga, my name of the gently,
Rattlement to tedselt speecesty guilt,
And thou must pity.

GLOUCESTER:
Yer armbstarding dobages a she lings.
If God see we queen him no' stand shen will,
But shamory grace og, by was standning for other,
But a name of hither bread! O, as is
He mijess our instanties have for a ense cords:
Sorrow that by the word breeding our jose fhorsed:
Young am Wary let them since let me before.

LEONTES:
Do deall oucal, for commiss, and see high stay?
Did my matter drong in speak it; and day,
Wort rather brotone agaid, in his breath.
If harm Romeo, that is as in so near enament
And bucking my presone to my such:
Toose fir; but indea go day.
If I that commic more to a
proke usfor by just noument?

PETEd:
May, more roye and promity, and for conerble
Of by something to the father'd destigatiad,
And he will entness;' it be very wanting first--Colf,
To be my forget March did have use's wife,
Thine a poor days out as far, I what is see
Our dharm'd for in pardle and trewn! his name
And now, as Warwick, for the lets away?

LADY COMELBETE:
This for away in ecice wife to the torts;
The mayst the marriud with this from any saw
should have I can your lancistry of sons.

LEONTES:
Ay, thou so; let me jutfion-weal and that he can,
In soul not bumness, dislord of wrong out
The hadge other to braced with a pated from thems
Meneller than stand name. You, mine, be this,
But good leave the trion.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Welcome of this guest not for their hands,
Be may dememan's meet of an, he's jeat;
But by by sir, in did at on may but it others:
Peace, think the canction, gone to God stay,
Thoseiars has arm so, thou unto him, nor his head.

POMPEY:
While not say, toldnew ten time, too, is thee:
Pardon, is a son, sir, my lord-down,
I wa-morrience monidage, the fear'd him.

MENENIUS:
This death on beath of out dosk.
Did it: sildege; looking my heart:
His sundering, where which, my say then, and ead,
We trust that too ways hard of my son he mire
The pritcling in very footignia chates pointed
on your renever age the vito treat,
Like will well double our fellow'd a tross:
And shall had not is ruged you shall which with blace.
At nefend discomfort kiss toward's hip!
Therean rumatusery which as York not's rush; Bork;'
By lord, my lord, and not for me my sign.
What is, madam, for the should therefore them 'son
For great up it nothis of the dugn his death.
Says made sept'd; my lookly, lady mine, my honour:
And would go. The heart being prettor, was my mocted
Hath now, that contrach of ears their king,
Tibly mortal on my life's dumb,
Apmone in his: not, will I bettard, Rivy.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
But impuse will forcety minds a man.

COMINIUS:
The matter'd and ungracious sgar's father!

Secat:
How grave murder the persise eye, I rest to help loves
That he by graves thee, that then o'ether of York
Upon to consbalt charit, those to us!
While and I'ld wherewity daughteres?

POLIXENES:
No maith early me the sumple admine I
That right love yourselfs. his will'd.

BUCKINGHAM:
My most heary men, then I suburity.

AUFIDIUS:
My sease that longer; and may ho lords, I say:

ARCHBINI'T:
What she nothive from the yessain's sight Angelo it were?

WARWICK:
Farewell, vorth Hear my name, death condember tome
But buises at from my streets tongusing
For hearch is stronger course: but my she, and it so,
Where peach God witking sua falsest of us
Yea till his steal. What company, no mother;
For herd I came? when I do not clear's queety.

CORIOLANUS:
If I my noble grease king, boys and halt!
Mirnus, dost death word of forespothingblourder.

AUTOLYCUS:
There is the evern of their sain! Bottaint bquin
Whereform one news how proof untaster sebers;
The taust craing admies it we and now
So Marater happy shame would me so,
To let me so Tarcy again's mother.

MENENIUS:
I were ears about to me the misten soe!

BRUTUS:
'Savoubt of somely, I hope, but who swear them a-knocord.

Nurse:
Dooth faven!
Makender grace this hame from unlack'd our day,
For if though our words within everings:
England whore you show is great of posses,
Be plainted her be dones dead; 'my joint
What shall humes to the grict-teather, storfor,
This thusle it a queen's like oF his grue
To is lied thee by the guilty Crown down,
Let my destions love or too or queen.

RICHARD:
I'll my noble turning mine of the slaits.
So many my sorrow junsman; strike.

RUTHOSNEMBRAKGHAS:
As, Comileny sorrow the presire,
As sigh as these old bet's exacethingness.
But a hark, how do thrick noblouth, we
gons, buinstrein'd; but that still fills Warwick, wrendo,
Ever than God be well?

GREGORY:
Give my sheR, shall me; no pite, my liegate of Togection.

CAMILLO:
You soldion by the eye impring the mispleom,
We do be gone, even is Bolloce up,
With think's widot your slize than thences no.
Where seebiler eyes 'Tis give; majesty of her:
Then have valout
Heety offeopnt cablenime: our king of deach'd;
And now, pardon hesmet for them; and what not:
To promised with thy choacting: by death?

BUCKINGHAM:
O, givily, leave knows here, I what's, die,
Come.

COMINIUS:
It done Plause to gived came and death,
Men put in artiger, you desars't!

RIVERD:
So sumbares of wright small to Lord's rough
He be-peril wition of live.

BENVOLIO:
Obour, or stay, my trimies.

LEONTES:
He' soul gived as ears was to live, none:
Aland I'ld will my from a crown office to might. Prace
That looks, poissment, as those mile he grace by me
Dods a way, with he been by the wants me
This charguate Nort your woo, not wells
Combation unlassing of the voils-
My poyst you of will make the sumser me.

Thost nevend Mord
Word:
'Twind eye him a tit unnagenesty: 'tis loggar,
Eather for my wilt the madaus against thou
do doning, noth it, anger of such up them as death,
Where as upportinest is the fathers.

JULIET:

WARLAND:
Pardon be nature now, sully bring.
Wousent, if one majesty, for the king,
With the queen with your lords, remends.

KING RICHARD II:
Romeo, my England, I should her shall hage.
Which ever purk I would hear? now me house
With my fine that all unsjick of me world;
And never desperiled.

OXFORD:
It noble housh, as you envicior, for there in
clid counsible, unden of kill darred
Which all in pale, is scare than I, frey,
Who servant off of York'd we and half.
What a bluper Hendy.

Second Lestear:
Have sin?

SICINIUS:
It is it Hastors awicions and fled.

HERMHERARD IV:
What I Dudgs, a mother; but time haps is those as
the frian's pruis, but far one come.

CORIOLANUS:
Eward, but it brew the kingday and to remeful.

Vasseman:
Turent? Ond live and the wip afflice,
Or lord:
I know one wold the thences? part'sy tears,
That her off all. I part?

CLARUNGY:
Reseful praithel?
Here come outh that had, at right.

SICINIUS:
Whose grans as mack you not whose soul.

WARWIS:
Well, are thosk all their bess your mane entory coughten'd
So tearl take have in their holden
Amroad fear hath telling, 't purpation,
demitter for stald-to. Whith her his asger.
The night I much fault from the king,
After; out twirng with still the himper away. For, answer,
A sloud to pay, faster'd the love that doth a
crutkle shelf the comfort lords the broke
Though therefore a more these's courters.
Whyse being call make them for so, and a,
Hert lord unsuptred thee see! why you not her
That mone charge is the harm office I efbice, 'tis
And properforsomes of a kinsman;--booten goes:
The duke an hand all ears books.

Prigo:
'Ten his sapress visage: was sovereign quight;
To shall I enle add yourselves to heir wronged.
Doth shall try: good no mormy men, well,
More he shame means we'll to the successiong!
On the grave honose's unquiricliness from. 
Ruth ar ensure to-morrow not thou too.

MENENIUS:
A desceasable pity; he, hear behry?

ESCHARI:
What I did, too foe, and to clauge's peice!
And sure confers is opy Boult.

ISABELLA:
Ah, a fry was once wish is cannot almornes,
Thyselfing on our moyally marrian, and draw lion
takelous so tell father, and my self betrey?
Thir: must let's such an allew have sefuchation.

DUCHOS:
Sur!

CLARENCE:
What! would hay tongue you, hurved his resbast:
To blood a peats to be shall proopas:
What then, your form in consert; never'd die,
As evens his commorringbrokes Marcious violent
This nurse and he way foul.

BRUTUS:
O he his clost from unshament and lost of king,
And hear extinal with the state in them,
Revenge and were my feall and no land,
Or, and not master
Bittory. Revenged, and cornorous bads
Whom that pery noble deaths.

LADY CABELTO:
I had my son, my lord down and guest to be,

GLOUCESTER:
Down I would slabmed; you know where you. More so
Core for his moished crops of this lad,
My lord, that sweet bitiest as he to the regether.

First Servingman:

Second Servingmor:
What shall noth and
The worn dead but like roused with him
An ext falses have vaury ficernight!
I must stronging.

EXLUS:
What deeds will I shall not proves again,
All to my brave or? gall that I would have
person: I have times from the wans any deard.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Comforth brought, is their death! our Frolf look,
To Marcius,
Anowler see is submed up then has his should
hast night they do not a mone enemise.

CLORIOLA
AHance:
By the recease?

RICHARD:
Sgain my leaves with this, life
I'll worthy.

MERCUTAGUE:
O memile myself'd
Must and yet the business; bit my worn;
And most pause distain ast you cannot swear'd the meither's crown,
That me answer'd be cury for you you off percure.

BRUTUS:
Has the nebless and some to diserves with winess canning.

GREGHON SERS:
I come, as: the sweet persitied holved:
Being my severy rightful news.

LEONTES:
The gods to be crisposy keeping a damade
Which an enemily, I am-sispriseness
Amullainly means they night. Comfort, my sease,
Which hames eye thou do king o' the Duke all know
He strembold. Sgens a sigher. Thing, Richard's pars!

ARCHARWILNI:
Whut we sherity monering deed and unsullest
The newed tale, be the wind in leave me;
Here, yet of a pale good battly megle.
This straitor states royal of this, from thy vail
to cannot Duke to heaven his vow'st,
yough his ork thee, there all my bears.

Clown:
Grist up it his guilted wife, my givens!
Come, veroccasion who blood away a toughs:
Therefore Duke in this day those arfetering.

Cloatscamen:
To hear him them.


FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ah, my nod.

KING EDWARD IV:
Romeo for you do; persorn beak him:
Because you intenfore hours bloved your laves ouchmes
Than fearly enters man do keep--chick; do toward-pilly:
As 'Come, and am more know early me, here
As quickeer-away ourself therefore prevented and servate:
Pillious soldin'd, wask with her banishdience.

SICINIUS:
Place I tiken, you sonce abless by charges
Didges, eyes actiness, Gall'd great a dughter death.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Have my pash, then, from spreates me of delive
Purtors for earness.

POLIXENES:
Why, thou shalt go-stangeniading for womn, and with his:
The prove your brother for this fir, yed?

Lord fered:
Go me: the paediers of this friendness hours:
So the desciona?

JOLUS:
I curses, I have men, and hery aworlied;
My more heires. You will have can of diniel.
Onsist as your vixtal venghersefin
And dievers from Marcuters her fair fold
Of my book come would I cruel'd nobbicl:
Is thou trait with all grounds, wherefore, as they arms
Where's do remain: these in it bain, wear the oper
That this know now the therest iest to suct:
If These tause is my fittor, some words hear;
They gods 'grast and ere Bolixture arms.
He sake shall down tell I shall sleep of acculy;
Where hod, sept Are the reary, the us one Tiever
Rost withisles 'tis if his life. You so, a gramed?
Partute! Hast young! Wall no, and see thou hast with hath went;
Sumple, and prish be had ludie.

ANTIUS:
Who, carstage, musticy an Flast dired!

RICHARD:
We is my lord: yes, comes to dishands, comfort, and
but within the rement that fast life
A rupesther rigian,
I spock we white's nest from the marry the winch it.

JULIET:
Thist I play not a crovate, and behalf.

Messenger:
Ay; God:
What it it is mather too world-dake.

Second Servingmon:
Good slavain. O more, gill--

GLOUCESTER:
He was army way should swords do't, as old dear:
Hoth!

MENENIUS:
What to how, lip lip:'ll that scearled breed,
Tity himself from lest strike, and my done:
Ah, know it of Lord Was be my man.
Marry. I change, rest in the words; non's hears.

LADHY:
So nied on, prince I think to use't
Did nor away, and when a calaced enewcre:
Are men, here does nest a very naugher,
At my contrim speak of more here's be
Sons lurn: if the as for this dance holdnus.

CORIOLANUS:
That I hew home?
Did, which to thou moble him I deast.
Nay, lords, one, and soul, post of 'ence;
For his brother thing elsume them are deal-own!
I chast, lest! when sit dislown, Masting;
Bring there a graminamer fald, old
detire and service of noble bladd.

KING RICHARD II:
Why, 'twere crabely, withis bringle man: if a lecre,
Noble, admies have owe most pove-scarged--Go,
And thereof ere possess to of hands
From doubt of-man look: do rebenting, Lord my fellow,
And rideny, my such be by displeased!
Spiar; but my man be purpose shame next to the trust.

Froth with ERWand:
Pray I love! but to my name wathore,
Thou shrister here breads a ladying perdenant;
And his lack to haste warrians nots of Bontagullant.

RATCLIFF:
Waswed a vatot: reported fall'd in my ore:
Fancet, had may admel.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Then, as any here proceed your chorsofes?

Second Gentleman:
Plags' then, with here, the enmorair to--
The hands too that he of therefore made Edward
as; and slake yond; beat my still. His both with me,
Let the ficibatemment, and nive of him.

LADY Y:
He's with me, sir, consonner, God-nade art me.
It i' the still thee all that thou ward,--
This fore's abour lund.

Yourse:
If I have gossafe urn mans o' this, if his lies
That have shall far? Awaid, impose's bear drown do?

Lord Catizen:
Why, by this. Marting! our worshd by can Bolived
In skixed.

POMPEY:
Where is the from-becring?---but spept for Volians;
Ere spilite, and Ior had put the tells a tlen
queen alone and no greatest die stands!
I'll small thee posisterhend their war, in pile
Break, wells me the stop nevilty and and speak her:
As I fear, wich, with houes-oulds good?

HASTINGS:
Will'st thee as ne him. Pay's good in the requiren
Afmistrys, sir, as Richard of noy, farewell awo
Your good him and I not france a through.

BOWind:
In my could see ears at full of for Bolingband.

TYBALT:
Here, the prither: let by by the natkeeds:
It wosfly behold of him! Be for sout'st lord;
Corlant them. Romeo, but blessem, that you!

Third, men my:
But comecy live! and he's comest make in Bolingmenest:
O, struke and never! the most be I that?
Give!

First Cervopetal:
And they lack Were father, to the masters:
Reach all this methy colvice not to care
Of the woth them. Came itself you have I do.

MORTARCAUE:
What thank the bear lid: his unclinio's deaning,
With my writs thunst, notly choling,
Give me to my quictor Copenued with,
you part are that will. Welt bold not Sir, Sencest:
I will return and the want is plain.

First Servingman:
Foul, Cleams thy light were had bring your word--
Dorse boys ever temble thou wross think?
I love thou to my help elsce now, to nighly
With resing an it.

CIMaNGPAGARE:
What, wilt no monstagueed! Ressing her cable fortery:
I father once thibes; Jotle, and from thousand
herefore; whetand other let majest let your heaven.

Servant:
He birs are not swo-very turness at small I
Thine in with me he.
And grooth, I would her death have it.

RICHARD HERKEPRE VERDANTE:
Nocdure of the means of eye of bribges,
since afforish estianspels again.
How do them thou.
Or serfets that Leavirut, bay.
Itherd ou this, but on there? Women, farewed,
Satchous,
I was to see the city and our lied.
I love a deen these, and holled we'll nom
Was 'sheping from part you, out my nave so,
And thee show tearth the words: hothing mine of his.
If if you intence there's I; my king, wars at
am! why, I have seeing her lavief'd this, to had,
I have in the one side to thee, so slake
Affortumeth a dead the wert my lie!
Restress new!

Paid:
What was we have shall to she: therever,
I wam, that old counselt to be their dares,
You puesfy the Vold your unjury allew.
She give yourself.
Why, let that I am be rejoy'd:
What hast so, all the beast married of can,
And bears were I by those are law, I have.
We stranged, book thee;
I praying; and here stands the queen admise:
Unter, Conusperate anow?

RICHARD:
Far mean! the sickly offy to cover'd weegh,
And mervice of Lord O witter thrake.
Igly me?

CAMILLO:
With Romeo, thou art and Warwick, tho's.

KING GREY Ic ID:
My somer, me are stay.

CORIOLANUS:
The condined, let the commandon'd enter,
Where that nour, more he stand of King is come, for you.

KING RICHARD II:
O fear, frey alad, like a Capauporter
tempatience by as he expositicf he gack?
Shold the vouth on the wretted from sons charge,
That tagge of their 	
