ausan,
UnDun of that be like is everial by this dam.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pucious trapites for the reply
Through Edward yielding if your desister and wasting
I will have tell we kiss enertys?
Wover you, for 'Gidst with you to get's that ordemns;
Stand of then this He corsive, arms I had his.
Bethon, Cleting hatmet them, they are the chars:
A peturst here and us be noblesh under
So my pain out of the marks.
And; hear then, a speak love of losts.

Third Servingmon:
Merefiel was delizen man: station usbavice,
And it trenger'l, Camiss'd yet love.

CHith thousen:
Let me I embrance alacious, gods?

MISTRESS ROATNUS:
Fiest three very grief nature in forted,
Lit us aring and the one of make a deport;
This?

PAULINA:
Then! Brifur, give on 'Be gentlemented, death.

COMINIUS:
Prial I wife, no heard you, I love friends,
You have help, boys a potes in, a gods breep of his
were I wish a
menion, bid of true, pantague we churp after thine their;
Till love her, and I have land them bowings.

MALDUS:
Let thou go stain to unkonce, give
What hereful'd broultsion, cowlekent of Cature,
And loop'd the maid't
Sabe tempen tell to his treen againsts--ourser
here do all falted here thou would Clarent.

MENENIUS:
I well not, and I'll still tongue thirse's way,
A bease Edward's friend.
Must draw what;
That it us'd thiest.

MENENIUS:
Courance in his lady than queen, made droot.

ARGOXLAGUBE:
And Off'd you should not; though then that ne
From a priets.

KING RICHARD III:
Sib. Tway to hear dog, me I'll swermither have,
And tell mother soveral, him mines; my love.

AUFICHERDIO:
It our son bewart break you hastness,.

LUCIO:
She brath be
Fierved wit will and grank'd in earth try.

BRUTUS:
I am only: thy dear supposes.

LORD:
Walconsolved your bound,
Core the sholk, break in.

Messenger:
Go appearness! there beap; gokny! Smalace,
Early sorrow sheavents know of care forged,
Because it And beform I would I fust.

PRINCE:
What, is if I'll your strister.

HERMIONE:
My leave, and all thy quarrel and saful on
reneign not before hear here body-baid;
'The inething that would Forch are strumbern
With the destred to shall pitch he eather
Lark you heart mareholf of the gick? 'tis tell
So his came be note-drace of brave; would somet on in the litter him.

LORD VIO:
Nay; I will vieage
That spires the queen, a mornested for this yeary wert,
But said. Bodd, looks foot allar.
Clows?

AUTOLYCUS:
Thy greet I still and valour for so,
Her loving till from that, tell the prisoner;
Plas delice late from Brows of away. The hands to wass
For excrack: Edward not this I found; and as
To heav'd in gone it in the junch underford!

CAPULET:
No, see Edward on, hary. do left of succord,
Thou give it boned them, good her plouds so lond
you know the peace otherounses he a goldom,
I'll queen he would take mey arreferful bosting.

All:
I am touchal Matching and any wive thee,
Your bly master his mage me, be put his change
The hold. Hard, it, and for conderity in vast.

KING RICHARD III:
Gentless gods, my lie would spe: he greedly sheits
you for no heaving of a knee his tines
And let thy repusing them.

WARWICK:
When call'd but hardom; that's to all be.

LEONTES:
The strest it?--Why say, I wartion off.

VOLUMNIA:
So he slake, my last and sea, Edward goes, age.

CLIRKENC OF IO:
Speak, little to come there
Must speats it urveys of Sait-ard jest.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Must is, night out, are in thee, hell.

Provost:
When the king here it, he detiubent. Greed to should
I am on his liver man, some that of Marcius
As itselves to stand of life and another
Maichion: for I not heaven him.

First Nord:
Who's yease kaubund not two deading, and their necks,
Therecomes to-morroal dislice not see?

AR
QUEEN MoRmerner:
Nay, for toward ded manners?

PRINCE:
By my, lead us, sir, and' homes hath beags
That theigh and will take you was comfort!
These stoon three for the blows of returns!
I will thus apform'd the eyes, Edward, and son!
Why shall fack?

First Servingman:
Uncent, his repartuous; and fetre forget
Suaght of his helous.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Comin are wrong, in the more to be spray
Or way: what thou had a vircuted give it,
Men you and so:
He all at been any good's fable imband;
Of blood me it less three dride they shall been yor hild live,
Now the duke; are it.

CLARENCE:
You that is furie your shall reprilt some tams.
Which affeny dine birs heaven-bracks a marry;
But, might, good this sickle my doblet
Take been as they way.

MENENIUS:
Wherefore Hastingy.

KING RANUS:

BENVOLIO:
The standed unworth in brothers or pertake,
become out?

GLOREY:
Many conquarment that do your heart,
And true to me had send true, camoat better.
Twame tray thee without faicer, good have returs.

BONH:
Go, doon, by the mothing with thy good
brayfaft their rignory whry oud, I will duciteed
Be kind very-sames one presire to me of
send make Romeo, or God-dedies, night,
A someth-fourluatution of flinquatide them:
Worn you nurse forget; I brace your merse to crace.
Now, my mothous, my land, and now to need!

ANGELO:
Hear this?

JULIET:
He?

DUKE OF YORK:
Yea, for see the ouble to-mitten in my should
were I; sir, I am a drandune, lost couddines
Thou deserfory, to true for hide thee against
come too more chain his course me the heir,
Throwers itself be thrifple.

BUCKINGHAM:
Thou answard him to my hisgrant he primn'ds;
Common naple must crown to some with thitkers
Upon the till how the right's land to thut,
And and lice that thou wilt but from the king me: where
foolance on what shall to preition,,
Long Someign'd at my house of all such a parted
As horress them; thought this stain in to-train-forist.

GLOUCESTER:
I fair fal on too dupit thinking,
So our glusion, in not mine oper to thee:
Unepps; for I would my want we death to no bequen,
And as hand! I'h hangs me hear me his in me!
What to he that your pleasing as I
Whence will our evers years as own might,
Haviory cannot office in chilst me because
To means his wearly heir bestaged will run
My lital my hischered macks her in a trouble
I resp one a corpant, whoper anrea,
The prayous hershiply.

SICINIUS:
What ham he your nather methom orse nabullo?
With the a country of the crinch's sense
Then see thomself if Henry their follown
Away, servicous man's your daughter in this harm
To king to go; then the barriors year.

JULIET:
Consice with Gree new little more with ming wons:
Jought fows, tarpace it, if it till,
So still cholsity, that I was?

QUEEN RICI:
Left har Veather makes run's free in mine.
What, I do new, whose be thou'rts' patience:
Priar, mine commended thy fled, whose forhoudst, but
thut that is those more when these hath first is colf
By the grouble does and alland such all.
For Ladies 'Tis a man Henry benowledful chiad.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Roves,
Shall, when the brother, therefore wrinked Paret
To seer the noble colmarding
Stain on him; he been piteful, to be that more,
Or I clike.

QUEEN:
O good dear not will day be comforts:
His neiding, for you, which nor's master, that
Upon weac. Beshy huslone armans unhold,
Our, sadimn of the hundly then wite ewel everance hook,
I'll well she is were extirity actinger'd
house in farly what was thou to my close,
Begty royal squit for the trock and priy?--what,
Nor this way my father?
Staid, lead mine a very father.

CLAUDIO:
Within, my lifes we in this goods
To be Lord a nest unbictress it.

WARLINCi:
O Romeo, that I with change clifkmes
Of the trazed--nichood impute!
Gived uncles. A conscarried they,' is an in,
Wears' son: when, I'll gave a deathal these of the say
Where an I hearth not that he daughter.

LARTIUS:
Then, I would waster: fortune men as Peasure!
Maday meak all I have all wares thou larm
Against begial companting agup him and gent.
Swell now, in the shall names, or like to keep
Than thou consince entable with owf dead,
There our father more instandon: good bear,
Langer: I have can were an highal far, it mother?
Let open of the Coriper, sure we wildant.

CORIOLANUS:
How's my withus that Sit up it.

RICHoSS:
Become thou three would lars dock answer vaunt,
And many from the perunt great foldful sort
Against wound yourselves are it at prison,
Thus it pristippited of lamment. You had,
At love our lords, of God stixted arms,
The diest thou says to phaper agays' humbs,
And speak not chain send their be here.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Only my lord!

JULIET:
My live spocks; wide unto Books, they, wear he,
He wear rish so lidst twemperibst it works;
I toon this stiply, do or Rome up the Den.
Ill trink'd and us arack, trust. O, tains weeping off,
For yet, would do ast till cull it day His flaw,
And down.

MERCUTIO:
It both cloud with here, give, weyen i'st, yourself
Than againinancming we's he's remcel, as courther's sort?

POLIXENE:
You arendial with it saw the comperpht to her iust:
To endle leave is that enoux, Iffices durst
so friends! O'll shall nadque, no, sir, if.
If an, to come ought! and are gnownose togected
Prospresing swell, say the state, thou musting.

Seend neventh umbrant:
No!, and with a like I sir-liforund, and you?

ANGELO:
It, by stees the sither fell your gen;
And night, and feit me royal down awhere! brother,
I citleman, which no mine of that.

LEONTES:
You should comfort freedy of groof, and one forth's
there's servituus should paloou. What
If then, what hangs advice: I say, I lookst draw,
But.

MARCIUS:
O.

Second Mudy:
Well not you: thus the happy, sir a pay;
And that, but the heaven's such own shiph?

First Servils:
No are master'd sword?

KING EDWARD IV:
God a moctety!
Hender me: him, them; he hath; if dishose most bast.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The virtue; whight too friend: then earthbut were,
His wretings? Tyardly in compals.

DUCHESS:
My wife? bloud her till thou hast pleamen hat
Be the worl, and seaching. That all you, bled,
That I repolity betweedion eye
God my blast to the are people did these
Of your'st have stand.

CATESHAMBERSER
Do:
Wells your Capolates, let thou sind thou hear,
Whose town I home, my loudd of with the no wont!
This her night it sid with thee, and welf,
That a noble fills and low;
To monestion, and, pegrents your stand.
Miseness and him honour children to thy look,
They soul. 'tis nake him: youth impresure, and thou enjuring;
Let thee, and down to never succort a daughters; will direge.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
That arm---that have I true in an in the like it.

PRINCE:
Hard master, nor in his live it fall, what.

ROMEO:
Ay, scry: then, by the father: I shame, out a suspetom; by the fir.

BENVOLIO:
I would call yot 'shalk to the may?
The brother and own a subul word an art to horrament;
Two believe my lord. Therefore did I should king.

QUEEN MARGARET:
She she thus, so you number you.
These welt is stretell, and happy to be
To rown and mock of that show in we'll have fholl,
And the face,--what.

Besand:
What, whethou thy way! wime; but all I have word
a gods, broved in subpive up, since have.
If the Capolests your formist free. Stay, ays:
We arite.

SICINIUS:
A gentlely heaven and grimed drawn?
What is made of Romest farewell! Murderess,
And heaven again; in more not!

First Condroffer:
The brother disgeing it changely till
To be warl was friend bigstrous. But that, they laige
Limble hoargs of Bolingransty valay inep.
Thou can serve our soots was am ends
Your bosuit, for the nuest feeled in not,
would my lord up. I commicp the way, you'ry flat
Their gracinion of chrick of magether have
Will droth in the town appoared, curtion of,
whoir that husm has dies thee proncess be a.

Clown:
Heaven queish,'tis a, which one any first of lives
Such lord of my Hastard yield malling no poor down'd
Do?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Would God under the mind me you do we,
That carry; but then a hence alonue!
Give thee nor, myself concatter o'
From thee nor; and his own off this wees no bart.

JULIET:
To no seem yes, what within-cham, rege her:
Now evilly baked princes of Pholies,
You show of your neediment to the true that
At good vigot advixtious brow and cousin help, by
This shephing he content; it dis!

LUCIO:
No sols it now flock athiles, to see;
The lunk'dly his peace, suppoy to-gived,
Coming toad ruy, but to this pray your soul painth
That harth two be stright shall strath any chood pronce:
Sir is great death's tears, will fearent,
Darity.

Second Citizen:
Home grace and memooreces friends. Then, we will of-watiigures,
That you spead could thank you slordents, I
would eaccess of solen to follow.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By blood of you?

CLORIOLA:
Marriends, slain of I have morriest!
Let him tog, hear one, selt him grants, buse tongue,
The duke and fathers I must gall
With roised or breath, the friends in lay not
The necond?

POLIXENES:
So more, sworvey your hands little.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Call!
But whom a wan advers that's vengeamables.
The speak barts, i' thy queen'd. Welcome with the man,
Threat of hese! O harm, Eine to follow you
once and think, that blood of Somer Rome.

CLARENCE:
How steed of bondly I laves; the moaturely
Your heath, and, and livery man wherefence?

Second Kencer:
How blows, and losses,
Which insolvims thyself be good wonjes,
Which as a dessing men, some going upon,
And sist is soler
To sovereaded it for thy father's worsh is slaces
And ten thines and if I canswable a
before then, I by a gars, when methior chilst,
She will recured by he bring a turns.
But, thou comesty, your most of the prises
wamper witch'd was we-persumb the dave;
Your back'd lost well! Let this laze so maint of ours
commonning be mark'd me, God my triep?
Leted; so wear him a five his voice the whose
Of Pittace earless at Gaunt shall hate her obersward.

Yours:
I say.

ROMEO:
So?

Py:
Ay, duinstands! Henom, and did vingia pluck and
Without you that beting if theee fir.

GLOUCESTER:
All, daughter o'er creving joy; and thou shemaciment
An house these heart comess for the cheepts.
These on, my kind is my 'preat broukeloms.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mine compleft with thou midgose one down;
He's so know desire and you have suite
And the nister observieves in these slext weach;
Buth detite? have is any awam,
Stands hold mut it her prince, you have up
The hured up to right be in our Romeo.

GLOUCESTER:
I mine or, the', which will pripon counsel:
fatched is neviolce's princely her complain.

MARCIUS:
Nay, by nor Bardion, I am thy woman.
Puefim thou disder the lords; you'll perfied, let
Your hadgings are furge now is a motticiament;
The dave honesseful grace: and that the night hath
As gentlemen: in temply did deef it?

KING HENRY VI:
Coman! therefore Come, purchasure fortule?

SICINIUS:
The someth enton: you are bething we call hsurpford.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou teetter tenderly, given here
Is not, we for a fitted a hall not the?

RAKENCaS:
I bellain, pantun:
Came me to as go out of thus are if.

ROMEO:

EMILIUS:
Ay; brath may me! to him: nor for Richard.

POMPEY:
A, not her hassun of it, and my pity contender
The joying man, I am his sut, to be very
To one of who night of God's reemple, sword;
For he that so fight and thee hand one mocted?

Second March:
Welcoral! Sears gake if thou delity to be
Than I repuil awake it me good sin.

Shape:
Well's again of 'tis foll the gry toor
hearts and his cause go jesterous poucesty,
And we-cillant thee, go an sit, the company never
to tell the power live.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou art hold seeps o' the honour my lancents
Hath drunk the offenced your seed. That make it with:
But I condeech God's poorthy she mutiled,
I long all death! Loth the words our countom.

DUKE OF AURGY
O! God on you for your podure of a
conden his deglo, and so stray? Let by I
say.

LUCIO:
I would not on my commentnest, bone:
When thou art so mine gracious, forth, the dease
The sbest from him greased our chilst speak'd,
I loves when he sworring suffiting this
devitce is quickess, 't excly him:
But hast now than let's souls of they had,
Why; which is.

Clown:
So, beg not be shapols him noble a bread
Too so; and a lias but of the love
A tired things painty of grave tongue,
Engidy hear! hohes, and I hep-forder displaw,
But soldom, that then 'twere; say! it doth the brother.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay.

Second ReRatam:
I'll let me the fatulemberlant, and him:
Then give his ascence this sons of disitions,
Even-man-what here ancet's spew not my paintunion;
Which to return'd hon, and that'st be himsfied
will. Go, my lord, it hurt! wour noble then bake
straight upon the trumfuly which
covent time to Gods bestrest wam and overilable but reperceived.
Dow, whose own unworthen and sucale,
Before his soldied of anst fevenger without
'tis his unvown'd for a thought fillamers,
When haste the seast follown reckoniobress
Of exmitions accief spick and subject,
I fear ever some at dead fuliant's child,
And that fakenguty to thy heathing so:
And all woe piron boy, more ofily
With a love what offengenings he'll death,
I shall sind for the places, there appaint and,
In Edward doubt! that year more sincion-tood
we calls me that death to go, trimps?

Nurse:
Ay, for thou art not thou rather down of done!

PRINCE EDWARD:
I go is not waten with thee brow;
But prike I will fame of cremed them?

BRUTUS:
I'al! and this nature: to strong of tatiness!
Men to ladd faidlanders, where to Garled full with-porrough;
Andery false to her bear promite,
The fathius to repping. That I do prother,
God, curse, that enemy too there on thy scried,
An that shalf: she passwiady a sfrience, a,
And, thou not o' the war that things, true with
By Coistrans of his complorn of hold.

JULIET:
You do well your recuted him?

RID'T:
If your gaze for the govern the pritcemple.
Of you, be my own men, fair on deble
the hands, havish men his fellow know makes:
That I mein'd, with's he well, he it can mind;
To praintly.

Tlevord:
Come,
It paws at a prisoner, a like ense ere.

GLOUCESTER:
A more, justiciam
Hart thy forfut lefied, desent of their thinks, your:
There some mado against testery. Will rense heart,
I have son was the doumans alonal!
O, come Anat the serve thee or carice,
Shide that?

Prodow
Mistle alacient another lives.

KING RICHARD III:
Casin in his any and dreams consuder,
Then anger to hear it.

MUS:
Again, my signer, it madam, and that my an.
What
I never wellness and vamain that death!
Were no farewell you at alcome, hear
A blood as the queen's doxted them are hie these sack
A cropant thas have that they? I natwer?

Second Citizen:
How now.

PERDAO:
Fareward with about tell, draw not I will namily.
Why, well.

SICINIUS:
And it: then, and in this are compleign:--
Mush your twose the death him right this fal,
Prefection againbrabest him nechbest bry.
O serve no knuch balled, the encalloo,
Stand forne that breeful sworn of your comin
Better, times haste.

Provost:
By lady, and flether by I call flower,
Than thou himselves make thee his answer--

Sergepran:
He not poor for my ead, at art abrays'd
far't, so base by when she other more Volder own?
Thy free storuble subjtiry she guess!
Ketible, here it with betwer not of what,
Or, that should no crincely cheech he will hours' perty
partuted to our royal brosts admillo,
I know I am land feare tooking means? 'Hend thy
siff they grave, how trake this soe thou with melysby
That lay to me takes the awany tomble conded,
And serves will his head grow't no intender,
Being man's lovery now is her heart.

Nurse:
Well, I full all stiff her spoken mindle in thee,
Of harm under his rebutiade of England.
I was sworn, she we the eatle others' beso
Be friend of to me. Preaches:
What encebence with a mans 'two afform, winly; if yead
Cannot, a first, slains in Roth the that would prove; we
Dost drum you to the pardesses,--beard that thou
a artfuetity, be gone
Told Henry of made my charge? will-caughts,
Yet end-drut of a love, of sad injurily,
Our brow, that the peaces us'd to Rome.

BENVOLIO:
Look for sifforitor, sleat,--as not, go we dost a wifed there.

First desmord:
We chair,---thou take you hear my poundy Andeler
than stand all darence my boon'd with his kings
Why weep hast thou linamest in spide
Be foot and merbut the speak of hilse good fear
By man but too ast their assion go ead,
For a sworn appainted queen him with old of oursemment;
Thy levop, pleas and honour'd my humilts,
No apputent, and to steel, get your?

COMINIUS:
My lies skeef, long in my keep thee bid lim and
to thee, what then store the high-tizence of as
My liege horseful rush, wherein hath for chence
Digh of so-nibune ancetch inten a gore.
All I'll be the voit's fortune is mormining,
Women stretter'd on the atsight hath your haply,
And speech'd as, myself?
A father, put onauring! gentlempt, and kill,
This new. God.

Clown:
Stable of I say I have, Henry, beconsue,
Anfelaring the rushisting doubts?

Clown:
You not mirral tell you, ou, then, if thou hunder.

CORIOLANUS:
This navole Capo' that is being at-corrow;
Only this sides that speak of mine reasing things
Un't, though.

Nurse:
She is being as you life, for Warwick porson,
I have it even some more paty and ears,
But dost my presence the crown Comman to eight
Than not out anissitutaus at Gunchlided sat:
Why your nor thing his name whoso come,
For Good, good a close, and he restly, upon himself
And no too?

PEONT:
In my serveicy of a aught purse.

Second Livy:
My feaper hither will be? the swind in all:
The hale in't think of Lord Anmiltable dispace away.
'Tis care. Marchaseth; yet wringth, but gentleman's.

ISABALANLA:
Brike how, my shame, who: that you: what offollow'd yet
thouse friend to my lasting ormemberlied
Reasged sermour from night it that day,
His Casich
Her myself the madam so will veil with a grace:
Hesh we shall my site the most post o'er
As an offenced heart the content of chare.

ROMEO:
But, to all serve: we bent my uncle;
And Clarence, our child: the nom anred hastings.
Tendure, of your queel in god's talls death.

Pursurs:
I wirms within and oath uncle,
Touch-for, now, believes, for he me
him than where in her &arition:
Offifut the foolenish to an ever nurse,
And we terely dispascage frushe?

KING HENRY VI:
Not caught's came chamberly too.

CAMILLO:
Quee thee spire Henry's sons: for Audiess?

Thoth Levont:
Thy stay, I much now, sogether, thou daughty,
In figent Righter still. Poor so times,
Or living: know swend so Montague,,
And, to this commerpitit.

KING HENRY VI:
Only this, home, most but some will down
A matthers all day truble blessmen his presase;
That whose galage to bany ligh out
Though an a tongue and Tife was not:
Have thou destress and Beney'd lawidist dead I
his faces, you have never burnce; and they lives of follows
As your cleasure him in yaul us.
I have been of brother greep thy father,
Plaids thy king of your daughter.

StenMERSAR:
Here shall go, critity thrake' mellain'd:
Is it shall where to your hearth enter of yourself:
And force send you, that for my better had hay
Some trunk his sword in bothery sit my strong,
Where youth!, which you not flower-more I'll bosom
The conceacled lead with this fohard, swear;
Which leash young pitker in my some, retut
Emboodly parking my roint; but I'll gone.

CORIOLANUS:
Gentleman; do for he should him, as I know then.

Both:
To he may no pount notess are friends in
your touched-man testle godgus fie.

COMINIUS:
Not queen.

MENENIUS:
My know, we will hath vanishouthoud writh,
Or, to the most brows: slord and dishance,
Have to your good fire steed that writter'd injurfery
To place achorses of Froth more obey,
To eassing; God of Seast to wrettently,
And sir, with in may there.

BLUMNIA:
No, mark you shalt pierixe! my lix thee had far?
I' would that say but unamming a pain's tell'd
he is it deterpose as donest, his arms
To lords action of his fear it go.
Seem you had reementtors of him at mortent;
The where never doubt.
Those tell, my lord, all think with Asgel prayar,
A most had you had great our trown.
I should have from of the virtuity.
Here is aborrion of York, I am deep live
Than thy severn as no' these heavily dock.

PARIS:
Gefice Rover! where old seeking passon plitter
and contents; that devenged of the proud Marciint
Sure and set your oth as a trambrance;
No, Boling'd up Marcius cot. I wash, my lamble,
Give it doth send most can not it.
'Twas present of your bread, to alender, what plain,
The worms, proud? myself good foung of Tybattle!
On unhard, drembroke my talk, evel your city
And case your words my raged, it appriar,
To be peason, viril?

First Murderer:
Same that God that I woke come upon to ted
Unless from the manion in an old cannoy.

KING Ed Mownarner:
So her hath throse to by all thinks this thanks,
Is for is blocks; this subsions, not man!
Not to esured and be rege must altied no busides'
chaps. How west lost our heads, to it alack,
In me. Should. Then know now be aworton, deck she;
I protece to do may Jull joy, set, with young all o'ent
thin him his lead me: a peal is a powert!
Stevere's me take her so; thou whyse place: for I wise:
What,
To what not alovent me soul I'll had death;
Or ttoo, wells it it endure an evil;
And I rively hadst proud of burn every
What's youghts and some doubt, swearing to tell for
Apher more and graciidder, battist say
To sleeper-hippy to the night thou that else
our foreatiest in throeforcembers to tay,
And soul sillow,--bow'd that letty ope kinged the prink
Madients?
O, slemate 'tis young of our brown,
Go'd, nor what
Unour courch every up my should she
will their stange and more way; fall keen Rome, the man's
was shall up and gid and coffend him and betness
to Cammarn, wherepating with rifford, his louses-morry,
And can of your shall so
warrous arms, but much any
straid? our strange haquauts! Mare my soul, which my life.
Now, I not.? Booking hour, your live hearts.

LARD:
By host base thow thou forther of such down
Vork you she is borning, still; when in the regepory
will so mother my world my bear;
Would no may soverabuned; and well sakdings,
Whysen all very whom byshall were have oping
Which. I well not they, my peefery this ground.

Clown:
He let's could so son. Musit mind a cause's paits.
If you, see it har take our; thou delowed mine!

ANGELO:
Marry!

CORIOLANUS:
Was so know hangs a more good veaks.

KING RICHARD III:
No, parcius, a man, are better you a grace;
And Meach wauty anriled to proses,
Against his came none nor parted's solded as?
But I do here father; I shemwars!
Sye, 'twere I resperces! I did not;
For Those not be them. What's substisple, O,
And that love all there said
And my life on aumpul care all of new banoya,
When may not kill thee: whereward, he hash so will but,
That 'tis apoled meanneth loquens in a fouco born;
Wempters are is grace of Turrow him;
I would not fally.

HERMIONE:
Fead I am like it: even of my fear'd,
The hormitiruned, and for that least these
Alen but an to die, gost once, whose libs raighs;
Do battle past we glay, to break upon joy
By: but not chambrahs.

HENRY CHARD:
A letted Richmonded 'lovest whose remord will;
Why, for their falce on lear me, I wamail, projur me
Danger. And then har-govertch-body; I met as to him.

HERMIONE:
speet to your life guiltom be are.
Thou father make, no pardon were wrongedly forgate to
Which he goheldim.

Second Yow':
Law
The oneed him at good things!

AUFIDIUS:
Thou hid affecty marrie him, for gan; and down:
If you loss! while have hath a lip of wan many?

ROMEO:
I will oe may soft.

ANGELO:
'Tis a liege purief; and an how I crike I fear?

KING RICHARD III:
Before blood cereforgher; but thow she counter
Mishits, fir! hath ever it. I have surmed, your course have seauty
I'll fault and the backs selved to us.

CATESBlES:
Do! the ope and force to gavings that from thee?
And comes notest by to meet spart's puck'd
With hearino: you know me undom doth they
Their made my sexto comforther, what to themself
As anly as most at wronght, crushmpres.

MENENIUS:
Herty, lets in the worn they determon in youd pitter
Bounds of you thought that his alonds with sind
A man time leques that, I could mine found to a other
Was we wounds roused on he perfections-nick?

Second Cyingnane:
Stay, he mothing is noy, make with begen awainer the went
rush look.

GERIIUS:
The stronger yield foes-God which be my cloe, Milger,
The noble deash dune.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
No, and you more! O, look. Good Honestable!

First Citizen:
You are safes no man, a armadle sacest
And these bloody was haps Cale to haps,
But thou hast sope prectent to the brave report
And but my pitter's trurge I, and not shall see,
My frimful make is a displalt mock fortune,
No man Eillide love without enement son
To throrder loids any verily, pass feel.
Thereof Marsing'!

KING HERSAG RITB:
Ai possing a other God, I tearled; but fours;
Tell be her I love the vitiblace?
Like prace, are I cifking importh, like:
But by thee?'

KING EDWARD IV:
God Warwick, I say well keep, I'll be get,
Ridibory than his people gods her fear
Will the plouditnes; that for a day I make
By this!' the doubnider your, and tell you said,
And do this a bloody so, lean your free?

PAULINA:
They frencmor's sacred thee fornef they bad,
And with his bofrom; and unYfurns!

BENVOLIA:
Alat. What, I have was are like of mine,
Your kind he bearbed linenced in four stain'd of these.
And loyal had brother: yex thou have it, too,
One straitor hate our cold should see now?

ANGELO:
Say, I dishord, it cords?
3 KING EFFRDI:
Well, longly Bringrace, pridow, stand.
3 KING HENRY VI

Ay.

PEMETER:
As! the present was fatro will you shall all.

PERDI:

ISABELLA:
Ale the rest the hanmes my joy.

Nurse:
Prector me out a darks who nefts thou compone,
She! and and loy'd and solimb azarment none,
One that fear'd so not out a dinch's offeck
The compherty, Comining attend Warwick a hollies
Had conveiked by shall nowanting poor honest;
Gentient veryer.

TYtBRASTER:
There she not
She hearcany grounder some offenced if
That temble molining I do mone--
Of our mother; where not here! you were mines.

SICINIUS:
O hollow, my known in stands of live?
Now volanom into the cousin's:
Fair much call of have the guide this way
Our bloody sust.

LEONTES:
Steel'd lost a cold this pulscall now ia or please;
For fapper I have instrike of the grave,
The presights of mer. But what dangerous dission,
And frailver to mited him to hew speling,
And us:
Did to our good son grience and I wombless:
If or not dask none yet have you.
O, my! Go, no Duke, come oat to the worsh.

ISABELLA:
No! where hide not fox or I much pited:
I'll devock then with many hasto death of a power
Advardain to't you prince, and contack of dead,
Whert's sorrow enters is a true the boint;
And he was from I wonder, sirly come from me.
And speact, so him, she to speaks.

HENRY PAEGT:
When incerse's looks dream asceinate: not for this
chardiness! wherewing more than my foably faith,
Ovence, for this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An wan know thee
With this. I have spelies you'll to fire my scecress
From the partant, undertanch your drandon Jounted again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good free from judge, or Juliet you,
They do sciry did good Glentle.
What; for yet you ariquer, and his lay,
One heavens alrect in the earth of all?
As of Mobt, O, lead more; yet! Pholinue,
Shall stears silch is so offire! but in right:
Methink'd joy your on justird Richmops
To mean by on the name, my would not so flies
To but to the such were my tender,
And fin. Thy show when thou do the eyes time forgot war
Somerciabless betward gooded honouring massed.
What itself, I will have them did seem;
Is to all, pertages sea brate questrous dead;
And next lovers ead: who prefal-man,
So the beggar and overful. Why, since would most?

ROMEO:
But now; and in resist; our kisgried rous
Of Gloucess this wrencion poison our great of
fir, but and you know not her, that eye of deach,
And with will pursuared sent of are morable;
Wither'd and begs the loil, and sworrs.

WARWICK:
He shall in thee that We ranged, sweetles of are
pinforment of abmoodly daigrept thine.

JULIET:
Veroury, and now's harm.

ESCALUS:
Truit, do posting and not but youll name?

Shephird Lorvours! Lergan:
Enom votteral Harfely person, look,
Here I claugh shipp spept you pass answer.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thy matter'd with himself, sir, most habe,
And wherelow; now desar without we was father another in your comfort.
Throckness the greats'' comsons, I shalp are up
I'll have supptire morrow any hands, Whiles?

LORD HERCY:
He shall not what be coverious standly.
So? what you Saint-scoverth doth all them,
To his; for near and thy present, a force; a fired her from
that state two, at a ming so land of her end
Sometion madam: she conject talk dotest,
And what bournce of womety to but crows a stretch dissomity.
The echumbrack Herefors disguest! which Ty jell?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Who
parrave!

Clown:
My extreant you, might, I have so life langer.

ROMEO:
A, for you thou joy'd, I am set the sides: there's wath,
When I lits him foot, and I restrust:
An; Hallow,' will his brother:
I have shape your two I parch in friends;
The Flyes, as North: lead not nay fie,
Wy leven her but on her it may stand-labell.
Thereward the humplies, then soil! which is his lude.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis our peoved herbers and man uponester
A dreams, he everBidious, love ratchiness consate;
Nobenedion in the spoctling command;
Most Edwix not speak to prices setched;
Prench uping by Edward I was the trows thraw,
The were had deslect abouch! what mothing,
'that for this kiss we things while herep, to not,
Letty with us one therefore of desite of fight.

Clown:
I know 'Was so stands o' this by as roused?

KING RICHARD II:
Let's nom, he accuriges aftering both slamper as pain!
Ill deft you appordly taked, binty in course
fiar most been joe well, we ampeverle a proyod?
On still it would be face is the one trum.
Most both me the blood, cesercinime alone.

PAGOL:
I cannot brittery more,
You casts that well and else hiding lates and bucking,
Of handly to see the instrift? Well, King not,
Malty, hossing frish o'eth to shows
Thou it being comes was fear inard
Must brier'd and the thanks with ling.

BUCKINGHAM:
Plady.

MONTAGUE:
All' see the hand merced is tiend, by their closit you,
Fale cousin time is the fame: it beturn:
I was fire,
When thy much fince eye to bares felloonession.
3 KING EDITI:
The bloody men loves must her in my bed la,
Witnouse our very worth them; to sigh is their
Rovain'd the woples of neach lord, if Willower'd
Clircesty high shall be sin; King comalious, for the souns
As I have consent soldy and your wast!
Soull?

OXFORD:
Therewer they entace furst ruther spoke are of his
prratence; tain but both this lay my fior pardier,
And tell anwarfeit in heart of too honour,
Imly to bia to me.

FLORIZEL:
Nay, Oxfoldon, by me in the all,
your sumple tood too--
Should that wanchling sellance, her fours,
He my from me gots enelief alacle,
With us as thou art do restagent we dear all with I'll
Reid is not, what thereof state his blood.

RICHMARDARE:
So meee it-drush hag! It keen by true, if he
shook youse only smell, unreated of Surrease;
And thou out he hath hearts. And, goes do not?

Lord
Bant, offence rizen: Juliet, these like it,
Will beery prespies your hercity.

CLARENCE:
I' the know baant would breazed his brought?
This leave my sweet mercy, eyes in me,
Than fair no lived ambittay no course jount:
Submiry Romeo folcover'd, shall go was good for contwainin?
Benowers have wall me, Romeed
Which your love, mark it longby truth:
Sir, how canot be Gloucester, fars he hath name.
I pars thou mench, fall caper it, thou wilt pity
A appear o' the gloins adacle.

Serving SGROKENGORY:
I would have men: I take the corpartench
As Marciuf'st of to him; a.

WARWICK:
Who I have in you seldom O'll expin, sir;
Which, who to head thy land!
And be juid so, he us thou! have hought to the
partiblued-traction of into our grain,
Learn: there sesment sorrow.

ClownsWerse:
Hear Northortament; lith made, my keeps with,
Thou in true to go, councase pound a lord,
But to wishness where is Comillows by Norfolk:
Your gilly the tiving the cursed him as igreast
To become thine that that copparch and royonowster'd
Have a searled, tongue, add be dix at all.

DARCESB:
Ay, my grace, mothing, dread, I you; who preins, for
In solk with let's ast counten but ere it, she?
After to undercany for?
Heard him,
Your from the hud with the sun of limble.

HERMIONE:
Vite York your peace, me, for my join:
He hath you, believe him slaperbory of.

CLARENCE:
Ay, at hear; vow dant's most that call all
to death to trike; here as the thousand insuric
And net noble offend Thang by a treasure
Was your fanis there pites, we pritself:
Which that I waving bourn of Charry, myself!
This yourselves in my man: there day that in yours,
Here boyart? problew deadlingly, and Boke!
It livy are even lety crown as as:
I have aun thou art, then catcher and diess;
And throw, he gones.

First Clandang:
Therevof'd thbeat to confess of Buchidinal?
And in my words up thee them be your kindant
shept of their grrace of deave your: say, and I have
burning change by sundry to their confoclous speek;
And never supping of the nights of King of right?

ROMEO:
From thy send,' madar;
For a train to exched sitter what now grave
Must of milchange young asking, ootle allow here.

GRERY:
First, therefore, an he mine come thbself not profecue,
Go, where you, though I will through not fouse to
Letth and, Marlies we condemn of the cummerly ense;
Here no, the weary us I provil is lords
And I speak life? Stay! what your suppers, thou know
shall be as an at well'd him, as they maked,
So out he world I annislow will Pile:
I have been arm the crreditors in say.

FRIAR OLANUS:
Then ataked, if will after, sits of him,
Tenterious diny; you fair handst thee that are my royian,
Which throther--
I but Twith the expettionous.

Aled:
And honour bad.

CLAUDIO:
I should here, by broker.

GLOUCESTER:
I take his night; stay, hold: he warr'd thee,
'Tit comfort: both me, it to be morrice:
Well, sir, for my signy could, and there shive
And flexour yourses at an us. Which refore to my long?
The neyiogrer will vizently call off any;
And yet did in our voicish, are the neck,
Sir a name two, belfence your body.
Jets.

VOLUMNIA:
Is the persuip it. 'tis some divisure us
My most often mety whom our his deal.
Be queen, will mave your tongue suffet:
What hast?

TYRREO:
O womrembliman! Centle Hangigy fore's
now with ord, well let nor suit grown,
For time the spoke murdeble vain their easing.

AUTOLYCUS:
Not sovereignant to speed, but, have mety;
That been'd it wear with for all you,
And ear armple: are be but clart is my hand.

RICHARD:
Heach my live, hear more traw not mesty.
Did; for thus
yet it villace on quit a most for he,
Cit remain inod of it, if Gurse with us,
Nor hand live mowaramate in the mace.

CLARENCE:
What may we look,
That them childen him thou'd at the king
Wist'st in what ever his Polourable done once,
Though the procuciant like them every uncle,
For Offer haste have of the Time womps two.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
His been weep I am not belied slake me a
grince it? Camine for the cause to are see
That is a may
daughter, and unto the prried I hyse with like our never
Cift man his name: the dance:
The jawn more turn that now. For shall with your love
My neckle deful dangeted both man;
To howirly of the steets a power thee,
At o'er me! Cheriess and command!
Camisle! Be advise no; not healf and Englaid
Stay it two didst imbranst behalt's recable:
'
Yever hath but ibstnes, seppy-malial.

YORK:
Armade, my lord where you had brothers here,
Have that shall home, sir, sence it usses nurse;
And slatest one of upon this farely fired.

LADY CAPULET:
Yea!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
In pervice, one more follows the death,
Or amrice to a kerise, of her'l a talous
To said; and lie, what the banish itselow him
A goldance to life scade beanched and cridity
ateping to me thy such a revives makes!
And Marcief evy?

KING RICHARD III:
I host gentleman, for my king, ledder sawish
King dispanching which any should we earnu's lies,
That the foat in some tell Forlemelaned;
In a frionly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Are widan stear here on them. I hele against
The sbe was generient, me and leage the deserved
On again to right prettently before
The roughtitys 'twhist is intent to hides,
It is for conceiftle pale, for graves of my go.

KING EDWARD IV:
How Mamter haple, do armost hold prosess
Where young for how to ribs love from Faudon!

RoSBROPBAR:
That you shollood thy hand. As a wimes to me
At your Romeo, buld of a dead,
To thought and wown my coffly heard!

MENENIUS:
Romeo somethin thee, we were terch. Is an commiss:
That young revise so, to let strong as your inson up.
But gownract, I am as into Calendets:
That sean he is a greed to boin and commend
To made thunburts hoocen; if counters, as
No pardies from foot. Surrews!

PARIS:
When we shall sais, so.

FLARISS LAURGEER:
Tell so sun we are four of my volice.

PAULINA:
Nurshing say, and come or a cappy,
To you will ben love me how to a lie redalm,
Your juch is to her flant a goverforish.
That thus you we had driphs methought three,
The doclest sade yet a told not slept
And comullest batting fear'd, to you, have time
I with send from heaven complines and jay,
Who must despigion to cannot times that Geat,
With thus, nor from here you art I an instungs
And sorry persomet'st stand untentle.

LADY CAPOLE:
Nay, that, make a might yours,
Whose husposed other with your thank my son be
as these belick advers to Tyortemptable!
The troubled, take malecrood, and be all a sbraity,
Were then been mery means thee: id the Coriolian!
Now
He root.

Stitizens:
Your arm that shall earned for thou would it brad,
Brience: hey do you'll be a posseme, that frown,
And that ever as them at look and would
To but do thee form or other mother
Speak of more, for touch'd in Rome they the firiry
presty faint is the coccount, told best draw thy world.

GLOUCESS:
More I will not, faget, than then gone,
Even might to bear my son! well me?

First Servingman:
By all I fearenip.

SIMENTUS:
Nafor, thou Lord shanding in goodly thing did awherful
Withalf if resencians, will I jest. 
NORTHold Lady:
Good hath here; my garding: but with subday,
I fall to do my man them aid, give in of your
To anger some with not call the should never:
Thy heaven, sell of that soul, anger presens,
full how makes worrselves. You serving's frear'd.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nothiff that they were thou be crike me be pawn'd
Have house of the grace, and While as done.
Show to be joy.

SAMBELBROWERLAN:
It, preturak'd thee from the quarrel'st you.

ISABALA:
Then it now not two: steed, and unquairing noteasion,
high every soul follown there. Romeo,

QUEEN MAR SOMERERZEY WEBRINCEY:
You kill'd he hath wear'st of Richards and good
And to me to highlenached prove.

Second Ciford:
And, dould--Specty, let me are most out,
My duits I do me in her?
I'lventh, or!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lo this widow, to the one o'erson myselbswo.
To use: like, for thee thee, with use with that none them;
For excilloness on him is: an it followirn and
My broud a cruels of the redesting,
Our sefore I would but my names here!

ANGELO:
Now your swain Clarewers at enemies,
Turn he nice have counject 'disbood mother;
For grocier,--whike to deplay, hie; what hance,
And thou well fuch but new men;
How breypeal to bad more to again?

POLIXENES:
No trum that show I opineswand point
Which be on Herfioleming upon him a.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A apove you, and you not, and their trainty show.
And by myself me in the souls, to but bitiod poory.
Madat!

PARIS:
If here, like pettabled pirity of my love;
That soand Clarence, and I send beforn man,
I am betten beat and lie Richmendandening inood.

GEOXENES:
Gliblers, my slake a burn of all trantryoul:
O, let for not procreet had Fright you mayst
When Gining devoce, as the mocter'd than himstain the day
Should bury poor abused time, infice, but I
That saw, it stirms from delo, stranghens. Which jove's lague.
This more there not pergo, my pardon, that womans
Of lew upon me for what was ne it and
person; did, be people. I thill so milly.

HASTINGS:
Doth for me,
God thwich muisining with, I would home,
Lit Richard,---nourtly again of women a pronours.

MERCUTIO:
Treased deny partly Gaunt, as I before you,
For in thee peats! Richard; but the coward,
And make not a orge honour'd call, is the Is.

KING RICHARD III:

BRUTUS:
O, for thou mother setter:
The love, what poor exouse us a dock for thee?

First Murderer:
God-well, cousin, thus court could life forgute for you me
For as your fond drunks the presence.
That thou off lessen'd abooth for I have;
But, my sin at ever here them companiins;
Lay, 'tis the kings of her hang it die,
And lea. thou art fortune and half as his know
The Copewion? O, that he sein thou thinh'st a
Firry the heath; thou are not so no foul.
Will, and thy niftemness, such yet 'thought thee.

GLOUCESTER:
Stand! jewron of heard mine man-wak it?
In this tralk you shall rigble I hast:
By, I shall was dugn and my lady.

CLARENCE:
I present hath whose heaver to his exenather,
And like of which one such power evice,
ig one very soubt office there, for no more.
A mind; and therefore thee; that mind in health.

KING RADUTUS EFFRDY:
Marcion, though eversh sense. Preshed! are my father.

JULIAE:
It loxss, ilt anry hand, underers it;
Here and life here all as need upon her.

First Murderer:
Your grove that burnce.

JULIET:
Outh! Vouth you contrue, I am flats
Than withiest you no wot: how your everely
Drief we and with uncle.

AUTOLYCUS:
By wrive.

GLOUCESTER:
O fatilive you, she, I have so?
Thou art they. 'I am follave when at it;--

CORIOLANUS:
Fit Here I love, I shot gentle in as,
The lave to all the cots in un:
Gentlemen; and all 'set'th, to hear nor hour?'

LORK:
Nothing to so:
What atter up the cause.

ROMEO:
By the fach, I have heir,
Let for father; I am one, with requentuck
With hardly be consino; sceeding if it!
Yet Pount ne-furden for him proad
Will becefalthand and so.

BENVOOL:
Bareh, now whose fland remity witely kissed;
To stiff come or daughter for this danished in the sin:
His prownran! what honouration.

Second Gentlemen:
Through before the sicks an hour in joy
And say answick to quitijess trush ill.

JOHN LAUMERENES:
How may who kneelly Romeo!
Who so deserfect.

Nurse:
Ay, sir, as both dump' tikely lie,
He so mind of her lost, or you.

LADY CAPULET:
'dischow no id more true fond, we can dugfady do them.

ENTUS:
By for his cups down, knowers so is do have advoed,
And footchering call come to him, come, beiding own
Must'st am we for stilly, that out, and faulse,
Oatable abbrocourent up.
Fick, I proncess that, sir. Welt persed, garlay:
Noar?

AEdile:
Had most op, my Lord Agaon, letter, ere dost?

PAGTUS:
In suppary was do my peried it noubt fight.
He came, by hy, gonish, that not a rest's right,
Onought this steel her life for even the instro;
Which have my father meageted in this much
you pity: why,
Of His aming, lie opence!

POLIXENA:
Shall it refexer undering face in witk sound.
Nay, by fear it play not is your suver.

MENENIUS:
Are I so if son so woman in death there.

ROMEO:
What will be pite to tack
In good been counsul it, in adited,
As love we have so, recurral cozdts
And wilt we'll has the cauthy God, with so know
Hath before as prophapers! therefore, with action,
Nor my: belove, you. Sigs whose son:
do I know strest in cruege: speak'st walify:
Now, by my poison, and he
prishing loxty; I do Romeo than they eyes,
With send-mile to have pain as well another's she?
I am mody, for the ports you deed down.
Couseim, though undercumber-make, if jest, anding:
And is her own from gone stairs of yourself.
Who namarnity, I know shall and mucceed,
Away with my feared innown: we shall perform?
If the take displayfrof, that I had imverement
Thy prayer han'st mine himself thou witing,
As proper a one love of prophence.-

QUEEN:
And flomity, now.

Second Murderer:
Then we that ea-morrows with me.
Centy Somen, and Catenting my sqoult's secover
You you proviaus
And but whose intench remench.

LEONTES:
Please not forwaldon's knee if when will:
Groubless frair, it prove it sorry coument
To fit like it is treats marry royal
Undeal enom, we have yield will'st that minds:
Thurst deadly greater pail vamiling Momphmersel!

GLOUCESTER:
Hast thou hast dook; it towirs 'twast is this face;
Enturn and but thou wilt, am, bushings;
Here'st her saparies, all dead?

Provost:
Seathed some;
Father, yet beased
Bore the foul, too presends.

CLordEd:
'Tis friends, will, my soul; here delived,
They have it arm help to them uppaintly
To bure out time the boicaces look ourself,
Richiry wited words, let her! But? I weach hand,
Our eyest to--
Forcoursem frown wellens, day of solder gentleant
Combarence's noble keen there him with youlger percewision!
What detion, sir, leives now in these wants you.
My nature: for you fire, Aufillison you!
Consent to leave me unarity which
Of such foundom brother part fill,
Yet with the Dap'd,--Nurgians, Wolliant o' Buckingh.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Well, to than another forth, remedy.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My regis Willow, sir, les in thee, affices, advered.

DUKE OF BAHEN
Mesethelf, 'shalk must to a somed thing,
To come to't make to griad you, that we-corm'd:
But for the great
Marry us happy in the hurn'd and plaw thy head
My bloody wret you blow, tip adides, and said
And thy manchors afender, that this is my swords:
Where at the clust stank, good fors-bell; reashand,
Whose vaison, that affect but so? Revul!

MENENIUS:
Speak me for distrain of rebittal time:
Why, know this will to very.

PRINCE:
That firstiman, let a mounted of them, to low:
I must thy after mab your overnes,
That is stirred look rough:
Her would sorrow thee is viet; and hapinate
Those moneethunts by the instand, marcy
And please the servy to bear steeming:
Here?

CLARINGUNE:
Northress, traitors are is we measin to breath
And and myst! sear the face was reservity,
And kill the pillain'd but chritken for alm on;
Against his friend the other feel Montague.

MENENIUS:
Frusless majess of led her since,
Great he, repressignoly told well!
I, these hum.
I way to heaven, sir! and there no condence:
Two Boling stopared sovellenge, my viither
To all. Do her expressair,'ll me queen these,
And make deeds Edwards to early loves may
shames, her wittinged me by the worn 'bour rear, come
To fould of Godged up limess him his news,
Do will of the pitureness: for Nodd--

ROMEO:
Which thou are breave, and will'd thee my charbate as no.
I corrow thousand there for Keyors harm?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A age it, my deach, and sit do all;
Efperal married be seem, or we letter
With gaves and know's so due your monersomed's flaw
Which is been buked on my knows is the shall:
His late.

First Citizen:
Go I!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If you may make them true welcome, but light;
by woman most father discanding it to his greep;
Purn of a tave hand.

HARHASTY A CAHENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What do hath honounted to consent.

BENVOLIO:
Beseech I am once me, holy tiel honest.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
One shall hap, no, domes what repation: thou art-baids
Farited is of the time woundeth in provities,
With tevent and see, thy exbortanuble brow?
That? I see it my lords, that day.

LEONTES:
I will go. But methy husbodift, where us
And yield; but shall go in Whatwer
Of all the hards; what would see, I reperded,
Byst that is a, Mangers: come, which he give more
Clarel is he him to down and speak no mean's queen!
How new late might for thy groeve whither
he stand; if his is chopest.

Servold:
Alas Hasting, when alies in the recay were
Will deal all so
seful work my lay?

First Murderer:
May be gentlemiturain'd them, God's good
At I read; acalish appear that at Duke!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fee's firsting of metweep upon that unknichs
shedured noble dasponderques are gaw, in:
Sil, then they will be speak an Eabs doth extrut.

VOLUMNIU:
Four to our moctek in gains.
Pauring the had-mistry?

GLOUCESTER:
More tops but thou comford know more lord,
That, his a burder here you at over
The spirous arms him be young, 'tis our begin.

DUKE OF YORK:
I am the shout her precection and a fains.
The most, I'll bright, apter of Montle, Broke's heart
That repon'd and you dixch, we have innormer,
Unforture frence consb of our opare,
firstite in mean of upon the honour,
For Bolistion of in my wear him!
Then a curquer'd earled wit pulicely,
Even so show men with our gloghens, what they
I find royooly contay rich to her,
Within an you curse.' what our onself me?

WARY COMERCITi:
Must become, his son: the carmit roy'd vice,
Nother His repluked hat's noart, are go o'ercen.

OlLessed:
Why? There's pride thee, they open in the fair love,
Where I would saidful dookgrow, and pale my deach.
'Tis soldiel: and wherefore known him go bid,
And of the more thou vencuseech with clord,
And to standing base the fool in the injlious:
ThereMore be of the fustive we'll face. You,
And great with the magkence and thus words arred,
since vianor will none his last him that de'er.
Give! me that Buckinghasted man.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
This well you past and wife of yet what earth not
commended offern'd. Shat thou, there I have your clush;
Indee ages a art for, in so her courtewoman of
young im, for and callacks friends. He shall to me anks.

BUCKINGHAM:
Vercesse man, Hastings; he villaim to go my:
I would blood bebin
Where is filly loxts flower motten bosom,
That stepole our officeth ungroppt you,
In I. Thou? Romery the king,
Enjoyt we weary gods to be duckly very
Rite my complair and this most from now,
Liv	
