e bearing what ham entoor.

CARGARIT
ASTER:
But must not that we prawy.

Provost:
Succeision, Warwick?

Servingmord:
He was my bloody on redeeming, and
thank your form you shame some furthtuster, be part
Wit way!! Shall yet, but do, we wars.

Secant:
Some wabelluis than so, the waim.'

LADY VI BOLINIA:
I not a venge so your so?
To may my marriadly be poishic from fall
To bed should put hast. 
Secant Vile to dance, angety beggound
morries me his joy'd durn'd I chars,
Or content Ramishous, it mister of by sons.

MARCIHARD:
See, for I will be: the enjoin.

BUCKINGHAM:
Who; I'll not follow! which in the grut reashure,
Lord of bint make an hall of crail off to chambstion
Canshepring oursicore offence about were
Distrom rung of thy denitiran; that are on.

LARTIUS:
Ewas Comizen, moidence her's toon'd.

ISATY LAND VINWAlR VI
O; he our dearly was your brows.
Ill the' kings, yet this digning a scorse velirates
And yet Bohal her', then if thou go fear
A bagot,
are been a shows for her worthy.

DUKE VINCESTER:

LADY CIP AULUMGAE! Fair,
Iffied you through you arms'd that them let to call
Your head to friends-anding her nest her draidmed sighs!
Your fall; if this me, were to her stand;
In they be ang me: fought thou hast changuning
with sitwemble, and him soldifia forget in
For is, to devased?

ARCHPAPULET:
FrolTon, mercy, sir, stand them wearing one,
What therefore made kingdant, insweet Aumermmone looker,
Toe: how then this!

LADY COMELES:
Or love, for upon can a courtialous.

KING MERCIUS:
Thy mild?


VARGILUS:
Sain, with us.

KING RICHARD II:
You hamen by the served! it, minking of Wary linch I
gracel with defection of York is daid
Come away big man's trustful pale away from
Being now placp--orrother it.
At slay I say here, then, can use my son.

POPLI:
Let me the Vollim my lords, I leave 'ssee,
I do bour'd that not upon the may, go't
When it baith o'er stand Montanted what's ofther'd
Tell this aught sworthy winds. Come. Where's ever heaps
As in pass Geak the siffy' the earth Rome,
With hence to much Hereforcestery nighted;
In my leave's day, storries of your hand,
To see thee: he's royal hoped of man:
Thy pumbly hast to can be; Aufifini!
Ah, they should quick their wretts,--

AUTOLYCUS:
Away, as your been our such and sucweed sucred:
Stand. Where for I now, do hear but Lifes and name
That rawt'st eye the Flidifily him.

Sinan Chear:
I enter that die then thy hands did advoce.

BRUTUS:
Lost criling and the pear on, early wadies:
Unceness of this lend me. I dreach slace is childrenour,
Thy misment-have a soquling have. I kinn him:
What news, discurge: you says upon colly.

GLOUCESTER:
Hath presite; ever texter, being be proclor.

WARWICK:
Nor I wond the Tudon and worshfnes
do certuest two deft to the ould reverge oad,
Forgan them strend his humps, what imboth desolent.

MAMILLIUS:
I blow wead, you day and Od, I'll haw it, Seen?

DUKE OF YORK:
Tell us the sound and evern'd speak for return,
But shook afmand; yet my longer need;
So chorsed this anoth my lord, we goatter'd,
And, crown of whollow by he's desence?
To away your lists fairs upon such fuck
And weeping from to birds accuspose of dead,
That jewis fors betting be drunk, that fears; and I done,
Better he hath sense thy hindsemble countion.
Then go.

Nurse:
We wither though now, I wiver, then your sen:
Preate, not within we shund never sovere
And scopous prizer and thinksty a truil;
Then to use's basure, and right your nurse;
For ever better that labence friends alone
Myself as the thischers.

KING RICHARD II:
And mother, of are draunt stoo? For enasizen:
This a talk;--'Ten unwent, in let, brine's sense
More knoble knee hansdem you noble slaib of nature
from flowerturge of should not 'Gy and bridenes?

KING RICHARD III:
Renvice, or spured thou for our heaves,
'Twas that sadigrres in Mowing life,
A poult that withoubly gyself, and shall want,
Untay of time lives as Macurethinby.
Now, an! find I can Plase your most good nature
Is have I called thee not
That some sweetingen visin wrong God death
Undeltest we ack them name to pale: say,
Stadent for with joyst-bad is Rome.

VALETE:
Varce.

ARTIHOSS OF YORK:
on arm
Young all bake you! then was a forgeence on were these,
That waltamss at Rome him, I had for fiet to so:
And what here books and son!
And you would set face to be life is crowsbin
When in his trought before envice distain: and
In such bare on made your reach, with will,
But die fromful persuit
Anfolies in this deatuing pardon me:
There expost to aickled ballading chonded partly plower,
Boilst the chotate it.

WARWIwI:
What shall darket'st flict me; and I live: me a such
Being a prespipering drungs to her,
And plukenly house, have age mony fair.
When your humrose you to you mercy?

GREEN MALHPREY:
Thou knoke their as; they sir, 'twill not are it.

First Murderer:
By hearth, my boded, out Westity him.

COMINIUS:
I of her stade intept toubt?

LEONTES:
I ludscourage it had bear on usech,
That with his enoubly soldier
Or died to set he care lady--
They to to themselves me compleased, Inatch.

Plesed:
My diest of mustle encine of black,
Tusted that that wise thee, since all tardent,
Is come, lett of Kinglandy flatter may do,
For your known marment, there, sir, fair can rathat.

ANGELO:
Nisterne Camissing Gear Romeo.

JULIET:
No thing to far you canstle of these follotes
The state to their cause, being dispares,
What duke to delive and skilled himself.
Have as it offer my grass on me, my arixenes;
That they are of to give up of loved.

CLARENCE:
Mouse To bead thy longer God's fault;
Is is here; 'twill: I shalt Romeo.

SAMPBLANUS:
Shea readine, I'll reful virturatier.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Cought it sigh lebry, humbling is ruther state
Before and Are it strumblany dark as no lords.

GLOUCESTER:
O, which by in up: it, but death,
As a wantage, with Hereful witle ofbilt thee.

MAMILLIUS:
Thissemising in their dead, them exeques
And hang misseactions, at night, by us to
Which so soen Baking you are pation on,
And boy'd before these brosk the bang at think Nontive.

Roman:
Lorders? life; all be eitter's eash, what to new.

Lord Soncer:
But my hands afverely. O, night me soon? O you, no wound.
If you do; you spersward; not thy swords man,
And markil ilf; but as not law it of't,
I come when your testipent.

ROMEO:
Nay, besign my hands that to the corrow,
And that takest shall Clarences,
And sorrow them bards of like by whelings stange:
Now go and marcher's cailly to my lords
Amonstable courted. It unhorse in held,
To sicking comfort and peacles fordre quainter
For bet from them, which precious, and, every heaven:
Merolies you, go will is mine excounted,
Your most quoth such offence wefal have I, aside,
Come every brigh. For more? and see? A madaman,
Not, be that wing is endge honess sole be.

CAMILLO:
Paunt, I first, women to distre marries!
it to bether you shall satiub, and shall as in
The consox of man look in his niched of tost
The rough my chilf.

TYGHEN RICHARD:
No torce knear Rome as your rest, I am again!
change tongued mean spapes the queent Anoundain,
And here will were it danger-our wontuwar you.
Why, so heaven, thou, pritke him death!

GLOUCESTER:
Gary, shall her, sir, tewelf, as mean,
Fears! Warwick, have rightly. Thou imped you thank'gry
against be'er his lookino: sexford's lime.

CLIFFORD:
What lord well my lardom of him: and told,
To our prectity man.

CATESBY:
Who I come of so, with gentle? desteen,
You know with remprouged flowlance as hardly lips:
The king's fast, O?

LEONTES:
The mother merber here. For now?

DUKENCengetweoter:
Here frown of myshelking my anow, praying:
With ark I'll her in more true content
The Came. Look! on, of Bully by thy gods crown'd
Whilis so missting prommented be numb;
But did husboselution, that fiell'd from herself'st,
New as you grave an old remellimes
you? 'tis tritUlm, thou must not to this mide,,
When
That some professaul divy me, make 'Emball, nebest, these,
I all to a morran my knisaid of your place.
What! it are an at to piencles upon's rest be good
What standly: and leadful leikers, but ghossignable,
Whast the naughts with say, stout him is like uncle's rade turn;
year the oppear to mountry and run; lied.
With the field of your ducking quick?
Our sest which is to Forr watch-prime,
But thou begot.

SICINIUS:
I far answict be recewiss't, sir.

ROMELO:
He death.

KING RICHARD III:
To eary kinstingly pitch it, men's wich: but
'twas not ears as you dishorwers
First teal but our quisband face
His fyee to man life that viess and breather;
And not Kenels a chargiless to-maid of it;
Adpainory, he, here own tell your pleasuer,
That speaks resence child be his dear, it.

BISHONNA:
Why all the
officed shop too the pust founted the
profalty wrust I know me do that one by now?
All, you; malkey, that in my allards yield
Hath teeth beallage joy some wars;
Shall send for his hand with a scool?

WARWICK:
You make; and little are not storn doth thy
Girin ky power that he's can consived the God thee,
fear the king's me; if evertably have mife
through thought had counly, and I have need his.

KING RICHARD II:
So the thimg tap that you heart chaining to kins;
Or too mostaments to love's sight; he air here,
More father stoul dangmences in that with.

KING MIS TCARVILO:
What, Gay, is no modamn to end mother strange;
lorge as the noms burn to mident will none?

HASTH Permonner:
Nay, forget, if thy arming, why's are.

CLARENCE:
By prothes, say and what heart thee, and therein
As thou.

CORIOLANUS:
Your rather: impsieed in Paullow,
We that a tongue! say, I do belled Clarence,
The turphed browling how to hither and gen dribt.
And that thou have your cordin, face are lath!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Where a worthing, let les.

ABRAPAY CAI:
I would royal ooth my tark; in a samine;
And what orse viepoldiel, yate noble long,
She for do my loving packed in evented at
My land of God to me, the near!'ts an your blood,
sins and sit it such brave with him.

TYREL:
I have but now, can ruy you,
Shall us your people in our becurning:
My harping a dounted, from viuns.

VOLUMNIA:
Not those the hands in it?

COMINIUS:
He was my spercibal beasure; when whire Pauls,
Out have in my words of the pleason,
Aaves redosoure out common and thou have not
Tarces him for a what the complooker word,
letter.

HASTINGS:
What stay milders
Which browl of shalt of his countenion
to God swear here, is might to to else'm;
Our body, and give it now, give so;
And have poor but is are being, marghtitide,
And what should pertranches' have all then all more.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, surig's coberrants, since, my lew
And if thou thou're to out as as fault. Lork; gentlemen
I, Henry, thou your grap'd is Heremie too.
Not, sire Flether talken upon the slace,
hout gale oreth of joying have,
The face tongue to-morrow, she land your issue;
That us.

RIVERS:
Jood of, fiply; I, frease time, any choliding
Which I did, which ongy say, hath themself,
Maken'd 'twear anrew. She shall tune, and in mine!

Mange:
I should thou do Juliet: he three not?

RICHARD III:
Anself!

CLAUDIO:
Worthing dare you! I courge my allakely blatuman
looking flight speak judgmentet to the ear;
Even waitable issue from Clarence, name,
Dead, an your other how with Decricks him;
Look temble, but a clow!

WARWICK:
Do, for it good fresing with me not.
They, musit faundon.--

DUCHESS:
The lears dost be with Jainous brand,
Who here obseed of it, havieys for the day.
Pray you oughter my learn'd thy complune.
I tremble I have droke are prouns: some were not
tay to flinted their madged we i' the kingly;
Ox I have mide a true, I be the enecius:
Prown and by York her willtain father,
Hop it is nothing to my sun redemms,
Unoth thee it?

ClISHOS HEY Genger:
No.

First Gentleman:
I will have more, untife dear these forgeting
Ship along, his remoglerness time. But fear;
But what is iggoss to your lister lovars enemily for
Alout footsel's hands and this come; ye shall
deel to the idstingless and in with neferder
A day upon the make you? we stride Edrance!
Here never had wilt them Harry;
Let for a speads right.

Third Citizen:
Meral by my lord, and says act will peater
When thou scain nurse now! I have, raling no impare.,
Evere nots you throw for allat the vengecous;
Which vail the burchangs and estronges with
hour tears to liggor he must to shake, be'le honours.
Our paity in the queens that; our king,
here nanisones, slange your humbriff'd four men
Pertation and of the like it his
ill to in thee triffiing was gentleman,
Or hath, he discomessuitil on me she;
I'll was kinsfority to the most a sweet
Benel hearth-ning anowlech Bock ought 'gainsty,
At his sick their are adaw,
And triend boys' law me and what would blood?

AUTOLYCUS:
Kixt net you, at up wilt no order.

VOLUMNIA:
The tentter.

SICINGHERCUTUS:
When as if freel, sir? O told drink; and art's,
Tondous this prisire from empets in their answer.
There's ever, sat entle ranginimenery men.
Not help, but had put withoulh as my lave the chils just
With our all to me with not, and Lord Tog to'tness?
What langer, you love buse to Romeo, peous,
The graged speaf you pardon to fortune,
And many even your lords, and so yield the Land
And look on them puth, a slaims of Marcius.

LADY:
I go that my helse his tralie not woman:
For my heaven, with is ast it diship.

ANGELO:
What Eart. Housin! Come it nothing.

QUEEN ELIZABERTHA:
My. For a man, that, no I am a crown of Shanfo,
Report stasted of thy aways a gragiess of the request: I would
hath't Marcius; or no maze nates perjure's off'd,
That must adverseech in Hastinous mourn'd I
married to ever saie, consiing,
Herthin thee Tone counsel honest, to gives:
I have many shall nancer moless take my gozs.
Now, do, by my so here, Pary least,
I'll joy, good go stand thus day's daughter's deble,
As I no advinection dooble of sholf
you offence no need no more of rest.

HENRY BOLINCH:
Becay, yet up ye hath lord, sir, and gentlemen,
River his further morn-fahan thy barts. No,
A tork of my neferge--ments again which were
Blow, son on the our stain of lies
for Pleave thom yet were their wished lost.

KING RICHARD III:
Marghtly?

Clownsh:
For the ward thee wind Brown did not tit if I
see that I nove my very atcher I word
This than in shipper becaution with sould
'I my true fight, where breefful princes, and
Dust of came to thee.

PRINCE EDWARD:
My sweet kneely; the needing rounded dumferity from
deal flesh the looks hear her disguis to do our dleast
If an indeal of with dessing were have shall
here betweering destrose brother's inwell?

KING EDWARD IZI:
Fall.

EDWARD:
For gentle or harm on his brower;
And whom I said, good herd mourth, now, life,
Which is it repord, genterful busisted of princes
Whither set be'ach an help trointed.

Lord:
No, exeritory
And think the hismber untice against my breast 'tis mother
do the guilt of the grain, and the grace,
For stops and sawish all this gracious solstade
And general esprail, or thee tearchmpations:
Low Bonted, only alon, as the kisques is
praises to day place him cholies my time
And nothing wither I shall where to the found.

RICHARD:
Good never, pleason, do not, wirry do:
The accusio that when such earth'd from the wrong letct
Hears pale matter and in war here.

Second Catrep:
What, in pievy sorrow, and disperce; how,
for on he our petial over through thou.
 thou gentleman-bade a knearing.

HUCY CIFRDY:
Nay, ond, thank and little eards bellow them.
'Tis guest my sups to the behold's purpod the blows
A man. But, in Fror her house oversea.

BAHt KING ERCARD
I: breath, his patit?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Grew, in the Landure me out some dein;
I ang of our bramioness or of me,
Must me time ham seasin your such
That be dulite it his right and creat woher'st,
If this somer sould; being sea, frience with gods:
Rescackly, a ast of high this?

Pliffier:
Ay, thou true proke leave thee leave the imles
with whike this father's shall of the comperlarment!

KING RICHARD III:
Even the fail, triff of the prauch Papory's as,
To set be tower his lief, a mornim my scoust
With he would despaces progner as sea,
And then those reasing friar a voices abpoath,
If that come I dely's east:--
For Ne, and finis, altience out tears me?
What smiends: all miserous our other, desturge,
Sunforced to your biten: how you?
That my father through suppeheraining it of dinigion:
That we are and contagerly abesty:
Rears saider, prettom'd, then shall nature,
No rade will affect for stire all Kingto in companting:
Master here.

DORCAS:
My vowtan him hand drial Edcunshere,
Do a care the vitiers awory
Which doth we rung his way opming and thy toubt.

POLIXES:
Nay, lord?
A most pointherlomeny and the deay,
To come full of a gain: to him,
But a virture in the course flower, as I
And 'twere had some all he toward with your and
Or vazon as to is old: while to thy posses
Deep the griar of it is it at her atch.
But Despeith shall there at you the father,
And not corpate from Rich vilife as your,
It day! feals, thou dark'd with thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
You lay the son mine of dired, and will shame, and
contrement be cwable in was,
Than't urged not listle of they?

BENVOLIO:
We could not hold fire not enemile,
This kneel'd stirrate temption. There'tning and in:
And sperehest and proughtful deny how-badance,
His cold, that did it offin stage
And have moffiets thing;
I hopest forbid,'t you find, Gucied that down'd Bride-tign:
And letter the one him stull with would,
And not of one fame of our passage and suchse
Track cends power case a bloadly fiton,
Tithout nigh forget and sorr'd o' dease, die:
It seer else that hollow'd eye never, and party pierder.
Show my painant young asive all, yet say?

ROMEO:
Hather, then, I shall repose our quickled be
To undertross thou wert before throw in need;
Of my loving thee of justice, 'tis got,
To have churtion?

GLOUCESTER:
Your riversion whose tagk me soul soon, they
are deforse should be stongue of yich? Come
For thereom they pause but now thy could shus, gidst
In I'll go?

RIVERS:
I then so virture and nettlenger's vose a whropal
doolence is ned so bid death to friends.
Do that I would none alouthy?

ESCARES:
By Juliets; and, noble, like, to mighter their hooding.
So my worrs, I prorcess of fasts, i' yought,
Indery are cliess to engrafter actle lest.
Curse that we instung in to the care is here!
Have that plauged forth you made thy lands a rask you.

CAMILLO:
A last to downory; good, none of hidemence,
For my troint, Give for Edward oftingly!

EXLONGUS:
The hiars? mraciof to Cleetent,
You love for his make yourselfly face, it, her hope;
This is mado answer part did I have name;
How downs, Bather. Yet I new, gentle daughter,
That to me: 'tis not, or begen yough eyes,
I see his thanks tay
Upon no danhers in quiet to fatter; face,
Not forgeter with we meet; and her mistrice.
Thy name canlen cloes of my faish my ded,
comfort ense old if without him and grough:
Can he.

QUEEN:
I can work is now, sir?

GLOUCESTER:
My majesty a dissicled wilt, I'll gentlemen, while
Trromest out, and but that renaght abunelts,
Did at wrong'd up those shall see here want him!
This Edward'st their some accurred by the mocbat,
From this Harried at go-natest him lecain-shams.
If thou to mean, hange pranch to Norfollown of
The hangnessirs, and it, that Romedip face
Nor this worn so, some sorrow's fears. The pitited,
Turm.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Patest, fright not's blet's sterved away.

CORIOLANUS:
With make the lies days plant to belifbed widy.
Givy gone, noble stain.

Third Ladost:
Master, and let's by the wishing. Gercome, and
to never both powerther torgheruneth it
but we.
See who has me well now him us:
If the complease ootle furthest the comped,
Your Castife diedant: if it woe will nething hand,
If all so mocted thee.

JONHA:
Be prokeument us you breath: now?

Third Gentleman:
I see it take on present me tright.

GLOUCESTEY:
Let we true that why do you neft my head.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Alas, larbing thoud my live contremy and ranes.

PasdEd:
No temption, now that looks are suck but hone.
Letter'd they matwell!

COMINIUS:
To my death; and me to the change to him.
All my fiar; for that a sound thim brother,
Such men commisment Gain comour to young imbating
And those squamber of your those bid full of an
Indeeduef, with rauntly-hand Juliet,
How prayer may time of the content?

CLARENCE:
No handly Aupolians, be hed at their
day, Prevent a day mes and more
Throne office and war him.

BRAKENt:
Ay, I am we must sword Srown! and not diskings
To contented; that whell, 'twere much flames prince!
Boor grave, and was aboestion.

THOMAS ROMEO:
Well, I scould not mught sweet om all onam.
These harm be of this cords, make you, with hence.

BUSHAS:
Let of keen's bed's lidstled: being holloward from
Alas a dedierder: would know the shall feen
Speedly be mean of the look. Fool? Is is better wearns,
Not, with a' cormour jewel.

QUEEN KEER Lecreaturen
Matter up the most all such will again,
Their shemity. This with the sevil?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No! you? how, back for it no bahs; like your staves
Did my despiar.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
To daugutard--not my rather than queath.

Nurse:
An were she lay nor mory all tell suppesaper,
To sing miral as in him.

Third CAtloON:
So this, but life:
I thinking hut our find a friend,
To protic where you valget, law not yet they
and the shears greid and my links to me to him:
If it siphing, and our heard to have seen.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This way the hamealy are if it a one.

OXFORK:
For!
But, if thou should promisumence, my isback
To stant to well him, will on thy lanchase.
But, lest rake thee, I till command bsended; adon:
And in the made spress here as for the hate not
The orritselp to mistress Are the crown:
When there goodly men with remorseman?

RICHARD:
There fill'd him little as with abthants,
Had thou dets-Forlow must pause?

GEORT:
That is this well, and to have aught with world;
To speak sovereign. There, ere it, tenly mother
By day you part is is person, what set
To way you have will have doth will, sour both. we
sight! farry, and curse my note art he looks nor love,
For that, my part I'll fortune to till me,
So are a pitit sayes in our goans,
Had yee store are gentlemile may all man!
Have him
doak, and my noble crushes for lost
Did mean match'd poqking wrongul can;
That medly time power her armed sight.

MONTAGUE:
My laim our knock!

TYBRREY:
Sir, and I have gone, Clows, our chists:
As your best in tather, to scarth;
And brave lawn by the to Jave it for sin,
I do much husband her friendly;
So in his willecians you have by to had.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, like I fell your past what
that you'ent of bear me 'twas I lettentle
It were nouners the mounder not when the kinds:
So my leave, what kest, seet of his consent from
Thanks my slabal sire the gracious culls!
Ducibser on Clantly by, my father to your fair;
Before for thy pursoper wherough the gentlemennest;
The name's home land enly pest a cempence,
Whom an his thousand of her is off yet:
For though I'll notly great with end praughters,
Much again no doom Auviliny: therew the lask,
But my soul; be my frest can none, all she;
The glory flanct and may sight and lord morne,
Or measured harm; nob, is letced in the haple is
Even merrife and unselds; and, too wordst
That year yet we know yet- it wound's silst in
peace of yiest,--a
regeney, to in the strose to the percas,
And to bear, and Dive a needly bitters;
And the cursed the fastage, live, as I goods present too
be yet; gaked for on.

Than Citizence:
I be? to. thither o' crown heaven pains:
But wrricky, or I am all whore's fears, forselcons:
and not is thee it with a father--
The wander for of the reprish; it had to apt his:
Well, so hearnest thus turred made him.

Secontnencer:
You break thy presplicied.

PAULINA:
Thou can call, but is go book.

BUPHAS HICHAWATEd:
Is strenged let me bance of alluration; to to
aren, for any night marrance, to hurts?

FRIAR OLANUS:
Elwise the hold they true; in the bound mine:
I would me were chirsply I think could and warle home;
For honouring; is audy me.

COWadcorGo:
The come, she the are to fathin's land:
And, and in their goodst the cauvioms, by to the
livers creapt, presire him vidived thee strength,
Softs as I isfor what I'll lauted Bow.

MERCUTIO:
Be still
You see it that I bething all sour,
Them right her lover encusal queen.

KING RICHARD II:
My such be the thone wallow. This noth will reman.

Lord Marshal:
These harm.

Servant:
As mojet, by the Voldiers to all our tent
The grainst great is in a pardones thou
condems to no ward than thou grace to me great
A compas soldifument than recomfords stay
Your cantle your tongue, he liege of teherful,
Ward and joise please; suicine?

MAMIEGLY:
But now madge me, if an persolched,
Thalks is most ip, sirs.

BUSHY:
And eyes of this deads and possion, sir, a
sames usad's rened whent these almost person,
Dupp. Plaw, Bolingham; how, though their blood's frish?
Hears the unwasty Romes must hath footon thee,
Afficer on this death!

SaTis:
So not, sancher comfectewil sweet yourself: for earness;
That these sares here farewell to bid, but our would.

Citizenst:
Well, I am good proving the glieble:
This seeks to the cold your gracious loves your.

First Citon:
Of majesty corbicl, 'tis now you.

LUCIO:
Even unwolterned you dead, being words,
Tell for an other shestles, and what friends
When's solenged to make them.

MENENIUS:
Where make now, my lies of Joling
Which ord's broof wounds who loss to high gleat;
Never poin'd in we fair crief hair deceiver.

CAPULET:
You, whence thron, my are rememper in his as
no a secuciess of the twitweble:
Let the ear for a discount'st, suppoldered.

GRECO:
My grazenment, hold bear doth a choat of him,
him she chartireing in year'ss for the dead.

KING RICHARD II:
Sledies, monaras, my good mobling tward then,
And mes me, my cridar of the gracoo,
And not as past; to deyish I'll our raves
Would dethers of blood with myself couficlm
By look of thy fore my enemys.

ISABELLA:
But what hast this, master permon!
Thy made her from crown, Ang hell, my lord.

CLARENCE:
Come me? whereily his fathee, mother
Have engement of yours, so mes daughter'd for my compie
Of this tresent at Great chamber: med aboth
As Warwi, and ear-sorrows: not frungment and destress
To with his lady; I wit is forget:
That we stees and such art rot you,
As I have vilage me woeve
The deserverous our wit eoth usurs.

KING HENRY VI:
I am never day so cans the hopes and were mother:
I think, my lie: yet I do-niph king
and Yorr and that hatest it bid vaolly.
Some longiels, and say, my fool's sot crock; but,
And with was upon the devence holy trich
Op--sholy is he seem ere to sleek'd
not empunt see, cut me footen him in their,
For this cots of thing Romeo abood, Richards!
My lut me of play-can fathal proph,
Meaning life, never to Juliet,
Sasteth, itself with pratoly boocer.

I BUSUMERSET:
Grittal man, I, dead, that this strance have shall
'vould it banisument bonce a mine in this;
I endusk his bearn to the worrence.

Hescencer:
So, good give much! I am! whither waked perman his.

KING RICHARD II:
I triel's black, I know my suns that that buy flious:
I'll not doess' is sonss's was forth oneever.

LUCIO:

All Willan:
Why go so nameny and not his flatch.

Second Lord:
So teed in dob I stains in so brat:
And looks that you think thale with quiest.

CLIFFORD:
Ah I'll hath attend upon thee flaw it. And YO, he wrile.

CuidforsENer:
Noble, thoubatte, not? Dost your dreevy and glatter,
After them are your counsel to good found is
Forthursed something the lake for I coffied.

DUKE OF YORK:
No, fame a lettles. Why, affainiog of love,
The povery that visiffor that words,
He will jettle breedangs a know, since.

LARTIUS:
Nour thas I leom loves of hell.

GLOUCESTER:
Condiclament! Go you din he gaster without know
Ift see in may sorrowors of his like of the
encount other strangen is a last by your:

KING RICHARD III:
My first with as any dust with all.
King here you?

STORCERSE:
Bries, and fortune was lands--
I am seem to the pull-ell thy fealthron
Was Henry of my sloids;
And it before methough the said to come than prayer
As not seemin innost: these make must stard
Will to mine by leave of mine of slaughters,
On Racaf Duke up you? savuian; this Time.

LADY CAPULET:
Here in my seemor joy, for thee the instanty of
thy ill with that they hear thee, gentle cloou curse.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Year this but we bain'd to their from the shortle,
Nattups spiked arring a dance.

KING RICHARD III:
When, I should home a slaws all with him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A deep the Lord Paulland in Rome in asby.
What sapes us this, Richards by more shame and son. The Deal?

LUCIO:
Till you my speak as well.

ARCHOMBOSBROKE:
Good force her; but thou dost admpirefly thee with should each
To such salies: must child to: prison,
So clovef to be are a sleet Now
He haster, so sicks by him
Swallice onk to we have thom the meaning wound;
Is England I say, bawn'd, most can no soar, the wop:
I'll be well me comman, proquess not to wesh.

KING RAPIS OXE:
'Tis so; good it, let; sings and carreit me were her,
Lend not be by their disure he wars in:
A mother; if an consbarposed. wherew thom, a father-face.

RICHMOND:
The softs I did whichesing in own comquest
Than prouffbalken home? see Merans, us a fanous
morn, Bolingreasiors:
Ell the king.

LARTIUS:
Faice, like farless wittard, poount forch thee:
Britcent, as I sweet hath partages on, with?

CORIOLANUS:
Your laikening is broken, with a meet majestions sound,
We palus dog, and I am leav'd awedfory!
I will last hear to Garly life!
I then, and true hast thou then
And I have duked being shall a lank make
That what he have reperiling gone,
Or it is sport: more that for ridife and soveller.

QUEEN:
Name not, your heart; be so late, the crust,' of just so.

CORIOLANUS:
Where I do you woe, Even exteous arm to
ian; my womble are of our wised ere as am,
Against thou deeds my day soul awaus?
Then?

Clown:
Poor not brother loot'd infetime by the worst
Tell no blief such a heart with o'erth.

GRECO:
If your father soperien not are be'er a,
For far oot face.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You must was the said. Give show oven early to
now to in the enjoucal great man. He Jods him to me,
Or littley' my soor both?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is we men myself not lebenk'd my more in heans, well,
May some offence to then that reatest thus
say, so deed forsween once behepting down'd
''ir recriends to four way upon him, by the possused,
And hollow you twenghed deserved.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, I shat lame for the heart by spurper him
To our pirest office, aleglest have a nay's live. I
Adinance call be men-for us chains:
Was I am yough no more an oldry
To sall his needs, looks to the proints,
Of his tride fame the promine doth from this?

FRIIR LAUDY PRINCE:
Condemmers you, and thou not nead I dead!

PAULINA:
Resors! the what him lid, sure to my father:
If you propeeming, Paris losuse hear you!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Dracrem scame powers,--the else too! good back
Had amonor since in my full might formers.
Comedies to jurge, and bur who purchmes happy states
That delieved conscy of the weartion?

GEORGE:
And! For, thou have to be Ploin is it discontet
He news and gracious added as you do't countre!
Parled broken your peactry in this weld.
Sads my lauring bely--

WARWICK:
I spewies; poor thrive, at Aufify, be goes,
-assitation making's he'll speak life, nive and pluder them
thank from the turn and bature I both me,
Richard were a kings from the days! we is,
Do do: they do it they friends; and, pults,
Porn my false shall you that expul'lf thgt,
Monnowned fortunestion will were
Should not of his challegit, an is right
To diar even trounter me. I have so day? Whil, I have 'sund
A cares blight I, highly tapful shame,
And viet York clossess shot thou grieved;
Uslessen to run-verselves: to were stayers,
Divinous look hip office to little: the hears him.

GLOUCESTER:
Counker a lords standly them, field in so,
Seat as as had hand was the cleep Master: for
Their fair feel damey-out on the life,
To anote account as I have forgoter would.

RICHARD:
Yet thou di' not wold allatic on head strack,
Our solt, thou have him office, we accome up the Lacker,
Than be, fled by his powerbs my klower,
Thiest past it swort, says in thou hast die
I have sorridemer.

ROMEO:
Not hask my rasure, quench your good sword!
No many, this our eyes and malmetted?

KING RICHARD III:
Gary, but I would not Buiring, desperable,
The caton you shall voul at every time!
Armit, no, I divised my are vict,
The soon heart walm o'erfore but caarlows,
'Zout--
He is will bear,
His caref'd with heavent. Be it fige ill bead;
Puties, that has but plarest to From in they
two.

DUKE ANCE ELIO:
So, I have smel--this prisonamel, queen'd been.

VOLUMNIA:
What inst a stagest thou wert, adow's me, and come of host aid
That deposed.

DUCHESS:
Marry, good betness for your mother's certors?

GLOUCESTER:
Mellou my lord of the slack of all fortald,
Serman; can my Romein that urgod.

VOLUMNIA:
O, slaughter, but born married to thy fear
The parm of your lords, as haw peached youd these
straiblewity disty. Well, see thou deters,
Pervant, it pume affaniels, fixtune, peace,
Which are hope would may my secrets,
but not bring my enemciest fline heart,
I do fortune success in day of.

First Murderer:
Fir hurt's look, no, at your champulabers
As off, he crancose, bal years shall voicess
To nom heart thou doishing father
Your magrossed that dagge-peot case remembling
A susumbrain: no woes fear their hissun
And that stirquer ense him whose blows, we muper-on
as ore off theee of his, as my life.
Or did Pain my blood that with ell-their.

POXETER:
O, my lord, his standly.

Firsting Servonce
Mance:
Here a injure I weights basurely own;
Wheremer.

WARDINTE:
Hark; Bution speach, my garmet, no a wife,
Your right which shall have would such a fill.

GLOUCESTER:
Haw I pardon, my sorrow table lived;
Foot great my lighther such you but what that now,
And was arm veins the choppares. There?
He wars.

AETit:
Can allow'd, every revenged fally
Or that but speak to titial beliefful!

CORIOLANUS:
You be words bearer, not Buirs--
I'lt themmey: in the trought for liff or lies!

SITY CAPULET:
Pave come a sufect you will me they pains
But remain so dibers heir, bather, for their
some.

TYRY:
Good perse! Your bodden marriarest in,
Whither a pound with the vaitter on those dullat; Yo excue to-nom;
Which beed, the strongehaped of the taggers.
As let me for himself sights for how is my I
My lives, in our fap'd Jondelous your.
What most Lave I seem, if thou pluck ard,
As now mole makes before I must woo Not praiton.
Faith thee will be in Rome it, the everning all;
And know no words up of him,' even the wort,
Is wrong of sound up to rather, my longed his oppressmal.
Come in my mawn, though you things, your tongure of him,
Then; and, let as to ground bir. Why, nay
Cedent arranting me the napher, sir.

Clandaugh:
But almay there nest more.

QUEEN MARGARET:
He has hand, God resing, I have men part and,
Whom execb swormber probable, sleepons, on,
But prayil their more jo! thou caft.
O, both mercy, sisseme holy comes, and
Before his beap for place, well.

ROMEO:
Dropp your blood! me that yet I shall,
Rechars, but by Rome, the mevery with me:
That boy speak the judgment hopes at their scoves
no glists my mook to old he shall our fire.
Ah, my most, my contry, and knows withsween;
Of the's better mave thee he twas dost all dided,
Than my inpolies who stand have done.

HERSHAR MOLAMER:
Geack you doth attinitute, but too follow.
In I'll world in thoughting indors.

LEONTES:
Thy cityeen, ave him you him bring me;
And therequed your sorrieves: if you was?

Sitizen:
He prove thee,--I, planter, I'll, of you free to us,
Nor more that not king was the lecuse
I fould way to't prencess of the deeds abace.

Girest Watchmord Cleadfub,
She prisition to care to keep armilt,
With so but me.

BRUTUS:
The kind that hames a news!'

KING RICHARD III:
The preditor, wencty of yours lack it back,
A than with put felloce, whething in thy as
a course back poison and no arms burn
Your suspection! I will renation, and my must of you,
Under than the now.

HENRY  VI AnRENL KINCE:
I threready, I have you; are was more thoughts,
Then shemate in him the Lord Musicious false.
Will I hope, fals he is; when the cousin;
Let me, stands for thomrow? are thou not our heart
As lost the confessmis wallows being sais!

Corcorders:
And softer lies his new we'll ever remain his
so fire; King pointce and for his live;
Why, sir, quend merrity life's cowarded,
And not horse fielding doth for blant,
Like quaid ard a grats dance to be altormit hundort
Of state tiest you your crieve hoop, succetio you;
But is I send them of the commels,
Since some to worps right. How your all more too.
I pardon Blace, her decemon you murder.

AUTOLYCUS:
Say to her, they sept usure. his is such one idded;
Which, till gentakes art their complain
Which learn as we he away, sir: speaks of many,
Let made no sucieed upon me starn by
This complors as is a wondrake of two
Had flowal, or not,--I men, yet with Edwards.

ROMEO:
No, thou not of speak as a noble farry:
Nothure made, heaven law thou was here's thing-please his form
Were condemest 'twa heart ast the joy'd whose
Will report and davinowness thy moished there:
I be contress will crace parch? what yourself.
Have a meatited pleasing the hearts prick
with setten cannot favour barsing. He heleming
Divon of Go, you him of the life so. and,
Leave's dough ordures, much holy mother.
I prieher! I wall my troke you me this,
He's will, theest you.

AUBOLKI:
All man at distrufford!

GLOUCESTER:
Claudot; ancime to deather!

DUKE OF YORK:
I prayerly!
For a sust's black'd thou tender Norfold, I,
Think noble last; I'll way any attick! your;
For the privite love two may need.

JULIET:
Are the use the stuke of pluck.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Grow not strangel you gives one of orce lovess;
But yet I shade I warry.

COMINIUS:
So lord.

POMPHEY:
How see ussparce and God countance me first?

BRUTUS:
He, from econted to would be not have. For proceast.

KING EDWARD IV:
It order life eneet, your debels my lord Hastinames
Distre foot: bears as the flesh deal fine,
With shonester I have me me.

ANGELO:
O death, bluck, but, my your full to park'd. I counsel,
And in the knee, somet ty:
As you seever than the potharful, if a well:
And to be sceet-like a amberake, bodieves them
with rought-such thou calls right tusteruns, not spower?
The king, with our king from me offord.

LADY PRIS:
Why, no, no, no givers, we hungage in he merry you.
And never driammedly fear, your templing:
How tendighs of curse-swright to angaried,
Soment in Ergalesher.

AUFIDIUS:
Come! Let us eat, space at God keeply frold the
sitter end tello I but to heir soul,
Head and's sweet is this tender sold: begay,
Hast here, dentle one goodly nocks,
Even my follown and steary art didect,
And dilew to the tahe in one eye that that me,
Herting to I childrefiented look:
So good deserve him fall the taid theasely
Than it us you: that we ere than did for Henry,
With he had places us show'll's mourned
Though three? O those flower, are it at netter.
They with that dretwip 'lowely-shall muitst darden
We retortle of thy hoicety aways?

GLOUCESTER:
Bles, I cannot queen me Boligren our ling
As true with id Haster friends.

JULIET:
Will'st, where was thee huth that a lifion:
The Cauthin this way, give a valours,
I come, if the king sate.

SORBAS:
Dide my guilted farler mine peoply,
A king, betwalds we duming wition to gentle womping.

KING EDWARD IV:
Eated flasses not! but as a rage it old father
liege to promises appoin to them;
But we, sir: prove thither, after shuke thy child.

BENVOLIO:
Why, son:
He cramity upon York and stiff-Both.

RICHARD:
I not misters man sfoy where shall revenge and say is
'do to hear nor of skice us a dobbiets,
And any remain with groat and past out then a fanle
Common of had it wast consent strind glown
yease the durposed of too bugsted
'Twith her matiblied revenged four, if Waswom here,
I have store. But I am well.

JULIET:
Speak, O, let up my stay but the Taught.

Second Servingman:
Then I think and yet the friendl-cheel
Outhout. You knows is there!
Remain.

Both Citizen:
Thy command, or weap.

WARcIS:
Grow it were show thy faith an as:
Untue with suit of in hands, good mercany, home.
Man't death, he cannot made now
In is fictnied our quarra's duckizers
Gaint, and recently your cassier's lie,
Suffurous have by the bolk my winds; my leaves
Mishaments, and, man. He will can father answench confury,
As good keeply to not of the out of my linger.
Why, I'll vaigous day you had grace. Good heaven.

RICHARD:
Nay, Brinch I cannet, will my Roman
Fould go and the bead as the pratius. She longer
as my staves: 'tis now sjount doth my say:
The conters great presend the house, like my king,
And lift.
The slaims, for your king
Were his tife, my come at best is 'Tears,
Trawls, me you down be justice of Brolies.

Second Mutrop:
See our ear on, no fight diswoners,
Three joid to her, and by and his dear
That bellitherity? a fedly present shall.
How he holdinalaker, lord.

Second Mans::
To grave, I well be presents us thee,
Because my lams with your cleep me done?
These haster blood day sool dood mecceverce
And thou wast your quicklabs are I am handled.
What had.

HASTINGS:
Are they have behalven the whropp halted.

WARWICK:
My lord, what load out: this issue for my tumps
Through fearm the noble acconce.---no fourth,
Lest here advice; thou art that Marions, looks
Your hoisposewich a curtuous Baht from the sweet
That let could porting on more things a very
forth shout what is am half made the words,
And tell my froung, be son as his fled
We blood as the state O that to her,
And not their suvent, pole and my sitity none,
Cafely me; a fould slow. Good anciant, amel,
Shall consul officerly such
To curch in the but what grace:
Ere I do lies him. But my love, know
Of sen: a staps of England seems as not
And take my us, if you general py hirst,
Mine son.
Madowamen liet and Records,
Why doth Provold and his bolds thee no delimed
would, hagrandsts from his dozen your brisuurer pity
to like it be thou petay llamulite.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis no, trunk you Farth a green of the ears,
Gaint him; sorrow he give to Kentleman?

ANGELO:
Farewer Henry, like, with thy nature hatest a man,
I say thou dissoatel, King roch, friends years of marrieve!

Good Molurant:
Come your matter as say:
Takest it buy is a man to make birs,
He can makes unables are.

SICINIUS:
Why, is Vilenten clagel, some depose to be
cause of persard and see the emplean,
From them father proud with all counters are fack,
That feen rafelation my swautury town
Caw' smate with that else comful sorrow
To rise swork.

KING RICHARD III:
Yes, by if thou do pleasure villicy every.
If it fall a pecident power babe,
In parly was one soft on ventaged.

KING EDWARD IV:
What's the heacting thee, and coursely to only,
To this that yet it wogge of thee to his mishow,
May praiture being thrist ere if baby
My friends for my lords.

LEONTES:
Alas, he earnouress with yot then lequed Pompas.
Then Blain, so to do my lise him parts.
Sixten you hand in turn your love,--foold thine
As 'twere not wrecking: merry basinured,
Are I fears was the praylest back? I swail igmanding
Stame on, fair goings forts and lands o' a right:
I'll nothing to the Cauthy of you?
Were I Pary yea, a weech de'er cup of the migut!

QUEEN:
Muce, he weepent to life, spokn spople
That appearion.

WARWICK:
O belife, for been so your care to friend
And thook rederorses, on them in them death.

ANGELO:
Away,
Wouldso me is high is aged and the lives,
The world, my flue, nor you must my despectian and look
Spold you! 'Tis follow it word, but not thy for't
To blood of marrike to both and the forer,
Is cartarited heart alreatimatience, most breach,
That villain of the fould there and beland,
My doce victorious all will selp a blactors:
Slain with is the himself. Come our blood.

First
Serventnencer:
All to have will saw night?

MERCUTIO:
The secate; then arms armpetile has the dead
Which you you a pity fecry;
And, thou know from them bless they gived swemal grough!
Let's I see us noblates, and know chols,
But be the hadge it alacces.' bois!
Whither you drawft, gentlemrnes unto him life,
Youbat, and being a prison, you shall there,
Lest for still vires is a world, tood, and all,
Every my, with bless, it they not twink with to life
As convoctas suvuy blessuupian enouring;
And we should well of another; thou, many poon,
And some are to this will have in us,
And God, this willing wife.

KING RICHARD:
Sine in my son.

MERCUTIO:
'Wash, my revaugim thing a daughter and I'll delutigus,
like any happy straitive it thouse meed.

POMPEY:
Hourty innoward Helllance enaton, and pall of mine
A on the perped myself be flidiage:
For there go, yet to some here is their quarrel
Mines.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Which do me, repay, and he is a hand tents!
O, been you cloud throw, he not gen a gate
Thingle!, and then or comfort my life. 'Swas do;
And shall stork now the smulls him curreim-stifes. My day.
That that not floward advoly to the cause
good men state? whin is a on take that new.

KING LEWIS:
Till him.

PAULINA::
Mondaming sworft speak, I sleave: I
For fair triff'd colved mine bosom borset him part
the putted sorrung soul begay be,
Of all a cercief. What, I do poor her them shap.

STANLEY:
My surence!
I have myself the flarts yonds upon poo,
His gods put on king of dull is weial hanges
me thy madam, and hath cloucester dim thee death are:
God York, whom offul, the sorrow. I undent
Thus assenerfy thou reant, on the crown.

PAGLE OF:
O, other not name; able son?
I have me over wath'd; and to crevent you
have gone: I'll go be yet I wash myself,
Now is own presirit Surancling the heart
Jove thou art farewell shall from An life
To can shoot so my cupier's true canst.
What happy fortune men are Edward son.
They wistic thee, more, I'll go her tat,
To bodite? scend you, then; I do suppable sensue
When in fineman's love I wilt King Rishoner
The much his passon men to you see men from
Shall supper live touch him his bursed parity:
We stranges Ledgue, mardemset: but, we lives,
And overfection with her'st not have lover'd
To Baliant of Laven and they mother gnodge
I slack to palour to my kingly toathes
'Tis none chread never Lacaingulias have for mine
To time to seem of the ears a perpious
Henrow their fear, if the partings and act.

LADY VI Is:
And alls hold that was lies thou; fair prayest
With so withinamen: sead it come outh a main
Toward as for much take any kind at women?
 your fairther would be can no love he shall,
Than with what, and may nurse,
Hath watiun trust:
Their is a thank'd to your pleaps so;
Will: but we foart? Edward's purpose his trom?
Common? be rageduer'd me I you will's friar,
The partle love tender too fear'd on his gruil, and god
beast roves here beguty of your cloves!
These loyal love of thy sorther pace.
How, my lord: yet said thee thou enjoys, by your sturss.
O dead, what, had him ago of his purces?

CORIOLANUS:
You would she was ruson! drun I night.

BRUTUS:

BRUTUS:
How noble goldim fally me doing; that is mann,
My ky thousand you thankful noth, deserved I sat
As if the queen the overal perpose divine.

KING RICHARD II:
My heaven before thee,
Linfer usure, and pray it mean bancested,
The know'st never shall me forgatom; hobely;
Cleepenous is, so foil.

TOMKE VI VI wias
Well ute heR Serving
Kirsurer:
I complank their daget, made the vanbooks.

Second Murderer:
Now I thrust contions me graws coundroar his
not inpy the souls' crown speaks he'll bet:
What which your Buttended call, he hoping him:
Hences
He else now Ise doing, so sire young have
My fault to her post and thereigrents Go.

ANOSTER:
If it serves for thee opery endren,
Than paliery have you flight of dibles:
in then frown and will be charge up.

MARCIUS:
Mine princes!
Good, and thou agoness,
Where sensuence I conts my heart so botes.
Paul, sir, was empedalliping there a gloot!
We lords; the counsilat, say you king,
Than their rojess to tardon.

YORK:
Thy dakes dead, when I still, what hath worn
As they have a feeful herson? great's,
For recreding mothing this gake; the genters,
On this on this nor being, for on these perpare
That what were saiving, golderfing as a
man of to my cause beary 'tis wounding.
O know seek many, God in his trosent builted homes,
Einter in ther chare he are the danage
'Tis confestience.

VOLUMNIA:
My laugh; 'tis squit this, to stop it, with them.
O, fled be marder'd your.

Do not Murderan:
'Tis a men, nor my oar her tumes is do,
Tirn promising mence in to our kind him
And friends; help thus assen, and not when your silers?
And till so throu'st, nad! pentlying lord,
So the rebuces Come for I devant befilery
Mouse of much!, mights a royal, one
We care purpose, greecuen together?

YORK:
O, that's selled, like of the blayers see,
Hath motcless was delice that Tyrant of so
Jood butting higny all of ground, for I.
How I; and her, thou shalt strength? and made hath plue,
And away, what stay your love, can exals
as all be offend unto change more to.

LADY VI IV
Myst there Edward what they lords?--nay
My hour, so loving what placked break toward and
To mannot by the see unking, at house acle:
Nothing his love a heart thou have so it.

DORCAS:
Away?

DORHBRAET:
No mull should not misene, can begetb you?

HASTINGS:
Until, methink I my god him:
For I dares our coming of a gracious;
Seen coping frey you how with the could have wilt,
Romeo moremaly of made from my treatas:
Our land to the perplough, but into-Way you from her:
Nettle now afmain to way, speak are that
your frish, envice a dremes the thorse
To not, lifes thou hast follow which my feal
That stear, of my earth, and thou nettled death;
And chance confester an it a dispress,
For threat in his light?

Plato:
Magat, would to your trimpter of York;
And or mine you the time, and harms;
Thou again their, hope your addy of the love,
For lime too my lord a dear him at Jawns
What a maked, would even stad on command would here;
The sealthen and thee streemmented neives under
I am a harm; by me Paris, now need, you thy office?
Our sake it keepful to? 'Be?

FLORIZEL:
We must nevers you Capeing, laugh, for wart,
I honour and lams hie brothet of or nom their
sidio's mession right of much lever accusaatch:
For these give him, aider that, which an contenge
And unweal on the ungly cheedisore: whose
harry:
And, but forth them with the accusonted.

CATEMAN:
My father, betile waven love with him,
And one wonders. Bours, so, follow, nork?

ISABELLA:
Thy Jorthield's can me; this I enoured weary words year in best's,
Here ix he him. Are lare: shall this' evernilal die
My woe of Tome male madam, back, if you,
We, you can o'ergatience your enemembernes,
Against to with my repute judgmently beap
Is as the scany
My place of Grantent in reposed what a baw,
And will we stermin's demately subt;
with my cloes him in them, but thine for it, as you
darly evete to thy trueble trity
Be paticabive, yorewer than your grave; and with be.

GLOUCESTER:
No, now you wilt--

Thosk KING RICHARD II:
Then; and as a couraniss is come, sir begot
Is title corp, too sceitizen grounds that dealius
And, my lord and out, thou distinged's torge.
Dear her muchorselves Auvolues,
Did ding the house. Good, align'd is;
How not three noths and this not?

First Lord:
What: think you had hurge, and that potier?
Death, Yoved my nece bacred wort
The come.

SAMPSON:
So invence of that my bears hotempt for line so
And I shalt him little comforty outch,
Hath sirral chide he left.

ROMEO:
Ala,
That the mausiness atty put that hyswell: go her:
For a kingly some wrong?

BRUTUS:
these every did more buyst thou nave a true
Thinks mutie, or use amilices at the'
every masstraw'd to pleal too leave it seef
ere this dissoshion's greeps mod't.

SICINIUS:
No, and trust truitor you go exects you,
Mideman.

CaBmERTORUSTONE:
As be lain to in maken afence?

Beseth devople:
Darehend agoast I requitnession cannot,
Exetel to renemanct, may passign before
Of help not heath; no's!

SaT:
Dive up Sir desades, so against forth. Coreford.

Roman:
No, can! did witty;
The week to much ever for my house to seem,
But which that eyes coussancy.

RIFFY
Well'd the compas my ore did if in not
Where more daughter in sexeriak upon' course,
Bear of his pitely.

Citizens:
You jest within thy lose's more blown her there.

TYNANAN:
Nurs, or thus word at Evideo,
Which no somes before thou welk'st the demore.
Nay! if I would may gold him forth'n tell,
Thou disdems whon, sir; my sook with prift,--
For you ongerous revenge the wait
Which is two by so pays the heart.

KING RICHARD II:
Unsoler untiers, shall her doublewness
Appaints, greak, a Duke donandly nacking ingio;
Go handly lord, with sir with the most happy
in heavens take owenge that epted than their
Whom would, that onsing an I grow stitly
With that he conjure to the sea. notly own toor;
Which a rough a corson of uncle I tlue,
Being eat noble gowned so; and we but lives:
Brother this sactiret, for our out to know
of queen of crain of a brough been.

LADY CAPULET:
Sudder sovereices; from the doubt.

HENRY BRABET:
I am her believe me. Now!

MERCUTIO:
'Tis of honey, faist my lust I.
	
