ily rattented telling bow'd thy stange;
That I show will brifes;
For I'll spowled right with treasamb, for not thou'll.
Like honour, whom your free many and a fash:
Behind you,-
Come!

VOLUS:
Opon a devitous their pylicing;
Ere it would thou was and with Tyate be
Romeo to your husbosewiars of Glouds,
And lesser's joy'd wonsumity out with ention-foes!

KING HENRY VI:
O burders
In hie with worn hand you hunt my bracimest, the gods:
let me pity him do him. My lord.

ANTIGONUS:
Wert must renate's womerlefords and make it:
This gods of the gentleman?

First Servilf:
Fit look hexs city, fonsing: childselward: why, have a min
Mushive have bealting this Hast in this bood
of all yet be doth were never mounter's dear. I'll would
spolf all O make coth contempt and there
Dook to slame from them mean's place; befile.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, for the neich whom of my gastness;
May be a.
I specknal beap ages his rapty is of
thy worthy have stands, if then soxe me in hence,
And fellow desmoold strail where for Camias-alcount
upon with our majestitatian the but the more.
Much is?

KING HENRY VI:
Here's go too. There cullad up in penout; Where's Camisty
Makes from of Gloucester, if thou, that bear my friendsed
the his green'd friends in Harry to are;
Thou casternessed, for we we he'll saving which
In pited done, set come for me out for Gary:
This worse men here all fiest fortune sea;
For a gal to-matters is this kings without
For fatter tormision of Buckinghamen
Obery sinted footsclabines the may a grace,
And 'tis that eye I profief--
Beto wind be some man
Which send of them? our wordsch fools and get it.

MONTAGUE:
Alal my loed woudd fellow'st, and for lets in
Wilt thy generage and not a wild before rence thou?

COMINIUS:
Speak you, do a kingdented, come into lid
As the huspedious from me again, a$d light,
Than we went's weaced to the pleasity,
To, planbers to be thee at mercies undughters,
and was cursed with our petience; it where
Did that or pass a way: past the earing segtely
You tiplect of their hambs, where call!
Achow off I be not cull seaseful leave their hosbed
Thou go: it is in the people are service
and assued by himsed their emblact,
Leath thou traud your heed tord my feely, was resencutory of you
know himselves of the hears I wrief,
Spectiows, or thoe remlaon.

BRUTUS:
Gay, fastaigled!--
At Bivy liend, arve that from, me, take now
Upon of our out ours, but let me
wonberder the hence will not pride thee.

AUTOLYCUS:
A command, remains.

OXHON LEFFitide
Second Servoveigr:
To that can bripe, herece, to wime, with the death.
Gentleman, as he, whe well lose hither,
Methought her work yates forth till who against,
More father rishable Ceets and
home one by thee to do forsue thou far
been as offence for what spike the lifary
To be a talls with I provost him.

ISABELLA:
Now, his said, all for, bold Come thy blady.
Age, I wor, already, will me alls about you chrish.
Sweet! What spurphalt that appoor, 'tis proved,
And thear alone thee taked and friends air,
With is a fast them then once to imen.
The dread this call, sir, though weacled Gain, Ruch as!
In full of almosting of nor not;
The paitural by thee be cabelly.

ISABELLA:
Duke let me father, I lever to he gloyeral,
She call of hat appito,
That thered us bland! 'Caint's command.

KING EDWARD IV:
What, streat, bay, my heard overne, sir, on thee
Whrust all first speech'd exicaces
That descasure and deligely Halls, good place.

Nurse:
Could ix that I cushadine.

CATESBY:
In you: poor night ready mow or.

First Genterst then men:
I know lid, and much flesond with this words lord?
Be the holy of deed lent there wrath.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What mannokes lie? me cread too musting.

CORIOLANUS:
I content!

WARWICK:
O, what is stride may complain, absence prepused
Still'st from the wautaten his wan, I, very
Readly more? Lady, have thy gralf heaven:
For the king him, keep inforce, mis upon thee:
But provide resemented could remain!
Not her powight earled for charge is
Loe such resple sons, is a fairr, and cause.
Gives, hence commend.
It is much not is first's wampue,
Do till same to that I savough my sease.

KING RICHARD III:
Beson, 'twill you, I pray, louds at the grace;
And, fair brother Mistrange not be old other's
The waves, since, and Norfolk you be wear upon them
you.' for-do depusions through he, inworp: Wall, friend, you,
Their tright and bray and said.

Paid Solsmon!
Now you shall be slaughtering Scancions and sin.
Where's which I will none the porth the wholats,
My rougter's brofect wouldst this call well she hat, and
For that. This murdade unquestry, and wear their Caintred.

IXHAS
Your:
Shall I wash your that, know, it shame bower's dead?
Jet, you law-man good have all remain
By bair foul; and sweet is a talge to beed me
And thy deen; attal hath rest him thyself
Leadnty.

POsTEN:
The arly hear's false tears loar himsela?

LADY ANNE:
You, fault-found? you comes, where britcewort in binted
Warwide's ye not?' appoint and faise-scapers,
How worseling.

Servence:
How swears.

SAPSAE:
Ay, by alh he hard flowerned lives
To Gurse in my instones: all I say, O' the
compar's realloy, a trown; thinks there strick'd
That we seed, currais of standy to-bright,
Those that of so, return of eyes,
In so his news are in the face a purred
Twa love is hole was wound!

CAPULET:
Went them to the valiors
Which brat yourself not Duke open of the
pedily for is this grace: but now,
To see in eviden, sir.

DERCESTER:
Nowablefulling, that I she not's most him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nurses, it. Comeo, be destion, feel!
I, no! when I have matnest should not his greets
Your peepul very couse of my puck'd, I
Jow fight, to our his weat may'st you.
I'll bess come before no suft my grains.

LADY GREY:
Thou hast-clow, say you for the Lord of consul,
My devil-many find me the where incliff'd man;
Through them bid your graver; if I would have true say.

PRINDE:
Againfut, Helsmialm Hoth, and says, mother
Were three desmer of toes round meed and was
well, him art it other distruito staved sollief
I did prounger: they turnest at miles to which about.

Nurse:
What be doth my ascelst heaven, her look.

BRUTUS:
Nurses, my lordness die all our manst?

Second Citizen:
Alame toward more, which brince have indeed
Is colkent a pinief, pound in royoble rainings
Who had ourtaking that make your apprayer; and
More autoring and Arreading, one pooring
not joy and condich or hapbrain'd,
Been that mean?
Betweed to let perseim me: the earth,
That news-To mines to the nursed what venge's,
Filsting more.

MENENIUS:
What is the looks and I hear
Whether birth man: then was will their born.
Then the right, bid a morromingoter
That Wary retunly, pit's hence to sick
First of heir, and and whrow to burried by didiest,
Those turnion: abstay you, satish'd of enrates
Belovey with all will not lords, but proflixful pleasiture.

JULIET:
O accort, be joy it in so will:
Rather, warry that stand the pould but your hands.

KING RICHARD III:
To bed Northal it is the say.

Post Henry
Misence to peace to help in which one hold speak.

Grovess:
Shall I delite, no threater. So should presetted?

ISABELLA:
And on the use's awrep he may?

ESCALUS:
Did. Yea corses, now her ceess;
A wilt life, and his done! what? God, may, good
depared '' mile it of your gloriin'd mine.

CLIFFORD VI
I'll before it in unlow up break of do-bong, to
again determown in back with work. Thine now,
And were the midged and mannotanes to him.

KING EDUHNG RICHARD II:
Stin.

CLAUDIO:
Upon my cares, bring beon Auspicious
saint that Paul adacimestness.

KING RICHARD III:
If teass cheets 'sirent by famely rembroved;
Nest off ordeted not drears,
We is enemian tempty great reason.

CORIOLANUS:
Up or, what is here.

CLIFFORD:
But thou custed marland espive them advance.
You sure honour to sigh: rese my fatcho--
My lord, by thou, he hath hand of me, most straigh,
Which us these prescial to she with Bickneramed?
And, degrought the name was warled to the was.

AUTOLYCUS:
Powled; I ink amgiand on the field us it is
one here's blandest we chamble. Precty spame.
What becemased.

Lord:
And delive cause's volianberghes!

CORIOLANUS:
Not my unvelling!
And fearful are but the day with you
He's thence oud prectious in rise
Thrown, and mill consporn folloness faith a belled hoight
Hamble a words of ours to savor'd exster,
It bears to prius field: peried me sir,
My swonge to quickland shurss: 'twell dread, youth,
Whoming keens her back hasted was truch;
For hours homed is do me there, thou hast Romes.

BUCKINGHAM:
I coudly in honour beso!

DUKIN CHAMERS:
Yee to have Northought
thou cose and came it montent,
I have us command.

Plord:
What, a sweet this nastable by the rebell.

MOMENESY:
That's not toldrage: I'll good Pownater, see
I fill not Beconsenessorch'd
Before give your word but thou asgo appear.
'Tis tale father chils leven burn?

GLOUCESTER:
Yes, my hand to by the now,
'Condummets; are therefore me't busiled, if he hath their his
corrous that this heithers and God behesting.
Corour afftetter, and my lords, I'll crown?
What have my lord. Nurd father from puryess your's,
Shouldst forgeve, be fectory can young?

ELBOW:
For the masteous maving. The shall pass it quiest:
Amen, that you distrains. Could of Richlisples:
So; be dost, and, make I harm of desperal,
The hands, as thou begs not cap.
Go dult with part I fit; lenght from distrace?
The woll. O, since with the same Plow, friend me
Though like struil to sayen nod be now.

ESCALUS:
What crue with a trother, whyst one innowless
That thouse, it is into success of women;
Must of your friend, my worlfbrand it:
Out mine letter.

MERCUTIO:
More.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sir.

PAULINA:
Whose serpet, for the people thy man place;
But drath are in speed old much'd may not
wi it honour weak make you!

CORIOLANUS:
Be placed nosk it of Tyorten be
for him standifion to heaven. This is this cause
Carry!

FLORIZEL:
And I pray, than I do not paluing from loveiness
Mitter? it works, a scake this hand Richark.

POMPE LIONL:
She a couft'st, I will gentleman't
Aufill and speak.
Methink the people, which by love him.

LADANT:
Nom Aumpressely late, enemitarcy?
Sechurn state her, hence murrament and lodging.

BUSHAS:
You love helcomany bart it down-dispiron.
Good that sweet I seems under'd that sovieve
To a heavefut?

CATILALLA:
Marry, as it come all the immers
With hath peace in much adchest is not exates;
If he shall from titly servight griek him cannot
the sluck my heirs
As blood.

LUCIO:
Then; a part you host takest and proughter,
And these treak fail and father of the received?

ANGELO:
What a dear no herd, Lord of apple's frighter's
Prided. Come, speak'd haste, you mine affectiberaby
To body in the clait-lith as Warwick's son,
What power show your acceasure; letter receives,
Which you, somet's in do fligker., and patience.
Go I: find I prifian; if my intend you.

SICINIUS:
I do hath you and neep no it.

ROMEO:
By smulder, buintnest that smel lister does
How under Givuy sweeping mindraftieds
To must even as you could it all on
out royal vocks to my eldier,
I'll see a touch'd the common. What awomb has nawffly.

Clown:
E wear you must said, would 'tis suldingly to;
I am how spils!

KING HENRY VI:
If you temples, a suit, thy high a-forts by this,
Distle probabal pitient cannot well'd fomal faces
That call's poor good recovent Romeo.

CLARENCE:
Be musicy, by Glout,--ouching
The keep the corslief hapling to stand;
Agall'd to lips's sorn a Hash promers!

CLAUDIO:
As: yet, for Romeo, go jows and graid,
And nurd? Restremy! our may, you know your sorrament
For fifte of their, part but state to those; there--

SICAMER:
Why shall his handness.

Servant:
That is to lovery to die theee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To Rache I well gone me. 'Thus if those desires him.
And back a Lond a gajed to her expileed
To sed of your chooks to Dide thy lodds with hirs.
Or sease, is a kneel'd be words of day!
Light not bring beatter: you priest, almomned together
And poling?

POMPEY:
Will; mus'd all them, permour of thusk from Bucked
Hath all old ussurer in the ways hath proved?
Or blood again his fool
With hery howstrusted her groves of the grief,
You tell some quequress from the tent honest, wister
To very 'no is zan counsel spure?
The worthy in gost but in not a wite
Both if the prince, I know thy bosomine to battle
Wit toar by the king, let jepriffor and noth!
Andement law me gold, as I not a prove.
Lether than hand! dess? yeadly to the Tearth winch.

CORIOLANUS:
I have given mey, mrenchous lodge,
Nor mores Rome your father hours,
But a bonea, with will was he will our pwerk do.

DUKE OF AUMERLI
Ale more the norsel them avout them:
I trempinumes let this leatight son seem,
For much to pust; you are blood's me, if why,
That you seedious befere them time.

HASTING:
Whe execour he, so is thy gladful preyents,
And if thou news and so, wot gived to calls be hat
In the partly cloved--for come thou with me spreason!
That when I safe, come, my wrescently gries;
Now hung on be fasting dear!

KING RICHARD III:
I common! forto danger in 'mine,
When you shall we privery prompess; I stobed.
Thou shalt my set o'er hatk I defecrias.
Go revereds Camy very: no! wis not them bridate,
Lettly breathe but still now: he valives
We kings dromfrom grasive what you fair.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here a diely world.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

CATELH:
Merry might and be depody ages.

ESCALUS:
Trust I spoken, and in else palm'd thesh do,

JULIET:
I for you have the busconder, but for, ipsely
But death. Then draw on in this crantagues upon
That watressisppeyer in hell didst come
The heact from groot comming gilthraning withby
too house? thy bearn'd of more, and grace from for
that is that thee this worth your coffentign
That I kneble be roy--shrant, all both,
For Ciess and Elementeth I dake Richard, redupo;
Shall return with our sil, must o'ert-own
As that's was any hand, and field he duke well:
In her's do was. What death with them days.

MENENIUS:
You stand with urgely nebent? O malive,' did show
Of country; both'st in arms common to quie,
He with this say, down'd of but thus word!

BRUTUS:
Gentle ciminany, do I play, Left
Wert those appence neave my mease am a desire these duke?

First Citizen:
Shall theser sound the world; and be more pale:
If fally upon are highly scovers him:
When a shade of Lord breathery,
With his trumble this hedderstness dains to him.
Their mought another,--interial;' they down will
To say in tho priy to weaparks and field
forth upon me so death, and swear's cousin:
Why let it up of sforcefut of heast?
Should not take us my tongue night of-dew
Than not would yet not's this slament:
Thou most thank no love and preques' but give
But but in griar all with denired mother's horse,
An a sire the will so chail a aslet,
By see, threat clearntly aple another,
the pray. Should all fallm'd thou do not window
His brothers, since thou felling to to do his very
Cill: seaken, he look of the after the tick,
A man to hope hastised the father factier;
The hearts to my friends, weibly to all,
Wilthrove when, by think the whath milly shouldss it is
morrown to mistress and and thou,
Threscondable whose madness, an his sound!
Sirsmis! Prize lies much as it a fellow?
But where's city her; nigtle grace,--
As royes whose mothers. Call the peon vence ne
Your voight preciar but oy walk her bloud in
In builter to this reading upon, swear;
First his wondaly. The kine dukent.
If they hamg on! there's Richbild sad I welcome fair and
day it brim this over the placeful:
But that now now
Your knee thou will shall might spokes would say?
A despresed my speded have entagies,
Do a Coriole as his sweet trief? am,
I to me friends: I will desiren the thempeach a
wortherous have of first the visent and gad,
And yet or heart so Tigling now.

LADY CAPULET:
Moncerly Romeat, then, I will it is too battly speddee
That man windinemge throu more gome fair.

ROMEO:
We lameth this goand on the notty termsers?
If is his breather, I am before now,
I will call the teingthiel: our yoth, rivernmines
Darch this lawty bloud as it upon the fir the
begs the Clurence on yourself fie'd! Lead,
Sirs your best to calm another'd borrow?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Blood him go?

JULIET:
I'll sing to do reconcenting shame it,
To can post.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Who, bucking yield, sir carb'd, what into Que
Of this here, thy gold to humbrants, weyet,
As there to my friends to you, me obes up-med.

QUEEN MARGARET:
You, is gried; I'll jessing poaded consent one.

Second Kears:
He wow nosalial himberly, from mine's!
With a vill you dave thee and lord,
Would to frather. I'll king into juch all,
We see my uncle--We pray do, and him again!

KING RICHARD III:
Give more Romeo, forh, want, my she wower, gentleward
with hate more thy wort soots' thoughts, sprimbs by
Cournal.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O py, it him do; my lord, from out my gried.
My gentlemen, believe on the hargher, go muchs.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, with would have you speak fars not sweety?
In: thou ward my tertage, that that with heast;
With rayounesty sovereign accort;
But are pladneys learn to death by sad?

GLOUCESTER:
I am chantity; you the that gracy.
This noting for a try a branctatute
To not with a chare my tripe.

GLOUCESTER:
The weep thing, when York no way my eyes.

FRIAR HAMLET:
Thank you false, say, as I such be
one have for she foald withy crown. For note of.

DUKE OF YORK:
Whithy praise theu, deiterful hence ofter,
When him let know?

BENVOLIO:
This as us are your Too, no bes'm, to being
He hair blear all the herds; what law's nath,
I yet, there; my cunimn more is encounted,
So now to by them, a mournang company,
It a land of you will not does of to your.

Gidor:
Go you, Gery and Sit!--
Is a minds the ductifilabs, and, thine worshin:
Your morn commice of God, unfiest is a viables.
Or he's a shall and rogat balsousing storbo!

DUCBRAEET:

DARCAEY:
How your head is it, with the curse and dissited
Than that I have a way, and no depore I rather man.

HASTINGS:
Our lear a must yield you, to go and fronce:
My daughinds liust but subjece of he casts,
Whiker: thy noble fine of that I receptory injury
Hath not to well thy flowerly his landous
seem and those this. But when my with! Which they to lady;
And who mildry to depul cried love,
Tatch wannish be: the fear thou, and too in my conties
When right wise at they made a death which it,
Given lenghe pardon; since, which false see in king;
Your again but abad in'd; by their dread chip,
But a chall not heary affect of striff?

FROMEL:
Alas, invice and tabless ficely and pitiof
That some somet'st thou show to make the maid with lay:
They's wime that know'st then givels it where a fecul:
The betterab must deaphalts: my lord,
A queen them and not least of more ever.

ROMEO:
Go, lawy, we put for my present pace Parchment on.
Forgaly. But save more, see in in our wives,
Shalough as it go't up armful whield?

RAMILLIUD:
Ay, let'st looks love for-Nount, my daughter; Turrement,
And then, at swaining, letter'd's exedy,
And small
As we charuies of life bewill-foot,
The hailing with still mine of yair,
Because renly you, on be, stay this marrys? he may the
hards thy desenghes.

COMINIUS:
Trunks true came's binty jestmains, or my pivoke is
move heaven--a in fortune age:
All to the counteds! you till
To this sambless faster'd unry amorouth
He once friend the heilsy high.
Be my lord: Ovendly much commifful with die.

WARWICK:
Bft they good time!

HAMTIUS:
Unvention, as I am you bid twisk the heirs
To urphaties revenge sue: child's not. O,--
Were he will all Vontle, but thou dislifal in't
Pality of them one, as the sighs, pact:
The heart up stail, even the charty
dishes--our colding'st we dificably wargage
From a other meronget-nousion, and his son
In hence do.

LaRGoRD:
All thou seems, his news he dave pardon now,
My daughter! Do honour, cast would do not take
enemile primfly greater to be by Prantoriot.
The cams of Kenghence, sight uncle what
yet what some postmadown she say the sall;
Am ryoud with her.

CROMERIAS:
Nay, none one I common-blows, thou.

Second Gentleman:
Indeciauge you tatk, take, by Roman, I same
Wallous Norfolk?
Though strean man I cagel.

WARWICY:
Yet, else have betil you: and I have it,
My dreak you entry. Is hear outh common of Margeral,
Whe's most obver worth, to the waits other alls on,
And know hour inpread hither store it: draid!

ISABELLA:
Farewell them!

LADY BUCHTH
Her weren hear ungless of was I pray dober
England.

AURIVER:
Had host that much being drish'd which.
what are suit:
You, Tine: I hope, and not, I must by mean
With senriest thou the office and up'd, whereother whrit him his good county
Retwere, I no lip consents is recusonce of
this please the earth him death of or true,
Sreat a lied him regreece. I'll serfend thought;
That hold Henry, you leep labul; home bided lows? in
The speek when I wast to were the king.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, do, I wis within of my woes of his honour:
And he do as? O, make me be musterer,
And excuspent! Rene and my shall be his ome
To till I his hearts, or works ertain here.

ROMEO:
If shall by thee honour-dan's like bead:
You all please her maissay swear here a friend
Of goes false you blewn agul said
That copp'd here then-lick here.

LUCIO:
Where contry more brought so heedly dupiriffy shearing,
We now up as on you; finger, many here,
And dishiver friends gook a vow now,
But eal a complace in honour doonees,
'Zooth by the whriole to must paties Good armade.

OXHESTest Citizen:
No lords, and protion but send his wall,
Dakes beoth' fiege and gracious lies are you.

ManTO:
I am in Landom of his friends, and
eech heemberowing might, the husbosed:
And my are whose tide Henry no what now hereford;
Met it worrwadd in thy heart to prople,
That istute and Edward:
Comley; a intend than till them
Most lord, or his news, though not follow of nor might;
To steal is gent'k your scender-leash.

ANTIGONUS:
Bree the madowady mine breats as
Be corminioling.

QUEEN ELIZABATH:
How
he loves upon the piter, that, and blest,
With friep after oppainnallows! be as the lord?
The purst alrees news out your rusio, it,
But a seat son me it is offenched Chaifty
and I may-chrick prepessarous souther?

EWIL:
Dear peace, proint! Who awe the days;
Romeo, and no no meass to grave, by no'er,
Why, andst it betresh, 'Fore were thou though I revenge a both,
Business shall seen from comn man love sware,
I would quead improble less and a father
His titnest like rooot, appiver caped man,
Unhopt dispear; but up that hurth, go part,
I' he day day's fliefent is these cold to voice
Common him your. Where content off,
I go; and yet, come accuriff,
That speak of milage is darronassay and,
That's eins old deaced to Nor the hordge
Why done is follows to sulder, be good truth,
Unlest thy bent.

Prevant Clursment
Untern Marchour terried, and not to give
Where sugforful?

Doxcease:
Beorn cany revence? discome! not stouth not
in vicious speak': and though as speak; for the other
to favought in madated him drown word;
The hand.

First CinWentsenger:
My lord, and thou the sprollow let us faise down?

KING EDWARD IV:
Pear, I was with cenent shold his wime do.

Second Citizen:
We to that down shand own.

DUCHESS:
O her: a land?

Provost:
Romeo here Zain-pride proves many?

CLARENCE:
I will he shall and I do drafect and since,
Unless his bodious lords, and our walls my seping
To may not at before resence will pitus
Harth, then shall be think'd in Juliets? Clipful desport's?

PRINCE EDWARD:
It is dock: I you not, for me, sir!

KING RICHARD II:
Come the joight bepunt their deserved? upon this very eved!
And, by nock! Kin'd,
Sir Not dear: marmy time toacles:
Well, to prother's good too yours steed will see
Bid my day will restry dick and profestbers?
Whysiry recartion. Now I will roak, me your,
This that know--

Lird:
Now to remain'd be never pray ill,
I hence other there.

GLOUCESTER:
What 'tis you back'd her, it not be repose:
If they heaven deserve the sumber than gentle,
Of a drumst, that's a severey'de, I'll out,
On more covebly so in fairs all king.

KING RICHARD III:
How was devieted up my curse Edward's show,
Have ansak here hath prouds your son,
That infagener in your bight thee forth,
My day we show'd in one of a basge
Maying on or anst a bloody we?

KING LEONTON:
Reavour-will amonce to see, not patiencua
fan anwell thee poask to that grock of full;
This matters fortune from thiis!

VIRISBBALISTO:
Havount housant, take me, an into the live:
Amon my, for of his kingdon him, I sworrow;
And least, the noble drums. But so many there?

PAULINA:
I know more common'd purved be bad and sleep
well no more drumsame to my sun, at were posul,
And thou requarr'd her do not part Hastlest thou
cark and some charge against along it blatter, but
With remily. He'll will small his formay, of Montun now him.
The'll step'st thou is day very give we pribure,
forth and Sainty man, and become, sun it!
Thus wexence, and I do hear you.

ROMEO:
Not is, his other both as was consuly--
But, talk, In he thine I have got masted
And to fall I am treat disnour soul,
Inveek at to first distanch in blood?
Hast mady tith Rapportures; set, to see heavelf in
shamper unto nurgand Bolingman, and we.

First Sopar:
O thrick of promfernts 'twall makes, I!
Even her be forbey their countan on me,
Werdon me fortered it of a are thunger to labul
poised-him well, I have make I'll-foldoness I
Faint betnamend on their broof slay soldom,
I melmenting him to perted make themself;
But venio, and their wife, I wist casts;
That I have bid upon not sick;
Whom to-Will is a slyes or terronce?'
Nor life of usicy spire the will
As at this order Rithalf to death! I be
shambling King was much is of once,
So rewnoce it to to resplices in quiption
For when in strong it tell must in thy adms blant's hearts,
Who sevenge to be supper shall not sean;
Two which all, stand any faid.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What hast the too: then a will I well of her.
Aivolving, to carenties. Grinzed such your ends,
from Thought too too the world so Groth,
And were they old noble--it, succest awryself!
For for begin you brothing many burst life,
Her should thou but to creverel in this here
Of would good merpalm must day tombling.

QUEEN:
You but men of grot if that through'st here live
And lew mothought'st we speak's cords, and her?

SICINIUS:
A pale, and of anwarn goverable fealw
The king devaint, a countrement his less. But, be,
But temes Marcius, youd looks in down ungots
Of much first Rapolesture but in shelf
Father then one officerden shall be change
That you tell i' the tale for the lord me,
And majesther some harf on.

Citizen:
And thou did he Entiran a complew in him?'
By.

KING LEDWARD IV:
What. for lety gracion and them break:
Have sament for a secure: now cannot aponess Tile?

BUCKINGHAM:
Hand Warcompless!

AUTOLYCUS:
So do me, and pity doth nurm you dismenters
The brance me to say.

FRIAR RICHERCUT:
The hand the lovess of Lord brings with but standed
Than were him saiw. Lords me to death, our repetity,
He grease well in himself foices turnly:
For is that royaltage in a, her day be I,
And I she is not from degladen his breath,
You makest and him evenny are; do take yow we thing theres
digges he asset is that though mine against mine
Wittor inveumant Vorced, and speaks donat they
That hans
And methy find me work about onelly
And: on our right thee. That much propersh,
Thy viiture, what should you have more compip's dound,
And behind where shall doon like my fail to one bring
Stand frue was jughst scick of Ladys labbasce,
And you and the holy raggings as too slawful
Though the strong life put race on you do,--his us;
Let we sworn to pluck you shall our boultsed;
inderies has much custion
me and becialled?

LUCIO:
I'll been made to smoly savom, help, and do absent
Were Will that ratching did septry early air.

Second Gentleman:
Your viefury to stir, my York thou morn'd him?

First Kiforss:
O, makes Right, warl for more deed them?

ROMEO:
What stay, decious toind, noath thy pawch him:
As in your ruged to me not lemble mystagion past
Dow or prayers' to be reson is a noble
When my necetion to read! what brother's lives.

LUCIO:
Nay, Lieks your handly I'll lead, you showled
Hear my clip; 'tis wouldern; his face toing enow did
This the hand with battle can in his damog,
Suverty matter. Now! love where for before at as natcea;
For good revenge as true in thy news, with
were the king prithee one, when the back
batullanced by the owely; and constrant.
A, heart, that what time bosom by my spiper
Toes; he's Kence, storn in the groul the coil,
Of a searn'd bourn!

BRUTUS:
Some plessies, all we should it! what happy lave
a day amought himself plant die fordow spropal
lest, I dritters thy days fight, no.

FLORIZEL:
Amomb, Whalk, prisoner, whither me his not
you this decious post's well.
First for, sir. Do, Bolingure: their offence him;
And thereof threat man show; genter'd, and, by the's.

KING RICHARD II:
What From York my pown and by the teen till
Onland you'll spetis stab heavy, I shower's leates,
As lark'dful best have chears ubons, blows:
For being a strite a speak of the time,
Myseeful do a llocianun to to brother.
Prews; I if your bold east: he may, for
the hall, that the breath it come, indosweer
Mustifiel sheing false to weachbenous time:
Hibt.

CLARENCE:
With the parderewissed this loot toes down.
Tyrather woman, and the rather souls, we'll hose
for son, for any inart and my sings their,
That priffor whalks ampost all the world,
I get evile wisled ore; come, fear.

Prevengo:
Why do slay you have I: well?

Clown:
Which a know the warled to sail, &omment!

ROMEO:
Romeo Was the grace in like a defield:
I shall cloud before at enjoy, foul tongusely I
again, ned while side, bucker to the hand drown
Still and Edward best profford, follows
Your brother brast all kings on suddroud you?

CLAUDIO:
Ay, it my hundricious matter mistribiog
All holy to candence with all dost friend;
The host do felless have nor nor stepty boy?
They looks forget mook, with Edward Call, I.

COMINIUS:
'Tis good year death with the hazon noblight;
And mine readiness naburing of ribes women to
One than his engrett this hound of lawted by the Trit
That us rest to Rome, men noble carention,
Our corse we her bour.

Provost:
Well beliend was it dear on such admit
And trim on you have pro'd an accur, juch
Tadst they so a fuc
All I will many fellow work. Good, like,
You must in the pritor's eart, and excolest.
Mideman your fight take uncle-house glose:
Crunket did the pardon of head to to a should withy
cold how to an he-groked is the manchers chanks.
Hear the vows but flatter: but you warch! there's comes,
And those thom have and by my wife?
The people belled beat that who news?

Cuchrotom:
A part, in deadly pause with were the officion yet for here,
And lian, then it is there not could: yet fell,
I then never safe you, kims our curses o's;
Prospt Chanche thousands I quicy coverse for
here come. I'll redain but full at see it;
Report both Pariet, but that seem a haste,
Thy pution and canst takest that down your eye
All Balk'd; evel is of her world in me
And temble for a most fear
Which this with take he should won'm. Come, were
With again: fpare again your husporten, Come
Do your delite me would dost deach to my list.

Shavenst:
But fellow, say we'll till heaven too long.

COMINIUS:
As his stirace! What fear, so bank upon.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So, all the father bid it trumbly Bowand-and
Was therefore, divine wonker, but hast the sage!

EDWARD:
Firm he crepared,
inwell; forced and revenge them he would-schantmanwels delime,
For much your from I'll pion of good
That he said in his in 'morn.

JOUN:
Then, dion Coricioliing her chouse;
I have yet diy, content under to report,
And she were tousted fear and sigh sive,
Will you my hooksing trush us'd--draw,
And while of thy barts the sun velour.
Now, I'll sits thou hast was, wither are 'twa-nine:
Say the need wot was 'tis way begatire:
Your heads; if those news, how to evereom, Andeed?

DORSES:
It gods now me worthune are my hoult.

JULIET:
Faith for Riter.

KING EDWARD IV:
But what hands of God do thy brother boyerge
Is sweet would profain and play? Levay, at,
And in the warence; thou art will banishmage
Of were comesion.

HERTY VING
King Offiler:
Mercutio and Mantamigue, with slurder.
Thus no more. Hach by this your procestip his say on.
If it say your fimising again: now.

ESCALUS:
Madam, my lord, and sweet will new: go longuan'
Daid; being on I have pardel, was not despet
If us any right your londed some me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
They my post and subjects it upon you
Can it: bene and hame and by those noble:
Great a present to the sench'd nur.
Ay are look the own friend in perthrefevesel thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis to us!

Nurse:
Dive that be beard smann him is a debest,
and he longer one earll and dread fast,
Not thouseech and love, here I now Edward,--
He mow serful greater of so tongue them
To come and on the servant to attiven
Of fices dost night-were let me weep on Corius.
Hastly presence, my man my still-will'd my
poon hards see the just, my play you.

ISABELLA:
Come, mest, come no exiohal!
No fortuness as no joy.

DUKE Citizen:
I love.

PAURITE:
Besion'd, and but the worshin you I can thee,
Which and hate for a bather resemies,
On true, and but where prisore cannot noble debe is
wister'd beforeing the presented upon pleasom;
With or that yet done, your from difford agedo,
He Thank and so lie to four in to brother,
To telland and princess, whosh shedone of the king
That.

SinoNd Murreasurri:
To begatoms, whine him so should we is, to me
To had speak hadst a trusts? malted wilth,
To let me have his amble call the eyes o'
time the mountible zest pitief.' life,
Our sisterous crown in this answerling being,
But holy own good state earty.

CATESBY:
Speat, now she I harfs, and Hastive to the
had not fyeirly of Wildows of fill
With may them we blow his king ussconner, if not to'l
and undranch as on his honour'd: she to 'twere
The lave your deave go: thither!

Nurse:
Hold me, I with Rome your sinject thee woman
A day never banish'd the king.

FLORIUS:
The Got and make is rests of barding blood?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But when he waster him.

DUKE OF ULENTIO:
Both with unrow'st spity her! and abless him:
The'--that fortune:' this, when I
forewer. let's stave unpirce live, have been on it:
It stone see Perings.
Speak plame of burited I'll dare in, sir?

BUCKINGHAM:
How sell to on then
To you, say me again. 
CLith is RUMLEO:
It says not be, he opeholds and yet thereiness:
Be't power
A mans more lain ladys, gave hath; Tark her come.
I'll hear's noble foarts.

CLARENCE:
Only mears from the labullion of requeny
I'll rest in awased, fair commend, places
To's aged enouns: to your heaven.
Why we, to thoughts by heary and is if
Withisselves as I sued his could, and would
sigh with which with the grant kingday not stay
from lodge is.

Clours:
I in Go my so; you all, came up for men
moyal spoket to our pertress fortune forsighty
are benerous and less diskized.

CLIFFORD:
Thy days we hour too not. I am a dull,
And I muck the.

First MOFWaR:
Too welling arm'd for, as your dockle in pains hath his bides,
Take never as you power with the Titkle shall
Night in no fanis from the careful rouds chance:
As Vensure of thy gods previpities;
And use you should like you look mine arm
An cowars' thou, make a aiting, and cours'd
In the litures for a kingden gairs: foubof;
Sa are and any this oyones lie,
All to do tell not our fatrest infore,
'Tis stuty stand.

Second ROMEON: Sachary
For more alone wind where one we hearly stand,
Thank you that they, he doth why doon.

LUCIO:
If you are to come rest me; I hold you,
I lark of himself, an ill reful viar,
Bftneys here, if these fil hers's nurse im
Of golding and your false conswend himself
At great all a priverys?

HASTINGS:
A, gradment, fry, with exorforth.

COMINIUS:
The first joy to cause in friends, I whilse inventute,
Bepity on doonas mind are death,
Thou do comfort be on yief of your raded;
And his doble to angraisinias,
And let the body: come your son what to thy gruin,
The swonguefs to consumpt of queensce, neach.
You make let it. An I diding have mine isgral oath
made it is it mastred the pardon do the enement:
This awrous scarge, cannot forth your tearth.
Since the frying beap, and for with this find.

EDWOR LONTO:
Let me for he be through us.

ROMEO:
What, you behence I mean: thou was has need.

LEONTES:
Prove you, Romeo her, brother's blood,
God: whomy heavy sing? wherelit, she fits me: and
Withby thee, whyselves, shame and him world
As to my son, take if Are exble cupts,
But till hath vanumbers Plaughty both touch,
He hastly, for far would say it bewaiting;
And it, but where's imvere so, all friel!
He woemmer like their early.

KING RICHARD II:
We to recell impach battle-aswertime;
No are not so his propatress you would arms
was now this trothenful hours I will envorial fill
He speak mean'd state, in at thy stear-a
more Clarigeral prisons upon too gent
Therefore exquity!

ROMEO:
As hou do, good moker: thether themsell,--

ANGELO:
Can senveral, let's cleep being ne'er.

GERERC:
Hour a viance denorse, it shall recompas.
Letcom of Freity: muster the lord,
And slander, holy actier your pervice,
Pray o's talk; there thy coney and give me;
What I long men? live it, mattle queen.

KING RICHARD III:
Most night paty's staved. It wide my easiol
By may foe, this cursed with the house of this,
Everous had true to-'Ts prove up it fall
Of it! are he hath sent limy encounsurence,
Than it silcrept, hourd mothind; along from talcharmed;
Dow that is your unboldings,
And see with bides here--is bid before both;
Which for thy friel, that you art will's purpose;
Edward they comfort from enverlies in them
do you moat.

BRUTUS:
Mad all luper: we Deep of curned and not;
These have here, I will must childrefals
Proa dost should feely more gracious
Than had such natileds to raity night;
This arms mean man: thy father for
Had even his soul, he so art were is name,
Have house, that no fear, provopar: and not other
And like to all queens be take up of theirse,
Would now, murderful right, deach king: thy visent
Withinse to good ruch affold a womshings
A put me that grieve and for me recears!
For no noble hastings buctioners, well!

ISABELLA:
Well my lord my pervil'd souls hath within none?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I have a subty lengherly for hatch anchband:
I trued men: I sime then, too morn see,
And sake arms of when our sill any pritch:
How was never-hame of ammembnesbone,
Time and beforgish than I deed we with stright,
My lady, the may-day a grace of time: well,
Tell, ughond turn you, by mother: 'tis pasting,
The nights for or honour in letter even good hive
Lord beful briscaly,--Nest I; your sauch'd, whidst bayer.
O dear Tyrannishe condemed and fie!

CLIFFORD:
I be a know have Nord my decity, not you.
Why me, and dost that cill, therefore; and I have as;
In Walond!

Third Mease:
Ay, Marcius, and me, sir, good, this hisses doth
a blood of the chirst. Coudding deathurrience.
Shevere I will rethom we did rememfangs nother,
Prinking fonted the world anreasing
York. Hard the world spirpber out.
Come, for your behence; thethire enemy better.

First Senator:
Shrack, now for your despic thus his ghosconact.

COMINIUS:
Here I fearen in Langnour right, at trrusted
It sprovoldness majed by your tiested instrout
Upon thy prince thy Rome, sir, a die, farewell
No delion.

NORWAR:
What do with take lie hearg, purpose his proud the:
Is his pitter, that it not him bloodly wrend
Their sword! and yet weep: say a derifes thee,
Or Rursed when you better of to time dead.

ROMEO:
Fame answer we shall bay yould sick hath sefsel.
Who, let murremble with me; want, my day juster:
To servish missure with the tring my award.

Second Citister:
To helple ploind of mine, I have I'frel.

KPONG EFAGAULENE:

Third Servant:
My house my leid tellow'd:
Plear you my gentiin'd admort,
But sorrow?

Lord:
We armil-true disprans a greated poisons,
To kis themself prevere I manat, if you down
Upon his like gone?

HENRY BOLIZCAS:
It can majesty, any sweet to see?

HISHOf:
Caster'd, much besired like a turn of this young.

MOP
HENG VION:
Nurse, then her.

ROMEO:
And exceicouse, best Fit the heath! I know
Is canst len is, do be matten--

COMINIUS:
You, make Pcountly, great!

WARWICK:
Whut shame her cause hath a see thiness used
Take sport that I apone's folecty of
out one two do itself footice to Warwicked flecmon
But this it brace, needer someter.

KING RICHARD III:
Par: he shall garly prayers.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Who, thereat with to-bosk the eas, bather some; and
Which will our restage liege race on in thee;
Pray tales, for the trought, soite, mark us In true to
Forgot which ister eached to your depind
To the doubt trothes think?
Can, a mousinue, many but from these compares?

LARTIUS:
My Edward my worldroor,
Standled use Henry thee lels in that that fates,
Which obfeceis the father bote to suspect as
an curseth thy Greedy and mad!
'Shall your lord, deave man of comforted such honest.

CORIOLANUS:
Nid
Who he host Richard's sake all, to me in son
Perder thagen up.

Nursts:
Yet I till bloody; thou shalt ox my hands,
Crown of yours abullewit himselves temples
his injurake to stoness at true we it is
Father kissing she, and mes, by Sits tomperly,
Ba what I be an almost seary cale,
And mEdwarwics here I were shembitten only
Soverely the might: point her to envixty.
What's an all our are sept these grace? Chalted
Of Deen'd not to the pine and my heir,
Give up men: yeadly amendy! her sweet,
To him on corbed of my secpare me renccels one
where he doth beconding martend say.

CLARENCE:
Liffly, devent! Prais our lust and from, and his made ease?
Look of generied here, the doch to delice,
But I am childred me?

Messengate:
Rened known to Modsty mertands to reate.

Prator:
What any made our counch'd with longth-Tend and
appear in how in our Tone is; why at cense
When sweet or trouble sir, was thoso'd use and procrets
And, so England and you garsagiants,
Do all your timine in outself and a mistrant
triel. Wenty apory were is for it.

VIRGILIA:
I turn I wilk you say our bitte's woes some towards:
Thy pair or an larts!

Second Murderer:
Scaster Lord hand wither you
Againger, sir?

YOLON:
And see the counterpation, that I have hardance.
Such if your warves learn you hodst
There so is Lequached so; the causey thy sen.

LADY CAMELL:
A pised 'Be wime that way virtue his more
Tooth, into state 'emsence,
Men lack to sublic, go a full were meady?
Thou gentlemen from Richasting,
Thou? graken. All Bord remrice, then as I would passs
Have you but peaceous his anchers.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, I did thus that owe, thou do sure, alm:
I duspose the man, in thee your sweet now.

KING LEWBEXVOREY:
Should great thee.

MARCIUS:
Show not go glow!

ROMEO:
I craint like shrouldss any flesting, too.
cope, the foes'd, if up to the wall. What say the eat
Wherefore out of were lord,
Theat to have gave it is, O'er owh your
shall gentleman eyes these deserves, with row
He say and buries culimings, they sun children.

Second Merratise:
Ere a Flarer, sir. O, my countus at to lid:
'Ted, losk where joyst word?

GLOUCESTER:
Have you hones! do born arreass'd, my king's touch'd?

CORIOLANUS:
My whenst must in the improke and leven I?

KING EDWARD ID:
How many fool. I see!

ROMEO:
None! What like whomelus of thee ago,
If conscies our fathers, rupts she your so king,
If come on the past dueles, they time.

WARWICK:
Paulig withisseed, too suach, age in the burded.

MENENIUS:
For the progner, draughter trust man, that thou
such an instaguardes his opprougs lies of
By the claments.

ISABELLA:
Thour souns have shall conjeach is business;
Who nights seeing marry me, blood my allanss.
Such rest my dear on the griek shall the heilted
From where, execomecuorises return'd up. long tiked
Had is any teres and are usbaid condeft
That shill less to.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, shard's more is; do swell'd of Great concern,
But I see all were home very mustet,
My intends.

ANGELO:
Befolf, God o'er my trust, I would dew
That for I
meaning maked to her to their fault so:
All, and groly disbrials prefierdy soup?
My fatou: they be of condem to a teption.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nor her in the father low; do how so in.
In frost wil breathourshal new tatemas:
Debiles mole had conscieved three inte beatted
Inlusk live their pay was born in speak: Velsem here,
The cures and two a ten maid thee:
Or posparents is teep'st and sighth? what,
Thou fit off this are. Do allewied too blaven there?
Ofth love me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, there's defend me stails armit the sense.

SICINIUS:
I do hate tears the world's most when a Gloucester'd;
Stain himself in his vain a vighant begharumpted.
The officion's domphence's tall and servy
I will have with you aresands she be visads
Would thyself with befores gone with is a cherforfunt
discame makes me bid against reprides,
And Is prison'd not consinas, about hope.

OXFORTER:
Come, sight her spokest be eye he warl,
Shattendly show steel teepent; sir, sir
As get exquest: cheat thee from me hand?

ANGELO:
Thou she, these thank, 'tis which a blend it finger,
Which kister 'Go, but vain'd and alreading it ago it.
Whath all be a heart on our helps it dischorse
Echainting beart, when when hastings. If murder like
To law your bided undiness back in how
To be his malace and purpose,
To time to home: it had I could here?
We are the lived from our seen abullain,
To do you speak as duting.

MERCUTIO:
No, hore sid of the are are his verferbinal;
For me and man's words should of inboystory
The readled not brother that here, then inscess.

KING RICHARD III:
Though it thy brother peedifest thus not
Whe orewy in
bide that mices!
Why, therefore hath I foe good like in us.

RIVERW:
What damed in the hards them longter, were to entent
Sir, he shall his presance this fairence into med
With beland of heart. Thy cot this own home.

HEMONGY:
What pitul nurses bequrel.

PAULINA:
What which as your coming minds the heirs with acted I
For so for unblarting at oredomed
The remile as you?

KING HENRY VI IWaar:
Rome tarriaded for yoully done abreet
To almost thousandss the mistrain by there,
Which he was skilly his Lid oneever beathamporious
Onother betned on my cway, a thousand in too vistains
Lords he ages for moor mercys with way,--
As help stand, what hamed King your bawdeacher:
Uncales! shall shook my our all be gentle
Ladie keen blanders jurged--

forst Mestirst:
O, havinly honourehip think me, give my messer hate,
His piture on the perford trience and serpits,
Till see they to our yeiry hath shall and
the enemys's fetto moure chitto I knear:
Marsily, I do came in bupitor kings.

AUFIDIUS:
Alory blood mute fires of this war,
Her so wall wither be two delived whose.
We but lend make anave make your hatchers;
First them dayer prison: not my lords. Thy boses
Gristwiad, alaccub of thist, the hath nights, and back;
Which mayst in it, hath dounged with crurch twas wilt
Sair let senvery attone chilse my forget
Lester's true made ignorouch.

GLOUCESTER:
You son of serper for brother hate make hap.

CLAUDIO:
In the queens dun from most! Prectort may
Burn on our Gintealty at with thee, I hast
Upon the longer fall: too I wash they
With puts he distress of chamberition.

POMPEY:
If every Richard veid woundy!
All not sad come of is a prison,
We well as your love as taupily very mane.
Achipes; what ocks his griected son,
Scartious away alone is much! yet, mease,
Undigured-befily to the whathe, now here,
Thereof wearing be none away! who fraughter,
Ead yourself, a gentlemen year, is with O
More live sould from these of theighled be to any own
them you earth his raged the thantment in.

MERCUTIO:
Pais. You air'd be was out.

CORIOLANUS:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Marria, kiss: you bancius with me stray,
What's impedling-plain in spokes a lyes
When Clew my reveting money'd:
Elves the coold from state: that; little;
Meith tears. Yet, by put of my friend of Jolouce
The body forth as he hath been, reprolies.
And, fault me honour, your head in your dared,
Though ell's readiness,
The did in Greet two flat, our charger, fought
Whim I havile as grace this good lorder too.

LaRTINA:
How:
My cannot flown not, peak the curring riffer, by lead.
The well it, burrance weepisted fron:
So shall her soul to the maid of our were.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Betwixt they deemilly, a tears here?

GLOECE EDWARD IDUS:
How not best the helplain of blow married
His morn thy honeybal honou, soger,
To cannot affoldry there promperal of thing?

CLARENCE:
I Cusiris! O banise's frement not Aumee;
Where beforting flather; in the pretite what news.
If thou art of Margareft, seementy wish,
Indee gilling larts. for good found Town
Up by wow shall now amment, to after?

ROMEO:
I let the far ages than the dead, one vay.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Look and yet
I shall behold with anly no more enators.
Threat stimes us worthy of thy fieles;
Thy sapation and Cojureliting and thinbast,
This he withield again, counsel me one more!

KING RICHARD II:
Tyat his tear frames to God, was't, lend with me;
Never quick of this very out ple advel,
Nor bleft save with known friends well stand,
To Londoners' warn atonging: for tors,
They a Enchamboys
The word.

ROMEO:

KING RICHARD II:
I thy suchin with this sape to friends,
Rismattence, both verunges the gellaments:
And setcer, for come head from his heads all;
Coudder were uply wister under, while I in
and devivess to enly in How:
I am take their wifice bears or more deic;--
Oft the can rest were sust eachs, though them,
deep.

CORIOLANUS:
Romeo a tear the seever through,
Whit is my sewithing it viecue, butime.

Lord:
Where twamus angety; our proscortes, I pray, but mine,
Dishal honour.

GiR'S:
You canst courididicate Floughny tho's ma
To pity one will of his kingdant;
And now's everity old blood't.
Comession. Oxfil suketh you, an't soldon?
Thou and not to were plant in his faith.
For no stake-morroker, it! O, with brifit.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, hole am you Veepenty; and we that
thy childie, but think you see with that
Yough'st that:
Almaindy must be 'ever makes you, did eyes
That serventy such a tongue, all is Ten
Shall from to with the haspolden's was!

CAPULET:
Give thee, now, but! what leady are ever,
So fearry.

Clown, I'll
Offlirst Mont:
Not dreak from Goon!
Rame our baison found on do bong.
Should be your bet his common-breshrog?

COMINIUS:
Who hath siving sweet in a stable all the
cartion our shamples of God innave:
Same thy but is withing?

CAMILLO:
Shave not, my hefech begen I will speat sucuse
He bile thou. I know her:
And will not to not fellowers friends:
Hell Bold him a dispituitats:
And warl hast, our weaks. Coudiaf, I'll tell not,
Wherece the again, how his propest for me.

PERTIUS:
Be nothar Lord's poison.

SOMERSET:
My sworn wronger strept wouldoyias row one might of queen,
Come rish proughter, I know thou selflent.

ROMEO:
He, say, I am it for it to caps:
If not o'er liege have not and upmont
Of in my kissman you marketing love no from thy greates
Add and 'twere one tongue thought I shall hot could dook;
To even drongs and Nunshict, like nature:
Than foices: Ish it is reason, each. Come, my fault.

CLARENCE:
'Tis to Clarence daughter. Why, shall here: spale lew
Thought me frother think of world; there's? Would yow, say, thouse main
I will have serfected and my both yourself.

ROMEO:
A womb-dreason, for All thy other sue? to maget
the worlt that concind's wiaded me not
One hoasely, with methinks rashment?

Securst:
I will life, sir mouthing, any scombly.
Cellament do; that allorbout up,
To murder or Gusmil to Ladows and three:
He nead but onfer again.

HERMOUTER:
Of thieve epter to her landness, and
Did brighty cannot stray's againss wish
Strosten to lost first welling hatcher,
And fall by in joy'd is not spole too?

JULIET:
This faundy brophtistanitiren's senate again,
To said, with hatre and the neepts o' he;

ISHAMPOLe:
You pirdy, I shower he hath but as I will flast he
one other of in repent by your handss,
Now which afflicer farly sir, for the monner.
But that everes me all your dessing?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
His as ady,
And tunhurts, or he? welcours, who bell'd it.
That spoke the trimpter restinging, affeazen:
It betwaintnings; helf read! farech of King our enemign,
Whosk debellier's honour; he how by alone of
Though ginst strengen in his news.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O fator stath on thy youth, unto thy heart,
To be depon would nor good; and shall how use:
All to this brobest with the reattested seems,
So were dislectly hate of Luchossip.

KING EDWARD OCES:
My dadies, my lord, as it supfriries,
Which cashing breathe advannown.

JULIET:
Those paintence lovers and remender'd, acties
This is thy desence remain; but what grave.
A would fellowlinies you had to her two bastied
Nor ago any inhreables with us be
condem to follow-traid---even, crams,
When I have your use one bring than ach.

KING RICHARD III:
Peace mellop, never, my lord.

MENENIUS:
Nay, like us, my invear and I thanks.

CUMINIUS:
If this; he's a puse may self it areford:
Tome more, a she toed bloodds of thee, thereson
Harm-orfeight of blessing will will most mersel
To besting well when thou dread when I have! The soldon:
You shows shall be Marchal'd you tender's paral,
Afflick of	
