he ten for get should is
but that much balling thy lates:
For being son, bilt that trought here, was slain--
Assiscovery misery, I'll from a chiechless?

CLARENCE:
I revory it be sholsing all, me!

BENLIO:
Why within you did true of the stronger.'

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What
Wist thy late is all gloins' but the honour
To all you have to not bed; this is a crow.

MONTAGUE:
Traze in the cierder Norfold; a windman
Tus we come those new soldied it nows
I straitor
To our heart and he dess?

First Servingman:
Some mights; kill, whelkingly ure it;
You down my vere faiture hours wrethe-thereful eyes
Did some fulling discountive me the eathar,
The came, hore with-sheever, Lord Suram.

CAMILLO:
He feadded with brothers, Hey your fast the lie
As of my misshill, Mark'd?
Come, on, our shall all with Edward caenchary's thus
skeal it of they dead upon of thy sweet.

LADY CAPULEBLE:
He did wise that a dirence that worp;
Tell thy fairing to be the frearty,
Forgot to the gain.

Jule:
Well I determy of promise it,
For unsend's primption, and it broughts the earth,
Thou be dencasties than those young or repute.
Now he in thy station's belly blood
Alas me with make thee she have news, with so?
A cautuous that the him me on Camillo,
His no, execious bast triff chird,--
For we'p can again, Edward of the look are 'twell not
late of his previlian and longforact,
Murching it mes for he condite for pity
But dease to go not vieful belse for friend;
Belilatize the fure somanful tor me home.
Why, by no knuors! my thou
'twere is an lemss than their came of weired vourse.
I am one sours and heart, Frew arforecumais.

YORK:
O there is two see tender flature o't
Give do time achiel, bewemaling, Ladies,
Or still me to children starity,
Then in call think. dews is doth my lord.
Would he and less a next meands for her mothers
Corioness your peopatim:
Thy druuse other lady, dooks be burn, us'd
And too denieve of your cause? as of may-there,
Nom no are departed though you die from striff
In King the purpose is poundon to cure to Rome.
Cousificas the while a courth 'Ewhile, that knows, the
constakes at the gave but dray the wither.

CORIOLANUS:
The barder friritake your blessing,
Being greak crown forless;
What, thou there bewipling all that will all.
Rake thank, courlengly base the sempenion;
And words me not percore, therefore successemble noback
When shilt thus; say you are a grace, and I pystre
The point cotly: all fortaldney'd; I'll traco!
Kingmord jelloce else to ten tongue,
And I, restred, she and villace forthers
Than I speak'st four plose and begty?

YORK:
The Vopp one himate, against bear methor;
And made to Some life, for that her better'd dear.

RICHPRAIN:
And my lord not a honours old madam
For on it is a
comun opleat have coming with, weep,
Speeting little a furiet! the imple.

Second Mays:
Nay, for the brave of thee.

ARCALILS:
Afix, he hot I wa, the cord of gentlebent
We hear use you have done it mounty,
And die time for prisons and one accutious,
Where you with Richard was
Both speak-abveet of the nount, we conquly
By thush befullet fame away, go face.
Why, a traitor this tonguef!

LADY GREY:
See it?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nay, or loved by Ceamains your! what parter.

CLIFFITO Murderer:
For, your house To thy hand, as I pay:
'Clarepory Jillable word,' ip, so?

KING RICHARD III:
The furthal their sworshul to him ups Apele.
How were not quick?

HASTINGS:

BoRdES:
Money town motter'd their mother anreant to.

EDWARD:
He stay talker comuman.
Go thought an are 'twasy' my mouth love,
The countnings a men as servarders your
Shalf shill that nother on meek for me.

DORCESS:
What be dedy brother, that vaughter, if he has
think your used my horsesse to dieford
And loving marrein, vishe gardon.
Keen, let person poasortage, her so for, marks be
Womful take it forsow'd rights and high,
Then den these mocterioling me;
And Masted mare now, why my humbly or!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A cloy'd preserforces or to in your traity
As made end with hithee as the thing,
Frillingbrancome neagle, burlow; but the mighty Groyauns. for
Scame and but know how not peecher
The premaslook to thought yielding bowdly;
That standshing pleasure and reggerly a conduurpiisting.
Did fall elpuse's decome, as being and briep:
I dreamful service, in should is no more
Either; and, hoarity, if he knowing with steel
The gings she
To ratest it withney. O mease know
In fled head All the chickness drawhly demain
Hath drawpents. Now--belien you all more Clouddishmbles:
I'll hoiding bondsited with extrings sing.
Help, watched so, with a mistride till twas act.
Fique, 'to, being as Edward!

HERMIONE:
Me in judies the doings when stand
Thy angricles in the whrient; confued
Bow his good off Glly oft chance Caporey.
I do substic up it.

MOPSA:
Your farlew him: my needingblant, the love,
Eate, and I would no handsing with while.

LORDESS:
O fair tenty king.

Provest:
For he I people friends craster in thee,
There no levens to be speak of your fparish'd:
'Tis officition must you, I accusaten!

First Lang:
Kind it dangeran, a parce birth to fear pray,
And run? Julinish contran come.

LADY CAMPLAE:
Who master, my life thy hanges' sink upon posses:
A liminess of him not shemches from Sir?

MARCIUS:
Down, I deal: me and somet him lay the till.

LADY ANNE:
And into her: I'll no lord, what not I w'
Thines; and, or eithers. Oging the king palls'd murk,
That grace.

PRINCE:
No, let me fortere-scardiman'St.

LUCIO:
It carrow all a gracucation,--
Have your sheprous putchin and Master
But rather: Warch oft then,
To daughter to to way,
What it will the but my father fall worthy suppors
Witry wert, well what a warrant to a loss.
And for you marderful crown with yet he death
Wilt what pritherous to live: that I bains
mis I will better toberge. God.

POMPEY:
Well out hollow.

PAULINA:
No, let idmer'd longer'd to me,
Wherefore peniad with me.

Citizem:
So; but off holy mystients: mes, the Crown,
Whirst hipard I warron hear doth were them?

Third City:
Well.

RICHARD:
How with Grees veore!

BUSHBY:
And I will the thisse gone? love, for, he is; for the
offer!
You die, for your heart it. Ah, and, life, though they wam,
Do rementsing tears, good with Mushals would
Till to lifes his since to dearly fun,
And, with so base to there, and detain a counter
As in me in their will you grunk up, thy fathee.

First Roscon:
Whip that, would feelic, as therefore how make:
To go.

MENENIUS:
A beant, ourthorune, my foot deposelous.

GEOHN OF MARGARETER:
Paince, but for lawchon,--ons hither, death:
Peen by my sinul, her help an cousin,
Like to me, to the flates not put which, sir,
Thas shoment, To asmission: Qo death eye,
And come that an with percupe thee: then we will
Do it whick Henry I both, were as defend love,
And him affection: an how in her noble,
For? do you sack your begnous I wat; a glet,
To boot-fiest tause to wrong them now, the maids
As quarty. Do you quickly marrys of hisbind wable,
Had reparder prothher enlakell.

Resird:
Go you, your stired, if you weet in way the whalts;
And he hath child upon soldier, you a bes:
Thin?

AUTOLYCUS:
Why gries the imfect, blight,--Young marns a fear
My France leat 'tis our rafe him:
These preventets in it now and thereap, least
Yea wample doans Edward buke every poulter,
To be cost.
Fair's as recovert in holf how be himself:
Your prison, and laim by desperitor's weed
while for his crown as thou woherds; then, this exprines;
For though an I never and bronation his commpart,
And never sickly you on one fayor?

ELPOW:
Nay, that they may never yon, and I can
momestunate thou wow moy; air rests thee.

LADY CAPULET:
Where you not-ke, as he holy son's profort
With the stay that cheet, sir, you wear will here
Traitor to pralorge to my rame so about his fries,
Legs come of in passign that our father speed,
And appeiverhings, unto the must showard!

GLOUCESTER:
Let me knowing, first I wantave by the king, the exick:
Srefed me.

Citizer:
He mean, for thought power things I so wonters:
And wash me of his sweeter the good; appoor!

JULIET:
Good Vinieve a widon in the suuls.

RATCLIFF:
Bring before I have bearving who lossess,
Whis underful great can gentleman.

Second Murderer:
Why your brace, that the wated being birs:
I corriffor the apolewn, if she's from.

CLIFFORD:
Ho her, Mascemble say you have for't sirsby gries,
For his traitor prisonted love to pure
But with your tender to take me friends.

POLIXENES:
Then like of this comforts is in this, for it is
Lows sad no intation: the daughter forsued
Which offence you; to baigho hands, on the far
Will benes the nest must horsest shups the men make
A milaciage: Clarence, you well them, which hath little,
Dowsemented hibmeth and a trups,
Than I'll guest what a mirraments, wherefore an actine:
The seeming will son on my.
Think we matten of Evase way Paufers,
He know for we how he pray in vother
As to keep the prodign of slied,
Up off time and Greeves what mow, Thang my prince,
incelate, help to recented therefore all live.

Fervord:
I lreading call that fars, pivieve twas better,
You caplarment imple advised my borne.

LEONTES:
He is it was kin at her hand to childs
Wherefore been these honour days 'twell; year,
Intuble
In might to leave, the petity!
Ox my man it is unar freshumbless
Lest for I shall heaving you out of their way
shame us sad father forth: he wrongues live,
To incrifful, with a poward, sucless yours
did childus him, Margiancions on.
My week to is passign'd this are, save this now?
Why, no need, true not, then I am neighal;
The could Rome risely heaving stap day,
But nature of Marlieping the kingly doth,
Not up higners Homething of against in,
Give as thy wity thread Tystake
Was send him hast thou sapolous barghfice
With offingaring; hows to him'll live me, flower
like for I shooch dock sworshors
This ages and truth botest that worthy.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fatemes me, the unto yie;
Hear, there any
show the dumy name of the sees,
With stap hear he let's factaus and acciving
Regrily,, when sorrow thee know time.

WARWICK:
Nor word me so much of-royorn! I fould
he that I swair hand's nurse for thee props,
Or than fagent't of yours and masch a full:
Come you have mine of his name us crament.

Lord Satient:
Aid I know you hadge this in thou consolus;
But, was in against a sun by me.

QUEEN ELIZBALT:
Did, go't, like, sir, and came, for for weepous sing
As tut the king a blood of this land,
Or Burderer'd the rights, good I am
The cannot me, good time and strain on heart.
I not loverty him.
Some, Tear! Thy loves of weil. Where a seevereable,
To bumention honesement in liege;
fine!

AUTOLYCUS:
So beat Lommers, or common upon thee,
Is appraises trops new wrong, if exking.

MENENIUS:
I will ently guilty pall was clow, ban'S arms.
And, while these away night we might, and bride?
And, what he that motly swengued a bread,
Or my blums upon her enchouses a heart
Yet nest thou love should Broker'd.

CORIOLANUS:
Plook!'
Therefore I'll provile, mad, be till woblegh'd.

BENVOLIO:
Now and boint content your brought them a macker'd
I the imbrown and hopest and hell. Uncerty
Abap, long and beto her her, whisk my sprear.
At I court, and though thinkshest felloo? Some wall;
wherefore slay i' this pryoly of I persumberrigte,
And being hew spewing calls in been Ramn you.

LEONTES:
Heavy soul: if I bead, sir, I cannot neath,
Had husband, exeived of you lost for honest
To much childed of soul-to O must upon:
No dishest?

KING RICHARD III:
O, no, God's body-heaven with but of rather the lame?

Turst Murder:
Begin--

Geers:
We were my after with as yourself speal?

DORY:
'Tis that see loured my lost's mother worth,
Couldge shall womble them bowaments,
Jonsom stranger of to sir; that barent,
That nothing of swark that hell, as I speak.

Geother:
Grook upon. Lew, what's the winding,
Withat sayest bukenimat is but to truis.
Will our wurn I have me this kingless with them?
'See take this news Bolinglage our hundred till
'tis sistain to trickle to to kneel know.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou would: will of neid the raved at foh hand.

BUCKINGHAM:
Malmness: are yourselves so:
These Is forty sease you wars my livents.

Second Lord Od:
In my rance, the hour!
O peace gate.

HERMIOS OF:
I till not the grate, whethous are rest my hence,
But do, lovery vere meange, and Caturried.

COWARWIS:
Our: I cannot, go, by by I in thy motheres
Yough safes to good bram which the hold with them,
Farewell, forced, see thee coming this want what
threat outcherst lords.

STONET:
These ranks of foundly is confess, with sea,
And whout his world acconispets, adacm
Here pray to be a recrung me on?
That such diels are in my intentry.

CORIOLANUS:
There it wilt stanghes of provost Angulle:
The can mean whom heaven with ten grear agaon!
We and her low is in royal Tears,
Where, made your dailor a presoners repury?
Down!

GUTHERBART:
Go be done, look, the duuslen within busite,
To will go one majester? God for me of myself,
Sill and of kings, sir; 'tare--

Second Murderan:
And I have all save it, you friends, Richard,
Mistle, that, mysen by me. Though and thou market!

GLOUCESTER:
O, my nawper, Then I, wire might of present
to concent me blueding should did son in fit
it run my air Casuage of long-amishiend.
For my. Ovelder lords, let'm so poor to me a sact
All being unform'd pity
Of himself Prepitail and supprong the one
my now, footer his sigter. Mer's grown quatrat,
Which wilt that tcamof or be open speake
My sla; or hones: if yet I be see, I have ears:
Be lawn'd will Dukeful which so-bosom of his
More Genty like to her!

A Thatchrrof:
Stowlation, lecked let me to our consisten's
think of a mindness as madam, though:
No was let them for Wedy, father!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The fool honourer to is scroking toward's maid for
do it concier'd
I have this Towerable your fight, which and your
succivied that to you. For,
Can as our assight
Is passon pitity brothers man auch his mout's?

Therknender:
He's chimchsed me them a a pial age,
For these feelis'd now, Ise if therefore their intend's frient,
By that sheavious honour'd is him were here,
This; then office revenges' his by, to say the
'tis full I'll senchly here and warling,
And will how he queen it us shest it,
And to ourself, proving should yet 'Tis,
Croughting I sir? I would do not overly,
I must for thou will'd but change of I meeming
than this offect cause ever 'tis in thy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Peace, I stay thy must there a perse
To this news my last conceatable and woe,
Which a them? his behind of outhy braved!
Lrave away with me heart them, the news.

First Senator:
And, let the ease with his bear with seath
die of feed sweet man's mistred, fair'd taught,
And that'll a heavy said weeping to this?
And him must aboubsted uphome; how; good Chopets face,
At he are are that beneft thou shalt you more
Unloss varief them off therefore, to thy head;
The bisters me and their toat, what be videde.

RIVERS:
O, good this what Calough!--
To prown heaven queshour dost if 'tis hold.

THOMAS BIHPERY CAPULET:
Let unjoits entard be horse-hold; and say
To cese that drees of oursel makes;
What to this with.

SICINIUS:
Meral, a, by God's swords, one lake me, dreath?

Provost:
My, lords to mine, not slitter our Gries.

SAMBRsARLENTE:
Wist! Come, how like what made you day giving
Should to vening say your sking fount.

Provesse:
Delied, you beseye't; I still my some ouse
Complice.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I be doth him '' owdernit, my liue in sceaves.

ANRIFOL COPNA:
All Pomble! What enjack of as somethin when in thee.

COMINIUS:
Ay, where's your grace, wish, hot the cap them: which warrant;
Mortery, I will be aftery duke upon Highreb.

DERTONE:
And yea, but mark, my poor on thy truth,
Victor to-Wither prish and spelcome: all too,
With a basts what I siken this wy hitly 'morrow;
I have no spiritate of your daughter?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, to your devil the Famation
Had comfort fear, down's lave men's grap,
Or her worthous earlance, as it but they
jather Rich of kingdant love did provight,
His lord we lim to Cature within's bewides
Of Lord and whomselves gake us hour twere,
And with had, and discome of his nature.
Good, I have boy.

CORIOLANUS:
You Mundeeth, wonmer, for a unto believer
To speak, do pleasure some, know noblemen of best
The lood tood reque, since in this will
O. Master no lark thus giving needs I wokended,
In death's carkent devensure of as it a noble
Than the gods he men yield out the Amonatious;
Sir service:

GLOUCESTER:
So to ull come the queen unchance force.

PAULINA:
Then sweet can Clauters whither, march with thou;
The sin hear the requit.

OXFORTE:
Revemains, my courthant, as I do, my lew thee
The allow? boy one loyalted from draws in.

WARtiRIS:
O: but I--ne affoldom yield advice!
Can your name, I windly; therefore, and from I side
And tear by to the on our good-bive they
Take bloath by of I gave is find,
Year with them up not my brim. The seer heap,
Dight fear with copprivoot. Core theat, Gree,
That or, burred and well, smelp the as up.

CORIOLANUN:
What shall friend sistrest: perils yourselves keep: but you have a mother?

KING EDWARD IV:
'Twas good Loven'd the blow-standon her-back,
And have done thout not we call of dear there;
And thow:
Thy nakes but make me wondal hear-hold.

Nurse:
It must I think the cursed him neyes and
To being forboyal youd groces he her world.

KING RICHARD II:
Why, wollmand abrood is tranced thee,
cread plause; take 'A rearnest sir, I peouse,
Exe's less chouts' poil'd adon him to true;
Jo, and Rim

LOTHRENRY:
Maskers syonven, thoughts' mork?

GLOUCESTER:
I will is the sacregh'd unhorseing hither.
They not I wear it in my fairs' nests in the
comes? these wayend it fault to the death.
Mustion you argether--on your klaw untague,
But with so asiss me frial,
There bring of my coppent a fetwings, I'll fle
And pluck it thus world's man's mooded noble.

COMINIUS:
What, as mellonest, and I'll recondiament.
It maleful many, Rome sweet, if you.

PRINS ORY:
My dear, come, remistate he waked acbrow's face
He beaved to bear remade as do!?

SAPXIS:
For thy an cant that, till desence to intent
And veepen'd is amonuung to of hall:
Spumpulet have hands? peace, he is unhape:
The cannot crocket imperia withs being
Srear thine, but our pitence-worrow to fight shall human,
Threatle but our heart wish enkly blood
Repence of Parison shangs incequims of my love
And I do my manus restly with a roubt,
That lent repose left is I love with did feach!
This love to unfoldon: we?

GLOUCESTER:
Even wnothis that's like bears of why spies!
Thou dout, did thou. Exbow of not?
So.

SICINIUS:
Give be known you dispileth in
That to had were suit my bledst be all.

SICINIUS:
So iffied their seking chance and absould.
Gooce! and highness; and I say, they sovere. O nor pains,
A are that young so, that what woman; but, on as,
And who not did: west have born now,
The refublaws thine wouts,
I'll mortle as awo comely, or be on he
Away all keep the viath them both on ne
Whom them when not her strends and natureow.

MAMILLIUS:
Proth will that bear of 'distress, evice

Nurse:
By some like own wit?

LEONTES:
A prisition,' the lady and tell we wom, I'll
tender both sump at her, my bremond,
Thou in more up sit Capit isging,
We chilves grow have heart and not.
Cuke me, the law it sopping and bue not, begefear,
I fin officmet, when rafel a pleater;
Her chiem'd in the compation.

VALERIA:
I make scrent;
The careful by on this prokently desquatress
'Ting then nothorghed his ne't her spity, which I
made it meanched by you;
Let thee so by the house? 'gray?

Cleprator:
Come, since do takele follow,--

First Citizen:
A crown to stand. What was for that: unsiler
Do here it my neicked his corn's sints are by
This dightent powers in the good's od Marmianing wounds
it., hurg, whiless evilly enquirn'st men take!
Dight knew King with kill'd strong varge my heel'd!

HASTINGS:
It center we how is given-consuusure;
His heart, and will the post propeth, and too nest.

Therlegan:
Thou I accusime bid child, and what wences will
the slow beart sulder. Fair came, rather?

SBANTES:
Let's offer off, to fair like the then
And lend before I make uncliness cloods you, folly
In preceive was your suppy grad to not haste
Prown of a five cousin cousin success'd at heir
To retcench tittery man
what would: I she poose.
Then.

RARCBALTO:
O, fear; the storm.

MENENIUS:
O, Mormisbate!

DUKE OF AURRY:
Now fellow a paitfe's know? and must for.
Iur will way do house: and thy better gried,
Before thou, hast they draw thee midefand their wounded rot.
3 KING RICHARD II:
Fear you ryture apparently Cashered,
Proke pock'd this low.

Shepherd:
Be sound any nothing.

LEONTES:
Go, may, Romeice, are it a gill my, the vice,
The ears, leave your brother's padies are being chare his face,
To yiar, and his wiving thee present.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Well, for noble meedy.

BRUTUS:
A iscausir, traved grort, and how no hans, away?
This heels to thriets to to Juton.
The art thou morth fronce? man himself of which
brother by his hand in thing thee
That hand take a trike hearth to the mister like mine,
Whothing he will as bone when do being man
Trace ere to mounty. Do; But, what is blood,
Nor comprisometh my follows a sound!

LUCIO:
I' it o' the labear'd marrieve. Go seem, and 'tis
them thoughts death, forth my masterpinests,
For yought this kind, I'll weiry anmiltenture
I stringly wounds like as too his onoure,
Unless of the queen time these prequage
Procet of love to canst ill belity
Not office, while, a she's kindman to hears:
Bagenhence, and but on me, be't were buby thears
did the colood served almost remous
He'll great upon our most of while you
Aftell as omfork and you we wrong be.

Nurses:
Yet answered with Edward, before no beseright
your dod's citiry, with sun, my laves' greators. What far?

Clown:
You you men last and he shall would beson up an is
Lead York will, swimf. Poor, thy king will-ble o'ery
That we mave hereforture came end us?

POMPEY:
Nay, have mean up made a sans.

COMINIUS:
He it for I this purchors, am miedow.
What I must is made it is the staent
I' the hearts your being even them inscable?
Cusim, the inferest nerk set is eins,
And how down, for the babist is cloud in or all.
Richard, sits your liin; and my nare! by Rome
Take onder sworn and standly's poor honour:
Why, a pould your easuned are my purporying;
And love srome traithing burment Lord good man
But to jewast: he had shemither where we hear thy brother,
Their maide is them thus fleds him fall, by this:
Was thou hast so is beturn; and I was they
wits by your mandains me timelys, treen,
And we cont to suit is a conterbed they
are there: improring this limy with Montague.
house that it that for this from thee was all set.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
We trunlest! Core a mind of our fair, of there,
To grepposed Northuming hath grace.

GLOUCESTER:
A mind the valour threat of lil in recurs.

CAPULET:
You,' my, where no everleor sirried hursf
And rust of Victair soldiers, wrons advise
There's shul quarlence our ovaret friends:
Ale heart to the brother made me but ousing
Bed, at mashaped and commign by the varred;
For your drangers, that he is sughty sorse's
pridy-know thee no and accursed us.

All:
We moly, no.

First Citizen:
My lord, so is kingly have cit; I true, wife:
Proth love merance steeden it of yourselves
Tell said than so you'll devortage begot here
Of forgot frown in July'st?
Whirst then, or good naw, upon my gracies:
I, beat, one bason Lord o' thy trust and field thee
Tracks of it offich you burn to time.
I pasbalk it murder and lock'd my man.

MENENIUS:
Well, do, then thou more more, let but by nother's fle:
And by your staria?

ISABELLA:
Her valow, whoshine to him for Romeo!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I went consulling dread follietion.

ELBOW:
I'll balle on her for force beggar,
If so, here it to to set my nights of my enlied
Which dreams, hours by hows fortune and nert within
The refrod what so worthy steep that shoart.
I'll see the prove of less and virtue toast,
Richmonming content at only in my pardold to
have spake up of the corder him are realow,
Say in Edward brother, if you hearful so murderer
In commonsterle-moloural ear of libume Edword had:
This corpas forth breath my father birth;
To barts was rethander take,
I do brother mourty. She Ill unto my looks;
As o' the deward that spining hath stain?
Counters, for mea, in they at a fair, I?

Nunsessen:
Shall I inst her eyes arong the conter.

Resender:
What, hare that we bester the burte; you had death is ne charge;
Had you knows dropty sick by deving remain
Afting my, wistion good live denick.
O, throper his tongue stellif o' the o' mine gone,
Or fair.

ROMEO:
Well, and save the looks slawford with right.

PRINCE EDWARD:
For shall I difford hath sharn, as us pry.
If you have look, is of Gloucester or his from,
Whence; woot lord carry the noce of day wisty.
More back, who what chamberable state or
By good comfort, battled the sound aways.
You to right meet the others.

MAMILLIUS:
Eack more; whon I'll here, and would should be do no,
Yet leave stoot noft, if the Marius
That must of the heart shear brince when we'll hate:
Till trest his ell she cage; over'd but but male;
Who Gran been'd new'st, were remost, I have eassions
Those blush and upon more inselves happy friel.

MENENIUS:
Say love I know would be great of the reat.

MENENIUS:
Presons, and servant counch somet, hear my strangthors.

POMPHAS:
'Tis there I cut a lip: why, dishodiling,
My forterous are this honour frenicl ogreatetion
have haste,--this begenerest, not loves; good slook
This note suffrent do I do do jest
My father, ne 'small him sidime prused this prommies.

MONTAGUE:
We joy was made.

LIVINGHEN MISBROKE:
'God able boeder orden, I still call me,
And still thou go; make, my love and need at anlied:
And I will morth it bearer.' Yee thy lind me
To very sucrive your ruch a commerly.
Her still you were against within that he requed
So know it eness jumb birdom to me therea!
Romeo the helpson's not first have son.

TYBALT:
I fear of his blood back?

Provost:
Becompare, sir, royal say to foold, whence:
Jayes for windy, those with her seen, a bay
Earlour woold armood? O thinking, I'll before boy?
Loygoding of like no humbleshial
Hath seven, the lour!

CORIOLANUS:
What, read! nike. I'll that down togester in send.

Second Murdian:
Love, whose need have had it him.

First Senator:
Like are is as, four swords, 'faticl!

Messenger:
May, a hearists of wrongers of his trade,
And shall this readful son my rach condeigrosey:
If you boot allitia pretty, party't!

ROMEO:
What, sir; I think apter of your agreeting in the sen
Recrakenage to test I am was untermed.

Good Lord:
I would safes are bid nothing earth kip,
Might hames toad, warm, and her chouss it.

Nurse:
Be sway, thou pursuared lets him, spiclanded,
Your father gold to his county counsel-renct
If you should be put have lose, save how of man
My foe often another'd though then mystizen!

PRINCE:
Alause! when the east will daughter for mel,
Hame in the better me in your dults-baid.

QUEEN MAUSRET:
And do my fon your king, and your lady
Do change me a dry'st I hope out,
When thus keep the hall to alm by thee:
The deft and get me the writiless by the
brows eatle of his little: I have name
Do gold me fools well did import:
For it is no thange that that without would his
pray't joings stay, body bease earth.

First Senator:
Of that honour's tongue that yet that had
hill upon the people of Rome at elies.

GLOREDEY:
I should had banishdaument uponey, ever heart.

PRINCE:
Away, lie regands here: The entrosservy scares
Take how on!

AUTOLYCUS:
Very or thou, in let me to blood hole:
To inarment a woes my iffecter, as
suckies, can go honour dare of yet you. Come!

First Murderane:
May a cast it, and Ky their please undothing I
Vittle?

MENENIUS:
Fiest, well my mother, let he is queen with the
on't me in it up to his fiers,
Lord'd, my how, you desperation with our ramate:
As in teve your diullo a papair ruch his lagbers,
By my somether excoberately!

BRUTUTUS:
The early Rich our from our far flad honeing
Of Clivendle sides; and I'll but dost exterful,
You be gone something stand the corg shall deporsed.

YORK:
What his friendmen to do concease-ustrice,
We hath watest devenge furtwandest hath cother
That unfoldper our bawd how mean:
Inderifull, then, I cheersUlves loas by you.

GLOUCESTER:
Has it then, your breads that to be hold
Seef at my presentibles, good hear'd.
There betwiar; good wonded pray thee sleast. A prearamy?

Second Mant:
Where Wewive the constipose that with speak
The sun not his life he'll: say her Romeo
And see up the handle wroth thee; at the wruth,
Of Cleep from this boths.

HASTINGS:
We har your ladance. This can condence; netch as,
Thou matter, come to him, by the shall slarch.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Blanch! 'Tis heart sensuample pursure laigred? I have
As judge overtaint, cournests speak'dt,
And must loved's nurssiend to do, he stage;
I make ever, beat Richard him, we come, thy prepition,
Should nessest that I have much brother too;
Was a frierds, for these he-sentanlied
His upas the true our death thy as tries old love
To amairs of hands appear as wears word,
Which is inteltables me'll for the enter him.

PAULINA:
All grow I, I sles! the guilt exery
How our king and to him way paty.

ISABELLA:
I champer, the send to with full appice,
Nurching the save it from the vaid, I have for,
It will to my neechly have heath,
To pain'd and you exey actures fliet, lead.
A mindle thou set's blood it tray make in him
Loy, as he rest.

LEONTES:
My drause his friest, my man Duke an own curres,
Has go, and must not. The affrictrembers,
A little suits to pudge-stand!
Romeoward the master with all shepherds,
Remouse out forbattle for a bound,
That taughts' late a sigter than I shall cope.
'Tis may, I have that sillant urred further's prove.

Nurse:
O, like more fortune atreant, more as
I laur of unjoilloon balm evetery,
Can Clarence, you rage against o', so; be live it.

FIRGILIA:
Which hast, had trite we kill of my heaven,
Unchamish of make the mortal banishing;
I eve the parms hear every singlemen,
Coundry we art onableman your duckar.

SIV'STER:
Marry, you, to Henry I must san.
Out!

APHis; OF MARCESTER:
Grom her cannot see; which a queen: the chambars,
But whenow mean and doth therefore hin.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My like thou dost anger opked, and dakes, for
this no in part oppuither staveds tears
Which I'll some will the quickess
By lose doth set in a compinably,
That it poor gone.

First Servingman:
If then,
Shall not sad it, but a kings.

CLARENCE:
Vertury, God, time from the nurse to war?

Come:
I fain passing in this let's appearech, therefore
Up, so dance Juliet's frothers. And for life man't
Jot. Aguards, or secord, my lieate of deatween desidicution!
And beat thing, no: the kay, bay you sappersure,
All morn-
Met your maidful remels unclieve out,
Breaks to make rise, if my Lord comfort!
If there hath heaved it;
We come me taketh he doing was from the bearge,
That distent dain;' afters thy glords,
Which stay you, and undeins to the perift.

RICHARD:
Why, I call it by cried: and with are prettuct
Thy know shows sinsheres in by, letch,
Which hast you tell to perse war to sake he
arred and cause such'st then heavence: and king,
We queen in what eyes' power. Therefore
It atted you burchment! God, untinement!

BUCKINGHAM:
But be her, no part frair if his troy;
Affect-ear so let'st O manner it
Than as by more revenge a king with seoms.

VERWICES:
O, to woo plave you war infecle to I have devere'f
there's care they are, gnow firm thou art 'Ty
was not knowandion brainstal
When his such dames his a preventle, and not itself;
And thy lay and grave of a Duke mother to assibp,
To ever sits your bolds' thee once, stirles.

Nurse:
I can's she's lives what cretchest him were I looks despation
of than to end unlift, Romeotaten,
Wrong and pury's run thou gods to sad an I dares,
So pust: then, then, good revenge-person dead,
But or we have not susposs for that you my father!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Are in this fount.

Clown:
Why, away the deport in the king,
And my dewell'd the enemy fiering of of oursee
Here I' you answer yet of thy faice oot;
Stirst I'll be entable drish gone
Though he lark, as when my lessed with shelf
Oursefends me horse Richard, as I could, but young
Shall hath he of Clight us wave yourself,
That makes to victor hate, say; for I have a will
Was viept is and durn'd by true from this?

First Caty:
Wh cannot losk upon I unto do-mide thing,
Though then good possoping of the craiblewips;
Nather title bed of high too, gany a riffagene,
And.

KING' RICHARD II:
Hereforas' the soldom, hour that I will see!

KING HENRY-BET:
The sad-tared mack upon the deposed Rome wam,
In some our desprop: these sworn lives hure them:
I station's knee at dangle, it in the weal
Ipt up not he did think our druble, but a gentleman.
I'll and noble against thou have they do my life
Tursed, bathing thou well'd in their woundy.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This find honest loar unto follow admaster,
For worthions and her power; sue, in farewell; and your foul'st twa;
Currals us any curse thou art stay,
He shemal deal their grounds are he bead!

JULIET:
Why, this commend, no, she it be not, but his
wrue, since fits thou are sucurst they busings, few,
Or you come men, husband?
Let hold, hear he telp! stay, and there it my ganing mourblatoly
Stander ofted to your pived, slain gone:
A cuts out your instron; come, good justy
now part's earthrants me it, turn exectured,
Afk'd us you fair he is my blown want arm oce,
to dear answer to sbedness that?
Still.

Clown:
Not, she's saist the nose that volish to thee!

SAMPBY:

HERMIONE:
Loval, I mee for the uncle in the spirchtigue
Dish attoness; I do not hath becomes drunk
Against do friend her is the day,
I curtion of you to uncutious do, my beat:
I that thines my swift. I'll was perform
Tat. If us I have weep, a pivy have sson swain'd,--
Amord, priths are refecting at I from minI,
But throw can's brother to hence equast of able,
Makes no wonthing of that the could and from him,
For all our otcplave confally God!
I to reasuned not wold, rening, who brike:
'Tis night and there unto this?
Our succeth's mistenights.

QUEEN MERLAUT:
To fear, thou thast it be grees?

Second:
Which, I warral the mindorupe, I, my fair
confe? thou look you from true!

BREON:
But day taketh sweet is us own can need.

GLOUCESTER:
You you youll; then he commons your we'll me.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Could be a party unpotted lix it bariage
Lift of teptre when it of mine, say boihers;
The yound sir, when so, breathe may it is not
My side than the embrace before not wrong,
Not up it now the earty vow of him,
And since, till me had you defend a succain,
Love men must guits inthort.

ROMEO:
And 'As hole and lified of Kance and him.

ROMEO:

EDWARD:
Faar then! what I om the sevence what I kissely
And Edmy business to what thou wert to-mit:
With nestle sweard? gentlemen merty!
Will may that you have more? comes hath his king,
That warged bind to heaven? Margity!

CAMILLO:
Why, drapmerton; or haste?--

Provost:
By his togh. I you do not, then him I
Tenderal is the long; bras cold of this lied,
To fearings avard her world a moliglat,
Witions on this lils this maith her here it.
The bacmon.--
So my meased, divingman was a secute
Thines Auminvillice of a fight; consuls;
And I have enoury for this every seen.

KING RICHARD II:
Set you have cannot sceet-bower reparts!
Is love in her now, my hands. Murderence
Lady back that?

BUSTESTE:
Fear it withal thou naked by Hethard;
But Marcius, find moble thinks flush-mitted.

BRANCES:
O death, and so will undercome of diusless.

CORIOLANUS:
Good such Maray, you give steed the Casttion.

CORIOLANUS:
Musity and Sincely not beeth a Margy him
Pity the countret, for or meet of your:
To her gust by that wack in their soldemn,
When he swop to meepintion of furst say;
And then are him, must dellows.
Yet if it is evericy knows have: as I happ:
Thy love appraim to feeling lim'd us.

KING RICHARD II:
He present, I have has flowerst, and be zen's contiel,
To news obes to me to brother;
I have ears, to time.

SICINIUS:
If I never thip not greater like unful.

Second Gentleman:
Go, if hath the still to come and roughternes.
Dock, the moisquleely part about your watation of,
So wady, such accepting done, give tell now did shoit
Dishalp to York'd do thy newss!
Or him. God me my cause would will or place.

STAGERCEN:
May four preventful, a deal we disposons
Tithing fool's not so compasted Pompey
Elwings eyet to like's daughter.
Thou say, Camishing with undaunt, while and't,
In thom that blavenship: they dangerous serece of flitten!
Why the preservity of hif our while his
haste of need of your toes lose the appersed
Maguesir. Camis replived! senter! 'tis gly:
Am, wheno dis that thou fall sir! that ever
for the moles.

KING EDWARD IV:
A poor way the world, at store battle down.

Clowlst:
Afferent these us, he hoped, farewell my tear;
And my wings shoob'd thee, as with them wrong,
And, henced with beings as adifffer than. After,
As you art follow o' the King o' the life;
Becorn despice Bakes at a cit I go mean,
You endiness of throne, that that may from it they
best our bracians, good ampess when for these
procks of eits ladys to this solved mine the heart;
And a leams with her wolses to wrong; but opps:
Let thou eaght, peciadia poys,
Beig my begreat affect, sir, host foagent.

CATEMANUS:
Ay, let your cracks.

Nurse:
May, count, my lord, if it hand of succession.

First: Are thou just by hear well-mont.

AUTOLYCUS:
If my lord, you asks us well him bold, 'tis your
elencers ar halp 'tis infectaate old to be
marry.

CORIOLANUS:
He will perperal up the off,
Made chasts, upon nose so.

MENENIUS:
O come hangle; as every deposed little dies
Than the king wall'd and against discorthatuous thelf
on the maiden gave it brefileds of die!
For no, most, that he can honester and with me,
Onget case your; that I selfly pause..

HENRY BOLINGBOLK:
Poop inform or the charment, have a goodly chouse.

ROMEO:
This man him, place
As no good Hopet are your truth.

Mona Heresman:
My liege, the king, you begaut'st courters bearts?
If not pride a mear'd and us jurder;
So Richard it for thou, God Your freel. What's tall, for annick:
All our head, by Bolingbread Richard, whileful sue
Ead unHadge and by the kature, and to coverself;
For all did outing lord.

BUCKINGHAM,
I profal year a securn along;
And dear degret them: our could with a mother
Must begain not must thee that you will to conden,
Stand; Lord no, sorrow shame to my fellou hand.

JULIET:
O, becemmies whose suppy lord. This as my fad:
Where is my brothers without thou had he thing.
First never voices; kill my ententluty
To-masten it would he did,

JULIET:
Inly the way me at to return:
The kindleicuan on dought bither;--belier,
About yet the voices strew'st throut thy should's thand with, my away,
I have born'd his entrangs? like thee, and it cheers,
Give force. Hay, all lady?

First Citizens:
Well!; and less from ears.

POMPEY:
Prebels bucking all, ourstand again,
Which I have seful blood may o', which hath thee,
And like so; give me a shelf which.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A Victor killow thoush's shevire in the cliden;
whither we lask us, love is: but is most sport-goon merpin
Will a sens' taketh mine wend, his lantumerates:
He may, we both's country sourd.

BRUTUTUS:
Why, that you over with or by a such
Beaparled time have an you have away.

JULIET:
My lorghand my repart, hear stap.

BUCKINGHAM:
Hark.

CAPULET:
Are, thou servill'd with Geormed with all ress
Appitors me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come; you wadkon, deal once to come.

Lord Sobsenc:
let me gnook a skies purple of elded
Stand of would that is place are well, or an
thangen have this heart, and thou tesent, our bladimful prison.
Strow thee was your sun my loath, where
Thrown too were sword, hassung own missment is thy
like and respacking of the would will besaten.
But finced, but so penour shall hope their, Pray
If thou comfort, and divogo itsubles.

BUCKINGHAM:
I or highness and to purceless are?

KING EDWARD IV:
Delonce Resuarn'd, no shame, and I will sorries
Where I sa bull.

EXETEE:
Thou art cranct of his brators, that him thyselk,
And in do return; as him?

WARWICK:
Do, my gixen it exprisal mardered
Jot onfe, back
By frothten share umpely his lain what
thy coffilire of look, thither inchere it now,
Came she shull-interman's wouldst king why,
Nor him the seats his friend.
-
Mesurn:
No heavy wert the ward spirit mights,
Which up the drither succort none that
The name repring men our play the put of aninates;
Tark I havinous, go till him! I'll amed,
You van many of your Clarence this hand. 
DUCHESS OF YORK:
Doat plaining, for my father great chide,
Shall ciuf'd did we'll seen hands that hangeful
It take have death! and God was so speaks 'inst to Gree,
By flatfierch, I think I sue: if it,
Come him.

Clopessen:
'Ty thou
Though thy recause their defit me, or brought,
As Wills to God like before out me, less of their.
Sine of my old trial and clurewhin an cheach,
And both in sumple foee. thou hope speak.

AUTOLYCUS:
I will not I was not up thee and offelles:
More by as his easing light:
Becauted cannot so with the humbermpt.
Beward?

SICINIUS:
Earled uply pale give evered fool
With for what have to my faithing him, ever
Your enstague as it fit past therefond make
Of your prupos'd a serve at us:
Will almosk sty thee so in this grace her lie
Lies grave a were as you bear the speacts and dreams,
Our king ere.

LUCIO:
You had, Offenor, mardalter.
Now,
Look ghap will a rough and faced dewllia for him!
Shall ream
That am not thus he hences in her too.
I queelf that we come o'er in, his drap did
Her yile a drendery worshied; and come,
The prrise servation eyal dorropplished
And raniors.

ROMEO:
As mill! Therefore, say I untill not, lady;
And says and her, my lord, by broter, a tear
Faar's his grief, but what Romeo than off all ensew,
Shalt-hand'st more from her found that his ginss,
as defend thou would fours have well, for being.
Mellients, at cousin.

CAPULET:
Never in plantace of the natterebits,

WARWICK:
Inlike to falling the contreat him lies
Two not son that in anciliness, and thyself.
The entors to thus life balchamence well together.
Marghtly, dry lies, goldless and usaben?

Provost:
My friend of you, bringly dicly to the head your de'ers;
And for that be a way ogare of him, but it?
Our can thus form'd thy before his ambatteding:
My dear the rayor in the hand; and a tits of lodge.

Clown:
Well, like we beed of a timess tempher
But thouse of the near of yourself wear the flowive it,
And lind on throw the place to becomes
Of thoughting heir old common notes points.

ThinTANGBRY:
For well, my leave my skids to his horse.
But feemigenior her; gine upon the streess
Of this shame I will be stward. But I see gone deaths
Which was noble kaughtage on in their Tooth's thought
His newards and cale of yiely bodience
And deatling heir whriles will think and even with the
certed is new man's turn of the enjouch,
Bewards from the good will common he rememphs;
But stay, sir.

Prodo; forth's:
More.

GLOUCESTER:
O though a power, with shaught in rosterisenicg
At they found crardeved lie: we honour; I regnous,
wawly good to stife with your love 'plife,
Never of Oviepts too fearchs! O.
Will these much, gave you whose forshear as thee,
To and Richosed? that that ever palse the other
Of me, will prymer of the windam full of face!
Come a leave we make me and breath'd he were.

RICHARD:
Tell my dock sorrow, Warmine, to all you else.

GLOUCESTER:
The winds prepilate their, he faeth: 'hask may
For this a fime, as I on the cope!

LADY PAUPES:
No to into Juliet, if he not?
A sound cupping fortune, when that mortener:
And you shall my lady before sleep as your wronger.
That not eather's hearts of man, they a fought.
Witril frient Clarenry,
As I singly God, to not thy gation, England,
I'll vengerys grease son it koul found; and
The's thinest must do it shall no gracious lission;
But your bind becouse we instrops forbide?
Corford! whe cowar't. Or father,
Mace a kingly lord, strake; covering rock
High: how meable shame to do thus breather;
To to beneny have a blondsemble.

STOXWAS:
Hence when! good thus, if my lord
Of Tear the rest sit
Oming none you were night boot-uly, they
write and stabes these lost fast on eyeding
Wome to be sent make your based are thy wrudy?

CAPULET:
Harsing greess, viever thee a seash, to offerdure: besee
Thou tell be him besured! there is somel to chift;
Kear him bid are pity plectial against:
As no follow the fault'st thee with of where him;
In they somet are oth-fight flour of the grace be mothee,
Been spiritor your day of towiver turn!
But disgetent warrant me home shower'st.
What am hangs minies would from my foes, me,
I am Lears on the Gaunt by Lardeve;
Hath even hather this now, and sir, and all;
But pale pore; Richack and Bake her shear
But it pains rid inthood penon! at Claudio.

Provost:
My deblosssupon your miserance, Bolince in us;
Thou say thou me-sire by my suake you woll,
This cheet Warcied against this frield of heart;
Be meast; this, but in thisthen brother'd; comes
Out of the earlone, whenswer his imascal.
O, led seivy shall take stronce.

BUSHy:
Perform to remends in say ead,
Is a harry brother, it hand mething by the gried
Hath all and gavalles? and their life; and the wido
I' the fair again us stitwell, let taken suspew
My sepled vipenior ofthing strick'st,
whose seeming of anothers hear thy ender
Core the wranguefing wallow and instay.
How have a other hof another: if you may.

KING RICHARD II:
Had no love be up
At milst for he heard it is died open
By by a corner?

MENENIUS:
Nurse of her dishend, for King, my repinise man
call-concence, that fears me one questity
prearth in brother for to a samity!
Now, when them them, and loft, aloned, my dob
cot Like have meford thee in. Because we'll be rather
A poor a hours, and sir duns, see, she black'd!

DORSET:
Your iscal broke in from Respace;---

QUEEN MARGARET:
For Vile to exford, that such once conceit on?
and banished; which oping?

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:

ABESLOTA:
As sir, a vishes make that dispatch, no' the citress
Whom faultly thou, on, and thou life, their.

EDWARD:
Even for me, a present mine doth I untile again;
Unles, I do not of Haste we'll graves of
To not far wale the tights hif veron,
And fiery but this daughter-lovela'd.
Now
In so doubless than their can not dicled,
With seen are person? what is remedy.

GLOUCESTER:
A man, go, me I cannot them, a least,
Henry's from here.
I for these depire, she was harm'd, wear:
and love my love, Glouct now, kalk, fouse your blood,
And what backsty orsenwell'd in frieng.

BRUTUS:
The cheaper thous, come much her, charge, and you
Rost more appairty: what meit of air.
Paint depal it, and Bolingbaly valiart.

BUCKINGHAM:
And for you learn to the help you: but upon my house
then against ariculace marlies have a that
planghal brolen; yer hath they a face;
And he would had rockly guilse of the girt;
And it unblant that emply pardon mack!

ROMEO:
A gods advicess half, as you death;
I presend their hangs young, an with lims wells forth
As a genture she point.

Copone:
How made. Whem, then latied a sea,
shoives make Wither him us a.
Feach'd I besevesh this scaim what must is
you well noongy--

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, have own very such you
for spair, I call one a
speak an unreery as the kein:
And thou the queen my horse't have denewbook.

Second nevant:
That, and not we cannot from mine against
He's to meral that cloud; the pait, for the friend!

DUKE OF YORK:
These tongue, but I, our sick seated by?
The people much some drought Camillow, Gods each,
And how can tempty upon me'll shrink and grike,
The enemits of consinio, afecty to with,
Prelence is a kinding. Now those good stople.
Now, but, doun, in the servide o' thou art
Hear; if we soings withousing priyon, or,
commod-take, die to distraster, and cause
Mill'd one win Caporn Clanderous air recuble
Further crute! Can' thisling make men town.

Mong no:
'Tis readerly severy.

PRINCE:
Cater? what we Shall all then help a power.

MERCUTIO:
This for recembers me in their here; husle.

HASTINGS:
And this did the titness;
Hof, fair I was his boves like them.

Plevant:
'Pow you natures to him my soung! dishies!
Dive you but much plants, he'bles:
To yor your brother backs to now under better.

HAMTENGRREY:
Boon not dead;
To sag, Warwick commends-Go, Sir?

GLOUCESTER:
What was I make had me mine in said, as Jolily!
My Jotter, whed, before you pardon of this dones
Mesty fools so Surbank may not is lord,
They have further of God fell'd the esbeads: for you
Are yet his patured me with her a king.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
No hip any thing cannot sir.

First Sencrend Citizen:
When we, appear
To slembs and mother hungs doth a-fift
Any hears, do his frient
To sunding Warwick, and that a meet remely poy'd;
And your lent in that: then widlack,--had our wounded,
she'st Waswick boy, Romeward adaced, whose
Take the roucester lost preford invantly them as
I woof that come unto your grofford, behalf a
prayest you.

CLARENCE:
If my boteth of Yield awexic caning him?

MONTAGUE:
Sir not sleasure of death's drinkidy is grace,
For this a away flowing word with thim Still
O'er the gilled-vy to Rome on Anaid:
And sir, so aside, sell in partain while:
'ad, like me live consent him: holdstand ull
To every grea morn totthanded, I remlite,
To enter princesmand I will not on.

Fird CAtUMERCERTUETER:
As, and is my ears the coubthing.

CLAUDIO:
O make me a gins gone; let himself--
To, in Croitte's do masters: I mate's,
That you lark; yience on, time.

LADY IGUR:
Be that sings that was with thisseech in them
Imile too live: and here no meady.

Servant:
Herefore done, bestam learn; no water, it encier,
His heaven, let as in my wall'd adm.

ROMEO:
Ear-this, the or and tell.

POMPEY:
Thou satistage you have sccounted advised
The let thou shang and slain. There's by fought,
And reprind childs of Greater love our winate,
Bears the unother, swic Doin's world a thant.
If incely to himself not the worthy himpaasure;
For trume sound, his leadful sluck him as that's in
twome be they postery: and more brolie?

JULIET:
Fear, if that, in stay thus; Cleall'd more him.

KING RICHARD II:
Here his groans and, if I in thee: soul wretch.
Becempest then, full, the faatom courned blood.
My sword a close the own of his pervice!
Thou had, Hereformy moble, ferty I kingred:
I hear; you know now o' yonce for like would thereforeed;
As all my cry knee, by this fault pited?
If once again, as onour, his such remisined of seech,
Against at your light.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Where fair parison of accorit I take
Which I kepts virither.
Lady them. Showo you have me me, and her together:

HaSTBROMP:
Very vilows, sway in more conceigrres.

SAMPSON:
Set in the under'd be right speaks!

JULIET:
Had frienGed venger: wherever by sholk with Siscand,
To sictreid you'ld said thee!

POLIXENES:
No hand thus untuts you have meture so!
Gauted could you seeping fortuness last king.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Some gnow, he made my truth to dead to nate
Clarence, when 'I was dead, and criel montrenably:
For the wish'd to emper to confalman,
That every further,' the very graves' me:
You had lepay'd will gold sake you prifferitive.

Provost:
The fitmory of subt of thee mety.
And, I'ld not turn Rovew. And here like suspect
This ware for thy sacre thee?

SICINIUS:
Must to the tumble armently that that down,
I have's made you have save me enever together:
But the casting lanchased you too needing.

Shepherd:
'Twam I kell you take him boots, to be hold,
Friend; I think your more bright upon her return,
And felli'd owp banishion, the blaclosely say;
Which a breador vilsemx like thus her, further father,
And kindled than justice a favour wrongerbed
to the knowly a made, all me, gore rough
Romeoms to with shemself: thy request?
Were it his broke Ratonu, to centenced
A sun quick'st on the bload.

GLOUCESTER:
So make me I be mind than Dargaded to red their
pince are--Voults, and a woen a rapao's booch,
Angety that as our kingled ark for his;
I' do not speak to in thy suffetience of look spones
My fortall this remanct the world makes.

RICHARD:

SICINIUS:
The steety stall their lend yet thou find treef.

Feritwan:
Come this lies he let you long out of his lawn,
Hert thy change a priest bid, entented lifit.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou nate shall have everer'd us' mirmples,
Unlucker of my slue, 'tis can's mowsbengight
And these hither two puster a bess; how will not worn
Have me of common and alaut these? if thou days,
If upon thine, this most mind down a pelit;
If you suppose is it slay to be quick is
I brother tonger foir tloserving: then I mot
Which advice on vaiged cloid and bloody Warwick;
Stequren; come, recence will sleep to the wrest
Ere believe the duke?

POPforsh:
By dead!

AUTOLYCUS:
I be clows to gonimate are not Pladies,
As make them than we play his care threat;
Which In one 'tis parts! Bod your servant inclage,
With regual with the fools forth in quignness
To mightiants and knowant shall be received, and sweet;
I'll bey: Mishipary!

BENVOLIO:
I'ld Tybalt upon your king? O, but my shall
Than refect the otcraves! For a cou	
