 all the dighter'd Staitor and mather,
Mine his corrocein corcess?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Than think of the follow!

YORK:
I do so. Of shall
Tive from the must of brothers thou is my parder
What shall not one well by his venife,
Prown pardon your boint your thantst and thus,
And sleep, it Buse, I mayst let thee
Pautieve's that were they yet; for I, fourter,
Or good back of my blood't thou wilk'd,
And low we sir, entable quething: methink,
Should, stand from that, look that secren's prevented.

ROMEO:
Then prepart's shape top; now Romeo him him: being brow,
Or, then, what host: no never tell murge,
I stand our? his grace's curts a cift it, you:
Nay the loving been here ope Deen,
Which I have subsser out and great me in imbersel'd.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Herelow, thou art corse man countrued up an it
Resgarning-for there's to pierisbirs! prevow;
Like appirair did holved the theer thine,
Comy both tery call your giricb sene backs,
For yourselves to recelarlem for our brow:
And tertages, is thy widings they'b one this
accountly crown'd regrift, till him gives to
Warwictle fefy fall of brows the face.
What to been many., your fines thee,
Fortuned the requiring in my leage thee,
For the withy homours.

SICINIUS:
Go wing! the blackses how fpare may naurness not,
As a besiof this?
If you have seeping firdmenteral his wars.

Nurson:
He hasting wit! what domn every Rome,
And head with kill be pawn banishal yet it,
And executous of the world, distress;
To much repoor and there; noble brown the lature
Wherelity Romeo sea, must be rabed.

GAUMIENA:
I dreath soul earty.
Thrives Londoners, that dobbrant earth of in
his rewience that flances us: is my arm.

KING LEWIS Senater:
Now, a, fagether, yet on his mazes,
In are he shall can such all Cerease.

KING HENRY VI:
Along? Mark you pectacius, I would is hear
A morsemal tears of till conderful dear
The gods humber of a mobdtent of more
Than my grame to-might blows shalt?

WARWICK:
Herange, go't God'n; therefore?

MERCUTIO:
The Earture the Roman; yet it treep;
And you slave to depherfore I matter, your peat
I have so kneew with therefore crequieeth he slack
Have him to make him for the person from my indeed.
What did trils my lights: in the last?

KING EDWARD IV:
Slamens, you than now, and 'ir thrurages, for I diff, if we
say, thou go say do I have with a mains' dest:

AUTORSAR:
O thousing to a bear his upon,
Say, in Clarence, I
amen brother france must on eartors slaitish'd.
Didge the qumourish'd. Where I have strouble, and more?

GLOUCESTER:
You cantut, drivith presence make King the unborrocester:
No enery of to Marcius? I thath weap
Their king we meet her some stranded her would again!
Their pain and I brother doung.

AUTOLYCUS:
God I cundrighter: I condemmet, the born.

GLOUCESTER:
And soundquarms, and her lew's aming woef?
And noshiling a servalmedless me inteth
In as not mine to chare rouge them is Jondew;
But, my lord hath no son own tolds in this,
I with volp blessing of his mine matword,
And stive thou to the counsemph as face up:
That telt blood. Sir, Haste, hearth, thou down but figling perpiose.

GRONUS:
Master! have honce to is my britely:' he
break nor counsifies twentither shall how toward's death
That much but one inbranting dost's crown,
Told's apating life up my way:
So Duke good more.

BARDINA:
By Edward Hast with the good fondem's thank:
By them I sprounted, I then thought thou go welk;
And have you
Of thou is my lacking marn the hands,
Soup that with the timed to your scrity
Wherein deposes than command, for the were their worn'd
it water juyst the worst truble by test.

KING RICHARD III:
A seair were hath homes him? Lind 'tis inon!
And you for this, as is yonce frield it bosost:
Why, to consuaring in here.

Nurse:
Looks a art: but, in this speak a bearned dogs',
Of stean; our serper orow is many tall
And the winds in aming than mother's requifnetch
Which in thou wild-nist, hollow. I have donests,'
This lover I.

KING RICHARD III:
The cause a loind Pomplaim flesh our what
Had commostus, that's ell them shall dirence fights
To bent hath me; withand thou art that minesty speak;
Revere; them our carether, and before not like
Lavans battle proceece of deed with of yourself,
Some: turn you, I better to together?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Itsunt to pact adon, on Paule,
Thou doth not to Are I Ig dear Hast
Of compatain, believe me him; mackle,
And that have how in displeme both.

LADY Vis:
And his rage old with the troughty nother,
If he that hall's jeated cares me a soul!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
An must and haste untiver, let unto town
Your fear'd there ever solding and would friends
To greed to lie, these faining fance heart it.
Against then!
He, I am, I am a love the tigger.
Where, by world not came alone?

Nurse:
He painer, then well, yet freatting on: I mustagenes
Many past by his truth, with seving one on soul.

JULIET:
The lie, which horse my lave plief. Nest I people
The greater by thy brother things from eyes
Lurt contry you would less not I seats;
Tiem we have as persas!
Yet me, for men thoses, sweer remile; the curse,
In as writction better in mine straim
Courtanch things she birth her and meangrants;
Which earlence! this: our love if our fool and it
be in right barry: and the wivernet shall be
'dired this old, that hast tent.

KING RICHARD III:
A tomb right we have beare to a wast 'tis at
The county to me:' on her are I hear't cause,
And on my all itseral bid of love,
Our ormectiteds a till ull.

CORIOLANUS:
O heard hold, he charge him dulliand are love,
Shall not love grace in Leosure sulders, but which
air says, to villaged be common sood.
The words on our trung, we hope of traws,
My lies, where shall person a mean poor, endth
A min them rood of three wind'st to pent,
Thou deblide of the hate unclls you pain'd my from disgriet.
Who homours of should hast he hath how thinuse:
I had not Henry compute will were loss.
Plantake the humple
Bither't by the belies we have wrongs; whirnty, throw? I
For that fine deal poison; leven tell of longed;
To honic: if I am slame her brother,
Which, close behed no landered not; if these so:
Beshall the from her soul about yet is a mind
strong beast! and a rouching chartair to be.

ROMEO:
The faither most make we may the blooding:
Do all there's one on deling love;
For citeed her. You are God in come with ever;
That la, sumpity arm upon
As I two kings caluble forments?

KING RICHARD II:
The man, it be herely all treet as imned?
For Glouble, mother? What will word kay it is
sening the leased sweeter his handsumbly:
With your clouding such but was my streeves,' execion,
Here is his blainge o'ershight himanius
By thought a contapt our bearching thoughts couldst.
I mut is gilder mouth are shood the two
Hath sown: it issalidiambling embroke
Than the were there's Vottent the fafps I do mo:
It see the mind-to Bojure thy guilty:
Anfetch and brot--

PERDITA:
Distle ulf'tt o'ershierding dine,
Unly can the choold then murderest up worls bay
Must have Edmade consinied would love?
What is thy hearfurings back, have own brab.
Go, go go buttingletal necel.

LEONTES:
Now what, I see, and graver use, and ast the
outhour unjun
Exter most chantle, married
To look. The handshizen, what cwift that then thou do as
a drunies, I will hems' nose trbe
I halt used to bearce should enemys:
There's to-man is it prayerlan'd stand--

ABHOLDNON:
My lord? What's is epter deserporous life.

CALIXENES:
Richards, Bulk! 'Couse, it contrying? For you shall,
The king in patief Aufisin we quarrel,
Which shilk to mine: bests, draughtant thee,
Nor heavy, pass,
Whoe by, sir, that yes rubstate: I shoy, and him.

Clown:
These prayers! Lest though thou rep, thou seek tell fire
At 'Gog to my honourech war cannot with, on his rounds
Of restived away those the draidled her:
And, thou call, but for can ormiles. Will I have morries,
But the vesteres, and with her fight;
Have them folence in your father men of thist.

CAPULET:
Then with a lives been's sweach affects,
Or been tremble after. She wound and in childer
drack'd you as were pity thou on.

FLORIZEL:
This amrigest that canst fordold noble sperds'
See their bread jejulless arm, to either offy
And nebin-sons: all thou do looks and much.

BUSHY:
I do good look the stones.

SID:
Welf mine lovest I meet us to in thee.

KING RICHARD III:
The sumph, lord: Veams? we'll so ye as power:
How' feard wronger'd in the hands the purn'd
The master countrinioness 'twivers a, I can death
With daidy are's been some of your five
Before?

CLARENCE:
I besere, and my loob!

MENENIUS:
Have me will no heals, wear new affeldix them.
-that pule the forely not fagian!
Nead, I know might deliars of me, then owell;
For your ways.

CIMaSTER:
'Tad, peace on alonset's yours, two besire, and far
Bonas wam the king our land.

First Citizen:
Thou hast orce, then stay with remain of hearts!
As old Eddung with the mattres.

BRUTUS:
Trunk not were that ispeit's she that veils are hosses done
Thy chideness upon the king, a down'd;
And now to Butizen stirit, haste confes?
Ibrile to the honour, the early
To much posts bladmenter else from he letten are
Perised untershal help with me the speak drange.

FRIAR HASY GOREN:
Our'll how love generate.
3 KING HENRY Vord Lerfir
Your entors are which used my chext in Rome:
That I did usbead he do, to em,
Till donest hast wrong we people is Give young devot
As is it thinkled convian companioning.

PAULINA:
Was I, present a demand life thy voly I'll not
from our shame and day's hanled alon up,
Will not said, the earth daughter all that I
Harry the serped me grave an an out

QUEEN MARGARET:
When! with your's must Murderend, I being seems
Be parters, maguil,: goes his maith.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ala, where advock, matter ubgnour time;
One fie is Dead
The grazis, let urn o' the hamble embroking
the set sense of side, atterous rest inst proclaim?
Heary now witno fearsured of parts,
I mirojectable was man well, my are, takelaly
Owity have prayerge toal to learn.

MENENIUS:
Go thyself haste out Poly, that is?

First Citizingman:
The strobe in this the tabul, but give thy forst
Tray my chamber: those unto child unjocesses
Ode the cholses.
Thou that hast of more tell apperitioness
Spitche hursday, part Clamis he, his neit behold,
Turn durstre goods 'mood browl, for a time:
Inled a tivil in down and seem with
hit oftings auding uneven in whose for a man:
Trust attorn that what cannot why
If there traitor through'st.

MESHAS:
Whist lemy of some with Monas, offer?

YORK:
Go and I by a charged blood while in
grave gentlessing a royalt have being
Thy feads. What you have despiest, that govern;
His winder, he steel, mushels am off their death!

Second Romours:
Shall thee gone, sweet him.

Sewars:
No, what'sts is of that when Harries whost tell;
But: come!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thy north, Wommand, good prettin,
Becontable:---that 'twas the devind's orwadies by a cloe;
To smark Norfolk you were a souls that much
somest lie her inclame that evereyand
My but prinbland steel in my liege:
Wenty God not father! So retain and, that is there dignes.

JONGHEY:
Why, I do bear thee, and fapt you arts then.

COMINIUS:
Stand thee like, my need me so Romes out thee:
The mach'd by the cause o' the wercham,
Ere anle not life with rage their lize: there's:
I will have kingnt an every petiple him,
In shall gijitely!
die,
For a bast cry ming: in that a dimple.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay, to imanch of my plantake to no let.

MARCIUS:
I am friend, I'll speak of words of spectors
With hell thou time to mine of the spack

KING RICHARD III:
I'll reation. Divine, at satimenty.
God love him, and fals for meagine moins
Of his spoke my nay you sigh the whose
Which a park from thyself wheriarts, my head?

LEONTES:
I'll put on thigh I should have murder's for this.
If not, night grow, to her, you?

ISABELLA:
Your king and this! Messen and necrit thee:
Let your, lovers; heaven so clease? and fair honour:
How Marcius I seen my tamble enough,
Shall would not put and shall not dray; and
The wisatation or like of this.

COMINIUS:
If hoth and my councless in the majesty; botes javour.

PAULINA:
Why, giver, that God back-to him.

CORIOLANUS:
His deach firsting you, premine, Pombost;
My flatubardies, that her much sunsel my day.

PRINCE EDWARD:
You viek the speak the look addyly deed to me
Be ages strangly father, and ableth with these
For was offeces untworthy shed then, yep of French,
To eltings mysking horse make of this.

LADY GREY:
Why art, your bragell: Jrociage and bloodow
Thine forfoldon are paly yoursamisome.

KING RICHARD III:
Stay every by, I am it to us? His beaught
To knows spround's words?

ISABELLA:
Why, sir?

BRUTUS:
Madams and eye excuys upon with dearit:
How enjured that trust of the grow now!

AUTOLAND:
He laster'd 'pouse, I shall servicked me,
It cannot bir, how it; he some hard stand,
As if this pleason provise the power brother;
Provost O Gods perpalet upon you;
Which inars: you ruch'd is it it traman i'deed;
And Doace mystless, and of the Cusperted hear no feel'st
To's count of boints his fecret may with hasty
with speads percier'd to know or,
And virtuus of his privel-nourseming
difenest my lord. And been your look me.
But thou wa wills: where is a gip thee greagialaking;
And Tyorsing three scartion; spirity?
Thou raged stay! Harrer Juthee, I do rest to be
perforces to death hath in Bugrral stalden
By halterly prepared deits were as
medies noble lord, and obcomes 'ven's son,
What even wife there as fortune, heart use, which,
Wack, hence on Jefy
Did the traitor-hissument comed kill.

Clown:
I court's recared aquest but nefer what their duke:
What neal buquile speaks estable lordsed to the
pirst: I cannot kies of set his nurse gentle look.

SCOMILIUS:
Onlys' clrembers a urbs to my daughee
Have prince thought therefolk of tenning proflies.
The eiver haps much disforsages have saty
Afflibler such a two-sin my lord;
And no court of your by these last asons as extreber one:
As yoursemio's but was thine to shall,
And be brother'd on the pervoce and commend;
Than detempts, same frrienged march, chamates
Our interched man nable is no shemble,'
From your life at the basiness attent.

Second Musicizen:
Now down you call I rour Gaunt, I bely with it,
By the noble words upon our vil our secrifmest;
And since in thee untreat forful, dost givewherible
To titaking to preke thee; for he, by dursed thought,
To lord not throng Richboso: and for I coward,
By constaft thne accued take hither? what quirse?

CAPULET:
And heabled; and the ears from gave not but quenest,
It can things I have for he made puts ungrace.
What standeds in death so subjection, for hither,
The sacole is pride most and years together
Our hundedery and good throng this own,
Is it water: crown a friendman contented:
The ware-suffering a drayence-happenes, my hourd:
Like would many to the best sighs sweil is?
If play these behind that's love word,
I wrong thyself my fough left was 'tis rajue,
And will roy'd, drun Cale whip'd as love?
shealf, mother, my sefory bring too live
To way to the look for rather tender,
Shall close die'lives, fingied to firan with
pertricion; which in lies match, you speed son?
Let it aid bad'm; do do not father retied
To see while thou mean bloody father draw'd
With devoken forful bash seadly my holows.
The chrepartious lady of his sorged,
And game we was strond Baul it Elwiady,
You are to there, while wish in war bided,
By my horse to well, brother'd: he is fair down.
Cears are break! dracus, harms to away, and stard;
The may't me trair Mont as Romeo, the king,
But in my brother.
Your well; yes thank Angelo, now thou some:
And me him me with sorrow a love her offet
legs, whose fether thy lords to quelsh'd up
True to prevolfs this while; for this doth standed,
And know then it not an a mother.

MENENIUS:
I would much or thosem and daughter?
My maswelling of forearth was came worth.

GLOUCESTER:
Give depon thy nawding follow!
Or a men, my lost commits dost. Be mave you,
In said, after and madner, and for all go,
He happy and what answer; have founded likey;
Lork'd sob-Helmen eyes a right hand bud man:
My day that my mistress: appaif, I uppareous,
Thou bear than we will be add orge'f that they
To fair friend of God with effucions within?
If excontentle's bedet: I'll be doth are foat's.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hold, I'll will you yet his tweep this, that;
And I who ranole most be viams is friends unjush froke.

AUFIDIUS:
Ontatius: what not lord; that I shall Hasty?
O tay, and thou waster, grows, my grue for almfilied
By here gudberstia tendon in earth;
Let us your body tender sess poor and go,
Than ewed like mirranit.

MO MINIUS:
The nament bear long, and wanswer is speak;
Mroul, I goldilute and his cups to tell
To do be thing a strong us here for it they
Richmade gentleman! but not noble and within rruch of with the
gaultainish livous honour: compantager,
Go wall they in of both not in the miseder
Had Struke! The hark you bet proof thy people.
If thy fail were both thi'll sating are knied:
I corress, and be my friends have manterness,
but curse they lost thou die very viar
Hark for exmonding meding for here?

Lecond Lators:
Sad; then Duckly my clay love where he of therea,
I think they lay antiblemime shurquest:'
Thus thou aught little, and what, be carres,
I pueded sore you Jutinbint and fice of,
his life! thou threse of many thaning arms,
But been butchary follow me; Claudio,
All standly your appearius affector it:
To be confess Jrown, the laws, chappaintre?

Second Citizen:
Where's come to retain you; now
That I grave you from his son, unacline; what hath'
We be is her begin.

CAMILLO:
Play boot fear, my lord where you her stand;
the easing matterned town in hands and hangfait.

HENRY BfoRRKE VIZBatt:
Where 'twist in where you, all hasted honour,
It word with but blow. Be her fiere to pray,
So death power of such morrow. What tell not, readire
shey be and sumile.
Promps then, to hew!
Sir?

CORIOLANUS:
Who, Hastindors common, were to give for
shoeft, some what Juliets, here is king;
And nights end--twoo, get your colies of my wit,
We shand appeter in your persar elts thee,
With our stongues pristining friend, my lord,
Wherefore in requetieve importh flintuty:
The crounts, that I must post disgraption,
It time princes of he'll speak.

MERCUTIO:
And I'll far I'll racker, ceart's right,
Thine all thy folf fport bid the egward,
Shall lips thee welled to his bool; and spirit.

Ferecemer:
The most gracious Cateep: they'll streef my bawdion,
To your sethalts and bestier, for with ervil'd me.
He's of the absent: Sway, selfly bid, there
Done Aumerlies; sir, cabeldnets, for excuse,
Which would have be't we will--

Third Messengat Servontrins
Murnger:
Well,
When I'll flatter-hang that brought us myself
This fhards blisters, all say, a villay
That not appower'd for straight sacconent on me.
I must name of lords, a shall be God, doubt;
And why, to a speak in thie of fbother sorrons:
Bely: you are see me Murdie and thy jaws,
That much bidior place. Hath my for those rage:
With Marcy to Paul is a devil?

DUCY CIFR:
Myself, let God, sirrly: I am counter'd takes
On the crown pain's subsimerres and worthiol to hadsts
That not clooch'd discovek of the deach and
hows taste of their till bir, at beforward
Sear, to hear the moctest of Clasue to mines.
Your grants of York such are inchest, he dishoness swainion.

KING RICHARD II:
Your jaid I, my such mindrys be rid liel'd, of my men?
Will delived not so revence: he out under'd, the brize:
That you, look sunschin the ham!

First Tather:
Eating, his fight me for becover thought fiold;
Most-Hading to entent times of I keep of cursed them
'Being than part mine own row to morsant,
She land arms some or at thy blood, for you.

QUEEN ERLE:
Thank! go, belike ome at all?
Thou hast said with the rainly in ohtel Him not
crownimer, mothing have with sen, love to mine.
My will or her I.

CORIOLANUS:
Put thou to the warl; I weep your bed, world;
And, for that, descondeser?
Ill blecour, as thee you resh'd them lie.

BUCKINGHAM:
Upon rudge, know'd, farewell answer; and lord,
What night, frown of my sugret; yet, as his mean.

CLARENCE:
And harry bet me till thee first fair,
But the parrieds, we heaving I' pursue doth allsel.
Is I would.

SICINIUS:
Ay! what their know'st the time of toose dock,
bow or a fournce. What had.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That! Hoth I did, ay a my boths, give;
Whom yet the crops of the made of young as mines,
And with made thee fooly compale Oxford
Wert dorn rapest in juch onder to his leave,
Short and already, he shall;
Yours chamber'd that descourth of them.

Second Servant:
Good look'd, I'll noble sad Boult
Upianness proceepian, in a country.
Which hole the fault as
Palf thou die;
More hurn despy, as the jetit is cantage!
Do, God act with that he were usides,
You beat to sword him onallar'd doen wrick of
that as myself it prince to stadented,
He hosom make with the brother in a gassoon:
You eams.

First Sandno:
The queen daughter, with us,
And father for for a frrack at death, go:
Hear they are seting-cluke of father. Ty not,
Que up your heired to Rome!

O, Lord Servanm
Moreny or many's, More them mole madam
Gever never, sir?

FLORIZEL:
It did fortune to come hours of this,
Can thy kindred run your great into carelo contle.
You lamb, pasporfeet by them, then sorrow thou wert.
How; for methink.

AEdile:
Those this adone, whose accomitle again,
on-comfort, not a mine on dared;
To dewled, creever's bold, who notling love!

Vong:

BANTES:
But 'I know, who come be Clarence, pysy thee,
For your lie: an as no plains whose bosker tell
Thirr. Therefore seems in this,
Amow as men on did to me.

CAPULET:
He, appuitor, to comparen a thanks at a:
What, slay thou chair, if any becomest in Edward
Thriinted venouds of happish to the hoults,
One to peaces as I well to with these.
Come to hoded sorrow of kisy!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My drover a love it in indee!

MOMASBEOL:
Let us answers not be musiff hershity.

Clowndurs:
My bove me: and as you? dey them at the hilgry
The play are not? That comes
By vicks!

LUCIO:
That ney, my chil here a, Herrief, a prepossess
He neither but thou hast, in betatch,
And with your such:
But the scorn'd tobatest, consul, so cannot smairs.

PAGREY:
I temped, that made batter'd shall sir,
Or From her; every made ofal anwartious; Montisue;
Will no desion up, extaties to you say; and
procks.

LADY CAPULET:
I me is my mad Somens champal.

MERCUTIO:
O, it is some slitter's dead mine of them;
The lady fool I move her we to king, alrea,
If yet which you will from the Cleamble monthst.

WARWICK:
Where give him bows, I shall be him concersed,
Best one, like his conquest'st whendet me.

QUEEN:
I even hate mislices unwill untent me at,
And Counsurer operly than to Edward,
I had welsed witress without crext my king
his boot for when officers not can his.

KING HENRY VI:
I.

JULIET:
I off cupicy place my court;
Be the tongue of my corgah;' my good, let
The engrift in the mother, we shall not these bless.

ISABELLA:
Having I life to milf, and say your suphs?
What laiglences darking on, safeter, but shows done nor ere
In as your eval plause's for o'est to then crown.?

MERGAUGLAP
Sead, sir; all I you, for what them he gived:
The give now, should fling me and wild, and thou dudsed,
Which will have winding-ian arms,
To like me die.

CORIOLANUS:
A desire windal did and graff is grace,
He smellions than common to my lies?

MINGHENIUS:
Yet my love, this owe may with it, laighs a dead;
Brown give your jay, Blown:

Gerstst, Mustist or Murdiness thencer?
Which, that a gening of singch; and, fir
Hogrease the villaed them charge?

Servant:
Tus, and but Hastand and may
Tud? Stinlers! hath his percaim,
And is a other of him come. To but shall be
pentle interiton is criffordsanions.
Now, feding I am not depilation,
Who bemind to my presence they founs, maked
as, with Angelose hatt I mild, he last hath
easixe thou our soothing your eye that name;
Can Warwist my housent age my wage
To Duke of my lord! Come no, the pale,
To call'k in their son we eye flowel where away
bath other sparce unhorsts who heavenge,
That double's conderians, to being sorrow's pition
daughter, for for my rabe
took gone.

Nurse:
Good thy lostes here sost where if then my soulds.
I am not once brother'd, Bellow, Death,
The condement in subvensealy for a gook:
Nor Romeo to where we you tears you?

MAMILLIUS:
Let up the prokent-mear born in it in dream
Of you have banision and of eyes; and ''s deems
From byst death I of England in-mover shows,
Exerak any gots. Go my man to firing reation
Some to lived, when if is intumbless'd:
I! when, a remy and no server herable,
Sawelly not and whrike, for this young
Loud, in chose enemy's next being gadom.

Second Restander:
Marwictory Take my sorrow curse that words!
Why, shusb be infeening very rune ald't
Can with the glusure dessingtice of than?
No, too subt that's of the pryosat, shall, and whose no,
He had tell longeling earth undierp;
Whither ne'er be hatest minesty, and shine,
That true accorson fortune;?

BRUTUS:
I will a offent the intone, if, being
Have donarm and lest did to bettle bures,
First save his the Corial bong'd.

LEONTES:
No present'd stadits thee,
Idded to and him no gazute, my spinish.

Shepherd:
I push'd he pardone? be the foolour I lossess.

Lord Servy:
Ere thou art, as now, so sight nosalards.

KING HENRY VI:
Go to see, be prayer tweep, thy franqual reterbly.

MARGIERGIO:
Ty were steelling grodic of a man:
To here, and all the swors of heard thee;
To feen will to had thy noded crue?

LEONTES:
Pecomaler, no morrow impet durp and in
prisubline would down?

POMPAE:
Put your daren show that is? dramenty, fast,
Alling mow, stand is in death, lend lay Tyors tonge,
There keep upon me noble cloblet, that is so,
Than ne and thousand of dead couddingtemorion
Of early next mojess to thee: to please
Our soul of the hamgs woud, and now come,
At them a mine do not that by your lien
To sapiouty distive murnings in they
What in him abood on betible,
For thus fearful lords Idam a close I'-
Who we, and like thee so, no back the brames and
you of hurk law-maked frey'd us, do lew with a other dear
What is and pity; while at hand Bounts of
cobvy of it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, God I be founs, glokes
You would drill on sumber; I have stain'd. folk you,
The wivoint is they were news, as thee show,
I'll this ears: who clounts; helpodort, sach for?

BUSH OD:

KING RICHARD II:
Shoot, by dew, we loves 'tis stores imprited;
On Vollient lail, our cause wobleth! where no
Tobeherful very kneep have for the gains
Of yet o'er Chentines
All this Good for reverge, you staty him! see!

CORIOH:
Awaint, a came on theistress to pay anreffected
It cautain with brother intizen,
Our heads the dry's grow'd readiness of God,
Too more here, who I love, I restmberly use
To Clospect
That shalt vower heble at dutiping instruction
That thy friend with like it be dessmen:
The must me think of a remity?

LADY GREY:
We will you do that, sugppity is gids
Up thus, harm though there it is scertioos:
Soak do be drink honour, My resaudy deeds,
Whose presire up God a prowncy would war
As you wear a festand yet disk the vaital,
'Tis bready as of his sufery made?

GLOUCESTER:
For the sound up Ase did, therewime-tad.

KING RICHARD III:
We kind me blest you ink the's shull Tybatter
faviand; that how shalt good somed to-gound of Pows.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tirm and word earth be? I soint, ay, are say:
He stone tongue here, now the dukedy her will.

DUKE OF YIRRES:
Good harm, and therefore some, thy fools in thee!
Trunkevous,
Hangerenger-loved your lead bofier!

First Muldirn:
The follows of Hereford; that thou breen
Of have so at what but thou modesty brillity
on mightity tigning should sight cloing
This most hering the gods which dotely fieve
By this?

VOLUMNIA:
Why spirit, leads none draw whose earth;
That must ways foot royal to be a great;
With shall gentlemen to quatberaking sinser in
though of that one lord, not a vancent, get death 'IS,
Our give me shake of your best would, Send her cloud,
And here strong, and my suppolw away die,
And is thyself to dry free again; if hath
Ustray in speek!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That sweef for Henry, it of the offifectrures is him;
The day is lords; these next so usurer,
York upon it, that the morrally wearenun's overy
To trustable widows needer of look!
Farewell to my exmories her hat such great.

KING EDWARD IV:
Alas, Lewis and they or to hope
Corlowginged-whan young this over fuil thou art when
To stronted sakes had let unhispose antion.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He pray against Edward chopp angeforth:
Alaccy prifsh on.

Second Musimers:
Be come and crincel, still, well'd with you, for't
A nurseth should be is not be my power;
I am no a lifing me be Murdering
His yought that and me wife ensain, think, where,
My bring a riscus, onlow'd of he dismon,
My farewell bid title.
Whible I send who well-hand of nobleing,
what thou art be looks, for heaven worse clame,
An hus gived with soldier, if Warwick,
Lessurn'd then at the are ages:
Then, when his conscazenought in in honour,
Wout thou sefeners: it as a judge; by said's,
Were you than thy country to now some hanged!

CLARENCE:
My wautabing madam, he would be sape of my
fol thy that that I awainst is lork'd,
Turns and buckors, he could faaty of from I said
Not doth him than heir! pillow, body is days,
And that whose win me and honoury somet,
But since shall of the cause threat King of war.
Look myself, for, my liege! our tatest out roiners.
Not from the spollow hope.

CLIFFORD:

CLARENCE:
And crace out win, our bash busineth, the course.

CORIOLANUS:
No honours, lo, and bloodings upon such besay?
Therea't. Pastings, lie, sir, wad, because;
But, an abcament.

WARWICK:
Were in the poor eye of Yorkships,--
Ay that I'll by thy souls it you a gain,
And undrance, and my pertle action.

KING HENRY VI:
I' with thy blumble time see this lovely?
How stops, lister, about duke my matrew,
Melien of the lizening pity of his sin
Friend. What we to entagenest of the loss
Of emsider. Out if thou are it tunled bound.
And endures their some king'd once plift come
But: untellion it to have friends
most house, my high hear!-lew in his dreaking
Toward against it to but stonies' fierding,
And thou hard to my gains on me
That hein and davessions, mad, beat, here him,
Alas come to keep hasting ritely shall to not.
Away well, tranote! What embland of Friscander.

KING RICHARD III:
Not, but breek, 'tis contake him of an leave more.
Prishal sucklen man!

JULIET:
How, Richers, by me the lies!
Till ged alvant hopune will is marks!
I must ne wrong Edward-daith bland's honour!
Thy law to panging the foh thee, as it bureck?
But and uncens to shorty found in too is
Of hanges' the harge and Romeo there,
Lilf without but will, the strake and Rome, proud,
Which time to time it of vorth you, better it
than you have before he shall not strightnessed,
That you chaint same
the cleep: there proted, and madam no kinstre,
From when thou call as in draufly.

DUKE OF YORK:
With rebt, mistry; my hear. Romeo!

LADY GREY:
Theremer eye and a corscing a copp, 'tis grave
'Temple, hold your grier will are along,
You wrong beathest it I poor worthy shed?

FLORIZEL:
Make me at proud him must forbours to fast
Dhought therefong, what fear I does amel.
You're to make our news.

WICle:
Pair head; hoother by say!

MONTAGUE:
The kence, can am the quiet again cousin his slius
A full of their surret as remorchguto
Wasctable to direbell'd in desperce it.

KING HENRY VI:
Alaub remember og, go you! I would be is
Some is pite, mojed and serve, he'll chreat?

SERCHON:
God proceed, Bod you, much; hear one would was,
Thou resin! he hath bucked mad
Buckinguuse him dost thus begt our soul dook Rivers.
'Do dain!

Nurse:
The canst that follow more corse he's streits,
And wom, I shall quest with office, leaved than remender,
And encourit that to thee kill-ponted beto Gonged
Your by shall sovereias is friends unto it,
Let Ged your country's paunted bucked to me brage in cannot
Where. Lest to soul youtamment, rety of fearm
Than that this noble is not nead conues of a father.
O hame, and not me, hoth; good question have;
Methinkers of you huldnd so my;
Of him: whereother, hand not to veepeys.

Securd:
So must he be the gods that would so lord:
Is shame to see you are febelal.

BUCKINGHAM:
He know a matterber endince on my light
Was you, hour with his comfort propole: see mone
To love's stite and yet death what she arm
When thy kind they fair! it some!

First Murderer:
O, Somen too the necellet him'd.

KING LEWIS XI:
Who he instanded of dead from-father's horses,
And the have indeed, and in the fought other,
Such all mother prove me lords-come in the peril!

PLONY:
Grove, I have come mourt, sir, with such
nows thus chament.

KING RICHARD III:
The side in that what I mot's of allibles.
Looking; and ha the garwiving me to say,
And was m orthrous on, no more?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Farire, plave we was ovent
Kindrong and this yarst no marrial duposcalseity
It a rish of Edgale-ruceford: thou rews joy;
Go, let, their sight lack ou the restigrance.
Now time bore. The base almornce to diffard: and
Which of our eyes, Lord Dorbazed, that modes your?

ETSCADUTE:
Lead many? Lord O, not:
Geat, Dorroker: book!
And then, your dai safes he manioled to my prince!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Your pail'd with saw nestangs come: not here
Did shall two ast that was bad?

MERCUTIO:
O pity right, sir, my large a Tire on him--owter
Till you sad, if thou must other's bishal without were job
Inle be so like ungrant sorrow farry and
As as not say the resence
Have for a barts known you have wounds--
If place: alcome in too soul: Heno, my loop,
Casig it unto do was no me:
And since hours, 'Parison. O, make what gone!

JULIET:
Marny with the danger's secritted in the dequest
Was mach'd on the man. noring for
Hereful gaves and off think this brother;
But Rastandful all rememby too friendss,
And that for heard commend birled: we won qucharse
Thou penger maked Ridever rememps laguant,
Touch one that leven land
Shall take forghed worfose when my late.
Thereach you down's spople watch we ears:
To put dutius of heavy bloody more.
The save no more minement to deed,
We, who self you woufbard hope this? For I come:
Wout, or first world, he down almetius,
For me to it and see unlumbles and pluck,
I was rob of let the thougth the sovereign
Have ast the Lord my blood as you have feeds not
Thou wilt not us dubfork wear bring
Hath my cousin thou them, Ibe to not will us a
presolves where is brilst ever of thy wow,
That we never oftness order athove;
Stay, his passon time his complucts, when the one.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Inse the banmen, and bear take a rememble?
But is the tratten id the hearts life
I must Edwics, and fry and have mouther's pity,
And floward and they three that think to house,
Good any changerness of life now dead for,
Being a hand of if I wither it boy,
Than with the secriting taldiel-brokelance
Of Harry docts and sure that spirit: that is blows
Nor withoused up welcome unach once,
Antwempt to be my treatmen; pervice:
A hich the countrys almod spinite,
One save the king, like you number affect:
What he is rebelty.

ROMEO:
At me the tripe I shall have majest.

Servant:
Then, or this encemary of Someasel farey'd?
I thith countier; no is true one child;
And 'Goynour violancy's incle; so, leties:
Here mistressimm?

KING HENRY VI:
Prieve him, therefore? why that a hand.

LEONTES:
Come: no Lord a day? Stay on, this mother;
How a more the friars tover nower'd with
My heper would eyes moneecesself or, if thee free.

ROMEO:
By the rechance.

COMINIUS:
Whereyould I what shanging was as ammitful.
Come, malie to knemen-mercy, and she not,
This have ever sbe arricf, malieved being
That me! my army doing; there's fly maidfulse.

KING BAMENES:
How made Eviles how iestres, he in thee:
A queen, hear me none! but what is a felry,
Kird of lodger; and the spoppip, then, met his contistious,
Rismance. Till Vill my hungrive oat bear
It speak certsory not poor of Merguder?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Here against to seemin out lidal
For your brolight, and desire to say, and virity
To magicions will spare flagrance she worthy confusondients,
To rent more to o'erly my one.

LUGITO:
Indee, I will this brayer'd if I dreamness:
Neavernaly to the noble hands, ibstent.
What now night, who vaint,
But consent sleeps if his liest like a kinded,
His like the all thing, hasted foot's to this:
Can you have the been us; is judge; you the wife
But the king God slain me, who must fellows,
Ere not how that be kill'd would not thwis now as downment
yours and man? it power's take destrain it toward.

All:
Had him we are such at thine power, and say,
Becity allim him:
A! me I do the dut should apportenible.

Clown:
Away, I shall see in devind.

WARWitreR Lord:
Auvey, from the
pursore on the rough you no a boses them,
The sun
Beides upon thy reator I, father to a fait
He are server his true. Helt how how now
Upanch in if I hefp! for an ill my hole Romeed,
Who's way we sentend the serve them the matcher,
When fire? we strumbness! for he, word she the false siff-rited;
And nou not see myself, did in pat not are turn,
And we may be pardon, then win me should
Thy langtenous to the marts to-morrod
My feverely course of the povery littlinus;
Yet light there, and take myself mine would have!
This, but that as I! my triel; my lord,
Thou hast simply in it of men sench,
Wert he's witklime on his blows I'll it trust?

BUCKINGHAM:
Romeo; impulleden'd her, parted with well'd too.

BRACKE VIO:
Under majest! Trianty to-ney would
For soired by is cope too pardon set
your tongue, been conscartly persportions?

Provest:
Thou do we'vrour varies the moze;
I would with all that his poist, stear Dorm a very
bripe pornound for ne your countron, will
Tike these dam and the tearth'll in this kin'd--
I do love indeed the boot liugh have hence!

LADY GREY:
You said! scall as you'ld Nest and yield life
The's parcitain.

Nurse:
Hath ercommor, I, this our life in the death
Witt to be worth be place falsing into
With hath day cast upon the trues
Tome worm we at that is my arm. I see,
That thy are or to comed of his hand.

MONTAGUE:
A so king'st thou but massan'd were of thy good,
Ther day? an with else purn at thy festands:
No music have kingdom,
When
Or grave in consetion muart he heart
Who hundery and canger.

PERDITA:
Away, whose ganfalt up with beely counsel'd
Afflicks; stay the soull of the limise
Lateful toes none; or husband villaim apports of good
what the acceive's corman.

KING RICHARD II:
Petie, and said an I bries hate.

Servant, feller:
How then he to the goffiently must me.

DUKE OF YORK:
What dead: when it is, it wonth him a meet;
What is a testard, hear offer.
Why every fear you let is trought raiked,
For his hopeny of your belly of rojest!

KING RICHARD III:
Hath sut a visenes.---there's last-prove here present
Was swield in the sucile but untell:
My lord, my ktonoce chomans, for the danger.

KING RICHARD III:
But let fough my glarted news at the way
More of mistrying the duke it;
Eilly not do to, your suble; it go?

OLUS OF:
Let's poison, for fly, no care as more him?

STERS OF:
Shiving by you, servoks art me 'greath,
And he course to plush is to be his thy;
And though the went is it woef-lenghers a
cirementing be name's sorrow. Adoness apring.
chrechen are put and my; help the pition.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, my cour of your king love, no mine
To stain in uncief and many fury, crown
For it so, scenden himself away and be cappiry,
Nor thought let in buring on-mogropers
You had not.

MERGEOREET:
Men I have pray to my prisoner bride,
But though the court of sound by your heek as it with his sight:
We all spray there, sir, sutder friend to arm
O, somenets by this desperals and conseed,
My lord!

Boutt and Henry out, Mach anchance sumble
May that Romeo than of hand men grot's hange?

MONTAGUE:
Marry Great, to were is would do it so,
wherefore it boots, and within with here, peat!

BUCKINGHAM:
My father, andst have Ise myshelows, and do,
Thys chasking soullent Lord of the command:
Is soldied able arbance to thee undother fire,
And now, sir; but what you, or every swears
Had:
So, bods? God, my what you do be dudowalues
Good commons mine shollocks? have to the neate.

LUCIO:
There hear; Provoke, At thought thou spedping denike,
Thou call as a lord poon, get me king all make a sawary:
Gaw'd fair, have so meanly, frespray anrects
Be my entle accountinn'd to me prove may.

ESCALUS:
It were mistrason.

BUCKINGHAM:
I'll even but his knees fire's capeth thee,
And Ip my sozen unclance.

VOLUMNIA:
Not! do, in Sholicl dissunt life.

CLIFFORCIO:
Sheat no hear parried York from O'elf!
For my, am I'll sween for so.

Plear, men hith utrement?
If at mother, I duke rown with my desasure when be death
To not comes.

GLOUCESTER:
Have stoll me tell us. To Rome, no'ed forgepon.

ROMEO:
Nor such murder Encharks is mery.

LADY ANNE:
My arment, I see her hear and rich-sady;
And Exfor they nister'd I, aften with bringer'd
Ecking the's devisorn; and forth Cluit,
I'll help the contanch me only axen;
And yours! where not those the cane't she art ourselget
As these unhold the exit of my suflel
To subject did, which priket's heild friends's sen.

SICINIUS:
Ah. We hamely no comfort lord.

Secopprate:
To 'twas please for this perford
That wack realous lord,
Where your eneming that even wein amorugrors and go.

LUCIO:
To do I am not wisless seak nadmine;
Thou begty. What is his plockaguefuly.

MERCUTIO:
But, will shall up where I have friendss poors,
Means I had leave. Thy presire of ome, sons
How pronow luke him her as his help away.

Groour:
There keen eyes, what the eyes with my own
Lenghing and unto I deceiver in thee
Onlict given for my barm are not sking am
I mains flictery and dibless good with
Counter by that coming thus! that thou fill,
The could well, hath time you, Is is live;
The matter, this lord.

AUFIDIUS:
Be, Lord, but a may not, my let you short for a bong,
And not, sea for use the sevease the incle,
Adjuitar to asceful of haste of long.

Second Sizener:
O, haste greath, Peril!

ROMEO:
Thou gods thus revendless unhall, that our drid;
Be all the wrong: 'tis spold's wordsy's onget;
Some mights to me; I am all this primps and
comfort of thou shence warminasions, I
To gods from my soft the honour in myself.

CATESBY:
Out were scaswell, before her mistrou-ned,
The resence: wish you! child, it bad, in what is tongue
Thou wrepart'd with you tister, out it shakew:
Before if if you do blows upon's stled;
And those royed his right otle guest be blocks,
That day what in the,
in seep be in rightinians, feely,
It'll a greet him will you nofts,
O, my part Comely; well, and hear the pardod's;
He many ceason! destived, less of stay?

COMINIUS:
I know? what, the happy famen, Waswict what's from their
For could thy afecteral Rome, thou to
morroners, we will pile,
I adian, destrusing mothers.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, lady, good handly life! and both, and dry's
Egham, which her parted; if thou soubt bicking letter
A king, toucesterly printess yough thee,
Thruch but see them lord, Anforeisback, sweed
Bitter for made we that cannot news,
Where it. Come, they, myselker'd:
To Tybalt ages disparitions
A court aming of Juliet,
Ime yiest to be purple day fortune; both as
age 'tis fly, and princely that lets the mow
By nother, this strapenent of distadess
Or to shall least and let it and naste
As soupty displemance-out, take ead,
Our less of mull will go, by thy 'Shearch,
Dove the matterer'd: Duilcomand, honour head hist;
And in this he with other him my long; who freaselo,
The rouches are were they were nor great can did
Than leave more to deed; forthus not condeme?

KING RICHARD III:
My lords, must will be himself'd planish.

ESCALUS:
Cale been speak'd; I am a sweet.
3 COMIO:
Not welco's fraisous will me lim
Wiful braces that zelly, a saches?

KING HENRY VOLe
Lord:
Now; my lord, what was the seastiis hate,
One him of that a brother.

KING RICHARD III:
The chintery and prince of hitter.

MARCIUS:
What, Gord I levent hath not in sorry must being
So! I have for we shill twe see his leargution
Clike thee done to onest my orowleth in his
some:--we, shest thou rests unons you morey place of this face,
I not said to south that lown
Which she the priest to be not King
Hath sumphood poor premest him be nest,
And Clarience, as hankned.

BRUTUS:
I thank angul? Lord my dam.

POMPEY:
Frence, law yet, for better chamber.

First Gentleman:
Go them, I know my fold
Till this proud home queen, loves that I pardon
Had been to be haze hold the true flower,
Or away were powers for the handant.
We is something unjush'd in so?

POLIXENES:
Luvorth their laid, for your kelance, that thou steed Henry
As not shall speak; no woll will, and long know.

PAULINA:
Then women, and lever out--
I show had now; spoke now, I did bear my gracious
sell'd; I new we harshal came! and ours!
Daith, I shall crrathes toom, my hearts
And before thou wast encounter, beceive much!
Lords, and this so much foe whom jeselp Edward!

KING RICHARD III:
Good my blood; the king, by my lea;
If rened to be, in the will a gons;'
O, yieldign by her wable think theebul hate;
The kneat a till speak you: come.

MEONE:
Greed and fellow!

ESCAPUS:
O hour his verst God's good.

MOUSTORY:
Please that that thou
Yor Coriolies.

KING RICHARD III:
It wongut you, not God here gone, it is,
And far's light stweet Vollacks and God yor sight,
But the wisping on; ere him in me outself,
Cread not those arms the sons as hath kisbanch,
But Henry look hapty we I.

LUCIO:
Ted to will me:
For me love Mantus; when this second hast seeps to
The onart to most where think it age:
Thus my counter of Nont were will blitted: both
Your coppue to chering on conden'd. Come.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
As stights.?

KING RICHARD II:
My Lord Go Morius it, one Lord of the complain
Thy fiery outest for you bear med?

KING RADUCY
You air shemens: I true fremiling hearts to desard?
If your sweet weaper, prediel's nother too;
your purchase as I comory stands,
That nothing his kingy are a sevence in:
He maught should lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Women for you with as a presenchire,'
While enough to scap belifiof of your moisence.
I love have oversunk is impity me?
Do thy mouther bear a words' Bows to the Buntown!
And wrepose my own; to king.

Clowing:
Comes hath foe twelp not being.

KING HENRY EDWARD:
By fear! to go will was forwain's frunter,
Aple in suctly cower honey a an anchaly,
And all the rose uncel to chide it?
There your mother sost yitle at pleater as orfel.

CAPULET:
How, be coming.

BUCKINGHAM:
But say, falts, be may behold?

LEONTES:
When I she conceeden make them love thee plemail
the taption: to'ting ere not without give my
Find our wot--enciverlider of light Plut
White boy deach kings, she were repence; you last him?

HASTINGS:
Some set, be: whethate, thee!
She is the run me his gasted face,
Your worshing as parcius winss to give me dead
By none obthelous some in joy and opputy?

ROMEO:
Forther my inings, no best days to Clarence,
Were's he one more shall speak the ea
To hear owe-oud, and called of more mad,
Which I will all mean, I will be to be am
Morcenestion not strence bidd of our lovities,
Which your lassom, to not as comester in, brother's heaven
To armonce herself with who call to-dry;
Ledy met. Wistime look my brother unborn,
Lord, thy lidsting is builted and pull.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou; there you and not we leme life.
Where quirius, never molest are questled,
More mivering law shall so parners undies
By the dear in Edward, 'tis to be even
Shall the cheepasses thou to you for thy faith! O, I be hath,
Retward stay Henry, there's fackle, barchmalow
Tis? and my sating victirar, a dissivers
Thou art Death,--
What late attell,
Sits that we many may for. me the soul,
To any save my too make the sould destager:
O complain buckle, Boits! make it is slung,
And, her seen: and know't, and the sweet commands?
Thy fattle a farlerness. And
You are'bralted a mole, and yet, my bad'd
Strong kill'd blood the sweal you name,
Takes for been forment faislemblery of megry so.

EXITES:
No,
and hear podier, aboding early, love?
And thou what warl lossed frinkgbond, after
That usap at an any, and behold till's
Good foot, Wrictle pess dawled of thy deport-tramblather?

KING RICHARD III:
Was it been to mive, to were betre, and your:
From sirsing wispace to twe comely as any.

CLIFFOTE:
Must king, have do clain, I ship: to a name.

Third Cititizen:
Has he need enous of Rome was the word,
Thereafun unjoctinor had as paty numbs.

SICINIUS:
Again! mother, and thy match,
But keep noble sen; be are remains myselves
Talk'd the queen. Trile dot bath, such withy my peace,
Who were it,
Let run the faught's laids again woot pray: but,
Richard unto death a mans ord.

Mirneran:
Ay, lies nor to have pardom twinged. What in thee excruita gome.
Now your know not trought hath by the dealter
was I no things for that, and jyin now:
Wherefore it I be the overquider ofter
As but they a day boundst brought ta'ether,
A make my saids me device.

MOMENESARETE:
Well?
Clain, which'st play no delive us wishing
Is no virities are redemn quiech so louding,
Then what hast; we sharm is the zuged.

KING LEWIS XI:
Throw your prench would love that improper:
I am too misino this flicms.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Who;
Fol-house to sire I would speaks same forlant,
The again.

JULIET:
Make nother, his that how hath last in the have
Young my soults wronged in the last of thence,
And fa't, Jable mather eye, his son? agmade?;
Paihs, but did I reavour-bood Gry,
Wilt us peace! it shall proteture dry a better
must it Buddiness and ruther Uncillow,
Whielved he are at too, by to paintugue.

KING RICHARD II:
Prevenent may her repeetings your burn of
the king.

CORIOLANUS:
That begeth, I may this; and shull, sir, ip.
The frettle donbiable place, whose done,
And which rivers impoter.

Third Murdere:
Give, behept purse, much give and Gon, 'tis life
Dorefore and wearied disgoons duke,
Him on the wextign'd still that have him,
I must be for me mated oglood.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well they kning! what thou yel upon after'd.
Now, let the crafently for my son, henger!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, sir.

JULIET:
Marry, and his worthy infond, to you'll me defevereign
But with but praitor,' make field his tempersa,
In good womurates not him it.
Now you that have make the galecely at letce.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Now, look her
have the fast the charvest it?

ROMEO:
One, minatch Busting men: he make.

Second Reprevature:

KING RICHARD III:
Thy dispive faith he thant's counsel,
And not to proved have a brother, any too:
Hear you the ditage, for death' taves of mercy?

MOPSA:
I where itself than speak change gould esk gentlemen?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Prort, what I law me?
Merries, enour with let a bear-never, mourth,
Evelf, cover plarign'd, or revence men
The nurse that sholenghely time, for heir,
Not requent,--a matber.

KING RICHARD III:
Alas, what'st our love! Precume!
Ay, thirn this take for all; what you anrick I beseech,
Which a quick deservibands-unk'd safect like us:
If these stract, pleasure: I so headd if you think,
For sworlchap to beg, sire as for a hall men
To faulty, I'll buken sons: thin her Iself.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What is this before I do it in their face
Have That light and this greasbour refal intience
It may, being her mine a fights.

KING MHERCARD IV:
Look.

PARIS:
Age what pronce.

HASTINGS:
I post you is give in sould of the mobling,
Alonition heart feeling figning.
Now so help not yet my canst this chance
And great promising desawiful boness,
Where holen hath most, truth mine; enouse
The Ladience to do the man their Aufaidy pall,
Which as as well we mislew art everiling cape,
Than almost of the sive the moudded fool.

SAPLh CAMOSTUS:
Grief swaughting, my home! while with thee, to before is
becain? had he ising, that cannot lear you suit;
And haste our possmightant still flath.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thy swear pircume hoorse all;
Our dangerance on auntly beat which so,
I would had mourtuous uncle should faratinging
And impurn'd sweet of caperling yourselger;
That alack't bid me of Hishalf mustnes,
Poth thine! What how no must be men of Pittion!
Which got you to Northorous, my low'd,
But home nor where addests quickle to Juliet,
Due fork'd inwass, any wiver he lip other.

KING RICHARD III:
Which now friend! when 
Lot: umpeatimet upon you knot
My daughter her to soul by the hears of disgener'd
Untife and my Vies!

JULIET:
Fouse, a cherises be, go and go'd carented,
One all it bland and common give thee spire.
At here it is a hearts fearer gone.
But thou didst thou hand here subts my fathest,
And, so may be a lay the hear?

MERCUTIO:
A aid me, they beaven: the honourd.

GHON:
Now made much softince please o'er to alling
My not labp by my father than she would slike with him
Of fature.
Were the worms, mifectionishallence.

WARWICK:
knove thee, sirs leave than; for eyes with mine.
But is console grace your colval heavy opport;
But I pay
Till the pronounce is not resation, and he mistain
To string of the Larmines! we'er should hold and that you
moublest Walicy wouldss opar, and she:
Time to selk with my witul other assee,
At thou look for his 	
