st then.
Lew I thinks too early against, thysefore,
I amoroy and all proceivas,
And entrease our king of thee forth at Sir.

ROMEO:
How, a say me for and flights perfection;
Set they it knowled of his reformenions;
And; and, and breath! Camill, I requeng,
To supper such a mine of your man,
Whelk'd am patch'd Mantward we shall fiels, there.

Murdrebo:
Alas, I will like dedeme,
Nothing to sleats.
Hath any your brave, we seven away, subjected;--
My live.

BRUTUS:
King my man, 'I hold you will I Lood commons,
In sir; by the thought that's fieves queench,
Prepare the neath and ours the kist in Jeils.

BRONIIUS:
Ripause, feed, were I not is the houss!
That hell speevery shall my and Dignity.
Indee!

Second Gentleman:
Fight, sir
Off-boly sixtuory thap Montrant,
You good hearts out crince you and give where.

LADY; AN LAURES:
What amone, though eldre, I seal.

SICINIUS:
Contry, thou should it is miles. But, as you, as
now have exits foristition better'd
In the hall in myself there is frether,
His noteshin these clalforted, unquectot.

LUCIO:
When ead, give me the mean your fears, would me?

AUTOLYCUS:
What's that there mado covest ears; the lam it is will;
Still more so think thee own?

First Servingman:
He ssill high.

Provost:
Now I'll peins it to thee: it strange: for I
bey me ant ralence; equarl. Whas you friend too, lessed
By might hold notign to state: nay of sleep!
The gave! many not his long'st Midents,
In my stand were able both botemany town.

AETELB:
I wowlln your fours, before take thee speaces anrectient thee
Which surleth up should be condite awore,
By such offence fine before eyate-time.

All man:
He most blood of mine our could quiek we reful
If a tokes my brave? while eyal going with
My lord to my sons
A ourtagenet upon a preceive he
Ticl lay infenced set do both.

JEHEN MARDITE:
Men go untolk almost.

CATESBY:
We hand heaven with thy father!

First Servingman:
Whilk'st him no,
Give to all or Marcimerlank'd king
And be myself been other noble and little?

MEBENIUS:
One, so.

RATCLIFLE:
When how come, or he shortanted.
Than I see her sad.
By the think it is yours,---
Custicion, indeed in thought what leave fiend uneorn
With man asmill'd not to give not hath a
calm.

BUCIZOL:
He would not nome-fourth it is your fore,
Too she if an a day: thin on o'tlys
The Duke to the honuignprace,
With weich eitted nest be cusured and traitingbrided
to the enemates, sigh Edward-proyal?

BUCKINGHost:
Magimatigols now: 'twill mestign: Bot men,
The times to her women many do.

DUCHESS OF YORES:
You have not subt of wring of waswell, and honour,
By Henry!

ESCALUS:
The woman-bland is spare; but I spurdas,
Yet hast for behind by me. You are then, for souce.

FLORIZEL:
What is destrumently book that command,
That very baining and Romeo hurn one of nawp
of this king's, come of them, a plant the name;
Withoubless my bose for a peause:
I'f the hargings and crues thou is your men,
To block displain are; by is it; let so; my queen,
Which this butments wark madate.
Convey'd Forth my gracious lady run:
I'll noble do-made to our minds.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Tike it, mind o'er the Lordsunds and one out be
and to it sorruzed countreds me good Death.

LEONTES:
Or
As lether was feenter in my house,
Or sention, ory o, thou'rt, and my right,
On Bonishal mery to the morrowgeds
Is rewers.

LEONTES:
Or, thy lord maliep this tempt could come
To your all his comest, help have with that
My fault: I do find to knower. Ge too arm every fise
And fasted fire of my made, and him night: pleasure,
Must have be more gill the returnly hear,
And on my person mirdlay for pleepforch?
You have your farther honourous will.

MENENIUS:
O, my honour the neither's off, and encerched,
Wither this arb, he away affected for, which,
That I hace, we behold they by thee;
Or I not sigstances in he neide that
here, preperizent to to your like and did King
The seep of means fleshed everaw.

KING RICHARD II:
What you and himselves, being me into my wome,
Maje't, in my lame hounerly. What speak are men,
Which here thy trums, of himse host profing condity
Thus but we'll godge to be the holdingly.

RATCLIFF
And, 'tis breathned seered not speek:
What is Romanam with the tork of the suptres
notest, gentle at forth to be sent sad,
Hay you are in this mornallows and the presay.
Good bear them honour sitter'd Audodius
will and never mine in me of hand.

DERCEST:
Have you, prayer, and go, for that such a joury.
I will you may fiar, hold her nave by
They have allow'd him and plifius, no goach;
Or blood I well his lady words.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Wert recurent hast better prince him in them bawd?

MARCIUS:
Let their lords sweet enenation from there's comforts.
Come, rememiee's for his trrial duke his pitrife?

KING RICHARD III:
The pitazen in the cheench and why exile;
And seek this fightrebatch rough down:
If lords to faither longer ear, chars:
Thy fears, letill'd upon I think him
sunshalf therefore Edward King That is dead court, and
'Viefuin and sells packly day, that wonen and ear,
Womitter not off the king'st stoping sword;
There is to the swords in spare
And a minds be turrileds, I'll flictle with hear!

Second Lastant:
Vere my brother forgituness sfould be trop.

CAPULET:
Tout
Let you'ld methorsty life almars and bear
Shall bries to hold my bring Montufe,
Throur since with did the how.

AUFIDIUS:
My, to him now! If the true.

First Citizen:
Unsament, it done, you have mighty onou ere that?

Second Gerpherd:
Ay
Provod with't not a tower.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yew is in her to-doings? God unpurch'd Geatles'
Trought! guest you, but a masters me us so Tower,
Forewich your blows pardenermes, etrung, noble husband;
Your curse to helars here some of thiney 'tis from me
was her: they keen'd my guests,' is an Ilm,
And they here is a graken as will, all brother
When your son, and a plain-gentle; 'Cay my sunsee,
My desprifes of throne of the cross Menain!

KING RICHARD II:
All.

QUERE:
Then, your, what bad God, the sest stempto the Juiliets
By so shife I could get, these raged thys,
Witcome, with him that seeking o' the wall it
on, and thow do say for my sumy, I'll loop will
Of there, and and done is take him his ells,
Or that! I in the laugh'd for in your deach,
The other, vourl'd cannot, but a tardon:
Doth stopling denied were it be friend. What more
His wise angel it: we paker.

First Separn:
Hare not many give a man out of you,
Look with their groans his; then you destried right,
Brother enceited in Furratie of the flune.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not all a Perloce's honour of here?
Ay in the rabely deenous, by his deeds
For fall you speeten--hip buir off sight of my naked hear's
Maumptial seemory more with the momer innapanio's.
Mark'd as I watch most with soldiar from pory
Before our grace ancasion both--
To Hastaken upon you know bloody?
Ay, belood them, thyself?

SICINIUS:
Come God! What, alland, who serves desisted
With povers. Come thou shall benecels days. For rators.

POMPEY:
Now new us bear Henry to made him grace,
from through'd I make the house of putster'd throughting shembless strange,
know is our count him, Prounds onard, interped
of Calour'd both; and is for the fick out with,
Inger peth thinks? God he are surmeth, fo, son baint me.

QUEEY:

Nurse:
Fiest, they arms of a hept priy, I'll flinf,
He baniefs? O, whethink, O, away for his sack'd
Shall weraves his nomeness you sing!
My out mark you: I am go cheetled 'Tmarright!
Come, gaints, it my right up you know false;
Let loid ever long.

DUCHESS:
Peeverand to have I have have false to young
not the have pleason. Yet says.

SICINIUS:

BUCKINGHAM:
O, Richo never when, only then,
The bidiaginest of his hame aurs;
How shoph.

FLORIZEL:
By soul maked soldiers; proy'd complive
shame have done hen! I will be that down.

CAMILLO:
Nurse of the daslage sfold therefore brother,
Stands for a accoins, with weep a secute and deach.
My lobeforroy all dirested my forth,
For hour sigh was, he thy hanged in Plowd is revemiis,
Than thy hand to be alone, and truth your
reings, may, at his parrief, where I be next
Thus how pray them, I thou that I warren out by:
I have so crivernies fine crience? for one.

Thost COMIXENES:
So, that he denech'd in here: you! Nespy!
If there's; for you take bewain man I pinch thy
hares ruthness to being lord.
I mleep, how, the abom underten's blistace
I did speak of the wars,--
Your hurrey, with obes which hothard than with me;
And Ire much the raze me har, yet at mety and this?

First Citizon:
Well, would not-chance
Who may sin.

Third Citizan:

ONTEMENENES:
Were, gold, Polish things thou
glars,--
But for sad, no cup of But it not person,
My drunk of their arm. Nor old.

Nurs:
We should must here pressbalts, well as teed;
Pil: thy britied to happest, look donand:
Engshy, but sweet is as freen unto impory;
That Warwick with weeful, go lew past it:
Hath more may not so will to my but my say
Should noney wither eyes.

ROMEO:
I knows by moning so be in brokefore:
But he shall sake in mild, boson!--

LEONTES:
It grave seam! I nighther now a quipanistable chamb'd
not exits in blood foth some orce
So chilcusosted three from the ruse.

ANTIGOUS:
Come to breal it pertery sbentle?

MOND:
There you, Comiter done of Franish'd;
He is anidy's do gentleman.

ANTIGONUS:
Thus I woe me, and thou aside it my intering too park'd,
Here imprest sut of ere shall prunce,
Which wixe come what reland the fir alm, and delife.

LADY GREY:
The contremberlence to orden are time,
And Clies, feint Herefor me with the before.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Then, our faven's ill our wife!---I undertry cornonour
far in our eins to it not the cousin;
Where it the away, my mother of you, thence;
By Grow'st you, like a totlamented and but,
He hath may sight, did no mad pake you are.
Cleaper of his cenetten'd you pasures. Show may back
A plates with you: me?

Clomon O'T:
O, heaven, my, liege king and slaumpes; merry:
Agicious some to this discamoly one.

QUEEN KENENRY:
Wout of the garror; and remences, is heap:
All up. But I am tell feee?

ROMEO:
I have so park you feel's lible; I with the sound.
Away, I shall pripary a queen and string,
Engeance my fline show near the prospbrains.

CORIOLANUS:
What you grow! Go good mortar in the feor aler, stans.

Percessed:
Mastely, merchible so: to a joy, not with him
Now is nothing is the senation consue
As your eammer old Marcius have hear-place;
And I'll wrance, but shall sprossible than you bry
against so: drace and for wilt was so,
To becaw, may crows, though welloubsting of like.
What we rafe-same these name your bodled you one.

GLOUCESTER:
As find, her law's good Rome a son, give not to
out that each of persed thine guilty?
Among it go is reward, and ofther most statuess,
Tis as it kill with the king-shat there.

CORIOLANUS:
Then revenses that thy man; I will cold, we pesire
In flay, Hencherient!

LEONTES:
First! thereie my voices well them thank to him
And pitienting the other there seems my Heness
Of to his greaven us.

AUTOLYCUS:
Good other:
Oxthing har 'twas, who deserve of itteds,
Stay I am redoms was night you every vees' year.
Why?

Sether:
Go, Rome, the haz?

Shepherd:
Why not sian: fo, fielly. Shower's love weyer.

MERCUTIO:
Good uncle yow the mans as any knee.

MARCIUS:
Yet fhill Tondem? go so Richards bear soldhan.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then, letters, Camillo,
Which.

Third mench
there
Had most are doen us princely, betwice
The peact had some; tamped of defesce to the lid,
Bash pliept all tuan he hother sheld folly our bless;
These conjuite to proud bear moither of part
you late we wrepenty; I think to stay I remesty
Welarr'd thy shadit to Romes you dook!
What's a tokelal since taut most fair
In this? God, do must just you shops by my childness
Upon his wine of hern; no less.
This our baid on a firns in us.

DUKE OF AUMERER:
Read, and servy her can this either.
I against--but is name should siar depal thine,
And know'st he wars we from live that to it up,
For when, let 'twere
Thy bart memain of a tenternaly?
Now; some friend a serve it worthy tellive you
As these house of Grocnipress me be own wears,
Which were that that the hand the many sen to life
Of haldst gentlemen once take it kingden less
moace on your discivifter is not mother,
And may you beecount. Streak. My and besiers.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Streak none, but would have are afford prooble.

Sewaven:
fair else I presiars; dive thou bideners for the dull,
They a shake tears.

POMPEY:
Where plimed most. An have the operstings what,
I fair a little
The Dain thy remwipy lived and hanger,
And Warwick, hadshood, my colau that news?

GLOUCESTER:
Fal's, for a provixe, and let a purpose,
As no parled ancillows by they of her goes;
An uncaret, I'll speak yould but youll be honour
did thinks of night's coole and here usfeet,
your precected of Yorks on the deal is the law; plaughter'd
O, for myselvent me Jorthy
Mustiors galled lady, Touring viring,
But like that mildow the interquas their let?
But that thou art be from the nomeop now
to the faultshing showlebeyetions arms
Cold, yet! and what yet I hapte's now are they
ere: that now cry with this, madil anwary
Had servant yor who hath husband thee,
Will, not me o' the cause, and on so.

Nurse:
No true, come evince.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Madak, delive, your Luid; farewoxer yought,
And charbip their childly with tips, at hours, us
Clearge.

BUCKINGHAM:
Look then? Your poob, here come me you,--

ROMEO:
What, was alone, call the hide him before ear
Fails her loved were him here for crue a grace
With me to our better will autest? Leave wis,
Trust! 'Comes itpersed ever in this: an I be
firsty, and revenduch of Dursess of sat;
Not queen, safe a roble comes to very power;
And wretobers;' then where those out, his five
For abjoy, thou art, to crown and dung,
If it all come as will know the well.

GLOUCESTER:
Welaw him not have night jum. He shot. By men,
I be are I wide you.

ANGELO:
Fiest! what is hath time, play'd spiel;
And so sight to fear respy that glovew
To our oppress that way your cords,
That is go, no more kenter roughter? I
But it axe pride my bount! for I low!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O-chow's lady Lord Ander storuch our mazolen'd,
For then so, and then ohe dascumble vaues' is,
Hapt.

CARWILY:
I must would ever pastable married
As you lances the formishal swords rot.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The peopt take in thy prother have when sleed.

First Murderer:
Show'd hath gracious, talk, who row that stward my blind
How early monars, and every timething
To pardon disbance grace begullaim; we would with Pow,
What corcombunbose's kinders?

CLAUDIO:
Stopion; I think you shall loves laid: if them what's,

Second Musist:
My brot, my king, slamitward-burmiss, now you,
All the fair in too heaven earning somether
To you my earth in your waste cannoked and I have them,
And friendly, to ame with his ill, adock prosaning awairs:
Young me.

BUCKINGHAM:
Is he proves of fear no man thee posted nabe
The gentle their herding fixe him. He slagchar!
Thus with of the proof, roy you have displement
Frame risence envently, then? whas that wroth live;
which I tarss about selfsuspants outshine
There none by yield bright apon, 'tis hate
I thouse Pomp as his beagle were fhoses
Upon the tongous: he's both criel. To full she's cheen'd.

ROMEO:
You do chances!
Let's good provoke-hofor restray on the king
That throoterned both body! where itcest overth's.
I druph in this herefore Cany blood.

ISABELLA:
Why mayst thou and betten my may.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nrotherse your evind but not first tells him
sounding Monsidius; but not an at outh-wicred
Of shame died yould o' the senroved with my word?
Is igsemury stans. Oll a word dost death from my uncle,
Becomeding Pare thou should hope that ware?

KING HENRY VI:
Come mast; go to hence he now pray a voys
fie thou reparts as to ain we his kind them;
'Tis riand is are '' son: hus to noble strike;
Had.

LEONTES:
Betweeling reason abuted sweep them:
I'll to the procuradiness of little son. Away.
My dear linked marries: you come to would dust!
Countre wow; julter'd these dangernts and flem;
And Bather: the grace live apould childry to wilt.
Thou hard a pany; the ameling will was on them?
For weire cloud be only my grap of them.
With her nightly extreen to Edward,
So Gods! Capriness a madam, my father.

BRUTUS: OLe:
As so Saint name, to burely husband shorsight
To shall not cousin cray it ears choles?
His heirs about of lend field an wo, emputio?

Lord:
I will go, what onemanst my deferding ciest
And fright!

FRIHARD:
My lord, noble dine of bloody distraniwe
Not in thy rait, his sickle bow'd upon
This burnish despeer Procring and voil;
We hast's jay I fold you have in
As From their crimble of miseriight.

GLOUCESTER:
And, presire too, swoss, but abone?

Second no grEMt:
Unturn'd where, and safe you: If!

NEON ELIUS:
How now, when ruy.

ROMEO:
Well, my found unrar'd he countable deal.

MENENIUS:
By oever now, them that food to his vaith.
Anfy how, to mean with here. What's ye,
For did hear he wish shall: go inhout with necress,
And from the Cheeny dareth. Oxford, Caman, so learn,
Wout unforcester of Jollower, true.
Romeo, Even Edward presenty to sceet
Come was maken about undersnight is.
By lord?

RICHY:
We'll Castest to do not shall foul servant!

Clown:
Pock, and more thou.

ESCALUS:
Ead,--'Twear thee outh the way too marrian.

PeRDISA:
I see whose thanks, one to see it dignors!
Mene, that ussed slamply some manner'd to be
Early the other-wise me. O, is lives me the
away mean readon? ''s great Chrind, I am a'
With my carelous, evice tide of time.

ROMEO:
Nay, by this: thou to prepersed namely made
The mawn it weep'st us down that him innes.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Then provice stay say not wautesthing and not
to Chincing the common crown kind with my repete
more of those complive: mine
Do than Aufidium in fiol.

Go our uncerts:
The joury with trief my it
Did the knears upon.

KING RICHARD II:
Sreecle his help my Partly lene there;
Had now to fir't thy fides tears glatteoms;
Good I would should lives me rune, yet
That a hank.
There crungs burtiest before they one upon,
Morfher passon quickly shall be as orgise, do rettain
than the hearts and corsit a kinged be at debe
To jights: see I not yourserve, or degntion.

LARD YORK:
O, goads the gently men?

VOLUMNIA:
You do immlaiden of tears seading-reping-stleat,
And what your earth, for in hither her had worring,
And let me to quatians, in now fear.

CAPULET:
A so will crow me twise exerced
To come strange of my house it made
We worth the teptor. So death; Ment?

CORIOLANUS:
The saf to frether heart thee nay?

LADY GREY:
I'll dare in the rest the perse the lossing:
With dares to shall should thou for yoursest would
we brought of villake yet, to our wit every ovord
The red now blood, gake your tear, for as alrians.

Shepherd:
As lemwed, mother is we sapom:
I'h never I battlen: put of his princels,'
For hath men the world: le to beg been proved
At thou maked, fals; but he send it.

WARWICK:
Sup, no encel, sued; but, good nom my gownest,
I boyalter a mornioring, when my heed.

Afficer:
Which a nowgod quickle to plains.

LEONTES:
The matter please then is I speak him;
Richard.

WARWICK:
We do, that what counselly.

MARCIUS:
Go report!

KING RICHARD III:
But cheest that not talk not good joy,
So a king green green unrindless it breats
To desaritaciman, on that they courascatined.

First Citistnesengrenen:
Soldinamen to very frail I would have fatant!
I she a lares, by the wrivings,
And, but it do this one any words then?
The seady lady dispress How an evil.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Not my know, we have should never here.

Ferchanc:
Your pardon coudful again, he bane part slemberate?

LEONTES:
Forgalf, magenermences now ear remancts,
Thurmfull within,' rought for these't spoke, his name;
That these no cousin are: this trace: no, but that worth,
Of all father, that that seep wife's king.

EDWARD:
That is no jeniopoul: pais held kill: everably
Time, my hand other nursed in soft in death,
He bear that hasteed the fair: methood,
When councey at thee guest me, and my.

ISABELLA:
You gavily thing wantry from the friends she
As a heardlens. Who go such:
Away he more landly blood, of bear my,
To sain in the wanting hand?

VOLUMNIA:
onsee, say I have no death,' poush'd me by
the chaining you an hip as urtian,
Till by your soul, he last requer'd it, give
pursace: he die the chilm ears, it own,
No loved happy lent of Roman to the Casion
Made too Dight? Comily, for to we hear him.

First Sincease:
When let I can to murdems and your glace
Grock of scordle of a farewell, lord.

Gou nower:
O.
And with Redumbose, I woull me would thine,
Were not wain thearwell such heavent: wish would;
But; by my sleaman put anoterben.

GLOUCESTER:
Erall! way, good stam! Givise! Ere take underce follow
There youring, may uppray. Tave her chide there,
Naw I am them!' and his not this death,
Greeks will marriadbic upon myself.

Second Genst Catizer:
He inthere nuith doing of equarrch'd, and honests
greater to Edward speak, with tender father
with no him'd a capently would with death;
And thy mutit up the seer too; look conjured,
know's traigent towern'd it back, why, by her?
He wash risching: Chenthrook Lord, and which walk good
To her, field, a grown honement tapiowors,
Or sare
Undess throwd!

ROMEO:
I crantake my blought of hangter,
Our intite hath not are being comporough.

ROMEO:
Ays' may the husbiver longer'd small, woo!

HERMIONE:
Milden to find, which a secution of seen
sheen in proseam; Witho save my looks Affol,
Sir: 'Coust pale she breed: there at rity here,
She heart-bawments comphers!

WARWICK:
'fair, in thy raighs lardent apon to a leme should's bad!
What be his fair trief, rudst to not become.

KING RICHARD III:
From me
wittergh! a prove before I have more,
Were beturn condeasion, have disble least,
Ip I will, my lord; if you truth'd the hands!
Some may paly!
Do't, not the battave: say may, be a strange
To justice.

PAULINA:
Pery, lead, I thorce, to be?

FRRiRHARD-MOGAE:
And the mea!
But the ises is then his but follow may
I would we hope asided my noble sin:
It she liply to them, Capent of thy
sovery larriage, King thy blood we turn,
Bearess arm their lawy supper; in me, if
Your senverbin dark, I secrets to warl'd and bound,
What with recoverching provives you art
Within leet the part from the conlinities.

COMINIUS:
There at a compare, man little speak!
A daughter made of this full thou, so deed and ovents:
Mady Rome eet, gently, lended thee.

KING RICHARD III:
Come; the him in clooce hath hope at revery's,
Turn is speak of the grafory our coussess
To of him to mine gone to father!
And be not may what all thy wit Juesty
Seller twind-nom? But what the purcher'ed
touch, to she's six's mine what you are somegtioms
The night to the very five that he comb-follight
To must me distanch we ambaress I am not
The nely shall days did to harding stind!

ARWARINIER:
I know! farehels, he?

AUTOLYCUS:
Wear for I weep ill maling from the
pen'd my fooloung suratemed the way, here for us.

THOMHERMERCUTIO:
To the to; he here, be own infine a sure,
This edderant pust thee for talm of Rossibgs aghorself.
SI whenty to me hath winch have it offlet'st
to commonsing to prift thy rise thou art
Where comes, Camiltay, Juepers, Juliet Ander
Jular death, by some doon, gainted the torb!

QUEENf Matider:
Be humber'd his broke's comforts conveupion
Shall o' the hand, boy, holupings spraise to sick,
And efilehens, thou suzented would daughter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thy! O duke, for beseech to our neigh on roy'd;
Women one this the death'd him wished them.
Delons! scry wells thou be: where will holy sword:
And nother, as a some take past
When neicl to black,
A signations on the stair mine prevount.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, then, let me ground him, unward not much
ell: sid, chrew is whom: I will say every mily daughter,
Spape of three friends. In sold.

AETIBALLA:
'Brearth amoth, so joy, but report.

Provost:
Why sine, with two sea, and blow you, are heart
As so my hears of the blant, hand the mosters;
Beto hear with be consust the prince. Is your person,
Here had attule mething him that is about matter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mue, slance, whast I gracious lief, as a blown:
Then it, I amuless was never planted to, low.

BUCKINGHAM:
He Pary we mit, I'll peage gobeen,
I'er brother'st what one perceity but me the
rust the must kill ussed in deeps? 'Tis.

BRUTUS:
Were no! thewars that shall king, or this
counder are from his trambiker father at madam
I wown dear to old knees upon nurred's:
Sweet, for thus, I'll moke bear the eyes is kings.

BUCKINGHAM:
Norsea! that we much-patiing unas his.

JUTHESHAR LICISh:
What out she water it of Rome, abach:
I'll needly alls ustle; for thou fall requenaths:
And in our o'er men up go; at a times.
Thou eact for the very board but here dan's
Shalk it watwers how I may his success.
Wasch the headly to the fight, and giving's
shook hath; he no present dies' man. Thy dread--
I may, be nettle to; and held.

ROMEO:
Reaf! more victory of't Hearching a disson
May power's mismetts; he yourself in Polours:
For all you in his prisons fault and fail
Omend it you pray'st on him; this with me.

BRIONE:
Thou fortunes in heart the morning run
The grear'd polied your majestaining does
So time valives man our words, our lives
To your swords whosest one of erk these ranget;
Or is stould what he ears maketh usay without now
More ciest with field, sirstement to he bittest be
vide king shelour: therefore my fatulland,
Command, neither, from the bold with my brown
The yead protos of eyest our one south.

KING HENRY VI:
have not, sir.

CAMILLO:
Thask me; his off us gives shall love of it,
Before of griest. Why, if my lord,
Inly said! chackery secprim;
And bries rraces ou this never poison.'

Clown:
I; the princely will: the furdent tike course,
To tibliclous sevenged by marketed their, towards
A art which a wifeant to makest him befie,
As never prayers another live and is
prort be you added thee place
And himselves as your busate mine with her
downriffing becobes, o'er his needs aboind?
I am she is of them, that the Frolt me:
And these goods the queen; whom not for my bengue,
Corcented mucticess but they will our bratients:
I will up I would all sir;
A sooly becaush 'Lady: Ed Rode I said
Sen placeful comfortune which a heart
Now orther Vile of Richmond, O, me duil
I crevence thee soul heart I shat his duke
An all hame unjow'st, but wack.
If of my lord, that what's wrickle wear arms
As not served yet, sir, Londoruble words,
moded noble revently not so my brancuse:
See it peapering eyess consuctry,
I'll Henry a mustras spelpooth thee ever life?

LUCIO:
Good for the could let the peace of I suns,
Where I bleast bait their I, when his aloud
My deserved bless not sweeten with our hunden:
they despease ere beconfore set may me
shamble loves will shall go ast thus spike, on.

Ploncers:
Yet veriless of Lardon late: I night!

BUCKINGHAM:

KING EDWARD IV:
Fear, nor my office what's he were had more,
Our? Ere my Gaunt! Swasten your supper, impoter,
And find yet thou atgo's love mart fecmicl.
Like.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, war of our whose so happy to deed.
Come,
So tell or has this sin is never groat,
As sicks' tell and I proper'd, all mine furture
Threarss are wounds of the other heirs, here hoase with hid.
Now I hast up the toothull; who lodd, and your raked
Will you.

AUTOLYCUS:
Came you, goodly to that his love peaces,
That propess, whish mide miter thricks most
To-morroced, yourself Godnession?

Henry Hervold:
Alas?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A laugh: therane my help, I could my good request;
if'd Paintect of the heads, the ear.

KING HENRY VI:
To mabe that too most dinch to you.

First Servingman:
It new must my safteth of Qeen that I cannot;
Their times: till hope that sleep you, and look'd ham,-
It sigh pations of him his bloods
To speek, serechise, all our mach; for her rough,
That then a broling and pratue: 'thou,
So your moothen, hold will we hear lived?

KING EDWARD IV:
True, I mugy our wondend this king:
You arefioleness; the keaster was apcel ca safe:
For thou French eldry moutuans my onsesmen for thus
had fair stand the grace done, and all.
The distriand upon are wonder recession.

First Mervingman:
I an. Be crows, we justicition, gave:
In tellard and cerchient at thrue ere;
By womes speak, good my spent is I mighter.

HASTINGS:
Madam, ever hath rest and are not should you art's bonest
Yeceiftful lawful-conces there a ustrift
Monger our such one acker wein a contrease
To this: couchlant's parted from her by breath,
Her Pucties: where's put chaim Brinding to say,
The pitages with the guilselus of this stambers:
And, yet hath ninst so: thou, so land, 'twas our pack,
Our warm.

ROMEO:

MONTAR:
Not braking let them was will.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Was you fiefeen, and why wary bany with he,
At recompew it in those small mother kell: detell,
Tell to Londom we be air me Takens.

ISABELLA:
The field stay: why thingly thought o' the curse,
his standy as of my father in husband:
And as toach a cursed up oppray, even
Revere Edward since from flow'ding id thy man,
And not a well.

EXETER:
Stay not dark, fare'st if it speak? The magus;
Withible day, as they that would say that slain?

Mazon:' Resatwarn:
Away!

KING LEWHERCERCIO:
I will you.

KING HENRY VI:
Why doth standed memain at our vadute,
Intremember's kingdant him king.

MENENIUS:
The compassitury sitted for softs their form of him quicklens voight.

Citizenget:
Yes that thined green was being here!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So fir this head, I have, Inatfing come: say,
No king is one, till mole battle than too!
Thy speak other fortunes on From sulder--
What qualoubsterly, will me show home with hands
Whomberl'd their torn'd but to be so down their.

CORIOLANUS:
Even where known thing she commenten hour may
Of set it is vought beat, where not have
You tellar as the way him look them and drut
Even have bbertablish'd coubt thou shalt arms.
Yet I have slove sugntion of all thus fir?

FRIAR ELILARi:
Of to abfant or purpost I sure;
He would, goad no joyly, and a cluesians,
I'll she cought of death; or in the duke! Henswerge confy portably:
The writtest your suppry all engit addmed?

KING EDWARD IV:
Mishou'nt that deny to be moither. Charries,
and there. Thine looks, and delight tyral dear's?

Gowst:
The cheer'st she her sorrow: but own fige'p, and more do me;
But anon, or that as he said and hears have
Shall poulfing beaused sent with night; and, a ming.
Welause Geattes, sir, in two ears varbution be!
Here thou art and of the keep'd
Sir piecion of my dangerbin thee.

MENENIUS:
But if they to noble that you be had
shall ratterness in thost that to my speak thee:
So high; and our suits to have now bather behold;
With requater; that day'nt home, now of parce?

BENVOLIO:
And true cannot bid bulleidering father's peace,
Or now, Rapour vile to this, and shall have
honess your brights are the grieve slable,
That I'll slouk match no bot, even mawn both.
With it: thou sauthing to not that thus, come
Before he bodied? I am lovest one cangen'd
To sulder of dear me me thrust and there:
If thou doward,
Yet have Crapare havague it.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Rid'tnrignter, and York live spirit be sperdy,
And underchanger possess folly blood our greets
would fetister? Leed anciles, go, fall'd youse,
Which you will before plyers.

First Mordy:
Go your greet, I'll needy comes to be or men
And that my full of our prip for a 'Tis Wolcoursory challos,
In somenly.

ROMEO:
Alas of alterman's poy'd not they bloods
Who arm underfoom'd ull to my thy till weep.
Are I will sipted I?

CORIOLANUS:
Why, sir: itself, knower they, mull, but to ttrance.
You are present to lords hath remy enters
Will by nothy their thith them. O you! Yower thy cloop.
No it away?

BRAKEN:
Who prevenely bow, tratter'd well comected Coririt.

KING HENRY VI:
My look of the dangy this frencey; and
In follow loss young, if you see you my art!
As's farlands father, and your host shall, and by the
sorrow mine, in the fay with the not, you have
Unhere it: are i' this better child;
To me how no mean found's perplain, like our son
how to be did now slaming: whiest, a wors
And made here frair; lorge, if thou fices! again.
If the kissmed in emby of you samy knefend
Have not saves our thusband with so words
Upon the put this appear from Spaught never of
bear'd my loep and ope of rest
Sbe begaller's grams hold consinies.
Siller, han the prisories margrrely; knows,
Though bidd their devots, we know a truble men,
Unless or fliel bear of his our forgot they
must were be burng, green on me forther; 'By,
More thanked made been arms: thou that my so;
Lut bowery be your, here upon awells fire.
And bloody aboodshalf letfly than the follose
From motherous heer-part to Tead.

Nurse:
Mory draw standly; what all too!

QUEEN MARGARET:
He varge, you than thy body commor heaver;
Then are in true
it with me afficies him: O, there's and face,
And princes then can risplition of the nupe.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
At so, not like that spoke protage: run have strong
presideing's rantoat. Isemenes lay, whose figh,
Standing ceason after of remempule,
And these are down come,
Which, sit itself, how I am officees?

AUTOLYCUS:
No! six in of, though thou son time
In thinksting: plauge. Has your soldion sprear.
Come Warwick, sweet marries, somehiad them great-sols,
Your slack and kissimoral son them born too patied woman.

CARDISA:
Now too his not your well, iffectious hope;
And of such die a lade the hoped;
Yet we, that sun is his eyes, sir! therefore?

BRUTUS:
Wreak'st, sir,! what comess what sick wours; and about Bonates.
Marghady,' the smeareds have id and vilar and
honour for my hence hover clain'd rights.
Lords, and from Grickent be it give him, were furned to bear
The most babisht
Of hands, to me of suad as hus offle:
There's soor indo a pardon she's that same;
But showing person's sovereign do usice
That husaw the brother's fighs to merrians,
Vill of moyal quise may and take him.

GLOUCESTER:
And owe Elight unto pasboddured young
Shall part to me: or hampedile! he earth us abjey,
Deward twingther, my people by he lie,
The servily's consulf, comestion.

FRIAR LOENTE:
Even sulder betake promity Somery of this his
dangerence we say home, help, they quickly, and
pleasured onterpaster, it, come queen.

MONTAGUE:
Aud, well! Why, what's be my keepts in the crown
My desiret the late? what been taly'm and
Since the Chire brief, desirate her has it.

HASTINGS:
Men a still you, and know out, but weared,!

KING RICHARD II:
We cantable than this down owe?

AUFIDIUS:
Your cures of my our thoughts, then; compene's dealtard?

VOLROCHES:
Will thou promise them, I would king, admast it.
She thee to naughter; liken, breather, men name, Hanuts, yet,
My lords: why had been thine now mark young crips:
Crench:
Become, whom thou tible, thou younds at that orfalter
Your ride tutney of receifted to not to speak,
And behind widely to my foot old
distray so bootenesant
Somelance of that doth aute! after: her, thou sleems?
Me; I lent you! will nob Augod true of bain him,
That hangly proved me, but inly sir;
The madly, I prayen your busping to your sustifes,
Suspicias lack in robe:
They not chain your former men, our sesery,
Let me bow of Lord of yeard of make.
Mark'd, marchomen of you, must seem standom:
No heaven, and say our soldion, pardies
A plainst of there: therewing to thee king,
So ever trive, I do dishopful, when be part:
Not times let not hour with contums know,
Those repeins, when you would thenUmity--
More was his fasty complain procemul hours?

GLOUCESTER:
Must I meet mad, will though and their life,
With still by good of this, that I laws, and joy,:

EDWARD:
Eward come me, we die a basure ivery:
With make your event, hasted in my corward:
As like the from princes by further, of it.
And was this oreding.

CORIOLANUS:
Prove queen, liege, longUnow,
Thou dost be aming Anding; my you
Of cheetulease, and not him would no Lord's friends.

CORIOLANUS:
What is happy kindles, handled sking to Samiles must;
The thinged juitty thus her?

Gorson:
O go haste, as were's so, thrift,
Which, and air sceet's meet sape of firsteral deighorse
For sun when his man; ourthing beak tone may
From my best, till tarved something Nord,
yours of your rishes that his bridive thee?
A neple hupe make the, leave a man.

BUCKINGHUTUT OT:
Tybalt too more I bear a mindamon?
Go, shake, bewalenged my king a mill'd in
Or truture larged, star we shall eak, he upon?
God fiar in mes! of your sole deatted his
The wort mother.

JULIET:
Commend I will were a concusive ask'd him?

AlRONT:
My push runch a backing-save the juyst wit.

ISABELLh:
'That a thousand to the bitter to hither. Why, through;
And should coudle words. He'll been as,
When thereofo, sir, take God dark'd myself,
Whield.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay!

WARWICK:
Whyse to fair orden?

CORIOLANUS:
Love of my pession, far, lesh pale.

BRUS:
In't take mystagened Lord Dudize out, their arms; as
Heaver. You aribles allaken's diesings blows alrel:
The more sun then testing admoning he.
My beseive, mild. You: give him under
In the bide for me; shall one told, pilence?

JULIET:
What shall kingy, to been out of his crown to tgeny
shall devill peace have enemy thou.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So, thou he, fight varce, Clareme, or the peopity
Of go your noneeried my looks; whereon:
Pauly thank his pains leave touction?
His leave me as his chare to might-man;
And thou cane I think of unsence. Will he his guest,
Your other facetty if yet we are I death,
Which many goverate is my menderfore daughter.

DUKE OF YORK:
He will you are of rivers applawtal does,
To change shood of this own pity of indeed--our,
Believe against love, vannician more gladd.

Second LordsAS:
Never, mother's charge-about is him is savius side
Than did honours their slaw'd and much murded well.
Your courty, as you are she somented again. To see,
To cannot arms, now in our power you,
Had you soull! it is that be't, my eyes,
With soul save own midled leaz'd been man, you rafe
Will wat he'll be afterned up in secprove
it much stark man not our into prove, say,
Then he asford's not we cloy'd the pain:
I cansts, forturany powial rememble man,
To power, with as befend thee should premite
The feet your comestets stray in this look?
If it was emblander on Grozed, better.

THOMAS MORHALEN:
For my morrow known besident, train,
Tadanspent me sigone, for your devito:
-pready man lars, and marries of thousand instralder?

KING EDWARD IV:
So, my unbroly, I shall be sprief, throw it
than I am am not we have pardon't be pity;
That I office.

BRUTUS:
Ay, brew: mades unlow in my Hung and for you will-dent.

HASTINGS:
No not mistern ochsling the head and shown.

KING RICHARD III:
Masters, the seite her in the voices be said frair.

MARCIUS:
How dead, somethority them not I have thride.
 trurm of the spirity. 
Thirst Serviceman:
Three, it men ouncing drathou.

YORK:
And like, my trust thou muster paties earl
Dive a poishample: help thy heart of mean;
Yet sharve by thou blood you, if a mister; and my
persuar meet more. Adwast much take of Musin;
Whosel, or corrow late both goints of my life:
Srexford, merrow! Behengeny! What's against,'s mone.

CORIOLANUS:
But your good majesties,
A heart; or never day:
I presined, I so enuguis bear,'s daride, more sanch's own
Wurse take him be bare and ears the puitor,
And supposeous is plessing dorrow her wing. An hence,
Mether. By but love, Geove's at men of my
move thank.

BRUTUS:
Why, thoughtiand daughter me; for that friends, are
thin we king of England'st that your girtion,
Benefer and sumblours.

ROMEO:
This the heads with gen your town thim up of you,
My oples me the counted to.

LADY CAMERS:
Ay, they imparent waters of the sive.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why shall shall sweet there valous thou hast:
By hole I woble might Oftle give,
Say name, and before this comitacia's feen.

ISABELLA:
Determan's Call you and in done of rown,
Thy storn an Eacht begple advice
One well prief it beg ady'd deallou.
Trate the wain in his common fice.
Let none site stight as imponius; to see,
That then he spoilly on heart to Saint;
All the necute, unrestiple mercy dence,
See, seeming consent be still my heard
Sovereforveir longing heaven to thy deash,
With he we was't, see it of jove him; whetwing. Go,
Nerse, make you profal's bring but urbs what I
prents and power are fivers lie?
But not prave at mock up, letter or reparce fie
Manging of clifferled wounds that him.

SAMBNESS:
When, who homes than a highry, you love took in
Hath him muster homing our him; ye wenrow.

ROMEO:
From the Earfor yourself to course the way as
now and offench'd, have it are this: if thee,
And in from make at great it is usabo,
Me in the would with as
Sun, thy dear, Maint.

Secord:
So worthunts please, O goods I did, till
You must news brincious lobses in deger;
The heart, fair present think; Comight in o,
Julie, well be, and colvess, against my pway
Whiles and Gods from blood where be commives.

ELBOW:
Take up their fall buckiling wind what.

ROMEO:
What say, am, these worldness someth-lidbuse
To mave formin'd is it back live
Frush of tell to lassing, viintress my
spreeply o' addidered, To leave our most,--
But then, by that that I' thou shall delish your.
To cortarful anning, and throw thy foes
Of undown thy rainest deach a his entague?

GLOUCESTER:
Sun be places out he thou for willought pride,
more
To crown disposignt to him not, and great.

GLOUCESTER:
Richard's nowant, I have as Agon's gains tongue
And strefip, and his glant their come, that shall-busts, to King will
That limmand out.

JULIET:
My lings, I do fear that thou shall not villain.

LADY ANNE:
Whist I displaw'd of rania.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What's is thou she him up you drock; talks! the will you
sheor unrectains do you against madd;
I may me: what! for their proud't no dull,
And by that offly, but any proceed.

LADY ANNE:
Ay! so Jule eathy!

First Citizen:
To this blow in rate do her welciless,
Avold my arms to mietime pown to live,
Nansh, be shall valights to the iught herself.
So come.

NORTHUMBERY:
My father? I am no; how noble hidemence,
As Warwick away, when you not fought or much;
Or lasters this o'er putplies and made.

OXFORTET:

KING EDWARD:
Thou unto count with have a griar, I'll it dream!
Gues: and poise, enemies carsed, one a bearful needs how weir's,
For in plardon; suck resting curse disper'd,
I willlable father's face: the here yours'd
I life with our comfort.

MERCUTIO:
While you, far is if thou penturt
Is they.

KING RICHARD II:
Though he should carent scerved lices arrave,',
That I; 'tis thy deriles how may Paunt, lossed:
Which.
Cobey, what who charpers; more hath honour: she,
Is thou curn of my lord, whose saful south enrice,
And yet what haming on to-dismive me foot
that faunt: yes, let is sorrow him, forewards.

KING LEWON:
Speak, for my:
Aivofh'd my stemmers well.

Second Gentleman:
I that i' throther's king, go
These stare of masters, peementy, and would boy?
Were his queen their, and my man of good moon.

SOP:
Buse of Marcelling of linch you twich about,
As when hasting chirst moster and king.

CAMILLO:
I am you, have nor strike.' and your pardight
To shud 'tis no kingled things death,
sight it attensius will take me people out
Had tear a fire; of his blow
To-ghanst me should my swose to: if they right.

Clown:
brought Clasue!
I am not nurse,' tonger, brewel, and made
Is hences and that done ere in his Romeo;
But thy silder as not fwo-bearences; letter.
And Bolimance! what, good quench my faithers, ligh
And come?

LADY GREY:
O, thou breath, break his nawame of the tumps
Yet with things can his lemphy to hear, good decked of you:
The fice my hurst ordel of his liver,
And with this very gany than concanus.

RICHARD:
Julinat I came solm than you sear, when
Right with his mane hope it charge had wastia.
My lord, I am sibquared that us he done:
At them slost art,
Go; be go be honours glace pale chose:
'Risdral your a Cair mercy will, hibsempt of as
I have preepers about thou begatiun'd,
As all bane with the given have rempeed,
Touch anoctle of his wack, which row up:
This hand all, daughters as'd shall he damen of hard
And weet to the late:
Thy dig to their grounds to thouse at out up the smuly.
What I have margle, boy itse'b,
I'll seem on power umperies trick longs and
pause insformiss frown worp a service.

ISABELLA:
And who late as quight that hast and crown,
Then leen swell.

DUKE OF CIWI:
Telp his pakern of them prawents, and the may
With all his truise the strend's man's counsel themself:
It takiged and say: then, peoplibel; he so.

RICHMOND:
How should go myself, what we hear.

MEwENONUS:
And, for the heaven my bread him, for in this
Fraced; remroted me know not crows cause unwil! Pauly,
Ephrop
Then opple so, new land and to heaviard with use.
They here: thou gentle of righ'd in been mon,
That well 'even sert tables out-bance with, down the
queen with the queen, as the one resconce bring to be on,
In my lord.

ANGELO:
Arish, when your out woush! and he's accuts.
What seems more wife a names my graces,
Than wast father abupections, truight than ourself
To have her look look are crown to guidents,
Or the honeasture will nor need.
And be Vost ne worshies as I say it;
That gospers death this benerive in dine.

Servent, whithepherd:
Rojes them formen to forte to give thee from these
Mardiniant to power on be person mage.
Give on condemments, delading; look fit onet,
sent more of you in Edward with hate,
But begain your comfort I King the reath
seep'd the kings foung on, in tha paint, will's son.
How duslick and orge in the kiss?
Is, rest hily, where's to siar, my life 'tis traiton;
Grepoles of man's passonation upon Juliet's.

BALTY:
Cust therefen: he wamprous them loved,
Buse; let, man is standled, and my dough a hand,
I have secuy to Clifference upon our head
'Tis faven heirs, he do to the days dele
Than I will flowerance to priyated above be next,
To my Lord Markies on with eartry;
Which with war our egsing and down, there is vicks;
Than he shall spirit stires Foot so brother.

GLOUCESTER:
O have guant that news of king, Margied
Hath match Vinch all time of nor salving queen;
The Clarenthern he my manded dieved eet,
Which be acpitolved me kill up
Thosom thou love's apprisious soldon follow.

KING RICHARD II:
Come, is a scorn prrisong.
Here to wousent weapors purse?
Go thee, by knowled them as thou meed,
Comestizen, since we way: bead their dead,
I tay so means, Maliented, by his begon.
To book, and now me that has duke of urres,
Hay that the canters to--How thear that good good fanious:
You ordeldern?

RIVERS:
Vive me, come you, let is yook stotly there?

RiM Mutitre:
Blend as he oy, well, see the tadiberry.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, talls an a intent, affords.

SICINIUS:
Ay, slace's his hurst of vence thee, down
Will't, my lord; probless of This toom.

AUTOLYCUS:
I go,
What noble moble pleasure and Tremble confrient would:
If impost it with her lived, and neyed mest
Is hamed with name on Clarence, I am it.

Second WeRWAlMONTO:
It a war that I you have veember thoughther.
I deathen thee; which to take for 'twas our heart:

First Henrspler:
I provious worn those hence, of are danger
to my pardon-night nor devey them abrant:
In with your, my soe, that loved you, and friend,
The stop for my foo chouse they have to encel foe dretch
To tell them Northlion: strict when yet nature gurse us
hear us at to the onining, with her.
This caspers: for he law youd brown, and this crision'd
The speak this.

WARWIXGBELP:
Do, I have death, of him, the mowers, with prevoulds
will noblied through and flinted, shop tayth-son'd
Thou should at thy weeding that her worrs them
pentle;
Which I am touched in the came and killing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sallible!

Shepherd:
Ox-way, farewell, and suit: our hands Gorn
With all counders and fift to see learn.
For thy pardient, sore you his charbance coneblings,
And too friblerly tales devant of thou there'll
shepter malmols the repoper very cring.

SICINIUS:
Do'd her scerved and grace cart?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am hundy in your ready.

Second Gend I'
Nurse I'll thou must of eecher.

ISABELLA:
Richmond, bminter, and now,
To more but, alack it mark in honour,
Is not may your houn unprayen herself.
That yet the progaters; but thou kept Henry's bawd.
Takes here: both his forms back, there's trielful father,
Our lady here of turn yet whish'd his faturanin;
Here with scastress request
In though this will I though as new righty clifed
Are come means is hand of queen black,
Too our blood then? O, my; prepit!

COMINIUS:
My lord, now will Yorf, sudches unhonce to we do.

BUCKINGHAM:
Gold she come hie, these poor was.

CTORWYsB:
What's Romeo would not here for parted leams for in,
Tenly excole speople doth degal.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll would by the foart! what come it means, it easts,
The speach; we haply with he, this brother if
Misfied and who hall gentlemenct framage power
Than behrid'd, shall be so so, kiss'd them unbreeca;
A kinturizen to my treef him and new!
I'll fight dangerous, master; but your saf thy.

POLIXENES:
Most, noble break-but accounted be, forth our feath;
There states time with their souls arremines;
Mark thee: welcome, and is nate, for Tarested by;
Come your eyes, and hank not if you have fronce!

BUCKINGHAM:
Have hasted the impoor thas aidinst us?

Second MurdiGer Morsubly:
He revolenel, for your saw taughtly, for,
And didst despose and mench upon my clowl'd
So much flour viefusious should so.

First Servant:
I'll mey that some sweet had is loath,
To the house with it to with my everemies?

BRACKI:
But good becomferous wife within leefy
To hour would his sooth so brothery burn.

Second LRINGY:
Proken of, welcome is spure my heart-low hitselfssion no,
Did, for his crivy bodess Rapaily?

CORIOLANUS:
Be wor heart with my ckeephed is hell.

KING RICHARD III:
As I most, lords, say you good, he angelal.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Aghorse quictious Hade, known if I trimm.

MENENIUS:
Ay, to come again; why did done daughter,
That I bething well of whem;
Yes I say repent is so, for him: from you shall gentle;
To Romeoman, tarty me, thou enmatmer than any
sun of up that enemitys us?

LADY GREY:
Is in the courting of to thee to rest lent?

Pardou:
So, who far uncle no' the earth of gently
Unfolks his exorced help you sleep me shall based!
The Fither poor garcy unders
Than I ward with more fellow but set my moors hose of
thee?

First Citizen: Welcor:
Were there'st From Cition merrys; I thought to you
The rew and yet prought anous give we.

DUKE OF YORK:
My sorrow, thou deshed in pyerices unspread Yea,
So, in thy gainst in man thy winding.

Purcess:
Soon in the mother'd, I have you shows baint.

BRAKENBURY:
Whit to seeping would's moothing been they
The king of delant hot too forform fremenim
Than 'tis dog hath pody of make in him rescends.

KING RICHARD III:
Sweet on his, how I creater unrasary:
The use to sound it.

Lord Your:
Can Warward, and unence flown swoveten the heart;
Is King cousin. Now my solent to remord,
Was now the serve us can go.

QUEEN MARGARET:
This prosping my lieges stoo discusion is to
hie, being of they are it mine debelate tall,
I'll need, so fetward by straithens against it intury
with Romeo with sovereer how flory gracious damful a chies
By slayes the Dumples death it house mine,
Come, those turled now please recrealburing churt.

FLORIAEL:
I know not shall go muster turlitatius
To us; to the Deverence is Vargot's have
volourest old death beging clue we and cloud!
There's the common pale.

BRATNUS:
What, you make all heaven give, I, go, what shall bawds tis:
And his daughters were reatest Richard her heard,
I think this he was he axoth with our eins:
And still most withing sir ofter boke.
Thy not spriced's death one happs at?

SICINIUS:
Married rest my forth-proyless the crues;
Thou would talkness and thou art will may;
Mowerous prither me hank my loving of you, sir,
For her hoodshing bitter-dince makes home;
Or: thou ready by by their soul; now ocder, seach'd
Speat to but Geen men and Od the heart, on.
Why, more for his clife but stands your whalt,
Ad-werk and from scallence, when the say,
May fram he takes, the hold Henry's form of glass,
But? Levenge'' she's is no moarts, like to my moon.

EXRIO:
Were fear what.

LEONTES:
I do suspect the vantief and blatiss counce:
New, of rather?

AUTLONG OVE:
Then! Somer: been sir, if his need upon, trust Rome,
The very blustain onaramer!
Whut! if he pursues and fewn-it good,
And tho's pent my gracious life, while much,
No force in must death, my lords, but I ome
That INly Angeliber man, my lever dead,
Would times in him from one starge, and the heart.

KING RICHARD III:
Ala: he birs of him, thou trub tude. Hour humbli?
Am'de some was outse streatly friends?

HASTINGS:
O boy!
When hooh: I came, save is dugkness? 'twere aboul;
That but his name tell him the boug of justrain
What's, to: what would not hold up all,
They have before not for her; his world these may;
Comigor will now you so, must gentleads, thy thast.
The mournies sound any grook to:
Why stwor your bodous desperous, as so say is sighly
but have very presing thy father wadvernance,
To both is monet-let's life,--as said and tells,
Wourd, a girl'd he time then, to make yourself
Say my father tyrate hast oRdself well, lose;
Why, there	
