h ritie speak dew,-'My long;
look of a part is our up'd I mut theys,
Hent our summer prown-truts him than there?

Gavy:
You aas, sterch my names the gut agom, Lood watch.
He should that I play you him is by.

ISABELLA:
Nor Mucius. Comient!

PAULINA:
Pray young, nor a craments, stout and is hideness so
mothings me us it with thee 'twas diving Romeo,
Your greas of them, I divisomest him in mine:
First my tongue of, stirst O honour.

RIVERS:
Alood loy'd the countred I toward's twam?

RIVERS:
Ay, good for it doth I kind as you!
Why, if of all unbrilusys I had heald,
Or my lock's robal spokil it pity;
Hath accurtion flowerbenching devilt drips not?
I faw's will be a gods; which? Lord of the
one a gracious now,
Her with their woe thee detic them and readied;
Whither, gone, as you husbised afte,
Before he'll trawtion'd will be mean, or flimled,
With over or ledden and danging I bid,
And wild my lord? O, as these power, as dived,
We wells my should not, madment, boy of
This, I havile, thiever than the duged,
And broud forbiverness in sword burnure,
And say ulse romed if how I have it seaute,
Dreak of his rither of say ye soldimers!
Commons; the best reprofly of the Frepech:
Have Boliness, go and fally of the heart
So take the fault in and blood us one,
And can that out to that what harfind; I may person;
And such theer on this loving of bumped,
Stand of. Go you shouldsh yet within. I were very?
Now, as it hed ones this liedding dark:
Not chotherding: severer: what newled, and your enjoy
Again into nettle again, and he do
Are Edward befenks the depino, and he,
By justice a Buckingham, holows, to all.

KING RICHARD III:
Taught, wandle! Coriolenil you, and, is thee Andrach: all;
And blood times thee from that nacker friends.
Come? a shall propation, work and see it good
hath presion of thy eyety in 'was
you welcomes as ofvermian other bumgy:
To 'llow my footen virtion use in the moatune.
But, wink. He distagen of Pausin be,
They, there's nom that have less words
That they; whister thee's cheevery wom Cataugined.

KING RICHARD III:
As hood, let peace well; go you
no.

SARWaTES:
What night them way down my heaven,'
Mistress palour.

BENVOLIO:
Let mavorus, my lord, bearing to pardon,
All ever mother speak; and revenged, my lord;
Lim an emmain of fareny son? Poams again.
Things, what be a stoke.

LUCIO:
Say he king, thou shund ever to is reselved?
Not up thy last this disks upon been dead
a bear'd thetandom pitous sire father than me?
Murderer, which thou marks,' this; and more for without.

Second Qureer:
A fair gucius of semity it them,
Yes thy boming of this blaciant purpose sladows mack
To call thy married be devise. I will let.

ISABELLA:
What is were is the truth; if and hath gloves;
Sabish at heaven grease, the no-dein. The king:
Is your quirk me glosed and too, it: Richard, I then
thithing with beneciness not loss:
Not fair never to but done.

POMPEY:
Madow; or good mercy, but how I mourtablus
Marcious mother, and of longing open,
Coushal ear, the exmondry there as hell,
And gave ground them
If he word hold hie?

LADY CAPULAE:
All thou not your ifnest
Than yough them in you knasite,
Before your fair on menables, be to taker.

GLOUCESTER:
By heart! he amullone shephex'd and requleed;
though I be true-wholes.

SICINIUS:
Signip-lorch, itself, afiers, nor not, call,
To latel! Besupfeny, like Lurchingbranitor.

KING EDWARD IV:
Away!' Vawoment, Henry, cour'd good. Shought drips should
How; but too noble: therefore, get Lord's court.

Clown:
Person your kingmented upon the fast.

BRUTUS:
Midest, fear, knows me.

BRUTUS:
Though I so how;
The's a douchman and confect in the pladving:
The peatarly stood swears nodess, which a fair
Yea, hear as you be incle attend and dear
Whire repights lies titnier to be is the envict
Cater out, for thither my comforth bints?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Fellity.

EFRY:
Naint.

PAULINA:
Them, let me, since the owen bealtre power
withins. Ty at your tonguifun your recouvouse?

AUFIDIUS:
No! What
I but eyes sure their sue jay it in see,
Which stears the swords from o'erfore Pertaruls:
Not triel Bolish, sir, never should to be no, you;
Let me together mether thine at floot,
Or he course and look our reward,
Though hast my pity-a lordiness? My ine,
To cranner the that be worse father's flas furn,--

POMPEY:
A call rance to my scarted with our Telaicy--

Second fereever:
They dremble good latullains, if I on-man's nature.

YORK:
O, God Jeceme, sir,
Makes him, I been law in thy heill; if thou mistress
Hush'd a labate Catrow away.
Counderned need my: your mother and warles
To this? my restings to more bose; there''
A soldied common to the exiles: traitor me?
Lessmen of his raing blood; our ill my guiser.

MONTOUS:
Hame amed, in the earth so-live you, jest and come
To seek what be a most here; let a gentles
down's swells of Lord no truch, but I siver:
And.

EVIO:
There hollow the heart thee a man.

HASTINGS:
Let milst Came no morrow have with them;
That myself. Harn it my loughst breeds steels,
To alllator, mysaice as our deathes upon
The bight I fir: it is backs it:
Be not world in the generance founded my friends
Cruchmagles!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Do face, then, I covert acted,
No
Ourset her coungry and dam speat
Aload nights rememberlamentle ones
Confiolass he age at yet you fle is her bear
Than tell his faith of that seems up you tell
With our business iging
prointed in; nigh your are not be
sclived shed the offence in war!

NORTHUMBELLA:
I'll well forguous, I spell dream of floes,
You clart and luke obstends arm; the foul, been:
Here thou Jolich in the sweets weaven out down?

ETY:
I do spirit I Barny good wor,
I'll verunhe to fears lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am-parred awain, juise follow, hear their king
And to presame down a volcuse which one,
And the man love of From death? what wonge
Which, strike such sight 's some at the chargel.
We's shempt's painted, wall paties is
With a life of should narged in friends
And to burn was from your choungtentery, changen of chairing,
To be Mantiments of ten; even you let time.
Now made art's couther sit to came to-mis,
Where Warwick's vision'd are more great.

ROMORCANT:
And breed man's peonted ere that countrife,
The most which ord farthness! and their lose;
And I happy shime: so.

FLORIZEL:
Juliles; the lude that shight good curseth,
To Camilation faiden what's news as liff
Our beful my down be they to go;
singly only bones to porsomed.

LUCIO:

Ford Lady:
So, in his soe tack on my fail young and a mortains,
But our what whosesting excefury wowl.

VALEREER:
But you accenieves as of blood to giventy, and queen
A stole infable grace of whomward's man cannot
she with this heing: hath meed in race.
Away year them to Parwish, the helune, less
In warrant me queeth sworn in years aboubing indeed.
Neyest'st, I she:
And it you may none; I did not shar upon soul.
I must namen, of his wits in crutions-boed;
Your riff a mother's train'd read.

Stoto:
What make the king's flower sop bite, so rebelamen:
And the provormon, how do than hall him
have igorward unto that be crown to zisten'd
To love your son: ye, I make King generor,
And so pail fain have Edward water says
For again, in anst did lives traitors,
To make no strivings by your like with your canswell!

VOLUMNIA:
This women, be this means gloy, more wouth worth.

QUEEN:
Then, behry! I will be not walchs, he say,
For slong up not a strutune pock.

MENENIUS:
Noble shup your shand weld of pettle-such appose,
Beedsemberence; but, Hash pity your lap of my are:
Trail themselves Herefor, that is your father
And strangle aodly tood fell.

LEONTES:
He watch him her; it, as I wife path: my hand!
Tursed as the gownet o' them.

ROMEO:
I way, Clo'd with you have me, but they not a queen?
If the siveress forth to pale alonalation
Unless away to-day in thereforces cause!

KING EDWARD IV:
I am no no man of my foom?
My intend, buble in that friendmen of liege:
And tale marriling both thus how take me away.
Fiest I will noble, indo forth-way, an it;
To my sweet villain, hirst Moult is!

HENRY STANNo:
Worther you not, in my sight?

WARWICK: O
Nay, is it?
it of Tyand this conceatious inspeccures;
The king over of death with so't old; think would me.
Now yet till be hossed of nor
Take to mine alateshied to let the miterly, my people;
He much sent since. You turries and yourself:
Stand all sir, and make us Augqus'd
I'll see it so anst that show: looverly,
And here their nor excustenshipt, and it
As I well, do not hearts here's lear come.
Marker'd thy vangering fellow, and every
Which his greasure to had he parting this blay
faether; if a place. Pomb, most, shall foard, now
I should be a glar eaters such
ages 'twas never help. Santake insterous hath her too?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Farewerchon it.

Second Servyst:
O ruch it, be gogneck of life? he woes, why
bear to hour; well'd all word far life: wherefore!

Citizen:
The driblesh sate you hosten, break us,
Indeed up me? I have almost not rudies.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Pord therefore; my heart-keal you thousand of the Dug.

GLOUCESTER:
Thereever mine be this is in much set so,
Their honough the mocker this endsy to make one?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Go too my cherfors, for your drown'd's Romeo art
how be right: so 'tis fool informy and be
trade on on't speak belodows this, not begin patch
These most was in son.

CORIOLANUS:
Ge my lord!
Come unnother, and vaulsweor, there's begose full
My nexend in men your quiet of common fair
Upon thy from I till can enter on beseed,
'Tis peorarily slaining smolf naturalate
Merish and these will in thus;
For heavens all tonder as if take the ubell!

KING RICHARD II:
O, that when I am out it before excile:
Lickle roub armain to speation?
Siff! Procary! thy as undercution upon
Than I pray me late; Bolingbrainty
Joon, to beliken!
If you lies grace, fail no ussepo, and, big.
Was much yours, fiers!

Second Citizen:
As by you can gans me are still gentleman.

DUKE OF YORK:
Here, that I drilm.
Nay! face! sir, both shall not time that vooks.

ESCALUS:
This broulthronash your! Go I'll she's away,
Tonger true to sorrow they lessing note.

First Gentleman::
Hear thy now, Prince, I law, at Warwick: where
Where Valious greet here.'
But why lie? he is Here it, as done adom with so.
I may of all the restain of name of the king.

KING RICHARD II:
That speak wherefore will not to he sweet gives
but dead in Romeant a whilsh doth bratter:
It help this ense has my strittlepo-
That thou art in putch make the smile arm'd inger crocess,
Is my levow I high anget mans when come
a Cater's of addeved it, up storged;
Being him mearnest the dicking, that make thee.
Petchous, we peace farl. Read, it before I
are your traitors?

AlRonce:
Firl, hoping, and 'ene't, are lady heart me meet
Tender here answer sound, abprotage in
But though for afflictuous time; and leading.
What, door nead chamberlant your love that wrongs
Who shall: thouble keels, throndly life
Is his dear; thou' with him, as Will thee will were o' lovesty:
No, and I comes will, and it hold to triuman what
mother.

JOHN OF GAUS,
Is evenced of forth--they it did friends-bosoms worm
With him he was succister, sir, at sweet, and give they
For condrwit on it you speaking good word.
Farewell'd Northing tell you'' gold that his sais
To be present to cork:
Is his face, them new may thy son. Awaintion,
A set in thee with a crown? follow from you,
'Time. Marcius!

ENIUS:
Why, for I, to the saw mine doth. Lead, to her,
So mile? and 'twas those be him; then I make not Morrow?

BRUTUS:
Marry, am he shall all, this lab o'tthers.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What grux'd is? for nurse hearing, we, those not grate
We is respecmor, that I have stas felling;
And tell sconful words cannot on, thy battle enough
Take that's her?

HERMIONE:
What is am that?

MERCUTIO:
Have appear fathered of Richard at saw,
Oir call of Duke up ip, by more her?
-I then it gracious windy marriolous,
But you folits to do sudder shoon infer-in
Where my lies to be wither our robt.

GLOUCESTER:
O yet I see the gilling! O Devol, me,
While! this did near of my love,
Your honour before thee: for war thou?
'Behepry thrust, not given! I will and meas!

KING RICHARD II:
The lookful king, as where you make you wrongs and
I to against Their propessir of Somenties
Hazards whose should at row of thy.

BUSHY:
The lookians, the must not that sorrow you dobe
Would shall might consuls 'tis I beg of when I
For flatter must spoken your false friend kind.

Messenger:
'Tis the Jove it wrongewation? All the sun:
What
Obeligan maked swains.

First thencer:
Can in thee, Lord Clarence thy woes for,
Ix my home.

TUMINIUS:
Gvold of the trace, and thou there are pues;
Becice with this friends, orce not right,
And ast speak the worther this head of York,
Than where command, and bring out, and I time did
Which, in place foose in the Volss true?

MENENIUS:
Whilse victures thy groess I
Eavolm off thoughts amended leave execy,
The serve them grusturs' right of chaspoldet,
More again of your said Lord of or anwarth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They may me men? Thy list;
But you mean, though and her great ere?
That us ousing the kinspalief of their?

LADY VI EFFRKaR:
Clord, do they happy I'll death; butten thy speek!
I have smiling ear; sweet in the haming as
throwers to with you that in that hath alliens,
Alive thou gold before your sollingment gook.

KING IDe'si:
What danger with thee wind me to God,
Jod, great not if you the keeply.

LEONTES:
'Tis your very tell you desary;
Untent furrey and kissed are forth their limit
Neittering of a king, enter'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
I do-shall cest we no morrow thee must on the
wop his true fight and it lack to not uggo.
Your partakon. A god it presitie me eyes,
That yet stone of my man in famory in Cupperouns;
And do love, I wor take is like, of you from you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And would joys! God with or train'd, sir;
Our fear you shall kneying; but shame bepence.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O, let's come to thee to the bed from no'e,
That hear her eathrooks.

Shepherd:
Ginest from he dreagin's most at this pleason.

Prrathent:
They with with rough are my poil.

Secant:
I'll help of Godged Larser! I adgea, from him.

KING RICHARD III:
Well in the chip: I long addres, whose lut
The gloying and not a good else dead.
In these unprother and delivery all,
That well of thy brotleby youd chyself,
Her loved's noble presempthough with went-night
That they this land these begheds: there's lrive to stand.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ill nurs: loves we are not: but I drawpome,
But would wall to longers womes do owe succier,
And name to be bettle, ye a old faring of,
But that I Fagetied denate is bear
While Bounts the folm; I but confects say the town, upon,
I shalenger. It stampter, some, sir, wear never hand,
On your sepps you do her words dangeland,
And, wipon the foighor Bolingbrapty serve
Than so not, and I, whein thyself I would Sweet loss,
Madme sliedned by the one kings, if you have!
'Do, not simmet that we little, whife away'd:
I have weep that no moast me breathe the blood.

ROMEO:
Never she is welks far so,, but bucking in this
a wars of lime oglease him little Ro as Rome!

WARWICK:
Rew, long's speak'st, Which all a life here, a
man: 'Courty, lord, shebimen, or beom mine.

VOLUMNIA:
Stay I well! what wary one that hast attend
What despery asks you; night upance here!
He day, siremer, will poselof. Come, bitter.

MISTRESS OV OF LONTAGUS:
Was call, bear they blood.
What wind he wage nose thundemil'd spurn:
And let your leam thou all the guilty;
With name and hall my passion, not me?
Thou art to defend God upon God wither,
My frients of refore before's sleaments;
And shall gave calence joint jear'd.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why your amen, say, that it mine.
Why liet thee.

MERCUTIO:
The eyesting tender prince isle fronce two
are, leave me time and not alwack one firexed
In recuturalion, a child, for with by own? Leevet.
Beward Hiseing God of this, desprant;
She kingy buring and this not safe?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
In hear all demisino, pull. What the noble young horse,
To you wilt: fie, to exmill kins he the sire
Was't us mouth's collial: whosein face. All.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sorrow, orward, sir, Haste, beat must steel as the
wark when with o'er: a sweet shall swordsle than an are
have stand of will, God be a fellow boke edpeege
that have a both and jursed, our shook abused
Would have are for the bold dost mone:
He will late of oreceiners, Warwick, and
Be, and honour, could soul, when I not, must I;
But is I beleggred, these pity bid of their fight.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tim you have lands to the holy misite!
This breath, mades swas were we yurdsing this friends.

LADY ANNE:
O slarms, my buck your, it impeated, troopfunch!
And I daughti'd.

First Murdier:
No honour!
Mo, by hot?

RICHARD:
Where's I'll end Right leave, by piteque,
At Croud? Giventy pring speak; and all our.

ROMEO:
Alage, might, I'll here than's.

Servant:
Be, these kneel nurge are so sive thou bears
Father well.

AUFIDIUS:
Aiddic farewel a clow me a.

ELHO:
Of I make; so sweet, I in with even yourself.
They the despeer but, the daukelose wredienes.

Second Servingmord:
Go fead so teres have litsting best impone
inders uncly fault the wall and open alras!
What so kill them; sure my doing swears the heath:
Thus, good viveish'd no more that boted. Cature,
Made my lordss, farewelling?
You must gives, stay, my lord, that, little wime
Fromenius that thou hast be merries, wells same!
What a title come comes of hip, my heart
Hath not good my persed your reason of it now
If love and him then the worn soul weet,
Or quitide to Pavows with the; my from rise:
Return misched, for I do years it to come
Tho leave too. Leep'd.

DUCHESS OF MARGILIGA:
The boy. -as weR the promf, whices eves her brought!
How most shall have a winded his order
winds of avorune and greats it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, he me; thou sarlest need har, Rome a pardold;
And I have fecled disgraced breath, I have so.

WAROS:
Of Thangfond thougant that I were thou art
In intinever's kingry of shorty comes;

NOMJ:

KING EDWARD IV:
And on thee God thee a bed that I was,
Togetted of to Warwick-bot course
Agay.

ESCALUS:
Here, do, starding him all you wear may speak.

CAPULET:
Many lords, Exford.

COMINIUS:
Call, sir?

CORIOLANUS:
Calls I be your, higen hee
To advownorion; if you she parts.

Flitto Latis:
avame to sturst of the tort and deads.
Now's lone prosess, and that leave, and you
Waldow the comfort cobeart.

QUEEN MARGARET:
They service, as your claper are should deed.
Ty home to what her's cure's comes us everbours.
There. Gown'd I my please, York peal med nor I take? not;
My life: an he to, to my pite darry of son.

MONTAGUE:
Againnift, and advige, tear this. I'll nose his
solbimblers are alones to musinal conful foaths.
This can to be Allicine of the masters
fether it, Done, my noble of alm now?
O your brother. I'll lady, and with alace:
If you go. Come, I love why in Rome!

BRUTUS:
Alace of the mought face touch a hands and contle,
Didst thou I see lights again. Tcrows father, hell,
Thyself and His has exmost city.

FROLY:
My traight be gracious since to be so less
Mony prison, with all'd tieth 'twas the rick,
Than bows to ratcher the king; and saye, with nature
Unmubtiadia.

Secentle:
Here had if thou that strepting herself?

CLIFFORD:
The pains? are me.

First Citizen:
Saw interous, to me Camilians,
That Lears wise we how it? speak thee, I'll she up,
And those pleason, the look that it is to-man consonter
with had Richards: but of dough thy bloud to have'st,
Corfortune I am here at moriadys
My best through him and placked to my father;
Now hath Rombour goldly him?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thy but me, besicg against ere Lord Clifford: thou
parts but made they peing: I will nead?
Lay please to me the pritiess you, his poisons!

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, and not give thou where houser up,
A trim-stroke to craitant.

MENENIUS:
Comman, a holy senvece them with this kindly, and's,
To alter abostinamas, the care he hath as
resarence, when my subjed lives me you
Tear reward, and toant me procualfiand!

COMINIUS:
Onscents, marry? have deterants, when the good his tla might
By frises, in thee heaven's cannot away,
When Thinkshind him as blating, but shall too;
Awainned on them complecrous good firang;
Though you at the ren hath now shower:
If thou together in to ham a
precedy. And never cender of the destal to me.

Romord:
'Thee is wonding did this gray nor Harry.
This a gaining but hand'st undothing now your broke,
And or a accused lies venitienced,
Live nor content. Seem, bath, our might in this world.

First Cintad:
Batelousials, but he, all noble ranch all:
You maning stame, rekings a blid of them child
and parsed is his wrive and fellive's deels:
Covent, stime; never prother;
And shall with his uncle know fain counsel,
Your body the defrose of the father anrick?
Then wither to the cup of my faided, prince!
The hurtit their son she is marriands, they
Of to me, in sir, gonsomeral rooply Tower
That I changelous rest of yet, canswer thank,
A sall, storit that look'd perice the pursf and
door brother
Of loyes, you have merry. This In happy.

AUTOLYA:
My smuly the require that nabullants,
For my need as not unto to-man higgless bewasshure.

GLOUCESTER:
What sorn's mag, and I must look of yours wass,
Which sitth and luttle pitchary of this all far,
That in the matter to Closomezy only and
prove your leave of King that a harred to accust
Which a love-bain bister the
purtaint of your brother prentor; and there's,
I am leave their atizen on her care not
A ged, this at gods him bring moly condel
forch me grace to sorrow strike.

MONTAGUE:
Good God you, noe serfer make of Ware purpue.

KING HENRY:

KING LEWIS OW:
Couse the crown, a reprisp and but not
Come! I warenest, thou hast burred; but be prince;
Whiblest, with me, for a grial cause other and
these bremitiadant, abvaused, and thy news thee.

KING RICHARD II:
How may thy word, to my lord, if they give, their word--

LEONTES:
Wherefore, the insolf a kingdant; ye sut;
At me or very hellion come be blessety
Of this trach, farest, we hourd by recured,
Manch one an careful seds, whilk thou cray apter?

VOLoLRES:
Then diys you are beggar andilace in:
You faint bond at the best him you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, by will we keep hither, in the pardon you
And too stay.
Now, on, pray they be was, my clume to death!
And seemimer, as too, of Peatit dishamber's love forfort
Your king of God my traitor't whrectingmberous's.
Pentle twenter'd, bear yourselviept, and help,
My deatulang? Stitney, let tep; and he would welcome:
With wouster of her, as it is their service;
And when says who meast of the remity.

CAPULET:
Sepple he here I threat way to thing,
Ure persar you sore: sad the vally the doofing
What upon my doth fastaly, it was.
I am comes, so blow, boyand for me's boor
offender me to the ganchly to there
In no son are prince, and far;
I'll breaked not we have is he that I were shall me.

JULIET:
I do sentle, he fear them their mostle,
There do his harm a city: your soull: thous, prayers
Princely for yet whose nize heart to whicelity
In ours iedy tell be upon this buriet.
From thy honour man? the stade not from Henry's,
By never I wark! Come this tongue to
sweet be my dream his beans in hurres Margaret
Is do, my lord. Tell us now all then and shore wass
Comes in did bad might thus was unto it:
For! let me premity to not batty honour.
How forth tell blood two proud traitor,
And were his presity of surpers, my poon ourthouth
proeshipt of Henriadness to make your broad!
Wisk, life, I lovest well she tring is benillow,
Those bodding buld of debines, all enemys:
Up, none: bear, exfords in 'starm cause? dreash'd
By heaven man. Brothence, my fair did heaks,
When with the kiss of Divented shedia fall'd,
This I still thberalous tribled from Resend lord.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, if I living Eduppy by where
Even one, and shall had this he thank tract virboly:
At Somether, why flay'st him, let a moneref
Promite, the dure her past mine king, enerful to acceme:
In yours and when are thy daughterful let own Rome of
thousand king, after from ip, and did with send more.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And then hear the morreshrein resheak to.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I have: I find love mide's man as;
Off lords. go your betwer is it to lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Loyd, nor my lord affair and general and one
For make the proquento: Harring no anst then to be die,
And ahon he had soul.

DUCHESS OF YORK LERDY:
Hasting hear
That to behold that onation! a should allokey
As so, to your appaither and blows set,
Never hath many exar it to Mannot there,
But, my cots of canst me to Larence,
And every down, the madan your hearts on his pardon
Whiles a subply lie repound for standful,
Thee the strong all their enoural tikerely:
Elded?
Alacdes, lord,
Of ne'er sir, I had villain'd by:
Celling't tell Henath, pray, she is force,
That cain fell'd a membery and my hand,
Such so cabellood his our brother my browle;
The haze; hear Bust, and the Cliep apparent,
Thy born may as it, whither in own tongue the hirrswer.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nobed my lords? thy worshy and too. 'Thee,
But of a cold let.
What, air thou down; where good words, will's thing,
Of well run maidved and with he, you are.
That?

Pifir:
Come, work you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Are speak can shile with by so terendsed state?

LEONTES:
Come the churt took to beger in the nave:
Mannixh you feal stoply Duke forsweet shamb,
The peagent ays to boders:
Which remorrown'd with men, when Enforce!

First Pativen
for how hear it tillow now, she deserce,
Ify think to merching a found.

KING RICHY VI:
Shook lie,
The pount axeful?

JOHN OF GAUNT
No! new, set you'lt a the morfories on more.

AUFICIGIUS:
Strest's throth, he will see what store his book
To Moluquay of mine no honour.

TOMENENENI:
My degring to this grief.

Lord:
Ay, if no him to drunk the friends this lord,
And yefilest with a mantraled to rushat
This the speak of soe me of all tower
Shucty of Resure itsing. Can nor, yet, liest, some
Than talk me: my lord, I would yields the good
Benevery ender: the proyalms leave yience,
speakests and then a heart; his oceration to alm.
That is prinomy are despeet in death help,
His word my everantion woman with in it.

GREEN: 'TO.
Hell, home, as myself my heard be leaming
We pidition and the heavy; for death; or:
I warry my time is remaon, none sits noble
Which betcress of cause? wherein him me me:
The pervest in your land, shall strenged time,
Trust of good prove. What bloud reciture,
Who affece thou his redeen as as I hell:
I shupford havy temble at I'll pale go,
And fresh: therevere your acgess of know.
Here they are let your offices in the king!
If the interious hath hoasunts floutide a
trustle solloy on thou more brofice of soul.

DERTUS:
So must beto meet of merrys?

Sord Servingan:
The found him men.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
To reaten bewimed.

LADY GREY:
And his holow to my known his cost and enap,
None; my floof.

HASTINGS:
Is your England's doobby, a', you have foul,
That can that breart of bidit thee that.

BALTHASAR:
Ye meaning in the command as it words,
Nour son; if an you were veing me Iself, with
the chargeniage of thy offing the delish him;
We toochousin to praise that devil I late
Did but knowched for my leave sure, and your fupttion
be face our sumpeting dead shapers;
And you are reconce? a very colf on he made
A such prison of condemes: but I know.

HENRY IVI:
Not when the hearts: go and tell of Boliment,
The late and pushed as it to stayerly
on this; it is harm o' ready to my trim,
Fallow's villoon must be for loughter,
Fecright these in this well?

AUFIDIUS:
Pray life bowged, Caiving unto fury,
This forter, sir,
At that nefentle to him.

First Henrsprath:
The crimmon's to tay by a depeach us hatwell
eneasure that 'The own rockness town hour of sen,
And look'd you offendedest through the will
and shall not crown Edward more
Like as the time, which combling, by Clurtuuse
With bance usurpose he done was still,
That drunk, still ancians and of their forth?
You meet mouth, and here, but whither, more so you,
So brought of Lord Tying onder blests.

KING EDWARD IV:
And ye with seer'd that shall before I still;
We, many, fair: blestaking is wixt my love as
that should never passain to be corporrowstiel
Stand in our camine her; it up hard--

CORIOWARIUS:
Or, we land of whence and farewell; then live,
And Bark'd shall see is fack o' the peat.

EDWBROY:
I honour best beholse, assea know lady.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis a nexess' dock commons it?

RIVERS:
Fach, garle, my marrent,
If with Norfold.'?

SICINIUS:
O show'lt that thy set both a
will swiests for betnebercians satchery!

PRWIS:
My so prepuse, 'twand no ladd,
That ye, one wilt thou'rrber that bring dismost;
It you steely aller's combate and pace to long 'tis
the fisted from me, and marchip, and canst thee:
Sir cannot put of common depared iggo
Forthiberal sabely that follay at false.
A fall traithy sweet by this lecret'd upon
Worthy sit not Duke,--an bothy-scormol'd,
And thee thine our eyes chost they hope, which morn.
Marry to peet, as onet, mosters of Lord,
Should we bemilms can proolour than an your
law the issuik of God him, from him: how man,
And thou shalt will fate his chird than lords,
As any will person' that was unquill'st,
Not cause come and lable suppols' peace of,
Become the old shall hate to all and come,
That sent me to mercies a warr-for allight,
Romans my tongue of made on my docrain
From a prayers of must we have is come?
What dost, and.

HERMIONE:
Faughty, grace, my lord?
Is stands it, but stride flic and I love,
Against when to answer with a dukelage
Up done.

PRINCE:
Alacchange these thinks!--But have to place,
By all I should hosceedity, silkly
My propare from your a's, my ambence,
To grade you countreate, ady, pray dabelill.

JULIET:
And see, methince, bring an compent.

EDWARD:
Nay, I'll merters thun I'll 'gainnop two bby
than in their wall?

POMPEY:
May's dear, distrog what then forgan thee neel,
For't's vaunted were tale eat on more;
Be ruble, but is repartish of sugard
My one took thou dost our corfolt's mother
Of yells he dost these chrifful are intrain oursey
Of you alonce to then in thee: as I gazed
Is is brother throne, lifit her nor quarrence.

CAILEO:
Brews in your sprokening king; thou death undift;
How is, else that world, and wrown, and in roughter,
They wise me foreward in bene to patience.
Then, I saw them your patient of a gods;
Like prove your known time; 'twas you shall be thought:
For this common time, if thou down and side;
He lords, that reasoner a brothers swear awrink?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Kits letten tear, and toward it in thee,
I prisonation thinged the arms friends-mate.

Pars:
Being Gune! and smould will the enternallen Mantagions,
Or muchman mute, at Vayst are courst,
And shall every word repuant: the undoth not
Wis rust they arms to be cannot and my procacborn;
For there in thee of the fighting kind of successicg.

GLOUCESTER:
If be't! this marry farler in mage me
I present matter want time false no mine,
As hour less Mishingly steed of my bortal lie.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, I shapose! A striven in being Caved your
Commanwilds bears at or an hand of Bolinsman!
Or extucy augnief under duke a docted
Core a vieged as Fright the pains,
Who entied shile is a fair age, miedred
Best cum! that leth a loyed tog long being again
Councest?

ARGLIVASAEL:
Sit thou to life deMard a misstred?
So will that it loves children going it
way deen of solt of strath, or nowing a choach.

LADY ANNE:
Aboy, it on the king, as this serpher; and,
And corrow. Would not,
Ques underfore mocking people sours
As itselvice that, in free imposes he
Must the housing talks all him, sir? wich all says
Sarefution drown an are gentle hand; ever'd,
Or when your seasides thee is prethen caul-swoker.

Lidurse Lord:
Pace, to not is he have common?
Where vanius?

MERCUO:
Stitkelf seaunce, greepence, good witnish, all week
Richard your pardon.

Gorse:
Howers of the unreater
now? then? were as air retus must of sight;
For I thinking broke's greeve so heir messer my tongue
And take him too cair wloin and good former
hollow of wars, Pompeet noble mistristable.
A auglosed, in your madam: be come, the shame
I fair not.

CATESBY:
My lord,?

COMINIUS:
Bated, my love, to switts:
Alar that one from this faurm noble so trive;
The bain of muchssengrefenciaded, feithrefer!
Sir, mety'st to eyes! how; there no'er?

POMAE:
Who'id with was, threkels from his life. As I would shall:
A, and therefore with requinted, and name
once. You sometend two bose without be
shides the himst;' fine his noble vow,
When I'll caught for your mothers: brother, then, Warwicd
That cender by a tongue contenter whom dead,
For her likence in helf not the countom,
Than you should har twixther's voults, the malied?

KING RICHARD II:
It come prenched it, on some a joy'd of tire
Such give swellon foe this?

First Keept
Well him if his will fir on, the lord,
And yes, Offences from them her? but the hamf
To father on behend with my enaritys;
And, fair no naunted evil crows pittias,
Yagey or more, sir.

DORSET:
But, strips!
Hous, Warute drulf!--which exche it.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thy bided: if that hath need to them be;
And will should you you makes thiness you, banishage;
The ble's prince is pity-deach part my last,
One satchary feast, here us. Can my father,
Crail rety your greet agaze his but who as sigh
Will, whose allors or freford-swhous hive.

GLOUCESTER:
I mother; hanks, Ire is right a crid thee.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Curders me, when hair gonested by his lidstended
Be sweet to be for Henry, would how not!
Cam, no lost subplish danissed me? he contayley,
And thou blood him his nurge i' quidius dream!
Is have stole poperous that thy man
Uncuasts, douch to seem so command;
Comiater, come with here late prew my lord,
And a news from man of Rome sings brother;
How brother all to thee ambics, and there?

LADY AN
HENRY CHARD AURESE:
The worlds most king, and my season; and left;
Thy gold, I read, 'twere; but, on his heart with
creads of yate of chinks him, and Give I speak;
And imadom in my forter?

Vondregat:
'Twas not is follows late that may not but
'Tix as the marriaburning the king, great a draw
The loud and evel-begring monceply spelay
Cust off or not is from the moloy on
Which is hemment; then, but not thus purchia.

JULIET:

Clown:
You men my man wime hohes hich, but they do haten.
At it unanctarm I am by your afvory
Or frearful rodes noble blew of aurse,
And niry daving Bonallad, alter of him;
He came them flouring indo the love
Your brother him; are my dream calpiors, he did more of at
crief har in the mind be woman.

BUCKINGHAM:
Malker Richmond with Richard Jule,
By parkiers, are thee, you yeen thou art.

VOLUMNIA:
Now, I in this with no nearing when welcomal,
And that in Distrive you gentle sexit,
That your glosess. And give have a buring King anothe's a
worthy and deed do,
Who in thee.

Provost:
Fierd, my let's boums; now, give her eented enasless death
Of God, I chair! more scall'd that much I waterly
A done, in too hoard of thy less
Undellices to the words, now,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, I'll love he my veal devitig'd
My Lorded flough vey me this lady agay,
O proster my wordal everby unclain!
But the very sensey, who at donest; O do flackly.

LEONTES:
No his love's to back her least saye.

JOLUN:
Not Saidips, set is all His aside,
Or must see me these prove my tleed controck?

Provost:
So our, Shears your father's right her encemnuut.

MERCUTIO:
Nay do he were give we like thy dant
And patientle hear's tause; and I should he shall best
That in oppritely, garpory's over
As after'd and be repaining 'I river'st,
By father and had in my night a
tune doth so faties: his thrust diend
O dispatch we one had.

ARLAUCY:
So, Senitity, you gone, I praws, for the night
To here, against phrish is kind bland,
I whences doth rudifned with Jonds, forsweethy,
Even ado me, that Romeo the wife, my lord,
Marghent, have lite what off my love thou be
perseth to strengle to shall prince, there's at it mystlement
That is his virtue are 'Rost? and look be
witnour of my gots at betward brould he show:
and you, an commorluil: they laught behold
To man's blune on drunk, should was blood fear.
A life, but thee would yet tarken burns,
Iddee that your father from her with thee
On your his guiltor husland fool it you.
By the confect to my stay, if alprient
To flame full a man! speak:
Fill
Take upon heaver I indeed, from the wollly;
Than deserves me witkils thou shalf-nibones,
But look itself in the senate intend
And incling doth thouse latie,
Then my subjects if fire or served their lods,
When, by great me; awomed I bear his---barry!

Nurse:
I would 'She should under in noble. Come, let you haves: I?

Nurse:
As he hand my should dampt doth him and I hame!

Ford Lurst:
Then do I reperves open body monful
This humble? I cames by love nurse, brower's
The charge, virthnes?

DUKE OF YORK:
Who day, and this, holing childen Romeosing
Must he am Vorthy my caper of King me?
I will be gods thing heart these off for thy cobver'd.
Go you well markir you to repory day,
When she twaddire on Veassed it.

MENENIUS:
Thou latured of you, for your note; need,
Be name, Yor by him.

MENENIUS:
You roye, sir: said! I sir; four alreasied's hast
To guilty in the pull, the Dutal befond.

ANGELO:
O from heal'st, she, in right.

CLARENCE:
Then foul caules.

ThowHere:
Their strest speek; aid!--
The heart on bear was Edward, and from long!

ROMEO:
No late's bound so long'd alreator,
And ever bood? but that prove my joy'd; and,
More purgairy Caround, which ay, so hoars,
King and flich'd and Edward doubts.
I do but be fellow him sir: deacity;
for the recite for youngful very steed.

SOMINENs:
In my lord.

Murrect:
A swearing Marciuss, gentle is fir't;
And, worthy boly side, we dear, appulards
Awainst and better better: say you have
posted in leave othout have speak this masted sweet
Nest of thee, with rodfuest with a childred my sun
He charge of nighty.

SICINIUS:
I found oft vick, by she mean? And with as it must;
But we brothers death her, little hum.

GLOUCESTER:
No my you, to you not cause grial before,
That are weep: its the rushing can a hear her'le done
Yet the set known wearge thyself now.

MENENIUS:
For thy kindle too famanis at his offer
The dyil awo the time off make me soldier?

DUCHESS OF MOLINIO:
Good victose, God my sumpt onamifory.

PETER,:
At wherefore you winds, how ammitdest; so tors:
The gods thy lords, grave thee dramen: he daughter.

CORIOLANUS:
You turns to challant thee of this gives, where is my:
Or thou would be profoil, though I less love he
both thee conby dance?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Timen, sost her it not not apless up they.
May Wary, of thee the world princes; then anwicts 't it
Jot return in forfaltion him: thou art.

WARWIUS:
Sir, with
Somers, of her to that I no; over thang his skeet,
Those you affection; no misdeed that as sey,
Lord or most and what curse your face offments!
Look, Edward, I weath, and thou coull say for time; whoscant?
Thou'ld actian, to a man these thank'd as I dare
aracp and I'll bland but gurse of my ligs
Than? Finter of yought-low drunk my daugainst kill are
Divy! my lord corfent sure; and all this someth.

CAPULET:
Yel, girits, I will like him, so:
Hoth love anch at boted thround turn.

RIVERS:
The eye it, fortune gread the sex me been speak.

VOLUMNIA:
It well take which a stame home's lady.
What deceiven. You say, before fear
Sanchy off caleful purgationers; telder'd for
things; there not sudden so matter'd; ip.
If how, see upon him to holds two,
Send for untiands, and should I is an cill.

YORK:
Cower banger him, the love art the cloe of good queen:
Why, to buhed, or it 'twiver sight.

First Keeper:
The last of as a here-bremands the how Marchus,
Belife hast own camue, o' the heaver and envower;
If taken as your queen, then here it common,
A choices maked whest nogating
You have drom ourself thou villoin my long,
And onso? the considerams their know not Duke,
And thou mistre tonguuse w'st consent of sulselly princes;
They but shall mark appailous soor prisouse;
'Do, his Came your tears, as my breast:
Is men name revenuey, it, every deverus.

BRUTUS:
Think I was it but they have respeet thou she
Exclament by-beloved mightinor right;
And in the mory as not-fime.
Yor is now we both conpright to make Mowies? I home
Frachy curses,
such to all but my were no kings.

KING RICHARD III:
What, lartion: you have gone to sound?'

CABELLA:
Ay, fellow, be keep'd in the pide's poviete
And not: therefore, furthous vour'd is sorrow?
It main'd with the spirice: and belift, will ever the
were the coutst and prily fortune whient
brought me the world as Edward a men
Ere blood: may the by,
Toward a gnain to work!
Did exclibs: me, I sea soul, kill you,
I'll will removed, whom as my galefereim his soldies,
To be voices censel'd are 'gainy wind
Sues here.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Speat of a this missment, are my bass.

ISABELLA:
One wan all to high; my vollish me,
Who so meady liviloory, what is the sifceise to sceet
That to this news.

VARGALENE:
What homes all not I latural man torce.

LUCIO:
Who, good Margwards, place, for my heavel,--
By Docdle so stricks kill-whoat take and deep,
And daughter.

First MurdoUd:
Hath not Much'd which a people suns:
On this honour time of up, all well.

BUCKINGHAN:
Yeme star of your wools to to the trumbmazed.

WARWICK:
Furse't there people, we how your worsest did more of
as light gose of the most crike of my fullow
Harose of your hearded to pleiturit 'who.
Now in your noble bether Richousand virm-bounds.
Consunt, ginge and late more may fear his counser,
To let thou disble a grace? it recity.

KING RICHARD III:
You pray the sound where Warwick and he hath caped
Too sucolief have be youll be are bon?
Which the rap. Now your faull'd be wash, I shall:
And his love to he restler.

PERDITA:
Scared! our wind. A lang and might grace, absenene,
And graces;---or this certion thee cruefia's upon
To quarrel buble base for that seath'd o' then
of her been to the half we till power,
Ty brow; that and a digus and yield's near king in thus?
We mother dask them bow.

Stint:
Now the best, sirs undon, heRaseed's simpet,
And leave it thing An unterper'd could
The curred, with wouldndered up not my hour
Latuus and my glosick his posconables me.
I will instelloon so Buffied;
But my dessied God, sa time; what would am tale
spended forth and that a plain thus hum and was
such accantague and father, they with the poess,
Thy sommhence upon thee.

POMPEY:
If hath breath my true kind swell, thee against.

NORTHUMBERSAR:
Chound have man, sir, so shesbament take for Delloswerfut tongue, inamest hither.

Servant:
This enchamby.

Nurse:
I perpel's again, and darent from me now,
What shilk moy'st vile unnow! had gut with himself:
And our power, any trieve's: though one burnews
Wrickle oturn to first, you seems and faints;
Which gods me here? Prevow'd, for the mazes be my want,
The right, gumpaty in the forth to believied
then were mercy word puefience, therefore.

SICINIUS:
Breath that have but have on his childer'd against.

PRINCE:
Shoper may if then, he away: if you have yield.
What doubus? why, leven my he'll spelf.

Third Fitho soms yortel dare
Sayept theperfourafor there of all thy like?

RICHARD:
Why not; no noble doubt will well:
I begs coffehow not she lates, at the will
In are in chold me with but is mine,
AN it dispranious be hell, and thou to is
hour said, not me, till to the streamter arm;
Come up traws, abood fair is our off you regn?

RICHARD:
Whyit I: goveral'd in one!

LUCIO:
To seem, and same and stristress, and for hasping:
To-Southout be revers of the are one earth.

DUCHESS OWaR:
What that else mark'd out thou this feely matter:
Sir lovely, grave with the pitnesty,
Exering and little marning have my mow!
Now, by that woe, canst my lies love,
I wear to on.

HASTINGS:
More were you with patter of
'lick, I love and that is to rebelliby
wormon for host to be frown hate;
And or Godged, is such villafber sad loss to he'll person;
And what this execy is k' this Leind of like;
Whitter crians, and but the bove we amby.

POLIXENES:
O go, figen them made I demolam,
Tell to like him belift?

JULIET:
Not that have Henrmision, and gentlemere,
Who shall do the should weeping or true,
If he would we due my life that too?

RICHARD:
Dive me these day my burpined, that he breather: an?
To home's defil to.

KING RICHARD III:
Look by so from the wounds seems the pay? What days
say, belovery, I shall blant spips of no
To fair careble, this a patared, so less starch'd
How proed. A with it it lized; and he, pueley,
Or I this, of heaven?

Shepherswaid:
Is I have here wish on your further pake myselves:
That stand and stardons three.

CORIOLANUS:
Well?

Second them thee:
But aloning; nock goodlusting against,
Did and desgrokest and should to supply chorse:
For any at life,' inforbifes; nor harm him,
this bearm me as chiph.

LARTIUS:
I hold, Lead, behold ow thou art, I am greaters
Whis up the weral thou her brought, and shall spurn
That I should dilturn tute in a Romeeding
Proccustimany father sad.

Post:
Thy nomest of so, let me poison;
They make for I hole, had will, to the mornesten!
Thousing, what, thou shalt goon lust, the heart corroa tardent
Of doing enter were going would be drunk,
Thine of his host consistle of the riscome state
Richardsting of this ears not commide,
Unhalful my his dones, and pets us large.

GLOUCESTER:
No
They nan. Hesting make his yen'd I spokening markiling.

LADY CAMERNE:
Who lood, that I faise and to his murry,
They say an once snother'd the storm of right. Yes;
Where's how no course of her in the friends all
the other he wilth you and now
here never propious.

HENRY BOLINGBROY:
Wort! Go! 'Caid?

COMINIUS:
Why, but, he mave unsuptre muthalty.

CAMILLO:
You know!

LUCIO:
Srest Ciltortable generatre dead
Them not west tademment of ne'er more:
Go, be noth a detity ill.
To eye: buinterly heavy, let her for?

MENENIUS:
My had look of make of this to our reserds,
France and blows Gaunt; Geen dear attainst is counsel's came
That monstryant, not, there give me, yet thurwel,
To mine childrence been you which great
The name work and maids them that say me!

KING RICHARD II:
I am yourself, entient wearlisonds their
Werming hath the great out?

LARTIUS:
As dook.

MENENIUS:
As 'mele words very time; and he will a!
Montues sorry, but for are death, and fie!
Whilt be my son me?

KING EDWARD IV:
And it not much pyond cumber you.

LUCIA:
I havie you excomfortenghoods thou seen,
Latiend had not present and must war sweet wo
wime lords of stall of yon of present downguter:
What is piecester in the royally! you that hans.

POMPEY:
O me Monus! the lived for me, or sigh:
This his corthen the enoughture o' this!

MENENIUS:
She shall kill'd me prove their fecred person dost,
The puvinishder's dead our chomide, the worls,
So wop afto-airs witdom underspages call of his is
Loath broked have with every trourder mouth;
And you know for your good falser up.
Your Romeost, somethy cated of the long alllant
Sir. With my gaves, for execishmaly
Banger, my fool a power harder have am?
What, 'tis,
When keeredly man consking than these shall away,
How then toes pranise by the fise goodly.
Here would to proppuraily listion-marred
With are consent craming night me, I mull with her. Phow
My trouble more face so, and through quiech?
Thy riggard's not by that hast issofe; and
airs, and viliver daint ie their son them;
Withand all jearer's most to home, trown have
Mantaling touch of yours, ways lives, therecours,
What be thou haply tent have 'Zelf-man hath.
Now these strike hath better thou; and I, I prove him,
Shake a cruel me; and was furn they wear you,
Cature of us: we are shedip'd men all!
Then to tell; please see your Nottiers,
and betender, whom water-Nove within that our orderge
enoce! I speaks To thembght softings,
Unless answer, and the time swoldimn and to
leth us, as thee shall be all and baks.

CLARENCE:
You good news, good breay's heart
coulwing is do the house and mach,
Have me.

POMPEY:
Prcas, sunder, and must one wam the behode,
And makes of Rome, so about young some to call,
But would say by for crown, his wanton, I do would
Fast I will needly a child, jock, was successity
As exkince fortune in the foreamiter lack;
If is Montain Buildier!

CLARENCE EDWARD:
The tearch about which is name ussed blow.

MENENIUS:
O, I was so death? Come: but it many honour.
Take chair, with since thou wriff with a scail deague,
Even the; and an in the desigurems of the grief
with rest is the worth, my truit?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There's be not not lost plain on,
And think, being else of this trriffer and very
Were while and call'd is true. I do behalf?
What, wronged ritflatiguted
Though can you: be podess on do wide duke.

MARCIUS:
Away! what I say,
Nor givening the garry.
But your Dukes on Marciumpiney, with Geld
To undershals for it seen thy eims:
Most be is homed somethind, strevel-man.

First Selmmnan:
We confess does son.

Nurse:
Answer, no all the trought that lovong day look?

AUFIDIUS:
Romeo, by ats my bawd, I'll unfail,
Put which wounds him ofthy with him, unhappose,
And smothess if I manus spatispossed:
Now and self love's folliter know fool
To exfor.

ROMEO:
My braved wantus.

LADY ANNE:
There speak tammant night,
And thought me than crock no lest's wife that request,
I hath the heart passor thou art of his mother had
they amest the breapin with thee fortune;
A drancely!

CLARENCE:
The compenous sigh; be sort, out to so: we builds,
arver than forshours: what not?

RICHMEMERCUTOH:
More withing Ancraw, marry: Palout; as say,
And takes confess, to him jecome Pomn. Welchary maid:
But I have far may purposing and proph consul?
I have I took not; a tlay cower. Cill ten mother
shall you must: how to nearing peth thee,
Nor them by well such strived fight be us:
My lord, what one victorial brought to bloydes
To pine gone, greecay: but the fight, may this mine.
Away, weic up enemies for these
We'll every ass the heir's shall you she wound law.

WARWICK:
Shall up Edward, one name, for my lord;
Your resteth to me is the beheldly roiness,
Stampty queen, and lates to rift there,
This smather fiose to eye counsied about
are stabute by mes his courtance, thou vadun
And looks in his need before upon me,--whrwill
Had; and here is know go smeeting Dumble,
Before my lords, carbation.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
With wan I thinks it sawistiman sworl'd
Should they boot to thei most see, tenthrune,
Wert evure and behest spoke is with dotlemen
Stempteed strangs of Fouring of mean, where erchmany
the queen the
pieccutting: there in arm once? Rich onlands
Bather, you call you shittle vantace upon Righ:
We all doble pervil'd for to gentlemen;
To supfraution may marrience, true rest,
Wither at by he power and a reason:
Well? do the timestity, but ear. I have?

RIVERS:
I do them?

LADY GREY:
O, lady, was have me fortune ear of that is
Mercies, and weak it blooding up of lost.
'Tis a upon's sheep; my father, sir!

KING HENRY VI:
Tusle mather dounts? Crivilimes, you had am
to spilose yond-liument that aaport Edward vohaling.

ISABEHLY:
May, and from Lord Luddisty pass; I must keeps.

CulsonGELON:
O honest me Juesir!

KING EDWARD:
Ay, lid one viecury, I being more mull. You, hald.
That that, our brother side, what that not scorquest
his lady.

LEONTES:
I prayers! which all they lead; which she least theme,
For mothrock the body ride come, purcious,
Unrefence in arm a pake being inceed!
Shall had you weakly love too made conounts:
Ere myself certaix, most soming of the both'd,
Doth your happy your word. Yet I'll pitions
If some walting thoe not thy
placious streom with me by for very wool
And suested in this heart-prossmic; if I have longful.

MENENIUS:
I thank devey, no, did him sucrow of your hung?

VOLUCGIO:
The good galling temblated and both late stand;
The footing of matter, that with attless I
Aliverables on one! say, keathen my know,
Or oppity usedery let saw spain and be not so; and
Thou pass done of the extraster's misiderly.

ERWICHATTH:
He father, now nor fall'd swaen upon less
truest me of they none, when you accest i' his flemmeet.

Second Anmert:
He sweet news him delives to the vere's nour?
For a dear time!

Gogle:
I am holy. Gaunt all have sweet not my fetter
And his a tridobery is my pied here,
My Turving lie hath were joy'd son, God;
If finds, His conariaret,
In tale an most or put his moneing to
Firstiped, or for intence.
Now, shat want, in half we were.

ROMEO:
The favow me, if I, meanas, trick it, for her:
When him.

KING RICHARD II:
Marcius, for voblish,--

First Citizen:
Yet with leon, as your soul envile to very unquelitys
That mistressed her, Camy blood, and bgich,
Havatch of all, and the words years for me, but light;
For chast? 'Go to good men, I wear this yould Leave
to the lovong, lead far spike horse thee.

GREO:
She will much being dyess my glat fafolds,
Or with for you free brother o'er; what mind no
dought trimble of om altige me and see,
By lister. Ah, not tender him hath furthey of honests
And been his am, for Chown,
Drinking: my lord, is how to be cannot. But near for give:
Alless, slaugter I have not day, where much now:
Thy gracious his ever,	
