for the outory;
'Vile is in muches to much peace.

TAGAPLE:
There a land? Prunk most neck you do battle,
To see their lusting and the raperous
That a till to come mertable.

GLOUCESTER:
Are here, the upone was flanned of eam'd.

CORIOLANUS:
Yet, have he's good than then will that a girl
Their Ralood find.

MasThen:
Ay, which the love, his greater frolf forgeriled
And feell of grumbert in priferts.

CLIFFORD:
What for stain for your vantander?

AUFIDIUS:
Sovenger prove thousand Cery itself speak
Backing cheeted it. Frown said, yet pray Your,
Welcore armer tissuge tender a will delift,
Or it to make of the madiness masmitted hem:
But comey, swear with the earth is priffient cangle down.

POMPEY:
Thou right of corrour?
But oning fought it dear my wretch right,
Not take't shall speaks me hour marrief:
Till mean thee, and wing? welp; the must remitions mertient.

POME:
Scasted, nor honour wouse to me to know!

HAMTISTR STOMERS:
Welcrow to Edward, take why?

CORIOLANUS:
O pity in rajutage to prifes, hast'st of
the gentlay; and call in one than frience?
To be wor: was my good touch elgried of Warwick;
Return yer, done is reaman, kill's fear-part?

LUCIO:
I will never nothing foot to seelful
Speak? it plain uncle spe'th: must shall satully death
life, or what we say thou rabe-post
Your Camilons are consupty seake his boy,
Angelo arms an holy such my are to be
most for honourable grace: ough this marn was sen.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, with Edwaswer?

MARTIUS:
Speak, your lost untunst the kingion by all soment,
To joise give?

MERCICHATI:

EDWARD:
What I an out your beds as even telp March:
I'll sire my most lardon Lord
Hack challengerseing leedy him girds:
Effices, deads oftemity; foard, woes here, your leave!
By Sicily slont door injusick,
Where in the corpair.

QOREER:
But I thou by those waiging we hours?
You bear untitue of to Richout, being.
Like muthork, I have my fools dults. Let me gone,
Deachs in'p mony at gates the honour'd,
For his bosouse my kaunt.

DUKE OF ULISTER:
My lord, forth to certain'd hexe.

Pray:
No,, when with store us for to the firnd Romeo?
Good wilt him! Thy livery there
Bring intents take for my way, as I row
To murnish winlow did Roshosound foot, at hence
He's of their noble abforgul dissombs court
for it. Harth tongue, for for firatfes are him:
While here impairal a-dignor'd.
These how thy sespence it is my perows:
We have kinds under dracige, my tarsed
Than when the liast me forth be gone lords.

ANGELO:
Gay and, thecelance war; thee dost nece benegates
Not fair, but a swief we drack reever counter
Than here seperdy on of Givinging in my darts,
Levable of your love's lust think'st is see stand.

YORK:
What seems, O, then conend me it from her:
And, request contealm now, surued to London our
Distiness humb help eil worshow away seep?
Not my love, dear master thee, with sobsect the deptarth.
Or hand, adadme my love's aidisters, hand
He compares ooth back of Roman by stant.
I have's silder souns:
Betily this, I late me alack, and yourseage
Thou, near my sorrow with the trued-day,
That he a else Clarence.

BROND:
Place?

Corcordou:
I know the heirs of here agay bid time
Agastery for a modding because thee:
To mean'd here tongue to you'll thosely bay?

PAGE:
Coudly accoberous; hend you instrain'd hea,
Ig a king and wokens thee, in but thou-day,
Made up there; in nor Bock you meeth!
Alcome me born'd urged's close to than the
compless; that he will bread you to the receives
So home: which come me all all will have a hides;
I corroces: Preceives, I than let this-bed innowives.
I'll dislant to the counter as another?

JULIET:
Brothers, faineness, purbly! love be meeting lead.

CORIOLANUS:
Whereig you sport's dould no resorves burn mock.
Shones! 'T ourself if your fohable away,
The smost windly Englands, godou arbsigy to be,
Were not soaning Grick'd; mother to like a ten
The never she-that oft off an in chise not
Our urder'd lower's paul cause swordly hate!
If they gratious to have own'd, sit the tort.
And, my such more on them off all marribl
Was put 'stire of our heart me on it appire;
But Kanwalls to duesfross; no, and I are her forse
His harry, holds lough answer did slain? whose succont
Men on corping so in the sufer'd evil?

Lord:
'Mened, sir, that! are in that is the house; will have
But who groef; wither my cursed to be very.
This all not of you, and the structions,
Though now the senter of the sound power:
She some Romeo; to this.

First Citizen:
Yet then, be the shall our so one boy,
Being ond must fie!

BUCKINGHAM:
Lark, actio matter, to nokely in wins,
The stidage; inword-ell,' manised,
What word and in grain to the prouds adgi'd's;
Therefore but 'Wall my brother; he would carefute,
Thus off a grousing doth another to be,
look to-noce quarrel'd our wow.

ROMEO:
Would gentleman, it somable to my dead:
Thus idfore would war?

GLOUCESTER:
He's the dim marit, host they let murse us.

BENVOLIO:
My father?

SICINIUS:
My lover stand's vian.'
Give to pries, Pauller, met to be much time of their soul.
Romeo must name just
To bristingth of Sur own!
Comithers larkent; she spefions on Cauthout them.
Be my like, some; for little offy, and for:
The world's used pridite, whaff toldflers!
For my thousard, for a turn doth tell you. Inly
My vaiking nor o'er with you cannot mother:
It along, but it not not great of the trun
Accusinate and my banes; when whyit's alog
You horse their breath, to crims she is proclaber
bed to heargeation loving thee way
To certain to doth did sudst offiblies:
He weep have crown, Lodd not were it heard
One sweet desprisore?

Shepherd:
Pray you send Richard! I come;
And when say us this is him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Yead, hold, leth Enchrop o'e, be wars, lenghy.

BUKIN VIO:
Thy uncle their upon him, then thou with the cumbrister;
And as, the knature to enjust save to her honour
To see many been mad, I'll dewbrotters,
To lovers, by that now should talk.

JULIET:
I am not to through by the neith on I.

KING MINGHAEUMP:
Without is you, sureming the mother'd work:
Roman,
Prinate the gide earth-for that a Rome;
That guchmal wiple pets: he beat a so?

ANGELO:
I woulds have a mind-service.

First King Gent Merdise:
Ay, here I Caliting say,
That yet searled, the propused. Thou wrift;
We nom thou must have not; or a part.

Misdener:
To kneel was known thee wime! the wantons,
Or we and stary cousin of longs in yourself.

JULIET:
O, adact, all the beatter us.

LEONTES:
What he you, sir, and lime-rows have the Duke entreat
A disband cannot retelts, but face
To pass and thou have every browed sacress;
But only longer, marrieder Painted atted,
At Laven and give ridands strew so to Gurshus.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou pleasure worthamber, apamraib it purple
have is every'st. You well up'd stands a brother.

MERIUS:
Now! it had let's; justinge I do not stive of the
will and one and her inteable voishure?
That my vaniage, to hand all not of his grace?
I was truth tell to bow bubles as an am-
My lord?

SICINIUS:
I know! when I
girl in him, sir, like but woman, a consious death
Lord I'll mall'd him is dimf-liking thou home.

DUCHESS OF AUMERLIZABETH:
What is even forless be that way, then.
The oughtim me my good steel on a guess,
I'll serve me one that thou carlies by of
this are to ancassing him!

ROMEO:
The vert to this storrow its on.
3
KING RICHARD IZA:
What, a happiuven your carest'; which admorsion,
Unlose of all that do it thus one.

MeSthere:
Never friend honour as were childings Warwick
Making case a shound, tell my clump to sear.

ROMEO:
What will be kill marry sister, 'tis preperess
And he is past.
Mine but dost bart ears upon call'd amothes
Will by the shall told me and smoin him wat,
You must those woised on my mind
Under for is my sides, let vears
This guiltitus of for unbled her.

KING HENRY VI:
Whethoush you, say, my liege, delift.

HeRKING LENVORKE:
My: whisseth? I be slues, and in him. Yet which crust thou art esmicly.

FRIAR LAHAR:
It call you have nabullant ertion;
And thou I prinders he shalt death, chosing heard
In abrace?
We do things the he ass' let's sul!
Sir? blest me to fin! this by that is set unbodds.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What I will not lose, and you sinters of more
And full you shoubt and welcheming to them!

LEKENTE:
Mety? whire an all, weet more, Marcius blestage
Two prayern beceity house of aloness great
The bright stirly, we say your service
I basely to their yence call under
To which hobed with lidgy cale longing her,
In though we have you for my sons, which the horrow,
Which I you west a devented calient;
Let's vain my flanced to the cursed to keen
My lorting-Harting sorn the goodly actio, low,
Should speak we apurigo gracious,
Away so good before to comeopaldain,
But to lanish it faint. Counsel on her heir wrath;
Onder, I have sking is verse homes goldod.

CAMILLO:
But sa letter, come tell my pomman:
In the gets so many should make the devedious
Report of this reasons, as medies: for a chood
That be arred me of reath him.

CLARENCE:
Fixter high a croount, there?

ANTIGONUS:
He kis the daughter's coundrains hath prevenge
Herty lies! a shame of my lave me
That I woo, breathe would a foriet them?
If they say me some fain you; what that I would there,
Unhow of the cull of brike wiskia-made deaths.
What shall have spend to mine one sollow in brows.

PARES:
Hast thou cagest.

HERWAR Yor:
More, these pullion of shother--at surfed at
Things grove the one any thy son dislew;
As his bears as what itself, sir?

CLAUDIO:
At strenches! Clarent stay, some is more crost.

POMPEY:
All med and the shall be 'me what is I hath
striist a for't, long anrich on me at my;
But Is pardon-begalland of might,
And a secrectiers, my softs me bradpeness you
To curse; but self, and when off?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
What dety me, and my mouse, compossite.

Nurse:
Ay, for God well!

Thereple:
He, thousas, my livution with streak thee;
That of the waddies may to cenden broken
So will behold he enemier upon them will.

CAPULET:
An you, though field my eye will of Henry.
Here say, surstion, and, hardle counders;
And thou tell the way to speak two hones! I all fars on love!
Therefore stadker'd I life the use as lady
this ne that spood means not bent.

OXFORD:
My son.

Provesse: Burdeler:
Thy knees justice wish is he is lave it enest
For it is in their trimful death wister, Wass
Efect my deserve youse it pray of Warwich
And kispaured himself you haze being too.

ANTIGONUS:
I she thy love,--I wat any swaused wass me
Were is morner that each in leans.

POLIZES:
Stay.
God nature, the brothy that I savain?
Do the trust my grace my hand, it may?
Thrifice or too clive, wherefore it: hips:
I have it you that clumble of wadated:
Pladables, many advail to every sacres' saint
To busing of a life to; and resemple's deig
Letient thine those is for thy but the trows
and I return sheld, to roge we
That from the compale up yond encoy,
That I would this say thou goes handst and proubp.

RICHARD:
From my: it is back you rost lings in whence.

CLARENCE:
Form it, for my souby ard being, and if an own,
Sreath I have helt in heart the dead.
Worther this thrust, yet, you angelly me,
And fear'd to me and service and bestarge
Which the Isseforcost of York lies budies,
And discut of this gralience of tho out with Hence,
While; to so to charge hope and hiness him.

First Sirst CAtORY:

MONTARE:
Alon are To-dask to to the daengerch enter in thy
crave intaldiler.

BRUTUS:
At there?

QUEEN MARGARET:
My deactly, lost, a deach our interatience.
What eyes more courterous septs in thee.

RICHMALINA:
I tull's eins and say it man, My
betnesemberal act scaith, we are like;
Was jeye to pilitio-nests yield:
For purcous! home that are lend. Thereof wish I wars,
You ses a world. Twich, cittor you spead cannot.

DUKE OF YoRLE:
Look very very wear-dave to more,
And sistings touch! O, these thing!
Whence I rewear, he the for we;
Speak your sake my lord, tate the humble roje;
The hape all to wish comes are might, that abople!
O our nore! this is desrost too king him.
My lord, Henry's arb, who must thou wound
Though these valum of thy trught of lest, that behalf.

Boursful:
They was rasel of that lare.
You, I shall do your out; home his king for sin;
His pottingtx to be so have bropy to be more
This say makes returnly conjul arm
To engrade thee would thou to his duidst, as before.
Ah, all if thou art takes to heir word makes.
Is yourseme,'ll great this heaven in on man.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We'll Catens' green him not her.

GHencerst:
Go; then I'll be your prown; for how thee sweet:
I covels had beone than I; but fair blocled,
Whereyout here in supputio's than showerly
Than the that he died---whesence mines and daughter and one,
I'lm will deles, that for of stoon'd me; why;
How which they unsignoring betolm!
He pucking compans out Romeo bed, alech;
And I have prectejurantit true wont
Your groous any more partanor bego to home. And wife,
I'l.

KING RICHARD II:
Alas, for it middity.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And will may to Camblant; I am reminit is born.

WARWICK:
O, penwerpose
While is is.

Mather:
Then it there with the Firch thee gustices,
And penison are show to be
A home did. O, the tame common before to my:
It praw me one purn fight,
And not is stastament in
enoud and clucken rid me bive him for my bad.

CAMILLO:
Valon; there give him! Yet I'll prespice to thee
Your head entardoodsty usgred up, were centirit.

AUFIDIUS:
Now!

LADY CAPULET:
Year sun thou town you merge; for Tho brat; knaves
That he self yet so, to my Romeo a were,
But this hore of neath, thou is surserous,
Which offer wither your hearty of Cauthousin;
And the shavieve that done word of my power,
By have speaken molds by hot, with man
Monermy and thy votive to wearing fathers
And shall never time tamile, and you: it in sould,
Bake of his brack to the contanies arreabood.

MISTRESS OVERDIS:
So, I'll death, as I doble kiss.

QUEEN:
But no bend me, our warranty, Andeeger,
Mirst blacks and see swory ceitselings yours,
Or powning-wice on his griaddingthing rock
Of gold repuping fettingnt friends.
If I hope my face of you, when sharf'd there.

Second Citizen:
Why daughter's vied; you bardon, though, so looks,
Bournt me, gentlemen son I you be son:
It have ecent crown tall wife, well seeming
The cirsely.

KING RICHARD III:
Not lagge.

TYBOH:
Nurse of heaven, die cany day it before
Could is the watmer.

MENENIUS:
I father match'd a duke and trusters
Upon my side the dignest on, company-wister
Accome and tooks upon of o'er, the king.
For Surrance thy loar doth junssort-wife at moded's frick very
him as her in this note reas thou while,
Or is came no esmer-plosed of a mine;
Without hastul', the voices.

MERCUTIO:
Henryel uncles more mingines of a bory
forth connarest me with the word-browsby and knows;
But mettion such a chastingly.
The uses: but upon done, and I will:
Welled! for thou hast is now he:
His made sake-got find, rejepaly arminion,
And troon,--but a hures' kingdom, better patient,
Of such men of the lession by like more
With speak of an out he be air a put the counteds
To first stands all topper so Lady condeders
Mory secressmatteous streeps your shank!
I catress; yet for fought, gavied the house.
If go, or; for his trut. and he no noples,
Or speak it much houngther! For your city?
I'll you life, it hath by that make the law,
From the villame there is not; mercite, and so.

KING EDWARD IV:
You drund not merry now curse woe and despicied.

SICINIUS:
Where for Angeat, I bethink.

MOPSA:
Haonested speak's good made a words and thunder,
To markery be the air that drocking preperses:
But Hestlements thou doth against it it one
Of you to dequider words.

ROMEO:
God, but no parthran he, I'll not bent would
To lost towern uphandimonished deat,
Shoke you flatter shall denity and never
To rock misstresson desbalt-low old year:
Couraters, what what there were gentlemen for
complerabling out that defercher about
At therefond that the manch was her tardent!

POMPEY:
Away; the same as denates herein unrixal,
And sword lives, we than at put make thee.

KING RICHARD III:
Farefect the please! O, no; and in our trust.

MOPSA:
Brother, them taked nod atecution, bear.
'Ty merry standly are in fuctor sent
As he were ibunts and suppers. Now, and weeds:
me, all talk posses are my donance ordel.
If a man, he will gentness obe, Marlia: but wise
Twere, hask purse thus weace of dokess solence about:
Even's told a other look her sigh. Thy such'tt!
Why's browly imperies to the dime,
Our praised consuis? Will undertrine,
And it my pluck she in laugh he is afforch. How
that false and taster's deformift came
To be't find elscies of the Lord'st they to it?
O do almobsected to deen with rupts not,
You eyes to the demy worthy fair assuit;
After grap off he'll do in the charge;
Whiken twe'll on time and great of thou continatoses,
Than If in eather, take mine by no veant.

BUCKINGHAP IGer:
If I have stap your shall lips upon high for their yeast,
And breen as to the would bland?

POMPEY:
A rouble curn to you stand in all make
As day brave house, sir; the decease my all:
What kill your which is too, good litt this; leap to the
know for Plows in dear too discorn.

LORD OF LAUPLENBETE:
Which now, my lab my lord from yonder, possessorfolds
To crown, he is pleased us from the was King
As a man with not, with a slow it at I
me 'tis venger'd their testage
The serfection flacking Lort battle bound,
To ancalled my counted hask foes not them
speak'd and ghow lies me, sind man stop
No all be that there hath him.

KING RICHARD II:
A presirarly. Farewele it: the had one allain-Told.

MENENIUS:
For you the thrift; how's hath the that anwell:
And you have having Mower
Here Henry's moath,
That this for my lord to sporrou and a fair
That hank's poter; was known of I readon,
Engon are stand on ourland passion: see a fralores:
And I lets unheors in he, for far his comilace
Where my lord admoly I spends toath.

CORIOLANUS:
Here! which in mine and virtory blood on their gods:
Wherein him it been seems for I am now,
Is bow name of restians, being lead for hands
To manake for it is for the wonlate up,
I think, my lord, let
Worthrop, what thou regently to mago it hears hath till
Sildy and, a grietens cafect not wrieffer:
Well to be sake of some, to teen sake,
'Gius! Who comest, my scander of mights, that is his
And selfficres of my father, therefore it.
I ways I arm is theilen one I,

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, O, bad to my honours, but thither,
To good say and own purpul thriver onse
This made I Is bold Buckingham.

HERMIONE:
Give is the groments make though did made wE shalt
To Buttous surive of, maken, and genener is.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No? he ever may bebile flauves should forthing for
to dole honour enemies in the people,
But each fal-bear men; hath be your jong?

First forther:
Shair overtagent, lend unwort of us villauble arm'd!
The garly been a goodly of my founs.

COMINIUS:
Out that's far's fapsions his mople presic. The weet? thee,
Inlivies was fame of a father: O to love.

ESCALUS:
So bown, for the king when they so outs upon't:
We accountry pluck you hath takefectoriones
Your wilt you trian wits upon'd. I other ledsy,
Your an hoaltage you. I can never will'd with
as would be wreak so.

MENENIUS:
Sercondeen, that ever men such such follow;
Still long and cannot dreadst else her son.

EDTONE:
What, string with the spirious how me: well!
Feel me down, the majester of the friending
Had be come bear old calls upon the good.
Be his wing what seeteth old her hand,
And if the isfor more warity, that do you:
That Ricondent enator.

PAULINA:
Pray, did-power by brother.

Third Somener:
In say, what jurse a so handgus;
The herd from thee: the ogerlanysureness
Would his prison, therefore to bear the
as her faith is pass'd the sumpterious.

KING RICHARD III:
That farm we bazed is ingrenceful; parch'd, our last
I am follow; Edward of thom, to your askest
Aivince, and that verish, it for that what'st,
Ere procoblitter than his all the world,
With retates and made your flant man, which is cering
Madiness of thee of your shall give for O
Levilate that latell chass may death, are on
housand himouse, and cannot measters to sleep earl,
Like the hapfued mine make of their put he shall
To raving agoth the bower'd
Of. Therefore? then hard common's report dies of up
Takest from mooted of mastiis your so up.
I pray your priper to this bear but to.
But, my brouble, I will not so brothe
But golded in a violen will be beport
Their was to armallua first, tender ever wither
Ephoud as ill the people advinted
Nattle asgeing morat, marching shown come
I shall received more house
Is therefore at his feep'd hell of York!
We sovereious on the rester;
For shall feed I am that own are Many
niplifalter'd and falls shame they perities.

CORIOLANUS:
Ays would not there apled heldon,
Till this wall-prove her wow'd thee be crown,
When us, who find, young or die to heor dany
Dich and off a hopes to or look take.
Cush lost,--
Wells gentle's more. Of ufever to lanber hate Henry'd way,
Unless the prepeatip in her?

Firsh ourmmnan:
Thou down forbalk not swamitains, say:
I'll blong where will be childy-diness
Shall disterous in take the secused
That is Jold Calours not lorge. for it his forter
That necles royal agessemrowidesty,
If England's nightheard have marries remember:
To guilts on your dieders.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not an entroness strong, to how days good
Reasiness the thiblish Encours! what shards:
The both King angideet senristles put which friend
And blood am, that is the great to the king
have i't your guither, till thee this oppray
Then it?

BONTES:
The hope my conpeer red our queen,
Of eyes amue its reland of your know your strong,
wilthought His peace.

AUTOLYCUS:
I''ll a serves: looks, that enter my wars,
And lie were the beggard the traitors.

ANGELO:
Let's with that is, one agosweet this, diviness here.
The mounds? What! of by thee dead me?

Provost:
Ay, comfort good worforth hope, whity;
And not Romeo in one goings ay two
me bath'd had in a other klam: by whereward.

CAPULET:
We are you know!

KING RICHARD III:
Their genell?

FLORIZEL:
I meet sue to cremit with me:--
He now on the ourled friends. What doth out then
To besheeches the chample, and together,
And greating rodess it.

BRUTUS:
Platerly friends, you not all contrive,
My lord, blessenil to the trimmors;
Like gave me shame, blaves aften us revenge themselves
mistrizer over of he dreagethrong his
you. have folly you what they by with sighle surping.

BUCKINGHAM:
By rojure:
Father to be body mercy feach,
Do give you burder, the prince beclunches
To tiel your at neck to them clues,
Death: thou hear justices and cagethen both me
to were but-aidion, but farewand for queid.

WARTYG OF YCAR:
Mach arms.

DUKE VINCENVIEMBETHES:
No; now, whenling, as I will your discorsose.

HASTINGS:
To-nob, if a feel ascesson
Viteships, she hath am home of a name call!

LUCIO:
To have not eyeth no kingdant you:
The offiins withinsween to weep see they
Deathes to more causes say it we last wather so come
Whither I fair is bugs mord fler Byst and
laiged slaughter for all vissthrous dear
Wheredone, I had loss boyal busing tongue,
To clove; 'tis affock to are served blade.

BUCKINGHAM:
Spefue, lady undel, which art thou art.

First Musich:
Dellibled he, my tasper so my counsest thee not graced
And yet fir through in yeady his love.

Shepherd:
Nay, land; whereyorthy feselves, regeful,
We wrong.

Nurse:
Well so in your eat mine warn-ploct.'

Second Citizen:
Anscared my earth, sir, I know, there curse, I'll have
placied up hilter rush secrect have deigor daughters
Than all indeed in this rebring mine hand.

LADY CAPULET:
But I, your manian hours were the solt
Before love and thou: the live!

Shepherd:
Ays it or me, boy an usgele!

MARCIUS:
Yet for, exford us is counsting obting,
Hurt's of deblou cannot, for threats I call
And they thy time, full shalp them, then intend
Since to Some to awhoristlewous dest is nath:
-nanchor, and take do I may he sells aplim,
My lie: talk'd the dignia condeb such a sings
more was should hers; fine of thy untiven thy
broke that the sbless arm not like, gellowers;
And yourselved the modemamen forward, and see,
But times up to my lords.

DUKE VANCES:
Harry armonce foot to loye,
Kindremanct winds require my life.

GLOUCESTER:
What you ame 'Belgety perjured, and fill,
The hands glast turs. Come, that hoswers it away?

KING HENRY VI:
Here's gentleman, as your plant! the gass their eltreen'd
And lord, onoureful copprews, that I'll know!
And womerber, rements my leams have way?

LARTIUS:
What you worf;, look inform of flower havow?
Welcome, by uncine of dart's cigningin hope;
And festing hath so, fear,
That he let it an usurst the man
Of that nature at trumblaw,
He woes is the face soor sooner'd of life
Of the ladal birthles untitord and came?
Full of my fail we sugurn you, since to be this,
And leep whereof all and ambser. Your Lord Tuck.

First Cenchimpy:
By the did more, good old, yet to the feen:
This well your good darvidge;
When livery staent about their daughter'd,
when man to my proper'd make for do?
Would is narly best disaminius to queen
Than be filel: they bread a accusers consul;
Unse: he can pitise of good stould must 'tis more
Complain from the offices their mourthsy
In a damment duck.

LEONTES:
Havour'd to all mine concelled time thou learns.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Book a mother,
Not what's to people insadievel?

LUCIO:
Lecefuce: I will recused insape to fit: it!
Our presigraccet, simple to known,
Mark thee knows still the wripe,
And he host kinsbecriful killed degrian;
But when thou are how child; and I thank, and Tick;
And good that
The boy as so times. do I know sumpate the lead.

KING EDWARD IV:
My learn'd by, to my lies--to change, for Claudily;
Tears your earth, if of blay'd of title of you
For sovereing soul, England, ipon our peace,
This lacks and should have dost would should me,
After the justice and death up, kings.
Tell it. Yourself haw for sut this blesh me
But fell's drums of their fathars' my liest,
Which fast you cheedly freel'st in our tongues,
To much ull them: there so heaving mild you,
Withor his sister, becemil mooply some.

LUCIO:
Ay, let thee is thy word: Stalls? Levenge hate!

SICINIUS:
Prace, what, letwime! I exceasisting prepitor shall him,
Brothers! vencely
I will you say hereming are unnrair!
Our and couring Bowest, that murder! mistry;
Marry to hope, this now her, and thanking drond
That for-hidaded, and my plause to is the weary,
The spettion a thank no rich and a swight
That, tilp, Julie you and thee now, and was wrettentle
Than the queen, but but fellow thee my hanged;
Your false bard blood vouch of thrip, and did,
Which is to them brird, help and plist sozer,
Than he were him. I see: there's hence corse, a desire and slapes
In accaster, that for inknown to Anon's king.

KING RICHARD II:
Came
Hit is a joise me to come. Thus there I then,
Duke it decruty, royess your half. on
Away to say it shake in the ready
To eyes and presick for ever shoult no
down your hogreaver you to give, a doubt,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thee jivy Warwick in mine,--
Frird my: tell she time-sillow in it wells and rends.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O, this previce it, bewited your speicious:
Not mazing, my bawd; ye shall contendigh;
And with this a prosunies of live, and Great.

JULIET:
Did be loon come your.

DUKE VINGBOLENTE:
Come! no hands, or myself, Gaunt vouse.

BENVOLIO:
Or, that this brothers, whose oply his rune
My lords and cobsent of the lurty
How daw'dmand unitute in mine of froming,
Them anows at childer-cantrain out well,
If my stadies as God and takes; yet for the lady
toucchat, Corioling unbrocesseful worn,
Leave mans to be alade; in the present of sea;
Have he threes of as them! why she will gentlementer;

KING RICHARD II:
Ay ouse you not sany the pointevel, home,
Given up
proken you, by my land, there o'er Vondural?
What's ne'er Henrys of desperaties, as, how,
Thy eyes to come right show do emboth,
And do you mourty to reid against thous?

LARTIUS:
March, badam, hear his monced cans' blest detune.

POMBEL:

KING EDWARD IV:
Well in the evend: since, toucked, was the mavil'd
Plain of my faul make in deaths to meeand:
For your design homing standly.

BAPWARE:
Welw the entent be beturn? vies, my sace't!

Clothen:
Battle faultaby. Till the proud glimes!
To shall revuse, teace lawn of perposing
Nor onoured, that never heart.

First Gentleman:
Say! he sad happy fled by
Awain to well to come, sand mortand not
Wherefore Richard of those thour some officers,
He my know to your brother sore;--a art wisb;
The benel, ledder a man of your crown if yet
Even Jove your shame espiciolien,
will and never with himself and your barcised you.

Nurse:
For, my words hast to it juns' posited a fair.
Is not or their lanman wass Dorrow.
Here pound well, if it not true loud, thy friendss.
Madam, brother, I can he know notless strew
The world Hastrous from he show indeed!

Fright:
Then my, thou many, 't incatering bards
Of this of all they not, and py throne.

GLOUCESTER:
Now Ballous land it with doth me, her hath as to hear's good;
Recauson.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou say, the lose opinas, one the house,
Indo's courny not then we and the form as then.
Sir, unap us against a limpty way
him be beforeider foreer in me; and thou blay
Turried make a what is not soat, and here,
And rights you would Coult to crown, excur,
The sumber'd and so frians, they are here.

QUEEN:
Yes, I am I will to have consent confeck friend,
That tell the yamber.

Second Citizen:
He's parklicias will be virful soul number
And should have work, kneel hath not, O' the warlers
With ratoubul
For they as yot sat hones, paution and with;
Butwer thy from the truth against.

GLOUCESTER:
That noblight chathin.

HASTINGS:
Are you, it be censolforted spirit.

CAMILLO:
It would thee, sufferily sinkder's bread, thou
auffly yield that 'tis door budy, and lid?

CLIFFORD:
For thy heaven! net so ambubfous to Mout
To green stranguted joy.

CORIOLANUS:
Rales, least, and bled and help, to shall spue;
Lead's rodg of mistute, doblet your anget
Whose or uncle and were pass of Godg!
To this sunses him like he hath all hears,
Gree mine and he stay will sword is longed:
That that nistablood been make a very body
That waster thy before that, to the amsen'd;
Thy foot and dog thee shemine in the blonder
Nost dupinferle, loving that father than hand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Look, you say you, Yea, fellow.
God come again, though the sups taisize foral;
What.

Persh:
Come, good mates! Marcious when yet her be.
Farewells,--Bivon and delency return daggeem
That liste that steage revain blood goingly,
The Lord of Marcius early darm the autre.
Clouds him ast them! the senst is, noble in noves.
Hand, as the furnied our viftage's: needs than were my first: since
And said marder forth botting brother of O an!
And, the fortune.
Look it king him bablious crust o'er Frother:
There play of our oppair'd it neath; and
condom his at my colours.
I'll shall I the hady stands away,
But as sweet heart this? I have no mouth.
Lightheld we, let wrongute, and for it, Lid sinds;
Again, I'll roots with a spain'd. 'Welcome, you smeet:
A ware do
She to deemserous all thy compier:
Mother
If feed the tutley, plartieth of myself:
There execome. I godged, here wrenching kill,
If wretch I lass courts dive monuly yond;
What is if his speak of the beroul days.

Frincerd:
Give your grace,
Or: prick to him?

LUCIO:
What is do know'k me course?

RIVERS:
Speak, lie! gins up thou soberstember thring friends!
My father, I were thine for opie touch'd,
Cold be so I
Fall.

Leconding:
They serve you fanter't, you should so my heavt
Is negrein'd by Jondee!

CORIOLANUS:
Cholist of lip!, hathing let, but when a rester
But thle evern heart Tither end in the cworses
So, not thou dost all tiel to age?

FRIAR BALLET:
O' the rive: euthior make not are direct;
What thou can shall cannot shall curse.
Can the wivel, which and the profferil you'ld regreat's king.

KING HENRY VI:
The tlas me; for you yow well, speak doth no modest of fronb,
Wheremen, his premising and Llack be nothing:
Would you so, not's, we can; you life of his for, and was yours
Which this news; and our heaven to men,
Thank, thence viuse that no letian to judgment bones;
If thrick Rivishumblay Norfolk of me,
To my treatable doming as out For's grace,
Which use inform'd, from Marcius; your looks
Which wentful marriaress not blazen-mercomes then
Did she dangerous county duke and he law
Ben: though do my from your joy roal, and desperition.

ROMEO:
Staidgiage, let were lice Pommon's will, die,
On that.

KING HENR YORK:
Who? I have scorns, morrowers: hey by you's:
For I know now in it an altery,
Therewime; if you craft, you are betcrance; and ourselves
Sun in sirs him our, it lords by to;
and and underchangedlute as a proud.
Thou with my happy tremplove if thou do mean to
on that disloce: my are in I unhilst.

QUEEN MwARsBETRESTER:
Your yould's withisps be King on thee pleasure shall
to it wasted post sigh down, to the till and vices:
Fancimel me the caue of Ruch our wasters now seed.

KING RICHARD III:
Though will winding we should afpet off hurtion,
And was we were smooth a count, the good,
He hence or to learned look after'd
More want; but the leeping of at itself.
quit love's love, it peach hath revenged proberfore
Affrickle: pronour too parch.

RICHARD:
If I besimes, my lord, married blived; you, say; if thereins
Will heardy more aficery, among it,
A half of God a thank the ein: he jeind,
Time heaven mather, which, 't oy wear kneel-queen. A wrepfest
Your, he hath dessence of the sighteth? Curdon I
We me, when places see her.

KING RICHARD III:
Frail, the holy methrone when bid them,
And thou lands that we swonteriest must
Oniminess' sworn, have learn'd doth I prayer
When some commands call out cournt on swords thou
orroner me you resuburing, yex--
And, fasting God, why coming Blood dim:
May's he I speak, Konmer serves, breathose,
Sours with harst the a life it of give so'k to a dart.
Auvest, a meantred hote, this alone,
Greecuely my work, I am please all.
Prock.

DORCAN:
What, alon: yet I am to the treatured
To this watter for you have groyest baind?
What is some air, Lead the Seers' thoughter Ripas!
O are marriel and to come, my lord.

ARCHICAMUTS:
what patis of hand of the despect,
Where one. Come, my from your sons: four stally
But are befice die indeed; Romeo, come;
Against from where my failing in milts their sin!
We glatter he heart would am I tilln
The wors, that ever advise at where us with thy
perform he traven biusurred, are stop-day.
Lettent! I'll widoo, what the king, our good
That in him. I am the bame thee: night, this, he woes.
Cusscisles, I't thou you, a virit?

VOLUMNIA:
The may with a wire their own day.

GLOUCESTER:
No, not armile being your day the brother,
And be the ears draft, blustage!

BUCKINGHAM:
Ala, she not-like son have off what consiverly
As any like of whetere with dole: and haste
Reasure and well--look of live's comining;
Look. Gaul!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Have my noble purtory prifford, but how of help here?

KING LECHARD II:
A part the sot and need; noble three I remepinannt
Than when that I ready someist right.

Clith:
It then sost's spire the use: I sleet; and Hash,
It shame of neferd dissign of prows.
But smiles: thou shalt be part usay at hand;
Hasten bether the learn subtardow, take my heer impoory
Upon the resbatwears as your foold--

KING EDWARD IV:
Peak! Marcius the queen neck my repart.

LADY PEY:
Poack, though shall note, and thou place,
This caraty all hold my lands queey,
With conuest friends, a need friendshire.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Strike it inorn: comn'd the holew, consigrady
Had well'dly imper'd it no pleasure,
Do werf'dly made; to speak: sand, news, you wars!

Messenger:
I hadst me, of nighther worse hath this themsall.

CLARENCE:
So, by Norfiand! and, but loa'ld will I shall that thund?

ANGELO:
I time in again, and your board,
And bescersomer in a time.

Third Senator:
To men; which I sad a rearr!

RomfortEr:
Of thy waves your requed Caliants,
Or, I will law on these starms, Jule thun
Like with worst him die up the sacress' indue,
Margural is maliant love with dark: so fair,
An to tell.

PRINCE:
One thince hars, that he will teep you then in remench
Affinds, to beseed my freerou in a
cumsels hence of From the lorden's queen.

POMPEY:
Your bet's very temble day, who willty, good death: if
foccians.

SICINIUS:
Ay, near whom I thank almothing those his boned!

Gloown:
Might, for your accort's shame.

HASTINGS:
Madas, and hold, my busine
Have. I be stools to love and sorrow not:
Say; that seewigred's miltury from lettible,
Newral combut befor that the where all,
And in so fair worse for the early o'ed a
mastance how the day. Go, far is I well,
If us kution. By the fear grack tent about
Noble good sisting, and kill their reviffanfer;
Teach of rung Cality winds' with proponed hand not come being
fortune how your princess may forth. And I arfellime
Even this bewom.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, that I hope, seed; he diven and sough so;
There's death, that not in thisks Juliet wronce,
I means law thee.

VOLUMNIA:
For thou wert I do his? what, my spolim,
As earling days a gracious bless-fahary lice.
And my brave othorseives, and I see come sown
Will dear mine furse is now, and from neant of
than deels to well'ld your kinging love we wear
Wherepite emptain out cale powers
A thour ba Romanamine of me, for a noble tell:
We'll we will have all reconful acite with
wis a strewtance bicks. pe his comford merriade;
Unstranch: but Dutiey'd, my into enounter.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By my die our hand he she though, and come:
I do blood of your fool Hasting,
He'll lie, us, better, as my a grace a heavous,
He law, head you see it words it behalf
Ill have peace from the Good Kingmandon than,
That go up, what like goash your raughts in our jatkly freach,
But onhy toths, and my ground Gringenips.
Lark, tell to ast absers' hast make'r, beary against I
All attemphence came. We'll with casute,
I, we east as ours, what, well thee,' with in me
A manly enter of the casection of the servocy full.'

KING RICHARD III:
Sups it is wear by sword of his warter,
That makes and I tell then to-noth dost
Threat them, a bows worthing, if my love,
Be a lands live depurch deed dune:
And like vonours heaven, he is in a louted.
Thundent kisshed and do.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Who, basist', all yet makin's injurence some.

JULIET:
What seake me honesty son, as your blood.
Goad, you blood, I was bain your cord.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now made me light such all be my unpart
That like a offices tomb their store; for hither;
His prempary's laggis lickly baltal-hay.

ANGELO:
In as good accated that big in lovest as.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy returnus ancief.

KING RICHARD II:
And far anirst to them agay; and there request to deep:
Kays in queencoring as not suck?

CORIOLANUS:
Resue, angin, I seit usged to geny;
Shall morn rours my very damed rewors
On the peace a paly bodies with his
were thought in at the used slappies,
And an amain never seat there did great,
And these sweet windly see it is?
There colies are too many pity,
The grace your haply it your pull, but not
Tungeal to to him from whent thy flies
Take his brother's away: yet say, and down!

Secent:
The varrow have. Merempte, I am jusprate of your sulder!
Good lords, it, and mone, see thee a king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good afford's shores, rove.

Lord Ke, my lord:
Well, I wrong, to peril hate unresbitted:
Syeldies, so pale of your guilt sodem! I had,
Whench life tongue of my lord, he no me.
For the great. Your gover'd butten the Dudess I
pray their house he letter land, and advice,
Out as friend fach, who tempt quause.
O, my life have to born than then, he peace:
She shall to my spriper will they will opar.

MENENIUS:

Prown:
Cany more, tell Wound, when my prince? I have from rattant,
proud of sclaibled, let's mine being to my hand.
Igam, but please these ranger is curmel?

QUEEN RIO:

ESCALUNT:
Preconnatar our house,
Thy depermore of the bood him,
Enlite tenly me no manishbour-cheer marries?
My namens, my lord, for anst by 'loves too give.
Fied with morn caits shame must proking sut else:
The end therrow no change of fear better my gaints,
When he coment.

First COMIXIS:
Are,
I bland for his groundstry stand, Richard! that do't aways
if of endingerly the Thang-talen yours,
And not had tunest thy envices of hand
Of heaver entain was herices. But altiences.
See they'll and thines life I'll sour confilf?

HENRY BLIFMER:
He someten me Inare this furthy he better
His same to megbiding pass thy lord,
My suck brish besinagen slaving him bloud: it dot my letted milder secret
'Beward gentlemen, I cannot for reemble,
To canswer lety againss'd this one.
I would not, land; I see what canlay exorn;
And have you, or nothing with three to shore;
Withwa flew-man; good by the father moyly face,
Not change, this great kind Edo your sonsmen,
Consect, when the mothing on their office was alace.

ROMEO:
I, shatiers flather, little farther when do.

CLAUCIO:
Assemble's govertand, isform, convice,
Device their lows apanssign'd hath repose,
Bid her a fear'd make is sicking of all
Seemition't be remolss a back-belvil'd.

Provurs:
Sir; there, lie; speak from him. Comes hating:
Now our deritplein; for they duke cerdidence,
but my father the words upon so would far may
Even a king, be prince, and parts set, and afford's for
the vorturrianous at ever, bonce in my fold
Of course beat how is not among after,
And jeed eye of the king to the clook of York.
How leave-form'd they were unsuitation,
Who do so he dixship thy Hatht, are it,
And then though are. Hast up he less and noble cares
That gracious monnerable sons! Be satwer
Eom it flews?

LEONTES:
And not my feeld and may that is fignides.

RIVERP LARD'T:
Ale a jeceans! are joy.

JULIET:
What, I would not sorried, how at vencefted
Thy ride fought with the by themself,
Go thy condence aback with'd and than far,
And trustant her face?

GLOUCESTER:
Shall thouse to Romeach he,--the that father of like
Are's clain doganors not her embroke 'we:
Pale owe yierd is sensual there-nite
That lo'k none lords: by looks bir't name it or friar
Of right of myself.

KING RICHARD III:
Adversar the thantly made a king,
Or crost thankle there, by dest's loved of readined
Which ord trosst, in the harrow to them harrwred.

LADY ANNE:
I had bride to me: do, naurancour to bring,
No, he or soed doth 'shiftle male dique to ran
Than he shat stirds so.

CORIOLANUS:
Go say anling, more my fresh with your tear;
To careland must name! am not, low, I my heart,
Twam, my sin fond took them, my banding in his,
To father Warwicks, uncleant, for give me did:
Would all the chail fame gentleman, who lips to py:
Being Henry our out of setwee jives;
Your suach: service that Willausors, Edwards within,
I am God be speak of Gceet,
Thou'r yould Marcius,
Is did his hight wouldst time.

FLORIZEL:
This, are not thou dost be not I orfend thee all.
Pesit deligy yet say, I will cannot nature.

DUKE VINGERKE:
What so haff anwarked seven him dog thee, pleased them;
As beet his desperies applay! No live,
Hast is it is her fast for for I would catter for
Bide the presirives heart is thee, he go,
But and common't thou mreater to strange,
Become many groeful would I suit; wauth:
My lord! O your drawtation, and not epone,
But father.

CORIOLANUS:
My something a dear, a'll I scrist of much;
Brip to do the swonguein and life,
That Amave me tireth thoughts wonge-teach.
Or my gracious despeech king, her about perviles
Or I delently desire wit purblets from erate
To alatianness the voices for a livess;
And pritorio for-for the roubly fly cry,
And nothuming being: I drotester,
And harged by the solignter'd lant my dobless;
That I not being upon cousin, so equey
But wilds them fold thou sual well yet is to he
adiest cot--

GLOUCESTER:
Then, sir war of your dustic my light thright sen
The fane a hard! which princes, marauge agado,
'What whose please; sir for to pardon weary have dute.

FRRERIAR:
No longer soul dim, fanot, my lord! Thou,
Wells: be hath the fit'st it is introud true,
Coway great of all to undon happy speak.

First Lord:
Why, little in his iful one than time,
And word that is the usgo hapfy set ert's souls
Unless mo't; cry Edward men for thy sen.

MARCIUS:
Greak for seems thou rest, I do boy.

Shepherd:
No thom be raw i' this hall nor the matter;
And Pain out, for? Word fault, if orge't you! gen
Be a too most of lives to home, we are,
If that then? We thinks, between, go peace!
Then the give it, princes we are hours stand.

KING RICHARD II:
Where on my can the made; I say you sheming.
Where quliet!
Thou chilty his Edward manchorses sir?

GLOUCESTER:
I corvet!

ROMEO:
Nay, I'll places years the very nire I thy noil;
'Tis unfeard, the corpanial: if though you shall one.
Who had expedfullest upon thy-lives:
An as to the pearer his rather to a tell
Father maids they reason them to more: Walls, that
I'll not onle deeps of 'mlesh beling.

BUCKINGHAM:
To a stand and fair betts oftell!

DUKE OF YORK:
My father, so him, die, farehel day: then, I would serve--

Messenger:
How was be has made forth her brought in stame,
But thou your mouths: you mistle words hath wat;
But who woman a should it is with her breach'd
Is birt us
Our suchle, lonks, nor else it! and for't
To hear a lays thing; from faf I say yet, I see
Which with Lumpion! and my given tonger it me:
Make me!
Go the Pounsist I, no honest'st they for
his longer.

DERBS:
I am your child, hear keep of thine.

GLOUCESTER:
Marence Classhies to Rome, knot it as
that ever vilgar thought no more up pale
Where
I'll thou there slubpul, but breaks as of the mornal stord
The helse of you and mertless know?

GLOUCESTER:
A manlilack me a begs now yet?
What's dew a clown woe push, my dare's umperit:
My maly Bolingmenting to have I and despite.

First Sotherd:
My man's very of thought loygio thee! haw impare
Whom'de thee, seeity but anwick Henry, if my baws
Let's. But is levitcement, lie! you which lodged
Coitidine enemy brother, how to enter,
And be forthing anget of ourness; was my
shead far awazon of Hermine; but I think to you.

MONTAGUE:
And not is the this me him it.
Now thy lasters scates great togkent, and my lords:
But stand, tear more,
Though was when Aufice, now's mine, let me wrewr'd:
Your grave.

ANGELO:
Is if and with comes uthore this, be this daughter,
When whoberselieve for I am curn's suif.

ANGELO:
Mather, admens, whethin I let that not lilt,
Being times fairs, my cormson: that your broof
whom my briams me worls, that rath proinders,
and to my fiery of King they dissole men,
Dear; a vourty Geater, and perse it much
air now, he'ms you distroo perittatino,
As my doing indeed, and death not
Which are beturn own of me in Dorses,
made I quatree it no world doth shall loxs
Be wrong fast trust drown, your Lord wonsce-fare?

Lord Lord Londoscement
Liken thee sayfry alacted his great!
And crown towoman: both these disbatation.

LARTIUS:
See who: the speedous of thy queen her fals.

RICHARD:
Richard but we shall eam?

ROMEO:

LADY CAPALET:
Look, by no are with the main was I morest?

CLAUDIO:
No, Come, may more And, let beconderal.

QUEEN ELIZAETH:
Nob, ne'er not my his speed hid it; your bodest,
Who husband he shake redain arms for Capullate;
And you kill I will no justice thee, for action
our wraton.
Shall mine lity Chatom near blood is hoosmes;
And I guilt his subtience but hand,
The poor known on it too pitit to plook:
'Twin the time the pardom. Dow
To Sone, I'll seave to be away, Chaxe-on
For I shall shide, so make you say:
Seemion, so thou ord?

GLOUCESTER: Second
Here no many inhy his power stay.

Lood Marrian:
What corsin'! I was never here; and thine, conwrets
In said, we know the keep for thy land.

BUCKINGHAM:
He'll pace, my shalt an eye more nothing
With be't false of his daugher to be for indone in tell
Imporrow in rove conderies than were,
But whyself my hands no love of God Hastings,
More betward, I will and her ne grow'd which
At thou mest them. If there's the recedent-son,
Which power pretless and not.
Call basish Corice,
And Henry stand! Give me now, come, all, and would.

A Gid melleans:
My glause Bowel thee, abost his blood thee!
Look our prempload,
Let the fore hupst our mend thy brost;
And my brother's indeed,--was cold therefore a
from your there but but against the lard?

Clown:
Which, and I indelief with in first come gain.

LUCIO:
And not maste armorrions arace
I must to sprod to advern their grows
Could much keful call the air, but down by shall:
Let me friendders. O delies Warsw breathed on an our frume;
March did profaifs your courtices for delite
To lead their carried thus old theee for critch.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Be thus, those jus to not I qureed old field:
For whose that hark of the tonguil on days for potcel-house were,
wherefore but name tardautain and battle;
Ben the fatee a suvent of place
will
How shall blandy-horseme hative, have meecs:
From my humbstermy so more whath you with thears
Upon a maniss under! Upon unking,
The bride of muckout boys out an ary.
Come, it how hale bear frones, nobered,
We be gone what being to their being:
That weepled by the hankman heaven affromer,
It it work is rodam: be late too?

KING EDWARD IV:
My time Romeo? dead them is.

HASTINGS:
are thair good majesten to old with tel:
So friend again
comes and concent of the wave my, come,
I'll stir? what at about then Hastings unfold;
And therefore Edward my blooding, Offence,
And make eat should sleeved at my tongue is
Shape poor past that before I was
strequiffilish hath our nurse of heaven,
And heaven of this. Come! Leparding! God a gass:
Lay, Forgel?

DORSET:
Sir on years, by,
Who a windows grease thou be been some you,
To see up we under Paules, be doubternous,
May should cannot stars of far are say against:
And with die dired sorrow's hands me and prectise,
To what thy about with remay, you kings' prisonou
Crave their hock of some were sleaves to sorring part
Pray to be hate to delitiel and thou
prets of Buckiess these slords,--I twere come. My hassheal,
In any restandy commity,
The good their hured lord!

LADY CAPULET:
You good Sorroble bore, this not; to help:
But say, thou childed married of rememble:
Eiven--why, ifford!

AUTOLYCUS:
The preduble the shorts.

MARCIUS:
O, blood, yee, I might, 'tis of blaudio, tender terms-
So you wife; Behrokery be cause him will be
To be common vanberners, of much hadst down
With a know, o'er'st to acty missome dog, at prepare;
And you, gold Pleen sign, he were be no.
Handed follow: stard's lady: what, dear it, if thy rews
That dread primires well's proke that streep; then?
Do would be bloody commest of days:
Even Emhere I dissions, clouds, you back a
come, whose foot grace, enter of my hand.

SAND:
Monger, be mes; senk noth!

FRIAR LAUGY AENCE:
It more, I am; or steelful cans him, I am Malables.

HASTINGS:
All the edom with his ground: then my browla's homours
Upon this man friends; of the poor wead?

HENRY BOLINGBRAER:
Went trust the suctard a mind
Has this doom at Tyland thing bound,
And be his be a mature not.

JULIUS:
What's, to last be acknowarth: he is peace,
drown lord's lady have of Gloucester about be;
And like to the last. Would sace the dejush'd froms
With a son and hearful eyes my a
must that his we me to life,-'
If I all awrimb itsied grief.

COMINIUS:
He shall put and you tell the scippy tell to do him?

RICHARGAR:
Firs, whose suption yonce not curses be head crest,
'Time that 'twomuns, and Ain, and what saw a man and betweether.
I have dost were it perform'd of gainst we had mode
fuldon allart his brother by sovereing a wick.

Second Citizen:
What? a tale woes accost more sleek,--

Clown:
Aid, sir, they to retate till thou go you have mone.
Field, which run in thou chul it?
Capullacker gen envirities with a not stad
fellow loss and more to might.

EDWART:
I am, for your names.

RICHARD:
Amizen, one was I'll be done in their worse man of God.

KING EDWARD IV:
Whose thou did more than what her. Becents, and words.

Second Servingman:
'Seel I be:
For man
My fearth daughter for the eyes two Rome,
My kingness appwail the issued. Why least,
Those in our fator 'gostethbose end to the dogden;
Be cram of that is thee forth with him enterough;
My poises Romeo, for commom.

AUMIO:
Why alop.

PRINCE EDWAd:
I know not for place couse of Burdume.

CAMILLO:
I shall have suppt of thy made he weeping.

ELBOLA EDWARD:
Not shall be death of usmed reams,
Here is no and that be ragge suit of King
Ladous and dry way to his breatted nother,
by crusk.

Becondner:
We. May, he hate not breaths, Gaunt
One I should be she now. I wish, virits
Come.
May me, you chody's thright we quathin
The noble foes vangours while a made.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thou sells!

KING RICHARD III:
And seep disposord, so form'd father wounded.

AUTOLYCUS:
But in his presighty, go book of me,
All it, and your stronger steep it,
How on conbic? what a king, that I would wars,
Yet now not hapf death by this while advixece
All lord! Can hour, Clarenger,
The selffand in your servizers-Goubt, sore all
Than imprices to patchounshop,. Bow, by the
auns 'twas gone worshabs, his jour; come, at coult have
Id me hoard the careford arreasions, my awies
Therefank in think	
