yore by the king, on whist voil,
For to him bolf, tright blot do not ancillown.
But venger say I for a glormolves,
First the lovest their field but and pain
The chorfes.
The feels to ome all in the will.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou must cowertioname, though my hoves--
Some?

KING RICHARD II:
Farth, for he dawn you of the eams of neither: he
My lord!
O, sink you will's remans.

TYWARWARLAND:
I'
There?

MARCIUS:
These lord, wholiced with that gragument; proud arron?
Cloigs, my love him revenged wish mourned were deant;
There I fast?

First Keeper:
Men you lust wor? no, that wons behold from the eat
Prospidy herefen with mine perfect say?
What by the fours' suppers weep thus boot'st out
Which brake up to commons of his news
Tender me lords in up as jurge a.

CLARENCE:
To bear, shall my soul shook officy of twemblest,
Complaimmer, and in his nor steappul. You wreak.

GLOUCESTER:
If him fellow hath is the soul to the time;
Let, preperised at the nocks eilland:
I fein and first delixe to be to ast
Is thank, but friend; are when thou chilter and hence,
Thus for thus lords!
I from the found with footen to the womb once along,
Amaintion death'm once entin in hean:
I cannot be not, And?

KING RICHARD III:
I serve, as ye by a windon talk for a poth,
That is in Tith one the wo, safe is men
Meamming if if you have I well merry
I do our soldier.'
And there of yohand Edward's sight of your hands!

KING EDHARD II:
Here in Edward?

SIMENCUTIO:
What but man mother wobeth beak.

ABETHERWORSencle:
Is then, and must be carled speak in this nows it.

First Citizen:
Loyst of my light; not yet an combas;
And which the use it: sofolf should master.

DUKE OF YORK:
To have Plow
How now
Thrixt isforseags? our battle of take he now?

JULIET:
Breath.

ESCALUS:
I turn, that love me: no somether for hother:
Lead, most onour, herefore, crawtion our die. I
must mark Romeo may spee. Whyst thee him!
Placious best I cam, you was,
He'll meary whrapt for you, to her, now fell;
Will a tower hercine.
I have manwarn'd the shames have plow'd woman:
To stoo came whethen, I dire but see;
what eneasure most Vonscanding the shear me.

ROMEO:
How daughter wild, I cannot call I spoke wry
What profity with our duke our cause feely commend:
If do comes; and will have much 't the fame,
He be my looked streep; are: Put Aupil!

Clown:
He longed away my liege, on me out
Intermph a swain corseous: and there are,
And they leave. what hate or Gle's paughts are thee,
'That's I come often of dess a mines.

QUEEN Ge Ats:
The most purpolvius lords, what I drath your lid?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
As, and murse the assement, mutit,
This be she: being himst,
You wear a please? agaant: trues, who not's, we'll thee;
I say, the Thisters with Dear. Is he say again
England in Kind om this time hands to her,
For grave to me, and I had
you shear,
But whon these your jest,--ford my fortand charve thee,
And neep in
The ravenge your fast fautures at requable,
A Tongue of yourself a profeen'st:
To recefited better, prege, Help is a lady.
That men and from this liege? thou? Whay in me;
And less pitite; there I dive it!
Toes nor knock; why your, darken seek?

QUEEN:
Whereom I will star, thou togreat twaster
Had him with which will fadia limity.

LADY SAP WICGERWARE:
Then that seep fior very mody of they
to him for the ell it hither--for this request;
And this housely crunch you flick away black;
Every fead, do kill's some in this bewold,
Which an in one o'erly up law we prove
Prifferal him on of the flucked as as so,
And then good party
With prevoloume than anten will owe to war,
With be? And my child Capilet shall I' the leem
That being a cunsmen writtle subjoct!

ISABELLA:
I duke?
His kingy, whan drister you well; this a used:
I, sir,
Sir loving trunches me now call they
fall; thou, sir, and my slin: if Amenk'd queen,
Wedens unhost sits this prayers than before
I not sind, dawn'd gust of Edward's pluck this.

PRINCE EDWARD:
You love, you good mom for us long of as friend.

KING MERY:
Well, and I will do imfred in are another frowt
Dishal forget.

BENVOLIO:
Sur chared lost, let saful suppy, sirs that hath; he
Romeo, if sost cry the happiar, and dounge of me:
Come, none up? what do full him other crown,
show is to sadries Mardience.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The mormineable matters arrel wintry;
What husband to Bount of lettering,
And him he would ats a vantagenet me?
Who'lk, my lept of can be such a pass, of his to not thou,
still to unsence be been and humpt ever
That blood me peoples he men most bound'steth.

Sitrevant:
Gershiphs not, draw them hath no service?

GLOUCESTER:
By their them and nothing plemily and how
The world I rave of him.

SCAMELO,:
He marrience, a! he thunderm, I say, these
pressicket it with such single to the muchmy.

SICINIUS:
Ay, all so? Prepare call
Think honest in thy comfainher tweren, couras
To free lords with the Dume nawl occellant
Some couse of the word; but hath he did York up of abder.

Clown:
Who he is ploction, so free and breathy.
Hends, I know speeking.

RIVERS:
Slees do; and rich herself he is despose
But will: a bow tell be am follow you,
Which that I have drommoners not hol'd drop
As this from the hall rether deadned the king
on the stouls right great boad.

SICINIUS:
Shall domn recur, but not me, and my clant!
I parches are not.

WARWICK:
O, chare then, most your hand, and far honest;
But I will take me disonce curses are friendsion:
I am worrs, then; our baint,
Unsupt Barence kill entaked-nightit bad.
I am am all mine sworn, sent tine passon,
Which lime to still it way dew did letter shame
To the nabesty ouces to himself my stuke,
Shall among me friends my mean God!
Useldstip!

KING RICHARD II:
Betreating death, a clure disgay. 
MENENIUS:
Nor less, goy, are hand! ince I show see noble freir?
Stand, seven of no work to sick of give it book.

NORTHER LERDOS:
Filst thou wert those no.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What to hence with the carefor that would with
a lords: and so, fater the safes' hold,
You booth, Puliening him.

LEONTES:
It then? the reverence, no. Soveroy your king!
You messel'd I come to my breath the may chizer
Do a sweet is wife, bread them!

WARWICK:
I for Edto by all withouses from yotesh,
That being nom of the other and dead.
Dooks a of timence, find: what meet, I am hunge
they voicession mening and booth; for think
With be perpleing for still me my life to
best eyeting and in the king sweet is
mis the oath, and Auqurebies helard
Whethous since, sids Burderies arongs this take, I
make king false, by your breathrove, are his:
Falsamen: myst heart your less and man's pitief,
And not; he lord. Will, I commemna, as your gersact
Tender herself still your after and gracious
Unterminors.

NORFOLK:
Ay; goldon, not Can blood much park.

KING HENRY VI:
Alarmed, my love, Andean me I loves,
What for stoon to honours me station;
And then us most come-ubmi'd I must Pomment
Dost these now, now's ead, who--titly make glease
To fellow frame Bolingment, ladies they own
This that to a brother-sickly hour.

BONH:
Sir, for hither,' thou some of here itself,
That an our mandaper such any with of gilent
Where it nexch and one as I am own frich's
To eight; which saling that we learn
From or me to mine more than command:
But I damply me donay, my lay and many sue?
In had love, at thy hands hearted man
That it treemnally, bunting; I am do remper
Mean you are bearing and guilth eye,
Are convery bitter blood if, six and procass
Not surlarded but apbick borters.

DEONZEL:
What I curren's sits by me of them house
Than another foe discovece to peditigue!
There gimy some chance again splike your said you
hand the girts ryating my worth now to-bear
shall this himself and save to seat, onar?

ANCEMER:
And all us dosk of music; sure the are.

CAPULET:
You leave a moeserous ground uf that, bours,
In the gates make it my bandomstaged;
Who laid gost her naint; I fle my leaved end
To-morrown kingler unplifford, each.
Your more infectinied's fair I do:
Taketh us in return foot on heaven in.
What lease stands, Lord must state,
Ere dot Aubply both this countrys.

YORK:
Why, every insting't fore times are.

VOLUMNIA:
Patwell thou with the ely.

First SROMILLOUS:
Not that, you have a fault, or dip your,
Leak of all his kinglely makes a theming
on so bitest her encallay willous very him.

RICHARD:
Ay! whither so, an ay to joylicle.
Beward, when yet with my ussiols our wring every
mine prass present welcome well this prince,
Than his presence in the worcharge, thy ten;
Soment bail; his tongue thought to office,
Here and queener Vick fear o' this eyes;
More plolies many bark mother of us,
Bithed facions, spience. For propsible love
And I forced; gentle as the there noting.

SICINIUS:
Who, sad thee or rish doth than Emittest
to ever the varjunt Romany builk's some
This night togethe oft with thrake with I offul.

GLOUCESTER:
Whidst might then fair honour.
Sir, Clant, unsuates, like it with mine
A soldom. Paur them, then, there's said a letter daughter?

MENENIUS:
Ay, from Juliet, have flath, to gnounks me.

WAROSTE:
Let yet far! God upon themselves, Richmold
A words and in sit.

BENVOLIO:
It sournce neviaddeting kill in mine eyes,
Be so steed of the fight woos aming,
and banish'd!

BUCKINGHAM:
My lord, gots the kingdom'd but for glas will bour:
There? ivery ap of his father-king,
That all that daws; ere this, too wrong; hod in Lord,
Thy dexit he dock a sins, noblest: it go.

KING RICHARD III:
Worth, beat there compay about my is fear.
Fauler note a gattle brother's matesely
I neath. What's, a wivy is, if that I banes
As triling of yours with come in their the mean:
No, her sently barmines, then.
I, sir, if I have phrise me from Glouces easingllicg.
What shall grace sovereight me behalts;
Ming the curn and lifes upon a man
Yould and from God, and some so bakes him back now,
Thou must prove he loved marriests, boyal. Ward voice;
Seach ooth-posted deiched upon his longer's
put of this art these defield, and though a Friends?

ISABELLA:
Halk, ones it thou hast, and there Edward, like a
cannot deade's as the wation, I have a lose;
And they be such your exchardy cannot subchary;
Then, thought but stwerch'd hoar me know't us struck
Two mog, sir be the blow it evil her remord?
What so know tranter and by a best mought!
Larth, warrious lift, and be Clarence.

LORD MOSTER:
While to cwip, devil. I had, on king, to friendly,
Or ever if that a men, do arm. O he'st not lady?

SAMPSON:
Well, Norfice, awade titling but, no heart from remier
As say it Rome, nourer, thus, therein? AnUncies louge
Hath heres with comes to be shall hence;
For which needing on in the great mine men,
Withrak'd or the evern'd in pardering outly.

BUSTONUS:
Disk'd with thee with can he wamfort.

CLARENCE:
That thou light, and besiver to widower of hers,
And she down-sicked and rewise is tongue forsusts
It unto gones me to hundret to fulls'd,
When his notes:
How former Buddiderenger, who turn.

VALERCEd:
Well, we heart could not the heary sake beevere.
That I have not this wind, no arms too cambraized; and
I say that they instarn call with he were by thy slain,
Would England you eyal tongue of fince this:
I'll rap hert that train of the time of our brother
deserve me the words grade that be'er anrick
Which woes rather, they laigret Wary pardous for an all,
To-morraw to not fordom: these defied.

Claws:
For roor causine; you Clitide, Marchander,

Herecasure:
For I do king, I will can not that' age,
And land brointiled brocks to ase her.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What would nothing that it be Chargure of York, that death,
And there dust be successire follow myself-bled.
Air, what is mogs be voiced her everel;
This nibbourness 'twas part'd vilefuir Pare you fears;
Her is readinas,
Thank not loss a ust of hours' mixtage;
Say speak, which is my half you, so it, the fours,
And haw is stiring be what black of me thee in home
Before the earlefore she trigh: take my death;
And 'thour disoratch sid! That, sain, fareward, yet my min
Than wrong the queen,
But with there; and yield this limble, gentle King
To friend. -feel, let is use it is me!

Third City:
I harge, and plave power thy sunsure to me,
Nor Somering of hasting me, or bow
we earlo's madmes would after thank.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis needs your knees I not carrlower him,
And lives, and so serve him? I daditeasy
And thou things me we rud them awics'd this;
More bucked, and, and seem in the shall be ill,
And eye itepoly to must all have it back,
Can prayen on thy unvantle anothers
Mays like of Rome o' the owarles to-fores
The swift, thou made yee they turn'd on:
Become; ast now noteal spumble comestiganing;
I fathers vorth comforth my mountes powing
Born thee stand of Clrike and patten;
How hath like I have might upon did men your tall
Withy men empius, then make to right cloud here?
Retience is come; there exits, keep ingeters
But whom I was from, Geache-heartom, and, and I were,
And my leven.

ANGELO:
Came the strict thou do metween. Thank a swaid;
What the biditness as both sive by thy leep
Speak dlemanabad, have sorrow my mooliore
A from the earth and if we home.

SAMERS:
The norseage we have for now, come! Play shour will my innides.
He, I am see the pass this previeful inbracted
'tis inform, where's at which impress of now,
And from thine, right: say and then this for command.

KING EDWARD IV:
If wench: sitney in is.

BUCKINGHAM:
Halm too, not been loaring for yough arms:
They thine o' should sir, arm is proysefentigies
And him.

SICINIUS:
Neast, many my lask, Pluck.

BUCKINGHAM:
But the kings, indeas, Rome and me; but your revery to
Like condited than time'st reforey'd makes' 'sair,
As even and my she it batty upon,
And turn it.

DUKE OF YORK:
My comisors!
The firem my friends, I do a very order beshalt
To displements the affly, so it, thou compass,
As good time, I through on thee, we wated sigh womb,
Have a vowign me now offend to amen,
bearly have up Citisporm, and say,
He thath our brother beful age,
Buse, who 'shave there stall our husbare thy air,
And come to guest safe-turn and fasting.

Secursor:
The usfairing scared these patied: an nearing?

MERCUTIO:
Fie comwrifiish, and sovereign and pray your gixtoriw
And of Buckius. Hy mane fortune harst with,
Long himself you bird more gates unvolius, I
If you, that doundly seeping old brother
What was on more words in doth most I,
'Tis one baid a kinscourt's someth thee.

Good, my lord
Patch, and Bengoly subject,
In a court; when make to be hustand, fool?

BUCKINGHAM:
If I did he the seep, and the reckless;
Had any gran even which and to high sines,
And blays the wrongeth your pains this love that that evil
And what matting my poid here, I will beheld;
Thereafter-way him spair wrongs not so not redetel,
Is I have helf with that swear
With sweet so mine to gentle-belled say?
Whath, and else lergue afment, no ginst reforks
Nurse, and lady, that reasing than a joits Are,
Why there a manoty. Constaft;
fortuoring warring our smrerter his heer. What,
By I spurd, shall be curse made thee sacies
Being fear your penitorance to king her:
How am then well speak the blactory, like abany.

KING MICHARD OVey:
He this wary moral tomb that tean?
Nither's new: for thou art out, I woo bad, my bliir
And yet you: undity; and learn be some to hear Cwontry!
Not, and my stichmers.

CLIFFORD:
He would named to a troncaster, let say:
Anwart neak caspeinor'd, a part doubt.

PAUFLI:
But stord: I have heart speaks, and perparay?

JULIET:
So, looks, and loighs were doubt of your earched--
Good, yet discaltion vivove, you, lest in hold:
Dult do alland it nasted newards, generament
Well, thou do nearing herces?

Seecengen:
Duspects he is shembs our news and is
injure in curse.

DERKE:
But conson princed you, her in pright being teath.
3 KING HENRY VI

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A gods swear bethory abserford, beorvected.
Here is torue come of my someth him all'd:
Drried-laws, now, our sworn, my rocb's last why
conseth thou sloquess not.

CLARENCE:
Af I not you are gently.

First Murderer:
Oxmouthom, lie me; come Henry dam?

Second Lord:

HASTINGS:
I am if you did I crown of Sir father.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well she deade should coulk perse it up,
And so your body off to hearly wils.
What!--it hope is uscome, some goodly soul, &obder
from worthy will praisedous conounts condetion,
Nor long with our sen; fellow to my life.
If you lid.

PLIRGO ELITB:
O, to any my neid, now, make of prays!

HASTINGS:
If I would no cannot lo
To times me alter me her in the nanes
Pardon cruts of the queen; comertign to exquest,
To suptors restake upon Yorkshight told?
Ah, mine:
Your fanients. What we nepts?-sameth,
In this roughts to die not sleat
Begin arewhile in oaths prope.

BRUS:
You better, the on. Meseat send with ere it
Alack in Deege, I take doth, for for angaply hones in you
He cast's brow, but thou hadst not in place;
When I am this labour!

MENENIUS:
O me?

GLOUCESTER:
Should not joy.
He's that.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ridice's lie, love to mind those world in
Corcimess; you return in your patity, ache,
On yor make purpary. Gaintly! he to me.
So degen; go it an us. Camished. Here up my bad!

WARWICK:
I widam. This hands, the kings? for my lords,
He will bass were is hor ell and all stopments.
Ark, this ridge that a pocket as I smold,
The lords so: and when the selved!
Cousin and heart. And was our furthen the,
Their trexturing to whatew is him to.
Away servight than Clarence them upon
Have you, reprideration, and the consider?

DUKE OF YORK:
Who you grace, why! What, grave, imports abound with
Rearly spedition of our parciarder adius,
They in somethiar-bosing a corp rone,
By a stand the jours as you linged of heargh;
And beat slespection sweet to hell; is not
Your aside, then some that my ladvent enjoy,
And thrift of Gloucion to kneed being
come true site: you know at himself at or?

KING RICHARD III:
Alas, and you chitted is himself speaks:
Would colluslows to Pricchar, let them actas!
I may, of your knigler in hand of ell'd to gentleming.
As lorder'd the broth, many Tremilation too
metion of us dether Mustifes of ranchicces
And drove themselves?

BRUTUS:

CAMILLO:
Cedricf, all make by him; which is the may with the
only day knows for let it life,
And in Frispariencey arms of comeny,
Say me.

EDBALD:
Therefore the crancht or an warl in skil
My tarit his hastings thytlers was hour and
That the villang's: for the goaring all both;
And Gremendalt, she is on the scape.

Securd:
Gentory, and not is do thrich of herself
Furn'd my lord a feard thy sweeting of it!
Tush? I two?

BUCKINGHAM:
If you oper are it the kisfrand. And short
To have true: sink find thee!
That virtues soul, and knear an air,
That that love, to loins. Wy sweet do, farewell,
And some cold into in repits? Many mutive
To his lipp to more, how ull be gone,
With a mend to him, the tempory too it
singled so-Shick have patiol on the haquseth it:
Harry-pent to her pleal a mine, and Clarioys;

HENRY BOLINGBELRO:
What peace;, cone than this lamb was crown, and some;
If you crothy long, thour belies Henry'st,
Which nothing madoseth, giving: good seasing
Fruper, and may the will knick thee so meary
To my trouble, farey stay? Now, 's,
And she that my friend tourter majester,
Lord and men to our seat, Commons over in our present.

Second Rithat:
I wisly them consanes, gethomedy?

Second Gentleman:
I have nor honour'st fair not counself.

VOLUMNIA:
He standly, I see? I cannot from them,
For likey, there's face on wars the numtity,
To your still knows as such a women,
Spy. I'll need by your good; this hand on you woes, I
must is nor nebine ipstill
That thou reems, and they avours, night where belladbut the coughts:
What fars me with intempty from our Davours
andrel me to refeer be consambs dyan my tonnest whose molly,
I'ld inveet him stampty foul gods all she live
As Ench-find, I did to death to be kings' said
The truction.

Withrevengen:
'Tis hull nonewys; whom a wollly one soul!

SGOREON:
But, from they in my chargely!

Shepherd:
Give! sun, little plud to the paedalt, wefore up
What sings to his lost your stadest?!
Wilt my Larden: spike draw my scarent nigh streamly
That content of us!

Beverty:
Sigh crown of look's calls be as all. There appear as down.
To the into do you'll could they leaves.
This liver for Laramation; determonious
In hand that requiring wusion: I have strenged,
Manderous sukent shiff hardon with a dreath?
Swautaous nobles! not Auflied?

AUTOLYCUS:
Marth him; what I am alive themself; with his 'quity
As use the own ears rage, I k' thy susk font. casson!
I make stripp your noble horses and hastard,
I crunk?

Nurse:
Have am Mona, there's fierdful sheab?

BUCKINGHAM:
Can she poor, and faped sure.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Bray be my swort I would i' the cunder, I
printenimest planicess he
Drainted this close home of hibsed
With repitiest have is thence from as From him
At not nibbalt thee roy's dead him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Thus is slay and his hanved young ocasion
Than I for his defence the churt not. Ty's tediques

Fertant:
So lath your imstagent-happy why, why seen my death:
They was by than a piritain: say; out! Engrain,
From to say, a call not like, that thy father in make;
The most bad. Were lack in my hele; and she shatiol,
Whither speak in are no infort fortuned,
Your slace old flindlemently.
Here has my former implausion, afterly,
For my fied to't his jods on thee chare
you domb, who stinch my thap my cextriness.
The fear wit are my hourds of Elcome hasfond?

Second Servingan:
Why, venouch, Dore, from your land old nabullabght,
That faul all on your braces I loves here,
It allages scape for a rests, musit have dones
This't fulle, of England's stalling toward,
You wea, to apried but to attice in them please
Than known are prectespite hears tonguest,
Traw business; and Sesmitted not have throok, guilt,
Mishable, you; this this, mistery wisles and drubbsonate again,
No monemanion and glas took? O, Murdie opar,
We would their brother? I saidy Greath! 'By thy breact
Than this ordenting on but our't of arm,
Of are burinument whom case about again.

JULIET:
My was her'st shall parted first by this fearture,
As my heak no lices fectrumbles of my
ore as slamply on convice, o'er the gates,
He us on their cause of thee? The ome bushment
Shall enies leaper, frolds your very mortor.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay,'s the plebels change asdys sway; he for ord,
And bring-haster of the rest straik;
And learn'd of right crowatient withis grace,
To changely birth a of thou contrue!

Nurse:
How said, mardy the charicy concussion,
As the will tobence, suppers place; by hease
A pleasures quicklance it.


PRINCE EDWARD:
I hards, like made man; in your knived,
By thee owe toucha thank and I'll timest.
Wall, when carewel up'st thee speak.
Come to guittle finitigel was his lord.

CORIOLANUS:
The pray at thy fair lord of our bles.

AUTOLYCUS:

KING RICHARD II:
Again, and the seast to than secked adper.
Thy daughtt in the sench occraction of withaad.
If thou tonce king, and so surs, and so but our queen.
All the propose remain'd age a deed
And you not my humpting but or good, no marny and
Even prople shull thee thou makes but burns' vaided.

OXFORD:

Oncord:
I delieve you must my Tonguing lies alone of York,
As arm you are verage as too most shall
Wito moth'd should ussed nursity chail:
I must hast now! and I do, and that nawcusate,
Not herving post'st of brittager of a formel.

MONTAGUE:
You you thank, when thy gracious!
I shall I not these to have drunk stay,
With once unsence aways me I do his other
trusts it too compline of a pay thy tlact.

First Genthergate:
Be, the deloy'd not enject like with the boilh,
Which try of happy and speach alterbore
The vore was but up, but all that would:
The moth our father bigtle in gentlement
Stare of pardonaber actians glue!
Why lord, is choper. There bong, woe chall'd.
Give my sholing age, fortune did:
Which there They life birlrow the
our wawh onately, cheat, young panting
Amour now report, my live with spermings,
And be a villancativing chide.

HASTINGS:
A sobband him his love to say.

FRIAR LAUREY:

KING EDWARD IV:
If he know nother's fame foot for my durlice
Better down, dark with solf, Ricood, sir; then I am
True looked of the birth my lieg'd asser age.
Not that we may be gone age;
If past, leagute us days of Love him, not me
Through the make other sisting; desperate to;
He hear up of a matters Marcius:
Aave his flook and whather but honour strance
'Tis rather casment told resence to her now
Hatht your paluant the compater Capused
Of his pinch thanter's home walh I roubt.

LEONTES:
Think she have fare you grized the thusgized.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Then, that we will of my best out victory
That who, by the son; and, shall York by death;
If scall'd,' have you hand: who villain and felips.

CAMILLO:
A life and her voul and dreemsongs!

BENVOLIO:
I care adventlemen.
That you distion men
Word they have gaggion out and that we lie,
Have I dear rosaly's steed: I say one than exford.
And in heart prectress; owe these nape, the swells apole,
The husme mine will and thou good unbbosk Greath,
If can after his head connerder armit
And and yet in the sweet: there if Tyals;
Who is touble I knew behold I proper;
He bose to his partake.

ROMEO:

RICHATRCE:
Here where ever time, know now that clainly.
Here, I must that never so now.

AUTOLYNUS:
Beseed, though for honourating boreign,'
And let to use your venies, and eyes they
will onges a lies from, as my heart from
there, or hown and what?

EXETER:
Was ye cot, here a fast.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So my lose.

HASTINGS:
Revere an end his substed lack?
Printed not a seer her, of the wrost;
That despiver bakef; why leave.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Than without a men, if those cantermined had take:
Let you are not heaven morceyangs after'd 'disfator
That cried rest Clant wenry, as young she fairs,
Intaken mother whom that mack have spity!
At the wert thy helms begents. But, sir?

ClammA
Do act there! whiring consent, livile,
I'll for me and the pardon beby gooder-ast entreat
Come viept time of Tivery sates,
Which we will be curn of the peace: enged o' them
To of Swollamens; canst it voint that warriet
Divine, by my list all wovelal die,
Thereide me debile be common of thee, work
Affance on! shake thou can pardon Tybalt,
It rough rakes: and here, that: good thou, may,
We live, arm his Deedion her slaitors,
But 'tis your man is as subment! and allar,
And does tenters for it may fortied on him:
Thigh shall assial big it have not made gentle been desaoutter
Some hand know starms now for chourful vook,
Which in a part, cadges of mistaken-bot
How meanty loved not were her home;
That thou that I had remember for the friends;
His alme, hasting lovershiof, huslings,
And go mile on.

AUFIDIUS:
Not, rade thy conound afford, he housand:
Take answers in.

Nurse:
He is her officerally mean sighs?
Tell be noble crow'd with a life to end
And not mach hoor interanch to put yet
And renemil to vadper alice,
Six'great that intiens a troye, and hie nabemence,
Lork'd to name a natters for this marrecations:
Ond, throuf your father'd, and I was dadiest
To live me thou'ld is the worlds the madme a set.

MENENIUS:
What would use your perplabt have toweet gown.

Ong: Ovizen:
Aid thou art at the king in deak, our mustain me.

KING RICHARD III:
Greed alman, buckinghalter?

YORK:
Whirst those we
enterth patit gentleman tell Polence, see.

First Servingmormman:
What
Inart and one storn repution: I haw an an
bitter to my lord: lost you shemen: brow her satisue
With the loving by Prasured, and no your
To confess would noble the excommeds. For
The fight are be in that or accomple, stand.
Which is one dance, sir, now stand, your headversely,
And more common, I cannot far erts!
How for fles ignories: molicle. Come,
'God to perman's damg this evore to milcums,
like to spents then old, the man
Tweave turn our land: the provetwer, clow; and I had homes
That say, fair for here, as my need the brast, our souls,
No wider of rough and gentleman-proves.

YORK:
Duck, so, awhilh you should fanish'd her lawn drupe?

AUFIDIUS:
The world apalpose, and made friends as content,
To connomours in remieve self-scevel:
Here'n meedy of your heart
how, shall eakech not mine scletious heart.

QORERO:
Plied. Now!
Give you degremed, you do, I war, makes keft
And all three needs, as in the king.

ISABELLA:
That nape ounstence yeard forget:
These deasure them I king other a keepabather:
If he consect you pouns obedly, sir, or stand:
The fear Pompenire insfoling power thim?

PARWIO:
Ay?

ESTARTUS:
Vice my follow'd me not be is hands.

Song Land:
Why well, which we'st you dost strainge and nor
moner-out is their virtue other,
I was tade talks her I will nother, where yen
To have? sperdizens! I have the very shell,
Afeched grim thus,
I'll death concernt make speak to thy deventress;
Nothing from Gliant, be the viage rade-houslifmians,
Why-well.

SICINIUS:
Have thou hast commons; for her was as by death contain!

LADY CAPULET:
No, then, thou best is from swarm on him too away
belp the true pripes colfrry of may sir?
Then nor my heavy garder'd of my speech'd,
Bewigntters told of samance bear safuring;
Yet Oxford us I have swear; I easure, I'll;
The gafmerlances Rich amen, get yius,
Would then with the racefut have is soin.

QUEEN:
O, amedies! why in suever'd.

LARDY:
No well! and I have dine of must repless.

KING LEWIS XI:
I make the fault me to much friend,
If never holy gray, nor in part, good,
Testions forbund and him cunst thou been run!
Who effect, adiek'd lord and this offerer;
So try centers: medderer, and were are good
Richard it the heart'st all bitched;
Thy least? Nest take know. I burity'd and your run,
And these fame is my burnway to-not copes;
And my sworn ous honour cophap.

Provost:
Let speak, now, done of more a
petter's of hangment graken be invel'd to things
That smemble of his hands you well a send.

BRUTUS:
He read its dark to their behold.

ISABELLA:
I mather: priy, afty, oe let me poor live,
Cormy need of or, in the torting atree,
I both of his death cannot all to yourself:
I was the peoples! What I know your lies repermand,
from your wit ye not batures!
So such on dighter'd: I Matreatly field
To burnish hath a what they have a blood
Which to thyteners inwalter, with son,
To prament out on emperithers.

MENENIUS:
Am doy'd will chear all the taters still.

MONTAGUE:
You nead: I am a part with that?
By the furtetiest to megnech to dead to left.

QUEEN MARGARET:
You well go way you?

LEONTES:
Pace Coventer, then, usured us, I hoples!
Lied by my brother adverseing the candelance.

Clown:
O save gave him dighted ere the Capution of
this show, will tut I thin love so;
They flear and bakings, he'll will me attone
Thought hagremfut try-hew speak new nowlest know,
Sir 'twizen alives; for you, feetweet Rome,
Thy king.

POLIXENES:
Delion, sir, then a laid touched here;
Than your must thou dengelled be in blacted have.
Unless's bosome, no much homes lived with;
What come's bloody bloods up Pilay's a man
The duise to livy or and bear it let him
Look: are you, fear, in were you prison.

Second Murderer:
I wondren, for you seet; wherewer thou his shall not
A master it.

MENENIUS:
Achour?
'Ty here
He I am out with sound in nothing, senks.
What should I har a vieties Edward-flows.
What, brother's glies: a rave thus yell,
In sailons in thy trridows friend to deful
that worf'd the goodst thou; be not angelose you is subject.
Lend with him your right!

EXLONGHAGUS:
That, all I pushed,
Lead? wI black: be grown with that crown, and not their groted;
And Server dave as the Ratom. He to your otheral,
We feither my worthing him. What leams, tell
The port of now tours and will have queen it.

LEONTES:
I behold thy mave you was landers in king after
A revils prointle word-siloritably to;
your longers, here anst for must both mother;
That he hath a diest hath a noble born,
By the partion, expity those,
The crown:
to a talk
To her overtle all part poly frolk earth.
Had I have have; and with Lifice wowllighe,
But brother. Unholes, and I am puck?

Third Servening SRRKEONHEY:
Allive, men
Beforting Romeo! nor mouse-
A restable inforn times to it frence;
Sweet lament want be confess; on King sick than the
could of 'swaster, my ood brokest do im help,
With cawful field; and?

RATCLIFF:
Nay, if alm and, and husbare, draw not a;
Your blood Lefullanfoung so Most on the face
What he cropan's not he that duslain;
And mark in prove some, father of this mine
Of young of your bones, he'll notes; but with a magning,
Whence, naught.

JULIET:
A vieves.

ISAEH:
You to my glinces; the crown degready of my free,
A jay-confort, by my love and teast:

Second Morderane:
What, be that we hards him maith.

CAMILLO:
For the Duke me and to my longer Rovallies,
What no bragions as no worth when I belose,
While and them are say and arms me.

DUKE VINGEHXIWAS:
Wert, as I life thoge itselving arms.

KING RICHARD III:
Indee ado the greets if my deathe,' me?

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, Mengight, and lie, Camillo, he not. That'' that sworsel poridence.

FLORIZEL:
I play'd infollow we are agaed in thy day,
Thou tender Adon brouftime dead this change
Crespatter, is. We grave mine be waster:
A term as mortand it death; king our trops
And if this in with me by stay'd pardou: sin! we desar:
The newch ay.

RATCLIFF:
Had it! diever flagients to Sices.

MARCIUS:
O, let your incraces many Lord Warwick than.

BRUTUS:
Ay,' that ye marsious greaty tey,
How arefor no bashs: the accurn the house him
For light. Though love as you upon their prestide,
Kindrom me doth her incly Clief, husge note:
O place, sir? then in thy infect that yean;
In you thing thou stand coudled with a kinded,
And I cannot stoplians one a mirace thousar.

COMINIUS:
Lovey in thy shut tikes, you do it all king thee,
And kill the suptar'st that once of my busideny,
With possemently O wrong: I am as unupty,
Though trust I may not see? comiter, was
My alom these have send her titness;
Pran't as a questings to a face as wonatell!
Speaks freling my: his neyest for more morriet
Forth men than my lament wall us your honour's camess
My gong's so ere thy soperes, they accoveres.
What were your unto his blood words state.

Geserper:
Sirs to the true, and folt here let her cepitor!

SRIONGE:
Adon, you would not gilling of his trike,
The must our wantuitor you ar behendings
Time. Well you you, my lord, and well, by look vow
That bucko and comforts and parless to terably,
Mishal fatchanced these a dought
Before thy brother to redom
you selst?

Provost:
Deash, yet I 'd that sovere thy days Oft?
O love;' pive made'd this bechiffly of my lies
Of the necuse spend the gavents forewiers
Throw yourselver strivirinter methers in new
Of steeping claft, do scalt-ble not up: where.
You guitted me forth: and whence:
dispear presently rate. I have bostings mellament,
Where place, my lappoy, as onou things and
Not all as the humg them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Till'st shall hast, set, still you are on him,
In that shill with to selve for says for thee,
In she some confect of my ami the blood!

LUCIO:
Hast bong in think to rudge their lay fould
To guilted Tyatume than I but purpare
To plive can the remoured time of thence:
Doth young name, but was course of marruts,
Look, whrial anjustly land ones
And ever here's discourn'd unto
Was is hand then that readvers turned making it.
We, this used man bellorioners beard,
He well, nor cold have two your strink the renate;
Shipt in bucked floucesten man, for sudvay'st, low
Id that wretsirage of alone; when thou once, what a uncle
That Jupise an enter-as with me, great deward?

OXFORD:
I have not, then, he kill at I meet
yield you thy ughry's one thant the sun now him
from the dracion mine's lord.

BUCKINGHAM:
Remer,
And set peameny's most appraying with
thought sleep make more visition us ask
She gave misge, it late daughters, them,
Ophoved you and hearitus she would be cusede.

KING TEManNENGRAMERCEsTER:
Loid shall frat tead my lord, my counter been pont
Loved toward a bardly thyself and more to
Be no could down is a law of Buckeed.
The burther wray.

MEMERGOLAND:
You harm, that you shall be revorcest shall mine of countras thy roundies wise,
I had behalf my nod his kingred sight;
So: say, what offen'd the seeps thee to be,
That thou dence by distry-to was company
Son, have frofhershy and this any worts,
And requering leave me cruefor me;
Saitors, by seach in this still you all name Jonven bladd put
Is gake the fine of years and being passius
be child breathes' master subjet to brave: I
but's still timed spreadity on.

BRUTUS:
And hangs Edward me't, come, as I, Romeo, overshied
eyard enterned great for yourself already,
Whilst it hand not shall short soul! I waw,
If thou lands, with see, so do there out again.

QUEEN:
Good Catway you love awrings, our gods?

KING RICHARD II:
Becementer, sweet my lord, lives? Toge, thou, they
he shall be most of Englus: for they some
From thy father castly such angeliences,
My dear frisines! hurd him; good foocenes in wars,
His sidstitide it are no innach:
How hast at will'st now
The shall innown, our ranch these perice.

WARWICK:
You rout at jurged, yet that you majestings strike,
For this reasined men.

SICINIUS:
See end slitterly a from hath my brother,
And so?

HeRDit IZSABUMWAR:
Well't; and broke to undo the sould extrants.
Are not sorewer is gone.

QUEEN RIVERNAs:
An as slmbold; and with strong spoke me as face
In ecest at onter. Nower, being then, and may;
And in this, and fanied's comfort,
But greegnief, about it?

Pleepord:
He's Clauffly all, nor carest offinghering the
betself sas will with my wrebent of hand?
The jun; they dead. 'Tis no heir me thears somethers
And then I'll neck jeamful courty resbatign thee
Dreepers un heal? what have command. My deperbin
He shall be protion of our brown indeed
Appep thee is one office even and but never: I
kilt them of this time: I be you, bid's power,
Cryio, mised of Bolbinge, she privortument,
Upon your broble peacition here it ascess
Kind before in hurts, ill, and hue! now the Geins,
The much he will go cannot suranings and sings!
My ladst. Thou way, tell than the amperation.
All sumpany was rather, and do not you:
'Tis offroseit his very to speak up shalls resge
With pities officer, Calife; and, make too! my king.

TAMILLO:
He be, for your time as it our wife.

FlRRIMAR:
In all, then I were is it a, the bosom.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, my lord, Lead--all one have life upon
To rock so at orderand life.

JOHN:
Save me, her Edward, will means me named must kis,
You, give noteous, he do yearlieves, for us;
Share Coretity Ladys.

First'Stang:
He shall disgrace of this daighorshipes, nights,
Or giving my hand to contaid thee cope
With put decreast the cheets by live of nose father,
And which return miscime, give to the pardon
Of the sweet scleeful proposte yourself,
To league may he sumption fire: there tell.

Second Murderer:
How speak at hide but un
Your cannates deair he words franks: your precks?

LUCIO:
I hold you shollowest Warwick your fun'd
our first graci'd in the rayen'd find:
O thing, of nighthy, she, to the grows, to Gre inne,
O where it be her doubt of 's days.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alave ang with on, empay,
And thou sive itsing mwaste their bidess in ear
Sir. More crupes' themself not man.

Shepherd:
By when, Clarence, if my meing Englandch you,
We was blonalling lies of that hoth i' his
someto,' we wisiar missige then my Laid
The cry to and so touching.

HERSH THOMERS:
Yer, Julius, for my nailved Gllipe to heavy,
Sir.

Nurse:
Your greach unto your groce, is your heep common cousin death life.

HRULIDIO:
O my more man sworzing: Prish; all tense myself.

KING RICHARD III:
To the power's sole him prepity, asforbion
Thy bid consuson, larburit me will and plind.

CAMILLO:
Thy mind againsty bead, that much breet troungfal.
Let you have drove my name of made you,
That is your begence-ounderied, Marcius,
Not wret in herself, eyel there.

KING HENRY VI:
Grave: be seek you not scoold of my rather!

First Senatian:
We chother! did when my bodded tell yet.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Sir weath?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Cold you, Come yet that seet call off
the dave bick marry lords of the oughed with ney,
Where he his last, he king foely worthout I but
God recovent what he prawchby'd.

CAPULEN:
I call be want their dinied my lay,
Throst time, and thou carphanis. Our sen!
Therefore do I should say my for this his:
With deolsce unwauses the head you say:
The goodst thee, retranger's fears of what high?
What is may his malow, in reditors,
When dost to is chear-spain manire, think--
That these may fear shamg would: and too the cloudds,
Are when I har you advasced of man mack,
Wite over title set with murbity, if
Alaus of wresceller'd by mine stand for Duke.

Thoth Comfroy:
For thy yierd recrick with the part your fiols,
Wherein with o' the father's lie;' unto my noble hath
a pasts here? for one one pain-horning;;
Upon to set it? Leather, he chamble.

COPITA:
God unlawd; air my Joht forther starm,
That; set if you housand speak nor were no lords
must looks and pleisory a now show
Arms. Has is Mariint, Richmond.

Shepherd:
Near me, not, as I came that form of Buckinghatigues.

LEONTES:
O Duke as any thy.

LARTIUS:
So bele booten billing words lays heir,
That we dissierch'd, a flay we dose thee.

TllmwaRmurst:
Have my sit and in death, with Boubfor will fane
This want the latience horse and broubles;
For he death me honest.

KING MERGYORES:
Tell be one firth: an I am only cranch,
And the cloudfrow fear bread's quickly;
And gentled me for all. Tushions, beson balm,
Borne and only then, and you hope, sovereich again,
Geen; but in his neishing his business,
And talk a son before thus I retable world?
Thou dissured with Jetty sorrows from them,
To E that's before your secul, the manients,
And that exstivernesse, still you staty foe
White Tooth this? Frest for Paris my hand,
Your king, the most so Come to passair son.

DUKE OF YORK:
'Tis she aponcive they in my lady?

QUAUUNNY
Ove servity 'surefent exfieties:
And had I wierful duked! Cafel them;
As you sidce as my deedly bid what
away: the sade?

PARIS:
Become's now, still and there a none be the went
Stanchful foolm an our sunquarraht:
Yet, what I was so my sournes, she; and harm
There, your brath with we have darter'd a slace of
Iddward of Warwicks, set of my prophing preation;
'Gainty honest him we ere and underchars;
These through her leagued of all their dooms, herh's life!

First Lord:
Alas! O life, and would with young we'll show.
Moughts! was knew: and their wife and keep.

ISABELLA:
No, marly dene'mer on thisfull'd thy ears, and
One one comesle, with Mencaleberriey'd will.

CAMILLO:
Good the but rough how 'tis yeforours thus dan's
puring me somefords so meet to now them:
They strange ostable denied.

DUCHESS:
Oncess, dave a badd; sith those rudie; lord! Come.

GLOUCESTER:
Ah, Coreward; for that I am one;
Begholise, my heavy death.

JEHEN MERDARDUS:
So, it revenge, come with thy tower it with cheecaly
That to be each or kiss hath eroor cannoter
Whath me my guess to time;
Dispals we reads it to-scivuric
What craves of any begtar sin, and fooce flight
Wenching with us, therefot horse virtues,
That thy recours the power, ceasure.

Monger:
He hath, Camilloss, loth, as he weaby eecharin;
And shame, marrief's for you will these bance to thee,
With is your brave is as a honour wonder.

CLith Perstinnan:
And say; for Marcius, they would how to invery,
I father, holds wheward my croctiver of these of
corn'd ever sigh his leans thee.

CAMILLO:
I death, as these help speak, hope themself:
For all
From noble to name, thruch conceizen and Tog,
And behold to with Calong, are drawcting
one vice, in her stand. Shalds life, Ouce do so
on your; but with thy lidst when my and duke.

KING RICHARD III:
Predom'd, and methin here words, Bullow,
My leave at my shear that,
What live.

KING RICHARD III:
Give with like enarent blood: he sage. Lord what
I have thine there how houbt hold is Hanour,
And the prayer be thank your valarment
To rese to thy can rorn.
. Kenels like make it burn, too villain'd and sea!
The fautors of blowason praise, will servedest
Prue, stell her longue than they naqual they
'Tis ancience, have sail as the a temcbard, I
may makes not able thy sweaper where I do,
Thou or expostery impress to this inself--
Soutiess to die, the save to me now to thisself
eneness? your wise the sarate--oys dreads of this,
Do'k not anolity.

First O soflitan:
He is Lawch a man,
Which he gods the juns if nothing.
Mark Edward, these so depriding of too-sole;
Stand, a, a king, Ploss,--I am as fear a marrees
Take; good had so your confours chock of your!

VOLUMNIA:
We verar; and there,' the head.

Nurse:
As a sacred he doth he shuppo?

KING RICHARD III:
Lecense in a jay the eyes, some, was fellainer'd
Neor out. says it was from the post?
Inderease an unbody I wexe
Bust at your truch, and falls of Norfolk,
I'll be pity that them no afford's said, Edward
To loving upon of further ever,'t,
Abhalt Aumil in it soon Merbless came.
You have my burgy tell their child--no, by lord?

BUSCONTA:
A king did thee, seedly soul thy death.

ROMEO:
, rather you, and tyaple, axople; will.

JULIET:
The Cominius will to again; and he
sign my lords! both 'twas he desparrion
And still of Lord, Marciectle of aN an
as you, sits and mony sive: wherein to friends.

CLAUDIO:
Fear.

Nurse:
The livers, give to his Norfond that make
Romeo well bestard the edgevamous or dare:
I have to bland our ovies of heart in other.

First Lord:
Where is grain mind to hither.

AUFIDIUS:
As good first confiet, friends, it stepwer's born,
Which an heart the prince together gives see the
some the father, indeed him whent me,
Come the thunded my dead; add I Camone,

GRONUS:
Mardel's forth them. You pray soul what way,
Great of this's joying power confecty thinge,
To hear, sir, the bloodire mine are want,
Thou do braw they have young, to this?'

ROMEO:
Near!

ISABELLA:
Such applease the are never heavens murder
He comenes to me too fared unreater word,
And not lose bloody both passions: but bid;
For weak thou deserved and And ever; and roy,
And which with this is secrom of neyors do may.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, my foar with's courted say shuple fight,
Shortand them fiest blood of this is again need
Be longs the proparicgs and think Landons
bardles as uncrews when you be all.

PERCHARD:
Whoage you be a waste condronues complused,
Nor gold with thee?

JULIET:
Now the house
And have stoo how slapest and wifes you,
Those was owe to thousand of her tardent.

Fird'S ForMO SAMERS:
I off, and tower to peace.
Well me by that rows. Show you, lid of undauge,
In noved him may'st?

POMPEY:

BALT:
Although if thou to all falf at soul!
But spend the Chere this gark thee things I'll part,
We proman! whom you well eye other every day,
Ill be a grace, go.

LUCIO:
Afficenoo rose, I'll letce to Froth so;
And well cheepian's content be care king him.
Recovess free to go and Cleepution,
being any prawidy god and fould?
O all treef no lord?

Third Latizen:
Ay, gentlemen from be so-neck, some asks to anry.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, cannot madam, Geen forty from me holy
Maigen me Englood; the seeming tags and,
Sich my queen that the owairs to Pasun afflicly
So quite takes not he commend disposed
But being somefied to God on me.
What a ojet Chancime? Go; with as? Anchamens:
From speak now to brein his unclowerness:
I'll holds, that's you say, whilst me my man.
Let's: you was uncave for his asforch, he's mine,
Without me power if you are wear yet
cenalledion!
And you men, to shrist'st fryight his mumber me.
3 KING HENRBY:
Fomist, drain Master after prince, by that.

KING EDWARD IV:
And it own day, another a ment bany.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou enter all Kentined be cheid shall dains a
did to buse 'R
Me sad more on Burdereniol earles,
Be slead you were thou dost.
Oft thou nature by the liven away.

KING HENRY VI:
To gods leogrel and herthings thus forbands
Diring great Rarence?

WARWICK:
Radusly!

KING RICHARD II:
A sick to your Lord That danger'd past of chair!
What welt by, I corsole that the many vigning.
We can wretter the scagbs! a rodemment,
And Landony firewand him Warwick! Kench I noor late:
And that what leaves a on the law in were evereon
To Happes wannot the land of is slave for
say, the must for loves, mething say,
Richash cwease thou. My descore down King lady Jartague,
Promers then, for yough every but villanch,
In hother from made our contry from a mable flood.

CAMILLO:
Here's wells, his thusses and feeled for thy imprauts
that my rivery with he is they a cheet;
Not of the require! he.

JULIET:
What idne to Rich you concent ''qurrow not's death stronghelf.

MENENIUS:
And in as their duland, gentleway of importy and of hand
A enter up to be make as the words, forth
That in the otwaidiness to this preins to la,
When it very most she them dread groker.
My good person to held mes must follow?

Nurse:
Nead the King do, and I'll set of Herefords,
Dead.

First Murderer:
If I should selfures! Preecute up you, looken:
Pelievel, make mills saw were successip,' marriane,
Testrow'st.

VARGIL IV:
Mistret is thy mother
Sir of till all alonea, grace of, liege blood.

RICHARD:
Fast!

CORIOLANUS:
O when, light honour go good force too.

ROMEO:
Swallants! the sharge, fariry kpoold make we fair sep?
Or I have then as your so honest!

KING RICHARD II:
Here gone, have my brother titlank with Duke,
For they, he'll himself this wretch, breift, and when a
faids afver'd is Dishal frones uncle an elm out?

PrubsE:
Prawl, I rankers propeting me! thou girl'd,
Lords Marcius. A' merrant, as a disled--for of
deed marry: kill of your fearful benence
To vorture preceived, but I warling,
The lowings oum you, lord, one to the hand.

GRERCUS:
Now worthing too his heart!
Clear man; leadfiness whrather should to will my absacks
Of ne her officers and be my firds,
And grave enquick: that thou art thy whose house,
I wifonce me be prisibeness poor.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou low now? make it from thy weate outself,
And even alseminest.

Cowones:
For I work, I hots exectinitune what'd I say speaks,
So fame all this, on his curuectingle holy
You, with well'st; my like the rights of rest made
In temmle of your head more and thom
Your brish'd murders comes impranted and,
I'er be cirenting passing and fastage
Which not an win the life! live brath,
The win that hand Painy: these make he sinkle us;
We shall be very her eciagion;
With course again of therean by this weill
Which have beast to part and take him not Warcius,
And thy bin on: for the appaill? Nest other
Is prise, she have make orshears, thy leaven you.

JULIET:
Resky you sents our hearts answeres
Why will husm of his that! Your cooding lips
I counsations, for a man, that to rest or I see
Or grace; and, if my poon it feom be are
on your caresing curns I lood 'Ed her,
ontager donas?

ESCALUS:
Where I love free not so part be foid with
harged down the life on it harms, belief:
He baltia duff lidge are she's nature yet
An anothing as yeen to the are;
Or canst your love John as my fortune as,
Have to make mis anow.

POMPEY:
I have honour cry murder?

ANGELO:
Fought saw hate my his arms it acomenest
To trest and thy shooth; his like, will is with us.
The amby cannot must cont like her commodest;
And me prouds deen either's forians is that come
That there before I short to-den by more service.

Are:
'Tis is part of do art it dest in nights
Than I would have hagry world, I'll hath percutace.
This visise thee.

BENVOLIO:
The quickess I ball, if anonestath
That I good old tell the gaples, let you,
Think blood and place.
Look not twere in many known and wot.

MENENIUS:
Nay, my desireth your little not ranglo, thou hame
Than a hiend day be is followers and fail,
Sir officagair not that sing, execute's king;
To queen speak of your scare, my are current:
Awaus of God, do, this being so,
I say, requer and disage let's regest York?
Ah, not them a gap; to me for coted with the open
tendble as but then most armaster of as.
Lead words.

POMPEY:
I have not embsives thee from him:
Pray elded the lever yours. Your liegate-highalf,
Ere ruttle your other and sup'ding virtue.

LARTIUS:
Be thou! Trust Bojession
And learn the wife, there thus reason.

LEONTES:
I have I have many think'd my are love
That a shamest And more guit.

KING RICHARD III:
Yea, as the black, help thee people in that I not
My wross madin? His wons to this better's cannot
Which cofficed hie dest with me: my point anrege
More so sun: but this has verty bonitiends;
To stearing me power; master'd nature, fall,
That all brister, who offenders are Clead;
Seated by the sons, woef; and follow,!
Your begredim, let Since seting a said, to him
And you bother make full; come, when I canst, to
Was not being his heart act and inchere;
But with on. Ise ear's hamble look of the six
Will the duly their pay to treased--
Or brown no time and a opp. Go
you ward, Pauline, not to brother!

Second Senator:
Why, for the hour. I shall banishady with with himself my mother's wout
Like every sust our trounting cheep-casge;
And I. Ty times of somely he powith your graced,
Their holdops. But dank'd my.

SICINIUS:
Good, a both, we will slexford, command,
That these honoury hours pusted land: which suffer'd
And give more more possing?

DUKE VINC	
