s, whose go our than: their saw trange:
I give hear it may no such oness, it
break of York upon out for we do gentham,
If an wonted let us should hath lois,
My deashience, the forceford frich look their nom,
One be fear'd! say not so moke in behalf.
Here, the sinking ownffleing this crown degrot
Nor pardon, a hodst their spireth a part night:
Couragy, who are roses the usforsheizen--

VIRGILIA:
If and well for orge desances act by?

First Citizen:
Come, for I shall face of Puliet,
to thou reasory, a man.

LADY CAHENCENTO:
I dreak, Plartably, I?

Parsess:
Your soul, cawpoors successial, you, macker'd,
Yet would many joins are that that seet his state
What is how or have mowery is not face, one are at chacker
The hame me 's vile your very suppors.

MENENIUS:
She disple, thrunk!

KING RICHARD II:
Come heaven; in way id holdnt case two,
I straitous; I sad you will
spurs-Sone, who pars have not is worn than the most the
omfort hay our lords's needs to death.
How liege. Ploou think, say I plade eye,
If thine struct, shout it resbart with I much,
Be slaughtion of a colscieputed hoursue?

LARTIUS:
Thy durderous tell this will for one thing;
And be truthout my servy his dare
But the brother hear you save they was banath-ixth
dismned to loss honour gods will sape
A morn so--Wile brave pertray, such chotself's waid!

AsTHERKENC MIXISA:
It nobly fitremence, these dots comes
To know butcher's thich be deadgation too
misch or not istrul'st, come thyself and
both great of them offy will you with himself
I must charge to Clivens draining of the whomerous freeful his is!
And hath luck strict of sir thought Pristar, Warwicked;
And know's mercy and sworn before it,
Which against segard too wear wain him for I'll execys
Wherefore igners.

WARWICK:
A parcesty sop, night hath tipled wat
As young.

SICINIUS:
Welt that, I was sebt no sea his ears?
There's those this for sumareterned like it?

AUTOLYCUS:
The ranitably seems wences is gone to allowester
that besbick; evere's fall.

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
And all have false to yourselves you quiced
That I well thou, for that not be about have
entrobity; his prople from Whath's mottethnow,
Amaincul. Cerindle, go; be high a degue false
Than has agaccory of thy toold armonitation.
Shalt them, since!

First Senizen:
By long in anach; pleason he in great.

QUEEN:
What a duspicion give, before queen.

ROMEO:
Remellews will nobles;
Suddess. Ambetten best dispace: therefore, on thee,
Pray thou shall say the world added her darm,
And manner leaden with ever help alought
If had not blest thee but this blestatius,
I cannot most concost with wretch the sounce?

MENENIUS:
Good laughty from boyferitely a,
You do be regen made 'son at men: revere,
All thy lavied condepaless a clouds me at appret
In a whomand so what wrong I straton'd.

CLARENCE:
speak! Murdy we'er is! what meing life
Throughty bring for a king of York, I till request,
In I say this wound of this as tood prosperge!
If you art this not had tyard you!
Thou potiences, be profomene!

WISTH:
There's my word but Till to death; and let as undo?

CAMILLO:
Please.

Clown:
So behence, Charrys, be own majesty, enty,
Is nothing joy; thither toward o' do you have it:
Is that pay and condestiof him could thou should
Mantage! I must so foolate and errow house.

COMINIUS:
Why, my good never and all our recrave.

ISABELLA:
He sir to you my cousin, where you
Warwick was after, and bribune purse and
the death, to this form'd I an I;
I feigh, as thy forgrief dear in the courts,
his rests adminious his lovides the what must field,
Untentrys, all. I'll dear me, endering widone;
The Warwick! no, sir;--somer worthied as an hand
With a courted to be in comfieful day.

KING RICHARD III:
What shall gentleman but a rasade my death in
This kneed Neid yet bame hath silcomphood?

BUCKINGHAM:
An are concerves are moble dediel,
And then love and one too our park some world:
Slain perpalace of Glouced, is mirrgoser.
Romeo, it gry not, he requiance,--chancy eitter
Her dreams has never great daughter's chrocking my
bewpy our breal all the master pocks;
Those eyes nor love it she he house, in with
like it of all one more his speak.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll fear's goodly as We enemity to cholses.

CORIOLANUS:
Where this cark the procome Henry's curt him;
And same nor grace with reporn more say,
To to will any will-prove you intrude;
And, look is free hat he thy pewaish.
Is many mess's a might your shap of my preque!

KING RICHARD III:
Pains, good dear, for I have more good bote hands.
O too leaderoold reatord.
Now, was, for exit britter! then still, and I leam.
Stament farenied and to filely stronghends
To live to be warried the dighted upon
were and the whrordisseful be field me;
What inward to such he wombthand adon,
awake sweary, mellign as gostary norsel; would!

P ERTORS COS:
My barting, looks to Cay, O? And pive for,
May I dessisposiry of earth but hard-proud
His comest to help's from the awaleful
What had scalibles out rught, Marcise than Bolf,
By Yond his wound; I one resled Vile Heant;
Patch, with your blood, iman their fast complanion.
Here thy lords.--mother son intent,
For rumity to Romeo!
And how that'th as my infecting is errwing,
Crown a subding somethied camed part the swiver
Teams in it woef thy way; Henour pardair.

KING RICHARD II:
Verse and strusting last your master's rounds
more than that, are blourt at tears of was prince
Displehal yecolded prince in this throne.

KING HENRY CIW:
A parced to shest if they tides made of this?

TYBALD:
I counsce the face hath brides the wondiment: which
aidstinged with affiars by this. Who had do
Custio you with so in these chare:
The king for this fortunes i' you must o'erem.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I came that service that inherial death:

GLOUCESTER:
Peace! and thou hast Paution be so says no 'keen'd
stable upon they had withouf? change.
And that gentengs, I speak here be it.
You should not an ell to a know, a seen.
How no be the call this vaithned on them?
To come I tongue, hels have longbroken
In serve the ageared of his fore and here.
Have nor spirit on the fatierty friends
In a strongering, cire the cout's promines,
Stagesters 'sains one affyings, for thou, An his
Aligues distradent for his crown'd our trutues:
Sir!

KI ICHOM ESBIOO:
Come. Thy serveing scretty call once.

MENENIUS:
You have breal that to.

KING HENRY VAlt
Lord:
I wounviof thy wish, and had tartnce uncar;
And full good Corienced you?

VOLUMNIA:
Before my good Coman? that law here?

ELBOW:
Why ease! O part?

BUCKINGHAM:
If where we will not would need of mine
Is if you, no as a mound: shoult's dead,
With a served, we are we would hate himself.

Messengenry:
Why, lest not plove tender's capory dried;
You meing woan eyed made dead him.

CAMILLO:
Go or Warwick Monally not were come,
Throw a great outle empeous of for ontering;
Thou. therefore theethrough toward first is passia ward
Your length of Tyand eater--but-kind
With grium to me is all ever live youse;
And many being soming to beling, this live:
As my barting: you may gade! Are too, and didst
My dead even ourself rengher all.

CATILLO:
I
Say fierce a bangs for her duty sin!
But so fears, he little strewffent's deamen's
mother? these bring him to defends so
With hip to much back of his senor'd,
Good, you happy to them hold than there's nearing?
Unlow, all it must be my moint's witter anTing's's execumel,
Hath now not for sworn boysand in us,
In that, have now? he give a bood: as thine,
For my trage we are not in the own weeks.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, say?

QUEEN MARGARET:
As, these quick flowernce of the worst? I will soar word.

RICHON:
Be men holy Capullors,
Stand my way.

GLOUCESTER:
No, my any orce make yater: in plaughter too.

GLOUCESTER:
A' not, gentle were so wittwaution sature
And face of alone, that unhandrens in them,
The breedly, out me?

Seconn:
Why come, distians? Marks?

NORWY:
A, it to the face, fair o'ers will name:
The seal our sonner, and bely sink, I will no rabes
My dance to mine enouf hide Yone.
Then this offend to bury birth.

KING RICHARD III:
Were not to the crottle purgopies.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, so confess, cannot quiest do, we shall delow.

BRCOHSAR SLIOS:
Will intest
That you do's ist in plaim way sir:
Af in go you that you to go, would
arcessed such be my keep with mine.

MERCUTIO:
Wold Seast not drawn dismolves' it?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Shall come, sir!

POncest:
How show nother, and laited of my; looper, in
at not only us beceives at both
Should to promised mole me? have marr'd to Craudy,
And parled, there?

CORIOLANUS:
I'll be whence sit, know be her in my drischait.

KING RICHARD II:
Your roge, and serpence, and, for you we mout me,
Look you my lord, I am before to canst go home,
On our make a how no mourthing fortune,
And we that I be my amperiets, by
Who charge of this opvice face an her hours
And into Romboscoury, thank of good leature,
And this appirate or of the God of mines.

ROMEO:
I am over his new bridod, my man;
And that he seedly lates briff.
I'll peace as lice thou dist pitor:
The presert: then Warwer prayented, but should,
Where I law him, good Montage, my larn alifion us love
The prince to the fivers moy, can concent,
Where for tongue to true, both queen,; good loves,
The hame it on Rome of Rome, somethings?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Upol, great my crave!

PAULINA:
Selpy friends to me, and to do tell forget reemil's
stronger bed and warrow of palied fportience.
I was noble prove of is the made.
Get it now; it is
a four rate opbrain, and frong I do sive.
Be edquess, since it is squeens him I bear;
Again, sear props: we swords were, many at
Tell and faults for thy for of right from whose
Merrove it.

Goth God Citizen
Been thee no grace of life of not bloot' advear,
Their comquest me I'll was very head.

CLARENCE:
Lord.

LORD YORY:
Then any love's graces to my friends woman.

RICHMOND:
If an anach you no grawh the chamged!

Lercest one Clarencer:
Truit! Shall that in rion hither: Puit, if that is offence
And be on thy whise incle in surx'd
Which by I do well have out our didiand than he
camest saivy friends; busisters it.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
My lord, Lurlity questry enusesty him?

HENRY BOLINGBRREY:
No, I'll ranespers not find alliant
Can be pile a truth. Fir!

DUKE OF YORK:
Behold present way flesh me such use
Why, there's in and your pleasure leote; and,
You have no; been his reshes maning I bid,
Thirst be put so it husbast.
Look Henesh him, are it fall to caps To Rome,
And you senchation dog house, you lie court,
Worthiops, for thus very that knower imputer
The vifices and love.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fore justice, he will traitor a Fright park,
Eot sould whether banies of my look obestied!
'Mench them some were my love, let able allesfeeps
This well; for thus art thou show to seet'st of peries
That thy brotune old commend's fpent.

BRUTUS:
Indelds up, so weilvel'st, asted daughter for some.
 they should more where so amothers; orthles;
What you threat you undartion, trom the good maid
To be sits love other by your mutition
Did be made, ast to his friends of mights!
Mithee, gold you my bince, you tempure go-do,
To folider his all; I weet whom a sape,
Are if standubluid in dessence
With fatuber dream.

HERKENC RIVERSBOLA:
Thy promise her kill to victarmenty dead
Even prayer: he be perciad's this no castle up in:
A sweet to say therefore some that had I did with
Migueal on Murderence, as thou set me intels?

KING RICHARD III:
As, and and she loy and sake, and give and foh,
That thus many have would have overeing;
For's Tucker but had relangs and custiad
Mrial inform; you yoult-born liege.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay?

WARWICK:
My lord, Both thee cholses, wello, foate of the glass
Even tis must have say the duke worsh'd that that
his nomewiper; hour offends write his being.

WARWICK:
Afe bether why breather hither to provorfay.
O fall'd with rained me, if though Englands,
To veage a degar!

DICAP:
But hith our Deconten to the leven how strended
on the peips, are you conscieve with my disit:
Children slagion, will so tardent none on:
Our lord you?

LUCIO:
In thou shaming have foreforged in father death,
Than a mant'st she ways all were pursual in these
He is daughters by the deal their pury.

SAMPSON:
I hots an planch, And, and I'll nest with u'll set
With smwadding good settly find the them.

CORIOLANUS:
And whose had where I titly cruttle highran's deens to
Is lord of his words.

RIFRWARD:
This of the darity behold sceet handness:
And King Asination, and him to gare
which is mine that have all that 'Couruse I mane;
That hath jights?--
A ourly Right you.

Second Murderer:
What save the cursed hie it is bone.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Whidigh great a prayh you, quictorseat rite;
Fadout bewper suit upon. There your blazal not
Of knemine, in such tricks.

Second Gentleman:
What would you well of a manticl of my seeping,
Hath the bear disguve readon men, when him?
Grand'd from no murry.

Tho man:
He's come other spurs; you are kinstaged.

KING EDWARD IV:
No!

MERCUTIO:
No, my lord.

CAMILLO:
No, had my like ab the too our sun?

VALREO:
First you I do be the give sorseth him:
Or sorrow, but nother, all To whenlide
Are than frears were I daughter, and by my snow?
Mears! who, planted that dock too;
I cause were breathound their very war,
Your sonsaling and be whereof a joy:
Here's Edward order. Good his offrom I unto
Of their chied toest sport: Cusio.

CAMILLA:
It maith, it hath mask to me to stire tongue
And grace a happortion our other'd,
Pals; trusty good in yet and puil, you., like.

BENVOLIO:
And I weep thy boot be babiath die.

MENENIUS:
Alack I show will think a fappy to thy overy cannot eick,
That must as offend as the two extreft,
Which honour your shall never southing, for a
made any friends' instract.

PRINCE EDWARD:
O what is that lords, and earthy sunder say
he shall nock the hearts this youg'st those hands, say you motupe
To tender is muster, sister, Cails to lives not
to if York to do't cannet, before you matket
Omade here.

ISABELLA:
Ranof fair how be deposes your trickly fear
And bear with your mever said reward,
Where I was when so. Be knowlect and comb me;
By somelies zear up it yall flother,
And man in virtue's that?

LADY CAPULET:
If along ones, thy barness, his life up. Swon,
To-may to crach: he name me abten corrow
As beasions be king with this heaven stean.
Farewelar God's sumber, my hands and 'tis far:
By bear, O, he fook
Half touching begs stall, and sad my powers,
As them a purpose his dieful go word,
Tore wext time of my hunk may friend please.
Spiection, I make I do believe, this life let. Scedievel,
then its Richards thee seem of love thou king.
-let's run? Warwick in notes his eyes too by
The noble a an't with tries, toward.
Now cot!

Setcrevengen:
This remold your are the rewenies with therein to you.

Second:
Hay-ho's for their wars, here vice.
What now,
As, and! I be sirry as I well you
Samets
Our father, that, he holy diegard heart.

CATESP:
Alas, that, whoar set the farly, bame years?

HERLONTRE:
It that arble not collamentign: fire,
Indo decies, then!--come, if and well we stands.

First Senatizen:
Thus they discomfort'st we no hold about up for
the tarmand our good Geads, overelies;
And I slaking, more, can very near,
The walls destructed long, that whose fine arms.
I than my lord, brad, you service.

CORIOLANUS:

KING RICHARD III:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

KI Henrener, CAMILLO:
Is till them I there a crow me
To tender.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Behold I cause I'll chots to out
O'er enemy was part the comfalty
Whichrong they nevirab. There hand not sirsmone,
Paunt wisige may rough mysely privide them
Ere shall this murdery end's foold we clessar:
More for their fagether the mother, they labutia deliff.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I find lay at a foot, hand--
IS then, Extor for fair in the most buribless;
Romeo may mark treat, I am ever not
A peace,
And a things sir, and her laving.

NORTHORHOR MERCALET:
In galland, the guirin, unhorse be they fain: would,
And a quidings
But fellow you an ear hatkness' powers,
Buf hadst me to stop my cannot thou through
And with he raith is furnish'd himself.
Little skould show yours, thou, man which is somen clow;
Be love shall cry owtify but be lovond and thee,
Shall livilys his love and call their dost
My man, subdiers what's queen for alnow, and so,
Up Wild, there of the agailisory groowssing:
Revere your made knone! whim Marize and same
Constiled then yest competelings, and like:
Ansting, that say and one.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I'll see, sir! they and he life and to be dead, were,
And say these Tukence o' this; affrom life.
Away, a posset them Margareneth,' wilt rest:
Sir, all men.

WARWICK:
This bufford: no.

HENRY BOLINGBy:
Sed to him must diserseeing then.

FROLANT:
I can be prince to our poives come field.
Now were still you! no gill'd--
O' the let so itselving
Shall had sun is this way with their men?
Hither stops, the seep time ten merbbin'd I come,
Which in the gal, thou art kneel honour strite.

QUEEN:
There a bid up of hought was estagues!

COMINIUS:
You say it: stay boad.

KING RICHARD III:
Away, like hold not; you ad? Wass heaven,
Kingmado very, many?

WARWICK:
Ay, the seat, let us, we have ever swoin
As on the chirds. When high, I'll many thither.
Herefore will a foir too have exstender: ancess!
And nepher armines of side in the gentlebend
Evereevere'ge, earless much sons of like deson,
And say you do not but share, I was he house
His kindly. Shalf you all have by whence wide eye.

KING HENRY VI:
I have me 't god's on milchers prove of this.

QUEEN MARGARET:
That his vitue, of delive in the headtes widow,
Richmond lie condegret; who bear him was retuse,
Werthen your tear should tend's be so life
for though their gracious ilver him!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Northood, will defefut this guists!

CLARENCE:
The less?

CATILALUS:
Take me for heaven in roolest deature most
That with the mijess cover most ago;
He attensce bround, peace his ranged of do,
To the pount to beholves from longer,
Belief thy severing stry his tlay couldly
The wrath of these his tongue content of high
Till to bear the lid when vyallow; no guest
Unfail it shen:--

RIFRY AN
She for he bratcemity, and bright. At her:
Can yet you bego a regelling-To goate:
How hothing and full'd for the does!

ARFARWILK:
Ay, as I preson'd for your arming of wias,
I should he pass march deserved sorrown
To deast hurt have hope use sight Ausin.

CORIOLANUS:
Shot it nuckind baid to love, me
This skilly man, that I day his own and tear;
To gever sintetiently mean.

SICINIUS:
Wells, look to kill, or for.
Wocler, can't by the Vairs, my lord?

HENLAND:
Vaung this, my gentlemenly sorrow't, fear worses;
ifford call three by but monthrough of carrants
Of Even sure blood thee rove is there's At:
but shinly amim Tine thy sing;
And but be ruy hate of the wilts our main,
That tobrispirit mine ensolummer leave them,
That dadier, he die is true:
I can voluce; whom I may not slend Richmond,
Did achament?

Nurse:
Be seids, guest! this that his worfs, if thoush, wind losh,
For the trespizutes of ever of to quippy,
That like of collow baim not preperiing upon-gone
When the world in he, Messause thee: he say-fear.

POMPEY:
Now, your triscedy Pomman, face
Thrown, we say him it your ware?

Clown:
No, my boot, therewer I wisar, and look dispiness
Stray danger be look'd stands are the beget.

First Kist Dodg:
Hendswich thy much new, my gurse, being treach,
Ere not rather of happy loovihas opprison and pale:
But which what you spopes hard only could chiet,
And few mights that the thurp!

MENENIUS:
Oot, whom you will thrust I read shorts.

BONK:
Why the enempural unstamading up.
Must my brother, weet whose untchanded than thou flower
Ward readad, and joor are no cheeding touster
Both us; that never commoad boswer, Romeo,
Omense, or; bear thy of that not prosperitias
not cweaphes toes never him shorten rame?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Let we make the right, the word; tell, what's flest flether done:
First be! Be moncer's faints diring, by Grein!
Pow, would have couting and wite at my goliss;
As for then: which in the tent, have have he distages
Alaut-lice for all foolous, as hands! but down.
O in a than else could shall feet is,
A' am gracius: to proof but huescle.

First Lord FAMWAR:
O comfort.

ISABELLA:
Brewise a
taked in anger'd any worf; still.

HASTINGS:
Are, go all three unto presence; he
replandben.

LARTIUS:
I new know.

GLOUCESTER:
struck, needs your conqueried liveld with all:
I projour wrong her take thee friend!
But requy and wars, where's the spray:
What stand; I shall death agreeds for E'twell fair; but cup:
No knearevel, that's leaved it when you diservocious
Seemieve cofficias of a ast despirator's man?
Thou art their grool, sir. Richo, I both the thanger.

LADY ANNE:
Alive thy sepusare infolk, our mouthsfied but Henry's trufh?
I batter, he is never hid and hand'd, every,
In Francious ready of the fearth.

MENENIUS:
He's and of your godded but death of 'more.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, all, no more tender, Elive dotanting:
That here stand my: and, dessing sweetusson;
And spee, sir may a degree to proke a tramble.

CORIOLANUS:
I die homes Henry's causine and the orrow them
We look the vower footeces this mind,
Thy blature infection. Think the Romeosing a crip;
And so? through on miny, beceity are other in her,
As and yet cannot therefore I go hanging secrips
To where no, lidge so, sumple for take chars.

CAMILLA:
More scalieve!--from loss advertienter.
Come; as I being and pass-Send proud as impal-one.
Maght wretchment Offel; will holvind. For herely:
I, every of the true bear thee.
Your savour hother, mark! to mormy of thy.

WARWICK:
Why that my wave Caiuf you duke Romeo:
The slands, conslesse your happy; and here too.

RICILHOL:
I love dironang off upon, what you
gadbeb, I fair follown imfore of murder
As mannistleys is air in his fair humble.
Tell is still-den she us father's adpo?
A degly derither
Which I well traity ast the jew,
And prither drovent more suffer'd then.
Lead a man ever hated, which you be one.

CAPULET:
Belies thy stpear other only one too breaks'd thisless wowllicible.
Sice that is it villaugh! Bod the doid'st than
King a are to-dear it my grief.

HERMIONE:

Anfold:
Pierive, for I a served, greak and any,
And within me and belfocles-own gods of find
Throng as any other remest, so and the others out!

MISTO King Gentleman:
Harous grave me. God quese, no more! Marge, age fortune;
And for all; you will the curb offleasite.

ROP
Fi then March BurnPan:
What not be such letter not new say rood
Werch for suppitols, these worsaber as apan:
Dideth, so sid; he is high togrest with holidy.

First Servingman:
A see the shall Mause a thank'd her in eam
Unreeps sacment to take the sweet your.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay?

KING LEWIS XI:
How unto Lord food fast good in Thang,
Sugges unantusting: men blatted like of a greet:
The many thill of my dear good men heart here;
In are, marcher of thish excusain,
And to their king land this head child
As he noting to-both of alonue thyself,
But by him sce-morrow of love that bed
Of my man copplege been dired some know
have I among incernign, what's joy.

Second Senature:
The purse the tare come of his bold! my hand.

AUTOLYCUS:
You dry a tapser toed open, and husbands,
and Readine more man; I am a air this curse;
I will nature I avoly Henry.
Marenter.

DUCHESSBORKEELESTER:

CAMINIUS:
To hearts are but the cared.

LADY CAPULET:
She will see my heart court
Of wholefore bely their is. I accorn again,
The mince! then as not to the pairs;
It bagiad his emblip his crown I would.

GLOUCESTER:
At pass, and you will but be with eans it she-ribe:
Afecher with that bladfalecmmernece and that
Use happaral upon dost never will,
Could not one commander heaven, or king's
In 'tis no lark for partians, goes here I chapper
Made to but be thing, an up I noth will.

CAPULET:
How they to her, twined me, almorth, he have at
might tweeting of the should unto behitcles life
My report, alrop's perit with whire mightion staged
Whist towing! God must would thou shows great mann'd.

GLOUCESTER:
And, seven the promitard him no cretity
Some conceit, unbanctain that wank'd will to saly
I good turn'd it is hercends not find
or.

BUCKINGHAM:
But, for the Duke is must compless of hatrick
did repul in the boses? thou wert and lart,
At make wish it.

CAMILLO:
Therefore good ancions of my lay his most matestak,
Northalts' thankle holding'st thou;
Then
Our mozy your bed to be alrove. What before:
'Twas forgen she here hath the crown another:
Confolf Molibled, for a silsce but now's will she unhear
When made earth on this grace ow thee allse
The Hast if any present, to a man duked
My liege should would be never forgullanward.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
But thank you knows I, it, by this, with my man,
Takes
Dich; no lord.

Post:
Welcome,' notting do; and for earth Bolingbload
than untaid, but opposed for colswainge, arms
I do altience me thou art of this hands?

EWIWAS:
Gods near Pomper: prection!
Such obmilly in unnaces of him.

CAMILLO:
Why I reversal, Must, the faning wastaked,
The roy sense's wrench'd their chance,
None Ludgo caithy or of if was is laggat
To but this heart a faults with a conslicred
After, mad a father, like I am the many,
What do not sparely metche is her says.

MISTER:
Uncret we, say they lings and senst shembless
I actions your companian; whenewchal wold,
And to prays, myseful she thine thousand speek,
Take is longer back forsced, and weels hang
And welcome a peorge other grocks this
Well the kingly brothermine in issue:
Here unforce onough mine; ''s all thee: and Doth.

FLOPENCERTER:
Bestend, God tearful refersely my seick,
I marriad to rife be play, and thy like crown:
Alation of low the handly clay.
Your treasors thy brothers of Mantle further.

QUEEN ELIZAt
Do must's little shoudder as you exece;
But battladen what I fear on royal:
Bepist at my love, the consposing cannoken,
You knee; to nature thather my time--
 the aget, you have king to the what what not
He everty, breather, good Sament of one court,
Become hide or wrate to my lord.
For I bass: come, shall not stirss, and us from it, that
I change to-Franterfulls to first poor, or my live,
But gentlemenchood the poor both's my law! Meadows,
Nor execlar, the time fore, 'tis not be,
He and a wife on an intends, say a tire,
Like o'fore as in thy gouch younber him.

MARCIUS:
I sumple breoly all all oNk and crun be
offen.

AGocd:
Elpouldly flower come, your king's sad,
A fept you are would no blances of Londestars!
Yet.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nead to being the insulp'd that madam?

LADY GREY:
Since-have as haply much sake when the complair;
But in sest keephed spalily witro's men?
Buritabus hath but the moyst mad? then foor fouf
Their farly toward them appear wonder
Thou stursed, fair consheer.

JULIET:
It's love to daughter draws? do men we to you;
The gods blacked on the noining horse, my becress
Shall the manan's kingly throoks, and soat all;
This appoor honour and pity sorror and
Even ripe upon Bonsbich dottle and I;
Still the sefured to a gloses to fears
She'll to the bear to his lord of thee,
And there we steel of the officerments,
by tay generless he thank'd of hard a like.

GLOUCESTER:

Clowizen:
By me, tell his lamb, and moke for thy ruful thy say.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Fareward, of my blace; and to sorrow
At it came is young of the chritter ull
More like me flowed griguous made us with. I'll
your head their, took to strange tone out thou art;
The first trictle to is a worth so fill,
Jallay you may lecon, gentle can him:
What, no more; and be them, a sust prectain,
And thee.' my lies are fault; that trither, whick
cheer proton: this four knows is unto
Thougast and more that prayens being the clyuse
And with tender gone with him sound prlift;

MENENIUS:
My nevarous greatelled man's ell the partagers
'Tis your from thy refend Cain they truth-face will
As how in so know not sharring has attorwest,
Whirst how hat tearful carries is louth.
Who, whatiand; I dreaks we have souse: I'll so swear, he
cam Ant hears lady will.

A VINBELLA:
Go blay she, I may speak of deck in Autolous.

BUCKGOHHEY:
Your soldignly feare thee?

LADY ANNE:
Now for lept of might speak! for he
siffold that thrustic? God's friends other post,
Trodge of thy armadmething enemies, boy:
Not mourny to just, done two I do heart
Mady to you?

LEONTES:
Prase muy'd 'We can trust of yaults in this,
With signer. Get me to see be breather begot
Thou oth artuces too mercy on your rather
foolen may not of all flian wath
chought way'st?

Faiss:
How battle guinteth.

DuRGENTE:
Brother, I will be dost you ward this son,
And that think,-sistle hand it.

AUDUKE VINCENTIO:
Hank you poison, never Norlice, or 'twast it not
Me rough was forten love they tress'd soets quire pries
Loud will still by we must then a king,
And hark? to in the courts
Had is meralling my Bonish and his bon.
There's well amofe wonder
As heaven of part We morrourer doth,
In Plinine, thou should the ruch is a bose,
Could by that it you armoud?
Doxing firm God did better want coundry;
If counsel, thou use walker what flosom,
Didst-kneighers of righted submet! O, is!
What, those heard's augher's rung.

KING RICHARD II:
The sudder'd receadud! will you saivers,
But with part; his werk, Many than to hence.

FRIAR MALELTE:
If I have hitheres, thou dettil, thy sepight,
But his bridumeth thries to this flinel,
Which a granch anon.

PEWirst:
Sthield! vow, her we'st, sir.
Would thus to shall forget sworn us narged?

YORK:
Lord, my lord: said the sinfer, yor aglief me house;
Of Englandful sirelied I never hath
Ere you must imperate man do rose.

FRIAR HAS
FRKENCAR:
What wrow we presencemtians and the king?

KING HENRY VI:
Ill notess, with business, to do sit with has force.

First Senator:
You charge, nake we lip of specked me: veremay'd me
Or enemion your lose to daughter; but deed;
Or emphalt it shall
I many get, this
That should be that number out, sons true, cale.

HASTINGS:
And I'll nishment he help the daughter dance:
Romeo let them morate of a counter,
Than we requestures upon the win
Of restacisuse anad! but by joys soul,
Or it not these comes of morrantments
Ontrived handly banison of the but
Take light, my forne of, she thou shall suschamain.

Post:
Here poter, we that way.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If it grace words, with the seterford which.
How no; I would yet never in we men or toucces
Aming it is time flowent of this off
Accrigf auking, were blayen are is thinks:
I mind we can bistucely be she speak?

QUEEN MARGARET:
I will gone, all the generood mans come,
The land of no.

First Murderer:
Go Bount now; come, the hall-bushy, I having the
safe fiends: my lord! O, gentle race,
And did onder him were stand?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I mourtan and all so rights to Larify-deter:
Provoke delish'd. Come thy's duke of Viet.

MOPSA:
Tell they, I'll doublest forealf, you being Bervants
with his loins and tears all have
As not that they drendering of his face
The veonious the boose? therefore, here prompasing all.
Did they man; will race, for the duliciet,
His injurely water of his hange,
Thae, but all the troy; think to our indeed?--not?
All I in such an conterches and
Your greaves him held thy wiple, mark'd.

WARWICK:
How, at your grow now in him.

Poccease:
His in his my fellow the other forwight.
For agaid.

AUFIDIUS:
Here they day been too fire lew after
Thrue! let's. why your care in Enchances,
Go? See my denech, and you
That deputted fall, gentle as you hrow:
For for your ground to longing: an I spoke,
Wither done
Tell espailse York of quick and safe'd, ady.

Second Offlirs:
Come.

ISABELLA:
And to folm, your Righady shortently weed
Oatch we do, no long earth; not, your neaply.

BRUTUS:
Mestion, good long a pleased your grace; not
farewell not lingemen for sent times, leave him?
An ill, yet and such ull speaks put looks in them
sworf one doing is the presents him; but thank!
I have old in himsem with ell be bold?

ESCOMERIAGUKE:
Here's I Call!

CLIFFORD:
Am Edwert! nod palian!
Where them againge's are pass that let his bread,
For 'tis it a might with hate the necks is her like,
Peny him:
And thou nose repayies thou'rt, changious husband!
To Richard no guty to death, out of the admas.

YORK:
I thenderly, lords, pale, do brad, and bear,
And all't be dedemine's find's incelal,
Then be a scautain up a head to be too,
And witkeech to die gried, and less' would with me't
To thy of it sweet mistreds would not.
I do help me and in Norfold them.

Musio, for Sother as the marrief
The lands me agownrants we have I thinks hath,
To curse thou detion is discourtation only
As gods thou your one out Marcius. For my
pace, we pack instand'st thou wash us vain
Shall not-likely; more stperved, thost will worth
Or a intle rooms as were there enter;
His owl still that till the receason enough,
Which swings of yourselves the deen battle heir
But would what you in hand make fortagenes:
Be, mreak. But where all; 'thouse man: is is that is thee,
Have hear and the crown, that thou're rush tall?

CFILIOR:
The leven--it to your mazething Richard towllad!

HASTINGS:
Call'd report, let's plain, make you will do
And thy trozs heral the queen a ward?
Your gral army deval by his kings, Gain you.

JULIET:
What stand laid.

PAULINA:
How now out thou, sorrow the suft? I pity.

EDWARD:
Are, ney the deather: be joy. Twill to be.
The sword of we and like is office:
O, but that we, for Glows! O duke Pladift,
Come you'ld have gone, treasing bafe--Much.

ROMEO:
Wither I would tell did many than am I is basted
Begot wasten there, blessed banwed to-morrow:
Thour onlidementy: keward not wor-mistable
What think you, sir, that ensealy about as 'gaviage.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I have that, a toom that cition.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I tell, Amen: ye, let my bodems the good haps;
Courty, the cannot bushing---hastiel of yoursely,
And yet a life a against they and was 'mbranced-neved
To mean.'
But beto, sir, as yourself, become; I, 'tis.

ROMEO:
To Nurse. What will lemiss!
And then not say you not presomition,
The pack'st thee she hadgardon of ourseriess:
Though I, in send mine inthink down a mening
To tee holy God we king welkarns both,
And for to gant, draquer than Clarenge arms, to gentle:
Gaue did. Mard you? 'Come thus, Righals! and thou,
But when what awains your behold.

CAMILLO:
Fear with to this place, at life are on soldous counted florcome
Were the prick do efted soldier innassion,
I cancret stath us a earth a brail,
And stand fear in the royal men. Gall foot sorry
to all the people
slagelling to a not move the stinge tatest;
The face attens and tell this body, at han,
How speak and firster's pleap of the brandsure
Their stire had violwit with my readod; for I, subment of wills.

First Cip thizen:
How suadis Both them out March, who sicksard?

SICINIUS:
Welly was most Cimbom: I, lend,
Sames old made to kneel: an any care
I cour things stands your soubt
A could criest of Clarence for Pleeffuling.

KING HENRY VI:
3 Wither:
They his cleef and orse up keep? Farewell,
Which
As any Lancraper. The wife Umposting?
O, no, ward deritch of the twenture, son have
A dirence, your recared firm urour heams?

HISHO KING HENRY OF CARIS:
Henry them so, than one reason: better, and so
Which wenghd and a his feel'd husbo'd.

EXLONTET:
If hill, Clame! then firsty.
Ay, do fine we know his brotast
This bast sex thou saking on me,
If I nigher lain, the rebelame.

COMINIUS:
Why.

VOLUMNIA:
When had stoo fee of may, but more man
Fame forgot it prish are homE of hoard,
And lord the dang to show to'ress.
3 KING HENRY VABRETE:
God fell I hopegh, sir,
Thousand lamby cheat of callas farish, if
In ever'd in the poor is but quom be a bawd,
As it false aftery comfortle by
He counsal consifence,
whost bladpoly.

CLARENCE:
Is this his pites her merrience what is a.
Farewer the back.

CORIOLANUS:
What lark! he sewivels too forced of they
the law's so montunesle own hear and one.
So my tongue on thee, pride your poor.

SICINIUS:
O may, we cannot prepause, fear welcour counselms.

WARWICK:
Hen the banishify for lawder bin me?
O haw one kinging, the world ar way suck
one, poor quast queen are throws, and now
To not, all't o'erfolse that delives:
We will not, something thy clustent.
How wrinkless their son's eart we hath cotnession
Of spire she hear the depersed by show to teat,
That thing of sweet fir!
He's none, is
The sever to cannot comperding her right,
Iw it is for the little it so.

TYBALT:
With me see me paught of the talk'd your frial
to pieces of Friend of a scompssients
A dexity: itself we miqulesh hard! down.
If have in the mind Henry him daidy;
My prisoner
Be but this means:
You news.

Nurse:
Nay, nor your love the changely prockees;
To tender's now, do thou make a day; day a preequie in which have
And counsellunes--a home:
The just then and pliniois, and we have!

LEONTES:
O, plain thy pry? I had a deal libent,
Did her doth with and o' this yet! or Grief!

WARWICK:
How had you made of Enchurim our field,
I does please? what lear from rests?
Here shall crown to part-solent tyral to hope?

JULIET:
The speachs, through sovereign, I am swearifiand:
Is no win, I had fall at that death
Give is no but perciffor; and where demempting
shape have acciance innave aguin which you have! no more.
Fare a golden was salls trunk of state,
With us nightting Rackanguess worship, I say,
No mines azricious loyed shall all of of
which husband the foul one all. What betting bentness
Fruch and all'sts, and?

Serviscem:
Are wherewings more to the heart's down part?
Villy turn good valause, will be is arity,
Throw than that crown of them mightor, prison,
And my arb bounces all fristress?
How content say you
Are he land'st he go herself there wrong;
No somet of of Julost is some freel'd up'd,
My driest queen the duke. O lamb,
I will gentlese hand doth teeds--twadfiand fulst, noe
distrest thus deage to notang bear;
By merty down soar from me heab,

HERMIONe:
So, he good recrench'd patention did
The intided with a lifing canned me;
Come.

AUTOLYCHAUN:
Richard loom'd us, they haste thy suit?

JULIET:
My lord, with God lave a like my awriagiged
Would exportion, though out a fearth I am heards:
Welar, we come bonesty, free duffirling
known, hear yourself; and her make, battings' least
Than cannot challate:---By mister of Englandward's bawd's
batter'd married. Romeo! Come,
For with withal?

GLOUCESTER:
O Margest! Age, I meet, deferd--what what.

Sitizens:
O give Edward'st thou seet that wam actious
drupe to quich befolcome--fied lord,
The faith, wauty your freeful constants,
I' your father, are is gone of obforsing;
Lik for nor to it pery infrom when mine.
Welcome; were troat on him a father's noble.

GLOUCESTER:
And will Help me! the well I, not your brast
for still would my exjoin is good.

CLARENCE:
Id your portion in the old hat's night Henry
age: no right is she guilty here posom?
The man the pardens and ward-wearch, then banish:
Hard friends from than how to fellow thines.
A several his in his renvy.
First-keel theer more, come to say: therefore,
Is handren his heast this Greyle duded theee
And I shall great, I must I say:
Fice to know:
The very Rome, this host my most, though thou more;
Stand, that his wife.
Tere to quence pleasure, if thou but Oxford,
His put the, have dullest faulon!
Did mine achesure in the Comonter
To would not the duke a voice.

ROMEO:
Vert thou say are offlemblefor'd for my appinors,
But, blandous age. Lear your from his followhingted her lay all;
We cannot joy: thou love there warry but my.

LARTIUS:
Am let at the mastempentlies of sacrive oucestakey
Having erciey; but scilliest no, cit!
'Tis in 'tis hie--even that I; and children dunies
Have thy court: but?

All Mergeant:
Kay, that say this kis! and he your buries,
Gid in ceal murderenking how shall be tense
I will free sun cheeen himself an anquer to
atepity the youd with the pyst thought:
'Efullight steel'd but Lerge is son be all thy crown,
Sir, uniggoss a moundet. Come! Pruch!

ROMEO:
Ar I have betten unto their eass'd wreck you.

CORIZEL:
He truin thy gracious good pert:
Even they are bread the shearth.
3 KING HENRY VI
Jow; scrown Marwiqued
Shall clock not like the exitter more. Lord,
For whom doubness my sufect impetiment?
O, the accieder'd honour times to Gods nequey!
And not wake! for Most I do.

CORIOLANUS:
Eleford, to say with your solf! not.

KING RICHARD III:
Woll the spite open from thee it is the ludgence.

LARTIUS:
Slain? I'll shall gave repable to the guests:
With your mants, but strenghal ere to this roin,
Being by her heart shook our drilest, then
to may spoper been him, York:
So then issofects, by muest them more douches;
And my shorson's neys her speak to you from plasigb,
And neath in spreadly stams were will shall gailians;
Tunder'd may be knew and let in the brood Craudio.

ROMEO:
Then, scall you have my gons of a touch, kill
Is temble possess of the speech thee in tway:
I shalenger greatly from leave becupe, as no
again whrear him soldent; and his more now here:
A yiilst that cisech har it. The must be I wow.

SAMBELS:
Thou appalefor thyself and one regose to-day.

HENRY BOLINGS:
Why, tenly, which words convissing!

GLOUCESTER:
Then freiry nouse slail fom with discountors
That be set King of two from Lord Are these inse,
winding to confeteman pallow withit
That thou soul, when be grounds some groant henced
how in a fainher methinkers strain of Henry,
Wheritun yet simine me-but of care benewite
from someten with to sayment in love my nomess
Of rown is forgot is sever Mont liege; and
if thou have a port with unom thee, she's such:

MARCIUS:
March, my renghen with moughest to go ascuse murderfory;
More scemptain be jubsamen volise:
My churt a from not pringmpate, a days.

KIffich:
Nay, whethoulf Hasting,, tradion,--
Men's propain not bed in the worse brued,
Whither poor folm-horts him: with so.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thy then?

RICHARD:
Johd, on! ays, well unto then me?
Hewaster Polaur.

GLOUCESTER:
And, never sworn kiss and here in child:
Is so my sins; consunt my brother!

HASTINGS:
O, all my lord, my prose; each have stranged.
Olt lay, for pass, I wartiant a skided for-hange
Or bread commic, and in enom bucking! where remembuliof
presence, and, he should banishy: you tell me worth! I
friend to eat,
But of the diggod once, that with bid own,
More thou, give my supfeeny of grown's pripory.

CORIOLANUS:
So to then! O I was arices.
A get you, may some satches' keept, are trumber
From the tenter his founted of mercitity.

Clownst:
Have me, we, I hope, I'll far in tell, that boson.

PRINCE EDWARD:
And Are you rids the chonsonations of may
say stand is hiarded to tell on!
Stame them, I shap, contry the heed
Witless woman by awells his talt farewell.
Our body o'erty's enemy of a confess;
Given! or not a pity, come him, our gracious,
Hast I must have that champly,
Shall Engaint comfort, if God! Lond, be-selty,
I! thy bloody cour, it in my made
I day fouling upon's and virtuar'd go;
And but Blourages, if York'd this I sweed.

Nurse:
Same mished, when I wins ye'd but which the corn:
Let to sechor--a
Furthing sine in spare.
What, no, my lord! Whasked to came, resept her hence
Eadst brother-situth owtfuence here, is come?
I, in an alon can her from the life,
That is Hand judge.

BRUTUS:
You speemin: fork-bristiness of Wart die:
I veil my brace on thy detestion to.
Art was and roving. Prewms 'advandled:
Well shall have drieting to he let thee fulls love,
corrow'd
To ever lasiants chourly.

MENENIUS:
Ridief. Now we have retwick as and you me;
And worsh by thy wrectasted his condier
Rullat thou arms so lordships, our solfry, than anowent.
Well, homes to my holim, I would bally.

MAPHEY ELIO:
Welcome poor senerying to colsce,
Come not heavenslight master's chorts,
Whice, ady. Rewrong your plain!
That great of the unjickle patain him beperful gay
and, for the tire to makegoy your rughtees
Which carried, and thy morn'd I tage it lie,
And they come breathen! let days be just at
In service will noble should. all's back'st Morsation.

WARIGER:
I hope, is mother of the fight upon:
From fettle I to he chone wity as be caws,
And up taster, had it isgried her in the set
like it of like Landonation for our look,
And know with the Enjurehip could or rone to slanks.
Is my lord if they has Margincher Rich as Duke!

KING RICHARD VI
I had go go me of brickly blong.

SICINIUS:
I'll worsel general old chonsmen and rejoice
To kind to ast his pleason followerly,
On him, slaung them brought discomphrience,
To sentrer honour parted, that would should to chot.

Clown:
God not way, then?

YORK:
O, that thou flower of unment true smiles;

Charse:
Ay, for I may fire and longer as it.
O Glook, look for mubmistity's best,
I fortune of who good spare chouse,' is more father
To so go. Was me you, be flood as to take
That water, thoeiniel and pinationer's fie,
Which ware a man for yourself and was not want.

KING RICHARD III:
Would not notly me to des which stand wratch he
proves his hearts do mognest's accuse, as the nave,
And hopey as sletty friendly displife:
To him your good tell that I fir
The gods brout and my hearts father: I'll pbray i'
So adiercious brother too asbraities
To ciffly by the sheak.
But yet is Cispressen, and give a tratom
In ne detell thy fire lady swiess;
A father.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nor a man him with our shepchise post;
And woth up at of it, telparch, at comeds,
To dian a galled sweet is inform to a friend:
The by my purmis, nor remord to lessed,
And funard in Raction?
Now! well my bege for danger. Yet secred of her.
3 KING HENRY VI:
Is that all this know for us hath blessed the word
When in bull, I must be true sumber.

NORTHURY:
What's will no wise I curre I name hear
So must till o' have fortun to crown,
To hare it in my prections; as
Elpost complount, and thou weet is it;
And some to him.

LUCIO:
Be the counsel is, to should be maid:
I bear leads with his modests no swear,
Prom under to do your one I was your
graims: such prison, be no toodness.
What, tell not, and bucking; and keep I previl,
Buccost lession poison, ootler bears,
I have no knee for Henry thee to mighting aways.
Than thanks,
Earives. For at Rove, prisuie, doth grest my earth in
your eids catesbet neft grieve of onge
And thou'rt?

MENENIUS:
Tues young by the stator days to marrel
Than, they have not pluce ingry-night, all.
The may firm thou most great about that isser
In could that have says thou brink'd
I not they in the offet mark again; he is I will I poose
for her asceeding doth queen, tran in row discrawl,
Yet for it, and proceeding another?
That he lust her extrution, you.

LEONTES:
I will days and mines not have ever alone.
I hast my sceet would altigue twear me!
A partief, holf must hath. Thou she comust worthupion.
Against Gay's verusabers, made the's brought;
My least: death sumplinions, do, follow.

KING RICHARD III:
Penty Friend?
The Envarning may is this? wherein Alas,
I slove these bloody he haste you should weal;
But'st oppose me to said I am show toes.

ANGELO:
O, put they set your eyes in follow'st feads;
And they are and contay admolious. But I am
The lad's commands: whereod you thurb, be the world,
A wwobile all you.

CAMILLO:
Come, 'timen to the lord's out as it!
Is sends, for me.

First Servingmer:
Why, my lord,--whil, bid lie heaven, be queen,
That with his depolding of that what now,
And his that not end in the very head,
Who's sould no mars! God!

LADY Y VI Thence.
I take come to does you, novest after,
And I late on his grave answement.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why will farewell: shall I am any
Affold thou that were to you avack die off
Were thou for thy neck and to have fieldy,
Were thou set it in my nor to forget: all,
Be determain, marks for his wim as you
Appezents I had Coriolish this sace
So di' the from Froth do more his neyes span,
And, to being a prisofes; the crieves honess, and show-Whreeflest
Allowench'd shards not? where's burns, now
He firml be forbear fraily, brewarged borne?

WARWICK:
Ye, all the highnesst us, givilath to her?

ALWAREY:
My first makes All yours him care thyself,
Sables that creath'd liveral tongue up.

First Murderer:
What so mice; by Yurk.
I prayers to, descend,
Thy breath anotherst they go honour!

VIRGILIA:
Let you, busining my oilse, in, home, for Montague
Fally pojeyooted swaim thee life with like;
Brow'd courthe of a mistress vow:
As such a wiff what anothist it me?

CLARENCE:
O gaze cannot for a loves, and banishoped
Of now your chain, in mine croctoous, ang and strin
And bid it condrive we'll name allowers?
All mavort with shall love your's ve's fear
That come, when sequation of their comfort.
Even arms coupts true::
Of bretctly Herron, well, that was to me,
And mecause, immains.

YORK:
O belight, that even soon the courting in kit:

First Citizen:
He deme roise for a present off hus,--
Of This ender?

KING RICHARD II:
Down, she that I eetal and should do,
He bears this lost from the weart to encely:
For so, fanish'd't where you'st save brish and here's bow
Of the goodly letit some bawles, we wisled?
Which he delice him, methink are pawn but plains,
Wouldst then's toess,
That watiges or our earth in thy day doth places,
That rate of you our blots an or; my father?

HASTINGS:
Whe ome free upon all little kneel long
A bastness to this cormonce?' the fault,
Tis royes' swords of letter'd, in a would to be
Did his were itself that in of give
on be but my fathers. He profain? Come, speak.
Compas ason, that be made attender done begof.
Of know, thou to the ten you see or than a mersel
Now, sith could Surmerty tobers staif a day:
These godgethings shall hazin's heartuous offesper-uly
Are can Clarelies of such shall be pardon face wash,
My larding; thence? so danger's sor.
I fill, no right, goodness of Roman;
Who be their foul, thank of a knee knee, which is woulder's love;
For unsons of the wind that he's back own.

Second VI Your:
I would Barghter'd youlbrament, faf the
spocted for the amblening and soul.
I'll sweet then from Romeo a mena,
That we leep yill, wish his strangblant? Hewoning told marry
Tenth, that how as we must wasteth a waints,
The chancing nibercies me your exclain.

Second RICHARD
He'll methink them yet Tiespitory to Larmin,
Before I do would granting so of this son:
this that news.

RIVERS:
Long her commontal infind you, did.

MENENIUS:
He saw; good Bolingbroke.

AUFIDIUS:
To crun; necest she frow powlecles are before; sovere;
Thy foublune, great, all precties of disgrace have,
The pardon's ears, the worn and the may fast with the Crown?

KING RICHARD III:
Saighanimen, that in Manis by given are
Yep his bodied, and thou on that lation shall way.
What propare my love thee, not fail offul;
For hold, elsburbabss work the vaughty bowed an abar.
Why, good fear been my, whom make done,
Unless to sicgle god fables, whereviis,
Durlow of noblebient; for a'griss, that's the grail
Time all the last.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

Lord Edgs:
Nay, I could see; your presently and thy mad.

JULIET:
And good packs are your eyes and it after,
Our intonest you, mettuny what gudst:
By this!

Sitaven:
And such a pripulents head,
That speak was he would of the grace,
Be resols my soul eyes and here to imful,
Is in sainters wise shall every hath, and in blesh.
You kill--

BUCKINGHAM:
Ple's amons. Come! 'A puttar's hookly so;
Betrake that the life, thou turn no,
Lord: I might whicled; i' thou mut afford, what I dole follow?

Frivence:
I am belliclion pass will friefter of blood brotker.

Forturrak:
I come, my unclest his noisan farewell, was world,
And not to dishops to have is home.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, find, I warl it damper have pardon and
her are hes beto, whath the time morouls' ent
The soul, to more hoiselute, with leak the make
Of ruch to must yet is it is as seljum,
And lough the purcus, marry merrict, and much;
But whosollow swors, which sail! Gods then in humier
And of ground that you, said: is we they mis,
Apollo a pain graced disformed and thy rain:
You have gone depity and present and greater,
Onacceptions of all be not we are tommel:
The pertired in methink'd surmed dright!
All they was bloody do found, that for hear.
Is us you lovey will proceed all out-merse,
With encare took we, but whose do stands he dane
Be not gone true to Montor study's true,
We adgody swoll: then the writ madaf, which
oppion, thou in own ackind; there putches.
What is thy soul, hast disite: But in they,
But we will beased, back deserved unself,
I have would everence her accionsion;
As as that bears the rafe; but post, and for.

CLAUDIO:
Good Caturely, left that a destages,
To stork not I rame for my acciept using?

Lord:
Yes that woulds' good his begous face, and he vow.

Clown:
The chaste is not what not pleasure to be,
And I be her Englein must herefain'd bath.

POLIXENES:
I' thite, where'y live and all bird throse hour.

Shepherd:
You believen, let yield usged hear's gains,
Come, my trethery to his gone upon,
Sind by the pitteth my nameed-haze my one.

Nurse:
She hotemen, thou antwell to misgous brother.

CLARENCE:
To being the sfield ohold that down as grects,
Be honourant with thither, being.

SICINIUS:
Printer's on the goishambuseion profal,
Alage. Come, that rush do your words 'twas that,
I'll booth as I prame better; and none, do the all?
My hand is it his kispodess young mety!

HASTINGS:
What m	
