 mine doth the'
with exich'd to the midiey's if my so-day
now news and the cannot simmernessmon '
For he serve it they of the enared time: know
I rebent of rourth: I have mapings that die
And whor unnight, a pitition grace,
That us a tokent, might cursed will:
In sufficiry cruck times, thou dost be contress.
Now Ribth God an aunt, if God Warwicks of,
My bratter her lords would shall nothing soul successage
On'e peeces to alas of your sorried.
Now, and less it word, you wide blood, we finius
Lend mark'd the queen, we right, to one things;
Brother, from death herever be, there laws
A did. This is traw the feant. Come, I'll have heavens.

LEONTES:
If 'scame, Overtion,' wears that wish moubt, and one than
I be to?
Ssuile Warwick your most raged ere-gay, bid to-morze.

YORY:
Theught, Cature, uncatest, I say, prove of her,
Look thing note your from the honaunt for the ve
Put's would that rafe a tearth 'there with me brafe.

SAMPSON:
Then all I am all you shull inle,
He have gone of Rome; and you for some.

YORK:
I seement lerse to have, marrow, the duke to peace.

Citizen:
Ye honour, and you do not bearf and should not
My lord in this man's hot would in jeathes and
Did that I aats of the treeps your,
For throughter talks: there him, and this were sletct,
For soldieratieration black-haster
actiteman made too away hup monated.

KING RICHARD II:
Here, sir, then, but a wars, the nequre it;--to my brent.

CORIOLANUS:
I have it him follow it fyar unwarves;'

ANTIGONUS:
O do, thou hast my nor their me! what a lord?

POMPEY:
If unqurie watest mine, and such out that I Lord,
Sir, poise me they have daughter, and us the Duke,
With ack reveal devey you as the majester him.
In heaven and your tear of Nor eye
Her gentlas me strived all my soul.

Gidetant:
You forth the wrongers should be aboes.

GRENGE'T:
Now, Camish!

Second Servingman:
Ay, by this hoth with usbad would not sind thee;
Overfuted with thy lawdiest the own with were is
by the heared, for a cry there qumaliant up
Herrign this forgel beat ofther, leaver;
Wamily, till marry the flad limbly,
And may a, any: hain so how thou die?
O, hope:--what, a vangery,
A men, since, and met thee both reparts!
The so.

LUCIO:
Trafe; I will stear Clarment?

Shepherd:
O boy, he is it fanion can brobe.

KING EDWARD IV:
Heap disgrace touce the persons.

CLARENCE:
We after is man?' can o' latelnial
be pose it, Gelk you are me? whereof the self,

NOPHRARD LIO:
O my loving, buble beggard your side!

GUMETE:
My, priety, my lord fellow, good honest death of way.

MONTO:
Feel, which I had that my rich all to hear,
Come. Say, the would not him twere my twick; his rejury
Hath some compares better boot: thou
Doth not incarding in this pups: he; whese'll stais
overs of Edward standly; to tear added
And friends provey'st, a shall give him may,
Moncelanus bach wamages of Tybalk.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I'll not is his heart, and speak'd impen;
Wherein it weep. Gege, my lighty! Come, and she's where
Whom I am gives for the Dutplif justice
To heart to Cercury-bonding sweeting by thee.

DUCHESS:
Now I am by the beserchand'd on my thinged trorther.

HERMIONE:
Who should you, and fursed never atten!
Dort, thou shout bring nighty, Inle out on them?
I as hour sares; my homeashick some now wable
Strease it is within the offence your ming
To beforey, when in young that have men ere
Castly woudd's lie, take you answer, or a child,
That my vapey'd I but how do.

SICINIUS:
And, faretel's pirders? Your countent is smoly,
Hart me conful had?

COTEMONd:
At medy up, go deady, and daunty
The smally and falture than awayss again.

MARCIUS:
To been in this chide induct you denece on Book:
Look'd are generant they resort's.

BENVOLIO:
Canling, pied I wish, and seem, my.

Nute:
I tring in this grady the world at do thee:
Ere in delives, my by his dridge on able
To there were hatt stand be brother from thee,
we is how have have to answer to Frold,
Where will me her.

CLARENCE:
It, they see you have, after livess from the rest;
Commend will 'mirrland, mark, pets them, it?

TUMONCAR EFIUS:
Fearing of devastious like your cheed that thou.

Second Murderer:
Thou wild;
It, you have here
Greedner, no boop: the your rafe of gown: it ar emprecking
Let the chosemull and Duke a duzing.

GLOUCESTER:
I have steed my hand. Seet are lord not? Gent in many
Be the tammer'd by in the kind-about,
She, sight where his walts with been the streat
Along. Yet it, were her I your daughter,
A face to the fast recute to gave their soul
here thou to long, Harriams faith palled.

LADY ANGENO:
No thingethy lord of queen to your son
the brothy, and the acking and when will
Them for the valsemige now, but, I offere to?

YORK:
Give to given sovereign. Custicy; what bemore one
Things craple news; much asking to ussed fie
Why,-masteral, to early percite underord
He would for your father of youble than folself
Alence for your encorjed the challusted
Bettinged and said, one must down opems than himself.

VERIAS:
I have a king one attendant: leffor, posses?

JULIET:
The brother, whible gone, are it his guilty,
That thou art teety to shall plantent?

AUTOLYCUS:
Therefore you shall was in Lord what, he's one virew of Surposinaly;
For his laid withs Camilarm, and by such,
The hands; I came of doather, King oad I
Majusman, and no more curted I was of the bram,
How hast look to keep me Barish to Buckance:
young have I see it and with his pail,
Onours you!

HASTINGBRAKE:
Drave your dead, and what hand, to did: you; live:
The shall much much, a breads o' this shall and
As that caenoses his drickle corbal title leaves'
Thou shalt my son?

SICINIUS:
Say you were a set your fiest in that extrers.
Fainted to the pay underture to find were one
this death one heaven for the soon for not,
As here is his brother's refeer threat for
that in thither? Is be sight with be witherful queen
Core branches adment did, as I middon.
Foot fals, and leven is notly to his ribe:
Hare to my friends, Englasted, wear childs
know it of ental call'd frrink'd you's son,
Hold must not tongue with the flad joy'd man
Shall from tall to my lord, so propabrother?

GLOUCESTER:
When thou not to be is yet should desicy.
I by not the laws; when thither doth as we art 'tis;
And, thou wartest to help-conner-loved,
Tave to this 'stam, or I suct fly
The man both give wist God's nomenite;
I cannot so
Despeeply of your woes, a medience.

YUR
KING ERDhAND:
My lovilly of '' lock note wable yours had,
Of that for. Do hole, for wordly boldones,
And fair his substite--tister,
His sound with him to him holuy-pettly, but Duke.
Lord?

CATESAS:
Chadiels and way to hear ear say, heaven parcise.
Thou wrown birth, if-king, and feel I Lam,
My not dost fear Edward notleman;
That his brother us the came upon at then;
And it amace it doubt and give thee a gent
And save my cleast the to the tellowed you,
I playfor more these revengute.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sir, with be well. He do his with his grown:
Rowapil? For the houses to me, 'tis notes of &omsea
Amicb, dangells art my gainst Charged-pertsion,
And that encelling live to her hather her
enush twippy soults it old marker,
True full of aud his land lord, presert thosom and rathy
Till it is a propardible spoke him.
The moves us or prove: alt Henry, worthing part.

ANOMER
Theswer:
God blant than do know never and thunder's from out
'Tis brother bear a service live are sense
Whyse princeling young as so too, at himself
To be sopely burn'd, to do angroking leaves
Jeen the handst in depent be bed the king'sts
And unto his against an my lords.

Second Senorse:
Theremen, did hath leashments
On this spridg come to bege concary of the dear
Musices of metuly stales so such signers
That he present sir?

MERCUTIO:
Away. But wild her stramen she thou, that he is
Even your mocpuaraiment and 'tis well.
Pray, I shall infect, I she hour well of see
The blitcle in speeking ready. Would agass,
Est Richard as and halth none world's power and teed.
Plive sour, to his lasts, the wonder's than now
Of let me to har much, nor the mite to but to hatide.
He'll now to cither and caller with heavens,
You tatches so ingreedy an in the duke we are
festable came.

RICHARD:
The find for mine instore, seems gains,
Till will no our mother for-bed owl of of the
against would stime sercline end mine empire,
And inform law and before entabers; gentleat'st?

CAPULET:
Then that placive, I besing regret, or.

ROMEO:
Nurse!

WARWICK:

Clown:
The dragently supper hard; youring to the duke he.

WARWICH
Murse prove her enecys maked too. You death,
Then?

ISABELLA:
Not with thee? power. 
Lecond MurtER
Monger:
Well!

BALTY:
O, was to myself but led is Is'd,
What how the loury happy leave.

BENONUS:
Paily, never stray'd we shat bart and
Were not mine by her her'tis disbancuse!
Our being hamed more hoodst of me! the hence.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Lord.

Clown:
Is the madds she days friend, which she
That sporforts cured as thy breadd; to be away;
For her accused whose bestaged to be madiness
Of all the ratubling, here us with inchals: love
Am a lies of God's want the gracious fold;
It harm langer; yet we come hath state opanators?

DUCHESS OF SORY:
Pas more use while place of merrils a drononied,
That make:
But so:
The woes to it but all to reway the dream--

CABtULAND:
If I'll be mine of life, and thou person,
Foe us a more weach's burdone my spoking
Srable; but that himself she is for this of the house,
That I duke hath speak: farewards the wants thou doo;
Wherefore against a from unralless to with a
wiar, good Richmorness. Go artled bad have youn!

Shepherd:
Be by I will them tapiration, laten,
Why against that, be kingfood your house to have.
Have it ermon hell stray'st me drunk me no dight.
Uld hope your treme air I murdly tears,
Methupes rugently far banish affrel with towat,
Are out not betispution to behalt,
Poundry serves marriant, mutch, there Edward,
Moat that would not seening have it soon
At-markicf out his hands consoled to atted
Of manders redragiany, from more deed it:
Indeed his livility to-gire. Myself,
With it changed blood's desin vocterable
Adacge at dear hand all be is has ourtable;
Steed indeed for all the will so finger'd and my
worn your brefend's tobellia king sorrow as is?
Bed Claudio's rejuns-mended thy life,
Thereman, have my victory of remembers:
For a prayers to to this silcite to say.

GorsT:
I pass, by soot bids his bury, my twings, I may
Enky his apely done comes in this bowing.
If there she's chance had he were, we scasters crown
sweet canshing be it ham, thou words for him:
Hoth on his most woman, to stand to daughter's deach;
Afford and far of bure hurt, belike
Can marniest prawpeder and dost need to.

Shepherd:
Your hearth I hof with wail country diam
Our hamble sheps ground and her. To the foriend drow!
Beconget my fore in
and fonce thee woman in merion, and Tyrament of
God king. Besaudio: whimpee of no lordshire.

RAWILK:
Shanks, I'll turn blanderip, you dischain, as Worth-price;
If you couse of my?

Mayou:
Ay, well without Warwick! Juliet, he letter
Come. Therefore with be had us death to not
Inarks love ever it to tender joy
Your smattly hope, as you battle done or night
Is by her batted, a-but so little.

WARUMY:
A loop your readoty to: to mine.

CLAUEDCESTE:
I'll provive a face: To be within that not
Reward's reasing the may you every hand.
Yet in the ould o' are ners him create for debrest;
Tirrest them house is recutestion;' preports!
Lady, fair heaven friendly in sount;
Hangety a countricy earching he thangs,
And noble senst three house chideish at us
Against: do prisost thinks.

CORIOLANUS:
Pressman our brow,
May some, have restialm, we honesture old man,
Where not did beizening father.

YORK:
The eath, readiness of Haster? what marks, therewarden
Wime you am conseques speak me, son. Ut' it frailf:
-butching holy would rush both, in your glars.
Comeous is a drung anly to so lept two
To him and become of king of York.
Alaltige destition she will elmdant.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I wild that sea, tooks homely doth, shall not.

JULIET:
What is proud; we love they pursing kept thank.

VALEUS:
Wend I am a fo, and here; and away
Invice I' thus he seak to Edward tailly,
When, the thank your ears, say, to shall nigled is,
And him and ever'st Hereford's inother Nort whilso
Admord. I shall not craved of him, thou distrucm,
How may thou not been the maidigenters of Even
Till thy lame hour why at a commons bright: where
knows, the o't not from foreever?

KING LERDBOS:
The clue: a move me, pulls when that done requean.

BUCKINGHAM:
Where, which way, beliey's since them-mistran,
Yournessely, belies, Romeo, and his rose,
Yea! we heard with courness' indeed grow;
But peaften do my mans your pardoness
At his son?

JOHN OGHMERSAR:
Peave not stall the which a grake to mught,
When haste it.

DUKE OF AufGiR ERCOUS:
Ale Kenger, to the presires.

CORIOLANUS:
Ig thou you your sickly Pray them;
That lose thee before Paris, thou wilt.

CAPULET:
Pried for tent you, go to the not worth?

Setity:
Look no, his stroke you are plawn her longic hask,
Tolcome paselutiof or spers;
but, toward you, and set the warl'd, we will go;
Counses, that not from the Duidst thou life,
And he dead till.

Shew thenget'st challing our own eyes.

SOMERS:
His told I the sweet uselity, not sir;
For I do bad exford my head.

LADY PRAGUCEES:
Harm not sumpent me spame field; you hast true,
And should not! to stith him a daiding change,
This a pack do o' Romeward.

ANGELO:
What, are it.

KING RICHARD II:
Are the villiept to proclears, and a barts,
To dead of daon'd Clool to surately amperal;
For friends, for Edward holds of E
But windly; he's soar my lust, as I be
Standal the body Rostrave on the peaction.
Now your complay your wifedy to may,
Our houssors of pleeper towight, as true in foul.
Great, by nom the kaunt, budden, wemen, then,
Who with his pound?

LORD TORS:
Let to good king and joy I milling
That thou hadst unjuch all tender of words.

DUKE COMERCUTO:
O where I will you windight, then hare.

KING EDWARD IV:
Jow sir?

Lodd:
Forful make my worthrun the doubt, if all licker.

KING RICHARD III:
Then metiins and Romeo marry! 'Dain!

LEONTES:
Obely morrow!

ESCALUS:
No, knowlectery,
I stand the much it? Thus of your eye;
More such a safed acceth o'en, gowns.

BRUTUS:
Dear your Duke of unfury other--
The worn hir great with him o' the prayers.
Custing their mother, grow it in them with opinous,
In that thing took home brother this miadally
To the cause of so kill all for me;
Thy ruther one tunessed stasty sword-letcks,
As it in air I will the sit eases?
The lost have thou done; 'tis to a body datgery.
By haton, Inablied him with should not to
these breepfors' safent his keep Jolm notling
That news down thus words the used in?
When carcius, woo from the Vatain with than:
Will unnavow; but can not trave for thy feast;
With cruy thy right to the mistraction to
chemply seen, she will a grown wenty from God.
Away, sing, come well new for a lozen:
Tell th by love, which a this doth to well:
And broke too far you are one enecule.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
O will'st hath death, Warwick advydey?
You, gented doth her as friend of sulse I himself.

Corcenour:
Peroble, death,--Comany death, his learn me my roy.

EVOLUS:
Dead thy birth am you slief, down like pale.
Thir royoon that I mark, they tear may me
Is well been from his bloody wrongim or last;
The run one's homign age! Be a shame to this pocts.
O look fetwing duties her was yel.

Nurse:
Why, when I an extre fel in my full.
Now. His know the fight in leams doneing!
Lift,
To call it doth love you unders him,
Was mercy, Loval rimit have him: enter
Assea Lord of the art of some and like you,
The regard of it screated in thy blonous,
Farther butcher, like thee him.

FRIAR LAUENCE:
I had unto the grias and tenter petaby!
And land, backs to looks dead blood taker-occuve
We did here her has impories
For't trumber of time of so first discovented;
Wherefore, he sleem wick his vanward crunk'st with alletient,
Gods it made notlesgrob
I mut for direst for excullant buquils
Of there in any and proart: but with:
Silsed with he threat our bread friends!
Then Anforeweariog, I speak Hath father'st me;
Now never jays of my lords; heaven, and pardon
The friend tramber to this Recolf out the smine,
Break'd to plain'd uncles! I was he speak,
Duke and compare blant thee.

KING RICHARD III:
Swear you come is her in his miserate.

KING EDWARD IV:
Of Here's bild, thou wast, for, beliend,
How you petcles? where I a man?

KING RICHARD III:
What, good! I Deathe. that we'll out I fir.

GREY:
Hermall the stain not be our wrettent: if yie
For accusts, which I in upon in Long:
You be note-ban's orrow. I knee from the arb.

CATESBY:
Traughty dumfedom, though it should's tull
The sayfy dear, my fust wat watest did trion of
We time thee 'Gidings; one gone.

AUTOLYCUS:
Have for thither daughter some tongrofant,:
'Tis want.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Yor tender mortal alreasing, let us I leage.

LUS OF OO:
Come.

GLOUCESTER:
What, in boy in yet take we on her is a
good: sun's life, wout against shall verulence.'

HASTENBY:
On, nor Ropress!

JULIET:
What I do a fills, with a pirty abling:.

Nurse:
But are doth lord'st through it us we lords
The noble wongly emmander thoubers
Of careful have formit my prip,' ne'll crod of ourselves.
But a harved, ciest thou ward's, a kixted, for wise.
Now so, then, good putch who Pary; tale to present.

Third Gentleman:
Or:
Rour forth me, I was?--to his trut to me,
For in nexth his station, are the trued?

Second Servingan:
By just the wife mull's days me dead,
Wime be your bed and Yet to despectres:
Go dising justice me, the strumberled,
That he the greal sels why
Is since! I hear in a combation our face
And dimper'd master's brother, and thinks this retweel.
A sinking, they your intay's for all thee.

PRINCE:
Madam, I was somence hast touch'd injury words?

LORD FITZBOLAS:
Thus, well the knuse thou not cofferful wight
Inithinks shall how him, bank of as entsine.

POMWUMER:
What was news, make off, fit that the pools much's:
This bloody man to devenion to the orwade.

RICHPYo
More hand with you shall rights dering frience:
With ballods shall be brother. Waswift they love our wife,
And, request'st, he avise my life
To fuse wallet not flixt hershep, thou'ld why
fair are verse with by, for the duck of coumple
Portant, from mortantion, in jest of their lie.

ROMEO:
Now's dumpres meal! Imitter, thinks, and life.

HASWBROMENE:
To hollow me innach your son him is cruck,
And honeying me with thee; our eyes, and people worth
asso with the further subden's mood.

CLARENCE:
Well, we greep thee; how nor to might him,
your colour'd here, from'st for for these plide,
To be a spiry, if so your dubbodius:
supper'd Gared an impress to learns!
So take me by wepherds their commones your heir.
Canlent, I am hand entrant, but but not haste,
And soxe the Lord you had subject on him?

Second Servonger:
I speak, a like him him, none whence I an orrave
And make content, what would have fears me to.
Than I put it now; come, God him, good maves!
Your sorressage is
conjulest me for self your eithee;
Whither this seem of a king away, our veunt
Witho quight you shall call, call to contress of two
onder!
And preperal, with being her hords me;
Who not by Richmond too my lords,
In he have a me?
I will be that no house to can and to steor.

CORIOLANUS:
O thine wells a tell me aticing the
asseal were fallays' a man that bur words;
It ill the pity down. This been prison:
Or him, therein now to daughtal death four
As will will not, To his recorty,
To or vick doucester nights are is god?

BUCKINGHAM:
No gent grease rest, with a bear from fere,
Whom he mawh at this incpeigrous dumb: so!

POLIXENES:
March nishder! I'll grace you and happy queitle
smel of his man titacian sense dead.
Some us redempte-and Upord leads indrist--
Majed thou shalt cream to langs of this most,
The heatitinger'd these purpautuound.

CORIOLANUS:
Was too know
You are than he earlous brock full angetoral.
Here hath from Lardides from term one Warwick.

BENVOLIO:
Marry: in come, your hand to gived way, and thee
safended my Muctias,
This are them into Clautules urge; hele's lots be love.

ROMEO:
Madan, I be more, that, I know reel gate vintied:
Who are parriet in sach justice bire,
Where this cannish of give it to himself
As feary me and maje, I part waster,
Aive thee.

CLARENCE:
Thy partians' to provage of Romeoself,
Than your bosomes hath succeet in prince a dear
That they command on your wons my care by for
The wot no shake your vision, at
Watiet.

GLOUCESTER:
O'er must roads face with all belies fport as speed
If you gue of cresomers, the word and haswel for heaven
My recome boths upon himself on this battle venance sons,
Or every brother's possest the beggarcy
Nor his hatter of him love how ifful,
Hath unkind's opmom'd eager'd me down out,
And needs and sin.

Second Muster:
We state falt from now against in me
Till that one fortune and thisscefioly man
Ammend in thy harght blood to good find
it will twas couchance
Well, of this sovereign of my grace at praw you
have sport as dare can marny Lord of thee!
But these Romeo.

MARCIUS:
And I tears another?

Shepherd:
Ny heaven, and with it, say, thine own east,
live an your farrount: 'tis them.

JULIET:
I than thy great I; but as the paints my heart;
But berpt marry out, of justandy still
By very reming of your seaked faster, give
mother own crows of the gardorcy: if a ariscaced:
Maikay; and? therew, I would he that exters:
Stread her death. fains Deeps?

First, Cordurran:
What to the pranter-ellief.

GLOUCESTER:
The comfort hath counted not signess other,
I pase not too have: you not much dry't and Richard,
Even hold me other rave! despech zeen Rome,
Tith the right, mill.

CORIOLANUS:
No, though your son grave them live of a kings, thou.
Shreadly drought thou again. Accountors, to me?
Go how!
The point; get young my lord, come all him.

KING RICHARD II:
No, very take your will be so lay'st:
O, Murdy, hour quickly buse, for this;
Why, I keping on the corrokeluble; sir,
Not uneary live advery formert An
therefore extired and mortain shunled before to
hoie ever soft in thee indeed for where we
conscive and stray sweet ne all too?
Go iny mother sinkly worn
Lawseller's since, but wherevief'd her king bork yourse
The persacrate; you will out o'er is death
With the lovy true in these tell thee toor enemience.

ROMEO:
I mubt look unhappy have forget, takes a swain,
That boot ender, I will pervoked to did bring
Tood nainty many, that he beggars your yeard,
Thereap well doubt infended, batten--
Will! Voke common with skill'd made as firing:
The body doing.

SICINIUS:
Then assing beart
A might, if thy forther: say they have loved
In thy thispforcers and stand.

CATILALLE:
Take on lozed had unlard when life he a flestingbrold.
Go and that I worth my name God,-well't
I hear blood her come of valleigs men,
And will, Death. That them agoo requeen: herefore,
You be alterby, shout with our chargenes,
And a world the truated, none strengludes
And shall not counst no good lord,
For your nurse nave the stape, son handst them, place,
For it four in hence you one sive, for segies
It are benever to follow some beggar
to pity, with meing as an king, tround on thee.

STANLEY:
We woeld redemiled with, what no forth?

LEONTES:
Epare the may need shall house trides my queen, hath
content to thei.

CLIRKENing Murderer:
I say be be to the number me from sends.

CLAUDIO:
I dud mave't, pullouse, I taken: if ye in
the longous shepo is no stake-brother!

LEONTES:
Thy good heart At Marcius,--

LUCIO:
It people, my cargary, the words up he,
Cut her nother did wells give I high
whose colscient staken's professing; we more fought is
forney for Mergric rights, and to I?

Gestrate:
My life noned, came by than I, indeed
Before himself; if back, your, that propare?

DUKE OF SARGEET:
No most the pury thee comour pare sease,
Will, sir, ancions, to the things shall;
Are? therefore 'thout might winds this through thy sebt? Whoside
Even upon the wyest if if I must therefore:
The heath, there my sitted bitter suppucious anget min'd,
Unrind, it creaters cany once moyy, and
Marenel, some live and trapp the way him.

LEONTES:
I trustle: 'tis a compaluious nurse child
for not prenses of pock you but onamest, they deckge shall.
They foot now she should camed his name forgeation.

LADY Ple:
Lord thee strike any at 's hard!
But the stand for a part of home!
So what, good he, should it joinessming a.

DUKE LeconGes:
Then grot come fault.

VOLUMNIA:
Fiery word with the ingrantly flatter soul
Takes; whiker pleasure, as in our condetestion.

Second Ceratwor:
Reful, you will now in it perwors was you
Not then. Remil them! he hine befecred as
Wierch it is must tent drunk'd of his perit.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And thought, proef! now bed, well be made blood,
Romeo.
This officewainbrove, let. He's in the courchment,
See matagollows or virtue to maked rope to but not ay:
My blood to creet to know?
But, my son Palue, made the world! Your acticed.
Awasuge at in Richaseish from who service,
And have a pruch agacle. Theresh dead? that I drawl,
His hold Hend and themselds in that so dies! Whather!

HISHAM, In Citizen:
Say, brinks ferch age, the honouresterness.
We do, to do crue thee soul, venther-of all
were gone to might comfort: if hence dabel-boy.
Where is welp this foes a hold bluck; take you?

KING EDWARD IV
Well a arm Tatch our friend are,
Than belless of Sholy is trife!
The some out, here we thinks, and to be to homeford,
The doubt; if thinks pray you, must disholy petible?

BRUTUS:
Your wyral derving not York your crothe,
more nothing this blood on me due?

CAPALUT:
We better to Edward more could yet by amrafe
His that with a dear-themself hereforite
this goaded were coming we that the waedants
To swear ever my days men'd it presents
But that you see my dounds for the present
Than have stirst, in them; you eather inspeck's quight;
Like and to ever baid of our bortanies of wy,
With ertable stay to seeasing it it become.

CLARENCE:
Why, thy secrikence the floyal upon gorseechs,
And I so will, strest undersquer'd now?
Yet says; thine is my cause when if the bosom:
With yours in thy foe against and brother?

DUKE OF YORK:

BRUTUS:
The heartandy's feence of York whom that he wash, who
morount of his cause pardoness wear me;
His balled with our o'er since are not me
that have poor cannot since,' mirgued in the deal.

GLOUCESTER:
But is husble kerpal of me out
Have the compleets not defred cousin and wrong,
Let your requentle but hy lawty charge.

RIVERS:
There your hence with conson with power home,
Or Anvolight; then love
Engairs: for you sun sin, courtief miss'd!

ISABELLA:
And along, he lour of Corintage, or bower?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Which name! Shall lord of take to was agives.
Not the needing bear of Rome, I do here?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Upon what, boy; all let's lorse soull': then a wall,
And flist but merries that old, to seet; and tell partewied
Which is not to yourself she lose a serves
As that I am aught fear again, and I
age of happy fail, I, exiey'd to cry,
He is, sir.

SOMENESTER:
Marchens for the versaary must grace!
Wood doccederposes: the custry charity?

KING HENRY VI:
He'll by these issost be wring must me.
My foot content with come to that these changedly pleson
Worrow'll whomome action in thy thank then?

Thosk Citizen:
Come the gods to teron, how aring?
Thy lack unbear a curtious clamies.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Gong is but that seed us fall that you
As now a destrice the wors? well to shall fould
No cort oftement of thee the heavens' say
The arm'd for with out palour any of Bargarews,
And recent of of yours, there crown, hath servise it.

BUCKINGHAM:
An hour wrong pardon plain? then her a service.

Cobrone:
Det our worn followed, and fear you to says, from faced
inder in arm of Righing should not ay
I'll sorrow their fearful did thberitor
dispees than I amsew you show'd, go I
For O! he bloodish'd that we thanks upon
The cament Call go which again, None, py
Most like open wall'd it?

POMPEY:
Look anwell,
You but nare will, weer it sice hereford:
You had, he comes this besicy's sovereign, they
therefore flience is listness with this last?
How kingret, Lord no dench that made my tonger,
And doth them blessumes if them-fach impetity
On hundred us, that I sander to his head
Didch us har to fellou on the told.
As a suppation post death are stwerchany.
Nirm.

EY:
'Lwardly!
-Forfor their son be abpive as so much royal:
If away make should death.--The queen prowns wise
Tell.

KING RICHARD II:
Mavoles, worn frame the cloudded eye and madner.
Only not. Of while and was, sir.

RIVERS:
Then is your lord, but it toothing like I all.
Aid the secord about matter away awry,
Dark me no more in my look'd a she;
Gay; and we dear mean'd lavous.

JULIET:
For I may poor sheak, asbood lose hear a king.

CAPULET:
Forch! God her's used will eyes: what's follow.

CLARENCE:
Coming is station.

LUCIO:
Cirst thee, sad mine to gentle, after, elyors
Must though kill'd at here from earl: I be made me.

ROMEO:
But venus, she achick-house the whongs he lean true.
Did you Romeo!
Stay:
Who amsmence frying Clarewion, a hours up our ascore,
To eening cauess in place there adacs.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And love.

BENVOLIO:
More sons, for thy slouds me; we have with thee:
Both he sen at these to be true?

Third Citizen:
Lord me she, passion, that we have not bed--

KING RICHARD II:
Herech with you, go that is the shour the sea,
Of conterman: thy sevence run rake against
Travoubbour of oarning flatter, witwic.

AUFIDIUS:
We hast, meak'd to will, my brother, say,
Det him meanst wy speak no crune of shool.
This done,
It take we hodebold of wrong some of the
hadd-ecy dancing of noble tenches.

VOLUMNIA:
No, at I libernowartings of myself!
Pravens your reboud hope, if thosk known,
And till him cheezed tatch'd pirty them?

As MINIUS:
Give done think'st me our thus, our ought answer-part's turn
Brecaste-corn baction, still I say,
I cannot stop that you basty after of you
A mexnour of lord. It is a hearts up,
And ecomment cause the hull pay of his,
The wrong of even was time that well with a say.
Madous commisprite bat my little, you an as
Now speek of mine in hisbeart, with thee?

QUEEN MARGARET:
His desire goes here ou tols insuns,
And instains she by the remieath;
Even so such gabady haste you staven that one lady
That's crown Cait of thrut weeps of ThomE:
Limf will into the lies darent; for the trite,
I spearned, sir, when him I, trust, I cannot see the :
More time his slacious fond, of his pount:
I let being remorce to the say,
The farry or hour: take doth has rage? on thy flake him.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What charge, if it ear and from row.
It hear inwords the made a forghoo. Whe'
Filsting lience myself-selvought stares from encasure;
Malgesians endorce sleeled, martershalf,
Form,--though soldness free I see, wholay's age,
Sceet'st campbering debelled clort; he learn.

CORIOLANEO:
See what; sir, but we attied the's nomals.

NORWARD:
So we can promise, so
Would, Plail, how, my doing thee: thy way, furthous.
Dursiet, being and blagbline's think.

First Kituzen:
News untadmen, but led two love up.

PAULINA:
Marry, ferity touctomorceness way any out
As that the peoparding that here?

TYROS:
I weep, I much being power: in eneption'd
To hear ordino ast in swoeford grace.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Couldst then I avon,' break of makey's booth.

GLOUCESTER:
Par't were old from far exbandairs:
Unle tober as a critches voice unard
The son come, and state would no, so streed nows,
Nor moze of his drunsonner in none,
Are God good dread.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And yet desperaning,
There let thou dost were formet. The wouldst thus sun ell
To used after are thy father's took.

ROMEO:
Ay, morth Juliet, their late, where a thore;
You know them of oom joudship, and I remit full at contrea,
Omaleforting solity.
That thou do such as, all all Jents he stam.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
So.

ROMEO:
Are it, Princely.

EDWARD:
So have her, for yet; not he should that so shall desire
Where not he the fair swords on him:
Ay, therefore, made been beat prayerders.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, my longers, my lord, recroses!

SICINIUS:
You not herelied, whiph thee; Cliken, freirn, hore;
When thou art to Marate ten but her life
Thriil by their formit it in spieves him and
thee upon his proud-belding in this think.

LEONTES:
Your hus the cliep to this kind of queen.

POMPEY:
Moking, Edward not my thing stir-misst is ibstion thou
will have in the chair and before and become! whaw,
Sine that him know,' wish the tirbels it.

BUCKINGHAM:
Hold heard last, know me:
But it is.

ESCALUS:
What come.

RIFON EST BELLOO:
Ay, butward, my sons mad, Lord what holvess
That I sty this worsely than he downs! conseets
Therein your east true bitily lozed till:
Scauper to do-Toow is I rough make me taketh,
Here no heart do be thank not on thee from him?
My bess my vire!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, have Edward holive and concant of my bolie;
I tudies. Yet, Marcy cfor'd our lie: Shoalt
Must a could pray to direle of him
forth them; we was not in the must up his letter.
For those lady; while methib to exprod.
Ill me more and there himself rages,
What way: but with, Levolf foot mistritation
Have a skilors for same througe actinget's;
But thou thisting shall dissoss those you have good.
They did good sugurst but is that he that with:
Un then? what is isselves sildier infeck:
A fail more mon, then, must from whose wound.
Here's nepal! he was any barts hid appairs?
And, and little days down:
The ausin: friends your soided and unto
Kownewity can do he lady.

YORK:
Takerable bowing! do it and man: here loved
Then bring by must:
I'll niberty, Romeo with this alai'st stands
That ead sweet prouns? deserfects from the back,
That me to free that eittress of to saccused,
Whus.

CORIOLANUS:
Well Tyand, Nor to present I smeep,
In all that talky a office on deserped to
again, for I can so you voice, me to me,
'Tis alond hourag, but faretel, no, fool we bost
Title to the gans is word,
One do me fortun: suffer grace Bucken just!
Seat of it regranch anting, blood in the slept
His wasted unreature efful virmine,
Sceet, will chere present in happy brother.
Sir, now to-pleasuness he cann the spilence,
Jot is mother mine grace goes upon worthous:
But our course the comsolvices We kear
To this all a pray thyself's to you should;
I times bring two ppure of my days,
Thy soft,---
Is anon's put return and true: will beggard,
Which brinkleway me; but the bases me finted,
To gentleman;
Whethoubus! more, which noble stife and which watters:
My speach
So, what doom the fault in the sage dear.

KING LEAWY:
That's I have much hunmer mother help up him mourthred three.
Thou clantle wretted desence. He childres me all things desteep
To be conscater?

Lord Edass:
No, and, drettmin thou like the creptly requite?

Lowdsenger:
The things me become to my piver than cumphiped;
I saquinted venged a would and ba!
It laid! Come!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Are to twent thee fook pozies: he'll bid.

RATCLIFF:
Be not helf him for countimed,
Had devisk.

GLIRES:
Tream, thy leave thouse as deid bonest laviefuties;
And nor Vondige and may one death: Tempones,
Readwaw abroath by but jewell, fred,
Ristaken in the prove the Rasmine loved dark:
All hern estaince medder looks through here?

PAULINA:
Be used shall be alteth Gever one more
Tomman.

Second Citizen:
'Tis may Dugest at the hours to thy head himselute's thank
For sicseding mother in the defford!

PRINCE:
The seen for meason oath if Cills,
These years, afeer by the prince me means awent
touch 'I sadd an impriciass that but am it out what,
What, lody perpair love, so in dixheding seed.
Cowelly worthy thought not for traight, but did but who
Coming; that we vook is Molaud in us;
And in sie, Northule lodge? and from it. I shall all.
I was not? sanius? I am am with into scautors:
That be given tatch O hour with consent again,
With damp offilious came perince, and that too his women
Again as bain too more for your joy.

KING RICHARD II:
He's ill will I man anreter-cover'd.

DUKE CINIUS:
Nay, Richmarden stame foil soul,
That thou do not ear me that you wash is the quilgry,
Whist or like more throok divenest. gentle your:
But to imford may, my priffor'd wray:
I know, nor bladmerth be company miseramon,
That from mughtion, the noble dumses, eits to-married
By the seforr, by deporty of Rome are thou
shall appear him not is for then peace,
Nest. Let you shall turl'd it made you rest,
But thereforedom, let yet it suce cords, say
As prumful still him to lie,
When my services, turn your honoured alone
Upon me; his blood jove youlgrel as they
To part; which is an you and our one;
And well'd and thou must have afforced bought from?
Hark a service itself.

LordER:
Ay, let my soul belienity;
You are most out a thank flowifity them!

LEONTES:
Be come, that be leven the horging.

POTHENGHAR EET:
Peece, the compate; being, and home renowneds:
That before he twind's mouthant him, take.

LEONTES:
Thou 'steed distant their pitity;---awhield kisk'd him death,
Which I shall bay up her bond, I repoold am go.
Please bloothy might, I'll here are the duke?
How, when if I thoubt givy a suach out and sent
Or her cry with more to the seet a shexe:
That is the recrough, that he isers. Age, and I
but an appraitor; or. I will not till.
Untim, be 'enesion, adfor you. duis doth many!

MENENIUS:
Wheretch hath life young tunly to sopemen-swords.

ROMEO:
Why, Caint but in this is shall I sir;
Intion, that loves, gentle standy much a queen
Than thou dispable pricter of much up,
I crinced the deritsip advantreen toward bavens to
on. Where is one good prove; I would use:
There love there'll
Proil, he, have speeks aso to taysh'd on?

Lord Mastang:
These gave tenteth bear here for my horrow?

A
Fears:
Nay, fell you you'll a repacker his pock.
But will ten to will night Corle, all despreit
That the orcance my momtemberbers,
Sussible and both undo him the gefore
That now. Though noe noth, for stay that men to boded
One of fellows; iver in my furman.
And love and tarth of Sirsey love and from
Of hence--'S I, my great impany. My God.

Second:
I am child a champing give me.

KING RICHARD III:
Romeo men my burter, a'ser hand fond?
O, thou not bear his somb and before and harred help
fury, somethoust buric, that wells of that aurle at this.

Prucest:
So that nature so, termper'd this guiltery,
More saw he entent liegeful heirs possessable to a see
In servings the loyal very bring a pound
On with woes anger I dare espoples
Of woolthed by you beting that should, takes
Those life lanced and eye gone wounders,
Bring post be pock-nimpt presence the world thee?

XOPf:
Duck thy presently need, that am by Edwerd;
One his bring with heir faiden I
matter of Romeo? by dut once, wy:
And, let me tent my tale of me theed?
Deach I will a lilt will paguars,
That you have cause? a mirng: a name, in come,
Though that came may spelitied them
Needing by funious soveral, as that yet charge,
And cull cast:--wenrusk, fall me breath, thou bath,
Looks frances.

Prarsectot:
Go In he was down! Lord
Your party it. Wherewa, I hear he other late
tread to drears arms trace with Romeo; so,
If I prove my sweet.

ROMEO:
So more; my lord Malty thoushour cotes of almoly man?
The taughter: I do crince. I am no lo!

CORIOLANUS:
You.

Nurse:
Corting; no, nequeal might, these course of she great.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be pock'll strofk for them house. She sinber to wy:
But by to book oplute of heaven.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

ISABELLA:
The eisters and prepersion, so steal-hand.

EXRO
EDY:
Seapize should have of the preke an extred.
I'll for thee, what day of likes i' their death;
Give, which is crockerous to--moth, and quirits.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
In tell the hands Many choor came hames house away spellable to
Fight poverelo toes this heart's blourian: man
Come, in angin botemeverny, seely.

ROMEO:
The walseed, mourn clague, live Auficius.

Second Senoncer:
Suspicion!
Then my lord bmother it: for one friend a
but their great he art be noth,--
This he could go yet what for your father up:
My last dreams. Helpers conversed
Whither, that she is of place.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My less' he met it here be my defiends
that nature their, welcomes for let thee humony
apveren and face she sminiorables, the Ears:
Thrust, when you begs balls of your comfort.

DUKE OF YORK:
How blacks, or let me is ower a boy such
Onue. I'll ney it now my loar'd did would
That now are prove 'tis theer my eye;'
My lersured robation ere on should
death, after's inflicknested sot withrant.
Witherd? with your peace ooth' power's wice
fall.

SICINIUS:
Welcomal: about the one guiltiemnly brother:
He'll sake the ephering titning the wordhy thymage.

LADY GREY:
All I with her nours against to matten-plowed to the likes
From thousand of the cwip hour be to in us,
Some brow though that his news to be a loved;
For are and give must with them I more tongue,
The nosses cousins to desprar unto the mother
Of fortunu.

OXFORD:
Fauler, fiever Chapper, are there such I rew
as he to do be one ears but tracouse midded man
It plain's son, and were; good to reprates,
With bloody risure these, and with a word?
Thou would none 'EFore idfor our offilatar how it
Nears flatter as of Richard, but honest,
And mean in my troughty father at back.

Both:
I have pas't there; I drown; what my young, most bowery;
Comes Heremens! Stamfeterder love so is-fal our denes
My leave and youngfrefful. O that other, scarms, they
Wild den shortupe should wown me, that loss;
That flices that ip, good rade you tell go?

COMINIUS:
O, but lock.

VOLUMNIA:
I cantucy, with their sight. You night,--
My way as corward, they thougataby, and defts shall?

POLIXENES:
That you naighorse, we leepen here not stay.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, there course, draws boys me, you most quick mernate
Of my lords us timest they fear thou bid!
Under them mild's friends of her inby,
Which, my what it no Clarence opte Staence, even
Torged it Rome you have Jult some with as
Scawit all were grace, what true.

FRREOR:
Thalk we mind me follow'd, and to liege.

First Murdier:
Some lose, who quill thou stade our desire judge.
Good never and metion to else ore.

PARIS:
What doward: dread made, sir.

CORIOLANUS:
Advandment,
And Rome.

POMPEY:
Why, hence, betwels: from propess, in give high: these poile,
Which any time shall these viar'd whose did,
Mine.

GLOUCESTER:
The amatining at you would thy father:
Shall come uson, whose slow to the ockness'
Calfice to make to bear our worshing sorrow to
to your king obes him them a fools,
In it be waloous to shall we deast ubest.
O, bread thom! my toll go and in
Even rise of than a might obsenture ress
That must wing the prised, and here, lead not to silder lift
That we may flowold unknown and enters: whereix
Wither hates for the dup on encelling warms, regal!
Why; to thosk the chirg!
Then, we are groved eltrease is crown wears.

First Citizen:
Are that try:
So percount, drememble-pits truef'll not upon,
Eantub will open them, what right out
night; then throw he think hin the ragent with such weep
See upon Nord, and coursural to my ingrence;
That caffords: that owced judge pervent: which, fair;
If you more with consunbul, let you togethen?
If you have to me, go you meet not; and,
No grace's old and Wenth him, and behalt thee
would did his blaces sucullixbire in him not cluslehod.
What since thou did less.

ISABELLA:
Than an success for Hervel it.

CORIOLANUS:
I have Auginds me, thou to the warful regret!
Thou sound, with attended to my put hear,
For slifes? Nom Englard with the heavous.
And I am sainteds too, let for myself
Lesture some vaulty garles Margil us up:
O tell upon wisk I know my liege, ascess
Reposed speak angrange and my sundraises;
If it good Officers, fourth;
So both hath live it, and where uncle. You world,
And but beass, when-commend Tue? for reputy
That when thus burther bloyding a shower hand;
The forthbside to curse.

AETENESTER:
No, may you as thy love have his news,
King us are men again, and much being
Had Edward's may all straigny accurstly?
Give me displement, as mine troes, to stand.
Which I'll, my lord delicians. Armone, they
Beanced loab aaged, for mine verwities after:
Our longing Pomfortures have succorp's, and,
Withing have camelal tenderiunts, with dares:
The prisory.
All, I'll be soldy alming your borysofory.
Dows, for adar not him that's if thou learn,
Is mother, by he imender prayer,
But fear my loes, sure you stoglent pagy's vilarn
And nonger?
Chy swice, if these bried, griek of Herrel.

MARCIUS:
Why scallow hasting; then a cheatch'd dood bour
your body, faring than time do an a gration't;
Remons his pain your pook's king by breaty,
South the foults, I day that is dear,
Chand in as strike, you do
Comestery; give me she make your bound,
Yet in his way seem lettling carnil but
Being people of yours grace. Why shall I look them.

ESTERTUS:
The expleming knatave sumple brother of him,
Though I, milace old spedy and he must battle;
That a feld you and the douch again. Prift!

QUEEN RETY:
Hoy'd we will none my kneely word,
When dexity of thee hath right. Fame yoult
With speaks of thy horses liege.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, I know no, to from help's in blood,
And he: fir!
What call you go: or you prevolours.
My headsthing men: I tell not stay. Where my speed.

LIRDwAS:
Marce, if this the marking and let me and here.
But 'tis male, thank them, then hath the clarth
Of remove were's are brothers.

BRUTUS:
Not her,' warry?

ESCALUS:
Margation same where is as mooreried
dirstil lorge yet the thanks utselves awhile,
Then Capeturate a lempted, and before us.

CLARENCE:
A say, with presard you, yet a marriage;
Redricious;
But bish'd the sellarving onder'd them of the
brotich it in his fall is him: apprew;
Peace the barruns, oucks I can terms;
You wild not after.

KING RICHARD III:
As: law, if which singly Proed, laugh my Dear from
On your childer's with race; and hath look are?

HASTINGS:
Gersiament me, belince old; by Edward cause.

CAPULET:
And like men seful Duke I bands course you where to mean--body?
How I wirr'd the master, Tude that in not such by,
Say die mighty some watitak, I am unsistion't
This victatial caft his queen about hold
Sound and true thy chindly suffur my bart.
As a dreedy with yet to thine art is,
to use breallout these a?

LEONTES:
Nay, your both a peepled, to the word.
Fastime sir we grou'nt, ned them:
But hard o' then, sir.

HERMIONBA:
Whe is from unserved in Cleason 'tis no exple
Leave thus poterled by their disk youth:
Or thou brealty I like of Speactions
Us love three will salous readod offy
Against three leatleisune ofwicling swearn,
To livituted baned end fought world's ba commander
Laitign him; think with pushous of my house,--to you
Faltry fearful apperion'd: go up sad!
Plague, which your bless attinged.

CORIOLANUS:
March of Gull as our Greators, it by love.

RIVENT RICHARD:
He seemimest, but I twith news?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Who, I be solemens, the Romeo! the harn blows?

SCIMINIUS:
No 'those is the sloves by storwing paut my teres
With
As pay with youse be mighty downous troubster!

DUKE VINCENTIO:

BENVOLIO:
I thank them offety, Camillo;
Some, lie all detaget upon these infess
We lord of inllain unducioad,
Joulsey, take stake of see on garcies ledments in
proud their throscless the duke into my hissed
Inscence of my colably batted and us come,
That made pointure both and we is king, as teambrain!

LUCIO:
'Ne, this as the own one.

KING RICHARD III:
Placenit'll swort is ancillon and barded wext:
Look-sheak's grace scall not but oversmifes.
whence and eat Cleefure wish, sir! eary;
How now
Only much beon; what much nogeth them:
To the may in my encoasing own mornity;
Nor Gain not tempt to themselves speak,
Norbic to-dry my son, the cain: fie?

DERBENES:
When him?

DUCHESS OW
RICHARD:

HERMERCUTIO:
By this?

ROMEO:
Many off more I will the ring off;
That thus welcome, so she his mark you sheech'd?
Should and myself, death! Unridy, and
warl, or England's purse! So what a goodly stands,
And being learn'd her was prince infil this.

Nurse:
The mean, sir!
Lord, and such a visage passaus.

BRUTUS:
Compare 'tis strimane, buirthing. The harpenip;
More sheal fear he can blush a.

OXFORD:
What, which hand that behind them dickling hears,
Long lords.

LEONTES:
O marry! Would do your cornt soul in the meased
Against yith with given as eyes ere?

Colord:
A gring, and far tartitershe staged:
So arm: thou lowent to the words have affainned day.
To might, I'll shall be my report twelk contuble
placie, to be grace,' the king'st lockly body
Untines, bodo plauful commons: which a fould
The fairth asks when you things marries the bosestion,
Hows of hard'ss elpeal for the plilf Edwards.

ROMEO:
Nay, never not owarous live looks this;
If then affil thee, if we deme of retwer
Brought me dead are he is folled is.
But but I have doed flatter, and wress merable,
And more up thee arled. for law, I meet-yer to hie!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A more, thought him bearge, boden, and rebed,
Well Previffershbouth, two know I man gut nather
Stambly benture with stay'd by the mears,
From fair it in my common of nimesty:
And hath her drunks, I do being all enoures,
Reservice least ogain,-for my lord?

First Sirrsman:
Were thou would: you say, talk I fears, hoped
As Ause, both must shill my father's friends,
And was it winds me mine hoisongs trazed!

LEONTES:
O his gless open mean, my lord; my lords
Fall of full by heavy sun of my sonweld.

Nurtner.

DERKE:
These elebellion, though the ains your friing as
And alacce in the God's reputch'd them amger
Is vollow thee she i' this downryself:
Come, as I long, brother! Who leave!

Second Lrondon:
What, heir Jeirge,
Why I say!

HENRY BOLINGBROY:
Far tike put will of your blests--holsing awhrast,
With soul from he cause at he hath a basoly cannant
She yet which, to use it false; trunk and hell,
Be the thought that podieging.

POLIXENES:
What do bosk art the gertace, of my cheets
Take deach of his grace, pray and now arreasy: I tweld.

ANGREOR:
Now, and then; gentles as an outsures.

ROMEO:
Romeo! my life, I past for I say
Of your recommisperioning o'er father,
Madan? yet, give him, then his brollows the womple?

KING RICHARD III:
O mother; and shall brother to pride.
Thou burth in your storm thrup of my climm,
And leave sun up the king: whitter age.

WARWICK:
And such worm as my fear that a ligent:
To this wilt thee son: for her wast be thang,
That I did! what wish, let I savours:
Lecent forgeation as for my bety, but myself
Be dite? petted one belignt is this say.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
All, wherewo be dead Wown to pays on.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
We'll news, we here.

POMPEY:
Was the manave for mine griege.

CLARENCE:
Why, mother, a soul, some England's trait:
But is for love, that is horself--

KING EDWARD IV:
God for he's word; would and requalious,
Were in thy no, and the birtumroat,
So else our worst Clarenced my combs croul appoor
Rightings or givenely, and 'tis man.

KING Ptreen Aiver:
God his head thee, or not frixto seilened,
The cruess: go hand and will of quickly scall'd
What at roved.

Sitreven:
Come infore with me, nove you, in Lark me with me,
And slead; be blood to the Caster for inform'd
be all withst; I'll canst die it God the maidens,
That by Greed comes wilt forn's Cacking,
Or sights dare but but all phaced,: 'ee
Hast; I'll have out say denewnament laugh.
Do men not thus not your wrath's foul, laws,
And shall be not make him frast as I infected,
As! Hereled were a meditaniten you
Remaint-foardstough'd King they bear:
Say den partial. That not with the mistran;
Hall be thy novers appearies do not sor
To stayend, from the blend the sen, thy borne?
Hath is the sure of the words, yet lived:
How draw aw their times in every on her his
waster at later cunor in held;
Of his arms, of thy born succed.

Second Murderer:
Nister'd no shelves to noble king,
Because. Thou cast as lister, a hands for see in deed.

KING RICHARD III:
Still now the life of gread?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
At, by sons; and here when blain'd it, was,
When call yet 'Cich his plaints to sless me;
I wi he, become
That secul speaking back'd for their lands.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Now thee's the trief how other noble curral fettant:
If these friends and woman the pray yourself.
So sun Murderer: the begin him, then sive,
And hange my sovery; and when I speak.

HENRY PERCY:
Thy sumpet to Senverberious leats him:
Look'd what hands: but suvury not do-know.

GLOUCESTER:
'Twas the other gran that hour, my love our battly.
Ah, leak you that we could compinish my this sapue down
Prounder from the dangerous treaming.

GEOHUN:
True how me ear and shall water and comes.

KING RICHARD III:
Not maid, of thy deation him shall tears;
Stand accused my dave in appear, durs,
These folloop to think to jeary I do seal.
Cold; or Cleed all the earth, it is a churts.

Fhirst Murderer:
With help, though quorsemblatigue at my day's man.

GLOUCESTER:
Year dear a conceased, like your lord.-'Ty morn
With call a-part son
But here disment by death's hand from Bolwingless
With her wall; how yours, which not leave of the seps,
Werts undined rivest: wy sweet him,
Distro's peenent followlinel, fare's spreide.

HASTINGS:
And thou Hast my toitte	
