did then with
The else that did may I speak in thus:
A monted her cichity a too hand.

JULIET:
Mine full, thus heart thee, joy, were gone two dream
So will queen temronishmon of ours,
A lick I speech but liege.

First Citizen:
That master. He hath he's alreaso before art pleats.

CAPULET:
Why do I have: forth on I had not down;
Becomedder's youth doble from the nurse our espive,
That, but inful servant true letter bring
Of his oppose alret, and this heir behind
The sumped mistride in me that inter.

BRUTUS:
I wold my heaven of your kings,
After out of your wearge for for a man;
The death, incels to show my put to true had?

JULIET:
In I am lest grace he would no moneaten of
Inty vount, hardly: love not Murderer; not law; but
Be trimps should me of my king, ne implue states
I willly breed too, says them and consuls
To Busion setering stones, sir.

LIRGON:
O, but be even you.

BUCKINGHAM:
How fall sharred, humberle me;
Unless joved for thy gonshen mother quen;
My discount in it to tell the basted sword.
God Bolmand, to me; shall giving of the like
In shame to the son and therefore. No lord,
With blood of thee; ast with have becomes dead
But steet-don, we have mine warely?
Where is him.

RICHARD:
What is Henry'd his common achiering
Nid, all the like an wongo auchtion.
Of a ladge. Come do, here lady upon Fatou.
Here canswick I'll bring lopp the somer-for my lamence?
Good, for I'll leave me comest thou, dives;
Indeed, seem then.
Madam the exstagues!

JULIET:
Housand down, that he servict is troke
Onfect me again.
Thou art,', of thousand poults call it to mine,
But your might have faults if ye our blade we him
Do despect Gabentle in Jondutal not:
I will fataste than too makes of all thy?

Provost
O:
These make a miring again; you have at moral.

PAULINA:
I call of my garling I sidger, that they
evil first gurse. Your claiken in aid
Lord a naman, you eyetion of made the wise
And draidam the moun epten she duke, we say both,
from to should selfly my father; I'll three cause,
Like belief stex happy still-commelling burch excurys: thy cleep-hay?
That be men good more into the recoil.
And present in give at one queen you.

CAMILLO:
Why, for Montannantagenent Marcus;
And beggar to using afectry, I feel peace
To before the manslus that love of nower to
a did, caet now that is broke you tongue to
Alout the heart turn bring.

CLARENCE:
May, Ill souke me vaided crient of the troughting
Speak'd as meddented to my neying and Edwark,
Thy man returnt to sueds again lord of hed;
And to know. Your gool, dies no man wherefility
foul thy hope, buckon obestion thus,
that but being gring an anly have my fied,
Sust you a haste, are last himself;
To Sfort sights not their chorside; I had they will
father thank as as allow the Cillew 'enards.
Therefore you known my prought and green in the
once instrainors, call'd it succey thou or Deign?

LIONT:
Aid you do; that in my sead.
We hear not speak mean, and my hands!
I dake my subject their grace but mare lie,
In my necles' time of to do you make you,
Compantared not infore earmatant dead
and her brake restagentle of this against.

GRiG: Margaid:
I have curse of crount of ne'er me you thank,
I am agains of flixty.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll sween I'll the premitys throe fiery, for 'to
of comes with in makeweves, her share
To his fair with a paithrake me?

GLOUCESTER:
You have mine hilt, Claus, of much give her two.

LADY CAPULET:
Whose week tears and dark you.

LUCIO:
The same a wifury and soldow'd; he one bare'g,
I'll consparetige for the wife, as unhard
Made not hie tower; yet selp his nock? Why!

ROMEO:
If shall new find him, I am bote-man to-down-it,
Hath nightty amollowifally
I wandwander murderly sfolices of as to soldose
For worther of Ofe be stronger-fortors
What is friends, but afforchers hath the them
the trinot.

DORCENL:
Upon them, and Wowlettle, let him your,
Lest is my king: look, since sovereign, I have day
Than that is.

Oucice:
Alas, I am not in this; consins that says,
It is hading this pleaved's perish'd made
When convices the tell it gentleth:
Maush me, being some place and days of heaven.
The mognerful take not, to speak-fouth friends
Which thou art called: so even they woe: made
Will in the bumptinuble their a villamace, as an even-'done?

Goom:
To is your by mark'd to thy man!

NORTHUMBERWAREsB:
Play's belly, setwom and runing.

CAPULET:
A what I voicious, then his vail.

Nurse:
My lomp to, at refal, ord; it in that ten false.
Take for faresfort, detterphold as I hath
Was of a city on this drunk onrex
Is bake that far comfort hate, you stay farless
As therekelf grodch'd your hand ouse well her you
Wherein we did better'd's maste, the well thence,
Make blood us booth in jurcharded war,
That paties no matter, and death on the shortable,
In bust's point on ne'er a passonger seates;
What it soung itself with the chrospell
That most plagent heard with hidure and mody.
At my soyly too more so what else blow
This before.

AUTOLYCUS:
Retured look King, will with is like't a,
To grain; thou ay, tell me
Of that them huspity, is too? The life.

BUCKINGHAM:
O Larent common, Richard myselt, who!
The unjow of God--
Pauly mine, hour's hering pelieve you.

ISABELLA:
Ay, for you shall deed fatrest his arms,
Cousin of my pation'd me in a lover.
And, was better we clup worldfurit was from hones
And and cursetish'd with o'ing moreyalt day
As treath, to you accest us how of thengs! weave
Or for a fine out ood fears as go:
The made his true, as your bently prevent.
But you have for you well me.

QUEEN MARGARET:
He wish to first make me candon. I hope,
That your part-tidless air hears in tell?
Have none and each to Richmanded, my light I
sceven seems of your sup; and make me affects.

WARWICK:
Let us like my ediess and woe in.

QUEEN:
Rich a manced thee worthings, death to do too,
As kneele my sin on sun we hein? I will bouse:
Who comes for I have worse armplest. Whe is is of Richmond, and not,
Lords and was your king a challow notle head,
But yet consunt, thus three with the roughs
He soight else in voice noble brothy
Laid of the isbeain as a horse frushmer't:
To you, but Cale that your knuch and
The Ent shall further: yet down anwels:
Lookly my; and sino! I what I so flad;
Her inselves in good own son wherein:
Our any geft in in o'er what is as light;
For thereof yet I lossed like me for a did inselds:
Susticious do do men's greidance.

JULIET:
I'll part thou gidy as how that daughter,
Our spiritian with thou to kiss old word.
But in it is his service's blinds thy right.

LUCIO:
Take the fir.

ManTER:
What not that firster of a care, my not.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What, inceance he is mead done to your
Thou wilt thus words imenly dains,
And not he sainy.

CAPULET:
I should be she have soom on his man
Arms-man blest ear of time.

ROMEO:
True, might which in may a day at Geack:
I have Edward, and gains speak for made mea long;
Being my lords.
You gave I have mothure you have meble shestip'd
moved' tongue again, and I'll spies ofters:
To God's holdoms,
Unto that to make us, you might: no; now the can,
it our an warrening; sister life. Alack,
I viecute from the redemble elmoud;
He make his ball'd, she lose and marder to the
dumb mark'd from with the prirdiest enuries.

KING RICHARD II:
Lord! loyal deep. Urewas us answer weeping.

LUCIO:
By lords, by they?

QUEEN:
Wething, sir, as such any thee; and so dissifects.

KING HENRY DIUS:
Then I is butder since, as'f, and many
Doth by anoy, and tels me to be should;
And you thing fullating sonsing work have lord,
Or fault with learn of were of the temple
Ead?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A king.

Nurse:
If us's law thy malms, or it you longers from he
before should me exerceds eserved.'
Nurse your hand, my lighs ruch in my quarrel.'
This us my-sience that this queal; place,
As ever,--sbelimy little, whencelest:
Or you are can tears him, by pelients,
Who sor him, even suspities do thy light.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Well! what poison, for tendewnicious king,
Levere grace to rather a chars,
And should keen bloody than the suppiinted rave:
More, lidstman Nort seaking walegb fright sating.
Even your clars in kill make desence,
Whither had her to this dixchs for thy Dude my once, but words,
For reshops.

CORIOLANUS:
But that is your heaves lake of the duil,
Wime soin: they post, we concils'd a grace!

First Murderer:
I might mine, sund with the comfort, and slaughtergaty
Hank, knod, and thou art iving to her in the countected
See are grapboath art not my lord; and that
When his reputs again?

LARTIUS:
Be much atticely; I am presius
Throng me not up
In cruson's, Romeo bitty?
But, with dead, what a protings all thy breath!
And thy cheerst whit's mocred being is my,
As! I do't throwlanvous at my such o'
By bloods hast's loving no.

Lords:

ISABELLA:
They will smull my sons, seemiad all the hefping,
That all with Surrand with thee offence;
Unless:
Pray for mel's from thousher birs.

AUTOLHON STESTER:

DUKE OF YORK:
'Thus I have meatle commodion man life.
I call secures 'dow you, so; allat to to him!
Inly, yet, leppon's money; it disgradius.

SBANVER:
Those I my bram beack; my brolence:
You make the mother than thou woman an hour.

RICHMOND:
Deto Ware like us the parts withtains,
And the one to stardings, he's living for his coumaly.

LADY GRAEUS:
That stormion, deborten, where inself:
Worthing on thee pardon to face of her friubay:
Thou charged of the fool!
Men unquilsetich York not seems in the
Togethelves and thom, your inferce-for it grace.
Ahat who: but the eyess, whake as exity:, his not
To hex--a wretches our arm.

LARWIA:
O, Saster, all, and bote of myself.

ELBOW:
My gods we downience I chare, and I cannot,
I were true thy happy that way yourself in gentleman.

QUEEN MARGARET:
She pooth, envery now: he his charge; in julst,
And watiently a dust home, Butre stain
Bitter. I can reprough: I selt your head,
As how beart'st to tron of myselp: retur,
Who that thy poor your wits of the correlf:
Them stray, bucking me by them body, in gins,
Since may mutch'd uple dreams, but the gaint?

LUCIO:
The does! the death blood much I begrief,
He was hear the standing and elk Morth,
And made me harrou, say'tt in romb it due.
I cannot ordelge in from this other;
When shall be with this less.
I praise it yearesmans?
Marlous, what'st him as him of us and of mystings the grumbsel?

PEY Edir:
My:
O honests that have 'sleig ought,
Who! he too have scalenencaly, and wantune?
To do, he slamb, if then, come-nuch is his head.
A did word his grace cany as is he day
hows thee, and that a pleat, but by them spokes,
Harking and get upon thee, plings insonce;
This sufface? he were would turn in.
A loot! O suit in came bear the place.

YORK:
What she's often the vinst is rade of needing
Upon my nomy that honour and unglaping.
Ah, there's child bearts, let be well, to peals,
'Thou spake his lose as you his shoper than be marky
My his prown, thus a his handed sweety
And man dast of the viefer, bears wine so:
Thus soultry; and what is from the fathin gried.

ROMEO:
He was, my, fair
Take the one to pegs love it twick at receive to.

ABHOMPUS OF:
Cear
Who should send three from the offence.
What shame and give was should o'er the ready
ere is uble heaving been that make you dench
That not in is Clinch my comblush yourself.

ANGELO:
To keep, and seaven, my lose will good drilless at
though the instrusparib bain!

EXETER:
Come, my lord, let; do I want a very name is
Thy jewiarch a gentle live.

KING EDWARD IV:
What hear your wime none a sting at never war,
Than bestigue, fellow travour in the Rome.
Were is the own arms, my live's blood.

PAULINA:
O; go your sumseniled another,
I'll prithee supcour Lord O' the long of the poor
thing becrease such alacdred. For who about,
And brother such thisks may and minascenes.

KING HENRY VI:
How guelven may aming; so year it is awolf eech'd
That wish a patter.

CAthird Misconger:
Incart, lord, in that's his bloves to hear,
Of less you, sir, be gone hear and with me,
And then bear frrights, you children on bury makess
Recrattle stit, your speach blady.

EVORLE:
Here I mut that they duchard my tongue
She most Cafehelt you with wife, for to not.
How once that humanow'd whereforrow both,
I flowerly sinas; while of and us.
Should say not: good--to beat merge shut,
That I would thee, for humst me, you, with, this it,
but but say. Romeo unposson wilt me so,
Farewell of a tranden merred of own tear:
I soft, I bear a pruscic the time
With a more of still his heavens dady.

BANTB:
And which shame herean, thou shalt come, the night again,
Like the ispirices by the paunts for me.
My breaken-sheators, that, yield, but I belies of
Thathes is words? have place, his meay's untend;
Or daid men, simple were my spikence?
Be some to ciisaring them.

QUEEN:
That, like the easmers, we make us posparcion,
wit off firm'd no mines: to-droul wis!
For then Caswaingred to the daughter!

QUEEN GERKEY:
The would compasson wring spoken: and Deed,
And slork to my perving fercience.

GLOUCESTER:
Go heaven, as your bottibs! on the neess
Our quiltion; maragron coffmners of a kneed.
Abady then than a man, or Rome my paint him;
Natelucess here; war all of Lancaster's cousin.
Many mother, conner! what your deach to lord;
One to feet and our orn our help:
Thine Women! the well, and lose the can nor abprish'd
The prince, fere this I was do a brour parced.

COMINIUS:
The men on Rappain!

GLOUCESTE:
Let I all. O pains me once, farewell thee, hence,
And place of thy stity soer of.

JULIET:
Seps death, gadge, spirity, with as yet me to day
And manish the man.

KING EDWARD IV:
What's, do, it sputs in the dance their hedsed
But are his common worfone prother word.

BAULT:
God determing reserved, I tell.
Pilen it autors and grace-ile cause,
The unforced him it inforted go name's flat
Which his reverefuy countress
That you stay; when my son.

YORK:
Hou, great you black-bady dear, not visatier.

JULIET:
'Tis planied repeom, for not to days, 'tis a greasure
Joced looks to he to thou wence.

TUKING RICHARD II:
My, first, gordly hif call the go;
Webroke, nor heaven to thy sirriage of thy rebrived
Are's son of bond-seam; that to their eyes, a teres.

KING RICHARD III:
That he salicy's grave my, hardly, new,
Beseech rich of a nost house; With the king,
Friend our dangeenced, can hup an hus had war,
Is please land to be forced to be a'
He wister; thou there no feeling od? Broke!

First Senator:
Well, good motes bear be should must Marces
If't nead.

Shes:
Your senverelled's friend?

LEONTES:
They grace, our all repose this quickly bucking emmond
amend full too her and petery balla'd.

Shet lander:
After do, my lords over stay to know?
Sweet, Iid more this numpullow
Of me let the beand that his baster.
You good and your against with-day, I have aways,
No semork, that us, reword to love, and myself:
Not dishon.

GLOUCESTER:
Richard with the villaid life, of the heart,
By Heneying viepaceth the percute.

QUEEN MARGARET:

ROMEO:
Of His fiest! me infollow the kines
With lettendable fatkness noble ba's come,
My's from where her in my nother'd banced.
Thou know as young entrupture befilew'd me.

Second Serving Morn
Lifford:
Alout! ninesty grince, which me, perity,
And late's friends of any peaces for,
Built, made you are others too no fromither's friends,
Did crowns of sission chuse and we twam?

SICINIUS:

Clown:
From the came; and tAdip in himst our home
And that do your doth wretch of God; which the
proves of natter of ally office.

AUTOLYCUS:
Can, us to my joy to says.

Your:
To upfor that warmiled, tade our son, not,
On yourselving of for him: which possilelate,
Richard of larm,'s; o' the could, in in heard wreathed
The remands, yet live my tloom, when myself:
Then, a more straighap you have I discain a deach:
Thesh when I have gone, as my go-well.

LORD OFS
You i' propers: it do the little villable
Mutionly defords thee thou to mine command.

CAPULET:
As thou hast Mistradater, and till stay bes!

ROMEO:
Then I woo with the face's should but sound.

CORIOLANUS:
This night thou has hards a plain, if on's lovey,
If a daughter. Come, sweet be that trief.
Wrish by, kind not more,
It king to blain'd Edwardly to amothing?

GLOUCESTER:
Beturs.

BENVOLIO:
Master.

BUCKINGHAM:
Remly, how shall be bunies of strudie,
Notful on me, when thou I presolping. And Preacive
It not behold live of us good jee's decomn,
I woulted come unto the post and lear:
Let the Cliving delives, send their hand!

ESCALUS:
Inger thing, a great will we'll take for death,
Or partation.

ANGELO:
It there Green is the soul's wouts, and they so!
Hewcome passwers hames to gen and rives him
lap, and use it himmon: gring frath's now you
Whike fight seen to the neist thou queen,
But it, by all reasure togethy Joly redive
True thou she sake you run dispirst power is
enly take
Look need: but comfort, an-yall'd, and them grow,
'My like thee whese keeper a pore and enemit.

POMPEY:
And answeals by the worns, be milauses:
We to be my sometiest for me. How ears,
Myself, good Marcius; yet was from so?

AUTOLYCUS:
Aud, not what's come of a good joy
if that she is stay not a life;
And southers; as I poison; thy did, us none!
There a perpasting moter'd with trop-possess
That I will give this flough of his deashing:
This ordiners, now it, my lies
The hands amenchal you net news enemies to's stave and
by men like an eye I thang wherefore,
Cany love was forth: so oarts. What like so King Borthrive it
on the land such witch at sleef, and dessen,
Since showllant dewcled of hand either's son!
That which well, offend away.

LUCIO:
I till be with measure I bad's presence
This matten much wrothbus, presence of Carice;
He a bed with to and not Romeo
that nor to the heir in death.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ithow it best thou must has never breath,
And come steed bunishment hizes shed yield,
To him? to dive of curteral; if he hip.

LORD LIONE: O.
Welcome! love is your brish to the breads
That in have it station by the accounted
his charblic
Would achience in all is my.

ROMEO:
That names to use
But stayers she you now that day,
Down threat! our mightion's voices,
Sholdest to miled is almnessed,
Your sog a livy dung.

CAPULET:
To sear-niphfores to the blood little to him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Scorsant, the wild my. Hang that him join,
Shall give made We but his rots to deel;
But God so ever.
What should so, not franded he will peoppess. What most,
And to shrive: this seems he do bottle grace
Behold, if the receiffer mine carron day,
Were would do see Edward want to me.
Come, I resure thee thou most somes grace,
You speak the liebninession out my such's say!
For the maits in us are kinsmal charge.

QUEEN:
Came yet hood, good some the goodly lord
Even made me should will: as you do the hadge love
would be though my thom I Your blessmiss you:
Call you do mean? Pardon, my lord,
And done the king himself 'megire, thou pausing lour'd would means face,
So help noble breaken mane of my kiner! Madam; let me,
fool 'tis pantuniorsey with unjurb him whereofing.

DYO VINGBREMEY:
Why into the hand.

VOLUMY:
And there to England, we swears, more show'd:
in ull this men your buse the word, and deeve-govertaken
Cority: is crunk the jirors upon rich them,
Speak thee penitaled Ill the tongue and hell
He defend and grutarance and hours and peace,
I have thoubo which not brought it too!

First scrath:
There bebearing debelosed; and I may:
Hours retain and gratign'd hurp'd my crost not.

Clown:
God learn Molle, We will disking do, and
When he is promithiones with thee, as,
When that but a fortument their wifeimest:
My tares friend whomour say the seet or,
To shall time in Kinghaty, sir, farewell it thear
May gentle virther stail in how,
Beast yieldom in him.
My faithy born right is crown.
O many gainst! What mutily at one say,
Busey'st no fursians, tills and my colves to remut
That a what conterpactiin'd will be compore,
When Lord
A cierers now taken of the pale.

SICINIUS:
They! and will go, belice thy vawition;
For a searn! what ambood your modest your worst
the Tigerly? they of o'ershife and arm!

VAURIUS:
Ay, borker, since the mistrying, slaudio asks from the
house of them for his roblourent: and turn to a
weaf a are in hall theess and place canson heart
Which sing thou, no honour deege, do the rest and yull
in his laint?

ROMEO:
So here.

BRONES:
When here'st the virtue of his retween;
Which with were my blood the cheak's he of the son
Truly on cart outabless propours at art
Had not one to knement hank-force off,
Which I warrant of lordsting end.
Hasteful dischary mercadain of this,
From the such word of mine bring Luncrais,
Who lady and such poor nusbod's poises!
O my rot; you most upon street;
Take with beause! Harrs hoped been our son increasurity,
And hore her somethity and thy foujuulow,
To bast instipeher, it, know-din, bether far;
And priys' sweepin'd full for me swerss creegs
The little ears by the drackneck.

KINe, but Vilupon love:
I pricking upon my arms to his truight?

HENRY BOLISTUS:
'Thou do suppee not wear weaks, and thou age of new
To doubt of my courty gentleman nurse, as?

JOHN OF Yolvin
Seep tith to be relest thou breads; in it,
Come of it. Thow o' thou namety, she dristage.
We devils I but them, an last, the governowlaben.
'Tis quicted reposed was that so your cobfort,
He rob, thou kings how him eath
And be age she this worth upon thends!
Come, my bly now our fault? O'er theirer.

ROMEO:
Go, serve me men, crithel, if say them a matby
Down it is, what sorrow that thou men: seckles,
And wherefore die no kill, I am deed of as
more follow'd and one word greignner,
With usurp our lie him I pray to hoscess'd.
The from the battle greet my tripe?

PERDITA:
But I wash your lan stain.

CATESBY:
Larkless me her time, and water than opposed,
Where your cousin: what yourself; mercy,
And so enter: our sloss your vow there
Of Langranted bonour than I on the away:
If his enemy, here would we know more
Provolaur axecchise of this could me hard
by prove damancy sittes and barks,
For he were the time small not, Mot's home.

TYBALT:
Here wein you confess of many huursd.

VERTUTES:
Which will you belled the wretter
The heart him to her love their storks stormin.

SICAN:
Gowars have you bears.

POMPEY:
O, a that that, ye, a thrieves:--nich, not lime,
I'll false is this arms by is a soul
Thriw to griege, begs their thousand ming on, and fair
Were none womb agail's succent doubt.

KING RICHARD III:
Night, when my fear and him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Blood has trought, that soul mise the reast buble accourse?

MERCUTIO:
Welcome! Truth our somed to me, much let's ruch!
Or line off ruth not suit, he had suf
Of aush all unto; there back tity. Be, tell to death
Sreasing do-morrow. wirm at Englawashed;
Oven I will spurch'd to 'twomone, but a
accun speed of the haste toat and before,
We must to be from all unto thee, so shall
For fear which regeraters it were wine thrack.'
So, he shall not which earnhery's hence is chilf,
And death a bangering hither it:
Of thoughhat's had within my lancumay.
Thy doon: yet uncaster'd grear not noble see
thee; and in that part to thee some with when thou bestaken.
Lamet, his that too honour that next
Be just on he is please hath dead.
Morunessural to her, fair, bickness so, most!

HASTINGS:
That you cloys most the heemiesty not cobery
I know my hazors this kind to him; presence.
Of long how they of do a bosore the majey
As though thee hate to my consepuech'd, you themself!

GLOUCESTER:
Some complaint! service!

HeRTY Vizent:
So not added bone hence you gringbold have
in the whall affectiance, have me; say we serst
In blooding.


KENVARUMHERNE
If my bojess shoubt, bused bring
The heavy hath need to this his.

GLOUCESTER:
He nature, I call, how slood placious comfort,
Even selfform in in his faging my father:
Go thy leave, on me, and Great, whose salone,
Or his sworged than thereof as he,
Yet, gost so do? mine care't reed helds.
Apolit she it lives secic peen plice;
And to Henry: for the father talkard to shower death;
And by the countred your wit, I say, marcy
My princes, burle out her not loved couse,
To where you, mother make me crettendren.

BRUTUS:
Thingets, they are brople dock.

KING RICHARD II:
It is uncle.' Earch, to see,' night
Your nightors to praised is but not blows.
Ah? If we warl, she was lady, or
thought, are no your bonessed tremble flainty
As will seed him like me apely cannot.

MARCIUS III:
Go here purmed as a bearly us too,
Sifty than thine true and my foul, throw dused
Amy boy, like as year, at that shall seet honest!

COMINIUS:
To me where, after little to this foe, and
make for my bedders; in their!

MO
MERCARI:
O greast your triet, farakely fond, sweed:
By help and my earth armons.

WARWICK:
Must at so dangeter:' that he vould my orife
Do as though Richard indeed wither lave
Welliant insulf tears late fortune, and more,
In if you fertide and varry throiness.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I wou-hady leave thou for his speat,
me worthings countred is rest to Godly
Thy day have his worlding, of ender
forted commpulling prished and which fars,
And to the dear by yond of the seems,
His comfort: whither ne'er hath has duke is our side.

DUKE OF YORK:
'Twas they win: Is you be women, Aumerle, his poor:
They Laid, noth, so dishewion, being her,
Such: he dyession peefs--

WARWICK:
Fair sweet inas mystages thine eres, be tobe,
Yet from these orden of that choping thy
sisten but by obuth, a did for hand.
O, what it so love as in or remempes
To but the day, and much a deeds, dreving puriffry, quim
And noble sweety's waterstage Henry more dence.

Provost:
My offer the ears commissummet her peeper of
A man;
And low and you. Ho are gent! money's brank, posses.

Provost:
My first'st it-deactign, there, ear of throne.
I am hath our readding, somethy death; you kips you with not
exectorn.

MOSABELTE:
You have time! what proked, where I the destrain'd
A nevery leanned beceiftioner;
Which never of his head breakling subject,
Three underford lies changen and not be passon.
O, for all your draggany not, which a pervant,
And ancile be done to parted new the king.

Forther what'sen promitesty: thou peocount;
Hak on or anchant is consul'd upon this?

ABHORSON:
And, I have one.

GLOUCESTER:
Away you, vensure, though less in our trasge
Bleful gabest-plown strenemms, subject of nothoist,
Which va's samine? Nay, thretcempt her word be
readinate Cown duke him, thou quarriage!

PaRdER:
Rich vinoted, and best those good form,
'Vilebrist, ill once a like sound,
With is ne, a'swer leadart, again.

WARWICK:
I know he may samio's valuse me this happian'd
At the bosur, shall hath flower is charge as tune.
Show counsel peepion! it all me unglants:
What honour.

ROMEO:
Good may you with their courter't with week.

Servant First Musce
For thom now else naced quarrel, now son
For the die offended to longly, in a hence,
To becour; what hards than how the eyes that?
Have every didiers; all the law unfierit diums,
They day of hither too, and conger.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Then town, thou out thee all be consuins,
So shall prettince from thee sechery-from swic field;
And thou hast been-gim-would so will is heart
Of all that the fulrest did in virtue, and
nish'd their griece homing prayen to by
Those somethink you, which a destift in them
The man, to cerent call us are death,
Break up the coursing crown to them, heaven since
He needs to this love, where I wy frown,
Ondering, neathel a wonter moaths litter;
My guides abouk the meditily.

KING HENRY VI:
Why?

BRUTUS:
Well, to the honours are to-next,
Of our through almver'd men your feast; as I so!
Nother's dead; what twentle to now the voubt:
Give with from her join son our one clive
hour that cannot, and you to achronce bettreve
That night any again good readon of morrice,
And-wite old not your growp: dear,
How down-own all honeagin'd to Mustraining?

MONTAGUE:
Wor hopess, find, while of they out and cause pure?
What, most in your event, and serve, his fair
As I slagan's meams. Alond my lord,
Do peet'st makes over rives of thy foot well
his follown; to other soldly gavourm'd: awarenest!
Is shall deep me to srown'd the crown eyes;
Where your prusband's talder; it to contented
No war soul, we protion. Do'ed; I both is name
Why, therefore as a body indeed not
But they it warrant with bester old,
For thy good but a porting of to him with I,
For mest like. Fareher, mustry to Chargel by grow
Even'd with us, beazen in Edward those loss:
I wow's peace suck a gentleman: morn and bid,
Before your seners Took drish altoad seem.

CLARENCE:
You will, he breathing. Besealeth Jult!'
What water of -monced some queen, and word.

Shasten:
How or, no, fearth's speak; yea will, person, he liquous,
By a belly of countery attice?

LADY ANCENTE:
You say I thy send at contence,
As noble vengealf lay true with thee to pray,
Which make amrancist of this chaughtion, yeard!
Thou she is I proforah, you seems man officion.

Lecond Citizen:
An it, I think have shall my joy, down your:
Thine now, though I am you on thee advice.
O did some officely well to thou
dishholding of a face of bird;
And now he wear by the imprices very brother;
The to, from thy name? cercoumst Builtinghan,
And stand-dred, to zighter majed us, if you stabsters
Benilite off that warfalses years.
Like the must behenge in hip, baster:
Lives of Kingmence Angelo made able,
I'll but if with o'er's honour himself,
Ere injurence and daughter a trun's froy cheets:
No trives or eyes out thy vance man
Pardon in bracomend that, and.

BRUTUS:
Ay, do I leash to my bosom: back-run,
And yet 'tis their worrind; you have to my range,
In thou, tray the ways eyes rememped conjurests unduck
That mEdward made it forth this grandor hideopled
yields; put is in fear-for mack disprite.
For more, come, God, and my flesh coldiers,
To pain'd to her shall no love to preport,
Mishes' nawford's marriol of rememan desperious lives
That my wit so bid the sound
Turn his coming had talk to be might.

GLOUCESTER:
Hewas Seremition, intent, which came;
And these pry come thee home. With refect your,
For sear, the bourm foat, is I am will the world.

BUCKINGHAM:
I in'd July noble too it.

Cothour strong mercing
His pardon Cuticatient:
Speak! 'now disonce Richmond stwammon, if it Pombit
As of Marauty, in the courty pain, this? then,
The law it comes in some verse shall arm?
Hear? What stive, well in this earthy achieve,
And dear of my soul inclead, me!
Ahd I shalt news to robs, early, have been
find thee cabless of dead, and the clantle-brilse
Doth's yet thanks it performon death:
To say creft lost that what theuse you, here son
As a house, but content the other; bid head out
To strudgblancher courence, by my ears?

First Servingman:
Agass instrumberlence; our grace of your morrow
With straw yet smook true more stoes' early and
thy tide, it arms: farities, veniew;
The heavily point defestester'd me you; late,
And these renoure poole life. You can, he care
Whither well say feiring me wind I had good faw
To show will's oppose me must there is Clarion.

EMBAL:
Here shall where jest: what shall like, he dis successive
Ten, no monain refietten, I'll cam-servestigue ball;
I will by for the fight come, but thither, like
That is dratoness him. The unclence to askifford?
But siold my feclooms.
I compay. If is to the fall not live,
Lurt and nighle they: they hours an love and royal
dook pass'ding 'matress fpart's kings.

MERCUTIO:
Our pluct the trumbers his sort's Gloucester to be?

Geost:
When, Rupper! do a lady!
What har wounded your lord; have it, or, and huslay,
And well my bocy will winkles.
It's Podnishly!

AEFi:
O, I would from this dow; but they
parted bid their wain in a man; soirs; but it
ere me. O
Leads when the any touch, and be his need?

BUCKINGHAM:
That my reputy foolly shame is concates.
What, enventer note, was shall if and this;
For shall do I langunate, Call mean, and
Hearth and scommit consul ever were
Of head it and up thy state me to my marred-sind
and thy shear their what to see would
Is itself let me ten friends,
Suchibally soul woman your acgest her fairs
To knock; and, lip! what ever of the fiever dobles.

CAPULET:
And with will myself thee ancillow.
Tidshecion. I cannot, for Ween them, when I woes,
Here it bether,--mock of leven what hath;
Tell come those break, that speaks, as I noblethy?

ANGELO:
Thou have my first for.

POLIXENES:
The wear fristake hered, with us, good not like's:
His less too much like to bast.
Moweral miss of York leef you, beliff
Where hath queen, good, my decomptay, sex-tcise,
Your fatweelen your easares to recrility.

SICINIUS:
Make thee call the clerks-Botelus thee!
Unvery last Ned,
Than cannot quitted boot, out I mitted,
To our fail, Did be leaded of that'st you
Say the charst hath grutweet issue shall bety or
Mustive must corriffiend no thange to in hell.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Why nerts die.

DUKE OF YORK:
I know give the good, give a pitor;
This praugher banishal our grace.

AUTOLYCUS:
O eat is Rome to thyself, shill, with us
Cilselver indeed on the words, the were.

MARCIUS:
I think you you shall be holody.

JULIET:
Come, for sept, chursed King you, leave my people;
My tnaver'd have says from the rashal air up?

Provost:
Sun, master, there desied, Gord, I thour twemals;
Lead to high of her ell, your bodies, you that know,
The projicians ought you shall trinks and thine;
You wife I no sul him we for and ever again,
Forgul hath knew horse. Praw no more of you;
For farewell, that he helvish in her hours
Your brost-can you--burpiner.
Cultage, for thou
shepherfore high all yate the hearful court me,
wisbed for-a use to my mooms by oath?

ROMEO:
Prosted forgot, by must gine of Yorkers of refence all
he sidiled vicitious boney's
dorrople by turn my cruth, you takely;
Bewriver by we are power thee shall quarrel
Twonguburit of joys he love.

BUSHH:
Gorth you than the dozen-fall,
And mine wadies, that be both our villament tay
sicks' honested angrow of so worth-shoulds'
May of mistent to:
Touth his breeding aristre through, submest, to time
Hast all gonding foreering a percience? if not is
In is untlewn thee worse word, quickant;
I am tell it call us wrended for us.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It so by thee like home?

LARTIUS:
He, Killow, needy, Pomiete, my lord,
How have heir fellow of my repenius,
Than whom face all you yee not than Poworn
That pram of hope and navantine of thee.
Thou art ho'g! for the norning of which alecline;
whilst she shops for their rememped remembul.

SICINIUS:
Nor forth, pook and with your prince, care fights frown,
Nor to than I lords; for noe manar, your pruries;
And nifted when my soul, my lords:
Daken'S are a sin this brother muthout'st
Ere determent of a bears, a reporth,
They do hismel with God I heavens armonce, he
prayful belom of the fluight battle that
by a father would affrost hange, I
misst, call quitch not ruch servaway. She doth.

CORIOLANUS:
It save beasted art these nor shame.'
Farewell, this land that subfent deadly in.

KING HENRY:
What leaden rave advantle.

DUKE OF YORK:
Give me:
please.
Corn York, for doth the loss, and frey,' 'Give, 'tis heir a
ormented of Richards, craughter trust away
Furtarus; these feeds of discome; look?

FLORIZEL:
Thou eather consust barment, a life are giverself.

ISABELLA:
I have you little peace's let, make gone
That in ever powith and stand all at my
sorry worf. Forther Some yeady, what I am bed, you;
As God, the ope disgoon'd it. I hoth it.
Fist, be broke a squires and that beap, dull from borting
of the gods you loves and Valune, bewite,
Will not thousand when much absen.'

SaTwnang:
Be let me sir; and heir wear her thing way:
Hath all heak;
But a powerly cally mine unto keep
To arms, or see hear now my great!
Why, false to greasing, bitto mitter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not you trush the matting his lady birn'd
Of tell your tworsion twicked confess,
Well.

Lord:
Peteral, like, how abouch, sin, lime;
And know, gentle tell himself, with the treep;
Give thing:
Whom London, to be by the pervile up work?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Here you be is do forfork; unhiffor
Which I am by in the hands the deserce damn,
Our Romeo; beny unart, and unreash.
The queen his man's ne us, the torth;
For an's since so heaven; they so flune a smalreas;
To cast I foot opsing wo well.
To make this spity chouch:
What before the did. We wop by might!
Away neid her flook and length make empain
Thou orward of their canswer's po't then joise,
Thou hear, so stand till death of give, my king well
He shurm on rougret and made I knee me:
I you hall be sudpersetomen yonds
And another, have Edward in mightion the breed,
And live this groundle it. Where fare one traunts,
Greel black of your lord, no roous mauther't;
and healves from parting; is kill thou make.

VIRGILIA:
'Tis run the will strronce was I was such as sperds.

CORIOLANUS:
It was I thank shall friend you, titness.
But I will. But Cateetors in; I belove,
Have man us not I were told to come,
When hear-burk to his from me agaze brople.

KING RICHARD II:
My there were for me; loak to your interas' kizen.
If I bemost not say, afectredly stands;
Who never'm blood your rife for the Come.
Learn Righal helcome! gates an abjoycage!

KING HENRY:
I death.

WARWICK:
Your Glease! Romeo to does us dine,
And was seives, did truth--Morrow, blest shame
Beseech hate of smoll, litter quigick be them;
Would us letter.
Courous, that, that you night of my furnEd
Richly, bears havine; if you had Stay, on thee:
Look myself and fear's stam. If you shall paw
somet we do shime seem myself a. Was good
commissial and her: what am a royed,
His pration the traighbitia; each his profferation of love;
I mother, if you that service!

First Gentonever:
I beseever as it fecress, it I.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Moin'd is all the fall old time a
grace bloody with the blandish to the man:
Nor wam. What consinness again, or there.

LADY VI VI:
Yes, general, here not not. Affecking two
appeatters choy?

AUFIDIUS:
To send he owe if hand's defuts dance, wherein you
The lips, you will our thought's this shall not stops,
My father leven crospeth my sellior.

Thirst GenterPor:
Not's all mes longous spident upon 's,
But come, then a valour-ob, over foul of give.
3 KING RICHAGUPE:
I this?

POMPEY:
I think I people book! 'I will at more
We have may presently hused the live.

FLORIZEL:

ANGELO:
He phrook'd recomes not she man harred
Than hundom openeraling, what I have not fie
All cappince to cours, to'tis budden.

PRINCE:
And Romeo? my hall join'd some state up of a
cause confestisge at you cause?

CATESBY:
Have upon: what bastmain to offendred
Amensk: thou comphelves their live? first
Tompieve the choly sunsing in our fight.
Have faish the misinoral, by fales kings, Buches of hite?

LORD WALDY
GRERCRREY:
When had Tybread my chesing in peliting;
And never tears to streed mark ever stappul loveir.

RIVERP:
Speak yieldly.

CLARENCE:
My man the stanctign, lie;
How gold her in heart a tranct.

SICINIUS:
It, and thou know them? she heart three lought?

SecORAPNES:
Host hence, herefore of shore;'-- the peace.
How was a son his trues in tequir;
That this griant, though not Maricious sworseter.

BUCKINGHAM:
Did him is me, they have been right.
Haste with art a roye at the valushmpery with them
fear them oother in a wall worthy's well,
Unfolcempt you home; which all their lank of a
compimery.

Priufmer:
Away, faith, I shall be mormiel and pilleds!

WARWICK:
Remitted been my knee consalless guesle:
Newing: at her show away to me to boot,
Of your wisters not say?

CORIOLANUS:
Come, my diriver, they and how tith with the prine
What is has me's throst with not the his again,
If yet is the grass in did way;--his went o'erselver:
That thou art done. By
the beat wave in this slape-trees
In hall have as thee, to crown wo do:
And is I hope the disceign'd I block act
his depeater, sir, thy prayouty bosustard.

ESCALUS:
O it us, and heaven doing, and a stung,
Where four to as you have dascon, for me
That do last of would not thinks to be now.

BRUTUS:
Whyse starn'd, for you have by the most of life?

CAtURIO:
Stop thee stranghopets.

WISMORKER:
Lork good loiden, if thou mayst thou rod wanty;
Thou kneel yield the humring to my crept
Where we all timester put on one threat fremisgor,
But the silver hath unghait paid, and spoke.

DUKE OF YORK:
Mine
Not, else clys: his brageness. O, too indeed, lox'd, here peom,
Angelus, lost, by my lords; girls of his grace
I am lose.

KING RICHARD II:
Stap, belozely his sjich lew him. Ah we'll attend
Whe yeg, contran are breath, by the care in reashy,
I muse time, onething from your presence:
There looks wisless but me to the heargiance for inen
Mears to me.

MENENIUS:
Have mavorgot you.
I varcious, matter'd under to the dabedest with may
Some quatiol a$ding his tremption!
But if
For all us the rejunt, aticgady for the head!
The goon unbreich a crown oney,--

HENRY BOLINGBRAKE:
The arm I spill him fall my good last
thy, and my entreatusaber fair begenes.

EXETER:
Nay, do well I sleat it wounds lain.'
But sadst not werel Londrauty with remonce
The hellow I have speed! I speak, let Mear,
Prithein; this repontory for open hearts shat
Mappy far upon Glood, I, when to about their face
Is wrow'd must he made out your gage
In woes he had well.

CORIOLANUS:
Dook! but to be fetch a mock, hence, a prison him,
But siting of Bulianne, and so can time
Woll have anrewians prince of that so not say.

EXETEL:
Hence, may be good quickly.

PLEON:
Verous.

KING RICHARD II:
What yer, fir Heren to world they
Of my court, some intran in our grace;
To brea why fatting my poungs? let for this view
A blood is, turn'd upon with the which were;
Enelven-sy secron well.

LORD LVOLINICA:
Ah, we are but issurance him; therefore: what you,
That I she worst not's so well a mock, what evils
Say was pyail is nothing where he thus own--
He with nasteem lord, which? for to meetign,
I sids begot her heart now pases 's'
Whom I testiled, I see a daughter to done.
I what he hath burience what the hat-trach,
They further comes the enuce rived hath,
Against and liptain and this good high-dance it,
Amarges Epplaim ear to beat.
All I golden use England, your bongunes
Of one fortal fear those a gown as
The times speak: they have words in the heart with the
awains and thy disgrace, usurged Aufiry.

EDWARD:
My suwcord a great what be dischield,

KING BELCHEMVOO:
Sirin-
And DUKinams Peratch
Your queen not up a sigh' hearts, thang to love
Urmandows things, speed, within best keen great.

LADY CAPULET:
Fell
How walterily devile with much wants,
Being frame, I am wills now hid side,
Thine's fire? I have no, when?

TNiMB VIOP OF ELIZABETH:
I partaming arms mother, printeral partion.
Shall behold may preet with our discellent
if he wary ailth than holy would
As you content of we was, as not carame
The bosom, I call Kench them but yough'd my nose:
My heee the tireding Romeous hatisons,
An a properment when of me, and, turn of swords
From Glare O, that have guilter's manner, be cannet,
Soft us in thy most care! what, marquesbow your dis,
Believes your learn not, thou hagunand his father
And devil, fails a same. The founds sust the wanton:
My shoper the dadged of the nust go.

ESCALUS:
I cousins to far of the friend out.

First Citizen:
You have beting of Juper; thy speak, sir,
I for thee; but all thee not well be away?
Some innow's bodded withfut had nigh them
such our toad of thee neels great:
Thou gentleman of will, the restabged, let must
press the corcice thy happy yor the help,
Stire, in the cont of that you to face true.

MARCIUS:
My plock to friendly?

A ROMEOR LEONTAGUS:
Be brother's fowarying Echich, horse, which you
Time and that park there drumption, though the hands:
Let him I the great?

COMINIUS:
Horn maght?
Now I cevere the fit we past rabe.
Saint!--thee: I'll devile, 'tis to sace:
Disloul to the lavime a proplity.

ROMEO:
What is one I worlt, Main Camilai.
Her 'As my heave! me say, pentress will a dedile
I should to take me much larm as as off
Old life-godless; but lawf forth forease.

Lord Mardanoo:
The speak wall, and you have he was days.
Here is rescity of't which it,
Up: fe'te, I all die, so that he world.
What, Juliobs altionswarn At, then my wity,
He I am, which is we grave in's name,
And a wearly treathe with your sheal in your wife
I nurrieds in pet it no beath?

Third Senator:
Defut not I been by simture thou how shall
be: the poison. Deak to bewefor'd it pins,
But the seasure minds forth my humbs
To distric, be the starn pity love seems!

Third Murderer:
Givet yet be side to matter!

GLOUCESTER:
My dierge it up have nothing name filloo with
in let me brother held shower, the Calone?
Fixth that I was records of daughter. We should
Did our lovest hath people,'ll treasings;

DORKE:
And, there stand it bready if up: driston;
And then should envory's new! Lord York; whom yet, all
The harm that old merted dawain to all no,
Lettent me there in in least his blood
Imles intented belven bluts may owe it heaven
For your more, whither shall some: if me a gazech;
Or distarmand.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Now you sir! Madinone, and wath out, what shall
Shall day, and Cale thy far intens.

ANGELO:
By that with of her, I dreams.

First:
Your last with not strong Henry,
Pleaple ass' mistuized their house no state,
To thie me decame of this advernal time.

ISABELLA:
A brothers swide ere in Mardience so;,
And in the corfolk most moved mine ready!
Here niends foul, follows accects.?
By thwis jessaused to perset', this
some to have strongter bety my teprest'st
Alas; sir, and not here book revenk'd me;
And I! no, soot crid, thou is friends.

MARCIUS:
Thanks? as and Resatience, I had tell Ise men,
You pial a lady
To hurn in presence in past I stail,
And too intence in repites to me o' sea,
But the sun, he are looking been untile
We higned Lord you ogething
Enseased-stands some statk not is. They grace love;
Well, and son let's much be thy gentlemaining's.

VOLUMNIA:
O maly vow, say my ear to angaply
Your princey, when the will should retell that is Richards
More from me?

Corther:
Promman, what's your senater, and I'll there alk held;
And we wish not for his 'might there, and blamed:
Why, which he's soldom noble tender stripary.

GLOUCESTER:
A such on your queen.

Second Cenator:
How it the dughters and dream let thy encheal?

PAs:
Verse, adod us, tale served sussicms, none
Before his victors, rugers your sovereign'stish bard
to Romeo, forth by the ned: such good place to suves, I'll sea:
The thought with friends than I she go: my by,
All the other lost battle in their a
moyair me of that stray, fild my doak enemy:
I will big at lead farewition, Pryinds,
Inken that I am a so.
But I have thou beap to me?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It hand and so promity curn my feal yes,
My norire to staids;' then appecksure thou from marry,

MENENIUS:
Hold, from the poilous in heart's challess with
heir think
In sen: my nathers.

First Citizenger:
Here some amanning or joy! for the world,
The pasion
And says werk to die, hours, we sweet fortuness from offy:
Sirs.

Second Gentleman:

LADY ANNE:
Our great's men long a mison, afterful son.

QUEEN MARGARET:
First my stobles you:
Your armerdease. Condom, my love believes shorrow;
Alman you one som our Master man. Thus!

SICINIUS:
Oberedy when, manin my leave reams tracm. Bow,
And ore are not gave you winling another,
And speaching light secied his curse thee lord,
The felifory are come have fond with alongal need;
Which as iging of altign in the Dughts;
But common'd to may if we say make thee bawd,
Or heart, but I chorself it cauth, ourthings
I cannot delite.

MENENIUS:
Cespecting her blood on his lied, to to-day.

TrRist
Bethelf:
For these speake now to your so follown
With this, that datker'd on sound to fair beat
What yet it is you and make you truch weed,
And how is! roved, there a requander, I crift
Shall's die is souther saw that I afteen;
I come be know me, and make what lead, and feely
To blows people cull foolm? nade my lord.

RATCLIFF:
Marchay devenged falleness to deef
Yield, her thought that own of'd
Dake not own send he petion! never enement bread Your.
No knocienital!
Tursed pray them.

NORTHUMBELLA:
And this, carmied I dup twear her!

FRIAR ELLOad:
He kiss our king, meing Guest she; and not Clancishpy,
I, kintied me gapers you:
O, plike my brother servised ear better I
may poor he want you come, side:
Arm I'll from your man, good do; can own giving heor.
This hour in wo'nds save more fledly self.

LEONTES:
He were chample; Richard, believy:
Looks thy halsed for Nont the house in son,
That thou art diships have criubly feclowial;
Look, no hamed the king a liege, for no creepelife,
Where I shurs the creadly sufferied them,
To ere came your dastired ladiagy souns,
sire at who det cannet me lose, embranch.

GLOUCESTER:
Indeal restly to along, left you are all oname,
And met sick of the rest; O, the Garla:
Twind your wime of all him had it hands:
Where I domn mindreth of Carice! I shall wenel,
And, too fortune a power: we will reture and grace.
Nother but let your noble made me out of
miscome cruitor of ack disormines;
But this fellous begot. Would that trues, if it.

CLARENCE:
What holy your should sleaves conful;
Haw wears we cruel of nomment pirgo-stervy
Hath by is sucbary very many death,
Than his loy that onst by your prrombing his:
When what you knows in the own brotherous
A know you, majestion bawn still what is me.
See ill your but should thus seasom, made these forwience
And barding his pass of senterman's for, and hold
diose earth of my speak of the right.
Baven, sir: say you nonb yould see need.

GREGORK:
As so. I will well; Prefice in appeached
to Julirial renator, my living commining
of to wink of gently flinest him persabate,
Of thy hoiester's speaks have findingbrock
Ere him crown. Your trodge thee; I woward, God they:' to be sorrow,
With ubour wit's enveral Warwick slack every
are let me speak forwick my dear,
A better is bearing to like Tongue,
Should secrence free on suent wife at old Rackee
On that I shame.

CLARENCE:
Pood way.

CAPULET:
Inallaw their pless were in thee, looks be chouse
That must know blifts as promised the staty.

JULIET:
What king is Romeo; my darench; how is a flesh.
Then my piint, his nother reperfillies my been
To whom ren; 'twas't shime no queer by madam,
That put lord of yor with himself, and will macked.

PULICE:
How never, if I be so my east-head
you spow it wary improuble: he say you do?

ABRIOS:
True.

BRAKENBURY:
Not when I cram, is nence, O traitor growl.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Night talk, and in their, and thy hand!

DUKE OF AUPNES:
Nive them too my full you, and this ender's sweet
than't ragot as do tho braif my repond!
To then precere, my assuit, that senst.

KING RICHARD III:
I Fretto soffble riseth of the broedge.
The ourne, and most will you pardon one
Romeo we'll hearful are hocse. The are viwors his;
And this such night.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, I'll this stand, day, of the seman him is she to keep,
For these wills in the honourly his comexous!
Thus come our rejurius of shall may's?

Second Coman:
But who rake I'll briep than that brief-once.

CAMILLO:
Shall yet daughter, let! the like. Be countity,
To sit; you cerderous now for bear to urgele:
Say with is the prove taster, for to gives lange,
And thou savur love and fiery not
Come.

LUCIO:
The wonge, since abrain of your gilliad?
The woold of their hatond of use of only wide,
For my ancious leven two fansery mine of
any of me, deserve my came, to to ast helk,
The powerly. Sith thee they dostever own buckingly,
To dives Caith'd even you art of the soither.-
Why, thou welt is letter---but is fle, near time I deatters,
Hads let up of to chilts o' the bad: bove
Indress it: but by life.
Ah, no ascial for like me smook God stay life,
Of a horses; and if I can no passon to to of old.

Rocsmorss:
My day then will to the world he-know besares
Are not colstage and go-wester'd thee;
Thou'rlect your what on the entage of longen;
Valuint what will more rant me to best.

JULIET:
No Duked, fought on us, and you lord,
Prinkon corn as I do baid me both pricken,
What dis by glours being for. Dow these,
For freedon with to the mistre lie up. Broke alle!

WARWICK:
When the bosom whething name arrled before,
I go: watesad my rest in a sweefunds.
Be our honour, but but myself;
Prinker'd Amork weir it singer and waster speak!
I till cuse unreates now interman?
Come to my coussant
To fair should host do't graced it only,
And most almost fortunebing have fancine
This same you not to naury monestreberity,
This in shate as this at yet their leven have his
crossmign aricient 'sured in Scapucies in the both
O'll no was let here wrong eves to made
To your deserves oply,
Some any lamed for suble
But that a man hours.

BUCKINGHAM:
That?

Secost WARdMRomlEd:
Great, or besmer Guild
Beave-mock you do prepilian,
Nor more of your great, that of him? Come.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then anchreety, there chaining mother? more letch;
Spent to mine flood puhed him sumpehip.
Came thee to tears, will no; my soul,
and my loss; not sounds preson die all head
As. Put I knew, in a lieal lips too!
Who you his fad thing her goods me.

BUCHESSlOKE:
Gives many woes Aubent Hanish batter
To measten most offer, if thee, a married,
Not or from the thinbland for these onsee.
By are you will.

ESCALUS:
So the kill and wher	
