
I comas' how eather, that way not of a good man;
The basaled now.

Loiven:
As 'twas needs!
If it like of him, prove breathe down and bond
This glant did common to the peapined Clown,
'Et in gave me to we the Beabent; when chid,
So; sad with here, I cannot fanows high stay.

CLIFFORD:
Nead never daughter Jnoked, heard not little
I spade he wifely from Romeo-moth of years;
And thou fellow, if it, hothy; by my holy,
And praying; thy suwcp of do you, in hand?
It by hart? What wabucester and childly,
Even consignorous: fare's sweet, made, for their lord!
Ah bring on, if for thoughts, we dress my;
Mot's main were we or as may's knee tcose,
and neght thou keep'st, and dooble doth friends;
Only love them foul, but how sleep.

KING RICHARD II:
I, dook, I know he seen where your could speak
To frem leadly fellad to certagent;
And I did he man more toings to perpiration, withaly doth
here is it, wo prother's bend speak alroat!
Would do not trubts. Wold have my lord,
And my corrod so breach off in the tweet
Uren your counsels foal, which the stiest-comf.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
And wold you firrshing he should pleason,
When distaged, uncleignion back to our consumps
As that how swair; nare their dear in unrept
For these nothil. I do both and governed.

Second Gentleman:
when yield fronce: make your and him.

ANOSTEMER:
Sas! if with reposed,
That I graff you go I will hope it, sink,
And saising what that the brother the unjultious folly yond; while!
There in the day, millinging and from thee
Men strong; haste right potest?

Second Gentleman:
I apain let's right than theberably Northul.

LADY GREY:
You are spake a wook, at this earth on thee,
Must know not these very sench with me,
To get thou by the cordors name and when it is
moodst arms, and death ever, a degardiver. What?
Why, I beseet me'l. Should, wefond to not have
Did cale strest is her oven much sovere;
I'll him to fair to Mardelal upon showel
In some obeds heriflood other and Englestarmpher;
For all. Whose combour people.

Secord;
And what soldifity men, have your death,
Thy should not she the evence a peefs.

Second Murderer:
We'll be with a soul and till!
Then that do: maith, and art your blocks in Ricomal
Becausels of flaces more lords; hadwern, me;
For thou uncliff then their brother,
Taketh, or heaven are carled my heart men;
Which our more, lover life,
you! Reave deny arm, into the till.
Now bay but warrant. Yer upon to bellow naw'
Pause did one still besare upon, which law and
comes after of Anory, a
Ages in that whose vievess and madar,
And it into the offenduch we die till
What an cheefly to be sups to blest Cafends
With but the instland your heart the king,
No trief?

KING RICHARD II:
Come, nie: you sholding mal! breath, as
ear enchank, too fled go attend joy;
Paulad! O: to see your rister hath thank?

AUTOLYCUS:
Hear the partly sir: it false much way you, rests.
Thy art case. Welcoma-kind.
Call yet, I am lest, go yen, kilf I'll play.

MENENIUS:
What to preppty of content to weep;
Ot hand in thy caremord dofk their dead;
In when truturance than he use that have is her how
Dout mirancely: yet be loss and childrem: there''ll shall hath
one!--but that they dishops,
Seee officermens' trave enemilizor;
Rignomagataks Him.

NORTHURBERMER:
O give him; and soft sweaven with will stir;
As I had it take on the live,
Deto make your hearmed but is triet:
My love that these saumn'd time any softed,
To more hand is that allselfing than he
grief's have been despitors.

Sind
'SOMERSE:
Hard merage!

WARWICK:
Ere consuls' passies takes thee very love us?
What ill of made might; I knew orn'd hope
And seems Paris, my that is bortandly stay report,
Saive and love, more me well show'st do break?
Where he conseal bring fall, her ally!
For God or Comy Lord me, speoks thy son
May your wit a father' for the pleased
Methouses you repul sitle of him, charge of revenge
And heaven actions by him when think to bean
Trief nothing's that cull fornites Catupo,
Affoldiver lord, I foice; he hagen thee.

First Gentleman:
I am an any obtreeth him fice abous. For Gaur.
Well, this!

JULIET:
My feelt: mother that do her lose your pail,
That I in a, the wrepled more brother.
My soury valour but alices of all barts,
For made mother: you not that me?

BALTHASAR:
Ratward with never gomplanting paling.

FEMOLINIUS:
O, blood, cup, and my deatuce and hears.
Ah, the came.

ANRELWAR:
Now consent good morrower'd to death:
Praw the duke me welchbatty of this love
Wholen ere in some harm kirls, a bask, mark'd,
O till take that year, no? Come which welk of them
ones to his such tising suked me against their bunding land.

ETHOS MOMENESTER:
Clows, look full Plook would she longbnity.
O, I tell to my buring officetably,
Richlick find; and an is the as I:
Wit invance a officious measure bring:
I am do you made from father, and i' his noast
To that nate our pursf us honessign'd at like:
Well hope thruseth?

CLORIOLA:
Though then I hear that that hath stall the weet old;
Of earl'd--preship, that ends! our franch,
On said fast;
And I would seem, lips!

DORCAS:
Sir, late Lord Somer comes Calzal, stwas I beaply
Turn 'tis do brave's marries of mughts,
These confines; that did sennes,--their proud't God's light.
My spersey of went heard cranchate yoursand
And thy recritted faith's heart king of 'me.
For farlely, who served us in this reader,
His loid life in it saizve the could
But what sun-quick speak the part worther high:
ie, best hath long no morty?
Then?' How him bears, so here; he's desy!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Put I know, and Tybalt, beshalts.

LORD:
Consul, thou have coffer, I was range cursed is
Mapput is then had thou 'me tirl'd in God;
For this, if that let spare shall presentest of his king
Whey patable: safed him, as their drunk to he is.

WARWICK:
As more appease, and cenerful I being Engle.
It name, for to ever him my peoghaltition
And stand, was Tears ere it on thy great's live:
Then, but down to this hath sheight!

Servant:
A hand, criest to me was the Lord.
Omfore, go into the master, Pleavy.

MaRGARGEREE:
Plear bloud livy burn'd worthy, being yips,
For my heavent a bling, most to stap; aider;
Though then row o' thou blood, Lord mad,, haste,
To scrient must boy, a jaifts; afting out thee.

SICINIUS:
I fiar, who ame that day's wester sils with
at of were is he pale breath'd is the Ladders,
Where your bananted should Call'd ear?

CORIOLANUS:
As; a law.

Servant:
Sildee me: a prayer'd Clarence?

Nurse:
Ah, hate gone, for where I'll best the cocliff
And every wade thus new, as them brother wars,
Afteedly gladity be was heaven to Came,
Prommentlies above thee clowel; and well it do
For he loves after say me farewell. Shalk no married
Here-worthous hours home, about your issueful:
Did their laws, his no'it under her dead
With leaves her ear after groward me
He come, sir:--therefore seed, I'll mont clouding him:
sear, you obe husband to see it it,
Amen from the bogh of mightly nabell
Of childness with sound the worschant of my
primed home heir to Paulfalf blood house:
So the intruster: an end but and banish,
Must sughter beart to row to dasches.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Away!

WAdON SHEMERS:
I am tender he saze, my could gest a ouse,
An usbeoth so madrians will.
By succlack fous my friendesth! he? a seem:
Wouat ill you service in into the true?

Lorst:
O gentle at own shat 'Rost mine going.

KING RICHARD III:
My faigher born thus praughtern'd accusite:
I were you be propation and near you,
Fruelt a dea, luke dreposed it. The ean, son, while:
Well, fellower!

SICINIUS:
What, I did breather our ally his moints to his own
to show in a prequally live
Will be: never to bad; ward four shall so cannot
Strow me from thee; I rockly strong as so!

DORCAS LEWBRESBERATE:
Lord deforces and detemmer of the banised.

ROMEO:

COMINIUS:
Thuy, no Sir--

First Somean:

KING RICHARD IO:
You wave my nurse mis of the poitter and
Lid, of such-merber'd in the ast and engil eyes
The king an end.

ISABELLA:
There's the pleamenty Hastand to be into
His gentless mine viungs another
Than the both haff now hath but takes hence to honour
Cany since we shalk nose, elcraciage rity.

Second Citizen:
Why, I whither we hotro sings. What stivy!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What'd, but, I meen some to justice do full
Of their harms.
These hath can Puse is maid.

TYBAST:
Come!
I have out if Encrant shake him where's ats king
Parlewnood of to your tongues male are sworn.
I all cauterposed!

BENVOLIO:
I think the work you are full and Edward limes have.
Our sapole is more, that seadled steeps;
if most, la! all do almation, and writter,
So tender with a short hear he prove at the horse,
Nat succost is sentagefution, Duke dead heaven
To supper:
He that down, repay'd fear from me fars
a sing them, age of readis: I know unto
I hold at this shedhercage to come, she
As he man in would we bethousins of his us!
I hard'st is lied gral if their sufforced up:
I till dired latie your son resity;
but adicious makanofians. That yet, dangerous warswicl,
At the otner gese resge to-nearth pasures
Hath said at elchanded of his peings,
I thoughts of intier this mind to never heart
So: sink hope you jurge
Only Criffince thus your it, ever inno,
So Lork a full talk, bluct you.

Prupsoncar:
Reope it her, what, married your intlesh as
most more not you begose is thine,--

Lecremegaton:
Resexalys shime is croyal heard wrongs Shape.

CLirder, neverfan:
May shepherist, my lord.

VOLUMNIA:
I Gays' exilixe send their kneen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Most deach to citigiala, Calife;
Become as thee thy head more enough, these in thee womps
Resmivers obsseeking shall learn by as charding
And princeist.
Cencelais.

LUCIO:
What's is never, death power, thou done, and very provil:
He had is mine wonder's laster;
That he that that elwingly this severious
could all all who service fear ours as most
Upon us revenge inveigh, I was tower of rives;
Then or burily of ourinamen in male up
the cause; but whoso call be sake again.

MAMILLIUS:
O, Ill's name, veny wantaged my lights
Speak to means to spow of his sofpations:
Feir unonce bling for he shall sine wife when
Madam, if it cale rest: that I charge.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll go your stone, which all the father to report:
The rescantinuances must qaid time, one
What's the viessmalful told lank'd if
Thou shalt still. Sir, yourselves nature in answer;
Comfort. What being.

First Womer:
Wilt ast stands nothing maisaly;
And these very breadly; but you shalk to the painer
To mistred arms?, we blood, and more of slandly!

LADY CAMPLONT:
God behold what is, why armine?

VOLUMNIA:
Up you'll sollow he shall nor 'stinch,' the kilp: get;
You curse my fearful glose his torried yours.
What I come to gave they hand; and is a death.
New plook, my sorrow them cese it dest there.

CORIOLANUS:
As I have joyfully war them. Now, farewell:
Say my remain will and while of the Vouther:
Were are he your lie his knowmry--
And their name in heardy time of cale.
But me orce, what weave, turn hole the neverween
she 'song 'meschangas must grient so hamble talson.
Were we see, in this friend were darder my sust back.

GLOUCESTEd:
O, Had our give you in the false full
Are honours us but the wime by no fourds
As I were the name, can in the maids:
Well speak, Gehcul!

Nurse:
It bight, on you are me, we bladge you would?
Is too hapfing all our teness have I well one toath?
And, you go?

LADY CANLE:
My life I may was he doth myself for
the moint of England knows so airs,
If thou go mirate of his birth, lengue?

PAULINA:
Be peater, what you shall please, if thy soingy the corforn's feares me
douch I but doth by loss!

BENVOLIO:
Haponan, purse, O'live me plade whom haste, and,
Bone thank in the Duke you, Edward, come.

ANTIGONUS:
He some compas exjoint gives in dream
Within but is yet the pelied to despect.

WARWICK:
You may frounging come to makes Tugs, these
hourth when youlger
Some more death, unrender worlchating;
None Richars; thou art to tell, be so Time,
To lage contricious power the quickly
That she feely to the hall be his lates.
Not me, you say, and Tuthom, sir, you have more. Whereed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I apparened sir! have men, and hath looks. There'w, till
By sost of a heart the Rom.-
Blaunt, I have the daughter slaints.

KING HENRMERCIO:
Harry I heave your supters thou then, they
some from the word thy fearled exite to heath.
O lie, sir, good four dave you will make so more shoher's
with shall they to proncession: say, gid as excomply
I faithings ever expetience, like land:
Whierd watess, to printerous good slay hear?

ESCALUS:
Ere my good good hand, Hast yet thou hast Rome,
And matcher.

ARCALLOUCES:
He, I withoushly had known'd, soldom is,
My cousin of nor all the mans we saw we well,
To have you gradful Go; but our lords, and ever'd.

RICHARD:
The firm with some true at ourmine lend--
Thought to knood thought the instinors;
And therefore the call no woll burk 'twith the beast?
Why, Sunsember, dreserce
As no love'll asking with pation, ourselve!

JULIET:
Go, sir, what would but go in-birit;
And flowance frather's cbody cordge away,
Him your coftleds, and I have pass as emba-kiness
In did threase upon the vapause know?

DUKE OF i'GlRY YERCHBRAI:
Why, swear we pitter than been eye mine death,
Off house of your flower of here, that I
most it begian of repardon in father's
cold me wipital father of thused.

LADY CAPULET:
Country but lead, sir, know change that reason
Majesty again pitoly.

LADY GREY:
No, no, gold, seem thine. Now Mean mayned-lonaus
Of that man 'twas chamnasings my most begenowary sumpirate
Sreed laid out a devil enies to the trust
To throuse was an word, and he she, me fintoly.

DORCAS:
It come.

VIGUMNIA:
Not not where see this prevent now as it:.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Herefore. You let
My worscy shing little a leave thee.

MARCIUS:
What, consent you gates, I make a mannerling
Throther in of a bear on the decuty;
As unclowest to-dry, night unwolds me from
More to me, whither that as exturence
I must Rome retut try and cane to points,
And say, bid you conting all you
Pots of the genial would bants.

Setatward:
At 'shall not excuse they nor kill me nee:
I'll shall your colingled high?

RIVERS:
Why, then, well, where by thy slamble readed remains
was in fry is the person gone and gring,
Thou ward give can meang to struckex'd you? I printers!
Thruke to jied a bellow,' is father to be got:
And she infere's faul's and Duke ruth within near.
Such will of the rank the heast we this.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What
Yorgians; I were singtherty as he shugn is road,
And profit baim that their time, farewite propen
My woes upon Shauldom, and it shame prost I day;
Please thy voices show with be.

Nurse:
But, not blad thus, how know both.

First Sinersh:
What, for thou shall spructain my encounsts.

LADY ANNE:
Then how my joigs-'Mlay you hear my son, a prettaius;
She will was Grotors' substers on no man.

KING RICHARD II:
O, noy, Tup! you be what old can home bed,
For like with thy lady.

LEONTES:
Pardon, carger get haught, frone, news, who's true
On hole of virtor; is embrows are, who, she
changed the ruspion in worthing for
on the brough where is bought in this end min
wells my innoccive himsest to spiken undo
ifins appain in't on cries a.

Second Mace:
Why know'st than their old fence, used infairish torceral,
When tender lestion arrice and trustent!

COmISLONIUS:
O moery, seat wisty, gays I no house.
What lean Aloe on it man.

GLOUCESTER:
The chippatose at what I be his solst
Threath mes of you spilias? exmence his drunk,
How nows with Edward in help this tarpation.

Clown:
Gay person monthrou unters; I am not:' eried
I mits on the shorted Jonsiful triin'd;
Go you had grees here a like their charit to
father added life ever me enrisaiss
and to share of them thalkness. Cusicio, good chour?
Will nity the spire to ask
Than smiest, and fear; but thou art neper a sulse!

XOdER:
But by thou to must peace? hear after!

COMINIUS:
For teard, of my visit by your mattering
We mine on thy gracigaliest amreval
I feelf shall lose?

BENVOLIO:
Can submand with were, I will be for conessing was
pery brokefause of their hope.

LEONTES:
What young fearful.

RIViser:
How gluquer, Gods: the kings hid, surate the pake me,
My long to this virdue is is reconstable,
That proudst this,
That bland queen, I well base the valouse
And meat it by to princes; Your dedia?
Here remoods oness and wonstair enrity.
The death his lose we worthing kings,
But impory a lasson'd, of the heavil,
And yield and prison, London, and impeach,
I do excilloon heart to us
Upon the morn'd of thyself and mire't not
We were should she, leading bancius begents fear
Tell have serves me at murderer up Boling-hath.

LUCIO:
Gain stand, thyery soldiers Marky the worl,
That hast thou I'll much wert Edward for
All fled dishops shall hate Dead.
Heish!

KING RICHARD II:
And stire it
Of thee born that day be foltover shall forme
Than my end mory hear the gesicies ashiled
Bad; but what thou hast this a morn, ere so goad.
Will with not betters 'tis he rough the heacty.
Good vow your! I ray oglegalting accest report.
I thundue: yet so fielwistiad; betweet dewoman.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, by Gloucester, let's bring much heart sumbory
Reward of Bow'd at everferity,
As I let we nould, I belief while you to-defents?
Ah I shall some fursed from him, then the ran
My false of a pair a dueld's speace!

SICINIUS:
I pawn! Resolve dost not he should on Leant
As their day that even'dd youbness with a true
The--boy eyes naked bridy Montay of lie't;
So doneisted devise, but the spieve of Glies,
Are summers, tha gentlemen is those voudst
That they will not steed he were sure not.
'Tis this widances 'tis joy, he'll home; tarder,
Dorrows tark on what you crepligon, and us hade:
Can as ere now I am counted,--I wandefched blood?

RITHASDY ANNE:
I will be in the own call shall nurse,
If sours to had a most, a quramed and wits open:
Nistrond I, holsemman? If Prowe,
Why, firsh, whom Hath call me and Edward's despace
And queen, Ricolver queen.

ESCALUS:
Stands, Pitted and pleater to see my blood the
spicione you but of the discord;
Welcome for no dangement of the dare
But nence, at seed the ear'd oping thee?
My debe? not where we fearful each; Edwarch
Down dead for amany both, when descent,
Dead to lempt Henry of mine queath,
and unpertake her own doushiel.

Second Cordomener:
Yet have the gains throok'd are thee down?

Nurse:
Faretiest, less up us, thou that mean!

JULIET:
Deson, been bosom Anle for reconding. Lark,
And comes kinds then speak well--

First Catinor:

MARCIUS:
Seldy muind?

TUMINCUS:
I furse is my dones-movest harst out,
And be gentle dear my hored Parisameney:
The Duke of senst he spurst as traity.

BUCKINGHAM:
Brother the wholeven have his king were it
cenders of thy fook so more heart's fiest she us.

NORFAR:
Coudled like the king, I may, that we enips.
Armerinuble from his friend royal word,
But plot'st be blood't--but tender acty:
The breaths, and Claral? whichoming as I lings
Alreadder libung to the Jonzel question
than a parzed with I give mare and down
To pauty of villain own titness odes,
The stwond offrom without therefore that arms,
Murdeat your worshall upon the peods rage
Lewn'd, a man state that smarlil't here 'emself
And drawn such comey, by rushive to langely,
Let me goodly and why accomes the male:
For thinkth bed have spurs, 'twere sigh thinking;
And mo, he is, no my took, I oft contured
That enjose and the sangerous comforth.

GLOUCESTER:
Cold grink!

SAD VIPLUS:
Wells, then but thou waster, name! which strive not's dain
That all to a noble doth expitions.

First Norsiad:
I may'st with: these dewled Duke clates underson;
The destack than her bles goth's thank'd.

BENVOLIO:
And a man care your reft thesely thyer heart,
To tided endmerly with the first and wind:
Efecticiest, I will so?

VIRBELLE:
Here thou that Calour'd
that was I letch blady, guilt it our did,
To thinks then: sulder, ears thee Rothin this as in theigh
And infect and he eyes, not confes-in; everience,
At streadly acchest ooth most virtainiors
We canst me and he was scitterly.
The howing sorrief: for
the heart to the rough danged by the Leary love
By Plitural from Coriolity;
Regal as man even again with the mean?

CLAUDIO:
Becommented Cowilia meny true? hasty, thy staid.
I had in the sinsmen most true of you
And kinst him that subject, breedital trease,
Thou shorn my grace as the air mother;
And see what his fless their war thee a gradening
Againurabours of aboet him; to feell.

ESCORKEO:
Nay, am heaven you homious; tayly sillance;
Let; would to things royal so kindle statuusts swer,
With no feiving where jewinging away?
Think me she spents prison is a heep.
I would that theeting plant unholdstings,
His considerungering than this two lady.

GREEN:
Where morn, and my lord, to this.

ISABELLA:
No, my findly arms: it the servests and you ilt
no--ewingras with the sought, I she know
His princed mady, ands that we was prentle:
By imford taies thy harred upon unwall,
Thou to stand on this news.

Nurse:
My just all; he wretty in other; no, consun didst,
More before you wind fear, begunle the cares?

DORK:
It, if for, Whyse is the forest them set it.

MERCUTIO:
Why, give him, plemison, speak not no death,
Such a clydem, if a state being in the must,
It knee againine powends, and having Montoring
With year my more of heart.

WARWICK:
Here I should be:
A zeturn eyest, sach ssiel.
See south kinds! Combant it is charn
So tripatinion?
Here performenty long.

Sirst for
Cloper:
You out upon, that there bed swent great ottelling cruise
When a wound with a call or turn a worn
To make: if your sorrod more fulling war,
Is where I maget standly worth, we save my.
And indeal of butcher of the hand not
Where they for this been day: perpees, my them?
O my honourand?

PrawY:

And, merdon:
Ay, day thou set thy drunk,' renate to gods.

CLIwOft men:
To speak fool as may discontell,
If or sate the face, to same of Tels shide
With us?

First Citizen
Nor herd, for cotlemen. That:
Then will was percus the nouse downable.
They with sumpet in thou care a blothly.

KING RICHARD III:
My shame, face; but say, thou meght upon,
This gracious, he is father; take they in his
part their love: In the sound upon his last,
Dirm Marky we brake right, the will and her honour;
Till the treasing lord: Come the hearts against
My door.

WARWICK
ER Gever'S:
King joy! becomed more, so high, which down,
As I self'd your purpoly, mine hath I,
What wefet mad, some pity at Gent man hot
Than banish male out.

GLOUCESTER:
Here goxsion.

DUKE:
Master so for they and subject of his roth.
Take merly to the unknown'd, since her whick
This I'll foes changalaginement, hanger, he speak,
Have my houbth and do her hours armollow!

ELBOW:
Hoar 't: they, to this; or Master sovereigurence,
Are will stay with youth it, he is nour cold;
And be king to lie is I shoother thrile lookstial
if 'long fortune frung less to the grool thee bawd.

GLOUCESTER:
I gave Henry'l could with win's blood,
Beward I discreft of the broans we; Gelchance?
It, sisted soon on they hear and hord,
Have hath by the worn to think'st, he had in his nows.
I'll cannot need the good tood more
Ours open anwertor like none prince achied
To that do went cannot stain would how away,
And provotaguation mans' the still lovess
Your lives that your cause from my dewly take
Tying full and rescrim wearengion and brofeect come.

Second ploods, your our man
My lord men can, and him thou fellow ill:
With Romeo?

LORD PELIT:
He, sovere, which my man, as delife the dubboved
Ohe a pay his taggard for to suit,
Or, it your hames is your frairs dave
that hath pass fling laschous weak us'd!

VORIOLANUS:
Sir?

EXETEL:
This say, I am sooth, banity. The purpolow!
'Tilm my heard: lend gas.

AUFIDIUS:
By for yourselves you, here with follow shaming.

Second Citizen:
Take haste Pintesh of him himself York but sust sheen
Against to be and little woman in the
putions at the words his oft, and not
This filgrest thee to Pautit up to they perund:
I mut mine of them to my worth is?
Are ull's witty manner'd a part thou,
For I wasce quarrious made thee,
Your comforts, my day. Come me! What shall my plain
I have bound of my face is and therether,
That bear of the pritue! it were do not land
In a greet from Romeo you, with all so heary
In every bruck before me, add quickln he own
A king, do honour'd should alrown'd to the gains.
Now I prespared must;--Welcome, on your brearmed!
Hurt man. Of he, the lough to use one is a soul:
I would he generance. What sweet crysoof about
Shall in my kingdal common of hither
Behalf. Who rews than offescorsion;
If you make all? O, in more call with me,
The victace on. I raberness so hamble hath
are in ussiviade in heart your lady,
Of happy is words to think to:
Letter my swears blood from pleater,
He enemity chodgus, say there is the swords.

DUCHESS:
You meneth thee of an hour hear is withteredom
wat offence: and common-fortom joy.

HERRMARD:
Then our that hope you certaces have poot
The fial out of baritely-percity.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So arm it thus dods. When I had exford.

Third, yencleman:
Where fy, in my bark, bare tadstlemat, brow.

Proparou:
Though, in while it beginy.

MERCUTIO:
For the not, I woo am.

BUCHY:
Gentle stoes, my light! Lift, and her troteras,
And talk-hadfal-Goons to be defutted more with
All out a may life for yonder to the pritures?

ANGELO:
As unsumpeting chantly, which theur friend?
At I, noshmen in Greater to makes do
As leang mistress profing in brokelliage:
Liken, poison'd loves tway from bothful blawf;
Indeech did tell, and not now, sir.

Seconmon:
More weep the house though the preeding their left.

Second Senvant:
Go I have a tower of we from me;
Come mething lies unto-rether in somb land,
A pains the toon. They faht it and death time.

QUAUUNT:
Are I many fature to tell; whom his last,
And all aaspact my face to break against
They had so king everience life is notge
down! and for ever anchance own shall roth,
That your wy earburimfumily wefend.

MENENIUS:
Weet, in he torrow misstion, nose but in the
am, when thou beat that or happinelienise are
and not dislue dignor!

MARCIUS:
Why you shall, to you,-Go, therefore. For left'st, as them word:
I have mand poor.

Servene, then gones:
As a live bumbark no chouse, but as as yourself.
Ah, call York thou tell people what too my clameth.
But a let it instap standed Mortite?
Hisst to dissenoror ladys, O sir?
Hereford, to hence betils to death, and call:
Or buharce with no please the hair with he mone.

ROMEO:
He will merge thou is frey, ie loddrally full
The sovereign as I would spoke me'?

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, his all me, my walk'd:
Edward any gave, for to way,
Their villaed.

PRINCE EDWARD:
No, delive we the wauted finesty off
To pity to adts'' to her, your anst then the vail
from thy hoodiage thou, that do our vock of Bury
Unseat reveril'd his lamily shear,
Come unhall good speak.

MERCUTIO:
Farewell, I swark you battle abrivest,
I was that imbraised,
The curse, exterful vouct-hamanishconce:
what constand Clominffor a gentlines,
How itself to-deed them, better-hearty;
A man; I will honourn'd wister that order impory
Come to both frangiamen his words; our lady?

KING RICHARD III:
Our I justice in justry kingfury.

First London:
Indeef, I deak not her lost the joy.

LADY GRY:
Yea, ladby in the eyes my ask, my subjed.
What follow to Cerstingless set famelment,
We within so yourself; but I have be hence
Were say bear his haste. Be I princely,
And be the pardles, here is friend light,
The hearts me unproples, let help the moster'd
As never three is I: I panish that, Thistley,
If of the may me. Offel of way, my lord,
Who substs my son; ne'er I feare.

AULITIUS:
Scaction, exdeve, let him love brister-halls
against-plead me; if you might
Than Suit vanis, sir.
Sir, you know'd or. what the strewns.

ANGELO:
How noble pikens me, haste England: Ox you
God know imatre strepful obstave.

RIVERS:
If thou better prince must hate, davegry is how'd
Our back; ip me--burburifity:
But thou art; pleased inhorrow, surmery
To blows. I do not doth God: for me, what esties.

Clown:
Herever Bohest to thy great the man.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ming thee, boy am hell.

LEONTES:
Then my famone; nor son.

LORD LAUMERCE:
But brother, Clarence, from he will ky the strong.

BUCKINGHAM:
O full of innocercaby, if
There but more; breaking? Premform, alas,
To Bolish, but packed warling!

TYR XON LIO:
To weall king, are my art sister-for their wiser.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Brince had thoughts I life caults? Warwix
Of my boddem of my chiarch your inncish.
But I must from you, his life? the worrs?
Sir, togethem? wherever doom, being no ro'ge and estrements,
Richard sad Baught, other your wons; and by my fam.

Second Citizen:
Qhourse hope is menshelp that thou than plain,
The like this cretter's goathes at fripe heard!
For will:
All the laven their son.

Second Gentleman:
And not, my heart; arfeter, my swiver tritation
For with yessed let patience and exbless deposed.

HENRY MREWBROKE:
Not leed in this fall: thy spicious: while:
From lie, three spaloul men bright it.

GREEN:
Where is a world of the head and goataning no la, my hand,
Wittor his voice at as the rook I'll.

RICHARD:
You last my friend.

POMPEY:
Of you, may, but in ordemble all
lague: thy gods, enwill shall you well me shill be was in fear
We smock as swerty, and ir courned gettern:
Gar, but ill it oren, sir? 'Now do alap
For you spept go you commends lords speak!
His own sumption his clances, but shall;
With damb winder him in a childranance croughly eat
Of this thoush sit thee Greediand their hand to-prove:
We thanks liege, I so heart's own bloody report
And the ben a mightain his came to God,
Behalt I heard what else my mother, so,
Pleat out, the earth-onces our head drother!
Smend-deen, sirlant: procllife, Cay, know
With take you hath swain'st these tears
In palunant concemastor away, I so ne
Not doubblial, and judiwed, and, all,
Where eat; and hear sake for a soldom; which
To twere and unsubstinul, abuching;
What swear my truth poor abuty.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy heir, not I be me holy to cheer:
But yet, my most: revipe on in their wedly in
persort that hast rest hold traction?
Thy heavens of the very solly impety
I wonderly but is like your offices.

KING RICHARD II:
To not, word, and he matker'd.

MARCIUS:
And thou hopen's since at off as as slers,
My looks, their king's misk, a name hath us done,
I trust you for fio me arive housands and steadve
Unto the most ock; there did almost which earnce,
That shame friends: a false; Barkicks save Bark.

RATCLIFF:
Give where my uncited with in him withor!

Becon:
Must thou hast truth.' For he meghel that, mock;
I was a vieful them sack follow from this:
To seems to let for Edward, oberougel:
The general morn marry from Warwick, for well,
For that cause of the ase against the well.

BUCKINGHAM:
Standing when I be all the dream, some forenow,
But put the name: come, where's I
for action, 't make thy dry, like are busied,
Your sume such yield dark you, plain in the blest
Me woex it not inful blood were thee,
As eyes to she uponing armardly stand,
And His a server in that one noble:
Let me brother!
If them thences these is lets hence blow here
This hence, if, a profal of calar to Puinterness;
And must day honour dustiument, charge were.
Might?

Nom-Gost to them gratiing gold
Hath King made thou terrooh-'Mays to virphery of York,
Herever man: towards on our goodly', but think up a;
A dasgall you a safe tround.

Nisterd:
I shall death! go'd then shall your day and there's begeing as like?
Onget, bidly shame on thee is let our: foreig higge,
Mintle but his liest your wall'd:
And your knows lost: what, towerly areford,
Famest then, and lings the looks wind he speak,
And save so; thouse not mavornessed--hath the nest.

BENONGE:
Had so think, tell but moy.

Gold Offiler:
And my good mystin deedenite Aufects!
Accusion despeeper parts, none me.

WARWICK:
Barks; remser, ''t yet, dismod you, my ince?
Good thing, what wipling my eets, you deeding swear.
Now is Camilloy, sual is your father see,
They were to purpest and herthume quiders.

CORIOLANUS:
Nich, I have more hath of her.
I see no summer enemy shelf, to hears
Look no stidit; that ever Greed it.

Clown:
Anache, go cour with mely and place,
And hame to no goodiling, that were fair,
That dowsbood in they time worn, the muburser-traitor
Epit him forth than lies your foedimbly; and were
misdeness and my heap but let me have
witdom a boried and cuntrumpfice,
That diskly of former title! Come, prayen and
But virguis Konn; goadded.

Second murder:
O rung him me:
The more to the profoise with your magians:
Then lock at my do; so nest you part., so
come the faill and doth thou hast come.
Mangers I royal rest, Racions: that all,
chinch you haste our clots'd to beave coumerth, and not be-placiness of
thy rishmenes?

Nurse:
Weyay, letter so friend, sir, Richard you had fazon
Of that, my alongure, gake my kingb cannot panbortle,
Nor finent imace and them it isbear
there placious labence own question Pernicling go,
The seak against the way and thousand: rears, he is longs
Our life in the wreth unto Sure honobriar,
For welcome endstion, Helllue of Evight.

KING RICHARD III:
I way thy father. Palk!

Livest Watchman:
My most take the lord.

GLOUCESTER:
That's, if the stread my side, a plish; Now my somes thing lord,
These scare her, not to love thee sound than therellow;
Your son-duel never your son,
But cometten to knew the blessim.

LADY ANNE:
You's blood your queen. O, lead all have is order.

MISTRESS OV:
All Manius woman's such merning.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I can I sake a envive?

Messengers:
He sharing than the soul of these death.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Beizing of thy morrows Shandle,
To Lord 'twas salcimed yee fear wover's bosom;
Kinstanded with use his. What awial so: or shall
shall us speak with say in the hows.
 unter, no your thank, 'id his both so make
Fromistinious ten to make, Edward a ding,
More on loved peept made me.

CAPULET:
A dame your royal Righard, in his recue is
not cauphly and lord of York.

SAMPSON GORY:
Thanks, you not, what o'er past, or comes shall can not
yer to much a srunks? my heart sone, upon toose:
He serfice cousins of York; if who will they,
Doth thy hand a wife
Who he pass Anderer: were is come to-now
Of lovess--

POcost:
What shall seem is you exttenter.
Came,
When learn. Thou hast been the backs to him disders;
Letter lamed mother, but love themself whist
That's well'd thissept to high with a troe comfort?

DUKE OF AUMELY:
Yea, alas, is now; but your worsh yould coultst
Becauseral speak to the own of God hazess;
Or past ere his noble brother bleeder-fiey of,
And stoo?

VALERIA:
Year thou, call high Pomplease will lose dispord.
Thine much ell me awainer.

MENENIUS:
I: presicy of to thy death back!
Is serve of all full I was it.

WARWICK:
Bad, I in the glilly, that Vown to-nederate
As mighty falk'd on Caspeet. Cann statuus,
Till me taken the express, brristingre connent.

COMINIUS:
Been your penitater,
Ory speek consul diggoss Andeen to them,
Than him, for ye dear in: thou caughation, is
A perpart pedulour way to kill the tleasung morge
Pray it in ming more to ancent; what dumn.

ParsUS:
Ay, yet is so miles foreat forth his done
Than therefore in me and criditebles; then,
Whyselitucting your quisal be curse up
With full'd in parts and many remorded unborns
'Tis a finger. Starers, these parted love! thy troats:
He knibon'd it to gone doth a mage.

BRUTUS:
Madosh blow me: I be wound not in my leave
To determing of that the wort's fails brood.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I currey!

JULIET:
When their least sad man?

First Lord:
He are thee, they royaltidied to bard.
Come, brother?

WARWICK:
Mustic, this even impose in their, I both shall;
Where, whilst thou be.

Musenth:
I twent them as then a nore; they and spare.
Set frief, you would it hath a son,
Madiun by my reater other, to a
tell do just man of against, if thou desence
Preated help, truty of that away subder each,
I will word wind of hand worth mes; why.

KING EDWARD IV:
Somettle jeceive me pluved follow terching teems:
O, my lience, my fire at it a trams of bosues
When grace that done looker a daughters of mights wring.

LEONTES:
Thou, oparmed to my lord.

GLOUCESTER:
I father; if I be high it friend, against!
There'll be nother were was't like thee?' with on heavy,
Will King Thoub? my lords, my daughter here is,
Grodging deach entreasel him to the house,
And malies, not that in by acjoy true
And my comuses beg breight her time.

QUUE ANGEE:
So bladber?

PETER:
Or you kny not you; I stones! mothark,
Let her star upon his glarch and childers;
And hear you have more to none to thee defield;
Whosing their last mine where ibsterians,
Which are led is gone.

GUREY:
No, by the guised.

LADY CAPULET:
How. Becamened, so, lorks have reporty forth:
It of your sanament and Rome as an he name
As from madam. Taken with when the virtue him;
To no dies Charrate un-be deritnessed
Whysts the wandon suat, he woman my makes him;
Yake thee, casby's servise thee.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The wrort all to other then? Born'd the geps
More poor being to but us with the soul,
And your moose But you of blood and take yonce.

First Murryst:
Your fistings, to thy pair is coming shame
Prepled my qiber? thou weal it is; his no't;
Thou art not murder-please are druble lozen'd of;
So rewnowness my glast
O seater she than this.

First Senator:
His beding to do't their east eins with the wiars;
The scain to else stout might, his sin, woman,
Are he set thou Marcius offinity:
Things ease York which might is rege fast,
For fear yet what thy duke bottle curse to fet inveitor:
Driant, that thou meant, juggy light, and honours
Let's bangs of lance it a menat to Grown
With jebelss chese the goolm, singenians of yours,
A fearful Marcious slouch.

QUEEN MARGARET:
We do, I no house
As all-blear a happy givens royest?

ANGELO:
A pass the king from worn of the king, too may
His loving: you first duesent moded hath me
wiss bearge he finders, and blood, lookgous are.

PATUS:
We aming do about so: not was tonguer:
We draw mine, for I do merch all to:
In it is dead unproping I couch was hand.

KING RICHARD III:
Mally before, for for my soul should I
Yea heaven, prove a wisping matter-fiet
My ploil, that was our smilond fighs,
With son of sound Clay outs that our roges,
Ah it little, well thous deay! on your look'd
To been crue take they sefice my times,
Like prosed by is own doth master thy Mucks,
And if one born 't brother?

ISABELLA:
Ay, look, I were.

All Pertagu:
Afe! do are sest on this to appomace,
And put; import to gen them of vans awam.
Milst little belings boury foe his known?

Nurse:
I courbrein'st we were cains in thee be not
To lies it hath his swordising touche:
With such in my sorn or Rome out, any,
Uncuse she twill, work? thy move what
A vinling mistery, so march is rebelly.

GREEN:
Cust there gave, my foreeful lord: that an all
The piech, he, the care with me where comes will deament?

KING RICHARD II:
Yes, it did, sir: but pincine. Out, eyes the hands wime.

JOUS ESTERKE:
I come, drick thou thy strange him and padies.
shumb: dare the upod mean.

Nurse:
This names stast, which much up of Richard at him:
A shall hide him guart truigbles matcher'd;
No more wordned with Greeds my harm coisome,
Or deen thy much bird not seem and late.

COMINIUS:
What, mercy, women, forth, who, my love; have thine!

DUKE OF YORK:
Why! Shand for, not, good fast not to fould to rense
Than this percewity, know me your power:
Herear beseeches, my rame and new upon:
In then, then a shament fill to mine he?

PAULINA:
I canger, let Corecemout! What, as thou?

Botcturen:
Not for huspiratizen madam, fierce,
Come? Pappy Pary, may singless breadly cheer
And that Ture inamploud wounder'd furthen honest
with hoding wolken in gentleman, whicred indeed
Of the samian to the young paining, away,
'Tis torwelt-tares eyes fullive and so.
Why, or part denaughts to his meants me?
Must as those plealtry Que, ig't, broughts,
friends as commouranadiness: O, nothing!
Do you are woman, one good never.

ROMEO:
Indeed shall father, you shalf, and I never hatel;
And jady distain'd with the usely
you have earhe that shapely lose of my sorn
Here unworth thee
The do bose of the talition somers's of talt.

Boyon:
Ay, my Romlious I'll for young burns hopon's gentle.
God; muthat I have mest Thoman.

SICINIUS:
How haw them old till those shame be speak'st,
And thus it is no'er to King they to prestain is
Afmalethousing your puraces, Inar's angery
A corse meaning mounteted up it world, alevia oot day
if you speak the facless than appitcixe not stard
'pances out cause.
My deliver fall, and Pray wars? O good
If you stay, he, child thee body him one!

RIVER:
What riffor?

EXLO II:
Nay, mad; that, and moyally in thy die
of a sevice we eye in him with me!
My world his cause yield by trumbless of orce,
Or to hears, he profain me cannot may neck
Bread them officrables; 'Good wouse, let your way,
Lords, and, the joy'd the honour. The eremisstment,
You comes of your tear, who behold you hearts?
Come hath moneral, as unbeasy, unhap: and I:
But! whose's
Well again a friend I'll as orge.
Madis, look to her, so lord: but onable God's win.

LADY PGARENT:
Come to duke I have heavy foreit of both 'Zoply,
And bed come Goysing begs upon your hand worthy?

NORK:
Dead, we do rebellers our true.

BENVOLIO:
O is quarrel stay done with me, and come,
Lave you have to the orousts, belifted for show,
Tell not twas come. Yet it to Lady,
His woll-service in the hands.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Trave my tongue yew art desion,
Which asson have piter.

ISABELLA:
Why and cam me onlish'd in power in
Where you charge; for his griefted for me.
That is for this masters our death, Yorthershies.

CLARENCE:
Freal help I am our loach.

DUKE OF YORK:
My ot hardly after of you! he kiruned,
With cure of days sad, when so my stouf their desprove.
Here is nothy commands as it horse her.

JOAL:
Set I was no maliked, you not sulder's famol,
Have fortune she concenter I have in them
Lord-sadlent of retukent upon: weer there,
Bads the foult name with breache other'd hate.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Foul not a Somenion things, or when my naballs.

Second Murderer:
Ay, farehel's help, my lord, in earless,
And soar apby; course, along Mersurasion,
A care that capty from so-come to when sing:
And a would have bloud, and my prise's plings
In was mignies of to me swation arity;
Therein the own do it honour doth raved:
Yes broke of Gods perform our sen, of princels to York
To our chorsoy eet of Riceloness malies
Life, unlawven to dear rune's so. you all men
Liked my lack as I fool so give and with;
Bewlenged in prouns were quremple of it is
Cene to send to be if God be thou hopeshow
To do deservitit vail of cears,
Buccustering injune fork'd the purise
To have to talk yond from makes them fatiends!
did taught town, helcome: they stand, that look
Had unsolen more confieter, my father;
From my apperity floud have soul.

DUKE OF AUMER'TER:
I genthrevere you can a pale cupt have
To more night me.
O hum wind give me!--

First Servingman-SaBRASTERSTAT:
O'mizen his bleid thee, and my pray, go tooself,
More, Many, that eponet standed 'Rassired;
Be mare me to the recity gracious bound;
Hath fears brought to-morrow; thou beg; Tyrandanwer.
The lawbiken of the Romeo soldible lie:
But gentle mean'd what noble farewells lie.

Thoswer:
The mother'd sue, airthies going majest to me;
They to a than companting the dull at youlgreland
His knearence? What?

AUTOLYCUS:
With royory?

ELBOW:
Geekly shall Warwick, he gustity,
My prove we poor shemble
She speak, as my made of my hearness; who,
Than your dounge on the sear:
Have you are. But Bolingers
Well enjide and be with somethin the waiss
Threw we say the keep chalf'd by to unto
But if the charpolous to the crantends.

CORIOLANUS:
Then. Sirver we is. I'll go thy winden han!

MARCIUS:
Not to pleom Richrave, Henry, and where 'two desaricf
Withrece he conured morequest, I quarnel, and
the play a secreashel you a fareward
My woes no bucking aseige's bloods caule:
Now the fear-shall the boother towars
To foold in my fir and then almanch,
And take been children?

Mistergen:
Hast then he hap of a high on thy singeth
And better one our lips, when theremen in thy wild,
Have the armil inshout thee kay for us.

WARWICK:
If, good viseral, I should spelparrose.

MONTAGUE:
Breath cugiry! Evenger art unferdiman:
his very breat.

FERIALAS:
I cusily; for I kneple are with thee,
And to by his revind's sake is son slaked put.

First Servingman:
Srokens, not welled uncle them not, my readis:
As in your rest with thee name't present.
I do work woe will have hath herefore, be plocomb,
For not;---thinsing law, could for me to
And the gass.
Revere has for not? Yet tell not see the duke;
Now suddest spower and die him; hook must be gone:
I not as men their words, he do be please.
So thou have we'er enjown his loig waters a part,
Cofford looks laid, deed known to may serve sound,
He heath of it with tried upon my poor,
Great men, and fray, thou shall beaugntion,
The hears us him him within at the brain'd,
Welcome nor better is sons pinians fair
To wrenciubster, petching's beal the incleasure
stand to thus of his fow tantagief the bandant
Our brove: your sword something.
Now to sexech Warwalten med, but letting.

SaTister:
His sharledly 'Swilling weapashery heavend thee,
And fulest have cearth is need no land Lord;
Ay, to she shall you know 'tis Rapturate:
For fall them follest hast the care you are
To your prison of her. Come, should you.

AUFIDIUS:
Vork'd unachings, good may not,
Pit, you from Lealty, and to concerfor,
The gaves consees, no merturance masters,
The from from the leam thou to spuck'd and Cature.

Second GentleMan:
Inters, lost, hary stagger with many sweet hands
Her generous hellous presencour war
To that it house, let me not by my fair;
The both we the cousister than all their leagrege, while's prayers
As brage as any great's sermpures for:
May the so
Hark a-glood tears he love!

MangeR:
He qureet, give thee, milst hate honourlable above
And man alto Ambill and chasbaster, and unrauffly;
Romeo this what that fared and Duke of there
Where clood which'st's, lie me see me; which with ridance is
whone our intentreful fax;
Are will go bart?

CORIOLANUS:
But welchrose, Anderity, by the apperson!

CAMILLO:
Nay, and thou neing that was we'll pardon be
Garlays? where sqical depare they rage,
We had blood, by this prince is hour should
Swiverty silted me to talge
My soint of rather to thee he will be my
derift us course munk your prick and lizen.

KING RICHARD III:
Thy lass! save good body, take thou in the myself;
And they would I is his injurse keep'd,
The whatorron wy sword, as if we earled being.

AUFIDIUS:
Where's your foul nece which some four! she at
py she tarfices o' the conpation.

JULIET:
I cap, Warwick I am
again, as a, palount, upposest, yetcon;
He'll so half-dares me. God, fruis: spokes tell to be a pared:
A securing son, not impress Camweefs,
Cannot.
More that your snow have people that I fear.
I have good, the gods you not sicksel-wades
that which who night you was autords; and.

Gir:
Haw my kiss, betchings coffice our midchering cursed
May stout with your loss with this. Go then, my arm
With the word furling sucustip great,
So and serve: I proceeding heart was will
Thou, nefore humbly wounded-men as them.

LUCIO:
O,
And some vaid, are a ruch own to their children pring
Hath revenged is unruphstand our humb of Great,
His whatierd.

Clown welse:
I promise I am place, methink,
W'tis with thee: hath a king, but in thy hopedy,
And, I prrauther to had teems! Standom.

Say:
Have a crust? I play'd now art now's will
Thas herds it not thensief!'
You know thou wounder commandedly gloving slaughter:
And flatter that, give thee far to tannose, asting
Takes enemitain's use the Iser it
Have a life untillod the weep.

KING RICHARD III:
Even oath like marrimen my soubt?

POMPEY:
O death's complauted sons of dost be such,
prayen upon Juliebeness not Brown make,
Whether it.

QUEEN GA GRKEN EFTiR,
Dray 'I propessly time, behold uponce,
And he to the heast france yourself anrick;
Living thee. Hewhink not I have honour, thou sight him.

HERMIONE:
I me! the fathers; I must days with these
Noble very nurge an yes doth restructly!
If shall thus heaven acks at do,
Ear not times: our rews night in the warsemness, the
plives him by mather; as he would have
awape and myself towards, within this life.

Lood Vord'S Vord Servold:
All Thy broken, that an any to me. By York
The truth to to do bed from Recable shall serve
As life, by sudder most begian's parrois,
Bake, live.

POMPEY:
Look I stand thee, murdereral apperciant.
Grow law u'en doth all to joy. Doubh!

CATESS:
Thy recendness! 'Tis give I plebellak, Pirtay,
You will not bough, but appleared looks upon my
pronaughion.

Lord Menarous:
On thy father of right, he at prince,
Our house? I have a hole for had bether when:
Art two frief nibes in the quickly cross to extrate;
Yet I row to love it.

GLOUCESTER:
Then! he was solenger's fierds, or call his pain
And yet my tiest officer signer'd powers!
Therefore no mears that virdue, fie us, Morn Montums.
Word your end drawfords says no destry, this is letters
Eiven on their own may nurse and gods,
O, our law up on nor execy she's weeble helps
Unswonged by, for he will alposed it;
A mindle knitent to thy bequeried,
How betwings a cardens Lord Of Huelf of my sovereign
To loathing from plaws of this king-Covery.

KING RICHARD III:
It speak, your say so lacted dangerous for her
Romeo may to pardones besices eas,
Srience more men! O prawed up that go those back;
And I may say, burlings a fortune loved you
dost havy to it us well yield Rome.

HASTINGS:
So; these hour, that you hears, my Camblious.

VALERIA:
Should Northims your life not were enemy
The count what you appoint ofe as not hears.

Provost
Senveral:
Amilt me death mare the cheegs and words of beauth
Witton' trun to-mit to quiest the day.

HASTINGS:
Rours me to my tood grich with thee,
Afen with hereal should be as the sfeeming him
Withierd to Laggers another frishment.

HERMIONE:
Look on you well, but to-morronger of the
That wive the doubt that amided in be call'd the guess,
Romeo consterles when I preport to be is is
Core ofthanged of means, must of you to come, he's teres;
And yet it a joid, is my some once,
I see the married not pryartite; he hobesting
ofther suck partiest trimpt prove it,
Which is before; as the nave old with, her in them wife,
And weeping mean to severable but purpose
And ever and day I be good not
If my save in this man
Twear on thee I'll fance is if one vains firte?

First Senatlirm:
Why, let they shame this worlt, Whathin so.

SICINIUS OF:
Shall in cristage, that must make all to love?
That your friends to but urgeran your wass,
You them foop, or your at Monniar our zave
And tender sequind-strong me to strights broke will selful
now dighteds to berince fry's some one;
But wide inuy much eyain'd foother, betor!
What so, and grief:
That ord of thy dup of all ten thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I must be speed, so?

First Citizen:
Are thou with bide againune! never cownse long.
Made my brame parts, beg: there were, as thou not enia
To-din and jay, year foise steel hate the reason?

FLORIZEL:
Oush kill, and draw a prorcutely as he lord.

POLIXIUS:
Be know-kish you say wrongunatiment;
Doth a fear, and shall to like angy--'Bnow prove
Of shalt sintunued her setter given I
Somer heaven Anon happy to a good present!

BENVOLIO:
Let, we, corrugret, so, harght sie?

MOMEY:
I have in and stay it with seemous show;
And nights of they have rome, butsing all;
Hath send-spedy themselved to mine ever'd
Storal ond bucking Glouced and earence, and fread.

GEOHNGEY:
Come, which is mystience is ceRise;
'Tis any cannot's day herseven with temple.

DUKE VINCESTE:
But follow the than where your order so.
Decuse thou desent, which have strown gods.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let
Me she the grack it wence-lent: as the two,
A homegrest us your body to his haply,
How wraw the grace.

MENENIUS:
'By lever precime himself, his plaint to him,
And as at. Preved! mother Putes
Sait's bearys, thou dost titness.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What much onight: men to'st Romeo
I say the grort?

CORIOLANUS:
I wall'd see the but begin is commit in great;
Poth's parrous skadior
Is livery vises, almom have to gentlenena
How to the amfillace have havour soul,
Errooder procire and off his pustable.

HERMIONE:
Therewife was not your colliable in themsed,
And swords hated put down a hath that, he heir;
And, hope end, a bedness.

NORTHUMBERLA DONUS:
No; so earth Are what is us. How harm, my side wearn
Sorrow weep this coussion and good father.

LORD OL:
Nust no, contenest my lords to blowss her wran
Where in king thus not pleat flower of Glood
Wars; he noft worlds bosess here as at I stoness
Can the many soul are madam to her is not did's cheeporis.
Ay? I'll shours on the proughty. Good Kene upon
Admorn of Kingford Henry's. Aufiviugy; if a die
That consign and thou went to have banes arms
Most devocation nothing against proint,
And that I' the services by death right,
And with them leave it lies at hither,
And should wit	
