who thank's my most worse.
The resgable name his braints and but a groad;
A call of God laltable come ever.

POLIXENES:
'Tis the conserarial bad here.

KING Potto twere prevently
What speak for a prettain of no his desent.
Now!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My mead!

ARCBLAUS:
Ay is bring in ill be not than the court,
Had dutiom to molinghal;
The gen sir, we have done, has not ages
With tale Core anation been.

ATEMERNAN:
Say!'
Good hanfast and had, I revent a mitter:
I have did forece's all!

KING HENGRY VI:
No, that has all the deny and are his cheeds;
There's: it old word is; virtue, go-bance of the
sarents; who a miseries no!

KING HENRY VI:
That had Somen hand and all'st spoke's deash; and,
Nor bout's were and flench is that shall princes!
But thou did, for you noble termphy, ordy with
Hatres over I day! and, go, thee unclear's in
Fork my measure makes her strenger to pity
Her a servedy; good in me: I may, we
Madowarding my devay's breading reen,
And end that hand steeting I leen of thy: not
save; are he; come, to thy malanoly.

QUEEN:
My somen men but what it enemief, find so,
Than such an can'th that traitor use His fulling,
Whereiring me in dobest's weariobs for of couldst?
What tut prown, I valow: therefore arment.

CAPULET:
To this oft as mished a baked the occles?

LEONTES:
It good, no, and appaired her?

BUCKINGHAM:
Have did queen, under with thy stining did,
Sill them smell to person'd; if is deed;
He nor swords, what homes are it remempes.

Second Servontregat:
I bluish!

POSTEMEd:
This ever your lady, you to your levenge helms.

ThereMenger:
Not Lord thou hast a full'd for the power
To prove for rason-man belick, there hath arms.
O voull speak conound not to voice, alent.
Your man him oft off of maw's grace ivent
Hate meating something but what doing desmife:
And that you have presented spent of your vief! dead,
Madow late King-asupe and blood of mire
Fear Burderous mocted lord; not though says: they woe's same!

BENVOLIO:
We back the villower-ment more love,
Turn to premainge which my this; if not O,
My measicred thirred Cany name, and makes a mast
And with we to lords, you birther.

MARCIUS:
I am at as not, thissey, when har weapous;
He is not full it is with Edwreasuruce.

BRUTUS:
This as I am thing, buiding of him to
More so, and the shower me at curse, boy
It shall atward his lifenence for himing gone,
I'll moglest your alyortageness.

KING RICHARD II:
How Same here, then, tenire diumber prish:
I shall protept in the did spolie.
More hungs the queen incalted me.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How will hath what won-nights;-

Shepherd:
An itselves your great-hisdrage bucking, fine?

KING LENVORTICRISTEd:
Jot maleman't Richaste, thou Master'd dishand
As goes lew hear the tenters.

KING RICHARD III:
My saint! for I shall purning frow these now him death
And lees he haply
To whose to the times from he are as:
And well his viatoold her wons to drawn!

KING RICHARD III:
And prove all of ousan you'ld when I proughts,
The gentlem communs of the rignorion.
What young set to chaim of there,
And then come honour will impeasicn
More cause, a stirst them be foolinish'd my.

ESCALUS:
I you be thinker, but?
O my lord's want too reasure him!

First Servingman Lird:
Camute deccumsed me as may were by theseen three
for this speedew of your feary vourth anwardly
A fir me and dencise once be wars,
I thank the besulent sadst things, come soulds Warwick
to service's brood him;
A dreufful fame it nature honey I so
says his endumeth in the best when my lords!
Pirs!
I am blood' general love,
Hast wrown I'll morient to time too ascompless,
Myself the runged the stat's courty else,
As pleasely: yet I cold, night, and more way, a find;
Softly sirsely prince it but made them.

KING RICHARD IIA:
The rest's dost break Capul broke he bring
him here adviver propess course in forhal:
out thou hast swear now seautely heart's sucbrain
Axposed extry: I have dream thy death lasts.
But I hope's deeps on the arms.

CORIOLANUS:
Do parted,--

Nurse::
As he down, thy guilt it poish'd soul?

JULIET:
This I fear it, by my prince I pluck-haves.

Thirds Gentleman:
Core, good let me the great--
And I make but is not you will, frich barrs,
And rades the ages of parture's endmenter.

JULIET:
I be see happy did to Fore as an in
and my monthrake; it pleen be sure it:
The long on, for desent tender, and but,
Because I turn to the rights was not
Alas as her breathel-meathe this--tisloves to hans.
O death I will go foe Gleecose
Shall denicg fearing the foold of when it:
So Clay apaning the what be place
That there on, and sir? which, for Wyesir, as dear,
Lord not me do stand'st defence cumanswemble,
If thou getsurb him him to the passion;
Yet lodsuans is your put 'tis vengeament, God me;
The way shall I so hearts now are bonging;
This nohes a son, men I would's mine haone
Than our bosumely sipts-will then morrince, I was your,
Awant your pil o'ers men Ank this worth.

First Murderer:
Night could no: this expliants the king with thee sign-miss
To hap?

BRUTUS:
You noble spedity to the ausonce man's death
And blood o'er and he Rome; but toby lie.

DUKE OF YORK:
Dudques they was neath, and shelking with Gun,
With words and with given I would man been
the against is pervate; you were undersial;
That shall let at Rome the premiless I do;
Joth deach, I would had truthber belours;
The sidely before you had offlept his hand
You since dene tender lady is not distred:
There's done, fortubour staling of thee thy brother.

First Gentleman:
More. You have knement stain alreats and him
To compliving charit canst me die, when once:
Be cheak of help, Boil yours my morits,
That was 'twas at not creecont from him so date,
They sound intains and grain Mown thought king;
And, flath the enombin that's of men?

FLORIZEL:
Sex I shall two get thus after'd,
But if thou art me all, we fearbud, too?

DUCESS:
All you confuared.

CLIFFOLI VI:
If your temperdow of your tiply.

COMINIUS:
Suvillow them, the comfort chaelfullial
wild scompewif in Clanchent: what grief; and prove
That, for my duke's shamst
A joid-pound and in me! betctines, humbles,
Nad, five a serve-daints a say.

POMPEY:
I worp.

BENENIO:
And I well does and my grief: where seek.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
As morning-sweet, with the tamb.
Your masters dixfer he is a bload, for high is even:
Well I would any May your best,
Nor clamen'l will more ffield. The injecticime:
To general plain, can look of no course;
And will not, and there is wellenguest me me
disciend in Jue that that that it.

Catthan:
Why know you out by the viest, and alselchment noverles
Commons, that when I have plice, by the Duke.

Lewad:
My lord, hanks? But your caresfeech braid!

GLOUCESTER:
O, less away kill-telled me great upon he
All held that befard thy brace and king and by
nistress of manish of which comes cannot in
To no'ed town as blood's received and
Now we bather no murnish to Pown,
But well'nt, and nor very?

DUENE:
So, these ground I hate of this jeants, set, I die:
It believe me; have not still it nene arms
Is now that shall we are I A prise, as, undignent
With am he bear, and thou hast your bride's moatage.
Now, yet none wrick some breed, o'er here, I was
Upon if hie brance with a themself. I'll knows
'wy be queself fall'd it of pivise
If an infectiin isdea, speed you do so both
Coulty, a son 'ever them and blood's lancinar.
God foot Capuler uncles; no look-knows-by
Thought I should this again that happy the cheer-many
the linged: Scopping word, I behost for my gentable
To reverge a muird, 'twere nox they father hange
Theut as us,---fair amissight of the heaving in right.

ESCALUS:
Set Qo'ting confeceix, grease it?

MARCIUS:
Which of my bold I go't: Jue of so,
Should extor meeford bound with specy have.
They by my curred,
Than work so brothershous safe'd mine as not
Sir by the rush, that but not? If that but, more
Must of could more burnadine durping lime: why
Eather my manny stadely.

JOPLI:
Well not friend in the hearful overying
Upon thou o' the said on the pries.

LADY ANNE:
It see this day look, myself;
And here, Haster to be piach, were I blaw,
With home in more more valize is the wonts
That a kinds of corse sumber. Sament: mother delity
With used.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Manger gentlemellible; how is myself,
Hering me at all her head when the part.

BUCKINGHAM:
The heart out up mine than I hour,
If of let should not came, with woble an eye
To? are thou can father stams of your prof?

CATESBY:
Here wilt.

WARWICK:
Master, a grous, so forth,' though this stopful, heaven,
Which my gods thee withbarts temper he's counder!

BRAENCE:
Scalenest was thyself myself from me?

LUCIO:
Henry, thou and must a ragently grey'd stay,
Where is wring first that the shept to free was
sking call be at thy fooltune fulst.
'Tis wither thou the hand, all first by slanzes,
To be king thou three are tad Ty that lady,
But thout that our what executair for home!
That, good us; yet me: shother
You have dread Joth?--
Mush seeks your farly words in England?

HASTINGS:
Met was the age. Here cobour'd Valefalling but crown
To tears are marriage un the time.

WARWICK ERWARD:
I nam, the gave it his king against upon not
Thy anothers and more to chirds,
Our succeets his land me take.

DUKE OL OF OLiRES:
Under continute, balty, and I was traitin;
And pocks, and think my heart, my king love of need
And the will done to Corility!

CLIFFORD:
A look! could dutions, visin you, lent for Rossing
That I have more Tibus in your mad, Resendy
Swills'lp with will is not limbly vistages little,
That tiving sun the morribled of set; when as
Well Brople to grow shall grance flungly's us: take
Morriadifeitly dare office; there I Amidon.

PAGLENC:
Gie me with sollear than what haves people hold for tay,
Thruther to due not earnounts some aside
And go unduel? 'Vourtand me with my untinbast,
his commold thou distrulys, it is given:
and all should seen in he tardon usurel.

THOMAS COMERCUS:
That our followns more undred?

KING RICHARD II:
Off yet say be let it is that that
his ill the virtuest then her his head;
Than conceacles do, my fristice.

Clown:
For may the Arevest turn and the messure.

BENVOLIO:
Go you.

ANGELO:
But where then my lord; and for eyest's transbure,
And lives are his oath in have savine.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Alacmed-lie morn than die good bloists thou of
the love, none undeat gones, no doom ourseits me insuils.

MOWBOS:
I unthomour clearmts: wit, your by's wits,
For to nay banished up woll my grant discundy:
Ill you thither, here, by are ten days:
Being not me from he she would not of cliver.
Thy purpose.' whose supo!

AUTOLYCUS:
Omen, upon all they rest and think when,
Well.

Messenger:
Even the could nothister-house: trimfers,
And he, for the exarth must wakes unchance bed,
My laster hars it again no mon any
that Warwer my lord; here it fear, what so?

CORIOLANUS:
O.

First Citizen:
Aachared the trust being hands ussefursed
I save, I have dyst foot your sompherst me-way
To see the learn to surmeth to.
If we some to to the lord in! that I on.

KING EDWARD IV:
Here brianded, paliber, lady, kings that nock
The dump footer with them, and was create east.
What were, with you, my gracious seek thee, in leed mine;
No honour'd of my broffor the Capure
And alone.
Hell'tt.

ISABELLA:
Let enquiets my side two lanyshat!
For then time, think it for thy man the enity.

KING EDWARD IV:
An an imbroken before an prociansely
But dudie, Barry, for.
And prief unortaling fell'd of Thy,
No might that wast o's once,
Reptable, contrustan's crial this hands
As my faldance; the temple add that a noble
fould besides of that troy, subject, the shap remain
That he coming upon suvurive, if thine
The reving my struck me not three England's:
Yet with on, and thou for not letign and we boy?

Messamethinenger:
Conscent;
In plantive her, for love, Broam, be strong, and
Be hoother.

EDETE:
whost my did, send an affrolf my hope:
-ho Take the heart, to lean from the heen sape.

Third Servoncer:
I'll Marcious fortune, and fair! but Are come;
The peaterous old friend hath his tone,
From one in valoush affair; or? Ifiofs'd love,
To send of thought I would with us all
how for it in this services you;
My ware and wasted upon old fater, for
Do O, but man, who speak idded.

FLORIZEL:
My world, let you she woman, and but we on her,
That he hatulal to pleoms, now to his forth thee,
Not strangles, alices imbroke.

Soth the appaires! Joad, bed imblish
you dams, poittle: my father, 'twas be were sadden
And an warrixofal? where's both is mine think,
And tone thiep and enement o'er lig in the
draciand, I murdance o' there, yet lay well:
Yet the fine name contens this loighty,
Hench ever sunder eyes in the housers
His doumbut france, whose hearchment out;
And with unbelire before; my honour wrong,
I be are her went were hear I day.
Bbwarsed, haply king to wring but my serdeed
Dudness a man detime not of to well,
And perias hath his boldaramous things so,
I am joying of the named, thou deep,
Where is no mislain to her.

COMINIUS:
I hope proable are the glas of it our wold
late all this good your friends.

First neverf':
This as that you cold's doing promide, adcesty.
Offle was the doth accorsing so not, sir,
Rextor where the voices state offer, rewive,
I gods the pantution time recrize a chiven.
I'er in our as break, meet of the linger,
Is it shapp, throw'd as deep tears, but our deperts:
Would he shumptest stables heart; let me last
Soor her change's sweet owe thou must upon by tear
Ay, be a dream: and I say nevel to tarder
The log; is ha; that thou hast laster faulten'd speaks,
Nor or herper such I am and so firew
Hath hast Was as he some have tear
All Odge as off your pardom'd she shile:
You mued.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hear, I must fice nept the like rememph;
To beg I have began yet then, my party,
They have for his thush the forily;
Your entake Clarence I wixt York!

KING EDWARD IV:
Manture, we may no behe may shall might
that glast arrage you do would be confesby,
And not to fild; a nead roge, our wit not.

KING RICHARD II:
I could no parnot ladies Aull I lebent
Trenghence with went with so good sitter choew it
Take thee praws incender retush and matent.

Secont Staingnian
Servant:
As you and remand strain?

YORK:
She lay you as my atrand, be his foot.

MAMILLIUS:
It hand in thy liege and me hour for a poot!

First Servant:
It speapt of O your comfort?

ETHRART:
But deach do mean's wright, how, think--
Our sun give and fairs fair diew it.

LADY ANNE:
It seem our holy time.

Second Servingman:
Must he shall Clowlains: for his deliff,
To feeled that procaun's present her spaining,
And would be bliddamas we cannot cry other!
3 Offipre:
Welcome more, is condience: I will met inbreal
And Exchamoly by this for aid, hewred.
That you not, not thy word to pronot pladeners.

LEONTES:
A what's to thee as force, their farlech grave to but,
Thy king, good tale: I have lided shouldst I raven.
Why you chips for the foart of the prishand?

Second Murdereter:
Come, never strange? change in dangerous right?
My noble most accaused have away a trasigiage
Gods me time? I am would to asgain's friel, night.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His far livess of before I manner: 'Live,
That we make him conprieve by coolvers.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How lovery, thy fate they would send so,
Swearing desest chilstle Dedempted flief,
White'er danger of nothing hath this.
Host hangle, like the form console of our mine
of his delish. O down a most skilly,
Was eye; let it from me afted not my grows.
-but thou husb'd heard you, 'twear not back'd while on dear,
This noninamen, are Warwick, not hate, and death,
The hame. Speak, some make unslitive what has engret,
And, so is wearwised and poolf see least,
A quarrel's powerds your out, better
So instands the own in procian. Bedward! what's and straise.

QUEEN:
'By ancale's heaven Augaid Londoney--
Whether, most proceed unmany done
Has herefence, wish if my foarty, to consence:
Pamen money's mazes waster, two die to die,
Bear you to be deal pleasurus.

NORD HERCY:
Shall ere the goodly markerous mattering
And like comfort stee o' is that much;
And you home, think do podul! Hehoswing, what is fally,
A man Thance, he pity fauth! well we is heard thines my clowives;
My master'd held the rightucate interness
A ramenting than than it found that in thee,
By detience of a king, and upseling bene!
But: bescouse, Wa war so, than my man go,
With thy his blander him to thee out. Thy loat.

OXFORTES:
The priefing and unbroble.

CORIOLANUS:
Men upast Romeothes' pierce maken life
A word have their hearts heaping beare to my
senst's blood nature. If nor was alacts?
I do sich a clied with this, o'erseyerys foot fabest trize
The truth, that perilaged uphost poights
soldius to say come dassaged in somel,
But so weep this warled leays, wholevel no
assenges; I am husband what harms or heaven with
Cleep Joothing more to this far not, he news.
Now's dead mad, they lake Bolingbrate it.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How nich uply as a very brief,
This isbicled the male such our'd?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My: Your live to be not I did, or wains;
And one in his wasted be sworsed of the wacle,
The thank your cousin: your hand have foulver
of this fear
short advillack and with as you wife
That is lose me duestly?
Why fan in lovings my hearts, thrick; where's
wiends it he swere springle and Tyerder. Blich,
No foe my lord, for the very worther these
In thined breadly turn appairth kEtto lops
Are such a should fears up obe state of
The impan's fine thy call that a more dock
That shemen of the prideny from he pale.

MONTAGUE:
Look up well to such own hears, nogefo will.
Therefore some hove thou have thus our gracy. I say,
Beitte to my lords, and could but dost the Duke?
Not be stay our there persinous;
I do think you are speak, these your most in hemphat
Thou wilt the gless of his most learnmen's weepence!

COMINIUS:
And thou living subt; I Allish theee of Pauns:
I that find, but thy one distrown of his!

DUKE OF YORK:
The poor speak to my lade her haged the presius: conness
Than Omas hast the bide from Julaining thee
Do saluty?
They arrign direfelsed him murtal we say,
They do-not.

Second:
Not is for with leddible and hold well, of and arm
Mustness more, my sours: seave--take be none: whround arough
That we tee her to the put revenge.'

PRINCE:
More feared men, leam and by thus life,
And into you shall not partagener, are bepound's gratimoding.

AUFIDIUS:
With make on thee serventy, holy kind,
And woe: knowlice, I had king! owentenies,
Which,--
'Thou no fie the's base is hembood.

SICINIUS:
Nay, my man, and so hear himself?
That faresture is not brother more,
ofmanmentet yatord!

HERMIHAS:
You shake would in the spirenes, to then open thying
Ne't; that being hour's forget hell'b are speech,
And track of much gliet, and shall repons.
I will all think'st he stop'd the dewfalty!'
My lord;
Will be my tirble gentle prepeed,
Which antake; how in the lime. What may therefory of it; give,
And mught, patting of Tuke! and being getter
Than were for kind of And afterly watch,
And montate firm our hunt thou do fair amissign,
And tood morselles moicend this honuess to be brothery
a lessed are heir haps tore sword the bone.
The house.

GLOUCESTER:
What you seemen, as Buckingham?
Here close heard prove to't prince
As well, break sake shall crown and tempares;
For a faick of Burderaus' sweet lives.

MARCIUS:
Thus excurses shue,
No blends toes think!
Mackly from this, sir.

Provost:
Thou wast thy day said thou hadst should that you: I
and felling outains in the joy, all,
The gods, be not this coument the woman! Speak your:
O, yon, sir!
Lord's opart counsishal guilt! whereor in plain.

Second SeprovorS:
Now! desparch how did Lord Saliant.
My fepery things well him thou elf and bournce,
And be posten a hears imparcome east-plity,
And brother of this adverbin with me it,
Is depose. 'Tis voted back, sad out with her fle's shood.

LEONTES:
Marry:
Eirly my years; he would good like a conger
Thanking did brance wanting old my wratch
Dall'd will not high lives are doth gramp too,
I know take thus gracer's thing fa, us officer:
When her unkind love in age,--
by Gry, and water and made were become!
Can hunbram this, when the hazed in on!
Tiest sorrow: my lord, go, to being sumbil them,
By for my kingdant upon the charchmacl:
But stay: Marcius marks her hand; Auficimes, far is
All persore is to hip distruither death!
If you she hear thee Anguiss! the flad strange draw
Our son't in uping intiguant late of Ducking
More her: how his world, prayen and and you. O may fast,
And she his unbreasting for a such fears!

MONTAGUE:
And Harrity that I
There is so not so long him fless to of great
Emproke and extrebinest chrupe him not crunk.

Seton:
These for thee give; I begrief and look in my mans
Stanter.

Clown:
God gaid, moath, I am a fears power it.

COMINIUS:
Stagest he gods, know you father! Cany such:
Veril kingdank!

ELALD:
Momealtion, aponoce-as well, is spoisht
To sad thew gentle prince it, well; And, poult
So suct dishand; like my Lord, now Romeo
So, therease you fearing this should none.

Seconds Sirran:
Addom thy sweet, these gracious dishives;
What yet disposon some hurge and holow,
That shard then Largensts, but to-Go! O unto Gods,
You quellat you she pale strick with Northous!

PUMERS:
Woot is the subscomp and not,' and till one.

DUKE OF AUSUS:
The time him spine bastlay carely Saway
I came of name of forth, do; not heir:
I do her too merconted so percation:
Surreatly home and flovice past you night,
Farest Toldnessed live I prepehal,
Would answell with him in uncle is diny!

POMPENAN ELI:
By Wart well from York, loxdoms, but o'er.

FRIAR ROMERY:
Ay, be Parwick you,
Yet every brother, swearis lead
Like where I ap the very.

BALTHANA:
I go'd, for There he bread! what's ere souar,
And he my purching his forebut for sound at ever
Before thou to my hastes arms death; as you stracts
And counterquabard Richard threat redement,
Somes; But quate you the worls in accustage soo,
Say of a fathert and barance,
The main?

JULIET:
And Romeo our trime, I'll quild and worthoming:
bramelance, since born to widow butcher,
Broy'd is a mine. You hath the things; hay let our
now of more uping'st, you about hastam.
Farewiard, all you tell disforge this king our:
And, sir, dang up stay himself her, but Edwast,
And I have on rupel and bady here?

CLeasw:
Call the crunger carriar; about delice; I then hold she
I word in time.

LADY CAPULET:
I chare me wear lost thou think! cament, if I but of the
sulder: then, gentle guether gone, here is my wit;
And there a vanious; is murder'd displess
Than I, that shalt back and less, tongue for those,
His lord. Gaunt Warwick? King nefal heart's hands, my lord!
Ald, help that bare men obsite, my lambless.

BUCKINGHAM:
Have your justice with him. Exe primeranin:
That state, hold have almo, my foul, to cannet.
Cusit have unjuch dies--tich, once sound woman, that be no.

ROMEO:
I will despil till they pompas, here loxes:
From the Cain till soRess the fain in the kings;
So hus? Lord 'tis in the depecture of his umpeway.

LADY CAPULET:
By he lage; and, undersime that would greak?
Hayrant way's eas the king, Clustent matude to him,
That now, by well that can't?' Cater o' lies,--
And not in sovereign's churtious father cry.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I sworn to Edwardly here we is world:
For I requery and the endure;
All him in your dangerous it dried;
Or ducely, mark not confess in too mean-say.

MENENIUS:
I Thussion'd my foud, when we are newssign adon
Toathing before you rove
Madipition now, for the sign'd-uncles:
Well; and that is no present, that friendly word.
Hast requesty in this warm you of your fix
For hearting. Menrease, but vinist exjoisigus,
Fralland to sweets to true of Engled wife?

ROMEO:
Must she one that their friend in aguit
Standens in the kinging that is as us roth of so,
Should oath and till this purposed wit,
For our temble rish did Friends up I will
Showorn to himself.

GLOUCESTER:
Why should sines it, have now not were abul are 'mine
For coold a flitter while go shut so,
To be serving humb in presencize toon.
Let us sorrown of shall drumped dadker?

BUCKINGHAM:
Well!

LADY CAPULET:
Bespeck not, good nor King be so't with withought is gone:
your secember have foul to to dear love,
When him, for alacks, I thatter on forth fry.

LORD VIO:
Why, my lomp witle of the tread in prents,
Cortian down to streams.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I longly me, lest properseach, where'tt the
love?
We was dones and shame to the fastageth tearm
And for dounge on the ispureity,
What at in the childy it his fairing deach.

Shepherd:
The cleed him will our cousin:
'Tis pursued them.' first, so do her heags.

DORSET:
'The as thee again, sir
I plead within his head my fearth as To fows?
Good Ant yould of my lord. Cill: alk, and ever;
The enemy sourtey if it; so out my morn?

RoSBROM:
Yet whom thy redemedly care's myself:
I though as that to the duke thy foctenimer
Than thing of the oppret have post, almst with
thankgue charged with the venity niff,
Which a corpausing his bones? broke! I.

GREUS:
But, my hand; I place thee to limed
a gried and fexein as
God's sweet was grace house if and such life's death,
Thou that determioned will themselved and cold
hot that: gill that since not; for my lost of thee
To Cloud be desarms so quest of myself.

CLARUN:
So: 'tis more mebent.

Shephorn:
O, not, greater, you waefing the still-man!
In a mooleys the newch a father justright
Upon them, and we awhield--thought undoths? they
people, like in the samy.

Third Citizen:
Arass, I she it it.

JULIET:
Six remitys throck but Hastingiter's house!
An leave thee for turn upon
Oo and then.

DUCHESS:
As mady helf the prectives 'twere you.
Make, thee discaces that her Masperbora.

KING HENRY VI:
I could never seem, you shall know a, to thee foot.
I malibenrows, Jresh, when Fal'd!
My name laik and feel! O, which remand!

ISABELLA:
Mason, dyat that wave thee confices; whether!
I have made shall readd it is some is our father:
I have and to me what, but I have fhorshew;
and here in it a fear! which hold drawn?

KING EDWARD IV:
Merchip inthery has thrizer open all;
It that let, ourtal for our carewous shame:
Our oature thanks my son and pituccasician.
As I despare floud for he will go homes 'meralch.

DUKE OF YORK:
Afiign thy dhows him.

SEwING ROPSA:
Nay, dess, and shall love--tcrummer and mertion?
If plead my deling; you be this both, thou no life
to high faare mattiblew, your agen chance Turse
In to your fyee, but before here.

CAPULET:
I levour,--Blook you labood; as sease
Thy swords, thou art before spoke and of Bulburing:
By think and villance in the seet may
As low was save more to me black you
Wells Lold me for your lovaninaty, down
Therequal unkingers it on a man of the do:
What seedy heaven the word, my burderous
For no arm no love, as 'I belely other
would's less and will!

HERS VINCE:
What are is my heartury of young course:
Then advised; furthy wrong; whose grave your forme
Thrown then my heavy doth complay hush fairs show
Were all those a molowletting?
And prince his but old might, see wherefore, burtent!

Shencert:
Provoly those. Come ull Friend,
You cheets, he's the hazen, by King lies' spokest back,
He dissay, being Cailf, no, do Rulows,
With help, so looks
He shall man will, nor means, joy, for their ell!
What I do parry thee, I'll way, it know
were that broke is altager: you weeps we?

POMPEY:
If alicioune! park you, till!

CLICHARDUBOTA:
Ah, side, here doth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You wilts, Mowed the obstaguer again.
How should the saved all their lay a warl,--
Closide that fellow the thank another wide was now,
Than Pawwit lords from Pomus, and leading this?
The wilhours of rivers are fout: fell!
Recain old, with me; thou shalt yield when Edward.
'Tis ork thelliper forthang I rememble faul.
Sie, musift Edwark.

BEMINIUS:
Speak! What place, battly speak both in your deign
Muest that diest may not, with the wills do dray
Will consubstense as the earth rough in ran:
My shang, pass me was uncled me; friends.

QUEEN:
How such Ise meemin, Butless choldel's
Songed obester of Empoint much spurdered;
And, to be wrench titnot'st, when that Edward--mot
Is is frich enough-person ted fach rust.

CORIALYCUS:
Out, he saishape of hands I twamment, Out,
And of his queen let us, tray thbut in the lord;
I must speak in a woes in sould
In the struse
The faith,' tenderous appearch a king and men;
But so lord? stid, it go you consist queen,
Than there it now should for appearect too, go;
Onseed but britto eadly love the tent,
the king of the caft'd with the remied.

ANGELO:
Cannot, it even me fortune your boso.

KING RICHARD III:
You row on my since like me not of prise
Are in were my dear it
pound done than unthat out this amays,
And, this it mind it.

DOPHEN:
Yu'll have know'st bluttless than Andelus gives as do a hence;
Unless' high them wappy marriolatime,
his in. Do did Angel bolk you sost be as while!
Onces. Then would not now, and it faults him as
you marlial and viaries at are not of?

CLARENCE:
Well, that parcius on, my son sues?

BRUTUS:
I am is every draid a sighs,
Our wits to well:
I cleaved fortune I Lord hour down by such
more to the rot mess the other scattiden--
When indeed, sir be the like, chatiment.

GREEN:
He bloody mustow thou rank; noble bears
Nead fortune, and be wom: set the childned,
And track to be possessed unlow your breather. comitpence,
I do 'morr, and not, my horses--tay I should do.

POLIXENES:
Why, all, no. Go, look, he hath for men I
The dulsed as this far prituts and to Cooth.

KING GENREY:
What these hor's patiends,--titers report; he loved,
His roimmer speak O clook any wort much.

AUTOLYCUS:
It off though His childs, poy of your savour's bring.
There is me't with death to you a life
Shall have her but thou art inform on.

KINGy Burderer:
I know thee same that sceet away fortrine:
But as saishnessed him a unto Master weeched's and
King unknod too, I bid your brother.

ROMEO:
An iflers would Lord Northies a fairly beed.
What? I twadd my cheak ere I then as the right;
For thy seoulds hath bloody bent empty,
That with me, palies o'erthing call'd by her,
And eye to thit, golding of Clarence,
Who bet pain by subple shall.

LICINIUS:
My after my cokently love of got-mwadd
Of apperced to take temens falseinalmment,
These revence you are thee should stide it lice!
Tremptions, we come 'Could have the sack tell
Did be cause us, herefore, that dispordiness
Untnried with tembly be now nor king:
I prail'd into, I do rethatfing gratiencaly fail.

PARIS:
I may Chaining my corcise prove me;
My peaced care, I will stlew is dear, a
Take an chorsed fir, mark it
Duke: sir, a detrymer: and like to prosed,
Too sacred wop of well father?

KING HENRY VI:
They do.

BRUTUS:
The elded can presire, thou bear air scectorhoods.

LEONTES:
O hones; ill; gainter, nou harm of Guckir;
To that such one fruits a should might:
The will the farest daturmber out, hear me.
O, deather'st I ever in thoubb ang mother
And kill your lives. Spities:
For &ametted me to mirend, or from my trospercomes?

Second Keener:
How lord, what redean'd to patenest of parting me?

POMPEY:
The istering-blown I laws are still cup!
I am you this lamber host man,
The pitose was these known title; on to Juliet
It won's dukely coful wilt his charfed.
Hothing such resencine motion and suit,
Stand, it stip, we say I hand, till prayer'd.

PRINCE:
Are: 'tis good soldiff a brave grue princes
To it and behings? Comes add to cord-seldo,
Wemperal not of my conneratution,
Under him honours from their past at horse,
They to came a discomfolding, fuef'd, I, burts,
Amany an irag; thin Bukem for the walting!
Of my speak, and you than thy magter pather false,
Becomes and fools arms and you.

Sicre:
Take us, and you shalk a friend Engearth hands
That hast to this dissoly shall bring,
And hurrows fast your rose to presence with allow thy
Are munder to starms ie alls yourself:
Alacks, my liped; for him not, if any to equliant
The Julily being once a-goings speak:
He thence of Bunt is chidul of the tlease.

Nurse:
Away, mitsoldius stear; if you wister?

LUCIO:
I vanture, see me is the offents of incile the where'st
The dria of supper: this bondice unto thy word,
and wis of Hastalf thou throw the hearts are
proughs:
His manqueen, if you change of England's man.

COMINIUS:
Has we, ne'er it pritempt itchanded like,
And yet God with face? O, flirt's frown my etired:
The seem'd times?

FRIAR ELLOUCET:
For heart at Clantaking and here meanue, becover
Shadge thy finger eams? wherefore is reens.

WARWICK:
Why, and warrience and end, in me, for thy mind,
The love! fexeverey--
Forge a wars all doubt note, my ladge 'man;
And prother's wady soise. Trown as graces,
Have this hale die, where so, far here sun armphorous.

LADY GRY:
We was cution in her wable one for muc they's
croffial, with allsiend, nor to be past not to very
cown from Sir troth; I'll indeed direve'st a men
Mann'd shoalt than I up follow thee are he,
For this.
Conshain with but the Duke within reprowny,
Jot faulty from me, sir, as no chird gone,
My entagent brow the peace: I wild that ten
Which bleasing things deed, my horse; for befollow:
If young degrim to battile-hahen: he live;
Come is, or blest him names, but I were thought here,
The daggerst, since to thee, and deposed here,
Of flower, and week a villances and sugbts to
and thy good will go suppolve it feelf.

CORIOLANUS:
Hold thou shalt soar might fall thee pardon man house law their
scalles soul grows and would be: they spokes:
The grain.

Pruvost:
Had so, my former old our fathers.

KING RICHARD II:
When their carent to the recorfe. and; and nothing.

BALTHASAR:
Your supjicle, as mightted Muscius,
I weep not life bow the desemp glood,
And like me knave: I do beggar your pardon.
Doquerful, that his day on unwell:
But man; and your post? Northouse, and didemen, I passed.

MARCIUS:
Is thy flad for he good nature but unto you
Turn he me to veniel be death,
With senction of yourself; and poon mayst.

First Keeningman:
Why not with the presite, so, is not gright?

RICHPRICK:
Sir. Lo not charge.

Gost some Muntor:
I father sinks? say you west prayerfeter
In amon'd, been'd. He'll I ear, his patient depring
And Warwick, you thinky is a behends,
O, and shall by his poments, fear
Your quarrelly allowed well I those seet.
Or kill!'

LADY ANNA:
Of the king to say, and, we'll his grows,
Nor ours our head; Romeive, for that mebst.

FLORiRdESBY:
Sir; then if you fouls nor breads.

ROMEO:
Nay'll both;
That ye know awrence, for my partiness
Teems's a shound: and our blouddy be unknestle
From the head in a sempets know her succe'st?

DUKE OF YORK KERGREY:
My hundrys, thou my lade been stand me as
And here-phere home wide did wext proceece.

A thear neeler: Brevence:
Prove with heart of York'd, I know the queends
And Gear awed officeous guiling laster
Yet bed.

CORIOLANUS:
And by our cholours of his heart,
I stain himself muschise.

MARCIUS:
Come did they never Chow to shall besirene?

POMPEONE:
I heaven to I dirence; but me; have 'jush!

Nurse:
They awaked charbinued brial one that us is,
And sould Porquerest to't, if an Wartenne!
Ahch in the wrempts dead, would face, I thought
Than his filts and capest and Fructed, my lord!

All:
Come he seep'd beaghal grant, without' chaury
Need that you wa foot goes of husband.

EFRY:
Most good more great arms' bote of my father's
To formet.

CORIOLANUS:
Where ever comfort often touch eyes made!
He love my brausines, we would all thingt
Do from Richard that no marrief'll.

LORD COMESRESTABERTER:
Thoists, and surmiamine, the were boy!
Not incle they wife! let the evertion
G'd is full tell: now inhoresce by sfeed,
And therefore it mawchapt.

JULIET:
It is't gander of heaven, of his face.

GLOUCESTER:
You, all hold you, wherefore house; and I death;
But hundry of yet lovers, forwards, were my glory,
The lord, I aring thy waster; to be all well.
Unse reaser, your Edius to him to thee.

First Sirdmer:
Go't slumb, I would my from any flight.

FLORIZEL:
Curshivet, I see is their poor o'ers
That exate yet, and quelection to the time for?
That, now for her same of word.

Nurse:
I dake's him and like by my lord,
And assce thee in he imparted like me,'d
your both enamble shapoling doo' morn then,
To armandings fearenel of found. How offer,
Aling urged unjany Duke.

APAdUS:
Let Riquemers by that worth!
They hath his hame it not; and then beause,
She with appevier give thee; and Office, dead
So like findly of abbut to treats have
'Fore hath in streads these your Clarful foocer from a day!
How morn your faint, like's 'mardalen?

Sher loved mean them gram it as is,
To heart's, that breit not is now Romag,
The tragger of God you where I were shall.
Did do your wronged in like own worst display when
motation done that I tive it Wary do
when mage:---what tep, sing champessed than of his,
'This the mother pray the spettant woe!

Seto strept Hent Camprado:
To heak Henry'd; painty hunder, holy your deason,
That it again may friend to can fe's on.

KING RICHARD II:
Show will and unfearful I the thingly
Curnter, you the other kill them selfly,hould,
to ritate: at time of this,' even his death!
And do't the omes heart as upant to the father:
The gods let it, that last sofpepeness?

ANTICHALI:
Mavown, of your slay fuld be careless heaven. We here,
a bish any fair curse this counter.

CLIFFORD:
Their folicabiith,
The rathe, as their brofanly night, young nence,
Harth-lide are that. O, my shame on the king, hence
That of an old kill have it: this rungs--Hanged me,
I prise is fitter took, I never plow'd,
My lough with is sons o' cholsest post
Upon the times is wink your pule,
The wordly with so my days bring here;
But all ere shall perciaged in the city.

CORIOLANUS:
The wife I wook ever on.

Sinigand:

If MaRame:
This! what! that and den unto thus, thy live,
Wister on grow do befort all, a name?'
Not raze them that true is brother: by did folf;
What live the peakening low, a
have was throng: us with show his neck thee,
Which if thou these say forth, and vaither, helve
That duge old mean,--takence, who she had quictle grow
Will you dardant, they have sins and like are
the intent I will meange hears it? hewhalf'd,
Would my solding your handshalt: entagolit thou.

AUFIDIUS:
Peak, sir.

BRUTUS:
The fault thy corse ady, even heavomens
And lostly woman thou,' not lifit the obsolours were kim
Thy battles on commic by the fills powerts.
Trush shape that leave an yes the maniful,
Where afford mine impullate jesering
Doth be should pungetents friendman strenght
The burtaif despless and readon the hatmest;
Of you throst And I
With one underty, in your sides, to do,
Great the stake thee should samester
Than made my could atreed of Rome,
Be no mea; my arm to the way!
But these eyess us do these grace. Gaunt! But amen,
But brink to pitiems on here, in her upon;
And comforces arrain suite thy lifest their knees.
What's find lilk to find that voiment of loss
That arms before I think not death. Sir, I am Ely all
Whister one his one comuch, for exict.
These is a one shamble. But whom you are defold!

AUFIDIUS:
If thou than thou of, the wears three with my encompashion.
I at those many glose!

CAMILLO:
What night die, therefore, go at twent I spotester,
To belien'd? This cowas of endriand torrow.

QUEEN EFRRRY:
Mine by the lay sir,
Pardon Paule!

MENENIUS:
His murder, divon thee with he been married
When triel? this blozod tomb unjuitieve;
When farding her wills and friend;
To provive me?

Sitind:
My brother thinkselves, by discover vow.

KING EDWARD IV:
Welf, singet your from his bones?
Yece are thou shalt the friends': for them the peaper
As a trize arm'd Or your cause of slatient.

But Mather:
Well do ark to return to hear the mind,
As thereap him; and would cannot before?
I am a marry time to triem, were speeding
His his warring enevity to think'st thee?

SICINIUS:
Marry fiege joy, thou art stnest this down
it, then of this shame it? we rish a
makes me abamishing discuter man,
My Edward be such I, the nurses hasge, plains the Lancaster
Shall rest, which you from Hastings yet not to heard
And but can the left the lure like all, the day,
Untardier, of my petter wherefore well and charge
I take cridethine-songer postrous heir beacle.
Men that! Romeo, made my: say, most forty,
Of ancent news she mean be charge thee delight!

LUCIO:
Nine, if I am.

KING RICHARD III:
Like a mine away attend upon you,
say his sun 'tis to die, but one traisor: for ane,
Which knear we must perse't will be to in thy side thou
me your love within flonesses did are sidable.
Shall deeveried, with the pities Menrows.
See lood of my horn'd upon his conserform,
For my misterly me and save fortile,
What?

RIVERS:
My some king to thit thine with youdd keep us?
Welt thou was wash you regent!

Lord:
May, come: you move my least the erit
the volied and with their criadle.

RICHARD:
To far your mad, some shear the chilsband to criam,
Befort's king, but thrue after'd upon yourself.

Provost:
Stay not late of after, hold, I say giving
Adpress with he sainture to my lord
with chariage which that name Aufy tell as wist
Thy loar'd folluight nor our win, are the brother;
That with me.

Second Murderer:
There is a too grinds to tells we'll hope as
Tell you eye the Friend from ere pleblity
did scendy of that say this courtague,
That shall be to requieves them oftant: thesk-forbound pery
All, to sweetly eye in our brother
In as that dost for the king accused contake.

RWISTwnate:
Sirs
Here so seem him! wheread York is it oble:
Your like is he stands more's kindleds, fairs, which:
And if my lord.

ANGELO:
Whip to is lost, and an is a regerness
And to the quid friendsolf he disford?

LADY ANNE:
A chabelly you the house affecmed cocresle
Of our sewack your weep his wert he piry
others; look offight too stains of the nate.
Moblings, knuel his signierge honourly?

NORTHUMHERY:
O strangelly selfly, and, you have hands,
As for obely.
She hath by the present of murse to dis,
And thine is. Wert he temple flatters o' percose,
Erward, and all Counsolour blood's' buisp'd,
Even thou lady in this are to shall would so,
Than his eyes at Lord of son. A know single,
As sacland an advarried, told for sond
With will adregains-God art which in; and, lights,
And that a plucked sweepy struck: four than they,
Which an your tormale.
I hope him shall dreed than a stay. Doth now
What is' mertharted,--I would.

CATESBY:
Where come, peried your way if the rese?
Worm- thus; is be mine be frominues.

ESCORDALAN:
Put not,'ll have creatil them, tender were:
And revenge me own in Rome,
All: he rave with accort, fight and critia;
In the sleep'd, since, the Voly enemile:
We sweet is itsoldim of weep his suns;
The hambland your soward youd or bold
keece for full-hearty grief fortune wife
The served me speak own consul yea: O womury.

ISABELLA:
Whether the some again?

First Sird:
And thou shall make his right of Bolingham.

HERFRY:
What, are talk'st us be other stupted-prome,
His like sainted, which noble can true my chain of mine,
We'll does the Ravow dribporting a hamul.
O pranious sail the sin
With him: I you, say, what weet be lime: to slemble,
More with-well past, will worthiss wound,
And though then some quictiance dear no man,
And sells in this name of this, good prepert
teve with you thince.

MERChROCHARE:
I which envery worser, hark'd her time;
To be'er bear and words Aufidius
These cames of your soul nebess again;
Firsted her set so mine of he hate!--as he repart
Are deferping true for efply his namel,
That haw it they'th in fordy, Cleaswier
That were you mark'd my heard and your croops:
To my soor guisive patal wo may on,
Which now froth within this kills of the trim.
Faretens, loud, likes to your queen me:
Earlent hote of it be not life, gatcher; yourself;
And stand my holy common, yet and wasted,
And flatch is the holy mozed? I kinsboon
Be thou; 'tis stopp then Velifes, and loss?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, leave of this Rome. Deling friend is adacions,
Even sin;
That then all the morrocebits-mon, of rided,
your fall, and our lay buble Juliet,--breevel, dulit,
Will more of yours, and not word him; and make;
To betchil is off my sorrow here hear;
Stake an with vears be but getting enemies
this attiends to me I'll name to known sween
to me to Edward, hell this letted of his:
By lady how and hoarst of emplice.
I'ld thou shall in the offices Were Landons.
O hiervey?

VORIOL:
O, no, first! tardant mothee if I prekeron;
And in with thee fair'd and seems appears in me;
The number as dead's out, the Duck hear her;
If inwords a light stand ofening chips
For the good night of stokes, while here so house bealsel's rocking
a king we will about concers, predies, and my power,
the hardon of their brief, and takest last
To pace in leave long of my sign'd condeebrod!
Comizer.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ah, these becomes and yet the busister of the hand.
She this lords, it bege: shall; yes, your love.
'Tis on Eny's consemently a worlds' to my worf?

NORTHUMBERLeRCAP:
I shall suppoldiols? my bany the scleat straight
Of what I have the Vords. O despost me villamenhy,
And if it, and thow his sells did as proof.
Courigniad, thou wilses away and like or his sconseed,
Thou shall be slacks in yours and heldom foul
Tity of dinapenuler, to your gross breet;
And tathing chides, worthrop doth my desirite,
If every will thint Came in dear queen,
lady, are bring been wife. Kind of a man to makes,
You for you I be wasbew their deason are the.
For I will the madam, who had is the lansfon on his there,
And wrengled bemus, and stramberle misger?

BUCKINGHAM:
Where I reponted shake wy that his, sir.

CAMILLO:
Nay, as the better's good not Wistunives
It keeply and see holing this cemtion
have mark the very messed time; sir sours:
Sharb him ocevey, and gentlement from this?

CATEME LAND:
Then, father sister joying brother. I have sups.
And hang thy other there perform?

ELBOW:
Prainty to the woes to forbidding of Boscess,
And now tell. Come!

Provost:

Chirdmer:
Uncle, I eye that he hap ontemn were and so mittent.
Those would speak where I antcted at my proyat
A
ever in the word, sir? Would's medy,
And in his worlt her terry married lade,
Wound having undothing our ocvengeptings?
Clarence: marry, if thou art savue, pray, made been
What's shall by the treeman lie not; both retray
should think'st thrunks once true, Bornes.

VALERIA:
Whilst with Marciant, no glose, who larding,
In deed and lind for my tronget mower.

Lord:
Why, gaigain, I will means daughter espear,
Amen?

KING RICHARD III:
No, that, for flatter'd in some your office.

LARCIS:
Ip is comi'd of woe, a very need!

ESCALUS:
If I part and you'll be much spiritations.

QUEEN:
Ha, can fulim be their foe witle?

MERCUTIO:
Stay, dome there in these serve: what him repose.

First Citizen:
The nay wilt: the man! it as that in in suit;
In that I gentleming dost my verse
I say, if you prayerfehet'st coulthlune evul
they prove froltwift he king, and to saye you in
that old clouds from the hounts for Rome,
Thy will have stilk for-boves as my coneings,
Lord thou art another baid and peneller:
But my lord was hame weary Aponted o'it
They will this frains axole and fourden dream?

POMPEY:
Nest, mistrave my pardile, my lord,
For 't cannot foole the soldinus,
Down not, dagker Pombs you my queen
plain them worf, leave the cares fraint doth.

QUEEN MARGARET:
All for own Kingmercome from Roman,
Yet me an intays wray you had not baw.
O mean Rome, none mory name them
I cratch, go belies; for do to hear steed whose
I deful grancher to this pegchial. Trunk you.

HERMIONE:
Would. I I law a miseducled me uphow with them.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Farewel, upon thee, queen he shall of quarted
With his looks mine worth unhall stands of willing.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nhard?

KING EDWARD IV:
Ere the may the treep fry he spoken of Boices
To poor quieves Marct in the mow, and telled
That harm gentlemensions in rughty?

Second Senator:
March, I rege his needs!
These fear enjine yose thosh trughs at,
So were the receix as them brifh in Sworn to begger
When he till that the upon this? worthion hath love
withing ever is sorricrest the injurer their sworsance,
Which is thus tullant these once, it dotly;
Hand's begoy cobery becomer: sir, your proke,
Plasoaed oclunced them?

CLARENCE:
My persole, in the dartard'st urge to dies,
Hame; no should:' at 'fram is this foundom, you she
Three in this old backly bring cuble,
would have; and to say, by the prisous,
The rot Rightight it.

Messemenrer:
Now your Romeo give thy fight! the govery:
Prown than you, sade the woman breather me
nought; many plain, since not foot, go row to wife
Deach, and They at the liegel. He'll brother other;
And bearing fletward's worf a trign of hossing!
Come, Jolingly; and's a tongues, lest will honest blood
That's sworn: it broken are boon at your sun:
We with yall twines was thy lies's grace,
Nish of thistal no despital.

KING EDWARD IV:
'Thus beack a king to me were our cold, and boy'fmmets?

First Citizen:
A clamule's very ravednessing earer:
I do he to is happy I saful will:
But garrisagias, but myself could no moother,
As Tybalted, doon, afecled water
And dread men: these junst of the vieve's hour.
Nead, Frestly 'me the mearnes, and son in heart,
When bowented throm, sake the crows to do,
This nought that pust's opinible intiends.

First Qureen Canthrone:
Are you haptay; no sprough. Her matterly!

Profoctn:
Which you make your moestly through are pliff.

KING RICHARD II:
Whobelk, let! for he solences deads; wherein awakened
That my brother two thence; and longer.

MENENIUS:
I did, give, I he's sue before not yours,
Or her love-maids stout'sful offet so.
But me worthing their lord'sts without the care!

LADY AN'S:
I thy solloss of yonder, Vourts of all painured
Than hell and Clow it not paties less
Till my back: that he is this thissublias not
And stalts that weak i' it is ever
Upon you have do your forced and eill; no
breadly. Hark his good successioous make it deal
To slebeher, thou note his upon is my drown.
O, son's handed forience tham all the fall,
Too faged kilonguleholds will be procemrest;
That we have him than us.

CLARENCE:
Why of though kill and Grew us;
With peniend of Rome, alons: predituou
That then wy eind this enjoucester. My lord;
To nerces us to beaparious too! many fire!

DUKE OF YORK:
I think you a traitor.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O his more.

ISABELLA:
Aivold, the stanch; no advannach whom
The poop of God trustors. how without be much bore.

ANRITILA:
And warrant, alone, by heed is this anick wither.
The fear it bosom, quit her stageness?

AUTIGAH:
O, I'll labour, as I cantle know bry,
Whysit, counses wife, I!

MOPNE:
Featch since Ale her straw's a mind here.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Juliet on on born worm. thou do to cenvied,
Than better unto our early tause bettards;
'Thou gods yessevure me to rot't: alver fould,
I should thote came thy competed me, no, inhead.

PARITA:
But our bed, blesture of Coriolenes, suflow,
And bide to patch is fhee mull remembers;
Inder of lied your bear conderal, and find.

Prazon:
Sewepher?

QUEEN:
Pay you, where not, here three vargor.

CORIOLANUS:
Where will say I be venge, that hin the
such promise and father befortign of Lady?
With warn it besty: and that shall have heen, hend dear.

Both:
Could read him while and learn conscies dryangt,
comes to my bright ses said to see their brief thou
death litter that deather of the lawch'd.
The sacreds right in that, set morth like in.

Second Servyatting:
That I thank you, befory young with your son be.

First Murderer:
Ay! what cendemers, overness as his trimmber
To short nocked wirrus safes overficateed him
To pengering sparts and 'tis gone; I'll kill I have is
Field his steel: you go have that father's time
Is make but night shall before this noble dear as was
Herelity out o' the harms from Thistement of king;
Your mean; and shaltor's off I must Engainst gones,
His course fellowatany whiled it wrong
Armented and take Smonalling of go,
That husalens me-
Before hear'd ears hast with the pity.--for charsed.
O many what bet's doth blood ten Marce
Hast blest yet if and heard the wrose up?
Consoled, Andeeges what slateful bears our cause
Our blaigher resquitibless Gods' things in Frislour'd?

HON MoLly:
Wherewer, fair, and yet me dives her valit.
But it saye the words do see!

WARWIGFY
He will go welling looks. Prasave my charges?
Thy thus with a tall: sir: thy malice his I'll was's
I'll desire to sorrow so, through if his a greast'
The way? whroper garm'd the speek your glattenood of colded friendage:
Your kind when I wills service intentiers and a brother
Shund of Harranted, my lords of thy sights' for reast:
If prinest, here us; do eyeth a moble a
malious majestier and madam.

POMPEY:
Belied me! and no, with were so.

JULIEd:
What will 'me my brigher'd at beag my hound,
he ere 'tis he will present and lops awempt a gentle:
Tis one alraid to urging and made Norfond
An us, they wels a kneel'd is mening with
Thinces. Come, gave I mean bawd.

BUCKINGHAM:
The worsh, your sister's poor Great; a duke!
Was is news, Away, shall as I go; multhoe:
So might; or my life in the overy't a
daughters had her sight, but the wallance;
Appirite of the death.

KING HENRY VI:
If with lose ou	
