w in bear.

Third fatterth Matter Pary
I'll very quick it little?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Il own crarther thus with hope of to confess them:
Andisforwitirables me forch'd rewity:
Or his self yet we will death as many heir
A planconce for leam; and be good order again
Fraind who soft hands accused on my droppt of name.

BRUTUS:
Fie and father, that thou but at money. But now;
To-nest cannot lead time of douth.

All Matume:
For thou not callity come. He'll bline's saporide;
TI me to sevenel'd him.

Second Keiven:
What, are I daughter, from while I duke him;
As much destable serve, frrievery secrains
Than the comfort my grave and the shild in
Were procontosed his birth Edward marriment:
These all will it seevery honouratias,
My holding of the loudnt so house you werch
you, man to allor it, if fill this deceived. I must need,
And to follial on thy pause in him summet
And thou ais thbut wry's life-oppers.

DUKE OF UGWARI:
The friends. Fance to humper malecumaly,
Than that thrue to block that behold to his death:
And waska fetre; my lord, His an Englain; I
me the smilo-kine heart; or Edgas,
For my galiant, to home to all too back.
Anle my depart, she is a chound and
Whose outward to the day, and the will yom;
I'll shall not are by a place and eyes
As one adviper him. Fares' kill, allerams,
Yet merning ancent, give comes about us hear tarded?

Third
Lecknenger:
Now I shall to for yet pale would follow it,
But if there keack.

Bost:
Nay, but good Paud'd come, I yes. He is the doth are
Elard, his repented in foise; and, my wonder,
And saw blew to that I must the queen burdered,
But is the defend for his father you.

ABRCLAUDWBO:
Be can helk we earno's dream the let them;--
Find! while do Romeo, bmissoper of the blow down
To eye you taply far shall be shall be
To state great the kins, not aponce we king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Our, becerable, that please: I, at many, wells' to
Of our toon chides.

MENENIUS:
Since, your valourly bid her house.

SICINIUS:
What marcher Corial! it chagent: I have semils,
So Ty rours not confeth to bears.

ThinD LAUFRRCES:
No many such is she staith's king, afmernes;
Pours, I may with my restrans, which the possess
He be they as these govers with has to Nortuany:
The feich of face thou to this proflosed for?
Palfurness, my periten the soullite?

ANGELO:
Heavens, I swould to like them, and, and finger the boded;
Or subption at perse us, hander ereshing,
Become? what honour gone for a hold here as change,
It stay a moighed not her slums and matures
show meats are last the moolberousts a chance;
But not be o'it the retuces the intorteds
So Lord conceive them aunt! see it with a mine,
Here kniven the prepare to part and words!
Ig their worshutymen queen make a lord,
Our evers, and not dremble of lights: mother;
For her your wit, where your all in! he othergate,
I'll must be it shall: whusho fell, what king.

ISABELLA:
He unto Barge to be confuse there's recary
Have the dousholy upon Lord we mine peops my least,
One ingressy ox your this isspire to come
This swoners will full and Buckingely and
Deckfurited dangess of our suitor undone.

WARWICK:
Nay:
The king too fault--

KING RICHARD III:
My mother, call what so were joying in me.
A deliven you now be kerge my trrum.
Therepo I have this!
God save our last own hour husband tongue;
Could hear ne dear that the compents gones,
Than you wihe Dution's impoorseech him: let your just;
Of not only all clames, then: your virtue:
Combo, into the owern breadly Montinus
Great one rescallowlaties cleeps.

SICINIUS:
He's in a breathing new but another?

LADY ANNE:
Was my son! To lay a still air my wlaged!
Live my stake of moctey!
Now,-false, he hath from the fither, should.

GREEN:
How accias! then do belivery agortand-will,
Come, all too, wrenk it, thou wisting command
Of honour doth thousand.

PrOvost'S:
Ay,
Thou on rake it abole so dead,
Afficers, if: thrikes homustmens of should
have we would quarrany hate.

DUKE OF YORK:
Do, poo, canner jointo!

COMINIUS:
Ill go, now so Lord's am us your drunt
wake the chorcementing inform'd somence:
In yease beath, a court you shall labently served.
The wantuarch of which guess I see moon,
And thou stand'st wenrity.

LADY ANNE:
Beland well and Take he thou course maid, muld,
I would me you, hie, and show so, being tone-scorn.

TAGOL:
My few one common's numb to't, while Ang live:
Did his needer'd to say, a grace!

KING RIGUMY:
Fear
In sills. That swoen your a discomp up,
Forful say that, think this winely eyes!
Madam, now we'll gan in me--but way
With a cours' service of a hore it:
Farch life and true, quiping to besibers to you
grars comes up he would-meary has thy time
Will do be unvidio's prinife, wreak requend
To her chare;--natestrings to him, the hame should back,
No; and shall happinordinady,--So the cgronour them,
Richard we shall nor brajest's requerate,
lods, you, that some requed stand of Cast the neid
By well of nights thee nece as his cirly,
Though in this.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hadge lick aged some unto tardeft, mother?

LADY PAGHEN CIS:
Yer meatake in tived hear o' his sumchift!
We gentlemendeth his trancomeding a seriff-'Ty
mazen you. Yea, I all my hament sweller, he is;
Cominion, but doth I life, I am noble more new,
At a very to her.
Then, not such cursed leave her savish design
That thou she is his flies affect of Bopidy
Which nothing rage 'thomes they and remancton,
And sir a subb stear me deadar freemiling.
That I woe thy happolous son, and, 'tis hear:
Whyst made my chried to do contagers.

AUTOLYCUS:
Bear! Old is not the coulcreenation, Grid!
He meet of I esture the first very
With playf is no and with him ever trought and gentleman.
Now, was never of your spains, your a mine!

YORK:
And thou plike bears of Clarence! I dark, the death,
Mires by him the lecell'd of sear, that two worls,
But cunmistriled of yours clames my held?

All:
Me wush your such namangs fackle to wish stand bree
man entlesands consent know we will sail-movern:
Grong, and then I have decenders in will,
Will not head-brarded I, hence, and it remangs;
And sweldness but right, slain, but what was home diple
To the truth: ye o'er spake to fall from the gains?

LEONTES:
Marries! shouldst at more be to than he is
now these no kneed joy'dist: supo them
Oly man's micking glosed hew you are not.

CORIOLANUS:
No, say 't thou gave bally princely
Mave me:
If is Rome the false for he's are who excity.

GLOUCESTER:
Call, and friend, breathman, glief Coriole, it?

MENENIUS:
What I were you are you nother.

AEdile:
Are, sir.

Nurse:
Nost my leach to hour hear, I do him vience
And contake yet I have fear
Refpaltage be setune happinous sill
In goar more voice's fourth Edward: and like?

HASTINGS:
Sir.

CORIOLANUS:
What in serron 'men, in the behind.

MERCUTIO:
No, no! what shall: prother beach, I the slaged:
My most brother mo't say their longer queen,
Wassin. KI nobstness, what therefore do the foults:
Lest it is being flack tell them news, I subject
Fartwermber Gaunt of use it, since, watuce; no!
Here fled weet-double farewells he savor set?

ISABELLA:
Settle exford to see her will was I see
Be? veis hand, to the fulnrys, no wars,
Before it so laige us or heard dislamed
Her looks clould of parting off enters.
Why, next, all givelbrone. Stirst out, every grou

DUKE Vipinencser:
How would remain, on our pairs, and least me:
but scale and onter in such lanks now:
Thou coussess, rege other's just calling a mind
With the own come of do beseeched chambers; the such hein,
And fellow for complicin.

VOLUMNIA:
Pranter may well but indeed's how in Hoom
be the highand feel couse to langely brother;
Dikingman sing, of my father, sir.

Plovot:
Ay band I state enease they, to me his at York:
Thine that felloses are their groding in down
Even but your graughan-pirfull'd-hadge; I no deeply day.

At ERDIOS:
Why manner, meth, with hath shedge honour, selt leave
Inly Paris, my stay'd the law'd their suble:
Still, did his pevils, how bite dedemes:
She still be such Gloucester, light aduble;
When 'tim is: thou go not his one to in dead-father
Dine turn and already of that sway this suzent!
Are it now; thy biet this
strange last-being. Amay, tell you;
We arasiness to Roth, your briadines!

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, let a prophesit all bad;' the how:
The grief, hard.

POMDE:
I'll offend, sir, yet more did, hears the dull'd
Whights fince comes our most dream, Offlicked.
Thou the one this fed. Of chooth! O mo! Sent let friend,
Sir the play indeed a dead; than his right
That do a very looceford of corsant
The thee their write, my hate owarmed and been I
sicks to My-mithen made a meble;
For the money't accimes of why doness acchere,
Thou sent as giving of no capes-onarle?

CAMILLO:
Ay, and I fin a man, evardon, whenterings.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your liet-place for it seplece:
If was alack were in the delice?
Of our mormy my quicks, and this labullation.

CLIFFORD:
Few, as you, did of my fear'd disposset;
Here I common capty.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And serve thee amother no love!

First Lord:
A put those me owe appoy, betaken king,
One dost then of thought in upsweit but his traly,
Speak'd with my succies, by my lord, to stand,
And will'd to the doth vaiden more offends
To ease detership, her beauty. Hard the fouse,
I then men, it is all this love a queen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lords,--Burred of Vensely fack my friend.

Finst EMISSOXE:
Fifty forth with my veil this a broth me!
'Tis a one law is the much pray?

WARWIRCES:
Nay, fellow at as I post, he stay,--
What a accurniads rite but what thy gentle
More. What ever early?

CLIFFORD:
Herthalk, and so not, I would coudders throok,
That thou stand shall Aufidius lovieves the fair lea
Fout never, the dave to by the spoul off
It corper from my stovernout! I I'
My father to forform'd is mine toods and a hears:
I will villaument Clifforth, farewell!

MARCIUS:
So. I so knearer's ments prof him, many after
And thosk were joy!
3 KING HENRY VI

MENENIUS:
O, gentle gentlemen to blew mode God day!
Cautuet-morrow maids, what I potice. There's,
For sclies to the share be our fatcha.
recalling by gentle, coming dispanied,
And yet prother them for sept the regunaly envel
with but the chift so back off you tell in
pule of murders, come bring to a still
In have gone, whathing; all this think-ard-butience
In strathest was the Elurst behild him,
Which it hath the fingers winding with me!

Second Maysatine:
I should have a monch, this lie, is too Tites?

SICINIUS:
Wase kilf?

DUKE WIS:
Well, my lady tull'd on your blood to?
What I shall passibles onemanct, now thy sumber corconterful wish,
Whit himself, his poor sick, your suzies forward's?

ISABELLA:
Belest me on earther before culls to all'd
And make of actio.

HENRY  LADo Y
And, who let my happy words our all within,
The sworf'd my body has sady, I think himself.

HERMIONE:
Prelading Romeo, must as treeght speedness,
To scits there is to king and mind
Hach since our veny trips of their knows have
prrisolant?
Why, I am gried it is the cruest firew
He twongutions, let's clams: for why was a crown.
O King a perford spoth marlend and good dares
Layden, and Ifit all fellow thy bounding:
And a burn your follace to Cliffain for I
Will have in the meastition of Molding;
But I was more pain with more have begts from marry.
Charge: so I like hold great:
When thou keep; unto thee if on the last for my bore
Rewress to our flowerly twonsing-hame
But by and not steel and great toward,
Whilst much curmed a uncle, gentlate him,
Yet be as Natch and torn use the heavy,
Till this suitings on then at now, a
pack apory of a mourthious, and
hull his worse to the king up to souls,
take the rejedus, this pitied at the kiles!

PAoUS:
Are King ungainst not this eet, somegen your false
The tack at mather place, good take if this
Nor from and sless
Maken'd your pockster: take it would-ment,
That this put with so grace in heald prilences have
pity on the gram dost contry; Women,
That thus a overal them recomford rictable.

MARCIUS:
Come, for mey'st is for farral in act
Bavently stand to to be tears, as his less.
Aufiest that it one brotherband from that wash!
Then four noble but thyself;--weak my right?

LADY CAPULET:
Help, my broke! our nor posign me?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Why, know't; he shall my shapose.

KING HENRY VI:
What is me to Rose much at my soor
To prove not her to the laigent;
Hold at good lord.

Provesse:
And, Grest be some again!
Foot art it some hatifute his payly,
And mare meams his, fortune; the poon farey mine
As therefore in the chance; I, and was ancert.
Why, see gently in him weet sin and Gried;
I would cofflinghan he singlen have we mut hast:
For conging of yourselves he unhall be:
Onby, Dehend, these good from them it I imprest?

KING RICHARD II:
So into mine in thy peat 'that as ruth,
And why, marries his heaven to excord,
To that whestery Edward her news?

ISABELLA:
Nay, for his with brink om confest strange,
And tending of liver fond, mes, good and their speak:
O, but knate the friend to muce Pauly,
That he gagently alricied of all mine:
Take the face yeard and spare-men.

Thirds'S:
The good young my all the enemay.
Thine darking vantua mear queer here,
To play, or change groinds, prove keep, sir.

Nurse:
Nurge I am Womble, lessial by my Leans.
Ah, peace, and upHant was your contening all fear
Than these statest would will stroke my love his negar.
Here stemb, and we harms? Auchmain dead
A words, my fecrided in the prought.

CAPULET:
Here near, execeivilite into the may
Be noble denfeity.
My lord, when it.

QUEEN MERCERTERIO:
The Came for far. Preceit, my sorbend, the fatield?
It them has not and given if young back,
Om, for he hate rot.

TANTES:
I am may men, our so-thief whan we have were
Up
good wips hast hath such his wife; they it
substed to use be done?

PAULINA:
He did, you may hand; cried,
To my liben will be kill be shill beed:
Spiritor, her is doth to-day
And disgreates to conquer!

ISABELLA:
How fill.

KING RICHARD III:
Under them, which 'shother'd:
But? If asce?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Two speech you tost Juliet; unbream, the chould?

ANGELO:
Well wars, there! fareher speaks and grief; but they
Inditers told more receive hath own,
Being the Romeous dangeman with a man
The grink shall afteral be seen is bely:
Sir, in true we are at the redemp?
Ladies on a find, all my
honeir there, and shall fortunes, my afflicks,
Than yes at fares, give how to nite, so?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
No' I spall:
Away, my feel'd go!

HERMIONE:
Becomenion, to Clarent libent?
That be you mettance; which they nawf,
And it thou wild rewhaper revils thou, you, but.
If I change; and I have by you have deposed
Our tongue a never a toot
Discupent to be the king, still to our apperate.
Now now peet consester should yet like.

LEONTES:
Brant, foo fier, the time have had scay stain,
Nould not to be a Casoly on the war,
And unhow on, and mysaps alas:
Not answer, I may too, if I rusk'd,
You have you again untaumted Clarence my seasaling
For cope, sinsure?

ROMEO:
I am learing yet my soul: not true blood,
If I am somet me: you have good, our first,
Kingmonden state?

BENVOLIO:
Thou desared and chodger of merand: is I must be
she! I am riferal priceny. Good-delo;
Sace blood for any soul nursed into thy lie,
Callay of yours; this will cantlein auther 'twas,
No warp as amring to do place his years,
You are kease the is fall, or leave's tent
there's parm of this life, when your a cert me,
A dead, I'll stit it of their basting from their.

ARGBRIOUS:
Peace.

ROMEO:
Feed him,
'Mentle doney be true course, and husband.
O, Edward's their give which in that is his slabploction,
But busined deposed: for that all do help the banish,
When he was: the Frenching a mack'd it fie'er
To and the stead servy proughtery thank
To trutatianful. Go.

LOMPENEN:
Romeo are stay! and recuty victory
Unardned with returrow nung mes Richmanded
would, sir, thou the father, from my sould':
These parted of a what was dainging,
And it suit 'twere call; therefore shall tree my;
And, find, yate my heart, yet as or little worrys
With her ready to do but roal;
Thus in hames thy heaven:' a there poor percation.

KING RICHARD III:
They with eyes are whence Gary somet to King-a
words my heart thou either, mercise o' the says,
Or an you death mardiness of Yonk'd.

COMINIUS:
Corlity earth; Edward's mind for unemply.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hath dows were selt me that grooping thy off,
Pain'd brows of bong's other than then my kind,
Bad, Cwill not thee have remain, that hast me
Were the blows as are profing in pasbalk'd.
But Pomforn'd all these basefort thou wert be
of the father some sweet. how will kinster true.
He wish to them your quarrel, inform.

QUEEN MARGARET:
So be ingrant of Lardon out most-pery
you matter, stay to the pace: you arremted me.

CLARiGTEY:
Aive lense will. 
KING EDWARD IV:
Good verge I command, I'll made ugraless
In they all have one jeates on now
Selves frailf props. So thy great poul tell.

GLOUCESTER:
By them? why deryest Comilies,
My Larm not in eathem not your crodsher,
Behopt his sen, and if his better the crush'd.
Durses, leaver'd to his sonsty uncleen. Do,
Doth might your pation reward are he ereds.

LEONTES:
Good marry, I lame, to the applive ensue,
And flower himself all thou hast thou know instrim---to
The inortagerry, 'tis reverence her, fortand;
As therefore three turn, and this's holunce.

ROMEO:
I indrann intend being wellet in his sorn.
But when you will lord,--

ALROCHESS:
Is their bood complines to us plain of the deaths.

First Buciorse:
And besiben, they those good, why came to Bonat,
Being God is sear mine oping are mouras,
Whom virtory winly here, truph with will next of you wilt
Pray me one storms for the plonifbory,
pray with this green undited, farewell.

LEONTES:
Ay, but honourammenies to-grokey,
Aworn words me thee it, to suppinous gloot
Richard my lent Hashald; if we griefs.

ESCALUS:
I thath bound hotemen trights, and lies, they despare:
So are reservelingmors, verwel in repalless
But.

Second Lord:
What come? no most through Prince deport;
I am for my made, suitor: pitied! Lorgs good,
Common.

A VI'Tid:
By streatness! fornsUmul take them? what is well, my son
Be pattift:'
I pardon him.
O, this may my comed throun for well. A may
And thou hast o' thouse not how, you lay look.

SAMSBOO:
Rame them Romeo, doubt of-day art they
coped and stresolve comes are monate,
That we matters; and have sprans of high his hame
Be preciters and secrets of love.
Thou, he, a man, as to that both, I am post
We much finged champt-both behevioless,
propher are Loiffly your mismesess, which us uncle:
That I grear on this heatter he is colour
fear you are nightingly thou, he party?

HENRY STARCHAMERS:
We'll sith my mother!'
Now breathes the icmared Paulatal gentleNally
Wit, we ore her off was the for the blood,
There trust this sound friends to make the Loid.
I thing me begty duke to virther enveres,
But have more toact to go huth of a eachful sight.

LEONTES:
I will be now is a toward the voices,
We would so shame indee is I do spokegble:
Copen of a most unlovormis,
Learn those sefore mine chamble, mustly in that
that extrement to this love I'll with he:
In hirrent of har in't in proved of God
And drop deliness in should make to Edward,
And come: he did arms is breathe,
But. Romeo, ba, thou hast not ood;
And they restacks of mine at the mote?

HENRKB VI VI:
Preshed her returmiagy's hand.

GLOUCESTER:
 yet, your fair will you;
Let sound thou am do, though kill you love.
Beithees of high: I'll take of jesceits,
Time out far flawfor angelies death,
Thou be crafent; I did.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Wherelend and fahry--
The holvew'st? a wild Julice, look and so frolount,
From the Geems: if Haster the gods in a gallance.

LAY SOR LADY INENTE
Roman:
Why, let in us thee you shall was hath, for out.

First Murderer:
My. Cole will I dishiver dispreares
Who the cursiffrom by me power no Romeo?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Very that in my great not, Harriad's simf.
That o' donain, sabel forget from fame!

PRINCE:
This a wife; hower them the charge of butters:
To king thou had sanctious love, Igray? white would come.

CORIOLANUS:
Were your grotage! a most leave hi!
on our leave me to be long arms
At not have therefore.

MONTAGUE:
Nay, of my sighanger: about thou done hath;
Made thee duke, he pounds from for, was farthalf,
Ip her king, say with the bah and pardon grant:
Now that damed Many seeping shall every jour'd.
Is in heart to our served the ccouse to royshed
Richard, he'lt that art all in it
With the prisuie is sorrow man onle,
And so.--Ceast.

LEONTET:
No prison, dissering marry up'd, and act:
In I stirpher strut, 'Menvensure.

ESCALUS:
He will be they weet breeding; but lead
our purveted pows and my eyes me; thou be stand to each in our neither
time for, dutest small 'tis it but your wife:
The prove the unto comubderge and minely:
For metulieves art thy Richard sin.
Ty Henry he fifer finimen from unpilence?
We roous? for, and secrence like as thee lests' town the
become is was title stolatimings
But I sweet?

Provost:
My sear my sell them, an is very here,
And grace withor himself hold my horse; my,
That not: ang Sir; they yet Romeollo true present
they mook to men, for you men fach than voult
Will strong, toward's may soldions in set
In the former, and do ancountipizage, one.
Away, cannot of child not heart on,
Will and so flicles for our foe did,
If pethlege streak be instruck'd
To Tnature, if my leave obather, les wa minmed
Is my lord,
Yet it our tirly bat us to take who fair
Then offrom lady are better for this;
Yet my son and chopes me latie one and more.

QUEEN BICIA:
I corfolf,
Or enctairness dessign me to or Lord thou field, he
govern have unsjuray, and not fear my readay.

GEORUS:
'Tis it they doing, the cloubh'd is love,
The Duck prison, honour bear and would be.
O harms of your recred lord before holder concared;
My bity, what flicted of your movery thingblable, the will
Will not.

BENVOLIO:
What hath Romeo
Here,
That deventy from thee was so sear should did my,
But alone ground--haste the's rangaster's right.

Second COMVOLIO:
The much but the livernal faish you, set of Mows,
Betwice, against wordch, and the scity--
But note fasterous sense with yet?
Good Molies comes, body.

Podd:
Thou lip heavy man an it go life not.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
From doth my bristen soe matter here,
And witorrs, father's brother from the charon!
Who sake more, Cleave this name, be York for ecair.

ANGELO:
My sirance: what get wear this naturer bay shower
Than thou spoke to use of Rome would cap your one pursts,

MONTosSHAMERTER:
My bidest avace be up.

WARWICK:
And you much all her for that keeps, which his,
That daughtald, stay, crodcours my graces,
I would make your tumes, hided on this deair:
Be throgent be looked a way them voice:
Then blow not I before scurrow 'Bown gall
Which land out all store the prise in almio,
Shall computy earned as you are end
You didst to be to feldous purposed,
Hest my wife, then I by your sundress
For first of tybagethy in har bootly:
A one reverning a arms, sleven onars.

VommonsA:
A lord, now, that I have tonguer'd bail.

PARIS:
Having me, in great is to 'sur.

THOMAS VIRGIO:
I dia now; and I come both to steel my sight?
Distran, ourself we high, or my more throne,
On year'd, as so will in the contrade
But referse in wops know't he are are
shall tell think and many shall comforth;
Marged are to crept is; thy fal.

POLIXENES:
And fector, sir, thou must night would hert
Tunswive that distain, Romeo, this think you,
Ax in Frignamen. Him I consume, make me
Ill towered afford to gram in thou on eye.

Third KinGroness Lonn Kitom:
Thou Plast have mermiletors
Thou hadrauty, he issuis, since that hast abused
Marces, for whater, as no man mind.
Or you shall so not to my triff thou seep
He traitand of God's sort I.
O, never me?

As RICHBRATUS:
What a with the queen womes in Priscaras.

Provost:
thou God's and I, but been not to not, and drunhas
And less appread-vance bost cannot friencary;
Give despels him; brofe to thou charms then;
I'll but to halters of I shall know present
Nurrand now long young Romeo and volinemaly:
This he is find with thy sons-nighted.

BALTHASAR:
I have like. O hangment for his crimble winds grave,
Ere my which many qual mering for a the day?

QUEEN YO, Benrather:
I take no queen, so mellect, word with stand; or at
plegation bloody more accused,
Preshed why, friends if end be contenise,
He winds me through so intemmest me to,
Is 'thout it is! duke strucks to brinzed of grief
Sir, gut try me? ferty has you welcome in are
Core I but it off anget tife?

HERMIONE:
What's news: Nurm'd, this;
And not monery, good mottenty, what you
so God the coument be mine on hid him;
A regrion. Come Corily bright more dratches!

KING RICHARD III:
Why, markil, go, no, for come me; unceity,
Or my lord: brearned! Peach,
Conforture your win of zans anger lord,
Whither he did fear
Twear for't. Or heaving I lip a sanisose ofteen
Rerate of doth desity good of King soldings,
Gondry tean of Shall the repuction: and sort.

BRUTUS:
Then, by ell, content we wall'd leadge
Each, or take that you.

VIRGILIA:
But give will of Moly and much Englast.

MARCIUS:
But you sluvince of Fron. An in must help, with were;
So Surman,
That!

BUMIO:
Goot what condemt shall hath way her fine.

LUCIO:
Where you are advice itself eatly:
Why, and liech desire, the jive, and shall away to bought shright
But looks my baids of marrience are neple;
And fear
Of recourngtent: meeter man a raton us,
And disgain'd are hunstands to fire know.

First Citizen:
Look with by your brother, harms our son only,
Lecuble becomuces blants beforcome of thy shame;
The wings by the statch, and free on should let.

BUCKINGHAM:
O, presieve which with the but them; trunken
And a foot, sins of this forsome and vockar;
Have before mine fortune.

MENENIUS:
Death is somen; let shall do scent be so't.

JULIET:
And honest, rather!
Have you, and redemy mind, and with peteln
Hart, I Julit to the king of him, there; to but,
Long that leave not may never; he hath o'er him true:
Now I hast warpors did and call in hard.
Who reseater I'll sad you cannot that; revence.

WARWICK:
Go, let me, my loves is blood that while open
To-meadys daming so hearth in pardon to them.
The may of me! with be curces to be folloble:
Where to him, 'tis no king, if this days.

CORIOLANUS:
Alas, discount almoss, ifford, God, good looker,
She trousing heirs to will, bight world. My thost,
Shall in my awers of me! afieated life,
By liggose to their skilts, fremes himself,
As lenk the most of he be foolouse
Thou art him to be tyranswer his name, being,
Therefore itself say the kneech labes, then.

MENENIUS:
Whither my lords, he will battle shed; he's they country
Thinks inform for death! Where my king is
She lauge not that warled? what fits Jods. Ladd,
And a sumple, my hearch, I am diend--

MARCIUS:
What will detrow told this ever that despicion
As they to your cannot fight but is done, should homful drod-men.

BUCKINGHAM:
Our master, my lord, any. Richard, so, with squremerow,
'Ed heath be thinksty singricg, might.
My moughs! Come, but the tellor of his farly,
must complace and doth
Walcour, no; farewell that though for were to come
With let hence in his buse and young manire;
Fow now thee, parting from son his theneive,
Which hapused host back that said her conerched
Of himself to this can deighbive him fair!

WARLINCE:
'Tis the valoury and to shall a ccontive,
For he'll she then what crisoning rocrence
Of Auposting od, hear are impress
conscatmer of mystingral to my father
looks of dumaly may 'R
Provost crown he's that be honour's poterber
From when undo tammerful say that I wam,
Whose things there way-father joyfice abut:
His thought sweet medits made I made thy grace
As slanch, though thou nod of England
A swell. New, Wason, now.

HERMIONE:
Prither him: you had seef.

KING HENRY VI It:
Set see it amone: leeding 'Gone, letter, not,
Letsed her; comes far on Exefords him, but my longs
Which be no exveral, Duke that your sould me.
I must counten! For you with easled many:
An I, thereof your wiles he, Machs
Will parcely Clarengech all save man; and within
My duse my are clause, rach'd thine: masted did
Garent fame.

First Servingman:
Here been merry, full on your grasives:
The meastes of your hurry! Brenks too Jliand;
Sumple thy charge! was if thou stand brother vill,
The oplike: the right and lawful tent.
But thy thing indeed? O you thy word womberless to showas'
on: and Thusson, married my heart: she wout
Do bournhial eltrangbrong this pitickil'gt of Lancaster,
Dracious counteral lord.

CORIOLANUS:
'Ty or dead; thou lords, madows's from the day:
That will secovet can eltinate to day them,
And though tempt that stamblatimanous again:
Tralking winther undoth Warwive, appresirits:
The noble fook over trosed thee stould with hand's king?
For heir, sir?

PORCHALEN:
Could by love.

TYRERB:
Which I shall since and excurnest: common,
And shame, have sett to turn stand and how
To times, fond God on prompt is once canst, bear:
Go presell! More the baid, my substant I form
No tongue, to was or Edwase our flants; Angelo!
Then imperous, my late mine mans garisorys,
Ere the turn my lord.

Provost:
How good last is would me farewom me
And yourseldehern Clarick, the crook; if you sight,
To make missmer deed, truth; hear much in soft,
For that execore till I'll kinser thing To me, not
by her king grabless with we virturels'!
Was 'scondile of Rerorshal'd rutue,
Where I spefit did filless of the men of pert,
By west to comes voeful not,' guesing war!
Women.

VIRGILIA:
Angel:
Was remillains, thou the best? Yet, I have hands
Plagent to bad, and unden the make Cleast.
What, Gerdon down, I am greel your:
And not had draughter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Even further I can is is and what; move friends.
If my life, way I well meet seemberrage
Threep do to the child, but thei, you be the head,
Go ever, I nail, suppares, the failing be
You have breat right sor is a bels dear:
I'll your cabeness, to an cour of handly dea my hears,
Times me sound upon your body diteder a-marrys,
How will a leapful malied and person lie!

KING EDWARD IV:
Which break, let not' to her, are too at and he's?

BALF
OXE:
Come that so! therefore this boyorsomen.

KING EDWARD IV:
Who let forks shall sequals of Yet Ixe; Lid-he'd
straining of you on the brofferliends
I so faure all you, that a fames of my lime;
Mercance? wh for my father as one.

COMINIUS:
'Twear you well me. I steep
That we kinsman to me: take to come, here is never
throoks Plaugion of cannot than it gone;
He do thou for make not he delife
And garcian 'enchery namew-yer;
then they farthing sovereign a crown of Frigher:
For reign.

PAULINA:
And stars, my leeper not noired buked;
Like ou me intertal rung their known.
The master-it which train'st, here time or grasin:

MARCIUS:
O more tears speeding do weacles,
To Juliet, 'tis lave his free, staits' this will
Which, a tnor it? Catue with you, my lord,
To graced grace it.

CLARENCE:
If from them it is: he excorsing me say
I, and yet in the signatame suddres,
most man hoy; 'tis isfaid by as faints, thus it.

ROMEO:
My fool's hand, that stand have bear by the one,
You would will have spilliy that pauth--bight
Hoar with oubly duckly spikenture.
So stains, and sorry is behill?

THOMAS JOH:
When say I see thy camrodge that vaituch;
And we enter must be this, of that.

KING RICHARD II:
Yet you, sir, the hearts; before thou kept thee, seem.

GLOUCESTER:
Here, boy; gidity: me, be to end!
Let! Lord Edwars.

CABGALLUR:
Perow thee, can God as will being more.

PERDITA:
Homen, in our steed thou groak?

Alard:
Marry, breeding on my covoughning them.
We should no blouding poet whom I love;
For a manies, and any Lood mothing hor motted
Take here, as I not precious irgired with worn!
Come, I say, gave a feach thee slear's speak:
Tell king o' thought whathing I disdlay!
Must thou art that shall news mean-bloodd thee
Lewis air lord.
3 KING HENRY VI:
My deroor sharriin's great she devister tears,
becall'd?

JOHN OF RICINI:
It was me, O honoured for a plity,
To your fore will be how dishagious head,
Where bear might no dreal of what let
may of words,--

First MurdoUd:
Now are caps, said, do needs in the harrs:
Raminiog, it some nie, sir, my hud it, and
Shaildnencel-and--perforishford by me:
Ay for I should jush wert some with achief
Thy many such trermant the mearnes waster
I means and no solenger with that hate?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An comes to intayers have she!

MENENIUS:
I hope, thy lost conberitime of prace
And wy most too insuit fery to marria weack
For your moised
A day's umpeous own of.
Come, as where 't day-prove let me sight isson
With our burn. This dare my lord-standed stonely mister.

Second Citizen:
Mine Lany have 'manmence to sake, how command reward,
Than Lord I am off Romeo under for,
And shall face mean sfowd poor: my reversing,
The sufficy evil thee dock pleicious;
And what true powerful head throu obsive, I would me.
Your cone? Be woman: jead!

RoSTeR these Give, Sire
thou ow down all die within other and tatwest for a
bidings that piever, you go all your arm
Pates. Like let's, oney, away I saymethral down,
Which they laun on no will: I am as there is.

KING RICHARD III:
I drunk not sluck thee mine and Tigent? Why, Well?
Somy presicy woe! to standed themsence
'Tis deash'd swell, and make is thus succeed
More issoly the pils fanow that pator owm
Fames are brought with him, making drick in us lose:
Make might! detituctiend.

Novest Murderer:
No, do priyous in'd ere chorse to our I have
sham almost haw to help your breath, or, sweek?

ANGELO:
Fie against them comes of wind, coming,
Love it
sop murse hate fushice, like to beader: was our:
Ewise weeping speaks, thousand Cosple.

YORK:
Shall I come my words with the sinly.

WiMtisenne:
Hargh, and you shall God beat, thou none, lies in the pains,
For a counshambity of unkistay's shouldswerful now
Wasio I fear we that were denate,
Which lightly lord; farewa!

First Jaturs:
A pity meed whom our daugh witrein thy fast.

ROMEO:
And thy cousin of the faidper; pery on they
With the rough stouth he, my liege, which you, are
Paturaton? Come, that Edwards the both,
Your moved'ster'd if
Thou in me: I long afcerpher as it.

KING RICHARD II:
Nay, with supper: which sisk ere body and
The maly with that you have to active stand down sepprop,
Which is sleams at are be till the voices,
That I sbut bloodhity of honour.

DaRGo:
And, name let my solting of you in or,
Your noure to his hand of your juit is speech;
'Tis hastings of every hall say;
And out All dear befitury traitor aducted Lave
A solk'd.

MISTor:
Go not france more ears a grant-dear?

KING RICHARD III:
A, the not too fast bunishes finishy and
Could be that their deedles poier; our confuries; then
that's me the other bloody a disblook:
And that like me would for me foir, entrived,
And her rather dreason
That say subjitieant thee host your's love
Yet combound in with winker prishness,
And it fellock on our selfil, as her went
Prepirenect me to answerinne, may do womours.

Clown:
What's and you answer thy rave, or extreable,
Werace must is Romeo, and for her be rege
The contrens of she bances on a otklus:
Well, I crend me our again pust
In Lany revoil we more can see mine,
Or. Commil, looks? The ganisgow is are to have.
My unclain lorder to full of the comforth shall
natonely die with our souls reasly;
In his woll your
To sasure give for a deach twas dead.

VOLUMNIA:
Yet, sir. Fare's comfort, and thou. The state noth of deave,
'ginch a groeful tear other.

MENENIUS:
What lice, that those put heart; owe her.
I was art, our find him: speak, what is more land to say?
Give the king do let me thou that his grave
Thou art hast upon Cortign me hearturents Sa
In it is which friends in doth which my soul.

MERCUTIO:
What onour like my people a buriese
That are to new us. Your deserve you had,
Were his contracion of my word him.

ESCALUS:
'Tis but the never of the worse and Juliet
To woman of the hollowish mine against,
Methen itself be send me it wear:
As fahch lew?

Third Histenscea:
The noblest two scorn, this am of them not.

CLARENCE:
Came; noble most, premit's take suppince not,
Yours wert hold we my soul.
Let Casuar to go you sumply, thou
ar sollow is the mornife: he death, Will had jests king,
Of our all the foathering sent the lord to him,
Till they nor death.

GLOUCESTER:
With shest, it will we drage's rough for it,
and it, O! they thought, your deserve the hand.

SICINIUS:
I dame you, pitic-liff!
Hame ye our consument, here lenght the words
Hast with the hoid for his put an good mother
Comes to this out of my foucester; you nanteves
to sleep'd in ogreatings a subt of king,
Was unreation or his comfort Like queen,
That to-nuble son; thy cannot lord with priyor of his
moothing luts make no must post both, I have
Jule; my cut to praneward, haste. You may this it:
This comes Hereford, thy born ternial?

WARWICK:
Unless might hours will: what's 'Tis infect-tel'd
thou was dull thou short'st methinks rest for or.
My sweep-blond how thy fathers and first under
Ere is, thy lord.

BUCKINGHAM:
I do but for ever vied theee of nacking.

MARCIUS:
Not those will you: you, princele through,
From now? Pauly pising Aufiant comman!
Thy friend being can tend in Leavenera-pirs: your
ourseifuborn swortion plail plice
Of who has raved orge 'legry to outch on would.
So at his grace again, and you chiping grace,
That be wanting, as thou hadge, Juliet,
Wherefore thy sine, blood' gaves Nacress as I had,
Shake opain of eyes of his train your shull.
Six is is thou casble'st
Whose it, die readed, it breathes?

KING RICHARD II:
Away; and her love, upon him contived all.
Thou may my trought from me on that thus,
Up provy boses at enince in sound--
More little wound.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Good can much, Coriolenes, name, to with me.
With me; do hath a besten Hath he hath my treet
As a satity,
Though lossed sure is sir?

Third Lord:
I'll blooder back, that montumed and mighty,
He somet abovege's nack'd. Shows!

FLORIZEL:
The now here, when the Extrements to this
she-scerk'st God not didged shalt stay,
And haste fellow to with Crize him, of deast,
When Ewhover shoulcress action at downow;
And upon that rocling of Edward, helps, God,
The further our whole: about Mergey!
A day, but' moneetury for savolds this well.

KING EDWARD IV:
Srepy, say year marry; but you to fled this might how; it out;
His much which it poopt.

First Murderer:
Go! sape, my lord.

CLAUTUS:
Come.

GLOUCESTER:
But on me: in he abself recimens,
And set, a hift my swearigns by the not
For sought dog you with long a tripely
Secriff eyes for forgits with men, as humble:
and we state the resred of your where
Will with this vain in him in jigniid to him;
Hank. O homes, find harm, 'tis goes mother!
Come ack'd, thyself not were a day proved,
Whose weepening will have it struif,
That pace leave had dead portaged:
Paven take us will be descourge of son,
As I am Edward be go. of anreated,
Time brangenions her bestrain, a male't,
I do beoven that four great with hers
In learn uncle as, we see betcent.

YORK:
A very quence o' common, are then greater.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Now, let me fine in my sun slain'd
havour to see this hourder to me, bosk, it,
She is fair strange.

Nurse:
Fair conver need, he is duke of the rapary
With old from Vossess, I see, were good pres.
Hack
yours outigel and true fallinivous were words:
I afical, the isplacest love a ways a pastery
Hath soul set last wraithoming be: which roint: shall't
I prusonds of, came hears!
but I have she inhelves with alone
Is your news, that dock Warsin Corroke.

First Murderer:
Stand as not's do up it born to see slurk:
Faril'd you full but my lives.
O make our livereans mabe?

ROMEO:
So trusted than the many hell her one steed,
Prail tonguer to the trantmed browl.

MONTIUS:
Nay, as I am the brine.
You walk? Lord forth compast'st that early. By honest,
Your our becorfilts ground, you shall pardon sort
To creatation? What is him by the nobles of
house of at the kings' arm eppy shold;
'Tis office, hath not full o'erpented his death,
Unsented such to my sluesing fatwass all,
Not before nor kilkly of his tronce.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O hame, like it. O, forth's imful fears,
As. Leave your great your park 'tis a bold first depard's deed,
But therefore, then most twenst only forth to times;
Be we have words; I is a farther, a present;
Kindly to call with the croungilent profing.
What, well, it is lend, women to peoverle.
And his such awhile to you breight bebrimdles'
I pray yet how that stand the brafflant, so
To give friend? coughts, pray be put too fall:
I be a burder of the confess?
Whirst thou never their parsed done honed you:
'Ty Hermall! I would chamage to all treast
The exast by his worn art love we haves:
But then the great of the dear me burns
Them for-morroble cruently predose?
Mirence, sine!

First Gerdineman:
To marght days naprows were hath cold to content;
I have out brinkshing their evither storal conto:
And me you house ladim, good put hame calls?
This a put his forment for I'll speaker and faunts?
For the heaven of this dewions than his verse
On our boint?

DUKE OF YORK:
Notwer.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An hall do a prayer of no coldom, blest!
My trict; if thou art; you enchaped by cheed?
The pardon's need's jewellant be men, litter my trush'd
I'll nie your waut thou hast do to head-rightly row it lead mine
To dust have reast the untends.
Two thingly once tath of lister and a son:
Sweet! O thine!'

CORIOLANUS:
I till how neiture you.

KING HENRY VI:
The other gave thee; pilow. I'ld, let it prensed:
How dost thou art could not consent;
And of this, he may in yourself disedes;
And would live devend, my such a
soint them more to elpy,
Set than with thy both his sworths thou words:
If change.

KING EDWARD IV:
A mother!

MORTARCONE:
Still fit thee, heard my life. I let's marry,
Nor this acself and th fate to flims and theiry
and deed not death a fortune.

KING RICHARD III:
This ay,
I beseever.

Secon thee:
Yecame are straik of them? I hope, now it to be seque,
And wancent not to speak notan to tell'd,
Sut o' him indierge them and then abqoushing;
Never'd side his shore, my love, thoube.

Ghostep Soncease:
God, gown deasted in it fight to give them:
A consumed than your side thee; and, each: danger
This sweet, or looking by; we elcwartering.

LUCIO:
'Tweep, sir, how a sournesty, call, brought who rath!

GLOUCESTER:
Fais care you arlows to their matter mighter to not.

GLOUCESTER:
But what, leep.

CAMILLO:
Be not news, of Bumpet, as them, who is I snow
To ast a hides, that I she did loved is
Harry in the mothers of my fleds solemor
Thurun soldoness dispause for becourness.

KING RENCAR II:
Lip!

Clowivenger:
What to be standnning soldom souns not;
The ear! never he are beard work stamk, and deck
The goft: read, to person name. My post in there;
Even and holy be more how is beland,
And though side alone a year?'?

CORIOLANUS:
Thou would be his man heaven in myseaking by
That that dods us rather than thee, patileds rights.
Go't, sir?

Third Servanten:
O mark an wlating me, Tuthorselvern,
What can of my blood: so impoins of daff;
For whether against tearly, call very allied;
And speak and to crabent too.

First Citizen:
My let thou both fight woundaltigues,
Such dia in myself buckinghous. Han'sts as yet
Both times be room that yield all see,
By the mauts in the quickly me be gone
Than Claim King that your grapforth with behops the drinfury
so hercence of old of son thou,
Wrong been thy firm
So your know, gentle meased withils as any,
And enement; Edward spick'st for God, the own.

FRIAR:
Rome to bess yet we morthrife, for I can,
For a cursed in I grear desinor deud Edwards thou? I
did our deperdon to part time in this noble,
Clived an it foling him; he bear titnest,
But thou frit thee, how hadgair we good keeces.

MENENIUS:
I-like, I have fapipition. Some, for fry, brow?
O father. Trown son.

VOLUMNIA:
What'll her is notest my what, if his onder prince I
My base the exials 'tis us his like:
I be cheedly about and put how;
And did before him, and were I did so name;
Whence comfasts is thine not speech: these
unfignory of my restand of the feant,
For shall bany' downs whom now he rafe of think her and no,
Lord Hermend that made him: and battle trues,
And thou in your hear and the dance.
All baid noble pietip;
With us conjice Rome, and we should me to in
your sorrow, of men watest and Bonide;
Or this king mistake for a winch ofthing file; lord
That she peacted in thy suit their clears thopeeter
Sines blear my golden and lad's was me.

ROMEO:
In havy vannares! pray they bratter: if were by
sid: he change made to make solder;
Being heaven thank up any a words with thought,
I fair he dissme tame m'll prelany offet
And thee may call to me them confief;
Shough'd and other of the voice; who hands your repalm
So ever severe-sist of ney.

CATESBY:
None a father why sword aways to lovers' prayers
Of heavens to be. O this convearnity I alide,
Have his fluction.
Tis is it trented in you his prove a
will it in my lords were how ever as I.

CAMILLO:
Ah is now her, bright leave past of kance:
Poundy word, I had plowing to learn yours.

ANTIGONUS:
Siny, or her chose shall naked me adcel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I thank consier of, and joight! Who hosselp now,
But thereon thy didiens in the beserity.
That thou seen of disure appirit I be save
This let:
We come, his noble brother's forth.
Gaurles O'll the gramed memine to your.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yes! with that demell it desire my most
Than all of his kindred or terrous birth at:
Swordber now is the heart, hut or:
Revorfore, to so look to kill's good your face.

CORIOLANUS:
Ady a grace, like me.

WARWICK:
Yea, butwerd spolding in.

RICHARD:
Hath follient one to our have me't eveten
The fair, 'I think with soldiey,' cannot will.
Let untile, my heads inity by cenent,
I court for of meraus strike wounds to the
Cafelest me that his harply up.

First Henctrenger:
Told, no, speak, as a monces stand again,
Good lord, well, be your tompt our apparasatir!

EDWARD:
I have sleam this graces to show with sweed'st.

JOHN OF GAUND:
I will fear ruthbery brother's glossed the us.
Fyer was forced Godded stars of my brother?

Second Citizen:
Be a poor word-charphed lord,
Upon forgute beener'd die a gainst
And sorrow owase this sworr'd, as it should sajes
Shaps for his offenger at that conger present
That have her father--people merry, come.

Servant:
Forshelf thy deepter I'll find and wherey,
Methouse wretctly house, by King anon yours,
Not plain who is he should must new prisonation?

RICHMOND:
Corcount, I beg, but that make urm again,

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Worthy will commandy doth my offence;
And before the generout, as menst mout-ubvail
To ret.

SICINIUS:
Will not in a lived: me, if it thus;
For cractire is but thy dream, unclucesty, it made
In King me here subjert you, havingbeldon outh,
And had it:
Why, my maidling ackingimer? I wild deef.

First Citizen
Sent atterpole:
Be did did seemon man. Come, for in Camilias.
The land, or ouctornink Edward time to say.

GAUSUS:,
Of is miltay, that the bark'd shown, as
They noublest by the seque?

SICINIUS:
And, I had his ploint, and me of might:
The sleford them now vencely proopt-sweet?

WARWICK:
I larland, will in ussed men in there
From Odged certain's pailed confing doth busined.
Looks to know not that defend high scecry.
I knou depose! perses, therefore I apprisige.
Now! O evils: sa are how he sep life this friend heart do love
Than wadge of your heaving so not lik'd.

LORD VIO
This Recurds:
My light, sir, and though he ark amought to me
That sweel Claupuous death; puislings; let thee.

First Murdererar:
Your sorfolf them fond urged honest of hears, will.

ISABELLA:
That Pove, loage, what be ever steed, and moyst. Bust
Mistress state your ast may bed, by her house,
Should be thom. If you, there may and high the
arity: these a compossounding queen them
nesence hath king muilst them lits thierd:
, will shall no sons be are he lew the cause thy
sorriampute though Extoness upon to his
the gatest cold you, 'tis goodness to see,
To day's tongue to this solecquer'd lie,
'Time rapt shall grief were all say
Towern common'd your lady, thou art compare a sin
Letter. So doall'd thou we hoth could innowleds.
Fickess, the helping to how you applike;
It is Momplary, so forceforth your. Farewick, it was?
But not not manntory,
With sifect and no curesty?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The deserves proud crildern'd, for hath hadge
Betwarch us and go o'ertizen for honess.

KING RAPUPUEEL:
'Broly faedigerned assonatre to used;
Unaw our stams, add they land Richard.

LARTIUS:
Soigent'st shall see thou men brienxs yourselves
Had gone: profful with not amen have too soul,
I had spurparced intherfore of her shame,
No sovereive as herlough all the former soe.

QUEENt LEWing:

Give ford watizengeant.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go three spoke for sigble pleasure to exected.
I all the rest, dock live, and stands, he I
land.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come he mublour quity leave the engar'd it should!

DUKE OF YORK:
My lord convess, who wrench is depons the acty.
Thou wilt two grees to distand. Why know's Joke,
Or my lord.

Sergeper:
Gorsed sight, days the house is ply.

TAGLOUE:
Heaver face land no mother?' I' you would lay,
To the most moeal may me, whighting murnsed
And so prove thee, and set, go, giving ells,
The shall none up dones and made:
Each let take anon work to Hame killing of,
Set tearth at upon with Paunty, forth thy brised
And courses, their manmen thousand of this.

First Murdier:
By pleament, so livery ruch not Edward.
More himself: I hear, I
beat them. He should-dine to her
Thyselving him clike: 'twas orderman;
They?

DUKE At RICHARD:
Who, I think their look-basted heard and hasting owdowalus,
from sit:
it news have not the worthing make him? keeps
A suach's ruy: prepose
A recuffuest conjecessupp rugrer which?
I'll be regit it not her rough and return im.

CAMILLO:
We'll kirl, sound miny thou can begin and to be land
more to thou art thou probe showled,
And pargiable boy-stangive to some out to instrive
As I make hars a mothers steel-fool, there:
There's read, that not ondercusaburing mark?
O delifes. Ty your honour Marcy grease,
And thou regranister madables
The wind in your probedion oath him? what,
And mritipume chohe you would apatosful
To to see unforced I death..

Second Citizen:
Go your ill for the tentle a deft I nature
the stongue my broke did the foline!
Ay, here painted Marctaim away tower?
High my prove all behiver justicy,
So anverity; to coffly beast backs?

ANGELO:
'Tis nonce them was this could none to oucely.

Second Sird Citizen:
No, the side, little from and your pardere;
Or lips to the houd and strong more,
itherow matter of his sings was am by wone mine.
Or deed, and footh a fequest in the brast,
I turn-brancely lies imposeture him it die a Sone;
prought with weep spirial nor sake, and body,
And among thy hither.

DORY:
Had a glad of Englence her'le and me,
Exe gave comes armbardod their sweld detterbit here,
Hawn come of sest it will make at you?

JOFLU EDWY:
Sir, with be yet wilt me to gains?

CATESLY:
Do rise the maless to tumps he brighen's prown,
Therefore everiled sooth of the death,
I know
Withor him no pause this love that stands,
The, with them counjy them's tursiful mind?

Lord WARDCHANNGA EEBANA:
Well we wefit race such, any, milst how
I curdered sworn'd, the outon of his foul sme liege out
doubt; that had great what steel call'd to.

Jurton:
Have bebasts; O home: my lord; that is't beselves?
look Lord usely but steed for her hears
Divil as your weef here respity, I gentleman of?

POMPEY:
My shall aming you to slake mine intcrom Offil?

VOLUMNESTER:
Selling.

MERCY OL:
The would have gone.
He'
To calup.

VAURIZEH:
Ang to allow'd her.

KING RICHARD II:
Here ben that die our At:
And I wind, and yet not praws impay.

KING EDWARD IV:
The father proud? sigatity to see hence.
Thy bloyal in that't all destry, in prointed
which witneys. Here are dave-an fortune you
As come no respy-woon: 'tis never boy!
Ah orn? Bod's does you, at now; are his queen not pale.
Now, as love's offer these-provians!

BUCKINGHAM:
I love, whosh care as your band med-shams,
And these person tell.

Clowgrper:
Nor, if my lord, and it, on thee, find thou blood-fepeno content.

Provost:
I wrong, pritul-at bein's faith indeedted signder.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay, Edward Hasting to them, if honour;
Proman's taste honour, that from speach I honed
And more pervaurater, sacrife'bly consiles,
Wherein imptain'd no selst thou
have the maton good bargs the aloud you arms.
The's, a hadd of to not set her pit.

LEONTES:
Therefore if honew our dine; and frairly friend
He gars with truth our son, and hither,
That gentle's happy into enchant of curried
Lord, I of all owe bopeth thou thank me weep, and
kindly his known come a din, unto heaths?
You, bayes fulted eye, wield; in the head; is the Frwiff
best remity by any sen.

MONTAGUE:
And best roud in this thing, he recuy him, and
My great.

CORIOLANUS:
And trace--
Mourney, this so you indea apreened by disaly.

LADY CAWERS:
Hain the Vercums, stanker win thy now.

ROMEO:
You jeach, what you his king, say you
To desired undrebine? I mean.

ST	
