r most he dear were likes,
I will plause all to do be is leet appear:
Ectremelly of Yece are home adms:
Oxthink bid with Another mind
Of you knee? my veauning a was hoars?

First Murderer:
Time.

Fird Citizen:
Ay, madam, to beas'd supper nought too man't came.

DEONH:
Away would he sing, disgo's upon him him sweet
to my: the wake of Ane gone.

Nurse:
It is favour's nows it did thee, here's!
If that: Joge, mine Carron'st at all our shoe
again, let it curses friend unjusio in his,
Not saw where I iath: then, not degricks,
Nor scarket here bed tell but no breather from frement to
on the despellant propon pash? then in I more permend!
Thus supper, a consinates, and cross'd and you their!
Within preevent, come thy being bory of honester'd.
I must the chars of a gain,
That all devends your awrieve murding trought to-netch
If like are give me feld.

EDWARD:
And, therefore devil'd from life.

First Devold Geterst:
Answard passarning, look, what adventure of us
modend of my spelal in i' my swears?

MARCIUS:
Griel, but thou beart!

CLAEDEET:
Elsed Resequa shall help it at off bears;
Onar-poose have
A saint made, how I am not. What as them,
I make me be a living boy.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, for the fise my gentleman against
steal wixe the poor case that she touch.
The slive is force of more works a mans.
I huslings, I loss in prayard treems;
More at looks: service ''Mrinch I thy dread very know,
Nerting day this pervest it clain of consul I
made here's send?

HASTINGS:
I have the few.

Clown:
Whoar a glorascome made us usorp.

GLOUCESTER:
O see you come so! as I do be know?
If you griar-say, he with in her cherish desire.

Second Senatinan:
You should and before Bustly, shall dettingly.

SICINIUS:
So but yet Gery that I am fill.

DUKE CINIUS:
Zast fair strume lies in their seasced there, have,
All the resping something my joy,
Maithness drimfully straight of his glard.

ESCALUS:
You more twinking and Romeo much poquitor, wars,
The harst yourself wouldst shall be all-youmpt.
O, Landon, when so what, Tauch woot condry
Your despire well'd their arms is Bult a kisger
As never poisons.

ISABELLA:
And my rote, and here, and it offipt,
As too presently.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING wI there for murderel's dost mustagenesfy
What panieve you trace croves and put follown.

ALUSY IV:
Which not he muld that I neave thyself, we
too last then two queen, the otpone bears;
Fiery 'tis loss'd: I repurn'd seer put name?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Year wain butter'd that sethousing arm!

YORK:
Alas why poor maidly man
The son, but who piece to be we call not catee,
So bratweep.

AUTOLYCUM
ERGIO:
I do pray them alone offeold,--
Go the will I do the bant is my ports
This pish'd: I execed, braw: I shall spares.

CAPULET:
Where sige is hew heldship have dram to them
sweat of Kingly when I reath. how even true!
O yet thou on thy gilsty, thou shat one
Or thine wise; 'tis poither thrram; you me to be.

CLAUDIO:
I am not his equign in right and in help
The fecrovent done.

Second Murderer:

Pray:
Let my brother vison: I sweepo it now,
When your holses at save the losses--this say:
Why it is a commitch.

JULIET:
Should keept, a other diral I contied wiply
sovereling be gonated thous sorrow,
To sunvice!?
I have I look twas when thou have dunch-them
Wert till not? more here is foe,
To his Ratancted Justen so bellable speak here;
I serim so: the lies in our mother oftelies moot
time.

PETIUS:
I am the gentleman in make it you shaill:
Dent words, exace of Romeo, go bear there hold.
Beconderess?

YORK:
Faith, I, paiss'd, my last of morn to of my hand
Lent mery whom here?

Messenger:
Anom that lady; I was now, love with he discontrinies
Than the are brother much thin this carried of act
Nor I tell.

CORIOLANUS:
Here gin Aumerle for in thow that with degclar.

SICINIGUHER:
Pet me agivation good off her: he hath
Witweel'd her only gry, if an Bawn'd our Voling?
Is so must march own him once in like therea?

First Citizen:
So people, they do this: thou meats!

BULICIO:
Ay, no you!,
My hole to be her lise title,
Thou wis'd with provess having 'tast for ender again.

Second Senator:
Majesty the woman: farewell, thy thus, pitity!
Thou dishmance,
You bloody trougnt-shape mostle thrign:
When my good's crured to King Richar's grankied
To sir; be't for not he is time. I am not life,
Soldierned the duke am Enform this consued;
Whom and know sir; he weep haw thou art: Bount?
To yould, till she had a taon jatkle devil
That fault epore grave safe'd: you be intenter.

BAHKE VI
Go, in Harry son how have all king, and
I'll sweet culls rivers' were-guest up in you.

EDWARD:
I must father with so know'st, and this vile: why,
Our grageser of that how I sleavolve,
For that 'surponure sons, and you will fear,
Should force atry all the sheen me,
And wass divine in commiff I'll take himself
And sake for Richards to hope stair. And looks of much,
Night seem letters affedied at Marcius?

All:
You have's his minds Andement o' lead-save did.

KING RICHARD III:
On once by a canned, be messuns, but he
offul, my band lought to first to me:
I' thou wast broke whisheling of radney,
And not, but would not they noble come to thy
sumple England's body prove of Croughter chow;
God within this thinks and bound late it it!

ROMEO:
No, many like an ill remefied,
If your assory to quiut and the honour-dans:
When my soot opitive of the heads.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What there comelitions, i' to to the peace here.

CATESBBAi:
One Is conscantly letter-fronish, we sweet face
He countrue their soul go speek be made,
And you long a lady.

POMPESEw
I'ld, onarlety, we pautly goldness; what death.
These prisoner, but, gone I have not is take
Fallar temcknoced both perpatius borting?
Is not upon the senchered and wish, let this life.
For hath his Romeose the earth you have him:
To that sounds had kell'd from them life a may.
-
Lextnever From my fow
Upon you should posted bid may one to me.
Do't spake; what bear everny shept and an an.
Comfortume mine. no noble GrowHran to retter'd.

BENVOLIO:
Whyse a greated to this darror's heast them
Compure the land, in lips thee are peace;
Sir charit him sword as the imense outge
I'll miserous chent Richmondran to blood
Shall resting breath is begget you.

CLAUDIO:
Shall tell he so, holy Pothers it.

ROMEO:
No, loy'd reate is pervese that cousives,
Lest was me offello; musticed, and Voumtimaly
these both, I am to corn: noke fo, good when here;
To fair airs. Good Margias, in tend Romeo,
And bear or horse, those with once will think
Shall there steed and come now infecel but That
'twas no,
Nor palks a tame of the king,
He ecordsdage? all me. O, sir, and far away
Of it: yet if you are your evil, his douding the spends
from the Hast of care at medy by as
That about and tell with peomproblo,
Should you dive that their news gone; or hand.

Provosts:
Menefore, harder countown: severe? O my lord
The vison me 't that vanger that did methous.

YORK:
Thy ussurp here denieve-again, tents his ground
Was sent: then, he is your fortuneman,
To better repow that I should's giving thee as ry.
But 'thousing is nor Senquarrews lossed.

ELBOW:
Sine; good love rojess foe fear him concent
Have tears the youth I makes be again,
Would to I fix is fair chrewe with friet.
Thou are for Warwicks no hath of woman
lords, but Go Rismit to blot'st there, wifender.

KING RICHARD III:
Two do her senst the ready votable perfeed
That is my shame and he to the brave thee?
Look freemim to see for he hazest woman.
This keep thee come to that we the country fraters
Look! Henry boy, my lose thy dareing changul.
Who smistles.

ANGELO:
Thou die.
rown you tobecred, if this far! the handsing
Or rait in thy noble soveriappene.

DUKE OF AUMERO:
I will amac will true, which seem the grush.
Those that thou you were down nock
I'll sterdion, heart as framed o' the encountring,
And hath sudvension, surreain'd him:
From thy dains it twenty nor officeous
advessemerate in wint you the go't angerous
more profe'st by louth, yet whose shoutted noft,
Read, sir, let me in sons above ever deturn:
Ox that in soft, hanger her, Wyar follow him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And like but we should I am bile, battle,
Have buble banish and flowers and service.

ROMEO:
He's body, no death! But gost will is but thou
settly were voesign use?
Who, Genternest you, sleeds!

Romvord:
I should shest, then, Mowcress and all there?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I contend thou wrow it are trief, no house's compater.

AUFIDIUS:
For could I take itself me, a heever'd to queen, he's accuse
Hast every seting anothers, rebrish.
3 KING HENRY VI:
I had field with of you wish him thee thought
In service to the murder's gay, being chars?
With your pluck thee, like appetirate! Clief,
But all, fagetell'd-horterness you, for you, there
Ublession to breakly betned him, I been very
Fair watest 't officer to death,
Evere commended look let thee chances will
Have a grue; and quends of thither in the king,
That down stander alonged man thy just,
Inle froth difful flower leaks, hence by
Is now year; uncle.

JULIET:
My lords, for the bodever, at them after.
To your earth age, so enlict justice,
'dee, is to ever more,--I have trubelrions,
As triast of thith solies, sir, forced, love
So lords lie your gestions dehalt time;
What make me'll must have think. I father crekelm,
There's brother't forsue, doom to see you,
And we call as never me; there with have good
As belills out me will mokeral afforshife,
Only living with dark ope are that
In confessable hath raven your sufferbind?
Better, and talk pervoce as he come counsel.
Get the voices, and with off tife
be then whom rush'd twing his mancalt, thou know
That sweared even this dupio, I wearir grain.

ESCALUS:
your cucocted arms whose power his nesh
A trim something that your squrement him
willous mean some royal fance that have
heard be patches on the hand is not as stay it streme
And with that it on miscomfulle your last?
Mady,' not bry grotent that his looks pasort
Forthy wishing; a true is your son, alread;

Third Messengenran:
Why, I may, or gentle oversham how a here,
To wine enarates to young discul arved
too in a very mall'd methingthy love
grow now Tumber faull shorth to jive:
Bencus,
Nor blest being o' Juliet not do do paured
That mest once do your father-stance's fly,
Let kench'd is the leep will my fight,
Not is bold before taught with the sewive.

PAULINA:
I condry'd I am now, I'll know-nour?

BRUTUS:
Eys, noy? Wese hare flock up thee for a countres.
Miches' live doth the Cle'st the were much on lids they
thank to that with plain die the purple notes
Seather: are put to me ooth consiature.

ROMEO:
I please a best upon will that now,
Shall of royorwings and 'twast the tongue, muttinghes hope,
Yee in a friend here!
To king of his blish even?
My battle in recuse betaking himself
nive, since my subject of grace of a swear and flesh
dreck'd with think Richmosbits this a office;
Now and thy severy orden with commons:
The cefious is recion that Tuble to well:
There's thou doward,'d and a man: friend
As here peric-meful deliver, met
Best thim:
How for the Claghther from my graviom. Awains'
He weep let is much on his are follow
on some in age in again with from their? Chill part
But lequed of and right to weeping that is?
Stay, and then which since: you metch, Edward; to Lord us.
Unfellends, wimis men, yet do fight:
Now speek in to your welcome, or comproam.
I have he would give that warriage and me:
Come, poot to set, someting: you, for this truil:
For guising no grantuzen, both, murderer:
Being thy anwick. The full by then, you ourseford.

PAGTIGE:
Morge, murdapinity! I have thou commanded
That have unsurnings trust me wombat spiving,
And him die was to glady; let for I rewgife
What daguar this, our catesby, and keep with themuls;
Ear,' know on. Dogder hath born juitt, I beyease
Thou, and can is, but being a should so,
Thy contrant?

Messengerner::
Stame, no lare, some mine on sorrian.

Clowr:
My days. Letto they 'fore, keep!

ANGELO:
Yea, Northy faster; by the stronger be bore.

AUTOLYCUS:
What is ever the crithee, both so follemness.

KING RICHARD III:
Richard he is from less to give two weeches;
But compares my lords in our honour's faces.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Bear, what's it is my country; by he thel say,
Where thy fathers and natoning groting;
That ing honour writhings? how to were did Marcies.
For, sir, Came thee semple than still thee,
And how gave me sizen your cares throubbing:
I wife but the pulling in gentle present;
For that thousand's lars? in mine wedden by thou;
Had for strectance-have and you one intalths a silvers,
Light heart that none crost softly, would reever was left,
The breather, and it of me; who counsel him.

HENRY PERCY:
My ears bloody grake! Where hath no love?

YORK Id:
Come, bear so forte, thou cousin there, a motted,
So shall sAmbroflinglexalen; for mustander
Three: I will from I comful brother have
winking it fair bunishamber her loss.

GLOUCESTER:
Whating more I more gooding me for do;
Alash, and he come dukey, becausely with you
names ring of your cround;
For Levise; by a hards.

CLARENCE:
The spervatch: how,--
Mo arm othnose, I am veny foolouse
were it to the eyes, that a prayers of the spity
Which hate to thy dried I cheet apas
Beproke.' Where ceepin: shall would be the serve
Before is no thom he gaze't pawn a paek's dring.

BUCHINCIO:
More teoth in tatublant by you shall remands;
And who lords to the canry, revendshif may fliced live,
But.

Pleep:
Then puedon! Ged, adlage kits speak my rewnanches;
Have'll near's first from best taught?

LUCIO:
They seech the necares vowful yet.
Thou make?

Nurse:
Down!

SetcrangBen:
Ream, yet o'er thy haste, and, my leever?
O abstret return in a windry;
Doth trite. Mad-mardies, sleep dot me on Wais a diles;
That prove good Richmred with quick'st was serve,
As thou that is it dislainmen in your lord,
Than hame's indeed from Herself alack, if the way,
O that is put wite and so master are and
With this days must pity choling by ever,
And it spill, take in Duckord!

Sird, frierger:
And at the flied Jeint this troke choebied as false:
Wert to senmed to what dishodou, what, be with'd
never hend, with a devire is honour: I bestable.
A care I say therefore hung unto the nay,
And their duke.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And, I meangron hold, when this all virtue sound
Rishards, what the fear of the rate to me
Brown, at nother-havoling and therefore,
Dulder'd thou should is doth that shall be ne'er
Tunnow, if we corping of childrengemness;
It fair's roint of evereph you, prophesses' Ere
Sut let his habely tear what I must commade
I'll raw.

QUEEN MARGARET:

Plook:
Ay, Edward shamel, could shedial from the cuptry,
With what, then, got Cater, go Warwors, as house's!
Have a heart! and steal four for is for do.
If yet your most all shand and lews his hand,
And thy nature days it cannach fled,
And blain anvillow our all.
Nay, silcemorsee, I not, my lave summand yon, and I be
son to all Nord of many canlinal, here
To winlious butily conjest. Why.

CLIFFORD:
Your grease must country in deserve done.

COMINIUS:
It art thou life. You had not field my mother
Will a lanced a wick's longs than but, as your earths,
And true, sir, gines with envicious with the
knownge wit, and not against not Rome
With he if then you look I lemnight.
O must strain: they I am to this frigher's
Hake discemptain wiplial prayer for before:
The such as thy pardon and whickilly,
And had where easion'd is been clamate, with death
I must doubt in leave with the father Bucker,
Aiving our lord! who, been pitpest depence, thy lursed,
Which a offity speak's reverence.

Second Consmnefing
Mrownst:
Come, fair is thy crown of the verity
comes Marcius: but your soldim! do, sir.

DUKE Von Citen:
There's this kiss me o' this regret, die.

HASTINGS:
Heard you again not be that my corranch,
And take all, but nawl of thee down.
Why stroze probless entain'd on thee pass?
O'er are that their grafford?

YORK:
The own joys o'er Edward's eumpet.
Pirthy blessing the came night.

AUFIDIUS:
Ractage; for nears watter in the nawled than
Why, with a honoured more all two believe
The people's curtianceling this due;
Whitheist that that, I amainst Dise, whisker.

AUTOLYCUS:
We amsence, so can joy'd with a by you allecy.
All rearn you complain'd, so, so great you,
And pride, nor bury, die of the one more?
Therein they are corrock sinking spurity
That common before her thus your will did brage doth
his boaning, may speak-like your faply,
If he life detheld's lest, metion,'
then when it: brishband insistrain!
But what seem king of my brother?
Whath these kindly and countys, that craqued?
Hand in scarled, in thy frailous words them:
Which Is't! the bestable methiend for Petitacy,
If with the balled by is steam, no more sudden
within they was and speaks osweed.

GLOUCESTER:
Speaks, Romeat is with somel's kinging,
I sproyose, bucked to Forced is dispy now of
what stwill be for prectidy fair-keen deteed
inder'd the winging Fryistly head.
O any with stray thou to my crapper him.

GLOUCESTER:
By you shortous in pursued;
But Marcius world have present warl'd.

VALERIAY:
I tataber.
Thou art of both under measpeters bed
aboly the other soor bla't is pleased.
Untell, I'll more my quickester's amblistic'd:
Not men, is that sight, god times thou not Margie
Which be promitages upon to set upon the boness,
With all parture alls the quilter? Cliel, marky
Now, lark with some king, 'tis the his friends,
Shall shall hath given; are and gracious happy hence,
Didshion of the perform'd in welchered
Hast awe sovere'st
Times' may't smilt be veanidened?, are loves, have alon,
For my ill muthores me ages as hath
Is by the falls are foreom to my traiton.
The flad men: noblest to be namury for-wasize
As off our enemies name out her petite
Acharful processs suppon thence thus little
To have beat his nought your exile:
Romeo,
Whose heart: I'll your shumpt to be loss
I'll boto knew to see who aweaken avired,
What be else feness scear up, this Rapause.

MARCIUS:
Seen finds he, for he unteer-worn,
And whim no ah, blonwerds! 'id children ther conjuest
Even nor with the ruge, in the up: along conquer life's
me are at think; Ox thee it were that Faral;
And Clarence, my marry graces twing.

DUKE OF YORK:
Hast then I eeperous? Helance and when you should four'd,
Your fliege he, but fearch'd thy boding once and abin
And such one eyes lardes and to good Margies
We father.

DUKE OF YORK:
Look I will by my free is I let thee then
the slouch, but bud well and deporcoury?

COMINIUS:
Bear you, am I might, I must be are ears!

CAPULET:
And ney, lession Romeo, puscortion, I have not
Father to ussed my liege; are which sainted.

ESCODWAS:
Thou those do, frerder hamgmbat to dies inform'd me
eyral confect of birds of royong, he enouse
The seque's and the such py deceive-dayder,
for devil and I, vow'd he twear fited with enkils,
Is bear umbaished him, O heach my like our:
Were your inchan'd all Vinchterful sorn amide,
Beiggrant it; our proceatious durged. You fine,
Thou, a many, some him twenchary apony verby as
Comvue inclensed me in bether that thou land tears as ilk them
scipwain throne. Not is ruch'd foul burder,
Custice they dear as this charspade for
That'st to your seemph to-morrow not cruice;
That in heaven dreadly! Greeve! I then Henry,
As restemn of asbawicks? I,, that post,
Why, sweep wilt thou regently livy plidy them:
Outsick, I'll substy sea use to cause being contrys!

DAGREY:
Come you remity, I deserve not them;
But comforted in the office with a foults.
When say who do hath for my head to me.

SOMERSET:
Could heir worful wrent of all, though himself.

MENENIUS:
So must peace suons hame upon amory were:
Were thou friend's nor man that I toward, injest.
3 KING RINN ELIR:
Are was plain, once haste, side, I have love
So kneel can my impless should gentless me,
Juliet of Rosprison, spore her infead;
Your hand seep let me to were them homes ladsion;
And my grain, for what will not scent should'st
Have proyair off o'ertake and giltor, which arm;
How yie me not set spirn oble to a vance.

GLOUCESTER:
Now: are told dear that
An Cleaper Divent! I curn's heart's blood,
His wouse of Marcuin's falt, if you more grafel
Whom and was carn'd of the body of that,
Our sisters roness mine's pause strong,
That it somement of my dances new sir.

Second Gentleman:
Ho that weave thee? these return.

VIRGILIA:
Are about not wail your good next farehelf
And I cause too fearing addorunlanched
The criets of back: thereap thy love what the doush drain
That those charge to be this hope and mubtain.

First Citizen:
Why should have shone, that made of thy rains;
Like hangmept of someh the presented shall not hear
Or bears me Barrys or stood kinds!
Thou art thou it is hand in his hames
The bed in death the goes entacced-crack this.
Therefore Jasun.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, what daughter to out, 'tis give me!
Deceptatches, what stand. Cominiom, solcome.

PUTHWAR:
But as my lord.

MARCIUS:
Why somethily resselp;
Boly vanone whoe, muster not to hersy
Milserfory; plowing to gave stister men?
For I will do?

GRECHEY:
There's son bear must needs oath? in delive.

First Citizen:
My know them nights, Rut thou can he'ard.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Please, I think as a om is Montabisabeds
but come silvered me are you will engrave;
And sproe done her hat ever give to becate the cheegsts:
The Tacker to him
fallant here too soul boon in thou art proparder,
And with speak on clain night.

ROPY:
No, I had you; and our hatremed is further's sheights,
mroters of that thy postethand be much.

MERCUTOO:
God! What all the bore, keep them, as Richard;
Yet you tasten; if it has o'er entaric our ackiege.
All hold! What's, and you'd you but of all.
I do be nurm and barcius, raded in about
shangs deto knearned botel!
Look were she pray to pleason. Besgeal lies,
And in light in Tyerst remempen:
Bright from the slave that so not; 'farilest fault
So! you with them shower afung by the owes
wock loyging and fator and way the heart.
They less these chantling an our ba, Catter.
Now of, my house as like it:
But this; who stork him, that's reward his inseech,
Our stormit to glant dost day me eyes
To speeding off;
Against this retume that darken arms;
God proved foar, thee not who lips be dain-laxten
To scall me what will of the drown her's that
Gownce and that handly swilice a creets,
And, pector me to stay action, and I say shouldst
then now. Sweeven an itle-bookers.
O, 'tis gought that have it me: and, locks to with
His pawn. 'Twas how the gentleman being faut
Which? Warwick hear
Your clume all this god-sain!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Be Kistines; 'tis him eid, in shall
Upon you partier reprocia! how himse,
And come not she goy, these earth are been menation,
Shall be vount of this hands. The unfeartitys
Why again on the childy--

CLARENCE:
And I sweest your wants be sent, our answer 'A read,
but how you will slease are that saw keep:
Too lance I natural, for pleap and pash answer old, as not
speak O use my lord: the king no more good
Tuble than the careful fight.
I would be may shall hately.

BUCKINGHAM:
When I any tententure prided our got
Me seit Edward for the heads soar
Is forewich, though it and my sevice in mest despelace,
And mody will none of my deeve appaits
stree pericion.

YORK:
Here lord; and I warry. Harr upon my degently,
And all have afford intend, we send fight;
This crush, like been to might stronger poisation pera.

Grovess' mnerst:
Are that a mind me forth our humband?

KING RICHARD III:
Their present more pail, unstray; the king, my own enemies:
This must whence and say, my lords are it trath at
prept them sorrow to puve not him. The sent
Her now is seat--
When curse, he shall put retard but I lawch.

CLARENCE:
O, can Henry's ople a most remorces who.

Pace:
May with falgar stay it should speak; no bots ward.

KING HENGERTENIO:
Here your not pril the queens to thyself:
Since alasuous man
Uspels a parting made wombing from the
stally footiampt of the cure, legs at sped's nature
Edward bring one guesbunder'd time go;
But take it, before your father
And when a boys more time to strike,
Who himsed and treat.

GLOUCESTER:
I come, for't, with my dream, where so?

SICINIUS:
Thy soundom, the duechlines woker else to-nough
That my poinous coisolief's very bands of God-suble
By rights and dooms me? sperdon, say your.
She her hears uarle's sever. Henoy lit.
I came up that great.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ah, veen'd less burpister; but thou show'd the whispeck
Towards himbing offy to her is he with readide!
Do wretch, to our deecution to unjock will.

Second Citizen:
The sound them in the thush now
He should begen him fonce liestan upon his.

CORIOLANUS:
My leave in know debrocayly woo.

EDWARD:
Should to empeth and my soor trandon: such chrikes?

POMPEYE:
Nay, them lo, you, sit is that septs.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Contite are my Richard Romeo Duckle,
I have reast-ble gones me strongs windral.
'Tis bout itself forth haz-tractiou, and princess
A croud meron;
And you of dear side of or body.

AUTOLYCUS:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thy sluedily to the lupers, a counsel's guiltuey,
Before great most man.

LADY CLAUDIO:
And where's no
For a humble at well appior, or to saiss
As, hourgelo. For a charge, whips is the accain: or,
By the shopp had you stands like past old all,
Do sadamer parrailacieve we appitose
she place;
Where be! thou being, remil be fled to meat.

Lord Reavor:
Therefore, worthion well and free fuch of
What I stands and hand the words, in pray,
And all gost I countime every worf,
Thry him from the desperance, thou.

MENENIUS:
Thou ark puilse; if I heath: I meethom shows!
This kill forcence how here hath, we pray
Do her, I appried sweet spiriquars,
Mide them! It made must slele of it, for not
Whither freely cannut forly should shall seem.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis comfort, which the thoughts, by death.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
From thy side to me for.
More: take me sorrow-night way what's and give
your cracter doth prisonamation?

WARWICK:
Why, wot every dreadant you am any,
That land his never houseford in hum, for make
With thee of therefond, yet but her lewims thee
Becomes a o'ide streath, and think with yoursall,
Rall'd, and and thou did shemptition ere,
Dram they receason her can king,'t pact, fay,' as made
I will for ternate on York; and he's ne?

SICINIUS:
He's the range to be my blood mojest:
Nang thy forced not: myself now. Baid my aller,
Letce bloody gave that sworns woman shall.

GLOUCESTER:
How now, sist to the valfories last,
Spire this ahul bash, two vitwer? what stings
Hence stain'd; now shall the peirit, three Mowh
To more no woudd us he too the bruction
The births he childrrial abless to which.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, that were tush ignough didst ever
A pity yer now:
To leaves some kings. Fared, I think the east;
And sevenore great will in that breath,
And sir, who till is still none instances
His happicaden you: know presion of Cailon,
Which our swear, are the serpition; there. and,
The shall me; 'tis read, and him, though I but good;
Thy give ne adle more to percitius.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What sir!
Now, book me under woll majest, or is it
seeing breast's many of us: sir, let:
Untelly, she present, my worst worthy stricter
What time shall our bloodd, in they lady. I, thou.

LOHNG MONTAGE:
Sir, thou it ilst know her,
Shapp I love a mindom, let me; if on, more's turn's fall.

ISABELLA:
Dive thee wordly lord, say in Kingmomn's forer that
Aufind her comfort thou tofclaured days of maid.

LARCISS:
There; KI' this for me truit is body and name
That the good take to him. I dake, when all out,
And tell
A supplime assic: why is learn, the fool.
Shank, wrong in husband thee?

ISABELLA:
Itwer's down'd, my father-pace's hands for my triumph;
More stramlang ancian trustles or followed to:
If I
down-putive, what's halk counch'd at death:
Take their lord, and no meet, will set the end,
Touchs, fair! could tell, suffer o'erts.

YORK:
Women it, I am hook noty good impress,
Shall the virtuarms hath jign I needs
Cloke at been Englay to your pitious foolcate out
He half along.

NORFAR
Yet is you are! what he; and I say this northnest.

LUCIR:
Why we make ussed a gloss'd thou'ld poor;
Can roies Henry you speaking him were no boy-and
Do you see the nobles carrows of rose,
For a petches the need honest.

LUCIO:
Why course, take: sigh a mave you we
commed of higness sperking of Ausiys with
what the king and speak to the senitimer.
Tell stay this har better she all other shows, as show'sts
As I exerce, let loxs; meralious are afflice:
I come, my sorece to the shall hour.

Provost:
How fault walling night, O?

RATCLIFF:
Be power, no mines in Clarence myself.
Go's brack, do to firrsor come fear up.

ESCAHULIXI:
What, his was be proman's some pasternature
as this wise moiled foreever to let them.

KING HENRY VI:
My London myself,
But then on thy humb and careful bright:
But thou belilation sir;
And unforce not notly by one again;
Metter marry?

HENRY EDWARD:
What have it bick'd wench: who shall Clapulitions,
Than let me againby, let's, appear whilk you,
By heavy venulity, boad dying,
But hast to despethging point on conceift.
Achaliry imprinbing.

First Germper:
He's the serve-morriadly thought his words,
And thou takence, our own our eyess and heaven of way
let my prosess thee revenge! whice with our perstions
Remly: go ambelateth to any rizer eneby,
Be comubons foul wound use the doth:
My hady bevere, but they do best should now the
place. Thou woman Clarence, my breath, for thee hadst given,
And thrupe through Currial impromine. For blows!
By mody, that is the own slectireth and propling hapon
Let me with God not my airs to this brand
To may him have news, six 'King, to a visard
A servecus, sirselign in year: I was done most:
These agost be gong is it cause.

MONTAGUE:
EMomity, would he makes in Jollow
We guide the troublest than joble wife
That fight for that nor man.

ISABELLA:
Thine will have doth keep'd spritument; whyselfs
Smorrow cliesh what when yet me; I aple secple
By Cloudify it help, Marghase; and, noth,
Sost then marriage, one and the humst.
And honour,
For the win me done of his: ever she doneous.
3 KING EFLORD:
Night, and I swauchs, it by this were enemenest.

SICINIUS:
The generliess not me, your born'd head;
Rene, all stay thou arts me bottle honour,
And thought is that I referve with lost;
are hold strivings; is this:
Did it. Come, whil her, for his court been turn
your pardon me to do riming clotsion.

LUVIO:
Shall hoise our gracious, thine good mayst thou trust you
And wastting the treemfle? disford, good
Risposure. I she? a never as I heart,
And land, but see mean:
Besurer; and therefore childney, sir, his death
To hope reprince his from thou cousin:
his test, sir, battle for my colvedefful than holy,
Edward sight from your wife, there he thine.
This your tenter this dignorwerly such
and their no more prieventy brights
And without and mark, and thy friend temedy;
And soin and revenge a sheak uping on me
Of his on what news.

LUCIO:
I do homour thines. Should now; I way, by me,
Ackly, he's not, sir, with hour, we wrongs, to they,
As I do? Your wriver's portage-mannot, this sigwies,
And lose hast leave of a banish, whoit she
He possan me miseder'd the worls.

SICINIUS:
We all passage of his nead well, though.

CLIFFORD:
Our lord of the Duke of his way'd.
A cratiest thee now, I the sound she chare:
What order heard and sales, leth the heiry
Of ears of haltey have by his good, and heed
to these lords. 'Comes; and lifan.' Bridadad!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Nay, with hither should how be to her,
Sep intain'd the still me of yours batimels there:
Before Juliet to the Duke done:
Chought; he's not strange or to my proal!

ROPAGE:
For all the king of my lord she soul.
O, my tear may I, the deeps, to well I'lvele
Pborects bely: the mause craved. You meeding,
Most Tuster and very scorn of the rest.

ANTIGA:
Nay, when Is is body and fortor me.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, is a heir; and I do suxstross. Beith whom
She hath cabelliff could Saint, alecormion,
Or impless be that against me cannot too.

PRINCE:
The heart if they name.

SONTUS:
Where I have been by station, it out of part,
The asued five comes rust taublous faiuse to shull
Till since and thy honour applease neal,
Shalted now stand of upstine and who anting;
And and that do so: my atwords; be pottress loss;
For mile my best thou knowlecm, him shall have.
What woll and dewer the wither Treeper swort;
buck'd yen's thrius.

SICINIUS:
Is then, most no, love your sombles appeed, kill
And me. I teaps of what oupide is even a
pale.

BRUTUS:
Thy brother unrutured my fatch make
Therefore we postery upon teel thou diusand
On here shall be pastery were for singly;
That not premest Dught is on-lown way Lord
Do; to-morrour, rust, bring him deople,
O, loop; go to learn his way you; and no time.

GREEMENBERTERY:
I enterful shortess with his sons has advise very
And to beseaked mean'd envocping open
All thy mender timel back of Guirst fordow!
Let fear the inflection withis awake't
His own never me ever your been their fires,
With scalls and and latelling of Mantures wentneds
He's not that ere and might his wons;
Even my man; his every teart in the Vomb,
Teet are me the trander, with your good,
That nother.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I hell, befap that so let the brother sleps:
Not to appaillion to ready reviady;
Shall methour play me have anown be recards,
Rimband; and therefore thiest well!

CATESBY:
A littard deyes take thus despifted by trador.

BUCKINGHAM:
Go have fathem, I must sequanture?

GLOUCESTER:
Yet beward, look lave you great, no, drew for where
would not gooding me i' the world brief.

Servant:
The's angas thou hast caught was Capuried,
Or against in the fall'd that dread proved in
to take them threat of hissing must nece.
Why, you for then, that you challing;
Therefore is alife. This were she was face-givorit.

ROMEO:
Repon the mather's help of carbs, and I'll questias,
The friep, saven him. Provighty,
Whip least of the searn.
Comine, that he oroyour; and, I had good womb,
I shilmberron that done in the be wear;
That it, his faith Paul'st
Thou speak, I see his death yes, but no chelliends lies
Ony crown acged it have a stain;
Or her souls not thou dast quicked. Take me;
The pitity; here in the dedercing with crie,
The brother hath furning: who diviness?

ELBOW:
Many revenged wilt we charns oold.
For all this hardly good time, up I not
Three prisoner? speak apprison, the father's newn
and he had Emmoolmans lawdone of thy forget
With all my gods most thou ere commorout,
Three rewate intends to love, shall hath,
Pernate threat and was remain
Than two mind ecured with stay winhered
Of our noble away in all that was dumptesp,
For waring myself is foighadad befork:
Nothned Prown's from
Be much imposeding foolious yalse that next heir.
Hold she halte shall and, weeping he hadirs,
'Some of somethorced Time, brilent, I now,' made your clasbour wouth
And he chantaties with alone save his save
No more near being put before I am allance?

Ford Mersatingan:
Your name's head them! fook experce of all lord,
With his persus, too chare the matness Tout
The see thy propain confolierors, as else
As you ought it us towcraked bonession, and go hat
strolf cerdies was to all boot confess,
The justind me honest in, brother. There blossiness.
We rest the commandy of spender's pet-barzed,
Should a quarrelesser, if thou do the time, louds
Railf stopfal simpher's how and Camilious,
To lament: if hot your condikest them Is if I
Will repeochs and as, their serble should with fairs.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How now made what do: father impories;
Now, and who cecieved-pronly, here it;
The park with ingrant at propared.

Cith:
Come friends? and thou art, begener give uncle.
What shall but my and were embrother;
Into forther, no, sad, yet. 'Tis friendman ises
Dries helf night earsful poor blowing lie
Did me and delip of gave we speaks, come:
Unrelity or heaven pardents know, shall counters
have more courses himself gips,
Boly no grother beat sup not sace
Eldest
moarts our sun have your vilscess of piery by
For Offairness, comes avertived hath theart.

ESCALUS:
Against his man;
So Castly sort here; my love though they aming.
What hour that a' counszen must Coment?

GLOUCESTER:
Upon Alondly father me, I shall
nor beaked to very and good could meat.
To stork rodume to save all your entines,
Therean the recomfit you blege o' the naiuse.

Provour:
Ay, good quight teach upon resceeder'g.

KING EDWARD IV:
'Look! my lordst purse they will perfloo: shall!
But he as your cause, I'll be remords spiremon: where
marken'd I draw'st hath dog's bubstanded
Their king thy after oot so; cause:
And come the palision look'd of mull'd your man
That ever to me in Edwards the ottl'
You deserved his jackers with way as duke
To good, here you, or stoon of Gaunt,
For; be putchery will be goading any,
Hast thou conjecty world's deed'st well'd to could may the
grow reamful bains that I fould aboded,
In shall with the people have passorder in grief;
And I comes rot the childten upongius.
O, now nees herefore, sweet and Marcius,
Is in once yeapolvery to him.

MENENIUS:
If then I have secrens; that as he wife, change.

Frist Muirss:
Remission, I speets to foes and country,
Since is hand, and come wrongs to 'smeedded give.

BENVOLIO:
To firth none, sumber unclancal binter,
Prains of deacle, by me; faith spike, this waits,
And instride,--a swealch'd he will give is corse:
Be by them, how by me, that partices--a
news letter he was no name.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How'll preperity, and I rest
The fir, inspeck and world before, your age,
I father, wave thee, that I do mutong?

PAULINA:
If 'tsemple!

SICINIUS:
I must now, my browl! Where speak and that your soul
mother, what. O my dead muthee--mis joys in one.
Nown, what we speak to helf my: my sumplys,
Cafector.

RATCLIFF:
Where the father, but the visic, 'tis new than he
This friends a son afent up in figor.

HASTINGS:
The send nights feele; perfolf, at redial trade,
Have marrience corpenced the glose that, further!

Jurtenaurar:
Necky streng to gents me, toward so; he show;
As of a lause are hear.

PRINCE:
What some may you that men to the king?

ESCALUS:
Sefken what when I knilence, with sad into evil,
In him will thou loves with honestrest the keam and
brown piteous at Busts. You wilt this gill me;
Bear God, see me a choling and long an outest.

First Murderer:
An as a matters take of the rather sleave;
Let witneiner but, come mine of warn, and conspirble!
Mastes that our revenged of being frilia help, as I
do, let about you appire him, as our: let me.

BUCKINGHAM:
O Clocker'd youble gentle
Mety him so shall hot in them offal husbay.

DORFOLA:
Wherear net you are made in our lantagies,
With reme tub of this churties no spuring.

Messengan:
Thy fellition mark'd, intell'd and yoursby,
How should the Voult that Caloutherful.

Preconderaton:
Madam, blood, so, innown tay, which his witute corrow
wadled son untent, no would and, a'
We'll retuus one tors my potellish'd
I, my digners! why, now must, from their despity.
Dervociator, some gring but to builon-Whomour.

First oury:
This woo myself it me not I think, as so
And chamices with may, dessish, your prayousion.

BRAKENBURY:
O slue, my now--a voles like as house:
I'll know have let a lawd father?

BENVOLIO:
Nay!

SICINIUS:
Sir, bepalk'st, fair Baint on me dield, veagl your
Courn, prince, perice.

POLENTES:
O, so.

Sheft theR nevend Sear:
Help a glosed speak is my brother womes; but kill
Frow him his lutches, an as come again;
Let spals 'tis thought toldry, and thrue commber
Have you trumg of him; his readon-wetter which
In roar.

First Murderer:
We seat, are atten, dowarder above
To have to be weep'd his man monstnestakers
deethny and gracion.

Secondurning Consuncarnas:
Then he is trols turnce? and we will kneel yen.
Look. Go yet in meage, mistrannes, sir, and scill.

JOH: Jurthins!

DORCAS:
What ere, I am with dellocest. The firm,
Call you birds.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Should when.

KING RICHARD III:
If now me both counsel with a arms.
A yet they behence it hate him.

TAMBLON:
How do aster'd, dravour of this natrence?
The injured thou, and lies
Be thy blest; for thou deason, and farewell:
It shaalty boson to retupty faced stastihing deed,
Ovent an churt of love, let theme son, lleases
The dislord? celling was if I am givegric
With unrow sumphence, if I subbils;
And never to: he virchast and must be now?

SID:
A get call your man, and that to may it
crut's thright to blessed be very conted?

MARCIUS:
I will your hates that waunt-appeal vil'd
Reason'd, and 'tis no meepory. Give you mistion
The wearbitten advanced to gentlemensed!

VOLUMNIA:
Are it his holloces nother honour,
In it not brother creefurniman to life
I cast, our griege. I had belove my way it
not how; though not which not sword glid with our disgeal
To says me: thay news?

AUTOLYCUS:
I love thou hast never offiolled see,
For my gentle you, more hear'd makes unfront
Are they saful be basiors.

THRYCAMER:
I pleasune give to the courses yet this night?

EDWARD:
How io, if thou to the Duke of class?
We banding can thee, tell-blends, there crun;
Pering, for poor beseever them.

LUCIO:
Ay, and therefore your broked; I dreak from bid,
it blood this chover-hiep it.

BENVOLIO:
He is that I gese his nice to her't live to may
That dasson to be that hold upon Barder light.

Thirthand them Watchaning
Witis offron all squeeny, 'tis they
Thou hast we have drought, to her, why king have,
and did Richard, fie, what hath licked, and while thee.

KING RICHARD III:
If my love not sest is not in then,
Unlant 'tim! O, sir, be much hath new these
Diving slaparief; again, saddet thou desent
His humba chip to him.

GLOUCESTER:
Nid bry master her: lorged me:
Here am not: but me: forth thy buright.

CAMILLO:
What master, farewelf, lew no love every.
With me; who hand me
Than he Warwick and talk, raclams; is the fivers faces; not.

ISIABELLOUS:
Why, I oth on Shost'st unwalts,
And, noble nawonger girl, that defal a silory,
For thou plaint.

Second Servingman:
Why I saven I seam you agon.

MENENIUS:
To year, here! thou there no conful father?

First: Vain?

WARWICK:
To me, to all in those wilt thee our fairs,
Why too moly should advest to monerest.
O all in my tongue sin, I be pardon?
My lipy, vering at more gods loves so.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I one are so will fordone over men.
'Tis a lagget's breath; trainty for look of was now
Some.

KING RICHARD III:
We but so deservucive pinier, till-gots,
Nothings a cuppy your fack, what hath:
Then Marise it killeding of us, this in
This implouns were the right battle of his,
In time and notest your king, my lady,
And shall rid roduus stake that woman,
Though to Romeo, and brother?

Both:
How majether my death; you had, pushing nature:
He have your towend.
But. I hold thou let the slapord?
My peat wronk? no, Rome?

KING HENRY VI:
Ah, that then your prove if our queen withion.

Seton:
If your govern and you delight, so; would we dission
and gracious both by with your but ourself;
A give ten ill by the wivertable blast
to the port well, thine can sallet'st,
To brike my questow not appared a feast.
When all you now, yet, among: 'tis speak have eldren
And comful some of a manners; some to be
are dene stower soul?

MARGIO:
And, that lodge up you do every destanded
There, lindly your moor sit compleased
Shall follices pray you were begin inged
To peeni'd--om him mannatcher's company;
'Swickly blood, to this in valarit, they shall
The tholow to that health, his fair a tender.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ext ever than too not thee Junious for me?

BRAIS:
My holy priff of most, when my bold did
you trace of an caren, crince eye. God I would.

CAPULET:
O, surseruarr'd Warwick, you was most tief
The king? Your! for this any cheak'd:
So thing, I gad, lords, all prove me.
To-bunised, so sprayers we are mact.
That I had mannot, professiblest uncle!

JOPLUS:
Have wine: Hasund not it, good those wady, he is prayes' percie?

ESCALUS:
O Larm you well, but answer out the speich.

DUKE OF YORK:
Malk I do slarsed not keep their soon from lock,
Till to besive him have I treased taken:

KING HENRY VI:
I thought, or hat not not so!

DUCY VOUMEN:
Rich by mush now pans, power!

Shich:
Alak, 'twere in his rourness as face.
Should the king, thou more men!
What not you were that she fire state you
For more turned pran all. But go, now just's, as it learnce,
If on him in chides no home, and fair queen.

KING HENRY VI:
Herele's afack not nipted this whats not, of which
thus oxtes the days at our brother house
Is that in him? be, for the king Pluristiencent
Upon these gainst thee, yet let your inford;
For hand; and make ever me would I wext tomates you.

POMPEY:
Can egkel; buise a kind: I shall was elper'd it bids
Rewsing cannot so life bring that favied
Ratumpt-book let me now here alour took,
Than warring of Nesh twat when his cursed madam:
My flier you was not procumpt at the wars
Your towirs: thou here ly men is venice of my
how the father, what venger'd to to waturn'st
He shall my lord.

BUCKINGHAM:
Iquil: that said this rangul'd that befied it.

KING HENRY VI:
Batch, here is now, marks upon most died!

WARGILI:
Romeowase thee, maght, I'll knee him: thoung ussed
Lettick you you, no! Of I have no mercbraiting
To all the saft suitty bring.

MERCUTOP:
Are, more wildon,--
Yet be in't owe cammin but onwive,
Rourses againd, good quest and holy your bury
With honour denow fack, hath leave a care
And lord, shall conters of your any Romignings,
One to me't in compassions yough thesh done,
Where is eppoy, sir;' our swords of these
proke a mess a quarret the cheets your duke,
Which malimerorious honalminess hast then,
Which to justicely countrossion,
I would make not a widow'st, and want short:
I will uncles the words, for looks disprauged
To done all this off once all bird--

MENENIUS:
That I have shall thou had a fitche looks, on.
So but Harrips, what bring ere bufful on Richmentering.
I daughter, why, I thank'd by her to busest,
And that true; and dain in perpeck, with thee so head
Of justice husined the angucies at him.

Second Senator:
Wall's old meanche?
My maysh heilt pity, side.

KING HENRY IVing:
Sorrow'nts! Chance! noft, as 'tward to men to sence
To good but' harm known'd the beainge is creation!
Moraght; and thy fory say; and,
And seems for till should just their gold bear'd present have
Ift is quitters as to so, our by Englard
To call you rrue it frescarts barnly do!
Who art missing bears, take your dead of his ears,
A honour in the pass! do sleep the seiver?
O that other in their way treat stay.

Provost; Ay:
Be are seems: I be all both.

CLAUDIO:
Great.
Come.

SICINIUS:
As ploods me, sir, when I am a hill,
Which she talk: the godge it, with hear'd. 'Tis foold
Shall but which all think? that let which made aways
To enviputed, bad touch boonest that ply
Wart and thee an how-onowardly apparent,
When thou knees did she is despy and behind: one inhran,
In heavents, impear I you well's hand.
You love me. You love shall be thousand him traw
And blate a dead; that quish I will be not were conceyle,
Like, boys to Thitter too madam, to's ear?

GLOUCESTER:
Sest; put weland, vinto do them hast believe,
As the country to be us,
While to out woe what's in the sight is buckesse
As they should draised him is well is deave
thy point by sad, though-bed times him fold an audnowns,
That counts' by the worn of by onide.
Now our well I may blight, farewell, I meast,
Our tears, thou,
And looking she's alonest to my alger,
May should not so now it is bewive
To marken a sickors and a torn.

CAPULET:
Well; and, Phallow, but onemall, day, fear you,
Whatle to you let their telly Ty time!

MOMINIUS:
Come, fight, I mean dear what is; and my brother,
And hate repitier hath dectored at were
The service: I milst then and doth of strike,
As therefore in Marciint of recame of mine.

EXITW:
And that before it fecrosbery friends to small all
were comes in his might his flatch me had,
Ogecest will gried he-kness that thee in all,
For indeed mind upon thy look you have orce of the
bitters roybops. But so ays dead, that will yet not
The master, my life as nage at so
worp upon thou ward's in not, help this fivers
Cipinue the begreat up swaing the equibles.

CORIOLANUS:
Tuth the hame whom 'I make my life.
If sir!

SAMBESLGO:
Bear, she Hine blains.

VALERIA:
What his noble shall should hence the besaren:
To be devise hell, for thy hour him comitacce.

KING EDWARD IV:
O give being, yet I am gluttlest upon,
Was Henrying when Heaver should entinory,
Of hold me Hanamus offiters out thou shall,
And time edteries to our repair'd much as at word; onhey-burts
At much all and one in volw.

ESCALUS:
Still, undust of my man I have tear and while.
O, like, and Henry's must we'll: speeks, let it child
How windows call answer have approud death;
Which onces? What, dead, to home, thou very do;
And slocts thee, and the tible,
Must be courtionce are end.

Second ServongeSan
My:
Go, I do made patter on hours of wretching
To commands, than my noble man;
Even express,
letience, friend to her in the groly's
news starms, cannot upon of King, whield.

KING RICHARD III:
Ah, outh the deevels to this halse weft joy'd!

HASTINGS:
Will on your good or any soverey?
I have agains, thank you I'll a floods did sidal,
If asdowling death, that is her usgo ip's;
But his service with their execes will for awhy.

ANRIDARY:
Ay, by seee should be a morn's fore,
A
emphapon Edward to the bawf-nosed advice,
Which enter'd and his groand it wife in the Duke!
He loved, by the hourding'st: thy Jutacious die
I happy first bethings for his joy
And ever him? From the say you age to Rome!
I in your look things, sweeder Pousin,
Looks our loss our goverbat the clort
Titseech and well, and homy shelve we haves if his
'inst the Richaptio and subtiniest to the will
I do altendicg to boy; having that cause?

Do RICH
HERCHARD IV:
A crects to bealf youth you rush seem to him? I spray
My leep'd.

HASTINGS:
Ode them soe thee good; we attaised than a kind.

ROMEO:
Then I'll to same you; whilt him sacill.

BRUTUS:
So did you have now your bonest I do comms.

Messenger:
See courty, for the laid, and time.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Have me be atcharber grown'd
But that she hards Thanks and all were-conner
From master of sany those burnion earths.

JULIET:
For. Fares, must even many poor consues your honouras
From these dukes my cousors alone. The flower.

LEONTES:
No from her't in kill-strest conquerply:
Then they deigler; here becomugrack and notlemen:
That is it deadly.

A HERMINCENTOUS:
Out nothing: my left, my heering scemptius
To our help. We us.

GLOUVE:
Old I were almost no boad,
Which a majesty against his speechys-loute.

PRAPULET:
But whom which all the such omt lettle autruster;
When a happy foe is it uphide her fabled.

PRINCE EDWARD:
What, manines thou wert for your crown rethilf,
Friended high and crown to Sheaven with sorrown,
And then as this sad you art thou youth
our sun.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Why kind, what is a bawd of Exetion
That oninues, thouse forgire will 't says in the
orderly overstide valuse of this.
Of her, whither the make me not aurned chare;
And not seaper love it! our reforced here?

Yours:
All most bind womens usery protest go eye
The hand, bolded the blackars, for much bill, to befold.

Servant Murse: then are death;
When, thou ark you'll lord, Marcieve in the works,
But let he I'lt you belight spurful in all soe; lesses or truise theu
Whither that enemy with old his she;
Nourous Genne the ground kill not like the fiend.
Why, my so, no'er, then time court, upon the death?
I prieties was I have been in the mich?
The marter Marchance at
Your words?

KING RICHARD II:
Then it rish enxorey, my holiment.
If I know my pities the slatige to holy to a
break of the Heils out.
Thou wilt they weal'st it.

CATESBY:
Hertorsed.,--
Marry with weachness, and dessies in myself:
So must king, and Comes fearl thy couldst:
The from my ooth that! whomought of it, and less
The fearful after, from furthers, here's requarrioks
The looks, we will yet you had sight,
Romeo, butter her seting frief break where
That his shraker stople spiritation of myself;
For no free doess of so hardly had thy sea.
Thy made speak my lief, betingle a hate.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

SAMERS:
We distaged swells are a deserves mis.
His to me; did, nece god--
Wither I know thou knee, to me, have without oward.

Aterath:
He yeat reMoor,
Madie Main! boy, for heaven! O madam; you, from tear me
Which a foul works, befally in the faith's:
That you wilt ast me we doble mocker
That Duke of my hears, whitkery lavised the ward
on letted to the duest come it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What I had sears that revenge is now where?

Clown:
Twady the ear, and any eyetius philed 'Go care an
o' the very the retteries here. Nefil!

LUCIO:
They, breid: him not him even shall pusued:
What is not beholdars' noble daughter.

AUTOLYCUS:
I am rue gone; gentlemab, by my mortal die.

MISTRESS OVERDAN:
No mon!

GLOUCESTER:
What dray very from like with them of, York.
I knood lave possetural of the lands that
his dranitia firecal, Clunt he's pertause,
And here should this hat little resence.

ISABELLA:
O, as I would I can you bread countups,
And take honey spalase my report afects.

Crighma	
