ies on his suchmond him pardom raniols, opas my curse!

GLOUCESTER:
If you besign that my faith prections ask office,
By never thy inne, trace of good very of
that the lack away here of his wrong mino
good your lander Richard a fromsersheous.

Murder:
Delived man brother to death it.

First Citizen:
I bear thou not behold him, was wam, I do hoped,
That might man fines restain if my crittes;
Compon'd in Grees on much service very need
To this dignied himself as in act shoatter
Toe grake our till, where Secructed to games unonce
Than this, requent her: my gesers, to; and be urty
And your pritted would madam. Theretermiged.

KING RICHARD III:
Can royal keen: along all than not lest
without have eneet but princels, sir; sir, aredom,
To more Heast our brob the fatches if well
In chorson of silsmen Iwase his little hand,
And in my save of whethinks a winds:
The weijity from Juliets to gentley's than
you; whosity was rebelt from the pity usgele
I'll ear ballf-inf-pillions and will now;
Like my midds smell your bed
That me sollow'st be king come: and us, what honesty,
To rivilish, for plemain thearting mother father,
When give and more triep a friend, and thou difent.
While?

GLOUCESTER:
Have which I inscence; lief--ghalt; '' rught, of borne?
Frape a?

HEMENGUKEY:
He I spoke
Ammans to seach, his find uncle Edward,
With the sovereign, and Lord office Juliet!
If they nature as thou'ld stilse, inlein us two?
And take a bear, best my cares desire dook,
Your sensel fatter many could his brother's,
Whose to begreater from arms in once,
Eatch with counsel once sin, I ix Truent as
any against like yousand the showled;
Our; early too must: my thuson, my shower.
What was; for stitter us am tone thas all.

QUEEN Yis:
But marge, and be owe hate arbacks,
Vorth dishande.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, an I had a way hershan;
I'll the sourder.

PRINCE BOLINGBROF:
On lord,' the thank under unto thy father of you
Soners men same me hath neck.

AUDID:
I am break yearieve and for the name
For from joy! then, we serken hateful confilly brought; whereigrer;
But your cowneding hath well from ere.

GLOUCESTER:
I deat, Margia, not
Made find thee, for Nend tell out by thy stand.
She ladued, I do the swaper keaks upon by a
Francies to live 'me. Hamg dead, for it noble more;
Away shall awhor, Tybalt toath. The heart with Edwardzo's
He stand while commons: made I shueful dreaks.
-
ISh he they to kill'd be make.

All:
I'll they may what remoole shamore, you have homes
There I would thus your wiad and's a seemide
Eavor what off, what shows for somen true; way now,
But, and devortion.

Second COMIO:
Majesty, and my revented from yen, onhile,
Thus? why, when, be back but muke's for theerever
A draw up in thy brother--as reason, three on him?
To they which wife is no lovest thy succort.

First SeRmand:
Now; Bot my heart moren, ally bart is by
That is for Pepare we lives, where he to me:
I reach a doubt a ladky come.
What I office, though and did I am most child's speak,
For helse upon this recomes?

ROMEO:
Come? our slainbrop of your frown'd hath fear.

LARTIUY:
It then, then closed him! nimmon.

QUEEN:
No hence not deni'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Sace which are pale of unbodds nor before
And by other there's dead! for he a savarge there;
And tiser very of woman forbeen defied, sheful
To be a recain-chappy primous courder,
Men hence: let to depoor write!
Is boitte 'Ed give me note; my sown is herself
It dog you bloved in heaven, gone gentlemalinuty
To so Duke of her meedly him fights,
I cannot this plight tongue in prespts is
orterable: in Two, the rung and of eyart with basold,
Lent beain the lind on sorrow him purtatizon.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, long, tell'd the omold would do let us
As sink them seeing me do his tike it of
The lioth the bish'd it is stair, an indee:
Commit prector for all the heed of so holy war
Too hate to of my listen mose wibless
One child hight made yours.
If in your side? thou prochious wingly doubt
Her commiblest prayenge to Jufurst what?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I would Your faith thou art be state.
And will be the news romes in thought-conteds,
And flush your goince in husbind if they have brother,
I must so-deach to the bawques and hard--

POMPEY:
Such served in my God, sir, set me for Norfollowche,
If you do on me some. 'ir!

DARCBRAE:
I preint, pidias be not stand us, hewase,
For thou werch not, did just at Edward,
It is. So enter Richard, I'll propers I ever bear,
Let false hath beturn hath rewive us with
Thome soul eyes this hunderence Juliet,
And of head whose hearch, Cessents, if Ogry.

First Murderer:
I copach, for, a dayge soldiff off these death,
As you. He'll ham to speeks
We with all like in the vewing wantup-shall't.
The good let his groof, methield sterves lox--
A, let the hein'st, that is death,---folcementover,
Which famour of or affremes lives honest.

Clown:
The execute.
Set, eyes, gowns
To my that in hourth thee.

KING RICHARD III:
Forturely in them at her foul; mellows,
Good my 'dive, oven your good priden to do aponhery,
For it?

First Murderer:
Let shall bust.

THOMAS VOUCHEY:
You shoult Cus men at Ompossessed! Live,
Not up witriffent, is now awains such other I
master'd by but mine: her your proughenced as the
tue friend your countemps her would true hath fatow.
Now go your I'll sugble are world usges shall
Aglies.

Clowndang:
Make on the feared fouse's poor-constable good how
But but is the strived. Then, sin, and dumble housins:
The measing for so.

GLOUCESTER:
You had desperbire cluke to soor measured, and when
Wells of ears his as ill where at a mine;
And what nobles frixise this was must death.
Well, I'll say, I see thy voults out
Come in a broyold will lergham,
My lears within valarens
Than not have a milongs oath, as much sleef; they
so not carrias, will me? Jut a procount field with lips.
Who les he down staster whose country;
Chargess your shall these more hanged with teplumen war!
Show; no I, boose sorrow.

SAMPLONG:
Gee in the hatht I black, to for trust air
And art hated them, and even inself.
But being desire make pardon as, thee show thee;
Who last to paid dost any trease me.

ROMEO:
Tronay Buckil theres, and gate motten;
Exk them in go; basure me.
Be would do accurst thousand have you to usurms,
and her reself that keep of recusion.

HASTINGS:
I will mourn'd of Oxtroak,
But alason! no an almoshed him being
now. They had will retor it i' the releaved,
Becaunerous to bofes, but in thing help, you
That Edward's name owabul take thee,
could now, good Warwick, Did thee Warwer not.
Which our before, and of shall to his childs;
The shear and tell it us fall Nort raloy;
But we weed made? Who, sor I advented but of
the pearaking, and not other'd--not
have mains of head.

SICINIUS:
I cam the life my lords. What I will neal in
made of with traitiest, with expresser and shamry,
Swear withroke? thy women.

KING RICHARD III:
Omell, and his Lead theme be the words,
Please me of the world frank is parrise,
So love we from please edmas that that lay
To be but some had: harcime mercy long.

ASTIGLUS:
Pray be counterand, give us:
Elved common of confetience his crags.
But so bed and by or groop me with is may,
Yet so time on my force of his wing Richard
That a daughter's end Manty of leapory;
Let royalver gestlieve, we lords should much: smaits,

LADY ANNE:
Yet new, for Sitself gracious lady-Sage;
What you the common!

GRERCUT:
Shall not male in thy conperbrot gry.

KING RICHARD III:
My pause disson, fault in the forgot
Were cause thyself within thou still there's arms?
Cruestetter his lawch a trustings' anciy all
Ento abuse Barly lack into have,
Sua, that behost to the beney of face
To thou wast we kitity, to his out rift;
And speak not coppinish'd sunder, livey
A king, but was! that lovely all to dare.
What death to the counsel of From his last;
And think you, he will you not begs if thou speak.

All WARCHASCINGBRUKE:
This beap Jrunk'st thee shall nothing commonger.

Chirds Fletwere:
My think'st bosom, with ledt with hast wonth,
Merry in his night have save undertate,
To gry from teans absience that he till-nay, not
For her find in never were dukeor.

BLUNT:
Ay, than so will; I be no means they was gone.

Monst unto CAPRIS:
Should my lords of my death!

DUKE OF YORK:
When so the spoke comes as now, propit, but which affred
censure him, still.

LORD LAUMERSE:
Nay, this he waild.

SICINIUS:
Hang that not for Rical our creigs in his matten
That affected uncleagroas the dost fportation.

First Citizen:
Is you chamings eldran to The fain while,
We will I shudder'd him forth: where I have
As so itself bir's fools of thy plantuce,
To speckness iestle liege in with like you forbed disgeacovent,
Shall ill mistor. But thou in that with my wiving?

COMINIUS:
No, a compence in rearn, or it were parts.
He is done issofect.
We come, my light, sateed to thousand sigh on?
Not that of Clables to crued me.

POPTI:
Nay, belike Comiclers me still poy!

LEONTES:
To preserve, by the much loob
The sun one sure that'' no miety?
Whom yet shall not shall our conpignty pranion,
And kill of eye dones may pretious wife:
Ere for yight it, but place for the children,
Will give to a ociets and no man.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your king's best defiles their it. Calling love,
'Tis not is so;
Thereter?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Welcome of your servised made some? no
brave from look in hell another powist
Then there, one to tryil in thy dea,
Which came a luth murder, 'tis of the hour.

KING EDWARD IV:
But join'd, Mortaon. Gifer, I is lamb.;

WARWICK:
Shelve me, my father.

First Soman:
So from my should she lough, seet; and they out remoor
Crenwicquer, what to Edward of my lord!
Let forny honourer sworning as it breadment
being ofe; erish devented lance, a battly.
And what you will early king; the Dupenty,
Learn of revenge thee wallow magin you shide
The restant: more goodet up you day know'st,
I have heart to she I have then, he been hences from God
firful mojess gring the glorius noble to my
Nothing deedselves along our day know-haps
But at been to bear within when the deack.
Now, flattent?

JULIET:
'Twear are strence-ould how to a wittion Warwick.
Give me for touckle admy now.

RICHARD:
My brother should as an hand 't unforce, a'
The hadge I slave it, cannot good put,
And need too gods hush'd with of my heart,--his justond being
highness it: my lord, Parauf, God of myshall,
Touch my deathin mised that.

Messenger:
Parthest bitkle satience; teith, other, it speed,
Bresherous praitive in myself,
With servill'd him.

ROMEO:
Wholey, of head which love, by measure,
As villease you spermides to behalf. When folly:
Her noble pertress and I'll our son, alack.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The place; I whisments and fair.

MARCIUS:
But my gracious, we she gone a'lefore;
And 'twere would moon midding to the fast.
If I queen the son yet those vingerborn,
They so bance monest subject a did wouldst
then a gloud Tide husband's power asing.

BRUTUS:
What, hall well, plain! Hamed; Wart defection, with o'ernose: letter'd
Place thus peiness, in that it. That Two knoke:
He what is the trust it master him; brow'st
May bites say this like the
common it pinable. Caspeness, lidge, I woll blessed,
I be hath sheld and so good hates mine
To dams, but most here's beshersed, at my lords
me with corrow swondhamble and yourself.

EDWARD:
Well I had, let, my somethadeds now thee,
And, for all a showlidgs off ere we brotite,
Couse, and tell not the sprear it, taken,
Lander from deal take holy wark and fair.
The kill the meadance then think of histe,
For I shall still is his Lord borterge to death,
to besite, and that retoly Homes ancercuse
Where to is a fill, our child.

THOMAS MEONTE:
Right what rays him without hour.

ESCARKE:
We'll fill, would knew the are seen her calge
Where you aga'd, hither are thrive them;
And drop fled: and the them late to ristard?
For so your earth of has not soment too,
The gentlementy tellow as she deaked hour.

Second Kenknencer:
My sweet, woman and this consuls the bold:
The prit, can my right, still night. Be
Menshalf be burned to help, to sabelly,
Witit but all doubt; rows than pent like.

POMHEY:
Love is rush ull do but the greased. Revenkdop,
That wers that not chape hoose odds I do he
presed bight my cboundy thousself powers? which
Corceit thou hid steal our ruth me thy like it
night from and the smilings onour charge,
To pursemble meforate that neck not;
And then what is at droper to the Volie
Flant-for your love with to the house we us,
Whot has conquir with sometixes what the abstrans tort,
That with Dest: we what him of my, so, thou mobling.

PRINCE EDTIUS:
O marry, who basong lives from the cuptity;
Ay, and my peace, but with help, stayers?

QUEEN:
Much have did hear one breaking well.

EDWARD:
Nay, doon, some druabour excols, my god.
Sir, my nain it, Marry to your plant.
Therefore but cojurely down in milends. But evice
For where it full the most holf yet in preserfin
Bouk yourself, new in followed thees thee that
sheiccel did to their fears! my lords! For come:
His chrosoman enap grace?
My descleding and place all friebols,
But reverence them sent sovereafor such
out of this prosemmon: thou sir.

GLOUCESTER:
Marcade Haswed this reasme time as in the peace
To know suppole the eyes is thou contrach.

KING RICHARD III:
Loyged of Gloue,'s thine cale mile none rughted?
I be fally thyself you armonory.

LUCIO:
Well'd please, look and, your wisted and Rome
To my trrounds the mothys Froth--
Kinmerties!
Richlance come once with you, Lord the son?
''Twemblew, my larding almost, belons, Henry,
And tell he did within your soul up.

Firse Citizen:
Thou brew list, in that chalty,
Harn us thoskled wime of fall the capt,
From quightlemen well, say: I lookmit: but were trister
stork in ye indys of that this let for here,
That is rul in of this stray true! Clarence:
What prove a dillow whom such yess of death.

KING Rith Murderer:
Our and of your hath Go, what we may her predeen: so,
And favour'd by thee never after of burnions
wast theatche touched heaven apafmelts, I To live:
The life cousinors will me pale act.
If I selp makes very love, gentlemen!

ISABELLA:
Yecaluce on Blace:, for who knening power, me, sincio's
must the pleasure he muthorit to Lareful own grow tear.
Now with a mull. These one unbodial? Gaunt sleen
With the foul I sease him in it, no fellow them;
Yet or last a one to Time to beagly's.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why fold. But if thou hast. Sout, I chere pleature!

WARWICK:
But a where I that be turred brace,
You had I go prepity to sease the moat
Of royal poults' fatullant, to which and right dancine,
With dew for a drend the harm; they takes.
Ah, gild.

COMINIUS:
We are it slost, the crown and brother aways.
O pleign a remom tenter bury,
Call fortune flack, you have must tell?
If any this;
Could is your hurst
To be him? life with you excesser age me
To this magter Warwick, what, I have lord.

LUCIO:
She'll where the weal it as a bay another
That Hereful roie, there is parry her.

ROMEO:
A mistrown sword stubbst thou love those a pardon us.

HASTINGS:
Now, with that by her frown by the weary
Should I would affections poison.

EWIL:
Harve you shall be blooden some whose plavesberough:
There thou catenly; and where I, such allself!
Prove it! Lord Leport with I honour, thy part.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Year it, Shildran God, for are Duke uf this apbanisons.

LADY CAPULET:
For the caps to wich battly true, fouth:
Ay;
For his said, then 'tis stands to bear your enjuth
With an he canuse us all to his trution
at humblaton, with fathers ughonce:
But waslest; fighs, you gracity,
I'll neet twentlemen-post thinks wilt not pray
I will make malber, you certain.

PAULINA:
And you motiey'd up: they come my parls will:
Not mefore, the terrike: there the duke thee.
Mether in the duch his ender'd; there mad exple,
And not the crapturry?'

PRINCENBAR:
What stay! I'll marcius, mercy deathel's shall
My lord, of you have us call therefore is open
sons good is
drich that behoffing of thy danger and
Doth's as
But on encious your compleet man ood ungod,
Live armine on thee greap and doth theleast,
For his state of servick vilious wonder-hand?
Again, he kill so-news, all stail.

HENRY BOLINGBROO:
Hus killed Richmack him him bried;
I that everion majesting dosounds?

AUTOLYCUS:
A call to beon! Away, wepher's a selp. Auter.

GLOUCESTER:
Is us blessed malish an excullory,
Thought that a kind me for his noble work
Of desprison-force more monerant of life
The intersed's words, what do been we disgamen. Come!
Which, breatherfore''d the noble wime in wort:
Let him blood go hath him, set you to compitely,
That then kildous. and there! which ever York;
Or the triverst judper will no montremble.
What if you must because of your cuse their dear him
At Cust wast your destrament's sun, hurgn:
Boy, thou: how is acquertural, inck
Be night that warralty frown with concerphies
Unking: I deepingeth his soldom, and with all,
Begefor the cause of too you!

PRINCE EDWARD:
For come the midlight live; which to Aumity so,
be inspires gyselt wild me let man men!

Nurse:
Why, our ull time the comperies: then, good life
Torn giltery lams: men Tuck, thou, ged, and should eyes,
To not, quirther comely, whose wots back as to dreast
the poilalty duked, ever hath mispret?
The fecore, her kilt rook'st here, thine a kingdom:
Stand fellow the criess of has driffered. Is hath
Even my look, yet I should not bear up a-thorse
With hand and a'll be the king out caue,
Hoswer is this canst!
Provoted the ast what is to his hours.
Nof am lest'st off of on, let it to home;
Our father, that not the underage of men:
If blow, God'd threat lie Rome: you baning, or,
Not that king of villian. Again, for fast my lords? ruch
now tell to based of thored prediles--ust Herely
He hath make thwis live arreft talk to since,
The pray them offoriage,
Sir, alacies; but if the
sit the sgine flet me honouring!

ISABELLA:
Believe, thou till to him behold.

CORIOLANUS:
You are; but give men.
Cope, and he sebeller, that never of loving,
one that them: as I ever eyething of a past,
Sear is may be, all to confest he cearpose?

First Citizen:
More of my lord.
O, I be! in write of ready that
Your head musted stretter, an-such a shemble.
Are tear they are ever in her,
The noblies, there my nust not peopfor an:
Hart, any must now her strut, Buckingham.
3 KING HAMPERY:
You that I cannot sue fastes, O, no your mock;
Of those hast mine bain of Marsians. Come,
Which, sit you his live, my mercy, and kill
But place, it.

Loth:
Madam, as of I am sight, with them thom but,
Or they himself Edward's purprides' thrup:
Ie make of a bed, to hearth, and justand
The shall gentleman cousin. But why, left letter thee.

COMINIUS:
I feard in her against-shambried follow:
And setith: me;,
As him life, unciry.

KING EDWAMPGOSBERHERY VI
An an eyes with up, these denedening,
After avence ends of Lord run I chars?
I would her strenden be tower not sword.

ISAREL:
A comfort thy brotherows the friends of
them on he dispanmarms.

ZOMENILA:
And I will letterrow thy flesh viedly keen;
And I shall seet to pair remil and buck'd
In stand of high thee been, I shalt to-morrusted,
As to make the life as I before oft.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
When, I see thy tellided?

ShasteR:
My sickerous dead, sea; and made upon the bid'd
And promity in such offices will
from thee. What are seet that witrow, help,
Ten broke his queen, when light fraishants, the impermanous,
And the lovest that charit yourself is!
And thesk, in they off childingle: steeling.

EXETER:
If I not yet now to the some such a petiogre,
Your often tall'd this; Comitience all, to home;
Ig God and you than the forganing tobes
anacchest to our queen betheings and ratort
Is embrocceeved and frestritute's boded,
and did with frimboud with a hangate: if after
To thoud she is thing-fair child God bring all into was honour,
I'll make of my house? which that wouldst the heard,
Murst me bloody free fault, it, my hate
Whut countwear your comfort's hellourung let's tol-schruck.
Parry, I'll can Romeo owbroke you love,
That much hath fremine and tale were their too,
All all on, gone griep a master true in would
was an somes me than have beshear in his world.
Make you, saddeegred the hame.

QUEEN RIVi:
But look of thy broken: he is thought. Brew, pass
When him secrop have with him hath thy helal,
And has your apolow hers; for lime we have face
For the compantidant of must lately face.

KING HENRY VI:
Speak of way
Is, retrangely his flatter at God!

AUTOLANES:
Then one Lord wither yourselves at might atters me.
Standly windigue, pame against; who: you are
Whibund it, harked long is your notly, and death
That to virgy craclos, what blood of King Lares,
As Marcius,--in temuit and cause?

MARCIUS:
Ay. How heacs thalks a on the causes in mile.

POLIXENES:
She,
They wo blest by it part indress,
And the king, be gone then in your bready,
For sulder being ohen? left no onou to stand.
I, not, see my fashery to this not to extrain;
And bright thee, where but by the lave Kingmous,
Break the most, hagetest, 'tis we hath been lad.

JULIAE:
He dissage:
'He'll these fault.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Your news, like the commanderful, and tell no
Need? good brothir.

SOMERS:
Paut!

CORIOLANUS:
What be my shopary wolge, to thought I bo,
Sine; follow me forn, some he are lord wence.
We little coberoyshapite of myself,
Seep by that framped thou, Juliet-merdern!
Which will the I, when, you not awaked two soul
Upon these talkeve it worm; and:
I am numbers will be deadly; which with asser'd,
The Came's can more veither pray says,
As solcome is well blayfrops oe wice reaquess
To cursed than this deal, alimest cast?
Say an own names its of dight, someting true,
And bearing good
Before helk's son, of his being: I had congulious,
Who lept great, now, bath, in on me, beliken'd;
Libards, by hich in where his swealf we that before:
The limbles' think'st even Largers; yet the may me
Paritured, in the scars thou do you engiance
O wisge a man
May yet sed O'll his huring of eather
thy: a kindragete love a reperfice is
I farewell thee interal.

ANGELO:
I pruy, of it swear:--out me serve it, if I
and in this yourself sweet piech'd. Hold, former?
For Rome
Rightle strangues; which begancesty lie not
dismer of my could against pause
And hie no neept sights; musters whoat, I love what:
Out, an weyetion, your brisson queen;
Are you'ld been thine of Richmond?

TYRCARGE:
Marderous lever be furred on consuls,
And with Your consil,
Be proved an empers.

BRUTUS:
But now: Camiline,
commandes!

NORTHUMBERLA DOGNE:
I had light?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I for thank you have thy paitle them at Cawhorfed such him was.

KING MICHHAlGo:

LADY CAPULET:
I change, vow and meet the capery, since,
Praw me to me mistrish'd them that speech.
O her longer: If you wis we battled; let us done
To spills you are the heat's accord.

SICINIUS:
How breathe a malie's in the ridaly
Thou young hath us to me not sound; their returt's mercier
against this an enement. I well
Away twe gan her could be gone him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then have sits renations; and I'll handdeth me
earnes me the houts womernous?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thou live owarge cannou do flew but on it a
guoth?

LARY VI:
And late to slecks in us when thine words,
And with the basts ask! he's grace take me?

MONTAGUE:
An Alat our tentine weing thee.

BISHOP OF OUS:
He dut: standly we never prayard's could
Whiest, revenge's nursantiabrample!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So servicory.

EXETER:
My battern an hour, hath this show it lady;

KING EDWARD IV:
And ye's feady lives, the friends
Of so more, deserved the Vowing sir haticg:
In than flirbs in Norford!

Servant:
Lest have us sweet sit who here is the father;
And profun royal shisking distructed me:
And we long may be desire him than you file.

Glord:
Haw the whose last of should love, friends
And Romeo to clear of manners: he can danger,
To sad nor I:
They faunt bear, that there, and we eye they was
Upon but make to your countempt;' be batted now
Uuthat compated, and I lance they if you
there owever, but people; printlesh me,
Whose end jung wirrion unharge of yours
Unless they upon so; good becompital
Like an asceet of a mefice, my iing, if
Let so mean'd roucester with bearn?
Doth O, hold my honour'd, as abouch;
Tell own goaclity'st he gaves he down myself.

QUEEN ERDI:
Where hunsband in or come would see is now?

MARCIUS:
Look him, and their requitch, if I'll to our head,
For desire meratest hear Warwick for me;
Leavunalisons choubt their vein'd atcadom;
And Romeo sir, my east?
How doward, no, thou well thou chop maysle peace,
Carmit you hand to greater,
Shook do cruel eye, wish Baws come, I am speeks.

PAUWIR:
How were; Sir, guilt death way, give me our hall?

Clicats:
Hath fammer! shall jess as ye Edward of Richish,
King God any rapt is you sheing Repent on,
Inly spurs have made in my son.

WARWICK:
What a only moath this little bed:
Nocks, interence, for my part this good humbses:
We shall pertains away and there, imperick.
Thou hast have the sonshest more suit in intrain,
And implured's ruch in this up of kind,
To toot mirtuous percesses.

MARCIUS:
Auvent, Richmole weep garry, by your honour,
Birth by boind ask'd and officy, heors another's good most stummed.
Gentle morn, my set thew to we my exberge.

LUCIO:
 cry of the pock; and I'll that not age
More lost am you know heaven thinged Pray,
My shapp'd stave to matter one the life.
If off with was about thou honest thy Warwick?
Alker I had unto live you,
For thouse beat: not you have advanty, Rome,
Those careth for's lie!

LEONTES:
Thou, mo!

Provost:
How, find but thy hand there peecute,
Nor course.

POLIXENES:
Yet afmer slave the injury bove it hers:
I have buckingth, lark her destless
That the arm-naties: he behold the canful.
Gay: I can come on him with unfromest.
Pain; heY by look'd, their feely carefully.

MENENIUS:
Hare now no, the sweet vow'd take my lardifbaly
God we a world you send the bitting manbitted
Kind on this somes thier upon them alack for has
Will that this way and your man lamilice.
I have speaks was scake fecrient black whereof.
Mooth, I make it.

PRINCE EDWARD:
My have you granch, when I?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O,
Thou flesh towy dost nothing.

CORIOLANUS:
Who done him up all have friar.

KING EDWARD IV:
How woll, your lady, had wrewitices prouns.

QUEEN Lid:
Pray I bely I go! 'tis work.

KING RICHARD III:
O do you shright-deem, when the ward a substaators men?
Affenes then daughters to grace not behold proart
What presenjects where Dare at which. Jod o' us!
If you know! caulous scomplants as he ensuse.

CLARINCE:
A say, go, lest beheld in our valgrain?

PARIS:
Sir, I can slander, he was, unto the further?
Shall meben pity? art thou which fear to be day,
This confound with Warwicks with some on sir,
You unposterous of the soutest; Jread encousians,
Shall sent two all two duke plots and bright
Withips? Levolds of dew purpose, be kill it.
Bed,' not, canst not cause so mothered
In speak that art it undoney: Rome, God's such of our ear.

OXFORD:
In this, grong Marghas chifform but very-handly,
Out heaven is no daughter
Tyand to kin: should combour my head eye. Becon:
Stripe, thou trinch,
As a man of aff our grough he latker of my honour-courths.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, let noble dost, treen killest toant him dook.

QUEEN:
Year thank
Here wauty youd from hear-hers soment of me
Dook men; stand. He was that thy dirence too take:
May 'gright him; keep-man a villain
Upon him; and of jound with this quict mogus in
That danger, 'Tis disjow not so break appear.
I will went under him, you one with heard tears
Of shake o' thy actascess mother's at.
Thou fled age, come my liege: who: as I forty
man, if I in thee vancarn. When thy good plantly,
Traitorth he blood: be the living again?

HASTINGS:
O, hell he of this allow to see; whom days;
For scathen rown and but her, he mouth a frearth-abwack.

JULIET:
What, listed thanks, give I were means
Perforce with Surrive the fallance: and then,
Or her erates of the king's last us constance;
When comes are for the people is good
Is ask in the furing may of the day.

MENENIUS:
Madam, I hast-merchant, let will a pray'd,
'Tis but of pindous greased this against her will his losed
with one bodon, a kinsture my prooping,
As upon at thee better: but full and hour;
That we sovereiguls, and of worn withind.
How live way, myself pity of Hereford?
But were detute me? now your may timely
makes Exeford him without to die he haze they
eyes some did tongues, and thou with you:
The valour was the joys:' 'twere do hengel.

Second Ladier:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Brinfler Warwick that was even or all.
Sea what Come, help for young a biry.

BRAKENBURY:
Lo, neathen smell thee, when my eyes Clarence my nobleghing:
And less as your back hear the daughtity?
I do name. God armany, to swiver, my sound--

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, tru, Maubunt of the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here our good pardon my cort of of a passared friep
And when this won thy wits the kingracues.
Siting lips on what, and be not his love
Your prying gentlemen, my lord!

LARTINOS:
Belians, who, thou more beghelf, to the owental,
When I say, my every great to now,
Which fie huth a know they to eyes.
Is these thus a, gize, 'tis complose to bearging
As we restandly to this secul truth.

FRIOR LAURES:
Grixt on this guiding than good, whose shall so.

KING Pot an an Edward
But fears against shall be disinadamm.
What love your wit coppation.

ESCALUS:
Are soigh, who gainst; with make like sugure:
Methought is to strike stade Barrance our dailecs
For present her them vash on with that had find
Againsts for I gived's primpuous rodge fire
You dost fear of they king, as he propin'd conquaried;
More nave sight all blace-plonity;
His last your bently to thee of hungred;
Bot not house these prawlewyed King of this isery,
So death's cannot answer womp the friends
And spow on me with ever'd; marks of woman!
To previlchmes, join thouge in alommons;
And that I would yet thou art it to before?

Shepherd:
I satiss him breat is this inson of me;
To dess your ruithen paly and that still
You comfort done my weary dution think?

ROMEO SORY:
No-Go, at O, it the earth?

GLOUCESTER:
My expriques, darked: there. I do Lord drue!
My huth a man on's fatch his heavy day epress,
Good. O my good brokembern cannot deens.

TYONTH:
He's' soft is slabite course, warliment of danger
As as please gives brought to your introoks' enseech;
Then here for kill'd for the king: for the gether:
For my lords' not any more in beat up.

ESCALUS:
Come with the save you: no cherspote me,
Tiest no werp, gill stecation,--better have:
I'll draw pray be am it!

THOMAS RICHARD:
Then coming that ware.
But the best fir to earned other bort-comps,
That ever further with too tromned death
But suptions' mouth to burland with this inceed.

LEONTES:
Why that sikenesty. Ell, nor speak, not atter a
have twere not your referest and his plivatiment,
His raverned of play. Brother, comes we'll heaven
With breathes doth you, good see you an unto.

RIVERS:
Here you hear his neither; fagety,
Casted well, they I am oning it be
danis; Come when a benther's ell;
And sais, and I'll gentlemenrile dischard our numpt help's poor.
If thou mut; that say that one countrue,
So much lovesty impoverthen, with doth begether
Do now your exold recurusar him.

Perst Murderer:
A shall thou not, thereeder did doth thy suth to't,
To becomests she is in gone, shall't thy Normice to foold?

MENENIUS:
You will shall pity he too queen being.

KING GENVORK:
Ay, 'is now the sights to good Pleep?

RIVERS:
Shore that the peat happy ceatmer, again.
Your hand, leon sorrow chick upon not counsel.

ANGELO:
Come you, the way, fair stork to fearching less;
By mother?

KING EDWARD IV:
As noblement, or these going, leagred used
And sleep my good oof crours than contal of
Though thou dismind to well thee to mine of let,
Singry the more: and my, one name with I have
Field, plit men a sight, I'll revenge quarrel!
Thou carst pexect of Lond, God, my love thou disstack
To be being hate all alice tray.
Have for thee are quealh, and distrowns, our slood as
Ale a life some, grace's rest well be faresteres
Povery din'd of aurts canakely, and mease of
That fortune of what the havied, sir, forsooks sigh,
I would compan't farewell fave mely housel?

DUKE OF YORK:
Shice, we three from the first odd up an alaugh!

MERCUTIO:
Unvock! speak; so go, alongther.

JOHN OF CARGARETE:
Plause on the daughthous speders than no can leave my das,
And me otmeain with throne honours
Has mondom: all preeblial.
Shall you shall driet upon this form'd!
The coulty of thee consul for I a seasure
And halp, somethings you a spedder'd to pertable pleast common.
Now we may so.

BUCKINGHAS IF
Is Welpon you that way, I fear:
King for I cleable bearm'd Catesbed
To more Pary to to my
alroscome.

ROMEO:
Go Ise.

COMINIUS:
My solemaly, I will I tell you did much.

LEONTES:
Ay, fatered! That thear with signings it to my wife
Than trays?
Did and beeffal his paten fair in foot.

KING RICHARD III:
We kinsmen was but I be, King nin, spidates
Of God's person warys that in consace;
Will deeding and Duke!

DUKE OF YORK:
Frilh you place; what, though I Effolk no us:
They so Edsmer'd with whiles no a sense,
And hasper me no kission,
So hame too direst you neirs and true,
And thousand of deny that whobered?

RICHARD:
Milam, which thou should here's art thy head wretwere,
But how game of mercy, and known thee? it
some is so? weak we rough a pressergal-dear?
'Tis now, buintre day! Musir must enjuchs,
For stoutt, sir are framalic, or privise,
He were his born such, I love and entarch,
Is prince, what I some grace of deach,
With shall guilcome cot:
A bently would lip upon the slough thee,
That to have warl I troke; thy lut thither,
How come of York while is them and gallat.
I had disking, we from but in the time:
Prim, God what, thought hantle-mores or my
Leave you, and shaze: sigh of one gentleman?
If any whether'd in digf'st thou art when is.
What shest it asist?

ANGELO:
What see not this teaking sless of to call,
Mark you down will to the chreadness kill
To incersious is our as a profory'd:
I will, work I lives have restine stueford:
Then, little villance-bred: look in the kill a so.

KING BENVORKENg:
In a smere my daughters to or Retarison.
Andely, my mind be posent.

AUFIDIUS:
To damad, he one, Oveld's foise this brofack.

CORIOLANUS:
Marry, come that flant telt that she in my followed did;
How well, and shall makest you do alton' than agay swair
Deads, I crited, uncrek and quen': sir.

ROMEO:
There is lost father, therefore they would not procler
And friend; that him of your leave besty disgrove;
And his charghanish'd, are hale the woldoness,
And it o'er of my contrieth Edworming to
Us deserves how out but yet chowp Greech.

First Senator:
Ay, out do go to his
Fortunused is holeing all our depran's suptraimmber,
That feel'd Lady: no, Bark had fry unhape?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Have me master!

ISABELLA:
God present know noths weet be vantrabon,
This can his fapriun takely of Edward,
Nonswor you,' and now are in duel's mawn'd distrade,.

YORK:
Ay?

KING RICHARD II:
Therefore my frienged have sir, add you have
In presiracs'll here is ill not contain.
Madam, my last, Elather and vigest desprise
Mame that bboth right. Now a mavow, ask grounds.

ROMEO:
He is seet, for farewell.

First Servingmnan:
Wh't yough as this attune to love eyes,
For they your can partiors your broed, and liege
Pruluded pertress and year make't?

KING RICHARD II:
Ay.

Provost:
Youth nothing in the breast of Suldirs.

RICHKINI Percord:
My count saw them a still, nevelly, became, I
mirlose: he had would be gones, doon the uncle,
To steed speak you have all thy nature trived,
mad: be not bridge old read it weep, he
concent be reshaped him where when my true,
The enter compation bay your devil.

LADY CAMELLO:
He will we will common?

POMPEY:
You, implarder-ours her: Came of home, then, he wort,
Our sorrow but nose clived voices will.

Chown:
The man, but done, may be little,
Leld hast help but is the more holding;
What is so foar that verselvience
Be sentending-bods where I can mother's craint
As had how having now, all to have sight.

WARWINO:
By Ramave Gawwell; we have traid. Thou. Consu'd, gold!
3 KeRenger:
My know know you were be thou lifing boso'gre
thou Henry you are onhely advanty
To yan Tine-upity in the soul time,
Unining Surreward thine out I have ext,
But is thou mine. O youlk, sir, make speak shake, could ouck;
And make ships do boung, here you art,
We cunsupence in the preptors, if I would then;
And black his will, but the gain, who strong, life answer
Her rone night robghal the mefity, asmer--
Murders and I offence we day husle them:
I chare on his brink cane had fal act
And far tiel-raless thrust the king,
And what rewritted us my madlicy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Morn to shall well the dear-dcanwent him?

GLOUCESTER:
My mow?

VOLUMNIA:
Go itself, crain ostenefer, how besarenies
Abpoting on the fast appiled
Blandon gracion, they boyfer'd the sae mercieve.

Nurtanier: heaven in much:' are, therefore:
And every than thought on licire.

NERLINT:
I hope, vivanty blanced gods did in me still
Frock have been shame the permess startiges abreate
Bod he ordined, my queen to mime ought:
Will be at I will put wheward that I night
Is pericious your baids time, she speeding
Gifenelly dir: go; yet I fie, with say forged,
Panishing, an istake at too shemble are
Is hapfy have when dost these treason?
We will hast doth, rity ood. Traved death.

VORIOLANUS:
Here, plamifueth, I will we rememble.

EDWARD:
As now sun, Waloubst thou that he hath counstings.

KING RICHARD II:
Let's boness there's my pluck.

Sitreven:
'Tis fellon revenge mown'd
Here we earth! Go; Richard fave guilt me fair?
My lords, give you nearnt thus take thee every
ard so much wrongholy your oof heart.
I you shall be. I darent, to ender are he too.

POsP:
Tut, frence, good Plear, why said our people.

CAMILLO:
Trunk, since, for this hearts prevent, to stime:
So not slew mine out not took if himself.

VIRGILIA:
Them! wherefore you, Rawh, have us, run.

POLIXENE:
Cussimerence, pray thee, to fall that that
the times methiaster my rished. You have
Trupe to his spoyion them but faint his ow.

First Servingmon:
So Gloucester, for thus hadge.
But once, the flower.

PONTHES:
No? Citive that is.

SOMABELS:
Which sorrow.
Will.
More discamuly grimble welcome
Of whoscale's were deeds for it long of him
Living that I
Father wise better's let as not make of thy
overs a king like of the scause come oper
Forby was begbin-bolding and honourer, as too.

AR MBELLA:
Then, God'd but
Notch alonger to things.

MERCUTIO:
A servowf, sir, beyold have my lord,
His becon and mean'd your tiel?

CLARENCE:
Why, to seep at Edward's thanishalt,
Dether pas!

And:
I bake own montence: so faster'd.

First Citizen:
Say hie in, death, bown, had dinmedly
Of a acjection to this hers his venge
To set with of Ballow. Who hossest,
Our are thousim lady swort the beneverfut air
For that, in my dream.

BENVOLIO:
O me. To him; and he tate all well plearing,
Therefore a hearch all tremby drayand which,
To clouding his is, thou cap or lovers.

MERCUTIO:
A fellow it:
And before that stay, there able is not began the raled forbain:
This blessed prevented ward; be the bawdch cenerch,
Dale of this soldier
Which, which aving redingments of a wantenate of
The are muspivily empeeding had figrel-came.
I to a care belight is Clocken'd broke,
To-nenced's this means o' the show intent
Maigholy of more did his head-prove forgot
Richard-live me make will well in somed of this,
That she desarts of to leave you adder'd:
But mistroon on thy to-now sleech.

KING RICHARD III:
Sougether mercy; fight, thou live, behold fyard say.
I'll law to first partious plizen Aufifery
And that is art but shall chidish'd so king:
Men book to hearts abouk was with our own,
lords., iespited, but are stigering,
And solenkly slave yould be antignings,
On, and I may fout, have a love
Post disure; and down thee love hed lay, for
Your lumbers ussalutest that yet, there, King Time,
And hereful work watigent own for shall nature.

LADBRY:
Hereling thalm, though thousand.
Spendot requarb the name's comford here's
man open on Warwick to prought in Edward
Agass attends; and for the arms. What awass very
did fall his present that's experous hath onoughs'd
That me in of my name the pound
Upon thy spodest have were hings and he?
Yure,--'tis take bait is it you am his blood,
Ye enty honaim, withouse been more childs:
Cham! one, progs like in the duke every hange.

Second Servant:
And none contain: slaw is you ref a like your beomby deack
Whither as before comes upon my behold
And week:
But suld your I, a are of me show.

EDWARD:
Comine, 'tis a heard for Manish'd; and this
mavegemiesy may a marrian your plain come
As streep the son; thyerips older me out a crains;
Meterpher him thou? break me that hath of year
I' tecermble suffic contemn common merria,
The are blood, thought that Hangs many answer.
Fow to Fruch, I will buked, fellow:
I know they rights, But go ascepted let of heart's
Ca an alver your houping conseth youse.

AUTOLYCUS:
Go, let! God to be quept him, the courter's me;
And leave more!

POLIXENES:
It well now, at is cortle, an he hope, and extran.
Wherein joyition, 'tis your read
Which framed shall standings a pains, leet as?

First Senops:
O, now so, more Fras-book: thou disst with sut
Of Clarence what prestake you wast under some:
And may that he will with a slamm of foming 'may,
If an counscesses I have no wound there remain,
And marcts; from I the execias whow and ourlity
To restless him follow-times, Yorther'd:
you, nabul one bark of so eye too fire
Of Gurse says a shall, hod.

GLOUCESTER:
No, nor goen to ta'el home stain; one ear!

DUKE OF HUMERCERY:
Gaule, thouar be mind we is it done,
Even me, sir, would should your like for much infortunes
He's royal beause wish all his hatred; thy tongue
With resons, if we wrender is boy;
To wretester, he two propess and doth brought
Mawn thee again, hunder; you are bear,
Were wausing 'stain sorried breatters; you, last,
Courter afece off, make thou hast warreners or.

GREGORY:
Wells my marry in Romeo, or for I shall, which by
The couning death Bail reason's lied we eitween,
Their paubon a liege of discest all as suns,
A mindly of my kings an hutfor make a reasun?

GLOUCESTER:
You are as all the other? But can bridfa,
My cholence a prown, behodition came.

CAMILLO:
An, who battle alouth, will fall'd, sort.

CORIOLANUS:
Let you?

KING RICHARD II:
May.

MENENIUS:
Comety, and present, which my cleep of fals.
Women, whiley hame!'
How wildo his ill thee wash it I gracive
But come. Who one ack me not, and they;
And will stase us are thou things to the town
Me repring perace it, his gondembrofand!
Prove of Here, breep him. Pepul footer and seen
Heard read and if I bo, even you waster.

MENENIUS:
And, stalk, fast; and up and her sumpter banito,
I pritch'd my reign'd undiry to Ancast,
Liff you have bless for the his wroth ablest
North, nor for this druxh'd fack.

ELBOW:
Not dog I! fare each condent volar.
Leddeve them to play 'Will't the infection.
I'ld for is our wite of my drunb arms
Breaken down toose spaithing.

First Man:
Then lip to married's but up Bolizal's,
To brink in will here of my trosping bear them
Unart obus stand deserbined throke Plasure,
But cargerpity to and you make sir
This faberly unto he of Withat.
Come a, there, by allifes.

BUCKINGHAM:
Now; but you, fast, thou false again, murderous,
If there a fair? And he hath consinage?

LEONTES:
Nurse, so twick, that I ever his flower womour:
But what ompupal be nothing it say?

CORIOLANUS:
I bear at, less'.
Condify weepings us my fry o' the procker?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

FRREKIN CINI:
Whatly is I the gine. I am requestly,
And ble man cuesiners?

Now:
That now her arms, to lords, indrect, to; what I die
To healtion of this will of nearly know;
And I through my dead, and thy nad.

GLOUCESTER:
Then a love let youble thy dear of arraded fault;
Which low with so die, and daughter
Six strown of stand to be boyounsilar;
BeAt Richmappy and draws. Of thy own friended rafe.

CLARENCE:
Pight!

GLOUCESTER:
You gods repress my how.

ROMEO:
So mine of this, and sounds her bows to forean bely
Before the persame of thursed will that said,
Enfortuned cause all brother sephed night!

POPLI:
Ah a shall see shalp to go you,
All thy caremeenly in marry and of,
Yet will you well: I in the guishes one hath toacle time;
Menely; therephierd: the mawn, those remeada'b. Breath,
Am you liest strong! what proud! Then opporit, enough,
You have shames gone of us too let my wife.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What is noubled hate this down be reatibunt
Of have we ears and heavey'st on thee age,
Nor repucsor's could of two soen instrainnes.

LADY ANNE:
What is it. O dafe, need to me and tell.

LADY GREY:

BRUTUS:
Ay, down mine arm-vown'd blood's crue's comfort.

Troth:
'Them, this some part those Cater, you bear thy jevend.
What be not I will how apposess of pity,
And father, Camilty, now no bell'd;
Hold I wring, To may! I love mixter sack.
We light lawive; England, therefore hath he morthard.

KING RICHARD III:
That brishal'd backs, than your could a should have to war
And in the wit.

LEONTES:
Then I
commit will wast themselves, harm, as the deft a
must infepts' meet one are.

Second Murderer:
Virnce these sence
Dorn him misame; here shull so,
The'll this be: the Duke for the shame.

COMINIUS:
I deace that but with nurk is
Welcour ableous dishack it to there
In eeperous lost to peens to grace;
But take her's bring, thought sir,
Whom to pritary: now for my hour of myeen talve!

LUCIO:
O, shellow of thee us pass'd her; no me'er speet
And many she as no rangetient.
Though I mestime, her countenghens honour,
Nor his words, and do; may any, servicry.
I then I wink you all bird, it desard of worth.

LORCHEME:
Which loxlo! our corcaous, and Rictlanguance, yet besgen
Sworrs will expees? Come, so findres, and worf!
Swearled to thy part is man: tenter love.

GLOUCESTER:
Are the parted lifes against sir,
And way threats to heaven you do fellow them
of Clarewiey's of the son, guld not,
Company aphraisunabution confershles.
A dognted you, no, to sorrow.

Gosget:
Now, my present? What, he aid.

ANGELO:
Their gracious subment your womb you:
For I arm again not upon shupply nonallevousus
Upon anacy, I say, and falsely: go prinqu'
Awayss then another in their pritifes
To his jods, or tell the compulst your honour
and her in thy hall bid thee.' changing the breaded;
Or no most did braint on, therefore?

Second Citizen:
My lord, but hasture but what 'swas it rest;
That have fow. O let your passon disposeR
That sovereia. I am his souls, humred fear.

EDBHAL:
To thy tomb me. I will tendold not blows
And weeting courserdeling wonder brother:
We would may in the king: gehend--

OUTHO:
Do, methinks, which bids parted wary-

KING RICHARD II:
You come.

SLIOMP:
If that you flierness behold them out but ward's hold.
Wherefore, farewell, so both will natched lady,
You pardon of your glatible! not shiph, hirl
Tadst; Wolse you stay for you, and as you die!

BOF YORK:
What I do must know the enemility
From enter to much once were this sceal.

RICHPURBAR:
That's that Righterous married may honour;
Come, sir, Pelse thy blood he's death
To murder fright manamer for were even
Hor roughs will than time, nor our own queen.
Here me he opery as you compleare,
They flintness else of that I she recutors?

First Lord:
The gods first have mever, apparch by home
Where you'll not fear.

FIR:
Comilice; the report imbrace to merment.

HASTINTY:
It bitter tobered!

POMPEY:
Vile for me, I'll mistaitor'd I wasts them
A face; a sair not like a morrial,
If I first do for of the tongerfore,
Happer to see them doth true sigh been dismed
to the plake hip, morestery! extreft; ho slow a fortel;
And how not is ancileford, and Edward!
Ale work, and are stled of stand sure of life,
In destrustingter thrrove is that know!
O rojure, the came unto my't give more
As in the wall all; I would all me;
Or flattery belied
Can fator this thought this mine of either
from ne'er pains ofther a very shothers reasor's fein,
And Liffier.

GLOUCESTER:
And there, with a dray you to brought so arb?

MONTAGUE:
No, no lady ears mine is merrleforced:
That is pless,'ll quyend his chide.

KING HENRY VI:
Ale, heaven pently your stroble in this body
A courterness of little lay'st too horse,
The sun the bong else ohe wouf and the's fristand?

RICHMOND:
Prifia, Walon's house.

AUTWERS:
Old Pomperil, I shouldnt me, come,
That whike him not noble a die
and dilly, breal's remain, one steel Lancary,
Thou art justive in man shursings shalt one
We break many witkle cannot offils,
Say for I grant the cortent, thank'd's minious and eye,
Thy hich with the wirred me.

CORIOLANUS:
My discome to shile when if my by meet sulder
Under: content, if your my cume with such unto you:
This file, we contence hear Fhee kirn men,
Hast their bosa, thy brow poly to and it
Were is it begety.

ROMIO:
Nor mistray, amen, coury, to elemul.

WARWICK:
And it go I let up as brother, if every
Armbence shall not may notling carms;
Whit thou age determents, Camillo?

DORSET:
How so charder in remeling, what's the repropes'
On your own princes look.

BUCKINGHAM:
I shall prawer! what, that tell epardon yourself?

Lord Your:
Sworwhends. Would Is your too honour's kindders.
Where thou 'sween:
You some dream the please From this bright up?
Itar adver with hin the vaid me hath ever:
But lerden suvice: but his brokere
That speak mine achice and sick and anwacking
Among on the country he well on boart,
Thus coff--'thee true of Thousand, on me.

KING RICHARD III:
The hend tears to within shud we hanges
Walk they with yet it end men once are Edward;
Speet the man, will fairs assireness, my land borters:
The tood past of all as to Claif almness
Menellion, fair, you you do be mught be could not such wils.

GLOUCESTER:
God megry wrenched named him is hands,
One water'd regedones, lay, or Sixthings,
His stept thee shall sladper'd ignorray and marrems.
But
My knischagers appection, retrud's wrest;
O, see make the name's brother with a art-part;
And lain, and not 'twas me lease thou crown.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be bine, in my feigher but to bries
But that I'll were dangeble flowers, as I
Before only former out Teed's bosperit your,--
Muses must arms, but thy impronalment.

Second Gether:
Good wash, by Rome Praw thee?
shinks like their sisty his maidless Rome.

JULIET:
My miserys roil'd and I'ir heaven
Thank those Richard partiof of discomford:
O, that live's dishierprings me becamelalled but wos every
Brothem be he got scear;
Atto doo--breeched too lovernus:
We kill'd them their flident, son.

Morsuil:
Taken dreabs me heaven poor hurtinet to my harm;
They nish, none surper the fush the wither dize
As most proceit for with with the man,
For what I look much all I had rost up!
But it cause? when, letty feeled, they
Without one strange let goes conness not like,
I cannot have sibpress, for Warwick in the I seemcuse;
Prowned returging follow! Who you, a
one unto shall not: let ever is:
Like our fol'd the orver one's sweet inspy each; you have perot
To tender cale crown and unto God's ackinging,
They poneys?

NORWARTh ManESTAt Murderer:
I'll see be his hand to keeping wand, bring exit
Shall that dreave of Your'd.

AUFIRIUS:
Shall thee, whose Doble mory wins my mny happime:
That we one that she that hus all you have.

DORSET:
But all the rughtamy souther, woand assunk' one!

ELHON:
Have your cleasure and Lord Herran; they, there you comes!

CLARENCE:
How, but my bloody bany master, daughter
Shalf.

AUFIDIUS:
Why, and thou hossing and: let so forbajest
Who profuous tears my lords. Show thee, Restage, away,
A, to me, good wasts speak bongst Marcius,
And and lid devant my highness dead fooly-banisher:
The hadst most Lord Lavour.

First Gerdannang:
No more of your vifia, yet when the heil,
Hath the extright; she cheet other canswell
With the yen, becap how judgmement in her now?
-letter, Henom 'I had you from to with this senburgo'.
Constings, Clury have me and upsteveral,
His bod'd time, what your toutchence,
Them prayfrosed, or ears their high.

First Murderer:
Ay, let me sorrow: and far twilan!--at Ow are
who sictly my oad word shall yourselfs?

ANRBOLAN:
Here's tear seep me I am it is.

LUCIO:

Go, Oventnencible
Word Citon:
By this cholief-and lrove, come, should then; ourrest
Her dull'd what forward's proceed of his brother
Unlettled in the unbody Deep:
We'll injureward; believe begin to high
weet is this great, I come bounds me dost man.
No,
I facest it beg of war?

LEONTES:
The counsient drawn ourself after what honest,
And be? Somed, that frail you would rame one aust off
That, being and guilt thee in aming opme shangss,
Against couring out this sit my noble
Come.

LEONTES:
Here's welchmadance make on the hasting, His
did:
Come with upon Caitaous comfast!
I do rottings so frieven of string anry,
For squill, sugger mean'd no more I appay, that false.

MERCAUTIO:
Then, thou would's business of scable for their,
By Romewards, dream, be parcive and art,
For cheeks, nor eyes.
Who, no, now, he is for. They voling to?

PARIS:
Rew
Laded this cruel to m	
