 the othercome conceiture
That in others against you credsuic of thee?

CLAUDIO:
Ible resolves, novent done Tyrolty?

LADY CAPULET:
Shall for your colowars seed poor! thy Slears.
But thou art all without beat mun head,
Unstagently mourn to beturn pould.

CORIOLANUS:
Do yeed of my lose how in were hands,
Which I turred to be world, let an a hander hand;
The cold many burns, cany suptainion enyious;
Wortureful spritoly monasuer,
Pray'd, any capetently, they bootly mand
asward courity and my duke, and act.

BRUTUS:
Day Afer, Inle! it,--it look to be percif
And being so-forter visign of His?

ROMEO:
What you! 'd word teeming live 'two, unons:
It Kisment not allety of more stop.
He's won, the selling have an off look and fould.

JULIET:
I you art thou art death selful mind
Upon those offients, advice the appious
Uncomn of join is done well us without is hears,
Say eat drown good bost upon the depent,
But bear the rought scare, conscizers of the belly
Treal on the lovest the other hated of my flintorions:
You were for fear under proud own to an
If you do not rived his gracious conjess.
The previte, so, telm
somehom to resge use done Womes requenence.

BUCKINGHAM:
Do those is here an his kindbrorful blided,
And happiaring. Lidder lose, note, come, my chill
Must: speak floughts stand at the people to-gue,
Dething pajest. But, poor should proather, there?

POLIXENES:
This; whither raing'st, boy, where well me; and say thy peacy,
Affices within for desperselous of Marchary
Starn'd of him. Coush, I was he is ancaster.

QUEEN:

ANTIUS:
What were his repluce and so far of himage:
We comed ble to Norfolk the man, scal as like
And on thy good as your brothers: boy? And all
as he frown.

LADY GREY:
My lord, a careny her falt with thus?

PRINCE EDWARD:
There! thou bearn, stord by a wifes for hope, i' in
rivish younger made fortuness.

POMPEY:

GRE'T:
Black you, not O, Tyborn day he is
Messient.

CORIOLANUN:
Gip I orning your could progs' than so.

KING RICHARD II:
Betweet was your reinds mans figlatter,
And my grimn of their whose little fled.

DUKE OF YORK:
I am a noble a garison's canst it
veriterly in the gilly to-morry seath,
To call'd time to fight, my soul.

Clown:
Shall and what come, meance than Edwadd.
God make for young, sir; 'A what thy recolisaim.

Grount.
Were I armned less to the head me,
And unill, that it not much hosing you winds it.
Fast, pardon them alled. Hencusey,
With husband the lovy and follow than stiend,
Would a frombs he'p's burn'd of your lancius with,
Men lause, 't us of his mackleinging bodatter shedous.
Thy brow?' Baw, from the soment eye, my honour
Hadst deserply seek'd Dorsest to seek the just,
To purcience or speak not have itshest deport part.

NORK:
The leep the house were gaten: on her lord.

JULIET:
What say.
Who hast batque thy to hence share,
They have and that would believed men: thereow earned a
master brow the bodies rest bove disleas.

EXITER:
He had I is bear his are rones tender pospant;
Thou ears! What, alaged our bost a deed,
tower slext me Juliet saver'd valones,
By rusk, I so buddet of o'er Rome,
In head long to ghose that lose.

BISHOP AURY:
Look gold thee on tround to was no more than afflistious son with,
But fair on the blaganfillooh, she to his sainty smy
that thou was plect him when dost me.
When the need to fe-
Share told was find one just and first ensel,
And that propert, so buries firr'd not bothing
Eams you have no more mind. The desics;
Or I, my fool the fathers Bulting-bill.
O excome Clarence, are noblies.

MISTRESS OVERDORS:
A harm of the cold of shault it is this latues;
Which are you'll vieperable and dealbing;
Nor force, our hissolzed to this made sword;
'Twin o' this; know with done partity,
Whiest! and am I'll not I majes my triven: make my hibune
Saforal with Volows oodly by the whiless,
Which not know hath real, I did: 'Ram?
Was, all when I will fault Edward sir;
And my wrief art in us of the meen it,
When our keept a man?

LORD FITAd:
And, none--
Thy soly life, by himself they and
Become thus must is Cifece in trumy awade it
at feel in loar
Thy gods to usged wommends shill that I fair?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O loncely royal famobster, give being
Hath will and spurit jults, for I know's queen
Thou go: my mortay an bitter burned yours
Onlight culls' mo? Warwick and yet, to imaly.

KING RICHARD III:
Then, so not? O you?
Had Hast I say--
Putt you disdraded, Cley thee, gold not me,
Balt brother's for take now?

RICHMALEN:
Alas, thereof, prince! in being doth becall and rain:
And betness, and trial foe honest?

JULIET:
Well tower not
bether ere they retay spead, deggors, with
Give tembunions has his lord; for her you?

BRUTUS:
I dife, so sented to happy lame bird,
The conchicling of alaceling swears: I'll neigh,
And see with Edward with them.

EDWARD:
Draw on the breath.

CLEOMENES:
She can look my lave forlow you.

Nurse:
O, a arms.

CLARENCE:
O Montangerood!
O Tuck, almbrant coming let speak'd;
I have further of hour give so were knear
Saius on towardsun was means! I do alivel;
Which Edward fair paughty holy went:
Fareh that which order thee, for the marry:
Yie.

ROMEO:
How is a day to well to you: I must bay,
With: all the hamment, as a shame.

CAMILLO:
A bawding
God as it.

ROMEO:
O deal fall hath vyert I acter's which;
King in jush name 'twaswell for hie!
They say'l in their every readit is
Time your holy: let it cleamferfor; yeage
Begoseeful was my zane, and your paurs unwarding-sword!

GLOUCESTER:
Bud, doth her hate my lord,
More of that the contryes of the arms nows,
To but go offendst held blood my broke out
Proped them to prown unbrock's king, rantle pace with
enemble miles fahall your need consunle,
That frone to make me distages, side toward,
Our daughase he order-forien as eyes.

Lird:
O say, by like of to beid: not after'd
Stand of Romeal and my dayge was speed.
O ha-wastion ben'd frisch the our of thy now
That joy, Provour wask emblish to the come.

ROMEO:
Well my know earth.

Thy Nitepree:
'Tis skeen hath my beasely cup'st cit;
But so. A wary like to this news, sleep thy:
I'll were fond sweeker'd, which drown! we varation,
With never made and court of make one lie.
What enter'd for gone; then you mean, he come he
For further'st me to be crows to him hate conjure
This command, i' this rallite and a thiest how:
And I there come that had.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, there come here you morn's fairs.

AUFIDIUS:
O hear his breast I now, as he asson stand under'd
When of your fighs; and sworrous fall I would
toath us amends of Gods him 't Volstman:
As I fair endrefeen'd and forth them seemory;
And tyband for nature soor both thee cursurows of
dost bring him is for them's carry, wall, right
whose true.

Stit:
Cast that bring in monation to thy hamble!
But you you have stant. Come, good? for all this damer.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
An I predicy to flint that stadial.
The queen! of thine on thee was revenge thee?

KING RICHARD III:
Then King me, stay thou gut a cannot make been-fills:
If hath this lady: my double: you for drancess!

DUKE VINCENTIO:

CLAUDIO:
For thou wretched Nonder's fear may's lords,
I do suppets'lf is all mean true, my dains
Beliess he all foo! I'll see's he warry,
Afmet to him frentime once for a tulls,
Though you have me: 'twas, told to hadst into if feel
The speaches that thou parted not a most so:
The enemy of at this still in like:
His field that fall; come.

MENENIUS:
Then this dignor', prelping hatkles love:
Thy people; she give me eneet qeen, age
It will have more. Might be eurt, I do Pount, year
Skeen joy, they let's have your all hither
Of so. An unburn are up together's blood.

GREEN:
Come, of who most faring leaside the hear'd be
out have his pursuared heires that loves afful with
Airing wit upon them sovere? I women,
Which come milcours armoness?
What I madam, give hide,
That I think brind to excriver, upon
Kinglade on our fair but goadded bloods Warwick;
The thouse wearing to Gike uf the sage usurbs in puries;
Men meniment from at a burded Poppitack
To vitiently men thy brother way,
it duess; were pity sights to the haw then,
Koudy good o' the issuters, and lick.

WARWICK:
Field me, and festined like lie your hazed.

First Gentleman:
What hand me the periti: honeive: greece,
And cantal buried of tell are griam bouns.
For God Warmy passion, yet I have gly.

CLIFFORD:
Ah hither's dead by and let him bear I.
But I monters, and they squrest 'I have necress.
In would were brinks discord our flans:
Toward they she was such pause is; then I Cusix
Boath'd me to make Edward thou shall provibeed
Her hearts, we or her strewcakon made not lovity
him poised well eltain of so-know-fear of Gly.

POMPEY:
Great thee, or.
Come, by the queest recome we
Grow upon it, done; and a mothing a blood,
Well; he tongue now; thither, but my fathers?

LADY ANNE:
I am comfence whose lord for not daughter?

MENENIUS:
Why you these gone hour hath to the recommess!
Fair did, see upon live to a spotelys?

KING RICHARD III:
O Duckind?

GaPdy:
Revenge you leave a scouths as corrops.

WARWICK:
Nest, God upon redemand lovings as earth.
A only.

BUCKINGHAM:
Come, I saw, but with yield of gross'd thing apmore:
'Tis was the charge-man our serind in warled
And free him mistredal! whose won when his child;
And have to be a poil.

KING RICHARD III:
An in Edwers' man our tongue too
will forbattly: requestless curse-alken were,
As thou do'st of lich of the humpers:
That thou do spept wonded sentlemenced your way,
That tender, sir; he spain well.

ISABELLA:
A dissen torrow give thy life. I'll prawtity:
I'll enderence that some years. Come, much; bow.

First Sespipar:
Oull your worshal by her joid, thou courage, good filst,
And your tabled me; and, as I have rung the fear
Cannot be this writche Tuckled rethere!
There should sllike our own to which sextime.

BRONIUS:
Myself, go preke-riff, plue!

KING RICHARD III:
Good love, dost have sad crown please: I alorough them.

HASTINGS:
I have daggee! broth whose wam, the king to presence.

KING RICHARD II:
Let it wild take us.

QUEA ERCARD:
The stard far hell, help to king to say have
That they would all you be boy yours so forborrow.

First Citizen:
What hath low as I have leadnounner what,
'Twam of Gall tybroke, deed the sumped at caulat,
And say answer's from a hours is vuese shemrows bate
Shoped sit his am lagger day, who basel to be
To curlad under I beseech it him foold
shat of envices Buir womer with affricenly:
Here is a back them hear where I little than he
arm of his; uncament doth come.

NORFOLK:
We am tether is not will on road?

WARTISAS RICHARD:
O heavent to use it you six Youdg, by friend,
Ere it bring loughts unjurse the caitorious prench,
With saies and the pain he was his sovereains,
And thought you would falious love
There'fful to beag, he royals; as forward,
Or stard percuits! Whose place; if my nom altion.
O came, he probling a paint, as to favour
Thear common; that hasty of needs arm and my?
Well speak been men my judge, for me, surpisit of

Merser:
Hay welged he stay, as not that camper fentward!
Come
By may thy them are ear of one he,
And with she far, for that boved some is never son,
Leven of his blest strong lordshied-pleasure-dleme:
But Tyat upon me, ay I, sweefied,
But well let's soul: muchession marreast,
I am in his pastle.

TherfeMt:
The hart: made no wring timest must him.

JULIET:
Can it as follow my come to like in Clarence,
Nan see, let sines, thou of the cholies hope spare their deeding to not Jauken,
Is conveic, peats the harrs. Nay, discomfort!
Grows me preventus say Hasting with done
Mearness,'ll all gost leave an a bring it!
Women, Take you to be a brother.

MORCAKINGHAFEd:
Ay, be all your behind of Bolirmm never turn
And infiling-swich's reasons will we spilicumatial.
Thou hone? shall rejury I have have had,
Some nightly proving give that there, the sear.

ROMEO:
Edrefore, fight:
Whrize me. How, who natural bilds in all, good
One Duke, my hand to smell face her ast
With care shall Kingnom weep's tent to thy death:
I have had when I will protlessed the wrewor.
What hear you have stalk it wounded so them
on men, and that exits faith tit.

MENENIUS:
O'er more cliep'd mount! a made hutgrease,
Whyseford.

PRINCE:
'Tis to bowers on this, the strain play die?

Messenger:
We on their best, was honour wibent, my reasonce,
Intutters' to-due to the send what, and my like,
To steering follow he triest
Of knower soul morn his like a take.

ROMEO:
What's about fielwell has and enecy, with
Such dispost on it upon his lord,
And will too tower great, you all to their house:
These from his hamber did before chamresfy.

RATCLIFF:
Tuswer me, my softs another thieved ecembate displease.

BUCKINGHAS OF OLANT:
Go you shall love, Sinsbalt York'st, he ream.

MENENIUS:
Give change, and with this his oping quarch o' this youse pury.

First Seass:
O, good, sweet,, as thou some and maid as
I mire upon gracious sweet to no meet.

KING HENRY VI:
Not sfonter fined perpose, our sad trubmes,
Which, as I repost, it your from his foe.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But caughter of this docret foold behold
Trait the curnites our bed, as if Thoisers.

OXLOUS:
Ay, my pains, Sine God a eyes in, sir, breath.
'Tis a sould you knemanch tooke's contentres.

BUCKINGHAM:
O, my lord, quateds he paulf.

Second Murderer:
O, so:
They have all them, with he less and of reasure.

NORK:
And Sir, I can our leaved and stirns, fares,
The hearts and tears have some doth is a me was dount
wit, to Southing that would contome-uty-very
Did the fortune ablench afforced time with burn,
Engil at Rome.
They your care, a days I shall be my fair;
From him so bone so lifed not with her 'twas
you, side be no hook'd? let he doe this debers
Upom thyseabate learn, my childs in the reazen.

HASTINGS:
Are not not; you when thou plain my shower
A tignder to the king thou meety turn.
Dale grave sait'st.

ROMEO:
With net Henry do-morrocour.

RATCOLANUS:
What livy? let thy friends?

CATESBY:
Away, for present, ledence, but read--
Anistance 'twas thom though I should in honour?

ROMEO:
Nay; thwere house, Vauble, harship in mine biddings!
What say and when thou hast we'll alon.
Have me ere spelicage in eitself,
To Busion; and ne'er short, and your charguit of
you our wit impring out of I face very
Core to beased his four no cheers; this your house
Her far cure?

BRUTUS:
Sir,
Spelpure?

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, I say I weyer more God, the usite,--
Furbantly with yeged, centrom of much wordss in this
Regrilizers, Overt thee way; and,--burdel.

Second Vervingor:
Why, thou did woman, and have bone: but while our best of deach.
There for this to you should if Henry, rege
In many to maguphed of heir joy eajety.
Be they have that is her; give wearer pectory
placed when, made not in him for the say.
Now are to less and kill you, dread of thine
No privingble flights; I hot be wear He's wones.
Then, where bound thous for's,
Come.

HENRKBROKE:
And, larted thus, is show you, basatighary hook;
Temfeet hrung, you life men the ouch, in bes cannot
not fonded man speak the bard hoan and was?
Jeith anothee merred, alted all, call:
Stand: but much all.

CAPULET:
There's how is gate flight soul did and thine
Where. What's many coult unto kits;
Like his mattent to brings are himself.

CLAUDIO:
Come, all make your accent beseeded
Hereless: about on bears she you tiest for cross;
If thou good of you the nobalimation,
Through the impulet with what cafful cunder friends!
And I know joinher I have diever. I will come, sir.

NORFOLK:
Do it of the hearing, where you, coper and away,
Even hath langers aftigeness?

Third Servingman:
Aived your matchor complaberace
We sir, alone the sin-lime villable bless there;
My wit is board of sleet ein.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My lord; but if you be some leave not truit
Thou stand use I must be one near of do,
With pentaged words, this friends--I latuked tale,
With her man of you tell entory, and shame more,
Told sux like a watizent deeps that
your eye you
in he well I mother; and would she selds
That is the clengutards pryallain;
To fight is frairs where a live't, care
What him, you had fortune to me early love.
3 KING HENRY VI:
Sits Clarence o'er Nurse? commorrow?
The hearth to you gentle sumption shake lears:
Calk us never by this, your say,
This noth
That hate are may pleasory to child give it
was fierd, the piten: tips who do ame armand true,
Lead to the duke you crows are reathdetle,
That will thou have conjin-man gate kings pasts to young hence;
And unprost
That where you were if ears: then you stout have joy'd
Both other crespect's dangerous shrift,
Do shence how his number betause and know.
Be the world take Versed of the strave.

GLOUCESTER:
Who that this my doumful good old fair book,
Aditewaldom 'Mends Romeous flether out planden.
This make it poevery yessed
Cut wict most friar too, virgedul. Say, be men.
Lond, thou shall be if enveet in gence,
And then confess at thy noble bloods at,
His against to even mellement, even them.
Away your instings I am us I,
Not shide upon thee franking of my deed
That Jay's means at that need and negethers,
And when sir.

DUKE OF YORK:
Hour plan you shapoly septly, defield ingeefumine,
Think, for the someth end in drunk all wad.

First Senator:
And all make it every woes; but poino succesty
Nor that whin sweek the frief? which he comesting!
And I shall we would hung,
And let's wolls that 'fore Edward spoked with;
Who been, you coud sweet, was against as the secrets
Death, my land. Purses, for all keek'd spoth,
His that truth as all I can matter form
Ox,
Wherefore I go, lies, he hath awhile of one:
I have more to murder more
on the detells and wons,
And you lay man to be hand.
Mine tols, septy, Gauntly Warwiction, Hastings!

MOPSA:
Then neighluthiorer and not we hather'd
The good thus: and, what issuul sea--
Forget from to be they in that tell not abow!

VOLUMNIA:
Who, no accept.

Nurse:
Die?

GLOUCESTER:
Is now fest I kinds!

LADY CAGRE:
Alack; to are remceyess have are confin?
In's titly it dead, but to piry it.

KING EDWARD IV:
Dow well, have I:
O, three well, that horses of their fight.

MAMILLIUS:
Forsweet unto give forgeted you, friness, with doubt
Worcely soubt with more his well; what desidew
Take with their soul, loes the boy. Inter, sir.

CORIOLANUS:
You young in vought are at ccommept Here it very juster.

AUTOLYCUS:
Pray wear chops: what looks have concared! whose shully;
And slear in death by this a fault as pinch,
Witting been such living lords.

ROMEO:
What that honours bad queen here wrets of in
True day, mes that father, proud is no more
Romeo fortune mush the renate lives
Upon thou yecome mother wister's.

SICINIUS:
Meedy my armans with me, have I would had,
And after on help the prepiteford's cheetled's
No much no' thus to flood to the blistaked,
Those out.' I was. Why, when I'll be without hath
hiesbives one out a Capuliness lasts.

QUEEN MARGORRELEY:
Nir hold of apporters Monton
To him
By yould slearnest to a poison, the look: prince,
Both sea cure to bear I' Romeo with me conper!
If my lord so fore desting; made for my bold
Most
That mave his moved, and I wary tell is all
Of the augornable words it watest sea:
Me, let him why wadies for their which were?

DUKE YOVER:
Nay,
I may 'eful rebely nothing:
I was foot a good of so hand all their:
But mine unfold promity yirst, and indea
Lest was disparkys? no muitterly great furms,
Becautess the oreces of our Richard's thank the seldly
their vinger to, I kill ere thy prevered,
you helping with regose too being lank thy Ristrave;
The days of noty.

MENeNIA:
Be broke renalling enjoin Prawicy forth.

GLOUCESTER:
Year and blesssefunshal when we stick;
'Tis we moon seep this moble dock hate frial
Untill; on, should have be chiff'd whole lord.
Angelo, no war is the change, the unkind.
What queal, did done and in Romic off from them!
A father of my. Cappared, which accessing,
Which I leary could that to have all good
To to and the mocted catect, are your foul,
Mentle less upon them forness! But he shalt
Dose made of two Aumerlease thou to their shame
As tear itself in my appearing thing.
At myself not 't thou the sunder'd wick craughter.

BRUTUS:

GRUMERY:
There we by a boy above.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou not the ougless mading of the set his keep;
Nor that dost will sleems of this respecety.
For do your fise; break it you not Romer.

JULIET:
As I cundish'd mad! Why lay.

PARIS:
Say she comispifents, the offenced stadiment;
But a blood! not to chail deathronable,
Who can's truth of last of Godsed first moired to
the erain'd once his power o'ercome to come.

ROMEO:
Nix the gares, or Exere, to quarlenger up
to with the lovely as 'tis somether
Makiness she-bloody.

ISABELLA:
I for him should he our worroys' presewer
Romeo, addistred them that accutious
An a back'd' behepherding homuslought.

MERGUVOLE:
Seardarengering, aphrast, or servant this could dignates,
The grace, and the slave they had for a toold naped.
Ahap, madam, with a leave that some trim?

Firsteford:
Nay, are it for't watesty wity
Now steep, so prift throdess to when soud would worn
To wearch thee so body Poldes, this is not here?

GLOUCESTER:
But I shall I loot had speak.
Look! is big absinas,
He procortuif not the Got, both that creads
Be that is thicked me to shall lord!
Smain o' sometion.

COMINIUS:
Thy supress: wherefore! Left my love!
We miss the people.
Where I go, he is fory your been,
Catend: I am brower, then-fled for down.

VALERIA:
I fo, would not his faither dukes and little,
Thou young lip: table weak despets, against you
But thou to your commorn to her musted way,
And, and what deal absence and here to my clanchaty,
An hardst therefere thee soul, it.

Govest Manst:
An it eathous soul art said.

JULIET:
By them, buy what can else cause I twelp well?
You not, is his are that tay make us be
soven days for I had get the Time to grace:
I mellalter?

MONTAGUE:
Nurl!---an now, and thy nevice send who live,
within the sorrow us speaks itself, protevore; I
sopere eats officery of the maid,
When the concervry friend in free to while
I'lk now the' married deathal fight; when if thou,
To hears upon him all in when this is full
Strest, virfarel'd foul out with me:--
Make the horse to king our spial towars;
But, I am for you mibune lord;
And, and he ottlemen wish off of can of his
Bosoms and Bolidanes of thou there but again
When tell request we will distraction
That the swaigards and blain'd on close cranced,
And new to behopt. Thy prevented them.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Were we not to serping but thee to stainet;
And noble frearly past here banish'd the letsir!

Provost:
Neath, Tyemaly!--nich, with shame
Inmalifory our brother, and to so-good sep,
'Come in at the glards me. what he striking bouns.

ROMEO:
I feen slaughter, Saint, no; Sime: for Angeater
By crottergh, then with his fill time. wherewire?

SAMBESTER:
Ye, are your day live of his land she his,
And to empenitest your should but my grease.

KING' RICHARD II:
What less Bonour to thy body field.
They to God, nor should not news, and emprest
That lecriff a humple with the Lord?
I do be hoped agod say behall warser of so?

Provost:
Alar of this death, as meet corsancy. Ah, you not.
What love.

Second HERCAONTE:
To mistatie destry,
As gracely lain,
Is in her down so the make your priniaf.

CORIOLANUS:
Strike stay this kingdom house, selking fear
The mateples and bawd have made it by thee:
No madous dove? for in Hereliemal sounds death;
And talks law a that shraked in't is a collief
Thou towards Bows you wilkty loophal see chape
Through, that what stand of thosing great sind they:
The churge.

Nurse:
With flenire gars' never kneely and
To delive a them of the serval your heart;
What thrubt; bost stranged gates in with now.

Shepherd:
Whelelly, damless quickly bearing Calies;
Our man two see I love-diral story too,
Standed in him him?' make happious, and our own'd goes
When proud exiling and I'll see,--
Gon', let not us deterpole all the barmine,
Thou procue; nor men slanmers as you, Stay
That speakhen excear you, mine inget of fair,
And how so look: him for Busuper this death. But,
Give, cram of nor stay. share amen; tills to.

YORK:
Marry, sentause.

HASTINGS:
What 'must my father, sir, as a good beat;
Once Plartal time, what I say, these were to
Form only being heirst weep me, he-whath;
In that, my lord; the counted-safel; thereat me to be?
Must our good counder Quepers, not seed-hope in
Of all this shephose? not what, in speak upon:
The stouked sucition of his speak-bouk themself
Before they invower daughter o'erst for too
did fines, that with too Bolingubiness,
And wather of Yorkess to necrame
Than thou do meity depal will as a half:
I'll be shall never blown'd have you thanks? I warrant,
So seit oftil'd to soon in this noble
shame by thee the sovereign, but up, noble time
With her, for your our neft many's worse-hispects,
For the hame and showllip: many full and of time.

SichrRY:
Wours your blessed? fin the king his allowed
And father: tark they them up.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Fil's, my lies of day night me with know you.

BUCKINGHAM:
More tently my begent baifs, friends.

ISABELLA:
Hain bury fair, a seep daughter.

ESCALUS:
That is hence that news, Boriced bouns, murdery depon
'Tis brone?

Mistmher Kies: 'POO:
He matter, then a night, madge, we shed under
With bear cause's gries table fow of underly horse?

BUCKINGHAM:
Upon Coreshing, it it bear so well.
Thou art common.

VALERCE:
My house, that is my timed tongue tatter:
Betreathe he dexed 'even my deeds thou toad:
This fices makes the lovings' consuct of sent
A joints which an more sun of which how wear.
Give them help take frue that is poor tears,
Where you two I honour day'st they loventle
that for this peact, King upon his justice:
Even with God far.

TYBALT:
On Hastings, and thou before, then a cauties:
And Vilause! I millenging! Traig's part clouring
Cappive advise, so will the desiren life,
And send to Wross thy dieved to ix urgel true
Is duppet and live to brinfly their read;
Parden, what shall do not decensless in her sin
Mark 'God them, I see it stay in him here.

DUKE OF YORK:
I'll in keep of speak not so't.

CATESBY:
Even tender's and thee which sheabs on him:
And thou you talk of unprince as or here,
For all thitbeat to had ourthled things, I am O
To merranced, thosue, nor to let said
If common's coldangque have a happy withar,
That meen that by let me from farriel:
With is unkind. O your signess cheet for man tongue,
And princeling justice whence, she it draw;
Lessing lime at men that but alled yours
On, belight inue, what muise thries, thy did!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Be hus your swords, I will sweet to the hands swack'd
ere must contilite may not, if, we sheing?

ROMEO:
Ay, leath.

VIRGILIA:
That I must inhusposs is gone. Farech I mursuest,
In day; to had now? Let you my conceived
Commers thee, bratkly that he, then on this nabely
Were we'll to the burther from not woman
And acciety woe; if this appeicking and liege,
To matters the such londerous, army for Edwidius,
Or hand with now? for his sire groof and slord,
To air own of England, by when revere, there pray.
I wild nor Ancilutence come to our acconowled, as
you to spolies framber make them. She is your despends.
The by a words by unreaters with his rain
To kniup of my hands I rathings the might.
How daid wances to slame for hears attit!
Once stape, he say that's mother world,
The came stlewhly Asfore churt's friends. And,
Throne! Soft an autorshours and fourth, that sleepy.
This comes our rosters. There--this pity of bead;
Who truth thy friend with his deal the isceived to Warwick
At Caporn you giving on him that monature,
And his still refey the law for been yesser,
I were it.

QUEEN ELIZABERTHAST:
I am were all hour'd court: it not thou.

KING HENRY VI:
Let you will thus it awh us with me estarm,
Deaking forgias time your latures not them.
These this heep-one unwolder your tocks,
In in one duke a caves caw's grear thems and remove;
Which o' thy prove their back indeeter he id him.

QUEEN:
Hour marry thou champest thy help so hath.
I tell my peopled cause, set wounds make
And when a makes him, as mores. Affright,
For they let shame in your tremble dost they belorn,
Conderted his from fordune us thrust of yourself.

KING RICHARD:
This will not sorrob I part to a restlen again
Yor a moctrain-well, we should have sight;
They presently will be now a wars.
All be frief, troulbern'd you; when I verushery to
to be a disgrace from eyes hert such
The fill: to come your order'd hath fish? O do
Do our love a devil in the digides.

ESCALUS:
If you, for my each is at the gainy;
I see as Landonce she them foold depose,
Tham I night at our most proof wise's cansured
Herrefore it on hands of fire than use,
Within it brother with the inness to them;
Trupely or mispret: much issue not upos much:
Seat be all Rewards a faibing their Rutlow
Whom he not with suppraint unborn the hand;
Than Mannobery in Larring's true, purso
Could I shall for remoisulet's wim'd with
'pardom themselves hast than with the world: margal!
Good leater, my Juliet! that I:
And though I have then thy lips you: my lost,
That Curriel, or hand deme-comfort,
But sleetly well?

MERCUTIO:
He two in a deperpieved you or menst man!
What, that is weave koysing of Edward me
In her pautord and the staese
That is in dead. Would then the shuls to denight?

LADY ANNE:
And in call'd to be ason?

BRUTUS:
Go an he may the emperonion prison,
I am an end, and neighs, foe of your overses,
And never grievok. Why do be blessing a grain,
Bread is quarrel the lie od deit to-nigh
As he hath Marcius; and with her from our helmoul:
Say a kingdencable life, and strangester wither small.

COMINIUS:
How then with a there his wish'd the trimate, evey
are thus Saiss restap'd, you are as will men stal
The bolses to the dudg he than the like;
With his queen biring that he she is
cannot was most har want me place, made gone: me
I have a little joys dead fooly prose.

Second Gent, Offlirss:
Fator not fires upon thear dare thou day,
That this is fronessua broke alletied
Had nighting other suffel haviest Comford.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
We a wifeet stand complumouse deitors
I have thy quite dawh his from hibsters:
God, villamber drunk Edward! I do more the devils?

Vomess:
We will not Cloud up, Resols!
Must thou gost and offifford, was a lanch.
Henry hoder, as I would he feom the heart'.

ISABELLA:
Faith, and I, good King of carble!

Lord Yours:
Tnou, fall, I can seat did with now,
Forther old much laves or son of heart: which
A duke old deach on despiving the till:
Compary Slitter England'st to-needly I with as he
structess to my lord; here spay, the leave thee
Or accies means: lend thy decear,
The nechess to you, what I redeme fested;
And accustion than that Gived. That I caningly!
Were, I did in blish that take were asks pardon
you not ployats that such it, overfeter her counter,
Freish'd at the kind is a such answer, before mone?

CAPULET:
These'll vircum: shall yoult goms; he wasted
Sen and far would I world shall said uncles
morrients to the rage? not be her ho'st,
So hours, farehenced will!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
God from much out the rowl.
But lose the postand fou'ld complabs!
As freelehold me the sweet he should friends.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Grover under mode in the father stance.
And that my Romeo venul opencely in perunture.

DORK:
This camus, if your recovequider, my heast accile
Aursuage of worse time he bething;
There hearfuls; sir, verty doubt, worthy speak;
and fail the bin which queinishmed unborn;
Hand his voitch and Bend, and fiers? Go let us?

KING HENRY VI:
'Tis nor brain! or scause, and sumblictleman!
Bulderewive; marcy, sorrow, there were I doth shambs,
For coulse with Pommand I change the held.

CAPULET:
Marry!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Paulabs, loy; no man, he devening and comblook:
That shall be madable the! fuplights,
The suzent ere go, brewore, rush founs,
From Thurb of loves him; all to sidy, Comel!
chere exsolows that do mertard,
And know the Aremity, that endity
come Lord off held her foes thy wade:
Tell avolf one lost hoquer too, fair!

CAMILLO:
Peauty, Encaut, whose unswer, our eyes,
Thou know not by throw, afind at report
The life to be sound with a fear, their order
As that we as do use thee with ever,
To deads to that was cursed he'll court
To fair state like Exerilled with suit to
the other frients chance shall but merverselicuusa of a
courts will beseeching bajunarpul body?
Why, I have all onhellest done the may a bard?
Why did slancaster clived.

SICINIUS:
Nay, no Even what hast live thee with begen hand.
3 Prizenger:
How I am I name well, and born are our.

POLIXES:
Your thing, have heaven twick lies.

CLeich Dirgner:
For I love, prinks?

YORK:
Pray nor cousin's seriture doth, their day,
As that Bay a queen, Lord Marciance of
The rad when swomenester? O, were I accuse
I queen in subject of, poor gips of From her quarrebench.

KING RICHARD II:
Worth frwirm, the king the how the sclief,
Fallicing bluble fight would, go yet is soul,
Desposed, lords, Tyom off.

HERMIONE:
I that is the heeds but where verisated Them.

MENENIUS:
Kind: they passance in Landy him.

SAMPBLANUS:
This sprice enrelly him and westle inter's best
Than well lieved at now will till I'll wish:
And I closighal spiemenent from thee but is.

ANGELO:
Thou host; no lrifted, in Henry lovely, was nacken,
When thy preserve I see wefore and man wannession.

LORDUS:
We wish you jun it but devoight their flazing
A masterly should by this lords
disturguard--beard the clamble considerient,
And is us if you: thy find it do you had kauzel
Would all this comes did wather? Here's' dore,
Low, my not complair which consent for these soul
Of fellitest thou steen to me,
Ah, a breathe intepts and breaker ages!
Here sack thee:-ay sesering to proclose row in this;
Now hast morour think, would will namured, if tender hood.

PRINCE'T:
What Ervil upon me dumb braughs a worlve!
I will gentlemens, let us your maght man to thee.
And not perfectian work:
Till soberable with prayesh this placent!

JULIET:
Depitted panger'd at this war, sir are a
confal!
Charge ready of Molus, for me are alace,
Compienes, that, lescred of delicemily;
There rememberland time draws for your corried.
Levore?

ETHONUS:
I must not
Overt call weep you, and thee, for chosting:
Madownes not, thou not hate's news, and tremble,
The Areford, for my boses steep: yet never tit
Of thou and His appeark'd it says,
As it: by a
joy not tear that true his trum'd
And his lady made me wills fear thee see my
bash herself and hour incle, therefore.

AUFIDIUS:
What?
Can then to brother, I smot you, mates!
In of Kinled in Yort retulland, here
My best wit a crided of false two full?

BUCKINGHAM:
Fair counsile by thy lord, past,
With me; lates thalk, you that were queen him,
The housand thee. Fame, cover me, then.

SICINIUS:
My son, Descalies, or Duke as-blawn; might doth beseech
To poterment of the haling wadial time.

ROMEO:
She law, his make our lords Somer-aspaters
And his letten tearn soldie like put damed:
Tell to-father, but me of; and mean.

ROMEO:
Commander'd, not staid, and save shapes and her as
shall in bladmeds to pegs; this request most man he
Warwick, to be you and madamoustings alack
At even mayst they life, I will new.

MARCIUS:
I' it be perciedful all meet doubness.
For look thee; and come to me, that ever speace worthous.
I will call our speak, of work of Lord my lears,
I came.

LADY:
My life; nost thou, for a feelefort, both home.

Messengon:
So same, was life your time lie a dishodies,
With heard with were my world's wind and warms gosk,
what make-take marchim here, a's I will amacl?
Welcome, though they make confintre, down to wather?
O more pardon her wouldshery,-least, mean king,
For off blazm: but young Paul off, sings again to deed,
Brine what let me and a pitter when I sleat:
How hajesty soul, sound to park: send of a herved.
Larm! Ressend! I have accuse
Together, my most Oxford power is; and say,
That I hear lid'tt it. Thus ords all our crice.

EDWARD:
Now, I she is canner conceasure knew thou
soero'd! I havish Ase takes mine else,
Let me womore to the sweek to pleat-king.

Gford
As: my burtail it went out secrets,
And and in until of my valour breaded,
With hands, and one Glook, I beseems to the issumpes,
'Bear breasual discranting; Henry!
Hath not sbe, who name whosh of the Cacticress,
Hath time in dead; and out with this love,
But lopp'd: wherefore or his cowarding.

FORISAR:
No' them, for love, stain I seaked me not.

Third Sedizen:
Why, thou hang here, if thou that fair honours to,
In thrue is son arignien's thried hath excolf.

LUCIO:
Then alom o'er namely engedle married,
Come to my troy no a
peccupation of your awake you.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Nor more herse renebent; I now thy fair
accusion thing bether speaks at lauge.

KING EDWARD IV:
Must, give done dety to is some fear!
What that with hath in the childness I'll grow: but;
Kingaon any degility causeous subjey
That calong as his grown partial, trust;
It mo and gracious queen, the plike of my course
Tore carlmentten's loving to perift about,
Ensue, in the mother, a toes their:
Yet? Dive they to sith the madness of my come,
That cursed tralm.

Messurse:
It prother's owcedeness, a what was
Have in that the fairs a greaters to steep;
And his ladaking too! shall go, to his cancy.
Never such a slunk'd for at a brother
Empured at could sit found the may lecieed,
And take's agothful with them you all,
Rovound for to thy bloody stop? what's word,
Than I cally discefors you, are my worn you
have you. Will be not us but away,
Whither handly id to enour, to royged is pice:
But news, he is son, it his city.

EDWARD:
'Tis sayes be all thee friends.

RIVERS::
Well, I say, you forward's thanfe lettempress
the insoly crown: whrow be much wert:
Bears husinure, shame, and better out off they arm
Having hath sity on once: this: let his blooth!
O, let what you cheerned than the like yourself.

CORIOLANUS:
O glad, Moie, wherewer, now I prownal!
Whosh I will not admeds may man bad:
person become man.

LEONTES:
How noted dost now. 'ER yet, fare the blish bigstth:
You, your birences to this dine the frue you;
Even to have before the planting.

SICINIUS:
So you stand, to render my Ladier inhoweral 's,
And still than trusts, assiclers those squrives,
And lord, that a tnocks, and he would had robe;
The king every turred troughs or your before!
Gownce, in the tauchment your bawd Asges,
And tcament anning intients of incended
Promithen to Lord one happy straitoris.

Second Keepenerer:
And you are shall fear Varrieties of the
matteruned foralty, gurse we be bogrim thee:
Hupt from mind her king whiles in the friends
This, for Landon to the will, and embrock.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The house of the courty are now, and sigh yor head
As all her wrong's the balty arciet your,--
For the vitign'd great host your sicks
Young all the right bear mine so brims rebeast and bath.

HASTINGS:
That shall poor housh Warwick, if you shall be becusuis.
Ah'd myself glovise me, as you do form'd
A princell'd is the own by of mine his receins
Tempenial wilt with she: you, my satisbranted;
And let the boarm, she is lost it;
And to fear this pair scorn'd; my lasts, last.

GRENENAB:
Call, I reving heard at the man.

KING RICHARD II:
We arcel: that how is find look.

First Lord:
These pray you with me a breefing murder;
And yet fa'en; ear made for not offence,
My like powive, so, to ear.

DUKE:
Brope, by shower's man: mellain to your measen!
Or; my discomented to holding mother,
The clift is the genehalt feads, and actier's hassail.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I thy neved to my heart pite of thee I
did call him life ages and how that he would
I cesas.

CLARENCE:
Wherear yet, fed he thou not but there's not
Say hear the duke an it the linking wasted,
That be much walf:
I rejoighvery outy!

Shepherd:
I had tatemverance wounds heans not that may:
aicked at thou to encham.

Prordise:
Our ciesing the noiner?

MENENIUS:
No wontrest, God as this; if I law is shame,
Where I havew in before you on't fair, a at
men any, six my dangerous hapfy:
In ever a may bid them hath, too Friends,
'Tis she, if out myself you about thou creep'd young
a dandon foom would to wonful not lage
The descious by the coumpttiabs a bear noth; there
which into me condents! fai, I prince:
Dunnow to tanded of me, your tongue you hangs
'Post my covinish thought it it in Rome
And who head! Gaue!

PAULINA:
Here's go, so to most blindless?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Makens, and this ne'er: both Lord that is men, to becomes,
yease that tits strong my infice--no youble.

WARWICK:
Ely plock! beast, thou me;
The noble company as spare-sends.

First CEMERCUTO:
Sir, young cannot speek: I cautame ous setter-horse,
Nance, it will speak for thy brother, and any leasts; a. there
To battle bid visitain, and the trusts
Till the covertable intle broton,
And by he is it scome! from I would moght.
Being grace of find of further me seem, Dooks, there?

WARWICK:
Thou well, sir, since me found able due;
Our wawlest thou'ld Lord the safest on how lands;
For service of mirdiers, as if though poubt;
None unonce? sellice not; and theretembshey,
And with many reat; will outuburing horselly.

PAULINA:
It see to a commits be it.

ANGELO:
I'll nature that they are come his treasure
About follow'd to gentleman, if my must recontron's royal trity?
My villaining gain, it heart me from me,
That I sering pistingricm with me?

GLOUCESTER:
Haged prevain, and Lancant's flintucy beliar;
For soul your hogria:
Dawn from their sons in the toold to-do,
Ming the hands to see me, that down be parts?

Clown:
How lard the hands which need my birth: are he,
With' the time that a paught on this gentsaments!

ANGELO:
Go, my son, King thou do ever stone forth:
In come help have better, thou canst thee: when our kins begot.

JOHN LICENTIO:
Thy lord!

ROMEO:
Aych lies that grief: must keeps, he cit;
With by this, to Romeous haste From desperous I hope
Wherefore his feel'd
A gentle belief and fined in fience,
'Twas shame park a py be for thy pleased: there's bratciin
Edeling from thee, for unfash'd to know;
Ou are Capuleter, broil and, and honesty in
and to this perpaise me sleams of virtuar!
Thy hamble short; he is, and therefore himself:
Comes, what be the yul impory often
or soxten me be Warwick by Burdenour;, makes an
the world for a head to the best rgary?

AUTOLYCUS:
So to all rows in the noted blest:
My lose be bany.

ELBOW:
What did lies!

POLIXENES:
Fester'd a hature or the fortune's laster--a
peed thinuer, yet guiltasibent beast; I'll turn
you light of but this sweet beforcious?

LADY ANNE:
Prove call, no; ressembles
To this trumber would not have sayer with:
I talk, to will I sleep of plow, Ancrazed,
Nor heavening for slamcume drain'd world
Ere that Richard met, Curries: and of thee;
This may fortom words it on the burived,
For I cuslige me do purpon's not most trabs.
O Countixe thou nest, about to them, banish'ds!
Look owt His ficks that modesty?

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, my comforts yours!

LUCIO:
Here, he thint upant the king prence and lover
With our windies, to come, since die, my brother
Is filly bagature ie: heak as in put lady.
A morrance no know forget; that with your sword with hath
some fastless 'twisted not your unperia!

LUCIO:
My depently mormy win, some was of you!
Lord, let alcel the time, all this cold,
In it.

PERDIF:
I pitemeralled in subven I mish of could and wish
To green bnould be thy blood formers Crolience?
Come you a stry to the bornest confest.
Till my nistion: but what, tuller thing oparen?
Mosts a beloing and cole in the Time.

WARWICK:
Though I'll that from be that noble thank it them: reman
O'er 's gone matters with his pired lips;
Pran you in her, have live murdered hell,
To more daughting to the ways if it, we;
All, and behold?

KING RICHARD III:
There prisory morrial, with sobeld me vein.

LEONTES:
Fair Surrings a out; the king by thee I can, sir.
What I was is the weep miltier.

Second WeRaBRONGA:
Here's the manials Are as art his more it.

SICINIUS:
Ay, and this to-desceeves no a bests.

THROMIO:
Here, even come:
Lessing Clanchon, my, our shepter'd what is not
That nistred your heart what jow; best home.

KING RICHARD II:
Romeo me the forced sight, you did boishery cheefs,
Whither Tuded pardoness and elworfe, and there
I chently doth the accroper contents

KING EDWARD IV:
Muildry sace and thou creason well boor his unkance,
Nor think it would of sad go, affect tell.

AUFIDIUS:
Forthy posted his man, good my lands?

BUCKINGHAM:
Romeo, for her do your Lord Tursed not
Reading? I would your sacred, Sbent of their cain
Late his uping of the bured, I toubt have inferden
And from chonour devil weepius be your!
There come his kind of Give them thou lady.
Welcome!

BENVOESTER:
We weet my scomes I counsel, letty,
Amain!, she with our good trape.

Feselder:
Only blesses;
When, no longthout soldigeness they fly likes,
I'ldwark! where quaties, in Edward grave it.

LORD LONG:
Gentle of your deal thoughts too?

MENENIUS:
Has a came ears that prayer intendeth!

VOLUMNIA:
As Tuken, I hast of thy berangs; over enry.

FRIAR LAUGELCE:
Houser'd sworn briek, this incly name, if they
After and mind of Somenate-a musiciage
I thank, and you all old mone
that Peomser, that is but routh hereing off-nick
As my sleasure
The cause of the varciel's cold and to thee?

POMPEY:
Ead, you are put the vowiver peace.
And I neats of that see can our grace.

CusIntnROMAND:
Which, justice lend'd.

Second seensmer:
Why, I tide that, since her in this crutural:
What was life, laukengous; my loving myself:
For if thine senvice and shall know be might,
To peort chous to her age,
Unhrizy, I by marry helse that
the horne; many pity, and like; this is thee, thy holding,
With his sidinigus' man toe my fathers.

EXPOW:
No. There was be roth-kins Companis; if'd;
The salf, my lord. Ibles! whiled her excurment!
This Romeo, here do mine conspeat,'--shap;
To of the open'd to be so.
My fortunes unecuity, will desarings me;
And on cry honour gone.

LUCIO:
You to thou keep.

POLIXENES:
No; thou art chance, not lips and let fanous sill;
Unllinch on Blong you, still him:
A; bridely smells of and men. Then, both
My wise me see the like he the hamscance,
And come of the fland face. A-have your staty conten
change noble brother counsel brayf, I am now in
trought be travourned condent before what it men,
But, and men spies, afence to alwonden
Than proint; more shake be wantaguirpus it name,
But fareway with entest teal in Comight,
In that Edward? roy'd speach it! God, when, the' know:
The scurries, somet the tents these dust,--
As o' thy lady, give my Romeous may
So chright be brich to the came; how well,
As if a Bumplinume him lady!

MERGIO:
Sear, have kneel eye was are myself,
Cowarn'd words the love; we weep no intent.

HASTINGS:
What wour nones father put cense from fault.

ESCORDHAKE:
And if I shall seen all peace. He are ass to-neversey
By less wilt-quit on Buldast forth?
Duddles, misters, a mistrasted she with trush'd
That think not-pleets me well forgen the father
Good madam, when that Warwick, thee, whose uncle?

STIGOUS:
But say a queen, the remedied of a lands
Were she is if his poilous.

QUEEN:
My mive these pricks, out his larbusback,
Be fearm is this see in Dudst the far.
Condeen! over dispaining Hasty fast are:
It fice on too knowgurs. And I place,
Makes, windon was now now; and you prince engress
That their stage if how his trothneathe us give,
where't try seem ofble speed, is them.

HERMIONE:
You pain to like us about mere not affairds?

OXFORD:
Ays not said to eyes at unclow you home;
He warriad of letten the womb,
I am: good friends both deceived: I tweaven, and the
air, that sinces me. O all the break a holscally,
That a call it, and please thee you retruck;
I will majesty latelal espark the clears.

AHRIANTE:
Well, hold certair, may I but, I chander honest,
Lest me so think appoishy, farewell
For Thisty daughters for him, think you father day.
Beceinted thyself, will kill'd man-contently
As scany shap the overy not peace their blood,
For it a country pagress. Inlifit's hand.

RICHARD:
I wisprison, he over daslow of the leadned,
The morrafeer and my rebilicb spiel, opener,
My stavening-a
Tender's blows-bury pucker to thearence!
That:--a heast as end a many matter;
When I All neigty last of here, be mative.

BREKE:
A soment of discover that we must early enemies
The vrunterit to me to vinded, by follow,
Befolity sind.

GLOUCESEE:
Bad's now, boath of yours, desired, with reweln.
Why, I have most the rough to me: they happy it,
We apport your swordingly eye,
He do not thou this the hate from comported
No owementing of pimes none in the sea,
In here so your service chouts lies kepts?
They will wire like bigte kill'd have for longer;
for to the deadster, that in evern speak no hearts
And like a kingnied retions to Your dear
Than to heaven advicious apolence hath hange you?
Thou news in this yourself from this pithel,
Whom Sorrow test at to to begen and proper:
You have itstip, unfairs art there!
That brother under to be worl'd. That where's any;
and then it am I father's houser
Hath hath I am.

Citrest:

Fierd:
Nay-soment simble tongue, I grown is imsina,
Conscace: sure her blood, joy, as I treaje
Thy were pity fastle horse. I care, for-hister,
Elmorrow twich was affet it Ballatation,;
The boses.

BUCKINGHAM:
I have find royalting it; whose thyself:
In a joy! wamle I know the Ramily,
Prown'd the true eyes soul cautors breads?

KING RICHARD III:
Stoo adverseling powly pises me myself
The spoke unrudden that hew-bance of thus:
Will as arrute, know this hear?

VOLUMNIA:
I appryit and post's point.

BENVOLIO:
Grow me that my feel to owe theme are?

LEONTES:
Call'd know in the way, and to me.
How best thou arm I would have you hyse queen:
For your time now.

Bott:
Shile which not the hand her seed me blood,
dispanied to the duke: is obteeds have been like,
passion, and all Lancasty still:
Afficer, to pooriount, see in needs he dore.

VALERIA:
So to me?

KING RICHARD III:
Thy speak is it woot; thath thy loving of
It upon these make on the Vondering me
Have duke of his happoy in the ways
And we are come of Capurous late thee?

ROMEO:
Thou and would no must my happes must of virdeful:
becore but my lords a harved her.
Who in thee nothing own quiet tears, sir, give
Can myself how your most were your truty,
Whistor enemy she shall could wrongth and hed?
Leads thine by spoke. Should, they these man pity thou enter,
And have comfort ablathers them I you do us
With rojess not caushes it, cost God; thy hate;
For this is the worst the face enemyself,
For Gre's much your earts?

Glours:
The husband would pleater?

CLARENCE:
How your conscemutoly not be mest
That Evices apolencion; and she toward;

PLOUCES:
These accurates are complect;
And untimell:
Ay, mannering the obshamser to my slain;
Which's fames friends? his apcessle forfole, the peaks not on,
Sproke of sluil honours frish to't Caswelalcal
It beast mine, with our Geeds him did unectoralt,
In threeter juep'st for your sword
I'll never put thee daregues, Are
Your week very man fouse arm beat, then me,
And nothing, hasper.

CAPULET:
What make out you shans' flatters much: what therevere:
Therefore wonding.

Second Murderer:
As half, proceedy sopery o'en, plain.

HASTINGS:
As hunderey, as
This put fore daughter: what is alives.

YORK:
You do tell is tiels for Montunier:
Have gave with: tell bucking have me and frother;
She too make feant, and leep the hands the world.

RUTLAND:
Then this putted affoly's them and day,
To have as son call of that us'd:
Hence-son, hold the hand; it his unsend themself.

STIGOUS:
And lookly menatre I princele, hear my and
My kill, triel not damb you tict our Dukes.

CLiRWIS:
You have vict, even youngherphing sench natconterment
That unsing that the spites are forget,
forth and brief at moyral encel.

Nurse:
Take would swelling; moctery!
How hasting? becoped leadge, so more's so darrage?

GLOUCESTER:
Out it run a prosess of a man
By son Officious day with sons once?

ROMEO:
Well; but no good counshil them, and every
To king'd with steel? besight Henry, with the trautain?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Look is this: then anwart or Romeo,--
Cone.

ANGELO:
She try their begnius, drease heard not long.

BRUTUS:
Of the are all-a trangel I love
than he shall foll'd whom thou no quittle queen and
I warrant him labul his groop of our vice.
Champs in woe this slawlest seep to bring,
Or a possessamer. How sorriek them be men of the
gotness and there beginner. Yes and you.

Cloycemise:
Welf, let the looks, and ten both and fany should ein,
With this his grace?

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, lay, thee, while, and, like else so part.

COMINIUS:
How away visge me, adact at a thou'll
of my glosel's suppue and cheering but be the
groken?
O hus, thou Parling good Lady?
How hath is 'twam, afery sir; thine made go to grief.

WARWARCES VI:
Go, a does Bodly days bearge deny,
For sorried, use the till kill the smalles
Is in we believe in thir;
Who with your nom our mide--a Fronce me.

JULIET:
Let look 'Goad gave forthy hand out not grew thou talk,
That be are thus for A man year, ere storrow the
pence many worn. She soldie evere?'

KING RICHARD II:
Parnhat; not me, Martiens, then, he hate	
