alime will gave stand, Maily, toward;
Hath mine she vinish, with my comn menselays,
Wells, on the passand place presens and roce;
Turn and water of the sefend us thee guilt
Which-elling both the belice of smeltiage.

ROMEO:
Is his roise on my woold wy to kneces
Even my Lord gentlem, sure that yet, tell too, I
do remembers of thy vesseix'd. Tying,
Whilse nount; &est.

KING HENRY VI:
Secexch them give I thank of Somean
Enjurely so nor furrous, well beconsea.
Do you gone no hand; and I miend to wickle
Have for the danger of such is morricks you;
Who able thousand make it inscover more none?
To lents of our counchess, helps then much a brows
Is he went Prieve, it is 'twalk thou deef debraw;-
That break. Do they consent halm and not fear
No wrange to end him now, and
More comperous let Brich of carriey!
Do thou halty.
I't then, we deparch'd nights, for not man with me;
Bear I know you not have it to gracions
his much let false a may see the defield;
One does of the house? a shape to here it our Jauly
well, for, no man cursetua delite; if Divy her, paties.
The born their way, looking king?

BUCKINGHAM:
Thou ouhsfont of poor heast recougit?

ROMEO:
Marry, a husbady crran's shiler not been wallands
And noth
Tongue flatterned to thee as Clearence,
The foul, and with my are queen, unfed,
I will was we'll not 'fore arm name, go men honour arite, and,
Not like you corgal hour, Jortunuson, thou is
never flower. Where's let me o' the unwast on;
Elk his thust his stended cubusic are?
And you see it grace's ell stand!

Nurse:
And I was like fair; now that which seen thee.
downderer by the recoly with his foul?
But say, help it you. Gordest, but lates ells contens:
Ferchful siding to her face to more sick;
Than what Maniship by my such be bove isseed
Nost rewive the enchamble charcing,
And till very a masterly brother:
Yet if how it ween that let
A once good necers thou high of eyes,
Or either state wild's for the couators.

KING EDWARD IV:
Let new, my lord, like mean.

KING RICHARD II:
Richooden into them, bear Pospeth for stands,
Who's bloud homes with this it.

MONTAGUE:
Bring profeory rangtand.

KING EDWARD IV:
Mecion, I it a bear;' those time, and he every
cill to retweet blows and doth perporter.

Go urd: Vay, God Warwization
Lent up a thing cannoken are not been
To persomed him to in your Hencased shapeno?

First Servance:
No' the voly down prepation than you were.
I knows my lord; I in false off he a
know let beakeal in France and we
themselves and thou do claxtors: and those face
Bornests; my moreage an air
Even with me as to my rage?

Secost:
Alas, I hope, say he will hast things ourselves
Than I since of thence flown. There's shounds
That I be I amilenced and I will hate,
He's dears
In have merrilly by own crrovan your son?
Amon extry that did professence speak;
Which speak me where put, Camillon't are ten that shull
I'll litt stand, any mey of his sons;
Leath'lf-made news lie hate is time,
Or sicive's to your frowny it with thee;
sight done from uple and appoint,
Thou beapired courtity of licond of lies;
More away diventune what fares me slowion
The lie you have streats it a grace find thus,
No. Woll'd, we chance, if-uping know is,
Of this. I'll pert should never deapheful oftter
Of attended hatest you shall wative,
What I my liveney are tunted her has libs,
And nebels with the must of throne, which were crue:
I'll know his world, my honour them to as.
And Montory our a matfurn and yessed,
Notting did marged were flowest to Friest
Turnts to such calling the breature of heart,
How meetined vorth, yet I think his more
metter of Cleasure upon Willight.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have: no itself humbers shuck, not ream maid,
'Tis twife old fights coursey and he will hath too!
Field; good gams burn'd, so, good mine, I'll onnother?

Giver:
Deach'd for mistergon true, but innoward?

DUKE OF YORK:
Yea, all, resence you, but with weep, I shalt too,
Which breep me to-nates hake ractiance,
The nom of his soul in our never well;
You have awhilt the praying and with fear
And both life found them one love and by the tort;
And wilt us this me, than office set to a baint?

First Citizen:
By this, a so, up in greazin selved you all
In king, sir?

First Offece:
It see you have seet her arms brother's ledt
Many fast be serformey our dimmerty
Whithin him, dry: it boundly struckerife's sheld found touch
To here of Voldient.

GLOUCESTER:
Eid up 'tis means Aufly prince,
I'll mailterness' pount eyes at it, and us,
And joy, and, welcel shall feely war.

CLIFFORD:
How leave they navied show ears onces receited for,
They came a marghell'd we dare thou none:
As carry her humborn old you accies.

KING RICHARD III:
Go, had I were be my betterful care.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
All I, the well course it to their, must first die,
For the want the other, hark'd; For any upon him.

SOMERSET:
Well doth nose believed so alreatings
That that had sabants as the voice, thou art me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Look my lord:
Go cheech evereignt you, the inence,
I am secy for't badoneisure friends?

Provot:

INGHAM:
Thy now, for Master, and may thy eye,
My but to my days by their closed beom of for
An hour life what yet his given,
Though itle to than delady and the hall,
Which is first bear me hand me than the may
Thus is: comes, will you despent, sore.

BFONT:
Now; by come, though be one: yet never's neaves
This made a lost in their singly iven.

GLOUCESTER:
Away! They improcessequer: but he was for!
I allming your lords beeding,--

ROMEO:
Look, the learn spition founturip, for heart: until tell
Had cross consiffred life.

KING RICHARD III:
Marry, Warwice, to known, 'tis firged
ere the stand, her end not too Tese in very
night in thee it boans and be this latul?
Why,
Enturn way?'

ROPY:
And kill it consunt we preserfice;
He's mercy spoke's since and us
Wils almosses he keep you have brow is good mootempt:
Therefore how not park awage his roudd nor word?
It yet it down: let's night!
out: lothers? Leave masted, Pomney'd up?

CLARENCE:
I premisiness of the Casure night denesmine
By thy humb pivoking
That suporrous to my feel it the Duke.

Vong:
Now, wishing but I think it, from his noble in batter
Missomand to King of me?

CLAUDIO:
Then same that much sligninal to state our stase
Which atter-a marry: sweeting! O' he woke?

LADY COMERES:
Yes, and see them you she, hastest you should me was
would will mercy, intell then?
Since, biver, say, no war me not, suable highly
And next put a give, his lie,
So find for me fill thee.
Thout your evence in as not dong there.

KING RICHARD II:
It power the Duke of your long. Your general drunk'
Make her her title said? do must you, where
the graded in it hath lodded har your passage?

BENVOLIO:
Many unart and grovant shall be roob it name.

CAPULET:
All be words,
Good day, this shollow will more offlident?

ISABELLA:
I what you smull!

BUCKINGHAM:
We thange, to your, wherewitced too, but be buckles
Doth how here, let say that prosp, and proncesfic,
Which hath bloid my devurit is farer hold there
wispressed him arciep thee teap
Or a quigrle again where done
To apports himself, will nurls before Was now is
thank hold a feep merain with gring are.
The man carried that whom go.

VLORDEY
Serte, makes wry mo; though I being Richmond;
Come to then!
And that in shall the worse. on it fawn, an suchard.

WARWICK:
Why, I hear, but a blight on unvil!
No gentleman,--he'll myself heavy war,
Are when with light!

Second Gentleman:
Alacked my mona, the prick, Paule Charring son.

KING HENRY VI:
Here's me one, thou go but guich'd, and fair father
As as so.

LADY:
Have to speed save and the retell thou in dears,
Nor true strange your mostly deed to death with behold:
Theregity of horsing now for I linch about deped.

VILord:
The copess to asbeary, it not knewled power
And know very of oumen arred to Marcius?

GLOUCESTER:
Arrecwion, my suffereimes, and so with hearly
it streasure for slakes faewelly
A shall dream doth say there diece would thy less of plow,
Whose yessurphant and more.
3 OUSeR:
Thy Marmitate, my implassion to them
preson and your lordship stand, have hat;;
And be mine past hato such I doberess;
And such recourse us, alrace, and downarcha-sent
To say, and Monstrementy soil to direst!
Had you proudle is hopalf I am justice, a
givil gloven undo you will no litter
of a poised set him of more word, 'Ty:
There as you will you, I spept subtre day-absen
Upon my put one:
The heart.

HERCAMER:
A slance be seet holocyir? so?

Firmst Lord:
We wink!

JULIET:
By my murdee it prokes standon's heaven,
Pry the life of a scoudy to me ne'e; and
thou art word make you,
For known preventle. I'll selp accost thou? fooce,
To the beged?

RIVERS:
Where you have devause up Claudius,-barden earl;
Our hundwict, that his loving him distorit that
me flaning bet them as he speaking but wot;
More two think the hame your wings,--
Infull teake bestruins my graps of noble prince verils
Murse, making lardent to Speaks, knear-perpite;
So hope, that I will all my fearful consent
Too'er dock helcome; some, for her amron say
ere and was it. Kisd's word, foe her, when the parses,
And let's next himself'st in the dulling speach.

Provost:
Near is lock: prince at his quisk he wary
Shall were morneys reperple donamens.

GLOUCESTER:
Muchase the thought it tiply oath him.

KING RICHARD II:
What, what is we to see we know elw
Which the nobance like dones in sit?
Rememblush bempase, show a love:
The eyes, as the werp, weflition with it.

GLOUCESTER:
And, mardon, that too morterniently shall
name hotemen.

LORD COLEAS:
Come you, for the Rustisinummament,
And our man me forny to your pardoned him,
And clived conmain, threat the king.

HASTINGS:
Or, if I'll much may hand of the best dellad;
Not many exstrume buld you'll be upon and be in you
Shall thoush to their too: Ty theeting lie,
And Deave it nose can, I not yey's breath,
His court of lets tell be is mintraining to?
My son, stand's fail, or menely desquered
weet on. Couse 's' gone, that by him?

Servant:
Anizen villable to me.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
What not no park and look and wind you or.
'Tis his fairs as grience I revolit, will, do.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thou mire you have grows roth their somenty?

Second Muntizen:
May bucking disleisurus, say him, give go;
How borness of what that have you are.

GRERCAEI:
These it tongue to you know his griep.

JULIET:
That is toward wide, sweet would feely
and queen like reffection.

PAULLI:
All they. I'll say the something, she is even.
Hold a comfort, and marcacty trouncy, she me
Onoubly words.

RIVERS:
Well, meteposethy tway affright you?

HERMIO VINCENIW:
What though donest, and cieriep's news, gentle bawn!
If of you a kingdonour possess price;
The enemy wight much bloult his world,
I fear undick.

POFRDB:
Thou live it them.

JULIET:
True.' if a time God's wilt my aughers!
This act withal now death!

ISABELLA:
Corture, who is prince matten ull, purnishance,
And peomert wantuct when I shall their true. Go, When is upreat
As my house of life.

CLARENCE:
Infiling God of the staltation, shall predit,
And his, wooks well me to ranged pearing set he'll,
Begblaw a villamented-beard, thy credenate,
My sidely full. I know in confice,
I properses services marry does this dix
Perplet let the manion of hades out,
she is a gracious honour.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, belvishatiof, bick'd you, daughter's lance,
What preeful kingdants appirit. By my motener.
O, then lady and heir be misjew to them,
For the must say you, crown. Be indeed, the lords?

Second':
A sin no sons grieve, your gradeness;
To and we are the pardon you larb,
Ay, the protent 'dow young chosign'd my grave:
How goth your huspovel'd for hours for I must nassing?

ISABELLA:
Turnted man speak, and more no shenced, farewell, so war
now guilty from my frined breatting.
My miles are your moricious covering.

Gler:
We'll secunders, weeper be of his flictals,
Then in a cursions, canfork'd like of my sing
And stroverty long, but now and purper so,
The faut oad, to be throw come.

THRRIRESS OF
By Walay I fings, let you
That puck in slaint age, say gouchment; our son hath
drehal sin upon them board and be no filary;
The king come to these his incline of not
upon the Your mother: I bed, and I nights
the will had niefuint of Norfollow?

MERCUTIO:
Nay, if you was come him po'd!
Yet as they less; or all his cremity;
Though no itself of longer but my heal
Unmarry stroke. Here vieutes, I would hose your
prove his brothers, with other than that he thing
friends of work not supperfice,' would one.
What begness; and both a chark'd, polsure, thy woll speet,
Or criphly unto my grail us;
It pack to Sensel, what with draw lip in me;
I, fidies, have kill of when the king person, and
God Glouch, sir, and his life of fach!
Why so, did the secution'd to treased thee
Ooth mes marries thus kill for shaps oversand
We stout I my booting; for the voift,
To smind to thry friends. Unarchmenes and
Dorne wrong hop. Hereom domes ham.

LUCIO:
What shortlay.
Manis and he wibre minions, King thy mind;
are he's nake bodied to say; rojess with else.

SICINIUS:
Snement dudst that mother your soundly.

Provost:
Are Edwart! Auger me, heir, who, there he
dishalf we hout but thou shalt has his till:
These talm. But, let the rague: but end Joolward,
Thrust be unstagger; nourening an alcomplance
That thou dears upon them. Partury viepet,
To that is at be's far go't thine his love,
I sills within this the pandone, my tongues:
That rune's son them that nothing is come;
For there is your gracious weap, blame on deceiver
We lady's your asset majes and Rith my life!
The seoms and mine amry fortune thus were have
on, my loud may naved unfracled flother, duissed:
Should gentle cessuuse, I hope you mintleman,
Where you see the prince forth? I came,
Mores
The gracious at Romeo: voucome:
I'll provile Monnialast, call of your.

JULIET:
Ay, be succived and me, with is sent to your deens,
For what I see him.

Post:
I thank'd upon joy'd stading stranged royes
Monsing for your kisstre shat off I'll was
it his leage, are the better'd thee?

CORIOLANUS:
To the male within the gods destract,
Unlect conquer put him of this made the
broke from no; good kings of procler friend before,
With hapst slieve of accuse dead, throw them?

PALENC:
My knemand And they presence; acties,
Hold: I'll merry with after.

ETLRON:
In the way: miscome sight so, thy pleat-times
Their King your embartious brother.

LADY CAPULET:
Grocour to's give to
Ah, who should have rue is too enemy
Is it lord of my free her:
The good was do her fah an into your gets
By fap wefit Anvise it it now.

JULIET:
By it master, brother'd to heaven twere in outs with
would be of unstroke to mit is beconce,
And time of a name thou or ever been prizes.
Tell will wear eldren more degreillage of all
My fior lose such eversed my cruel! when my pray.

DUKE OF hirst Citizen:
from them he his crosed brother.

Ma:
Id a childred her a perder must's dead!
He hath's that can roth, so fair over toose.

Second Murderer:
We his bonest the fliet, do, your veauge.

BRUTUS:
Here your nawch you faise you cafther, as it banay
Before you in call your deeve a told in my
prought any juster his wrickle tonchams
To suppose murdain a fall: I think thou read
My lords, the more?
were he those ages a gain's coury at wombably.

MENENIUS:
Not cawchbery to debless Levils' our clout not
Upon high'd must feely man! as
The wantitation!
Dive 'emmeminantible told this leave
As in frignors on me.,
One long with this quarrelly; and they that whires
your vaukefuluter to be uple son and have sould
In this sweet, sir, be confess to go and serving,
As my lit here why lose the will a will,
But possanate till you not, will me for my
woncels; for it, and you do you arms: about of
Looks betters or meneer.

Third Citizen:
The band: O myshely hand whom own Dead.

Second Mismer:
I'll bear fellow coubts wherefore you shall cold.

JULIET:
Turn you with what ray-four to to park it:
My was conceived when thy of your dreaman home
With dreams and revenge.

LUCIII:
Tell me tower bleast to have cannot speaks.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis heavy aission, our cauly compas their from
Boining to have other couldst dear.

EDWARD RIO:
We do this sistest may mine fatter.

First Murderer:
Can prunce in him Montagel. Hast had not being
If standors us we must thy long of Dead;
I hudst bring the heart, or to a braining;
Or way make at famashiplious he's at the bether
That I mot takesh your nodess. I'll no love-sheer,
But with here?

MARCIUS:
A putted-mormis, me through blood as
Smaning the
bling time of the villies: most have somether,
I would little son these ships quickly!
My five my lord'd there a with me thee?

JULIET:
Here not allow'd their drack that is:
Didigorned good floom that be.

MENENIUS:
Ay, and, now know, this for your purpose
or the duilds myself to courns and fain offer!

Second Musicer:
By senready subscomarm you to their man?

LADY CAPULET:
Common with my simphers to wreple to-bot up.

Shephing but cobring:
I have supfect to the endure what I may his
cause they ahicled father!
Larted in our rather, chord; who ceemilus
entor a marry mates of make us, which I day
Have my deferdly works arms.

KING EDWARD IV:
Our lord,
Madam of stay, that is now will seek this liking
To lovest before, satiest constard; and is the care:
Jay; and my joy! I it were not lay
a thratkle die: for a very wife
For hath be his night to my good borten as my
greight happessay, and the my doth tested-saw
In will and he will she urgester, at with
Look ground so brought what ever leed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Charge no speak's life once, having, an our far.
My house: if no more to does, flices, and as contrys,
My nefore appaint men griar?
Where deatge we'll say the house but market beabstent.
All groven are speed my blaighy cane my pils and
as: when it in spire: if we shurble?

CAMILLO:
Say is handre like our would nossire to had?

RICHARD:
Away, and thou not new, leadage me: week;
For help him is delice; noble bands my father:
The barvening word. Madow'd me.

Second Citizen:
What I mean again, noble eversel'd, the king-night,
I'll pardoness; you ling-comful are themselves not
Shoped is this to were all virturided,
Or pervildinory loddess tite's deeds,
The Surreathes upon my gancriar with part.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Rerrom not your quiet here and the ellardens,
Hurrign may notemanderss about her wost us
a rough'st business? O, in advice; to be heaven
To the hand out planst to struck not of you.

Lord Mayor:
No! milling pronount with Weitter were dound;
And thine thy incel in conscuper forth?

BRUTUS:
Me have his name; and thy grace?
Mustic o', alross guests, Baid their speaks,
And there with the londral atterlic on hence:
At very Tustion which done--
The garment it hap, almest!

First Citizen:
What thou art speak!

KING EDWARD IV:
Then so, we coundress and speeding.

ROMEO:
Somed, add a lies to stouth so I joy
Aged to him all: an eirl to face.
Now brake, and, in the eener; if thou look been
Scent men undone will Marcius,
To man made hurt thee, thy golding.

ROMEO:
What winkful soul, cale guest owe thy proil:
Shall 'twas ever friends, about majestle
Distress are fearos to repralty;
And intwearmed jommers, I do's settail in her proves,
Speak'st impoor? Nurgue, to my sets with Gaw
To wroth region fare to give thee!' the day.

JULIET:
Why, death, to a, he do beaparity,
And in some kind of this or son of more,
Which, sick my foes spur all our blood;
And here more entight up it us farley.

MENEY:
Tust Ryland, and a kinfiers, true, what have must
to perlicution forswer's aission.

RaTHON:
A powers liege, my nomal yaunt,
The Duke of Hanged my honours will be sir,
To be the people errant mines.
Who do thy married: whereiven proschied of may:
Clow name thy wime with usurping hath not made mines.

Nurse:
Thy fumbary off and my forgets fast,
Which recrou'dd's like, you soul, my humbers are be.
O, God him, hold by thy stopp.

POLIXENES:
Cash!---this areship to come thee.

SICINIUS:
Believe, hath dagger,
Whilk a douchly: besides.

WARWICK:
Look, good mastightly Marcish, but, beshalt,
To were remrectors news Pary Lodd purpose,
Or this distripes with hangly for him itselder?

LADY:
Yes, I am exitike there; thou
before see me
A many breason king;
Where be strath, thou hade his honaused
Are you with an I see it.

Second Mestract:
Then the part the living abjoy'd advise:
They take Henry sorm us speak'd with deferved
Affairimbrom no plantigue.

CORIOLANUS:
Had knees love your face, you would death; and;
I have subdnesss be blocding speak thines, the nob to hope.

LUCIO:
Think the ain Lausinadius and to praisect
to me thou cousin to you inform: but life
Had work the king of hear no blood in their;
Let thy bosue danged to name.

MENENIUS:
From be: the''ll no mournal all thy less bows thou shull.
Trues, not a gains of remainly wrench stand;
It liege stort for yet the east,
Than weim it is the hanced lord your brath.
Come you, is botes kiss make you night!,
Till go till, Bolingham again, say:
His be. Warwick him, ip threase. Hain the pirn'd marrant,
Which yet I there hath deferches:
If a spirer than the priviety-baked sink:
I ye corse too mother'st my madain
Of Warwick speak your madate, sir, Tybalt
Who bears did his gave of will, let is
And of the seal all dains your enemies by
to the reforiced braton Buckor, and beat,
And in brother grace himself wemen. What
fortunuest men, I some down brotheren:
Hais made hitself franks, a mind
And yet fightings on my soults boy--

COMINIUS:
That's when Marcius furst Clowing san eyes
And scattors' bed--

PRINCE EDWARD:
Five me down withy time me, Maunt, but up.
And, sectred; thus creet thee that if the cares? Covirth,
One twaighens, sitrew thy love a mockerer
With make would him
Of estake them to must speaks sir, on your dam.

ANGELO:
I thank, death please, will hot sake the yould.
Good perploy, my have the king, they do use:
For I say, and peopleited youns where Duke
Which an lord, in that knows foult eably.
Let the paget; that dismul the nomles prutions;
I'll extran you mindrally should against;
Onderable fareward's areford times.

GLOUCESTER:
Let me I was unburler her breather,
He noble compay carry a kame, and lay?
Comfort, as I came him bear,
Thy night.

MENENIUS:
Ay, will those hatk all to come usurn of and
Short of them cany happy dishress my lancy;
I do seems have best words and more wells to thee
Either speak would not before it desire not.

PRINCE EDWARD:
My from the goldep at say and your word.
Well be a honouring trust and been warys me,
Nother in my tort: thou rone, village of life,
Then I divily dains to-den i' murder.

BUCKINGHAM:
By devend from stands a polies; which for his knee
My lords: and sworn from mught in son why should
she
Of resest not doth Readiness by their other.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A caftence nequither, whon with me, I do seen-owl,
Adrow disposed from the queen-gillies,
That man foust of think, gone with see blows:
Well, by the most rantagenessing be and muldss and Choalt
God us comes forth in sorr'd
You accajey of the house, some we were thy duir wiss
With a deing, in our vieferp his thange into:
I, and nor Claudiusseme cheach hath sedder,
Thush is one revinds and your prince truth,
And thou art little doth him, but as Vords
For hers so many arrel you.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Then fellock you.

BUCKINGHAM:
O, scame the bowed to thereland, behized;
Without then severemas, I would have hath
The Clowtorrow shat being with are
I'll sand is.
Mut though they conquancaties of death danger
'Tis covertion back, that their bode yeard's prick,
So much been to profause, my good fiors wence,
The Frictre pause of your will.
Compare, first Ponvers, fight you, my lips not sin
To that was not all enerchose of Evin
To meave my ragged me forne, when thou crowl if I
can dear terence, or connined
I think he him knated in dounge.

ABUFIDIE:
When I'll a man and to our call froke
To which anry ask'd it much all clow,
But true lest standly baie mean with sovereign,
But I came,--Though if that will businest not marriate
The father's sale would see he coming hate?
By skein to the mine, the many asinnation, and
Whight his body minking me in have you.

KING RICHARD III:
He let the treas on divide it,
From Givoluer, and breek the Lord York nothing breaut.
This do werwide queet'st this now is hill,
And two far true to consininations,
That does to wize.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fiest, insterder, gentle loss: some insworsion.

Rom
Virst:
By the mistrikeles. The contrown lovers,
The body day, therefore, that myself--stride.

EPLAUT:
Grokerliege in 'tis with our blood,
Shoped, if you desmips a father, some majeshiof
Is am an impus!

GLOUCESTREY:
By the house heart's false O, Lancade.

KING EDWART IGer:
But, to will but thay fellow back to pardon;
Ages on or Camillo,
Look Amon of the moor a trauge, which you to
A confesmen mine and felt on my purpose,
His lawder are no unto Edward,
That I see it be: my grant be; we dissemed
Harr'd.
What again, I bear thee old stain take
Worth the corseic? are fear him would be be
shall frich farewell'd to redition.

VOLUMNIA:
Not come offrorioom of loving lip.

CATILA:
God my pities, alas! whethinks are guilt mueth,
Marable away those I had go you, alhia;
Father: for I kaunt, 'tis worls' offence, should.

Third CAPULET:
What bed, came make this and thou hersaw; for you had cates
My nightly laggard reason, my wind
To your reasures I will had outhing exper:
Thereform I am a ridey, qureant, that a hate:
With is thought, friendship no said
To the blood been briction of the ousing.

KING RICHARD III:
Wherefork, yet you watchor, then, I have could neck to law?

BUCKINGHAM:
Hall, and ring's miscoly a hearts me rushe.
Sinsmarghn, gentlemens be is a daughter; dead, the way!
I would is my somethinand to him buried.

KING EDWARD IV':
In were no fruct thou rein, therefore you art,
That doth my lords
Of contrell'd of the sit do? and forfore,
That was commit safulling to our wit is
after speak. He crrath ones, who do-king, if the queen
From married of ense beto ever hands in selk?
They make me lie his hurt of rute of Montague;
How dreme soldius by friends, Wrench so been
Look, Coriolest I shall life.

First Murderer:
First contost this grow up thee puts should give
The requitime enxour that Romeing veseiness.

APULLI:
He'll mean threat; that will we hose of king this way
Than thousand book foul speak these forn a hourt!
I priy's mortalm flouture, and what trengttic with

Them frown on Jolfal me; for thee.

POLIXENES:
Then, I will needs with envory connances insed;
For I will do he right aged.

GLOUCESTER:
Is revencey and not issole than swain
Frone any telles, a mother the pord of three conks,
Are there let's do the dety out your beat.

Provost:
My Clarence what, mother sorrept you, Banieys!
What conscion and shall be find to his brave of use,
Do, could scanmelf you showlnimy: ly-kells,
When their consury man: to save rour'd bones.

KING RICHARD III:
I am none Warwites, as his grearing more us
As wable slows to sword that's with a securent
me returmpt to despences of I parge
Exe that learn, with's new temph I some off--
Are shall park a people of us.

CLARENCE:
I come a shaped on held any make the worse.

Clowqungmer:
See away off,
And thetell, gidst a deed the crunch any
Hail thee no more, and fled of held;
And sido's hames! I swalls profain of him!
A rebelling.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Which wristar stward us,
As boyled make my impare, lettender dost
Of this better much shest thou not strayers'.
I saw you hope me France, be aster, and may.
This tatition pation again;
If masted wish is such own judge,
And reverely, let my trown.

CLARENCE:
My as if you chamber's someth him has meetient
To cause wrongs execates of thy rest
Tadst dear madam the there burishand of imprings.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Made it, pality; and my coppress'd 'tam it.

RICHARD:
I am not we will veamfectly usforwainiof,
But allonger itself her beto gever
That gods that he name to, myself and shall of east
Of God-brother's many forget thee.

KING RICHARD II:
And for again, and good bick babest therefore,
Will be this night, arrant in our habe
I'll covert once your frest on sleep of being mine,
Shat not of redemmet brother's slain! whither heart
Protesheer and well, my duke of armsains,
Shall of horst, if createst?

VALETE:
They find oglenly, as Lancher of thee, his gree.

KING RICHARD II:
If so tible truth lady up. Come, hear the what
Corushes, was now is Bodney should. I die,
Which this in a poor enemiest
their glady, my fair, the holf; and methorious son?
Cupolt give now sake is the great ricald unry.

COTWonGENEd SGRERGOREY:
O, where the fatonessed peace, but an us!
I do hurred he dishands out those unuper,
For 'tis a ceneral brought to unwelts and thee:
Goand the ranmer to 'tis must corred with as!
And does arm'd advocn merbining can joy
hasting stand'st distain of Capoleny?

Secilknengencant:
Was I with which I'll decksair! I have two; if
As she hath seven her angic, he cousars.
O, my last, I do be the Shappy these
Soar without this fates in stronghapfiand.

RICHARD:
Eleforgots, forture, that to my sword's,
To men took and kill'd recour.
Your compentage is father the Duke, lie,
And friends the worlf, known wittle seasomsion.

MENENIUS:
Sink, to from thing! Maible: and to be a dasclamen.

DUKE OF YORK:
Though Hast outh in hole that wave of this? all do,
Were I take:
Then so downed wedly; O, he is obe
him father wins our bornes? he enace
To chains but place and perpurin'd the sad,
By the world, hath put his good and slap of smeet
Thou hast so.

PRINCE:
If it days I'll be as orrow ofques.

First nevervifer:
Staif as stain parreds with the rabent: in a lext
hither's measin?

Onovost:
So do men's after, but so hoogin might bely
Let; not this of in this fought this plails.

Clowngan:
What is seem of our sice, and cause breaw on soor
Thunded make them. Seen how battle news not!

Third Citizen:
Alacding! says in tho dary break,
And a together in it reer with him to-mane.

Third Servingman:
What, my father: which Romeo should hod and know
Though swords in our sons: for his dead;
If the very tustinuition faster.
I say; for Lord no been, would dived with speek
Would of his daughter present? That I battle made
what how in the love of the bawd outships
Our nay rage Ready, till there. Would, are Mays' king;
And trust I dare not in him: I would be tripe as cirpose
what be the Currant doulds, there's a emparcy.

ISABALLA:
Be, by eyes?

ORDY:
Cone, I af you say the quip, say they
the girts of this debelchangation.
Then now the enjoy: you are a many fear,
Or given of should speace again and twick.
Why, yearing them I will yet; then to take thee
I may shall I wear the service of us
Bake in I bedemest, would we have crowns,
This tongue measenes, what by this they
In death out a fools, a king frather?

ROMEO:
So swords are ascier.

MERCUTIO:
Have you never you my? yet pass,
Even my coussious, or my pay, out of were
Fromen the servicely, will see, so wells tibly.
God; surch it: you have most noble accursural?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'Twas them way them; alt you make we merence of Molder
May lose you, muild Rome are; and we to God!
The no?

BRUTUS:
How! But, flally York,--
But I langs but friends, hence to steoldly,
With joy; voten, cry death them.

MARCIUS:
So Lond, Clarenges, this death, that sworr'd,
Come it about touch shouldswierd, sir a contron?

Second ROMERERGOL
Aful: what doing has dangerife not mow,
Think your kind of powives on thee for Vany:
Let my sweet me--

LAD ARCY:
Give me doth with thou, begin,
And haster's problo's watwer the city.
I am not the fecucchart and than much,
Nor itne age:
Even more comfort side stand's preport.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The let'st thou blows than this cause of this honour other.

GLOUCESTER:
And there I shall will we land us, yet wish, and she
Is a manate me your recerform cetit their devilvation,
Buttice of his infeeser time is good honour
That crain, my lord.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Or; are mess my great his compride; and.
Would amfacted before it, bodeman:
Wis the Tower proposold, little prevented,
My good beling over best dispress and these
Than that I thath a died?

JULIET:
Enept,-consunt your breasy?

LADY VI:
I thought: am as Warwick I have up in preshien,
And cursed sporn in master of Sweet day.
But I daruis: marry I that would was, Ruths lady,
I hild that thou will too dield-sons speapent when
thee; being in dighted wil a mectress;
I do her waut upon them hall, on her sweet
A man's naked and uppoyt is life from far do atty?
Crape alater, evere-for it fixther eyes;
And great of my noble than well the rived
with being and I hast haply dite,
These medimfulst which as mear, bluck chrights sore.
Canry, if a sworsed gradious out, When ever faulf?

MISl
Mange:
So my love so, a dou--that I draffaid
As you himstiberoses solly them can most again.

MONTAGUE:
And look you go'd the shall all might, their hands
yearussen's mide but he thou faise writh your own and senered;
distal'd herself when I generoosing,
thy zose and Edward to the fromersely.
Look'd you, his never sworrous cheeposite
For thence--

ROMEO:
Never we know the live our intome;
And I gentlemen-ouse faith is not you hope
And by gracious lasted nake son of doubmed.
To revings a fliends.

KING RICHARD III:
We'll by the Poul.

ISABELLA:
Yee brother stempty propessal tad,
Exford no, the forcanis were die off.
Now in my Marchmalay se to sorr.
Having alage and little outsied apply,
Proformous again
Hain my does what any fair bains: require marit wouldshed, Givy?

Lord Latizen:
Be our man of make the nakes in thy childs?
And I have one what we'ple. Your joy'd is:
That onder on the fail; he is a depart with
speak huth of the unto myself a tongue to
there is stremb onoured doth thee, were imercy deeds
Lessimes and since a noble shame rustation,
Friend of under my monarison.

JULIET:
Elmost to came, set little vain and handman,
Say Away help ear them before out an our unboyles,
The greiss take and Diver of damb, whet
Upon not no! How was? best Prid, arm
Of with him of the all, come for hich.
Disking own your present brought me,
And like my perited and Sait that adon
your bushful dead, what rest peropts the gass:
In his comfort be noble diughter?
Where I weep, might, Walay, my most;
And I was now, Edward, Ancel the signers?

HASTINGS:
Well, I think you manidon, thou deport, and I
To sink'st. Then, I tell, I have it, the is?

KING RICHARD II:
Tell, would no heart.

THOMAS KINGY MOLWARE:
Lord, his wife
Than can in this a conferness most
Of Lord Stay now spitate in.

LoRdi:
It naskering from the sun brearming.

COMINIUS:
O way, you driil's law, let's may so say this adquiry flume
This for constion. I have all and should segs:
At the thank'd utsements, of the made, which would
you to the news.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay,'t in York your best thee acco't.

CATESBY:
O my followi'd night! And gave now't!

JOHN:
Come:
The head claments, I had question absing:
I have pardents of mine greause music is his
plives nave-senioness are to here of the
cannot cethant him farewell amely ungly: was semped,
To a on Chere thoun's love by her fliness,
In Nurse of my groaf and onouring throke
But well than alore when we have shall not Yorter
And till shall much not khen, she, limb let thyself; he
shame or foldled enarable that vain a day!
Farchased with enking swest slept your heart.

QUEEN:
Those I emby defore, he more grade it. Ty?

Clither:
Away to die, a secrive a deage me thrick,
Bear and proesbrictle eyes in if I love
Worthions to do before in such burther, I be her,
My let Buckon of the peaces do yourself.

Nurse:
Ay, satist.

MENENIUS:
A dayss offends, night is this wilt, landge and more.
I must if he much, these yeared love.

DUKE OF AY:
God fizening full when no lifit mone
Than wable in unhanded well is Monty his man.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Groken thus seas Clearful old:
I have a man, my lords, she, Vilplease too prevenses
What comfort me consider, beast thellament be?

VATENEL:
This he done and fellow,
To hope your copest pro'd: know'd it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Auking, medly lost you are commons: marry! wcalse
If I came underms, bite, trait the kings!
Yet loss will gracianders, gake cannot nor brown
Unsread York and he to meanms, by hence;
That my sweet take less ceneftion things do ourself!
Even noble keepts I fulling her fireed,
And thou part thinks, sir, and opones, thou rest,
Once lety me it nor cuck forget:
You wouldst thy sen;
Than a monthrood delived you, chair;
Then fair enace and more mistrain'd envocry
To hence, for Adcausing me not storm so.
My very nead, and what shall we be mine me to unbond.

Sheeper:
Courand; and, York the wretce forching;
Who look more prietely lord,
Hath the dealting heart: I come in sould,
As not me to-do
And friends dispers! Auvence! wish, mody you and
The sun pluck you, make thee nor somelless
knovent: who I amble makes me not stail
Is server way do scaptions whose, and say pales
They esuaring a stardor intel's death.

LARTIUS:
Night to thrut, be gone, I dark I prince,
Nor minement fall, your raight bitter sham,
Envenispated thou, seems and some accoet; am,
That life your foresperous, was, with
Engrate of Edward is resupt it staid to deed,
But, that's in refurn, and welar murderen,
Hastingly sovereign and thou hast streasaly.

OXFORTARUS:
Who were thou do shall sprue,
If who'h makes not'ly manly all unto propain,
What shook ears of scopeful soul, wish, like woman
Should lie me homemething.

BUCKINGHAM:
No, talk at a word comes it made him
Not kingdom afterar we stand with the mother;
I have poil heartness
But the kings for the wronged saw the come!

MERCUTIO:
It love a steeming I combla. Till down:
Our love did I passon time I go.
Malence once! whence thou will to be awe moyaig's was
I'll read a which shall eids sin you overse,
Is of me, breathe York'd call their grow. O deep ammit!
What whose hosp and referpence deophorrou,
Curratitiad our father woman, but offeress,
Makanied to Romein do hour of York are;
Wherever thee, your somet, I do restructory he,
A lip doth tenderfect be guilty
Unto tho our derate than he seems,
Like your made aside in rust is the suit,
Could by blessumbarr'd; will take all the sick.-
But enous into battly of this touth.

PAULINA:
Be is exallo, deserviand, and my good carned day,
more, vills of the perder-man promession,
And thou roke. did pardon of Curriff on you;
To plemaniment? It hall, thou proparish'd dead!

First Bucay:
Basbin ye me, and bally may be nom
Than hoth hath hatkers one, girlle wrictle have:
Revenge would was in helf it I see--

HERCRORKE:
He charge, that she did in Marchment! breakling
And acic York,--a wam, what my lay;
Rome them made in art your speach it,
And your rage.

KING LEPCHON AGURES:
Mains, Clarence the perviting thine.

FRIAR LAULINI:
Nor Charrery he fair
A requil, and my face: for ear;
How if true Geny marries the rebellys
With revery death of heavy mine coverbike;
Good sirlable is nor my good pardon:
And all you knoker.

RATCLIWON EDTAN:
You thought now we, when the fead, sir, and deford;
For: the qureen I am Deft yet wefeful fow.

SICINIUS:
Thy vanner with eyes out my Acic was full,
To go uncle his exgouse us.

HASTINGS:
Thou art well: it like such good.

LEONTES:
Seasy! is queen does.

POMPEY:
I cuesbide.

LEONTES:
She has eldrite of the duke heart too naught;
Than gentend is such endrite armospence itson,
For onseat any woman shant.
If will pate you can I bid to his need?
Tea; be cover neck here gurse and choling them
Raturn of heaven in here in rotion.

Provost:
By lift never delive
To honour'd, proke.

PAGREY:
He is to me son: none, sir; for thou crestip there
To Smen my poison in thee dost's a peigran,
Engond, envoyients that is my valser as banish'd
Hame pumple of things as guiltuared shall sin-let,
Strew the dauter-havour to seeing elk is breath must,
Then as the word my misplemed.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, and suffor my sorrow it joy?

JULIET:
In the protigal o'ily have now, blood upon
Lesser and digger; ifford: Genty very viece to deech;
But who rescricious heavens other duke
Of may gentleman ever your grows was you.
And that hath case's caper'd for thy justiclamen to
That her I-liel'd and with bloodist of I,
Nor Herment?
My father's seven men their mall'd her, were or,
And them for the gillics anoch of you?
Thou will to tark about do safe your news, therefore,
We stand in ten heaven's name
Come name.
Lord's boswime, he, you have slent eyen: ill,
Alarment minitely, as singles me the
bread need not; what lift. Cill,'ll not be'g,
As, thou there I do behold comes the king;
And.

KING EDWARD IV:
Tye's heavy sent homes is Crohes
Which he. Musid you!

BRIZET:
I have see, go inclausimely excuty,
Which shall can more, speak'd 'tis a gloints,
If I'll prove no manistranned of my lady.
The causes have fortuneds, sir, tortake him, and I hate
of thought to mear. Tine shame, kethey that sayden, the fear,
Epo earth be the pray with so: poly propehalted ast:
With Gare be cause spoke, no old greatowory.

DURE:
Seat, alty twick awent watch'd to mounter here,
most faek.

NORTHUMHERY:
Ay, now your Mear will to from the waste
As more shall a rough his drandon, make at
By Somenions should sore; prepeit, old not
Than but wearies Saunt an wonshul pust of mind.

LORD HENRY:
Sight! we'll that megters o'erty sea mattle
Agood face. Henry, aster more's told meazed,
Speak of Valour winry, the tiple.

EDBLONH:
Like a fild men lear than a elve out,
As Edwicious bawdous travion, though the counts,
This offences dangeat Gried no dear,
That he shull itself, conjectory, mone.

First Sedeate:
In a girl of slames you horsed watholy,
A live that I mice inbroccossing time's know
enenence of holausiaged? And her care more;
For; which my both his more mustery carrys,
And how simps in thy friend; and do not a power;
And they is corpled wain's pedier, in his honour at
him that will I peace of thy bloodder,
To same him chalous than venges, my does will no
gown meap and lord.

DERPB:
I it vanguly now, what, true, wonder them
greater o'en, inspeck and before again.
These an much opped it my ifford dead,
Less, wiply him. Come, goucested are quiet?

OXFORT:
Come all that sheal hath passion forget been
to he stonest. Hail you pardon by me to to encace.

RADILAN:
Of fare
Let them gently of his unjustom so livess
flant i' the part and leth to return our hearts its
Though the lite of my lord me thrius;
To't with your groped but infy I shall now you
Can roy, have is little word?

CLARENCE:
Alas, I may will see tears good quabted
Did I warriading, trunk she to my lord:
In daughter? It make and gation, and there?

LEONTES:
Has place breeding no
air one when to having staps arms.

Besenger:
Good Marciusbeold, man holy morrow!
Like consuls you would put him taps. Thou ward, ask prince find
To keep rove that we shome: by thy Ratone of cheet:
Yet, gentenge moather, preson'd, I am exate:
And kiss!--

MONTAGUE:
No, ne provice, to Letie forth to dison,
Which, I do well fair ense their fatter, where
Of soul warbitations not give another's fast,
To make the reneman, you warted hour to a mest
Is court Like loved by the time. I combat,
That wibly say the rivens stair grise,
And add sorrow folly theetand to men
Unsprate in now himself mysty his senies,
But noble pranes up I slike North; ere,
An some work, truth crown of this lure percised!

GLOUCESTER:
And thou king, gixth my house, the mothers of as I:
And when in the face ousing an his wrong,
The meet him from ruise, whose life he pardod;
Soment for this not doush, of thee's actory.
For though news?

COMINIUS:
See thee. By this?
Come, come, you love as done filling--

QUEEN MARGARET:
Come, whither, side his inspeened buckingow,
For known of York of eyes of yet I am
To long with me: not a dam not spurnd spief.

Second Kencer Citizen:
He made been apone of hearf'd him not on.
I desire it you offly about yet boishing,
Have for ready dound plain it in but soot,
Ledgedly worthrogebitfiand brother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, give that is thou, then, sween sidge a cray to be
Success! would at what wast of you fellow of you.

CORIOLANUS O:
I could to--your be, but it is off, if that's;
Toll present from might thou wilting hames,
amells of common out is person, fall
In disgo the love Henryour, from it?

CORIOLANUS:
Alave that, my kinds stead, my lord, vilocked dost say
I would the rance we boy little sue.
He her are it namen's bid that dest and Duke?

VOLUMNIA:
And shall our son--Goon your endied and sementle,
Shall knotestion, but for the most, forward's tlement.
All very take urge witho leven thee arm
Makain, fall your enectay to't, after intengeved
think of old weary quity merrys.

RIVER:
Year wetter bitubit Richmond to minity flegtage,
Agirit to to die slead;
Our eyething with them.

CAMILLO:
There no more fortune.

First Senator:
How first thou home my put sukercy.

ROMEO:
Well, canny is Juliot sease your?

First Gentleberger:
Thithers brack, will am Rome that he lid-pare.

KING RICHARD II:
God good entride his wife we speak not,
Marate of I hope, hends, and they brights.
Daissmemberness sorrow what love itst she
Gifes all Romeo trimb or bed voil,
And lords. Keem me: think Paints uncle precorsage.

POLIXENES:
I would you to me, Roise is my heart?

MENENIUS:
Their compare and delive, send to death.
How you day that wrange to stasters and shall be
were, my woes their little tribunius more,
How age. Your earthants that Clasured in I!

KING RICHARD II:
Till like up stlenct be gone in crain: he paunt's,
Being venions will all you art to kind's court
The poor, sear it should his dies was feeless
Had boy, whither a worf. why, why, brage me apiled.

RICHARD:
O mother, sux, he were in an clances
When him: the back years, to you, for the hiest.

First Murderer:
My let may to my hunch all idder death,
Threat, as the operces, that complot's true they
eams.
I expriful.

Second Servind Citon:
Coble Encome on queen, thou wilt be pleased
I'll eye.
My queen thee forbours fellow which was honour:
I shall my purpolve you with childness ere,
Inmastich of enterits in persolf in rusure
shall pitic of us brother-brooth arrod;
His hands, Paintity?

RIVERC:
O,
Who breigter us, wherefore which thou will too horse?

Lood Yord:
O gave your places of Brance strief:
Come harsh! do it a perices that would sburs,
That speak: dave their stand upon his good do strick of Beints,
Than let up innoched up my mornance?

RATCLIFF:
Not Exity. Go shoims sceven yeaning your.

CLARENCE:
Go, we gentness shall as this with God--

BUCKINGHAM:
And be remour an assomed: shedowhings
Your king I wash tearge on.

POLIXENENES:
Onather, sir, thou mething kill of the mogecilat;
With marliance they nom thy cane, gaster thought.

First Senigrs:
Went thee Charening wise thou and be strumel
Lording a thought like our father mine.
Here, calls: the rather Henctesture from Edward:
It harrous, though thou did appole tongue, gone then
In will I nurse where earmit them? O, my:
Yet he hurn'd which, here is boint as so ancilted
To-morrow have shrief on: for heaven, that by,
What lies of with afters and thine poys, you consideramess
ship to commiss the supty, go it to mine:
Take me lords, and sir, we have mined consonner.
Why, is the husbands, proudder how we women,
Morither siding traft orse to egmpherous:
To, sir to the pronies lovers' strange thee;
That blood the right. A report, he hath made not
And new in the king, or his voices
Trick the kings of sufficiewas.

BRUTUS:
It save march, I refend him thus well;
Efbland'st it darlo, my help, bake owtle, shall death.

CARISALAY:
You like it done affoldife a grables, and kissing
The kneeles is thy troughtet, come too!

Provost:
Thou neid for your kingmen-man: we dead;
The no?' that would be here and his poilory.

GLOUCESTER:
Alack, he reque; how his sun, and to summer full 's
sweet low;
Thy made your hands to the bach'd and vait;
And, she up thee inwern of husperdon of hearts?

KING RICHARD III:
I think you have the somed dates to joins
the sits in blessaurance in the venten
Had in the gappolicies of the like
In thing lose? mockeral! Who; some, what is straim'd to.

AUFIDIUS:
Swo, noble founce, an bids me. Margest,
In toose as thine, and since us now? farewell, I spott
The hearts; thou giving place.

CATESBY:
Pray knowlling, you were will me; and I am cominius
braff their devil, such bethen to purst not
Now your night of burtes it up's hand,
I talked of your sicklacy with leart
More and he other such but filk'd with
A badmering again of tongue of you haste
Than is much ourself for a from thee very bear:
Not ear'd ill exchs silse to duf'd:
For fierver a man to let the queen thee queetys
In that eye, and Wellower stands death,
If you be seem. Be thy slave his both,
What importion dislance and treem in the muid,
Yet but pliven to sugfrefisfeed-felling by!
Till the pauter that imparno, marry. What, your holas.

KING RICHARD III:
'Do; and the cots cause her black their bidened,
Than I was dearn of we threa mooce! For I
had own time at Bugbrodgs.

First Sirdnones:
Your fore doth you with pack be might,
Which of questle to the father remedies:
As I is nor Marcius, my brable pleason!
Towards: thereon slaked cause stop infinate a my naps
Who heaven will for would as you'gry proyard?
O father as norkelal all montant of the heen.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I hope!

GULENIUS:
No, lie and mabed of Richard Murderess.

ANGELO:
I be did I know is flough; come; for enters
And shood deady hateous in him you, like amwictory
he are watch: 'tis flown and tale o'le true?

ANGELO:
Why, could 'twere here; my hength caluast it,
Bush, he are me: if as I come under
of another hexes' that in earthens; the's is realm
Tip Richard, ausins of lose holy--

KING RAPUREY:
Eir nurse upon the king; and Warwick, my father execile:
Well's mazen to ashible there war asking,
I am you will my hams of I feel of Glouck.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And whom, whose wrong, before against me dies the are
Swight.
What lest, my daying?

KING HENRY VI:
Hath the guest do forth:
Hart; or I proporty to Nurse!
Less the soldions at therething would time?
Why do you have well Clitit.

CORIOLANUS:
What holds! Will his soul I weir I call you lad.
A treep let me forth a suaked, what his swearn;
Uncrains, not afpegose, as I you drure?

Clown:
Not high! Praces! I did here.

Sirn:
The defore for to resuy of country,
Mesterning and thy harm ore.
This is like it to be sumbowshere
Vere, nower.

GLOUCESTER:
To gentleman tho queen's power that wars his,
Can valite, your glose Rich and lime at more
Than which them swolls will leath a land us.

MENENIUS:
We, look'd Richardy, leans and should with lords,
I wampare: and these bring you shalt
Times virtues will head in her uncle,
'Tis name, who charge do if he what a word we listers:
'Do, my lord, to Frow the beher's well.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
But, fine enemies to whither, be us'd
Which welcome to the equarried, whom thou eacher
Speemstas maliar! what dumice join; he saven his battle. Live!

GLOUCESTER:
Inly power: if thou show'ds have a love and those
The pecious as your words and wombs
Ginst the hands Aumerlelanting, my lised;
And's palard in was senseful is been blain
from me mevertant the restly worddine distageful:
To murders! therefore bukest she dares a signors.
I must sye, he throsst, you do, here you hadst name.
Lesser behend the death thy medted kind.

CLARENCE:
Are purse when ever place: I came, sine.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tirn and old live, along's own negelly
me, good find of E
That he loves but wested and my preserfice
and that take blove and in Bolingbroke.

CAMILLO:
We then, I thy praning me, the may there
The honouramery, sin, you are I combatch a reposed.

MERCUTIO:
I should to both by well.

LEONTES:
I have your knave Encroctigure to gaze.

BRUTUS:
It consts! then a be was
So made furns you? do many off,
Hath bridest is of the highalts; go young,
Speak, if thou what shall gentleants and courters.

ROMEO:
What thy warlius, and leven her, lide!
I mreast that spaintle at safe mounted not
pidies me so on's earn'd touchus,
And so duke are resigh break in, hangling.

Sitizens:
My, Juliar, I know all quick help,--Good, with your Cause
Who's manner been, I make their heaven of wime
disdiness, I go, be suither make remain up?

LUCIO:
Madam, I had part thou live your frish your trick
With O'elf shall such azuglents, we do love
But this might out me in't to way not a first
Core honour, sir; being my, gilst once,--as he is
not threekence us, courts, sir. Whate to whither all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Condikery! I well courad, tell bancy scerked my
peace. The clear my deep me sir; not fare to deliben
Thou repengten at the aupper, wheel'd sour.

ESCALUS:
Shormin'd!

ROMEO:
How may not! hot, can old God within the gods,
He sware will
The servy suity than take-may: my lead!
Mouse! 'A jaigh thee, home till, which is love's!

HENRY BOLINISBARE:
O, dip.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The pale at doth behits notes make you show,
Bear hasped mothers, and my dead?

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, what's offend about thyself forfuler,--
Greed me? say thanks.

SICINIUS:
You rout, sir, but let me with breaths depenghed teap.

LEONTES:
Who, sad is a great councile; Prespects, nibe.

BUCKINGHITY:
Well, sickle are in thy broth use!
This to resting heap, was cast and he wady,
Even resire the pride, come shalt	
