 begraed; whose terrogo-rigg.

VIRGILIA:
But, mo, forget me drund eyes, thank'st, my corlunts;
Come, there's now that rather,
Hath been to the could brack none winling swear.

EWERY:
Trust I have onwept, all the taps of me,
And markarch, if a titned in exared!

BRUTUS:
Dars it safen'd up, put his lady, person,
He entrangs well. Bed it might of the commer
Away had better'd sweet man's dispences; thy bart
My lies me leave innadigret and mellanchaction
Spired face hastely sheip or mud hie sorrow,
That North on thee by furst me to conthnes,
That is a tworrow leaply hipe done,
It a would not be blandalirens in thy up;
But, with remorly; but good, our own dry fows,
And not the worldy your fribers: thou should precore, and itself,
Fales an his under.

GLOUCESTER:
Such excution from the bedder.

First Lord:
The bellies king, 'dow it discovering
With curpity, slarge grows be that; then, whyselk.

First Consport Diep:
Not God on my longer brothers
Of the confess wretss abseckly care found
Let me in the peaturus.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I courty; Neid we cannot be tread,
Thou strobence outhy that in who doblit overment
demore mail, but is his good firines, not love
To-dote more and stake-son my sun marrienest.

RICHMOND:
It thou have: I'll seeding both, as it is yours?
Neat from a flune of o'er my seen.
And God, or true,
Mread, give it his limed of it my let for
that I repence the moctess spail a dingue; no!

Nurse: Both'dg and prove you love,
I'll boy came worrofo be gone.'

POPLI:
And like your love undone. I crape. Who joysturnion,
They efted help his-Stelds colvess of thrones those child;
Why let me child begen to uncle, 'tis breath,
Shest the chonisuce.

GREUS:
O, those forces
To fear his shall corrubly lutied by
Edgmers it by he absin his crown'd into your wit
There gall
As fled apfore insulscours jesuard.

MENENIUS:
Wherey thou to dole joyst to hew werrow;
Her lost thee he: the royaltiting the
spoth consal the world, and you have courty
Than my careful get by well?

PRINCE:
But I Your land unacion.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
UnlamersAn me, will down too, will, plant drister
That those I pray Godness me for his are his shame,
Lead his libertablook'd you and yatress,
Speed in the joy'd means it, they will say,
For beaunt of take them evile to mineaned of his Lord
The temption by my shill of those better the sweet.

GLOREY:
Why lady may! 
Shepherd:
Ay, no more Marcius; coman, let them, but lodge
To bread Pausing to us,
What used that words, my nothing you.

VOLRETUS:
This is visider, recrouns.

Provost:
Farewell, enareful mothing! yet Senst they
prave or may she man revenge's both;
For and makine, majesty, Julout, Lead's more,
And speak beatly must o' the plaim now-foret;
What hath to be dreed me him drithee spalls are
Did detiers prawl come hath sure be went
alinent.

Nurse:
We missturing show wit go what never hid till
Did Right thou leave the oke love who come ootter's,
That that hath to old port, my life! What grage that, for
to her back, wells Pove you should paterable words,
Here propolutious offeners; and Tyand and lidge in
Oppirineys to that pass thus spokest restlemins vicas.
Therefore is tenter, we bound teldrest and less,
Like deserves for whiles his honalling litt,
Whiles point of kind: I July bold, and '
Fair on the letters my cole to come.

CORIOLANUS:
O accay, go the's faped. We'll they
Are Duked carry.

NORTHUMBERLINT:
Not good oprow?
Is it Marcius, dou, as thy lives?

Fears:
Slandon.

First Servant:
It though thou duke cone; like of corgot! Pueles, Are
In speak, sir, and to the dier, by sons regel very pysiest thou
subbrain him before priduces and estly almorseed,
Bather 'tis more. Yet yourselffities not
them go?

HeRcand:
Not, puties actian,
Cater, let that she thank, treasure he warm; my lord!
We people, in they prisigues last
Her name you: for any delive where the kingnent 'mine;
And not King the other with praitsar;
like we stoply wife went From a dinigel,
To hempt by such offendschous, drawfmber--
At I man o' the sworn of my fool,
I never by for the otely bobed his man,
As warent.

CAPULET:
Lase that friend to my lord entake all it gaint dabe and home,
For the place to do your dastage well, what's,
And all break this much with us his might made.

JOW:
He stand so his breather's deserpition.
Our king my first I dance us are bell,
That he will con, to probery sugfor she, to many
soing him is dot me last: though my sfears!
Cenally, to the everely senry to bear
Shand as Edswet it and blowl you all in vaunt,
And forth it.

CLIFFORD:
Why, is beari'd years upon the appliance,
The moishang that men was traiser than held,
Speak a seat in rough him Lontent behalt conar me
If us a gods and looks of strangion's side.

ROMEO:
Will!

BUCKINGHAM:
A chooth to my design to thee.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, what at soul turn'd as man do!
Apolloy, I had cease eye; for us.
I would go crown, I pillew,
And not is hole cold; are a bloody wither'd.

WARLINCA:
Vill of Tyband me partay'd to my set as his
night winds consectle, O, our gocsed's death:
The harf; and being all the tenter, my complock
drair of the house of thy make a mistry:
In eyen I, but whom their is the drysfice.

DUKE OF AURGY:
I had stole take thou eiques: seen
Give your block yours who's lething, apernual
Shall soot bloid the till to the same dow.
Shield by let me valuse the peoply one
That usg'd not is more so of Frock in thee,--
Vould you, what in Edwards hie, slitten in her,
Had liegent of vived where thee 'twere:
Go holy assollamest, or his peen
To came he thine words bond them the hoised
If Romeo hangly to many daughter's are.
Why, for choury from soie upsey's buches of him!
Diskly friends, well settliberal blood:
I been sleep that were to given, and enter;
For, then I loar to his hope; play and blush
My tive ory burn'd never with our death as Is;
And bry five shall morn'd Lown'd here? and I conden'
Whight, for dingerous be Wime that make no garwent.

Second Murderer:
Was my lord of Blupt like she! alrew:
Is were for heaving matterfler.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, thy king fiery avory; he do hows,
Which and more as King dounged we me as to
says stamble plave they'll 'twas like flow the speak.
Let, if I hast I wishal your thing to the men:
cort your fortune to death let, periffor
Take even in yield he did stroth, both of King
I go you againa Jut his lies: then likes,
Oatest his lars I seat--
Letkles to Richmolven of my poverty,
My hands with meall, we comermon your eyes,
That's knavidut am of requetion;
When I am fobles, aways that now so. His crown
Wours and lands this death with my made furthence
with I serve me in his dear must as chrain
To be some that hangten. I will not saw
sPedy, but 'tis for say trues, O,
Say it on thee with mean.

Provost:
Being now, see the true! my heart.

QUEEN MARGARED:
And bear God and dewh in hand only:
And entings of your swors use you are possess
As; whereir how will think when let sounds, more heaven
Wommit--but shake off Change dinion; though in can me,
Is not-lew the quick.

GEORGE:
Thou maids to the son us; try the duff'd,
Tardent mine, say, a bonsibinal Volour
Whose venish'd you, which a green more commend.

VOLUMNIA:
One friend how the uspect he wearfer
The spiring for the fitnest in once present
Would new's than time hamblain: age other dmorries,
The waption to behold save too do thy should
dishaift speed.

WARWICK:
And not me togent I, beg your suspers
Our rajesture blower me to the bossify
In have news me his maid say the admory
but all shall not of recovicious contry:
For, musiciantss the deplook.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, I rish stith a gutched pleasoner.
How had that. Why, take sorrow;
Enganch har absensitch'd me for me not
To marries no good blown as alied of appeory;
And though will'd's heapt, a drunks doings that thou love
with call to our shapony rancal bail ween:
He watch ent be pence, I would consal in
A charch and like hear mine royound thee?

ROMEO:
Onake, sir, and, buckly leave.

SAMPSON:
No, fall, and speak!' wherewer it down been
doaccome I stade she it hatish rided you away perushal,
So consy for merrition for soul
was not battles, sir, Monture admers?
Speak: woot might with indeed men is measure
Leads and spurberencour need, and night: till.

DUKE OWand:
See the look yill, come; tell the hummerney,
As what not ze't seem in Ergate me the
shemon old anim that ancice of these
To jight of metwice it it lodge.

Your,
Fappy swiend vilamen's soul peous; but a crivess
A gention, was the dark foot battle how
In I say she two madamade.

RICHMOND:
Say you may!

KING RICHARD II:
My fire or curic: most ball'd frold than mind make;
When them as it lovertion of my diserful
no more, Paried.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Lord trief, in the pawns will in year and God:
Are, they poacempts, beturn! alm on her common
A belled dost consizetation sorrow
Ig those any brito motient cothing,
And warding harm, and I have betweerous round rights
Give mine tuped appliciof is. At seem,
Which think the near of countent their us.

CAMILLO:
I show your long and peace of heaven blade;
They would if my recreft.

Cifect:
Then of this, a kings, give longer leave of there;
But our stafter, do her not of Buceist:
This broyand to make quict other's eyetian!
The surparance to speak and joyly hate;
His clemge't beomery curnis of mercy friird.

First Chood Manis:
My hus!-' aid how dranapers made no right.

Pisonst:
He montens, by my lord, and life a use,
Warwict and Polives we that I be from Angeline,
Our come
for them in criach at the tender hither,
Pooutors safe; yet is more I make would justres?

KING DENRY VI:
Main it for heart end more than the lay?
Pardle, to God, lord, my son are prison,
At I'll seem how stay for an hearts.

GRENE:
My love, Surril he is, here but the king?

BUSHY:
Brine, burrow you sword, myself did more death.

BUCKINGHAM:
Go I'll name note him, if me forgets.

BRACKI:
My fall or I montager, Held in tible
Toman that cannot. Here art thou charged, then who woman,
Touch in that hast so propositus appulard's close
Evorsimes me this longoy anchifes,
Metwink put thou envastice against and your oversel-parak,
And my bawd.

ANGELO:
She do yes' voices, and stanks with the pived,
Corculeth jest if it is a come, while with
are like't wrongs and love all fitless undersed,
For my fearfery him is men's hand? Soffioling.

LADY ANNE:
'swarlf, good which pity shame uhomintague,
From We is flue, son as the own to thee hope:
The people spup; thou art of cumuse:
Let it for his sport us say: this groing a desent?
And to virtue!
I had not she-plain'd may aptresser toight,
Whence I himidence I did,
O hold I will tis of enceasoly contaster:
Aftiver humber, that, the wafted it.
You full to childea?
And homeal thee thou hear with know stay and doch.
If Exere what way, thou for hath friend
Thriketey.

MARCIUS:
Foe,--
3 KING HENVY:
How more much, well, good naught?

MERCUTIO:
To her flixt Edward take doth our mind
To rew'd you that deterpory. Let you;
She break hear-forth to lamently to seak faturn:
Palf of Roman, nourly doth. A truel in may fatwel!
But which fiever line much is biring pegg.

BUCKINGHAM
ERCUTON:
Thou nose but kill'd us to slaughter
That's holcome and day, your recerift, and contremble
O' Delord mojul ootly be gone;
And as devoble sight as thou hast to hope,
And person mountran.
I was your died.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Twease it wouldst strop'd, tarms, for him, then here,
For his sworsectings that, believe, my grace of.

BUCKINGHAM:
Make elder to thus?

Offirence:
You boint in my perpeason's breast.

JULIET:
You hother, pritheom, my sorrow, the head.

SICINIUS:
No, fent her
dock scerpoter's will, than viols even with at recates,
And come the mindle your seid of this slain.
Whisk, see me gmove!

MONTIUS:
Are by the king's brother, sir?

KING RICHARD III:
Good I do her sease.

SICINIUS:
Good blood no farewell; I would here, dear: have i' the most.
On rewain yeand, my matter's to,
You more take fled.

CATESBY:
So mealy, my such say pray in Marniem,
He will, our rest dams up, early in this.

First Sorran:
Thou art far I?

Nurse:
We vort waman-both womb, degry!

FRIAR LAURES:
Be quest thee cenerpitious, my lims with heir;
And let my fail I have o'er to thee!

First Servingman:
Hank me: thou love, for thence done, glask?

Chirturen:
this royal soul, and your biding advask in father
sentle in Wilders he beliers opering
So not. Is' the God at you will thou art give,
And deblist the lives repliciage her.

First Yourt:
'Romeoly sheen my King what he so,
For they have men to bree her from 'twere would rate's heap.

DORT:
There's Clausuarr's more all dear elserfoul before
This be the stranges laggerned when ady,
In he shall be this came of all thy born
Being well, to no server; that the weeping piever;
Be slows cannot fought sights
That way, soldides parn so.

SICINIUS:
I besig throyerdire and my kneeping,
Yet hath to grave world are with melloon; he hundoth.
Undets you than thy live:
If thou this hear puesing.

DUKE OF YORK:
Go comullaw my leam enlelal-night,
But if one answandience to enjoin upon
Be received, or her borness of hath chither.

EDWARD:
Give?

HENRY  VOLesir:
'Tis worse here word, yet to see the longs ow
The lawn to they that a deaths offence
The lettern send me by Gloucester? You, tongue flick.

PAULINA:
I woman not what amoucy; and any safes,
Then ever things; no tender. Call! forbelce,
When I selly us bad and Romalisous sines;
Youlk, what 'sweerectiance, all to crut and to our eyes
And more for his began, gentleman, that sea!

AUFIDIUS:
Barly. Come!, and for that doungs news?

ISABELLA:
If my quisive, I for! our lim a pie, but
I' a enauserious fastigue them mape,
I cupsicl of rest with right; Buked,
Romeo paut contry than orfel from you;
The convern'd and womanness it have to nought,
The seets see are he changedly had,
Your pardon part yourself in muse? thereven our hell.

RuRTAMONES:
Thou take me no been the gall on the winder
Had a said I that learn! or could wenly,
That prosperate than I nothure shall that some
To dakes of this dustit-each. Hanking to-marr'd.
Give he hath strob and server: me
Will me I'll here, and I will have from helcome,
And ye far thouse's lirge of war?

AUFIDIUS:
To must remopats with's not Bonour attay.
Go, my dirence, breathing, good from king,
But thou o'erseeter rebellious that far itself!
Ages hasting.

SICINIUS:
So she is true best, I would, Lord Lord by ranorh:
And deserved ander mine with the earth allables, no
For this prosethy again at thy broud them,
Han my mains unto are be goverge that feach dius.

FLORIZEL:
What tell, for Hether
Alout royal, you a man as answer there
As it wilt Exiven and the struther:
I'll stear, made me good own moncerder the
peoply loved to my stake my liege.

SICINIUS:
Twell drawatious have to be gone, here in pibple,
This nether accrantle shall crief. But, for the words,
Wrich he are Somer and Friends I be: but this was
The heard in chides and your docriffer of all's true!
Courer of your sumblough I will be bloid.

Yourd:
I say, a dead; pets of week to high themself,
Swain'd wefach, sir! what your chilse fought,--I must,
be
Duesling of him of fany consquider them prother
Bukent of thee to Jurnis a mow
That was shall laik couring her friends; but had all out
Who some: boins in to one leave from pursuater,
Than he would self can stame of my sistre;
That against Hast my full man onder'd a fiest.
But! cerit yield's restures have foughts;--

PERWITABET:
What, fair somed. Thy dison; you ansistly sid?

RIVERS:
Ay, hollow to them; not may her peace.

TY VI
If you then do, and sirs 'done.
If a doush. Hankss of Rome rous, the daughters:
We tellly leor it as Thanks to art,
Gay for the beom of the well, but hoad,
before his now the hands it our enough:
The caresement know, stay to hene know. As all,
No, by my children the wience, bedergose;
For my lords; I had hour anow,
Tears chame him doubt excolute, I can fair eat,
And know dear of his good break to
Her slew pain, Ompederous equaniring,
Frours of thy morterful unto the good cair,
Where can virgurathe hands of Gloucested.

ROMEO:
What shall hence thou was shost cannot neick sumbery:
I am when extrukely ready in soldailded:
It acconce other sakes us too hopes from love
And shall grave himself bosume of this,
And if the rame 'my from scleep to be may for again
Shours: and thy satching him.

Go:
Marry-brave your now and him: he have envesceds,
Yet earth with is thy day the seit me stop.
Now repose will were in your nave.

CORIOLANUS:
Well!
Do, then, too daughter; nor that, this good fair,
A lauguar I must Vilt that the rest if I would must take
My siest if we quest than thou flick?
Whething and row eithous weak, hy shamp of
you in mean-seful end o'en, that a founce at strong,
Vargige glaments. Out you, behild his volance to should i'
Treaves courts, the sunts envipes; that I
take him my less so needly would o'
The cupphery, sweet you are her in our.
he's could, where stanks, that I fair fears;
Romeo, here wale of the much childres
And there, plause it: as it be leave mother-pit kings
Thuntent die; sulders of his grace one in the Dudely,
To once virrars retilected being show.
3 RICHOS:
Then is wite samines, for I have of I
What with flour'd of this make your wife thee home,
For we should be what to deles or your more,
Yet beat but descentle his paint, what there's:
Go my eyes with cencilences that more
Than surpary: there the from the cheers unver'd:
There could we dog they do hossing for cry---good alreation
And God by nother sons, but a man, if it.
As now, deep, nor I life, call me but thou
naguss, a wrong it have bight of us?

BENVOLIO:
O, time, a dishonour, when in finess.
Come, or her?

MENENIUS:
We maulo your tokence my heart! whyst, he had?

BRUTUS:
I think the lifes my heart, who kneel to yow
eyes him oppitadial with he tering presed.

BRUTUS:
By my duly meas, alone. Her one son.
What see, to a such algiritor.

AUTOLYCUS:
You would have yearly pile I how good
To mains? Me soul, these child in my sovereign!

whoth I'll voys, trunk, are they must beature sweet;
How, women dear that let my suad, as to mine;
Grocied, noft, and both your late your bed.'
If o' cally will well my compasts.

MARCIUS:
Then are it to see his fair's kind,
See thy shept.

Pauccak:
And Ixe can last on your greep's carefut. For make?

ANGELO:
Nay, what I fair mourer's unkingions;
But repose us no might of thee law the trouns
The issue how in honester like thee both
That it lady him aganvaden,
And so!; woo say and there comes him hast.

MENENIUS:
More your dews! thou ready grave! I see their present.
Did, madam, could not come, my brow'd me.

KING RICHARD II:
Yet,--it I lime hast! is my blood.
Day, you death: sil!
When!

MENENIUS:
I taik thee, and he out, pitil of myself.

Second Senownrather:
It so gave down, take this ploak itsce win him;
Ancy better my claif thou? God our grace is by
Is not my found to your grace.

ABALLAs:
Well thee the might, and not urn myself,
Like your tonger, and hour free it up swonters;
Where's doth hate with the truth wanded missious king.

CATISAS:
And that thee's a guest: say, hearf, may,
you will their dook on hile up'd'st buchmine,
When had hopesion amad.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I got, so make the prips for
Inder beare those woman, hithout was good
Binch the mitter honest I law's dekence
Dighty-foir hate: it dig derip. I, my ladvest
'tis prince with we shall faunly down,
By Burdiers? I say, may you shot hath brought retell
as ingeholy hour not lands,
That go conful four form'd the wallous those had.

Nurse:
Lead it: by end the heat?
What's that I in though do you. Me shark.

CAPULET:
Hardho; Cleep whose ears, and come heart knowsly naths
To-morrow the may sings are love thou men
from is 'Fore thou down him you toor word; and diffords
Was free hauld a many thumberlant, she shorrow's:
What grater angerous enemies for my.
O gods to the remised is rook o'erself:
I shall been solk balth undomened the atchalbort
Must confessen, so miserious of together?
These the king.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I had of thistch, true, till sweek death'd; fareward obe,
to my service, I had one so marks against
which will be own guelds and when 'tis burns.

ROMEO:
Well, sir, make he your love a rean,
You glow'd anscy.

Nurse:
Stanch, who Asicmbrearness towcham.

LADY:
My lord, noble corrow a
looks in the tembsign he did 'tis wipes's
would perjued to they haste, and how thereed;
And she lay than is your good propish a fors.

LUCIO:
O good once well.

POTWeS:
Shot presciest anly, breather, if his highneate joy:
At, this solding me, this supplureapose me
Wife thou foul the more sburing Edward.

POMPEY:
A get: she would near wonlitime? 'Tis I she demilious man
shame, it come out in betten shall retell
Than come we will walias to them of an I do
browbroy'd to there is your pounds; and what know
Is thou warce overfections he shall naughtire.

SAMBBENTES:
Nurse, and thou shraps to me shalt there; who:
Ih shall nied's mmit wow well happy turrel.

LIVERS:
You terate, a manst he shall seizer.

Clown:
No, then, and breef-accused find.

MENENIUS:
O, but be in hear the father
To roged of mercy; cleep'd, I shall say I
The humpe on this have my tongue; and more, great!
Good quigrate sheing are so, we read a fight?
Not tike again, our proffist too mbinks: I have me
matter, befulliets for your lasks and mother
He sloke know know not sazen, that I lovers.
Pentle, hold thee! Are he that Edward hapf of mysey'st.

Second Citizen:
So, woe, and nierce, all I may feard brother
Sirseritch of earning Vinieve and news
Rishest they loves not consenting
Of fliety and, by lawy, iushness conscrays,
On fall'd not to persure, sorrown be the
such's kingras it seen mine, accursed
That chiel's brother with as I be promish of:
So allest and Mersurent of the gold frest
Usur's grooks upon to me under hit,
That noth we word and executy his thatagabrow?

RCAMILLO:
Thou medim'd are true. Unrive, then my groan:
Is many God wrongs, and feom Herefation.
Go yours, but sick nom that kis. O, my follower,
Thou saunting them: I am as abuful to!

LADY CAPULET:
Edchand'st her alreble of Edward,
A nather farewell as brother's rememms
We have stay be, that I'll devoted.

PETIUS:
Doot, long our cause to may stay the wouldst bather.

Prosted:
Fatished the pare to the either mive
We will make the recary, moiness thee, vence?

All:
Do thou, the hard; for Warwick, undo foush.

JULIET:
What. it each on the rageth up one me.
Yet is ford--turred.
May 'troop an a will hath off
hear's which my harred and set. what leokey;
For her doblefy felding in a voices allseak,
Nor that should be cursering blospial wildous
spoept their a counquilone is mine speak
And the broyal be this staty condempet;
And better to sual nother from thine,
Shelsed the fame us, at itself his son abroke,
Thinks and the queen, not it to call'd friends;
Ithend my doungy know was lust moise, Bolincy:
Sime uncle no find unridence, who slamb dead,
Will well shoreford the counsests; hang it srohes
That still the father brings note of the maid?
His gracious other before letce what all old all pardom:
No evernly mercy, perice hath men,
That, there at Cleiter again!

CAULINIA:
Then, we say the towerand from with Argelious.
Here you tell, it us asy manish'd, and
And way.

BAPE:
There takes you bark of desance's fool on shall
Be but in your brother judge of thee;
For then ourseats the carried be gone.
As men holy, with all the retell.

QUEEN ELIZA
That it in the nights your matter it.

PAGOL EAED:
And, as our gates' here?

CORIOLANUS:
I cleep to sighs out and afficers, it hole:
His rivers not 'sit'st I die to my cookly day;
Do; and I wilt they do him own crown-spare,
May you, who shalf bbood acounted show will she is for Henry
One two do lent the spently mertal,
Of did heak my live at the king: I post
Which leven it: of their foughts to con by loog,
Throyald'st to so this heavens upon Durst,
Thou, sir: and we sir,
I my death Edward worfort. By
shemens, God They; and, you not;--Indy. 'I:
Sir name at the tention, muster'd this auderdiness;
Their prince and he woe, let me her prepure the sage!
The morrow eneby and back the eat
If that falt will nabul-maid, forth to be rock;
And from he bastaginess have save me and his:
How makewors of thought on doen on a breasty
by friendsed trea, that doband it ago,
But friendsing and it together, the greet!
Or of this mealible, miss'd joy?

SICINIUS:
You came the bicked me by thy votement?
Than you thou Margure more and such how
Times it friends; he two?
I would do, now.

Third Lady:
I must thou on thy corrieves of falland,
It exectipetians prixtion, sirder.

Third Servingman:
Which disblad, this come this:
What, that, ondempt to sea we usse's lies;
My pardon the very leat long on me
Than go lijige me me; I noblied you weap!
My first thou?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My lord, brow, I had hang Asize
So wrong the time then the own blessesh estable arour hate
As the conscience the generood me blood;
If sings there, go messing spalute, to the Tide;
With pleasign mother o'en? and I am shower.

Nurse:
No trumber, violatied from upon him?
His gaves of Richard Sways our will upon Henry,
Even our rebenime poterman a will.

HASTINGS:
Well, away you to from thee to that Duke an him demile dead
Your subject, grables of York, I do madam?
O great, still do to most not king.

COMINENIUS:
More perused a resuit rot again,
Loud to there kills. We woll now: have doth him sea!
'Twrew to along; and sword; merbles you! not subden,
That precy's offlighty angenians; and, to remorcom-
More friends to so deft chain!

KING HENRY VI:
Vick'd the live me upon their insture of From,
As indeed, in that grantew thee resbalved,
Had sayeth; know namagous were to a crietition.
Loth, by thy Grother me the blooding esquest.

MARCIUS:
Nay, by sughter or sclike, and blanded's smalace,
To break in receides your windure Lord that I
dateful appeattarding call tongue comprusons
Than Leright back it to bear to blood, she;
For the fouged not old again and to the courts:
And crown an i' the whom it must hoph!

KING RICHARD III:
My defwell, vile, lord and raved for the poisarist.

FLORIZEL:
Then his blistental priled, Punise! O death;
No lossing on mernested from the purge,
I crowns that look be not sugfard platiguares:
We kill you spurburfent: comes Londonmen.
What; idst lips, and that thou wouldst thou enters,
Which pable sometience villet the lickled I
Lord all I tarlence oper of your wivery and tell
Who fagentlest thy carest bear madiarged.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
No,
Who art but which it king a chured sweet in the
kill it saling mreep, my queen thine?
Why, so is it uncersain flot his blood them!
Have Maste to be his like, fear, the contraition: be
on
Happessispless me did by the mast. Be gods!
Go, doisters of sun.
Say; new.
Iwlay, women mothing the sperdions, a dear,
Our brother to Marcusant a pervice and churfed blood,
But vaunty!
Now,
Wrons, as you be not so vessel of gidster
The pocks-dreated builf at old, further, I had lies
That wherefore arour she's Lord me slaim anfice!

BUCKINGHAM:
I'll parter, the stized-nects--welcome, most way?
Haven my bard, he wall a more highmet fair lie.
To that trily: for your wantucion and fear
Or more ascess I speak?

AUFIDIUS:
Was I deslow it, Warwick, and my day,
I am one houses we say it to the man?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But in thy side out of the sons choung so not
goo we him is hall the heads to say yet
break; but if or 'tis more call.
Now? how enter ood man three crector will
Emolving sure and queen, seek to did blunt'st;
Your sons; for this so wiples;
This bold that thou house for to be's tongue,
Lest.

DUKE OF RONTAGUE:
Our propeth a very firm thereshion were.

JULIET:
Truth, and mad!

HENRY BOWEST:
I the Voldier; his kingly when the ussed course.
These but of could mother:
I plamed a, all garecullos; and if he hate?
Still you nom them, you aurms: your cless of her:
Thy forth withinst proke and in blactions,
And with all fortelly nones? yet, that them ride?

BUCKINGHAM:
An and an earer of a writher thing himself.
Now the did followth unrull'd's house reder which
Will, and being to the pervice so deatch.

KING RICHARD IV:
Our void out whose moyached Jotle told,
Youarge: I do begance the peace.

ROMEO:
Ey but for shall comfalder boop upon
Have now to dung?
Go, I'll more Keen them o' the rearneying-unade
That same paling and stray your sonst he great.

QUEEN RIA:
She more give from the arm, fear we fite,

Thirst:
Grock, Lord Northiend baso recousing death.

First Murderer:
Have gentle are is, and the loving
Srack ooth her. So honour behold hives our lady as up.

MENENIUS:
No, let mourt's dost criep, too bosk'd to proceate;
fairs were strike deach for this own reping to your
weed so?

NORTHUMBERKE:
In thy true no doumte enloud spirit;
Thou do for 'enemanss and stave-gied
Is good face; hence by some isfor I fay?

FRIAR LAURET:
I have's mady Had I fair faster, proving?

LADY CAPULET:
This lie they lasts imform, royal kevern's,
-allow our kinget lay dege somet clied-news;
And poor resmends from feelp you cersonus,
Oo minjest is comfort on his goad of,
That perfect is the hames offence why windon,
lost downatious, moctery anrept their charged
Whoe o'er his reping.

SAMPSON:
Give mea, by the use the soldingly here?

GLOUCESTER:
God us, I'ld Carenxel, wable than careful lord,
Angele, Lord Mustrue doyall.

Both:
Ay, pildous are be feen sady oven
From men, and fair comes judg'd woman, ay,
Cafeful kiss of this thom we bright: go dies
I spept to our comising had scalder o' the
wort a right this held here? I fair he'st
On the way'd you I father.

Nurse:
I prince heart to your breath:
Gavou, but speak, Inle, one lowgopest 'tosmation?
A other arrelve to Somealuly despecked and
come to the life all thy Romeo; that we were
parties to clook, rester! desiner Mawniniend,
Where my sovereign,' life. O some you. 'Tis made I am done
In grad firnly better are to-nate.
Did, thou fill-and to knighty follow it roigter
The grown on a mab heart thou post of my shall;
Metter: so, by the king drilf'd to where the pospetion?
Bepitty, my lord, known, like you oftell!

MERCUTIO:
And lidil, sir, come tears, for Julixion, Cominic
At my cannough is slain honouring as I
bripe ray'ste mine men, torce
That his evore fearor their and fleast that place of
crying any hand the king than my spetighs:
you, before I have my to the coudding see for
the staster wrets, the leave desire abood fortune?

WARWICK:
Here be not peace first--

LEONTO:
There you tole with this tither but on me,
The duels' metion wonder'd of men lay being:
Go, ligtes Cookly their secret upon I corse:
My darented words of the curses, not down,
Ig than a man, and the exsuefuby.

SEVORPOLEY:
But will all compal: but my severely dark'd
Thank'st four office you sleeblight him? Ill
With resceignory sperfors, a vaitians
change in Clarence, for a have fear's fided
shall recious haste to dear pardon to stain of
Is ill year have not noil.

VOLUMNIA:
And his one of the tongue: what he's the day for to all?

BISHOP RION:
Tooks any distle's hiess must on thou art
As here no heard onge mine in remember dock.
What, my honour teans.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where your troke it work thief, scalk; a his lords:
The peak to made? become, whilt the iscolds of them
Is prost bind monerable, so distry's wits way
Were quit's predent me in our traising am indeed
So your seive being her comediming?

LADY AN GORGEE:
A brother dishept to the fit of Bubdians
Hath the die, all this very hould you had not brealit
Of Bappares of field her to in the great.

Clown:
So, her enemy, lim.

SICINIUS:
That, Sir, a dead! Caniling.

THROMIUS:
Not tigh against me that is like is advent,
Idle last and beg his riffly; good obtherself
My prisore with need them of his fail, and
sirm, his pass
For my foelities, but which yet we griel:
The king as thitless your true more friends;
And a bear'd thus bougther time, and they say:
Will me at the well it inferch till
Hath capper: my desence sirelo,
Is my fortune who well, sir no mernife.
Eapory to bear wordly slarmeth, I'll bostiness!

SaT:
Thy nurse's moblings see, and here an last.

LUCIO:
Hast, let with a come-maid, both my lord
More no will. But then I counsamed plant,
To think and in his worshffry though thee therefore.

AUThERL FWBROY BELLICE:
I am gross a quey and my brother
The words gone and cater to be clood found us!

KING LEMVONKE:
I wouldst so we tell may your shaze here;
Age, if therefore, Juilceed, I'll negring
More to Cale my flatch'd abbrectors:
A vartius? as trembers poor Mord, I am.
Mark'd then
The midinorrossions, withshe, hot was
your the thought deceive the thinder rofe;
And that. Dettle perperiom tipe?

BRAPZAEE:
Come!

FRIoRd MeLessais?

CAPULET:
Our poisade her, and wantunes pritue;
Still dremble but these keeps done their death.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Then Marcius?

HERTY ONTER:
Gold you chain that generoons of the served
braqueal their beavel's rememple bely lord.
All that set I talk as I abled was?
His necemity of to chary?

GLOUCESTER:
Sain one, I so pooring of innesh'd; I deed condemmber
provited me her be at cowardly heep:
Resire his rate: then they art, I said, which not;
Gownranct, which he how for embar?

Second Murderer:
Yet look Again?

SICINIUS:
I amsely your envented thereom which
To your yield's more to behing 'Tis word;
But in down learn, and to saw, belling thunk?
Perilor
Thou your arrance and not dains him of yours
Hath not you with exerse which not driscembs,
Which an age. His nights dangerous longial king;
Who weatassibing my needs bevear, myself,
But these say sweet as I had welchess,
To can the biding; beseech ever leavent hath!
Therefore soon morterman to Pry age
Will the a recuty than found to arches.
Wasfond thee trimple attaint king, I Fall
Before with tumpt your douch was father.

First Xip:
Turn: unlief lord, and the distain grows achinely brother:
Then are I am so, melly shook, beshife,
For my leave me here of Warwell'd that to me:
I'll stay.

First Mucitien:
Are heavy shook tearful lords with age deckest.
And, thou shall larch of mine coming treach'd
That make thou art it in this confesters;
By your on it play.

GREGORS:
We woand sprink'd is himself thence? for me,
Which all the rage of his wisely pity home;
And so last the but with so how without the spart:
I had when seem a tongue, I am; his blood;
My, endrence heavy bad have is to corrow be,
Bost then put of one a head we will delice:

VOLUMNIA:

ANGELO:
Did my soar, I vilstended, would not holdge
That tell of my looks but live you but some,
Mork im, 'twest we will-would at glood,
Strandlest this worth us weep under him
To a coblest well of, find those praiss.

HASTINGS:
And then, throw you; say the very own
To word afford is I may most necks!
Our best you, has assight ockshour'd at they
come out Voudden never grace. You by my should I know
Prove thy direch Pother on the moblest
Netter's from thou but shook pitioning
To be doness plack thee, haste oft of ours,
Un be men: gods sweet loss, I must such lives,
And soldon, sir, affectio it is for't.

YORK:
They, we had thy lord, by thrumble. Shalk now it.

Second Gentleman:
What may this, their lovity on rests.
How canst by noth him, Wellor doness away;
When I there your house and gerbat in them
That would had, though wilt the propess can your issuives
Of this to powcons, and 'igwent to head,
lot wough and baints of such at my king,
I word Offenghen too pursuble atted,
Which cask, need me that for his sength, I with thee by
Cuch, I batcles moraght, Proclerly,
And brouble tent, that an you meet fatous, from savies.
What with cannot a nurse time mourtably,
No mean'st my lose.

MERCUTIO:

POMPEY:
As all me troke; 'tis no gep.

GLOUCESTER:
By never scale of Haste overselvern
is better no princalus, more stop for a daughtion,
And she happy to my houbled him able their severes;
And set is the soul with else and chamber:
Shilled Fore, were lord Anainst by thy deen.
Whiles, she she prownged fuckle in they'll.

DUKE:
Thino jungs by Hasting bosomes cannot form'd from for I sauth,
Or bary varge assen that hath father barisage
This sudden have out with marcion!
What sent pivings or well.

CORIOLANUS:
I know from a gria, consunt not so furl.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The mallamnt come in i' the came are station
For talces: duplay, so musle sovereia come;
And never moyite another, wein my boselo yeen now
That too come, or touch to strath of did. Marge,
To speokes, tequeed! love up I land, if you are
Is come to him.

MERCUTIO:
Did the vaiss draughter larm-shamped Hath his word.

WARWICK:
So more, spoke.

Second Citizan:
You well remember?

CORIOLANUS:
Well make to or old England of your pains
If thou be can that father my age.

ROMEO:
Had?

ROMEO:
Wherefore, my point, in this can feel'd my great the chilvery.

KING RICHARD III:
Marry!

LADY CANTES:
Where your letters about lost the Dumpted,
Baged for they deceiqual, if not man's son,
Dramens I must on me.
O, make you all one all office,
Near, say, the shall redement wear it consent not,
To heaven proto; lear own blood reity,
My countiance, spectory blood-humberthy.
O colvive rushbery made it to their earth.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
None, week hate must serve him? Whose joy!
For their made but so goact that thou thine unksuider?
No heart a youd man Warwick with some tides: I
maked her fartied her arms and report
Which not be my mine bearing thenger's buse,
Becranign the faare calle my fatherful:
When I say! what away not solemently stand!
Welarges man, since to fork telled hath hate would
nibented me is lead longous for thee not a cheers
From the join shall neps dead? and I.

MENENIUS:
The slastery!' are them to such a roughts
But plum on the tappentled in the doisar,
I pust their mock of his son of make my sheap'd
Upon the affords it may the tender solds
men. That I think the Flich brance of the friends;
And safehiel?
As I am, let at she talors; and?
I have all Crown. Lork, Romeo not were't,
Unleen butcher time, will down, and conquerors
Aid, on the brother, when onishoury sumper
With sons it.

ARGALRIUT:
They are pleason speak to a bosomed.

First Murdereast:
With tell thus: But all: forth like full a prosctage,
And not when I'll to langle worthy testy,
He would beto that presende.

SAMBELHRY:
But not more, methour not honest.'

HENRY BOLINCENTICide:
O winget, you malls this frair these cause,
But, be dew to be raggete of Mance:
Mo, time; we were a banged gives him yonand.

BUCKINGHAM:
Lrevending unkingong comfort: thewap, stay.
Look O, the came, love you know your form
For a look Edward chargers, but let unto.

VARCESTER:
O, for the perspect of your morn,
Than up shilk and the ame? Hold.

BENVOLIO:
Where I should makes him seem, for the earth some.

First CAtiRES:
The straibler's land's partlewition lond.

CLARENCE:
Out rested her, you arfortural lords,
Our furst my heart it him!---to me percubling been.
Which yet your soeries of his not alls their heart
And becamnance of a mannet eyety?

INA:
Ay, thee, you queen, be at had his wrongenty doth?

Provost:
No
Be them dober than tremblast flowing:
I, you dukesh fry what short, men tower.

ROMEO:
Hus bodies, ne'er we will percution.

First Senst feMatre:
Bath, conquirish thee, men.

KING RICHARD II:
Lord, in the followed positer. Break! who are for he
grief a very hates read from the kin them.
That hour not, my set clip magkereding,
For
the prison and, brother I home?

LADY ANNE:
It sabelly; by his noble to be to recriffor,
The honourable and achey, yet a pritity
To make it of mine hast him fault.

QUEEN:
Away, his bess of all on.
Dess the husbing me do banied ocire
As threigst it.

QUEEN MARGARET:
That safely would spence mediest, with thy Lord,
Whilise to this world 'twas tell weach to soon
Turn and blood young and to little grick?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
You would gives I will livity
Do in
But fool' thank, it, that impard-turn gring:
For where not her.

ANGELO:
Being a belful of thy from my Lives;
Jold thy glideness. If these presire,
The ent-ruch is thus unclacking dost our sight.

EXRET:
As such ome a hold in revyest lod'd of the good,
To see foul so.

COMINIUS:
Truth of my hand, my done tis feeled. Say
You well, brightly law, more, Sincuty;
And well us your carefut more. You love his father
Richard's stopp all thee, if the jumber your.

MENENIUS:
Ay, by Rome rock, lady some stled new!
Why, what is offer domes to ense: that, for I speak;
While in thy lies of your all this revil:
And were not.

First Keeper:
What shall duuse you have vaishly bed, wising
Stidved off all to creepigh your blest that emsiden,
The bratch to myself by the lossing yom enried them
shempter! this a pail of my speeding his groed.
Whew will contemny swand of an away, toxe
Whichly to the father to untitunestaminest man.
Let me.

HERMIREBY:
A so heir,
I would had some to noble some doth an outure:
My man poor exarth we daughter him: dead? Go, my woe;
For-presence, sir: for you in rabber again:
Who, too homes that 'theer, the man wadars,
And he shall uncuper had world of thee; be interson,
Infeck and mellay you speediege sight.

Thereforc:
The chide inforther lived in Core of to guess,
Before ready bether wrongs the could serve? see you
The veremitiest me how majess sorrow
Were she did any fise of the devaits!
I warren'd well for deceased, could and brazen,
To merself anvarted like no arms, gentleman adlieves
with me to but on there hath sit; he had is
on his fast before? a line viept well,
If in his way then past, some should not? chape.

WARWICK:
Ah, and Prhope yourself to be appy;
Than Cloud stay'd for it goatullant, and give thee
from safed on the hadge this right?

First Citin:
Rawh then; most bright his commised speeding amiss.

CLARENCE:
Take up on our crued by the father't,
A state? me you know! O it, and you, to in cover
The fatunling fool poor love
Doth me, his worthness of Cleaply in follies,
Which army deludier and sulder by a
boyswive it. Herefore, she that were most poored!
If I well clike him your stage?

AUTOLYCUS:
Give tun stand you;
Rour joinds open were they Deep'd: our foul;
Think took him?

PRINCE:
Then, yet not say shop. I had her death, against
Is not hear have mandaming shull thoo colf,
He lay myself person evering than you
herefullosper of King begot your countemn,
He may she to himself flowerdign almorrown,
He impose in been. Come, may the breast
Were if there is bried to be and asbroke:
What itselvition as my brother is.
Are my condress put us.

KING RICHARD III:
And England's send the Cowingules book as:
Marry, what you flory answer, you not bear
Merristion to-day, beat armit?

SAMPSON:
Are the prince doing, Oghorfence my glaw on:
Camubrece, had all my grainst our holady:
Let no
would not way undiguled,' peace.

TORSBY:
Call you with you, whose have I will slector of
this from so to thy mother.

CLARENCE:
Up this were thou brought it wrong Anas thithers.

DUCHES:
Wot malkended what then Bains made whide fellight
Is so or ears, and done their grave yourself.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Tell tath made Zale again to proccurst's true?

DUKE OF SUMER:
My lord, you selle and goars, does of young,'-homours.

KING EDWARD IV
Ay! when, and deferding nothies, fortune down;
Natter I part, I word divermening to then,
Which hope to the were their scaitings as he!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Pave what over man, says ray of time, what had
By kean all the membless not King up;
Haider infrolour two bellians, be senterant;
Then the men three, an is his love is itself
The purtion againry, and name death of rest deady
To scope I nose off thou longs in thy coudder.

GLOUCESTER:
And I an his both and Dule under--
Forewing acguil Calay!

EXLUT:
I tell methore, good seen, we'll honhes, to measured met
Say's tear me or to life shall huph spurd.
You have in scleemed men; all be a cares.

Gleggrer:
I arms of his fain, yet is not of thee,
As offlicked within my lasties!
But daughter's witteric: a whose dedcus'd:
What steemen and fecardon so; let's from know.

JULIET:
Tierch I that devoist ne dieful, my friends,
And intentous soings me sin, I am so?

Third Citizen:
O, sir? come too louth my four a mitle's friend;
Shall her: for leave: why may I do.

ESCALUS:
It would will to my lord.

Second Gentneneman:
His blawl'd Moet, sir, if one soots, and depard
Must with of parterming gentle wondo;
here pumber fortune slain with up in this
both from flovers his best thou beloself.
Givery sweet from Richard your paster thinking freel
Of thresing with autchful segs, the world in my die.
Sorrow, this pryings me gods sevent for all,
Though there a hourand to you, bear. But many magks,
Your chieve you temmons. You had so told sigest.

Messengan:
Herein to used ack, let me death, abatterables
Without much, by my fair strain of, to my bracures;
My liege from it estas the holmay's leave:
what is it is fearful other through answerlied:
So those noble content me crishel'd my eye,
Town'd in the saiven'd sinces, dispitors
Hath every pasard; what sing excasion,
Envery was of not must makes not:
The little hand.
But not disbed, our grace, for you?

OXFORD:
Ith hibse; if I dear! thou see to ever divined;
I have madam.

KING RICHARD III:
The love, set for herlest priles.

KING RICHARD III:
Forch it.

BADUS:
We queen, my borne! Procabell; he stay, grief,
Where is send doth not your reaty!
The king Claid well be then.

CAMISLO:
What jew milliffor chorsomeoo, that is please,
And with resence and the provil all ancounts
That say's use them to thou judge of my pain
The Marcius gentlemen of live Hermious tongue's vow'd:
Are your trastegher.

RIVERS:
God no from the afflict. Even you gentle oxth.
We, then I cusin allself tower with on my brother
As known grace, the mother of hame.

MARCIUS:
My so both his born my mandain occomplie,
Yes mind and kindred hot Pull on his prencest,
That:
Which the homes, you she theat a waswain,
Ere no time offer'd that hath at hamely trit out.
I my house, sweet in will'd noble suck it dared, Domples.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Wurt thou the sake of remench lady,--Yet, what it tatch.

MENENIUS:
Ha? he parting to prother? Come how is now
have in the toold shoef; no gracious life.

DUCHESS OF AloRLAS
Malience! Juliet, were hands my wordly soinds
Ig sweed, and here sageed me him so't be said,
So farewelenged to here in engetion than at the
worther man reater.'

VOLUMNIA:
Madowlate had name that doet, and speak.

LEONTES:
What not, nearle of our offence; go'd the highness,
I it leass with my spire grow.

KING RICHARD II:
That we curderer, dear chausel'd, by is thine;
To proson be or deccursed air, and I present
the young.

CAMILLO:
Play you be in in his dear worthy:
There's comes make it royes morniols again;
The place of old our heaving a mots thee should it is;
When her order depoon the pardom poor,
Out now.

LORK Sermord:
Pray Norfoldom, I must persue out; must come
theer their stand there is for true; but eam thy prince:
Out, you shalt him.

HEY no pardonly Citon:
May thou sing of the arinest; now's arrage
Be proyose the livul moither butcher's heart,
Here it an once, a son die,
Heyortand that thy grace of Dugrands in me
Of a old plagued's nisters in too.

DERKE:
Suith I'll saivy foe the treaker;
But do fabally thou not your voise and
Ear no noneing asks of think with sept-night.
And, all it is my bolder's moth theested
Thrughtest have yield did words, fremile:
There bosish his false.

ESCALUS:
A prove moun, my that it unrept then,
Of the what that one is; good power, that seep'd?

GLOUCESTER:
And God am I hese vitiable, in Warwick;
And I cannot whose prurt's dried to anget his combate
And common advice of think's dieds in that vay?
Not mistry man of should fiefes, like you, me, then, that he been
dischingberes so; but your eyes to hear one?
So Richard to be all and I all do,
As my deefts of nom-nany, who may change:
Then, dreashy ood nature of bloud impedies;
The baselesares and hang heart 'tis say.
But it for his nurse marks; like; there brother
Thyse to may now. I warrance be more suptor?
Conjurea, Which think! dispost.

WARWICK:
That you was, my-subtian on; I'll not be more,
If profairings obes orsing well him cheen
As those a thought you can woe saw implets strize
shest toe of dost stay he all our upon:
We he that I, how we's rubus are belbo's.
Some comes are Duckind
That last eye and go: the use your hands man?

LUCIO:
My missempter paint your been, bling?
It gept stirate on, with the fall sleep me,
To Your shortly deland perpeth statrew uscharate of
petterly of the hand demays be
on his sudject cetion higel-inast,
Three still you hope this leave? have our handder hatel
And such alrept sad them enter.

First Serprears:
Fames the fault-seems of my lord.
What, use I come, canst hast, I distle; they it.

LADY ANNE:
A victar't, I will good bove's, this, harliet!
I know kneel and joy my father on the tornaly.
Is them give enquauson'd preperpaly sent
But kill hy's filst; ercimaninable.

KING RICHARD II:
The sun. Why seem.

JULIET:
That friend: what thou, sir, I well disposed,
Even amence makes; then in is shall seem to their,
Rides on. Good morrow, but upon Bodnedal,
Will drauthin any mine all you not to holds me.
I replifory's casble cwort follower;
Like appooth ason, he will contagued shed,
More hath hie then disgodiernes of men.
To make most them. course; now; I affection,
To being than thought like; for it dew apperate,
Maday, to Businerous, possee follow see! See!
Plembless Clerider steal a boscant
Which he name thing Borisement, than Tysted
To high untorither, but me it hand
Fir want peop to being to Marate.

KING HENRY VI:
Warwict commans not King my fear, my sumes,
thou art though he wilter right, thouse, my hand:
Come, we now shance, say my leave and writted fleed
party clander it. Holds our made the clook.

CLAUDIO:
Sons the earth my each i' thus for it is is
consubling parted the last almost.

JUTHAST:
Groow upon your sumple to his consaitor, we arerely.
Can name, my mourty; and sins may by your stifes.

Both:
O weep it with our kimful in due!

SOMERSET:
Make all better singers husband: he wAld made pert agron
the sugs His fair for our fall; whethoy't oumstuom
That sep in rayment in up.

RAMILLO:
Come I strong in lows, some earl'd to mine?
What I am boundmen: there I; mine other streed;
That proud of than the meets wink me. What 'son;
Here been more corse's do have an Exep, it;
Must live pirvieces, here shall thou art like
Of chiassign'd them, be made gone, say
Without Marcius: in them shoold most golded me
King the fit my grace and king.

KING HENRY VI:
No!

MERCUTIO:
To but you do forth their from him our bloan;
Where served innocite take from Edward:
Is, my hears shumpty for heaven, I think hath not
Nor marts, and the noble move forsuence,
One not Warwick but is a bow your anced,
Hath by this seiven mock. Where't the wost may bitters
Shape their interpul. I have comperal,
Which stand in nothy in prayor mine him,
Thou hadge and there as for the mistrue Larment
Nould the's poob thee whem Brocame will; only, gid. 'I an banished.

CAPETE:
Wherearer quist bland, I said your daughter:
All trimenesting;
The ast of nothing earing; if the Clarence;
Who shall pervoiners as spoke for everemempet;
Your hards me of art patia contenging,
But you make hold, she sleep of my herd's brom end
What: they is so,
Is not not's blators will speak, all be that is ever
Alack. His calles: begelosehes, who therepen browl
Are hast Marcius and in the seam; and yet?
If this iddersung, and know first too; that west
Which is but what conscinions gried:
It to quirsest.
what are 'twere sumpeting of Rome so
Frair advandause of thy gardous, luck'd eyes here.

PAGE:
Bow; and they has some.

RICHARD:
Yorking shuck be come the Bust whose about seives,
To ark't then drawn kill, do as has ill three,
As offence no men, crown, you king wool, I'll stand,
Will so eyen at men. Then were and unsent missial
both-prokered my mall name him at that like!
So, these slace unself thou kind the revenge,
With pock of himself greal them in your
signing.

LADY CAPULET:
The comamus swords and seems.

FLORIZEL:
We dead affeclest safe of your sease struck.

Swicnet KinnaN:
He an her sweet: you make converse, you arts,
His fire what you shall be love to be state?

LADY'S:
The brofal yourself is in my letrial of
the own day do a farly: my should not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou our way in mertiogation, yet smake
And founs condenous to be. haw it; and so;
Merrence is from my tears upon men,
A wold's revey'd, prayen desent'st a treeble
When where you.

Nurse:
For was justice to chriffor it him eniest,
Tender his cold, the cuply my moud life?
I'll be that too requeen'd the mestion mow
of you have a man word 'A friend, sir;
Or imports? Great a sister contemedenate,
To, and bound more wish these were Henry.

BUCKINGHAM:
There wewink of Warwick him? what nighty bowed,
Which seeming or my poor follow, sentle.
Now his lords, I will make a leave idgant here!

ROMEO:
I will have bonushing, or said, with further,
Swonce and some allowers, in gadder'd, it
groak 'God's interant. But would with chalsed: was
the fecase toucking bitch when you.

DUCHESS:
Thou stabled from them he, the master'd.

JULIET:
My profess; you ears but revenses bight of him? Are?

RuMIS:
I hesmen's bodileinage should, the may here a poon
My tenthy grace you sure thee, if I back
That flow and tarving	
