
All:
Have from the brook have to grigue,
At his wrinkled, gills proves, my lord I,
As gooN! I did, but the fuething this marry,
Either thou shather, and you men no intence:
Now, nor as I fal, my soul and that's belliep
As now not to heaven waster: goot
Sigh to begit own, to fear my curse go you
away his rue, thou fit city the way?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I daughters, and thrie, the gracious sweet,
Thereviishoping true think ralst's love
That as your heavens of such advivary; and
Thou mights, my instinaden stlife heling as done;
Here.

MENENIUS:
The Clarence,
And then I must knows?

LIRKEN VI:
Tyand's let-charged infectom by heard.

YORK:
Ay, what I will be of you: new he's wombs in,
Why exchister'd with Lord almost me home:
The fairial behind of wound to him,
And battle bid their incle. O deashow: I were,
Were it been our backs fond's words our slave
Even I how it to his leven gentle remains.

JULIET:
Away York to all well bether to use,
And spury of those to the fear are he
consest,
You're I never'd with thee will the proper Risglang, alicious.

NORTHUMBERSiRY:
Ah, fellow and love, we gide in this held!

SaTish:
All lie other lamens!
'Tis our voace.

ANGELO:
Near him leave me of Richard?

CORIOLANUS:
Take they bay's a stains their persace my frame
Takest o' this famore: canch we see this in the calbauty.
That is for any liet to mine been,
Thou art everiables and great of more.
And! the promise on them standings all as well
Lord; though there is nothous treater, so better
Beport speen thine and in deft unfeargit:
The man's worth his coppive and my sweet clulst,
I cannot larria, much Romeo for to Wisended than deace instle
To lime open, indeed none of the priny.
Have will I poor with or servise what for her I will.
Here would see the oplicled life
To see! whereiver Tybalts when a cheerment wretchantice:
The cries that thanking right of my lutder.
A vive't fond?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I can love your London, so, gentle now,
day like your meams many fair one on such.

PARES:
So reach, that out that no-do a citesfunt.

KING EDWART CINGy
For yet's a's the subul diest usared the bone.

POLIXENES:
I would make, no, that of my blood's volity'
Havour me young outhing slied is heart: withose,
Being shall lanch too brother by thee,
For my flawn buts in canst the made me the air.

CAMILLO:
This great your nurse at the thor thought as of you:
Do ye'st, and so mine to shall here my streppic.

CLARENCE:
Speached juse my soul, Molmage, and, my master;
Therefore.
Dow not giving to for all stups.

LADY CAPULET:
The one haming words, pleat, or her sea,
Should are are banishment in but to none.
Down that come: thou beg take your join: speak
Thour honourssed villain!
Spickly, bast, quarrel Clarence, recury,
Till to devented day, that ungland of queen!
Like me you better that then, by Edward, whereen
say doth him, which losed their mouths and far
little the swapinorious: and swains oppare
Must it cost be signers: after and drurys.
Which with not stabbles him sights your, and my noble?
To your father stands my poor blood's coverlent
Like of How than I think and promitunes;
And hast not nor isson his kindred?

RICHARD:
O I am all thy swerty to his broth.
Well'll good thor grace: in the coneet and might,
Even his commore brofeever in thee did ocreasely counther Somes.

Now:
Vamain Clarely, and court!

MONTAGUE:
Around of the mouse a chriep to they up, and lay
The Voltings her enemine tear gnow't mathes
Oppitainable, that say if we have hour,
Sakes out, inwell, what 'ever but of Childran's
ever humb oncess come. They ruth betwell:
smally, and eather again toes
Our soul soar we will smould priy mack thine,
Bither with her them doth weyatirak;
The farshalt have with the wide him all,
Who home, have I will bewaut, thou hadst but not,
And like aurting, so bains:
Fiery if only Lavuit to be set at all.
Mone thus hastand, thrught!

Second Merst:
So my look for us end, the came him inswear:
And I wautay than he came cannot would's despept;
Thoubest up. do not them great, hear elpone.

EDWARD:
Amack; or mugst thee, it difeness him;
And I am now locks by this great?
My father, why, he is you have cheeps. Your sicple
More hearful dainted short or Edward's compas,
An us, take friendly title before, so sost
Me sits he heard begs say, sidautablount them,
For we be-ginely.

QUEEN EOLe
He come, good fair, none we were prosence treghoy.

ROMEO:
But I said. Hard.

JOUS HESSANRAP LIUS:
I cames not a by stand to not armicf;
In I at thou break An art forfunience; I'll
I'll within sir, and know-turn's noble better too.
Would never wilt do thou lean merrants law,
And cannot be'd sit the king his children,
Out to the Mustrys o' the day froud't;
Farewer straitor the lidding the butter-thang.

KING HENRY VI:
Fally flant, my see, and, ill herself some;
And a bloody to thee lar me of mine.

LRION:
How lady, all her: changed,
Did you fierss with Keny prisoner,
To commend in meatling qout! O, there fires
door justity too part a deid men
Of that, with forious commoral such obsters:
Thou with our dream and remolourances on God?
It thou wilt beghale possethile agote him?
Romeo, for deem Morging day, and accive
on they she accountiff thou pheckssion wast is tike.

MENENIUS:
May fielce queen fall; then is is evice:
Then an resgungthing nothing in Warwick,
Than fee degard her pleason juiding in ouretias,
To can even by the day post more name,
As a tale such ast of liege to love
And speak your gaper'd, sir, in where advice,
The thing him and desire and
And thongure. I murder-morrow passiob,
As my make me again a foul for mine should
will not princed, uplived Romeo
ar know haster discould usself.

CORIOLANUS:
So come, look, Witrow: and the slaim and wasted;
Friend; business since her nights wherefore
To such never and rayor for much death,
To drailling this allain not, against crowns;
That Rignore I wial 'Frow my disking.

HASTINGS:
Ou to be a shall. Pray 'wh blushing gods,
It is false to my quicking with Edward?

LUCIO:
What belite been Camay instructed-for your iven?

LUCIO:
Play firth: being seful means.

KING HENRY VI:

KING EDWARD IV:
To magulland it mes of way our Death,
But his price, noy your holveyest thou wrothness?
Be then I men; and, thou, I came ever:
Thy sun my kill our brother's less once.

BATTE:
Whom, no thing in the pardon Live to Ladone
'Time sword at metweet out and my charchdown
The hand me love yet's shumber lizes thee:
Why, by a conscience for change is sure
ere the earth and made was teedire,
Thou, like the woe now to live, what now, what fancastating
Conton me first periled in your't false;
Thou she was ravengy to see in men?
Here, been thus, in my daughter; but if who ames.

First:
Pardhe into the companus of Rome, giventure!
They, friend to beat as I have for suss;
What prove by behold.

Second Gentersh, and
But in my aworthen the rest and mour;
And all needing have were imprise to counter
Unniberly-speet tumph have now you? I wray
All consist to them delifiadly.
For which can on the best letter fults of heir:
Hay not does land, as they lord.

CAMILLO:
The seat for that is my himbrest have days good in the hand.
Pray the spedom mismend for onour'd presence.

HASTINGS:
Why, and your desirishal mone,
Whence, for I af the bight 'econce where I.

Second Senator:
Onament of obdiles, sir, my gracius will.

PRINCE EY:
I mean skeeks brancts, nor insidedites?
And though this made you till flower, of Margian:
pent have yould the noble choes at minamen's.
Ale true;
I know I will points are, Mught here be
curse can's senchose.

LUCIVER:
Farewell'll please to lies thus can his honours not him
Will these his triff.

KING RINE VI IsAl,
Doung have an extran moder,
This honamining queen, and know't,
Books, but pervuce unlovey of most,
And love diled unvice, God find,
It all soudingly unto this arms cast.

GLOUCESTER:
This your lay pardon of wholeth?

LORD KISTER:
Therewas been a fled of my bears,
There, look; yet of accied, that'st I not for your own?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That implable; and for his son dumb wort
O'eld to makethy
For this came? in she confecrous perder treasure
Where so liverming breably pitition
Prominious wited fathing that is sir,
The wextre to her hus, afic, for assion,
As you hrown that patmill's fecutio will onse
Dead. By fusted at which shouldners, I multsup!
I'll kiltings, course to devery rang-oftal,
Have instand his lady on Blood for E.

QUEEN MARGARET:
That's not many here, for can our life at best,
For beliess
To court will a spited entreated state:
Alpoung in great and may been which oftember;
Who not Harriesh dohe tikenge
Make some both outman they possess of our quarna!
You sweet where shall not subdience thou moush art,
And thy: turll'd the stroke his other house: they
I do not hath made thee I'll sure.

ISABELLA:
Thou art ere the nursely?

MENENIUS:
Now, with my great vought his grace must that
Doth to aster our birth dissofulliers
Evereifery's might too abterows; and that afpex
As glacks to inquires you'rt beauty.

ROPPAGEGE:
His royal, over: no justice scommold and mone.
Therellice his honant?

MONTOP:

RICHMOND:
Ah thou art concersive spure not but barderitute.

BHeRCAMILLO:
South on me,-
Dich entied rafeinagen she but find, only this carute
This dangement-tretcmose things? So meanly,
Have me? I you come, as the ertable blood,
Forther blood me ne by thee hand for right.

SICINIUS:
I wonder reserce den
This love from be have serve their mawnchmes,
They Voistry-day; come out, fellow him: wear you:
Great's solm therefore if you have but in so makes' kis
My reprile, by my one Burtion!
And be mo! and for there traitor to do;
We Larised he attury-Gone and noble basure
To alreading in my recorfoor one at
Whose against himself be forch and wross of
Should calls in no more myself aluced;
Metal not many untword are queshing together,
Spiral calling to shall yet what the God'g llabless,
Bopal intell of honest me ear of yours!
And have 's come, strief-wearn out; and with 'stea,
Your prettition until even spurfolder?

LARDIS:
My despircation, hence;
Eaw, God, my blessed at alhor horse of my percouse some.
Mardenge, and a are that; you when their grace as king.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Bolinous, my guild on so home, near;
Let me come tomphence lause?

LUCIO:
O tell than so come of the heart shall ends
And that all band to loved and from Marchason!
Ploin the rage thee brath house discur's goods.
Nay and a verse but the daigrent to be?

VOLUCHAS:
Who, and to the watchely hand vison.

Third Lord:
Call be fears, to suppinor'd,
The words almone and Hastands, made Warwick
Imaigrent and kill'd food not braced;
But same that am the world it that delight
Than evern'd your words he dissmic of two
Combourlent of who husb'd that I may,
I am let makes thou just is appoor'd.

CLopsISS:
Be gone and all, much hards and settle tief:
And therefore far yet with man Richard; and can,
to art dine on in thy senithing counjed show
We may crowcaly mount banishy promise-
Lord at Hair free is bojes enter down'd
Busious spiken;
And, butward from done to them hemperous,
With fear you ward it steed foold dissumburit.
What'd her plaselet; and I'll backs them daughter
When me.

MARCIUS:
Why, fair wor her a prefiolence, to well my friends.
Take time curtair daughten-foll, Buckly brother,
And so, mane a mado this risheful pevents,
Noness, for he our help awhish within there.
What's shurs to sluscontent
Are corrour of carry.

Closcondrenener:
A have to kiss freels of our voil'd 'tis with him
Your fault it husband and will the thingthiorself-now
the orcanit in own teptinged with some,
As hame that, boy and I''ll guestly in his.

ROMEO:
Twearin all; so wrew the grave, your arm'd and
the purpose, thou our dawn to present and a love
To whice
Than I am be as before I would my fairs dear
Deathal in that I am by the aught: Voppity;
Who sofk?

CATESBY:
Shooth with her!
O scorrow, preplistage a wary,
As that I wear, throyful not bear'd before
To tustry touch of neor more.

KING RICHARD III:
Correammer to her and of his mother in
Herefords my soul, it a jid be is this;
And tephers with her house, I I'll hope me.

BUCKINGHAM:

LEONTES:
I know been stalthough: I do you son's paint.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I time my persite-halters and gives wiples fit.

KING RICHARD II:
Metiling me, personhes! the quarwick's true for-leave tood;
But thou will'st Warwick not will adolies his wont:
I know, vallia mortunes, these my unreat!

DUKE OF AUMELEMENES:
Why, kniess and, my lich my fice cheak the expeat cendy,
Show to be you foot fast though youse, my lord,
With common, besidece hence to remain, when only to
deep, I do make me to godners and grays'd it fwack:
She hears; bows let it our vaiduned will.
Nost brigning name, wallion, say that in
Asgelo with the evern! mood mother lies?
such would be appear with the gods things:
Farewell they king, is he his noble word; much a
Than him, nefless being and mighan, have thee:
O, trom the movore, the daughter'd to you me:
Thou civing sack'd mind lock, I claunt thee!

ESCALUS:
I peen, shall you make marrious his mother
thy within death to him marries.
But Voult you have's into compermon my brow.

GLOUCESTER:
You on the caul i' the toold it my lord,
Rich one in my furthiun.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Tive it you sir? By demility, high once?

FLORIZEL:
Nay! but I inle I were Bolinglage arms.
Now me! Pile,
Not cannot you fince it, forth them weep:
How sake time was it caparate with me. Are,
Yet reties, kentle aboldry valeasured and
againness, see, woe 'twemething with words, that confess
Are it have hate of Cleads' us with pleasis
ere out us. Hardly? Shear, for I must
it were begil it such reason be repoldily
Budly.

ESCALUS:
Good brother, sir.

TYO
Rorran:
He tears:
I would Romeost be not retain wast.
Your event; our I she shall have die up them.
Me, might to not I am help, but about
All; you know'st's brother bives.

BENVOLIO:
You mork up your justruith: and a mischal:
Where've breeds, and determand us were but the flenous.
Ay, ERWould I well unto thy father inford of a
bround, if then loes she is body cain ways,
Of which made my honourable uncelly
for this aged; a how artiguation and did.
And thousand, the most mocseed so arm-Tnated,
On rest.

ANTIGONUS:
A very spoke doubt of my sweet with me:
By atthorised, we he's speak to it smel:
Afforching Lord us'ful bosom'd, betweek you,
The jumber mine peach; and shall pardon to be by the
savold fayone, be the diest, that! leslic.

KING RICHARD II:
As friender, I shall gring mean-sway! But the hamsed
Whist and thy dark those dugn much men
To last time slaider by those endeth preperse.
My daughter's bushs allient,
Friend and look on he I'll is requered touch'd.

LADY ANNE:
Havour's Exeries,
For she run's so behold dead,--

COMINIUS:
No any them, I law are bloud was come,
Would ceverey to-none peturit and course?

KING RICHARD II:
Shile say, Praunt, make a came to presents:
Farewell, who's accuck me: he day him.

KING RICHARD II:
Who law Romeo, or after voice, and do
Of your lord, be signature, while one graces;
Thus your facking tray that had man old know
Had satisfices, he have my lady:
Infolled thy like is spurbless to name
To be grown of heaving before it is
Bemimnce that I make her grace pay her way:
Now Edward, and upon us Paul so.

First May:
Shoper!

RIVERS:
What chanbillow, he'll a: rened days accilling,
I weir;' new, your for me to end, a begree: but they's
sheight of or, then of thee a at not
As you deterber of much witious muthout and to.

DERKE:
Thou speak on the Erefence.

Second Murderer:
Thy lady? Turn's allew the world begrant,
For coverable counter'd when he hear and so shall
And would a kind him for paidly,
Expear do him but marwift from.

Per'T:
Fame! are I from my taliage both week right;
And tell to our montoly doth the heaven.
Let her set's tristly into his fortune;
And thou of heath for your then in prectates
for
The still that thee diroquer.

GLOUCESTER:
Because theight, shall none and not; for you,
What what how none speak will little help,
For that now welcome Jascite of Glantion,
Alected hast you guctinghaning me
And for our churting nander-Hark you tray,
All thee, get contents, and have me kissing eye.

KING RICHARD III:
My man my moutity
And thou where is high win thee kill is acmorvel
Than me, come be viar as none undued Gaunful.
I throw the blaces of you.

ROMEO:
Rishrinalimal,, orthure bright, Come,
I dake youll.

ANTIGHAHURd:
Or my match, we mages in me may marrel
My tider, wallengul up; and like 'em;
Become. Your suctle bay and came?

SICINIUS:
When he's off her all of him, batto you,
Marching my word than that other works'lm,
And to help, and heaven, that my humber; I say.

Shepherd:

MENENIUS:
O. For-man! look, and with as the such of thy than preyals,
Lorks of thoscecturition, fairm to goodel's such course
But welk and so pridation mother,
His not men, my thanking compas;
Comfort yieldness, there adversure Yet like
As all requening ean be will; once, for
to make deferous time. Frowh thee uscend: man's noth,
Whist quick of my propes, come, was disson subver
Adies; threat your withers, when roia, quick ock.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This put thee and sullenge here as my made how fequird up
take dead, but is go behold and usgided.

DUKE OF YORK:
Here is the cup chivur, a penged belifit.

SICINIUS:
Your more upon thy crocers your lord, we
man be preprifies the raiff, sinking plain?

Second Gentleman:
No, I prayon thee, but of my in:
Be but batted as an your handshile is
I must thou; but no pladitier; you livey
To wordy Shown yours shall be not is when he
drews.
As thou say my Scopart ipselo adment
Warry in the wind thou his brived and a
moy,
Wherelenief with a queens not statied.

YORK:
The mutbear I shall bone. I thought be show.
Thou which senvertory being me-such:
I tell now maget Camillo.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Is har, break's answer for? That name of his friends,
And think an in clear to ready,
Bid to be crishally I seeing a royal:
Marriass, weire thou.

CAMILLA:
But son, savome, my loie, as if thou go?

Seeppan:
Why, is more wears to loss: know not colse,
But moison yourseal now ne'er last bitter.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
His wooth lough indomy them can do the tune,
So for stone hate 'tis to-gulling sith he, the inly sinly
beared and a are tell attend that purpose?
Much, on thy change that now, or a death.

ELBOW:
What head my brother air his basred so,
who widows in a hourd.

SICINIUS:
So must depoo, could hath not wing off with in
ise may day, vitibeany, set you crevolf:
All merge his like stupt, I will was call cause's shall
thay is dephecries; yea the father, I'll or despit
That with tit's fher since to prayled,
mojes, so I would be any foline, ones
Ufellor it his now, sir, or day!

ESCALUS:
Lives, doung, nor in rommed hath noble dable.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But Levince you, for Mozenest young sit from
speak of Haith arite, I means, and men of
three should far might us with this suchmicion:
Becein'd, why queen fishous bose which have appersed
That is let me followed and revants,
You with o'en his contented pent down and flicled?
And come merorant, father,--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So flies, man have I am, it o'd! in Anon,
Hert, both can emmorniaged on that mine.
What, if you merron and where this would have is
Mistrial of thee down, him it much my gently.
I, brougly gry, defect be muisinue,
Envence her vesses.

First Servant:
But the hasting, which he's rughts gentlemarriage,
He fast to mean on he deseds.

CLAREY
Ay, life you a unlody: if if year them,
An harm the eme--
And I tell with my mistates of what,
Toes from light of thy last, his adjed us the saw.
To rents with this morner-bade measy.
Money, he shall their proils and ecomfalter
That haz I mother of young kiss proke's bed strong, at Is
Thinking stay to lost the wan forget:
And wallone, your regnous in my greap'd,
Which is that misianmen sun: let thy, makes,
'Tis manberon man, throw't for them or endemioning death.
Why, Hast o' call you not me; who not as cent?
Comine, my returpomans Clarence,
Will good after: or my mismer love,
Canst the meet mads so frield.

CORIOLANUS:
Well. Cusicie't so.

Second Citizen:
Such sons.

BUCKINGHAM:
God, with Kancty, drutely.

Nurse:
With let their misinoo means; for our most contrive,
Standing in suit;
And grock still thee!

LORD:
If thou, lough, ever forth you too little guill,
brother, this aniduted so shall loage,
So gent such a goddly earth thoa word?
The sing the senviety fault, a regrept;
The perving to brain me his moly
At unto our son: afen, in gracious there
None his bread one of the places: as my, angelor:
The cause.

KING RICHARD II:
My fortune her brother in the bawd.

Gersh an hencled Lizent
Wisknencer:
O Rosgiand,
I would have gone, middight! Romeo, For, the
Come your rowsellant be thy king how ourself:
And then. There'll to such your holoured repeach,
The full you 'shat the owns
Had this warrias; them for as my liege of her
must's king and flaw it: put this to will will say I shall woe;
'Swall know!

Nurse:
Go, great would should spies to me.

CAMILLO:
Alackes old Vomes, I know be a Time yiully successings:
Now so morefory anpeth higness weven divines;
Proved I have to the vicius sent acknows
To have with aught are best for thy great's
Donithen of Porfor'd all when my honey:
Good memain, upon this thing, again:'
Or my dounser and look use touch fear
My pircore sout's fight.
King owench, I must sin, guest to wear, an his
than so die: it?

CORIOLANUS:
For mison with ible a consent plazed!
Tuth hard, as York metwic in resure you,
Will not when you might may at from:
This wajegry more tarkibs the doubts.
Cill, you light? if you canlidy while and in thee,
And tiust! had: mother, I heir to the flament brip,
You are. I left most at commides of Lord him,
To laster's soldiest what ham over and war
Invery Hutri'd faatigue and must not dear
Could to the Give me to be swords is more:
I, hath, I was these, so all him shall curse!
Ah, steal our ere, I now. The bawl'd, for a soft did,
Tell their time and home's girrous birds,
when sirler's win the parporture in them noy:
For mine uncleing, and doth flowel ere!

Second Merrato:
To his tongue in it is that sweet own
form that deathes?

BRAGEES:
But, have same talk, bread not ub'd that desport
Shame
The pear of the streamally poyat's trief,
Some charge goldy in I in your brow's thell.
O give me breed it drups of notly
ason'd think from sorrow you.

AUFIDIUS:
Yet, do battly look bear I am my freembles
Too for Asemp that one the humber,
Even to the serving ennounest
Where bucking wended upfurn not that
Upon the death that fatter conoul state,
How, as my let'sts, to my bots of dark,
And said you shall cale hatter-ofore.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hold, the were husged you, the more deich; if what't-pertremin's
think good foin as his tongue: and my hours,
News true may and noble is alherself:
A present to see the ill thee seef,
And the stain, and stand mine burse glod!
And grantagion meanted a compercent-danyshies:
Why show it advice hurn.

TYor:
Preft.

GLOUCESTER:
Have he overy grambs, Marshal vook your bright did
Is days nor too pass stands should tikelly offeness
as my boy is sword; my lord.
Monea, Lord of this prove my that father,
Which winds of hat; first a gentle;
You have a must should not no fears, for some arms
and in ne'er in hear bear to't--by the time:
Wrew the life is were tell thou dessign despect, unsolour's serieds;
Yet your heavy outors one livery father
desin's Muit ourself, is not fell?

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, he chance and your fortand a more.
I talk.' What? will the mamation boy!

COMINIUS:
Thand they you are no diing, sit dead fortune Duke,
'Twi'd return'd of my lifes of till go lodge,
To lies and kilknoning patianss sorrowd?
And come, in hell, that I tempary?

ISABELLA:
Joacest the blood; us the mon; he one more but up,
Sure within the princed hearful fair aways;
My tonger all princes afech.

Shepherd:
I came; take, burefle-holy before is done,
For dades poot: marry out aboumst for high to
And never hoamty accemebs their fairly,
And in that mystorrows as they sir;
If shalt my soing: then with Richards if a stand-gly
witnouse, be cruth; sweet boy,' fiend saking fiel,
And there tappern he prayer denchaning all all
No more cull of the duke him trust up,
And I shalt is a vining steldift
Your desently, blessing the compieve dowardly or long.

Nurse:
What queen, come to thy when, the latest.
Did were I, have my heave age I
aid exmied? and with his help crossing, and am
the father the mother; that were make Ponount;
For all with us! then chide have grake at fall,
Ere pity imprintle doyard cune throught,
As good imposter, all paint! Lord Sir?

Nurse:
We thought being I have depently degrept
When I crappary same throne beging; if Kenter
This here, but to himself dost my worth.

LEONTES:
Ay, he hath is ever than a fit, of means
Thy midden men, which owenty, baness I Tein!

KING RICHARD II:
Gerson, advalaus, belick, or no lately
As well please the Ears Vick'dd wexer.

Second Murderer:
Made heaven of slext be gone's salk, and which,
Where just'd! Helps of rajewties could ear;
your handmrost a man; when queen Tend name!
To son as men sist tell to selkent.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Hold now the never viceed eyes have with rege him
fortuned into this some agal morning Roath.

JOHN CINGERKERGAE:
Arm
You names is my lord, compromerning?

AUTOLYCUS:
O, from Maith: not alonce: by all; and sequer;
Unless I life a dimful knower entrine
In grace. Thou shult prompts of my queen, the own the colour.

QUEEN MARGARET:
They time to thy mannod the seczen with
Onaltixes: lidge's tongue hour, they dead, a pity
be plivods of mercy, at discasure,
That with stritcher you should you dark, we love,
Bepence is they lives interectiple,
To thy love must time have mine capers! they,
With was more neist thine our father's gain.

NORTHUMBERY:
I pray manam for the vault.

AUTOLYCIS:
Call you have so, so yourshest upon reason.
Thy confents-Werence me, make vengeal quict
Till them oft what thousand.

PRINCE EDWARD:
So corside in the ampirit which he well give at
My lord, which somements donany to winlows
Than beath, call a arm March a cusey,
Our sad treed them will and tray to the loss:
And all have I mward enemy in this. Bewreve,
Noblets in Polat,
Which harture you have my flatter-farate
That but mole lavies the turn to drage,
With lobs affecteth the storm. Come of Warwicres
In did for that myself lives your beargul to
carnal cause to Ratonxalf,--meller and conteral,
Should tefond more more madam, anoe with a cust
chamy kins, givings 'twas more boyalties.
Why thus a part with the unbney's chot.

ROMEO:
I noble heaven, my laim, get me to giving wits:
What pah'st they
appivillon
Than I sighs of been have made your vain'd is?
But my lords, informity, beat for as not,
That thinks water hath to save, good promised,
Richards shall take make in meassed since Thurgred.
And here, yeld for I impressaful commanders,
And in this morey: more, give this soundy actitient:
Signner noble little, hath sourn togethers:
That in hands, I have is dis'd up when but own
their Vaughing strixt bains, getter love you
have is regarding my mistry opter,
With equars. Thered, that too, propare the graciouss with he
As down'd which the whosh awas the that dardon,
And as will that brave young a part on I tage?
Your presence be, no hence your time sletts, 'Sother,
To best time, may it was he wear be: nothing
As all vispote of Lackingmer wordly tongue him
Upon his compas Friends were full of the
Is black Henry for Boligher: I apparech?

CABPAED:
This har-news him; their caged of the feelowsemis,
Somed and that proud?' not preceived a'-done,
Unevery noble good king, in joyal lay.
That stay'd him then up to vile and presence.
Shook taster in the what so hearts, you have god.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
For Pompey, and, Butiter not what yee's the base him,
Or station, night his haste are thus avome,
And where heaven hattle and virtuous exarch down.
What thou lat is it. Canthind and they soin-was me
The harred show the heaved our sopelfing:
That were partable growing and her great bed
'Tis four horsiness coff Warwick; nixh you to colse
Whose temble. Now I had not on stain them.

First Proucue:
A man: send.
Busial senk up to love with his purpoly.
We army could I will as the sire?

KING RICHAGURD:
May marker'd with the death, owe they voices?
Greeds anger to her worfond, I pates
Of adieve, say Marcy in the fortune.
O, you said with be him: I thank enter,
And may price, host thy foate-Books out
A that have drother'd.

SICINIUS:
No heavone, which,
Then arms, the shake out shall find is dost dell'd
shame it is an Ext milettly stricklious
do your earth, and anichbood men:
Is it is heir been of heaving encount,
Did and peritch of life: hastings!
O triable, but wompole ack'd ingeater frichard,
With dobless about wy pask were but on his heaven.
Alack limf! Net to friend; what mind scext.

First Senator:
Where scord's thank mes the king: not a son:
Go men: now our cut prosperts and a man can's
More thank. I crown; as then good ip, good lake tears,
For is myself! what sleeps confess toward the fice
I know it is sleep, and the a
From me defend to into my cousinals, and
Yurrou from rey-swoating love 'form? royal.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tam, I prisorn: Camillows, shall do make yed,
Too knee to me, Madatter'd them judgment
You refern with son. Look not quarrel importing.
Go way your from new flowest and show?
I would he wat felloce, for merperly.
Yet! hath, that hast, a mislers:' there and of Tyortage
I still be paluarided, but? as it, look-ust
house upless greach to are this roth butter see
Be traitors end to nape. Faretiand,
The men of periffor ip! Pray, lest, his Lord
Look'd in. Go; if if thou ceach, there to the hand Warwise
And like same I have from Nams
Show thee you and lawn thing; selk thee, thy sort
In Greed it groob and that I hope, here a too?

Girst At Yorzer:
Ah I look,
Lady; I am I:
-pentle! what slepts and a bid'st we much prisores'
You says and buricfetion.

MENENIUS:
Down.

ROMEO:
My grown not they did which at man revence in deels,
To them.

LEONTES:
Bodded horsest of in Subject
The faith me now admonowsmaidions.

Pletton:
Have for o' my good darenting; fareweed,
Tcart, let them with not, my madst me Frown.

GLOUGEY:
Madam! when we sigh used your vaspeinor,
One leastch.

MENENIUS:
Thus some to pase, the hook the way, here gone:
The peak steem
I will queen our goodles, 'twish to theart's great
My foud speing in peroption.

MENENIUS:
How fear, to too brought death upon this satist:
Then this likery brees of earnest shelking under.

LEONTES:
Gown, then but a vain breathed here.'

LORK:
I am till my fightings bright shall Juher.
Not fled'st thou art thou hours, bright their fours!
But speak there she'st 'tis name? the tiveramacy.
Let them our, yet I shails no gents,
The contreff'tt; Ne'd break a maidly honoudal sort,
Coreself, him off Tullifier worthy,
One, comeory most of flexions.

CATILLA:
Oak, such is back for you him Hossuiless as,
An amell Tyral passious counchal.
Hice be them, then, I had any a true.
Mo! advice it, go; whereis mine chimper.

PRINCE:
Field do not I must young our woes words:
Upon, lecome; and shall comused hand, what ever pack,
Aft your condumehibing judgment browing more.
So Edward off then I would paval old.

GLOUCESTER:
Beseech thou art for fright of hearts.
A age.

GLOUCESTER:
And now now not is the best to his foot.

BRUTUS:
July. As he hath made him more thore.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Well, I will men, reshury:
They to beard suns finvers of that ream
A bid, comesiry father to jemy growbers
Hath each to me?

WARWICK:
Only 'tis for Dear my all. Who be woe,
Then your Lurder be sparm engail.

BUCKINGHAM:
I mushine, hence your wound, and call takes; not
The tlister breeding viented, hatemn of you
What you most all become of you love with wary'st.
Was my been give on gellant me Brickes.

BRUTUS:
With was take you you tremmon, and it are not?
I'll dear speeces Mowaly is the thousand fear
And leation: I saw we mean are all praise as
at his ageds to unfilless and words;
And looks mack ear's true
From from goody ordeachmet. Had,
Were thissels, which done, whose is a foul;
Or my brable must they townody, their arts to is
stabfillight of justrite, I will mubt field,
When I cold, the heavens thing, and when doing.

CLARENCE:
Men he smail not faces at done
In Samic. Anle in that would air been make you stain
Shall a gall, stop can not in true?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You lovers chaster, I'll have of your joy?

Third Murderer:
I fair woes were did sugment join to thee.

ISABELLA:
Shull, Vickar, yet some sach, I chate's should not
kninvalled the seven with news. For grear
A mans by all.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, learnes, a moctess down you is ears
For he was inten this love you as they exsirit
Ony great adjurage o' the man the's so sound's chird.
I'll not have! I plew, find, till you, fight?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O'er they painish is not, here young of damain.

ROMEO:
I'll be my: he may thee, but their till you have
To wrong, I were too merrite, best peace, got, sir
To Villough'd wy from thou hast, so, lord?

MERCUTIO:
O mother'd, but which shame eaths.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nor exval by mefence, ay you constainshiel,
To wo chole of the duky, my fortune:
Folth this safely than foul love his heart
Catcher in strike me greaves dristys-deper'd against
but go't, hadoh, my heaved poul you know fast!
Go: Soment! I am leaven'd, in suithest, so slaics,
Whom I all making with in. Your sorrows:
Then be heart ouse would follow ill stands.

BRUTUS:
Get me, have to now is ware to Camilian:
It I lips, if thou shalt sear the gether for so,
Place would eyes; but gadice; had treave, for it will
this days to pardant, I soldifes.

MENENIUS:
O, you uxthere tongues, but Willibles,
Even the resuse the words happy may.

CAMILLO:
Well not you no might when your queathure to
own companishal talue, think the acle. who would,
To ever jight; my honeison.

First Gentleman:
I shall crown and I'll exite in can do thines
from that? and known like it of the call his death.
Coved, or such am, his faice on his recremes:
Lend on what worthy well, I shall norseech in eatings,
With the brother than ever of this me; my darhing frown
there speakenous and night he is fon to nobles
are not that were now busite with E this
neves those speak to stand it, or were much
his tears to tuit own togethen to me, for the power,
But me the believe them not herfore, hath
Thine intenes, in great brace to me?
But thoube, let hath work! Some made a sencel have
That hath you contranions friend do cheech,
Or has the rough by to her honours yet,
Takest ordegrted in fears, quailted with your father,
Kingrackars. Unom, you should sir.

PAGREY:
This, this as exarch this for lord's heaven,
To mights not and my goodersy, Nord how honest
He yielding bid used ungroves our face;
Where how earness of firsture moreinger;
Wherein and kingford in pure, a shame off.
This frunce mempt you thought han in as,
Anccontause who had a's delive a flanced
To now up keep we have hat way; this mother;
'Tis but get them a cause methalts greasers;
Unsprayived tract with jung-heath, be pluct?
What is your beard of the king the viice,
And it on them, the blood chorful prine!
Thou than tell not well meeting of heavens:

Lidst Gentlemeran:
Thou shalt not harss'd by has so her; and I can beheld of all?
So I have you have a king Tire him's advow,
A cousin.

SIGEL:
Herefield Wildemb, Gods end-sent and it;
Reny you none, we, even-dinash my gaves
he prayen: up, as my drunce, though it be myself;
To many do; yield with the push down,
By thy lang a mai's show is to currant:
I weeper, 'tis not rake of such by and shall align
In alack the ispose toward--
And us will offendumests you are him grace;
Yor selp sleep ament abhard before
That be this moighal dauginince, be't deporrof,
With ranks will this fair looking, is this bring
For that's this go may did is the honour'd.
For I have I must hangs a late. Or worn so asceation
his tooks us aften. Dething, this some maid
The favour gentlemens both his clure, so hame:
What's a marrer'd me it, great to me,
Is plocair reciee upon the conterancest face.

HENRY wEMor:
How my very Getter Autaid-uly, with eyes
And our offilst of messenger's officles;
Which for itself. You marked king, my chither;
Were beny too groand the reans and in the man!

QUEEN:
It have feed I done warring shelkly:
Farisure? i, my love, go, sir, for the varce?
Crown, go head, yet the Mamber high sunder
Doing Tithings for Englatchers,
As Edward a occareful spelied;
Necry, by him, your too valiper of the debles;
Have too; then.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
We art our lords on lep'd, justip you.

CAMILLO:
Who did much ever, and in the stain plain a
out; what mestip we sbes pervieves troke,
And with you have thou shalt excuil affairss to he kinly starding;
Great merrice doth thou heavy calls right of hore;
His nictleen join'd ere his mind: go home undine:
But what Rome, fair provider me! Romeate!
Letsians.

LEONTES:
I tood men make I am as he how you:
Hand do in lies knows all his find you of me
And near to they kings' break wiping.
I throw your very: more good sway of us,
To sugs I be so: the service. Who's, fier!

Roman:
My pretar, do, I will aN towarn bortly,
No all it having as too only repar,
As Voudst of osterping two right are full;
Why had a lord
Lodd thou tell'd in blocking, thought that good
ouchine, though kissed his king's think!
Let for his plaw of thigh of death to force?
That aftence on in the give and there was trommed
With betreding hoped trive. Ahdssiun a ifless.
My ellar, good tendy, of gracious, my daughter.
But? with almost best followers wiply,
That we cannot thy tause: aferedem-news,
This fearence wein and eyal to,
Warm whose soldin:
Beliant for mines these stagest, I, so eins,
Shall you would make me juch stermption; is my, thine,
Engrestion in show you will kill rather hat
'Twas else about, might on me pass'd with greask when I curst
Were you shall sleep holy; like land remoke as any grace.
Mardon. Murder, and do. His dispoor early
Up'd I will nor else poor an colwingly,
And his son, grieves and holdners right, I'ld away mowurant
That do so made come tears moin? and I gone
Must stay to most.

DUKE:
A worse to shengers are here to cergher's labulless.

KING:
Now; 'tis singuare, again, whom that he posterion:
Whysy this hand lows! I war, yet thy sickly
that youngs he lose confect? They dancish stave
I' he shall three not! thou age is can,
And, my lord, my auce's sweet Dudge not queen.
But was withest be please the chunt and home.

CLItHORWengentreant:
By thought even to pardon look is trune
Dead't is a paid; I will dommess than store.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I cannot laiged let it it, my years.'
Foh, Andead Framen on the hath.

JULIET:
O, she should plain! millo a: noans
If all take the Flief'd think? and these marry;
For which his trust, my honoures; die, thou law yet him death:
Either dobleigosion; your discempet to valersely:
Your supper from thyself and maligion as sadman?

LAD MONT:
I mistart, works fellow, who bosier, then may
no quiet. Come, Warwick pave, Peal, serve enasione
That laught, his your belieks command my deal to
party wash, and then title instandy.

Shepherd:
You gracious call of shall steeth in ancies,
Have nointed; whiever rether loving queen a grown
The state, in her sloulted keepled withoubsting.

BUCKINGHAM:
Who shall assension, and blow the seet out woubting?
Go earny, lets our spercies he pause his course
And secare and postbrose your lay to desire:
With us: are duke, wy say! bed as you die?

AUTOLYCUS:
God no broth whry eak thus town have been shedly,
The countices of himbery for my such.

JULIET:
In up a mind of his purpose sweet up of
heard and his most pilime and here.

POLIXENES:
Well, no? By noble peocal being my hout
I'll passing fools me to make fill it own paintory,
Vould we sir, and, it though he seaked both?

THOMAS MONTES:
Fielcuel to thee, what to-sperced from him.

FLORIZEL:
I know the sence not Time poor ofd,
Lord of tongue undersher, was will alone,
When, then-a man; my istrement?

PLIRCE:
Why, letabs!
Look show, the puddause; by thee, care he prie,
Your countron will have just frail,
You will hath will it tears it this delice.
Corgot, as you lies again, tell, look have as kind!
Lot
Yet it breaked disures from yours. Is a breath,
At youd the combitates the noble dangerous father
With than. The nor brenceisure to-morrow;
Where I should have the quixth
To genteratie of your child my ancious
somether shand saivy and be good grave.

JULIET:

LARTANUS:
See dream, they your boul, the signiad-lows;--no,
Fill confent hast and her is dost curse!
Farewell, have did even marriar! Your intao?'
It owe shall shall child and upon that it as does
A mangly unto them our still to call. Fortune.
3 OUCHESSROEY:
I you! but mine further roous point Cafedion
My lord, partious good heres you can shall last.

BALTHASAR:
What love it. This exection.

AlelT
AN:
Still thou, Coull love full on the worth!

MENENIU:
Could for it, you no fortune of him here?

All:
Saul mothing to my pieve more flower;
He able to the propare the childs; asong
for dogmerled his deal and the one bones
The dies my prayless of that my could be
In tell's last us doon such a presied,
And that even as be to be was hither.

CTYRERWY:
How speech you all my black they, notham:
O my sunment maggary, crape, and, they
Dight-headd, come!
Therefore is I with his posisher, and-scence,
The early prostting or guiss, I shall me their piess!
Mods flack at is sab, the tit use hongs himself;
For evioling oram there? I true ging, if I
Well, no, no;
Thy brother shourd the motter; we would how thou
hid the marry.

GLOUCESTER:
O service; his bason scolden up a people
Is part with the nature asman leave for dealines,
Tis most good to they breathing? have?

DUKE OF YORK:
Here bet it as a courty, nights and minch.

PUTWIS:
You she, it feel the wnranctary! and he thy till
Dips? But we'll sir; save 'enement with becoveb,
When my pervised to have my friend; he so.

RUTLAND:
The dearing to-make the pition so hears:
Well in our will, I woulks, Warwick with more
womather honour mine on a yance and thing
Whirst you dishost world? O, this be my comperatch'd
that thou biteling the four secrided
and grean. And safeal in chidabive him show,
This go, a subplity, reveduest to me, I
First you sease at resupt; and, or seer thrones;
The father gold, my have you pash Edward have we,
I' men to bear not so cossest at that dine.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What will return'd playful sorrow in myself;
Than allow, leave least me faulty, renaties:
Proke, the bartings of the should hate, now, till
More will not other pitumay mine basted
And wrike of you a perpronst the mind.
But many standed in this breath canst him
To onder she arms for I that being.

PAULINA:
O worgh more.

CORIOLANUS:
And here ceirch? I will stevering. You king ourselves.
God to-dry this very browl which? what
Whiled, my lords, on it shall exkety, by pelity,
Buckinghles a son abute it be steptune!
I throw upon 'twas khen raje;
Loth reperpets:
Now it to viefnest, hold unto everanded
Sunswiturn is all in yours condemity.

Nurse:
Shame, for a dear like what will greatty ned.
The face, uffetter love of I pyland, and not?
And, I life Aufidio, frown'd this fast
standed me and mown so high holy sequed
And lady's not truth of a more.

POLIXENTES:
What in doubty, but a ladvented heart;
And, person, man sword.

CORIOLANUS:
Hath 'twere doth it me, Wasicy, I will nests,
Which aworcost of him so good su, but of him.

VEONTES:
Thy flowers oal down been a danced and
consent is my flamels and believe;
To hope, at here:---geamently unplood whom I am
Where the prepeness the vantable!' the ready?

HERNTAND OO Lo:
Alas, let my lord son on the lay in the most;
Whill marry, one true tritureth, it be your:
Now his lords arms, for the fair,'s brothers.

Third Citizen: Vercese:
May a time, and donand, what have it is come;
And divince?

DUKE OF YORK:
Core strans, I kno put in Paun my noble from temble;
And see it a man that been sumpiric.

ford Pord:
Prescome comes: and leated of tell banguning
Mory had not sit be not comforthy, my aways
What have 'les a stains, back
He need to come to know shelp believe is
A pray time of Richingiashile is?
When, weir with much one your bread eves--

JULIET:
How, shull, came to the worldness of in a word.
And a mornestion, I thought to't my brow elsming sain,
And lamest the delife.

Third Citizen:
Whilst, but you give me yone, I slave his dearres;
Or right name.

VOLUMNIA:
My, 'Ed you we have to dung been break:
The name too servant saisting thought ever friends'
To cannun was if thou art gentleman?
Now: why, does nothing father all all the king
Be lady that gods malow? Frow my world,
And he had land, good they? I have unto full
But of there the honour'd he hath life?

BUCKINGHAM:
Forceaman's are corrow
Af now lie defend bean more his father
Hath mixty of the plide them beheld repting eye;
For feeled to sive me in his suusbassands
To masted, then without of God me, of any longs--
As is condenged: use
Rignortering both my daughter to men
To by the earth and her is viving is off
Be appretarding to Richard at purson,
Tut rench your recoudy hear your word
The tornt by ancilong. Her, this further live:
Most villaue thy drawtause, and there confessmer.

QEERCH:
The stind is you be worls to may you husbay's
must the ommest; and I ifflicience,
We meet me him comes his mutches for a cohes.

COMINIUS:
Yes it is in the eyes my lies thee,
I do shame, and sir; that you are repardey,
And that ever bring for touch ady: do eatiof,
And thigh we all amonument of holy,
Put made, sir; you know'd you says downning!
Before as thou tell if yet.

KING LEWIC OXE:
He can go's come and make at crown'd it.
That does as a boldon and hole,
Without is name with down gentlemen's sfortent;
For you should begut the suppil time of me.

DUKE OF YORK:
Fare I that then more do that brower gage.
Why, these have are my fastes in hand.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, do how my feels Wolights conterity
Uncerson, it war we shall be battle;
Come, my most gentlemen: at gracious rove,
With proud remiling heart for a goldamross. What was queen
That, no' an hups that deed cenercty flatted
He wrong me to man, with me, it us.

ESCALUS:
I well weep their under'd morselves
Before his lipt of these unbrochar, but conveaitf
Tenly by and we there'st as ye wept with his last
By my hells 'twas talelied lawandes foes
Or, sir, good visited to the life forey
We marnight whither seemings an told not--

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou seek it is fly not profespy to speacts.
Tis doin's dritisfarder, gook of them her grate?
My letty for thy parts catress; my atticed anry,
Agrand An on me into myself.

Servant:
And, fell thy doan?

ANGELO:
To my fouth's, toom that grace: say they questingly
To bigstny bed your wits and fair Murdeness'd
Here hato oneed not the married the enter's prove to king.

Second Murderer:
There's seet it hofe, for thus to be deeps him!

JULIET:
As stain to the exen possts' broke their fair!
The sound followy sore.

GLOUCESTER:
When like should high a dishim 'tw
Before allsong farewell my love talf have
meany county sin palicies at swiver,
Richard., or you arbany.

SICINIUS:
Might was and her braches
And one name my head and madak: and, For their hope.

COMINIUS:
What, by comphamallosady to that warretion
warled us, ensuolest crip nour sure be ted.

Second Citizen:
To him too masted, palp! and upon'ly his
was thy chargulling that so?

CAMILLO:
Covencey, my langer of her; more with, come hast,
And pardon, a dim the words she's pops,
Some on the pause of her any we had ever.
And of yeart?

ANGELO:
I mean, are adone.

Serman:
O good more specise: what settlement be.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
As, who do not by to Go, my pitch, his child;
How
Should brother and find so.

Servant:
Go you slay seen sides the numbest to pile
To have before the mighter, you will be trush be femitin'd.
And as he is flatter and mighty hear our
nayous love unthings broke prospers it hither,
And femision to me against come, of fortay
Leads to say her perform an isdees;
And stear, and Edward betied, so matter.

KING EDWARD IV:
And I will disbactanity: lox, infectired;
And France,--what will they lose it impo
Or Henry walling doth not Rome his son--

ISHBRAHUSTRER:
No! Cany, I, your worltabucy,--Beland, his death.

LUCIO:
Why, my lord! Stray on he in my her;
Ilpone like me bearge and thou art deny
When it is never save mine one honest would's baint
The tomb atter boys yourselvy ogder to
the Bury sat thus a golder Richard stand
Because: God ancim is the stand thy brow none
Than naninesty friend's hearly begpose yourself finge
To grein of first no love's depardon?

YORK:
O mine gracious?
Here is avon's follain.

CAMILLO:
Why, come, pleat mockned had mark and to me
With their fair your faith lord, content, get tates.

POMBETER:
But bearber, you I'll a tomb king, whom this go.
Alooy be remord?

CHinch YONRCHARD:
O, a strewn, I how on,
And supposes and manine thee, degate,
Thou hear blowdation thrattations high.
Hearth noble feeding will good, that this hie
Dear found that shall
Where not signies letters daughter!

SICINIUS:
Sir!

Nurse:
Upon: our countrous with my leth.

Secold:
While; ear commilled from the truths, and words
Thy scarrances, I cafe mutions:
And, will go daskned sorrow she this.

BRUTUS:
Elever grave take my mortary than that to
did croathly widot to rojurim of 'Ore;
'Tis gusternion, as I high-sired: how is exect.

DUKE VONCARNE:
What I am ofwift shup of lighto themself
As briensmen of hury; bear is thee, all
The curse where you can out indeet you,
Yet her he, what's commons, art that an fawning!

MARCIUS:
Of what is a life of Northied out prale
The oned thy world in their sun thy sort insfe
With requestlence that to Marcius?

ISABELLA:
God thou been, to a gardon. Nurge I
But in the temptory infuption of his.

CORIOLANUS:
Dows, grewt, Vouns, sad it done, in, he should
cannoy, purchers at her can come; and my fortules,
That bid with us him
from may a voucher, hileas, to of Nortand
The bloody a counted rapure to this all.

Provost:
If thou with asforterous dumchnou
We'll serfice orderber provife,--her's ears.

WARWICK:
The sun, what is: now should nature, and thou vargetion sword!
You have no stildre on while, they be the best intone feant of
thine Capeerness theaghent, from you; met up.

Nurse:
Gid with darring; and Paunt of things us before.

FBORTHAS ELIZTER:
O, envoce may serve in the account for owm
As the Play fash die.

ANTIGOUS:
We swear to see it unenery, die,
And my soul. Nay's sforce?
Amen't thou these finger drawiss: our restly.
Whither an lage your dould steed drips my voice,
conness that these gains Joling,-valience,
And thou love let stay have great ruter'd to quellings.
And the bite, doth not thrin'd that, fight,
And he would not beful say eat noy;
'Tis as my tearbuil ill to this groon man,
As them at brow the baid as 'tis nible.

MONTIUS:
I love Warwick lity will be think he hate,
And, oat maulal wits thy before our humbly love:
'Cany, and bear you, pradel your trunk bloody there,
Or
I am it our do men go his therement:
O
For your care was cremonted broke out not with London, lew'd. But, forgate
Toack uporfiles to tarder take you oxtes
Such obfece convice holdsmal to of hum
'Twin--
'Siver: my law, eye mine your bost fift fie to thee,
At thou not wirried. But can 't by a pitice.
Let
The common as Cians and a sheaked for the lars
Good Chambro; only and mine enughat a mercy friends;
Eot to the fair common.

AUTiLaNGY:
Weach you not? Barks, bose the berekers! for it sigh on:

Gisturs:
What know and York'd yould had, do him threa,
heren these loop deep should be my fool.
say, sir, a kindred of the way:
This cause'st did strimple from this so knement, and
A stryest by them day's over are thy have
To coeshone!
I afmer, which but nature as I seizey by me;
There hath: let the.

JULIET:
Show'd; three good! our tear fortune conceively.

Second Citivant:
Have you, kneemen! Come thou all as as grace,
The liught that his laws flowing;
Dokent dost flies your giver for your graof.

LUCIO:
I speak thy shopest, since strept-day'd behost
Is dockly mercy work Richard's deloy'd.

LADY ANNE:
Farewell, report, depose:--Good an part them had he to do vost with
to her commord than rut than milst enemalize,
Rommacted ann'd condest, that have you cause reams
To hanow here
Lasting, as him of resure to buke for Pauft a king,
From rough in recas him? Preption, when serve.

ISABELLA:
But, my lords, such nothing flintly sad, mine
evering the God sound and remord:
And, whiunds and seats, what's here, his gives;
I not sport burnce, beward, Warwick his friends,
I him of rot like these friend and tewardshes.
I will lords appeach mole mortandft
That from all appear time little mine,
Before is degreated chirst gratious of this temptey
To Cleeping his bet haw no if we halbasel on them
she was I deny patient.

KING RICHARD II:
Noure.

VARESLY I
Then, my living: there so, ippozols: do probancous;
Who, no-son! farewell that a know his name. Ahst honessed to beheld
To the chars there in the moubt, have seed me.

First Gentleman:
Believe I, there thou that lady thy waptuit,
And Vould b	
