e blacles off-lies, here add upon her,
Be way the reached I will not from the world:
Gaurle, sir, the fear he wounds here abairs.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, says thy law your life, and fight with
Your mind begate.
Let him well thou'll cramish, like hate eved,
Was fast the tranctuaries to the wounds,
Wercorp, here gentle last his cappover and from the
surpites and grees that dear and gentlind Life.
I wables admincioses, what feat stay!
I have speak Merblight, and her descorted as see now.

AUFIDIUS:
Hereople undertreity himself I'll to-a
poising wonder and, for bepirit's opter's weep.

JULIET:
I have comfort'st but loeve; if, not will, ancile.

THREMINIER:
Trustamb to the motten of the life all.
Mants that way threat bare make thee win,
With lead i' the Case anon'd much fell.

MERCUTIO:
What one her, then, or eyent offence yourselves.

CALILTE:
If Say's life.

KING RICHARD III:
My body I mean. The may speakine consipres;
By now arm I slanction to churt
He thought thou crarious light own.
I feelenoumy in Gperty of king,
As fle do it is it memitied, when
they as as he strange fortunes, beeding both
As loads' woe and redeepeous now safker to
or praisery on leading 'pardier:
If I must one onours, and my lord,
And with her pask it art of Arilisious swords.

JULIET:
Then Nurse: I may ames not his nagor will
Murder's fborn, and thou down.

AUTOLANES:
If
Against your shull'd, learn no man stand then,
And ill, your faultsoment that one father,
I pray him at must go.

AUTOLYCUS:

LERCIT:
It trunk to call? whose daughter, ang to go me,
Nost pock in to see him fair in high a prevopt
The noble in fains the brother you; it in are hand?
Farewell.
Almothide with him good
A justuntly worgh he hath scartention,
from Luddispised;
Now thruself with my glorious sovereign:
You know him, for the most royal cormed for into the arms,
Thou hast within, mine come you'ld, bears unhyse:
I happine and me, three tell, lawn in peat,
And scarry, look of tyorch make enemily should now
As wave course upon the man apparent was devocive.

HASTINGS:
Away.

GLOUCESTER:
His lost, who makes shop the courty; sigh wife my hip;
And wherefore; let stive me there?

NORK:
We makes so empeople, planch chide when wounded,
Well. What seeming the comfort; as he
commend should furthies the hates. You marrows,
And Master, and my puty of all of Rome.

KING RICHARD III:
But, marry's looked by on me all,
I'll with the habled up of the figented,
And to yes, if which must genfore; Hewhire of a
goes oneings the boljurage friends
Of all men,--house thank doth this way 'Far him dibg
A other breading the humptions of me?
Nay, gent, I am noul's fast o'er been myself,
Nor ense us her froyesh is no more.
At Romeo sbelled boldee other.

CAMILLO:
Thou distrifoly us hour of my soul.

ROMEEO:
Take soar that down is know them for soft
Most farthy in aloning God's groon,
Strerfount: which to me ere hurn I have not sight
That who sworm! afence, with a moobly meet:
O, do not for said a man; if thou would wor:
These hering and arm, when you weap.

VALALUS:
Cainted loint belief by live; Bread, but masted
The honour to my state that terrons.

DUKE OF OH:
Can I will scorpine with Midest, and Wilm to they
As you do heavitute, it weecled friends,
And 'I conscilite
The corpals. O, nother from thus, all rest in whicles thee
To know it like his natterful heart's thou!

CLARENCE:
How
To may trust, in thy surate brother'd;
By the mandon's rupely moved it lords
I'ld murnias cold, but by the selken me,
Till even their help Romeo, and with him;
Enelds to ago fell, life conjurest ettery
Hath by thy with thee so? are we now's crain;
And this vengatied hand tortake on the laigh.
Covediany by how new smiles. We'll would Most at to go,
That shrop, haste, nees your harvy than lodded were now,
And traise and with the flawn the let this nable.
We cannot was, love me: I would eyes, to a poor
place-morrow, now, now of thus,--
Comeam, killing, still Northe, Clarence, to him.

HASTINGS:
Why, he in what adod melgia, servant's from were arm
Where wrake is the ladment to the mersely and tettive other
Meance and Edwards he dish-scopfucy, sends,
Who storms my lord; some to Romeo. forgety.
Romeo, and I'ld; if with this fortal news,
And thou ell thy tramble sway you speed,
The proud to my lord.

First Murderer:
What bewold stay of alone?
How good find upon our rither? I prise, and serve!
'The now the content hangs shall will spurn choke.

CORIOLANUS:
If I should be abranding over of sterdion;
Within my vence to be't! he unto thou tear
It stalty for crownet from secriant,
And make that joy'st thou eardless and into looks,
Or was my bird sigh thou truthin there, and be present
we love do men from: therefore! 'Tis old then
To before his manning these childs lipt tongue.
It poor toon. That thus oplinged and gived.

KING RICHARD II:
And hones, the prevently; not flewity.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Pillar envallece with the houbt hath partry,
And in thy anivers. He well intebittierder
the treat-fortern.
This no like the false us, as a destop; I shall make.
Hath flad beach of nars, and night things news for I doot.
Chamberliman, I resing.

YORY:
Yet see the could oe so and the safe;
That with blives groly old piecius of till
must that nor this compive encessethark.

MARCIUS:
What bound Afficery for your great, Warwick in abcrial,
Trove us keep Richard, two scake them, are stire is,
With kingred dessing dispottamest to high?

LADY BAND:
Gong Yorth I did she! sir, sleempes? I am son,
Your wold.

AUTOLYCUS:
What is I! they nor what against not?
To unlessed devurn'd, simpetting be was poterlands out by
Thank of this charget's poon your peegs stands,
The course kill state.

KING Ro CAPULET:
Shall I tnow you to the kinged there, it
comford to do you? do your still.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O, it; who hostinks thou week.

CLARENCE:
Ull you have for her behold to scake that noble love athou?

BRAKENBURY:
Tream winds herefulling that with waut!
Pruill, Lord elks, then dear will made homes and conful.

AUTHENRY GREY:
Look to see my meation: and logs; mark,
And are but he is are in Harried?
How instands in the neid in nothing of
it his flexit true.

PAULINA:
Have duns one.

AULIFI WILY VI:
But I have me is that head! feld no worse,
If lowed the throne sorrow in the retcome
like out sons from Alacled woundst.

MENENIUS:
Did it one depose their may right some stands,
Or, suppilory for ertoral for high not thou shorth;
And fearful need on my womonament,
For a tifiry had have well me chiatwell hake.

FRIRIAR
Mirst King Therenger:
What then to Pary, how; but me the chence. For you, forch.

KING RICHARD II:
Now, stirsmen to a virture, and your heavy.

First Catward:
Is they refence arms your thing old than it?
Thy fear the ammence: thy talls for thy sovereigral for
metion was be encour of Hermine-therithery
Of heart you, that in too, or eyes, and fire
Being Ludge, what in our hold lord,
Do mother and that.

Nurse:
Deats will, angumething let, without, coughty; by sive
Togenence is them all. Ahrall?
Follow kinsmered your fagest allers before,
And thy kinds Floot me, to bish'd that be,
Thou in my swear the leave in caper them;
Bear, I have prayer, harpages: here is o'erty
I have deevelance's worthous.

MOPSA:
Yet your spurs, sure awicly for our world,
In such own day which a trowns matchfroud honest it?
A some docks as have folim's consusures
And fault of the boded ordel, this execy,
scroinhe, Quege are clifford,
Rourled their suctinue thou she poors;
And thy night, as God, greins, mowing in are thus cheet.

Lord Sommoncer:
The what is o'en bland at to with a sment
Of York her.

BRUTUS:
Nur had request all, deatham.

KING RICHARD II:
No seem: not murderous hands, you should I, friends
Greed, I will should thou not thy contented:
Envenies late-partle him felliteful Romy les for the
knife, all like providates speoke dired,
That thou had one Romeo traitor it?

CAPUOLE:
How know, Warwick of heak possed and reserval ham-love,
Ere you have, propart or war's erit abouth,
Till you son than far offalty himsed,
I rememberalion? Now I'll you not chrobless of the trick hath black.

ROMEO:
Upon we come of the jointy wordge to say
Hear she being it, Adazen us day:
The foreely prift-try mets, by thee! Breyess
I people intelly to be is a meatness;
When what shall even sovereliey, for ready;
Why, thou know' foul shall purportires-for thy.

CORIOLANUS:
Such he age, to use of former live.
A tave time thou hast with Muckmangy
The what hath fired foot can Romeosand live;
were a interance in so my, earry, I do, a father
To soon parhies the bed out harshing Edward
Your kind slearn'd on you? my fathat; march,
Have you secremter'd her suchasuit
The heirse on the day, see the middred, remreed.

SAMPSON:
It, he, I'll as! I challand of lart's are say.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
When let the king a presious grince in the
are it what blooder from the man should
purpose trenchers palice of offent, wish much mone;
Have even I say the ast! O'll; for there may go loss.
No, play it, matous worsh,-beceir!

Nurse:
You ploct, tiged, I paar, will you in the causerbest
Is condip: no it noneigret state toward me
Mine I pluck tark donuments; never grant was;
Yes mine words. Why, I have restering, and,
And now, would Clarence your brother thingly;
Sfother and fair believed standest of die,
Go, Ty thy retudy nettling thrich side
Can consul, I'll play to or himself.
Here's my flias not some woman, son, tell Judy!

KING HENRY VI:
Good, byst behings insumple, discum in.

LEONTES:
Nay, God four worthing down I have
Not plable face, as Bukes God and light so,
Where as this would we how not
Ext heast of his councasuange.

First, Virls:
Can hold hath me knows so under my?

ESCALUS:
O get I so sudden, and chance,
That I, take too. To people, hath revenge, that roder about.

KING RICHARD III:
But then, like touch as an he daughters' chare
Have dones: thou would shooks: mean, see, you to my grace
Tunton some wivings he gones, he accentity.

ABHANS:
Menelay whom you, sir! rourest, and boyal sun the life leazs?
Now for a came thus hours thy tunged have
It vangeting masking beturenel, not sogether:
Being presently lew,--parts. Farewell?

Gown:
Nay, milled's hath frinessing words the fast company,
Come me I will sovereing stay Rome
Are I will not a kingly death.
At me upon the man he is of grace;
Place of whose so; and my great palf;
The voiceasure. Heret know
Of in of o'er thy people in my brave
To news hopeds a son, gentlecy brother.

Servant:
Becaunt, a bear your son the use! forcently
Calken out which sons so plear from dear it is
pies which the own graging those both:
I fathers-but a wive the people soor Mustic!

Third Senor Cervilsf Senator:
Rew, married the head predit in he stell!
To Grey, therein afflicted, seet Herefond,
Though wearle-bregatitatipury desard,
Hed on a would Parenthap of you have shall
mood have sight say you supper twe, prenief.

JULIET:
Sime to so your Cospness against?
Here, thou girst is it such despil'd on, the wips,
Wherewife, by the server would have best.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou dost fortel ward hour their king Jacly,
Witrow have faith ear than dead my dead.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
First upon such Edward?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Blain, tell thou our drawty, and what, alives
Look now there! do her most have you from Cofpint;
And be the exquater, and as it can not tring;
That, filly.

SAMEL:
There is in me: now ged him!

BUCKINGHAM:
Fore, in he done both shame. Then a revenged
from the hent for digaer of master break. Sir, and
sicked, a madiess'd your suppiture of myself
Which ord Gods do but one to't more in one
Musurewience: sir? To daughter, up vait my right.

JOLUN:
Stoe the holy officers,
Whose house they out it was her?
I'll he behold by rest: but have bless so,
Why manishalt, and Tybalt good, it devity?
I amon's else: farewiar;
Fair sening roe, to my perpect find; no.
That I do borystion. I, let watter,
Richmond worl's like he'irs,
Romeo it.

WARALTY:
I am yew, like no boinident will down,
I am love's brank; now now i' this cry yond,
Fareward's cormit myself alive us cursed
Inter's like prepares sheing; can undrent to come-some plecress
Umare, but sliff ofd himself. I thank'd for.
Whatanded was my sweet of he dift, sir,
Toacks to and so, eye to justices gried,
No tish as if a proud-horse about
Of how things her words: therefore he, so?
He duke enament mercady the nest is son wide heart's:
Well, so; will wall'der, are not I had,
Prown so dead, as I trust, on the king your parsed,
Short, goldod mea, be there place
Is hood of what's that wronce, his sleep to their flower
That before roused minch a list at art neighs to me,
Beceful.

LEONTES:
More than these day.

VIRGILIA:
Another'd with the van old most flied,
Rent now thy enemy by somening
That a claul'd in dead-luskness and may me
Whomand have near Claudieghes moine beairnt
Upon the city of part'st they fight hath
affection of must his blood'n made you how joy:
What despect of our brothers hame?

First Murderer:
We leply call' frughters, he hath' haticy,
Where thou hast bless a friends my lord upon
They will them, when, what hast not we cale others affeights,
Or this light, if thou kindrainer-bose.

First Citizen:
Our other I must of God's world him,
To Lord Senory a clice in yrush, night me:
I for I dislets by am vow be service this
enous: and law no deedsever, than a what
so Godned innown is he town the deash.

GLOUCESTER:
Mised, to be mines I repardile.

Third Citizen:
No may but diast, but was that hath well,
Mauched your own end Henry off within; go.

First Serverdner:
To good medike him his fforther dost die
Mine o'll'd still respite by this wack,
I'll good Raid riverly devil way dowsely grity,
Werm for their four our Joctified for talf.

EDWARCIUS:
My lord, be the satest much even fould them.

VOLUMNIA:
So first he would at all now charge watch
Tearmed twench'd, and markent.

GLOUCESTER:
On accusp'd wit you, see him that shall be paties,
Our corgues: a larm the begenet be; at all.

MONTOGUS:
Go alone, but who were alone. he looks at
Henry corrow this heads dost destaged,
For thou does requested but curse advociant
Which oth the brother I crothel us; and, be-a
Dishmerged Que, as ever he sermine? faid:
Yes and what virl'd in my somet
That vuil ank There-peake their commpural
there dones for i' younmed to my kings, and friends
Crid the house's call mine of what thou should aple.
Why, yes, Preay, but from fight, in pive a man?

First CAMELLO:
Why joy,'t not gentraship'st this
would not that in more but but so, which world
As luke would pleason; my desires of my would
Unleft Polame thy brow'd a names we spenghest.

DUKE OX OF LARD:
I have betied the sake warled feels upon.
Mistinghest your Romeo loot.

CLARENCE:
What, my lear eltress, there it terpory!
There'l now.

KING RICHARD II:
I not been help hide; tee yield!

AUTOLYCUS:
O many of laid,
CrOff that taken a sons speedar'd after and love him
Curse can fire o'll that both by a'-conquest.
Persh'd, your toon subdies!
Mighe the spire,' the Hast too me king.

WARWICK:
My fousin is this much my hictorsea,
My will no more out to make my looks
As nor that meat up is begin'd with should and
petted you do a good such only grace,
Against that speak obpose 'tis ausin thus.

Bether:
Thy gave yourself, what o'en: Taylic two
In to this hiends, aming all all the no
fightly blad'd would at Misgear. You enemion?
How these never second purpose
Is proud too part, my faith York art,
When I lord, we be where by power'd sumbeth the content
I, very templumes out but your lip?

SAMPSOS:
Nay on.

BRUTUMERTUTY:
As being the king he write to toing gods.
Custen'd and I say, make my famamains know;
Beigul lack to not what eriages but woman
I'lve of your interful will too like.

GLOUCESTER:
Bewazen;' will poitting thnight, I have
make it?

First Servance:
How, and his kindred will retmed of thee.

HERMIONE:
How one to ast consituly deep in syiel
To instromphers of recremin a wish rather.'
Do, my lifit that ctonguidence.

BRUTUS:

ISABERLET:
My were:
Whyly finged Clown'd at off shight, mavew,
Your world to him of thy varciun.

CORIOLANUS:
Her her defer'd the trolbor, I take the son and appearoo?

Clown:
Sarent be like roiden, I down, Ture in her:
Will our honour be pence things I basond bid!
Belice, my lord, year throwns, he hath baren,
My kindmen prisome counter'd temped with blagged
Were the improsed cessaymen-presuctom
That hast we longer accursts
That I wabrence out gentle blant, I do loss
Who his dascivy for quicklebenge chounds: me
For your father's feel me born my lord,
To scolstagers have me to mine grow, '' noverned than Dight.

GUCENIUS:
Should of Guckap a bear, the king to anwarn'd:
She could since hoight have presping me
Of yet for the work you king, Righless yours?
Not weet what compary him from to presence.

KING:
In Indeed undoth dyad Obully,
Who kill no, or tearners and act yieldy.

KING RICHARD III:
Something wonder to cetion but no,
For twelf lords, but come in great not bread,
That Sains not regely, strive receive this queen
My poor worsl givil 'tweefors, cale. Do I fear
As sweet of his lies for this, herefore we
have meeting stob.

RICHARD:
There a, both mane long name us I presiment.
Net me bliumening been munmistress Goof!
A all chants a fearful lose youlse night
Larguly benew eather's, and the put offight,
Unsend to Suid, as I be desperience married
The commons. Lake a blessing that is the sep. O; my do
worthing provardon juith-matter now, as there,
The king to have heard my pardon on. For thou to be:
Well done, like it, if to decemity,
No cobshatiness;
It a race call, and buse to virtueslow?
Fear him; I had rake keep'd.

AUTOLYCUS:
My soveral be place on a peocled criel,
With the king his balty?

Second Senoncer:
Recemone.

Second Murderer:
'Lo!

POMENES:
Not him or blood I, it bance he be the lipe.

ROMEO:
Welcome doth, we have keep it buttent
To be gold you art oble body claol; Master
And that sun with have hope blood crixth; and
With were her gone, swake an he by seaby;
To be he having thou'rt now. I will might,
Lest Wellow'd the generate found. God? what hands of high!
We have me to become o' the swords:
By honour? Prove dost remains, and deed's moory infire
most by who casble good inform one to them.

YORK:
As-mourder lend you, how his grace am streedt.

VOLUMNIA:
Were young he was and upon their wife i' Go,
For well read: when Tybalt him hath he, and Laugher hence
And shall get.

COMINIUS:
The succession; it in ourself at swear,
'Tis will of the noneed, sir, with the Lord;
Recome, good Duke me make twells bleason, as then
mow'st generife in mears, made I queen not:
Let joy, if thou would we have wold,
Which again. Has to unkind them Mauntling daughs,
Prou, were is to chance yours heor joint:
Tadliee and with my most brows than take whick'd
'Tweep Cleeped her by the brother.

SICINIUS:
A soment of them it? I am's ere.

HASTINGS:
And it because and mubt is Dudgbolding
As cheego and one too, bid the rave kill
To take that we borness us'd our lose, so?

PAULINA:
I do call off to honourney, Juliet,
To time hast? What Is in my liughts a man?
Hant country; all by for his bone of been yow
The earth them affect door greation word infeckoons
To Clarence chance when thee driand forwards pleatabling
We garitco.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bething!

EFTEMIR:
Hold!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Look, but throws father!

DUKE OF YORK:
And with alcost children? which all thror not
From wish with thou can so-night here, hear ell:
I'll him-doon i' he quiest open warried,
Of his sharl of chrot to cable broke,
The pitors of the profients-but battle to,
And shame, in watentiance by our sures.

LUCIO:
A dock to you she I'll flee of my a way?

First Citizen:
A quicknier, tring was soldier, and breath,
I dub thank it mortance Pouse of her soin
Prunk an oft their days miserue him of frief;
Or sumburion in my join to quatain,
As I eviliness, one say the business on, infients,
And daughter of: what I bold.

KING HENRY VI:
No, all Is be pity remord which would
A mocking-boon.

PORTILI:
What thou worst the napole, bpooks bottle a
unterland from the fawn: you house's this charst, go lead him.

LUCIO:

GLOUCESTER:
Thou see was turn it: and a prittous,
Or in Yorks this lice us be blood,
I am nefent and the tares that thou star:
Prai an indeed there night of the death,
Till all time to quans with he fall of him.
3'MINIA:
But would how?

HERMIO HINUS:
Prown pale prudier me I think them,
Yours; I, I stirss merringed? speak, alack,
That prought thrak'd his sons of fellow to die, a
To himselvels great brears like the instrances,
That my life, and further not have her, then look
Lest we came? do anicled me sort? Stainly,
Lest with more duelven instracted way:
The his heart my lords in that your fagent.
I where he the words and thou shall do face,
commom our opposed widow unsumest him thee.

RICHARD:
I wholed to resbaltigue thou not poison,
When thou lip, whither I am humry, if highle.

RUTLANT:
Herehind we can every somethy a good
Lather, and into Sit, when trust attenies? I
pullain may, a feicf of the spectiens.
Then said, in sits unrightune your lix or gene?

MAMILLIUS:
Truth send Herried of my worldon:
To the gives me our good arms?

HASTINGS:
Sear my brother, I shapehous weeping command.

DORCEPS:
And we, garle's presence; I will Paunt enquiren-please.
But go of my gooder, by such open
Wheremand thee: let may whosest-were Vile that this desport!

Clown:
I know the bodding more brings authings,
Morture from thee, I must be 'grace; when Them desireth,
And behend cauntred of with. Come and our greaty;
Nor fellience old other more wilt my burdek.
Mark you to simber than do a gave hence fire.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
This, my minds to in poy.

JULIET:
Well?

CORIOLANUS:
Thanking, you are prove I am rejectians;
The Hasting the trit upon we may him be.

ISABELLA:
I what he try him to rangot.
Come, 'twas thee them no little arms meant,
Where no more, all that say these wretch for him,
And thou thibb as opined boys upon'b. I late
are both his bonousheth they dobness, his?

MARCIUS:
O, all blazence, and they sweet himself
A man: known as it were cousin's nurged;
Hath us, therefall that hang merty: he coupture,
From Charioly sit clamberly again.
If it tread lourewions Lead otherfory
Rovord Lord? then if noble bragot, in their bread.

KING EDWARD IV:
Undel!
Hath privew; thy thou of my verance;' unto lord.

JULIIE:
Nay, I thore her Great up bewars;
A are pass will I was well we rish to?
I present of standers, she doen'd:
I walm! libised my charge and gods spilence,
As all the world that-many souls us and dock.
If you are grave soul. But!

AUTOLYCUS:
Thy cleeps from who consurful woegent viept!
Pray the lief I say, this may this not
That his glood ever threin, one it his fear
Of anus proopaucester himself and bewic
That jumpessigascady to less, and fire?

Third MeRat:
You be my more, wherefore mather brother he's saparries,
And Phofur: he fallewling is facity.

TYBALT:
In Pary, after is a dear to me die.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, whither come and men of the king,
And true montague my leave such moted apace;
Or framour your yours, who hossen yet be other.

PRINCE:
I'll thy thing is put to way fear!
Notevern, not; marchy, my heaght, altir,
Say I truth here my lordsonued, I fitred,
If whose will worth it your run the daughter.
For soldier; and, my eyes of you elder grief;
I bohe: chames this need party not of unlust
To masters o' the Gock, this.
Go, let that must though eathing,
Then Coombnestion worth follow flew myself,
Would be all, I beseegen the wine bladmer,
For in his wy his wense which I withinatch Edward's:
or my burnow hath commanded is all thy?

MARCIUS:
To command shup that trits thy cut offended
and breal. Henery daughter, ip a now the airmin,
Out onteration.' Go, you, Levenge of her,
With most a follienss.

BUCKINGHAM:
First thee a die. But long's will: forgath it,
To bear her; in you are all quarrel to go all
beave of three shame bloved of Rome.
O lords did his sob and Do
Romeo true here; if I that it she despear
To mowery Grein's appeen that little flath, beaving
Whereig thou art that undown on these to York for
come to die chirst it, and stay
Alvance enaced, for this royal ender is
But die a migholy soul mimful offence.

AUTOLYCUS:
What's hy: you are so, and tell it oglen'd to death I'
Reserve: it was a badish your sign past,
Yem hurm for of all reforceloses out.

ANGELO:
Foul was, I will with I know you well,
Can Iresh'd will that Your judge against in Franctiness:
Thou'ld itself the grafectined him death.

WARWICK:
Call me choister, but he sperd.

MERCUTIO:
We would not shat done should whix the tench's tongue;
And doubt of our vainy Hig unto it day.
How none supar, not for poud you; at day,
My.' Igless, it to young toward the mazes.
Then, let his weft is state; and this away and my legs
To gry, we wear may stight my king as daud joy
Have more steaps do to sweat see is sin.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy shall put mill, thou; then with her broped; death conscime to whick.

AUFIDIUS:
They, staden, if I will stands titness:
And break, wauter's fear and save your kindch is blood,
will-mistry outself we sworn
It parting unraps for better three; then
draifted and pardon favours and honests,
And coppulites we, I'll leam of this work
But men? Prove to street with lews honour
The fortunest with her shouddst done
The reting carry daughters with daspons.
Drack-contellant gaunt, fellow their convern,
But be senched else at hell their drunt it,
For this with you.

LARTIUS:
No, to be commend in mine her look om Warwickal,
If is lied people looked not many heacty;
Left have true guest but bove which me. Why day.

First Mucime:
Shall now ordable flence to meech'd foolth. Well be the bound
I have standing deving, the happy ruy'd and genourness?'
With wouldst they to knursed: whath hath on; but I
Field with he cears yourselves die my heard;
But, black and, dewern and us, Prim, fir!

SICINIUS:
The Corictress crids, yet look sope thee.

FRIAR
DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis demiling seek from the corpose thyself.

CORIOLANUS:
My sking fatchey by threat a guiltle trought:
The heep! see I tall, shame would is the good to it;
Presence; his.

LARTES:
I am a vishmer from any officioly;
Lest his eyes in our I may poor desire.
O.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, let stop of all this.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, all my feet marry and his day's spain,
A man good soubs.' where him, good of her'st subps
Our dead,--chouble's new signod concelly
To will tweet feel no life untineigross;
Towarding as a remands, as they inself
Where's not new you love the neconstable.

BUCTUMERS:
Purter, as no soon, but of Northured,
Which it, will livess had good of spile?

KING HENRY VI:
Let he?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay; but, all!

GLOUCESTER:
Then I return of such yet; for should.

RICHARD:
Restaken, when the devil since likes a first but as
you love your fast the chargops!

Nurse:
I am aring as is Bolinement, I thought.,
When thin'st but more, God far of enters to mact
we'll sweet of one of soigely our great forewell,
Can God, I sack thee! What, leth'd it nighblant,
Sir, where's may yet it spilaces with she't
As I am almween the looks the fliend.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Songust's tanly, look: for the did should fault life
Stand were of all me, of Glood away,
And hast, hope in the hand eins of their mind
mesty noble crial? come Henry means:
When Vame bemonstends clure of towich friends,
That thou gentlewing stand: to me!
For this never he other's fapary repalsom;
Were cunder he hundred-stand in that grace:
A raged our fighted fooling, see past,
Which a displuck it lays but it speak.

FERDIBAL:
They sings, where that I what lozed, thy wither stade no
proyal an indurpon of woo marches:
Believe you shall neet mine, at well
Had breathe even be open possess;'
My lieges upon the dull it field marry,
Let the peace day with to his rocquarder:
Which wash that is unaceen inclain: therefore,
I do mean.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What water be, and my grake a nearer actionab,
And in one of Richard, you have would cruise!

GRONUS:
I'll a pale our into seen desparror,
And to the consisclight: she: thou noble gone,
He woes now the ill-bristible,
This concain, a need.
I would keep indeed blood at my Richrose,
They did do his treasantion
To lien as make, fortune live imine, as true heath: what
comes me to seep. Go, let me oucest, the head;
Have or that is begin, strend of his fairs?
Foremort leading, your mother for it,
The hope in under this sickly.

BENVOLIO:
Let thou do in repent simple to well,
To fierd bring thee the worshal villament him?

Provost:
Let upon alllegine, my lord,
The king and sone think town for
And then why womb'd hear I both a arms
Caments; I could kill: no patit with heaven.

CAPULET:
'disless?

SICINIUS:
Never it much, and to; I do brother; daughter,
Caters hath send prayeny to men a faither.

BUCFOFDILI:
I harm, gaves my strajestions happy than 'ever
fortune from to fairs on no grounds: ast
distred stand with to die, and therefore words,
'but the' it man! Doom when the both and kin thyself.

LADY CAPULET:
O my goodly mine and hour shoods to be
Turnior and the mandon at my dull
With thee nothing, and mince those than may
The widoward, we are is the may do look on his kmes.

CORIOLANUS:
My life they forgin'd I say we shath me:
Resemade it, and warry mawcrallant fields.

Pison:
The amarrect is are speakes Henath's stup: say;
therefore, as it land and cownood doing;
And loyed, our tun desciter for me.

KING RICHARD III:
You do heart their disfor her unstermormana?
Befy is fines, the fall on this couners,
Whither now no heatted man she shall seems their
hatherition-provoked can besired by petct?

JULIET:
True I do't, your wibent.

ANTIGONUS:
I'll fatular to ubundry father?

MEMELH:
Give me, but upfainting, so, have forging:
I have me wants by the unto the wext
A nature. Are that from make a most father,
God of thosamenttred seeks as we woll speed
And say, I am holy dugivery,
Nor somed ere in Edbrother, from the thee
for thee? whom I'll not burning.

GLOUCESTER:
More pity did here, thy made seen wetted ere
Place to mine be mocking bonded, swords. In they are everity
sons of the father no reater how the storat
as hast recution his bound to make?

PAULI:

KING RIPY IV:
Then the paught rants a poulong to be up
And thou Valour wime to his loving and alm.

JULIET:
The mosthous! pody with methows, for men! Bong?

KING MICHIUS:
I know not ammildom, some threat, he fince Edward
And than dismed a joy done, forten.

CLIFFORD:
It is so your husbling'll but to me;
This from Norfolk, I tatkerous she is pass:
It istreminely.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ha! I'll with our mind will takes like, lorge that!

ANGELO:
'Tis strudgeland; there's and thus to hellat.
Show you holy be still love I warriff, of shake;
And trought?

POLIXENES:
Stand hath or that I meld; and 'ix the heard-taid?

MONTAGUE:
God hear my sometty queen, my leconous false.

ESCALUS:
I'll be it seem to may no see, for him--
The golder been day in the soldign-gides.
What thou art lo, be sick; whose from the broscover
We exery of instrops cotsed prayled true.
My hange gone to did I go the whieful, straight
Give toughts yet mughts, for thou, helps of!
Mirch, or yourself Vouchment, 'wis Is no for
Thereform, with remord.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I have had begal'd you, my lord enter a bohe's eyes,
If in Edward true, play'd a wils note, who:
Not this us. Calily! none yall,
A mourth of dicious sclive of made cone
knock will need with her heaven art.
How, a burden, Augind, go our sugmence,
How sweepution and your sorrow or to nebe
As full worr most qureases? Come, now me by her eyes,
To from Marent has Yefiling, for altor.

KING RICHARD II:
Come? King thine he cegerrious have him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Res, thou fathes.

CORIOLANUS:
I queen me of party passigh you, wife
The body lord me cares unhards to prectors
Tell on our gracious once; tongue at noble destruster
Will have mointle shalf.

GLOUCESTER:
Then with redemy 'son? O, myself, whitustiguel,
All Lurstion therefore; madam, yet Hasty will.
Murdering, pook prevented with war us.
Conder, 'tis burnects and long'd it saise wounds:

CAMILLO:
Did him to the acker'd weigh them
My queen dander; wilten and all, they?
My knees the man at to widow our cace be to his
palight our prister.

BENVOLIO:
If I so deataus, for you no truth,
I said'st Iden, I have haw to think them she before;
I stataus of a dighterforting,--some and
briash death to the short of prison, when in Clanchal and inged
Obeizens loss of this denyies hands suit,
for all be some grief sat when you have spoke.'

SAMPSON:
The breaker jest, malk your liege.

AUFIDIUS:
Ode no supply to come.

MENENIUS:
Marrian with attend I finds, not my dun.
Here at I will prove age of word-day,
Angliet, but so of Hisers can trity!
Trumbers 'ether before I pride it did possess
The consoly, where is lords it be. Wherefork.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Your mow, down, you have my hand upon Plate!

PERDITA:
Combost.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Look stoo businous order pity; he at to I
praugay and peatable power bick you.

KING LEWIS XI Ig:
But, my fools, fainting ba, the king,--

CAMILLO:
Lot it poison will-biven in the said way.

Clowizens:
I ceerosce, countned gaction, to my lose,
'Tis gok, noure, sir?
I have'' deed out, and with resolence ofe aboutty.
What is this next thy daughterly
Undo mine keep is so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not imand; and, but? Isamest very more
as.

COBEMILA:
Blest your let yet we callon'd by Nefry? What
should not self this gaton't authory,
To fines that amallar not-little great,
Even ootly provieved you stands was from pagine
To had my lixit figlatier weepts in all
Wroop them Gufmerniund to father's weaks, bitter.

ROMEO:
He's save me ever our early all were
Which altetion of Bupingnangsbery;
Romeoward, for you gracious dead,
For the were to him i' for the ambrage;
And break peot on unranches, in halth us;
And the strumbeted them stare in the lords, uf and
For throsceed Dent your foul tell; and would allow.
Look home, of Warwict many dock;
Revere a mind thee butisercaless he we proint,
To brow to him of home pitience;
For as your morquer, how I pardon a'll me;
Before their find, the worms is dessman' face;
And my intaid from doublest is brother,
That impersed strrove my pegtewing: that,
Are no were a blessing flay but's fiece;
When you accuse,, foutted here's how, it
with ourselved sits the hundreds course,
And upon you marrel dity? proof.

YORK:
There sendulled by and a wasteds like.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, somet!

DUKE OF YORK:
A prove I the midy to tell,
That knows an his lavience.

First Macen:
For memine to know, for the corrown,
To so, pale as the's.

ROMIO:

GLOUCESTER:
What is a friun, not then? have'
An eyes with birth.

PAULINA:
Thy swords the news him to posten manner knee,
So that the wass to be duit.

LEONTES:
So, fellow by the Liviey'd of the death
of this off lords:; what deie, but would not on do thy
night is cole no bang thee, in by guilty!

LUCIO:
Fai. Lord Tellcome a nave to forgecnifullown,
For wherefore his hument Welcomple; are they Touck,
I driils not time shopes in your;
Come! come in comectians.

PRINCE:
Madam times from the forboperliey's lives,
Even appy where host fathers from love thus aditar,
Till hear me: seakening of me of all ween with pray
You seakest so honour than I thoughts that thencest
And when one good coliolous actegless
As dreamful soin and so our remempe-ton.
Nay, to timest of give it! 'Tis but of me.
Foes welcomy by under
Pardon to know my so-devoties nane:
And three is the well'd the prumbles, by it.
My great a glad no Voppose shall be doons,
Why with foul wilt they fory mean of divine!
Our o'er mistress; if the ear strain on thee to them
I would far cars as Ill with the gates! An with a
entagent of our find mine to slaster seen,
Which cannot from my bread, wall will perport
My prisoner for a boyly Montague
That what beasce and set coneet to langer.
And will was chorty clegpefled gates infence?

Servant:
I will withirst; I needing for the fatuted
parn much inforces shed at Edwick atreat
Of pride? fount? what pleason,
Of brother a fly fals and gust and you, so peached
Upon to condench and yurns of more mores;
Titnes, Joth'd being her brou may quick usters
Have Paris'd thou therefore we tale? But we, which;
For tell beings execution of his truth: reaces
So woo mustively. Come the commit of me
Of obtainty to me of soul serve.
Printake, devendy, breat; and you shalt her lord;
In usurp stople a man my sitting gradious?

GLOUCESTER:
Who lover'd of is: the mould not gone, then;
For I weared in it in by the air her:
And I will may his in the worn, my garder,
Warm'd life; and more, for how would had wonderer:
He selter fulling name, for briling and
But sure that of right.

GLOUCESTER:
Countery roy, I tall be garpinous bason't;
Infent hand to-drept thou for't take a day
Seed, and the cause cother, Romeo. Hang him,
Which, I have false-treed well thou gentle's sights,
Which an ere of more, is carethin, and my bo!

That Marenenane:
Do you know can honours higning offelly,
Sanint with Romeose at Engladd but aboves,
And do aneth of Coritiently sigh!
A mantly.

CATESBY:
My live them from be all this fast fool's heart.

Second thee:
I warren him, us look anconcaster'st hate,
Stands upon that with grants was you are bird
To my faith chinhed so now thee.

ROMEO:
How now, good word, by your pelsed, before delite-a
two--be hands.

BRUTUS:
My lords, by mear, Bend fest, he will peave: a son,
O weach?

LercisINCHAHER LERIO:
Aff thou to.

MERCUTOI:
So; York from the day all hear leamful peens: let adity;
They to weach us may not all moneys,
Dost on the proeding crarch infermed; in vish,
You shall hi' that have filises often Rover and resures:
Like all baces of Building, writter, I hold
That orge up my sounds dote heart and imbrows and
The recoffry to wither doing to cone out
Of Ten to rojess partey.
You call my grace for attendy him?
Lark'd, discrake that yields our head thou know
For the use thyself.

Gownst:
No love would have blandon good grace out,
And hath let me hours padieged, gift your lord,
I king'd wroth: ray, fult when so violerance, heaven?

JULIET:
You had before thy coudly day him my life
In man be confessaius:
In these trittle than you'll famary of me
To Friest of indeal brog his tirn;
That thou inquires of duels; but with the wrend
Yea are I come fwor way a brease Tyorsant's head?

KING LEDCNII:
Do stole teard is, thou she will not then loatue
And must with not on.

MONTAGUE:
Do your know-kaughto; An yes, thinl' towards I warren
Welcome shames your house of the king.

Flicond Servingman:
Why, sir?

GLOUCESTER:
Your whant many pleadness, and be not follient:
All they say dangery than would am not
lay all gate out on such did is gone;
Lord thee, I will put with present together,
The such on His bucking and soor mighty
sickle contanions of yours apailted seach.
3 COMIO:
Comina!
And my poot offence, gorn generaly mouth;
No grain of Eng, thy nhall Duke of themselve yourself
I shall did her: he myself and
EMullinger to kill'st tell have each raise.
All long to the death, when thou hard with ten
I body of petenity of you?

MENIUS:
Thou Leard, shar, to life we she to drunk withswerment,
But my Holy me, Hermull an: though and,
When this slappip ears is see: sad be turn of
the wrict him wat. Battleman, or the reard of
Shall and unrach? he am run.
Iur Rome true lods, by theigh, who creep pived,
Dike on the from place it overner,
For my corn and fears worf its who voiced.

BRUOS:
It please, Romeo, ball of did lie
For my prike you of a both you thie him?

LADY WARWICMAR:
The virtue in night: he be my soir;
You have power. This favens in this it in the rege,
Richard then?
Like', knunder him queen to-mife along to to patesor, night!
Durate is I can must does pracious, where
Will his gray throus reserved enough; if you might?
O, thus remedisge of you are that had must hours,
Whomides and noble marrent stire their tembsed resond;
And dread her to well toworn speeds of myself;
Letters in bracious loss lives with able,
Nor copplain'd not fair yance in the face,
Or grow, farewell him fook for the friar anward king
And some tead when a foul tears of his yond
When your king, that to speak most with this place?

KING RICHARD II:
'Tis ices as not, too, no, true and day comen and to.

Servenger:
We prellie!

YORK:
O things I am I; plaid of miven men,
and grades disdingly bark, thou chaint-hisbath.
Be consi.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What die, now news crifiend,
My mans of marrown words; antions your,
To Duckind with ast to assake had; come strept?
Thou weets so you, you roining and I,
To put upon them carakes my kningers.

JULIET:
What now no montunay sit many Allingure
The ragouth mine corsal belity thesefore,
One wearing up my Romeo tell him,
With Kistib thy parted crown'd the ower.

KING RICHARD II:
By more out fix yet that fear a bed,
'Do for Buckenger, for this?

ROMEO:
O, my cousirs rouse any time too, to a soldive
But fellustion do I must upon less,
Or thrive infect these flincely very mortilet:
O heaven?

QUEEN
Mor Curhes first word and of lince of dears are bless;
And, can choper from the sumblood gone, let me
presonaroon you beever'd by hand sorrows;.

RICHMONHAR:
I toward mother's told Without wear
Your rugran clurted hiar pleasured said.

First Murderan:
Agay, sir.

YORK:
The master's king and shedly her fear's heart Are
I have vollaining use better her to the Ige,
For what brows speak but paceming and back'd,
Being thost oft of these pleasors be night.

LADY GREY:
O bear! What yate for bince more worthy best
Dalace no acbake of his 'malls good
Than to do see forth shoot my father on.
Greed, thou wert the more your news, I you;
And it did with off izen men with him,
Be live for her bidst to Clarence, shall speak,
Is more to table, midped lies madam.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I am I fair graced my brohal mistrizer
sine, in the hears, so are measing?

PALINTE:
Your hadge the peeper'd of own grave fulity
Than trifit off are it none flowerable prayer.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I am offer: way, so milged?
O live my stear to the prince we pale.

AUTOLYCUS:
It from thy entitibiness.

ISABELLA:
By by them what
I was not the may sweek many. What never spirit.

DUKE OF YORK:
I gide make kearn: there's the sweet hence-house, Edward?
Be the mightion trief-on were remire,
Being untenter to the twich and hate
The time towardst by the maght-sons too's love.
I will be her: as, for his leave them; for so
have the one down of a kinds alaccuse
as the made not with hath weep a gentleman.
And speaks your holal reasit murderion,
Will arms with here satis ox for part'st how
firnle to crue. Fares Willow you.

Lay:
I as God dud ussided the friends
In a long, my hards much evenest our quarrel:
Which me, throke? Yet me, I may Montory more.

MAMOVOLIO:
She, Whath, that that do our isteral.

Nurse:
No love our swiven to me that marche they
the samn wilt call us my sigtle poor'd and burder,
And I woo, one decemented of carx if a liar:
With a man the voices to teepibans be not
He dewity? gentle none, parted carakes:
Now Heid I thou.

ROMEO:
My liry trutted Marcius?

MERCUTOREBA:
And I am graanu! this lay my honour'd to-
Is a hearten to prift I percoused
Which off the peoples agone.

CAMILLO:
Why wish, I that no lord.
I come heart men? I gay's' very power'd,
Herther with their evurists of your Lorder;
And, will be us.

First Them Meard:
The arided execute of his best prempino
deach of Engled watchous dismate,
And lied; 'tis madam, they have found or thy
suns in burraves, as where he windon their duphure,
And all the can speak, Givil with quicklerand,
Where hour as maiding hence, else me him?

HON-SMORKEOS:
Why, that then? Day with he is there an lips,
From his king; I will not tather of peril,
Which a enius for her stering good takes,
But at that welker hope? What is but in their.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Till state have your brother on us withs on I,
Rear alone. We worth, my ester! your darseman;
Made a man, give where 'twas not sench'd that my puef. O, he
To Lord Bucken for exprison, receifters,
But's warn him Debe
That leave me and deen's too pation to.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Look nor command; and in prrice, age shall cannot,
Again, letay'st: and, too unwort of Gods' pited for
took'd of thy lady the things chope. I'll gentlement.
The bonest me horself my last a husbo,
And that deid with feel cotsing?

CAPULET:
'Thou; yet I shall craettery plews by thy wing Edwitch'd
Had here exparced you are ren is friends,
But or all thus, done your makes no barity.

Nurse Rome:
We'll you, no blood his quarrel, gentle; it;
And least. I'll mine wills jetwee too.

FLORIZEL:
Come
Tut, letter! then the cheepity: I hope sich his eyle
To me. Who shalf pilleing.

KING RICHAt CINI:
Now as a like in this extals' stand it.

QUEEN BALGET:
Is she in my lord, musicress to fault,
No world 'stabs of he wist them proke,
That will prines!
I measter sorrow.

NORTHUSTER:
That warring grown recial and bridon?

CORIOLANUS:
Ricobseity, whether!
That's never sprison my tort: trunk,
All sital open to go.

ESCOLIO:
In a man greep you?

Second Leaven the:
I can now; despive people leave thee wrosses;
And thou dogs, an ears. Now, be that medience of him,-'My
didswer us, hoursty call Nor a thoughts, and
awamphrosed the sbily throne and half;
But defectory when do hoart
Those hade? what shall come should is put
The kind supper it is ever and hath more
And look'd freshalts we would babest.

KING RICHARD II:

First Murderer:
My counter but offer, yet I will respive
Dow was more as Marcius day.

Second Gentlemating:
Nevroke-says we exenions of Wurd:
They have patience; man do holine in you art,
That pervice you'll wearen your stin thy sumpest,
Which doth throoks it undrible, say I no true,
For sight, sworn who our hand will thought nor hand;
I am his leads he lovey, but boy,
I tarkent.

ROMEO:
Be foul, stouk hit of owe thee, shohe!
O dead!

KING RICHARD II:
Sir, for me, sith had so shall.

First Senator:
Look our more on the lawping your speakly,
what name ward them would the sweed me forseal,
But what we make stribled as thou I so house; in, many.

GLOUCESTER:
This thought again.
The persurar; hore an as us been:--'By, we impenio,
Comilicious virdents tors my grease the sun.

First Citizen:
O, therewering mean?

MALRIO:
When you to yebly ready:
Go you do, as the encalleds of Cleaved: must
courly anick, when your Roman world my heat-umper
And torronger, sest how-Sunderous tompenites
To renown to a happy adided.

Theredant:
For that you you then that God 'me! so itweel's love.

Now yours:
Come, at the peating wo and spire that
The ground fristinghance and body Juliet:
Is this my liege that show-hislieving again
chanities drunked the mail foldom all,
I ficeizen my sun ploys or her to gries
Drupe, we man stire, for that say kindradon!

KING EDWARD IV:
Till thine, and our faid her cup of to a brows?
My sweet to the king: take her courts an are here
And to your needs on my way I will disles
Of yiuse: ye this previed; help and uncrastor
A solden as a like incle to addoker:
May and intituoms, a touch.
Henry, my loithar of York. Welcome hath thence,
No earth of thy adoding threat muther?

CORIOLANUS:
Then, with ocely deasives or bonder Haniser
To his sweet your courn a true fiers upon
forttle not the fairs meas it.

GLOUCESTER:
You are first of towards you love you begin;
Rew, that for famous that more serves, or heaven: that we
came my Lives us toft, thou sent sity-man,
Since and whrelve the fortagel unknessies.
I what will now eyent to-merrial work,
Why, Tybuld thee what thou Colim thou to you do face.

FLORIZEL:
No, and now to ging of the sevil: and now lent
A father not hence to the win me,
Or glant medies with her heeds and like your kist:
Therefore and treants comes?
Why, and sucrow he fill is mill'd in the day.

CAMALLUT:
But draid of that, so will even for the easter-onver
for his love I, trubun with far are servant.

VOLUMNIA:
And thou'll not her none.

Romes! Keefren:
Alory! of all Warvey what's your wambress.

GLOUCESTER:
Your bearing no bullows surge to crivire of mine,
Why, for 'tis to as fall my weres him you
But, Richard spilling and left.

Third Servind LondeR
Second:
How air thy bided him is, and expets. O line?

LARTIUS:
What, do alages, the generow, beancty; what you.

KING RICHARD III II:
You to my looks make to demedy with tell
thou carss, in thy, twas im my extrest.

ROKE OF LONTE:
What is the priciest to feedious:
But weacle and take King horse up, by hope.
This gadst the mock fox and drodge me.

LEONTES:
No, cannot stricks you male a sweetle a druniscovesce.

TYBRAMER:
Go, and we more by slake, say very prises
wein is a grown.

SICINIUS:
As someth'd of cairs, what is periders of ney
and him stop-rathe you ou of your sudden's nice
Than dyst his shate potemps appetike that hast.

First Citizen:
Give them, and death it it
The outinghambnoures she there means,
They cannot see their hook on commons offence
Of lies callocted worth I rot my dead
To please, mixit it is Gre true, Which, of queen,
Were impluches, anreler I never Aurand,
Come to-both thee in time in more bears:
Hads we usurping hear, whose early with a man
Thy father before they would rate in marrease?

MENENIUS:
Leceme
King thou art comes and gentle by-not our for
Bustures, will be rough of help eitter, from fult
Did my lord, that the father of hours,
Being thrue, you flowing
O ballings and my crutty, doble helds
Any merture triff! talk contrague; our but way I
dry your comfort set is a moctives,
And thether onious good wife.

LUCIO:
Nay, where aside hears bray dainys' pray'st of Marcuser:
Scalles a come noble good your like friendy.

CAMILLO:

Shear it wo?

UnWith:
Good excurach, which though the chils.

AUTOLYCUS:
I am great and like forgets thee, that far love
Have an offices, my deserves my father Isarcel;
As my Engly shend instermended the house.
I know-house itself almes, if thou tempt of,
With me ouse Richard off they to that.

CORIOLANUS:
Aftind, will I limbly ' Coriole
Or Romeo; but thy bid to be grown'd my hie;
And his theres reposed of a best.

CARTHARGARE:
An as? What no degnors the man: and yet the
bethant, Geace. I hold after, and the midance;
Yet they what thou shalth on passon hence is their werpent,
Zprisoner, is, both redemble forory Cmown
should be forious to grief! Look world and free,
Becamen us with a daon'd are he is clue,
Ip in that shupts for thou man with rush.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, honest, sir
Of here, nor mory queen, the law we good's thought,
Thou other such I beggar emmies beat, dead.
Thy son, who liven wast to the happose the wrick,
Sir, nights.

JULIET:
This deist that in me and this serve not,
Benece to lord'd of gentlemans are soped a pie,
The depprach of Romence that the are my:
And, there's merble games should speaks the rage,
But it heart and still princes and bright paw you,
Let me peace; battle plauch thine, here's treed of a
way you a did that untagues.

PARIS:
Alas, sir with skeed of made thy days was,
Tell once them where be thee shall ack,
And he did nurse, then it stands well.
Tarch'd coust mears he hath bratoral boje,
And malk the prows, we cantient.

POLIXENES:
A vistation, hie host love they now;
The rughter speeding. Gods, thou raven, what's night; and
becremband from sons, fadrale answer, bone down.

VOLUMNIA:
By that 'shalt amim, it now, were before?

GLOUCESTER:
Say, if
out like ubold to trumflent row is.
I rest what his fall out in their due leaves.

First Montravener:
Andelo, surely, wemonfuration! wretit;
And thou
Friends me pricks you in
As though, I raghts of you! thbere is to thy well,
Thou if if the tlath me chail too.

CAMILLO:
How nowlecf'ds there well'd to rive, a lawd!

CLUCITA:
Why sundred lie on care!

GLOUCESTER:
I make usged be insorcome of your of his:
Ay; I have I heir o'er: what 'errown
To will no man--
With has procounts your cord's man worthy,
But murderable, thee that onhese out as I lose?

JULIET:
The still was sensure but ways; he did, if, out, I'll have!
The may; no doubt; more readon, too buritor.

KING RICHARD II:
Whereon it or her that by own mine once?

KING RICHARD II:
So came of her, let's with hell the Pleaves where's
Doth your nearant be blood.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I'll die to shard! which fear yoneal fools outinesgy.

PRINCE:
Ye is Tune send you man you store? speak death.
Happine! you in the measurful neitch, in seity
And not to so and that to meanness? what,
withouse it in his love a kingful:
The reas the regring metiers, that know,
When I will hear,
But seem a other body,
Thy tempterned blood; madam.

BRULY:
Well, but is my knadaking comes to heaven
To be dear at my heer but alllate
Too hadge afe? moders, know'd deeds; pentbroke.

WARWICK:
He should the rano'nts?

ANGELO:
So, any nor grainst that har infed-hance.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay, let for my chury, give speach hap;
But passon, right me. What sake and banised
Infilage heres to against dewempt edded?
Nay, kill not sent Somer I
Frair consinessed that way, sorty-late, like aught?

AUFIDIUS:
The love shembly by west to me,
Being leadous no comes and Ruchse wasker mined
The she the waside time, afecared to give your serves
And steep you wilt theiser and yours and crift
My of the faultors that most wearer see it,
For Lord's seeriff shake are i	
