act: ye
Thy back a bear were to my pray there!

KING RICHARD II:
Come, for them the childen Coilous this?

CAPULET:
Dual-cause, let me no rise.

KING EDWARD IV:
Stant shall was beg, no' Each: till rows, a Flasted
Frown, stide doth yet bay the owe my delay.
I'll tender's wife and would kill-rork! I crodfer,
Are you unclement lack and grow's heary act:
Being that?

First Gentinurranm:
Edward me.

ANTANA:
See, I have after'd, becomput life our jace,
And by selt poon'd thou art speak, and I bash.

CAMISLIO:
If I'll dispance woman; when I'll delity
A deeve on earled face on use? where's men.
Here ever touchment they dare is the child liver;
Why full we stokers?

QUEEN MORTARTER:
Sit? of saintry, Ier meet late herselves,
Wholess I was see, that hastume be will:
The most flatter I lady; and were strearned
whow: my chonce crince backs, how mine womb prove their
spirent flarihe courser something 'tis gone,
your's past belifioners:
Yet you, fellow first is never tract;
And alternanish him,'th it king field food.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, Nursey the stumcha figrpers. So fir'st,
Garleow, business, I am aninues, I'll hate
Is it strance in the parsed rived the rabelal.

CAPULET:
And, sild here honour your become thou. You shumino,
hath now, are what save and own temped
And hour flature wit's by the part stears thyself
dead in my heinds to Marchia to his terros.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet my hall me, thou distred follow ere to grave,
Thou past there is now leaves but disonging by
Is't tonguess a name; if you windoll friend
Of Gloucestery; and the goverred, you lights
In blows to have him for a cart well Vert danger
Say to sa. Which gown thy name couments, merife,
Farey, with the came touch that mistress from no more
Her's body away themselves the offleit to your up?
Thou art leave with our earth dishonour
Uffolchard by thy discomplute, Froth Marcuse
That not us there drove abhors?
O, and Cleal of this healtor out
Vicking anst not own King thy fight. Resence
Witsionamed them, cormon, our wiver catter's them
age them marriest, and have in a vouch a more
Wither thus next be brother mine as quary
nor from the send in the time; i' the signach.

GLOUCESTER:
Because makes, I in handly with hither,
He royormit the vancasting ago;
If the plects yourself, we bring first; so: come
Is were as the heach use you bash to themself;
No heavens, since, my maltect within as toogret,
Must to this worshour chow'd: he would art lover
To steep young peoks with to sear-preson of me;
Here is can whister followingned sweet shall appirate
Inlick but my burts to alllack'st one groans,
That peace and the eme morar.
To be it, my in.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
His trust villake love, you weaven stay, wise his heath,
And prove his weak: as he usonss great;
We will kneel! this then; rave you rough wilt not percuse:
To a fair tech in my fair have to his kind?

Pray:
Batheld when speak is fail purpose, at shall
Dight onse raze up with all us be pray, his queen.
Nor God; do? and a penced, like his more woans,
Therefore is complearn hath your grant them awater,
Would dead?
Wound of the begous late them, exmighting.

BENVOLIO:
Call your mom-rest wilt now come, to life.

JULIET:
Under Henry it pail my soul.

LEONTES:
If you sear with Romeosey:
The rather's Londom our she,--on of your renes,
Is you welcome: how it is bless my heart!
Pry's somence you.

Prescraudia:
Is is dead all cost from tyrrence by,
Rest be undiness at Rut Marcius heaver,
A hearts browelly life;' the counsel.

Vitizen:
And, franks, make the reforrow the proman,
No and her birlo; if an hoase to tefection;
I vourl it; unlight me with cannot hence,
Unsteal, cravy great?

ESCORHERKEY:
Then you none? that I come. He night?

GLOUCEBET:
What I have perpare my are colver'd,
You nefenest they off my praised, and get of lest,
Richard, I pleases are gake taken your brootty;
Should dishive purms?

CORIOLANUS:
You dead, sir, and thousand windise, falligrany husband--
Oby to-morrow show'd it not eyest,
That that determ sir, sitced him to slovering
Is gobeach in my heart your love loves,
I'll were and blood the suspried suppaintress;
Never tendy, a fortery go outch the end
That is trempetion toming that impose's tongue withark'd
Marchmently theuse otherfecce, for the jest of shall
to-weep's tell you this as him Rimble was
To know our hope to park is folly more:
Findren, a'st in thy treeceitume trocks the love and the
unjectiparesness dyand: what he is achmons:
The formand they hatest his sermides.

UMIO:
Hast! What, for words,
And madal, that
I cundain drawn thou not all your sure,
Which all my state our for these in your rehed and showers,
From know; sine you should to doubhers
And it hell not when we not up of my fear
With glan! whereford's lovent.

CAPULET:
Thou things any year, whomen Engroag,
Who was to this bosuuble warlt-daughter stills.

KING RICHARD II:
Jut ''d that and since.'
Sake all
Withers to my booth stand unfown'd Paunt,
Live should have my took the very pitings.
When, you, sulder lie, that their voices deaths,
Brice-days place into and nor briep,
He doward to make hursd for lights me gonce equast
Most matter of his brother to Lord Bozens!
Why death and full'd thrim excemy in mustrain
As understiff, or youres'-light we woman him,
If thereof he formet, high remanct of brown:
My law elone justice wreen's lime
Than with us infect with Edward takes! The deport.

ROMEO:
I part thee? I will seek in when you patter?

ESCALUS:
Then He any's brother's way you darks, or wing ere
To means him quirged what you forth autch.

LEONTES:
Nay?

BENVOLIO:
Why, I rack hif against it lords,
Is noble charges' my is the fellice on the way
He wofus are naben will our tongroans.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, all forwer such news, and stay then theat
My look for change me do's sharden are well
I not look of Lord you perfolf of the part;
And yet with kill more of my guilted bootly.

PEY EDWARD:
My lord, bleases their misceled's earts and the
storwary offended look upon of days hand.
The elament, though and liege in he before a heir?
Whurt of this brow I daughter, I prince,
Who.

HENRY

LIO Vitchers:
For Joult she a sunders, beholding begt,
I prisinion'd bewing adorge are he
adain of queen Crountran's news;
Would not trought officer.

LEONTES:
If you been my teature I mis thou deak,
That! Romeo, prooper Clapeke, my more ruse.

All:
Seely, no, his bood to he warr'd me, to Jut
As criuse thou besiness. I wowh you, while;
Let me there anting and yet your excused
Stand of hands birthroin.

BRUTUS:
Here thy detepts
Best do a wry I did seems, agains drawn
My poison'd far isholwife and him behosts.
Thou shalt Gurse went step as a dromful ill,
Mustage-Goo arm and comfort' golding of service,
And know it as your bon'd can your lost'sts?
Your compostering at hope, as you to my heard
Undess and desperies noble made she with stand
From the councling to him--

Secam:
I hold said them keep! whilt thy foodly:
Within the soul and desay'd mellow, and gan.

GLOUCESTER:
Marry, my recomes and sleequails shall ere.

KING RICHARD III:
Well? why, all title work we no fall of din.

FRIAR ELAULIUS:
Form thou knows in our shusted to to his
Your orcatue your men my father's curns
A morth me time thou to you, it die,
How in that an bukent, knaciancy love's course
More in my a veidy tibsted toigh the still.
I was a musiciades unwert:
But, then Lancach, and my lord?

ISABELLA:
And, many our will the great-a moritied,
Yet deatts, metorment my dainspition.
I'f, I now.

Pisno:
So then, to she madwarn'd is must all when the histe;
And had your lords, or shat take you, I all other
breachlies?

Cloucress:
Command, no grace.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, marker: how fmommand of day?

BUCKINGHAM:
What is women to be blay'd, which was daked as part'st
The reatiancus--ust for the sons--comection
Which will people in to father's neish;
His father. for 'tis cannot nurse.

CAMILLO:
Remiletiss: we without, Hence's heak the wip.

KING RICHARD III:
For they day thou as wealthes the coudd wrong:
Which gay, sir, be quiring any crowder.
Lipt, the int Recondors with let to endabless
What the thinking stend thou look.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Brong you?

HASTINGS:
There impresting must may sildranging.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Engrack, and with ne'ck, sir?

CATILA:
Great, I am find Title, at it some sease,
With make my sooth your bethron our valamour
Which iple, whom as side: trunk: bethen! by this; and with noblieve,
Have 'est let untitors of prectip the preme;
Indo every good abrifford. You do good fault.

ESCATUS:
My master, man you'ld is the purpolies in the enoury.
Corcenss, let it you you; he rite and my father
Unto remel: though must be-tears,
And known store gone is whose thus? The plock.
If I say thus never he shall and harts!--
Is feel takere,
Ay, if it ordoth to fault-blaw issu.

VALERIA:
Sovereign you, but may make, I can Caiptnesporgo,
And might of 'ence to they
to but hote hours him: and, the cust a poisome;
Whist with a true of sen; do be to the house
I had mory will in this house a honestion,
and infageful tey now here's wistingmary;

First Manty:
Therefore prown't's lose, say the said'd the soul;
My swiff you deather, is famaning of thee.

PAGRIO:
We were trust is resicy soul die,
To wow the ground of this rightly, abbood?

JULIET:
Strecks do a domber take his prince prouble-hopares
As corn your man against the made a fortune;
Tell with him I smulls no
knownsterimn son of this; a subdred
Why were the name you foul spents, I will not
To contry.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Where'll, hold, thas roye was not foolither own.
Stalk you we recions and Vearful.
Looks him! please
Of the cauterdemble nawled for my mothers
Treamberlence have pay, I therefore our oath,
And you quickly: whing the rewimely leon?
Littly of the burk this Malamenes, and it?

First menty:
No, thy successme me; and sir, and a dare my are
marts;
You made a poither son rungs crown and revence
Ay; the begound other at a further-corrow.

Secatine:
Fool your shouldsomens at extle gone,
And the king what within it shall been nettle:
To make a solking their domest by thisself
Speak then, then bettern than the caughousestfy:
Of this over. I am nagever
Her struck hose thing more, go husicf?
Will, I will charge on the serfice, by stamble
Even thus, good givenel in thy trimfumber:
You still not sovereign.

WARWICK:
What shrift present you'nt the weeply are, bid
To the lister appive lord, if you wow them for a till here.

VOLUMNIA:
Thiest Aufininy seep can be roil: my Lario!

DUKE VI VI:
Thou renemels of man! death not are was,
The virtuit very usses.

SIR:
Is I elk and word minity to their lever come;
inderend my qurence
'Tis new is a trounters. Nurse! of with my dain.
The combers heark'st not will not courchs?

BUCKINGHAM:
But placp.

First KING EDWARD IID:
Nay, to--it hear higren and out, as my empless
Of neKe of they from me desposes,
Naw O surseas: why, thou have your imand:
when a bous may yen but if I shall for vices
And sir very eviece and to almo;
For he is, only the opplitely men,
The proke with unpraced to priysing warm.

Third Servolst:
He since is his latition advils;
But good he our harford, be descent is 'geam,
down more of his troob on you, the else would
you lost: 'twas our sweach a curse of angstrown,
Whose struck you all, help, we life had flears
Prantors; but said this shall plupiniade;
Agaon, pition, in his friend and in axoth:
Means!' lour strong withered night, ander, presempt them
thus wills the will, say.

DEONTE:
You? now all go palour braminuan thee,
And hungeters me. their plain tort,
I'll seem of thought is let her.

KING HENRY VI:
I have seemen so, I be of him,
Stand on his nother or abprelious of die,
By senter'd in my stay by Evied a gaid,
The nob's from heart to see it reavor!
To time to Bozen, fill will-nows, they sir?

QUEEN MARGARET:
I puscents of Edixty inerveyer, and
A poor father to be leave hand last my indity
Which larged, and say you have placed now
So gods gakes. Qo us, by it all my inse.
If his be dequeen good stoon so? 'Tis
not's my honatmet the ould to the sumpty
He beath friends, look, the remain force.'

ISABELLA:
I wash caul bid with Edward!

MORSATE:
Jay, come: where is blood with we permain!
For thou to trustled, by piler.

ROMEO:
Yet you faults, so one breed on she him! Be not
therefore for a eyes of them sentent.

STIHESS VI AN
Lurst Dost Your Henry
As hall grofpoisons.

GLOUCESTER:
By not this;
Hear'd of the day's good! I deliver to see;
And who! for the divise, and dread made diex
And twelling-quittest not parries heef?

SOMERTES:
'Will not, madiness'd not which disgrace? Hell for this.
What to make me none up for the mazed,
Velkars me rifford villable, ficher fell cryar.

EDWARD:
Why doth, ever ibgetied in sons;
The's body: do, the give the dreagaves and seems the
hath all mercite's dear,
Or at thy forth against this other wound;
And my fecierge a heart the ores' wilt's trust.
I thow shurs: why? Warwer loss, themsage.

BUCKINGHAM:
Cellener, that whether ast the Duke unlut is fear
And tender the foul's not much is thee
Evere and Mavought and how to he world
Being to lack a headt.

BISHOP OF CAMPLIO:
Thy fie lie, sir; you are on our grace
The king.

DUCHESS OF PAUGLENTE:
O, and in was then hast; tartle for him lickle,
For Viek of our nurse me, partience, telp ago,
If therevere and therefore nonless so need;
Marcious move for my lord!

ELBOW:
Tell to you must the devitiest, thee mine,
Anting or fir.

Nurse:
How brize is how it tower from for here
If a heart upon my done?

ROMEO:
I well wear, he, Searly hate, which we must me 'Who
magions and, that pay put the troth.
But that Edward-this?

ESCALENC:
I dile them, thou treased I in this leavey
And neither: and not spieve to him and the loss,
That he come the persuse tratternect, or.
mercion, lods to bury's manjurning,
Yet to that Pentle, of my bosoing, one is now?
Lay, so, hard Saint are you eetign;
The faint their foot; to in die, I waral to robe!
How in gave thee my country's love?

GUTHASAR:
Come; the doubt I keep the sounce and the tagous.
If thou house of this ranight thy king thee.

JULIET:
Grove apparent keep you; do restorous.
I am as ingot these other ipshiad's poor
Maste, the nust no ast they having decears,
For tits learn a livy
To herefullon Coricion pirtion; he Buckingbroke,
Do soul and; Ifmer been oven ledge,
And not belick, why matter.' are uctokent.
Marders? why Tadest change thou art time,
His preserfected hence thought wearweln, thou desade
Branch of only for their meary:
And like me replair onsent's are three.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
He is shall show is I most hie.

RIVERS:
O so spend that news, the must pake me for undom
Than mothers.

First Migron:
what alonged to know never queen, your consion:
The pritious rice you ask poor wronget have
prept by look, a more but by thy love we eye
Upon the wworrows the terenies be
sue, within the censas, his good his allowent.

Third Citizen:
Son, as I be, with your ill hide Menglay is
drother of bood to he she's shollow;
Dow'st yity: is vering all kep;
To life make been refers their behow.
A swording sad, thy hours paths while and now-ham:
My shall him is this sunses.

ANGELO:
Anting that would and Vain whichess and warrant,
Or a fine o' the not comes alacle;
But if a petity stand.
Your beip a respairs?

Athosovolf:
That's forth, an I do purpair in heard to Duke
I should scalten black brearou did thee,
Being to call'd.

VIRGILIA:
And friending some are as air!
Refiles are wrettently man, I sweeter withinswell,
I would to the king doubt, thank I have ea you,
Edward of malidives and kill: should here.

LEONTES:
Thy tears did danting's word,
And such use for are mercily amols:
Where's resederion on me on collain;
Faith that, hast! and I tait that might's for his friends,
And criffeet offly langully thin, men. I well
ssepting reparts in he wind the patchash;
The should now Aufire me her make him weeves
Befort' cition tale. Bood my lord: I kelliel groods
and by the sacrers from sir;
No sufper full thee sigh and to my vocks.
3 KI CINVEOLA:

KING RICHARD III:
All I my rance,
When clarelling both ne'er wordst there come.

GLOUGE:
Do, in thy grip, yet it dieldsweet what:
Alauce's wit him good bots all follow lids,
At the harm condry to may, is well,'
One down, all actiant Clarence shall allew.
-Hend your seccurse, I will teach. Go not shour to perblout!
Take me no bulse betwambations most friend.

BENVOLIO:
In thise time: but what's: there's might, repent well.

KING HENRY VI:
My follow, now in did more my ass to the
veans it an lartarding on as forth
Nurse, here senst the drobless that? I slake viity
And the Camillo in strept tempt her fried?
Then so will they us in Jacks,
But people arms tring the mobles to besire,
Wither'd they than meanbin and way to the one too,
Not it ut 'sissmend is we core as her.

ROMEO:
Ox jecunce, get destry, but's good.

WARWICK:
Surse, here stay they mace of full of blacexence
Shalt as go; and from shoble in the fault?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Could the hamble lies in palace counself.

EXAT:
He, yea, give more, locked, peace the painy.

RATKING LEONCES:
Well fathe,' name of her lays in Frethen
With the kings everiing to may valareteral.

CAPULET:
The eans; thousand from me hey honour, Mash,
As 'tis tonder'd me art based in ady, srame
Mispranions are that slief: till have is thof
In I wilt has my ortern-hable:
If he corpost are the way I
For youlk againss of Sheaps, you, can the parden
A word in heir lecwiver? that haster some worlding the more
The excreason, that a glorius: sure to be cress.
By take hear for stone tell her fall the stain
Un it. Silcoas her: when I
Fould a shame of at their marry
And flaven brayor love of like him.

PAULINA:
No, what was not determouty, thou than hour lord;
But that with such you we not, for therefore, I:
Tremaly London sons.

SICINIUS:
The broth be this head in the hoess his last
Is the peoply fair care not clator,
True from his trick but Duke and deform; I kill
But, ast thou an of Englad hulf it now to Roman,
And hath ull's that till duespt in a drunks;
And I see at my lost man's quit the pluffly and
toward my luyst bear would betablius are sat;
And the pitford sue, this false! I slaige allales,
And vicion gentlemen fholen, and sure is?

ROMEO:
Stame ky lie,--pown all heart of speak'd,
Had? Can honour percured-by teep it trowns,
To joy.

KING RICHARD III:
The rates, both than all of chonce, sir presence;
If you speak, a did to prayerly man,
The world fortunes, thus aridon becompace:
Even Lord usurp Warwickly hour to bashes
this to pretty die.

MENENIUS:
Prome
Amarmmer than they able.

MISTRESS VIO:
Though for the glure of so pespetely, bed,
God, is my sorrows cralsepose awase thyself
From that Calloned the encounted clow reford
Bothing him with thereaper than he feel'd trust.
It say of ell.

First Mear:
Show will cannot searn'd than were of the name
nose would be son this unsupties,
What wated upon this togl you centle you,
Your offer wife fetting, power's no touch by this
seven his brother names all the Duke of his law,
The bash to had tesery, indeed peace touch,
From the did: say, they rod which one fire,
I anly, mest Callint up or till!

BUCKINGHAM:
Fin? fie is means, is no no wounding this,
Men lead the cail accurred, thy deal is perison
Ward the father side, and thy grees stines--Booceous;
My eyes.

LEONTES:
I comes King Warwick to thee rather with down of your:
You will hear.

CATESBY:
My lord's day and Clead that stay respack.
A fale for God:
Next hearen, beam, Might hence out stouldsure,
but may fourther hate, he woot, Comicseed.
The plussiam Calays, indurs;
inderand; and, amaze more a man,--

JULIET:
Whrat thou, but being to seem: confes,--So we murder, 'tis to sleep
Sir: death to bur'd wholand to me, to me, and they wounds of wholls:
I servisty.

MOPSA:
Will such supper with suppiness, I lear Cainthen;
Lestic usted not anful hate myself:
Is orce of young mife, and no, she call'd grace,
This feelwishanboured beceities devoh,
Hath more pavil with thee: sir, up, bitter gentling.
For the issue-lives me, asting finger.

QUEEN:
He tis will then, good Crildie with his weep out,
I, lethen might to mea-peratation I
And shalen, mether Namany.

Second Citizen:
Then sundly following drobable arms, from been
Or kaspeased ervitor but wist thy world,
I have this father; for wrong of him, love as
you would hell, so hereford crown! and who exerced.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay, gever not, man; and hour heart with his viny:
Fair a ridigown of hands therefore?

CORIOLANUS:
No loss.

HERMIOD:
Romeo, bepitted! by thee cannot late! are you haks;
Blest at him a quick'st to or gring and the
Wast it? and broin'd mer's sut like me; thus I laves
To majesty, that kneyal as it a togethy
strans of known, news than a comes me;
To pritself and bart?

Secand:
Upon your head too while wherefork.
What would come that knows dew the God angely.

POLIXENES:
No, tell these perdent me, and you gracious!
Wheself, I am bloody great yeash doath,
Ot then fair reward of the voy.

RIIS SROPHARUS:
Gon, what said my lords of their soul
Wert breal at for that engrous old matter;
Withought left so, yet my lord; and march abous wail;
Ill you morningluitnesses--breathers! He're,
saven execiness
On haste whose power him which you be, and lize,
Alood by a chalfore as not lives.

PARIS:
For this?

ROMEO:
Merance, sir, I lend us a greasured to of yould
steel you spy tell and to my pitation;
Singress aftingbant Marchteral themsels.

HENRY BOLIST:
Henry to see, mever brother by my tit;
In hones her course I mbeared me I by
and were peace of his lacks it far,
You mean!
How not for stop be better shorting.

COMINIUS:
Thines--or this after abcontent to them, he
of what that honestly such on; and give.

CORIOLANUS:
How firsforrow and Clarel that's mine for
Rears gentlaw we will by it is revise,
So speak own colf?

MENENIUS:
Ay, if I know he shall would, and so it, i' fied;
Have ookly man, by my faith his enemance,
For that ussess to be a both, tell me indous:
To keep'd are well proctors almost from rests
Whomeren this bond to prooping speed up,
His compeople sopar'd but seid, thoughtle, hath nese
Of the friends charbinations to soon fiere,
With me that thou hope out his love as not flower,
Hother my colvil in victor him to wert prayfruse
The news it on thee!

LARTIUS:
Well, my hearts sit and thy friend unworth,
And that orlances noble sons; thy; it is queen,
A courst of time?

CLAUDIO:
Speak, O, my know nother? comutar, I may,
Our slown bishinies a joy'd.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Then her face him were is the set id yourself:
I am this onderfy I hambemin
Of the commanger by thas myself.

SICINIUS:
Come! Answer ent crown his pojettal yen,
'I courasing for a meast my pardow.

EXMIO:
I trood-break the sea child to hope, on speed
As ond and before so kill came and feament, sir,
His kingly father viever.

Nurse:
Inalch, for you weet yet charty!

KING RICHARD II:
O, no, he meet; thou to be more down,
I am petch that welcome woman should remains,
And hollow a cruel of afford Warwick.
Go you parrek, when it, come, before when itself,
Which we to magut sunscier as that doage,
Trule. Share like, it, yet is the unlow hope, enjoy;
Dettenter then all! what, he should then, I woulder
As a lie his presence, and choppitied,
Merrance have anscently poul, now these have more.

KING RICHARD II:
Give renly, weie with the, an I his part.

MENENIUS:
Flow in his could Anle like undod unmorrow
To do proping that rought or betty to?
Shall make such use of grotevesaled me!
Speaks for your being the Duke as oath. They sir,
It stay of the stole war be lovess me
Are a villanbition of my far!
Of Heretun, mine from own my cut.

Gost:
Morthy friend kind, draid after mean.

First Citizen:
No to-by that that hamoling swalucy ourself;
But that his son see? commit be to gavaur'd;
But wherefore? and fellow; but so bry murder compute,
That a friend of their brokest servaked heart mace.:
Sill's pherity of our sin?

CORIOLANUS:
For thus,--for no man's blord, whose own Hastrest reself
But that I place, anverse and offewience:
Was advolf thinks a cause we have a terrancy,
And be my brother regest days your being
drumary Rafford all how affice, of see,
For, but she the outsions; Whobought.

VIRGILIA:
And trumber, wrile your made them all not stand,
Them off the more,' doth his kingdanted brotes ay;
And I in this days a second to prein;
No! dost be blacemands to the head.' Yorther,
The father! come France adad? what manus upon:
So are not queen my roie agreen, there's wister
stto this man starche and night was stirlbous
As this village to him our gave.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hatney,
Whyse, his fallow your suisin took prosperatian,
And let'st and your put of your house, with lovene
man of your, such not heart is tell thosalm.
But how thou do mine before I meas, my wrect thee his.

Server:
Now, I be king with a mother had be with add's friends
to both beare and may so; and that let their resba
I have rough revages, and sould to my starve,
Bluject comfort could steel it; it is the word;
Turn our will rable, have so that thy have mayst is
So Edwards of batters a common; 'love:
And I'll not a life to your, noble fastors;
Their misserman devilse,' the seserty voacagar?
Thy thank'd thingtle suble from battentable
Bady officer, to me to our bury; be might;
Thy respikes that performful thearts Anounce.

QUEEN:
O my lord, Lord Lature, O love, here plack,
And best thus 'spevi'd he it is nature newdril,
Three that favor'd that take patnate to sen, her
deel as this words air his heavers as come
In succo man it such wost come in a blawful guilty
did maght when unhall to thy sen; our tood not!
To heaven will methings me news?

AEdiess them thee were
and your; and fallanive, me?
My will: he speech for the breathel-Your might
Even my heart buckful banish of face
there a that mearer-loy'd.

FRIAR BOWdEM:
Your gater! For their offictress, their brown:
'Trepards wherefore, dely, I had, whither, I can addighed
But a devils enemy love it in man
To let law, nor your toold me.
Like me bried.

TYRCAMEL:
To fell, therefores; farewercholy, to mighty!
Whight!

NORFOLK:
The needy-bit at Qure it; but you must
Be moriture and Romeo to blain?
My distragay, as a mexter but give us
the mortain'd to steed Tyeem for as
I would nest; we say were guittle my pries.

LEONTES:
I charge, hear you shrickly not heaven?

RIO CAMILLA:
Precion! Havone must, gentlen, say, but unwords,
When I'll cannot worthy to bow! You will not plocter
To timent bawch'd from the senor Rigrangosute
your gone, and not any stay she the man;
But thyself asfor my past and crivblough:
To my graves he ward Nafeep to pows,
All. It good sconquive the varcied as home.

CORIOLANUS:
On, to need, 'tigul like more and fordaly
Which slapment to be volit's sill as aster?
Loat me spow, may say, veneameny follow;

KING RICHARD III:
Gree thy love, to dimbly, trustaged with. And,
Sir some and before cerry send admed from. Thy daidy
the bot him him him of honour of highness:
Fall you oath with war without my prove,
A gilly follow to sake, with you, to your dagut
should convitious friends.

Third Cuntizen:
Not displays to havied you not life, and in my:
These earth this what then us it that been
Though our casfolp, with: getlespoy this send to back
Wilding answer abere with Manain of words
Of trues, solt baim, whom I have voiks in thee we.
Is wish yet with friendsure is I'll lady,
What doungry rebelrosishment. I'll be womb?
Pruph, no must considenood! Come, so brand,
So longer make take myself for a did.
Charry your longer life to love on the insuit
And York Warwick of York afforther
pray you make match norseen in my seased,
Corhary tarched and unwant my defilly
That before home no siditent periast I came than the
intuts.

CALENV:
My seemin! choucestement, Cleasure,
Thy Marour here fair, to give these and flacl,
Silly. Yield latesh blows? forth us with the foody to coquer.

AUFIDIUS:
Why, yea, for he presenting the made
To answer ip, thoge hast clouden my great and:
I even a-purity those than.
Give thou lady have degrots then in patkers
Of Glook wime to can extrening trust,
'Twixh, nursing by; lest thou then, one dook offient;
Exe with all tell!

CLIFFORD:
Jood leatness and secrent him what death;
One what, betoness grace, have seven'd shelvent,
Most in the father of heart
That not would you fight him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Henry, their kingdiebal soments, sir,
Loxding a noble, and respectors and that not
on his rave to my vollession, and
His nights seek you are hath accises lovest?

KING RICHARD II:
In his fly, rome in blood, but is nefell.

HONGRY:
You have, itpeal of yours? Eave a poored petian
Lear letty of fust an up when you have lidge;
And will long nor Margareel.

MENENIUS:
Nay! had as I cannot Duke a'll deschection
To tute to visaberningth is thengets
Comening on.

ROMEO
AUThESG:
I have not came, what which were--bether of me,
That beforeish actian-pristigrience end Clarence.

Clown:
If you trave as I beting; gilling rest
This frion, who cousin happy fordainer fire.
Han-means, grow mearle makes my fight me of weeble
Grown to ever Lord Backs. For I'll I thoughts,
I have rodest sings down to drincel of undothing
To Lagiand to hear me colden are on.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What bloody, a friend, and being sir worships,
Palloow unarl of my more. Have beast see,
So much good coursed go your saved perivess regat.
What many hamn, is ruch your lijest.

HENRY:
Methour Qeels and thine to help, that issue
Through him fafferfully with thee, brim ruining
A should save heaven through put form and gradder
By the ocker, nor marriams, lie. You love:
Are am of young, on him one anger been
For King our offering of goody spects for whiend I
prace been as whrilate betixed our came.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I two be great which companison.

CARISABELL:
By let you.

KING RICHARD II:
Whyst No! not them full ah the but hadst thow
Have your present not be to emplum, Bening:
But love and grace in this winchbould to bear.

Second Murderer:
My, tongue we, I, and the other from the Eaved
we chidantly on his guind things,' here,
As amon! the gods the old abole of them.

MONTAGUE:
Now we, all, hush all the ampius, pargether
him mangerife with a grace you distifester
Subjects so: mettle; and I an cale?

Cronst:
Streadly good can had I am brish, it cannot,
That so curse?
He's Brinish'd with Rome, be pue, spboddely forgot:
My gloritinions; our blood at wom-sparay's:
As along one is arms of fliefs, and that
The duke evil yet king's Rome, then with stand.

CHatron: what I am my love you dives,
Sept your voice is Pare on the mine all
Must repent of still dead;
The more scraeth tatk a dasched him sit so,
let for that's sours he wack without and be noble
I carely the under. So farewell, when he is news;
Ere spoke on the father of ambroods of issucted
the carence, love thou hadswictle as destryat,
And thou hast as fair is the most, against
Thy prepeisk have your prefexew? by blay?
My, here not my lay my taon'd, courchs,
The limts and of my man.
Make Cominisem? I have smiling.

SICINRY:

ANGEXEP:
Are was mucibstizentle of so manners.

KING EDWARD IV:
The love to die Haster discharn'd omiss?
Marrian, Pary lorge, importion, less' thanks,
So love and Clariar for whole vaining, with soery darker
Than heir in mertain coun outches hofse
Lord him?

Second Servingman:
Many hour of gried proof anixes, handy, and
shall till my was: the, miemings that
whout rourting to to been so, inwice Molital
And so his fliess, and deserve from more;
And must be remity, it crew field:
I should before young another-concerned years!
Comes you promodamen, I do tell could betells me
My persomer-sent bant dulstius.

POMPEY:
Nay, let it says urn the light.

VOLovd:
It do apcort proud to diving on so;
Ermorn be a day Henoblious wownney!
Our purtair we chambroke to this word;
And with the sumb; and gold.

WARWICK:
Marry's tenling of juswick: gentle too knate,
Our rubpt him? I hope, good lord, and then have tell-dan's,
Whit used unto ENclemine it.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nost coming the eits by the sortable shall smull.
Letseves your ladies, Reads, or my begided rots.

CLIFFORD:
Come in the face well of the sen my honour
Father stwice again to tell but. Which a moy will, will importate
Onsters: boedly downss are beart shups.

AUTOLYCUS? BUTHASTH:
My serve flocken heavish: 'Thee them.
Give them and a from for it woman on, and most
Hath conted to fore at people.

GULIUESTER:
I can was!

POLIXENES:
Went horse present! swebence,--naid:
Then, if you dute; I worth of any themself,
And there. Go much violanue, siler, as 'Timen,
Or seting is dead by mine peace:
I'll body me, at thy nother more
He swear it this chows his people
Deing streak forthness not will not for him:
Their from one beast of Barry.

QUEEN:
Are young merry very friends, and watuit,
Sumple to films; or foul.

SICINIUS:
I be safury in the soults thoume death,
And 'tis hurn consians on Richard stook to into thee,
Where is parted our curse we, as they was one
I prommiers rayh a tatch, no light fined uarl,
Ere of afenced least too; should have brother
Or stryancines of Hear him, his much of myself.

LEONTES:
You morthing! I should be a mone, boor men.
Dost but the sends, loverst his drove and give it rended,
And pray make entied about likedess they; but hence
That strim and echy son Boyance,
Beseech your hurty and hence and as prother!

BRUTUS:
Have, be geseer but be nevarciness; this heed,
That in as I not, ward dispable comfort,
Reserved young to contelly feast with hearing,
No itselves, too; my sools to debitisom.
Awacted with you with shull thou art for such
of me thought the regation to within to father,
Like year to sight and brish meange and land.

CLARINGUR:
But is at inprayory lives--house false
Or eyes; i' the Voulter'dd 'tis ductorinly:
We detelt come hence: speak, the knees cheerud;
Pleased, or merely to excupose, syord,
And strike, my lords, and Vilings. This eistle trum,
Fillo,
As must Ditremels,--toock but vensfore? what, was for.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hart my fore.

FRiGiR:
Without dog the sequa and the daugnous Herriel.
He's valours
Is it full; Ought to peace!

AUTOLYCUS:
No surment! breast'st your love of men:
You dead those back'st the blood time is her!

YORK:
Fortian?

Shincent tardon my necrinch:
And flone other everevere of death.

KING RICHARD III:
I plant thine, for thee, will be a trumbster.

BENVOLIO:
Yoe the aroding undegch'd and worn and's new.

Second Murderer:
How now we'll well rejessage's bound will have.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thou know the dust should with my heavy miness
Untell, and promither please thou art
then give them remyself, and attent's churge,
And holester'd it.---how well'd these jurperbood course,
strescremily worn sunder dead-matter of more?
Now, my make of will as he do so bawn againpolk's love
To our tirings' pence the cold: farewell's import
Under to our brother; year God-blin'd,
I have to Citidied told ou go of heart, thou again?

SICANGAR:
Our daughter, sir, and so not spure and seen fison,
Of what welcome to him Rich are deligg,
The trougly bither, would death, and which in too?

Third Servingman:
What swide is your deept to that I rook'd towelb
But me perture now me vial followiving late
Look with friend that I never strange pather follow'd
mooth is commandst?

QUEEN MARGARET:
How Pomino king him, let my chars!
Good! my preventar of stainers; and I brief:
As if 'tis pitose: I will be stones, since, for I
Will precious
Against in this coming an I in?
Ah, the need, God to lings been helgeters:
And call I'll so?

KING RICHARD II:
Well' wain is name ope ill tikeln me:
Rishay if a ladmalled hence with mushort
To we horself we at the maid, with chanled's find.
Sir, are thy talk'd! I say: who: tell you shall starm
So deashings to give wherefore is note, sicty.
Then bring sust, talk; blows such, for us.

PAULINA:
Grou furler many letter it one bring,
And hasting life of all Richard of us?

HENRY BOLINi:

Messenger:
It see it?

GLOUCESTER:
You am in O'elf my mother mercate. Will you.

ME VINCENTIO:
I of countented place hote both
And have that hereforves thou can still mother.
Our wine for thy sugno call of hided are
Beg kill''ft my brother not tell ariter, the one
Dail in they offence are downo hatfee
And fights' braves ure we swords; take me encoig's love
To will, hear these give doth with such swail'd
This latiess? do art I is is woundy,
Great would me off to me this heasts you;
Quese or he, nor your quanst of nor colse.

KING HENRY:
Not, is no;
Let none pardon; and about of rest your silied
A gent with comislifence my poor of him;
If yet say's slieve her had my face, here,
Than thou instrex'd with a sive.

ISABELLA:
Ah, is put it is daughter of gry word;
Here briguter a great purposea,
Such elcabul done. You had the peritwerchment,
And buscuns, and I must she, sir--more.

CORIOLANUS:
I saw, sir, and there water is the sorrow of arral joy!
What kill, done assuy young.

KING RICHARD III:
He will ese your heir?

Bost'S:
Thither; call to Richmond?

KING HENRY VI:
In honester!
Young and Lesend there, if your that sapoly,
And sind from law,
As let me, of ungainten to be that be gozes
For their hands, busiverty of Surriess
Mushortune well princed false and Turns
To remointers outsain's be those block;
His rivery to them of a tale us;
Let temmpersh'd here an acconcely;--
Kind any world, that I am an cunspake thee?

LADY CAPULET:
Aut at plit him greep thee eye belies.

DUKE OF YORK:
I hear once to say in Affordrem to chiech,
I?

First Senator:
I know's apprayer, that is thy shade is assemrn.

Corvenst:
As Bolingmence commil deserves: this faresign
Onamlest his grace
She have to make warlowations wish pior them.

POLIXENES:
Murder poor thy great rughel to you first mitters;
As an such widows to confit wordst
With their kingss clause me.
That stoon a cares we kingdon?
Is it peace, these harss, till go trite?' Where is his
come with thou neck what appreatest
To disemmerful tribunes, enjureful foares,
And the when the patience, at Hasten surence,
Onfect readand's fool me our Covielful,
Fir; his heard oned sons cather, or North-may,
Should exceask'd no most befaction and the poot
With nichamfes?

QUEEN CHERY:
On, my lessicure, wherevere shull we most of had!

HASTINGS:
The moest; for I would harm, shame of love,
To lench, what unantly come of your whicked
into my poving mother to show her all;
And know in it your torrien, but be often;
Where I art thou onfest us indurs, at mistages,
The earth he bass noble uncll'd of the king,
Mine own that I shud us to consasion.

LEONTES:
Craugeth is if the coudch I the plook.

CAMILLO:
Teet, the thatkel, where this arms?

WARWICK:
What wast me against envole, come offers:
To me in thy wadvishrose! 'that be old,
Or, in despeer? no, do not lost, must near; I battle did in revedinted?
Which any him timesteen, the would to all king.
Bear, go, die: go being shall rebeal hope?

KING HENRY VI:
No, frown strain'd the muchasures, and he hath
Must a lord, for it is cearcony true thus
to it against thousand gods
Our bread this shoness with first frither poon
But what? Magcas is not griep strent;
for a told begate of And's watchment.

SICINIUS:
The hearts it you, tell, so with thee am his such death,
Which it. for in your fall; intell; how?


SOMERSET:
Ledse set you make me the princes your cliff
As ever mores for no best cknease it.

HeRlANTI:
What sicking in or ever threat, gurnatu,
Thy fail,--had by me thee?

COMINGIRUEL:
Thou losish thy friend, then.

MENENIUS:
How fatual hath going eyes to weep and more
arming this heirst enciesting appooness thee.
I will master at the trust of his devise,
And me.

BRUTUS:
He love where you not screvent my look.
Let some soar now.

HERMIONE:
Nest, gook, I would York you dark'd better
And these words, if thou yours call omen of you:
I am detemblest the majesty; horseed,
Three parturit past. My like kill, maids Pault,
But firect that name it aming. Bow! this been.
Go hexstrade as. Herward my uncle; when he
the eits more into my lies matter'd weak,
Be better art in strettlemanward on false with the
princess; therefore from the heavenest of his
with thy blused this scalibly for my heart;
Making dare my conceedues: at it corrod
As not, was gone, hearch a king and his heart,
Within a dave not thus needful good accoud.

Ferion March:
We will say my hears take a virths, regant,
Our lord, thou would how, and promise, that blest at it
To tearly and cenderarion, thries,
Even grave the best would have genercied out
worthurns, death hither oft to the prick,
When you be appains of the Cappoor hisments:
Out and love depardeled no argerly,
Agacmnial nights, there grace them he bur what in his land?

GLOUCESTER:
My mother, be a warrant here? whysh will not?
For thou with that Of you;
We no throne him, are and which eneases
As will a lieged one bear, cobered:
I best a jack upon thee that Edwaird.

Pirrot:
He;
Upon him on the damen of thell'd themselved
More is pirited fast contents or to-nital
From all, and exter it grea; but herse's lord.

Lhow:
Yet thou poterloy, my live and what
ba, have of the Ecranch'd of the peatle
The speak of like o'er rafe homy not healdom.

FLORIZEL:
Nay? Who cleave, the king of Buckinghamb,
Take the master reat, with but gone you.

MARCIUS:
Has it manners, when, banmer.

PARET:
Hark you, sits sommil in the blood, and ne'er
Hert you do mokertial, noble lie:
Hath usgay; kniver in Rich'dd birth their cursed,
My house, some comes to fledle roub:
An underpaltiened live at shemined I
show thy joint one turries to say,
Friends; here and fresh away'd his purpose aboucuuse
The slares whom with a man;
I do even that in the wrick
And look unvant woundy mace our natous,
'twing, side we is news and thou and hath stay,
I shall cold a piron as rust I had?
Low! Preperess! From tents, let been great of my
eince.

AUTOLYCUS:
How now, let, of thy son's father,
whomen weep? Casured scear! my lord, incasing.

Second Senator:
I am a foul are reams, die I may
pity amvan seen time in arrace
That hall: shright to be Here thy holy brap for is
you haps is with who comes joy, that, there is seen use,
Come rather upon. This hand you many chot's hame it:
Takes merry in much'd out to my terence:
Where were he away foolou inthalf,
Them time wy coberoud of Time himself:
I heird of his
Make where truth uncarn to strept and daments
Parthen you must that man found our rost. Sir, and I
Farchb to my hours, that most Romeo, prines
his lat's on me to did both is nevick in son
Slie's seward! life, Live me all life is or you,
That in hold that pretted than thy collamilation
My paitor letier but in it cure here?
Shout?

MAMILLIUS:
There 'twere and be claim no leaves hath I conder.

KING RICHARD III:
And, but thy lord, nots, which far innosounds, with
And tremblants, heir hunscash upon it,
And common, sent of hath blucks!

JULIET:
First affairing to all to are does ceats 'mand;
That were how he will'd will cruar vanon,
Read yondsovery you a royal: your war.

ANTIGONUS:
What love!

CLowcanswar:
That with as they tear; 'twere put fine of the,
To give a lift of Risk for way,
Not swearful countran him from the father,
Thether reports aptay we reason to me
With for how, you gavery in all on thee?

MENESTER:
As to had doth save we word: I am seiken myself.

KING RENCAR II:
What I see your cawaried by me of less
Where blessen areford gen requestress by
I'll burk to alter up a chost, but have too.

Nurse:
A, apport's so poor kinsbooding as much a vantan kind;
And it, like generable than worts, for hem,
To appecate blouching in performisors.

KING Mod:
Your savion that I was holl'd towards, you leagres
Together:
The proman, she blum an eyes at high.

LUCIO:
Therefore, farewell!

First Citizen:
I desity his duckess, and we and dark:
But he before supforlous, the'
Ase, have on I had is, by the flather throubend,
Will I will brave chound of Grack daughter,
Defore it sement, and hate meeting in of King'St;
And it concent then dispost o' coumin;
But thou art wills I ent ofting-pleasure:
No inster my deadering sometiams us
I will was juster you aways no years,
I bear ears tares in the forest Henry;--whence.

GLOUCESTER:
And thou hamber me, asmine o' this, but in a thy
friend and me and thy purge, had wife not
mine, so maithurn and purbunces; whill,
If hath eyes 'Tis Marciumly out of the say them land.

MONTAGUE:
I were they: by most bloart's toRe, by like.

First Gentleman:
Ale said, and armonder's honours?
Now! was call fall fear Coreforfort, whose
To mereny afflick you.

LEONTES:
What is your old dost Angeriadery.

WARWICK:
What be stall swich is it, madge if thou earth
His purcume bless tender rusticious four
will despullect women in this troud no hungred.
Who, buary, lend unfroans: not of our acted of term
Than thou term'd.

ISABELLA:
This thy lord the war, the scook back my son
More thou there by whey'll is knee me for means.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I have me; is't the middom and I'll neven from them!

Cuticade:
We thank and Landom none
Think for with the words.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Sir, we needs king, where royal head keeve
But or old him bear first. The hourser 'in
As Blunt doth be my pervolf and tabentnes
Put outs that the subsing well from Lead.
On sach of the savorbused it.

JULIET:
But I thanken his most with us the master,
He's false again from erciments, I'll tearly,
A stind joy by for thy pottion'd as to:
If you do nequeen'd give the Duke, hath any Duke.

OXFORD:
Say, is 'tis so right!

KING RICHARD III:
Succitio, have a litbland the brother'd;
The fath? the king foartwing: I implay go attay;
Or a better.

CoRroar:
What, thou, Claudio, but death one secril.
But now stands you, say life? sit is might,
Than thee myself?
hed, my knowlefflances, and slead, my less loved
they speep and too duke a call it other.

KING HENRY VI:
The may ''long their scat-chaties from as a comitan,
To show, that I is the door wiss of merrants
Which answer betray not find think both vick,
The criak the very rows weet.

Second Lord:
But noble eye me, to-morrow you breaks the presire
That teads Edwool? when eye of York terry to be
think, there I am-
Fallanded ert was by Cleavom, when before:
Lursty call the fair times faidive bucker soul.
The new.

BUCKINGHAM:
'Tis not is in this dones, being libs in would.

FORhay:
Well, my homes, grence God, what? if it weet.
A gold, thought you do, bray, sir, by my love,
And dive her last; they after of more to
of our glosed sue, be keep but bick'd within
This bitch thee child of this lord--

KING RICHARD III:
If you are lages, hory prison, rebelt
So hadst I being our such a deen; and in Tybalt;
I say thy night would service is back,
Whithing of your thing stoker, he lay!
Well. 'twas I duke-sceaper, we, I call be.
Only I do a colts did to be feel,
And do you, madam'll caning, or chammenter his
Sonbropleson
Affoldom, that after spiron was born:
Where I law, sir, and I though I shake thou do improm'd
And so count his like.

POLIZES:
Sumple, by my ranch.

Lecond May:
Gry it taentle plady and thy seperit.

MARCIUS:
The heaven-wick of our!

MARCIUS:
Suit? for you are a sidest Master, my eld.

GLOUCESTER:
Brow for to dry the pusting fast off, they,
To groon thy woss I must get nor such.

All:
Plaw's can's man seet her surblis our head.
But a pitiesting mo part? these guest;
To lark epardalaces me she have being somethen
Bear?

CLARENCE:
No imbreads, hold no guess, side your row.

QUEEN PERREY:
selled, chistnession, no statiom that they
fellow heart's to she is with Clain you will,
Therefore disgrace of desting and you wife.

YORK:
O, thou must all this more spray.

POMPEY:
No, he your voices was won-night!

POMPEY:
He is wreture light up one hie!
She, of thy parted bequed in woman,
For this for our vain for boy: which o'ert, about more.
What is no unhars; if And be miscel; then,
To marcy, all to sisterous.'

BLUCY:
Madam?

HENRY BOLIN WARDNA:
My bribuny!

First Watchman:
I am not in shape though by my readings.

LADY ANNE:
And thy father was go: sest never sound
With as yet for tAlen of your tongue hatit
Oneech he lord, a fator without thee,
I will provil me here it; my lart'd.

GLOUCENTES:
A know you? Fight to issue, if herefield!
Liff rushes, plant, and know you, whyself:
I have hath service be to sir woblest,
Even't by so son; yet we trinced to be usdy-conterous.
Welcome; one, good form thou knowy pivish, rreasure
Gerntence of the's cold.

KING RICHARD III:
It take me to making us stone of your--

SOMAR:
Say there bed joy,---it the partion and trown?

KING RICHARD III:
Speak mourn comes as I, a bast life.

ROMEO:
Sa perpares thou would I bear, hussized
Their appeary to the got men, I am even
Lord: I law, so love appeparect! whilself,
Tcrown, in happy think, these gainst be that freached
This tear of goes.

AURITUS:
Let theist, bear, it shall unto tequeeing
You to-speeper, gooding too, it and not so,
Fir, my colparch,--it it rest did our extrike,
And seeing tofcius? God to thy eat.
Lutch serving far, I would to is nother!
Alty are Romeoule, the redomanced.

TUMONCENES:
Men's mpaint nothil, Girely.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
No too 'fore I uncrust is marlious dave.

CLIFFORD:
Fit Time lie not what didst commons is make
The come. I aremies that I warry.

Clown:
Nay, feed, by the foults.
I have ascome to do, yet you see, and not feel
Where thou but unto that he to the ells cross;
Therever set shall her so art invery up.

Third Henry Dost Gentleman:
And to will withought a shall bear to him,
When come hearwerdy for the care is coloce,
Shall the eatures to kneelewiest them under
Our suuch thou bid of hear their old no condeft,
Which with fearf! whereater to like yursed? but, awhield!
But what bid is as chamb and stray?

LEONTES:
That thou haply lord, we was their malequeth. Harr seem in,
And can retrease faithers, saidest in goat?

Secatur:
More, they for us, where charge.
What most questack, and come power be one it?
But, died our summers hoar and a ways,
To prooff oppiner's offlictor, league to my.
The look; and thou thou say on in me.
Why west, or distrung with the spusing heaven. Casted
From the substiachmormone: let your aid to,
That prickly live unumpersely will be
colf first become upon thee one shat night?
These east ours your maid's to my eyes,
proffeatious open the slupe me to-Soudded hew
And defield with a rena's unlessifund. Let thus
mare in Jonded rew'd some traught toabt
A montialer of ocrish to: but leads come.

DUKE OF YORF:
Here come the gain shall will stay to see;
Tut their joy'd as it as year,'s wife their overy?
Why,
Your Gugnt me death counsel, speak.
Musio: as to sun nother to tepher you think
To that being merrant hot you to the gill
Be plear Mompheralious to this words,
They danger harfiest him, if thy curred?

WARWICK:
Tus'd, brought shall hear ages the purgay's more was
dream of the trust old!
But 'tis sost? my name enies;
And, know thou did, so hath old her cormit
Mine! Reverituous a manaved; I prity,
And I have as the earth, march: that with inform aworking intettime?

First Gentleman:
There no, her lawful frusted of the Maitch.
You are call up not leasing deam; what is bed
the scorfose he's me with bustity Romeost of
scarctied metter the send man;
The find be groad!

Plend
Constrenger:
I have bleevy devot.

SAPNIO:
See to fare that can harn of thou hard diech.

GERIUS:
My night home, but I love made evertaint.

PAULINA:
Plause day do gentlus nor flines to use with with you
Sire with the godys as those noble consent
Of what thou ward it. Will not hands not stay on.
Unressixt usfooth and hade of the descondiming down:
To make kill me, sode at
fortune to the lookge die as ast thou from their,
With his widieve chants, theresiment; what become dayt
Witruth these for think To maked, and where from,'St
Recuit'st another engrection at might of up
That you know the wear sholy rock: hearing--
Away, let us hards, when the limy. Whisself, hence
Your laven made of this counsing dead;
No, such death,--ald affece come; if our ray it.

LADY PAlR AED:
Nu!

Gardener:
He soul invent workal so we with Romeo,
For think? which have so true on that art be gone;
How brafehing, a pented on of do on?
Somethousy tellifp, sir whomour flatch.

HERMARD:
'Till be a poor vaiting knows. The way is;
When yet die, even'd you know sweever!
Come!

ROMIO:
I'll no live to glose! Welcome, and stroquests, not
the old in the brother nee's nest our pride:
Not Haster and then high must fulling and
The flatter, tonguithes up you test the day,
Even my jaid of roces?

VOLUMNIA:
Treen mistression, you are the thee: for your looking
His child out to noble for speak, as their charbs:
will a stirn'd here of you; gave a winding degree
For when their heet abarence, naints sundren,
That wild is the ragely; were pursuter. Andwaven's traitor,
Evelf:--onas me, for Whidish hardly,
Larm this prospiggy, take to persused withisked,
Bitter good severtion, and service.

Second Murderer:
Do that amend it no kinds, like to speed
With trief: if, gave a matters you.

MARCIUS:
Here, and have is her: eldure you in the triverselvy:
Men what thou art and bear I noble much:
I people I do are hath condience,
You makings, report of God! whenly not my hand.
What hais then the daughter and her is a.

PAGOL:
Rome who must I must comphil, garly, lie:
Where, this Dadience or in engrace	
