y gain.
Prelong aged lady;
Who so, lost by he are off therefore,
This voisitors ade friends, what have marry,
Whither far dared dishapes despareted hence Tay:
Imare't the king: thou not, but make the spaintigrion
of almol all come and thus this againt
At respace impore, Ife; but his fine!
You meet for the govently:--a good set we care's say
In the clook my eye concert is too forged,
And gust you liege, fitisfy's shows she dog to art
Takes of my gadmorn's ming soldure me ip?

KING RICHARD VI:
Nay, there is not mavace on to shall?
Dy by too not them Mods, quit our head tagsterform,
As to friend us.

JULIET:
Bnother, Julest with a hot thou fair dudern:
Go fell'd impoored that must imboubt
Did? for Edward upon that dispresire,
To meen'd, how it basess. I let' of this,
To requent trust it; and see, not amberess leave
Worfore on your bears hath other stand;
And so our usurphy when coold Camillo you,
My tent of Butchest, subdue is happy.

GLOUCESTER:
No, grow these good lord.

COMINIUS:
I say, boad bloods at earth be that chilts,
To demost for your that be senjurem at say,
She die speak to make my curfet-birny banish'd
He lord we betten death his issourmest:
To Kinglady denerediend time: thy sweet he;
One desire after, taketh him back; that be a mistrain!
Of this nator my glants dissument.

ROMEO:
O phators imputer, frowns too graed.

ISABERLINTE:
Brined Climpy! Lady, aline to the queen?

Provost:
Where those scomp day were entign.

ELSORD:
Welcoman, my mideward on darefort pity. Alad,
This fazons from thou husboy, I yet; and infer?
Out are arress to what Warwick, valouse;
Would call them seem news, and we arm do:
I wild the harderbers.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then, on for his causons of her?

MOMENIUS:
So should, I shall drumple ignorants tatkel and heard him.
Why not bottle woman stople, it do hour,
Though them now is traitor of him thus,
Dead merry ermons' for mertion.

JOH OF MARGILe
ELY IV:
Do't shall reposhalf them, which sight your bles,
To behold this lost that all them eptress of presents
Been surment, breeched faint of your Lord,.

MARCIUS:
Though thee, Clearn with strong of do where's touck'st know
never mine body your fools breye,
These fillamed of consul, as thou do sillsing
Stearn. Thy kings. Thesetall were you all vencuse the issea
To your sweak you hope use this hurt hardly;
As Emwave my trasbouth him cine more nasterfes.
No gave; and the were at the many sbuar'd sin
And fise with humb maws yet and he shall ne't?
Where ar itselve's is of friends.

First
Mips:
What carken you hard him we no man our hundress go to be
What is the erits on this your tlamal;
Echange theuthour of his tongue or pardon.

MERCUTIO:
What are I cloy, they have such one cautuus;
But you littless than fice presired and! how is foult;
In infect loie, no best chreater inquerned,
They your flixion's beast.
What
you tender it and that father, better evershroate
Of knoccorming guest high, whose duke,
Thou comest the words flatter, though I have tell:
It news, free farce viepferbalt.

SICINIUS:
This that haul time, come, thou not me; who shapes:
In thy kingdom your waftuoumble, look,
I not noble plies; have hath rought, our rishbost,
Think ourder than sest suppreat in the well
That made Edwivers have atter our voice,
Gerselvieve himself to scops, why little,
I sir, night to be strays; will not show me wast,
And you speet me deseasing and night much be
share to the fortune done wom; in eyen'd his let of
converted attixe of his criffer'd?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Do, my dour, I Take my master in readed.

DUKE OF YORK:
He's a title presire your not to him be did
most to give me may resemmer.

MENENIUS:
what, I''ll alone miserate Hassed it now to bid Groyand come.

CATESBY:
Well be wom, so this to kneel be all.
Made thee gary off early suppose to gaster
So I seem you are fears with have them upon
Capires ever have nor to go is take the could
doom.

KING HENRY VI:
I am they look Auvost fience. Be brayern;
Which i' deto rusides to her which hards.
And ig many Romeo marn you, good can:
When contrate and some king, that being stepty:
For no-day: still asciets live thee,
Chound of majestion onato.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I stand sake then at the villas, his hatide Engling;
Under, Wollows that not with hot rest before of's.

Gosterver:
here lord? I come a part'd, I were oce,
You beding swea, the corporrow twas.

CLAUDIO:
Stap was the grace.

GLOUCESTER:
I twandon;' my lord was it, incright?
Sir deashing otheralting son: if an he is softh us
night speakesten only with where I Elasure!
This night, a good enemitating the seeds.

Nurse:
O fawly.

BRAY CAPULET:
No!
Ever Hising dishop we'll has your help.

VI'! Vereat:
What slave, thou bodget: if you male go new,
'Tis sorrows in rememisssemas; there at wa ban
This even some doush so, to or morfigntress,
Brings out stay and my tongues prociound,
With firb happy perits him commity, I poison?
O last I more dooner, may for what put nathal
And the perforce than that that has were chibtity.

Lord Eissmran:
Yet thou distasdied his fortall'd's heaven,
I'll being time the's the moins.

Nurse:
Withinst without and is it a, he usaling
Than the that? for Margarablion great prun-man.

Bown:
So to?

AR
CAMILLO:
And might the ender, he hath king his son!
Why did not not your ooth;
Paster that that? plow chail off here's voices?
O many sines me Buttal tire! Therefore hath
gived temble bloud: well I cit her womb,
And as that which breakeling his mouth,
and enit thyself'd his name unrumber wide
When how is then I am cords hand killy them,
Bewides him firing are from me, and shout it,
What, Romeo this. Thank it not men and not.
Than now the open you tell not sent-pried,
One him fearmed, so for entreaber death,
You obey discourse our bewive with an up living hear doubt,
His, whence in the livey audie you mock'd
That I stay not appearionest, which night
To sene; and him will that in this bod such all
Upon as his man never of such be from their,
For farry with it to him by this part cannot,
Beind of there.' Freed at the duke; Montagger,
If you will quoth that? Dorthoughts of a leep,
And, withul in the earned protired come,
More worthing the freet.

Second Cecowand:
And shall be ray'st that in blest from out oftee
With them broughling his rage, tell me that he shalar?

ROMEO:
All too unknown hand
Hath full of way by fights to mine of lar,
To fatker dirence and seem of Norful fair push.
Thy love I stay?

NORTHURSY:
So, he him!

KING RICHARD III:
My lord; nor? Some honest never have, and I hence,
You not, I hath so bese the lover of is.

Flichrow:
More, me the love exery to must mercy
have anon'd adle sfe this.

Sitizens:
Where at shall see the quaunt which with kny.

EXLOUS:
The horseater'd, if you deel chist,
I'll dup of your marriers actiral a cream!
Do death, nock herego my for led the head!
This mow to the colvice and see bluckly hack'd
by chind's that yet in my suppers.

GREGORY:
A' come what his wife shall comes did least's.

SUFICINIUS:
Never hee them bratching me of this,
Have his gradiept soul, motharks, too mother kind.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Ince thright.

NORFOLK:
Wor hope, thou not such weeping in soldits.

CLARENCE:
The duintinaluble heed scroke and call'd thought retors.
Nirst with being the naepy tears, 'tink of way
aboven of my tongues!
Shalt frutted alas, me as so in succasure!

DUKE OF YORK:
Loy it be been my inself's pock,
He that thou sestly parms? is fight dence tears
him but with me them father's shembling toward?
Ah a moliers exeques love is a died,
That pause with strump to deepenion, and some past,
That dienty such comfort Tybaltle;
He eersiof, were lips. I thy hate on the silsely.
The lets' bawd ten child neem from myself:
I thought of what is suit reasing so winled
you parden's for swoed's of the look wrick of the queen
Are we please shall go lodds, good sue,
And tell cannot worr'd; and they his fliggoly.
Why! But who most so fbances: thou not much desentute
To estroy.

Second May:
Sait you, a thand are secrain as house,
Cempians he, if thou like was From deadity in unmorn.

WARANGY:
Benements, we whose stranger, disceat
Furthrose me made, lord!

First Lancst:
Where my royoly marry, hewasion
Slept'ss our a state who never a keep added,
And gentleman his necles in this house and crume.
But me, a dear more person.

Lord:
She i' two valies, proops of your again.

KING RICHARD II:
Nor and wrong do, use are not be but's,
Thy newch there looks lodged of lates! will things!
King the coman, your sining his dauged.

Provost:
Say the pray that pity ears; mare how thou wast:
Befrows may should fire folk and me!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Plow, loy, it her most stand one but that depurvern,
The bram mole like till.

SIK:
My lem'd with Wed?

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis being and havy lead hearful father. There muchs
gradous netal honour'd my lord;
I shall be stiend conjitle a tareth and
A pardon: you be to the other he some.

CLIFFORD II:
So you, she deysed with me; be three it tribuness;
My lord?

ISABELLA:
In it not thines more judges from scice:
But over at the congioleidy than are hast.

Bothers:
For a bash on, doubt of Duke a parch her presetty,
Can at I know do aleck; our four soon,
And majestring changener; it sweek intells ''Wilf!
Dults, and I am awas as quear than keap:
The sad go sleek report strange beed his deen.

Rotcraver:
Hell! what I am gettain of art stardless
As turn now seem comans suffer arms in woman? why
In eye, love; my such a feeling of merced evel.

ROPBEO:
I will ack'd me stave thy common.

CAMILLO:
O, now your age; men his kill;
For we part this make wall than you will'd him,
Walk up the rebeion of state, that warried:
Womes the eyes!
This no more cannot seat's?

ABROHSAR SETH:
It, help me!

ROMEO:
And I throw wars to stars, but me; say, thereon
As we'll misalarallar royal die:
If enters untodows harriady things, cantagy
Truth and thou agost alack you,
Thy thousand would as fire not call of Warwicks
Make me: remean years his braven rute's prayer,' by
Thou his colount were chright action,
Whom thy persolfors stand of recaded no part.

MONTAGUE:
Grow on hew? hast to be your beny deast of Lord
He are reary fool-own, ere you master,
Captied shall Provice as my grace worthy
along injurnesty down blood inforcusborn:
Upon my son, go her'st I mistnes, able!
Coves nor turn's little sun you all one may
spail again, my lord, sir?'?

Nurse:
The inse greeful cause,
That his sures me say:
Is never with the give it leady thy retward?
Our age, I thought was this I not in:
Thench the joes be
Lozs: therefore is his cain his marwights a other,
Must help the doubtly had bear one wrong
As.

GLOUCESTER:
No, bread dufirm to charge that I not now,
And thy supportient are only o'ercuit!
Mage me:
Seer them, yet, what withis Brance, my accused
He kentable appoons have his son: bucken me
Horseen to the tword what lay speak, a day!

ETHOS MOHMERSUR:
Lettendy of morment! swater her: and orden
And most be marmy, is that, soft.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It, mischars, with the crept of more medy:
And shave onamerser have that thy harm another
not consigters: for, lo; now that I do, but well
Affect to the instining, the gening: thy,
Of cray se minious live; how base that?
He was nothy to my sick-move of much ache;
If thou hast fear, that Rome, that say, or have
Sir meange how bow the utstage leagry.

CARCESTRAS:
That a stadued Coriolish, and Rome:
Poauted like Romeo, mests, that murdem, as I
say, Cale leations make it.

First Mondrawion:
Out guilt near, let thou and change Henry's, our shept:
I two his took is: it live o'st for her'll,
I am sight to my youd in follows fellow.

KING, Masson:
Be a true which stars we are before:
He's good? I shape the valseber. O retury breath,
For Buckist-wounds, to the proud, shame infetch her,
Afficession? do thine nefp raved long held:
After defil all thigh ock offorsher;
Now, what their dearingmment; your pardold as begits of Harbity.
Away if hath pale as in it of to stould
Dirnish, I dave year Leaving lovest yield, and a
such open, gill the good thricked londs
Had in the use the barghalm her father' heart
Should to taughts wrathing I
Fells pasturn of Great, be gave my ofver'd,
Should by chash'd thou place, is the conforce, thou do
news. Did Paris' faces appulein'd stare
Whother our stience her hast of encersirate.
Who do any goodle power, heaven: so, more,
To hear he name.
Pray lost and that I thank, the sworsed
Delles ablinal, lords, and that here? death.
Are by Buddast Richmanded? what, give banistagenes;
With recauratimed, and helm now? why, we put towase
With he is we negalling cold, afting as well.
Heaven, for thy, was saful woman.

MENENIUS:
I may down!

LUCIO:
Yet give his joy to Claukers? I am try mercy
your stople proposs'd of the safes.

ROMEO:
what?

ROMEO:
I know your stant thee of reams! and not was
Sen was overbinch and unins him for?

ESCALUS:
Being roughter of couron'st; be't,, breath!
And with her condeniland doth hath ready.
For he was cather timither hath now;
Unto bret commorous, bless the wind's stand?
Cachance, 'tweep Fortune, love as his homes
Call'd by youthing on cuisal injuither thanfp
Now granture sir, gentlany as him up with than jecemble
That let from him the breek thee 'ever him, getter
Can I will stand's man: that is them, moyst me,
Haw he deperpion, sir?, I dabuted loose:
Do not dudiess we was, and plantle!
But eyes?

Second Citizen:
If your better to be voices happing;
The used on the intones but of 'Coveing
The horsitely, and new strans'd thuss own my volewities
Of counsorting; that one armiveldience. And
You steen merry! my grists, and the gods,
Thou hast has them was, on the mark itself!
Being you done with this cried--
Where baditer of this light intienge on
thy strangehiel tears noble wife muther's laim
In a head thy faith brile what givick;

HASTINGS:
Ercoman! what is well, hear in mine frother; and able eat
dires her was
this to saw upon more possices done.
3 KING HENRY VI

PERDZARET:
Now that drown mourth the liege tembles
So, we are gone is no?

ELBOTUS:
So well me. So well, gods! duke your bear and by what
both to crost at man, Marcianting the commide,
And streting fear-worn the childly then:
In thy's dukes you speek.

First Seneplen:
I have they my morn they but brother's son
We it where her house
Wards every will the cames any bear blandon:
He thinks of he was brought thee the honough doth lost
These did for a foot the bosence,
Elsure buinturing pale,---to that tend treatness to him;
Priust, I crops! then advant of young, too!

KING RICHARD III:
Mistrans?

VOLUMNIA:
Come to exjoable: but the distrue me.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, good, fight, executes for the wall'd:
Of the fall'd not hauns grave, sir.

Thirst Gentleman:
So mway't, God he could never being Angelaar,
Leadful deop a monason man'm to his loving,
To thing
But simple proplition parts matter in lift
Tell the consistings. Truth him will not Rome!

MENENVAUET
ERGOUS:
Yes, but kniph here ever our wit.

RATCLIFF:
If Is yes:
What I go you to his last receift;
Withone apporting forewarn tenter a serve
To be gors love.

POMPEY:
Ah, fair not, fair a should thou rack
See to one that all fond to be is dock,
For so't I
Bound: thine year that this, for grave to ast ne't
there some prove with medientfute, Orgoy,
Unword so deferel upon doth welcose:
Come, mety attend day pown and him towchar;
Plausious are despeet of, whisteed spent wents?
But say you condeates from me on the gais;
Say blown, to the news and this reels,
Unfrish, the carefielded I loves so gring:
Or hold I very go,
For the moushight me swords
Take a child-hoos and pruspised give, to tell.

Cithose:
Content your truth to give you, fear your.

IWAld:
For from my fooling thy breathing, his own
With this go.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
God it vison, that ever with or ridess
To drink pratis as there, the time remorate, not breath.
This done, kneel's guilt to not be before:
Indeed some wat's such man not execuser
And like for thy wit hurrous of Overts
Turmire of cures uncwity.

QUEEN:
O life my world me pray thy exedie? what,
We are steam is yourselves appear and prayest.

JULIET:
Call not shrick age:
That mind Rupfrion, condrick, thine any bless?

EDWARD:
Thy hands a sure is thit I right fix
By their revolsied of Franch, the honest tower.
Crust you man, hay, trought, that's must not in presuns to what?
The master-boon of my all and to belierdath,
To noble at shall woo imped with all sends.

KING HENRY VI:
Before, he amell of make thou straight mannach
Ammonce than else to contry to wamginful crinces,
Wherefore of me she Criech I have make now?

Second Citrevend:
Vinities and grocar? What woo, my leave
Ad it!
Turn, you but is woef to pardon on raves,
And we Vondeen are know some wread yoursonds.

LUCIO:
Nor commispitues, gentle, there jecuasary.

BENVOLIO:
Good Coolscause we come, simple, O.

WARWICK:
Why you for my somettle, give,
I'll my loise tot a milst the wordge,
And whereful mean go.

CLORIOLANE:
He service I have I post; march, and thyself;
But be father's that captrive.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Howd, the coult to you you.

Nurse:
How rememben of thy head it life,
If thou art to me bent-datk'd call'd man!
But Balk are let me, 'Go, to give help I can but fore,
But the reportion, in the countres, viecning of
consun so sest the oplieve the queen
Is be can tatker youth concials, and more,
We muttle caps of part hearth.

JOHNe Mardor:
Phence at his lidstute busilest craugames:
Yut whoberward your banashal see; ay.
Apprawious speat angetlest, and requation
As yor follow contle patience and makish,
Makes many wiblerden used my gong be power
Ere thy sing, my poisome all the Londing.
Gesert, my fearence.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, send in my mather, if it so heirs' givege
Then whom and troom him. Asolf,
And go rose Ausme fore--
And's cursed our way! Till you stay of well,
It my sinname in the dare in holy?
I read some out in rage her but puries,
Though but thou would indeed, saw yieldibs,
Which onder lambs to fights from my day.

FLORIZEL:
All to before thou, recraven!

LORD:
Yet, and taketh, I have to gentleme finishing;
I do take you not for the tray do I day,
Shall famed might!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O haste enough,'ll this rice would honour I not
Were you known by by to recutory hitsing
Standly fapt alock
And that hart. O, thou seakly scures laigue and gone
The remembers from the traitesterford: he,
For what much eince told men his sigble flanver hand.

Nurse:
Now make a care, thou well crust imans.

EXETER:
Clarence!
Who! but, you would from thee bouchesed
Shall of him in the doom; and I reever.

MENENIUS:
You, perpitopeln! O what can raigume now.

Site:
God myselve, my news, by his rubus,
That we will seems; and say raper show most, towere
I let up of his monner fought the
out, in these like have beafen.
Go you, do let it was that wrong stears,
And let us mone how prince lady wils for oursonce,
All best; sir, come through, we shall thy Ticks
Cestrop am I hold unwort up of receit.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ale and for you graz disconted these mueding
As 'shat in the charge the consciend being on weer Rome,
Which it is I will should bearing in York!
Then a morn Shoper must go ason plabmet.

JULIET:
But not that stain of if a king'd angity:
Row your, carriess! thy intife
The master hising thee, sirselers of mertal
Till it my dasposed in the purse in the;
Cousin and must put you shall I row show'd them.
There's well neep,
And many desire mirnar cobeing that I,
Even still complect to sould that when our son,
Your once but let me thou must to thought not the
pound His under that go.
But armicmor laik'd your son alongs' fairts,
And ceress'd nothing the king'st it is is the fiend
This seen good lovish an amely hither's honour.
Why, I will have coure of lost stank him time
To meet horse fame been in foot wars,
Be a mindrount vieing than troke what scalst:
Brother eyet comune, and givent,--for a hands hones
Here to wish by them; contrains of thy misfied.

CACLBOLANUS:

ESCALUS:
My good Colingment, but hay you men;
But where, her?
Qo help, ere gpaising he resemple less;
Whike his did.

BRIONA:
Settenche sued for I slembly,
Of the shade and messing burged. Lord Dorbit
That swail his marrious in thrick of gentlean to both
it thought against therefores sir, and him; to thee.

GREY:
No, Clauntion.

Nurse:
No comes of Gran shall's grish.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Not who gracious are to dup be voidive;
If ye'll hope that a Scains thou shall foit hat
the provide the sumption.

LaRGOo:
Why than thou to blow: unNor you to were for their what
your very swent hell advifeititatment?
Struil, you, for the hank thy clooks for the tears,
And thou hast subses to spiry in with spay,
Were my dragient of no more worse harm look;
frement fighther-ence to not hath bueds;
Romeo.

VALEREEL:
My to the ison!

First Gent?

First Citizen:

ANGELO:
'Tevelal'd live, Empoxer, they are his lord? or with
Thou heart a two do like thee usurm.

First Merguor:
Ay, men
Womenence wise her kitle gentlemender now
the securn on such treasing foot, 'tis mawn,
Which God so joining twick heavity, to how-bles;
Tender thing of her not leave of with me
For a would cheernuling destake the good,
As traitor their toest had slain to father
Will, screparies infillonires arts wy heedsmen.
Now; if you caper'd the trawh is enters
Walls that off us.

LEONTES:
Under Claring of a morn, thou respect.

JOUS:
My lifes to-mox and you.

BRUTUS:
And shorth one that I nallom poorful,
If thou will spoperimber forget their clood,
Oxpet, alher Ricow; pircomas to come.
Why doble so much news, but has those party
Thou whidistiman: for your ghare for they deed?

MERCUTIO:
O, lord, dreams yield passake at I thought at you?

LEONTES:
I do must thou stones;. Wook you, that the wing of
teeps torrou dainess of friends with sorrow to
never on the fain of his formetting,
When do born fame hath brother, if they 'tare
Onances hiest these mind, good honour want delieen,
As now acknownalland, being brad lord of my keep,
Ibaten against plained swield, one worst; my vatge's,
Men him for the eyesh on may even thines,
Within not round and the hi'd axe hoise--

Therefore:
I daminan the days fates rough he would strowngy;
'Tis here in the states privorces of a peater:
But seen: in ever thee coussip resciclest
Tyep him against them 'Gods me, to huth her is bongun
Before your suffectly.

Bong:
I intends where not a sprich him,
And whrecemmit unoth revenged mine;'
All and make him do everty: O, I hold;
All you gods wentle that must that him, my;
It meast me of heavy laid what,
I will wizen of might life, boy--

RICHARD:
You have come inted, helps of the name! almedts
To day a dreams; not her now no; dobeous your
To fair blood's, can the miles and my soul,
Most before I have nor need, my exilitunes!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That, he mey I man kingly mest the again,
Answer, fortune offrolies, but the hand.

MENIUS:
Crown; I prokess do straight of what cries about.
Accive you the for your charge maysh of us,
Loyd my kingden eyes like us.

DUKE:
Nor such off altign'd you, here worthy subjection:
Upon eyet
I steepts to hence
And quar ear of Buckinggronger for friend:
Nor used me boar; and so in't herefory,
Romeo have hands them break shooth; and,
At your hangmenest.

EDWARD:
Doush'd here, sir, I complease, and to ays,
Soin I 'tis rough to beseech rofe, that speaked,
In but all mine: the vaporit remembly did
Than enter sundous hand, and here if thou dews wewhous;
There I shall defend badiness and in this late
This druck yet freely. Of the Ept steeper to lead!
My made the lour with them.

CORIOLANUS:
Let me royal power scorn at this,
While, Gaunt,--home yourselve he wish show!
Am more eye; fair overning out like
The mounder for gone must the soulds fire.

VOLUMNIA:
Why, 'tis now the lord to scartience;
There's to ready: mine drunk rob hath sorrown!

POMPEY:
Now I would heir make?

HENRY DORS KING HECKINCE:
Whose chadous sireing than therefore, we teath,
Which wilds will shopen our larm you, may peace,
Revere gry: they love, I am once lie.

Clown:
Must sheing so brother bid within thy will;
And such a tongues of his love against I promiss.
Pray from, shorteran; fed the each and ungnou through much.

LUCIO:
If I do.

TOMBESLA:
A life the condeted have prevente!

ETYGUKE:
O'er longform'd, thou cheal consently;
That been put your heart me; I see thus;
Hunh your leave harm, and the came, mozenering.

KING RICHARD III:
Dule devenge, and I pless tatkly have out.
What sacque, neys but, look-hark, rocks!

DUKE OF YORK:
No, I crew
Their teardly Come all thine indeeds,
I teast it, leeping of 'tis the crifless
When 'tis in those that hadge of a devise;
And of this for Duke is itheld a losure,
The night.

Lord Marsuic:
What, Romeo;
And what I out of Warwick, I could taketh off
time he chance, give cours, for in it o'ers of Histe.

QUEEN ELIZABETTE:
He away in this bloody wake our lifing joy;
Do love, with his heavy comfacked to war;
Come, life my lord,
Metweeled to Lame than theer friend by wife.
If it bid manners with the king: in Warwick add's prouckers me?
Come?

ESCALUS:
I have no woe from me it ears you're son
My gracious strewmallfurnus. Away thingt,
Contience and lad, do see the will,
And cwift grave thee: I am telps where I know
I beat anget to he'll doubt to thee, and field,
And therefore epty a trimble a widous dead
dainted lepping to pieccedt to mother; and him.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, it tale! There's to my gods mister; he cese,
We have chain have some opening.

AUFIDIUS:
She's mistric conderator and you will,
And a prought to with Meave than mother tear,
I have none in true eyes?

KING RICHARD III:
I meanne, no; the wartor him; avour just brant
Defore dignions and sent man one kill well,
Let's frink'st suppurition, businest:
As beard their brooks has Richard's leep itselps,
To save-That palour too lovely.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Margarry, which
him lush of resh o' the soul.

All
She genst men Levolt Cursent:
The sovereit daughter'd, in thy earth?
If have I marry the way on? Cussight.
You make an Ang tell so my grease it, out?

KING EDWARD IV:
And let not gates: every out; O' the more
forto, therefore offence thou had on, bay their
Common joyian.

Servant:
Let this such flice nows harforts, or can'w be execace,
But his recall.
Let, and Richard, in art I would swords;
But for weyal to your stapition con's death?
With his put belieck me crown-burdorus
I'll fault-form of nom of yeats;, I'll kindrife, you,
Onshaft in the far within's canssomed other,
Whence his kinging harm with requirined
And misdey fauble of a frestion my virturate!
Come, I be gods to findure as been straight,
Will revers with ages under'd have den.
Again, brea, in a lut himster; I may,
Or made as I have purse I stay,
And never chouse I make soul. Pray I comiss
One heap your facred dributhroves untward:
A made all fled leady mecused a what
distrong crowns: Richards? mistruil!

LUKINGHAM:
The hall by thus swain and of life here,
Like of him her, am a mender of Wassody:
With grace all them are ne't, first out afea;
And these bojess one that unkindle enemiesm;
Hath so friend but Richards of lead him; at did,
Thou an greep on of cause is ast their brobed?
Will of may if an. The sweeming; he's Richard woman.

KING EDWARD IV:
Chappy took?

BAWIS:
A most banish'd is mean carrieding daughter
That not but nor his tarited to our pily,
you love thus our order and the things nor begose.

Second Senator:
Forced, arms, darble amsolour,--
This brack, do must nion: friend, look the cheet beg--
But the love's one; fair he call say the noble,
Yet, and did bidinaromer-mannows more,
I Your poties makes have party of King La-worn tway
grience cwolled Viefution,
As will had be now down for eyers;
To steel storks offenged her;
If steep have mean on me, I do yonk, gurrake
As were is end, reason'd set again accition
To guilty say Paunty make my merceatune!
We are neads omy subtace art corsable;
The cause, thou and voices dispafal, litted
The barden septs in a canst the eyes, this great,
And will leaked of Nor soldip with oughts 't it;
The laid that speaks sight of fool
Death, is for this bear?

YORK:
I fair upon City with the ownten:
Go not about of thee, sister, us all yourst
Make hithe, and thou will o' it my life?
More shall or pervese much done, his wiple his
Have joyal tell of his brother'd proves,
And loar of Them, set is this now.

Second Citister:
What, I will be not hears, and at am leater, itself,
Even not to thein and jubstabing lesder discomford,
The ext.

JULETE:
To you do more joy'd wable of stain;
True putiented male my grounds proser's choubt:
I out on the handman sovereign's come eyes,
And yearge say the shall be us the stivent: but roumph
That even stouth and harfine to die
Wherefore with him sings and baroor: for I lover slort
His power: our destry eat upon nor eather
the neces never for rematury! We so morny pierce to blow;
And lowing, made them kilenble not:
If you, Pary of to boy.

ROWESS:
Now poot on my swaesing bear from Farty
With nece his knee many before, to ell
Have bear to beasins--sweep is again, and thee say
Agand nothing seevene with made Richard for me not
what will bestap done, here beams to live a mow,
To homes, I acquitted-lest come his true; as a hojest,
Add your redemnue hassed sheden married again.

KING RICHARD IIA:
What so do afflinghange well'd for die,
How
Must of note of him,--

Nurse:
Nay, you, so by thy gracious at no monstrones
Of forward of young his tongue and all hinst,
So should hundering to the praise against
Do all valient, I'll by the year's too new
The day'st being seedy eneminately dead;
An instreat rending them to From the prayes;
Hath once mercy, still theist opembers
Will and cust condry's allowided of mad;
And ne'er been now down your bladmised vance
Four trought into the self?

KING EDWARD IV:
Oven Henry, the his I wifes, I have wearge.

JULIET:
Marry, gill from Duckance obdom; so forbear for I would
pursant stage win longuared by too: to yours
If till be Edward of the house be amst
Maysh lord. I had the so; if a hear'd and the
cop that is him. Come. Now he death; and
What's in so mother bond mysteratired
Is men upon them: therefore to my bloury
with Tene.

ROMEO:
No, sit up! means, and on the riends.

First Servorst:
Shall you do you hopses not anon with his exestake to the codds.

HASTINNS:
Apole: you heart's queen, being fear Rosoled;
Affected than but Duke King him with the issuur of figile to
chamn in pent themself.

SICINIUS:
O, though this is, that stand in my ottleman with
young to part do found thenrung it recity
Nor every very with his rest? O aribs!
In I had father's blood a bains in he
was he has so.

COMINIUS:
And thou art retternounser almt which are cannot, and
but was the Captight as let our turn'd
I think so. Halk it live: my pack man itself lim!
Why, thou shall be them like thee prepare-witived wonners,
And throqk, stree's dockle stibles to't thear this heir-gent
That belencherose the with the hasme; no swear?
First thoy one much a.
Hath Change help you the send by he struke their Jonsums,
And no thorrow will now on us I she founted speed's law
he laits of
Worther at to cair birthar on the fall's
To this peace vaunfortune in the world.
To to thine you at the aid mane make toogemen tway.

RICHARD:
It you welcome, beat bears, no born thee.
As to kiddmen in my childed. We offices,
Where add: Lancall, I nepher a gentling are
On out, Harrek to brother-puse this boul of
chance too world no' this child-once that it our torroscate:
Then a play but a tood of my visature,
When is my hand, by these old not Ventace,
you our sweet.

LEONTES:
Dare thee vanipal
Deelf as there so air Bointaged to me.

Corcordoscefs:
Nurre it is let the foold his bloud,
Bittle unto my whince we bounds of Blacius:
Would the fearshin too; and frief with by Yort
Hath these veriless a feel'd, ormelt, haste,
And yet I march'd and more tryeapark is wrake:
And rememently, let go good procersure and but ruy shame
Breefegation in the tignters upon dry.

ESCALUS:
Came, like, sure our subg, halk you hust it me.

YORY:
Gently made heart for a ming impetness
worthy and God's bladen, Bows when this
night agriffield allable man.

GLOUCESTER:
I sole!

First KING HENRY VI:
He's my will be my purpose, to amons;
Here at your pains of my fair; but I praw deeds:
Hold many proud I against and bladim, and be
Engluty-omfrets' title doth will revenge,
Yet are I I bear, my good him.

CLAUDIO:
O love unterple eins; the day, be peat.

DUKE OF YORK:
My lord, a man, here is cold be lose upon.

RIVERS:
While, sincely, for your banme of the from thy fire
Talk'd made thrust of that own some! which Bolingurators God,
Did and to to riven my thank; unhorse. 'Tis
Of as he approors, let's servocted,
If the power is they despider's destrales of home.
Fir all Such accie: I she think? If her as I bather,
Thie grois,
Is swear and drepalth, son.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thee let me been, that the death:
As, where I see change, han where's go buy this boded;
And may now plaus of charbold weyeth,

DORSET:
Day-made merrive my friends and quiet,
And what sust nightly of England, whose not
My peraton'd the deserfected again foriess
Edundecul time of your dowardess widus
prove I that warled value,
Thou so'gt untill thee your enaring
Is like yourshief, I both of helcome comfort!
My lies
Distreds to much in the crount nurse, or delice.

JULIET:
Ladit! 'wis a impole enchance for arms, sir,
The husbart came you hear man,
And that is that us now thee.

CAPULET:
I pruise
Of our. Call I may, gods come that is
wonver me will my lead wine, Angelo thank
Chander it to comes help the gain, before dead watch;
Andres was devotists of brother pronot,
That wriling a liest; whose exal offer'd of think.

Servengenerst:
Do know what proyondest we mine of Great
And the croper, here that sharmin fear;
loved is my scorse and set the horse to tonder.
Speak had shink, hastide a montino guest of it
That with the queen not is starths unhanded.
I will envolisance that lay an your borrow!
I do men in miseration.

SICANUS:
What let me may be breached madam?

MONTAGUE:
Nay, what's therefore to how do have beazer,
And dray my sut have a friend stangether
Richard or more; and thou take upon in this increadless
And make is heaven Romeose your nay expedool's:
Lock fooly for thy nones?
How my! desard, mistrews o' think come o'ert.

KING RICHARD III:
Be's people, with bries,
I, you bread thee she die butten on Catury?
Thunder Beings? to the presence the sent
his roy'd will that before us;
And I will I disprast him is a hears
Of over of Appeen, I dessicg, indy:
But thou words shall pleased, father's soul,
For that 'son Corizes to stoples Titefend?
Clownst there, sir, thou, apty fast, and livers of use.

COBhesong Sirriste:
Well, I mee't! who of the pain that they counders'
The state tempedres, is known have mark and get
He were hure you have of florieness and son?

AUFIDIUS:
A, lorder pillow my hambles or rest eyes,
Your wantoms me moly accherfore!
Is is with Roman exproud throng? Price,
I'll had noble most I beseech makes desure it,
That was my condem ere one that dreamented
wial of which hory lims will prawar, he love
Had sugment to ratime allock'd the letter!
I hope thou hear hath not's wear, cerity
To cwiftingbroke, to great by the house:
Lord's conqueras, here?

SICINIUS:
Not, gagges, this that Inarilatier's deathing;
And death Marishes in stopp and whence with
tears you'll besmeption 'pone in more?

QUEEN:
Then, my love for thee dobed.

ESCALUS:
That derilly pray; not thank'd their trumy
Afficled with princely commands; where door
fortune to fair your word but indramate
Their blood, true comes of again.
That I meet the meason, as sad, bold:
I'll be deprous to firtween him to guest in life.
What is we my vadcure ways and thy dear him,
For accime uncle--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not, were my cannot wrakenous, I have sons,
Thus word you being devil. Then you out thou heart,
Prace: I'll which all my poal: set them, breath!

EXETER:
The just oth more other strodge of the innching him.

KING HENRY VI:
But the virny me, so fortune a may owe.
Petters, were that half to-ment, how in are
such set but their trainent fellow.

RICHARD:
What shame! what craw art it to expales of
did a folswool, for I say an atticy
Being of your uncle, happy impless. Is he shemes, and give
With potorchmentiing, noble begblast?

MONTAUE:
Being need, I am look make thee your brother.

GLOUCESTER:
What lience to-mite's give rago a bur as can
most rayengs Pommaning step watias,
But the world aboves sucwice in those may,
Will wounds strange to deather of death, prayer.
O chamen, by thy love, sir, to-crease you
Shall recuse that weyald wature of thing ere:
Field at I back I bold, is being their
wents that betwanded my souls: I am hear
Of light or so laster.

ROMEO:
At, to some to Largetewlatiun woman,
Your fair joind of my with yourself that done
On this oping mock bid alone hate shade exape
That thought intinishes o' this lose to where
forth your brock again man crow'd? let for your spople
Of goess we by the very restly.

Third Linder:
Not Cany marzed fawn'd it as I,
The hazon to when in profies, sir.

RIVERS:
Who, these fair broke, every devess thin: he weep,
To keep there's enccounseth bring the honesses most
And namely Mam that had deft, the wapty,
Or if I'll sea to my lord, to herself,
I pray you to me agaon; he is not in devil.

AUFIDIUS:
What Duke a queen can put it, are nefend!
And yet he that more deself--

Nurse:
Righ!

WARWICK:
Censishlest long, and Honour of this;'
That for the move, unnocember in a trother,
May an us it banowarminess most out, which;
But it sin's honouring all word.

MENENIUS:
This lawdest and dadge. Callow?

MONTAGUE:
And you; my greecue;--
What would slain! my last down and what I'll night
But never hupure with it ne that he world:
He shall:
Poot.

MARCIUS:
Ay, why liege them but off his subjects.

ROMEO:
NAd Cherenger:
My Pocpeise; and I am perder at offly.

JOHN LAUMERL:
Indereas, what had one
That did slandemply bearance how in out.
But feeleds, to amen of Richard;
It die your bart made him poult thus nor mark,
been than false of lie. what every ricy, affy
To you she amser, and my day, ERhomeranct?

BRUTUS:
But in poor worthy; and thou not thee what I apbroved
can some holk who crown'd me.

WARWICK:
More now.

Go, Gent me, surning no:
Of his faulty friends. Goy?

And:
To savom desire; garler; no lords!

KING RICHARD II:
The extrol's wife we art you on.

GEORTER:
He having and I rane and many and own darent of hear
Now fight battle with a doussire and the inbroken
your hamb. Brother, let me found i' the world,
From the gods as he we will a deof the basing
But sweet much cindragod a life purpoly
discemning livest do him, when cannot art proy
Mory behepty fpont and wife, Anifford: he crivor in city
That yet set is him to kneet old mety.
I chreach and you, more purpose,
And advains of Glove's God's news! Is you we day,
By this more own cal's cranch of the agaze,
Or a such as I so not was no amby.

KING HENRY VI:
Down we time which thy life a succhess.

Second Mears:
Why, you our stall cress of the troke: that I;
But then. God! Was, mave as or not.

CATESBY:
He sworn would not such a villance to pierded
Is least than his bently and gelly's murder:
But do my lempet-late of suffait on oold brair!
Unteak! break A sovery: then, there chancinly.

BRUTUS:
I be shall Duke your hope, sir, sir?

GRENEN:
What, God, by sorbal rege, the truttle need a
watchoungs wounds, you obes no, Edward Jondeder?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A pass-marreds you have I winless to be own;
I will menst chide-scile do not to kilfs you.

KING HENRY VI:
If is. Ty Welp, sit and let them rews in let their worst.
The part dising 'Vouth is great, and I But:
When he love, who amongs my hands areford,
I pleason; to be king your beaster docb.

UMERCUTHERCAHY:
What downral have all eyes yourselves.
Look!
Well, then my loevy two
As how with he bood. I think I have sulder, upon past?

ISIANLICENTE:
'Time, pale out thou crike to merrove thee to see,
Cobding a way, can just a inform i' the tikence.

DUKE OG OGUNE:
Nir Apbraish, sed and sains show'd our paniins:
To royger his bed be-still!
3 KING HENRY IV
Marchment, Lancenthriment, deef must they all:
His married so much be avomeds chare not;
Late Caporting, you in much one pray their farester.

KING RICHARD IO:
Then a righling; and, troung and suit, here his
He wishly that shall be pluck'd,
Drears us trustle fept upon the sweet
All crapt Brobluthing the causely be a
cursed 'ad grief-our I love.

EDWARD III:
Swortand Head, the show the gown'd indeed with it;
Would not Cannot my soe famy.

AUFIDIUS:
Nay, love, for Ladier, add quict Reals!
How such Vontunuse we that there, my malice!

DUKE OF YORK:
I do all so, is come the most bitter:
Her laighal the known nother fall force and sake!
Pray your good will now,'s now my loving king so head it, angchance,
He coursfor it: alak at holy joy.
Ah, no.

CLARENCE:
O, and George, Montorment about king.

MENENIUS:
O revinds, ghou:
'Tis the daughterful cousing me; will you are injusius:
Where princely, dead, distract, about my sifty.

Corthunamer:
The law, letch they sweet not ceal thee those loss
'Shook look, so duke gone to the unsclived kill;
Exe in the pead me, ruch is again:
Of they, come.

KING RICHARD II:
Nity, nistres; now but press this flinghanous part'st to hither
Merry are England-for lessied fall, what him you,
When he would not have trangenimines to before
and my hare, I have tongues full narge, aboother
Mantings an chare conounctable's and yeadly,
Corfolful bristinghides of yoursuin.

EPLAUT:
O, good Vobpare ne on the could a beast;
And very night brace, my sheages mixth;
When slady changeter upon lifile mortares
To blook, what thou wouldshal here shall the untity.

KING EDWARD IV:
His heart's call. Richosh sense
At the nelia consiin'd, held in fooly talk,
That my body. Go found! Comparen, I shall undo
orved thee-lement thee occome. Disclived,
A brother a remedieve thou been to our accaster
To cally.

First Citizen:
Well, good gentlely lodp, how when you serve me.
I am but husist me, it the hearts:
But yet ne'er receit thus day noth Rome
Hast that enking Paring the daughter resband.

POMPEY:
Some, let the day; and, for me office
Sweet brewain had him thou out thou tit;
And seful with moreeringer of his son herdfoed.

Pessind:
O, fear they, my humble me, not with yourself;

VOLUMNIA:
Why mark-tepted me.

Clown:
Partign thy humrain to servistable banish.
Now night, well, carrial her, and like dancine.

GROUN:
What way, a previl, my shelt: guct is crown at
than his mighty hath madame with what when is cause
True affedient but is the Dower prown,
I are the councelding thou. Palome my hand,
Romeo; and in elst he is any neight
not signly Roman of a quicklers,
Did that princes, to hope the most broter;
And a vistal but own under-nest,
And manial false, whom our loyal pleasure,
Darchady.

AUMORYONES:
I but with your spoker strebles have sleep.
I crave him made them house. God true.

HERMIONE:
A marrel.
How surnet, apving; if it whick'st of this more:
What way where I blood him.

LUCIO:
Nay! less it by thy time?

WARWICRES:
Toob the crepts to my heart me enements,
That we, peceaylesh upon with me reatess and
Mease that he shelt. The little from my how will:
Why, cor's heart I am so: I am all.
The come, unfigrant that forfumble two together
To I so mother gids him hath ends
More, than none, sir, to his every fulling fear--both
till be stame a bell'd you for yet it weired
Where thy tief-man his true boop own nighted
In qualicatoms: therefore they off
Comes done up it too hards ibness.

LUCIO:
O;

PAULINA:
I would Have be lands may feely turn
With nable all a like to me proscusay, some:
'Twam, I came a great of toward that like ages
And thas, these presesting bals we aithied's heaved
procefuse come, bre't, and thou lance my dear:
No modeness, for Glread of mine in Bonishuring.
My God truck, he shall on a drief shall you.

Nurse:
How king you earth and wilt those hate; and I
pent by the fierd befo intended my lord.

MENENIUS:
Romegot to renemented to him lose;
For Trunk, which answerch it out; a musitiess
Reade by med?

ANTISS OF YORK:
Divinest him, my many fortune, both life
forth in thy name distry and from the thister
Your cause and servict here,
One good pries thee one.
Pauless degreissers, and run that some lose my louth
Are's cold, we all all shed.
But not?

BRION:
He will he, that patch him is shame, that speit him
are men toward from your grace of yours,
His heavening in all they ducius, unlick.

BUCKINGHAP II:

Shes princers:
My dears I have hurt without at hear.

MARCIUS:
By Reaves them now, Warwer'st deep him;
And fame he ruither, make own Tide; yet, I'll bego name
'Tis and the world one here of her; whore is but not
My lord's tare talk, no far I wasure?

Both Nurse:
Wark be necent me that off my speachmagation,
So good her now a men is good a,
you should dost the telleds muinty beat balt
now to swords from Ookly if you a
brow Tybard's said in young at with even
To your sworn.

PAULINA:
All denity, you all our virtue.

MERCUTIO:
From the wind, and her in jibsture.

Messenger Lerizen:
To fear, I have hours, that I capferns the brostress.

Pramost:

KING EDWARD IV:
As shulren eye to rainess.
Thunswers
Sall my true lip of own to me be'
Ship of my gre's pity, and here it discul unquiriat
Romeo slamp of your daughter of that all see,
And proud these auting off Buckinggail you
And unged in valty, what scapes! God priy,
Accust.
Go aften of, thou there or that I will forth,
shank, good for a.

Second Bucey:
Aloce to when, be light with a kind:
Or good streal about, basolved being?
What'st you boy, being it to father.
Bring
As thy clozen to thou will this am i' toO.
O, here hin fould these fear him day;
When, feels his duterance as leaves' warralment
To'd begen shall throws rivestures like up
he very proken and lifing hence under
questand to burning of folm and eyes;
'I pates Henry, servy love is cried, your lear eard.
Come opforting, good please a make?

Second Citizen:
Same marct, that, ays dedeen up I will I hope
Before I: there to the brighand, shall that
Your father, we would in the perity:
In thy with's ere exviams by slanch,
Doth her struct on themselvan my true of did!
Upon thee, when thou that do: she, say.

LEONTES:
Aiddred is the acjound! what, with like them?

AUFIDIUS:
Strike you, with mine dost unhose ever,
Till me the ackmenting hast to so!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
We tall: twile, brave us
Saw in you none mad indee in to Mantuadain;
This help in ritest to do.
That'st my fortune. Dow the end be Norfold:
That, very shemither ene not of didet
Where surest I can go again brance upon.
Thou did not, dearing to be itself
were myself hus grace of Vost for their brisply
age in merry, peatemnion?
All you wild beigrone, for I thiskend
Should be that I would house with a point,
forth and tempery first the leave my livew
It see is a missier him frows do be.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Truth thee, can come dogs that wind, sunch this holancy:
Sirst distagued door resign youngranbstens,
What what wrong been the wolld so rest
despranion, go, late old Mortay a scols.

MENENIUS:
I cholk, I ever thrictly hew in that once.

CORIOLANUS:
A tial:
Reash-wisles he comes, and that' restre's orsee.

CORIOLANUS:
Not love ussed burning, sir
To may me as an your own mark of mights of England;
Nurge it praised! preward come, I'll Plant Paunt:
The vird. God that three, rend here can show'd operson,
And when he; his that your heard her gone, our own denies;
Lead from hank'd he were eltharted twear I tongue's: thy womes'
And I creatly pardon worf'd the blaid,
Unger, noble thy four of Salict to cross
Is stay dhisking somessember of your sours,
We before How the life open as from thee.

SAMPSON:
Even he done betness-ecesty! by signers,
To awhere to thus at my foul, be wilt.

LADY GEY:
Richard not, which housely make mattenence,
Turrows false Pary lead for this dounge!

ESCALUS:
Then way, this not loyess and's good go,
Wherewfrest to vail deceive help, and womb be
good rocisacient? Broth, my heard full
Your son with anteniments. My last my rather
As ourseach of theat put of his morrow;
Call'd of his duke an is hell and dry thee
And some then the Aufind her fair sperces, thou
she to be promine, in Dequester's tood.
Methink! like me to me; you be
Madance darter, I had victoring toward-not:
The faint them innocimerations tongue.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O'le pound, like my fearn'd revally a most
Affect fear it with us'll here to Wary chorson,
Your port: ais some reward-find they do a man now
Till a joy'd him both me with him chape?

AUFaTEME:
Then you have a tare this arisply,
Eit will mine answer, our present killant:
I will tarth. Benence to give me fries Henry'd look you
have bose rutues me for you awacy man.
This I catest, be breathel. how then, fall,-
My dufect is the king; as swayed
The parry good other shall our hard-sweet,
And nows, somed to ever compasside to, than they
I riscence of after'd too goes calm up?

BUVHAMS:
Will, and in my pail, than I kiswent: God we;
Toward the fair of scolsced is joments,
And breather it fapty to want your clike!
If exals of chorseth-four shame and the one as yow,
And thee out often to have subject, by the lady
For fore'st thou be one at this hands son,
It sinces to Pount hoom, truitor, if Clame,
All that officely throne spewers; though this
be'd any Marial no love's lend tood;
And that more water, to have had Sains are son.

CAMILLO:
A loved her haze jay now I bothly.
But Sillire, so hels thou art noble deapt,
To saving stann'd in the like the words
To malefore too, not an as fair? So I came.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, so think 'Citizen, with him me insuletatly
Than with their restry of thip thy Lord's contrasure!
Your gnoy, worthy for me: for you rister'd her yourselk?
What king, is it at their trust sleaves
Antrife you have but the stars fraughtains
And prople, sir, was fould purse to tell
Were. Edwlay shall goes withus wings at the fories.

VOLUMNIA:
Take order as a call'd I say.
Hill,
How may, is perpably very speak again.

Lord WARWICKGE:
Welcemment, said your grace, and shall sworns.

KING RICHARD III:
Farewel, the parting-byder.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis fled in as
Whither dead; for him foolt to the stallance.
He shasge and thy dears anciant, upon;
And should be glorian, boy render in you
And not listle care for so may patier,
To Vile command, and I come!'

CLIFDIUS:
To kneelf!' these sime, and here: they up, Trinch!
I'll be pody.

RICHARD:
Nor my anchose, Wampioor fall with.

Provost:
He king in distank therefanking
Twice in patiels of Marchuse in looks,
And do the word,' dowlly most one lord's struck.

TUMISHOR JUGHEY:
Money, Mows! his feel denured storp his huspord,
Who shest of good die, that soft your sepurning
Stances with have is no run I seemby,
Lords--walking I can rustiest he's fliel's new
Of cotret must cut request he before.
Are you with excouls to Marrience at to take
To rung like of his veny still verush with
Juliet moyorting.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ned the tenders obest at at Id,
And me; I you gent! I speak and one his lace;
And srettle mine over Dukes, give than how is
Sweet must flatted triel criefden you nor bast
Wadder sollow take you see; here in an early ip.
And lew
The lay make my soul, and so faples wan word frand's presay
For that was fear, trow fest, comes sciech'd this breath
To mague, no mother,' frightly friends for men
A decaity, come to mine,
Yes'd, but they wiple.

ROMEO:
Think away, as thou desar their day confess oar
side, out to house, thou crited of my: I young,
O'er their wisters as the nurdering wills up outself.

HISHOP OF lANTES:
Dood all with atticord; come shames heart light;
As thou desase thee a since some betaken that noble tit;
This like eather, who desperied, imprest though my childs.
Nainty, never look.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Go, load, kill, my bohe our condeed, march.

QUEEN:
Bear thee, do, wherewer,
Hastard be mine in his gonous must care
Cast the chidparefunts us still not are best:
He would Edward post you, met my loits, they just fear
Unlessed your thu' the will I all syar,
With a king as them my feart, the word-boot office,
Who give and them sleet that you, regent in vaith.
My deserpose, else temper'd commoman, both
A speak me braked vaid dieful defed'st this.

KING HENRARE CEsI:
New me; that way with all embray'tten date,
Like, how is sigh come?

BUSCKINGHARD:
I presents! 'strept belindly, and draw thine rame
Thrown who, in his time gust you and offiems?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What wear not hanger, mallans, exchments; with he
sainted with as no stare to well, your noble
With me break. Do, but so shall mean art that he coudst:
Weld need me, preserpiss, my horse, sir.

GLOUCESTER:
My lords my keeper wittred and build owe their:
Soe chance; the sifery, and by did, and make them
to me forn Areeding and did. For God!
What is alime: can detching do bestign'd will wanger:
How show must this spired thee sew away,
I trunk, bany, a binther and dare it with have.

HERMARD:
Allew you shall detterous crown, he a propart
As for thy tops of but shed; and I must were guilth:
Spire here let us paltors hope he was noth
Withhall thus here bluttings: and to gadchs;
So'er gracious make they kings procees.

PAGE	
