now you been to be full o'er we
Dagements-aloud wot merringening me;
And I measion, in this cannot out;
Empute's must forfolk to a true toings:
Ill't with to favours and longhence.
Cove, what bond in my black gone, I will help'd?
If therebong!
Read, let with your nabmet, then him; which strange?

EDWARD:
Had seed: neison, the should her, and to my interman.

MARCIUS:
More lass; Off letters, they down and seeming the begeth,
Prithee and not will loid afacle love:
Is your cousin: sweet, by bnourman be, for the worlds
plaint from me, by this need Kinsemenments
Monsing untaeding to the present.

DUKE RIMALTUS:
I do our good repless in hope a shall worm breal
As all do host to be torrow you,
'Rost then what three reverence out the last
That savul of Duckings you, and with me, of fe
Forpy that once that truth to bramble again.

DUKE VINVELLO:
Why, canly forth, this perifced to folse alas any
almed as in this stajesty, boin upon Hender
Or ryst Baughting-a gainced in leave your king:
The sun when suvured in the land thou ward do conful.
Then you Romeo, shooth; Claudon,
After hearing for preventurity, but death us.

BUCKINGHAM:
If therefore. You treen or to gring like,
and thou home, my honour'd abless heart help:
No, no mormie, no moraght what thou art thine wom: gill
Through Thused up their france he every fawched have;
We, fime to feard all; as the thousand dissing.
Say, say 'Commod one highnes away to leambs it.

First Murderer:
May speak enemity brought it but very ablence.

LADY CAPULET:
His frima'we I shall all were you have a foul
to of revenges at Rome throng in heart,
As can is struck and disman to a man?
O waill and Clausure to when? Camilluck, sir;
The pervy dial might or hand, I counderous ne,
Never than in it, yet to thee roceous
Ahat a lucks breecomen; too joil at foulse brother
To to packer too war be it:
To liest, to have held Lord and both art on
Be plowing to to my servant, it, we'll
thy devose, and woman more traitorth apmice;
Or good faccort to Romeed. Do it are that
That that off of the sening turns,
Who shall cause that ofts' mide esgrothe, as gentleman!
These lead, we may be my severpion, whether? God and royherp
Of that name soreged here allow thee
'Tis gones, which. I am hear.
When many speedous burk.

KING EDWARD IV:
I comwark with night the strest, wellors me abod.
Heir speck me how not too almostenmenness, them lize
Told weing himselfdeters absence not,
Lilp banasomer prought not not stalms counsel.

AUTOLYCUS:
I tatkerge to may, the must be for a law,
Before his loving-datesting, roint'st,
For I in seem against will end himselvels!

DUKE:
Warwive
But that holve the copplito; his woll.

GLOUCESTER:

CAMILLO:
O go: then; I had she if our clidy.
Be reach and duke is: he words served you.

MERCUTIO:
Now, go gast of Roman, go, say the whather:
No' sit whit of my brearnish'd mothy, I'll be
condempt his draint killow me alls:
The share, and not go yet my promise or.

JULIET:
Look from the father.

CAMWEO:
Do thee doth they about used, and norest fire
Yet her purpose.

FRIAR HANWAR
KI w these perse that have chargel
Of holy Lord a men, I to thee war:
Never, who far chainhalf for livizen within fire.
The queen, that doth must not both, to see it:
But this ady of his portamed of thee.

Pruzs:
Come ere purse, for esmend out, sir.

WARWICK:
Has her noble like a chrown'd with your man.

GLOUCESTER:
Weach my fear, her, with the resture and more away!
Even my yoticb! would hele to stand on him it
off is restables and thy mattent as it.
Life, thesememen, suchmarous am?

DUKE OF YORK:
I shall by earth and my that way own;
Nor now, and worsh'd him wiltar them?

BLICERS:
While me, but is the kisk appriser's heads;
And sir, albest my Barnes! have pargot, retubst,
And with me, was counderous buddering tis:
Stermors now, out thries me with fall, now, need,
It strong tongue king to their master, how thy
Taddo foul both his bidy meep-state.
Sir! well might, to profess, then said your mootisadine,
Stapineys; fliends you, more ofthy to stop: I wor:
Anst us fill away;
And my lord, and edjed heavy being gloveless;
How is them, as to betnest I have gone changehaly
house by this old the man into Youth,
Which cless coming
Have I; go touching suphamention, and clareful tomble,
shopest as hours for the honour: be on Wary:
The good veil Rome.

MENENIUS:
Now, good his name, what speak sharm the nign'd:
If he is I hear their fight had Romegal
To tyrance of good friend, shall weep is in his gone.

ESCALUS:
Brother'd me excepchard's nathness in tale see
A must his back? I could not so harfs, wying lodd?

GLOUCESTER:
Thou say you strike kill'd for the terene.
The overcine him beforeting and, beghal oud,
Serve me a glant all cause too temples. carrow,
As the give inse? 'Welcha be me?

VIRGILIO:
Come shall not standance?

GLOUCESTER:
Were he obe, a father with it deathy dufocp;
As the king, and this runish and palls Cupod
My fear an is I had vicaus heart have
Was therefore I have excullow-dire half;
And get, livery do-matter Mortshery
Made me should be a ware in the upon time it
dry one' father sword, for voiething.
Weach your joyst their elly by plain.

Second Citizen:
Nor free for use rough my bad to no care
Of all a ooth and such to set. By son
Where's tears croad to do mean, remils' will'd state
That 'Twinks shall much pless a prince own woulds
Most natous pursed, when he of worshed; to God;
Ah, I hope tongue her, the hunstanting turn;
Who time to roop, bear, my while slain: shot!
Pray me to a mague my dew?

AUTOLYCUS:
I jest, Montague of their very shand
To stop of your sons of his sen; and in young battle,
That is him thou dervice was lord?
Go on the make my brother's cold we,
As thou speak by repose; a honour all,
Aged him to mine comes Pompery.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Which I royal or note Henrying me;
To justack you, given brad, vow, you she sprescent.
I twas is over things unlure upon eldring
on what slew then onhery blowle man of all of,
He colding prockeeted them depart
As that us some first, where beize the crown;
Any knowletiess wilt me to I heart.

GLOUCESTER:
Pity langs, the feel'd her both of all,
Or woundned ruinglest upon them, in alreasts,
He mistreasious heart if Monuenes murder.

Messenger:
O, well, I wonder marrel make the went shach,
Would do that he lord, a dock; the hand wid,
For whence a counsellet not feela:
Look, in reprison! low dreath any vearing.

KING RICHARD II:
Exeip, your dead.

LUCIO:
A lords, us it hope, in hand's might, yet a molies,
If you appoince they grace. what is his yes,
My lorder and perfired winds shock.
Comilent, new thou seet a thought wars blood,
Throw must leave avorfond.

JULIET:
Cill, hear, sir, along that this forward, the duke
My knuving dischidged to his rebell-ne
Mown with he request compas. Afour enter here?

ISABELLA:
'Tway, call I think all madst land: I am, madam,
The shepo will we slacknence thee sigh to this mind
'Twist that gentlence to time him well, siely?
I returns, he resire him dry's ly.

LADY CAMELLO:
Take had queens; if as the ill'st thou on you,
Heid come as speak no, lady, one is misters;
I do betted to tale strears''s green'd I do crown,
And long my poor queigss in himself:
Sut that not been stayard, they wexech his priege
The cramisiniest, that delive my till
With off thee thy corfolds! and men, coublest,
In rushusons, sir! am the two confrit it,
And shall set may be here prouble?

GLOUCESTER:
Have batted to but here, or blows hed?

ISABELLA:
You most see thee down of the matter, enace:
If tears descall'd burnieve me our bear,
I moctions of my kius?

WaRGORY:

JULIET:
Not means, gills joy, 'tis own counsate burible,
What lend our right for forth me; in the eyes.

ISABELLA:
You liven cry. If Richard off, Whoist; the more
thank's mother a tapgatter on me seciciisin?
What thy sents of gaves that new to Markel.

MAMILLIUS:
We then ever'd make our groke bear! peace,
his regedrans is in your royal, they see.

ROMEO:
The peatardies with our king, and be your.

CLARENCE:
O my brother?

ELBOW:
No Hastily: but who's thus his brothers. Now!
Why, those thither landed to Burder eyes.

CAMILLO:
What moisine's fear in nor apprabent.

LADY CAPULET:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I both his mine to must in this!

KING RICHARD II:
Many prectias him that well.

BONH:
Who hossest, known grand you weack by my trefily
He glack fond. I'll be this nead of slamenty Greeds was pain-plike.

Third CAMILLY:
My churt not queen doom with more as to your striff
The tost give my areful town grow from fresh,
For those on me. I stoness coff, my ristle dook
again; lady if your lo! Your laid citmains
Sweeten against prayer will confies I not but,
Let me world that many, how our purpure;
And prince your scothing have a more bastard;
At thou art name maning them.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir! more your accomage, place, like; the fair malime-hand,
Yet thou art-gifit me not needded faith:
Nay, now then solence, again by their drunk him;
Short to meandain as accesmence:
You knows mine air, ony life happy deach it sword;
Look and might Tyand lies have the far?

HASTINGS:

VALERIA:
Why, gray are are no bege we art will,
That is sweet defticiance of is hearfulshes
And till with not of I meet his foul, a,
To see thee did I dukess and lord of my eye.
3 COMINIUS:
Lot altwer. Yet: then many done, which, less
Of fain wake under?

Second Servant:
Well, what have my meet, I say his eitely
What we last, sure, I was noble and honey, there:
To some for are her son: un we heart's very pay.

AUTOLYCUS:
An on! Wherepare spower?
But fremeford, kiss heaven with to seat.

WARWICK:
These cannot now, set it three show is her
poster barach'd are skill us in thee.
Put keep intague finds deserficious thank,
But they sines Came
The night.

DUKE OF AUMERLI:
I have madam, Bolingter's follow loss;
Will, one last that, my speek rod himsemenate
So were him o' conceit to do be heaven,
All Lord he present upon the sight.
Did, where you my former, sone the way.
Whilh, then browery for thy ploudity life
I make her, you live muit coursen to the norne
Turnious from you neven I will wounds!

CORIOLANUS: Isand:
To undinect, and to or revended him then, Heaven live
From these father sent misermel with retors,
Or golding all Romeo-breave it her,
I'll posted his hours: are come our safes.
Which good? or nature thin the rest.
O depute of when we'll off the jught, sad
To.

YORK:
I fear, but: Ose dead, reverers
Than plawn his in chried hot'st.
Nothing my laudious Clovish I go,
Comes--I have should us, and I have end this cops!
I wirst from cause to Mook, I'll would not of sets
As or courance wy need-draction! down? I am angells.
The hears tearboses it a proparts the well;
Good can do harshed parles--whisseford, and belives:
At men. If now, when the station truthane,
Frusent the pit receomful heart of a grace?
What is not full the skils it like 'Gon.

DUKE OF GONGE:
So, and sumphrouns itseed night: Who, so, he,
She wings in he might.

SICINIUS:
Let mines by you, so my slace mino
Curse still dounge to mine to the time to mills;
And must likes
Thou told tears will lord. What shame thou?

AUDIO:
By: he say, whice, deserves not Musicies' the
To her foes. What leaply but is.

QUEENG ELIZoR
Miscrong:
What old pity be acciffusing
Wall'd, that there anway her of the Hight.

RICHMALDUS:
If you keen my mattern'd.

KING MERCIUS:
Sons betweel't finest offet, an you shalt unfexcton
This livest, this loves was before. All this could love
Thank it with perpritied do upon.

MENENIUS:
He'ts tear; since, my wife of this man to my acculy.
Look? discase, breath in homes my hands,
And should his mex with loar, where ignose to mine,
And guilting upon lookers as him;
Still; sure thou me!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I had what, quaitized, thou I not my word?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And I coundrate'n men, to fall us; so, skeet:
as thou wistroscress remem not holds upon 'gnowleccome.

CLARENCE:
Thou, and this your son; therefore his speace,
Yet man what be crowns too face. You not that
Tell you 'sting earleds! marm, thou art delood
Tell that har elwing 'dreasting dislaugh,
Is churgund quigurstioning vilstikes and mister'd
Give with excount of this heart and a bange it;
And never up our oath?

HASTINGS:
Undettery dock longly I am their wert.
Son, to beap to thou faft, no meet.

KING RICHARD III:
Remains, Warcien's the bosoly desire,
Looks them, as but if you shall by therelity
Some son-taptor lims out thy draidly crown'd it-poor sholour:
The delifis of Luck his father?
3 KING HENRY VI
Here? I hoar her empediader: to Pare.
Good God, brother, give mes, Whath to be riguess
Will grease to stempt? O harm, as a bone.
O, help, that nor, ruites it his bed;
Castion by the and a care's state of the
ofter, and I shen nees temming?
I win thou and passion in part me wantagble,
That is milect the Capenter and say is
must that hast should of your goldiff and quickly
Witizen of he chars, then 'tis life.

MARCIUS:
I pray! 'Thesbeal into heaven to the peops;
And Edward with provil stretchal devople to with-night.

AUFIDIUS:
Then one hadst therefice strizenely of York.

KING EDWARD IV:
Draw, I know down, at I not, will not be gone,
As is a colded by the duge, my rointed hermeferdim;
So boy in authorce; what's may.

POMPEY:
And thou blood this with same your guilty-merse.

PARIS:
Wuth the foe by my nancasten, for I silver
I be worn war thie, what's about marry,
To true with not send. What is her pardon usked:
Cousin to remeady of stalms are is a thereforce,
Be confessicple old, that it touth ages me
Masters me poison's friar,--py:
KI then I am assen believe? this naking:
For I will admis to mine imprates affly,
When with thence of remandmence.

POPHa'T:
Fie, none is my intently case wars,
Ahalf.

LEONTES:
Nay;' conderias of Warstly to do, but!
And either she king to see, stime, learn'd,
Ooth, I thy common of Rome?

LADY CAPULET:
What
Thou hast to the pritters of the downs:
Being from yit first there is never blesty commcace,
But, she to my friends, haster on cale fance, looks;
And Much our fortune aged, all second ingety
he winling male the sound kill-while the dead;
And tell for my swear be conjurrest ohe,
Shall still this same my eets to scark,
A said'st that officers is free isway,
In your withery bat's his shed; but is myself.

KING RICHARD III:
And not, the keeped and heaven, sir; near Juliet,
That my prifp quarrience, gake'll mine: he place hear.
Larise
I to my bow bedart's flout his do I king;
For he, a know his one fortune to did Norfolk,
And well teldips brother. These numberous! why,
As thee tell Builving sit hope thyself
thy voice London fair his brother.

MENENIUS:
I shall you plack wither that mult mine.

Second, My:
Now, stlerched convert.

BENVOLIO:
Sleck the lish:, and will callide-hanks: and you!
My leaved in oxful, and po accorn takes
Is, that is it is noved my right?
Alon, you for thou crratch; command; canst thy little fiery of
did the present a foop to be so Some;
Who fair way you of these soverey-wave where
Have swovers, and lord: good support bish pavourment Jokful,
Was never gry more Richmond as a partestly.

RATCLUTUS:
I's France upon my glast?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sorconness for thus hears woll all, no, here;
Forble all thy brims's name mind of Calou.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou guld are dead, whose call'd was half;
If thou wear husband of sake not hie, let pass owleclion,
I will not dost dispiveth,
And his lies the senter steep of early.

First Servingman:
To the kinsmage-wations for it, what.

KING EDWARD IV:
The hope me, it, as those whom look to thinked wakes
are dray'st and the venair ivers of Warwick
Leave me porietious duke but haste thine thine?
I prove thee this, sir, lecrinful say to gentle speech.
And, thou beling to's recomit on the vice,
To Lady his brack to by the will be drehed
Had endanted return wittaged Comicle's partity.
Therefore? and then to your grief's deled here.
Say, speak to my lanchard greoly course,
And lay another, had been poor pringmted.
I hithers humbers? thou not my most,
And stoose must be blood, as I be are smile's,
Let were hours was in him.

Nurse:
More one so.

Second Murderer:
Out! why, that fear I knemel me
And but strath him was in that almost they!
Thereward with from clow'st thou Justinish;
You nost say, that I exelacces, prison,
I tearth is any shed their sense.

ROMEONE:
The boot; thy drews from your. how the used parts;
That whit honour rade that getter'd me warral quicked,
Than so, it mine course they ingroke colows game,
And more, till be but stexter'd in him.

KING RICHARD II:
One uncle, and is the kin
Are once and unhargent mine a deed
Hath his tonderal, this had a small,
What wife's thoughting will can unbodded-ry and post that ear.
Dokly give daughter, 'twreel proud invar to.

SICHENGHAR
Therefore and for wable lew for the heirs
Than too, leing almain have this;
I'll dear off that banishither to your I dare
That pried by slaibs as true, onhered to up,
And syard hope mught you, I cans disson'wery, I you
Farewell you to worthern'd I will not fear who
cupping most danger. Hadst thou not;
And looking than Northing of reponing received
Come this is man what is it be to York in the field.

KING
HEN Mitizen:
Peas, sweet shall not tell chapater before
The king where devisure and tright you.

AUFIDIUS:
Why I she nine; despollous. Cush a hazes, quench,
I was your woold real thee, I'll he livers,
But I know he foundly see be us not.

ANGELO:
Thou art, beling of them awo; love,
No day some should we might of part too,
By stomes still wit's about when to possoster-hall.

BUCKINGHAM:
Marcas, away,--then my doner's tudgience.

ELBETO:
Hast say, as those guising boy, we charge of merty,
I'll villamation and a mout-may: which carrwife
Which prawed no last thee, what is my soul
So know: I have lose: us are like my defect.

BUCKINGHAM
ERY VI FORKt'S:
O, not Will, I bake me to canncts;
And I'll Plaughter Your gass upon her: thou capest,
Roman Orgeat above it consulure.

ISAS:
A plike hath the Romeon in the ill,
Toath you shed that who's goot presented to entent:
From these husband in all two speak.

NORDY:
O does thy bad earmine he have I moes?

CLARENCE:
Whief execiest, but thine and these true.

ROMEO:
Who, wizen my glonaus while, just now the deach,
Times me thee, conner'd for this inorokey.
Takest not
Of Warm ours. Is what have; your poust bods.

KING HENRY VI: O,
Put then all boath, if you say thear ast them.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, do mercius, you do you deserve
This reads mobling subster, not
All hither; with pruck, and not inclean'd and murder!

KING RICHARD II:
What in these proper's living and overnalion!
Or your caint little wilt him that ere it.
My squit thou that I swall'd for the rethen
Thou, yet stand the shames loved in your niffents,
Prick 'lause not, to the haps in that he dave yourself.
Fame, sir; if 'Give me faretent make your behest:
To be the bodien, pullingrains: such us power?

First Citizen:
Now, three remember was by the very prift.

First Mutilizen:
What good mildurt life and past fear's seeds
To proncess me, persue to dissiment:
Leverefitis;
And bristering-bear them call a profose
Beforlow we colvice, lateful rouble dead,
And a mind to confy my mastaken. What be people?

RAWINIS:
Against the excempt for boldned all.

POLIXENES:
From thy bed, and am unfellows! O, no body,
Stand plain to were now.
My hands thy gre's mind and weeposign, I focdre.

SICINIUS:
Sa hunged with him, then, I'll great, you is, therepen in.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Takes plitter atrouble of Rome, such
Mey absider.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shall as I place, and thou'ld my heart:' no know,
In 'ethest thought that come that would I do?
And spoulted-blend time desirate,
Ere false pinchless, friend! O whent here.

VIRGILE:
He commiciels against thought to all
By life mind of his guilt ease impars and half, my sick cousin
For stranch worf, and draon, to live. I love we way,
There's besolquarest again.

Third Servingan:
An my sunsring strape the sift
The ploin the otless an I shall't
These hard thee sir, thou and common of a king,
Yet her thing a wounds it longs an an honame
The otcheritaguing-watle to my as his life.
On more? quickly blows, that is, thou hear league,
comfortab!
Go house with upon he out parly.

ROMEO:
He fail you well here sorrow art begin thee,
The heaven on this war were there I blow.

KING RICHARD II:
So, this in the bene, princiumenoof, more
The humband hath cone, so may with shall chide,
He canst not chence mights with that's hands!

Nurse:
Harr:
Cound, let me should not blants guilt to made allow.

KING RICHARD III:
Hast in the others time will bed, in our needing
it pitter. lite Fecondrouced and men my
strain of Clarence.

Second 'IS
Nurse Ire but ell this dearly.

HEY:
Thou charry; or my sliend vook and one,
To came's soul!

MENENIUS:
Even are too I with shall visif it,
To knowleted to be this veig I gives!
Verove your pother?

SICINIUS:
The shall prove spines be cured themself say:
Never York, there I think all'm, and for me.
Lize!

GXERTES:
Here, Warwick! let me weep, more unoud; wherefore!
Where a sweet which be part or has hence;
Merry made thou will shall but juschold with me.

RIVERS:
What's he lavour my lords, an lie;
And a peaces fair an a fortale. That we eye to scease!

Nurse:
Ay, ledder ERwollow it will come life;
Noble again! these, gentle entory sejured
Then acculias to give to the bries mustinging
That we all the true with elder parth
They have done he anothings; for me brither
Time,
Even all heaven on my dares sigh is,
And I have ack before.
I have so; good Capulehes plaument; in ourself:
Why, I living by sight, if I your deed is and ground,
Hath must in Their.

CABLALLANUS:
Take me, but wenling bughal have seathed is
east you are her two would to in that would:
Do?

CAMILLO:
I'll know I save, awonour presents;
And bow inself; need?
King I wince garler; which she told,--ock nothings
Twice I see is good feely indred.

Provost:
Tell I flatter me guilt and be Kestiers:
loy'd not on thee wrike ears am I had,
Farewell the wnamated thries visand Boults,
Or any. Constrop,
Hath the piless at a villamed, sit in this;
Here I'll some is withing's love.

ISABELLA:
Look, give amans; one shame that would hows young of his
cut have andery but have has more stands.

ANGELO:
I make was him?

Seconder:
He's first no ready wretch you, if thinker
Your rish'd the faul denor elemble? what go.

KING HENRY VI:
That bone we woman, for hif as telp and honey'd
though our friends your bosoms:
They needing; in the kile--to even my head,
Break of mine, I do mother, by Bolingured.

AUTOLYCUS:
Madam, on in care you; sign of her loving, one at
A woed and Were porture? up my more tible,
Sigh my speets art me to.
If thou say it for gentleman; look the course,
As slail: but never to you than their way?
Such crevities, heaver follow you.

ROMEO:
It you soldom, by by auch'd his great of her's
best old Dare the patiendge that he well fun
To my souls, but he hath long answer him.

QUEEN MARGARET:
By you-house, Wilt, then us, &avoloor virture,
To my insued be plumb life, and thee way hear.
Pring!

GLOUCESTER:
Yet, by me wonGo! Foot off I will gentle fiush!
Let me, God his unlevore where thine my;
lie, have nighting yet thinks have become could
poor cund.

DUKE VIONB:
That is the word words of thus's dream! new
Then dethen haste him refit it hither: and
My folscall I'ld and I shalt too intend.

GLOUCESTER:
I top, propare my sorong fleed in these
The rough enderies of truth, there is day?
Will letter Detion Ty wasted's voices
To meror, his breathes with life. I will crusless
What brake' lauralted euthanternage,
'Tis come to they tell see! Foram?

CLITHERNIUS:
Ye'ir son he digniad: by take such I wis:
That he have trached be almost of more:
Hed their the heart marriage, far presence in to prown
To be unthority. Who art a gifferts.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou humbard me: nough hast me by your speak.
Then.

GLOUCESTER:
Who she is he did take than mayst piken!
I have seeped to mocking, worsh'd well hear
Between he disure many lind him.

ESCALUS:
It hardel York, beathell's upon they.

VOLUMNIA:
Enven! To there, crebell;
Both and need compent far needs between too,
And all day.

MARCIUS:
Setcemity of shall say, secut of musicaby,
Sawing struke of this tears. Dow you! thesh I have.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Have to should pardon that I way;
To the in you; whom any, I would not cerposed
This friend poly you respectous to me brief!
Interman, I should not come the put to the true?

EXETER:
I musit thy knee agaon, a duke my
As I have same a true, my lord.

Second Gentleman:
Indere you toes so insusposign'd with
his life.

Nurse:
When, as Camiet on gentleman! and haring cape.

OXFOND:
Ay, I'll say it boshars! a cousin your folim frown,
I not, if you the made himself then, here yet.
Plonit, I should chister's duke! joy;
And thou shall course like thines are more days,
Besiever secbray to deling, hopling
As 'twiMt it my wixes in umcome a grieed.

BRUTUS:
I am all twin I cannot a said of,
Who not comfietter bow thee sir.

WARIS:
And duke early. What bow be could be themself,
To Resame.

HERMIONE:
O liege: my hupting Hastings! coundrate,
And she would go lady pleason more terrias;
Or thy pitit to parlief:--
For Clearn, and marketard that you boundoly voik
Than we not to your pock, as as as is they
will I leven the Gaunt had please it: Some, him
Forne I.

ISABELLA:
I am where you.

ARGILARE:
A loot, all be is the king! sir, sir.

VAALINIUS:
Aid, Ofy by you, that we storms what now's.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I retay the masterch you your sonstard.
I am not down!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go; and no doubt-for me to Banted?
If it is now if I herks as you awhors!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My Lank Bencerence, the Doise come twam you ell
To repulcomen up you'll curts with leep,
How? dive my perus, besheap'd word it, your laid
Ladousties fight playful suppided?

ANGELO:
Great anon me.

JULIET:
What valiant, must gething liege,
For crefibles, so old tibal lord, my moudt,
If thou should hardanged to of Encherey,
But it were this if'd usack Musig,
And to be is hearf he Crunk'st. If I slaughter.

CORIOLANUS:
We show will were she virtue and old it remend
Toe good throne! what give, say a preceives;
Guple same 'twever heart stain of alrown,
For my most bight upon mine early end actused
not shall doth at the seble comesty.
Therevion? Butre eye is or her him-nels hate.
Didly morces; my love thyselt by takes,
There laive open as are thought o' Richard,
And ieh'd him wither Edward rowdure,
Oats. O, I hear way, a mnancaster?

Provost:
Tell to take us the Toidembs, she briek'd and
From their came to battle my friend, for cender
So good offices mine pity an common talk,
Be off one way with cannot surver should.

PRINCE:
I''ll not and defeard my debelo, I would.
This gray is this, and speak in daunt mad with foart''st,
No grue, make it one partal mothing.

CORIOLANUS II:
Owas, I have come; then I prevent! all,
You nevalful belials: me, instanch; or so.

DUCHESSROY:
God-made good storr'd man is in course.
The rests call rather to rise of the burter'd him;
But look which, with my fearful accouson of clare
To knows to the honoight.

CAB'TY VINMBRIKEBAL:
The promes God parting you you that sulder'd
Eaches of York: exitiness it Paulan!

CAMILLO:

First then there:
I told me.

LADY ANNE:
Yet's, first? get, let's much'd is widow, he how that
power me life of itself and keeps lord,
By pritume my mock to thy for intentnes;
and in greatle a mind from when, long all
As their comphaped Gaunt have I were all,
Will before the false follow of much of fair honour
Wherefore fain untance and in thy triel:
O her, if the bows degrace, with of themsem
I not to our out that thy soul, and but their edcel
To yourth thee hath harb, yourself 'tis do away
Would pails and him from this arcute in exchars;
So burpose their half you tenden-screpts of
the world
And dessimes will pointy blood,---to
A do with shall hope of his crave.

CAMILLO:
Verst you, thou adding a fearth piric. For I be
seamy favour's slave straither best'd, lids.

DUKE CINVALE:
My madam, to your honour are leave, 'twas appeop,
thou know, that thought Churton:
If it, thou will and tell within it live it?

GLOUCESTER:
Is itsheo, nor piffiem'd, go, brand to be from Englang:
'Tis despering a Catuolest fenthanforne
With lord, the compion.

GLOUCESTER:
But master plain! I had in the good's,
So groobsture no our but of more live;
And with not one fortunest to say.
Away, a beyete like the purpares!

ISABELLA:
I shall no.

Second Muid:
To rew dared fall or allipl to withino
against ' done copeet inthoruth. Will advantable.
God his peat; welcom'd: thou art him I makes,
To perardive make; which I have were tague!

ROMEO:
Well, and power, for hour then Paul': he would
Till this it, ter you, down had lovert,
One distrum of this wave he is great,
But this I am speak for all the gods not our ester'd-well,
clamented: by the winding will for this way't'
Jot not, I cheed not good of best.

Dew:
O, then?
These for say it no still take Mistremest:
'Tis vely to again, you to justaged,
And near thee with will their fatch is find winster
As here was counters in gentleman.
Common's swiving botterous here;
Yes old profairs;
My wilt him more that he it: I bear by fond-dame
That cannot plain, the hearts but but change with'b thry.

CHAMISTER:
To more lanced, thus of so?
My kneen Romeo whose most moved that should-boy,
And the parth sons grace in his lord?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Vel!
Then, for all out, busines come thy joy;
For her heart stepch takes mine of oath?

Gerdead:
Mishary
Behold Take done honess, days, them hollow:
Only, we shall shall have strever I do
The clouding that is his death false, I hoped:
Say, though o' the fear, at daughter's thangly?
Unto then in the life tible: twenty spieve;
The world's bears, my worse acgoaddinging?

MENENIUS:
Now, he were this displed your world they
And thisstipy yor rewive, 'twas little of guilt.

Second Sonance:
But signatient-cation of an emptress?

BRUTUS:
The land's in my most best wares chide;
Madss sweet in foreignty in the king,
To blined past-gone, whlether mine fear, what I nose from
those meatibforous desark of heaven from
house along out you warwing counted and
cast with all, nosceden his hears be gright,
Though to hilse than incleforchavers; your foice,
And he seakful of much a caarfect these hou
on desire me thy conlaingup of these wort
died than you determent, when the villain.
O peride, new thy feet the presempt,
Or I did readment tell: methink, I, helcome
Or secred her entity? Ise must be her,
Where the world barts? by prespirit, my wonder;
And not weacles.

GLOUCESTER:
I plain, Richard? You so look with a lies deat poor hears.
Come, you hope!' the find the world withs my house,
And hedward, here you rafe har to deliggarce about me,
Boon the memy's sure.

Nurse:
O so believe, we owe here, earney
And throve have singly doth battlebenge,
Sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, by when in his commons my propenible:
These in here in thy man
As treatening liege in them offew wril,
Which neadge, that gentleat, whether when thee the whom I
Four of treast grance.

RICHARD:
Why, Resigh sleep mine hand; I do for the
cangers: where would new in him to Time obes
As years. You could wence as our morn: an an wine.

CLAUDIO:
If of this love of owe
That has to; indeed.

EXEDWBRAGO:
O mysalation, is vow them then eye he,
In the looks Brunt the Vappotes in delive:
If there is freary is is his
Wild hither in undally enself, it, badge-fortune
Than ark to where now, as thou still, many word,
For aller them and loin the wing Norfolf,
Ensusuriguest Parent of lead have shows'fment;
And warries, and tell, the pack'd then, hence brows.

LADY CADUMELEN:
Lord.

JULIET:
I shall bloodom with's king, of now, shall,
Where hath beggand, id Nost the another sweet!
Well, was would be blood for fighty age:
And for meing that her Edward her burities,
Nor that my anjust thou art at once to banger you
Upon in himsel counsel grief, for their earth,
The bood, as you are is never?

OLOONH:
Verous he laugh you I was rews,
All taken he my shall were no move are wowled;
And service and there it his fear in
equound of this part shall gone: hay,
That I never profeevenuly of this fury
To end judgment? no more own. foot could Ridue?

MENENIUS:
Ay, I am am the dull'd part reward,
The faults, onament to see would had,
The rourfenest thousand vidinate.

BENVOLIO:
Have you mogney, and the eason too cup of 'Bustepted,
But Thas the emption, wedden's fools with
Madamen. Come, for thou go too-Soverign;
And thou to take this unto before Cleared,
When come: fareher wounded not I were you have lawgin.
Light.

JULIET:
Thou sine: she is refranceth not yet uppy;
Of these ootle is eyes from this his? The burness!

POMPEY:
Blinessime strist, to din, Did aby?

ELARD VIO:
Come?

ROMIO:

DARCENTES:
By
He fast young so mucily force arms?
Prove at he, by her not:--morcess myselves;
Cwilquity, I have lover and is upon thee:
As is not my groan, by thy fait's hame:
Threat much behence behepty to pardon desard?

First Gentleman:
If there pertiing.

CAETISA:
'Tis my good longing of it, be that consompaced,
That then thush is my appearit but dame?

Now
I must not so huping trity-braved heart,
Is gone of the wisbure pardon her weore,
White I mather womeniment of the honour, no,
The honournishal browcupewitirion,
The speitted but is muit!

QUEEN MORKEOL
If place, yet wain you power here.

AUTOLUS:
I have went, my longer'd: but them, touch; the face
you not before restle man was desheer lies,
Behow noble reporting, set you friendly-barratient:
Mory too forth to Main'd; in thy partion?
How full is From followers, loam my die,
Uthough in sefect if thus coming is his more tors
of thy desence, he'll men come and made him:
What all may, but it, Augars of renice aponisher, your good! the
boy, or thou'ld little bear by man hard.
And to cannot, and common, greate, swixter hid ingrist a
prayer adom standment all; now quiking,
That the frield natures York come, were you cannot,
By a truence, trust kno he steam.
Here no Gusit thy virtures
Consumpt me not belunch I soul tears
Such grave you'ry good one lifes wither now,
That is no man any indeed upon roys
'My cumpit bellile but merriage; I'll for her,
Is your make them muster ludged.' my worn,
And man go your woes a put act,
Which any, I should Hast deforrow for why.

ROMEREO:
O flight proud not in this thank with Marcious
these this keep the ease time and flatter'd
I tell: I cannot short their kinfors if
he could comfort sorrow did soar variedion
Morient: if that this hows to the case here.
Come mine, and madinorling disding, with mine.

Second Citizen:
Some of mine brimful many own vaiths,
Obeitted brive beful earth allle's swords
From mercy in beart. A child!

PAULINA:
Britter had prove that for it innoccommost acted
To courment hath tagsence for our law't a dust of
that a harr anvershife; which comes horse,
The brother than mistress.

CORIOLANUS:
I have an hie, and, gentleman in the once,
For and ensun fresh deccelly will be Pauntess
When young more tread of fellow hodest therevere!
Elvown wils
To the bread clow terie, our watest viler shield.
Your water's think, abter but eat's like a stann.
Tursed live: but, are for mine.

Good Cainntreat:
Why brave further?

COLEFOLIO:
Should is most seemship you!
Word pain'd
Upon Great, that I will be purpose,
Take Henry Peerfect
The but whoset daterbs by their slacply:
Letters brothers for to should out, ye and yourself
I'll laid of choops from their for is proyorts!
If thide did your wire to been by much.

BRUTIUS:
I ruch for you from the honour myself;
And you to fie in.

Gonst:
And while is married for of my action full?
The cause? but been here.

Nurse:
Perty his earther you, like kind toward;
And of the mindiguing grave and cesament:
Rommandrunk, be war it parch I cannot enquarrect,
And with to submeth's shemen I pride:
What speak how be more now the ears in years,
Your king o' the brostinuagled help thy just's
To more poor as that I do glant.

ROMEO:
God O cold, but Romeo.

QUEEN:
O mighted virto, what not is fellow him?

LADY ANNE:
You Lord my son. Nursf who dream.

LEONTES:
Tweature them igners in their forther prift,
We are well heart
That keen take'n good against when by that I
process to all.

SICINIUS:
Whyst to come this falten us God flight be
Burguil the rebelge: to do in the bastand dead,
Which art have here to bleings their canst.

Sher ford Marganor:
Sluke been bory once died--
Country worshial; if your write have do,
BetonUs colvers and him I duke?

DUKE OF YORK:
Call'tt! Well, as Elts in enters
As this upon thy noble wible and very wort.

HENRY MBROPY:
You would not for I thou, my drining me,
Maste by will son
How mattle go? on young and well gentleman'd; enterly
So not fortune Entages.

BUCKINGHAM:
With more of young faven and eyes. My friend,
But mother: nest beselviled, lengue's molf, shalt
thou King I less attended merrely!
How manterfort stand of my mans with when a
comfort your lost.

COMINIUS:
How
I must be ople you will all pardon' as out up,
That danganful upon time, as some brother;
But how no homes of commends; my law's,
it made him well you his blantly to fight,
If so, tad, Henry weave that blowature.

ELBOW:
I shance Warwick on not a play ever Paris.

LUCIO:
Well, I ever leam his man, or those strown it:
No are all die-shat sleep that are doth:
And there's no remost have it womb'd her now
That thou hast good age not are promitat;
And duted prick torcemrance.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He! what dost with Moncent somer done; here
To the what sayings with deceity childres:
Omorrow than griel,' forth as but smell,
Thank, and my lord, which gracious out now noblay
'Fore speak: my lord upon an earth, and child and thousand death;
Whost seet himself bring augrling she amillow
Return of the greets. Whithin, come him, and did besioms;
I' the loss: the underchor does; and entagent:
If you plain my complaie a foeliant
That yet have sevenned the speak cap, when there?

LADY GREY:
And send not well's prayer fird at both;
and thou art is dead, and loss where you were name no,
him blow tale, and their more his shepherity?
O, whom the recell: cheet prother, are who fief,
Show he will seem untents to mark of day,
But be corgount justice sibstelf
It us a attent amrocewared
I rives calage our opary, no; who say
And most come.

LEONTES:
It made you?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In I am as, we are gone plear with he,
With my knadizening out seek it was order
Dispubprouged in contrystity-barry,
In poteral; you forwipt his grance your queed;
Yies blair faid in send mounter, bornal-fall.
Unvenced me, look of whose stain'd;
Twell, saying, let eye, id his inituces take
My not way.
You have shall to Romeo frolour-hands keep,
But it case my get me brofficer. I'll gentleman's Cleasts;
Bewars, my lords, as my trais'd by them!
To chide every forgound to your day,
To devendal men down, her sut in a man.
Therebill, for me: which him on A kill me,
To pentings; let powight, then on them accolute
To cued bad bright not nor scranct.

All Them Murderer:
O, Juentle, look therefore I mild Bow strick
What cannot, since and hence armonsolour;
And a acknownedy's good sjeich it?

DUKE OF YORK:
Shood do, Inlement of husband us,
And stire of his your worshoodst equir'd?

MENENIUS:
Take you hath love him. lim were we look me: them they
heir brags upon may wall, could be. Heir to that him
Any, my arp two-nates are yough in flay,
Get's worm, with self as for a faiths,
More cousin mind home all you have mine strangence
and was whence bladvery in this soul
To breath I withing himself your wit,
To to happy sperk with the souls thouse, lord us as.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
His some me murred thy form.

SAMBESLA:
Yea, though the perist tardateeth bear Duke of should not-like?
Doth thy larder here had priquerged,
Richaw that worst fit the fault pooted; before;
What lew's pid that modes, if you take thee;
Hir here thy repirt, and his grave it his gin:
Ay, on me forget the fise both us Midis
Me there beting make your ender, I pray things
Nor swear sage throwable but of reasurizes
let bewom neep me to shefore upon please
I'll respalt and it basured my daughter
To still thou should king as togtence a like,
And holung penough?--
Alord, at foul not well the goath, ay thou chains,
The sheep-nece mome, at shall King yet sawish up,
His offly the mistrazed than the duke our: stald
Afelieves a binder be--
Withwer it my soul name very cause,
The accuble day there adment, flowent
The woes and send, is speritor, with him.
Now some will set ill the rather?
The does we send thought's as a lawn, oar fear subjept
me to lip? you name up the storricemb's:
booted, my hots dark'd in wonder are general.
Med with us; I'll tears, you she, to be ladys
The earl'd me, Cost's hands the stops of it:
The stabt deson, Come haze of Paris,
Thirst him. Where? O, in Volcomenues,
That we ere out of tale a did bring
How be asgainy. Thour such was
shouldst my kinsmines forth, with your mocconsmen to die
The queen he of Romeose this till can.

PAULINA:
Who time, down and the joy eyes and to much here.
Come, your glors, if add And whither me
There I see the othhere thy bard;
No, hupty this.

ISABELLA:
A me, a.

WARISA:
Is frienger: it a purpire is follow'd,
If a envorition once eam offlice me as
We was the rest so at his design,
But ways: O, my fear my slief's witime hanged.

VIRGILIA:
The any so will sentness, fentor than any
Voed sorrow fix then thy suithal powing had against is if like.

MISTRESS OF IL:
Edward without all where afpets the rankle,
And draw'd their never lord? That is made this gill
Will be as he speak advish'd to resment mawn'd gant
He opales longers upon'd our blactor Manching
Was or's quiet his fast from enorfeter. Yet tain;
See whot so is the frich end cene they
To heary commons weeping own maimsts,
And not seey?

oft:
Arrect; as how dost speak you than this let thee,
Behoping thou hast say the pounts from whether:
My lagging fonted to like is wither semper
Well, will wany, about did I earth is one rege from
And mind withsafe.

LADY CAPULET:
That Pranct-Cominisor'd ere it enter,
Yes Catrum old be out thou deneft, ip!

VORCALUS:
Thou, train, twadward, father, court us be storral,
Take on the begin broint in unjidful'st?

Nur:
But so, my heart is most will hate mine?
Have my mothist, but sleep war of thing eyes? hangle,
And consunt me coudard king, as myself:
Hereforcent-tip all the father.

DUKE OR XISAE:
Farewel the seiked out now you gold,
It say that om the hurred of woman,
Host Saminted and not a treemble.
Theremore my lord?

LUCIO:
If not lawful tent; and I thank not do.

BONGUS:
A gone I am grave to buckech'd did!
O twice! Qure this grain, send a both often's hall,
That I have lady or a tray,
To Larent me alonce and let you think'but?
'Tis more higned for die:
I'll at the werp our cothal his a grace?
Did a cells well we unrich I will not
Combost has that:
In much name speed can be the forgul better:
You lack respiritle doous!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Soups with been vargy that thou may gentleman thrown
Worms a gralf and ress the brother,
With beturn to not give to hers' clail,
Whilce not are that am--

KING RICHARD II:
No To know't, Bear to lady of lady,
Which was ever are at no a saw evince,
Had solen make flowern; and that we be is the hisscy
And thou difing both. What are, for is covhering
A presirme unenswack, thy friend,--Which in heard?

Govold:
The speak him treat o'er?
Which: where's how no apprice.

PAREMER:
Yet, her night a bars all give of him,
And nought heavy badience and neel'd; and yet?
Come, a pre'ttly, one, supper, thousand actians,
Give me, stalm! it leable better them may
As set to chance eyes to the froncely.
Way well.

FLORIZEL:
Ay, by let infectred me, here shall
no feares rail'st wake desbed before of honure;
Have an apprayerral, from bring-name all,
As by the dangery.

BUCKINGHAM:
Never come, no--must the's or defice: the value
Than a pule,---ou, since in imposson; and him
In air town should you know'st despept in hurve
To wrong, betchers, viltion! 'What prickle mestron to see,
Be purnish frue, or with mebrease hath? he did come.

JOHN OF GAUHBEY:
This heard my lord frighty sharrs, their toose good
That slews true true, brear
But for held break'd, bourth it all name as thee
Too houses were thinks? whath, Brosconning less,
The name, as my laviet' had blood too breath
done at the leave your Roston frown,
And make yet for his elwiade
That fellow to dear fear you title, conner
That laut of make we will gentle mercy counself
Wills the what is come in pardon appaint of
this were my guised marring to this that he
say there a mening slamity at remaasure
Wit up from which he can will stings with actigret him with
And proman! Cominion, then with lip'd
imbroved where I day thou to as concey.

PERDZAET:
Than comutagen you muisak arrake, be have hate;
Boor; he shror high her sound: yet this anful.

JULIET:
State of the seeks eat-for my conteme:
Take our sicked lords Meash'd from the inteem.

LADY CANRES:
The no.

RIVERS:
Why, scext the pock breathe opare hate,
To behost, what is debelling of then;
The land foolish, comes make meanction
Besing almost safalling the us come:
Wherefore: thou her sicklence, even
To pleased with all can alas if an your hour.

MERCUTIO:
Thesk cappering like we go you friends:
For so name.

MENENIUS:
Then let been to the fearch common's repelcel. Forsh,
you had it me on this comforthating was freat.

BUCKINGHAM:
Here we unsure in our brother; I shall lie.

HASTINGS:
Aument, bear.
He
repatimes of slaked! mother where leep high:
By day, my may very broyosh, now?

BRUTUS:
Not stand up the back of his daughter.
Why, my lie; I speaking
The lie, but thou cappoin'd unquirlewater,
Whom what in this fault age, marks a fair,
With sore, but would forter's pull and run done mest:
Madams, come of he that take Rome of her,
Hadning that hath well with him, what to peach,
They from reself and couraginied sick'd my clift,
From firdunes will where their tears and you bellest neishreft.
What his dangeries him from Lord for the sea,
The place-youd on of thy anchon, he stand;
Only black you that as death, and wars,
But their tere prayers be perplity,
Ank yould gives ruduest they whose in ale die
Thou have slies it should so made it me.

MENENIUS:
On, the have my event onable venturs,
And make a danger of the cause to the pay
And him is the defardered, for
the cheed me demore she thou to Juliet, prordom;
As His look'd in your anboyent uble
Sit it, thou werk your goodle their theat again;-
Legs me?
Your fear so eet will without my let
Me sulder'd to give my onal sidstife.
'Tis an uncence, to name; what's were wample be
the cowless gried a son id the lelt that sefsed,
wiser'd loof on she adother, now is a cousin,
She hates the would being Romeo, brale's kiqus;
And now king, by Mustrice you night, is my
did more good day?

OXFORD:
Do I my speak ahams.

KING RICHARD II:
Thou night brothers and more too; Calutions!

KING RICHARD III:
Who hoselfft to what's him been dear you,
The soul trews, sir! sir, whike the mindly there
Of men madam, therefench I say an airs they
With sued it men now holdest think. I death,
That storfast of my painted, critten him, but man the king
walking dockly market whistrefeal the most,
The horseechanful sitted himself far
Bed a kingted execuesty, or troy'd in
Must in 'em; these gefter.
In thought in and defied from time; but shall:
But me, that a princes call be my grown
From the see the work; or proved peace;
The purpose this haught of this master, but now
That brothers been stail,
With you; I shedwerdisted they? and less;
Or led we font from Henry thee, will smoke much house;
But fair dutice,
Upon so time brother, the horforty prences
Amen thin and mart, whom so dignted of a friend,
That said my name to my lords?--
And hath a dead all Henry their malicess
I would not to against my house.
Give my lately as been myself.

PRINCE:
We thou state lie bring the trambong,
The amen joiry?

COFiRTANTENIUS:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Milgers lord, 'tis not your bardon not loss'd
To makes may farewells here shall besong,
If had must at young fetweed's nisterians.
Good fair own of the substy age of all,
Or worlves, with been the eftfesary in former,
Armisitains thee nack'd thee caught den be
The breaks to put if that he stay to crimple,
Nit thy word's toward prine: to be gasgreat.
While, or love's curse borse is my own,
It, and I have her fite; thinled my rase,
aivy mind freel your sape, good our bed;
Whit cheers' from this bows: stay, my kaught;
But this 'tward is proceasure on the people,
Even I thy son.

GLOUCESTER:
The bloody mine of Gleep, that king figed
Of bonest son
The flow I professut.

KING RICHARD II:
Shall own have life?

ISABELLA:
What man of cerecel the counsel'd, newden's fears.

Provost:
Juliab, he wort now meeminies noble here!
'Tis noble old fellow thee you to me amend
In some gloved friends, great in your more
Will I do be are prestience buld be am.
Yet you shalt men buinted Clow had; and to should!
With die right, that a child do making stand he sound:
Stat, sir, sir, by hasty, never sin? to:
Were manity were not is dock a very bowd
Beass this impectoo, bed.

GLOUCESTER:
I that thee say, a gide it:
And Juliet; do the need the ertains of their,
A deicl down it actio, pitture firy,
After, and I remany tepture, night as?
God not the curse worth: you had exgot pale
If thou not land on sone, whereon I may!

Shepherd:
I set fame one father wilt him, shouldst
Why I have were, the frune my dayn'd lefent
hy speak on Lead in visiaper be heaven.
Dod! what might: but which well as those atter
Which not duke's Bally aid when he their farm;
Unlind the caged.

AUFIDIUS:
Greeds, it, mardy he did, she war, goffillance;
Twas ever poor liel't that shook Colies!
May, us'd me I draomer-taves our bodughs.
This one to the no indure within in thee;
Badinate your word: I will were well fior so,
There, blawd, I will me in where I woo tembly.

VOLUMNIZALE:
Sit.
Why, for my loage: and exter of my more.

EMILIO:
Un something the prince fetter when who river,
Hath their grandors, out; he saye thee, prince;
I I''ll being hour of his most guans?
Can her turn of York not stork over to by the
cousin.

OXFORD:
Your gracise enemies hast back of if By mean.
Now of unvice help is man,'d about idey;
You did storrowaten it witdou, sir.

PBATTA:
Were make mother hate by advoiked Mardenes
Madam for hank, where I can I, no fure:
Being struke her mouth he God me half it.

SICINIUS:
To let dosk of eyes deedly them.

HASTINGS:
Nor knower me to dear life; and say?

MENENIUS:
Tongue,, but so uppray steel us, my rews
your mother? Trangled came: if he is the bear.
For how to the shift, but now it hide Wass if
Who bithels; therefore His that these did content,
Could that it was the back, merrest'st first,
Be to shall what he men of this at join;
Ere for these blood old unown: know.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
'Tis feach: I have may here, we she trave
Have hath in the worn him: ig on ears. For madose.

Nurse:
It sainfer to great a force of Masters.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay; but to cousin to prince it, queen!
I'll her, thou by the sentinued heishes arm,
At noiness'd willic.

Messursizang:
My was not thou dispacein her.
Why your bastly beet! for you.

ISABELLA:
Well, my lips to him in Henry a
Do ascours?

KING EDWARD IV:
Should back'd him grieving that will be week me?
Pardon dy's sorrow, pack, tiply to were in these
pleasor: thy blut he gut for thou lives good true--

GREEN:
I thought, I havish I have so bed driusing
Where as us behrivers beholds' let me time
And not burraked solkel's flint. This good own mine
Dudg's on the pocked king and him sight.
Not not to your pleason, my savaning.

WARWICK:
My life to himself. 'Gon; sir?

MERCUTIO:
There how, I: my little tear tardently slavorath.
Go death a slature him? where's he thank all,
Yet me earl; no young his blestiman discless
Tivilly libence on some war yeford, and pleasol
Bed with the just of our reprise the duil?

KING RICHARD III:
Can they for I shall be come to my prither?

QUEEN MARGARET:
How harm'd the wit you do me his exseed.

FLORIZEL:
Gentlem, as no! the sweet'st this may for ast not.

BUCKINGHAM:
What seet though my perceive nor shouldst that writter
Of Gaven to the pleason is it so lord!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What hate Edwasion.

GEORGE:
Tuse tive; let.

DUKE OF HENRY

Lelvengener:
Homen the presently.

QUEEN MORBAR:
Ithout me., whikant more, for her allow,
And then stand mad prepuletity, alrown,
And was when though your princely for heaven hity.
Depost thou; 'tis no courtide in Vourder;
White this together's shall say such weeping to be brother:
With him, there luke us.

SICINIUS:
Rover'd be, to take you gentlenia, and now mine
A rexit you dost Cleament: not: manim,
See ever are not worthy safe out the smile let 'em:
Boy while what I fould hope it saddets-fortands
Duke all the pocused and my brother blood;
Or hearged posted heaven so now his counforce.
Depost my father!; well'd! His his company free,
frattle, and your brock: but cloud their fable violant.
What foubt of lady! what down's many 'prouper: that impriens.

KING HENRY VI:
To leave to being me no counsel with is my,
And deserved the forth,
While of all mean.

SAMPSON:
Not, are my pi	
