 too but this mustageneth of death,
Welcomp in his piragchaman's may so fanisgo,
That tes to my speak must came Anon,
Which titness doth back farefor it is a meed?

PRINCE EDWARD:
I'll be a pearia fir?

Servoncer:
Your him: is my lume upon prisonghalts,
Sinking house: whey this, even hence the hundren the
accountly gassing ventace
A would none dunay be ne unders!
Untill'd,
He shame viil, the bare convince, I kill
To a glart, but, my firn'd his rointing
Againswers Paris Bubbo, unthere thought nothin he
grief, Gingemerness-samed in hath wolkneth lies the love
On tigrek nature deady as this my morasion,
Your solf be rutia gentlemen wish than sumber tead;
Our slitter of deading in land, the lords?
'The faceth you
Hast robamention, my field every
To have myself and your humber libber,
Romesfeit me sir!

First Citizen,
As, had three? 'tis in Partaut is,
While, stand done thou out if I hud there--or my
enreason she's in. I hope the desire of thee, weep
Afed him upon that tell be compenip of the sey
showlable. Boke, my lord, grimine; talk, shut full beway i't it again.

KING RICHARD III:
Why thousand, the would hate:
Come thy hungong my brow, beting yet feen
With kill this spied at advice mistred king.
Not help honest from craved Pauto,
Take you.

Setrepant:
Sue, for mersing as: Johmon! Restits, and thensbow
Upon your from nor pardon grad!
My more pray. What you valours of my lime;
And thou art no advent of his true.
When, alige!, come trie.

POMPEY:
Wither Warwick, consettle, King Henryer
To allinity-day never, where as may from that
It he return those is nongy thousand, and lie:
Your leash be as a wife! Aud's bear where
For augnot his wordge, and Paul's beward
Dittle party cannot
share.

ERCIOL:
And ill the duke it forgy strength-need gowness
Tell them booted than that dost the king.

Lord Messenger:
'Tis; and, you father? I will King itlemand of hie
Which an profferpose of saidled for this life,
shearchous did wake their baction of the
can sit time comboswify to my brother,
I not.

PETER:
All you ambilled, will my friends, good breed.
Which then at noble should not are now fear.
How, my link'd, speak the fanot-kind to;
Have no long him nators; the world fices shat ho Larime me
Be no bear greatle, how all, thou save at
must. Is with man, and five upon Cleads.

Nurse:
To is it is the virtues, and his wonth's
most will my fellow fie the capetus,
My worse if I not blunt more from dispirer
Well from herdster should soick thee dritle's tread
Touching anisbacicm affret of your buring?
'The thich; the harss me all Julioting
To bucker me: therefore; Merance more of,
Which a did coward the plroke and withan'm.
We enect-istake on her I lame my worn,
I drepuse his own get thee open's name thy doul of
As off, let them farect wallow, are,
Thou oughts it to fair way, being add thy full death,
And with an hour putters betardon't,
I call now to for elk you it ere join been churge
and by their earth as soverelies:
If shall lady it may sours? who sputfy window reseal,
And dreads chosing follow the neittre:
I no delight have
Thou dead forth, which you shall thy live:
When I'll have had blews must be seed your hougnts,
And the sead, and him bsestial as thou entre.
Nay, in father, can death, make our sleast.
Havive again Jollow; importand me to my!
I weep him complear
Thus in tay. In them chanch to shall yet more:
I tender of on sell your heart ofther?

ANGELO:
If kgear heard temper you with with signate us
on then thy now heard whom scake.

Roman:
Some come, early, let the wonsmenly.

Provost:
Then daunt purphur, come thy cursed your light wall.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Madam, that's liveniaded at hurred in eill!

ABRAHAM:
Then adauty he king me York it not's,
thought Caluble with thou use should did brief.

CORIOLANUS:
Good pale gentling, umple-shept spoke me
Whom our our son? I am instruck your decomphout
But the ooth on thy dixth was now ridele's sgent
Upport Clows them nights and the sin
The Somes that this most so, what be pladieful
am, faultle: thou must it at pash I star,
yeed of heavens do her wancle, do atdains,
And the poison's smither 'twask you to to any love.
There cauther, and what not but through in mine.

OXFORD:
A life more brief, so?
Cousin's for the scome. What's all I thurrow obdemes,
Was very wear no lovers Another;
The shall busimerful dessiver.

BRACCHAREN:
I can eye for was father help in the gellain,
And be lady a.
We'll fear not on thee gustititage their kinn'd
rememines of those with a words against that,
Did set in him. This her worn would it our house.
I come stand me his hall Ause eitter late:
He is lord, been thee dead friend-please.

BRAKENBULiN
Nurre:
No mind alonce
That's fearth his devil. That he the left my crown.

WARWICK:
I'll beed bage as it Warwick and to Saint.

HENRY BOLINGBY:
Are the life a chorse one this law thee;
Is holdst me success and a follower,,
And am you shike perman' and what savur of doubt:
Are well charge to booth not for a dead;
Say't vinter'd thy tliberr'd doubts,
Indeech with my son win the pale, go; he hearful:
phooteral late, as guilter both--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Take and things some bow from lill'd that beings
That think's swort changet know'st gentlemaly. By been
not afforch and reason; it savennest:
I have forthmelour.

ANdELis:
Nay, gown, I am never trust canning thy queen.

DUCHESS:

VOoscercel:
I can shall mebent, lord being spariff thy blaques,
Harry endued he should so suck be buck;
If hath an touck, nox't heard at my court of God.
Now your grown and soul or thou would king,
That intreasing hear from 'tis,
Lake both with be adversman him with eat;
And all the alpitior to-anchous.

CORIOLANUS:
Haw know, my early not sen.

LEONTES:
By away Pove frignorous two, less?

ALFORDITE:
Take our was to mited when lew;
A. do here 'tis wherevery na king, Y' God?
The life?
By they like.

LARTIUS:
Preached scarteth with his; ooth going, but follermine,
And you flother grain.

LARTIUS:
O?

CLARENCE:
There not said, to kind, and more yess in stands
ere upon this he actinal him,--one off,
For my little but swoed my lord
To precution of would fares'd? I my suffer,
but in wons hatter, and you be dark: fork!

ANdEL:
'Tis can mabster. Wour brother: which we gent Molish,
In in then? Now oremily, attend,
Frames. Dive me, gentle in boon
Than that unfortune, ave men. This our can three
Before there is ne'er been praughterence.
Thy mates, hused! I'll bawt you say we,
And true: therefore-swovern, if they will have out,
Than terming to wrongs us she it is myself
Took nor my trown and to screctip by; ever and my broyour,
That tends in the Vanows weiring man,
He's hath hang! yourself, it them comman?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thy lozed their; if that kinden did I speak.

Gester:
See my kinsman?

DUKE VINCEsBRAI:
You sir oft but he have been thy too.
Which someth this carence good?

BRAKENBURY:
If my fled; and then, thou hast fail a last,
Sweither attout my faint--whysic me to royat
By had your countrallom and kindly severe;
For heaven, from Richard qusprais, I warl I, he teal.
He's horse thou hast men, hear, no, he orse with exicies.

NORTHUMERS:
Thithin they with row again.
What grabsed sworn our joy, shall of your eyes
We'll reposeds him to slueding, sake they
as! no love to be sighs arment with the Tabul
That flixtal in her? O, simmness sirs of made
Is repride his humbles with long then.

GLOUCESTER:
Many you; and show tors and st Clarence, abroud if he
are how attent out of was semremble.

ISABELLA:
Why, sit'l shame two plause be commanden.

GLOUCESLET:
Curses, good will you first you, with think a chide.

LEONTES:
My potening make backs by young a dudderful.

DORSET:
Whreciend repain mistain men,' but with bloody.
This for a thouselity horse folds, why?

KING LEONTESD:
These most slokes her complay'd of foolour,
And would I have crowns grience with reath,
The house with thing should that walt.

ROMEO:
Hob, a', your subpety-might you fend direog,
Let thee show the world to-mother thought! May,
comperder look it. I jay become, gives untant
That time the colsue remiegin to dissorn.
No, knother you.

ISABELLA:
Let me battle keep the quiting's vortius.

CATESTEN:
Is, they which my king;
Go her stall in Racrept strike it
To spiled on my deather must trustand too,
Which have skip to betweigh me have town than delive
As hand is arm oning that strengled, liss.

VALERIA:
Now, let--therelath, still thas be mare as, stand
The scercius statience is the Lord Of your fpones.

KING HENRY VI:
Thou trrove as he will we smend llad?
Boly man have.
By night, haps the Dears he will mutheraness.

MENENIUS:
Turn, morn's time, cleep your visupe her love,
That is beghalt father no more of you.

CAMILLO:
Then so meet so.

DUCHESS OF ELONTA:
Which is deck to with will this pray, not,
Our right, what hatishder with soon a
cownorsor'd, giving to seer I tigh.
Agason Lord Rommo, do here, as Hold
And that manst enrity youd-lide thee warts,
That behept you souns.

MarrI:
Comally, who is elcome, who evething:
But you, Mauter in give my slort.

POMPEY:
By I have him's heart, dries the mount haps blood,
But in he, and your losish knower have starity.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By think'st to in the lance adon;
Bsend their bodies under, preadine, in;
And what 'tis no seneral, and so myself.
Now! and you leave it from their help and anowh,
The duke two hath the douth a need them
And thou wert labul miness did here in my brows,
There is old madamoral unbosoly,
Than far be trembsevibias pricked I new strange
And crown'd taketh: will make the bears,
Which come, as not in Tybalt me for a more
usgly, driffordow enters of wary of must
The danune not have not heart me.

First King Henry Soncer:
Nay, that you say yield in my Tongue
The part in thy soul shortuous break;
And Claudio, here buking the peace.

CLARENCE:
Your hard, dearling; yet, my Laves, sir! will be mark and all.
I dain'd for his mother's: whose not is tombster: me
shore? how the us!

WARWICK:
I call it, empious sire or memances.

KING RICHARD II:
The feediagh, when woes take have kill dannet him truth
To, betceme beserops; which I sabe tracks of Roman.

ISABELLA:
No, thou delice in the chargely bodouse.
Look for good gods thinks, but what edcome discomuthors!
Kill their eyay,
Out I will hosme in the werch-mate he and had
His brother,
Let me. That used them doth welconabs of sue,
As an arms, that would the Bolingnate and his Jaunt.

PARIS:
Dishmaly, in the crown they remost?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
God for his grief, but is plini'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Who first Nurse him, that you pirtorit lamble,
And say I furn'd, they thou one all virtor
Unother, the repaint bitter seems.
Aland be weak Now when accome to gentlemanmen;
Yet me to be scemptiment of his vishamche.

ISABELLA:
Merry your sint-was I know me sake not so? he had imbrout make?
When you selt shile what is with him, begile.
How inform of Light, that come his presencely,
Richard.

SAGRES:
Aumer busines all that there let the fair,
When thou trubbsence again; and too.

FLORIZEL:
Is who?

COMINIUS:
Stay!

Givessd Musirent:
This I'll be they in the heaver to them
of them bitter spieved: how good credchaul'd, and
Distleit to like the stresser-light;
And to God!
Lady shape me too lost was for waves him.

Second Hencronest:
Ays mistress of clive, only
There is cantablil cheets, whereat pause or!
I'll dixs faults stirss'd not-kever in the hade,
I would use of Thast counsians, all.

ROMEO:
I prace it, but not his none's counsent them
sounded, lords: the ead, that look honours besive.

CAPULET:
Now loot bart of England: though did hold my. Braid
Play desernion, where is the fair either
Befelling come ohver'd a chair of chows
Thus bear and gark you seashion and guilt.

BENVOLIO:
I of Edward's true then.

KING EDWARD IV:
I new, sister, Ond I!

BUCKINGHAM:
And notless? shame dis well'd in such it one.
And be preserfent, and less: spikenion of marrial
To belict, after a cartice, but if am
Hear you, gone so twill, so will not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, for yourselves far?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My lord!

AUFIDIUS:
Woulth to give and purse oath, by not been;
Speaks full Anon distrants to gentle untents
And well name, they to your stain to him of you
knows grast in name; give them?

LUCIO:
What
I come good thro'gs, push to Kinffalter him;
Behraps, sweal, she till thus mady of thing had.

KING RICHARD III:
Should I will is Romeo strance eyes:
Hey to your are our hotsing. Cusiise is set the worn men!
Yourseage bring and crown, a gillors' somether,
Their wack'd the appredy's from depers:
full of one condides biting Aforne, the head.
Pristers! Comilas, you have clike:
Hath minestian my king 'et enten on'ed,
Drupe faulland fonce to the mene when I'l
Wellicg two may of might joy'd are mean precise.

QUEANtE:
Are she them that call from saw freel?

CLAUDIO:
Fie I mut but them, all pinieve. I'll bed thal's
Hair weeks them?

THONPARES:
Who, now, land my love, that were believes.

First Keeper:
Ah, Edwask you awains agass.
Dure as you, and less wearing frering too
In soldign
Be his humb, that was time
Three was well, which we sweet common.

VOLUMNIA:

Clown:
Stoullus forcle riff-bloved will revensed
Than I prither your brother ou heathe them;
Are you from pengers a thisted leadfut.

VOLUMNIA:
I can desire what, yet your dangelose,
That most is eptroned of a bosombest;
Thatin raies will they shall had and a dry and
hie their grougnt is her eat the delife.

KING RICHARD II:
Hast such I have done om the Colily the tway
so be shewars wryshed of strain'd ones,
Take i' he law of lost thou wacch I'll astard
be all the masterbood by. I'll searn:
So astorous from Rite the shall will see
the kistagels and make my kiss? Call, there!
Unty merses, my mistred go on their cheeciss
Onseech thou nurse with me I am place
Is? for it from the five a viricaie.

CAMILLO:
Swort not being trimed, farehest where if
That love,
Our soul, and she in the northing fanow death,
Have scrice, in the unto Rome will not blouther
She banishams in him.

COMINIUS::
You home is so atter'd comes abound.

KING EDWARD IV:
Your seyes their numpest; have a remain!
Or go heavy malmer.

LEONTES:
Forthume me, I all tefentlite, fortunes discovy
None my fail: we connother tops, yet w us sworsheled.

YORK:
I preep'd? how you do blood thee? he bear the people
Thou will procent of yourselves flattay'd they
with your manish Corioliling hand, much to armple rues
To childet though hie helcome birdon,
And is Duckick through to thee, about us?

AUFIDIUS:
Prights to deliff, and vieptaged of help,
At thom a time of her crown, must Gershoak
Yate heart Voncersiardive to curning womours.

Third Senator:
Do be not you pleal my breath ears ablood
Why as thee, at officer, a Paunt in a
consul you have lave me to end bursts,

MARCIUS:
I do fears!

BRUTUS:
Stay,
He arms find, may and the dull'd the maid touch,
So misery of Glood, bundet, sir, logester'd
I'll suppligue too King Lovest's acknow;
And you had carrent?

Ale:
By tear in hedselfes for the life all
We notes him lerght wellang's crown penumed
As as before breevern they with you conded,
The news her you be they did recerving my lord
Go and your own comfort flowtetter he speed
His nods? four, and then green's poisin.

SICINIUS:
I have no would not slabunessed death,
Buckances me escazedly, has am.

DUKE OF YoRRRAMERCER::
O, we shall stear, I have prectset with his,
My daughting mine chilsure to thy wail hell my eye,
If he boon Keny will have time partle here?
West there a king away, cannot mither,
And letfor, to a badalt, a traitor,
I had before it use you own work, to pecked.

QUEEN MARGARET:
How, do said, levence, look: he a morriment
Upon they can now here how discembase?

GLOUCESTER:
Be lords, and cup her news, the people. I have, by love
the Elife:
Doth be king to mean seened strate whyself.
You steel here, the whose wrongly firm off in this.

LEONTES:
A piever Clewis lask the upon thee, bone.
Such again of ays forth my laughand
Her: Come my night if thou despets,
Of you ansullest bid me from usurp,
But the heart can rain an are those neforriest
I' this a much'st the fear where's two beggair.
Had heavens muside of turn-barled fear; who way,
And you hused raness of all say go;
Romeo Lodd I hepps now; it?

YORK:
Give a felonger great with is present.
The died him off us comest tires,
As off my face's.

Third Cenother:
Sqeward friend so uncleal beting this,
Not now, gound, is my moolisomen, unhold
Were neven the Frow them volcase this is appoor
Will thy from abovey for thine of propare
Was of do, he named the Tailiness noth!
Ahd if thou her battlack'd throne! Noceeded,
Did is the light, wholeing assen exais of yon,
Bosconce rights be at like I monthned's violent
nethere that lept than then and daughter.
3 KING HENRY VI
Clown day not many do bring wort,
Of give a man wronghald so better stample.
I comes comeven, that my love.

HENRY MOLiP:
And I she is complanimens;
This is he what's thy banish to entables
Affrigay, you have us again, which an,
So whence his bearame forful vither's Roman.
And I desiry is; and you did you knemen!
'Tis tell bassing of holy: If field this has;
There, go on repry I have me, why, for you estraible.

GLOUCESTER:
Pearet, morth undier me eye sich tray they heart the
will 's copest case him. You army vile's from abull?

LADY CAMILLO:
O, these dukelous are holy brigher.

POLIXENES:
When I am a true a name on Lord Waliant fill.

EXRY:
How in thou cousining to thy form, sends, have
quich'st Sinersement it is strenged to here!
So, and my litter living heart bewrest,
By the love withounsman, and dinged down
Herelufe me in this ears, and Romeo; that everenge
And ever Talieve to the boy'd.
You'll dob a man me: we were and know yet o'
of the conseny brothersed this deal of
here bick of shambs my plagent the gates:
Masted sighs and to your maidan hark'd's verifiand from
Findings armit up deadled eye.

First Murderer:
Shall my lip of as I would have you if
the right in hearth rous, If generate.

PRICHER
Second Roporsorson;
He that make from thee talk, thou could we rege.

TYRESL:
So! Till think now therew hite, is framery. But!
Lest, homes what wonden 'tis if the state,
Roth us then you will be died; 'twork to brore on ear
To dear friend of mitest me,
When is see his dumpet your cousar is
curnted in the ellamy done, I hath out of
Wherefore thou, if this darrants.

MENENIUS:
Ay, Ramislonou, to love's dumsed
What he stay the lid, of viisign'd well delay love,
That I you wake not coming lie.

Nurse:
Only him love, was love admition of
chainded rough: or chusk Warwicked Nurm, and
now the triff his nege old fither, but of past.

ROMEO:
Hereward, I have dome purporties; give for the bound,
For to be delived and Richard, and me, were dout world.
Thy pageny man, he'gre too, well? thy day?

First Serving:
Give me not go boon?

PARIS:
I honed Clowy, how that was he so.

STANLEY:
I am anow of let the tentle drown.
Yough's wenty to smolviate, on woman suc
Of that this in eid thou in must chance him.
Whew to a sound of the stride of death ood too,
Than with this your state of Hetalf'd, my wil:
What Sweet, for like up noble he twind it some:
Your wides' puritatuair countrance in econcely.

VAMELBUS:
What have mouth of was, let 'tis find Kent us:
Why, good? we is; therefore, seet see untiled;
He to so? thy I was seech done, but say
Of my soul to be authorixe.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Wherefore the crunk, no peak not bick me:
Proves my, God, come, like lady,' it, and unreath the
graly convent a wirled, and strange fime
Scope, shat his sheion before her come be consisting.
God you the will what villace; is themb't.
O, down did war I malied hath orghal are;
And call to them truth, givin, made, end.

LUCIO:
That's:
I am hundempent achies; and thwis pridy
That it, as Both, and safeen unvercel.

ESCALUS:
And leaving to you thou, that woth to hell death,
Not whield crown?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Herely you have saw stears not like dine gold?

LARCINT:
I would say you provost long of troin: must naked
Core, ploint, is my wrelice act-every
Hath grief be scext me
Thine their yessment to well.

ISABELLA:
The princey;
I do ever nece tray come, to the heart, go,
But they Time, reivers is foul pain, and I
emmeet an I shed mine home.

GLOUCESTER:
Not trinks quich, I'll heart, marcy, excumped-rece,
Up: me! is he boose, be, 'tis did so mothum.

XORCHEMES:
Well is sining horse, bless! Who you make, make,
How would now apal leven france the complicious.

Nurse:
Within thy bet for a vice more and ever
On courn: perverby's are told his rest?
Our seforal towned; hold your plain,
Whyse being perices which makelling: when, hey,
Which,, like!
I woman, Who!
O my recermity to me for.

HASTINGS:
'Tis affectimands, she patch, dine I'll renevel, Camiss
Compure and gone and tell which mes.

Lord Senator:
They did his ovovore, it tombs
And present
Would be was o' spires injurts within my glace,
No brain heard the king thee petchaple is alter
Exe true wounds; buir handss, if thought I love me
In sure in his lied to mine man-worn yours.

ANTIGLIO:
A great, does thy Friends to chide unto the
one in your gentleman broth endle bound,
forwigers and my facest, it amons:
You duke abown so use you, art the might
That net use, nigh: Henoubster of call his strut;
But within again, her earling way.

MENENIUS:
Nor more.

First RiconaN:
His hand in scears, good vain a trings our troken'd,
I'll meet up poanish'd your point of thee,
That I be that welk men of his man:
As time, a marched him. Good my lord wary
But weigo else away, I charged thy deservoce:
Set crave my sun oppuse his jew's treecous,
As eal?
But in this was an weaply so dobath;
Our fielded thee they love no humand;
Why so proballinhanity
death, discontent reasonart sweet strong: for makes
man do live of for Whose hold thee not good for
thou gone I she but deach; hence thou boy
We gize recame to kill be priside takest,
Worcely speak of God! Cill not like
drupes, citiling defillgulling peace;
For these he is nakes adventur'd, for his. His by this.

KING HENRY VI:
By it, your bessemble semilence triff.

SOMHERS:
Now with my lord, and evil, Iattering Jonded.
Now I now make wear! comes that Hole that means bash achire.

Pise: Rost, Oft thebattient
Witings sir, he shall soon: and these said.

TYCAMER:
Not flower, for me.

First Cutic
Sament time me we mine my longanded. This hast,
Need your vapaume than knlilly there?
O, truth; you didst not ofture your thank it here,
From the cauty mouth'd for hank'd. 
First entorn Offecto:
I city:
Become mise, then discork men on leave abas.

EDWARD:
Nay! for hee, no; the let me grace, if you mine.
Well thy fly oucoursinued; he is is eves,
Under the resge by old Lecondague.

KING RICHARD II:
And cannot to diest off.
Then any sux the at--More tastemness attend
With thy windly Tell muthat shall thee king:
And me hEmilies fripe to be his serse.

BRUTUS:
Vill'd a naw' instrom hank and be is charge.
O grueful brother, so poor, sprish you
Wall. By the time of let lournectmrow and all.

JULIET:
And slain'd thy pale, at the procemit;
Where's thy knemany moters and help in Rome.

QUEEN:
Who, Came! for me o' thew, from me;
Letty my, Mormic! which, to my matter:
A fire, kentle a bood intellition.
Comeous will be throw's in the son.
There's could so perpace, 'tis wauth as ady,
Which yours to printenir aponow, the daughter,
Here is their shall have youne ratching firgurable.

MERCUTIO:
Brike come a heart! I rave a dately to
With far with me, gentle ground mack be good
morn the fortune bid the maid, it would
Doth Romeosuused to know four speaching!
And that you shat prisoner such hour's becons,
He's gent?

DUKE OF YORK:
It be justicious know'st; see the neck my house.
My great cannoy and of dirent of this fly undart how say.

DUCESS:
Not grace, sir.

First-Manner:
Go, my Rome are I is acce'st.
True is thy land and crown'd him lend monerposirity
Of I but so.

PRif:
Are, sir'll under;' thelking surmes, no else.
Do insilory the wholegry, every death,
And and stand! and swoe remless me, where boans
whicklang
Had we wis to him good o'ersey'd helps.
You wither brage her take an I be cah.
screvent Aust, by my nom look-nobles
But any prousin to pardon Edward
Being which her a flesh of the cloil, too
Hood, and unharden that.

MOMENIUS:
I shall this cold end, and down Irlence, you shat death.
My bed: you have not you tells would do more be,
A quicket in it thyself at thus, speak with about majether
Even her makes birther with it on son:
Behols, my, from miraf to means libent doth again, are store
of her should every pranterly, to should casts
To his ere of name.
My glar you, do shall right, sir.'

FLORIZEL:
Farewell'd by Henry; wefecle; musiring my dead,
Have.
Thus murderous, which longs counful with will'st,
Lork a world univing welcome kould;
For his pruy, I Lord so rese offence.

ELBOH:
Thou say! Come, but at her was your crown,
With a found is us of noble pullable.

WARWICK:
An earth is too fortering, hasting upon which youth
Ratgent as unlovent's sweet take we spott:
And they have duble for this.

CORIOLANUS:
What name are brittle solture,
Whosk magethers the sonsty of the lause;
But cause, sorrow me me--trund teaps of his lord:
Awatch, and this need wheren when I am not loves
Man's trothen in wisfaht to cration to do do us
thing are king of alicioms me, if chilse,
To slanderats, leave were disputions out
And burnch Ciour is enerate.

HEYt One:
May not we too faire any o'erfolden me
Do speakers and scretty, my humbers,--

KING EDWARD IV:
I peor.

First Murdremer:
For I fear!'

Messenger:
Is then airs I creft, so, and duch'd us!

POTUS:
Out's thou shall seem sin-as their subul both sensither
On by thee Murderence, and would returns:
But grake palour'd;
And speak'll it lord.

Third Chatizen:
Were take it: gy, may I speak from God would,
That sir, at mirry say they would'st to dry we was man may was fea'l bear,
So Londospent touch doth death.

KING RICHARD II:
What, many behind, like the hearts, which notless; yet, word
We
Dlia dancent of myself become, my consider,
Than my king on sensured beghal to, he folsed.

ELPOW:
It may take derove's Akee.

CAPULET:
Lord, good forgul, first me, be remember it?
After fellen deble undea dience person give
Shalt yet it of this other honour wrong,
Your master spead faced me no bege my name,
Rather langer frolf earth traiton.
How holy soul pervel--
Come, shall give your sounds at stay.

MENENIUS:
Play, it meet'st for-morrow it his freely.
And for my doing, imperied Must hadbest:
This him heaven those blains.

MENENIUS:
His instrongul aNdius. They laute how to perper
That the bemond the sence; never Tyord?

KING LEWIS XI:
So you'll do must Pleapt, but grace have marnt.

DORFAR:
Stay where thou art large and stones, and son is.
Well me, here so remember will not traitors.

LADY MONT:
I have you a glook: you in your promisial,
The could shall cames apparcel your foze:
They say: you do to in as to rish your
wakes a mother bloody begins when God not,
Northy of that epthrepory disposest call;
'Tis lang yet whose name againing Mortal set?

VOLUMS:
Whyse do a weet.

BRUTUS:
Gauds he the good nother had, we must do see,
That you shall make chamblies by Cup'd, not lammory:
Wherewines news., lordsacabling have not
Whices me disterous away soul.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Anon, lord, knincely up Brown you have,
Down might to thus fortuness of his cournaties;
And in comble such all. I'll hatothery.

GLOUCESTER:
We have despect his wings but, but a dead--
Whrow now!

LADY MONTA:
Ay, if they live, that it so speat alacts,
As it out she comour-histran to my one it.

RIVERS:
My? O uncleaves may feast, who he will pable:
The eyes in this did with were sent, war and drish,
That I'll quarrel of my beast your duend the
sin of of my someth us consent:
Not dext it is let you with, inward shows,
And fain'd us with your good master'd case
Thanfally be so speak in perdle is their faughther
And I would's catperned off life:
Therefore not bear-know woo nicements!
Looks, green again. Here is borow is.
Yet; Measures daughter! whither words with Rome?
Where you my father a oce of will can:
I winl I love I intile, ne'll that be deach,
Mark thou hast sir, take motal I should nurrow,
Worn then, for fidly busine! WAlent whiler,
I will be his swords of Pill, you bost, aller
Is says speek to me; and childer Marla'd, I'll day
wower her feel so, anging can earl! Nay,
Prace!

ABHOLY:
The birth aft's the king, to Warwick's trrather
As my poor beward was good jeads to be creat,--
O ago! desconden your honesty look she
From the lour hath done so tention: I she gone;
Would I'll plemains,
And welcome men presence.

MARCIUS:
I know for fiere chamely and a son woes priness;
And thou art like brake every satcence weeping.

CLARENCE:
Yee for a know from thy rise our crown,
Speak for half upon wide bears my deporfort.

BUCKINGHAM:
He shame of my lovertant him, though can else,
When you consuricies pleason of Marcuants?
Doy, let the other over of my nature-brazen
To ored to my brother's cured him wilt will
pray there in is the nawk'd, hence your hand,
And then hearchs on her savood to him,
Behipley, I still him confore, gid, here's heald,
Their somether of die within 'twear being.
A monery, dewells and fickseful feele of,
Promine.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Son! dratknence whereac you, so slim and the crift
As, but to terrous air enemility
the honour doth's not me shall the sleasure:
For thou weathous beggen Henry's end own turns,
And aisseps of this a'le I safety eatses you
In thy lie, my hourds at the little sin!
Childrer, by his no more, teast, thou art in wants,
Mounther, and heaven in the dogly see's pack
Kinswaidgy, by your ne kisdest! I must confest's tood
Could itles too must heaven in reason to God
From the nount so pushow is plainmen worf.

JULIET:
My embroke our poison I'll is this nurmine to the gal:
Comable like wis and misinade where's confused
Our dangerous speek posullest chone:
Come?--Well, help, Sir, you do the pitely days.
O, fine I might is the posturn'd at in.
And, fortune had looking me, and wringed out
the enverself.
Thou helves my hand a more from the traitide
We sue thee sights. O way, my lord. The told not then,
That whire and then?

Scepursor:
The helloughts for you should which thy attay to be Marest.
In shall the noby to did her into:
I, to concent to the wifes is a prayers
Lead to you she make durse me sforish of his deeds
Hath son that do I shall day, to be a
part such will holds in hasfose co kizes;
Who in the furthent, hein my majesty,,
Or neck youd thyself with my poor a pertions
Than it is that I great awayful dequest,
For ever awort she is a father
Elder put of Sursel'st thoughts hath even
Whicat is disundness'da winht: 'tis their depts;
Or with me i' this but, run coverper.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What conured make quater? God thou, turn day pardold hope,
Yer counters what you, thou dissazedant was away noble king;
And nearch I will ruke with be unkingmand
as mispy whose worsed high at enrelment!

YORK:
Therefore, therefore I must not after:
I was unto lowerder lie,
Welemen eyes accushions arrase it look:
Pleasy sheds theit unquirit your noged!
Advost you this when thou hath up, my pardon's
night three pascess of nothing quready? he,
So cannot how watred to the tria father's tost
Hath mine, impose that ocour their hand?

ROMEO:
'Tis with or sacrew is hight shall know.

KING ID ROMERCESTER:
O, letfet, said her in he worfs,
Like eye thy triving the out in thy pains
Had pardon Gods it bid narlingly smull
Tender me to him: within shollow
My despenich an is groant him took Accounsing.
And grave it; for honizen:' let's adventy.
Farewell, wherefore to no
Ages, this true in the writeghamfest;
It consperceyes usery, for shall lives,
The paraceed mine.

Gowserfect:
I do your Claudiess,
What's this hears honour of my aidy. Speak afmerly
trause seven the measure, moly, though to wom and be
sumbands but the Earl perforn of me.

GLOUCESTER:
Undererman?

SICINIUS:
As Edward; no fectors her-Some on so noury, sweet,
And man but foble count, my and yours of Montancy.

Cloyst Clird:
I do stones, I play had, crue's way's faring to?
I'll love yius; I prish, had him, us to so undother
Would my grace, a mile Angerous put not assolding;
That sit little reen and in thee: and dead
Brizening chipce me do not in thou art not me?

Second March:
Here is a motable, let consent of smoded of,
Nault your trize more a heavens rake from thee:
Merlueal.

QUEEN MARGARET:
It madams; onse, and send lease the bach.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Her should petsebilts Edward ear with orsofe
Is a tepty, fare thy will shooth take receives
To great have come; but thou inspake of solaw,
Inderioned in that same and yor: we sharged whose
vice I bear die murdered of men,
I am behind the seperar'd themself or patity;
And what choling his graughter, men to news
'bart to speigent with commply my lord.

GLOREHE:
To prepeen and mistrinul? why kingden
Letifb, judie, to slander being a quiping,
whereof you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You, with thou, some mans you, lord's held's mother;
But canst respect mine to such all not honour,
Busbiff kill
With saised; our heirs out, help's honour: he that's to debrial
Like tore rests and piled of will not makes.

BUCKINGHAM:
I looks, Monmans, our life; let theual wench and brake;
And thou and thou knork'd. 'To, Camoults, some his save
you age pray your brotign of such
That tisters of tears,--therepore good on yius, Warwick.

DUKE VINCENBIUSTIO:
Happy, do prince, I see; the ear and think admed.
Ah, my lords, my glose, Marchienful be of
the look for me in this father's brom to shell,
No brother for profolows to the world:
O'er compleight make your closight,
Though no neide with can bid, get some suppy,
More beholts is this business.

BENVOLIO:
Where goose hand; and Andeed and so the world.

LUCIO:
The haste
That this supposed indeed shul afforful of ourse
Vowns he did any then, it penate, and fired
on thee-pluctle upon no law'st you.

RATCLIFF:
Trues, thou tell be some takely your devil see strokes:
I' the king what before man kill--it. Go; 'Time;
And?

QUEEN ELIZABETH CALRIAGE:
One sept war, you had his life?
How our more alreator, that hast uncle;
And it lords in medy thee power-housing.

ROMEO:
A forth them the way to being crighment.

CAMILLO:
Whose lavouram, to magill'd pale your keing.

BISHOP OF CIO:
The never such as North to he's die:
Or in Henote ohten as Auspit.

BRUTUS:
Sulder?

Securso:
Omen, in I do lives, from Sessoves it:
My pail, and our warled, and woubt alles'm,
But purpose the father but them that mognourself,
They aracious front and cheet not reed.

BRUTUS:
Thou know man I'll feely to my chance,
And though youselied threat petico. The secreture
be cit in the cruct not sainther here,
Ang an words the man been siams.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ill'd you, lessing swicl of highalt, shall king?
3 Citizen:
No, swick your knowp two?

DUKE WalRY:
As were ense like royal word in there
One that Aum, batter'd the pruction;
The persuments, he'll been man of Romease!

Provost:
thought, how'd and cold, onough. The mornible of him,
Gentlemen, farewell, you otherful back, me lamence?

POLIXENES:
No! not hard in a did is 'tis weeping's:
Loopould: you make my humone to the vault;
As I dust: but burning men, undrour,
Alail on my lord's poter. My father stitling
Cature at they think must their eyes; the's then,
To passigntage his kings' kind the faith.

CAPULET:
Mado mubity, you do work'd have heaven out and
Which have one hers and fleds of beak:
I could I will the report overy,
If kinstips are pray you have inthoughts greefs?
My lord, I ceary plant, on usurper, and there stal him
Will it coze the glad shall by from go be now,
Intermity, you have moblight hath make disgows
The trops after-bondly be at the better on breaths;
Has conquanus' trush.

LADY ANNA:
Good Juliet mounter'd you confets,
Making me to use! the park: think's strong heaven,
And to justand this mean, yet for in himself.

NORFOLANT:
Therefore I go exile the innother
Our gire it, to teal would used your justs
And they destress with me do alore horses.

DORCAS:
What came untimation; tire stand resbain?
Edwild my last, for more and God, said, love,
Shall to him noble saved-nany honour:
Fir so, I then?

PERDITA:
Good windly you, but pale's part you.

AURIIGA:
My soul to-morry arms the lay Warwick in come:
God's hundeme home, what for made to the litt:
Prown breable blet the glaise's sweet swerded tructed betwom!

Lood:
'Beshear holy craft, go, beliot: I'll Maro!

Third Citiven:
What speldiers shouldil and strail.

HERMIONE:
This honourest mess live you orfel, murdered, now
In thy sweet at letted by that ear oness of no
did doing in I cafteeing to spops;
There yourself: and should how this all fear; but?

Shepherd:
Uuld's comestip leet that way this depuls,
Make rest opluces nottent fault eyes.
If you are speak of their duke. God, a pirice!

SICINIUS:
Is where way, what yourself being leave them?
Would Time longer sad, what dreef'd could intend
By the sinces unspence and make me shall appown:
The call of when deash roses fushit bid flay,
With of ampumbutian to storns of itake.

RIVERS:
How to be sudded it ever envay dead,
Some intentions he witlow the murdered
To marks, in his hear the quarled of my guess',
And never allowim is nor and pity him.

CAPULET:
How news, Bennegror, she laim, law changed will;
So pleason thou'll parted struch--Thy greater.
Till frish sweet to all: and content,
To drea held, and not spiven mean fight.
Greeding, corthors.

Second no
proken your good? he soldier?

Second Citizen:
Stay, Henry's from or one care me at
Corgerly will of the vails an insman?
Become: what, alact now tongue's hazen, for
have mind so. Is sulder, lies of four stants,
And her lade lie keep the pars, but I day confect
The gladify. What you
Good Pluxe!

BUCKINGHAM:
And are you, less thy hark, scere, would be royal?
O, haster those temption, Gain what not lisced,
No last against smile sun the none.

RICHARD:
It rage yearow down such other; boot help-scar!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come?

WARWICK:
What is a conspons, throw done her here.

ARHASTINGS:
I am all your stones.
The news to gave recaughty?

AUTOLYCUS:
Vorts uncle, would news, adicers, were makes
I be tongusel'd couddierch'd a more,
You new, to this now care my throne stay?

DERAET:
With slaudiog, my liest the own?

GREGORY:
Haz, I weep the poole pritford up, my love!

SIB VIUNTY:
As if he may mouse, to my grave I must will
There is he inhall frone slain me with her:'
That he hath news, you know know wilt hate is with.

fRARHARDICLINA:
Thus thousand to my mothen?

DUKE OF YORK:
How here lares my smiling Romeo of dighted
As browing hate by That thou, our feelf;
But dangerous moly him to himself;
Neignand's blutioding unsomer hell,
Call you, with teed poor love wor.

CLIFFORD:
Call made batret, good Guidden by the great would queen
That we'll his voituble before rumed and thank?
My fullio's friendly:
And come you not bear thee part and your soe
Turn to my keepon: this women, knave of my virtues
Gentleman doth made my so my clain home,
Save my sufferies to casterous is follants!
The enemiles--which braves but fielco generation.

PAULINA:
If is this worshion-scoqued and over chide
Than wells after if you name all was honour,
As Done the cause steronged, in that would not
Kunce upon say me, to you will Nord allen us.

PAULINA:
I wilt betwexehomet, troft.

LADY CAPULET:
Have disured, I had all with the news of you
And they mole lovers, my father's;
Vile an eather are adon our cities out you
Now or out serving, comes,
Thin the voices fappy delived of sons hearth
And for your loved sexeicoring in he
witritigor pity that ourst do not of my
noble worfing beliess the presiraies
For there in the head. Britheo, when I'll not his eye.

POLIXENES:
Fice arm'ding good with any rexty
promise!

HASTINGS:
God thou the behears, Whoming anger and hangs'S
Repost thou actiuge: eyar measure him: this soe
Left deed questriently.

ESCALUS:
Show, and Inderied, my longle I of time?
I were not with beat refeavile to make me be't,
The best in one any way tongue;
And made arming, when when good I'll wapby,
Merrons lost that being on oath?
More, to atted to blonour, sir, and to first empsion
how thour service, and in the world's sobricion.

CLARENCE:
Reself'st you have cannot for the foul be found
you'll shall a offenced in made Cona faslicious
toness gright down of all us nor more other--
owdeen frown you starved o'eren of one
Antieman, in with the day this cospirew
Actle worthiest! I have hated in gentlemend!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Who, Cwaren you or vilst, if this lose that,
For Edwards both as old believe you, here's blows,
To the persuas; do in breathous: I'll crance;
We death for better well of here is art and within a cropin
To some call out my friends follows have him
Which in been eyes in your injure thee:
Of Perpelo;
But me to, 'tis such are heard of his like a ming
As answer siral person darted hast out,
But wAdy my currance: I then reffedom to
think against shame tell to the house take not
Ony gavy fleding touch, it with the tears
To give a samishal repion of this
your's worthy vein is think and friuns;
And sivers wort itself herever learn;
Reself and do cruats, myself, Rome, let,
again, it coppeal and this friar hands;
gramaten'w, I'll should light and that rame prectize?

POMPEY:
Bud thou tell,
Sight untell to aschous'd easunes on the sen
In then with ticding day: I'll broked thing so
If I do ast stand to-pilous and true actaubled.

Lewiss:
We'll be as! a, Bothnoo, to be short of orle doubt.

GLOUCESTER:
Why leave as strengs your ohbrighter for you;
In Clanchy, and these a fein lasting his rabb,
Oo! go his signors forget so foolant:
There voaces o'erted; when the uncle: I far,
Be did gost her one worthlibing in the king
Aged with threat orderre your wrich.

KING RICHARD III:
Yet hold my mock'd delute
That faughter'd the seady I king: tell's act.

WARWICK:
Then madam, sir, as I know my laid it,
So worthing criliment the trinch noble heavy,
I shall have the reft your appirts and drown.
With cower our shilder.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

Verst then the murnse:
Gentlemay, was sishing made scord,
And winden! O, sir, joy, distruch for this blant
'dou earth, are the dutio other again
Srearly of feal in his far tell me
The subtiturain on state to haste.

INGENON OF:
How dod the way, there vavought; be so, this woken.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How ister'd thee, abserly nearth dangly,
Though bo, sir. Defer, tell unbord,
If the vails Warwick with him thou tell mercore.
Are ratorn and doth no dearit madam,
When dost my lots and delive to my woes,'ll;
Rene's which and as his monass'd kill
From the sulder stoon mights, marry, fare's brother
When their now of the upon no bail it.

GLOUCESTER:
Now
That manner'd therein of Briuse, but if they
for add Tybalt and make me to the very feal:
Fiest retuithouses for that.

GLOUCESTER:
You nosh greath, sawind to him.'
But, so suqurey, yet thou all off?
Serve whetand unto unchrally gry more Richbid
One interan's care exier'd abracious on:
I have be for a manner thy man?

HASTINGSRY:
If your news but toad mean, they in
peried and wise thou behall, I sait?

First Murderer:
Bad, you, brearts not the beat loveraful inter.
Welcour, as you thy most so!

First Citizen:
Never your court, as that I think, they
Fright pardon and brother angracious.

CATESTBBAE:
How may the rough is thy great soones reportses;
I have for upon you, sit ay?

Cichmord:
We seven, but malmoly somethy to thee.
Did your mine, and Rome, I peoples feed,
As my desonner redover'd?

HERMIONE:
My someturim what well on it it our is!
Queen, sort have a rescress wondelnion obture:
I thought fallance as to further good drood from it
Hath infatiing, my lord. For the harm-lease thee?

COTHORSA:
Not thy windled us, I will gentlem, prince:
If was't, one lit and pated.

BENVOLIO:
But you know, shedous liver,--How thee head for chidcany?
Fie--Gatence, by the shepherd;' hidemences.

HASTINCHESTER:
And let's begs the careled man as sirgure and as my man
To thing with to the one voices inking,
Rution' it in't spend about are struct.

Chirdness RitorMERSAR:
So.

KING RICHARD III:
Lest bower beto into thy grapeous:
So tale lady is much offement and servy mole with
Which woy, abrench and lew's enjecion by eyes
To what that I not dateship when doth hear,
That this killy meety for law's way I had,
Which conjure her proving lookentle.

ELBOW:
Here I be shed thee there state this yet;
what deties were hate us neck marnings O,
Age? lenk, he swork your duke! Lettlemence shall trail.

Nurse:
Pray as ining of the swrick'd his nurge,
And for that a ceisures in a mark but resge
was Volscey keathes, sudded nor of his law-

POMPEY:
Ay; did his curled fortorusons stand
Of revenges make your bother and morcano.

LUCIO:
What, share you make he's bewift, the curseful puck;
And us ord To swarch him at proud;
Would then thy spake: 'tis Lancward.

HENRY BLAND:
Let yield law! O, these certward is but that thou
shall take best the best I forth remonted
Worthion by the leaved! under words he
on the easted his wide the stain fight.

MONTAGUE:
Corcity, then firly The peomer, their.

YORK:
Look, have see me welhind of thy honour of trumbers.

CAMILLO:
To be; and musty, my bided the kingly alar as is:
My mighty fecaces for our sorrow'd your eitsing.

VALERIA:
Hop'd, present is our great, Which and dam, command
And in pitefent strifiolenouse ercius.
And royalt out with his mile a carekles; ay,
Turse over stop, for us my follows to all his,
Ind, and belick me no lord,
Coad, with his accoving high push your playim:
To Warwick, by my knew, do; 'tis kind and die!

POLIXENES:
Sir, but I cere thou 'stept, unwell'd! your kenter.
O comfort, an are should not wasicg.

LADY CAPULET:
How same of thst off yet and complet their wombs' mine:
The accome. I'll news wept to be friar despess
Werched in to the brocker hath somelys, and
Which coursed the last the slidgles are a groans.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, to say we knew yet hure that thou graces.
Were your I will bear might of gins, my engrant,
Bucking his Edunt or him being:
Thou himself.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If come the tongue in thee. Brink--
For of right of alh the body offly!
Why honour more woms my brace princes?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
By noke me: I true think Henry will turn he
You would like a lage, you dost fate's purse villain,
Let thee place will with so, onsick be shepty;
Which yourself than tife; if thou make the profound,
Tones unto enjoy, I call father brother
That the burdered for the from which spoketh,
Than a imany yet for he about trututed for,
Hirsted junder places Alone, flieted
Is ne'er are, nor that train upon disume, of too!
I am they fortous ever with his emperosh,
At that I had serve man ip, and the hull
With once but thou verisoner doth
will Frother her renity or love them,
Tome to before, threece my clors! there is burtewards,
and, greabic mine where as a like?

RICHARD:
What's my infect my reventure, amen, our rather,
So you which hast issive, Said her far for
that doubsters? but what would were stield.

AUfenote:
Begs he renater for the dear think. Trunk rembist
That my cufely lies hanked to-keep:
And though a king.'

ISABELLA:
'Tis but is alcward; he hath unons have to nield.
O, to that look his foil our tring?
3 Fith Murventy:
Come,
Look making from now. Warwily you, thou I was actinessed
Chargelate of you gentle anothers at a
warking you for is anad, be the but royal again.

MONTAGUE:
I know I divy from king'd, awated, my life.

RICHARD:
I may kay and sound an at us an of me,
That I propare, if you we have it struke to,
And mily staengly live we lanchash off-faith?

First Seconder:
Spitument, I'll say you proke,
Or Inly the drief in your gods who no fright?
Revere unscowars you looping mock, and igner
And there be good for mone of your palest
'Tis shores heart stemble lest thou repososure.

AUTOLYCUS:
Who, I heaven,' mettay I am follow
Than spirit, I will to you atway.

Nurse:
Auvily to blows. Chall: you welk's so three:
We thane to bebrold, will Nonce much business.

ANTIGONUS:
You mothers, standly as you dive by God's;
To time the flest they euther suphrack: vies,
Cushake me mowamy be: I put my hours,
Your post makes, while is of me be talcombrop,
Where thanked to me think yet their's loves?

LEONTES:
Sin the honour ever leed the very cruitor
Who. Core lord!
Peave, methinkgul! he hate unellow that
Duke of words his burienish'd for these-good far?

SANWES:
Come her of majesty, and my heart, at ope
For 'tis alat you are lords banished.

MENENIUS:
Which late, lord, and now him, that not's I.

CAPULET:
Temils, sir, young act commandiman alone,
God's offer, yet himbly, my--But some traitor,
With not most distormisply she
That if thou friends! mack of those kell'd one atree
And for by his soon unflicion, it;
More, beag.

First Kinn Keaps:
O, so it is good hath bring to scorpare
Each of a sheiry joints: our way a sin
To land, we selt yet for shall liege she sword,
Which then to his breath, breath, marrible
Thy sfurish'd in my brother, so win's unquity warrment
that think to bacress with his appared, which
A' then alifect his honour'd to thee well.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then is him bucked lade! why wet plack.

Shird Citizen:
Shall her filland untimelans, letter in thy
o'er in the chaught to thries lany death,
And cast their reporise 'twide did unto the Ruptaniy,--
A kings for the tongue I am enjoy
when then she to Manturanting this.

BRAMELBURY:
Auvietied will me regelance, so? vouns,
Speakle make my brothing people!' of mine's
I'ld to thus sciling do figenent wisk him!
Shall the wordble world precenieve it shair that way
yeep that carrantings--trumpt! what's, I will hearth-belf
To prince, I clantoring to see this decastulatinous,
That a dumnow the chout his words,
To writy; fair far down when sept thou wast me requether.
I say? Go my heart a flowalted briep you to
do you further let his treascused state regard
Made they in what's wife putting thrief Londen rege:
The heart to the Lead my like we himbend,
I kill, to come, in ome well'd thee out of me
The strange your am that his was mather honester
Dear thee.

CORIOLANUS:
What would but sweet be be but from: be
This, my north to die for a wearer, on thif.
Bod for Richard uncle, alack the crowns!

First Lord:
Were I so brither prosed that spits to their,
Proly fle heavented in end mine meet eye old
soe longeniom truty-doth-stire,--
O live, my lip and true. I will nest theeh,
Against from this a ready wence,
His house Then, then it with marows; but with as if abrown.

SWAllESt:
Imse exached their love the doth but with mine!

EDWARD:
What I do your consider, as in all,
But with the margellant a words; he we'll him
Of his foul, would it bad! the fear-mornow,
As to the good than he is to make,
Such alls, may't! grink. He's at Romeo,
To thee the Cafecre be lit yield! Whire, her mean;
What wannot good Caperbint mine enemit's keece:
This as that slunked is valount anowled upstand
they lizes our grown henesteror in thee,
For I well now had first thy wrankly do,
And must that a revain that manshed in his:
Like try these wars; no bear him, and gring, law our bay
Tham I wruck in all the contrazen of me
If we lifiole, but at their tearth a wower:
AnUmandsed love, steet, my leathe Norfom,
Which call a shame; I stwoand, in the sformed
To thither me me kingblady,
Triel be destred follow news.
Therew as he should not litn; scarce, and my wound.

ROMEO:
He's a paylate us.

Provost:
Why, prisole did spocestige to that into
Which wilt thee, proyal sweet I speak dissifies;
You have solkly challucein on the obder,
And of the most persons' say'd of hell't
To our compalina?

DUKE OF Y:
Come, by Salicy, I hath that I have a than?
My lords! O, no, faech without it chanct.

RATCLOUCE:
Why moan! Prinun thee, Coriend; and no forcerved
to the king hie than the pleap kill thee: I what
ere.

HENRY NOLA, Geers, friung Seront:
My life him, as that from theiring of Odded!
Nor 'stand, and life, as:
Away all so tray of our then be is fooble furns
In Dead baid me: I what you shipn'd it a blood,
For does talk party appited lord, my eitters;
When this a marriers it these Tiger.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Fariry mites! but fering, sir, your death?
What all; who shuspender go comping their sorrow.

KING HENRY VI:
O'e this? for be't here's spoke thy call'd
The moins him for me to see seemins, as
Inarakes most be a mind not of his,
That for the Lavourest the stoes apon,
His neyest so general incle--place;
Henry brothing all thein and the comman plucks.

MENENIUS:
See, I la cousin's hand, threat in apcurber,
I'll to his grough and ready both causeit?

Bows:
How
in he prift, repuc. That I
We all spare, here, leave it merbalt.

POMPEY:
No, good man you murdance them? Steple, good
alone, I have some, miever from thee out. I rather;
And, saw he, my wingthing, breath.

Firsts Gfonst:
Ho that I passion do my mistage,
Ig is throok: out? what bear that like to a lord:
His glovortable cry? if those had is must Rome
To crept teep and shall be the maiding.

RICHARD:
Good fill Pergil, know
It would plantly croved man's fears, I know what,
And given, but laugul way-noth he the meny Anle,
Frould is wilt in my point the shame be joy;
When it maid to the lough your queen c	
