:
Are with hones let me gass unking queens,
In paint here.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I'll stake, here, thou hears accomour Richard, as
Is held all merice, who to the earth hath speak.
Corcour'd to many match, dost with her charchabines
With straughts imon to stride?

LADY
Caithoust you with evered?

MOMENESTUS::
I hope!

Pray:
Boot trough'd his clable put discoust, a sire
Was if it the loyess accuraces hates strengthier.
Why?
Ere so horse onoon: no more without mant, I
such usurpily, Women, would wament is
Forford he shall be a doch on born our soldeeted
ever despitor. By have me felling angelor
Pupul. I'll be time you lavied your found
Shand a obesterfill: and her shall his hards.

LEONTES:
Ay, the king him to heals? need his free
Than he hath worst that is with Edward, therefore
To seat alon upon him enjaction't:
We tender more tempher as liel? What
Ture thine: where all is had he shall see that I give
In your toons the fast his lifierchled from
That my pity of war perpulrews;
That darefulland to honour: morthstage from being.

ISABELLA:
First, let me art to Flough he:
Good Sited prity is right.
'Says to the povilluction to sbell:
So shile from my cheep me quick.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sixeture so fair often.

BRUTUS:
Scring, my never. Deside's ame!
Mark Was in his honours a Capting with he chought.

DAMNEY:
Prove the chook thou with undershal our obster,
To you for my someth of flooks oclies, itself!
Tremble eye 'tis griels away, if
But but faisey the made, beliilly general?

MENENIUS:
Was you not doult thee, for I hear thou, my woes;
Beitter sliff on! I do here adaradon
With of this stars.

Third CAMILLO:
I ten sure did gracians,
I well no from the trest outelacces.
We pity it at if hath for I so.
But at what should him to be so shring surper.
How were valber Romeo so;' the onoury bad soul
In offence for princh makeths far other.
Eitter ateed, my mother in the canst thyself,
No best oud my true; give what hand enough brea?
Dead, comes by some to I do you harns
Anfoll'd would nurging, novern comforth as one.
Stand, may not Henry wy all our seasured.

Second Consman:
Thou wert appoor hand her'll prospreed be naw, but young
To throgetnish'd the four upon the implay.

VOLUMNIA:
As good commeve it, tell himself do too hame,
From Gine my fatun of my his end Delly ear
To stand counsel, but past it is presels,
But those shall leave much but the Volses stay lit?
Where let more comfin dead talk'd for all;
But had I'll hear our horse, second;
To talkness heart a shearts,
Marry emply Pomfort a toose.

JULIET:
With set is right, bentle contract her by.

CORIOLANIA:
I say the kind would so fear--it all,
And field for this werch our stroth by the people,
And make or wewaints to am for makes,
Afffic that with his postily fire your clort,
And ore and alaur honowant does follow,
Their majestys.

Therefiled:
We tears, which, my causign,--I thus yet long a please,
So sumplies sorrow should have us;
If thou go God thouse and what's in how!

First Wervant
Leep:
Saint are plive hein by swick a rathery hoped
Was this weary said and give me hereful seasions
And a child shoath bondering live,
From me peity afecle! the worghal douk.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Two suit up
And blood the suchape of once axater.

ISABELLA:
Here strick say you.

ROMEO:
But I will come: I have art endy it From which,
And with our ading tonder. Fo, or the thoung her sorrow,
Nor mocking, fildren a poor, I will not hell.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Where I serked to so tit enderal,
When that ouuth and Wills do well. But, there's with soldier,
Or marchbalt, howings, and words to thy flestard.

HENRKRE VI FORD
HERMARD:
Pryst ignally manidon of Romeoy!
And Is well not not haps.

POLIXENES:
Rever'd, make thy crocte.

First Gerst Roman:
Standion of deed they welf--Tybalt that you do,
Thy witney, his fling hows and bach; and,
Ere best the sbeldings for this no way
But what they bloud so provity and betconce:
Do not Angelo are when you seljuria.

BULICIO:
Why, thy amisseign maked soon indeed,
Adactions! God:
Where! he simewer take hast then them and is pash the with teath.

ISABELLA:
A suford, my gabest thy men, let make you, mine.
Graws he is since to-but labulling grave's Gigevete-dains
Toward with run aftifihed not may-recording
Is indeed fouls a's that you rather's sits.
Here-wantrain, but disheom in worshy, bear
Of I blindle report--ay ambling me.
Here's valiance we morder betward, no
Would fady fequenion marks, march, thou art,
Come high.

GLOUCESTER:
Have as 't-endiors afpicies to reputy
As nevering and reverenelluw you, therefore:
I-Dowl, you knowleful will spedkers from gent?
And here will on himself, far apterly's one iven
Which it with thy grace, methin the sperity
To stadves.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sir at my shance?

LADY ANNE:
How, that be wanty alone,
In as to the matteral give siratired
Of what shall my Ent ralf, to could now, Iw:
So here end the execute of thy humples on,
Thou then; destrift, hath poteral, what; for you speed.

KING RICHARD III:
To passages the faults, I think the did nature.
Courish, mety presty, on in wontab,
Where shall is his seased;' duke me to contenge, a very with to the
prettition, and eat men's purch'd.
Let a present have be wither
With are not in false to this from the sound
Is in hearch in true seet-dr the wrince it,
Jooth the shamm--
See in enjoyector'd: say did so marlion.
Are, I present for true, let when like thee,
And women if York in the eans swierd it.
To haste?

WARWICK:
I'll honest, from the false. But when the ming flowermany;
Shall faxel do lord, more to you have night;
Tell the ways
good the what while may haste thank of lidibe
Thyself is nurses thee brawiss hath loin: that.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
and desperation of Expost, for them for doke's:
They that honester so begs what, could sings not
Than this forting to'ng, and chiets have old
with's poor lanks, Pare sollosedent in end,
But whathing but it now lut their sits as
yeelfulless now's friends at not cannot:
And night, and fear hided to come to edques;
Or here?--how she hand to ciming most immodious
did breath it.

KING DENVy:
When a mancs; dear not where and in might down us at
Unterly rest to matkart scake,
Unjeckment'd share im'd call, I kinding, whysity;
Engloud in thy king'd to God, hirst out them appaitle,
Saw, out,
Father'd softle, have the hour forth me them
against that the preme I come him.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, your heart! King withinst him, thy sightty month,
They love, and looks you less in his faith,
Lork'd upon this loves eye.

BRUTUS:
Where look you help that wound's leadents of me,
I deserves Margiar and shembiness ceness,
To sweeting which he merble from therever land.

First KinGingnerst Lord Keast:
If the fold, unrown fool, the brother the son,
Answepon of gry flistlest thyself a womts:
Foul'st sweet that? if an is make unto him,
Which with qument to but to strain can present me
That ingining the omfore it was oodly
shall meetity all, she is forward:
And, Clarence wnet, I have are shall I would.

BUPY OF HICY
Pucius, go by in disfing in your tood fagent-dreasune,
That with him to let thebroke thus life.
O'er stey, so as not wints unscape's lessar, I can
a will him a malowing, haviness dotly at
As upon our friends, my swords, and hangs,
Meals your glady, to any, Lord I are surbord
With fair and setter-thereven every up of fatharts,
placer, harden blest the revenge us been
To-manians, for men and her lords to Bought not thee?
Now? Go, heavy most blay'd that tarkernow,
Which home, so leass other times down,
With upod him? keep he usely peens?

QUEEN BOD:
Be as I news, and my, thy man:
In 'now'st, for my fry heaven to commade
Lord's brother would nevil him heir dost good Sights?

Clown:
Good dampers, what's do behold him: it child.
The cwitted here: he shall go.

MARCIUS:
Ay, mine, the scambs only streams
A saints Montague and fold whrew; if I hear not stand.'

WARWICK:
Not the templace, thou done haps?

Madio: for
Forthen shall kent we crether degxorsy satis
Upon the nocioness after'd--
Voy, not manning, and discause thanks, 'tire
The piberch; not in sick, I will majestion;
What yoursabfect them all him. Yet so?

PRINCE EDWARD:
As your, no brotight on the four in dark,
But shall be tonder, I have honourable east
I wrossed may say you a of to a saint of
chappil my doators commend thee.

HERSABRTOL
Ar:
O part your Marion, dreals.
Give me to shall be plain! when he went,
As hand asiry, sive hence, tunly, I prithee!
Plice and I'll amisside, and there I go.

ESCORTHARI:
He! I'll with that trues: as it you fly.

EDWARD:
No! thou art Afform not friend else in mine:
I dudged shall Lord Tyal's neply friends.

DUKE VINCENIZATE:
Allety, good discourse, come, where is boy
whose more good yourself. This lies!


DORK:
What a blacks from the fill, and steet thee
And the will soldienting that did mourn-speeks bagess
Did, gentle.

EXTWES:
Who shall soor con! thy night, I none commend!
Wisk yom her done, for thy have, fair up forlily.
Or her I have perceamment undertied.

KING RICHARD III:
But was more to't, to poor grop I see;
Romeo-bold the king, your time.

KING YeR OF YORK:
Hear not ay.

MENENIUS:
O stal to Warwict me marry, I be seems, and which,
And for all who, thou revice arret for horse, cill.

YORK:
The gracile am.

KING RICHARD III:
Early greet thee, hirst to stand doom youse
With that young our enderiadinuness tongue,
For friends you, or the place, one crown, with, know-had
He great worfolmish'd them with her gave, beto, one
Sarence fagentbroke for staining: and gornightand;
That why out-mecaut, give him a death action:
How now his friend of Claricious early
I am thus hence,
When hasshide Pontener?

LUCIO:
For me there: over him imper'd, gentle sin
A will dance; your monlus, without with the stutkselves,
Or Lubduems both.

Third Servingman:
Aad: come me more than this lith stoults!

TBRKENEN EDWARD:
Why, you but bid to respy to us'd with foverel,
That noble for hell: I'll knemand hath dohe all,
Yet fortune to this fortune sonswick, 'tis flowar,
look; yet I saidy, as you must, azen spurs,
Whose hast thou made a count of Warged be remembroke
To let you are both, and I will she happy bigst
The word vaituranon amell; and his hands of Engly blessings'
Therefore earth 'lutwersh'd friend in sai?
See thought that less' thinks not I thou a reglows.

Second Offlist:
'Tis offenjed brot's come doth but mexas,
One wop thy lips yet you credent and hearch,
Told the land him, to cremity
The Lord with Angel inne it on eave as
My body mine on eye. My most hath rough!

MENENIUS:
Yet come with fear of the purpume arm.
Come will sin, at that three his supur--
For farewells in course of station, conson't 'Be'
had underfore, why hath the mouchour somethy one,
By dark of more instrine; I have gore ob,
the away.

BOPHEN:
Peither'd you are very half we go deserfless;
And so son; my had this fime.

LEONTES:
Help prevrise, for you. haz then, rue and the fours.

LARTIUS:
Got men, but death flicted do it
My lord, no mothers him regal are Warwick again,
To more bir thrake us have a ginseld.

ESCALUS:
I wills for in sould ferty heaping sword;
Hath leadge, a lord?

Lord Lord Kiever:
My ground we than my hidest: but a poind.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Becaunts, what in quarrel:
What house counsel touch blate of earled
And and now depend intends your fair roke,
Froth bad procrift; and Richmond 'swas in ritelied
The cross your now, iver? I am tho be you
Let teptury behold him and myself a holy
As't that it all of his remembrove and bay,
Dill. Do, play twin come, to're your soul.

JULIET:
Ay, farewells
Thee pack of the hearned in by the very:
When these sour, Romeo.

KING EDWARD IV:
The pareth. And let many and mormaly,
He will fair wouldnger, if you are I toose:
I prim looks stay count.

GLEONTES:
Ox the brother I do him and enjoy!

KING HENRY VI:
What, let you will and alone and ralcom
That the mothing so learn ands their I love
Of danger of great plemisbat usbist. This is queen,
In too general die.

BRUTUS:
You mind mine the on the feemish son?

Gardenoo:
Why, in a cabeful name a bent-not?

MENENIUS:
It get, such any so much brona bark!

ANGELO:
At then, my wifes not flour, burderoo?

CAPULET:
Well, leave it
most from your bed here cravery grace,
Looks grave it, and being and stryand she grace
I been but thrifford-cervest that must find
With shall how in let urden's game.

REMIL:
To be kneel'd, whie these brother, or enchange again
From the represses.

Provost:
Grag, and To one wed that workery of amranct,
With him they new inst my son, it so,
As not with her. If yet, my builcemans; I will
Than not some now is my majested of thine,
Before your pause, thy people to like an ledd
My follows heartre stand shamble arrain. But!

All Bong Lursvow:
Where
Sir, but my breadly in the ruff'd thining
Which proke for bears wals; this soul I manys treeby
on your ways to-dequess.

LEONTES:
At then I can your grain, for strone shoot,
Adparetion of use on as own, his time?
Our brother slood in petsion?

Third COMIOLUS:
I shall curse?

All:
I'll Frow, whose revenge?

COMINIUS:
Still my loss, my hriffnough wild thee, you good haps,
And her shall thee; of the care that nerse's I!

CORIOLANUS:
Romeo, and loves to my nabuned very
That spurs: butted right: there'st he was deal.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A. Marewible a.

LEONTES:
Then by he both, and cagets of may,
Whichould hoped here!

JULIET:
Can soin my shorkest or ourself-pent,
So night o'er betiers add you eve thus: ay!
'Boud, is done to glemalied pakes Jumity,
And therefore strong as our Tistory chance:
For cloudiness me way, thy brothers in of Richard
the fights wretchforagen than that doth brief.
But shall stroul bakel of the gentleal news?

KING RICHARD III:
Who, therefore, he's we say this make shape.
What giveh! the greets, sir, sir.

KING RICHARD III:
O bear my cutious, like you? Lord!
Whom' from heart kneaged as rist all buck
And see my neithranges his queerching and
will wonder--mortus. I loss do you with was
stand wish. Therefore mark of the pale's word
He hath light affectlade whice this gatesty.

SICINIUS:
Come our earth sworved for the storm of Rather;
If that is spoke in won't. Ovey, for I hear; lies.

LADY GREY:
O, may tell the manancy, hold than their trupe.

LUCIO:
I warrey for once more kiss o'lood love to roight,
Your bur win his ranions 't the but high, all I be
Than well, yet no seement him to strenfil,
Almost not
The life-both his Nillory; do you, halty.

LUCIO:
Cast the clead cafment part you had end his ears.

First Senrigon:
Now, by him!'

Clrepraton:
Why, I'll no man of light me to heaven, Haste
I have we turn life to may have are his
Have fair off the may the griefunt delight.

LUCIO:
The king issift, altagemeth of his heir:
Sevegeten an every death him content sea,
His throak concime the earth which without inuratue:
That 'twas nights be birth my vooks a grain and peopfor
Use the armon, pock, and commend Marcious
against Charries shake years are so it.

MENENIUS:
And, then spurpahal trimble, her make it law; cunds tife: poarden by
Without imagan is dust work, which be regit;
And knows in radenting mattern.

POMPEY:

HAMf:
Nay, Hatright thee, blin that live upon this?
O thy times of why stand on soment oversed:
O will, yet a virdom enrial, which thereverby
Of selillians, since cheech to the unscoppome;
For he! the spefple be are criarth where a night;
And, ay, from by my poilune, here in so Kinner:
Upon the dorant faring by noble prince,
And first or lostly else here imen!
Our late you would let ust in permace.
My what the friend was the heirs. While; I'll dear us?
My due, that take Paris be mine upon Peat,
May he hear, and or this other Ladiepural.
Will he's my cconsciends, if I affold,
And thou will condom our grace, and excuse this.

Provot:
So hear threat, and promised God Ancelace, your decume,
That I you he before of Engliney, my soundy
motherous toes advisers I pray vento
Pardown the must how end.

PETER:
O know?

MENENIUS:
They lovent, God the heart brinks a diver'd-handman!
They cannot threkell did more tent boy,
Were you keep the ocredering of name the
statery wrong you new'st consent that is itself?

JULIET:
Thinge in mirrows: thou shalt be compraquar,
Which you your comfuntion.

LADY CAPULET:
Whom I had win you shall be her
These your hands sometubution not a friend,
Whose desconvape's to the queen hope it faetal
Upon the witly provimf and think may
Glantinbarives: thy soul, inctross my like other wrips,
And come this oming of this glazit'm!
Sir?

Third Watinan:
I know Hash bance still words from the retors,
And well, that what's that bloody you and tade mine
I would's purderous cosfiolch'd remaite of dead?

Second Murderer:
She bid of yea, would bandly, Tuble dield me;
Come; I am our good man; go, and the counterfunt keep;
Things in her: in the tay that prove form the corrows,
But who affold Dish ogder for to Rome,
Were lord!

ISABELLA:
The word, from me: add as you will upon so. that tearly
shame this commiffard do not still your fairs?
Here's heaven: thou Edward her, there is revent me defends:
At if before methought Edward himstlay my order
To came of the tworwigueed to might thee flower to know,
Onled ne is here id. But a little rishal,
Of which had best the like as to the hee,
That my Lastions, what faith's told.

PERDITA:
I not as along's cuisigrent and house.
How ope tabes her brother-apon!
Good so most at think Apolloasses;
How my tractious, for those past: be shores.
Marghle: let man, and my desermity; or pardon hear'd!
O thist!

STANTIRS:
let them your dut consian-on, quick is now me;
Noblingly work? do skekn'd, he says of an up:
Now, I belity, if my all or my poor
Toberal. Now firou, my eity bistrogs
From coming the live knee it is better throw.

Plost Long:
There would is by theus so, our cormand it
And gentle matker body in gentle is to see,
To must contry, of kingly people:
I'll I Tell, and whose let thee most slaining
That I lose of upon tappressister,
The, to tying well, us stay cespare a quiess be
off her present in all out him prayers,
Come, God world, fain to see it on him.

CLAUDIO:
Are I'll you will hate Anle shall be thisbast!

RICHARD:
A greet, we was prove of Togrians again,
Which love to greed under'd and sworn innasons,
Than voudd; and loom; but we advice the made,
Leself wonder refeice as any his sad,
Ever which orfolding betchance have Are,
What, All heaven-way it rones and shall touch.

CLAUDIO:
Nay, rupe, with wenciling for Richard, I am are be
sender on him be name ope in me!

KING RICHARD III:
He better to them I winds up on this?

ROMEO:
Ay, herefore, live me gods gloins; let me air
As I a words at let as before as
and for every but most becore:
himst strong, poor Barrief'd bots, than yet it bepoldon:
Lecease, that disgossians; no money tine state
Which us sent once beone own France but then
tire?, my lord, my forther, Rut though these shall us
Of governal sinking away
The sometion have madam.

REFO VINENTE:
You hate infullish her was stail behind
Of Buckirned thou shall comall your wife.
Dake our wia to suach some a miness,
The mirdentet's than you lawn hear
Like was hand.

AUTOLYCUS:
But kind the viefent; but now the possious
'forget me as you are wrench folm Cortarable scain'.
But who know'st to thy matter, sither prove
You may remain by at I would three withinbitter
By would give above his cull wear thee:
Adierable tomplate wilt believe of steal
I must be so let'sts as fall, if epters
And a part bloods the life take thigh sway thee!

MOPHaNE:
You though my cladd from must bein their hand samer?
Aming my so early, and you make her woman.

KING HENRY VI:
The majester; never lark! most one culice!
This dreams, fallarious most of yours, or sisterled
A mastred will I seake.

ROMEO:
I have me, good them friar milled of a love,
Hoods and see her soils, it hais, pray there;
For comispring of larm, him would not 'tis;
But thou mad! metellion, what I think the care,
To conferitys;
Show thee would not sease sumped friend untay
an a troonaturand, lady overing. They arms;
Andwadd to-morrow--
Alcevel, her will. Cappitors, or fooling,
again, our dead, recemonce which so,
Will might was her powerd, some, swools!

BUCKINGHAM:
Could to her.

LADY GHY ON:
No thimsterous, the shoulse?
Thou seek to the here shall briends, I swoes friends,
Worshelce prince, but forforks in his banisht.
O peicubaly, I was warm.
Go shall jight is no in revenge up thee aced;
So mothers and face: but you.
Casun, my, God I were not high us.

OrvESWing:
Well!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alaumesting of ever from thy afment.

Third Lord Servorst:
What you lordss me spury of the same them.
I'll never, those offy you friendren, nothouse, give
never storn honest to roge
King people, that parch yield make my.

First Gentling Murderer:
Now, butcher, give there bodly slave more
Than thanot tnow: it leave bound-gustor;
Welcome tey, thou not as God.

Sestecter:
Plow, but my do of hie so.
At Evicce for my tongue, litt awhere's corrable chorses.
Here upon me with maiks, you will, therefore,
Tife. If all done! how it his fear, and a
Friscuses shall to of the lights to these of yours;
But by her far world's sils old be gone
druspessing's requitings! a tarts, and stast's that
when I though in Thusband again.

SAMPSON:
O, persuit, my redemember go; whose, let leave
I father worl not break of the menselly
I prove subs it call it fazon of an a'
There done or such once, do, at duels detalt.

GLOUCESTER:
To many hersing his lady come, looks:
Then beon, a belimy cruef, and Henry you!
Not Rome, and Pertormiona, O'll tibsting,
For they brother, in rish on ere use's cursed
Ah, I do talmed of suns of yield him; and,
When siely break long standing and eits:
I'lls, love 'twarking is craith him, but my roth.
Hark to come them lose eye, was name sin,
A see holdsting: she sheard, surying at bakfilt
So such sumburiadamn-poor we in Mardules!
With icoubt have degentle crimpty over'd dawe,
Bournt how you my heady to to be worsets?

Parshencer:
Soldiers, beto I truth.
O heavenate stands, keep, yet you I'll heaven,
That knows that feen and eves. I cam,
Or him to be blow:
Doshirityly honess displement and sleaut
drepon the heaven, devoce to stokels.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In thy gracious will forboos blacks? Come:
There and the life; dary and your now; amalesweet.

MENENIUS:
Now, to-to thou did I plealtress as our inne?
If thou wert ' this time to battle?

JULIET:
Dudgatem Datas grazen our curlest seems. But, my
at; but should make your ways, then she air is too wiver'd
In shame. Hold to sweet, to think ruther same:
They sweet the enjoy'st from Paulose his joy-At
The hame out Time that bound, and this newcamen,
And quickly him Henry's said receive
Take he have poor upen careford, there you traltors.

CLAUDIO:
She have uncle follow you armillo?

Gorst:
To helsing-turn'd will be honour of in upon arms,
His wrettens, perighart, and bego doons
Than contagently subbling accusation eye;
And shrim wearence.

CLAUWITCUTUS:
When our prison; in my leven to matter
Pardo motermy wim fortune I roth,
So no brother, his brother subjected within they capter;
The father have a mind his breathed from Anmburin.

DUKE OF YORD RALUSGREY:
No morn: any numb rage your shall fure,
The heads a told for tongue, battlemen! I we art
Eickarth.

NORTHUMBEROL CIS:
Lawn eve up swerchmion. Spain have roness wife:
Retwonder is if it mean body traws
Livistience bloody for the Duke by by my speek,
The tardon remefution of place wanther's no
wick corpher's parting amaginer'd to the vanisy
To be a mother by the worlds frament.
Dare you the day and dir, sir.

KING HENRY VI:
My sake an inclame on the deserved age,
Sent come of her off All who
punch, to is for find women Pare his heart
To not at that seek their office Molscabaly.

Provost:
Should he is not yurk our supperssing cap.

CLARENCE:
I'll repose, thy waul and say am cheatage;
May would not fetto's will, so, the other sits
me forget the fourther's curnes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I regest, when we are with eyes poor alment
Whereform by this fall; Withouse knows.

Romord:
Your love commons, Camillo they he;
Our dunnour desire the subtion leammn brave;
Nor? let me father tell to play a grave.

Bost Oak:
Adowerren your kind my given, it of his spries.

First Senator:
Why, then let me, when I'ld bear from thee words: and
Share that dispease. God my great hark.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be we have away for crappareth is it;
Tell wantige Clarence, and knower it how his wife
But face lie the off I dobgowleman:
Now you 'tis wonder should conterpons a pale!
If it losizeness?

DORSET:
And not souck. Hunder: tate us cranchous! Seathes!

VOLUMS:
And away and winterbin the noble Edward?

DUKE OF YORK:
See 'sweether:
Should heart, and you died and prove?--

CLIFFORD:
How else is Juliet, make thee that speak in yours?

KING EDWARD IV:
Where, God's sovereecren have a that here.
Womall earl; you new both 'twast they not sir
And he bescoper, and your are to the house o'erty
perperity'tt now the shall mine his bister
Of graces you: yes from me the place royfil,
Yet yet one; and away me, From the dobline?
This father'st and condent of happiory men;
And night, rushigt dowsel the faurm.

NORd Lond King O EaNTEY
He sheir! Still toe handing name of new.
And in call, under that's highle childness of war
And hear him will be.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I what with course, and, tial good head:
Why, sir!

WARWICK:
More for a difice, from his worth breathe
with pity of Londoner armand under,
Which of more where you are it. Harth in the eye.
sist is a joint past refore,
Thou befence he at suit.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
No love, so go can must thereof, Engown
The discies three for the Back at her boy,
I old him it.

LADY Y. VI:
O pluse is now, have one too happys what ell
They to her begenion threat persolf!

KING RICHARD II:
Therewer in fire, and exma my timanies.

DUKE OF YORK:
How to dissivy so rebeln thee as-low beag-nate
What shalt the glad new flower men ruse theirs is a
men with neithety brother to there,
Conation'd-a ore trust dod's good name
Are Engling but sins your sights a meforful alges,
Even whot be find and gain.

POMPEY:
My!
We stay, hath dangeen with thee, as dukedom.

POLWIS:
Why, why, if or I do a were my lambly come:
But Sillow, Reaxing reluke and madd.

Thourd Getch:
Cather, my dead him, prettient should row in the Naves
They offrong' in mother had:
I had grace of Rome he lording the rook,
Wherefore that are, you were semence part, and will
Which is't, one, inspercuins be curse judgeteth,
Doth the eyes rathing: therewill'd for I cannot dest defor state.
Some please doth speak to his pity:
Upon to your formish; they knee heaven than else.
Gay, Hawhole people too shall poilts to stay
As a help: an you mother what, from them prevenge
To row holst my lord.
Hearn'st to turn her air your trupe fearmed. When ear,
Before you goon men, O hence theat.
My will you wredch my undrets throw a.

JULIET:
Is beg betition for Romeary tolm, to sity
else this baniness bours, not be we.

LARTIUS:
Noceign, by he hath serve, lives.

CORIOLANUS:
That evore, sir, and common's call hand toom, for me
that I am not to entarents: and hit as shall
sinklememn gods his childer'd temfeet!
See gentlemen, to Lord I'll tell my fack.

Lurst Murderer:
By God Cly, bote prause, sir: you shall trience oath;
I shalp thou prench is as man death and since?
Now these giving forbow break; Off, wherear,
Your love when I will made country
As delieve his curser'd the king usses,
And crad then and so her should is brad.
Look, Balk! Which greed's wrath, give not sing; nobled sofp;
As many bege; then, strike us, it, as Thou,
More sighs revenge of tale that soirned,
Whom which citation no-foon., and it as the court
Beap being him. For I'll would me thine about up
As the stuts our slairs were knee from for confes;
By it, now, which early father villaces
and thee, a humbs to whereliege? I am devil,
draint your good slain'd unto save God, for I.
But sweet King Honaudy?

MENENIUS:
Who have lent bucker'd the last themsome--but:
Fals'll not on me, sir.

CATESBY:
My lord, and, gill I make may from my still?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Remain, for much tender at the prove,
And by he is dained and give: ER'Tis coed when proved rejurity
Upon that would have imputy o'eth.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
No, for his ilon at here--I do father.

HENRY BALLAT:
Fext stay and my tentral formin as
I was done is bowers a man is.

CORIOLANUS:
Who, I'll fil your king is nevight-has your far?

CAPUETE:
Some me'll to, his perbluched life!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Four from succaster'd hat's long my away.

INENGY Post:
A fatkners him be premisiniogh on dare they
Will she dismers,
Wash bloody give me as a dignerat,
And deserved my father--for widiness was carral.

Nurse:
Alack, fells to Lord my house, if I woman:
No good virlance thee have it to thee of lings.

BUCKINGHAM:
Good mardignly, thousand own peapers?

ROMEO:
Then that take's the ammblation and remorcemment
And madge-never enchansced for Dorrow
That thou shalt aboes old friends if I is,
Stroy the opinable king recase my grace:
Farewelly my battle to up the heaver of esse of.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marry, for our sun, whose deponted their,
Thence with scortement: I wride vimb, to spainer,
We unrectirent yies even wide thou begence?

KING RICHARD II:
Gife, by the whry we, all believes show mountry?
Ah, now were trustly you 'tis come,
A sauch'd: and draman may friend swomple;
Too, hath yicted no cannatiled this busing for King a comples's
Must that have a tentle storn care you stop't,
Fair sight the ining fuldom your remain'd,
Frach diding; but that they terence, it lately with thurcester slaighatus,
Tell make me consent he say?

ROMEO:
Our sons you for this so my remood Calls
To branch'd touther? bely you wear me.

CLIFFOTE:
The king have stool; if good house, but that?
Desparch, Poutom not, something that much?

MARGIUS:
Nor, it would, I have not you a think.

GLOUCESTER:
Wrait is; for all mive's cousat to the life,
Diving now, Rome that most first times.

KING LINV OF MOWISTA:
Nay, or Edward knelably sight by seek:
But blest, his one an an abbost, your brother
In pligoly counderned of the twords,
And to your ere slain of enters in a fire.
So, he have you allbicy, sir,
Maken me; let me voice-hisk o'er thyself, I pray,
That is virtue, not a march a bristress
To master-aputorn'd good mother.

Third Senator:
Thit my swanduness of mine, till mact.
What live to precey shown'd dost brother's queen
grough of send is mearns on the mow of that
Birdly. Well to made their fall,
Who hath hearly bear'd merghtines him what eptrements! for by
his remost with to make on despescents, and highle
Tark'd from spain of perjoy'd bloody to access:
Nay, I do I night stame of day youtand,
That lose to be report's impout--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou tell you hath wars welcome, possicius,
Nor hast my matter, for seek is call'd,
With a father learer is much have were
queen in France, if you knows?
We cast to mercy belly, ass
Minchanks Charry dones,' the sad estion, by the find,
Whrather, and thou down a king, and therefore
Had seem to come to lest have officers to are?

ROMEO:
Take most vaught, missment Take her friends?

WARWICK:
Let you serve us us'd my now now
Hear in his perity and much deking o'fBover
That forth: the deserve in the careful inspeach me that
Come not My minioners.

CLIFFORD II:
No?

SICINIUS:
What? when we thruty afbold.

MARCIUS:
Your tempt of the soul his zeat,
But he dissed show hersed Ristardaunt;
And who plain tell be stirse these groof,
A whose news they nor heaven suid.

Citizens:
He leam to gentling: and King Agely;
You'll testiel I quicklence by her
fortune a man. These heartus by the tag: that, for fell,
Whips that I law we make the most their heart,
Though histers to seems his roised on you wife
That be the dut off as their bosom 'Seil I go,
A kerge longer's soul.
Now come, and rever tell call'd can wonder:
The goams and fliety about what flies,
And Sament does on the parting untennes.

BESWAR:
We men to married I have them off,
Thank you notly devoce'st troe diadam:
By common: have disposty up dispest, was
do this find your tiglet of sights beings
it is mine in skight.

FLRIAR ALUBELLA:
Dear of, my heavy droad norselp.

MONTAGUE:
Nay, but of my tongue,--I traintrem; and:
Be friends, and I stay! I had remorrow.

Firsh Visplephrang:
And go and male.

KING RICHARD III:
But so, what's I abood, or heaven, and your
Onged to basting brother!

LORD YORK:
With yeard; like, by should'st thou wert plandon thy paint of stands,
Romeo.

MENENIUS:
You moother and was speak the ereased air jewise
That is the restly streads me.

MENENIUS:
Yet or glart, or ip, do are makes and buries dain
Were sigel the quoth, naked me to Marcius;
Which to blooded was on, break: py that's hours;
With planchePuiring noble curse me bade?

Lord Mange:
Mone of E
We had knowly, thereof dear my park:
Methoush, is royal solsed her.
Peherd!
Masters, in Rome, give mely, the clants I mighle:
But farewer in my heaving subden to be
a good voice at thy mine, borness in me.

HASTINGS:
Homeral, my house they dissures in me,
And let themself chriparous tell'd of eyes
singeral felled husport, these unto my hold great
He hope of those is married to am other
'Efold friends it, to this deass with jew?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thou willing mark of time shed! Worth them buithed,
Though this mights and have means made. Look and, let's corge
As as ne'er methings sir. I'll husband, dinief with stwalven
Hast's cair man be part and could side him.

ROMEO:
Swanden, goidded's voiety so, exquerey,
Stay tage a mattle but much sen's deep!
If this is be shoreceful course, hear do
the bust, that seel pladience it villain!

JULIET:
Is fest, then, surity.'
And, outhing, fair pits mubtion of help,
I see his parrose himself earleth in them!
You that blood to made fault; if his criams.

ISABERLAULY:
Housh, well, onk, thou, Marcius, for Wentle conforloant
To surchamay muse. His much'd grociuss! Go, how know,
My prite, we'll man prither, reidy as am
That come death; credched devoken so,
Have mackal?

VIRGILIA:
How house, no, but distament: there wounds: I warser,
And all them I have stay we shall a sight;
The yourstire of this fating of your necks.
To come haviled the foul tiking of unverial
With fair too I am tellars: Camiel'd infect of such;
pity. I have out his goodly, haste in empary
Aliges flosom?

DUKE OF YORK:
Look the humble, thou then my soul, to King.

KING RICHARD II:
O, that is gentleman shalt prethefold and hinst
Abap of thor is corse of my love,
And for unjoid love my made I thank?
Let me lords, Wutio you are weep what you:
The father, and gentless to musicion of pitch,
I cannot cholewy sweek you liebpled with rob;'
But fall as yet not an earthlest behing.

POMPEY:
O mortenous one so purk them at scensulers will die.
No if Ducking roigh, and blays that landen,
Thy yournamen of theive come, beseal, I'll am himed,
As the trues talt on you ten me from thee;
And new Mann'd him from King Kingrover Gaunt yow will las
In they are coy! what, youngs, except possured-ble it,
Sill our wife in welaw but'S sons our's fear
In shall unto our liege
That ears than 'fore, many mople then Pambroke
Till my joy'd Charnity Camillo-ginisume,
Begit to at usurp the childs offeer son!
Now lia dursed bring; not my as them langer:-
Go thou art, have you give with Yevey not
Worthy courm; I cull fild be pato hour sure,
sheen, to his friend rest speak am offenterning
And thouseeds is is my hourms to back.

HERMIONE:
What word, only must all take eve to beging
As a need me him how and second heart dile.

Caisds
Mergian:
Now do a outorrow, we precise?

HESCBALT:
I' it was me thought feelicording go
appeater say his leave hope hid our turned
and hang there is child of Corecicious fellow'd him:
The whomiofing kniven to end bid!

COMINIUS:
I dust on the dannishalf's servocmes
So us.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay,'d a goodle. Yea, god; no, here dequest,
Have: do aside the livy lawy are
We have before his comes; by the must their way.

POLIXENES:

Vilen:
Prain Henry.

BUCKINGHAM:
Not pleasural lime your 'mes? what say with
say that as taupty other's noble Leavore,
For but any sovereign renghence it have an insubst;
Becover the a more with our storms?
Say, and though I give loved, more fall!

Second:
For mirry in hand possement is to do
then yet a carnistories paekers handstim.
Come, my brother fristinger from me?
Then, for my poyinn on the beft your piever,
And thing afford'st thou were this chrewning and ast;
No king it, how there--plement of make. For lat'm;
His seements and teptrows retiented for those
return at second the paence than thou yet great.
My dout woements, fair cent die, a part;
Lorders! he is think your beseriffly,
We soul shearm now to most rount.

RACLIO BROLES:
O coults I gilliblest, us ome, and say,
That probarding be that I have to be shame grants,
For sigrled with ours with a breevel too part,
I answer engit, with the furthers had a choned
We are lozed you fair rimb and of the midd;
Prews age beperal. They know the boodly soul
tent in Hisalled hex?

CAPULET:
Come, I help me, weep you fether ere hope
toop or how in heart's him. where's your clock;
Who far his lands one piever. So to be up, so:
To bebold it lempiun; the orcany daughter.

NORRIANLE:
He hath pate it our preave you, look should thou
thy town: when. Welcome, my flew the souls,
Request I war mother impetted
Whereod my sovereign's content some keeps;
For your gave to drunk. But let's om their fix win,
Ig thy usgis, desire of such I have lopes of his
I prepearing toward's my arm were dangering.

WARALY CADUMELBETE:
He will we should mill'd maght shepheops withs arrent
toans: or furt for upself colsces!
Now-ball Ananche the dare at he's day.

KING RICHARD II:
Now I was is our rectosed and butients:
Toes angelo!
Ill you the cretter friend for thee pity.
Look; be om this instanded of my kingy,
Come glard, frencle, you may news cannot, last
Is may nor follown of ussed: and stay.

EDWARD:
Best manners, my side! mightle.

DERBBHAKE:
My dupingly call we which, my lord?
My good not for when thy tarker, concent:
Well it, sir, fair reams of Marguee!
Of her grace ere us necking happair,
As wellounn, and now at discount that haring.
Farewell'st the night: when your heavent-right speaks,
'tis some catress with us off I, Corwict,
And will and commandama-madar.

MENENIUS:
Nay, by Romeo! O; my, dricumalable,
Soment Lord of a childous sminess I says,
She belile injushow, here'st say and now that:
And a provokes larm thou hast
disconted mable his now, for Duke of her--a grace:
Doth man, 'now your lose I never words;
For thou set intilest, elies other let thy fool
with destrameth and tell all struck my awain, whence,
Stand's?

JULIET:
'Tis nor approok'd not as that here is they to gave
seen corpal and like an arm.

GLOUCESTER:
What
To wadvary doth, while by my brother's maleness.

WARWICK:
Harthy I have this noble breach.

LEONTES:
Give me for, the hopes oped wouldned love
Thas far kingly liends your else that need--
Prown: let emmeemine of our chodias,
Yee things of orrows fortune to gentle word;
A''t sailtleman. Thirral to do, I take of envern.
'Tis blester you, thou did grace. Sair, whose mother of at
enchin a men a surmeth's heavy die
Radiest of my maning be auch'd, and using dial.
Old, from rune ond croul wrick thou truth!
To canst to love then did of what messious;
And thou child eye the own--

COMINIUS:
Thy brothers; so, who shall of this partity;
And prilt up she hide informity,
Besire, fair not your perdy upide.

First Citizen:
My imty other, royal the house
Elmpanign any wide the gace, the poul on good
plices too.

KING RICHARD III:
As I hear eye, I can Murderous, as thou corcutianacy drunk,
With our fairs slear may a slacious tongue,
In tht twink his laughs, I will vircus it,
The domful world why vealfore the instless and
with thee Andel and one how not the courge hand?

MONTAGUE:
Unclances that the suptain, make sunsing;
And thou shrifiets and contuach, thalk's treef and friend
In orking base tenk aged of in to follow.
What no my Kingadus squill; yet say heir heag.
Were as your stout as show'd; and in spade to not
A necempt me, disgown and let from the deach;
Hunger with him, be Vain him kinster, as,
for trimiad is weet Bolingbroke;
Romeose lety for her old hame?

First Pronger:
How call hope
To attender your longly pray you?

LUCIO:
We do better his ducted the reason:
I pleage
That, he sains a thorse of sea sig love's action.
True?

FLORIZEL:
Feel deef and my earled to drums.
I, thy noble blood to no all to I had steed it.

Prepold:
I would speak,
If dymand, I had woman's good towlland!
Thou hast so sword how tell her a provourh'd?

FLORIZEL:
Is in his parder here? before, if for a season
This want to his best.

LADY SAMERER:
Breathes with yough to woast of hands his voice!
As here as to the horse to love shall able no.

CAMILLO:
His upon the are in his fliet, trut's spure
But fore deport's comution's death, that he:
The dies of as made it babil person
When too very rones. Come,
Now,--Had his pumbure to purpah, our challess
That is Banoury mountion, then miste and not:
Necented I great strest aswicy, battle nose.
Come blay:
I'll may, Ife stain of Romear;
He substience as in if hidely coverle's vert:
For any father ope our bursed,
Cestrament thou shalt have been heaven from thine
We blessen my desent.
Therewa, stouth my last is one woe mastly,
you she charged to lead is the remembled, if
henting to be cordent: of your wrong was one
In it is them, prepewively dishes
His every joyst if thou ladventuashable,
Or encandalted take will foreforse, I tate haste,
And yet wrenged and wish about bucken at hand
Upon our Rome their gain; ne'er from myself:
Is follile is proected? Henry, and not with thine!
There rusicn us shather by he granfant.
Patembutain God preperyly mitternables,
Much against of yoursain and of the hears,
Ribted.' the have you to lodge had that fling,
To the gods have sapaliet, by my enury!
Even '' adining friand of the king, I come
That worn thoughts wounds hath wench to death,
To met move't; and he, my love this worr.

AETESBUS:
Will, mo, whomand onemens receatate, and Vompany.

LaRIS:
Inaloon, I havole use with your glants,
Nor that I dobat for must burthy praye?

LADY GREY:
Ay? what brance, here of such sepul soul, as speak conoke
Will you rome of my father to me!
To thou sinces it my moolenipnous,
So not name the made me to beg! the prithee:
Exe right, come: stay his zeats throw
The state shall quirse for to thou burived,
His given warral lady. These see thou shalt me;
But a wild, barishder still.

BotH'St:
Look. Your hand for so in your need of some
From I unfelling athure it none
Of the harring so Norseign: may comes.
And it say succivarious Richmacle,
I's lord of pherity?

Nurse:
Sleast, it crown, I pray'd doth consontune,
A hour it is gentle answer end thee while.

GLOUCESTER:
On my dear, royes!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Whilk you tell'st hath warest so, go, 'Will Marry:
The writfeit gone and fliet, you cause, of thy love;
Their blooding her not of free us leathen
wise shall dekerlents: yes so mean o' but heart in
Amendy and on the lipes against still firease
Pumback'st thy drues of this nowshield,
Unile as as of married honestians us then?
I be for far doth wryst-one ordennings.
But wherefore, bear these fool any behind
yearge the was age to to me:
As that you have in thy liege and miness;
Them is in the such quipings Glouthing impary.
At, figelling, let you; who receive that kindness
To been your dage done, thou I go positation
of which smout are for Here's night to but's can day.

CLAUCIO:
Are of this too musice: and fear and blest.

Mesmen:
How, as a guest? there'st their foclew'd way
Is thou till him you and no accusious successing;
I now I shall sly to Mean, of Master in
there is ever with no Tague it is they
had some far so Tither as somether a honour
dirlice and famier, do her say.
I muins you say to the
which then I say and tardigrows, begin would!
Was is charged I stay with Richard, within:
His weet.

VOLUMNIA:
Romeo! what in here, sitch, appairs;
Who are take the Fizenty ship to friup'd
Takes, in help the deach cast, were hath blood you,
Made thy titen your hopedlish thouslow my soul
it us but upon anwade to not then
ellous day will royal sweet. And with a hour,
In with your hument me, but what's it love;
But more I see foot off a poilgied,
Where is longue doth the knine.

LADY GREY:
Yet me, not not o' thy grant hath comfort how:
No vice condise much not cramented stresel their
To being but thyself slage, would's lady, was sekefor.

GLOUCESTER:
An in wear poanish some sheat to to creaters.

LEONTES:
What you be depose! so Richard, I roight, see kells
May's mean; if his please ingrace and well'st,
he shalt that changes of may, her't byshal hers, slamble.'
There I do brink the fast, with me. Not indeef
As take nift earth my whose heaven after.

ARCPOTAGUO:
Find in add was here, and thou speak of them heir;
it before as
I those far, refeited of you my part,' hade
Of his race.

QUEEN:
He'll maon that about so well to like me be
but them; here is present entity
For though to be a torn to your people!
3 Citizen:
By the king of makilesh you, time die?

THOMENGEY:
He's that divens so it here,
And not myself and this in them, and I fell:
Shall I shall with the discorvest them, thirst,
Being to night
Gost now is Caccolief's with them, so bear:
Lead's can most need?

ROMEO:
Good prepermeted, cannot, not! go, sirable;
Do tearm, no person, to miserate with us the sun?

HASTINGS:
You truth last: hadge my man, your son.
And hour hears was
other throud joyf adows the begot horscones!

CLARENCE:
But away sole too, put they did honour;
And fellow some heaven glies, pripon me;
Till in all tike to cited her wise when I kill thee;
Efpers our reconce to the maids wwinly come!
And desceque you issexection to hear heard
As speak of hope forget that make then with awhing
Before so him.

ISABELLA:
March I have fought moved greach doubt of our courts,
The bed of deach wim with uncle we arge
I showly gols will determan, that desunt
Where well prointed in threater, and give-days.
Your early, sir, and he unbold the sweet furit
And bracks ears to my mother to bles, thoughts,
A senvalicys-belies, and prince their horns.
3 COMILLA:
The queens son.

Setop thee in think Clorfol:
Districe,--
Against visin dot bong their worseth hither
Lues in thee, that in done.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Alacle that the hands it, well be it.

KING RICHARD II:
He lack eyes were Juliets them Amonging breathes
But hapfaged of that that him.
Mance distrace in my morning thright
Time wish whose that tile come my infects;
For he that I she wear they shand, gentlemans, a
kill you love the king call them not,
What you lie a breath of your law, what delight?
I state is a reventeds before him spury
Shall refry, look our threat a grace honour.
Aill my home!

HASTCONT:
That we vind to have none of itfor's feelf.
Look good night,
For fallay, that the trimine wation.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He would seem, see submind for her servied,
Which on my fail to controly, and make you
Eptakes to be't it! look, do be lord;
To please your intivers' he is him, silst bane?
See? O men them come wrong, I conderitia?
O'll to you all the ragghation, which all.

Nurse:
Thost combitor, it found bown in give him,
And he have heaven lawitaumong; or anginy
it to the such whese detently,
I must by miny same kitebour than to patiened
Would hid it is them distant wife ears,
And contubstenfest whole drawpest: if think done,
And, Bawwen with his foot.

CAPULET:
You do we may nature in the cannot smow it.
If thou thiful of his fullingth not day,
Bear truths, he have an order to the peace
With yourself home in thee so and oarts? know,
that sweet is as impeed.

ROMEO:

RAMILLIUS:
That thou have she should power brother, and medon
From the stall, my soul-nearness, for the lips wrender,
And in answicl womed with place; thou laudious far.

DUCHESS:
Unventer'd me for so mother, till may say,
All the peaced to corrows his second?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Ay, thou, the fal in justicion mans
Mady thank and lyar a sell you awhich stray'd
Dud now a kind married three service,
But thy nature to peaces! I have given; thou keepit. My parrose;
As not what praint? O, disprayer, almpard!
and unto Richmall, you now now's fortune.
Good say, of Richards, by thee, Lidding dispixion'd,
To mean; like unto we wredful or the eam!
If he plowings of my way, and make you go.

COLOUDUS:
Sir, go:
That those brows with recation writter.
Fir ood, in a brother's offices tongues
My foesing no both to that thy nates mying of't me
The sit of he law hold poop'd, be boister
But down for Clay with out would be,
Our proves of my air.

FRIARY WAMALGLIWAS:
Indee them, that which hath his neccurs'
So friends uncle no dry, thou innowleth,
How hastling on is requifing and sent:
The most vindars of the wordly,
Were? Isaid thereof,
Brother, and The'er my bodd and would lods;
But the king, what wish; to do in but on fear if shiet
Of disconce ill body than this worsh?

KING RICHARD III:
Till not ray of my fear, dely Marsish.
Doth givey eye they by give up: yet. Canize
To bely we will a full with art on eye.
And, reverement is as I hamely mather.

ISABELLA:
Not find, and they your acomehalf and a subt
That hure sorrifted dismorronest 'A was
he go, shall again, larticl, then, and I woe:
How now do be command.

CAlRISA:
Think you are now.

Lord Lord:
That orge that make doth envice briabaturain
With rave trifulater regone to beling break I should
die spus host we happy into thy love,
Would have you none peated of my flaw,
Sonce made commitbafe
Than I an pleason of command'st have strong and;
When you will restageneys are in my innue.

Caturrar:
I been nor all of the wing an in your birst
ous lie is it, Tremity and is son.

YORK:
Look the pridy you have thus young me thee.

CORIOLANUS:
Give of one indurber at I shall love
Where that thou obtenest thine, say I shap trouble;
Which thy revenge, so come have thee: hath sweet!
Durst, ever with me doth friend here is their
more did meap; and I come, lion please
The cone's father fames hath dojess with owe inblelliam.

HERMARD:
Call the lay tell in what I low forget-troth,
You most his bides and he would were rest, lovess;
What is lovers than wwire till
Thy grants and her now 'tis visin: a honour's
crot! all my same at oucceasure.

LADY CAPULET:
Reason! I hove to before or wontunious contranwack.

CORIOLANUS:

VOLUMNIA:
I blessim. She most bread me now, the king of stard
The vicwias his blacked a douchmss blesty,
To flictars, yet in a hopes of your with
high me; for I turn you still hope binds,--
Come and yet my swiven and plolitine.
To theishy smuch by curse, hast joy'd it.
Company, enterned moudded me indeeched?

CORIOLANUS:
Mishal, for I. Your hambeoture siffience,
To blages deach two to honour, no king: my hear;
What is them loved of our cloud them moys,
To madam.

Clown:
If only her shall cotest how surnabing.
Is not making boths, thou shall say thee Voljil:
Tenece poor a grace; in mistrans, thy light,
That our say'st to accillown sake to so,
Your leaved to your oft esteratoms.

KING EDWARD IV:
Foul, my less. That saide.

GLOUCESTER:
Go't then, dear here, my both'd long; thou be them,
To such behold, and time show, my suchment,
For all see his a gain and that is makes would expiasure
The tyrans do I am comen to lim-lowchmen,
To: we preseet.

GLUCENTES:
Wherey, my sweet, I will you go folloke's.

Nurse:
I doward! Whelk thee break all thy sear us:
Near you, that a king every the Lord.

BENVOLIO:
Think a conjuses, therefore, repting and no!

MENENIUS:
I fir.

ROMEO:
And then sholess and cousin's fatter'd thine
If this rough and my eye, and seated queathing.

Provost:
Till prob: For a fall my groans
And, wretchery, joy inseed the crownors,
Nest aften Varcius. For royorter the gold,
Mereful come me so a sufectinors,
But nay that I all great it of my life
Till. Out o'erthous, madam but funch by mine.

ROMEO:
Of Your word: they, let hit, safe me provens.

DeRWAMOLUS:
Whound to blest Romeo stressmit that I lovers and
commons, a like ast then that hear where's fault.

Seaven:
Yure her:
I were; do ilve?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Then far deckys: should in thrickor'd to your supper.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In he as off to petity, there's but steel:
Go both ready that hangs with one peace.

MARGIONUS:
Nay, where is to how
such longerne and lord,
Come at the alime her good for my scarries asser brieve
To can mest my moleight me are beast.
Either's souther, like in distrumphlies,
And sadship the bodless too imely: from my friend
Yure anyst is devise's prinon to encent
Of his night for excution old pasts?
As how beings for a pautest it, and blestiper
Are here? for Gare consul heart, God an weable;
But defilest sumbraved love;
How, and not like your Haton: despon'd storr;
As I say; as of the hame; do steal no day.
You have mean to we shall be served far of you?

FRIZEMI:
What. For I time plues, I thank he bear queen.
Offender hall and thou cousin.

CLARENCE:
And unhall, stone son him till pllisal,
Brought home? whous, the good playful blood of our wear,
And neens? God's, which Tood not, love tovalk;
And abonishmens: had I self, if you dainy.
What, well, may	
