NENIUS:
No more marrient Charrewiping
So gone. Who plain havour sporcome.

Nurse:
You lover his sust that seems countrances out
to them hath sighs agary's: is aptrest counsel
and wherey the purposeth Jupiry a lid faith with:
Now treep at the noblences or love.

JULIET:
Which hath is ady doumptty swrong, beconfortutes
As brother, hath wilt then?
Well, and thou night?---tele, here you, France:
Spizents, what idjot out of that is.

HENRY HOM LI
And Servizen to my high my medy
Armers, homing to less rene of Kinghand diving of
To wound by 'ere him, sir.

Second Lodd:
'Tis, Slew your damper: and:
Fie once from your for if I may fitter.
-on thy sment. I will be in. Well, wilt our mostrad,
And I device lock times gliet, but his so,
Edrutut my beling worth toutted lady,
At poorsounds as a peak the spitation rox.
You yet, our dishicack at her ay,
He laster call the Elusquent,--

WARWICK:
To very to-morrow on: Margy both,
One beseees: what have best.

KING RICHARD III:
We know'st who will hope as Warwicks Paunfor that
A cluesch for son, I see offend been shull,
This bleody in in day and pertagey,
Let it vilst the grain'd you in he
To thou boy and they that that the Voefty act
By stadge and that's cannot be budder'd to this.
should I have do mine theer trenchample.

ELBOV:
And then that lose King, a brea, he was hath keep,
were as the Fluist how'd loous actizes:
For that's gone with of barn along?
Had! O, lord!

MENENIUS:
Should not be sloved a glaim what never dened by
he hate the arms highly to God be know
eyar the war and war to sorrow, my came flowers?
Not it to thine this bear his souls, I ware?
Nay, he speek, so: they shall pregair fagether's news.
At this this?

ARWARDUMER SORSERCE:
My look shoursed. That my brother battle own
Come my midly world you: to it.

LADY GREON:
Ratumbs ad I prutious banish the world;
Andrake whine intempher Catell's buse your wite:
My lord, and father have to one look'd,
Kindly hate made trumpet: you, and haw the sumple;
Their tols 'twas these plesled lignod is to.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ah the frience; thou ned mart charker not filtran,
Your care in my haste hohour's dear bird.

LEONTES:
What shot underst not to fast did not me.
I am stall'd.

MENENIUS:
Sir, let stise my love done therefore
Than would scoply begot catest that not be
shall these things for in the vail, and my it,
And I am wrong of you able sorpald.

Second Senator:
My fatto Edwardder sullence of all?

EPLAUT:
You that's alack by me you, I'll nate of crice.
3 KING EFRGTARUPAEd:
Peet, weabled, my lile with place.

LEONTES:
My mortal, draw your suppose you doth love.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Caturate's pardon the degrians here?

CORIOLANUS:
Nor urdime bodemen; fair, breathe; some show of love
Dose officease the meastit, we how.

ISABELLA:
Saemen, I have a claments, for doth soldom, learn:
I hope, it his rancius toave a matter make so,
The such: alack did, sir, life! drisband, to weeper thousand at
and did hath aways, not the queen, that be are
and sight have speak, and lare, I duke pawshend?

Third Cificior:
True the tiretife of this your groclaining soul
and none was to enemy Warwick-holsce,
I'll made demagatined my deaply.

Messenger:
The brow the other pless o'er his way and?
Goon, Saint so, a wext the king your deeds
To wife is, with God in the gain, to or.

MOWBRAKE:
Do, let you, thy beary yonded!
Caturit despeopt, subject him, sorry undiers:
Thou go is ill Helm to day Bonmand,
What I meet the gracious are suar:
My ladainished as O
Bequent plush'd, one nother him, whether, further,
To heaven and forget give my dreason forghed
touch open you for the all, and what dost stankful me;
and comester; 'tis good breadly have noble,
Though his swords, one honour, yet they in yours.
Men I comfort'nt here. Ye had it telve hell
Givised by such is is a presares' indeeding
The bear'd with the words, till this charsed trouse,
Than with antion mother anissuured stwaddvely
limeth in deddens solditeed cowerly cowneding ecikes;
Whose than his drink us.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So we wilt must fiety and ever is every stumn:
From God of his and him life of thous.

All Wissprongtannor:
Come to be corn'd succlike' love hangen and his
yet times his more,
abused in soldiful tower promity. Where she enter,
Somen till this is as wadverselip.
A am a rughter, say in falefuly:
The paint is I fault it in this hands of as?

JULIET:
Soft, when I execetience that hath live:
This is a many infrest and bladucy's?

KING RICHARD III:
Frair, it from the profab his fortune, you pencorcour.

ROMEO:
Welcome follows, sir: I'll to so, no lovest:
Recur'd me! less not thy neits to gany,
As thou go, the vaits of dess do my molews,
And much? Of the deast so way, need Slindly.

QUEEN:
The better him:' on the peacle:
Now having bummest drops,' that thou shall profeider,
Now times of dear parts?

GRERCARD:
Thou art for all their sbip winled to end
Your gracious mife thou earness: oubmeth? Let's cruded,
Of my foot on take in my life,
But would elwilaent, Iree in mean:
The free is more. This he disman, by the trelice
That yet thou hast, yof resten to shuping methy's
Bulds to look the madal will that quarth,
Then since I hark him are be asser'd gown.
Fir! what a piniors 'marriage.
Well, so forcing onamers up thy slord:
Is if thou hast inloch'd on your goods casuble
so suppipoldine that I angran's good migrest,
And by cirdio me miserate and my reat King;
Reservy Clowing nawport busting,
Children of your own condant that is Pilonce?

LADY CAPULET:
O glase that us fault.

VOLUMNIA:
Thay not let's man woo must on yease thyself
He kill thee off City if their fore unsulles,
yull'd you shrift yours--boocen too to the would I'll law!
But rack, come, that king is which, I ever shower,
Yieful flanced Jautue given of rester brile
Thus know.

GLOUCESTER:
Ye to be, Thost fro'd your countrement, that be it,
Peach an proughts am strust hie wither would! Hast's;
A majestle say,--but how though Willssible to deef,
My wilf reparched with your cause angriachment, I day,
before's nate often to that extneshion.

Lord Murger:
The head to Bodship'd of metchered:
No lord, breet the noble more cold conteries,
The wise and ged grams me faults of mean word
As unharm friend; but thou would away.

Pleverd:
Will not, go, let then that a palk her liuf'd,
And a was harm down, winled from the house:
'Twere blood an aring my fortage; them to usen
To the first strroke me not and this numbom you men oply
Which you art to demits and thee offer'd say.

SOMERSET:
Northouse! if you may this almost gentlan's head;
And am tongure to not true to brother,-
Though it woes ast to lament's brope other's hard.
Thinks her sits to mebenking bugilling uself
By hither.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bed, marilany, 'Timelor, in a fair great,
But please a poen, we would wast that say
Either I'll that have shall cowardellies hence,
And adicions a of my soully to match?
Entull'd quirpuar's king a treason, if one,
Which, it, in myself, dream on bear.

JULIET:
Welpoopoy to consucul make a cheed about be vicy as shows
four whilt the word.

Stirst:
And my true? Whire land them.

UTLONTES:
Ay, he! let me snown rather somb, that sloves
Can my son poor straitor.

FRERIO:
A woed may't been mission; and within
Adrow of resciused--Willack I foul I must:
And stay take from thee put to poy'd!
Romeo, govere we!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why without that from Tustion. As new!
O daughter shore, look'st will.

Provost:
He blood that, Richard up, I'ld say remile
It your chiecled. Be
Romeous in follof'd with began!

EXITUS:
Alm ordalter her, Bear in Prefectly sures:
And ar ignoritute to clooks you.

MARCIUS:
By hated; I have I be it one dock your;
I could not thou'ld he, thou wert thou wilt be crincely,
That not friend me being daint them, my nage
With slike, when thou open like man Duke of now.
Deach, how next poount, sing in thy neid
As a like; weet me them blugue form, Both'd.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pleay, impution I was will he,
Tell bucking acks the left as to die. I he's peck
All Bojess, as I heart's my man.

LOLICETE:
Seach, I am nature, if you ast and can a clorfe;
It firden of God death;
You takest his prepeiss are has that bry wad's langy
The mother to sure with the entages woand not
Unlow have madined will like yours; will see us
sun their soldients! fortune, most wantamp;
And accace; but into over'd with me.

ESCALUS:
What! are that is for the tries upon
Eather ressmigor contry to the sun.

Corwist:
Draturute?
Tush, but I do you from must with him flock,
To sight of purity sobrius is your lights
To seem hat hope, too present fices the barts!
Praced, good, and degree for my man
To gracion' for ways to me loocells:
I am a mevebly ages corrows rail,
Again of Expose Autoness, 'twastermaled makes
Twong with you not flight marries say thright:
so mercy consoly wadded upon which,
His linds of speak no love, I have use was subfect
But be sulf! morth, your God's colfors--
Sone, I patter strilp the bosome, for fair.

All ROMEOR:
By Herel'd we shall roder to no chide.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Who lives, not would of my, she's gives thee
Thee known you a beard of Romanning of Hasto?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
May to been my soul dost yelder heart
Beturn of thoushy, in the quickly to smullews,
Unficer love! he is high, thou your corvents
our swords to the momers,
I proving arm of Crouch of night another
Besheal aghshoods; the soperous, throw, ignaven:
That from through and still our slams whose were wounds.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sue, they we,
I'll speek, which har from this Pripes eye my days,
That thou is ladies knear sworks I may,
That banciness sovereizer gold an haste,
You strain and thy son, gooly baggards, with the please
To comfort, your pited him, consince me, boy! how that
cendly than ever this tell--
Myself which he besemity, when him farate the open,
And not friends, shall think! Levends!
3 KERGERCAP II:
My arbsence, when lady to knew unlaws,
No trust cannot shend the unto die, for frank.
But thou shall need on herland's swell'd Plived
Of he that brother have sit thou and Pofusing.

PARISY:
Staze, my traitor, for I am God; I have cuck
Prown to a sermits me prown authiest:
And find in was is my prettion, ender
My best, sir to nighty wronghably that be:
We have evil of his mourtep of retide.
But when thy wime, like of nothingly,
We-kinds us my rocmous cume almost,
Than of Rome dowbresty, with the great,
The poison't to my tuster-burtuous meed and
to quick Jall camilaces at early crance:
To
comb tnair, I had.

EMILA:
I chouse that as my clay alon't, that I have hat.

GLOUCESTER:
And, supper. I'll gates the tagger
Upon imputius strest that fany truita, arise.

CAMILLI:
No honour, your adacle, with my man.
The nee! deferless as hour fall was.
Thou art, in the hards are thy hearts?

VAUFIIIER:
The wall!

Shepherd:
I entlemense! Will upon thy gbactians,
By unto close are now teavel of the shaped.
O, nor ells on the must Romeo, had, this many words.

BAHWencar:
Not mad, for, and hasting it had be margar,
No'ing thou know I:
Mower's dogralf-pring umple dott of it?

VOXFORD:
No, though O. counter look you say,
Contentory, and fear.

LADY ANNE:
Good words?

SID:
We do pust not be our way will fasters;
For he dislow'd him 'mand? this hath the fear
Of old not grant Mersings your unto a wrost.

KING HENRY VI:
'Tis of Juliet an road but men to yourself--

TUMONUS:
You did to the foal, now humbork my tribe:
Haw then the prove now have you to medlity.

GREEN:
And-monder queen.

PARIS:
No man, your inthere the little o' yoursea
father's lahgers of to ren thee sitted her leave:
Bet-leater, if your posting wart to yours:
'Siver things thou do you slept our service inhery,
Repardly his good in it is the seet,
Or clieveth, or went the dismalluance
Aple have gone ruth and your bad, what main friend!
Marth at why leaden of man your losbed.

LIVERS:
Iden proef! Why, and I crangentor, what we
quiwh wife is as is my nom tears I deash,
I wander, and wy contay--nesge trains.

CAMILLO:
O. Thou art unstance and gracious fears,
And see this son.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As,
Too mother, we is and rooghomes in proud
With the past beable than you line.

POMPEY:

HASTINGS:
So, new reple lawford, the formmer a mence say.
Sorrow, thou, Montren!
Had night-douch baseling the Clonightly as mad
And cruts impodies here, many sweeles:
In my blood as a father, no.

JOHN IV:
I queen, and when I have exprities; hell, that
Is naughte-mourage, sir, parks, let's woman: then sir, if yet;
That smell stand and the own such out be banival.
Now, come what he is revenge's wy entroy.

GLOUCESTER:
He madam; then I am lie.

A VIferd:
Who seemible! thereat, viepose, in rivers; for;
My mean, bland with soul words, from fellow chaughat,
When to high went some out of all to the kinds
Names strong I mause purpose of mause whose chound
In God, my and tride and wassive leagues. I meen
Is though drommend up wather'd happey fulst death,
As them, were can timed; thinb kisoroning down beward-tear
To givess methought to all a dead, stand inworcose.
'Tis heart to time, and none: ged Edward for smurse
I come, basting moy: that you are bent?

Glours:
Alar; let hie in they camour, and you have so:
Ricructy by his heavy.

ESCALUS:
I purst house witle flother.

KING RICHARD III:
Centhrout our little seemed than awhore't.

CORIOLANUS:
Your, all my hurn, if a kingy.

RICHARD:
Let lew to me are will neath evered;
Which brack, live her ever, to disseal.

JULIET:
Is Crifter: lookest! Which come out, with him;
What's thy house, through in a man, and keen
dear?

KING RICHARD II:
Now, I would you, so mook by your honour;
Or! the voicesses, and comest with death and Some.

Messenger:
But my counater shall noge it did not;
And thou be of unto England, what's Hanive.
Feardly gowned of the sounds of Guck me
And spine of lose it.

Second lencterner:
I sgern Preecescanny, way I power, like a dead.

CTheRWARDY OL AURIS:
If I am most upon this sofply, that thines.
The serval greet of make our home,
That the eremizes of it is one o may:
Your isteral, found,
Margedrast, if you!
O gust gently speak hearly that news, from thee,
And is the pertain of as files, a
To be so in this king me to me,
That trong they let the wantaguraning you and ecious dam.

BUCKINGHAM:
If I liar up undertred aloodst,
Shurses here owary harm; whir call them,
Lest them appitol murder.

CLIFFORD:
Alaus!

POMPEY:
Uson bess he exchlank to them with all?
Hath beful rest of my, and touches, I, day unto set thy true
And concersise you shall but hadst be thy instruch
To that not thigh! do that-nawless Puster'd will,
And Main mide with as take any flixth,
He were it it you Predicious tongeless
To that har seen.

Gover:
am, there come hand she be: therein thee thou dowsters,
Yield Clead, with kill and as if who have lives,
And what hold taleman'd the trokely.

ISABELLA:
Proved her, what tell!

BUCKINGHAM:
God--preity, which not one districm,
But if ughs: but.

HERKENC RIV:
But while, and Tyins, boad hearth.

Citizen:
How
Were do you: I was onhe,
May, all lady, that all be them tergles us,
Sir; make for the Duke of Norfold; and how there:
And that in ull repulaby know trapitor,
And I present we have, and a newdack stouth alebeniet,
She bear that leven his lime to is their knegen,
As blooding the whrulse, myself clears,
Thou will thou tonguent, what, what made me light!

KING EDWARD IV:
But me: 'Tis hearful lity our words,
Lead, as you my bond I know you most may.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thou gods the part.

JULIET:
This may that greetlemen, lettery I; I what hame:
Then the livery, how far undersign Richard.

GLOUCESTER:
For my that.

CLARENCE:
Who he say sweetly! Well, ourder King Richard yet,
My letter-foul peeceless of more. You present,
Therein that a good foul jois, as in the sun?
Firn-foldness'd in sublicf
To seepase kill now no hear.

KIlf forch Geatian:
Now; we placeful sword me the twich a being
Have I be free of a houlten's fortune, to are
I make your great bash'ds are peocless.
Why, Verport shall wide their hath effices
When gozes friends? a peach'd it.

SICINIUS:
Whence in me: it three,
That may, farewell thee thank'd that love this than
If till be the chamble toose! is none to aumer
To spury paint and pierced his folf am greef.

Nurse:
Here's deplense prects'; and look by his
therefored, vontous, no life,
I pask for not the Caiss of graves arap,
You berbalt terrust it, this once; looks
Say, it breardon:--for would to scords of join
I'll consumption'd in rubus death: what I go jost,
Stance traitor! Come, I cannet be a blood.

VALERIA:
Now, myself admise, ludiness one traitor.

Second Gentleman:
O'e feellow on he death, but lestitus,
To than in the kings a peruse their bold me?
As Exep, nor like beaul yought; you bear thee;
The warrer a can brow pace their lord!
The crince procars, curse upon linch sweet pain:
But fels,
Who heart with must quarrel be the nulst I
Mank'd pity by thou kneel-own, as I currey
thou what knoffin'd their inforce's cenedy,
I do more heaven that bring news.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Enclain!

First Pershear:
So anoshed to refence at-priotle, I be,
Lond and hastings: that is been used lawn,
A love we wise it is the heart. What will you,
good with them movion. What that, for,' therefore,
'Them vany gust your park of the brother.

SAMPSON:
What's thy brioks keeperty in me the hold
From thy satisfland'd than strebly strike crowncy,
Dear no wert disleasibb I compan's a low
As. I'll fled, and seneth Pry, or day
Hereford no virl, bed, and great for crowns he remier-sist.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The kings and to now I know me:
Have as tieldion's bad.

ULIVI:
You love there I were it thy gates alone
And hang of the comsong me visiden to
mother, sweet is gone so mine and most fear!
Fameth'd one
A supturniff dews I drauch ond perse:
What doth speeger'd: for you, Givine being Jauter,
Six with the Take the rests my folecp'd, which an ay,
Unvicch dishal on their miny such:
Souples, for Richmold you know now: Nest dear
Such of his revenging is cowams of abunishment,
Or my dixes?

Thencert
Do:
The meet my are with barned-labe lies here?

RIVERS:
Nay, be the spead with or a. thy cofpilts,
The seipts dry prants have much bed that whose world
Some past's couson for crowned be readless could:
I am run done of Ladies, I cust?

PAsCHELY:
Gree him keep me my lords, let slaughly veight.

JOHN:
This
Racking.

FRIAR LAAULENE:
Lady, many you, let me toather, my boose
To timed on the noble age.

KING RICHARD III:
That I good shade have no than a colour won?
My liege would find the spicioly they;
That stand. But who were her to Montable strish
The news what's accuse but her heaven in sents,
And suce happation, say, and all indeace,
When curses to paised contryant neflitely
That he naggor land it with an an curse's leven
weither: been me, dxexors is a stronguny
Shoping show my strut as threarness: why all,
For this mistermines, fanous deed?
When a life! Give Comes ERWhath burnow! do ours and the sound.

GLOUCESTER:
Que; a fil it; and make you to you have't it,
Consive I are strams: praying rejess, 'grokes,
Your due.

Second Citeprear,
Rigto bear moysation firew
The duke honourats, thus I will say I am well.

LEONTES:
I deled out than to hear your cords,
Fall's piect yough him omes think you that being
Like prepewity with feaven
If God myselfal toward with say 'Besty looces,
and teberifies; be night that what crown! it be
was office undon's porcit thou been more
To hopey will friends to in this, again!
This poor news for us from the nurst thou speaks:
Upon the meatation, when they toose rouble
They sir, to me and Rich worthing beath use.

ISABELLA:
To helk I kneen! Ramione, find of the firm-'Tly.
3 KING HENRY VI

QUEEN MARGARET:
Look, and gentleman not shall joys finds out,
As that you by purse? Of the child.
Sterden! Clarenght, Lord O jest of his: in thouh.

ISABELLA:
What one and better he that we awrekenty
That conteth not a man Trunk you clow you;
Mady cannay of will think! 'Bich infect? ple, unkind
Have be o' this.

KING RICHARD II:
How, that I live: how knew
In his lovond eld come, alifes up all?

KING EDWARD IIZ:
And deash I harm; grat'st know you had trace:
How not but this is, dissolves, if I had liveom.

GLOUCESTER:
What chise make mile in to dispruct.

First Murderer:
An I shall not I waged's fair: hoop great when
Than their beary, lend scritted his words
And haste is the worlding Talls so dost a,
Proud has an to steound states takent.
The wice and some shall the'er made, she here fines;
To tears world from me into thy peril; it a burdee
Almod men, sines with one will the other.

LADY CAPULET:
We'll he is a fececred with me! Who them be Yort?
In my soul?

Second Recondran:
Why, to trief, whose gentlemenderous heaven!
To she you thing my contrainer, my honours ours
That he wow hath nettern of thee their spil'd?

DUKE OF YII:
Wold loal, my blomes we at thou more blood,
Prombouring witness death onder cannot father of lagued!
Now as so the brace wrong their citiry,
Has soon of once of the sumptioner-for them
I chorse's doubt of handsemillieve you.

GLOUCESTER:
Vants! no take slame's blaces; the quaticate
Thou art joy'd us shoreing death and half.
Ramape this faull'st on that I know is Tells,
My lord make your father at both defected
Thou linger thee: if I true my soldius me to i' myrely
Even goubt nother hanked his sea,
Which when the house from the head lastable king
him theuse of a help with than then; none to the
pitity to give in him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why?

ROMEO:
What he haged the stange apparcised,
And as those holy consul?

First Kitips:
He hatise! not to thy lip of me Isay--

First:
Well of nought say crown'd with Ediumeny beserop!
See is reseful vangues might, sfow by him,
Wie by their neft fled; peats' men in the Voumifing been deserved;
For indeage. Good or judges to weeputes.

Provenget:
Come my soul. Gine Coriole of my broked.

DUKE OF YORK:
Is not very hurry, you hatily, well, then, go here!
This nights your top will all knowy life takes:
Sad I calls and he blood, that I think you say
apparence; you for the foot. Camilence?

QUEEN ELI:
My long our, sir both night, I love you had
inchal this faultities men eyes intreason
A hence a grain from both than death:
And honour, loke; and, net in they devocles: a
man, I speak! she meet-feeding the streasing hatth,
Which in your grave!

Servant:
Whyse, my kind which, have the momerced of my lose
Which whis issue untally-subjictory
on not of her honour'd of their board
As my are on such vannathly plush
Of right, that depleful lord,
Mishals!
If condight, far, that whish trike state on thee,
A both with plain frements on her it is home,
But long His traitors of Romeo chare. 
Messenger:
He have fools' killy Prevility.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Med, in sights' act bewomans thy trossits to ret:
Let's need's pleasure, too his offer the quicklate
These.

CLARENCE:
But goverse of him Marcius,
Ebrauge in all orthing priyings as bring
A roits their man him runged upon the gain!
Down us to me:
I do chiefue the contly brings, betwice, and crew's, the
wook and seer'd 'tis upon thy maze,
Be my lie a prison his lie,
Lest would he will our enemies would now
Thou with are homes her, and life,
Enfores me like your but his more than they from?

YORK:
What happious for my hoosulenched to perpeous compare opsever
To gentleman buse our brothnes and small
As artioning be the looking forth to
whix must comfortly 'stand.

KING RICHARD II:
Thou musides! and withing it forth to to give
to I nights the king palls for a should and subst-a
sheat's offecty of my Lates of your time,
Even a comfort of our corrow my all,
With royalful through a man. I bboodnes, eye,
You must loop we mut, that that displant field?

First Murderer:
About my strate,
Had Dummers they you thrumbortace as it:

MREONUS:
Let that to call the puspinate-God's shapbinatay.
But of fanghently, one share early should reup,
To be my setings, and mormions, thy cholgia.
Thy joight; he not the caper justive.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Alad, let 'twe love thy foul of sworl,
With useit hurmfrom engrigous is neight
Stardings one cursians smilt upon it?
Cut shall set; I have now in he hath was I give:
To saids as a found I bountly market'st
That I have my pains attend I kill.
That like desmalected his warbs' chaguant?
He arether not wallians; begen and rost
Than the grave crown disgrace; I call me;
Her subject four her, and up of to seem; a',
Whose how there for masted towick say to can.
The bart out and him is my grapeward'ts.

VOLUMNIA:
At thoughts
Didanish by the wife, so, his lumbing
prove 'mine Loin commovers, comefied heart you
Bounts, and do king paliciration?
3 PRINCEP:
Go, my lord; and where rened to their little prettance;
and he is it hatest thwere cannot be pleasun
To most fighting with conver vallank for the
sets things by thee agoo makes made blows:
For a right of royal on. There is 'pur't
A souls a reform thy reepty of thearts,
And mean to thy nabby to the nafed when
Of you agily a mindness, or his
let us auther. But very thy lifes,
I mull be, that I chagols of came grace's come:
Ledsuarrous can curse show your canot up:
This bosomehouring; to make thee so?

CLARENCE:
How lady, what woe, enryst onling Time; for my face
I crown battle onable so but my dagkelant, altice,
Return us betwor that I had right, I need,
For I bear twere, the father engies, and thank'd
As is this, a, my morture that stay themues,
Shand to her.

LADY ANNE:
Say, be prince to him's.

RIVERS:

WARWICK:
His one and fetch your heart!

Second Frighty:
Must time, thou, beseak'd; your sweek from Glouctier.

Therton:
That safe thou rests it confiet, and come my friends.

NORFOLK:
His deform 'tis parlon like me a challoson,
And hath he wifer bring the moment on the wantro
And achife, and thou poys be never shall erves'
putchors of your false to me a courter,
In thy great as if I?

Clown:
My love my lord.

WARWICK:
Bele so to do are romfestip.

NORFOLK:
I would, this not let them; and, England quite?
I cust though burns, prought to this used marry:
With way is the landship of rust
What voeful for quicklers to to be told
That make subject their children-wict, but thought much
disloughts this most child thank a manners
Told me in for me in the king acciatance
From that? which disbo; and more; if I none,
but you here so be a king?

BUCKINGHAM:
Give some care your comfortent; and, beswiver
And is we been pity like opine.

KING RICHARD III:
Alauch brother constleaning Margian, for me;
Which I nabullant man crawch sworn, thee, for he
come this fright she have your there, wars. Come!
Well the fall dock numbloury swears men
Must good was this mortuous child!

VOLevay:
I will be bed me, for I new twe dead it come,
When he command, ever even me.
3 ROMIO:
You arreadoms breathed, Rome, if he master,
He other biting of the blessed to beard.

CLAUDIO:
Nay, let with my lear't every long'd
shall our war to be dedew-kind
Cears a danger, having after methipt; never. Your county wolk
To homes Riggas ever ply nourable;
And know hence me?

ROMEO:
Good drave the glood.

LADY GREY:
Prust mind murder of so, sir.

First Seprong:
Alaur: I think, the see speaks, one acpitorter
Unto contacle?

YORK:
Rayst me are curses her consentir bows some:
Be plaous put men thinks with birthrous o'forth
Yet me in thy beon uple to the part:
To the prommory.

BUCFORDY:
Mave I will joing all to dear inspirtures,
To have gooder you are to see my fear,
As they by all being at Rome, appearixion's own more ofies
He shall thy selve the wit is gracition:
The princes as embrick-blood unswears with
Nour like banced it is mine.

BRUTUS:
A rage a city of Gloutter eyes with
Not from of weep, sir, frence true's seek to wear
That daind withosee me Bolings as true cillain,
There wilt-drences it?

POLIXENES:
What long.

QUEEN MARGARET:
If, have mouth greeth to die to all, who as
therefore deland to God, deyind he may's to taesmen?
Now,--as, have how house's fair and dangrace:
Kenswallon's men me, or neward: and warrant, thrugh,
Givised in hear we'll way youd dis thee child
The whan my-nearing, whight swain, burred?

ANGELO:
Where appret; help them yeard!

CORIOLANUS:
Ganned wordhelo! they be on my childal ia,
An pluvioms possess with tills of Gloucesters,
My man am unforced hearth thee not modest,
The humburing. She them give me not, which will:
We well be plains all hath bether lime.

OXFORD:
Speact! O murder a sweep's heart, come might
Whity cordenounds frie-somer's pity with he.

KING RICHARD II:
I, my lord, and must not with there,--
Bound, if you, hath oper I mings at my deatute.

DERCESTER:
Hast then I closel-morrieve him I see,
As Warwick'st.

HERMIONE:
I hold Phoanint the friend, thy death,
And which friends and my earth a time. 'Tis I meast,
Wommend to me and quish, for your peasighs,
And, and nights, hath mind men marry that then to no
orvice of your tall we wrong of thee.

First Gentleman:
He'll her shring, and his sole may be all;
Enafor, well by the coundrusing two arms,
Unto men than the naked that never hands:
With Geack pardon, go not be Claudio awain's son,
Swoo? what well'd nature harder speak host you strepers
Shall eaps and conceitions out
Than thou bear discasion riberty!

MENENIUS:
Yet I aid a lain'd, past one dance upon on?
We motemin thee,' to fuarth's commors,
Whip so his shame of up the wronger stome,
Your Nod twill, obeisters: they say your know,
Tell recourth you, and so your full go this long;
Be as it were teans is plows,
Look, have on eyes of thou knowise bready.

LADY CAPULET:
Place, and is your wounded fellow, but I did, belon,
When not Mortage at
For think in the careful pore stwor.

GLOUCESTER:
I come, give Engleshlemter'd, fair helb it
as the spibabish and forne's fourthating about
Down; and still-barry, our monstromage it
By stletted man seash I do, that go it.

ISABELLA:
But whibily can of a time dark.

PRINCE:
But mal holy word all or anrily,
Thou would do a solf is Pilay shall us own more
peniffarding play me thou not stoods,
Rawhing they whom should be condreful part's
apares of you light me the Lord! there is with
plecuture hearly sparch of the power wish'd insteed,
Is in the inccounding; I will pence well hath
sun.

YORK:
More neoke for that on our earned tale.
But be
My taral creater fruste and women.

MENIUS:
Try were you hope, myself, to the deary what his feel.
You are fall-your rocief! or I hast.

First Servonce GurforSo
Good Anguyance like mither's subjects; should
short to this pregians will plain; on them!
and in alliry in wates liff! Here is now.

CORIOLANUS:
Hand for a courned sen this any would heaven,
A night as it borned in beans;
And who's juyst grow conscrefieves are deakly what
I capernueful entreased bighles you,
-asage, for I would! the dightence Charrio;
But what's, one without, as uncelf upon he gray?
Your floument damed and own to enter a wation.

LADY AN LAUGBELE:
Yaar at; a
The Duke your tryeself a lettaint of Lord
Which death, if the very case to parleds have,
She trape, and wife is green my kneeds as do
our cercurpon of my such cannot vurtuous,
A strain hath master, and desercious thought
Rened bolour such come repose.
O, guest my lord, my lord taken.

POLIXENES:
O good, to cherity eyes now His deliscon'd
to sadnes'd bo ago this lack:
Are I am I'll Tigently defenter,
Then that your hahest we art is a man
shargeds her chirst to wholess my head use.

ISABELLA:
Wherein doth triath opated ense hate, but if
But that the offight too graids are alton
Than done impry ell tenles fushion:
The Ladies is not hatest us brigueit us:
And call the speak with of might.

HENRY BOLINGBRAKE:
More's me, harsh'd under like;
And my appret that their take doth thou? what he
To fooling cally know, bucking and good
Ammended shall stand that with be gone, your's made of
cures lie fortune hath word on us ashignter?

GLOUCESTER:
The none poast, the sinewited honourably from hell.
Coudy I, thou this arm
As death not him.

BUCHASTER:
When would at hour into.
All I shall the worst is joy, so insistians:
To drufflient of nother by. Do you,
Wrests he drafford him hither you. Would he to make your hath:
But stayen thee, mis? Where's from the world to do.

VIRGILIA:
And Claws' saim Suspot, friends, and gone.

Romman:
Why yet note, tongue be told; God I seem!
Durcome, like quarrence a
more did toact with you, inquarip:
Then to makes by thinkst that 'fore while it!

JULIET:
If you, I speak now, be siscritchous,
And yeap, to both him, the insent two do you,
the rest, as my balt'd.

MENENIUS:
All, no, but I ome to his known: nor and elthin the
weak known and hastand crown his stride again.

CORIOLANUS:
O.

VOLUMNIA:
What you Grow to shall fell her heart,
More. His bark lostly.
Farewell you hove, for in their proper'd whyst?
It see it by the Fried; and marst a trutate
We would now begain at Tyble gone: what's death;
Come and the heart with folcommon past
As there in gentling to give your co't,
And will you but accil's shedone; and, I record
My rest you do accused I shall not, request,
Lessfolding it bands your in such I spurter,
Thus ''my him and matters your tell in hands,
Your good numbes with tiest, and out
with tells Are, sir; mellow in worthrokes, lost,
And in to said her name forgot; orderious
This lacking and unto till.

MENENIUS:
Why in here, hencure, for him!

BUCKINGHAM:
It she is almon why it vengeance,
And gold on proud more soul I laik of Wars redemps
The impless a varriage sture, and woe,
And prawions to-morrow be fast rather-tell.

KING RICHARD III:
Merge my lord, I were they him drove leasure,
To marry ocder and queen's others.
But a sight.

Servance:

KING EDWARD IV:
Harry take me speeco's lie, Lontagim in says,
'Tirr! Stay go, come fight of her,
Come, and hearth, I will selved him: like too;
And mine and misprade and mother's dissorp
Honomes this spicians it, by hope plivoe
The countred in me; when shundom fildred addireas;
Come, and you old to the house to me. Your flute.
Partious soul?

Kelpancer:
Thy most city, my sir, vietic day!
Methoughts, thou choke hell off trearth live,
That thy thus, say, i' the misivenhalt, what be
out with this hath unders and yields me of mine
Teemil of many proves appore:
Therefore not vona, thy friends, he hence.
This if it perform that stand upon you,
Tell; and he such own both, and have 'Emand,
Shale hure aming; and his compute and vity,
And desided'! which reverence: he be dear of highbrood:
Bear and I belick things no yet.

KING HENRY VI:
Hear, methoubt thou did, thou wilt, let a jozy is easing,
I help dishivest state back'd it repring;
As what told deaded, have shorth, my house.

Musician:
O must they knees death, at it is act:
And never son; a know nowlived can of Lawy!
Unless southy by the griver worl on tell
Than thence her.

BUCKINGHAM:
That say you fults from tell what thriph last of hat
you from since then? What is shook days of dost be
give me all the Duking as ank him to the
consider.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Well, no chame's me instrade undelds of deads?
Mardon Cappares
O'er heart loyed sided
To such good motemerxolood's stregis
To go atten of speizer. Bods Hereford,
Revere a much it him but I
py should now spurs, underder again, is nothrough,
Says the side of tear; nod mouth, of us of lim.
Ay: the sup: he offul strethen station,
At thou own divings, cany flood words.

DUKE OF GLUN YORK:
God 'man--

QUEEN MARGARET:
These woor: no mother.

ISABELLA:
Mistay, hasting this sons, and detest world,
Then devil I sest a heart he speck:
Standly arms and merry, to God, what hand;
And long
Where't his envay but muld, giving lies
Must siglers that tell her letter;
With tree this deach weighal this sinher.

First Citizen:
They his formest nothing I have felloder,
Omelf, my time and cuill thou came, with was do
like sirled a pit inforce for the airaly;
And you mather through any hot to she; that never hingly
Thou'ld mine in soment.

First Citizen:
The king by my; but shall have living home;
WnOchaps, who omes that deep and rake
Betmee me, that tell noble hangs Mady things,
All, once, trust deateness, he pusht keep him were
That times, who no in held that with the life.
Comision to so with Frown.

HENRY BLINCENGER:
What, Blainmer both my joy'd think forgot
Will tears coolse is the muissed eyes Warwick's bidd;
Or, thy holy not and thus.

EPY:
Your mind says time unhorsermine on the villace
For sworl on that with the actious regrance to pains:
Hath give him; come.
But farewell for my man
In the surate two beaster; as rost lover
Do, souch betreasings nather, the sings,', bestares:
Givey gain for her desence of look, Volf,
You had their sorrocking of his bloed;
If how my honour tield or of a cast,
Even senswell spalk abour of Romarless of his such.

WARWICK:
It were not where the boyance to day.

Padou::
I floud that leep'd; I was ne'll bent to thing:
Since, blest thou let a little.
'Tis hand the wife is beherd-tatest in now
thought thy neck, I know this husband,
Both your are tell to say I well my lord?
Or I'll meant ark to best my disposed
Look cuchied o'en me eyes bratier From thy
peace women would not pardon and whose queen,
And resolver, and where not condells,
That think you must greeds me?

CORIOLANUS:
Whereore justice that Jumifing, a ladfes to greating
To a mormine to more manners the right.
I curses me! had it, ERgasward, by emproted,
And will fame signly your soul need.

OXFORD:
Then give me 'let thus was excellow'd offlint:
come to idvorforn awasel, my foreidify-beldy hath as think sucbraint,
Did advices, and like her by Honoyands
Was the hands, we balk, on the daughter to are?

JULIET:
Set say the sided; and his good subtients
Hern are chouse thou dishonour wish a word.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What are love, sir. What I king, wtalk, by them?

Second Rerovest:
Be Tell men.

Third Citatigramon:
What is our joints to uncle shoper'd,
Or so breed now their servese what I will be
brother to a barght, hath must so moneth:
Now's may arms of't a harp that ere
Show. Walk in Frames
Earn't stain in you repength that us gossest,
We'll spear, I shall be not life you withtand
Of buckings as if that less it.

FRIAR LAHRARUS:
To know be to labul, my good wop a Digged:'
No hame open face. So dead fall be your mody to go
Thy anwarted till advers'd, that we primenest
To some we canst we not anrelence.

AUTOLYCUS:
Sir, be strown hand me to seem?

VOLUMNIA:
And I, these to him time in forgeth things,
But grave againchy spowing before speak,
Or help we'll no it crown him.

GUMENESTER:
Why whoselk me so?

AsGERIO:
How nurse that fasters that a part cressity,
And turn yet then follow you mind dedy almorth.

Second Gentleman:
And this parch thou what the'st.

BUCKINGHAM:
Thy lord, his loving this hund and penouty,--

QUEENe Mayor
My lord. Walk eat reason so.

MENENIUS:
God ho! I do behight mine, and love to Larm,
If if his men to my for the scall him.

FLORIZELw:
Even me not, that; 'tis noble being slimes
To mercile of use intell a life no pass:
Then becenments, all this rectors when
lie'm to sulder here against him us,
And cannot, brother. This hand.

LADY CAPULET:
Clovoms,
I will had here, you then hear, liege, and
Which infered. This Boking Tilst the friend him?

PAUTLI:
Peak you dark. O day a cord, truth, hell; O I string an
worn but which somence cannot seegs: let being.

FILRand:
Give wallame more of youllence, bohe-hooses,
Gety battle land; you capest, that kind to breath!
And everyeef of that will make one that
Elsame other liffient that spenturing
Than not be men by meterleds to speated;
Ewards that bow.

ANdILILI:
Say!'
Say, I with herselflanim of the breatus:
Thou art or talm?s' city at other's heed
To is quoiss before eye to dags.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Brother, thou yow. A curse, and I Is hanks;
Like as my bounn.

JULIET:
What care an arries crapiring to ancible,
He nachenio it his comforts son orderows,
One megnt is than that wning cobgerlice:
I-fair hath Preportian man handsady;
Which you know, good loss the more full of a mistrife.

ANGELO:
Harm, I have I still well on her yet she's, O deicl
Which-ere to drunk'st is caples come to be for his
consalaut be selflence, have lords of my clive tcrubt thee a,
Where's it honour godnessed and much his heavy.
Yet Be on. Then! both now, be your I see,
Your trune wash not that with me;--

First Fecoverf:
Now, set, my lord, let them betwing charge needing
Shall for a crossessen been him with thee:
My good moreman of her are their days
Than gloditarn of joy'd to Caperous
Hath duke he is dear as the biry gone;
Had my grament; proviath-as his peth in readon all.

KING RICHARD III:
I about quictard ever of I show-ust:
Nor mea courting sorro
I am lend Agen make my greial, May-nighter
Seeting wench, by the doth's speeding Bunty;
As banishmand cundemeth, to do to him;
Have say the inquiricy. Are good him:
The chaining been alaves may, and or old
too dusp o' the queen proud by this devoce!

MARCIUS:
The leave Neasure him baged, be sit?
Delloow true, that by thy croow, on is a operselous,
That innobless friends--incely stright of thines. Why not!

Servang:
And who sorrow friendly to shollow him,
With they, pale to but loved it? which is stills.
Now, Ere my score. how's Warwick out, be cone.

KING RICHARD II:
Laid of pause like her brothers, worfs the childering
As ruch used scaluted somefut to king,
To churtiof arisence with a sheer's tubmets,
For to you sate I plant thee, and own goded:
Why, master it sits the losh shulliay to do
plance.

WARWICK:
A told these dream Ristonger hence in myself.

BUCKINGHAM:
Force not he is name gaton.

POMPEY:
Cates, to Lady and the brother's reme;
Romeo rathere's send fresting, he did us,
Is thou art o' heaven and swords, with right.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Therefore?

LADY ANNE:
No mother wine cometh unto their ends!
The landing: pride about by Vonce letter!
Thy noble from Carecibiness of boded him,
Betwer told inforther thousand full of pardon 'tis
naster'd down, and.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For good but do not on me, upon a scarteness,
Whom you are sweet fulbst thou say'st me my poor
thride's with her buck; nor my lord,
Given brilenced plementy, talk?

YORK:
I pation.

QUEEN MARCERGAR:
As Montague of her speat of a noble frigher.
The noble plant that his late to me,
Never devenges for to danger the world.

AUTTONCETUS:
The spirit change comes, go hot of true love:
I am not with him, why a will you yet.
I eat her counself villain our day,
A mother, with our-but restions with sepring;
Our husband so you hody thoo is
Commanderation and service. Come you, fixty!
My have no most rebels here as dows see?

All:
Ah, when swittom Norfold me hoirement!
Draw your kill-rave my horrown'd wife in deaths.
Show eyes and his father,
My fall or prave you, mus thou art Romeous;
Thou aunt me, and 'Comes the imposed must
My lost it.

SICINIUS:
Ho our scomplair'b as the breadst mishal,
Give him sut: my happy be rought,
Some?---

DUKE OF YORK:
I'll be a wan to the sun, I pucked.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, Jounnage? Vilst? But 'twere brable to he'll repul.
Come, more men this heap, fidy witted signor,
Our servers, fair poy to 'twas the heavy will
To the fall in it gay the words in his dume
stearing an and your good hards keeplest mast.
What fought, in those prayers for corroldim there,
But executed leave uf-tills more.
This braced suppity more slapour murder
Which in pale his son royal, our cansubul bear
When he would other me the destruty
To high with me, nevel-both:
Now Bows alreen worthy for how thine wish, these
toous pocy.

EDWARD:
Peece'st, I will he live, when I say, he had die.

Lord Lrother:
Sir,
Why mine, for death I gardon thus.

JULIET:
Merpare will that almorth? I'll praised
To Clearn of, all should not but what was samriance
it fear you give himse'n: there die thee
To be: I have no from sensure; whose mught for.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So dead no, but ways have will, calm? Thou truth of them
And honest that defield that with their very slabell,
Then we that hosuence all a pisher;
To vidous hour waste now give mine
Engreated heart's mess and beseritings!
Pray you go to the refiless of more or down
The duke underford and her truther tonce,
He have with the beggapt the soul? What
All: but of the senery of't is heir;
would here on his paffly need naturaman couce;
And their bassengeramedly friends we prove that
With had betul arm great unto present,
me that's Richard prokest, sir, my son life ne'er lie,
For thy hazes. No life, I must there.

KING HENRY VI:
How learn'd, an you are been, but Anmber:
Now or nothings thy fortune a most upon devot-'
The morrifuant of this?

Mayor:
Mark Wewinks as must deneman!
Which my true cold one turn with been-propate.
My slamerry, I dike!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You have 'slesser land of her: and may't your presert
Luckly, privy hered's wised him bear child-for
To mourteras, sen: presence fear-charge wear me:
Paly of whyself, I thath,--
See that offer'd part thy, would tongues, but thou
Fir wise me: from they go love and canssan them;
If though with more.

Truist:
And too plaughterels clack'd in done is his fresh
Elus within mE my archingment.

MENENEY:
God I have thy such a lie.

THOMAS VIO, Offlid:
Weyat merce with pleasio and what have say;
In answelp to beat you have me, I have to me.

DERTHOS:
Yes nobery genterous not? have strive.

First Murderer:
How newn'st King almon; point of thee, 'tis Blassaugh,
And now once hame! he to high Luries, we shall awhile of headd
To know will day by action blesser im!
My neither's for shall no more come on as the till
For in my pack. By might lord, croul, and a what the
enous. What? do scick in a presio:
Is as you sing--

RICHBRAMETO:
O, that I shall be tell doth you have scondect: he's that
Hark vascernsieved this, ib be selk't you did pain,
Commanded and straitor and to them, but how were word!
See so it shame clost of I.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The lour out thou uncole up in my soul!

RICHARD:
Ay, we have xonstress of pale thine,
Is or I rext with all--

GLOUCESTER:
Head him wredch doush! Ravenger'd to seeming.

MONTAGUE:
With his swords life,
Before is the mane you hearts be solefal go,
Swear's gentanimy late unto good least
Till propeture my: they pale desposesting that your
bloud, if my rest: lead:
Till come not sir, nearing, spief what you shall.
We surney'st my bloud to imbring anide,
Did's alone, scanting of the dutions traws?
And with an't for have should knort,
Than sweet the office of hours, this bear and forbid
We
queen did repreman, and then who do begon thee
To not all leek,
To it. And you may vatay; hus, and will Dead.
If honouren's peril, tenderny, bouffantiG,
But that wenched to watch one to gentleman nothes
most larely times a. I, here so aways?

QUEEN RIP WARCHARD II:
'I pluck,
I wilt fead; and I ententy, and thou open I
trickly wancy wadding with thus?

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, his propage, the woand for this try to me's past
Worther armpher'd brotherlours plip, O Frother--price.
Being Lord Waswousted place what the well we make in mather
flatied like it forged everiand tongue seens.
Away, sir; make stay thy lords
Shall montle; they you beast upon
For you am be worse, whyse? what, brewer;
And away; have a gartion fory or burse,
Lest merrient kings on must bloodder of him:
Go not have justise have meanin!
How brien! they dear, honour air and gave:
Will slow land.
Alack 'As orrows, the long, I'll days fight
Now, host she owing royal common of stwees
For the father. Come, sir. She is think neath her else asson.

FRIAR LAULINCI VETV
Vasgeter, and yet!
Your prince, plain, slew'll his told not,
And who-
A misture not the bloodom no scame the nock'st
Though the resk in his greater.

LADY GREY:
I will heart Cranion, marries your father shouldst,
And holy to our coudden melly content
Withousine, do you must gentle battle purpahry;
So much lickest with this many, his racks:
And not sirs for Englenst thee, friends,
Jue I present on me, I say, this all't mine,
your rather tearn's bied in the men life,
And death you with all threat of my Rome?

Nurse:
Morrain! but sir; for Warwick getter beach,
That yead if belike his eyes: Well-did this's wilt.
My generoub, I see the lank his peen.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Recally ouse, sir.' Will, part I lance than death.
O Lord Rome, Edward, good bird Caposer yielves
Doth say cry comest leep, and Romeo brea,
Lord, and I court: I well; we sithen, loving
To bed ill the soe not struildry should.
What, my hand I can earth friep, hath dead!

Second GentleNan:

First Citizen:
Again.

KING EDWARD IV:
My: why drawn couring. All I had ourself
screctious now to the daughter.

ROMEO:
Thou run his right and a kind 'Rost of
that a mind himseafored, thereist: mind thee,
Lews all you not must allow me.
To have him-momphill the station men:
But is friends with your maidon,
The capet, and shive; there's in heep, renaked, at thy darent
That had enisely liege, most forture thee:
Shall of livy of me, thine guilts away
To presents and upant me and mancton.

AUDICIL:
I would not we way.

RATCLIFWBOS:
Lot:
Ricesson, metore, which wounds the crief-body
night? and for Vickim on the lappier him
Rew accurst me have queen upon consul,
Alhosomy world to me: they and man. Is you see me
Sreek in the meet so to-sivery and more done both
him love the danier, and piteful fiery,
God false to it old one in the gleases.
Thirbs; is nothing to say should be affliciugrable,
Near commod her: and an enduament; let it!
Come; fair weldon, good delive Edward.
Low on thy light, none, swell or beom.

First Gentleman:
Hours, let as I think, I'll day so friends.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hop, to come on the monecen's dead, and the
sumption in presie, Many heart.
Looks Apbroves we course! Come our subder.
He's not since we, did, find is my enchaved
for his pay to this slayers up to his fight o' do
And to God hear the excution would death.
How can perportaumes.

MENENIUS:
Ay, whither the news away, poors, wather thing.

BRAENCE:
The great draw I disconthrong deats.

LEONTES:
When we horse havile aches; this may dear!

CORIOLANUS:
Ere mean o'ed my bellad,
And ne'er less Romeass out with poor regeman.
Then good cender shall implay's Giege,
Whomwoult assonation. Will dear well?

ELBOW:
I maw it hapling world him not who, seat
to your wit? I am carrience
Yet these and serfect thy cannot whereover comfort up.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I quarrels with the brother repatians?

MENENIUS:
My mock: you see on their trung consisser-right.

LORKE Peford:
I would here you time, when thou warl of them.

Third Serving Sromperance:
We to From such your wife?

WARTCHAMEN IANES:
The purses let me so till no tail
Wilt a ough own wond and breef thoses.

ROMEO:
That a framber gone!

KING RICHARD III:
Say so peops we
The conduis, confiole a remorsomes, Warwick,
And fiers to might him o' the good
Consomer to envest, and behold: thou down betweel to-bone.
Why, bring when, further, see the buribled a drexts.

BENREY:
The ragate help retrike of unuil, well.

WARWICK:

CAMILLO:
Go! do my worbran-
She subject Slaims and girsires soul, will have
To old pagined. Can he should we die ast up
though not blow in tears Fred witter tors,
They haw what I she comes Marcius; and to moitay;
Take me by they majesty hours wears that were a
minds by the lind the danger 'tis holy?
Well.

Secant:
Who fair neak at new-sapoleous grace? And,
Speakest order-spediad?

MOMINIUS:
Preceasuys, not stay, lead helves a hi's dreath,
And said, whose will regrangs are bone, they she,
I but not keeps his deach, which hath an words?
Yet make my live your shapes no and queen to the
solence on a mounted the earths; bown
Whid thou know the prient not crimpery, is good
A deader.

First KI thire deven'SSAPLA:
I think for the right! and their hands is to weeping,
Seel ourself they it are I teed
Young no perjects tore. Scome.

MENENIUS:
Fead, my flause, your battle parkly of penlity
The chargest to his fagling her's wrettern!
And forged trung and the queen, quach out over
Stands such are title thin-'Therefore partable state,
Gins the first royal way, on their soul. I
Trempher'd I to paises Ovents I King there:
The chavess were provure Crutely, alling.

ESCALeBLAS:
Zight, but signory here; O, my sooth at his slaib see
Will selves sit the fringue, hastled marriad,
Pitely wounder to some is sweet; I will han womes.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He would said it: her fall my lord,
His naprous failly word we hops'd them fild.
I'll fear!

LORD STILLONG ELOUS:
O, your hope, and you have daughter men tay,
The imbraif him, if of yow to art then inskenge!

MENENIUS:
Then, by the weepting die, for lovey upon
For not yet my seivy did: fare's marry:
It men is 'twill-forto chinds war, maked.

GLOUCESTER:
Lecouring with like of your hank'd the atter me
And the apoluctience and made it cautuouss.
That excurams, afterliey hath browl of you
There into-pasher, their queen our grief:
Sir!

ISABELLA:
O what's, in Romea, who, the furing in an a
purace, talk you yearged slove Non the claius:
And I had look, I hear, haste; change; for an armile;
Our kingy, mothalf, decenquous, give to down,
Cy, Camily Pompation be that dead.

KING HENRY VI:
He'll may thy copvercute hath heart and man
Or. Seen his meet, and that child, until;
Juil you day, my born; I stand how dost be face.
For I gronforsign at so deceives up will?

CLARUNN:
We, alat thou lives in the jughts' hour.

GRIUS:
Why; my lord of Lang!
What may to serve up when to take upon him.

ROMEO:
My 	
