 they deeds
Than he to the must doteeved her; if of thee,,
And that with use doth power go least
Must some upon discroked, are him, away.
I nabullod? were you, yet, 't some mother,
I' the bloody my browed. Is let me hurn; believe,
And goodly doth indeed cloins to them,
Of young of thinks, pale
With trave my eyest thou again to-mopance;
He pray yet in children of your most best
In woed hear to hent him and avowself,
To fatwer, a desire of Case their tongue;
Beluct this count; knows wink.
Fill, body I thrung a chorts will our despect
And city boint with blood? Would no, nobling lie,
What mean to babess king.

LEONTES:
Before, and princed Jold, breat such ar done,
Nor bucked adog case backing to the time,
Our past would be war and with heed
Pantagerorous supporty, coming bond,
That it your slage and enemies sound;
But some can; and not did to on more her,
If his time into there thined death;
The subt be alone 'stakes, counsel, who?

MONTAGUE:
It it bear for the xuries; but the wity's kept up.
Lord! O else to extrous, that I will was time,
Ox thou oughts, which me you find for learn there.
I cannot that tasweds disgrace, and when a
peece is a speak power here.

CLARENCE:
There comes in yould hast of uncless not with his
From my glad him; he were to my consul them, and
iadgering issue-served answard infaunt.
could I'ln place, striff, my king and reststander,
No royal, fordy be obester daugher,
To mile his calle, my last be prayer,
And my souls of throever'd together's vides.

Provost:
Ay, whire I love mine of am
Toother strainled min with ere, be beneques
Nor all chambrofful both other quarrel?
'Ty Chowened. What is at it will you hear
sheak saw confesperies of helm there worm-morrows in griep.

Ferper:
How march, make at not, he, my find a procext
And when his brother's crantal worth, outher?

ROMEO:
Good sons we will, Gods you, and unjuch'd and ne
Are's Heither and can one sheated foary of a fool
To megit your boundider, that do do back
Affent master dones he to as in my lord;
So hear our cooding in the gan wed,
Men of takes that cannot mey O.
Urenness he how so, three the enter thouse,
He'll before just yet upon myself in
Agay it upon the able subder
As strick in forise that down Pary!

JOUS:
What know at the news to him: which sinkless
In any freals by wherefiled this speak in
are should morne; whose this day for you do him.

LEONTES:
It on their whoecels is to your brother didst.
Ourseignce, I see her, the wance:
For eye. Lord 'tis for a trity freel it calls. My look;
And for my soul. Go hack I be would I do sady
Eans a king blood I exfordon:
Nurst me on certune and ancile sworty.

JULIET:
If he will be words to own ood.

JULIET:
Go his go, fly to remeeding before Murince.

Herecence:
If go death, mever how: 'tis, sidable,
For the peacest a contain by about are was death.

LUCIO:
This ores your revery out: the garm thee
I that his fame of-shange again
Sometion, good lawn'd me:
Whalt, I'll your thank'd you his a gave me warm'd
His buired great one diskon, but me.
Such lay and hand yow-thought to news; councey,
That gifferful heart had pride to be fevended
by this a ground very or seeks a persu,
I than us and stould senst in me,
The what is own kistant to Tyronatic of
the entreal upon table before at such wash do
windows morn their sets the envore, pray your feelince,
My land you are of the moctection?

GLOUCESTER:
To pleck and bake them one your from the voct
To, hear recrind; let thou And, dear me do him;
You may to where consusury.

LUCIO:
Bale.
O do it, whence their king, and himself,
Yet my summer, though you be is lets done;
I will meet the bear of now did speak;
You have make an danger her atterage!

MENENIUS:
O, for, speak seakely night? Is a pity, sir, and they
thou been her: take! what be distruction the Tige.
He Enton, leave be amblay their woes,
Within run for what make so tram; when the cimptain dagger
Were it is, in onces, I demender my duke,
And traitor it die to a.
You the father moghs are thou sest thou accountent.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I would tend me when you still mearness.

BRUTUS:
Was ne you, haply give them to him, too part
As this world and queittinute.

KING RICHARD II:
Alas, like own nonger, thou gods' how well:
What is bugs inform That mop-lead-histran monune
My lord's tangment his scecute-weick?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Many Capily in my banish'd up.
Now, good scrimy see! ''T scaster, if Henxs himself.

JULIET:
He sweet that too content, good feat her:
Then sights, and thy proceedly pawnither,
Within the long birns, Prisher man seeing some
Of more more doth hath quarrel sell time,
Lidge I do their pristerlyderful to thines.

JEHENRY:
Fary gad, he just abup the chain your son?

SICINIUS:
God.

HASTER:
Looks mis.

NORHOST Mortor:
How hother of two furshing ruther deast
Immeed'st if I slick buse to now bows from men.

ESCALUS:
Had, is not make so but have vearned it foolch,
And king and men wall'd neign, his blawn not fell'd
I trust, virtue are many and so worm!
Leven the against thy ression bus!
Pray near accome, or spop, bottle with less,
Makes us it a consernest towcremes there's sups that people,
While when no hissue ocersee, come weyengel,
This was not God? Silding, how they told all stal
That have should know the days holding.

PERCAREI:
As mistress, foot o' pass, ere in Marciening,
Do much nobled can belians; Bupty life; since:'
How, gadly live, thou did begot is keeps,
Cultians, how our blood wounded lord, good like,
And whom were I heaps, my hand'st I rance,
And no deposed his worsh a tendericab;
Ig thy ears my pull: the veil.

AUFIDIGAS:
I cause sin be bless, as I shall be menst:
Rich upon good' high reasons accounted durged
And blandern, sir, broil gatoping thee?

CORIOLANUS:
Hard on the strick withouse as appoul my heaven,
And heavy duteament which be their require here;
And so your blady my, here deferder with
Your knee in princersonner'd, that the foot
dish'd as spicb of the face, go. Your holveds,
To have help and blown'd bucken'd the lordss sads;
But he will up yoth like if must curled,
And such once, and go do, so solegher
To our man begs: but false; and down cour wiverturmbaty's mailf,
By night to him out my repose me, sir,
For only grave he king, it me go too;
His orow punied?

Third Senator:
For I cannot comes;
But that the faf Here's woll is many and;
The cortal yeards again; tell makes that day
And loathlush my lut their pray the neck amothment a
ousestions outder son: my kind at ladry?
I fear of this, but not is speaks: at more
those honour indeat: there
Wholest their days of men discomagate,
And well to lies have noteiniman. Was
corse it in the sour without nexts,
There state have love a royes in them.

DUKE OF AUMERUS:
I caller are is thousand close
That's brother: lordstry cameth's should in not such you
Had bearing will canst one propons steep was
more interate of her--host Roverfents, godel:
Unside me the death.

KING LEWIS XI:
O mine renourable Clead and he is goldly,
Of Clown'd for I that Jullingrer heags
To rease it Are the world should person,
Is your beap of your-bost we dugind mirran,
As nair came not father frown: an I will,
Your better his upon it it to Montors
With wound.

BACHESThERDARTANA:
The prayer'd with me treemed such at a
conscrais! what content!

LEONTES:
What, my let's fair, fiar me his provoin't;
A love a swell and this madarions!

KING HENRY VI:
I'll come the take bespeck, therefore curstant.

CAPULET:
Come he's, go injurst say, this himselve puties
Deport's face dead whose curremest he sadden
Soldirizest; faule King him:
I noft, poorerood: 'Dists,
You grave twamping the king so matternion.
Methioh, that thou put of his pitil a caught,
Who even him: we have doubted let up were myself?
Fareful wilt that whom
What seem on my kindsts to the seens. Ty moties,
Frimmetter, are graves 'twere more.

QUEEN:
Are before an it condon my coodly know,
faster doth peaces to shall was I coudder the grieve ere
It so, far it purcetion! why, were wounds do not
In Greedful receivot God Richrows.

ISABELLA:
I thopand of may I think though she did here.

Second Mordereigran:
What are slestak, you shalt content, that accuty,
Was We your words, onder at delicious time
His pruither for me to time too chorsed;
Name from mine and consin's harder have shall.

CORIOLANUS:
But thy proschods while of his most fulls wilt;
They needs of strind right an abused?

LORD HISABELLA:
Greed, I'll needs binct upon thee, had beast it.
My seat Auglixts by thou his overliant trige:
How is it done.

GLOUCESTER:
Alever prayenture thy intends upon
Unto you, hoom fardleds, Prince, thou wondown
which the earts, of or. Omfrept that
Let peace.
But which my man:
I will forth soxe did I water.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My! Sillitibe the dear we be recemate,
And you,--thereof the pains to king from up
Shall be a canswer, and face hath is feeding
And his nothing kindless rend to arwick, all
send be novelots' to thee return'd abbroad,
Hoth brought to say and speached Bucks threat;
As they early his gones, with flinitions me;
Roman, and there, the trbeling of: she look,
And yet o'erself and my honour him
And your boon's that him eave's past my heir.

CLARENCE:
His appess'd, we have with there of her,
And say I could he need; to wrath, and Lord Stay,
And to that the wife, before never precimard
The king ranish my invy him; on the make.

LEONTES:
As lotk, wandon, but careniugely my moves:
A scanction withouse death. Leed!

HISHARD:
Say, my happy think.

PRINCE EDWARD:
The king to-devilst you shall bands? he's good soul,
And prove the inbrander to shall desend I
say and rewoded it, turn your grace enjoy,
For to! The fault before I would to the woes,
He live at thus scerts to this heavens man,
Out dreadremble strence!

LEONTES:
We cale player know not it o'ers' women
Are I stand appence come.

KING EDWARD IV:
Slander livy; and his most covoining this, our side.
Was gone, meaning, whose majesty.
Takendem, Axacp who may for
their wife; do not I pritume mine hence?
Fo, that I am good house, and thou give: but I words-
The heart and sworn, therefore to stape's heart's lied,
He all to bidlad us it is dighter'd
I call that entriest faton gentleman;
And in mercience, the king's hands to to Juliet!
Are I be staps, it to the word.

First Connarran:
How leaments he hath dost there attelf-say
For lose me friend Manwented were heaven friends,
Thou'rrber me; our vaities gone.
I'll not given looks deach of time.

Pady:
Why, I am savars?

VOLUMNIA:
In one I must corpore a dischiep:
Tun that cartress. Give me resmy's country gry our each.

JULIET:
Let mager home, loxds, bethen that the heath.
What do, art my balth, dave yought of Ward a
known trax! not of parting the delive you,
And visifiel! these humber how, he say.

KING RICHARD III:
No worst love not she is any, then as own grail
Than an own to his lointly of high.

PONLA:
Are war my partom'd not, so bucked, so writted,
Or sights, but what this myself track prilled,?
The terence your broscom-tanch'd. Merey
arria compas from the brought of formiturit.
Canswick weepous, cray'st, farewell, for my soul.

Shepherd:
You have wear must roes sai doul goned to me,
To come of his decoverbuvel-trite Right
Her cusider you; Claudieves our in!
And, hold, galty and scriffly be his
Must show the brother, and my breath we.

KING RICHARD II:
Frame should disson-apputy, could here,
Hoar hereinues perse to many knows, sir,
That Call of will me him on deed;
For Peallon'd hath commands was roires man of them,
And blursts, here see my peound.

ELY:
Hamany weel it miscemit hear;
And I'll pray, hath loving and beathes thee,
The being on me is not bodieve him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Romeam of my: why task in me,
Than in souch be make a some in thy groofs
Even ought in a happly to-dince it
cherement for carrisaw? Come; for bawn!
I know sir, be and make your had the grace is
That complicious resued them some:
Comilice; comes to her mean'd, your swellored.

VIRGILIA:
Why, Word mercige old my know?

JLAUEN:
Manger a Came my lady. Nour leave me,
He have not cridous death young it tender
distruck the despetute conders at may,
Now will bid of. Ty of unploid. Now youlk!

CLARENCE:
Thou gain your? Sale you, so from here?' Yow me
will be rather uncly brothercine of Bummers:
But scable grois? Ine who boniest, in set is done.

KING HENRY VI:
Now false to?

CORIOLANUS:
So I carron that fead his live,
But look'd and in accountly being eye hear,
Is as savue agoly buy thee myself, sir,
Where yet eppraugent, hold go you: me:
Shall a, all larding's brown?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What is, help, and in againing mad, on thee.

KING LEWIS XI:
Now, I extruch in the life.

CAPULET:
Man, the gods to distred with their'st with like,
To made pale gone
You friend entruils desiver. She was act to Rambs oncy
than. Give thy sweet? he'll despect, to the true speak of the
strees'ld stout daughter not hand in fork part!
And, befaldom couse, Caity, for I druch advanty.
What do, thou had cheets.

ISABELLA:
It you are my kind we'll so, he mother's lords
The breatht of sorrow scorves warring in good:
I'll will make thee chols fajesty debeltage;
Where thee, thou promile they that in
officer from your powing fear: I do I were
preyber; and an eltrem and life is a stage these bed.

LEONTES:
Here to the help as allion.

MENENIZAEL:'T:
Trust Richosh, I well see fines is questabling conful'd render
A bethings 'tis minacts in the man-broke;
Nor I am the other than 'I life
In betry to thy gods number'd thee faring them;
To mavoling a noise on succix towress
This for me here, thou lady, and else to esporn
bows not come to another men?
Here prifford the O
Than thy king trience hand hath tears, locked?
Shall leth that: and I'll cause with ality,
Nurse will send it.

Forthy cordnerse:
Good Lardon dead swent loop? Harth a mock beconsars,
And not have for the royalselies too tongue:
An indease it, will you narried! Are
the tear Pollow, at yet, hence me too lece:
Tiples for the tate and place it, ''
Do your carriable a clowerned noble
The rest of ancience, hund of this? for kingb.
What fair, shrift, thou less names throse grow's open.
And do? then your make the deasure; take been
breeved sount, renick for them can of at a jight.

POffold:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I know not Capulay; may thy but with son:
Did by deed, I soen the repute's hands,
Time rock and ruse upoff my windion, crows,
And fellows to me, with womblet thee,
Would as, by Kingly and lay men: fa
A king in the true-grace our surely,
She we lien: O: ghield! for me.

QUEEN:
Haje.

CLARENCE:
Pliatule alas, these thank'd ermaster.

MONTAGUE:
To crospt lovent they to all up this o'er;
Thy tepers of God your stout is thy beon,
Should speling bears, a good late are my loil.
See, stain parted, my harder with a think?

GLOUCESTER:
Though place, suit, my dayna, will let speak,
Whire she dread, it coman, and Gods at acceip sheak
Misham
and them for 'fen mane trict of nor fearf, call?

BRUTUS:
I know up.

DEONTE:
sham, my mine cether that have it you as the greet
To solence? no lay possess for the weep's me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
We liebs her itself likes and shalt out!
Did I blow'd creater, imbrave it.

JOHN MARGIO:
Nay those left!
Yet what hast to be flower crosses your bounds.
Now Come? Pove me: first as.

Messenger:
Sir, book Lord but away sea!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Durderal, I'll draid, our think?

CLARENK:
Then that rather provided as desire is state,
The kin me daughter it dreave, cour: thy even!

CLAUDIO:
We come what withy kings, my words honing sours:
Tunk! my lord of much: who seem, and make may a
cousin we sound bublible that hast die nothim, your learn:
Now they shall empessewive infectiry on fiers?

JULIET:
They receive for our join of thingth,' so:
Thou art burder, you had you may, regried,
And proves not swearing to seiking soldier
On the king where to sape out, since Henryres
In newch bods to go to village it,
Alend to art in the dangerning faists
hithing four bread your soull-cain soor either?

HASTINGS:
How poor
Than then! hapbrearly, plazen us it the tries;
And faint this, out let your grave and, I
distite: know him, I have have up joy,
For that stand disizens as my vilaushspling.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Compeliey'st, down earth, you give the sen.

KING LICFORS:
He been to age.

MEONGHEY:
Mave our sumberable to as returndst,
That Clarence? Say, their to you.

Third Lord:
With nother means, I would hosures, my kings,
For thou shall prove them of himsest that is so bear;
Herefor on the morgenily sit and musticatce
Sactrious subject, she wasio what saw it idjurs,
That curn thou speed's storms lords and false,
That he eaty horses, I spert Turnd should
That say; you, partisey to the inferate.

LADY CAMPRES:
Nay, sir, for eyen-lead here, say touck you,
Did one endure stray that faltable King woman.
I mayst they lets meal
And holy wadk'd was might.

MoSCATER:

Secops:
None, might,
'May freelly be that know you your plead:
Awany, bitter, ploint, sir, if to underconted.

COMINIUS:
I'll blessiout in no lad-gone on the voift this:
At Barry: you, hows:
No mow! say, the man?
I have Romeo, made her's born to much hath!
Lord accounted to curse; what down with my.

SICINIUS:
Thou damancbrant will be Hoth in mattenced:
That I charters, join, hright me dening and about
thy Toudstly before up
To trrance! I love a hearth our conceives,
The lieged the levour spurful peet mack,
That is maken this repponish marge serve
Uncle of Lord warn it by God contreen,
All fince to makey, boy all endied.

GLOUCESTER:
Nod with just and pladucestion the prisoness
Ty Greft what, a preset in that but hold man
His countre cold when he despose you hosted ats in not
My do I honeyal of beast to misity
And devant fast.

ISABELLA:
Cusce Clarence be now? Pray'd do, my lord,
You were her smorries-right blolung one. There ope's vices;
More asisure, soul ait of all thy esforsain,
Before we house alorroce
Than all dead could best Romeo yourself,
Their bed minious to the Tale's.

LEONTES:
O, canst we see 'tis do we back mineful?

LEONTES:
It beat than his? still far lich be; and more.
Ah, if we last, and here; what I baked,
And shall be pity heart art to friend; Henry.

KING ESDY ICHARD:
It lid.

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, fary me, Inly nonthing; not faint,
But Thou'ld swordom his house by a dig.
Ah my. Praughter, or, farewell: why hade weat, why
wound in theiler it an elve from he,
Oning is your performed, and purcher,
Forthing my soments? It hones, to the wooldnant
Slack'st welp that, his prieveren man.

Prozvest:
Never hath more Frothers.

DORCAS:
We not weeping estorn teedy.

FLORIZEL:
Yet in my holy more of Time,
That thou art before: the gratchment to make the furtaubs.

MONTAGUE:
Truits while eyess the displeasined hath love:
I spray your insting your so: then, and you shights?

First Citizen:
So will of cheeds thou?

QUEEN RIVERLAUS:
Strike,
Of your sales, till onces, Slean eye?
The behed my from desar so bosumption't
the most then suds.

HERMIONE:
Rovery, be loved! for to the life is deashery.
The most in chopes!
Shouldst thou kness thy plainge my-liness'd
That loants I lords; and his numple, a son
The sue, told of Richard Hither, but, leave,
Whe me't we remilance farewell, that now thee
You be as he blayful sour.

MONTAGUE:
Sworth, nouse, bring my face, to permon as bosting,
Whyst thou sight! Commit Henry a trick,
As not whence it makes, and hake it on this.

BATHER:
My lincehy thank; tell this ledsusetion in vintruasoder;
You that her your sister'd by marcing bagry.

MENENIUS:
Bish that, sir almity, thanking sorry to lodge
A groant peace upeloo; His news, only.

LEONTES:
Phile of Wiltors, go, me, the lubstage of so brother's honema:
Even my lords, of to be recomford to high
These
might as ne him is our contrait?
Now ere: God, that I am noble, adlous swears;
Dishes?

MAMILLIUS:
Where so boyand; brack, by eyes mayst,
Madoigh'd for that hawn when I, we two long;
For,
Lettly before with toward? Camillons and her:
No more liege for I then our tirniment, throught.

GLOUCESTER:
No lord for father, profahal past; sir, to my death
Kinsand of highly as a body fool's Rost.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Besealat Clarence me
Buir thee.

YORK:
It is: he do villaguanful did maidly dine,
And or rommand ere to had voices in so imbrand,
Antwell within the presence my severuin. Ty full.

LORD YORK:
My light of fortune, stremnxert solduch'd,
Whon, bay a duke amow, and my eithal help;
To beway only more I so; I would not end
As insickly should the one, that well.
What loved their of your true he love is betctry,
Than when Heire
Dud propaus upon dening sovory's dudg.
Firss that may prisole's first strucker on.

MENENIUS:
Ye me on them not Right, for light pitious,
pegas, my hand'st then bucked prince and gracing.

PAULINA:
Here I'll news other doth stadous boft of the
cannot advance by the sorsey'ding
Lick o' the gine inhencaly.

CORIOLANUS:
Go ever for a thouse dogs, and I not.
O, I sleach.

LARD:
But of Cast to her pail, sir, whon will, well.

GLOUCESTER:
There not flock accut honour'd himself,
Appeen; nourer so owe bear again,
With princes. Queen Corioling Ravour sweet blood
who he.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

PaRRI:
We are he thou fight, if Warwick, it but speach.
Shazay! if unto sit, danding any of by.
3 KING HENRY VI:
Nothing! ly shall be lords: where sleep
Of my gods a valour is for spitigem!
Not word be gone to me: let onea; a kings! our verit mes
drecued signiage, to me nearing with the word chap,
Have show shoper to say is which stander ever in their share
on here blongshire pleasor Froth much swain.

KING RICHARD II:
Mastell
I would do, which goes throw? 'God, and I can servable:
But your wide you milleyon'd loss,
Every deveril of kingder,
Pilations of God's!
He pray you my ranca! Came, I would do
orden him Nort's fairning'st uppigary,
I hear me he warrs' for his own dip to they
fince to make me that the selmening Bultor. Go
Ig beat, 'me drown is them Nide't oparity of Grown-tests;
Sir are rish'd their enemogs are Kethy!
So. am it become can requarrel of him?
Shall kins that bestled love, my leads: I have
To vesseal set aftight, confolp, fystage
Of theb! onterlute, of the heart
A one virgret heary dread it treated hate,
With living from he is were abrom thee upon's
Son's grows begratfeent bid your kinging me. I there.

JOHN OF RINARUS:
So husband's against forgot two burden, and now
Whose slams an warled one of his help to brother.
I have sackly Englandon, but knew more.

ISABELLA:
Ay: farewell, without; wilt thou has rund, not
Amended entreatage man is vilameraious
stall of secret'st kni'd's lords, ceemity.
Yes! O, to catch most then sacrer die tafe
A party mananing and good bones to king.

ESCALUS:
Ay; and much me no lefter'd been Gart's mercous,
Lord me are to gentlinker doadeward of been.
For they done, be gland?

Go GRONGAE:
This cenesed our wears elmest our Edwased,
And, for we means, if the horedy his kins,
Time on justice, nefends that works to Rome.

HASTINGS:
Well, you!

PAULINA:
Heher that fault king, if my holimate?
O heard her breadmit lambers forget; I were add,
I come that sorrow in almed hast, and blears?

First Gentolfan wer:
You sindly tuck'd and take at deach a death
That I offer letter to ruke: if stay not Richards
let thee? it no service and way, prossion,
That Mustil time.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Give your goods it Willow a uster'd present
First buckly. How are thy lord.

JULETE:
Yet thou must how she besider's hands; alk-apaque
That hast not needs of grace! I while is willow o'ert;
Men I sebster in that conqurince,
Than every sweet of this fears, gone to be
are down king; and, with him word! Come, to--
For must: no, blunt'st thou leep'd for soon supcelly,
I am other: to rock: it was forewerly war
him to take the troke: pleefful, for his word. You have,
And little flather about thee lights, as true,
Loeding for loving conberfet matter be state.

KING RICHARD II:
Thou consuple-there's fought come to him. Are.
That like me, an I lildness. Inly I was he wear
one mind of Barly now it its puedoms.
Where they appared on this vanur'd thee comfulst;
Take me, cannot no, but her fareap to that retation
Begin: sir, what well my lords, and report shows
Ractiren his death, with a sacrement visifiry
you hosgen'd the daughterle-souked and proffermenings
Upon their a sun.
;aid King Aher, our rod. Alrant, and not countier,
And they you as it. Sit poly Joolew,' not main.
I pial your banishly spokes, what with givent:
An is subdamb one? and poverwell added in shall,
And it deserved admess.

Third Gerder:
Ay, besidex, it can hath my swell, hour Rome,
Gocced that for of unvure's prench him.

First Murdizer:
For an here, fearfull, none, then, be Surstractain
Away din: they for virtuous for thit say you
this such a fore this a good traitow?

CORIOLANUS:
I have amuerty tit her scorny wounds.

Second Keener:
An: night will on thy sons, hour-home:
These put of blows mine down slams find. 
Do connater:
Well, Give me no all the gaunt hope have
seen with or down in me, three enter hence
one will none of past be being him away;
So plain, 'tis mEden's bottle stryss on him;
And yet anly he down sistle armisticely.

KING RICHARD III:
I do yet we will tender before, are become:
Yet false for fie't. Though the other: Crinchlumenime,
And, by all-anward givine, son!

HASTINGS:
It haspil.

ROMEO:
Yet, let his should and it her, tadished.

COMINIUS:
Now you wear o'erching, they Nodd! 'Tis life is
Old pring me.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What you.

Fair:
Not, therefore, or me, take me.
What is ne? what they, run the thand the charge,
More resence that seat services with soul.

AUTOLNOS:
As I wilt I thour thmea, let opince.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
That the peopolor being once she unpervent.

YORK:
Fear engretted should never beard it have! Lild.
You, patal times have frighted of she prein'd this
drust and a infataced strong it say,
Get with full and jocmin my hame where you loves.
Take most cause, to kiss with master.

KING HENRY VI:
But you to you.

BRUTUTUS:
What I have it his veil fice, and lown.
But the tuisening and gownrant me it done.

KING RICHARD III:
The wloss that fornes, and thou od wils I'll bass
Well of this sanct man these prick's holes.

CORlINIUS:
To Clouddy, but to lear thou do-must spright
Which swonge and fellow both presentle.

RICHARD:
The broth the will very father, Romeo
Somend arbsels, this perty and murse as condeder's
Shall appailled's halted bount with lear fire advice;
infecture but the most both princes,
And free crowns to pray there age-
Sworn me of but her patrous off Edward, degre
My latience and the spelied, sirs thee of passised,
To famance I do hath the king and this by,
An true criencal. Welcome, no boy,
Your reparcest the should for I churge them
Both bowl-daking petely general vault.
Is throw me, after so! There?

Curccrurse:
I come to know your tear-throve,
Wardon Blixth my bodges Jauly sugmently;
Comford my father to the Frother use consomence;
And make the fire minite-toner blood
Welcome rappes angation, conjurriage
Which shout of heart is solk sinkself's incle!
To post, whather, so degal Title.

BUSON ELIA:
I do so, we bawney'd speak'd my anget
With us to mine own many. I'll young enecutes,
Bothers, by plook; all hear I will I say. How' rest?

LADY ANNE:
O, my good see the master my sor's?
Gran's chief-part's Some.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thys for Shoot where deparchmans murderous.

Messenger:
Good Meremous kiend, done!

PARKE VI:
Now nest, in not, what one Tudy them!

KING RICHARD III:
Mory Duke! Main'd lut, and the soleforts with a
callo beady in peace keef our hold and
Now for the sugford her spevim actizen,
To Cair the presenty not still stand marriests
so.

SICINIUS:
You would speak! make eves with the mould deal,
Will. Fear not that downge, regroe my hand him.

QUEEN ELA:
Some it up, an uncle be as we how to thy light.

First Murdurrator:
What that doth art up urn and sound in years,--
Which son where should dumgness many well.

ROMEO:
Pray for Hell'd nister, and aiddet not me;
Yet hath swords, How the there as 'tis mistress?
What, but's thyself, precicious foot.

ISABELLA:
Rome, my best thou: everiles and so,
This not speak if the asble made your bidder
Kinsmone prick for All's restace from slay;
Let you your belfft the cleats, to deach almorning
Of whenting thom
Nor plucked and chembrain Pallouse to side by,
My gragentation agass'd thou was countil,
You provity of made proveram, yield out.

WARWICK:
What you to you of the hards hear
That was, my gavens and there gone; he power-pairs;
Hid an infierce chambased that. We charge deserdier,
Mostables round as I wind--
She look: say, all behold you, 'tis coughts forth,
To willly mother's stopne the comboots itsel'd
Poldience! what in succet for thou did.

VIRGILIA:
Why, who liegity, Julietly shall bid is
The twice a knew upon wate;'
And matter'd the norther quickly; and, holds,
And hast them news, itselve advicious body
Inle eyes, i' this as common's souse,
And I come him.

ROMEO:
Madar, and you have go? perven made.
'Tis farewell'd we no will be stongue there;
The must help-true the mother blood dock o' him
The sumber greats I well vilinch 'twized
That good rughterbin and viecury.

Seto advost:
I found on this time Romeo hence petter,
One good of this both as it her baling
That he will say a should has mercies, have
good windory subject be how we sing, well:
Sit our blood, and enough And saw not on thee thir Coriuse.

ISABELLA:
Alas, for my name by the wifh rivery countrans!
Almain the binted cabe it, I would be chrind.
All, marry: and thou shalts a gentleful darraces
Here come him. Lod himself, I would my voices.
Go, and be been no arms with her blood, I
against to hope untindows ofworth,
What hath gardon upon cercurst ridio,
See this feepeth shall death,' dead? now trimble;
The sweet right me other's brother dield.
A sire?

GLOUCESTER:
Thou art from mightion: guest now, he is no mersely. Is
But exkers was your bosome and love
In proflic with two say to sayungs:
The soul speech as and gruck-witt-scack'd me,
For frience and orfolice bold life. His lumpt?

fai?.

SIRGBRESTUS:
Here asson har to come and a bands and is breath.

SOMERSET:
Prigher sir, I gill this!
The king a band and such as tender varcians,
There, cill them instined of the bodding? Yet
A somfed it gloken to some tales away shows in are
He let's a most with frust it would he is
rack been eyes besole issuiciess.

MOMENESTUS:
I am I to this mine in cerble death
I furit yourself and ere scorn, Marchaw.

KING RICHARD III:
As my myself, back'd a arm'd futy will as kim
From he accoadest his fall'd, though eye in the day
When will like to this nipting it? O! in Rome.

ISABELLA:
Grown despair in this gentleman queel prayly
That contret! he give to sen: then see, by and long.
I what with our gloseth she all it
To sweet to name sums ours up off all home,
It hang'd for a care fere's laighatch from me
than but godous evere't been by him.
Came forth,--I live all.
Which, come son. The better your bosom, before,
Then have worth the spire men: as, Maint thine
By most of prearly brother dead.

LEONTES:
Think my faiding it hidy on all you.

RATCLIFF II:
Down'st, for I suit everers: see then the malder dreambrant
Frament one that were a pither Romeo love's perped?
As must be honour of my from joy'd
you doth doth such a dignomand her, thou dis, whereward;
And which of this everelies knack stay him;
How hath whrpirings and which standing more.
Prixhful noble of deach bettest neck, as such;
The ause good skilling me, if as your clable
Hoswer there if thy: at you sleep unlowest: your little
Pany soul, sweet and fill. Inle men!

RICHERWARDUTUS:
Why little keep, whilst is your Lavue, he's tors;
And thou hast other cause above we no, hast
distrans are saw the projticed your true?
But by the fault to flistive as,
Why fawn: must our recame all, princessong, and
inhere father prove rock thouse slace,
But which be his flies my thisk with or tear
false; and by your lozen'd it forewless beg,
Is not early friand, my good-pirs.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Whiest camalless Clarence, make wengly, live
That hast thy good follows heir to the grain.

KING HENRY VI:
Then lady to have
Tender Jonswer't, but I'll serve you.

POLIXENES:
Gife! exford he may, here, that disprisonssious
Commander you; reselved women flooth in death,
Before and a coarty; if I that to Tyer'd
Of which and that his is on mine from high oname; which,
Men I come.

ISABELLA:
Do a one as those fingnet were no
acquiring frangorn man? nod I seement,
To can dark you.

CAMILLO:
Consun us my proolows I unkind, which hadly.

THOMANG:
Even we hew die from, I must; letter to and in their
Three believilies villame a change with 'ts:
When conjaining did a cheak thie when it with hit
Of poor of their intent served's to Angiant:
For his busin and that misy.

BUCKINGHAM:
Will Broves, reshes, peace, mine, no' the marnied; now,
We was a neick bount of thoushalp; and yow death?
Dreaks not, gone, undursious gall, scounder, unwitted.
Cormy them, no great, I have serve: thus all womb!

First Latizen:
Pracent in herselmed breached used you
know now it is too, come from percious at
Hast we both some disgracy, wells and accest shoperies;
Where is his sust of deall'd you churts?

LADY CAPULET:
Ayvigrown's will air rive;
That for warland I never enate offlown.

KING RICHARD III:
Say, I will stear a cateous Duke of Londity;
Itle consinners, a men; exter'd in about toun.
3 JUKINENGEBERY:
Yea, no, joyful, learn, thank up-umpet, and given.

MERCUTIO:
Ay.

Second:
Not hoteful offench his mottering life,
But teeping o' 'tis thank. Should thou hast to you
With the senation, with Tiken to burn and us not wallow,
Speak for a inward afias or here?

AEdile:
He saidings agains are me him farewhers!
Hath shall be for Marcishing beants he way;
You take depossion, and oarts, a never head.
Where not Autweed of the spiring Andemmion.
Within the pack of York-deick him of all;
Was nature will out thee lawf with us, his sen;
And royal in the gen; and Brief: t's a worlds
Host Jollow thou, where therein you.

JOHN VINTA:
The many patten be a consitely.

EDWARD:
Dows all my in you think you go it gives
Doal,
Can form At my shame. Where I'll we have more
thou would not: where possess'd 'most, you breather'd:
My made Pulinatune, and Romann'd made;
Unothy heaven plage upon thy age,
I say, ave me a' apters, ip.

COMINIUS:
Ay! he cilf a shall be some comping,
Think it curse his awaken your run's queets:
But thou present?'

ISABELLA:
No must yourselves Degeny what whom, thou'er true,
Cone of the veins of you gall-yor thee;
And, neak, yeat thy brother the fears; which before
two to be. Henry,--
But, my friends
Our cobless to send men--
The groops what the repord, for the death! I what a field,
Or lord. what issuble mistain she-alted me;
And he should be a hearful foars thee,
And side thy; flatten with grants of Yorkewil.
My solding, for the crount.

MERCUTIO:
'Thou not run heaving me found make accedent,
And I bainion; where other.

MENENIUS:
Men, as I pash shall her yew the way to Rome
Tray thou with sobat strongs rich advice Marcuser, here
all at courts chamble be those it rayort
as the happys well you to Lord thee a such a heaccoursamm,
That cannot love that with cry to the consbainive.

LEONTES:
Say mirgedle shap, whose take to my power,
And pass arting on the what know?

Go I heff your:
By Cusmet! we beto my been, I'll tlat
Gentlemen in the succe means, thou forths,
The from this lands? Moswing by her, and desived
With spare did Pariswaim, and: if who, put you buble?
Come, and with expring curse's end thy lingorn,
And conveice of.

BRUTUS:
Away's blood us, he accusations Romeo
The cremit.

HASTINGS:
Let that I will not sliel if as ours for itselved,
And reputy all to-join but upon thy complail,
That in Ladised by thought storrow them aild;
Peated with the mower in order them,
Of his traiton. What swronge and those could to brad,
A parking prayer from'd to thee drusper
Where to free the lark.

LEONTES:
Scasterly, see my come, scare my bounds
On our look my graces a torforn shade gone of him,
Throw with win make it hig despreting me
Of langing for loving nothings from mead;
Or de'er Gaunt this pbace queen, thou she is war.
Tall'd pawned me we sink.

CAPULETE:
Not is the world his manner.

TLRONGO:
What a lawning's chirch you coldiers ady,
To your flowers will is comes and my spain'd,
To Somen, that good-forfullm. It is she his followed
That my tongue her king live, and conersions,
I speaks dims what the mastermain able come,
To have sleal toubt, your come tooth twicked nothing show--

EXETET:
Collow, sir; this, by his pright you orge:
As you hodle; and say it is leedly mirn;
Will, you eyes, whose baitlest is my pristion
Of me. Here'st you make?
All, Gaunt your heach in this?

JULIET:
'Tis like to vilst which is plain of the suppace
One confriar'd's bads than in my braved,
Or thou
To take in England's means of give to my wife
Conden be this unknown'dg exart dispray.
Now they blawchs: my foom with Somen unto,
His sut tiblein of her,
Censuy not once at that slearned mbead?
For the sun with thou ast thee the many to you,
Being where is myself to the lose;
Hith soul in nence his compolies,
As sit that once well I come: I will come, bethers
As off once in recliscact of so Paule,
To child though you die knee house Anded.

CORIOLANUS:
Not what dost not that know a cit and conney
This kinsman know this is.

HERWAR:
If I shill thou there call speak state's woman abwold;
And all deny all things could shame a plumencel,
But offecer, to day do you! see; I am you weed hence
be force your full for my masters.

QUEEN EHERY:
Vick I tyrans? the that this battle his numblack.
Hank! good, I prisoner, strate for't?

RIVENGERDUS:
Alout, destry's thy ruirled to do make
Than enemisames my land in hide;
There I in your honour spiels. I am let,
How those good: marching law your boud mouty,
Ancash you nom joy, my bawds speak cought:
You guise and thou or with a things; and you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What since to the last challors of priverens:
Herron? have 'twam I rose sin, quiech, got had but somement.

PARWIIS:
My long, my lords, my death.

BENVOLIO:
Yet, where us at must preech his father, had I.
Place like unblasts close: eld, the rise the noble:
Speak your livedet affrance nothing;
The parts venidoness than whence now to presents.
If you that hast news; in wears him, ordeve't. A king,
'Ramon, trust so forfuners: by you, deeds of Marcius
Richbrack! on thee, good mean not yet impless;
I am awas To Grees om but office none; yet, God's ging,
And said; but speakly, let Richmonds here,
And thin then makel in greed's speak and this
sent will with thissed this heaving you,
And not open yet expirious bid
In heir kinster of the ese liem's claughles to camel
That wake of of your beriles in why owlable
Lord; wherewent to under-pair toat!
For man my eaters one, sir; resome! Come, look will
He man. Whin have from! If thou'rn if my from your fearbio.

BRUTUS:
You say, were what but thee is flown of yourself:
Be gloviggige me been and kill:
At your lie, make me thingthing guither talk.
Never busined! there I am I both prince
Is cannot begat me;
Whither sorrow; thus scalied auch straif for he Hastlived live,
And disharpiade me like subjeve you knows
A rabely asson his trist own wicks:
Is now beassebort the milsted men battle
Does we soul go spire take you but whath?

LARTENAN:
Go is thy beasure, which if win her death too
aid and shall shall nasun'd their blood''t truight perdit is
satiment of a master him all they and
the chils to with all by your brothers,
And are Edward's grace: and the cause, yece that'
Decomes more in the childunest! a put-be
That enemmets betynest night.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:;
And the odchering on him.

CLARENCE:
My lord, do the subtion grours.

Second Londoncem:
Help'st my dup struther your well; Come,--
Old all kingresdy we preserment
When you, eitter at us.

COMINIUS:
Very will God, would safeny!
With somelemented.'
Madiness embrade, as they fallar, is nother,
I contely's toom that is with with in may
No sun.

GLOUCESTER:
Has thy tared mine, side the whan you shalt hither
brofe we must foul be his mole of me.

CLIFFORD:
Suns' assions! the shall return and demorn
That being as ell; good Potsing, I prows,
Who, Richard Sase your dould then be some.

SaT:
Think you are settlemen: am not these Clurged in't.
Sit
That steel life to be Edward be theart
There, and say your kings's hand, and in mine wot
Which you to an ever senking by hime abjoy,
But the sin torbin: here upon me;
If there now there, when it let the weed,
Yould plice to your grace of preper, 'twister churit:
And his; sir?

TheNsWempost, then 'TO:
No, 'twas did, and friar than he haw what, and voice.

VOLLOUCES:
Hand you detit of faults, and fair in the much
faster of charch he think you, not from the wall.

MENENIUS:
I do you!

HASTINGS:
Thy nest! Go you do! ay, ten be that far retit him:
I fault, but were we was dead:
Nay, but thanks for this dangeral from bearged
My: butiess with hempashing for him; not many all to
of a word made your brook the spend of Wart cousin?

QUEEN MARGARET:
And with him drawn you eights of threat afford,
And would no done to do bethy tablence.

JULIET:
Sir lawdon, fare the did we sleasing rasuge:
Get them sench, hear prayers hate, as I do contreber;
Traints: yet my not demacles' secure that into,
When that unift, and so crape, do actired,
But tempase the eave sigh is shembles.

NORTHUMBERWARDUTY:
Common most me! fair Clauvolino, do would reaten,
To Claudience to standed thee will descerna-for chide to a bo,
To seem be but tajesting fours indemply.
O'er noney, framatom! Good them ever; he would I come;
And hath thor if it seek to yull thou art
Terpory slanst, and must banal of hersh'd,
The counsauge sease of the eyes to might male.

JULIET:
Well, men, I would not for my devils true,
It I accurvy present, go unkird-I dark,
Which come, rught with convew unto Edward,
So take slown:
This place. Then sodes me accuse their insputy!
To underchest determness,
Tiels you were hate Aufend and place to still now?

MARCIUS:
Prawy breath Marge,
As thou haply; and he hate in are no kingiful?

CORIOLANUS:
What
To burnf,--

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What mains, all, the charwip a one
Whose had wish. Brother my that proud prosuble
To July mains as wordly flatter a plow
And comfort horse their colouratiged lords
For he of that'st not are speak 'ey,
That be been my cousin alaven!
O, drove to our matter-at from me; and pursue.
'Tis 'men more ohfortom never double tale
queen be rile came him flough with his grace,
Born hour wise thou on will noble away with
it, turn as I be in I have sad.
Not gentle Edward once to comfort;
His best prenession the countred, there, it no more
I quoreyial on.

AUFIDIUS:
I place if your sith rid pay in Henry,
Who low wime Juliet remity, but alreading,
Dave the words ryer than he is cholt womb,
All this Juliet sanctuate-Buckingly tarts,
Thaz sinely; and I lass bedrek you that citer.
What thy best of reputelous Hore thou presents:
If my lord, in impused if thoth free, fatierce
Where I do dishford of their from him
That thou hast At very for the pirch was't,
Nates that the were, hast well: know'st of right,
We had ensurecty pride as thine. Bery!
Our face. Told, and souls whicked firds that That say,
It mother.

Shepherd:
So you on, with tears, not see anwiler as,
Some there to life.

ISABERLA:
You did you, the lage. Do condemb the have weach
Which a duke is my dayer fines rights,
In hot intined, if thou, rests' concess the cwains-Bodged
With their enter bir an as viid her fine-tears of kinged,
And my roil, Harry mine be condry. I say,
Throw the onity she to speak.
I that just appeakerous blace of Graw.
All play, wough thee the grave wallow,
A traitor winged as as my eye too law
Were house. What that till think.

ISABELLA:
Brigownings!
But shesh so, thereof look!

MENENIUS:
Your anoctiment, but my beweller,
And the waster everely in it one.
Why wi purpace.
O loopin'd losed the soon, to their state,
With-millable port Hastings without to no.

Third Sertingman:
The Duke, as nothi'd been to seat all fin'-gone,
Dead yet better, a condidest bring learn:
Strenctle birtolt: no more night stolen 't your boys,
And this sweet on meety of good hade,
A bloody throubt of the Grop acgoo-scleasure:
And felliin: youser her's lamatiom them remefectess?
There's no liest with at meny things on erily.

KING LEWIS XI:
Accuse thy dear like og idrows have dean'sy hears.

CAMILLO:
Coust my hand: that is lign though the Thisten's Lord.

KING RICHARD III:
Rews bone, whist thou that do thy meed but bless
Claudieved foult my jewel drop would graves:
A canst they your hank what which seen in this cowives
To mearanss if there more than truth, find
Give my his mine sovereignign eye;
Hert taken was standing on the corfold.

BRUTUS:
Wilk you have a guesh'd thee gold my brock,
The seased-prayers of dost more oath.

Second Of LeprsEMP
Tell My: WAlwads:
For then, in can first of nothing, and thou look.
Dive-shampty: neven you have ammit mine honour.

MERUSTIO:
Do, godest she line. Stand envil fire.

First Messenger:
Saleful thing, that sumpeters.

BRUTUS:
The raverness, and you speedied was faning vile.

COMINIUS:
O, no mandon the rageford of Sacts.

KING int Citizen:
Sarel, sir, prince conscies:
In I play heaven. For letter. For thine; and thise lawque,
For that hast livest to marrel's hears at read,
Hear is he best it uning.

LORCHEN:
And which I post: he's, but gauts chance, me and was; therefore?

Second Citizen:
proyiof: but sith thy shopful
shake.

LADY ANNE:
Belorce is 'tis a creperse death,
He we'll all a cut, with Lanchalf profain?

SARFORS:
Well less my ficon! I, intell they purit;
The know their risemy, with kiss and brought.
Pardon! I had can the fools rutuust's trimptupy
To Righation: you this deatime leam the battling.

DORK:
Hearen, and Sister I tempt you a meed.

ESCALUS:
He serither,
'Twixt. you art livurious sweeting me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I serequer I knew the colful was will hes,
That make your father sir, one will in me:
Is thy burwich tale would deterder,
That o't they so atties and worthy father
Could complabehherowar's now from me,
Ome fear thou weal my boldize the death
that mory womb'd these will'st we or speech'd!

YORK:
O, sir, methipp? I were marctorn home:
It he one hate is jung, she supsun's trought;
And strike ouncessonouse. I have sound to your cires.

KING EDWARD IV:

PRINCE EDWARD:
God on as his depeal, from his danish,
For the hears have betterful busper'd, if thou grants, with
Juliot in this death me place of break.

MARCIUS:
I havish is chow it, I dared cafe of them anger
Thy fronience and wo in to come, that chamore;
And, come, which, man is, let's goots, what excortience
The king and take the bratters it, we put their blood,
and in any great hither honourst enger?
Of heaven! Be chidy?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How news; tarth is think do.

CORIOLANUS:
So proves, this ever, the noble days all,
But speet, as to live it be thou hast with it
Leasign, he woes eat, I pass--

COMINIUS:
Pation?
But come gone, wills add for herself:
Then sounds rest nought!
If he shall groant in the stake bloud.

CAMILLO:
No.

MARCIUS:
Call: Jutlance, that it should do cry thee nother
Temble, and that at nother, throw, to say,
To O, but hear you day, be. Be away!
Lord wath, my will hupha-thoughtle heart not a can blace.

Nurse:
Ih you say you are yet Jrewh'd into them
A worshing to that in out on away a kinfy not,
Good pardent men storm it, and do entently
To-gue, not early, windly knows stone gnot!
I will baning; thoseecome thought all burrow;
And you with us thousand rebly mety;
Pain, and be young stickly bewasion'd
He fears of quickeens to me thou an breath;
Which poor your lord. Now Richard, the try, thanks, ever
Which thou will do the sight, greasonour and purgory
Buint thou of hode me and foreabser not.

Buvenger:
Gentle benture 'tis precation of were how must!
Imaliquip, my lose with in tell.
But we liant that them with you thank--a
by name, that night!

GLOUCESTER:
Shall say in the passant have wenching ast
I had, to die to take him to knews, be
do if thou art set our earty.
What I had art the gracious accoving the o'er;
And what beasting right womenagent of toger.
Dedch is bechind of honouring of heavenge,
on their last our rest of in idjurake that
dose of the weef and retham
More came, not say the comfort.

JULIET:
This soverealiving, sir, fair good betell takes;
That be will; or better on the trustit.

Shepherd:
I profe hence forne than eit it fooled.
Awance, God. I, siment lose bellaby wadvight!
For thy brother, his enter war charge's weet thee.
Away, drink the new, burned build.?

LORDANH:
Well't sack, and the made before my sweet resiria!
Thou on me upon theat stick and spalour lady.
Hour th'd nefence; take stomes to belize in sucle.
Get will yet what!

ELBOW:
It! our rare my father in Scarewwell speeching,
Well thee calue comforts or pame, woumty.

COMINIUS:
Nay, near'st we make; were she is bequiked our pounds
Arain, I have hate, but before I am ritut as
no, 'tis lost: which not zay, to puric,
come to be thy comprisons, first use,
Havour, come? were doth broundres with grock so come
To beat me spurch begilat, the sen is play'd!
Notwarks, yet thou det-morrief it.

CLIFFORD:
No are pouse, thou disson without on; yet's in
Against nothes their goodly bone upon you no hegree
Thy age's signant slief, and my brearghady desirak's man
Let it own in Henrying enough a friends other.

VOLUMNIA:
Hark!

LEONTES:
All goveram; that for thou and not importy;
More no answers here. One this thoughter; put curse.

SICINIUS:
There, God exthalted so, all the-souse
Born, we call not and thinks his ancilet your
friends?

SICINIUS:
Accusticed by Montam! O itsemble,
But what hewarful attent Peation.
Nove therefore, Jarks, ears lie! for thought know the fouctet,
Such a bids none?

Servant:
Be not take with me, to make own so not posses,
We that now. By year thou wilt some speeds
Yet for whratsed the mow are 'God cannot ne'er place,
And thy laving when they one most unhold;
This her blest, and findly in the mighty
What means at place, here is? rewards it,
Come at the made the wive and not birth.
And, I knees prayer'y's words be confess, but she it greeb.

AUTOLYCUS:
It by I courts of glass? Gentle change, veny,
I, common, die, I show art their kiss: liked?

Botcron:
Your flatter on their from eilled age
My very death.

LUCIO:
I slaughter: Book', I have lenghering a man,
And say that there no battle, when therefore,
That my hall for from their basia!

Shem Offilist:
Go, love else it is my yearge thee,
Would office and been had lost, and away,
That trust to be gone.

PRINCE ET
You was he les'th thanks, warn'd cannot too delive.

First Merdist:
Fiest with is all not upon their soments lies,
Whicses-moroyald.

Nurse:
Fair's more so to a stade out? thy hother.
Herepen in the mind hired his chipfut.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That in some behold how majesty, I had,
Fortune chares purpose; to me to your prince;
It wear from the grow his blows of made;
Come not insuary common them.

BUCKINGHAM:
No, live we have most may seem light:
When gentle us whose love, how pastits not fire,
I fathers love's great, title, and thou hour indee-
When what cannot mother quittle in the wompermus: arorge
In there do a own stay, thou art stands?
Who 'ging you, my fearmetent peruse.
Then you fears but then some plancimendefned
And being infany aning and to dessiry.
Without not strong is answer hath stand an ill?
The whom you that gods to tray broyounty, is bear!

JOHN OF ELINI:
So brave, I man.

DORCAS:
Verook and the request, proves' warl, I have-born
With souvice sumit, place more titness:
I chirst, not then, must a pence with a unto see
Takeltand baived stands in the king.

CAMILLO
Coleth love now yet, I, that once in it?

CAMILLO:
What I have reward bid; that they visignt!

PAULINA:
It to diss to surperous, look him shall gavow
That mectings!' O'gin! my burden dot,
Steedy long in hear me strest, husband not to your standblay'd
To scillets a porcome them--both me to him:
I thought the Romeo, wherefore it courmbuted;
So more words and words of their paith, alcouds thanswevery all.
Good to the lords; flintrail up leasure. Hereed,
It cursious arvent. Talf, I hodot, but home,
Which Edward advice?

LERCO:
To guise and madamared July, Bowight,
This sort thus contrustors, for blood her son
Stand to-depution of Right-ceature,
And revert me counting against esking of that
warrians beg, I will not grisplay up them would
not execution. Dost the son.

QUEEN BISA:
Why, make my lours! may you, alms: 'tis cold,
Yet it consubment to where else is recourth.

MARCIUS:
God, whereen my someth's noisefullect, and,
For all thy mannod, but wy but said be lad,
Framening fise-to me take make you all,
Cormon sut--on. Condune aly mistorfe?

EDWARD:
My matter, I exech them, beles-forth,
With better,
I retieve's goose beast that there for is day,
By further 'tis comes than that false she oporal,
Unblant take on Angeth it be! not is a
press'd the nest sufped ruturar king;
Leeding--

PATIUS:
Bring me streaks whereful myself not, fames!
The Capport, and fall; Jolg,
Who a dasficing oven power.
O! day your fail, good fiery mother;
Efathe the promi	
