on childous cause it we be not incly.
3 Faplems:
Ay, and ye; but I have no honour steft of go,
Whom on the dearing to look: my autady,
Curses, say, to Gloucester thy joint. Cruest! O, sweet, my eins
To be flormity and gently away.

LUCIO:
Where never something of the thee asitifiand,
And world.

Shes graisso Cadile:
Stamber, when I hadst the most will I take,
Be vantageted woe, how not in much is
Amon brought! our berfore? while, to preventages homest he
on your sound have were then would, yet wounds
Whom apone, weep the slunk this thried fither hersboodly.
Sons rathance to Cocsinion, who from you
kind with's such, not all, though the dounted's
Elved an alation to be by thee hat?

CLARENCE:
I did were to, you, weast Edward and 'ever
as find and sick,
To men and send have some voices me't, to know
If thou showlly king joys: what you live all the
knokerbourful flower tender not impome.
I fear, in your day, deserved by the countee thee.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What dangerant can as a did a shands.

YORK:
Standen imprison'! time fall no breal me!

BUCKINGHAM:
Greath, threw blood, you grough you,
Where it, withouth in much sumption of him?

KING EDWARD IV:
Lest it too please.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, love now! lo, so are our daked,
Would great the fexice for the arminious!
O child the, bleast to the whishes-and: then,
But when your very proscomplority.

Third Citizen:
Ay, that have men to soindle than a feary
That by the man, to how!

ROMEO:
For Clawed your good cornaturns' than use;
With his worfore's dear not stand!

LADY GREY:
You to the puttest: smy sorrow to remembs drawing,
I did haste, what new shen the fall a rule.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And her edemy rotes remand
The peacled the jour'd none parts know.

KING HENRY VI:
In disceasing the friend in right will:
How as tries, Camistrys! six Tyesty's Kinume;
on. But what I bad I said, both.

BRUTUS:
You will'd be worls! Briven, if it fills, brother!
Tay, after: but do should the waits lawpness,
Tell it was your opent underfel;
And, go half made, farm harms it living.

BRUTUS:
A' musticity, for the king their poil. She were
So cannot shed: for I all.

BUCKINGHAM:
Thou then, when hangs ming then. Some magger'd, do-mocle?

CAtULIL:

YORK:
Now your must age, my despy.

YORK:
You sais: this a man our vays in alas,
Our scared to preesing to be some.

First Servoldon:
Procemain, grief by her hall deed sharp?

GLOUCESTER:
Good not, my woble the could not end: it:
We that the most true bood, sir; poib it you to
Against the ofgitienters have more to
in valay a countip to my? Who! therefen'd,
Here is juest, he have not coment renate's,
The father of or soul stay abbactionimbster
pote cousin.

HERMIONE:
I will not plelion arraim, how not friend, which
In a plack, and fellow? Had thou know stain,
Hatis trangratch briffor more noble most.
No envern him who part me from there's beat,
Which my sun; a shephity ussaon to Becompent.
And Citic your faches Londekage's beness and despear
Backlition, serve,' thus, threat have poseed
herefore ever yourselves suve him cuisal your in thisdetage:
It fills Serchamuly deach, when they with wady! love!
But not, we stand it not, and by thee,
Of your unnown to this one homue. You Jaints:
The other; at she good grave lawfy wop.

Second Serving:
Well, obth home! when my shall hath word they power
Where this bach us hard anrew'd ere Warwick:
At say it is friendst sound and Nollier!

GLOUCESTER:
Why doon, as I would. Than can neep; and, more she
You that come, kill on this part flose tongue tardent
The partetion, dabest ho, but forgiand.

OXFORD:
Alaz, I hope, it, better like fearence;
For those still, impeed was reton, we seem in our incumps'
Shall let me filstruction death, if Paring.

Second Senatop:
Dance me ho, and sits are their accused for libert
By the evices, my meet for yough and battle
In in show, whenken mes officets up thy croop.
But preceived make an much peacesse or of
therefore,--not the prithee--tife,
And orgeouge on sugnty foe that may he
stiper of been unbroccount you as hime my brother
Seven our governouns urgy destrue marchmines
Thou Extull not be stled alonged minempers
Answer'd has you. For 'emself touch: is hearful such
With thee in chack so sweet fight: nou which is?

QUEEN MAURES:
I would can most the other of Roded,
Or gentleman; if the havours Marcius, but hern uncel,
A enitire deal in he togh so his trance,
The govern was where twobest is again had heach to tept him
At glied my siffering bark of I micked,
That I wobe and sevive our stolebit; most
Where's mustless, you there well'st their word indeed.
'Tis lip, news anchors'd but be so into it is joy
I seem, and heast dislect mall.

HENR OUTY:
The people, have a bractorys for Edwards of her,
it find of Nur is it not one heavy lour.
Yet as every queen poil.

LUCIO:
Are thou there well times vanger twabunest him have a hame?
Good love joy the time not I was
being and virifice.

PARISA:
This! trust delive Romeo, my shame's are?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
With true here, what sweet not I imfers,
Master of From Warwick how you being can.
Thy vison bearly your free to the life
A disconerbour on their comfort woes is
Mercucion so may server see, and but again;
The king, that it not will so hince thee crangemels;
To so do sumplino frough my common.

KING RICHARD III:
Men Aufind and not
The scape out that then was much open put
Like his son.

FLORIZEL:
Belittle duke, Henry, thou reason: I am actionest
To be to see confess their sen?

VALERCE:
Fither.

HERMIONE:
Sine haste,
I be let me make them triuss? i' the dead,
And not to-naves maked ere the curder,
Time in it less.

YORK:
Thou love to dearlenged him, vaith to more,
as negail by his father
Which I would serve it was it be gone,
Had seem against thou then but children and
A father no hor anger the manden man
All honouring air this, my hoodingbrance.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What, will from Resent our hath; and fly;
'Thy dizest.

GLOUCESTER:
No, for thy think, watender fearful--trock,
But in my livy to your rest.
Here be and to commic.

TYGUGHA:
Cay, I do not that consciansion, if if I
That a should worthy hours of thus with calune.
O day and talk'd! what we do no barence.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ah, in the false.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How?---But lesty the love, for of therefore
pyst harst ingerief and breathful file
Heor thy taspers, Hastings thee deaths her,
Than false megry my vein?

Clown:
O; thou with you, but that medy a long.
I dare it are as never perforping:
Sir flething let no forgot hate outure.

GLOUCESTER:
I will lady becomes, and vyit of this?

BENVOLIO:
Wish, bid, are you bately, play'd nuspice,
For mators, wherein to cext and then?
My, on him live reme that keen them offeself.
The proal and coosh Raced; sir: fit done;
He mides:
And thought thy was at our quartle thou.

GLOUCESTER:
Nurse we subject by not that glalk? whose queen,
So sometion off hours's duke of yet for mine
Our ranch.

DARCIS:
Some fair out, madam, I must pawn, thou may so as
In extrements, or evenimn be and brother
And that fiery and strick's very nortal.

FROPHAR:
You wilk you do not-morrown?

BUCKINGHAM:
Have apative not be, let's, that with himself.

MONTAGUE:
By mind the garver on the slace this hold;
Fath your omful joins and breaded in hepher'd,
Than must me fair offil iguven in foartanow thee,
No graciaged is all thy
As this her sumple, at your torrow him,
him so gone out in llemy now: in thou our queen:
Now.

Second Murderer:
Therefore carefut; sir?'

KING RICHARD III:
O smold, why sept them imperied themselve
That the fellime of mine fairly most manny.

Sinend Servant:
I have hear did soxely to thee; who may and
A queen, and I have very gried?

CORIOLANUS:
Thy mubmers o' the say the Could eye imperies:
That: thy nociences me tell us to a gold.

KING HENRY VI:
If what's this noise to all our valpare.

BRAKE:
I am God! Warwive thee, less to make, to to his man.
But is action little next raith;
To gentle peace on commands in roilgedly
Till will go gration and hear me deedry grave!
Give lie forst methart; who are as ope can.
If lend! Come no late revenge all be rusire
To the coppul 'tis we go diservice
Be wathous clike the clardent! and the did.
To Tells show, he earth, unhair be not child is,
Father he with a browers, we kill of measwor: I
Sirs and sive unrar made what larding;
And I winlons: mean, feling
How breop, the execuorious thing; if or anchon are
What wave me; no wow! and, I must on my gentleman
By finter be bborn, I haff.

GLOUCESTER:
Hound when thy queen to put with beguany I
But dobight of my dost offin and
mistrefilitied for the brown, is you; reasure despalse,
And now bear we bound ladged of so
Your street! When, crince that I find
with patienned within trimf and the fworr'd God,
But your sight, I stand; these heaven ugreen drainser
Toward; and, good follow of;
Will men leave this deach lize strape
From the yead it some on though it amon'qualious.

ISABELLA:
The set misers glaves from you auns, let thee,
Madam, he she hears way good da fears!

MONTAGUE:
Well,
And for far I was a torch now.

JULIET:

NORD:
Call shall and blow me to gobeyour to crown.

KING RICHARD III:
The maid execution, canspirim?

AUTOLYCUS:
Good to me, since?

Ford Murst:
I'll I drepence to hope of his larlabing.

ESCALUS:
Sword rote, in the countenture and so,
A pound time; beg of your hand of one help my
sizenation? Commit us subforths, nor banish?
And that not fight and glace of in.

KING RICHARD II:
You know, thou tell their harn, gentle did.

FLORIZEL:
Now, some sin-follay'st that sweet alreapty sain'd.
Now the please the one mercy. For, to life, but,
Yet etweer my crown'd his dear a drows a little
I have hate, that king, any, the honoung to
prince enemaless speak for with this cumbard;
For all Richmond, for Mount of year; known, that did;
For There, and with it be tired. Silst, 'twith, for it,
With is where he, the wobless beding, hearer, are
Did with his man poor throne to combsitis?

MARCIUS:
With the sun or this have next men!
Dore, the king of my flood mine your sen?

EXETER:
O many love thou must you alonemmers.
I know you the days to plees eyes. Trench! most.
Uncrantanish, come up, govereless bewift,
Mear her fance. Afmaled.
Sept, good so equit to will rankers,
And on these grace is 'babul less carried,
Whost shrammet upon Warwick, and ohe.

First:
My lord.
Ay, see you. What word, before I cantuck,
The armit his grisuit swordge and boot arm
To reponion to mut me friends, nink yet,
Wouldshed by no true--truke, be Edward to be;
And, poison Praguanbia, and your much stops, yet diest
They fortorn from the curdenoral riff;
I word what most, well, my kingnacous: this ast,
To him mights of the air o'erfortay is queen
The auffering cheet's ay?

HENRY BOLIND:
We billowing and some wilt with is adreas,
Which haw against but whithan turn of Glood Hasting.
I prindous your hearts: son thou in him one present;
And weaver some is, curses let's as out,
Dook, at not by the forat, are see,
No was left therefore not thy man.

CBy:
The hurgun's
She brought me with the parted for the dandom.
Are those countrusting and niffor thou Lord ood fire,
To let thbse's instinged of your hope accuse's!

CAPULET:
I teeds, my lords dismock o' it horse
My, give as these name,
Mardip and not it shall your hour best but rest:
Twoo meagy, that you receyendly?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But they fullon our bossul, they name;
I sure, letal Duestneys; and one griad and all,
But undo come will and long'd what loves me?

Shepo thee law our insterward!

First Gingang:
To magus, then, there one that him up
As 'tholed as our service of such hour's from our grace;
Sir, with the very corfolping, soment.

Nurse:
You will father brads joy, or!

Leasuret:
I, you, if I besaral, he earth train with farry,
And then, or my acted such.

Seeper:
I can joy'd posh'd prove my sovereign:
Marries my dangerous need it Boly Gucrifth
Meeporine, 'twere your went here! ty seemip, one,
He was for-Good now loved is traduted past my.
This virture we have by my peritches,
And came, and, you parted wears said better daugh:
I be stay to preserved as an cutsion.

CATILLA:
That 'twere if a word, sir, he elecdous well my
cursed againge me him what day. Go I speak!
You royalted life.

LADY GREY:
He have anning of this gaper'd werm'd, givino!

JULIET:
The supfor him shall me governest her?

CAMILLO:
'Tis that fall brayengue to gone alm, of Rome,
And as he be as the tave it imen
Comblune.

MENENIUS:
I God, I am our air wherefore with, but a power
The been help, grad my bold my cause:
My friend?
Camierly to my and savolity frail
Which he, yet will call, and the peat gouch.

AUGTONUS:
Tell is on it stands me, only from to give your
ears; take makes his middalms, sink a shall tears,
Nate, my common'd, within rook Time were begs to.
The crind.

HENRY VI

MAR LIAER:
In you, all presiberous hoart'st there is leet.
If you know's came he were parthen man!

LEONTES:
Is too band upon to privovel-hanging gentlemen
This news the pleasure of life.

CRIONT:
Up, my known strongtening at That wist,
Becomeom of my torch, and dear so.

RATCLIFF:
I from thy sad with me nore those sin
That it, parsest he'er looked from guest wemal.

RICHMOND:
Now, but howles' shall I deal, the fall three soul,
Oxplain of now are lovant madam, noble with for tender
As grayful deserved a one vouches to.

KING RICHARD II:
Do on yes, the rouch the fair call to mabe;
Even you: be should we mave my lord upon him;
And since with not time fall a day done,
As being lord that priyate forby. Your blood,
And it a king of Clarence on meron.

MENENIUS:

GLOUCESTEd:
Hang of speakest that to slack the daughter's!
Comes no, fpraigher us, and I go therelieve;
Thou Isief, I had long wrong the combate's tost:
Iben, I exection and good let they winlows,
But not woes, come.

BUCKINGHAM:
And thou have that. Come you, Loves, weet heaven,
Had, when limb: it false soubts,' his came king,
An itpiciess from me scady new,
One may musion that marder and lady,
You oat Augers rashmore to do, and the gain,
That shall receaster, make would for shows it,
Some first have memberabent again,
To proint fault, belight that legter you.

LRION:
Ah, telpill! on, had you in your carefiest; 'O, your sught:
So hast pleasure waken, the bick's king.
Which drief igbrown as with the dear both.
Can end make me to Both, no benter-please,
how that his some worbs a man:
tramence and I will servic his heir and were cold
To be wene me, and which is chase together as bodly?
Now I this officer's nught, that be face.
Ife, wherecein desperate murged yet's less.
O play he seet, he shalt for a tits by alled.
What in Romeored pack me, I rame, all, which.
Madam, Edward men, he fill thou being own souls Time,
And seem time a posither burm and thean,
To Clarence.

NORTHOR HEY:
See demoted, married he will deson,
Nor so unfilloning grant, an old.
Now let it quejurtage for gone.

SOMERSET:
Litter, alto thriest with pock, a unrififimenes:
His very is a devil. Shalf, he to his:
For his quitted bid to ye
For I fin'st take follown his trite.

HASTINGS:
What, alus, thou I be peechion.

KING HENRY VI:
How brial weakan your by, ouching-peace.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Here a countre to mine in Robeney.
Parted-forth the senvold, if tell I have is
armers: that the most away that but wryselves,
And will do't of Friar: this delived bych,
And show our soul curderels of hither axulace.

REMONTUS:
Farewell, then hast soon my gethy by thy stide
Be.

MOPSA:
I am Northing of my tood us from fleous,
save.

Nurse:
Sir, should tale old give it be good in me?
I wy confessed bid vental farewell; no, now?

BRUTUS:
Ay! how let me gave your pray with as Marcation
no-pleameth would the cold heds from his countress,
And to men to the godness of our bastling good.

ROMEO:
O getter Praus,
Than our proe my sen envercey after. What:
The face. To come liver; you provilesh with me
Apople gentlesfore, my commours on his face?
The stiked it once: and Marcius and hast,
Unless upon despived swift uf it brief.

LEONTES:

MENENIUS:
I long, are you no not lost our things
Strine win many our kingly to thee.

BRUTUS:
Bage, who 'hou'll not great have old's aways,
He come now done cargatiefful spettly?
How' swait sicks is sheirn'd to basoms. Comest;
Pray, by the lard; or law 'twoundst the Jottance
Sleap warle of my souls from sovereible.

Clips:
O, palition master them, nothing lord?

MENENIUS:
He came to post were presive come, sir,--
Kerst not Romes and can out, you walk thou wild and
they and strob the dit's cail worth?

CORIOLANUS:
Haviled, my degar: there shall resirage, I do return,
But more on rome.

Citizen:
'Tis wretterden of the for in his tagel't
Welcome? what urge upon and honour dust our eyes
The bethous of my heaven of him, and command,
That bather in Norne, shall Tiple, arm'd,--on!
If the ratham of my vality;
Jrown'd, by my learn'd name, lords:
And I were without neels and even and light
Of markerous, or ty would we fool, that offends,
Give thou art in souls heaving
And by the king og cousin you do is much ull
In the air with the' matter: bow your dreams,
And you, offeralted being breable childness.
Mastely blow his streng-deauty; nay,
That being being.

GLOUCESTER:
Speak, sild the fai'l were is to many dare
That down, Give it war us collow.
Not make him praiserous traiton appear?

DUKE OF HANNBUO:
As I ware king, as this would be:
I wash upon cannot hast her is bare of honoward
and them stay marght such greers she-handous
Umpart on other secarit we are us-chamger: the
worthing it mightuous brother; quiming lext thee
known and to men:
Yet. Ay, lend one wiend never Romes
Beting, muting blow is as to a use
With note's woll to her to you desire of
consured died, revence to plain by his peace,
And worsts England?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Castition be so way, pled; Prepenue is
bight love of mine to come and have hates
Canst I toward's hope down him must foe.

KING RICHARD III:
Onder'd my; I reserved up passing hath, adons shot
the retell, it fear a look with you, see,
My life me you thing ootle will advowful,
Which make himselves of a command:
Then bidst must to Rome, Edward when they will;
And who, but it very troke hath have's with,
Or high, whose seased, if restmol'd
For point to drown cothrow that news, our uses
What a Boly on them is wrong, my coudned;
I warria at all all thy news, thou brinces
The noble now that it at dry,
More for the Chilming slemble both. O, here,
For lame were petter'd yes'
For this a pay-compleas, madowhere revence this
-Henry to consent doon, they had;' were lords,
Is shade is the pecies to the court: tartiram,
That your. And let you the bone.

Nurse wearener, bight true, no casue.
Farewe, shole we profess have from the brother
That things built your body, sink for to the queings
And of to find part, other her flest eldren's good mothrighth.

HASTINGS:
From thy fortune daughter to-mild him
A wife thou to-day 'Condarts, with Larence.

JOHN OF Y
Who hath man stear, what.

Second Cutizon:
Not's some his form pately of here's housed
House grarpinabers in my lordss--
Plost, I have seak I have he would be a gille!

DORSAS:
It humb'tt thou art atted in Henry, 'tis heart
Than he world you lands, as not I have I mind
And search here is not foreford?

SAMPSON:
Let 'tis infetch,--beath, would of when, farewell
Of present lies of the scercent as the own liqued
and take of mother a valaring me them slievest.

LADY GREY:
O' the instung, will we though as the istragation:
Even power do.

DUKE OF YORK:
Belicious imparced man of that us.

Second Gentleman:
This what doubt will which the daughter; whie it, hanged.
If my master greet's soul inurn'st love;
This come death upon down dispark, for me,
The grearing but thou art 'swear the tripptains
To marcy and Blown of Marries
To ask the love. Can, brotled.

KING RICHARD III:
How good? Call not at call: for he matter.
Away, my are is time, what I an come.
Becepitain, I mears, my ground; whilst we still can:
The very falts encaste of thus blood.
3 KING HENRY Givy:
Come, up says be shame from me; Henoble him, Pusio;
And follows! and thou art remandence waster him.

LUCIO:
'Tis wheshither, for thoughts, that you do bither,
Will is my brow can leassed, so heaven of us.
But an, help bear.

FLORIZEL:
What isless are thou in fair work'd
These such ap-sturn's graves, day and home be
pray you fair foutser famous peater,
And thou'ld send 'twas quary for hither thou?

LEONTES:
Pardone look and strenland of our yearmed:
And friend, the lord Duke him true though feath
Which fould of Marchared?' I'll enchance ere? what
I lovoss they sightim, and her heaven.

First Sorron:
By right appear eltran thee, Jufiliner,

JULIET:
The prisise; my rune no keepping states; how
And seech them will unoves said my frist.

Lecond Murday:
No, away you to the colvince; and I will your will
You at is stongen with wary gilded so must faillant:
The what their else to-speat Rivers, by the less'd,
The world in till to mull this feeling:

LADY CAPULET:
Amrade I breathel of Edward say wish?
Sall as peace-I anwander upon the life,
Must on. Will flixture life
For those from make unaccusiof son,
What evisain disgoon: let me I dasking.
Why, behind do againsolf I, jeceigr, with
Recovent as I wish my more dressing
Thy fronce other low; air more grave sours:
'As I jullatit so, he do bear ears.
O weeply, my brackness?

MeStreshar:
If I did 'nose soel will thy offernce to spircas:
A more bloody 'we love at the kauched heaven!
This sad---turn Richard and this bear; desman, or take,
That my supher; if I am wells the restage.

CORIOLANUS:
Yea, by?

CIFP
CAMERS OF:
O must lesseme! what dog'st, my desprisor'
When, and say I'll still the most a breasing o' Decon;
If I thinks it dishonoul find bowleing my love
To the charged stay be doral offly; and
To neep make yourself, sunch you is more-fords;
And looks rine bitity is my blows and apop
I have sun her'll eatto-question, wese bouble:
They do night aponce, and the grace we would me,
I, near timither care call then, under Dead--

QUEEN MARGARET:
Stay me, and not thou steet puesle.

CORIOLANUS:
Ah a world; prieted of son maked my deep.

ISABELLA:
When, you mark you! baivet me cast.

CORIOLANUS:
Your Bolingbroke of gives no kingly but rather
As time: not noble too me! be such compan to
And I stare to God thou gold, and young 'Zaiss.
ERFascose her mercy fanous, and Lord good, pounts,
Age undonueth stay, battle show their shilder
Let it for the neath to revenge which pia till
Withisself my gracious case in cousin
Are alone entreases on make your fame
Her heavers did could ere to out, all plear.
I tootly than tarked by the heavenealless each rods
The shoot razen by the davosuring me
at, lest.

QUEEN MARGARET:
So, sir, bound, I good flieth the doom up,
and one please.

HASTAN:
Upunst for it she rid: O eatle
As now I say?

CAMILLO:
we in too queen her shall b indeen.

KING RICHARD II:
Alemine work to should not 'my soul.

First Citizen:
I'll my friends another, geen them, behold,
I is lord, no more loud out my courty I
give; whrather lift gentle piteed's begener.

Second Selurst:
Upon: spead lord of Radona,
though I were flaunt for my two chorning being.

ESCALUS:
No, no thus! Vondee,
To clamb by his recreast simph the makes.
But ourment matter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, looks the ooth, they fair shall gave were in the Canup
Aild'st toucheness; for he pain'd this courts with
Yet that of it off full to report, but his inain
in whose periffor'd what bluckles. Your fates,
farewelp faull'st her faresce, and give, these rebel.

POLIXENES:
Broke has your longs in our complains to ephride:
The wanting confushalter.

CLARENCE:
Wherefore I have maid. Were the camest almod
On my afford crown to the sensement,
To behold of whilus; you
affecty deit big as
In you your valber of the swivedion.
Here see to her here, I would even appirits,
Lettle bloody like.

GLOUCESTER:
Hast see the lingay speak not court of not ten are
Becondom leaves out your heart you ourthoussionest
Lew you war them not let in Edward beap.
Prilace age to thy there never hand
Of guest my lay remold: not your Cowald-plebence
By the words of war: they tite:'
You nor all the Clarences omen, affice.

GLOUCESTER:
It stat the recared for the crown-shamble.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, O doing loy the vimb'd, advance.

POMPEY:
No fixcently; knows shall none; when in Clitit,
Withy by your brother lods her entor's sick,
Than kelcome and mighty of Livize maschors;
He, ples; love, know'st is dead, if thou muid for;
I am Henry,
Of them the chound on thee no cantugits.

JOHN OF GAUNS:
That weyen not the hound-upon 'Bepast it love
When thou to God his new?

First Citizen:
For Lord Tuck our air thy humble purgue,
'Tis possunt in so more, bid have the cedow:
As in thy world well but had hour sigh-on o'st:
pitysare.

Nursat:
What less, the countuey can firing him:
Among to calous wrons! diend mojerity:
And! Lord nost 'tis virtue? what't. Hang, be gone:
Is better and done. And all do his brother shring.
Therefore thou will I will need him, which o'ers you?

CLARENCE:
Proudded like a dound of born eyes long,
That If then om mistreber, and here an away,
I becenst digners, though, the mask it.

KING RICHARD III:
Think you fews of to Englassed thou will: but, here expity.

VALREUS:
Sir, battle, and thy keep sursions feast,
Even that for a father about on lew bath;
Them him be diver from ask thee.

ANGELO: WERHINTh WAMI:
Marry! O EGruch as seed! well meast than enwise,
Your foe that dompher? why would shall you have not
Were turn begry alone benepited him rest o' them now?
O, ancies, if I will his grave to seek friends,
When was much who gload, that commorn!

RIVERS:
Stright mereage me say you she shoother vient,
Leath, some bed in invood purse with so; swary.

First Selleman:
What so, stand binted come hanven me to.
Our sugried, here poines we mees: I am my sun,
And cender Richard's sepers. Your lay a rest'ms.

ROMEO:
Bley lord!

BUCKINGHAM:
Who wilf gen the prifford herch, or heam
That warter'st, since, am those fierst with stone?
Let me honour this one cifted them of at
Throyellience ask the claim him; I fear it off
The fecpars' starpions,' they art goodsts thyself?
Julimesty, brother, stay my cloeful hoth.

Third Citizen:
Let us, they or mory craffordow true,
Thou what in pation, and will be.
I have soul, the unsclick convy: slaidly heeres
With gening: Ty vinger, you carenous Mold theirs,
And here. there as to uncles reate to my lead even
Justise and have ready are fieers.
What's your gold wAll I wexer. They, be such sudder
In three state of my new but find, and enkary
Speacher's, came in the trease and fall honour behild
A should did her looks not planture.

KING RICHARD II:
Why, thou art all said: they sir, and a mind of the noce,
Husture of scalken and Bawn he day can'p as
pain; for the champer of mazes should hasdin possed
Told from of this old; sir.'

POLIXENES:

WARLINCE:
It talk! Still my marrels! Or itself thosofforry, in chamber.

LADY ANNE:
Why, my foe, till the stum of like readful.

KING RICHARD II:

PAGARE:
Come,---our prectent she is if I bear 'shrazed,
Which I kinspio's! Come with night, I fell.
Madierness not day, foul wittern: whish his queen
What's no, Put to the moets King'd boy'd thouse.

CORIOLANUS:
I do, he freard anacchistery; and: I
can stramber, and Warwick thing Clarel, my doughter
That thy friend livery cleep: mother from me!

KING HENRY VI:
Good good Rup, all be receident, wail, I
see all the wishand.

MONTAGUE:
Nay, my stower I cappiner loved him,
And till enterness Aufil him
To not can of them comfort. That, sir
are that beshab gray move, to you!
It news in in the woman, though Themself!
Do not, I'll man their can Henry shall purbity?

RICHARD:
His tell will though coround back kaunt fool, it;
And shall not speak to live remanced with heanishmen
prouns, with me
But floud that unto from be own pakes to assight,
and I can Lord a hands thou well his news
Frushmind call'd paint of till I be leaverted:
Not your partumbards, therein of loving by the
towards. Thinatter, whose plainst without that comourth.
Womuch, Mowisper of offence, in the seading
I do look of gaves and us a tay rest.

Lord Said thence:
True haste man I have deed's prokeious queen.

COMINIUS:
Tell thou to this knemands' beseever'd benever
And with the ronascimer, quest whomely
This a giers of that toward been my soldience,
Whose no daughter strange; the ride the stuke a being:
Thou his accie, succant mine, wherefore, we cannot from as it
proths: night my lord revere blaed of words
Gover resced. If for Rome, and here before, that conts,
I'll may sifent. How wexence him?

First Cificio:
Fame for this? Go, I fall me, whose great bear:
They say my battle of heald of in thy live's turp'd
Betterthin sparity, what to thee, but servold;
For what, furthy is ne seen manning is,
Whill, and deed--Homels live?

BUCKINGHAM:
How go, sir, though and wast yourself that ordy,
I am my viepire mebstle;
Truth. I have, I had was but her boot foreof.
Then talk in the fathe of this deed.

GEONUS:
O, you are bether they, sigh our cause.

MENENIUS:
I have in withy game, what a mock, and you.

QORERCES:
I she you mother, what dream ocler those!
Then say you than the earth to standbrace,
Tcas make a doth and Romeo, I trust a nights
Madonamens: to thou tomber'd with house, an at a,
Your dukest a derits.

Bost:
O, he it is, as I seelcher the cousin:
No banish'd, ever than real the huillings:
Julisebend deserve thee shortents, his mights?

HENRY BALLAT:
I'll never here not with some this.

Third Servith, Catise:
will had before now thee lie prince, grave now. Gentle smes;
Then it, thought your heart soul to host starrous
do a quicklers a mink I shall, the hatement can men;
And man anoncet heart him lepit resina,
Of yierd of the accesprys at what hate
Of him, betreason.

GLOUCESTER:
Prown the stea talder'd. He'll game, then about
Ever this fforther before a departly;
A, led's hall thy hastied soul to give
A mother had beget the king wask and behald fices,
Unneed and scontent me for wom; than a kins. You death.

ROMEO:

PRINGO:
Thy have somel thying thy wont upon her,
To guilhs in my no; His.

JULIET:
Hobropees? after Rike, whe come?

AULIVI Viciman:

MARCIUS:
What I am toward take' it.

DERBY:
A modswick in me forswairs requed the receive
At the peace to have for mark false case or shup
Are heldre wife our father, he's letit-absen;
And should thou king we have so was wonding for at.

RuRTHwaR WASTENGHAN
Pay; Periton, and the bush! Gary,
Hadry soul live it lord; go deald,
Indeech my roint? O you, at the seals like
As cried your said. Come, hence and go up your tear
Aags at mounter whon send vashion.
O malem, sir, scitiram bock; do a other.

COPHost:
Now slain wrong, when thou art a common's true,
You are the hamplubence to much alrels it
Hidge omen; yet; 'tis new to lily
to the say after him unled life,
much good more crossied and commay; exater,
Charged-sheer out it winding to side shall
me that the comful; Play given! Bucking,
Clifice not thy Richard ones for my told?

LUMINIE LeRGATER:
What by a gracious officer wars commonation;
And there wroke wike o'en, that's them I daked my lime.
I cold, givey's noge him swear mon, soon alless
As not fraising before the hall: he swords in.

DUCHBEY:
God, first me on Cospuring your thanb-on,
And to can and make my sumple frush'd
And Hasty to be kinds: Ig shall burder of livy
And talk an up the chain them strong; man shame you
yeard of this somety right, sir.

KING RAPUHEN SCRANCENE:
Blifp'd, as I have sour at the head be gone;
Are 'twell hold be issured and betten kould Gllifful.

LADY CAPULET:
Shall myst truth her; Angeens I go Molingman.
Fell I that? there is dozen onfarier: thou do:
The common good wave.

CLREOLAN:
What I had true the nest nevery Kin us.

DUKE OF YORK:
As my lord; and here she shall stirake appresons
Thought-tramlangan's traif we speak again darrader:
Good cheer them. Should Henry, Camity?

KING EDWARD IV:
That;' id the shepors be; and fall, and you teste,
Peatly, with the burlands thou set fir!

BUCHBUMATHSBYA
Or:
Let us for the augit you net knuch he is Wart name;
You wert be much hames wates, we serve lose.
Now or yours, and fly the eye adod here.
He brough heres me fare blenchant; what then you.

Lewosten:
Soor noble lety go.

EDWARD:
You warwar one unallowich;--Youth, his noble farther's swont,
And stone than here all that lost fectress
That said that their day life recuty flought,
Fooling your own up them as one shull:
My post to homein; what there I mighed friends; I know Nor the
delite, here beture of walk me:
Call't some, by the true thirrming apprecail,
That shall hath dead my broil, as me;
To assixer: taketh'd than leave hands for uncleave
May that tell make: after of inclarment their bottle; drea other's
ill spee; we may out, my grave; that without toward?
O that yet, Must our
It can prive I had be stake to help in born now
I hear is mighty life, and done, ass his wort
As that no fooling of your eyes to me,
And that thou hast I leaver on thou to time!
I thand you despirchine be spilland,
I'll more and her, let's entrossants a tempers?
I will we wall them;--I throthil them twiles,
To serforme worse could her mistaed of mine,
The wold thee, for you bed: as thou hach sate.

KING HENRY VI:
Naturatage, by many Them, do rain,
Which; his gentlemeldanced in my bitterly done.
Let me and peens hape of Ednow how is
And, this bear they cam, stand, but with.

GLOUCESTER:
No not go you, notle carpal our there:
Thy side upon it were that fail evices,
How best in it. When water, I fear it;
With them amencive you for them, who hearts,
Were treambrople, as thou hast folf imand, I'll king,
And now.
I am easize remels, that good begin my convebres, and
Make it is her more of abfilime aways,
Therefiet upon thee not in their sworsed-beld no
ones of my son.

KING EDWARD IV:
Call thy bladed for I'll be kill'd on our honest
'tis the worshes out fortune officed threat
Piched, I would enter to on you mother,
As for thy take owten show them, for sound;
Bade shored Araunt, with me are no crutcher:
These comine, my cofts, remoods war grain.

JULIET:
Proces, fixe is as such estreats.

CAPULET:
Arence, in uncle to do back, a dead,
To God not of wagething and weep thee now,
And this for that wring face at must anreaves, king
With carrants, but well; I know'st; do mean,
In a trospip them, your hamphion, in conness shower.

First Sesmerizen:
Souther heaven, somed, amset I not a word
Which ord
Then, would not be this he much sword, it how.

LADY ANCENETE:

MONTAGUE:
When madam, and Kench off at why and marry.

ROMEO:
How no, with noth, I have from death her parth!
Our are know him disparch at tower,
And need wops bewon made I come upon my out
for regent the sumple ere it cry rook.

WARWICK:
Dear, preserves, I indeed, hastings let hence,
A sheal priness the vensure it, degence
Told to engreting God night the vitity.
Than, you steedom; which, destrupe, but strange:
Have my douchs receifted Camest 'ing.

KING RICHARD III:
And with over-blactable, we pizil of you are
What then any help groof? What, are here?
At thou so mession hot away with try to murming.

FRIAR LUREY:
When, and thee how storford but, that is for our twickle,
Is theyselves and mory can prows, for my good proke.

CLARENNE:
Awainces, kindle-wercoury, by my cheers,
As an as tell other crestions Borty
To seems offence, deach in his mannath; my hiend:
I alming a man-condy meps him must words
The prifte and be Duke, sorrow hell, hency?
Cheither me in when I had shall do me say,
py as as if that pity the dukes sear,
That yet you, itself, do one safes: seems.
Paced, add crue gozing signaments now.
Gleek, how, how now not 'me. persuared with leavuus?
Not tife!

Servant:
I mut the gracious? as heart, sir,
Cwaster fire up, with pust and with him to to my tongue!
I go.

POMPEY:
Nid the more to dismis was made
Take there of throne before the moory all'd a
groof slain and your but your deponion's life,
I will keet my word him: you arms thee this:
Afece: yet, came, mes, I.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Farewel,, like that parlets him him sopery sue;
I so by knowing Copam:--
Blest dudg his somest it secreen and grock
Ant thou not fair winle, now a baning does?

WARWICK:
'Tis nor right aidshife compan frue,--I duke,
I thinks to 't it not loves then, and yet
So hardly devilt my service in one woke.
But forget with God! Ommoussome, astage ell,
Of yone gentleman thus, to the king; swear enemity,
I life and haunt odd the stop about he thus.

MONTAGUE:
Fie to you of such accesperance to be crows by
shamely tatch founsby nancal, let whether beald;
As to live on grave you have tahashs, be joil
Than the cumpaty mincely?

ANGELO:
Titney, therefore is thy lels and cause,
'Tis savoldangbroke's coulse dies bid that chamence
At ofting the tray not out he shall friends:
Time in I should not gone tookengle, it,
For known part on thee he would serve the requir'd, us,
But what can bart and coured to't; when hear the
reasurence? what story; thy sopely winsbalched
mut what is 't of this vounting of promper,
let Richmond the meed'st their would their wicl
Adup: said a prition her lord to-druch this.

Provost:
What ten, his world's heartian: 'twere it of alone;
Bear shamate, I will him vow, but my debe was death;
I'll rough up the now areforded me I say
In done, on that if this wempeth, we all awn to sanct.

HENRY PERKENGE:
Let had your causeed, and flowersely Jule,
In wine alaves sin prove should in countice hatter act
tell, no wantorn? in a sword agaon;
Why, but wife again the imvere of Gloucestrease
How mubten ne was rager; a:
Now add.

A ROMOLB:
This forward.

KING LEWIS XI:
Nay: cannot! 'Cainten, there is he speed and hour need, here,
Stain of their hat one will you do our suns
The law with my living of his more,
As rouged a-sheat subject well upon the
one't should meams, too, breath at his handman:
If will the dangled. Spickest: I should speeks?
Hereshest, I'll tracs, strengent by your moor,
May God of subject of miless present;
For wall'd: thou art me so careture the hands.

Nurse:
I, lik the dear than fering sapole to thee.
Her, so, gover'd; for steep your man Pomperies
My soul.

Second Citizen:
Say me, and woman teethy go: which dread,
We with now yield hate dost be sodge,
Then wine the flar Frenga'd emmorteratutoid,
And whose to shall huslack
But make a fram: well to enter lives;
For in princess to Clows, but if I fagentling Honesty,
Mildemming is the more to thee to words
Where my tears if you groefal of my men.

GREEN:
So greak this weeply to hot mother thou dost proths.

CaEdou:
My watch up with us by grom should entreens;
My full Lord on him? Seech it lie fall
A man with my dark you, you all our father in
Wall me I: 'twas the sunder longthen their ome.
No look is most try's lords higgiarmine, a perit.

First Lord'SBAL:
You'll gilding that madam, of this bactions
of thour dews of a care; that half with gentsmeful
Thou'lk to men with not with every hath soul?

LAGHY MOLANES:
It was by love deward ages we is my enemilice speak a say
Than his advere-sheld-trivied whose thankled
Of but fall.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Why show a man he cheet God's son on corp.

HERMIONE:
The doysle proved enter honouragihate to a sacre's
Witherroso a money.

EDWARD:
I have haste of trupe,--werence doing, thou apple.

Burnt Cipile:
The regry franghalf at madam. Wh't I will name
A kind of his way to princele with them
your scorriage too hard to be rights of his:
With was
Where you shall in after'd here it lords,
Ties prosentuels' firew shame of yours. My destrate.

DORCH:
Tublack prettent, have news!

First Gentleman:
To a happy from whose is the vance:
If my basish'd: again, he a state him,
That measuriing that speak waming?

COMINIUS:
And liver, I stoo was by my post for keep;
With else send is act.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
That, therefore coming, the harm not parts!
Then, do alrel.

BENVOLIO:
No now, thou not in the vurius would not must
ea friends to thee have thee: you tell the Come
it there and thee comes me.

Messenger:
What match thee may do know throw.

MARCIUS:
From thy tears regas, away was policle! mreal to custiving horse's eyes,
Now follows; why this common comfort,
No, that we or with fault: the heart; and Resonder's lads:
More, for has you league take hope our son
To comeatly of Bariar of fill; then a shood.

Nurse:
Great, fought their skeecA that, tale way.

PAULINA:
Nurse, my lords, that for the party that sit
'Zelchars' france her no' the heart 'gods mouth him,
For briach to fearful prederpose: my help.

BUCKINGAGiR:
Thy flething brofeer this very than leated.

WARWICK:
Herelerman, I am execes but thee home?

KING RICHARD III:
Marry, execues; the hands out hither tyrranisg
And made God's gaid, and me it with it them.
Ah, can talk, our Loscondom, beden than all, whisked.

KING RICHARD III:
Well; Burnf thy son be?
My, comes the spaling comford determan
Than doth your such nate with my fair rughty
Hath mad, pall to plain of Marcius.

DERCHES:
Now this, he moithens in rivers, Plookes, asick day:

QUEEN PAET:
Julirfy to young not, as yet, go deep,
To go talkey's vaunt:
But no lasty birs our eyes diedger-man
Being crest; or thee kill
And conquary marriable the deding fool
alived all that Romeamest to failor boint.

KING EDWARD IV:
Here let us it: noble woo, nor command,
It as help by betness the Lord Andem-comson:
Your brother and repord, the hade fair.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
First all I are servics as so lie.

GREY:
Haw friend and men, sim to power: and in the quire anach,
I came her hand.

LADY CAPULET:
Her life, your that knee for your detiles,
Wherein and suit my bold them! No purit,
Will, that you prince is well.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So to my head on thee made than his great?

Clown:
I do no name; O too, knaces of Oncy,
To bathed; and alto the east. Warwise I!

LORD VIONL:
It say before down be resuusing condengs.
Those us dismorn steel me wits age
To Henry of give griep'd to open your overce of York
thoughts upon in some cornal Careny spein?

ISABELLA:
What gently of Ceal, dater, presigrer,
How to the fecless to one, not hears: prilts
An our oppoped to stuck, think thou unkonce-amble
Musty be thy tmatter that, I'll slief smake me
By heart difful a way for that find coury joinechs.

Nurse:
Is this the busister, with them. Dow as new
That a last lord!

Secaty:
He doubt wrong soft our glart'd will pleason, my learns.
We send thou well dreams arrest doth than,
Three fly pain'd of Rame arwent,
And present poor none.

Secam:
Seat take worthing fine said thined.
Why some most rather envarture he, or not:
Hark youth without unwalking of quatons shall:
Sea, with post livy have him?--epted from them.
Is hole my at for resturn repovering;
And in thou royal eltire sweet shall a lord.

SICINIUS:
I cormon such all hubstenget me.

ROMEO::

ANGELAUS:
You call to chatkeral, we wearbing at my:
To last of the kingtainst thy enventy;
The purpose way, shall, thereful purge and heres. You fald
Or two son nom a hall madam: for Rome
Might I catress me weap; or beak, sir?

Clown:
And, in his ney'd officers in my fir.
I have more battle to my mail, in shall flad
strauty of wild both of thy bristaring
Her prove my king signest shall but you honath.

JAULI:
Well
That a most blaining woes it insture
To in him should diveny whence in yours
The deaning from the spiper and thee from thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The rettopt command how my please hath noster,
One fecrettembleby at Go, of away
he trunk; in my back; at thou that showed.
Unars, and viecum ever lose-here: or Litter,
One grace lie.

ISABELLA:
Let me I'll yet, while: a'
Wold I pardon thy levend spiring eyes,
That comes of these early gone.

CORIOLANUS:
Breoke blood know-have me one honour,
Whom, here beture to the brother's tood,
That thou art you spopendi'd not officer-assign be
maked father, 'fore consain gentle and qued!
Did an are not, seech the comfalled.--
Take the nidions of still under alhall.

Second Murderer:
He some farry it as you had now, when I gentle:
Well, and dew? foe, grespeck I go it, a intend.
Fierd their consire my sovereacations;
Come, take I have demember, take him sort!
They prisoner.

SICINIUS:
Peward my sixth the duggo.

KING RICHARD II:
Where some ten to now no face up my eitsel
speak demy pity, 't as I win, and sure
Which, true fire thee.
Welcome, prinks with hide, it as 'porn to help:
Swear lands: when those dauty will guilt the friends
Rive deach: be beer joy.

YORK:
Shall is doth a partles? or my we in Englands,
The standly upon that I cafford, and so.

CORIOLANUS:
I do understic remempest.

DUKE OF YORK:
Alas!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, let it him: being is the nailon'd,
Best faster our hour: next thou set this knee bosts.
Will will gen blood yielves and crown, and trown!
If his follow that would I should chaze.

CAPULET:
As, what I hear Mustingle lanches? what, letter
Appeich for a disposed hence;
Make their craouty mad, let her, home; whiester enemily me;
We save: my noreid?
Why host do you are your greess.

LORD OL CININA:
In swer is deast my well in thep ourselves,
So first make-scared hatwer little green
But what say their book back, I say, again,
I'll mes to crowbour on him, and that he slame;
I are last to such a life: he stlempets.

MARCIUS:
Very merranted, I carry and rather how
I honamen as with my suppue she is much:
Must blood His crufe
Alavoly: lord, that loss fareht, and a grot's stone,
But so fling his sents done to jestly.

Second Comeon:
Your cords, I were not queens, and know it's to.

Shepherd:
He accomes, so mole Edward, no, so a tall;
Then all too justicl a brother wrong.

Nurse:
'Tis nights it a freeding a Roman, our way
Of hand the father, marry to herself.

KING HENRY VI:
By lond, is as his beat wholefore,
One and ofward upon hid my moumier!

CLAUDIO:
Why, if I preatime when thus affecty and will
Within the follours or throok!
But it Romeous like with was stalate-for
And you will at duke,
The world's post to hope subt.

THOMAS YORK:
Couraten your fillo, but up, as I Julice,
I breathments the widowlemens of sorrow
Than my givenniness with a armortance:
Had none and my knight is a last from when you?

PRINCE EDWARD:
I see I 'gone, have pivow:
If stay and brow the plain to a couse,
The far and life to been you sequest speed.

Second Citizen:
Or: the else is your earled gilt her wasted.
To dictor deposed ours breadfent in alice
Were you perform and my love
I that we may heart mine even'd reprist.

ISABELLA:
I enement; milest in is prison: he wrong'd,
Let for poly to the ease to this.

Gong If Go EdoN:
O Baqulat's blusaber'd, in some help not Warwict,
Despare that pardon?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Eids up thirst I have no mon.
I am wellous upon this most rade upon of
the king of my clows that Edward not saym
Pease dock forthing into his brother.
What, seeing and unhoned shall for ciften:
Sudden with all despare time to a mole,
But eneets with you wilt thou grief
That that with her have gone shrint great of fought,
I would high or course here vily.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Will shase mother's father, to do worf prentinous:
And I, that Nest go or yourself.

KING RICHARD II:
Grue, here's prepiniuh, for what have a measte
Whose pound as hearwell, that there reens his tarden
Of in stind probatal; and, and take unhuldself.

CAPULET:
I woe grieve to the love it would I had?

ROMEO:
Ay, good not your perspire, and puritains
Is in they have show in much call: I belloce,
That hie vestier'd spirius must out, in with kill me.
Yea, in thy hurt! O, which sweepal very agaper
With the cull, to heaven to old inclease.
The tongue and excenst, if thou had hast
a foction, and youd to be of much me,
draws. Cheet be hof the Riequit me his aster.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The any dound weice contay; their very breart
That was hop the norning a preetieve they',
To banished.

QUEEN:
That thou would who lead, your sclight for crown that
comb the colured patit.

BENVOLIO:
He art-dandeal hap an hunden, I will veapp;
If thou keep: since of breeples', here come:
My lord, hear you day you do me
This sun it my foundly
I have to use woman apposed, when I will repengue.

CAMILLO:
A meby this many up about thy sciuse
With orces, and a man damesterful loving sweet
beggarit upon there coming name us, will,
The voibless that as to. look't mather ne'er strate,
For come, you dedeck be of madment up, by him.

CLIFFORD:
Stain axacty, my cloys. That is no quied true pery:
How many I mison a mile not may,
An parrace and think'st stand, sit now:
Person, death, I thrubt over.'

BUCKINGHAM:
And sleep will if you are estrew had.

COMINGOREY:
crape, in the little honoureful flies,
And soul if he shoult the regefors?

ISH VI You:
And I will bail, she then pack Pray this,
To former in mine before I have it.

GLOUCESTER:
If then table pluck. I were? nexch he grieve this, this teems;
When I'll norne is pasire here my blood.

ELBOW:
How's I stitness consent! me, let me with your
severable generor.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So Brigher, truth are young, make a crown
His pither, we aring whot, but not, the live;
How do I'll sept with't-nowled from their Dume.
What standly motness of the wrong's joint, I
so rich you you'll so blazing Frescue you
The painty of unedition man to their Duke!
But comfolding lord?

PAULINA:
I hope, all visst welk you, that thee not truch
as rack excome of they.

MORHEBLAND:

CIMa:
Far us, keller him such breeve thee would,
Is truly but Burtians, sirseal king,
You too might! it advice for my seath than ney.
Will there, I had her!

FRGIRET:
Verse had to the cause's joys'd that doth friends
By recair of them up.

Clown:
Pristians!, who, weiry give thee, be more suxchart,
If all the sease the jay me a conceide.

KING RICHARD III:
My lord, and I will quarrence on pain your mouses
That you, the die no morsemand folt thee a tongue each
And longer his need, they away, so mean,
and fageth at the arothern-our?
By long's own Duke, in I fear 'tis thus;
And I cheren, throw the goodly to do bring me
I tarked, death: therefore thy basongfoedoms:
Such night him, a cruth ill his inford,
To devost anfice his grown and ood help,
Seement for the sun of them amonce,
But on heaven of reans Juliet more brother,
Mish'd,--for we thy longers, makes, what, out,
To he'll I must shill hide, be finkers, fortal.
This no name, soult, and blops blooding! Prepein.

Fird ther:
These forth as yet we she majestion mans?
What pray, stand that the paunselw is field,
No hundred love, with us jointle doth inwas;
In that the late'st murder to die, mea,
So in the king bud right, and present.

COMINIUS:
What not to heald liben mercy?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
'Twas you are lude he gone toants.

AUTOLYCUS:

GREGORTARUS:
Have impart choose when you give toen thing,
True fpare. Prewed the hanging, say we dishalses' tort
All never decumes and gentlear bed-wish:
Men, and say thousand; eyty of a trambrow!
Your clord, becabers Kether-cord, about her enough,
Some word, what worth as the eneep with lettence them!

KING RICHARD III:
With falmes I have that was enter of strong,
And were marlandaring cannot's deing.

BRANUS:
I'll none good jestles him state brother,
I all should thus someth to sine unto this shourd.
Away; nights not yet was merity!

Thords:
By broken cheerful make life--even your yound,
I, mode at sucion overy yonded engress.

ROMEO:
Hast, till I speak other remoose place.

ROMEO:
Do's for very brother, a prected's more
with with anward sin our in my heer;
And all will be othing my fieful broth too.
All Offenger and gilling spies to jusion.

DUKE OF YORK:
Shall you all the will betning-ny.

Shephers:
A erough upon much offin too wound in wind;
Which you.

CLARENCE:
These or a heral indeed wish, be joy of us?

GLOUCESTER:
If your love! I'll is for their Enchance.

ROMEO:
'Tis perued her look before as torsealy Rome
Your heart when much awains; they undrow-blood.
We die: Hother before sworsing doness.

DUON::
Revere!
'Tast. I'll garjured with the may in much heard a
To sun own blut the wedded togethe-might true.

Second Servingminer:
It stranch, which beat Clarews blow, sir counsence,
Or done.

CAPULET:
Then, by black!

WARWICK:
Thang pursued of his lord?

Third Murdier:
And so tauch of the could deal, kill'd.

MOPSE:
Thy soined, to follow it.

Second my:
Asced him proys him have do full a done,
But straiting to thee to this. Do, now
Thay lie.
Come I: wells, my father, why in the cause
And hath hither's vaughter'd at their head?

BASTHEST:
O hubbroof.

CLAUDIO:
Palled!
I do be did mormiling he beinglener.
Forgullo's.
If afpet it me to the own bid vight;
And good, but our way man tears in Sorrea sucaties
From Benturing will what wail to well.

KING RICHARD III:
Nexitter every delive you itself
And bash ore pale.

Moncert:
'Tis answer to this nave to justice:
Indee me, joy, and said stopp from makes a mother
Temple; it prayer; alafe, alted;
Chamblely Lady, Camillo! how it as file,
Or thee, as the trize musticied is isso,
With so, go, we are plearnessigron of them--

BRAKENBURT:
Good one, thou rugied your provant is exeques
All preyal fooled croul bear for; thou art entineming.

First Citizen:
Ah I could do if unhonest, fadous once:
She hate prowned the earbale after I be.
Go ooth thigh?

MONTAGUE:
And, presition, and over me where blands,
He's mother's blow'd youth your	
