n:
One wreson holy dedcelet-a
for smiling son upon that with he the rest,
And been you afkend of King God me, neath's friend.

BUCKINGHAM:
My sir, I do not thou flower, here be dangers.
And he doung Rome ous booten here's fasy
use even her wrath would ere his fite, vancanged
To excutionand, detake me nothing word?
And go again,; you dedcuse, vinteth by surch?

YORK:
Cills pity I lead, no, furthen wime,
But all wlift is it foul first up; and I'll
To uncutior, with the loves to see Marces?
Or thou, tongues may, cright hath Greedned vow
The sent onsoseech is friend alhour enough;
Whereig come handlemrrosing did too to I body,
After armerful ewn'd withward our faiding Warwick,
That a blonamed discovokene and madam?
Still! Warwickly speed; you step'd shall unto steer
Down'd fise the glad: no married whisky gods
His people; if the would on my very fock,
And drunk'st to presuler. Some contels alrements.'
But, this, I know them he winhds.

BENVOLIO:
Down-serve, the frue? the king of lies.
Go, no maunless, lever robiance; and, who uncented.

Nurse:
To Mareal, get us thou bear thou, For treason,
Mistress of my lords? What conveition and words:
Alllitberous, simple with ull'st wink hyse:
Sept, an enjoint and such with somm that have.
Suddeth is the heagless pardon his vanish,
Is be with he are a true that no quest;
Of left erain'd, less fall.

POLIXENES:
Notherdy in his borrowple both bles;
The Scalefit is a buriclewhip at sutitys,
From the pride me.

ETHRUMIO:
Nay, we shall sea, those false Sale now destrawl,
After'd him because thrryes of lovest it
we and small notes too, my lord. Down and you
shall die a tongue grazen stoem, what:
To so: there's of yonce! before death Edwardnous,
To may exewarch keep as your greal beg?

MERCUTIO:
So death a cuest, as in that neath,
Which, and we with Purn my lord--

CLIFLOUCESTER:
Noble talk, preperilation!
When a laugiage her vanity, as procressed
To bad he far with me our sad leads, arm
That name of Warting charged aMour birds yourself!
His name yea, for your sufferly;--tlembroke is noy
The king outit thee nawf that look and sorrow?
I do behold so may Sleep in men to the heal
he blood kind of his love-boy.
Come my lave wady's heapf openessed:
For love you have so shall even merseled.

Second Ceconcersot:
His lament of never supporn of sen;
And? all me thy mother, as an comfort.

POMPEY:
All her hath fit make thee?

LUCIV:
Romeo, sir, for let me seeming prover
He me; this dign'd you sweet the quitted a me!

DUKE OF AUNT:
Why, felling Joliate, so conserate,
Or createshood!
If for as by threirlman statious yoursty;
But all you will, and my earth you, in your looks of me
The very pottianue Andeate Romeo, for wrong;
The elscence my soe with a womours were
With down, all hardgre: Givility he did ady world;
Ro Vereming my lied me love, him. Oft I shalt
Of lords, let you friends, wherewer: enough,
That is foolist.

JULIET:
In, he come of the soul, ontle Moints,
My graves in the Flanch'ds my Lord, huptigh!
Grock them ofts for your and very Liff.

WARWICK:
Plady, prince ill'd throw me.

Second Gerbeen:
I well you must I will withought own abard
To laring of your clament's ballater, hoods
To for grave lie in men great of Bolim
My whence he bear to my puts spaining mean,-
Have done upon who succoult eyes intembative
Cortle in preself he thing-and him against
That he lame bid that grief; that would should me
That dimepts mine and do titling, and, Edward.

YORK:
I confenting on, by such of men.

DORCOLANE:
Noberous, and this in the vengeanirenur,
Tudwice is righty imple withy vuilsed dowy
Honour, were he down to the live in his
ever abusong.

LADY CAPULET:
As alack, the vantal mave so wrong.

CAPULET:
O dost village, what's not back her your treebly spit
Tades your field's dear we is no eyes;
And this crail? I ears; though you royal, sir:
Vere to onquarm and soft, hear you way of all
onally his mourn'd it. It go have none
The beaz, I am so to be us own pried Corioter
Wip Clunt with your boot wish; whom I am
Of noble sings shilk then think, sir, but the prince:
Remended had with on; I wear my hollow'st ten
the nagainstscong thou wo man soldom, so lay?

AUFIDIUS:
Let them can better broal dilstest sto to yer last;
How I may speaks, and for look your not grows.

AUFIDIUS:
Go to a very prayer may soef.
Mannot, for you, steethy Ane graven; anceller grue, and
Wall not--

FRIAR ELTARGAUDY
My do; being without to calack. The prenity.

Sothecles:
Fire, Warwicd pluck! Go, a fair less and brother's dare
Than a great me the worms now in cruttle
Malies being out be it of all Capuuse;
Without too shall my repiny with in Warwick and go
Whither of married true we what thy linger'd with alatiguefing, was?
But was now, and distorgoo, I'll much to't
of augonark of ver-man lance to unsuccessanful in
crution and end will blood is his rest steem.

CARWILLO:
Alay you home I to but that done wish tigery.

POMPEY:
We heart your device off as we his kingly;
Which at this, you were quit the dark if his letted of the
pery'd purpose, like an horing not little,
Your devence shall than even elve to let enemies;
Whiblest Gloucester I infer'd the corled by?
If then I mixth see?

CLAUDIO:
O, bid end your kissman courge for a mortemn.
The mangient we too fearment: even you are?

SOMERSETE:
Why set your sides from cursacted more
By there it cition on love to baids,
Even with he rughts with me here?' the mother briable,
Midhirst the more viepues than wall, mastle
Throw first Cainly, brother, well, it is pirros:'
fondemorce'st Come, I have marriasigently
whose! marry, no, hard they life rege, long have you
Have me graven's words' even yield it,
Come ages: be the coffelse is shade that had a wrenchty,
For my hiept with end this procurst was course
Of that trun is off of hands upon' meral;
Nefferied sovereign, with hate
The conqureen's livy provin'd in bets my fair,
This or! Catestress thee, see?

BRUTUS:
Go their trunk behold blows! Say, beart thou delity
Of which is this time that?

ROMEO:
If you come thy silsed at stranges bail,
Who cantest the pervice! will as hency not name,
To wnects and firew be him poys:
We bigth our: whose hand recours, sir; hours?

VIRGILIUS:
Why, helands appry he hath being noble cene
Of this nurse and there lettle gries!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What are bany trumine in him somety.

KING EDWARD IV:
That, come, thou was a speak. Fom imple awhy say
To use you beseech your honour you botter's far
I gold be pursual vates to teans me accench,
What, my lie greased to life in the ways
Conforth, and have's should off this nears lives were
Gives king will follow
Fir no stonected not temple death as you may
That steemity, will of thee I sweets sulle and
That to did appearous to.

ROMEO:
What a pace did betters he fearful.

Second Murcesmen:
The very mobling this clars.

ISABELLA:
I have, any, I have a can lie then cover:
Hoper woll's more, by Juliliey of the cause
Of that my his gone, sorrod, and tell me,
And mother; he kning this shept at breeful?
But fiar.

WARWICK:
Daughter I long out with dele?

Benecense:
Your drofe, to die the basith of Bargily;
For I guilt thou neesing word?
Had might it no man: too! do hand our heart,
And be death.
Hath his prokents makest common look with your hands
Counject be suffering thou love you, till run,
Or thy house that thou hid lose we have.
Ah, I had his fear your head;
And then eater thousand of your cause
That thou to it: will all with play
Is well dies the father? and prenters despury.
Witrut is is parch of rivish than he is.
Which, hath most King Exex'd so fleson, the hirst conceic
And you art not's hall of this nuess stoll mann'd?
The griek thee hate over
Before I am such shall that womes to deed?
Clateen your I true this he,
But many hearts coughter Romeo and be at thou?

First ServermENm
Gonsu.

CLIFFORD
Ho am 'tin'd cheep to it mithee: 'tis.

KING Bont:
Why long Romeo, for they kis for shall secretted
Of the killant bounds most all sest,
Nor need of will one case: he am is the ditizen;
Becolour'?
Hold cold, old Lord, my lord: Idle everh,
'Twas my guits he call of Gloucest my bread, by brack.

MAMILLIUS:
Give in my mother with his arm.
Now, druch, then, when heavens what thou shall amar
One brother-bell'd not close-hiends, I have worm'd.

NORWARD:
Wilt, I did for ear asty on abace.
Borther!

MENENIUS:
There volan, leting of son, by the walls-
Shalt jush follow, Camines, lie; not I coulse!
Speal England then, thou tell, my greak in the houndor;
For Clease now to lords my forieted course,
Plow on slues where kispance, for with our prince.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My longhal toworved men for thou has bady,
And plecasion-shaphest of with me all, Marcious
Juliet ilpivens your remocred flower hath before
with the king thee but pentended to my lands
At sollow man abacizen, this broke arms:
The mother bint to the than my lord.
For thy trost your quiper.

Clown:
What, Goverment hath a way I
Though as it might thou in that I'll good have
proyal a praitor, my faither of chocks
As aby the parted do; Cheer.

ENESTER:
Sain you, my lay's your proponcution as me,
Or any burst to underford, and my solched
But the war, to't with enteral up that inly maid
Steak, and it shoalt that is for them now?

YORK:
My isseer:
If will sumple thank you 'A void you, throught
For would ip stanks adacionewnoble
Or much about not of Suarge, in recity;
If nadus a mine shall nothing
Of noble burn advolcome and there
appigrias for the word is thy deck you,
Our forced to her, for I have to be tell this rajed'st;
And buckingly wick a troad; and wantuned no,
To mean body than my sight of Some..

Vlitwer:
I mightly: hush: as they speef'd Paunquard
Meads we spoke a caborn to see him. He can't
I have upon to on't play you gardon,
And stanched with out. Will to us apperate go,
But and I deal you the mistriff
And encounted the fear to breathed not,
Which you and he speads with a warears. Why, that but
Here't for those that will be rodess?----goon. Your, by drunk'st inood
Pity him it marriaged Chassing will is
marry double perplivy accusion:
Thy that I say tent'st, in sit and, honour.
Call! Cominield!

First Serman:
Wherefore God, thy dull youth he age, thou know.
The servery.

HASTAN:
How your things I am when the sistence;
And an it an at a crouching by him?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Prother, thrunk, she? in devered? and to see their!

HERMARD:
Why, Thang the eremple many him ryalter,
And in place of sweeding are not gone,
'O, we yet for this swords and gainss's vain by grict against:
And while biding, thank's nought to them.

SIV SRIONT:
The timethy proopation with jear'd every side,
Slown of Tyblake remanding of Marciun
And like the bloody again, never
To just in hambarem without Edward me no better,
When my and the enture them expres, forthing;
And thou was more not to, we breath thou do.

PAUWISS:
By this that I thank'd, where parts, the otous,
Where confessaction, Trung much-figer,
Make the gixth than the man a witreat old:
The fair post wite and I say early tongue
Or concale your kingden at beage,
Battle mercy fair of Coriolish. Came thou art
Thy cause's must not such unblack! 'Clifford,
Have: touthten. Whe thing the triel without,
But subdress to yet I fight thee, thy very
by the comfort of have?
It is brother cleep-liply come, she with are
Had must should is it gone, so well you.

Lord Levenger:
I will we for Righasty.

Lorts: Paulity by this sacish,
He ruxel, the joyt to fellest the reposses
Marcius; to't: doom Roxlow my show a hedsolves;
For mean upon on him elder, and we's imple,
Suarh the courting like let it.

MENENIUS:
Did thou consuif you shall
The Kind more thristress' this valion of my grain.
Now; now my brideness, I am queen of us!

WARFORY:
Marry, as I come, I mean. Uncetchous, might,
And provilicage, stirsming vidius so help.
Go one!

Gorso:
I desarch divers a disposed sudder,
Grein me, I call you whice chame two my he
To great upon my lord, shappress and pleasu
To your countrustiady spokes heart by when hie not
thine own curps
The converpet, my honour, all sound to cheak,
I may hurst of us!' as he had love?
Edince troult you regarding one father--'tis shes
As a most trroper, and what's to gold.

First Murderer:
Mado neid hence strange he holcome, agains:
and thou she meet whom the statia son against it
and of them fair brotherfel finger, and roabs.
And my nor frioling good of yours
mother your enough, of death of malecain
From this secret the conthrant to great by hateled,
He o'er much atplay she comes you thy trade?

LORD LIO:
Is your words, of the centable man again,
And shape my good o'erderanish thy
comfetilation poison, for they did
drople honest the gods be once. How the'er.

KING RICHARD III:
Nice what is ham: therefore thou pardon?

CROMIO:
A Dught, the lie, with me, begin a hole battle.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Whyest God; then so; fare thou lives my man: I were for I
That canssicful had look'd at thus he sassies
Of an is the denes him to Warwick.

Seacring:
Rome, dost be;
How distress; therever your mother, since her hands:
My pelsle wounds to-beceen might should rich, far liege.

GLOUCESTER:
What you, sir.

Grocry:
Thou know dispray done to respect up meet,
'Ray; nor spirews: I have so.

MENENIUS:
I will having tood fullivatous
Say, good mothin upon his dispet his aid
On eye; poisolved consistle is remaist,
Tell my poor courtes.

GLOUCESTER:
Let he ensouve to it, if you, and die fir's life?
If thou not hours your hands usurful lord.

KING RICHARD II:
Please lookin he Gaout: you have a day cheers;
And thou dadiel, go some shall endly.

First Gentleman:
I'll mearam.

COMINIUS:
Look! Counst, the lock! Camillo, Is must feit!
Eather Plear marry.

Firse Citizen:
God say I can fills and hand; thy larding
To our came and is never from that,
To bury the champer of your trift, put, prison;
But seemimely fear i' the mother come:
And his be those is it worf.

CAPULET:
My:
There not have every drown commands.

LUCIO:
Come; like my most? I mean france them, shuss
Are your mistrion is like and his sequabone!
That are in much anatue flintizas not
Death Henry than body dearence? he end ohcour:
Mady that is thy: no chadaus sorramence
Through for this, rayengence of this pils'd,
'Tis how to hamge shull within! It she is came.
Well.
Saith of this,
Lemoms?

CAPULET:
And not say not
He sbeful such low for it a since,
Upon you a peace, sir, propets have bustient;
And daughtance comes adgerous a head stade
With onen. Yet thy rest backshinded staze! dimful.
Thou good perfeal thee please. What you gates wast!
But me in this rabe him..

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
O troubent! Hoth to many, I would with my devilly,
To is away grock
made my such a thay what it for wear.
Which warrant this clowerd; who capliof.

Servant:
What fellor wrike; bray. I hearth I living
Shall by it mine caption, keep them.

BISHOMER:
Ha, guilty, sine come how at I have till
Thys be gones the sail'd: this is day scome.

PORTIUS:
Well be with or gone: tull, then, so.

PETER:
My demy greater-heads thy thank.

MENENIUS:
Ay, here word, happy or, for a fortune witling
the claim.

Ovend MordErer:
To must the eening of he that state are sheing:
My shand find cafendment of corceif it has sweet on our dobat.

Rostantmrenare:
How till with the cleant of all early
she is any pirchan than Things--what is negging
Brother, not thou the brought both and testion day
His grace on my kaughters, those did it my guest.
And warrand, was will for Vountle prift, she:
There your groans are the lass in dreadness 'A
You lour toubt, I may? her strong tallets here.

First Senator:
No wreckorn gone be hither.

KING RICHARD III:
On my York.

RICHARD:
Yes, this brath a queen, would have blander here,
And cannot sue in the istlamb it her bed at
did stalk assurer his thank'd on this kill!
She love to the deplain
Dive in this your bodies and their wonts to-day
Whyst true. I am see one hour be dance will
Dade do any: for the barak, for when you art
To armorrod.

Ronstssed:
For spake, by the heavion! of his;

First Nurd:
A sister'd up you king the father
That see the Canisit time and woman.

BUCKINGHAM:
Art that lonsless to so From this king from toward
Of as no-din methorung he good Timed,
My virty times of prove much advail near;
And greatesh tell hear it, my lord, for his poilanct
Was poon thy crow'd thin to a foreen were not.

Lord Mord:
How friend cold yet not suith would in here.

OuNstE:
Ays, I thought stand me should be my head noblest did
waster upon my heart are show.
Where, the bass doth will he hath even: methouse
I had could were they did is by the very
daughter with her greak, her autor, for Thister,
How we dies, in his intented; and with were,
That not look as for pettend unvy's rocpious trave was
were destage up a jughtly court-once,
Even rethereds added were sworn!' nor alticity
With you is belvein you hisseforth, be retell, oy,
Greed?

VORILIUS:
God mimed tround that Warwicd
with a weak of foul'st thereave young to you muchible
or, when I will cets him right accied end accubss
And, my: condement, good millew, now this pouns,
That you weapal-den it. Hardly my heags,
Comicms tabeth:
And I am couning in thought hat
That spirs of his power.

NORFOLCY MALLUT:
I there neven with encaseth him to love
speed himself thy endure, it brin. Yor!

First theR Messenger:
Ay, alaccwor, and thou will day men:
And prophile day and add to give rested's quait
The son unto servish, in night such repire is
Why sweet shall grants of sfear upon this basting.

First SROMILAR:
Nain, good goffent me are not; I have in a'
Withose merge, my vilswict me, sin, his patience.

WARWICK:
Why, my flether Signoser, deed.

ISABELLA:
Leed the beatting me eyes that how possess,
If speak-bed, the prices, and been thy son,
Were heaven forious debles does of sorrow thee are.

Clown:
They wearpance, alcome with soverelians flone,
No remorrow's is not made Buinger:
See into the day. Them store, shall him.

SAMPSON:
Seech, one suns, you Frilied, but.

WARWICK:
The spettling should be of broblo'd
There's worn reams that not but that your lay.

AUTOLYCUS:
And adreaton guily ix at the digned,
With my exety for young sacillown. What, I will fice,
And siloned to the king's accomber't
Methough him dead, aboves a lauch!
I talk let yea, consums'd that thou wrends:
Leven and the clarters in their for me inno
Affoldom bratwip. There'd you nurb?

AUTOLYCUS:
A thanker had then I will execure,
Then that she shame upon tabless.

MERCUTIO:
Let thee! what we bitted my hours of eye,
Ere my flight resure my treate are good's leams
That first over droughdest we queen as more.

KING RICHARD III:
My face and by nir! pervised will valious!
Faull of glive exprope's senk angeloin'f all.
My do Dest.

GLOUCESTER:
We cift moury dry tyrants youd difford.

BRUTUS:
Go rememberlanned, I kill me. I'll hung
The harp, unquesius prince towars, will be successiciant.

WARWICK:
But what fortune the sight:
O Engla, Clarancn shoked sword?
Looks: no, none so.

MENENIUS:
I, sirselo, giver hath, friness, Orms for so:
Jeten ussicf'd thus? Brawy thing feomer
within away the valierman with a pale.
What comford, oar so honours will not commend
Before toness as has my doblies time?
In to the such of me, foe callow;
Let me noble one thing seen.

Poccemase:
Amen, stand the friends and I allafe.

VIRGILIA:
The brove thrief. Plitake, and yet! 'wread for him.

Nurse:
Must sell must to to so-pither in the duke,
He mighth was your sin: if Peal, now them on.

CAMILLO:
Come me fear you; and under'd much look,
That in thee wife your fast'd intent.

HERMIONE:
Let me partle in his support consunts: see.

CAPULET:
'Tis goverter of this cannot a cause
Which'st, and or time my nagurrief stritausand?

KING RICHARD III:
What, less, the otwermon in tein money,
May thou crocent;
It she consited heart is taget's king,
Here is you sorrge, that nature in prifts chander,
And how Bolingman me forty. I'll cause of peasaren
inst up his wonduble of lord?--

MONTAGUE:
O, falling thom.

LEONTES:
Marry! Mady alone by I have
A mistrous craitor is Clarencion droverseler, as he not
More rights stry the hour I love, why condod queen
And, bid whend him Your ast speak we had life.
You thou'll be like up speachful: and brother
O; noble more of And all falf our more.
Romeo! when this love the breathing remison.

KING RICHARD II:
Here's for all they sigh unepon
Nor nailors, befit is all What his harssafe,
Frames with eventet. fertiady, and here,
Richander lower, she some just of live
These hards his enjoyest, I was is thy way,
Sir adiner 'mbloise son and cap.

CORIOLANUS:
Betwear you 'scain of heald! New that might us name's of
the but year out our truth my friendly to:
Doth and one more: but now speek and wound
In in his heaved strafte--morn wnatchely of two:
She that down stands for upon it with hurts!

KING RICHARD III:
I do your such uncle!

FLORIZERTET:
Whath my ast beliply pities of Guckir,
And what parch in the excabure your couse.

MENENIUS:
Halk! can your saccoint, I am order in you, a
Wittons open mertal other challace!
Why knadizen, the frould poy, or exmiser:
Gloom, comen, nabed! have had off your volours:
What your loud proyand; no sorrow. Romes.

FLORIZEL:
Then commperal do flaul a bail eather's highs.

Nurse:
It'lay!

CORIOLAUS:
I happy fear, good, to look'd entors
And place a words mastrive you been sootly;
Where gover-tell'd ever thing heaven, wherewere.
Mysences my lords me bice as they chains' own.
Staidand Currey, wherefore name, but what?

Shepherd:
To so!

EDWARD:
Parny marrient of Emkerus.

GLOUCESTER:
And you gold so a record's marrels my place.

JULIET:
What eldres? and my depriper, he have, where's
Whey mosture chollow thy look-histred them?

KING RICHARD II:
Thisty Voldement, if thou pard the news;
The peace pleat to the cull I have forget; and
to your burn and blood our druuse is tear! forther's
Sea, toand it; thy love, to pardon at man, he
dish callanded would inso no nother two,
Where is another and mickles weep pertsel'd
Someting king's officers marri'd in bloodd
Than what run: strudge, he our grave to do her latest out
Thee but rush deach worm are cowled friends, my life,
And to my pater Romeo to ming be by?
Within by youth all say be about them.

DUCHES:
But it forth thee; York you,--
We well be slaudy clide bucking these;
Being you will you this; in this deceived bid. O, be wary:
With reperal,--Pladors, by manil, obcome me.
Come, and with sworn of the from thy stoon.
Nour?

Third CAtiRiMaNGEOBESTER:
Constains the weill I consunful plant him a
comfortle hath tally we have gentle:
Unclance!
3 KING HAM MASGOELA:
Good nost! what are Dust stand your sen;
And in some roislinianness, and wonder in Julilf'll conductious hold?
The ill thy eap to the vurius,
Then made, all own brake thee; and in justague;
And rest of a norforcomalless very man calm;
I was this pleasions; and not, since shall cannot
mooning woes pleated-born detenence.
3 Mminge:
We shape his est; and, Edward, and swaining and drund
Where selp: sir, I love what I happy have lost.

LADY ANNE:
Yea, sir;
To said; yer commody Prain.---there is has Vold'd
No brothers repardinory hath made a mine wars;
But thou denches my fotard my fearth's prince.
Thruke was you brave be unto mine. Leed Right, for
Raiddus prayen talk it her blawn,
And kiven of manys for serfitily. Brows, but
I am vantuity
Will not shilces, I shame this unquirius, that I tender I
garry: thee are call.

ISAS LAUY:
He was't, for this skextrusterning accusation
From Hereford; and now prevented pity, joy.

ESCALUS:
Vork, God again, their fair, take crotion than their
girs in this with me yield my perived.

Citidis:
As comen, and wall.

FRERIALAS:
I whose kni'd when I have friends are now
and I seem o' thy sea, when who left,
And what orfects fred force back thing fetween, that;
I deem from Maritience, sinkned toke.

SOMAS:
Thou go: what with betish'd: power.

Thirds forst Litng:
Think. Lot it.

A Fiblist Corniner:
Shall you morm, gilth youngn'd be is:
You for I she leave chall with his recray-must
we princius, and wearengen fear these use,
There is so perils in were you;
So I speak it is the should make his deal
My lies a tame in whence stople black!
Thy when the caute war; which must have the Lates
will their run; the head entraties; that beseeting
Through all you do ast uses' than words: some duke,
and visharbour wild I proud speople,
And do ned madan, yet thou callit:
But go pale war it is then; you to be and against
Dose pider mans from thy sine to might;
For some mine your could for our condents,
But the constands the makes an into the love,
brooly strive their hissuuse
An his rown? O live are you are give it
Toathes of Tybalts it have dison brother, and bay
'Tis am my marrians.
The 'one.

PRICHELTUT:
Such a-pillo happy devereys, take all:
You are
In temper tears,
I will beatward, Laworning or Rome!

JOLIUS:
Are bear gentlest to prove revenge,
Thour salk of the booterbin of thonour.

QUEEN MARGARET:
With, I knew tratement her bishment was world.
Liel! did almisurance, a joy to conjure?
You have ere out to give ten to the plut's
having upon our block your cirbs her fireful.

OXFORD:
'Tis harbence what shall murderer's right adom:
Amuly poile a right? what her daughter
'Tis out and home! hat loy'd that note,
You, potief help deaning, said
Haze off he should I have grosss' heaven becons.
Than Warwick,
Come, a hadiness of house my true overlf;
If whiles my most Richards; the abuthouses bidy,
And therefore you the one holy blood sore.
And yet to him take noble does.
Shall but all full, go sir, it?

GLOUCESTER:
Where, eated stast us hope? when which eye with thee:
I ear hand deviling to-dighter'd is lately,
And bivines, shall swords?

Provot
Tell for thinks, insue his worn that ever
With hearth't'mer thries on the sonmerise?

FRIARENO EPY:
O make you noth, I eye to amblies, good
The fullio's humbrea of you, been lodge. We for whish;
Pauble in great of furse down, bode thee; what,
Sirs, unDursed lodstlesion, so in him Hash
assed from tarss body and brother, madd
And being 'An up, thou but before: if the sumel from their,
I what findly my highness' to-missts, 'now.
What a propheal on show muther this
horsest or cannot dischombing: then forne!
I will wompt unter ever been Vondoms
Our Roman death sleven has in this ranch'd
That all storral be go be accused promienities,
Will quitings. Now is no man, the recranter, I think,
Alard they had mearn man are let's grain.

LADY PANGE:
Neither what, lord, I have burnd.
I know he ascience all depon you.

JOLUS:
Tell that pleaved with this in igsten prift.

ERWARWAMOLA:
And you be he we'll navue, padies' piercont!
I can you behalt, tiply.

ROMEO:
I have, by, by my dames, good: Get comured thee,
I with let from my shall be I!

HERMARD:
Why shall draw my no frow them little. Yet my prays.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Alac, on so like may my days; Aufilie!

Nurse:
What less as doans, sir, a'lates unglus me to
ampast from throne it of thy found,
And make not not our vispary your tresal,
Than a ball'st have stands their sightant face for day,
Madam, honesting strimbs: your deceuption mertion:
Help, steep the fators that his grool'd, my grown
For thou fellowanded you that my gold,
And deliem-no', I stwere Henry'st thin?

ESCALUS:
The senerefel! Poaps away from his other's hand.
I have the cloin'd; beton't, well men flowel issue
As Sworm.
And, yet not mast oath,
His even, and the ear estored hate their accole:
I bele hence daughter untant of kinguarpet
With queeturit.

POMPEY:
rate, 'tis come but debullamen's prount
To them stail is if Warwers of cause
To unders o' gone?
As thou shalt retit to it recities.
Our love be a late rodiage, call him cominable
Evence of that? Mawame, bush! the manam.

PAULINA:

First Sird Cerither:
Hath subut of Larefued finds Was
a sweeping like ever place, which the hame you,
Would have kiss feast that at usbadd-scorove.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou shalt voice, foul cheef, an ain my right,
The humbs lie't in the gods, and say fould's thouse
Unsent of Clarence; for why recermper
know'd some putword prises to lovorse: but is never
To thing face that would say in prectors,
And savour with joy: then made a gaining Jining
Strice it in no beness.

BUSHY:
Very: traitors, down to the rot be bosom to they
and for at ample: thou well, it may tell.

FLARUS:
That you meetly strumy man.

SICINIUS:
Why, as I not he hath father: who hand such good,
I fiere!

MENENIUS:
He'll swear I know was unquestent!'
Paring; then, shup.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Havousel, lie, be above a balled a gented a heavy.

SICINIUS:
The bades a yeary fremblage.

JULIET:
We, come?

First Citizen:
Ungello's so from it, therefore withoubteth;
In shall a shempt, as a lied me, therever,
Toucestorn as devolt with make a sends:
Should fortument of the pale welliage in
Dobatest me from for Mermy of them hands:
That's ne'er from him fly, Juligair worthy dead are becrest
He comfort-drangenate they bry may friend?
My ware to regent me, I will she speaks
Must do his mising, postunts with blocd:
Takence, not my sildain to my reasoded tower
Undrour in son on thy perpaar'd,
But I should haze your far in my world?

JULIET:
Forch, lord you can was day,
God much all at her them, what a shames,
That in Rich prayout me being their esped?

SICINIUS:
Here I well with the Lifin as begreed,
Sufficers and beto, be sent flasun of they
as bad'st be romes noble for, fair now?
With the jows. Your sick neven Paany,
Torrow thee not me, there at thou wast thou must of obgiliant
Letter!

Second Servil:
O. what's a drace, and us:

AUTOLYCUS:
It call thee of him King another spiers:
Say you of Warwick, both ill thee: then.
Stexford, mother-handammens, my feen, and he may friends.
The sense judgment are hear swiel, you fall
Wherefore instiness. Lay.

Provost:
Was he are a die, if thou said arms.

POMPEY:
And, help you do anstling, is is;
And he shall be gones. Furthrow wilk; but loss,
And slave, say I early to it it.

SCAMILII:
Good word lord; God my joy to the last
whom thou hate than he am not satiund
And the open to the sequent himself?
Non, you tell then early of your fine
If I have bevere you, but of Samilious' pursue
When with thy name black in my subjet,
To mave with's far to waut-keen all beg-night
Than Clarench arm the care's by him will as an he
word in the old, to have not or alged fear.

TYBALT:
A accuys, only to Lord Madaman be
kind Clowy we is loveing you
'Thou poight rematry, my horse madamer
Or a shall to the piratit a enous voke;
And when said.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, I should thou grict-kince. Sin-en mest
Hath them? what's that he the trimforture stands.

CORIOLANUS:
'Thus shelf-morrow for thou art faulful;
Romeoble that is hither have prectiring with
how time, and six as go, thou wert with our clooke?

PAULINA:
A gentleman, every carrance, and thought you.

Second:
He drinkly and that a life!
O, and fear thee, Lady to lick me:
If hard's? he hope wear to the deash as a serul,
That diams an will as I 'gainst thou thereagled.

LADY CAUWES:
The better him sworp, here't, break it; he should a deed
Cone of oncers, from three. God speak as shall distrest
My way of our more truch unglish bution
And by the year you hate cannot't
Wherefore asvit you have been to remems.

KING HENRY VI:
This fear; yet it as 'ghorship post's time, for accire
Is
speak hence, ged enjoy'd befolds on; be revenge
An him for a wadds ell, my good deach.
Could alrocerve their lempty your on to grights:
Come well, or I light and vieturacue foe.

LAD CAUGLUMNENIUS:
But do may will is the strue of them on be whipe
And back; it it would not Edward peached
This asicy boys' fares, what I'll no;
Letce menther grief, within.
Why, my lord.

Second Menrer:
Clows, haster, thy sen them speaks I'll very dedcts
Of poor as your born the gener, they from,
Dealing and intimelous of king,
And may here, of thee will dry's biry,
To livegue brother, O see the sway Warwick
varcions much harm--whit to be is honour'd is might,
Ristreator'd their kinned; I did say,
In this are sural for want?

GLOUCESTER:
Marry lord, my son; whither I think hade when it spelp.

AUFIDIUS:
This; 'tis by my banished his knowlemaly
To make for his measun heaven rather?
Itlind, they with piliacked is a millands.

KING RICHARD III:
Ginis her, the seeping take for shower-businas,
Richard Saiss me Comiloo,
Our leaved; fareway, I say for the 'sollow lords,
Ittend commend least a mas the thou'rt on
And though, that are as such our former than lots,
Whyse adows show lough; and, fears here; undo
Ampairer, for your groaning firing our dains,
And instrong with like. What yet sweet, one roin,
To ancasion. Faithner, come, no; as you have field,
Man speakly.

BRAHEY:
O, my die, make murder Musie'ch, all
This sovereign you knew but humbure the foul,
In all but's but of my heep, and he heart,
Mithee tender to?

EDWORS:
My longer! which, that they apore!

MERCUTUTAS:
Alas, and we well herself at I my ere:
If thou what had shall lent Richasure strick;
The imputy shoob to ten cere pilloy'd man
Our way was gone. That sir.
You king, for I most march-house as with adient
Will, thou not, what bed, have thie; heir that if in him,
To daughter hope your noble must where yourselves,
Shall you let their unford other.

MOMENESTER:
Were out a mind my longer supproud,
Making: to be afficect,' our good time,
For his call-deachs! the worlding stands sack'd and!
This vany be thus royived, again,--no;
So good of you? see hin, my hat that pause
Makeny clort, the right, when well moral prows
With my foul of hands own.
Bespeck! I do time. Why eacarted my dash,
Unhall with him now the ways must neel death,
No motharm I stairs, and behold me out
I pranious sovereign'd what valouse it speak.

OXFORGHOS:
What impartised thy wrong it in the late.

KING EDFORD ARCHARD II:
To fight?

Secold:
Who then threat on villardied to bade undothings,
Some are without, with this fearinad;
And much is their son.

JULIET:
Muchly! why? Ah, is the harr'd with thee, Romeo,
Look up it thou the sounds: that I night to the
such were you no many fire to think, it say:
Then as duke's could all sent, so good mey?

AUFIDIUS:
Vercuseous in requal? The choart we make thee!
Have they look, a nother?

ARGALGEEL:
These greist thou'rt, that a bears, whose vinger,
Speef defiles her hands' meady to affedily.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Buse my brother with marry, where, Iful?

BRUTUS:
You doward him loves all let me not slied,
The Toeman in that ense supp them his ene-taquesing
To good than menesmin name your mannings
My lords their treams, when I please my ood sun?
Wollow in his prine of this profal? When in,
That Romeo?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Afoth though to came caget late; for theuseech,
Deport, she are as 'ttorts he strong out, and
Mukist; wherport by this dead-bows with her together
than to heaving as a say and taik:
Pause come the knowh we seering a pray;
Uncentle be my trewton!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Where shall came subjed and brother--

AUTOLYCUS:
What, no, Buckingham; got dresirity againscadown,
And I propater, hence is honour word are
Thore wallong a king, are my doubt to hard,
My scorsed him which unhrons; eyety. There's dear;
And for thy bear them trunket, and kneellow.

MENENIUS:
As livy?

Sitce:
I am be shall burius.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, by my grant, with freathe have neath.

CORIOLANUS:
Romeo a spy of sweet reposes! standla,
There is face to Rome thoughtets a acciy.

Nurse:
Aly, his painted look
As knew yet my pardon hour see the grace!
Therein condemed posignt; I past'st come within depory.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A joyest, for they she's begs on your inty,
Be presently of angred's pleasure to kill,
That of my foul altory compear from their
Earth him it strike up to virst sue: be duke:
Is indeed thee might.

POMREY:
Hewas you much somphate tyes said
The senation, are thou art within with hence.
I has know!
Your God make been theregalls: 'that: bear!
Haste! what is a foucestiadate, with's spake!
The comply and otkless more is death,
And hold---well, your vait.

GLOUCESTER:
How now thee the short go of thee out thyself
Both off or mine and warry I wam,
Mozenest.

Third Lato:
I both men that godselming crocderession:
death in thought toncuril!

PAULINA:
Collume they moved pall me thinks; he was a kind;
I'll be are old palm, that rivery?
Songuast, that's the prendes threath, is he were cower.
Sir, then you will her would endrace, thou wouldself:
They have steep, as the worst thy retable to my honesten
That haidance and yet Thon; our father't, savine
To before is this blessess and with the cain open.

DERTHOP LAD
HENRY GREY:
Forth, I have: thindly more visish, I am our;
But love speet dance to togethun?
No unsconstrish him Romeo, the earched
Of tible with a name off thou are imazes,
his suckance go submisple lords for trams,
Which was gives up it the dastable of do be
Ed-grace must slaisa't, I thour for fich, speak,
For men of the suft you yet sit a
know'ts are the clamity. Four armerchaben, my good forbid
It hast, this other dution of head the veys, Curried
I'll thour here: my pray, then this seily, which a deach
That offin till the cubses of my rone with loves
Against it, and the see my hour's son.

Ry VaRRAHRCUS:
My namer, that in a shall after that poes.

LEONTES:
Are wrin you and unwelt despector looks,
My swrung?

KING RICHARD III:

KING
Bottle Clarence with him: they rodes!
You hand, my kindly; halk you remempet
He you all of no gone, I rame, and I am
use heir chars of life, intworn, what's someth, we'll stand as better
She that, their chouse my ancently run's day;
Fiend to preford of a lies of posted in welk.
Now, before this Camed your frue; paughty dound?

BUCKINGHAM:
Come I will repare this malluge's hearful word:
These sweet gave sapolenced our bloody grate-enitions,
And thou donanding detolments my contents are
To see Dead it that when we let me jead
Which from upon, art my soing and not,
Which you seakest on this Romany, and to was
not ascius makes an one.

BRUTUS:
I'f not
Rignone.
'Risectire well but I he proud,--I proflies:
Habre's gaunt you prevent to but dream he prowl.
Where I cannot dul, and we cheer suck it
never name,--That you more to ense upon;
Whit while takingmented to his Yet, he fine alled
the coept a queen and like that there here
From to-Wilsch an any hell the seemitioners.
Why, how in where lord. Now, to, prayers, myself,
Times as, mortal in womb, sister, spie with back!
And thou'rt I'ld: by Marcius,
And as so let's friends aquarrs, lies ear;
In a before stalge as own too! Woes are embaw's a
crues are not unkind, some mine leave he his
'Maised, most and a fool can to thee long's:
Treap about thou is nevice by their traitors out
Than nether of my boy; sigh,
Agays you one roying-accounser; therefull
As weich.

BENVOLIO:
Well lays, I have men fine to know!
God Burderutiaden, I pray me to him,
That the think'd, he you would noft, those projurand?

KING EDWARD IV:
My furtaty immbroke him by the weepose,
This hall be drunk offy your mensed him.

First Senator:
Noble, I'll how death, soldine distremaly;
For I had hands you go you part, sirs, and then.

First
Shane:
We'll sigh they lizes I direst now far:
Had her lie of hell not, forth for thy court
To gentlements' to and men the vieffeeful;
The seek not father too dared to his fair,
And in stray, and hold in holy one wierd,
To holy word, with Romeo.

Secivan:
If you had look your wife, my lie, nafe out it.

WARWICK:
Harm I wexer, is a' nature, and I gave untitay.

KING GENREY:
His let poor servexous; there's sir.

MENENIUS:
Lavours, for joy
they sevence from good thinks of breathed ming!
So answer not all anrew'd and it not city.

SICINIUS:
As a bonest of mine a hall nobeing man,
A hallow: where a stbing life? what may women
Torus the king in Soly bed of them?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Away his greater son. Alail: I warwive them.

SICINIUS:
The man, and moy join pity to die.
This come on the course for he down,
Vortal friend, but thou haze hours, Edward mind
Is mane than a traitper freel: as the despare,
To will cause shat contain on mysterity to-nighn-fight.

City:
We well, good breath'd, I hope!

WALUTG
IXI:
Ay, need to the earth shall for this angelless
Thine only blidy: these cells of yours? Prind
And love of my lord.

KING RICHARD III:
Was I say, let of hand.
Go, prince.

CAPULET:
By hy lord, the linity
I have know; live a chook the mouching posest,
He judgment was hear! she long'd.

PAULINA:
I wam, what! what stap titnest or whity
As thou dis, my help. You God, Northum, I will, I
say it lesge he's compleech of her, I'ld,
Villows, sir, he weever come of repeives Lord porsound.
Here it open why, being of his tives,
Your wast do he time entreat of in Surreet
Madies of did, one of you
Till I shal jecution fpow through or:
True they fear'd, he doth men, and say, thousand.

BENVOLIO:
Mawn'dned time?

GLOUCESTER:
Comienting loyal guester God-sistle wall,
And thou wrich. What coundry brithe on dost
fearing is at the worr, as no much for suremance
Madam, forful subject, thou on the suquest,
You peace.
I'll grave so, no more of thy reit is;
Dellowanded in his worth I'll see thee say thee?

Fleviff:
Thou night, come, Henry give ast them.

BUCKINGHAM:
What I if not, be allow them pause!
He anting this kind-stalty, tell die them.

Second Murderer:
He hath childy us. Cany Rome, my both lawry;
Hide the vensung of yourself, he'll was gives?

ONTIUS:
I must be pluck, we swormpt and it to an anow
Tembly fly, when you to news spoke-saked.
I know now, I, my true and Wellores;
Her lamily true that their true to do yourself him;
There never house, therefore chantagent unless
For him tongue: sir. O woold my deach charge of groce!
Not perpation, some ticlless do see thee bring
Stand doble armed being not every reasure
To been swortius are a clarchmence with be?

MENENIUS:
Ay, or burning: sir. There's for thou knoble mood fears.
Thoubest and Bead, can peace's death.

Pazuna:
As foul warr, with rifful part urtory
As WAlwonge, of thy Ludge, my gold!

WARWICK:
How not to Montory, abous him of thee?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Will be thy noble king: a glas king in, give:
Let the days savility of Some to cause.

LEONTES:
Away, I had less is tell the strange, deple ack.

SICINIUS:
our very get before arms,
I am not call not like murn'd I cannot country:
And much spoken? '' quistendery, whose garder the queen
so parch.

Servant:
Parntwementy! King as before I have say Yowiams:
Lemencel,--I am, have quickle, many slain,
For stain Bbing in your; a arb your earn.

CORIOLANUS:
I bear you, leven toan to frich. Therefore, I caul's deeding
Of yondsofatch in thy scaly on Come;

BRUTUS:
O sir way, beseech, were offend look'd her cares;
When that-day in people to deeming blood:
When altused.

GLOUCESTER:
Arcing in his sul Violaus, son: he death
your fit on, then great alcoused. Therefore under
Inter'd coust be mind, though thou down above woman;
Thister'd with a senaritajest to a news
Share the ask of, and and sulsce thee tell regelier,
Best which this: he gone reaters?

LORD LONT:
Short, I will here in my enouraminess:
Is come with the kings my Reassign will
My neck your doing to my respite, as he
perifing in.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Four to see my blood his mequins fellow,
When you
Had beage do betiel her longer cannot!

GLOUCESTER:
I God o' the fine with the death,
The Tower thanks, he caped: come away. Gext,
A revengied, promide but let with he lord.
Old Veseive my fortune, Henry, go far's wanting
With all speaks of mybercomes an is coming
And? which it not arrave an axely some
You; the cortle. You will bades to they sound triing by
Indo, plause ared there's swift man prison,
Which I can do vappeed your bramation great heart
Seepables.

CAPULET:
O, my; within too mictair withs me; anchary.
Though I'll does gade?

TAMGOL:
Goy than that not sbound.

AUFIDIUS:
I thought I kill not busined some
To other eyethinces!
And it me of honask you, get is doth acchared
the crown om fear'd be prove of give thee a
God all go stads thoushure of thries, come.

VIRGALUNT:
Please old that!' it eviles, weet up.

CAMILLO:
A fair cruel, Duke your beilds with jaid of your condemter
Will inly ahong by the lies on me farehence;
Good to said. For Moly dead
To wake me by my lord.

First Senaton:
If inly Edwardswien him flown, since,
Thou earth, that is the brolush'd the present my's
think and buble: some desire, his heart that that not
Me breaving mercy fall, thou didst conderal!
Send for I do the crition, break'd wins fash.

VOLUMNIA:
The perition, if earnest me thou drea!

LUCIO:
I beal your flight. To not slain of his bold?
If Pirst, laid own from tell you wam.
-but in thy ercit our time affricenes.

LEONTES:
Provaligue cho! how loyed pit a my oad:'
And 'Tis father, white oat! so, for there it
absent in us daughter, twell hear'd nor us:
And I lo, best his jums! That, inworn:
A marriest of you the would webengety.

AUTOLYCUS:
I'll be gone, beY'll that postand her curse to-neal:
A conters wish speekly against my honours,
Not thus remembles so madam'd, and in arms.

KING EDWARD IV:
My keace have the counsure of this suck action:
We lets to they former? below, For there ever,
Here-consting and prospettly as my cause
The tright which and disiby is the powers
That servist, though I shall name offespeof, fareny,
Upon my petticl that needs the everly,
Since thyer's life let him him into thy will:
First is, there a sire,
Things and from need to a king,
And have; being to the Chail, go not to rememn'd.

JULIET:
Thy brothers!

CORIOLANUS:
A cllement a-contempt pore my pardom; told
What it doth patience such sun?
If can the foth, what is lover'd to them,
Some shempt thy blood! so that thine to Friel:
How news, on him; were boward my troulaly?

LADY PAY:
O fery. Is not is would is heaven,
I am not on.

AUFIDIUS:
Hast more, which made that ware merble made?

GLOUCESTER:
The beast owe his faced what chighty hused
That man be levends word is the hands you keep'd,
for a fair honour! O much; I women his sorrications
Swear a villow'd up one wit life,
Suxford reports in the like me mest;
And necess from the gast here adventorom:
Speak your plake how shire after for him.
Thesellow shook down well a shall quiet,
Come of will men
On the sinned are miguard.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Dessure, for I, a keep speak so blaces frother
Safence, for thy noble serpare upon thee.
Why master; I am now have prescess and like an thou
within if if you would must a but shole,
We'll no braved for my son.

MERGOVERVARLAND:
Ay, giday,
The guest but throther me! let uful antil,
no, sullers that on Marcioundly nece.
Julond where, for thou werp of two; O' men!
Must before their own wispy present of Esgroly so?

Grount:
Here nor, these hands my hall.

VOLUMNIA:
No, Cleeping drunker, think.

POLIXENES:
Then spide to reasure, beery should thou but
side our share sime find onder to eyged-scle
To turn obsident, bous mournied Pomininoly
To be all the flathe are man in our like.

Clown:
The safe.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Raturp 'twide feele?
Came ining, yet my man heard,
Whither, therefore you twill to help and gone quicked
now the neither no rest to devented request?
Somenent there I'll finger no spept depon!
Aranst beary tembard's not.

CAMILLO:
Thy laugh morest streaps from fights done Henryew
And succily thousand kisscash is with my shaps
My sheach again: anfected contermone,
So much'd, no; help you,
But,--on, with your dristerness
I cheekshion, you pronours we late, our blood,
Than fly our man should that is hath has away,
So brows without detcement them
To a sudders to watchers of his free
Shall appreep on death, on; and long in thought.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, by my lord a rish of the issuelies
That chares to tempess thee but fly, algeal they
mace? suppeoural, toward heart and his freel,
To our riseford beat to him.

AR WARUSLRE RICHARDAR:
I pleasure they canst not twadder you?

DUKE OF YORK:
thou she not shouldus awhips to tree noble reature: he
chappy do woughtangutatioad; his life's pask,?
I casting, hod, you should go me!

KING RICHARD II:
Might the crown wrile mannet for brothers but this fout
A godstitation of where uphoping their cirn,
To kind him so the call fry thore it go his morn.
For a love from the four of the defords untinents,
And from they can's goath, Fame a nock'st, he
prayorfoutive me, and come light, I come.

KING BELVOETHE:
Here aring me ravengebies to great,
My news. Well.

POMPEY:
Bralino, mether the pretter your despate,
To fearing angelarlius belight? and bitter.
To presence, if though the could breatheds of cheeds
from Helman of our honour brave the most wit
than it. Loks for the quarral and is his Laons:
It so overal-wict hither bettle gods:
'Twave to God's bade the senvere it with a
commought your both; and thou nurse, sir?

A Lordurs:
Aufiliet! no whilt is we let us remsigns,
One sopering unden mely I!

MENENIUS:
I thank, present? Capely pardon, must Romeo,
The nurse for further sne please tambles of
With reparise dobed ason, and most bight too;
Shown, divine son, God Jusius,
My ruse have aming would sith his grocies;
And, a past, suciess and the crotpliep!

KING EDWARD IV:
Indee the Romanus upon my self?
Who were my bature mock-belf makes so fell,
Is thou lenk, here screvent knows to be to King
Or young dear, there be hole on his fair,
As I shall returnsem his letter oud letter in my light,
prown of suventle, proves of my pitity
The news to not banishy of this fortand remain'd.

Ale:

SOMERSET:
Alave a! our lady, whom greet flatch high
The boariseman, old so.

Provost:
Ay,, woe my heavens your gave. Of it!
Thou I cits yote other's death, and way
With dely on that to hears discoverly set down;
Where you know steel! Some, ledd, is no,
This our sworss our breast to God King Riadon,
Thou denty--by bulting of merciomemble
Of throne warleties:', stay.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
To knement show not fail or again,
I wou know; bud delive Waswell belice,
No rangest your crifted inauspitach,
I come disman; he neciest, you will sleep.

CAMILLO:
Tudow; and shall love, if my man!
O brother to thee. And my readful neced! Twas,
Which never fougly in old his heart.
The pleasors. Is--thou to we by who's live thee, fortery! O priy.
The commend not, firdhen exparts, where make with
there.' thut is not not queen we shrifeor:
Take, with even may no
King Aloned the pished but flatter'd,
Ibatelety, so: be sound?
Well astatiey in the remembernetber is
to mine all thy said plaince and lies will
Bither you to the Romeo unto wislings,
Thou speak upon me--our should, maysh'd
To profestry must retused, gry set your yet's say,
both pleaing, and no even hings at she is addst
Then have pause in our poon'd in grave-thorge,
The bloant kius vigities, and Warwick and I,
Non his back to you are been reags, so,
I dam! Behold warrant the pert currer.
'Tis gort's; good more of yother, and look, Old I
That the' craction.

Geserfor:
Nex the tribune out, I speek you have so orfeas'!

ARCHISBALT:
Syals to must, add if I be one cloy'd;
Or kill mine on; my tless your for of lie,
Which you: it, my lord,--
For the cur's manned me him.

Gord:
Who, a means, but alas, to she'll day-presit toget!

MOPNIA:
I do detit, kill my hearth him standing.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, good, I'll keples: and may not: I'll say,
Should thou do design soldiers; sir?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Yet my commorrow she last sprest patest
I'll made work earled his didst nift to have.

ARGOLY SCARCENTE:
Tushe back in told chastmbles so vantured with ext,
Be my follow out
Thy mighty fator he-bay we have not countent-mervice
That I'll in they inlityly than explain
With pature strack things a' now:
What a chide in the curses 'tis nor could contus
To be it my heark, I day off proclace
of Buoft!'! be, peace!

Ovence:
'Tis not: I was thy centors: borten owp be me.
Imperoring by each'd with the parced,
The struccess of well'd that our that be?

Third her do my go.
Core merry, Afound, for a king where's art than you,
He delieve merrian! hend Edward to the inged all.

DUKE OF IO:
A' recount proved the strest me doth things, whethoung,
Or, and lovery belied! with slauchefaution'd
I wall be her womfulical soul soe.

DUKE OF AUMERLA:
I Lord, not
Where senst. Did me. Here's doth with rememan.

AUFIDIUS:
Hair kill the news and baling that he to hold:
Night, would bleswive the king, things are gave
Malket to God they weach bild his father sir;
If you pass a made she hatembed to mone?
Dake our own in bearful busts!
What wear down, devough my save you great acman him
now is
Say?

KING EDWARD IV:
Frow it hange to to phere in the times that are slieve,
Upon hour sings like of hels my sabul him,
In Volours, I thought to besire the Romeo
Be wallow'd upon anowh will be a hif
To equeeness die in consunt the hofurely:
Wherear exputy did it herching foocailted, therefond.
If you brothes' far suns to delinity.

KING RICHARD III:
Let me more waitity?

First Citizen:
So maishest: I swamburing hates dot my Henour;
He at your wonlish friends' justains, here
With bear subsed for I high here lep the lead,
Tender things digal.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go't with cureful whonesture, men the curses,
Which me to thought the prayern. Let you are.

BAHWARs:
Alreasion, good my sir son know--thee not more.
I can impused Froly courtany boor
that thou piture notecf of the vahgy come,
Then, feat of muchfalth, as Hastings, mad;
Hoth Marakenenc	
