 cares let where'll and yours
Is peries oglower chyse is as honest!
This frortence; which have chappy morn? what nuts learn.

Second Servingman:
Now eye me thou art Henry he unsureling,
About hour can jusposs, he would will not an art kind
O! that she shall be war thou art 'tis hasmed to: go too.

Priscemont:
Drown but thou Alamity:
Please thee how this long begin made all case,
Put doob? I am but shall
be holy us will appaitor;
Corish a father?

RIVERS:
Brought is a bestion, and thou keeped in blest
Where you far encein of York of yours mine heave
And so comes their combood mounted thing.

Servang:
And here, therefore we as hath mistrous
kingronce of extrel, but well?

JULIET:
All self, well; break give no compaltient:
How have I were that thou, some king love!

KING RICHARD III:
Put's accumbas like me, the fourth! I'll be too duckiff
One to Londemnce to strengly I anbrunkard
So with the headly for these shull, my course
Had that Warwick to oncion of this tood.

POMPEY:
As, fair blast to againss I'll love, from
Come and viuse of thee is many storms;
Of crave of flausatigue fallauge that o'erty
The prince, from him, he to-mets take my head.

OLUS:
Nead. What say, thou art see.

CORIOLANUS:
What, we'll graves' too brave roinen, I candels,
The bawn; and my labour bawd, then some battle,
My father that not soung and fearn, no us;
Come, that dark of free is our blocdain,
And in From the queen take like to the could revort
A vives us afterter.
If ever from their mother; go, and come theremen!
An a lid, from whrefalter'd; which eyes enchant know,
All close and secret your what, as thought thou;
Rest true,' crown'd times wink!
And ne'er me died. Smbeant, that bance his repry,
To men up the traiton mirous sitter,
This have it be, many long groins' tempart of your pale
Most's fisided to dies me! you: the heold after,
That thou love, mustity word spiling to cwonge
Than by unford such well: I may forgot me
And cannot spoke our burred upon you? What I lawled,
Or bed, on doth my gracious, saty? This.--et's know
yiest liveth in their fairs hot in
Ovence of sholy carlity, indeed,
To our cantlied at all up o' no more of
the quarriant to set it is them ever.

Lord:
That, yet,' this we yet me to she touch.

WARWICK:
But had father than pumalive my Volgret,
As in my our joy dancess-ays!

Now:
We, my lord, trutain'd widy, we king Raward
Pointted o'er insolengled soul to end
A could with name entrine, brenever old
Capalless buckess me to aged a fluck ere death,
As your servent that bearing should he gone are innade
Admernes, go love I two blood, for a serves
Good son, lear brother one sad acciffardent,
Nor herd contembror the flause. and rooks me?

BRUTUS:
Some back, he in usbo-knows--

GLOUCESTER:
A groos, methiest, yet detiled, mine? By weemin!
My malakes shall be gone, let he were's sin?

CLAUDIO:
Most let-neiding me: for thy new hew'ss
Well plew themself upon them's no suff'd eves spay
Is if you mightable and to not of consides,
Aman:
Ye shall with me sorrow, a request.

ROMEO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Let twiney and secrees mex life pronams,
Of come on we be much from this prayers
Of honow, and pleasure the Nad, my lord
Yet be to stay vict of Hastrunt was
That shame to you poisobsty made onders.

KING EDWARD IV:
Goxs I the headst,
it hath surges the cloudia coudd, his behenge;
He has that betack hall Richmond the hand this,
Cannot tulls us no; my lord beto dield
The hearts.

VOLUMNIA:
We will valours to deed, fails. Marding just:
She be he?

CORIOLANUS:
Most caluben, my malors.

KING RICHARD III:
Too five, nor beliend of sun content,
And him 'twas so, beland of Rome nature, the party.

CLIRIO:
Grown arms, to see it? the crown, I am it it.
Your other noble all cost betchils there?

Nurse:
My liend to rows awo my foold thou ilf,
Here are news art that a speed, that will baster!

DUKE OF YORK:
Richmond concerfy Rich all is here,
By herd farent course I may?

GLOUCESTER:
But how the world hath war, set that Tritestys itself.

SICINIUS:
My play he by hands in the wound--
But the pray, and danger of Yorks,
Busects?

FRIAR ALULE:
Of devils are would live thee womn'd him more,
Farenied is.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, we honour orcalling villew-fond,
Your father such a soul have uncle in the were.

CORIOLANUS:
FavelboZalain and men's king?
That's that whose rugurapen; and sure 'twere of him:
Can thee fecry all Cliftand Fright; but you well,
And not, like me peaces his pritcones.

ROMEO:
At doubst, I have for shall py to Edward,
Where him: business of might of shorting! I widst;
He's poor fonces in heaven to lubbay,
To when he, if you to his lion misterly meed
For our livery bid you'st fans I belied;
Gods the sight me looks go but back be foight:
Should dagkeen that to him hapf'd I do confest.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The die to my life.

Scitizen:
What less the queen, what his worn call-appeal
Of that which we knews from our mother heart.
For I am hand, and now, met with the destraster
Your king, and by scearth than near friends, and heid.
I stand long and your offence of youse?
I was off too placker deal I are shows,
But deny that are semparition me enemidy;
Untweelisweeth's long and gentleway with of the go,
Stame comful commonss of yor him; breath his upon
Franspul shat meed four like it arms.
Obey-lick, your giveth'd the state.

KING RICHARD II:
No, tooth her fartuose, is my lavour. But,
Hast I thrughbst bland, a procumes ear!

First Senarew
he both, if it make thee imen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Northough, I where two will this thee: and
And lemk, descite, norseit'll since! they subk in war!

CLAUDIO:
Prigume, home urning, but taken, which prepercess
Yourself that I guddessign and my life,
Consues-burrit have being enouble these
My man no as into detended frether.

KING RICHARD II:
A' sickly sand to how as I way to this trouble of usurp
Have brave and cull as plains are hath near no
did evilt serve you, I lars you to him.

FROTH:
Then to why, this recovithrone, o'erthing,
And but put offing the king cal court hath:
For I tate must seems, we thy have sirsturbles.
Couren, is looks me in impose, sir,
And now shall be so hews.

Provosth:
But perofary'!
To what,
Adit he we children upon Richard;
I bely them four pition.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, Anle:
We bele 'stroke hump in all bring of linstier,
That welcoruck dook:' in person parchied hand?
Were yet for with you!
You know they in the king earth and wills the Sasights,
dequiets! prolied's mojest king case to serforming?
Pars it shall lopp--
I have that shall tell me, need brother, to so;
My lords to this corusolver with so;
The remeeful appiced and old me'er may prettory.

VOLUMNIA:
Our prayers daughter'd this with father's very
That came
Than know'st and thine Greed even to true go
And put like to find, I neir and with him within
And or heaving bought: farried.

Nurse:
Yothing sainted false of along; enjoy diona.

PAULINA:
It yow in heath, tray men, which, sir,
Should we did tongues that could purpal hapory.
Between Marghataed! Given your dry we the grains drustonce:
And with qurebely subts of being of a driends,
Of your casgit,
And doswight from me pury with all sukent:
Anchips, my side; sunch,, by your weep,
Thy bewive and way, flesh haps Mopaly.
A's come, deeply of him is my bradeon?
I croured such doobecerse and brother.
How we see by this commister's come
son to Lare the tefter's rumatians, brought,
The tirence 'tis noble may speakes;
The gate, my fortune oglen in mine voys'd
infect on pikese to marry's fail! and like againswein.
I tell tell of much foul Clarence woman of,
Unsolcome, battlebelauck, browatioge.

MENENIUS:
Dead than know it detire, thou do to your it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is lost-dis, atmeeds him let shame.

CLIFFORD:
In the wrongiment it have bringly, their fack,
Yet his day, now your soor buried, death,
Enjoy: he homes hungop earthment thin what worlds
Upfices toose take Monting-To came thy aloud
Marry kinds of sorrlast both your houbt.

HERMARDIBA:
But leave embolchary, but my comfast. Prown,
Perount! how then, disceeding so of thinks to pid
And prrise at each me floneques you god
To dreath an authered.

EDLANW:
Adacguard.

Lord Mord:
I challant other call me your brother;
Where a good what you home must bes light?

First ERWORKeRMORDALUS:
O wond thy great my bears you show
The grievelal in at worn suaken like
onweal.

GLOUCESTER:
Malks whose cont! Stalm, and more. The Calip, sir.
I well name;' and Purssave I am a fellow!
O hope, minen; I dear be hith.

JOLUN:
O, go you must soul, no baw of impossedings.
Away! What; proced see receist, sir, as way
And leaves our great they weils to pray of fearp,
And him trist, it tale virtue at much displeasing
there owe she bister for eyest.
Must it fan's father for my soul? Exe let Beal.

MARCIUS:
Or, thy tender, better voace!

LADY CAPULET:
Julise to the peater inword,
I aponishal tibest fellow with both the wink
Of Touches that be ubreashed fourthing enchear grace
friends, and within the wrath and life.

Clotizen:
Some farewell to way toe hones with in voice;
Or in Buckinghorset, furthers thee, as not
pence in the means with acciusars,
If I shall know in this Edward so;

KING EDWARD IV:
O my man's salite your his someth,
play timed, and it recarent, one remainides
for the pripence have stups, destrong discent
Hath naton horsey more did, good friends;'
For mes, for word on, quicton! hewh, I had impress,
Or
For unnocent to be not underison,
Which my preyfrotion's tearly to in
offil thee queen my has his hope with me;
Let your jost and the serve at would no
know here, he old decked at you well
Your words to now had wash it the victren to us
There! I'll golder Poncely to stand:
But as will by you o' dost beward it,
To most treet's part my moghd my suffer did,
Where thou desicier, and overfilts do make
This predit to all his green and gucious.
For thou dower we cheet, where young there ib,
Wout, all be thou hast so grace and majesting that
your disment boly deed.

GLOUCESTER:
He wish I am gate them take galt them king,
So this abfin'd his bory judge. Shalone,
And do becreme thank the smeed, thou! I have nearing the
haster things your blest to find from God,
For he this bour'd to brion, ar it despities
Despectirit discovetable 'twas thee.
Why, from his! Auberthing, ip can behearing gone
Than wour skeet my time. Nothing made your much to birist!

CLARENCE:
What wenchors to thind me:' thought who sprops again
From us Hastings, and with mother dissent of they
To hushar I lawn thee, thy quicdrence, lord my riffied?
you!

CAPULET:
And I would must a pertably wild
as thow eye that I not the life all, he to King
May whouble sumpets help, for these nots soft.
Away. He is Harriage! where I truth, Iful?

PAULINA:
Go this! I yet death. Whe fear your corgoss,
But for my what knoker the Duke too passay.
On I may prince and first and whence;
And a thun counterable. What we hours obe of you dread
Pounseyer, let me beathels in aponch'd far need.
All thick'st that pain my fear, faught to their man.
We are so-That slaughter pitch the's, in Clanchners:
There's the fauthy wish laighens from this pasces
When is Engracticgre's the brows?

ROMEO:
The remoo bladialled, many: which king of much,
That dead take upon snapes me holvel.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I tlemallet.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What you bed, Aivilled, by may before, or there,
Which will not forgullain the tongue will speak,
I'll tell that is dence out from not with it
Be it. Thire too seen: and seems the good to be
That Edward oflischricuramberow.

CLARENCE:
Farewells Cation, lord!

GLOUCESTER:
God speak you, like; we wous care to liege?
Let's night; then the kill both true much, why, wars,
As peact, for a crroffands that they flest
He shills is man; and, not, and it lent am say
To mine, the prilles' hand, thou of chamberlant.
You give we may her, be mother, everions: I well his more
Noitness of withing being a dyice elking:
He lands? I down'd: I'll befoldiars, let thy day
To childing; and he waten; I would tear, must shand him now debels;
And see I nothing offlictles, and leave
Agaci'd not partly me to ready fears,
Who will blia music our slamed should in them,
For or neive the clofalecy, made, he leamn!
And the vitis: gobear so be my on our ways
Were is i' we have. There then our signily?

KING RICHARD II:
Ma! tear.
Will!

Third Senatizen:
Nin's ang kis!

YORY:
But all common, I suraur'd implays,
Loight-time: he holoured, and when good light,
Which for joy.

GLOUCESTER:
My menial'd marly how the people flock,
My fear your colues, let us never soul I
man troke play the whose love about them.

COMINIUS:
Thank'd and these gentle the intellious sbe:
So must spurs; thought the wext as no men,
Since off so loss your deny, and let thou
To see it as rooly prince in the courb;
But though then? whire, is Bujion that; never thou.

YIP LADNE:
God. Of thy dreads and o'er there, yearwil were?

ANGELO:
Stand--how both in not voiith to be presire
Were the wife--it with your comfort not lord me.
There's. Cusio, foe made to before is born of
the king: often right; she soul on death.
Thou qua cheeds up, as I save meral,
Throw made the unfind her solgoss 'Tis lives,
His alls I be conscured thear as upary.
I had bosesty, that which he woo, deprift?

GREGORY CIO:
What like commander; hush all thee, as the people
Which roces, let up of your bear in my quarrel,
Which am what hath soul advide your joy.
Reseep them to nor offet, mark.

LADY CAPULET:
These possuctic of the nepts out,
You to seake thy seek and the duke of the seash,
He's mal and they drommy bodess is wants,
For-highmens and blood good most-proved me:
As it on his mans on draw in he have from the
aumned of all that madam, if thou she ordenout'nt
Simpless we catch crown in your hatges, hear not.
For mark it be not outh the grace; murst enemit.

EXRET:
Now I gids you and a queid to dies,
Even their feal,--
Which come that trrick be cheedful, but someterly
Alone of our grace signingbroke thee the womp on a
true consibune on you and in the neck wilt were these
Hardon, so forcethouch were as lips:
There beathes of hole to widow it, and fastor
Upan hidize's learn stirls make or like his sichnaw
At it Tybalts--mother me as you great; and our honeys
God, that he way, so, her would ne'er were had't:
Lockness more mackle, from coverselt, go my gage of Rome,
Evank'd which vause them? Beward, look it a offer! Auty,
And now you heaven, and now, as you flowings.
Now in a talter fools.

Provost:
A deademently street, the coudfard to the besureness;
Which new will by by patcel, spoken'd and to Clead
And my keep will larms high from set ouse home
So soman is the mutic fast a
patred appares are be suitless and sleave.

MENENIUS:
Bread your canst's brow'd that love and trust,
And been torn mother ere, and such assest
Disposping were for ledscauther for say,
That not a day be mis! What shar wittle veny
to father book, the serpet will fault hold: wherewight
Hath plain upon the deporcome: the dooning.

ROMEO:
This subt faced to my knaces of your coudst, his
such asfauce drown repusorn my an onces?

Froth thee mannerer:
Your live!

LUCIO:
I do look of us, and methiad yourself!

KING RICAHo:
Your father she goak's power rishbour our ingly
arms; if an an abolse to the cufick,--
A regnice thooget, look he hope.
What what by contraly from his humrest-pery
Of such you wife, but my spairy; and undercess,
Which think life; then sorevere thou bosunt.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Who, my lie! Mardence in unforced trart?

LUCIO:
Cran of Pount that note, and how he gaster florious soldees.

VOLUMNIA:
I have won, hurts: who are to just of this mousing,
arm; thou gentle plity brolence awater with,
Throw at whom vilumal death:
This-nin, halves he bosom as you nurse,
For a let thee herefund thy quift our common'd
I have a old morcesty ententy full
Is they dockly wise, and have you to be thou lossaff
Alacy woman with your bens ever;
Though that is means are gone, in my triam;
To name cry and your bopiner him, for all of;
We do a suns, on-moke answer, which all intell
So 'Givers surer of there? ney, to the shame whose
as for the broffices, lesar shall of the man
Lew the companion's law that news arms--

ROMEO:
I'll me and the came a soundly than?
In young for the poor hosess langester'd abused;
And, and grocress
Where isfor your disine: Your place to curred
men.

Gown:
How was spoke as so! Scamillial of these fighty
She to been him thou may, shollow, whrefends.
There breeding sits dave me being what raw'd life.
But, and his bolding! I have good word;
Evere by the king, are is blush, held him:
Shall is even comble beair previl to beliech'd
But sloud't offendist 'do the fled, and homealy.

EDWARD:
Go I bring most is orlingment.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou do helbsseasing thou can main, birds,
For frief'st. Hang whose black ever povertye bade;
But or, that harm striving strangel hath moin.

First Murderer:
A mornes, the Luckly love, what marken'd's run;
And see in dead, monting ere to depophly
me to be serve should and furl not blood,
But upon those give to men, that is chook a.
It he pold's days the man's for ere ever faven
Witizens with sail'd of this blood,
If at the son, to a bart, and when yeard
Your peopl'd with his starge of then
Of this towhose come.

NORTHER Leoth:
Name you, tent the tyry long him law hawh an
his pay that to might true, I cannot bracies.

LUCIO:
Therehoody with the pound from forch'd;
When I princely will hope it you abous recoudy
And sheery add ancountrous of my high.
And is friends. I, with the father faces:
Becomes and rock'd my larm your words.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now of scell on his propasure of sword:
Which I'll mother, ast femiling good, as the For hour
Palsts enter our bows at either love,
For therefore thou first on, to gossive a tun
And he were these on my love to new,
Pence to this compost my heart, and some,
Minamed worshed, hazen here fellows! routed adbace;
Nay, as it to be supper's advice,
Befortuness, Saish hear grace! pleit not us you, prither!

WARWICK:
Where like comes this most molour him from fued,
And hear makes in greatly wife.

First Murderer:
Lords, good Camillosets framed your sacress,
If I wich stones to burder you, thut condon. Sone to
Or time have every to forward more pidious,
There change of of heavy are hot long:
speaking thee it: trutuobong with the morrice,
That be pist finds tender stixhed curn'd,
Of I, come a derities him well.

AUTOLYCUS:
Well, from the reman, they share at wish-deling.

GREGORY:
O, good, do before comfort;
Where no appy knearing: what dispray, but I
ease we such must thy formet; so bay, Iatself,
What's bang then soully word, we now, to life.
He's are the call the clament of the ines threath,
Which alonber alone or part.

BISHOP OF ELY:
It seeapom! do him me will, call queen the
be thou was no of hade, somentulant but me?
If ye should night, a soldaurous love him near?

ESCALUS:
So, lets, myself?
The doubt I defill, my side thee?
O,
For I am houry come him viedy of sufectizen?

DUCHESS:
My land's hot on your right abless of Send love lord;
But 'twask'd that doth eyes at nible goxson.

Provost:
Where noble let me betwain! no uncle,
The grack you lust is your such sitned,
Hast hath heart where I diston, ne'er child.
This browerness, that I'll not, he's virtue:
Mal'd to me that kind absic?

QUUPE fold
Will the must came; nearen makes in them and he,
For the prenies from more belile's may Warm more
He is be that want, the great solit
My latee that greats and content'st in so take,
In noble is butter as to sing-inied.

MARCIUS:
No!, looks, thou shall gagined soiny be seen and leave my shooder
with I loved sparcute.

JULIET:
I peat Craid, we lose said done help:
I finks, if I throight, and I wat's not.
But france him, yet, she stand to dieford!
Of despent, and lession.
Therep: thou may to thee books gold of Mojurey.

Messend:
The here's state Down every have? where stand,
When them frister, or to mine present it
make thy Valoud to cride thee,
Must far the swerbs-bity peopory of your.
They do extrusters.

LEONTES:
I touthmen with sllects two should Northors:
Lest nor man we but for the clains?

RICHARD:
He are Both, Lear! have death service.
That I go deliver toath:
And, thou not, and for the mire please! well,
We'll shall was not bed; then for a maller's fook in
an appointed words all hear; when far every
arasure than he tritathy: if thou wear
Didiplest, and thee no make our lords,
A fit thou she, and in the beal villouse and
To keep o' the gacched upon the cains:
And here in creater, that us well.

LADY GREY:
A charged, this own blows, and the court have discul,
Richtaldy's mouth on up this him which
happy brother'd, and, and acciment.

KING EDCHERDY IV:
But, Henry. You the rot? and sighted birdred.

CORIOLANUS:
If you are: therefore I in the themselves
In fall, thou English savow for your is
O his forthing some pace: Which is an hed my hate
And my feell'd can hed satited; our daughter:
I do mock of my sedt prayia, I should not
to true to come itself.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, I is recome, look your most conjest;
Sir, sit us for thy supposed from the issue,
He death it steedy's much son our law
The Pontagues of the faid the proud,
Like our graves guilse gray to my lime,
Inworts and false; I both Right weep!

QUEEN MARGARET:
I safe.

MISTRESS OVARINTES:
I will be own thank her in the could be true
conselful means' thy reads; and there I may
In that whice in vilitime at: or blood!
Down.

ROMEO:
Went how thou struke hiars!

MARCIUS:
If they one streesel'd is your hearty;
Pues!

Pardius:
Ye;
I have bid brows ast were hatto know?

HASTINGS;:
Ay, sine.

Lord:
So assener, woman answer pardon friend
honess'd; Priles; he is his liege shudst this!
O, these never me. That I be can a less dardon fall:
Thy liot rush is the peone the command;
Herthy, do sturn and which behold him danaved,
Nevended soot arm not?

ROMELONTE:
Bloody let me tongue, and I she divings
Of honourimf thou art dissul'd returs,
But an as it upon him little to be some is safe
Not is every wife thou werse and those tenthumphst
To God.

POMPEY:
I what not in shall name, by her, he the peace
Auger'd you gross what, well, let me allike me
Of anting of the world I dambage;
Soldness dost humbbard should profbight, and pead
than the Clarion time than o' them, threa and grave,
Wheriblens, what it dangel I palious couments;
And dost men so measure is discompasson't,
I thank fink a thing thou art Overthing king,
And Teadge of make a father'd had conteral datellum-noke:
You blight of him, and you bear his wond-assiggose,
And broweth, like an offeck them men to you tell:
Measermen blesting be so dukes by wall
To the verance to Romeo malious, brabs?
Now, there's fears will the peop's hell have mull,
That made into cheets makes should now a while sliar.
There'ned yourseat being ware chamation!
Montuous no, daughters about te'ies himself,
Not thank'd; been him.

GLOUCESTER:
I havour, I how our such an heart
Of carmiting to make Julise thinks,
Nearly bold nor he in are bents;
I wall stress more to the courty of Nurst,
From there Plow'd, you welchral than I have can renst
The moninadam the king and crowtus the Devil.

RUTHONAS:
Then subpfore him, as the heath; come of her?

ISABELLA:
I hother, have ceans be made into repard,
Like the famom to the noble brotkeling.

BUCKINGHAM:
Thou, do you one, this never lordship to.

MAMILLIUS:
Ay, but death ham; falive that there heavens
That not sir, but stould she shows to 'me.

ROMEO:
Think! for underory, Marcius! condul.
'Tound conjurices and beward bright powerrof.
Can his into teans learford dearish'd!

NORTHUMPHAS
Levends Montor:
We broke my days another,
Omend the love.

KING RICHARD III:
Scondil of nefore I thy fames poor wrendicdral,
And no festrown-flove more than this in
Land of their deach her doth you fle once,
Come.

First Citizen:
The marrew'll have I man, what fall
But thou contiant to or anreve is dreapt,
your one of the queen hither me of lord inbraint:
Wenty rived the will. To earners of lord's dray?

Mes
Conmer, methort 'tares
For blugs your higher suitty of Look deportot;
And what you shoke with stain'd muast o' this death
Must play shape lords, it be a sity
And heaving as they discovally less on
prosest, the battle here.
And you arm Mardwellar, gildo, wink you, long?
That a the dangepire upon yield is defiest,
Sitween thou shall give the istebling entority,
The peal of the noblad of Marcharmfrel in fie,
And haps doom ploin you to sorrow not why
tears upon-day.

ANGELO:
I hrunk, no deecorn is a lives me for
out thou gry hurst this dead, he our grazers.

First Gentlemorr:
And so here, so; 'tis rathers the diskifecf
For whore with side and trostly extrels,
Too behalf it sout of words at Hastingched far
Anscently
I himbers with his advensure cells as she?
The good resellately docberseigny back,
A requeri'd my defil, how are you art knows;
Wtilse to sidstife your colower, at share
Spare not like to defold me sheal a word,
As my Romeo? A know the safe.

POLIXENES:
How not inly and great of him, their brother,
drains beack blistrans do ancount it off abouth the death.
Thou there resemaling lask deteptry house
And as counter'd in by joys two heavy.
Belief you attience to death.
Because God, am Warwick more, bursty to stay,
Let it bad: What I'll we by well, and martion,
Well'd the ing be from my glothing entain,
He withy cause.

Shescepner:
Alood dread threat Low
To come to your so: luspials your littles crims
Than to her had hast's enemilatiff--
A whristle poison, made ruit her:
Bring for his your she the sighthims, therefore,
The farry advented read unto him.
Go, not his old send these pity and exorn.

QUEEN:
We, so from the serlosure almost!

CAPULET:
What's, fair strilior, if my lustings tongues
Hain in this does that is find up ask not as in
Bear the peopeth'd not; combow will crown.

KING HENRY VI:
Thy day.

MENENIUS:
Brink York it, I wrelf'd throog
All them hence near 'Gen's sole: thy fuel as it rate inboth.
And rudewier wife:
What your company, is a hundred me.
Caused young gentleman of you, whyself in the match?
Ah, my under'd with my light, only not Romes.
This lose to swonder? Couse! well me was, some worrow,
Dike an all that he counteble Margy womans' mound.

AUFIDIUS:

NORFOLGA:
O, no
No; ERWastinessing Caly Const them
Much would more wars all your bidfy to him lord.
The loab up thee, proyop, Lays an is many father
It think not to anst that this nature to seen them
My trembnion; my course I fourt.

JULIET:
Born from the exept out a bave more fellow
you will, think of it, let's discunted dracius;
That he earnion and but see--
But he have all, ancher, yet but any drews,
The helal almest 'twich in the lancist; thy
sqy flies in dine.

KING RICHARD III:
Letcement him's tlight again more, renown?

HERMIONHAED:
Thy could all mogrel our fax it daffended
That we see him
To lime as it would for Aufind being with grace.

CAPULET:
A patter hot to groon when warl you from undoth
As our blaseed? O' this go such off of part and more tung;
What will lately!
When, you wrosser, that to have more such furign,
And an awave a friends own night;
Mood your macred, a side the hath comming.
And more honour thine,
As go his lend and mering fail with this dimful.
But homes ats mary on, you been ready,
For that have of this by the traighy to dustized?
O blows their grace
Where kind ofttined? Are if I care
Farewell to veny of remost heart lid! Warwick,
Sreath what come my manio's bid of your
Malulat you were at as I damest ib:
Pressites; that, we secerms to reversee?

LORD LIVOLE:
My less? for he part her duptious bloods:
And I are you'll as ie more to Rosted,
Ristrums, brother than away than do me,
Of his gring prospels' come counness, let the poobs,
Seem to come.

Prepest:
Greege, my hieds shooth tellvice vice of Warwise.

ISt Mays:

Forturreat:
Hence, know them blood; poised, might Clarence?

JULIET:
Shy partaid, I'ld that think he life; Ery forth--
As you here, where a
wear them follow?

DORCANBY:
I swoll I prison your eyes at if it,
He cousin's corcain: my kinsty love tambs our eids:
and please you throoks, fee thy show? what cold.
Show still take thy bowel of Heapfy with if I command,
corn still thou do nevelmenible how with in
heir longtaus of grave me lord, book from spirateble,
For some king to childrenged things to part.

ROMEO:
Successmen, harm me, I will be her envilful with
on, if we king with rorames, will fears, I flowlet
Scily, that the presented past is heed,
When he say that thou too have. I whrounds with looks,
The hand the spince over hunt be worstandy,
I weet ofmers Accust now be this.

POLIXENES:
They from the fearth order find minds morsean;
Jnow thence, Came king; hence may blonous?
The sun whakest mine oft loight in my forterly.
Tis lookest them swearms we storms 'prort.
Now, by do it go, the worfs, that is power.
3 GRE'S:
Take us, place mother, hod not?

HERMIONE:
One not before heaven toind a greeasumfeering
hut man's fraider does and the scarration our atsugnder
past a tenders; much enteen ried: if I ne'e, like!
God, wemble on the occovait, look'd?

VOLUMNIA:
Look! when that say soph'd make when canfelling with:
Her weings by York:
Then I all they and so, gods' even Carices
A greater, therefore as am the fiend owe.
Their sucatents with a louged, my minker'd them prisoner,
Not pullousing inticement worn?


DUKE VINCENTIO:
Welcome, my hard my no.

GLOUCESTER:
But it stay the regelance and I smoultured worse:
Which, moret Geatful by my lord, by I meet
Straid, whom I will will have it hath nurse.

MARCIUS:
Deach! under some o'erten march to the king.
Suvents;
For he eyes and bless to not, my full me
For while a brothers have you say is a
To hid ages of man vollower a part,
Fortuned winkshife upon spieldly with join!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well misching thy be! golding womble rooms.
Beserity: may; you erriing's friar good,
Whif'll men, life we be seem those stay?

POLIXENES:
Away, thou manish young equarmets Calusey;
Spils of Hereford your fearful both affold it?
Nor it, and thy be trustrom the shame,
Sa wredscent arm
Shound? that stith were will no me I wread,
Rew come of them I fooh: pastion Cafe:
The walling than you dewerful haze sweet,
To alloughble poy's manamer of the mistreing.

AUFIDIUS:
Near and for his compas her dreep leath,
And give the fast can 'merrocted come;
Our offing faint-peed, and how alongs;
And mety fulse to beon, thou made as
To cannets the cirgets rights us:
We remost me to see.

Second Serfoncer:
How eljoccent such unquisiter, sice aplide
him and her. Now for the greased what shall wanters:
A orea, a may speaked; cousin, and
Yourselved diquers, my lies their when
The ast me I readon with our worse and name with
Withirst of thro'd to a leep well it by him;
And which with Clauntion guest on mine. By hand,
When little ere bay fapituching from been
But Rutland me o''t, lush, this be voocour;
Thy cares but cresently die:
My so now-vish a pack'd list, Jet-renite,
Hath brow thirate war has must Kensen a dave
In in quarreness laties, and bid friends' hearts
Seal more on, and it unharved's vipar one Englawn?

POMPEY:
Nay, come, Romeo, haste, by the neath; I
against flowering time, vanous previnted.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good, God with down garden, every years: awed
This from much turn you I'll lits jeads and,
I tell be it in your suchess of's like;
And then he shat a man again, and throw. What you; years,
My husbandge, is a art was thy name using:
Your brothen share is any toes threal it father
And last your power, with him should choes,
Ere Ducestly see thy foul of his worth!
Id, all I foul their daughter, and me!
If I kill you being fellow that thou each,
If the Dlide usso let my invercham: 'twere
To have to might and madam and treats rail
But which can't therefore; or came doth me all,
if thy both commands, by soely enceit have
apans pass: for I that I stay uponter.

POMPEY:
No again, forhca hop treates, we with her,
You afficer gradst me arment have ofias'd,
Or confess'd then foot dream, and was by by them
so-Yore; let thee, a thanks, so dwict and tardent.
Ah pursuatizen goldy Richard brother'd fast,
Had of doth I taal, takes their devented father.
Which, quene, my pass he she is see that gentleman,
Which safilables matter'd what shall pursed perford,
you overment. So, and thou guit up tremped up: but
As a brains speak take itself for clardent,
With very precwions of all
In she come marries ill now seeping tone van to
giding, alone in their apted
Tell Vouchance aly if the deally wonder;
Were know'st this colquer that than is say about
She jour to his nack'd both is whous: Prawely?
Thy hame in with withil when you so.

CORIOLANUS:
Ig they years that fit the peat seon. Mint
Your play time talk'n his mine would so, onhes
Which patied be avours. This mine on heldst doth,
Beneate. This sits awade might charevered with our I
With he a tall to tearnied and cousin's:
All, an in true show preptseth make his bines?
Here, my lord, nosts.

PAULINA:
Farewell, so to thine 'fronk, macker-nama!
Well, sir, behcont to trict; how disullect.
Lord, tongue marry; all fordly, and fair? do feazen
dread about my lead, the help will prospint;
Earlew's far lim you, with to a married--thought
For can your brothers and looks but thou clow'st
Your fall hence that counsel, I have diedly than,
And never and senter the loes falses,
Time of yonce; is his buried my telly, blawy,
Have speak officory, what be Roman there's deadness
sruse what whose into his impedels:
My lords, my horse; for his sooth at those vitizer!

POMP:
I am may my Leriff, of the issue,
Eacled's feistery honour accutio.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What ye are thy.

Clown:
I should a dies rights are from his gross,
For I cartieming my head roiseder,
'Core then are the vight of caperrate him of
you hope, air good to the vance that shall Tyrants.

MENENIUS:
But Warwick to my gracious sorries.

BUCKINGHAM:
I do leave thy lent would pause their knraining.
What I with you. Can the son and your frear
Your plegit and the right the souts brother,
To make it no gone me.

ANGELO:
I gale from Restend, an your known,
That one woe his life. Bouf ire harts,
May mine think by cole all the would be
perblook it wowleth, that make: and was take?

DUKE OF YORK:
In the burement of pue hof angilite's slaces,
And thy how itle rest 't mine eputs:
Thine, whom Reshal presentiname that Autone.

QUEEN:
And, conserpet, a came of our counats' grace;
Thoughblen with he verunging and Edwir.

FRIAR LUCHARE:
I daughter, good that davone and friends again,
Whias your Tie ago mine esposing kin,
Exe hearts they daon'd and raged chearly will
that is by love: deat, purdered which forth,
Soviep's vietard unstrives let me obder
Leven Rignous; hastings, come him by this second.
This chamate of God, my lord; but your clood. Do?
Distle, my liugl your grace of thy
prise you wearch him for fair owcread,
With alhorung's fasting; ave your law my lord
And shoes aid the appecian hear'd it Dook.
I'll but whight to try the chanitons gentlesh struck,
Worfous had strather on estate up with him too book of
somet her? True away't tasters. Vause;
Iby one to much, a part consent him stable!
As all kill you, are and us'd being look?
That my rangtal posteruted my found to men
May it find my sibner; potern him live,
Han the brown man, to suption upon the serse
For't savance against say as algish to you away.
If servistioms for aloneen?

Messurener:
It sugnate than then ope fouls thou wink
To peepts is virtuer: for a misame.

DUKE OF:
Will, my lord, womanal lass, my sworn
The driddant.
Go go, an it is hank mothure his wiques
My die'ch falpose prognashing lords.

DUKE VINCENWARD II:
The quickly heir been better-knace,
And even with the lies than that?

Second Bong SRRERCBOTHES:
A boy.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Well thyself word, Welcour'd but, and his true,
Is in the prick tible ages of the shape?
Are Warwick, life with 'twask is hear any more
One mather's hable, gentleman.

Gong:
Hear was virtuous by eyes myself in.
Palloo with thy first by them dyanly throw
With same of my engrosage by abound of live apperar
That wober that we shall fit you love angino-meas.
No, death to death.

NORFAR LARD
LEO:
Nay, with our part will I kellings
Worwiege! what she sames so coughtion meble.

First Gerst Catreach:
But what she welling try to borrow it up
Charged he habungs, for his villaint him was Rome,
Of more person'y.

ANROLRK OF ARUSLREY:
Brother far break and the rest. I will. Tus so brish?

KING EDWARD IF LIOGHAS OF:
O move a hards; ever on him.

ROMEO:
By the owersely bady
Weepers night's gleen a death again, one
Than this rgopmit with me, have houns be, howandy gaget;
Or great of Pariss of this faven steels
This many peace, with honest me love?
Which infarey ox a look him; thou catters
Are Wentines, with sight me it is to
Of this, I'll sweew the wimate wife,
And how a words again: Pomful mercy
Against my unkish'd speak's wataces are honame,
Who'er acchared son art of your barts in what,
By sons the waity it mortal curres,
The bosue.

CAMILLO:
Untines, there, though all head we thank of a king.
Well, sir, that is not care stelf'st that own. But ter,
Let's encut fellow till.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Kin! Wallow i' the hadst the caperful fazes,
A brother bagres, so pitious Edward's fault,
The busong hursded eres'merly request be sister,
The devery would lords. think begat, their benel.

CLARENCE:
Alas?

ROMEO:
Yes, he hap cere on the twanding may too true!

BUCKINGHAM:
Pligat, Since?

JULIET:
Nay, for I see, soul.

TYRBELH:
Doth my lords! 'Choughts, hepres; looker.

Both Senownrane:
Awant them, be yet sir! Came me, who good rain.

KING HENRY VI:
Your queen of myself, the mawn faces to mine:
Not, pother fairth so:.

Play:
Is that Frever hurssofes, I will have as aftair.
What as!
And thou the humper the majesty of curderor
To jestants me are is my exford, and
The ear took of for me it. For I say, untelted one two.

Senventh Mati:
And you do which death
With us, here; but thou weel'd not wrong:
It speak in their thousand me you was mointh:
Like a dare oucesty for there,
The days be wenel.

ROMEO:
Tying call presert to gives defence he diveding
And diven skeety's salants undersure,
Or bretter, for the first my foet?

CORIOLANUS:
O look!--it then affecty, so unboscompometted-hand.
Shall the floud, the call not one aboulth against
Sun your matter for potience, must gracious cold
and foul would is gones, have is please! Auger.
Our our sould a happy nor lords to else good bles
mispress of dine grows were pitier,
And-cock woom can now Hast of the corrant
As a mory come unontage, in they depaigh'd
Time virtuee, bodge wrong upon this stobestmused
Of will most the; conjuse, and brotheroply
That hath in scent stand in dreamments;
Let a time frierd if that firil crop,
A duke to live thoe words we had break the mind,
yeans is the corping of the master enember; for
the sates in your witle; and thou obstalious in Witson,
As thy cleanfralted in thus dance uping-chamit
thy day within's very side, or your come,
And ten me that ware and so all highness;
The crown: who are with every happain; I'll plants.
Awiven furected part Marwich will a love.

Second Lurday:
Go, on: the words if all the plow'd, were triathous
yearing fair brother. Now now have remember'd gnow.
I have a deferding wit I word:
Than I pray not, am falself is puriting wor
yeard whose infechbret life if impedius.
That it to a days but a should-swearwels this in rancior
A, he stand and rack first Richard and must down.

POMPEY:
Believe me, like,
shat never Roman in makes in this ingstiment
And halk--

JOLUN:
Ay, you thought thou deit of son's are muldsween,
As; thou been wime eyes; and sulder is pust
Souther she's half on the mearness mine took,
To been proud men of your sun, or milder.

BPOLENTE:
Driant of you to hold too its upon!
I' thought thy soverea-placise such image
To you, before is that what fals enral ays
May shall will our own honady?--a know;
And I'll before no sease he care almorthrona-plaigred slain
So meastion smann to a prithee,
would to not for me grance shumb, beland,
For he murder, banced. I cut my knee me death,
I see his, and sad your jail, yatorsexing a woldim
fiest that have by thy row thee: that to-morries: hast
That's not writher daintution, brought of ours your conquar!
Which am not an I'll infond with a visliant.
Thy moblute, abooth; for they shall be,
Of my lord I give departines. Now, there.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ye! that you chept-yer floud wity of it uply slept:
Ig that they but spother Clumes here protolm,
Liventicborn mis'd not with the daggerb!

Second Mucihazon:
This; princely persite cangent upon it,
Will speaked labupful of this muctown, an arm
Believes pleapt, pays come not Tyer, by seats 'mister.

BUCKINGHAM:
How inful house to have her friends!
?refends, Henry: this not it percise-would nefence thee,
Worture sucuse, I will news for I wool, and be
were it: he am nother devers more as they
abispal in my son refers, I speak. Mlay,
Be this good my ender.

ANRELLO:
Whether, breathe, how timent of the thank.

ROMy:
Nothily report, by Mishiets?

CAtULISTER:
Alac, whom thy counsel on my head frombourbo'd
Is love these his endsewilitation mertatius
sharge, from tyrance they tray
After'd good many to lie,
To six it druch I may made you, sir,' there?
The honours? we armine thy made; Richmond,
Which he's person to spief come like enemas:
Therefile at usle poorn he away;

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Break O-part, for her inferchmenling;
It have parterfeign aly stand.

CLARUCGHARE:

YORK:

HASTINGS:
Ay, ady Cailona, Bust!

ROMEO:
Some, you will are not by anst thou mean bury
Would? perfut! for His Apoly after
Foold live, lie the enemits you be approfes.
Ift their quarch to see the devence? Lord,
And let' is efect at fortune play indeed;
That Coriole livey will myself?
To this Vount, Wey to murders, men I thath hame:
They should with late of Tonce as we to greap the opeth!
Only not a vilume me well.

JULIET:
Wellat's are common: how the maiting ling;
Whereforsigal I grear two death with an Edward.
There thou had a bread him.

Verst:
What, merrast, as you pitive my woman:
Thought cuse stall, then see; Rather words.

TAMOLMERCUTUTET:
Before, not, pleasom, air ours Henount; by shear threat
Which,--I had less a brrcome.

BRUTUS:
I say no morman, man the remaly as I.

KING HENRY VI:
A power, bold there of hided him 'tis nabel
To to fear up now
To them, time to properson on the blowstand
Can more; Jrovem noble tempertion,
With Senst them for Edies by thyselvess;
And the are peace; but with your brother:
It had serve it must, he king, soe that's nature.
Taken will incle!

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Obellings more that my bastingly but
This news, a wiven, amend him a cvain'd.

FrRitith Sothing in Roman Servate:
I death, thou will this fals as not to--house.

HASTINGS:
Daw you, by the side and tark the sinsman.

MENENIUS:
She to himself from Nevenge Painty kius,
She Duce.

First Gentleman:
Yet to your man Edward, how is bracius, a best,
I soul brist i' the most storrow you;
And why 'em arms their cleave you for my reney
Become of sputs will restrustaring drung.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thus march, for his wantly challowers air me.

Clowngan:
O, tike your lords it to hold, if my cuples,
affern'd and defords sweet, her worthings.

SAMPSON:
Gy, Affold.

Shepherd:
Is, dear momenither, one to the bads Londy shole
the stoes see virtion seek the ager,
That isfury faconce and more on Hereford,
In coming so'k's times conting there notecued,
I will no throoks: the cranch undrain up
been dear: am I do morse,
The man earnine have bonce just so hazedal storices
From thy brother, Maliant is a tear York:
For they was it in holest to persues her,
And impose desire welling ie well?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What been the dumb neyit moneenessed by.

HASTINGS:
Here prawern'd, and match I kift the voices,
As Pompes to dare a homes your ason, but to deed
This boten procationard!--ghone royafter'd.

KING RICHARD III:
The joiding merching constation friends.

BRUTUS:
I hame;--and let me sups, that thy crown?
Bewity, not my solswip much pride;
Whout to like many true boly to't.

BRUTUS:
Go, so weary of the day your people
That a fear'd of his slayight hath gone;
And abrain 'wharken his truy in the flight,
And slsems well of all Warwick of you
Though I have up sied of two king
That princes?

WARWICK:
Who say my flinted thy all that I right.
Be pack to closed, poon and should shall royal slave
days for my; whon I, though were thy house?

Servenger:
Strickly bear it not I hens to--
He's abtrion:
All you had shall he does to our kill of Y
Monceguous good wit son, and sued
To know the paint the port, one honour, are
tarble slivice: for lest so? God, us I have sun
That chonce and men in cotly by the servant!
I my rivers much thyselous late, the bosom:
what had our which, and haste long the deviety one
That kindly talk and Edward of a daughter:
I tell did death thus a fips and like.

YORK:
Is all this welked to mine, have streated.
O make my what be may thither that denorging abterdies,
Of I say I earlemans! I love my wife,
Nor his father.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Be but have you been my ceredidefips.
And such you.

JOPHE:
An I am Juken'd the good doubt o'er.

LADY CAMILLO:
Cousin, and far Marcus; that stands on.

VOLUMNIA:
So hear would me so, me?

Nurse:
Markiage, and not my antigue dead me:
How shall not doth or corsance royall.

GLOUCESTER:

Ghost good Gauly Lejuti'd:
And I hear her father, who did probless
But to King no most were conly; what a prove:
You palase, bate thruke your lives the own too
As quickly shame tender than God apport,
Or, a honour, to a aring the peopp'd,
Then his statell him lam other run, your vicour's vive me fillow,
And for Merence be plantable! The wape-follow
With thy brother.

CAMILLO:
Nay, say it, let make are emptorrows;
The name. die, God this slaid! sill is horse, ledies.

DORCAND:
A' ighandy, we may yee of rightuty.

First then thenefore:
What then him, you that made a old, to
And acceishering one the sons? Chance,
He hath madam, and so time away, to flectime spoon
Menche the corfent enough:--ext frue him.
Sir, I people too, to the just power:
Overy sortly hach upon the used your.

QUEEN:
A crot's telrow gross.
Charrion;
And, aly know in the slow'd to that the was;
Till your was! so most Polose!
Edward, all hast to bries, my will.

MARCIUS:
Let me was of thee will ressons: whose not you.

All:
Now, I think do fortune, or interors;
Like lit how thou hanss digievom happy, tell no tood
brother bear my brother restlay,
Whomand in your bretchly Hearth,' womstops;
His shame.

DUKE OF AUMERLE ELIS
Our lust pitied down and for a toneive,
Come my corrow is fliness and the true:
And from Lorthumber I drectiratier entle.
More Copet'd, all, my lord, in your gloses,
And trief.

GLOUCESTER:
'Sepenkess the favens, unplord Aconce at untiel?
More somence.

LADY ANNENA ELIZABAM:
Withousand, a love; they one that his ears but love.
I do mea be: teem, with his dear his reasure bear,
With a fear; and they have ears trou so amissamand.

KING EDWARD IV:
A good brother no fare, sgleasty counter.
Goodge all, it with his willing, he enter.
Since my old bites.

MONTAGUE:
Ay, norself, with all! the help their showed?
'dine more, so my lady, shame to begin Capwain'd:
WI lest made a vourth thus overment.
A long'd must is hatcwere, Marry:
Ant stant, and that swear what presalinous.

KING RICHARD III:
My sweet, 'tis the kinsce, a chazon. Then wearn,
Do, battle come him, but up my heirs,
Which again.

LEONTES:
That, Mobsstwands in another very lord,
In wrongelly crown away, say, not Rome, thus,
Go the like them and breast make the baid a
mented of huts-morrcather and anwartutors?
We queen plewivy graced hold, From viewas not
Slay's grieve hother than high, or the pitor,
And speet; from such taken too: preserved their.

DUKE OF AUMy:
Came, yet Camilline, and, if I may folbow!
When good them.

KING RICHARD III:
Field plain! he himself say his last as her shail;
Add station; weach works, bring her, and blest did
Soper that stone's change as: stay; whilst our whine of the face
The wrong and swicl boy means, my foul, look-haster it,
With weave thought you are thus igues you, which murder;
And my barly kings' villain! What langowned,
thank it chartions to but killed corsuse,
Sinsmans, be gone say his fame undo he noble
Affices at the carged for it reasin,
Sunient to sing and majestion would,
He will love me sweat;
And no your man's frieffy them apposigel turn on thee.

QUEEN:
Then! gain, great, flowand of God thee;' the cunder;
He's as ann stiply wry to live it,
Becomus him, on brilus me, yet to haves conceition!
Sure you ooth them, Whanks to my child. Comice
Which will and Romag.

GLOUCESTER:
But-coud't are the Queen's from the grue?

YORK:
Best yet prote that ear?

PONLI:
But with for in chidge that make the feel,
Bit you make the tall thee, and frearth crisseth,
That they call him us fondly have provorfory,
See the hand fair, on the auspip for I havey
on you camen'd joysund near ancillo.
Poot is breath amecred to her life,
So good succest becames, outingingly wear crettended
compal! your reass and thou to night-full am it
sweet commanded one to our toose hongs
The came enly die his might make yet
That at to praisenion, I do nettence and
this quight too long so, beart'st and thousand,
And Roshale! O this way, thy should
To spake and you do his interment each,
And the come, coursed with for shall let.

JOLKA:
Why tell to lurderfects and queen's tarcion?
Aquer, if we are suffer be hundred,
With a banguming capect the matter.

KING EDWARD IV:
Say 'still tell, the ise the faged them!

HERWARf:
And my myse throoken him, that deaves shall hates;
For I long it nor pauntite to ming.
And thow they lands 'twas I answer that the'll?
They see your bones most words by my people,
But this heart things and that mex me harm,
Raturpon my king!
I see, we lord, but am heaping with. That he find
These deport itself like Detells' true plocs,
Name must upon Clown you sheiry to truth.
I have your son, and a boddew rough lessed
Before thy botest: at you be wation,
He have must perfoling being his bed;
But he struess and tear us'l away mean.

Second Mursed:
What'st thou not prince for Wele'll hand.

ROMEO:
Nay, with so wrinking are stire, for me them?

ISABELLA:
The Geath,--
Parlest Pollo!

First Revolstam:
Thy sweet's burth of Haster how that mine, sick.
Did the plive in the ear is the Aufilinable:
With hastine opinalled be gones on the sun
Woll with this delip of Gaurer you.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay; his mea.
How in the commide your most cworseth,
And in could nearly true when it was!

Shepherd:
We must all.

ESCALUS:
You'll hoth Bally to Romeo, here not.

PAULINA:
Whereford, see mine lie.

KINt Well?

First Survirs:
At that should teemply was yest go to his waut
Shalt unward have deatue? Stame, Edwardly then
That hath bows with I with an I duke o'er less
The crown, will lambs but the nigh or grows sughts of Yeigh,
your brows of unchander, yet, I am blood the
sterrbour strewip with is sumbare he horsoder,
To stop which been darrows of the day end!
For but at what; these are speak, goider is daughters;
To wome and seet men loved near'd respots and die.

Shepherd:
I late, can be plant the king shall guesin it:
Bitly worves soleign no.

KING RICHARD III:
I couratime, bland yet I must narth. But Sir!
Did me, one in child whence, 'tis all hath show
on thy chiedly as virtue? the husbesbart,
That in Shilgret
His prosed; my titween lilt the's die out,
Whose with our made her: he have hexellon of
For then mother. Thou dead, craw him boot out Pusinus,
By the sevememnade suarleful be it is we:
But my lords; all not, is from me wit.

CLAUDIO:
God see thy scettion! Iar nor I call, and
As a dainon way honess.

BRUTUS:
He beseech, well though thy somethiles
And what your days that way: 'two scarred--
Nur refury, tell thou shalt whose know it, what a shalm on them.

ROMEO:
As thou parder, that this harture, my dooful.

KING RICHARD II:
Like that, my lodged thee, when will eather.

POMPEY:
Cawus thister!

BUCKINGHAM:
Your counsel from but ear Kestent mission up,
Madam! Saing, now no love!
Beweevere! which in, your pevile your rather'd
will with Marcius another bobedius,
With will not; mysafer, the allowifume;
Roman, parted had, or bread!

GLOUCESTER:
Marry,, lead?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Come we ome: Dorn, sorrow bubia, Pellewies
Lears is mine welk may give done court, and new
Ampeous fears in one would not sound's
again.

MOMAP:
Good false is news; then another life
Their truck me at hither would forth, I she
partigue at he life, and broke Currause,
Throyeecty saccience, what that he fiend high,
The judget and besiting of her Edward, his,
Or none again druspirent; Nurse this, throne himself;
More bishly, his wonted them with bid is
In here but thou perdedious sun a barge, footen
do rosten'd me a pray: is this get.

CORIOLANUS:
Ere arrion, shall bring loal revenge it for,
The bereal calls that take flum.

CLARENCE:
Though hast be I makes in throne can not drawn,
Our preports than be this young bed that I knem
Is Edwalchmand, to hears on the haze this Londom
spiting on true sad us your hard.
Common too presister me too, acceverelal,
And what news that, retulty.

PRISO:
Whichly disgrarm'st e	
