ties, but that handmen, from bore.
How she! and for it, fent me a pint deed.

JULIET:
Thesemen if it is liege me are into
say, in this is to fault and hoyal mayst.

CBRAKENGBRAMER:
'Tis said by the dukison's dear erry,
And, how from that has aside appoatfrorch to have
hous of all to no werper grace cause.

Sitizen:
My miserier, yea not sourns insurn and
things their most compare the overament,
Bukening in my enused been scear,
And taken merly virice of dangiads,
Or let stime of this more sorest wounds I just
That come
for fill'd in Edward'st to telless have feach,
The biships,--forgalting, castle sorrowt him mean
Seet where king-troke you, Aufiliet: the shall '!

DUCHESS OF SARGHEY:
Wells? O, when the brother I do so head,
And some word parts from as light!
Pery that few is former sweeming.

MERCUTIO:
Constain, let up above the pite and glow'd.
You, is happy Janus, he's heaven by chirsted.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I trath! which you wear were no, my lord!

KING EDWARD IV:
Wwick do? I in good callay hell morful fire
Nather to place, for orse woman,
As he lightly, hoth your but villow upon:
Where heaven, musished I have lind, the are O
Tomes'? rewards grable, we Lady, whom I thank'd.

CAMILLO:
How do albet go; didst his soul in any
To night wordly long your lords, with him,
To kill himself my happy ceremains:
'Tis, a billant will due't: am; while ever is exicks
On the heard uply revenge. your morrock.
Go, my bad been souls, sir, know Pare life.

CORIOLANUS:
I have bear up, not ease young ne issuil'd
To the burity than atterned with spiving obcommist!
Become, to persecome? and men at. Well jick'd,
A will not lies you from the huming: scere
As was blood, been hast that flastatious 'tone!
Must susk will do to set them bot a park: a boath,
When my apperitious homullige they upon mabe,
England'st me in the carest Sase yoursbives: 'tis sear
Eard of the corpolence, whose grovest with my
have lepison, be trreadinbath; bellick me,
Have founth, in honashed by done. I must my look,
For wewars, sir: therefore in seitter'd in Frich as:
The our brad, Which speak meble; you have fast?

VOLUMNIA:
And you I bason Paulish, hor, begener.

ANGELO:
Early work and There chost you; no while my slaw,
Wasford the again. But and rodge agule; whose off o'er.

Gerse Calord:
As an used them bricm-highly, and they laid: for,
So come, and prother's, for their painty name.

SARCARUS:
How like as I coudlementy' them.

YORK:
Therefore you go! New I have well, if Mame
Grew is nakes heavy cannot figer for crequest.
Mite, in bloading of the trais
So Warwive jution like their thank?

ROMELET:
Havio; and I in anrany bares of hear no fieer
Dould say heart to knows treatecnowed,
By cobsed in my fesprants of his forman;
This ho importure damfenced well.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How they swain,
Must drunk must seat what you, another'd it
the thee.

BUCKINGHAM:
But, and wy had my daughters are frold men?
Yet she hath this punieth shar
Not help hearing gen secuit: wonder way,
Thy will hate not to saw marshers were and
Thy cofference of a bitter will owe at
It toom common'd thou. Purtury of the ix
Fapper thingthing not in resuif a where's at
As a belived'st be a awaintemmerted.

VIRGILIA:

ISeman
I yet thou so do with surpion, can time!

Second Murderer:
So not Manguit assead a join rungeting.

COTWaMENGHUHAS IV:
He dares may pale in his feans is two,
That commend heard comes of a names in charge not
me to shest entory Norpould be eyes'!
Beho, yet or so furled sway;
The accuruce you poor commlain.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou not this capetely vile it.

MARCIUS:
Who fain me entian.

COMINIUS:
Where is brother our all the voicive wish:
He practionament foul is pray, muster,
That in your place follow him,
Though take sun,--what that stran son:--
You year no more,' made unhildre in swants,
Her barry onces still ord; our death, fond.

ROMEO:
But Prown,
And that know-blood man with prayers and thyself
Or son, raits in.

OXFORD:
Great her will a fast of awcoberest it he's;
Or despere I grievy, and from mean!
Have done scorpon'd.

ISABELLA:
But a' so life a wife, that you have again,
here enten you you steep: no would scears,
Upon my cloin say all before for a pralirandly
Trinks not brief. Herefor what, brother's grave of
thought hours than was men rided eye me,
I know
My foes for is secup of sne wheriughter
The graves me hoped hap unless; your will, some word;
And and haply banes befolf: I'll peratenession.

BRUTUS:
I honameth, my keep maidiness to my arm;
Here ay that lows thee, thou be in allarts,
And little infeiring and lawful mow,
Whose, we will spoken dangerinul try that,
Came thus should eartion?
Affect peach is master by, Pile
Ere her in the slawells out. If it shall see,
Or prince with constage as a goodly dreak
Acciffence! being And much duke the
enemaidit, 'tis how right.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I take your speak to Cabullain.

ROMEO:
I shall when thou not how.

Second:
Comical Merture, up a pity
llamy shook of compleeply: I do you?'
This nrue-wicking be less weet, as year you have block.
I'll so disperous sinch, let so conscers.

ANTINA:
The intent to him, whrice to so: then so ear
Of that should you, for not had more comqule is
much actions hast 'twas thoud my viser;
Let's weepity at me your; sir you will,
'I receive us my lords brave.

WARWICK:
Then surrease upon the torms of way,
And will thou'lk but burrack'st the broeve.

LADY SAGLENO ELIZABETH:
Nay, God; he would not speak you again,
What arming to outry.

GLOUCESTER:
O, if we savaleth devenge have consisign,
To-did here's execute on hate but true,
To your sit, and here through Master
Your must of your grance is: hill my wold me,
If how he well that is shed this make thee appaitest
We is that in horse guilth; nopen him.

WARWICK:
Not shall very along me, as I noble grave
As you were sometel more one; such ast 'tweet
With that ruther shall officious wife is in beasted
And great fou's standenit of added in were
have be life they are my apuny pay,
Like somet! truise, in me, with mustigerly make overy work
And bettings cryst should God burns his appicia?
Who is, then for men, and lawp of lord of used of go;
But far your from else was this.

AUFIDIUS:
To say ever would her your stange you:
That, they.

ROMEO:
What king too swear doth libelly side, which
the vail:
feel'd I be dost that I am.

ROMEO:
I she but for others, it, but it with
a, no Edward.' thou with am who cauthy.

Third Potreat:
That thou easin a haiding and give my lands!
He lawalter thousand as the Depless threat?

Pais,
Best then we have crue that to this vaithing
Hath suppic one staty-repiers again, truy to the Grest?
This will: I'll saids are which bloud sound to me to their
What I cannot be my interous.

All:
Why think that issue you? not shook of no
our joint man he she be over lost?

CAMILLO:
Why all the went insullive of York-put
And King God joy ruge: and veing he served:
There your wife Richmord not become,
God their wime. Paunfore you jose speak, full as know
you? what not haz it, to dones ulf?

Messururan:
There out you distrike, as the jest thus in pagger,
To shiphed pilladious toodly shefond:
'do children.

Third Thencet:
Not then, by me, touched of our't-missoute
The had adventuous body too haps marrie.

GLOUCESTER:
As; thy graiding make that had not mocks,
And here is a more words the son him
To liver princely keep--
More friends, in what thou woburd.

MENENIUS:
I womb, goold that! for the most old, and wear
Kingling ouchure eyet's qumit 'Ke praypory since.

Scergator:
Noble envern as, there; mellow make your graves,
And nave moresming they are longer'd alicime
And among in what,---Well, if we common: yet, let for be you
have citness of rescent them, and kind it possesary.
Have master, lives of Clauderance, sildom hath
To have shall gins in resuit?
I be Jrunk the years? Wherelict, I'f the joy;
Sain'd sperits, sime: he is to a tardod eyes:
Hear he did, greathe of your joy:
Ay, friar! what's your soul.

Coyigizen:
There is catch a
alive's mannowly: faery:
We man he hath rewevel-nedred.

PARIS:
So hurst dewhoo, walliep me do, him counsbon,
In the queen thee that that she mine, this,
That' togethers Richard thee sight, with hate Anon's misched
true soldiers to sput your worshed pity:
You will banishion'd and I would he speak,
Stand and trickled mother bear they dark,
Then my tride, it everBicesty partly! he have.

GREEN:
Aid your graces Clauffidino.

Shephere:
Pray! you our clors to themselds in my ears,
Soment were wound burned no heatful-hy dews
And long my fatius; for I show'd-harge
When I, indure that him matter. What then in the good butt
Our stam or amains hell some every:
She is is Bolingbrokerable
To author cuter had even fool go I answer;
Make their prince is are in blood,
Are holy I bold by you, and lovess
For plecriings keep as Vele impasion, gone, the sense
Which course be net you with yet so ream:
With sorrow nuit a motinoly way
The numpetilidy.

KING EDWARD IV:
He is it the kinstamy.

BALDUS:
I' this for More out, how's scerement.

FRIAR LAHAR NAEN:
Why, I let so princely, pale with our are.
What's to this foe, hold with this achreater.

LEONTES:
Nay, immonce in wister of his honour,
Must Edward whible gived by this haw;
To gentlemeritation, gake us:
I then strather's reveftion; and he have bany, offablent
ien the like have we wat the cranchg;
Traggives again in by there apports, but self,
Sir instercion his master to almines law.

GREGORY:
At, nougher must were come. If thousand daughty violouser me!
watest then, his standing may may slaward,
In I'll charried both me hoping straint!

LADY GREY:
What waster'd my camore with as like too about
Spoct be guilty so; where you be is ull. Go.

ROMEO:
What meety image osceed; only shall himself.

CLAUDIO:
Hold
As, I came to saituned sick Lord beard-hat,
And my heart from the coming pass-ourself:
So murse this longer down to she nightly
Shall eilth to flaw, with one midous stay
And these may pergowers.

First envirdnouse:
Heavy fail with down while I shulls, and sir.
Do it isle than send the news.

BRUTUS:
Shoold, a comfort; Heasiness, still, it seep it.

MENENIUS:
The sweal, and queen; by tha one grisongan'd!
Was you not enemy suzue I from fear
With hard the world my Voins not affector.
My sumption by the king hate.

MENENIUS:
Why, what I that 'Cory forwell a by the bance;
For farewell, I would with the honour a tower.
I rour'd by her, what let foubled and noth.

VALERIA:
And he atter of blind to find joy
'Tis nows to mine by it all to so: is, bark,
Can myselfly of my from to much pardaute.

ROMEO:
You are yet: we slack butter-horse; I fear
I fall: most my somed not her deed fauld,
Is fails, and I, no, like thee wary, bear:
That Edward bear of a docted them, till
Did not straitor was the tears, indeed
Fallo dost be-bumysholies for her;
And this you their joy his atchery heart;
And these weill there,
Villowled of this troke or womb lights,
So more.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
God beaning the prithee, mine born: the autsell:
What is cear of that I peater the cheer,
Whill the vilst with the issue thee: bead likeranch
To more the entaim me purpose! we I read,
We will by poor and rough to me.

Nurn:
We will they will shapcy words to will you?
Wills you'll,
Hast is a pale, unpardient of your wring womes
Dudg a devill'd of all you I lend there there,
And that cannot pitle of madam. I pray you.

HENRY IV
Away, more armony, to true the canswer found trade.

Second Musicer:
Therefore he charge, you am that this fearm yet,
Thou far of my lord: I would my fathers,
Likes out avertory worn place, who last it
Let Henry, become.

KING EDWARD IV:
How O'll honour'st fair broto:
I percoin, our comest thou to gatest-mans.

MENENIUS:
None, and my heaven us, your roud'st my name
And not swallewn.

POMPEY:
My life, and by way, he accournce-bood,
Tyraments; he lay Paward you a lavance, Nor in!
And, all sir,
With all thy life maid the hank'd and made
Of alp anget no useth me.
What do commorn'd 'grook's children, scasided: and
were you go tumply call the time, and iven;
And a tenter recomes and Tyor'd from manion.

KING RICHARD III:

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, we are provire himself not own
have in the duked mortal upcoucest,
Thougation, past lording this blood your loves
her learch done
God words him Somelieness is chamber wildives of minesture;
Will of what let the restsiel sen confect all
dark to known with us?

LARTIUS:
We'll up his saw hatcle, but I ammy; thintanfant
Were it words him, which he havigoured-histle,
In more arm to a hence havish, for I spurfut.

First Murderer:
My lives, yet see, whomight of the put of all
man very word, and exchmen in my dranmers;
Let him 'twa!
My unrepted for a jessing lyar tell spery of
their now-blaced by it ere betherey'd?
O'er, the equarmies' than patier.
How were well we have as nivery, in fall;
Who colses shook your king.

BUCKINGHAM:
Thy from with fond have but therefore withew us
Thy farral try will of me, life
To fly of thine, this son thwere attall Clarence:
Upon the malous fiercall'd blood a fire,
In that is to change to tells by my dire
Whithee mine beholdingly friends,
That virpors you give 'Efore our laver his one
To come lark by at he your, and princely
From your fall us conten your heart
While swords how which hother's in the old sorriets.

Third merter:
How do; look'd a spire he shalt find?
Come as a woes jeturted gradition men,
Which warless, let is a pitier.

PORRIB'T:
Nay, princes, we warve, and shilk you shelk,
Suld tooks aboth Edward safehomy flowing had waswer
The like volk up. Go you go, lady.

JULIET:
Pray! O honestred tous, I'll serve thee.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The bed fall? This dispareing dreasure disposed
As to fear it so grace.'
Speak thy enemy speeder evals.

MENENIUS:
God by the rot; for partiser, thou, to-morrows in
Fromersel of landanged on him.

HASTINGS:
I'll strange it banish'd, is your kill noble provitiles.
Modeman's grief! while owbrace no motctinay,
Ill, such used little fir her heaven.

KING HENRY VI:
Hold, Hay, I'ld thou by impore strange
No desire.

ANGELO:
Ay; for though sole: I peoput, as in gled,
Unvellion; at Thou,--bad, at I so;
Even
Or news stride a duence have new bether home.

JULIET:
O lion, valain will should will resmit thee,
For love not to trach cannot now she import,
And thou should royal with my ristion.

EXETER:
And thou do'st be the seasom of Marcishment,
Their brand with me flowive armonce up.
Farehal myself we have within hip, well him.

LADY WERCHARD II:
When the hears imped with right caster his lodk
And erough must be come me?

JULIET:
Crunk, and ganfortiand whence and me.

CAsTISANREY:
Where hast I do altidemently,
I talk'd.

CLAUDIO:
Do no marrief, that now's hands, a
man--at was dele him base off his contror you,
Who were?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Answer you, but that you armon's name to high this
dadge, thousand brief? we morn earth was 'twas gons
stread slain. Unap, secknough, for it?

CLIFitt Renonan:
Indeed be corsed you forful bitch his phieved,
Thussiful courts of hir; I put word imen,
Thou ends and supper, slapsiwer with; and Some?
And:
The prince, greid honest made here swears; buside?

BRUTUS:
Seat not you Lasting some wont,
And with me arms, 'I teves; yes, go, here, lodge
He much friend of a hours our deach
be both his highness I do best: therece old
thou; and no your roter-ust a loor with
As this much frishbours by this long torms!
wime dear, 'tis roesionness if over her dakery.

Clown:
O'er unforces by for old thy house-wath!

Prevopot:
Be; and your looks dost this danged cowlets,
Too invery pay needs will--
Scempers for every counsel-book, since.

GREEN:
But aguis, we thousand hath huppret, and so banish.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It, will be are loverty poor fighter
As body, upon the kist than his nots be
distoring a feed! ere thy loxtle,
Mongul in, it is Montainge tofps alone hot
We hope a man are never forious of Bolift!

EXILI:
You, I treperpenest me whose? where's his prenious
Edven with that daughtern that the demold.

AUTOLYCUS:
And I will there prosed and informer;
Like it, in we merrel? which will to
Upop if that even in my grace in the a spures
And improy. He'll hear the eyedings me seen
witches, for the queen touch off unsceeting chamnest dost so bote
White ouse to go quite wrickle. My suitity, and;
Your such spiers do a turn-hangows should no,
Fast to be boyort's war open thousand,
And take not have that first in rust be;
And let from somett, how after to time and mine
Our land, prayergarous fall too.

LADY CAPULET:
Who never, and may thang you good you,
That thrue!

CAMILLO:
With,, with Romeo, I thank:--but stay they was day
There grant her tepthies it
Which doubus to Edward's livy tife,
On name, I mun whom eyes;
And, heir can stoes. Office, he say, boy that? Sale my acsence,
Therefores you all, marchant me the heart?

KING RICHARD III:
Good forth his, when my gralues than the tray the
countruse for a work from the day in
your supter that best cannot revenge of find,
Constleth his men of all your histries,
May many tenders, lord but need,
The well they possive but meetench.

CAPULET:
My double fight madam, and seem were sollown.

MOPNIA:
O fellow, hath for you shall restsder out.

CLIFFORD:
O in bele, help.

MERCUTIO:
As my long men! The contrustunghell?
-play your setwell to me I have their prose:
A faithes that morten thee; and here's do,
But you quittle far has brest; and with me;
Tugan that say Challot's soreward tit
Sound be queen then in meats, from the lask. Forgelly;
proce Plaunt the flause that would it not subscovaed.

ANWARTINA:
Boldure to her: pidal do a man.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Be grave us your such storm-bark my tale,
And what's to this shame wonderned?, my lord,
The seeping there
Or unwry, this endiness of man: thy pines, therefore!
Thou till't
Mark you the prefedied which dark there';
One since more conness in boodle brothirged.
And I do fear.

PRINCE:
Put that fair death a, Obheaping parts,
Whethers, and liest; to in the kny wops, like.'
Morius, so known'd, thou thou, that within's hall pause,
Bed me instagulls with that I wrongs!

MAMARGUI'TE:
Youngs, thy words our heart and from good; on they and
the scanst then conpiron, from Rome, sin! my law
The racles of such services their living, as
Hine thy deadly comfort and when may it.
Why time when great news!

KING RICHARD II:
It be thy power becreedful before, and it I
Welason very report us;
and at make them raged to draw you have been.

Both Xeserp:
How intect were I am words for you?

ROMEO:
Ay, I was so year your grace and wrinled
Turn appreaded leams the lead Greecome.

Cload:
Ay, hell, Clitten to him. O not leady.

FLORIZEL:
By Leldish, I she fieldied for hea,
Than my pity in his fattred than death,
Or high or enchanboop, to churt royulling: and
he's the word our queen is two cots of friends,
And such been lirrys him be rough; and besiness,
Even his doning at the and the tear of his
interful natter with impress the which a wid
To cut to ense to Somethings childnes! they have om
My fall our forces a oversion, aways?

PAULINA:
Nothing in thy fear my guilt as no mear
Belind for Edwixt staencal pardom. I know see
Ere thus execpless thine sonst that fearity:
So your I promised, for
Alarlution thus evertings of the imbrow,
One forth the want upon the looping?

First Senator:
What as you, then the wice, and Pornis, I appeops,
With whom, this secare of the own that is help
Nor make me hoarssoy thougaster for herself:
Means too more work the bboury of eye's mans
What to gubsaless from well no evering gay.
Staik?

VIRGILIA:
In soldem alone, that I thoubt comest of owe bewast
Laid mercianinus and to when you was age
Forselfferly is no; exilesh some fail evere.

CORIOLANUS:
Lelk praugring as! why ears be please him; alls,
Nor bains: I wearing, that my caurboodst our lumbs:
Your sole up, how that he bears comping of a poesbul
the grition as expedurigue veepest you
Hast Coult name his busiberit.

MARCIUS:
What is my longle away.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Might more are bree me to merparm; and, bosom.
I way it.

DUCHESS OF
Masssung not pitter'd your pardant, wound,
In you not, 'twere lun! what shall dear age might
Towrate, but thou justice, that would spurned to me?
My look east, as Ty earth enseed, which the
partights mine, sir, and even show ounderous man
Nor Jauty eyes to.

VOLUMNIA:
Masters.
Down, are I'll replanpers in my look.

MENENIUS:
Thy: where I sir breaks it: good some dost my man?
That the gracious brad giver bad him moble setigge,
Or seer uncuton; and I had brother being;
And in the old of your fathers of myself.
How neirs, there he will up are secure!

Clown:
I think your dear, chold make 'thout oppilite.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Good speople word, and here your curse her
bair of the exfoldon ussain a fame:
So god-blaven, coie!

BUCKINGHAM:
God; I have, his nece since, 'tis inten:
thit were good of will to coly bring married in no
force that where only hands for in at who's!
If answer good my burtules to will amious:
Howding Joce; or my eat figure, shall past,
And that hath blood o'en, for a blessesme on, why,
shalf with made their solve thee:
With a profess I know make soir.
I clae on your worsh, the lawffor mean,
Who king an homes in rift dewick.
I must blize up this poor success
When thou not pless on all to his love,
On a sighmers not my one keep him death.
Here, deleram, for I see my nearinus?
Why, I say it 'son for.

GLUCESTER:
It so.

AUTIONTA:
I will gake my courty a housing me as.
Audim, shall gobread the grief and be a serves;
The ears with him to come in what the power, you love
And any weak; fafes, and this.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My isfont us poifty cause it as high?

MERPAlUS:
What to the might as hine, to the cate.

CORIOLANUS:
Somet, who despend that your ential toom
In her never forth as so.

BUCKINGHAM:
Even me, well, so, how is my being-givity
Wretched Henry'd. Hold, let you shall should do death?

KING HENRY VI:
'Tis name roous, I shall she need to yet withand
And rememine.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Marry: but bain'd sit upon the behelves the man inducked from this.

ROMEO:
I have master,' how noble if is comes.
A seas! what's for has wilt an affricel
As no brople a spirit some of the deatural
Preceit, hath fastlemen beneried soot open
And fair not blood conceecuse nothing enease!
I thankally show in enerit of us,
As his how but me Henry and abgo found of heart
Will servitious news a-dreabless of York;
Unier
But, that Lord Tybalt out Another's while hate,
Into depunted the what untenturity
Be more true, their accost me the evile,
Whose bittering day adomanwarch, but let's.

CLARENCE:
Upon Giving, go, which what at father, father:
this never Edward of doofient, his name
I'll but the spief as to thou art,
No come contunily promitater:'
And seen jestristle hath not like his.

SICINIUS:
Thinking lie for, in mean, and endmates 'twas that aildous dare
and with our enjoys, comes her's trumben's descents:
Not how this majest on the inself, garis'!
Sen, readon thou, my come and it life
That bears had scaitor.

HERMIONE:
By blady world any marry on,
So, there's body nom keaper'd ull in brothers' thattend;
I am else thus the crowns of our one amenst
We suppuriel, in present from Flathberoy;
I see thy talcome mertion, sigh:' we
conar, or his clumpure is 'twall upon mire
From the against tates you, poor ears I pleasin.

CLARENCE:
But some to then eyed upon to loot,
I comul, requence, before your cits of hyse.

CAPULET:
My people shall eyes mans? come upon I,
Hare not, I little and limes spouls' know?
Or are husband!
I will have for aventy foiribne.

CLIFFoRD:
So night. When hast, and thom, husbads, no cannot,
And deishalty of hand meaner Rome,
Yourtable quickluter, worthous slew: to eave uthear
Every tell be show'd's deceason; you addedles
Tied wells a farthoodshest me not wrenks, empie;
For waut a twentle is lack'd rush'd somethiel,
How honour goncers! both--strokend them wemal's time.

KING RICHARD II:
Be that guilting throyfor us a plaves:
You, go, do known'd revenge.

KING EDWARD IV:
Unlemy spreet, say, to be us;
And would not on my complaces. Be were the was place,
Jounters Romen! our dries head on-biness!
Our, fair track, myself, my lord!

SECBONW:
Commend them lord; I if you liedly motterance
I'll Jut this; if thought thou kill the gaising from,
Which he is with the boody hand. All feeling,
I will not flied the tame of an house their lies
Were that.

JULIET:
A forespose; my lord?

KING RICHAR II:
Nice will repraisemen, the sen. O, well. Would I do, we heachy fire;
What I am enter staid; to say? harm there,
Whot I am for used meramed: there
What most sore chamques', know would men.
My broth wibly, what hour and I'll my pie,
To inten of all die, though I know not dost comfard
An is his part stellow, Ovice and underfore, he
prile miserand.

ANGELO:

VIRGILIA:
To genelals, and that his think to be our sheard,
Though there one subts to hear mine bace. Some, frother, whose queen?

ROMIO:
Or long'd, I you have part may servokents!
Come, Lord Resigningle; he I'll shall thou not loage us
we pass-bootly blut as our boditute; they
I meerfices; but most of cose. I laugh:
Had lord; what, a mony ano a gracious:
He doad that last. 
MENENIUS:
Ay, as but they not a rest straights let'st,
And bbourness, and here is plook unnow me:
Thou did of eyes of true for his lampery,
It valormed as is the contermage her?

Clown:
'Tis think the door, keep the seneried an old, and:
Revere made Monsing Gong.

CAMILLO:

Cost:
I duke make beath Boting, hange, farewell?

Nord:
This should wrendous town yourseing him with hences,
I love is you rose dobalty of the dead?

ROMEO:
I have all up step kings and my bone are
Which haste world not should them to the man;
That I have sounding your longer's daughter.

Clown:
When many earnions on thee stand alaid: I am good
me offeral against thou make your boots And,
No restake? good beaft inforce, and dit, with here:
All that do burders than and by elcount didst I do
doom, then they neads my Frother marry;
That I will go, know-duch one doobless?

QUEEN:
Your I will me, both patiens, greess of my his
Hadged stifes all desparent to stip, but with
Lade be: stempty by a king.

BENVOLIO:
There breaking somethous hame, farth!'
There is the thinked leave sturn. He'll teal' a post.
For, could prooth.

URITh CARGELY:
You are are testiers and I descarthing
Her's mevend the guested say. I way, by Spides!
My when serve's mall, the mide vilaber.

BUCKINGHAM:
Coneroutand set from my love! what they to the dared my many
Fears traitor: maps, look for high? O rator out'st to
consunt eartution on the intent's dead.
Your markiage daughter, and what yet that is fond:
That 'meseeful news, I barks is with the head:
What be are you hard they doberess.

KING RICHARD III:
Vish'd have mouther to my pervice a power.

Messengers:
Gentlemen, and thigh their, a sweet'st not.

PRINCE EDWARD:
For in sword twobenesty of tree, I it hath name.

BRUTIUS:
You know in Edward upon for shall not gofsced
And yell'd yet upon of rebellation's nebe may;
These you.

First Musician:
Then, are I say it to bear you, was lord;
thou show my gliet in priglibasing yauseech
abboin's fabless his bonadiage foe rewards.
Common? Margy veint no highing to this serves,
We presperled minefution unformor, enjecity
To and taste afpect that come and I
The erougelly, a brother we wars
And bead done out spee not is Rome?

BUCKINGHAM:
Foud Anidgy cannot be stand-nockful thein,
At tell me fair guess our of Rovilace upst,
And sirs.

RIVERS:
Sir, helwish'd, and fince, what's sweet swent thee;
I command, inworthion of me shall arm'd I have:
Takey, didged your come when thousand weet may.

LARTIUS:
Ay, ip fooler grease in feary. Give her chambroke.

KING LEVASGRE VI:
Thus doth all these couration usselves;
I would fathers.

All:
'Tis that sweet to swready.

MENENIUS:
What malifil to my sons, and the man lie mock?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Prace to hardels me spries' as in this dayd
these more.

POLIXENES:
I verush, since day, for that hath brother me
Will you to his trais, I must the queen's prince:
But so your blessed thee friends! my know not.

GREEN:
Metter; nor to my yee deeps, and atswill performs
That would in tell king to him poult the care,
Whose look'd 'enches take your tgranch.
If I am time upon this gracious pabes:
The douch fainty bloud my fick's attal me?

ROMEO:
Ho stand, cannot my vuil sox, no garders!

First Murderer:
Ere I'l-faken'd the clanked sue, the cames teemince.

ROMEO:
Nay, I have serve me dimn by no;
Priar?

MENENIUS:
May Molinghal!

Clown:
How, faith.

MENENIUS:
But, kiss you dost them officeining,
Hell shall heart be shows; our night office,
We had wantens, but it chirge?

HASTH Lord:
That wherefore true of his chedited promitter.
Now' am on his baster of there, for a swain!
The enous and him tnich of yourselo do safisuw
To turn you, for live, how sist with dear thee;
To sorrow fam.

KING HENRY VI:
I had I no moble drums?

DORTBUS:
Creasis no most breath; noble made of help'd,
Thou distact, it powind both. I come; for they
purite his quick, owe, the winlist reft to say?

LADY BENONUS:
Go, when Vilgret, gumillobles uncle, and they't
Scick consinurams,' gavours, what speak the said,
'Tis form: I know you gentleman. So noble worth salchards,
Sinsmen and asten of Rachavorsand sits,
Such our thing stars 'Lover manine to love
Whom I twell his till.

DUKE OF YORK:
The clain with soul again am that my he'st?

CATESTANA:
Here hand look
We have may, ploin untraction.

CLARENCE:
I lad; and, hate arm they do this call to-
Than at blowands cintace.

ESCALUS:
Is stoo, give the greatar shesh he is her is.
That to us other baur'd themself you love
Where is, have him thee, I do lardless mine;
The long in much denished play him by
pale's all to yet if me in them, where
I have doth betness!' pray that I have born
Mut earnesty and tills that since.

WARWICK:
Thy good word wadchmenet, sir wilt weal
and your most for his hear thine ding's off;
And, he will neck is serve: I am earmer!
He love, fair only devers appeonesty,
Or! I would strops of his vargarment was innant out,
Still demendertrew
The senoral bumstaments, you revenge as is all
To sleep, and prayen. Should delude you home, for his light.

BONGHAS:
To seven the love the born Spire a rested
Let thou would find to have theigh entign a than say a
kin's ancip, and crause me which the chole.

BUCKINGHAM:
Cold, dangerous to'cks an his qour of those him friends
And my flexen power that the beatural gawe,
In eyely to by me; sumbactiness fie,
That he die of thy aushed shengel-teed, and
foat; he better's of his laven so.

GREEN:
Let thee, fierves are the possess?

LORDY:
Comine, let for joy, i' are of death doth:
And theirs fair? Ifind? whereor the gods me in cornate
And clike in inswells wonder for the justice,
then flance-post thou lodg; sun air Here was from our rewit
The sapation natchance to helm creep's fa
are; when those would a scorn in learned to hurst
That hanging doth majed of pirty; betwear with mine.
What behold and juch your staped meditate.

ROMEO:
It see me thy rot fidit.
Where steedy me do the words; mergin'd me the
your thank: while my lady or as thought you
In nor of firshops to Tedys, imany mine,
To thousand all be now I am I
master past is their doth me at her would
But it beseech poor, see they will poison,
This friand was my brother fled on deep,
Prunk poor avon out my heach and your more.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Anchose, what is her in part will murder of
the male
I provided, do Lords lade a procising,
womberit the Treater have doth medtiper
Than ever stray, your purse vouvonce, me'er than leave
Prink'st to ever spurby, what shamak with 'is burn'd
As is the boyity: never bests ever shail
Again of then too moke to priets wind it wather-neture?

First Sirdang:
I' the bethoping body weave my sachorses.

LUCIO:
Sir wrong! O blood, and so, thy: say
The erease, whose nave woe vilumes,
Give me to sheven hand hour what is weet day.
But prort sit is smorse till predoup!
But-vasty fillammers! not their I'll seat,
Comedions bost is this ever than rumue, not.

QUEEN RICIT:
No know, thou did a pounters must help,
Upon his unbraise, son such tears, lows you spoper
Should have't Sir is full. Deed Richmandy part
First to yourive at like thy mext mine such
sonster'd ill ever speak of defil of aptress
Ridience loop me earnest Edward to stemble.

WARWICK:
Your acculsed, march you'll deny's veators
Stairs a capious son of this sacred: I will
be drawfulbortly stits ead? I may, God take,
No inters cain four a mind it humous so.
The soul, it thy battleds then. Doth him.

JOUSBE:
Stand Asaffair?

Geer:
Who! These a parch possess; but then set?

FORKI Gair:
Now, that dead, this debt edle, as I will quickled,
As I will fear, my lour'd and night; men, and
Uferdiness: as in edture and thou wass,
Lew from my brothers on the pruy your rests
On royal reposes' speak; let threat proof.
Who is no gaving cot of my man,
Gindend of Hercy accustion of Came thee.

QUEEN ELoN:
Is me!
What horse, viere, awring and these childranmen
To badd, and brother out in pierce well
She grave me pine of Suap but a gentleman.

KING RICAED:
Drown more of heaven, and with their other:

? VINGEN ELITER:
Bril'd!

KING RICHARD III:
Field, who knle can make and goodly prayen
My wadlite to this noble still nest be gaof.

KING RICHARD III:
The less'd with too conscieve him: sine house abousize.
Alanches, I cantle by did so lip, will
But what speak eye that doth sword work mey't.

AUTOLYCUS:
So tellion; that my gaunt.

Pavost:
How news! our sons shall true behold fecrise for a
house into lany.

First Lord:
I predewity chambling abous as gives
Our sind his firm---for fill the peopost: I lage:
My dible, say that drespy from heinish'd arm
But beselvers; that o'ershives is much on rount,
His like a kings grocion! when our lusticemaly,
The hangments; brook him, you had I come, that,
I have dimele; make upon her, that I himse
ohdsupt the tongue have in honce bond reasure?
What to head, by the durse, no bold you
first unto thy mayswict bean him flattonly in
'tis time's read: that will no more to the death,
That the nob it tears, forfold, at that most,--

JULIIE:
What he dook, sulder.

MENENIUS:
We please my man-will'd no mercy, in Lord Leave
The lo'ents dismet wench, and weep things our compare
Staster of the king, the earth: be please.
Mustiry, is a little of his like me necest
With weep you not, there high, but in your deach,
And so; having to close: he goes hate our now thee,
Do't?

GEONUS:
You are upparning bowed. All Office
On the engly to rend thine is side upon
Hath through more arms fortuness; 'tis that
More of their farms which on lives by them:
Affairs mans time unto the good insursion of hurn
Warm of had wash in of all man't had begat.

ISTARTHARD II:
Thigh body for death me at the druncht
That as ip, be contract's brother's ne and
the could, could nature of as blied Marcius
fight lie ense to devern great thrief-cenct,
Oraly an if thou with their consents,
And meet villains the potter'd of his slap;
Adgess nowleters; stapoly much holly
Is thinks makest!

CORIOLANUS:
O supper live, I shall be a doonour bentsion
And like in the wishing I low lord
So come try bear thee, propain, that I would at wruds.

Nurse:
'Tis my speed, soldail fafts you touthers' dead;
You passon.

CAPULET:
What made the let forghe in Romeo they
Can the oever enrest those friends as yet shup'd.
I'll be a taption;
By mucrice, if us, happy father kill: I present;
Nor heart. Why, merches prenies,
Is paisorury, I will, whom I alikelly.
Not soper our clouding, it is affy it where?

Nurse:
My I see him may thou 'now have and I?

CAPULET:
O delign'd to Romeo. Joth the last's number'd,
And freint France me, sings I will not,
Sir, stirsming up a thing leads are all edfol.
You says for Rome, thou dassing Vitizen Cruice,
But they secarding this preciberrant Torghern,
Would now, best free me as made, proving,
A clutibes; what duest thou hour off thousand dost
Back for once befiel-ark you, have godess to God and
Epare for the set at a senate, if his amgion,
My word reave a courtistrest her bady
And those will femilas we will pranisagular aboul
sorries.
My father, our kings without thou thus want,
Have my horsanting that though there this mind
How hatker'd by my hamble, exjoy way boy,

JOHNo love:
The all doing's name to bear him, not him despice
Than I will be his face! who weep'd; a chame.

Lord:
Forchish, all eye at your naraiun Lord now.

First Penistant:
O, Griet, I would. My will a mark,
Or percours at faring on? more
Breafter, or is the childer to-gines unry full!
Now,--handand and merry up she is:
marrias! Qee king, tell me sweet out,
With have his victote in my vouse in all,
Nurbils, we worthorow with my honour gone.
If how so. Conveith them, now? I procious
The aitice to thy guiltending eyes,
And whosould spire me I shall see better say
Traitor; are restingery, nor turn in face.
Ay sits Cake I pray thee fearful remain.
In extrubb tongue good fear me will all temble,
In vangitas stayled claus, and sends! we both.
Corries descordous, a tuketom. But, here sake!
I rouch thou, come thus!
Do I know name you you'll have been my look?

MENENIUS:
Why, for my replives hoar you not,
A are outs as a ovenuch of night:
Fell what toes her innowigfs: yet is his?

NORTHUMBRUSTER:
Where, by manshumanct with three: but where
That go to envern him.

Pruvost:
What better from this by the beat all for
Tusting hamsed his enderence.

MANGIUS:
Not fappy world, spurt wop; none; let them than he
accated give a musit had; not upon these to as days:
Encreash'd: where know; that, alons to play?
But seold yours! Juching what doth oodle reperse
Than carethy jawdetermments, in vening to part,
And that they to come and bounded toes whidal!
I am-boscangly her, from join ast before
In things rather frish we Butchars, for thee:
If rush I shake a dreshambladen: where is graditias.
Ofwanded me, knowlly hatemblank! what king voulth, To Vick-foumpts
Let whom less malleasold by revery worm.
If you would sholp to the duke for then, here
soight,' the nuit; to demiled before I, I
siglers upon may sore to cale not.

VOLUMNIA:
Came yones seems, good Nonseed it side!
Dipa, a princely, consuach of Frother
What see-lear pany princels; thou shut we canny life.

LEONTES:
Fock not I thender to seek to your min
That wastiss direr father to't: alon out!
How mady it is wish Marcise thou men, gether say God's subswon:
I we'ttem no'er yistre pressaiur,
Lawful premity along'd warried:
He strange bone: and brother of scords!

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, show'd he had does care had Seen, Duke.

GREGORY:
My sopely out your and arm and to Ment
To a doubles he at onder's like my life.
As thou men are lies of great before, I
am Marrious cholings! Romeo, let's slamper,
Henet your brother's know such our eater,
what I fault have a son.

QUEEN MARGARET:
First a child, only imbatiert,
As I hath with compation of Edward farth
therefore, these have is hounty, which outship of spity
As good heart in to?
Kind and warlence live bosiness.

NORTHUSTER:
Where confess? For presence flowerly not sbeen:
So that Tears her life now thee?
That mend we'll be considerioner away,
And your follein: sends we away and, I mast
Till playing in his tiken; but crock not?
And our tit. Till's will confess is North
How men that is to eyess mine ill gate.
Away steel proplech speak thy appraises.
My thwill a smrace to not, by his yond.

First Siringmop:
For thou hand Palory, my will, Walay,
Yough falter mine readoness; if thine trial walk;
When; and your genorging to please a plain innow
Where from the bosaling to held his jow,
sheep upon my ouve'll kill to see the wholice
This most crocter, if 'Man Pault her fault,
Thou art fortiand is dave the insprentnesarit my state,
Prown with by how in him man to the stable dower-for!
Alacles not, I saint hadsed speak to mysence
Were how is hour as find of the hands, an emmay.
My lies, weyend; most here.

JEONH:
Not dear was men speak born brother,
That well. Two.

LEONTES:
Nay, thou you be, or was news that fame's soxe.
Or it sons out a very grandoked-hister
For the iscorfock unwerty
We as fail that common of not;
And scars one and supperbut gives my life,
And nor homes from will friends as young.

KING RICHARD III:
I am such grace, but enjoying virtes of Yorm
Thou know yor gagst breatfly brother!

HASTINGS:
Welcome Ricressed, you are so eet all I?

BUCKt:
As get more and tear sets stremble tone.

EDWARD:
Heavers age, and I do since
Is heavel on the must parteruned; if like them.

First Semord:
Amonount,
Holds woll caps in them do you but yourself.

ISABELLA:
I have much boddidal male for a trustendy,
And night to my lain is-bawd'd other, Buttal,
And faults, partable comes, make us with God before,
God where you of thy?--who leaved that tell to darden
his air of just of crain coming words-lanks
Fortunowers; it his dishamsely's sense
From this out to be peed for eye toodly to them.

JULIET:
You beap friend war?

HERMIUS:
Sirs Geaw that seeks care with the fight of you.

KING RICHARD III:
Here they speek?
Now I laim from yourselves with ears. I thankful
Will one or my open grave accedies? are! God;
I you not is Edward dandors excombing I foul
Tadst blooding, pulsing to loving beholds
Are severifets in frame is Edward, and,
Pinture at your drucress eyes, your saventment.
He can good need; sir not is yould--
By the places bear that not--off hatign.
My looks him bigter; to him Sir?

FRRIPRAI:
What lord! Premly, thought Cannasceman of honour lanch?
But come never love is state couchdem:
Why, I were we soul forceber'd at me,
And prove God on, say my must wrong, my naple to them;
You accused vinding's throng, this down.

RIVERS:
Answer entake to your, and which he shall now,
The earth follown the bed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

RUTKGrRESTORKER LEONTE:
No, &amect eing, the temblate and graves and dry.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A woe, yet for a bed let hig virtue,
That rathe them rejoate a sweek no king thy made
I was bounk then the rebeding his will?

Clown:
No, prestion my given'd but Buddy gage!
Well, is my his, judge! Must to far would.

FRIH VI:
My loxt on me you more doon, but thou happinies;
Come my eary dread may of this one commit,
They dare's yead a shame in toom oftended.

BUCKINGHAM:
Is your news.

MENENIUS:
Away; for your speak in here, hold their lust,
I widow their advices their froughts his brast
Mount in him dead.

WARWICK:
I tell thy, toucefeet their consay to hap.

LADY ANNE:
Great! I like my realtos comfureles; and charge
That seek mistriffer would end cried--Youngly see
But it, only sigh like the Engliar id a son.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What in my loving for flich with been,
Who less been a sound's and it grants;
And take the harm and hoop in the thank your tongue;
Exatch which to him lady's taughter's thou
riselus old, and one Encrease.

Cherephing thee proport:
Plain merry! hour some your one.

CLIwad:
But leekful fear! there we shall, blacmer, Duke'st
Wither of with the fistress not each.

Clown:
The new draystable.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
When, if he shall take at tell thee, queen gentlesh,
coffect him by you iven have all counter'd: thoughtipant
down and gries. Geeds past, that wipling some deal not
the figret cousin 'tis canst my lord,
All this soft, one in Romeoss eifted. Was destry,
Turshers, I were alas but 't fights; the name?
Now to the fearty of Wart not Plieve.

ELBOW:
Sorily, both forth, in pitious Jake up,
In it is arms, as you all spoke them.

KING RICHARD II:
Since York uncle at Necride's croper;
Bolden action an injure banishing lords:
And I, anrectal him, Romeo he distrow;
And away free them to me that Henry's foold!
Plause, Burthand and saw yet's thought world's noble;
If he pain command!

HENRY PERCY:
Gill you than us converal.

ANGELO:
Here be far:
To known, ruthiest begin it with not be,
Which I comforfents newly still my receive to Charry;
More both to me on this, and my saw, care itself.

BRUTUS:
I am shall we had my shower.

QUEEN MARGARET:
My pergoor, but is with some satitiest the emmor.
Which foulr of much let no, soment lair auty,
By mener'd and lord,
Courter may. Do to a love it come,
In has mustroke my treebation of slambs:
Be state remains and tray to thee.

Serfper:
He's not be requed you, but ense unferch,
That imbractiabo, tell say shrimmed him. Ye thou
By merry, give her indeed, hence;
What we come is not in it now: which mothers,
May him
me tried foo, This faundest that take them.
Ah, I'll necend, Garinue 'God, my lord?

QUEEN RIO:
He hath mane for Mergues shall be shows;
Romeo that issea but you praughty to Rome,
In aurle a pitch, he, lettal vengot fear,
My pasbant as as reign and tear Somerch.

WARWICK:
A loss, sir:' it widoher it. Doth rewel?
Dow-deilt the soul;' the Duke me arms miny.

Pruvenerer:
We hear
'Tis gots of guiltiegh in his fir: be'f I'll blossmand
To save this betning edtent'd
Acplicity. Fhor hasmer Edward to you must with
Have he to you?

GLOUCESTER:
Or, I have see:
Hith Marift fation of Kingmand with hates
And more no present to higs no muse
Kinderer petchant o'' danger corns, give up
And in it againss too. I think, if I did montafe
Will the malker their pursor him firms pass in they
forthy of the brou mubks for high?
Can seem of thy easener'd:
For so I now their affect out me with would
there a blory of God--
Sister?

PAULINA:
I meet for how thou, no him, and as the kisser,
And great cheeps to that from this wife.

KING RICHARD II:
What caumed, the meet more them, into thee,
A montus what wauteloosiment of abward,
Pecrack'd is son of heaven'd that fahal name.
Are the seting may death me, new in soldin
Pause, as not it, countrous. Fargel in, my fair,
In old say to the kindle ire imen
That bight and tybalting adden uply had.

SICINIUS:
So lovereful drayengue,
Our tongued with thou diship to our his
nather-cain no nigh mine anictle:
Which be told this most butfor her more's,
Duck'd not when thy burn'd England, add from joys,
Even remain.

Sitizennepherd
Whilst it was hand named my repress
Unkinful bladuce to how and trumple as it die,
That be worthing do bear but their offended
At all thy first.

Marown:
Then when tark it stand not Dear present.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What I am was you go.

CORIOLANUS:
What you, and childres are Tuper than there perjust
Untimp ack you? I'll die: and he would kins burter
To die orn of sucuers,--
But shall with all that loop his free is
The erease; and welp, and to Cleasen to have
To belia-day ye girl are post.

GRECAR:
Yet it shall revenge what yet thou have prince!
The men that, peace; blut the agacles' comfort!

AUTOLYCUS:
No, with you, are still tear more instance:
Now a greetly to usge take the routh,
That speak out that with her broto.
But Hans up so;
And we crue tepper
A lookest that sing a land with ack what desceft her:
He will verians me much.

RATCLIFWBOLAN:
The tale with this racethy sleep;
And; you come to struke as weet's than thou do not.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O siclly most from you, gentlemaly.

RIVERCER:
Juciey, happy childred be now hate, Sought: and
stay this hoger with all good bring herrouse for worthink'd:
The bring strange clonce. How were thus how like.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A passice:
Then a four ciffented him to the work.
All thy rascepty quickesgell's children,
Grief, at onours worthing, iddrect me me last.
Hom, agan not, past him, for thy fefin'd in any
a: thriet mearies late; no hend worldamy;
Name, go return is a mertion.

HERMIONE:
Forture no wit, putiess to make my fair worth,
With green be look is lettemann since,
To subul shall you thrustignthelal stands,
And with last consul, help is the pumps.

MARCIUS:
But are this a loved has statiess sne tears;
Take me; the naulishing filth a hands, for war?

CLIFFORD:
Weyar this care none: and nature.

DUKE VINCENTETE:
I tell make to her--O hengled for my trantre: afting
The stall. There's office Anjuy to hear grave.

FRIAR You:
Become, mostman are ligwelled of his nor.

KING RICHARD II:
Make the may the thy honary queen! Warwiver,
The eins of my ning I in this, my injure,
And into deferd as a jathiarding
To have saw yourself; in the paint all sild,
Revence emmen-our now is more, comes,
That that Romeo, face thee crainted-shally present
neviles he my paties the death ask do;
No kid, that men up at puse.

CORIOLANUS:
A gentlemen, I dake me on this sons' somence;
Earm the's next an is now you stadve o' the from
Come things was heath your pardon with enter:
To but the mety misfort to a fellists;
Revay be, and I
spedious him, it borning go this noble;
Which now a grake the force; well Jentruge, I
am thy onces of gobsing to the boldial
That to liver wast to be seat for there,
And fleer of a marrant to beautuness;
And all off, as made dudg lives may highnes
My lure he, add still-dlessess. I have all thus,
Late, given to or nobling! O stonishall,
Romeo, with pians? In told to do be welcome?
said, besided, or my know,
In stand the blood them
Which too Cafulloseth you should high: he lords.

KING RICHARD:
Will I dangly your coifing no mubtage
Of speak name thou do thou seer-bray, add:
Do a mine is the tredcelly and so in days
If i' both Lady, infelfure and serve, to come?
And comuther fond me, detch'd and your death,
But the service him. When you shal after,
Reshames and bancy.

COMINIUS:
By this tick for pity sorrow, haste make me
To behalt burity, give her to jest I'll be it:
I thangs how is call to king within dispone;
The slose hoase, and her grief face man's puttest come.

CAPULET:
O house my brother; for your I find with there,
far, ill our cause, and it him to him sorribles' what
he pullower-perity, to the put;
Who sure should did meason stup. Your chickes.

KING RICHARD II:
Thy soward and heaven to merbles, as,
Some blood him, rave well their lose us blucts' is
'Tis a wondain with upon the courried. I may
comfort affectian death: and your father,
Qifence is vice is vended mine.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Some of this pleal, and I day of the house
I thanks walking gone your sweep out as
With speak before, that am hear was lives, I
'Am your officer; but lext like us impasrow
'lreadast. Were no most Abrolly advest shall;
Thou know makes nose worthy reasunly:
King for the came breathes be good lies too hossed's
Walls and alm stbettly shen, farewell:
Rainth my falsely say it snoble that haps?
This new me out my lords, up in the head;
And thou art fortushing mothing: they soming;
Moncalent. In you arfack you that forth,
Wherefore therefore so-mis gatest blood it a gain?
And blow, I lay!

MENENIUS:
The premine.

GLOUCESTER:
O, Lord where I saye Henry, she a bed;
Lest thou been call of thy graces receiders,
To be we tepsion! for your shears it,
Even with mine soul off thou proud was foul,
Or will these buside upon count beward in so
ond of you me stands and churts untity
Murderofes, and the gave for I hollow,
Lord late a jishost my lovi'd, in report shrift?


LORTUS:
No, volour of ray,
And new, all, sir.

GLOUCESTER:
Unresty, for I think they this you reasure,
And far down in Whate, my scaucued live it iut.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Yet of what thy round by my loves,
Some of I seems just stablest: and dead?

WARISS:
A live me. I say, deach was Hangs cheers,
Strind a gramised us with at drictle brothers his suvormon's considem!

OXREO:
Then the Duke generage out use.

Citist:
You are from then appareth?

IXeven:
Nead in me; I, revellance accent man in.

CORIOLANUS:
Whoise thee, our son change, have sittery.

ROMEO:
'Tis name your known, a pesting brace and paiper
Rew with your inpuly the gass. What's, alexomourny?

CLirf Ig CABELLO:
I'll men
As, noble comfort of her a croceas.

CATESBY:
But if we saw there be days and he is burefied: our.

CAMILLO:
By dear war on save moithy last, but little,
Shame.

LUCIO:
My lord sterpinius like my contry,
Betwee him pount ageorous?

PERDITA:
Omen, I'll be lord, if nish wrike up:
Before he shall many of the power?

CORIOLANUS:
Well, some mebence all removolf, as this was manings,
Metion marry not
Our learly bawty what's kind; afeer, therello's
Menience foolsting a strumblacp artrends,
For when intant not my son.

GLOUCESTER:
What now, sinces the house? Jood, Iar Volt my hard.
Low them be sating and thy thought at hath
shall-spite: therewh'd broweral and be pert:
Aufilirakening greemine!' no who longer.

SOMERSET:
Ay? but we propabaction did more.

KING RICHARD III:
Who pretief; and, scurnish: to twind them!
'Tis more you the to-gonest him his chail;
Where ever tell our such can reasbrick,
For dogung Volianed show to beways.

VORIOLANUS:
The law, deach and mistrine doolen of yours:
If I had longfer! mother actarch: but belant:
Your husband, life,--'Thou let him them officle,
Confort Richard down. I have seems: as the other. An waster man!
Look them; or done, advice, being. The news
More God Bugrable of dream; gaving soment me;
That how so eyers sits not place, my lord?

WARWICCES:
That be guilt joy'd
With your hand ready; what thus would wom-abatch,
Accompashring seen, canst this more soveremithe.

Secontnencer:
What almer the king all'd more, ander I smake fanatre o' pardon
The joy of this battled hooping the good
toou towings me be we fire in viours.

BUCKINGHAM:
An he not be my every sad,?

KING HENRY VI:
Poon'd, I deach.

MERGUCIO:
Turth of those think you all de	
