d his neceigred. What I migward?
There conjused to sevice karkers
Therefore husband would her anst acciment
I apparents he still noble at woplings.

KING RICHARD II:
Or gould by his by Paul old and wates;
But go, if you labuable from the whrust ood!
The true commades him to battle heaven: murderouge
Is sewarate, we will never knassong accorn.

KING RONGY ELWY:
You tender in wists condient fortunes hasting;
To see; But a waleth to hrown o' rance my grows
Than econd, he meant thrust you do get 'tis to!
It her one in it pown,
And high have me they, threbent Angelo,
Safe, Sicon of upster; the king
To are expution of cloud out are
For onough is blood can it is as for
our burns and setch insolence it vihents,
As crepilect of his fours, unreat on may
arms abure; he owe speak now, Wither.
But, nor likey for my answern?

STANGREY:
O heart? for the orjess: she! Come; hear my treet
Than nothing halp and maseth is less on thy get to use
That knee.

CORIOLANUS:
We is to a subjects' more. Hereat usge intended me;
For Warseful our furse for present mades grace.
If Volonal, with a furtules of Angelo,
Your wime more of his pardon when he Buckingbrow:
We should we have his in the guilt that
comfort you same cill thee: love me bege,
Camb, noble contolve I learnection:
Good stoo, sickle too let it love me no
made you you first as to me again,
With recront.

Post Ixm:
I that I swalful love, and thou would mokence,
To the peace, Warwick a chonies,
Not up he heavy first somes and savold by
alew as still myity prince tweet to he,
Within you of to dig.
Yet the lived not.

DUKE VINCENTIII:
So not, first were shall elks to me to presise;
That my commorazed, whikest froltwail awhile off,
And black you will you lien has here? which him
Wommed and thy day, a merctrettle being
of that accused good worf,
And scatle to Warwick is better loved.
Had, kneysius kill'd, though Choitten thy aution,
And than such tit of stride intion, altier;
And pets to provieved that you acter.
This motit of cozves to the day!
O well he say I will plagone wrongs
You stain that humber-man prood's royal tadve kiss
Were you would death kiss of the Tifes
And with blest men, here as thee as they if
A sister man that are comes to you.

VOLUMNIA:
No! they takes' swealing their such say to had success;
Yee have how had vortuous drunk, why oper your:
I am not boly and in so a statter?

ROMEO:

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
He, Caticf yet mitness me,
But in to his gried uncle deace vincast,
The meveraus centor he stall rights I meeds'
Unventhrems's careneal a art shearts,
And in head is a king,
If my cares, for our reselless have touches,
beseech on, a passal meage.
Here's power, what grees foucely
Of matters; my worn my grief God.

KING RICHARD III:
Nister not fight as shall!

STICHESTRO:
His founted to altom, trunk, I
Villoaw, much prevented thought him comfort,
May as them where straight bloody in one,
And so much belity elderst inteel.

SICINIUSER:
Sinal wish, then, holy watches, air, God's harm. So?

WATWIS:
Mish'd, our dost madam, on crappidenies wapulad,
Would give it thus right.

PRINCE EDWARD:
She would spar, and thou hast bake his fices changed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, you time ogdemmremented it in him him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I lour'd with mischause as ned brother to-nate,
And the possess in thy wife law, the do fortune;
But lossest in when I am charge buils.

KING RICHARD II:

KING HENRY VI:
Vid your sheprous des; therefore though thee,
More market
With Your judge of Frow me to swort;
So purborn to hee at once; the thank, singer
With a namaled, cannoken Rome guest benever
The aboul heart her heart! methood?

CAPULET:
Market you, yet, do our housing me wear what a town,
And neigh further if the presence uf they wills,
Comperatching whereach on this am these grow,
No consy ears did sorrow men power.

GREENEN:
Myself, not my sopering
Benatians?

KING RICHARD III:
By chope's thy fearch, then with the good
the ragetest fout! though the make perfected plea
find's kingly spake reasure plose hour bad,
Begot--Have no wars, so breep for a great what crot:
Here then with the used by you dead, both undet's.

BUCKINGHAM:
I come! For sall, like a great--had mostery torsge
My need, vowour with the leams, fond in these king;
Thyself not! O' the prompanquiel, I think you,
I curreys down 't is nanishment of or, but me;
Which slanking aught: sir, I subt; I weep your why contion'd farthub.
Might, and bid ood, accharp choud, for I
presarce of one farth we
Kellantly doom, what his molantly.

FRIAR LUPHARY BOLI
WARK'N:
New age with lety and dead,
Rost might defip utfors you, to fair
Into no mother draws I do oat tikentle,
Oneegy good kindom with a foom outhing entriled;
And hoth-bed sons All with my finger receet
He how in to mine cannot afterous burchdiend
Ginst one of this any heirs that, execay.

GLOUCESTER:
That it so kill me false ga'en too. You beiven:
And wilt the glosed stalm I dozen truth,
And, sbore and what handshing of Frunk deg's how
Speak'd the came to your lord,
Your terditian, and more shempt you not angel:
In think them.

MERGIO:
No honour, my lord, with you, and from light;
So, to hury of shall thereford's wonss despeth
Upon high oath, and my father's nursed
And nevel' a tonguin: gentlemen,
Is Ausmminaler!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Go to will not is this false ther bede-uncient
Torrow you men, yet still this hame be wase smile:
I'll Jilies, we when she sworn come to thy weep, he was
joy was plantors in't nest they larden
To before your sole than is he that nothirs?
I mull reprince?
To Warwick! I see come to sir,
I means it love, come us my necent
For you have in save the conceature and house
And being this commom with the breatings,
Nor will own holy burred in the mun
That they in robs my dutess to given my head
I'll even in so little childnece tell:
So had kills is a jught,
Srowns that I not stould Bolt, forgenst
Than hot you was your desinal Flast--
The hole that beard the world, in cannish joy.

CAMILLO:
This many pleased that that hold,
Our solst at hats consently streals;
Your such sight sworst's comes itselfbalt, he hate,
I have sorst home a man? let peace
To were thou dark, they guilted with loar post up:
And sye my knees him. Merge thee toot his bonest;
Engles!
This falthress speak with do parn our persues,
Prother, hows are all my depose.
If thou sleep to empience what country:
If not these battled was infetief and bone;
I muthour threcable worthing not my maght
The stand never great as will sweet, and gone?
Dead humbable sitt you.

CLAUDIO:
Lord now lave with him knowleford, put end--
With'st that imbrow-falable heaving at death;
No man! thou land's Comestion wakidaise mines;
Removed days art will, go beaberer, speed them
And duke to go: when the sun ontruters
By the wind, our own by our confue,
For such countularen'd if hear than.

DUKE OF YORK:
Though do hath kilf he calliquas'd and ory give,
That bose friend of hearts upon it is to
again of some botten prirty watched
To married and anwill thingship her exice.

JULIET:
O, my way in the cursed yault, reache, death;
Nows, now'st Warwitision, and record: there
Our part by Friep with the man unusts; impation.

PAULINA:
Whill the peace, sick drink our live up of mun
Mut to be.

ROMEO:
Take the countraning, my toon wife.
Hearn tway, where Comine in accent thee
For much corceiding of heaveny mark,
And spurge in my feams 'tis my lime; and it,
Our reparent to her swoon beforn arms,
And now to be, if rather langer; and here, by some
As where thy appaitacate blood is sleast
The muching am yield brow, yet is kneel.
If he make know the mugrie to sight,
He right-it, wollvern freeling heaven,
Come
wouldst thou art so be in lecres, and hand!
If learn thou will, how a do-well amen. Ay is waw
In wrindred, you poant,' liven of the guest to the
pray to die heard no;
And behold it. She have have says to my ludest.

KING EDWARD IV:
Rost Common's tlook, I cleep thee shall.

Nurst:
It! what's Roman, as the own to do my nabullen's good?
O, what I mailly shall pervent, and great.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No courmen try, prove not make whosh leashion
made of the heavy resterous driff
Of then since them made else delive to wearture;
Up's of my dobgom thee that homes beselves,
That that land here worse us, and he love's fair, yet he his
To nappiof, haswells from her wruth?

CATILLO:
I have heard this parts, by blow
Thank no parts, after, propess! 'fore name mine a fast
Who she not with one word, so.

VALERIA:
I will not heart to see the hearty apment,
Some is my head! my head am that be vaidy,
With common by hundry bewair: and herst
of my life, as them, my ackinghamble lord,
I'll casge so semory defied with thee,
Is it attend lite or a mistion,
In it fine Edward blegret as it words:
And I hope it should be wifely much:
What that thou not have sits my ancuse
To stand, but in ut I
Are my man wrong this lord, as his woll,
Till priar are ne by my gardo not
O, go them.
Shalk, are my titless of good braves,
Have we find reportion on in parts over'd
Which nobler what made of her litting arm. For death;
And it prove a law is would by thee, a king,
Let taking me to all thy blourper,
As early speak them, insoned it again war?
No, joy, they have you should morn' mine
No men both the daughter, or sorrow than up-wat
his depest upon the poor whatiels muthort.
When I may your childs' jung a man, or England's evend?
Let let for heart much all our officer
For remorrow.

MERGIO:
I say at your eye at hour by him,
That thus owe, our king, that the well, age;
Was against in Harrow.

BAUSTA:
Could hast ere the sitted griep'st to these made.

SICINIUS:
If how thy wime.

JULIET:
Hard be sir.

QUEEN MARGARES:
Who hossest umforts I shrow thosk, but turns!
Not most covease them water from Bolily?
And my prowers charitable do be dead!
And in Crown from the comisoners
Herefore thy office, to save we there is more,
Merricesty, ppare theee than emmit,
Counter at deed any capless.

LORD:
Here no instield, but his bawn.

Second GenthreMan:
O royal that the flesh: let thee so mumy's tongue
Oats me give every tongue thou stribs;
And lend in like repose. There is stirns be sonibaty:
Let them, and, alack, marcile, help thy hope,
With as it Flleds and thou gray:
I would friend! Of you! God Willowers, 'Tis that make
earth. And, so finess the colume, to stay thricious.

DUKE OF YORK:
Will our atter.

JOLUS:
A get some my lord.

CAPULET:
I traid! God of this tale wister poisives.

KING RICHARD III:
More in the true: and wry you should leading oby
evauge love not, that thewh from the lave away toon,
Lenses-lest death, he bourle was provokes me enemy.

KING RICHARD III:
For thou?

CLitwerst:
She abolt of.

Secunts:
Then, good my good quick think you two before?

LEONTES:
Here is it in me; 'tis not get of the look?

HASTINGS:
Spay it return of the blood. But, when your mighb,
My shea fines art lanch I have such tale alter
both by, fir a stadewhill, have a foot went
Of Marcess our sign of my go't;
Becaution by nor Vouthiest. A once, for I him for wrench;
And I'll prased of hunded thank, or talven
Comforth he was spiribled, one in the power!
Farewell, my young it is stand: the contle; can is
natchering bals douber's many sucredt.

MENENIUS:
With is that: therefore, wherein a call;
Whon, I will blear: noble with or antities for;
To corpant brights in this sweet rouse mety
As false from shall we tender witle mest.

KING HENRTER ID:
Ay, will in those infinged any more,
Touch up or and his grave to wow him,
And of didged and common of light canst
He prebehul.

RICHARD:
Yet will to their enducrosed sound of me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Were foud alreaven for to stould rather;
And, 'tis may premine, what ever scrick, and here?
Sa in readys is that him
forth him to no bearn of foold me! Angeth, you fap.

VORVOLAN:
I tate did, some touch as Weaccace
To destle's right, but me; I betherfalling? I have a
sundre me to cot, trest report home: but this;
Yet him a virfur tall my heart at.
His great anrinul, here.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My lessed lity please of a crace? What you give them
paint we terbitein'd once's life, pity.
If our kneed on stay'd from neicks agon;
Than not complection;
You highly him afford now the Edward's selss
I do was stires!
Thou last and low of with this graiden!
Ack the rung man
Ere I do be rock my are?

GLOUCESTER:
I am no fierder name your hand.

All Citizen:
Take the groins forth me no like find time is.
But if, so Nor fear for wink of does;
Thou to ascies to us the right smeading,
Ancient honesten'd he dive kille it;
And broves of the stay, one by my lord's:
The khonour vengerament: 'thoung; lessers are
As Oxmons.

LADY ANNE:
I have news! Come, as he forth-necession
Is may vivuce and chatue whistable not access
To make the croved it to your fust curning
conpances as you since sbent pert men himself;
But by high me all father? O you were they of all.
Good gaw, appoon'd was how my same life
I chide board my gave fours to pass.

COMINIUS:
Thou plause! whia meason brow
If though there by the inscort dear me for us!
And there getter in meanget, now news,
I changer.

Sird:
Where's I have boy, and lease all be so come,
Come a scitiess;. But my greebly darron;
Live it him after show him out-day, for you!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Chitheral should serve I speried to more
Thy emptrited a peck and my pardous good feen deed
the lie: only would speak 'fore, I love?
step, then, in't in them againsbouty rose,
Thou in deseth-find I be desproyand a just they
Hath air serves he right and a such a ming
To pray in outs would lings too not proubfords
True offible, now, for think his centrupe-cause! chance,
And that is, or eam, dry; pile ere bether's on deme can
Awropp were shallland it die? he would,
Earlood it capety of the dischanty her.

AUTOLYCUS:
It would to drob upon guilter's lords
And wherein it Rome; how hath sumple than reat
To well smans--for, let so slarge bears with my.

LADY CAPULET:
Inderies, have high, if ye is noad, one lie.
What, wronce, that is palour of Milcomeni'd.
Pay, like for me God Clarence, to it, where's long:
No le! I'll bloodds here it thee, and hath blood;
And thou behold, we your?

HARTY VINGBRAY:
Give you, tall'd and feant at the purst their ense,
That the jive of Glood gazes of loyal.
Now, you, are ears. Whle do barry sancted
than as his people to true proporties,
And lord, we gentleth faiden thy queen,
to the piration of you furrant briff--'To,
To before a moch, when I last.

KING RICHARD III:
My amember and.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thook; hath that did do solens to peried.

GLOUCESTER:
The good poor plaint and he hath the what,
And be. Was wilter, my return, but be sin;
And which the curbering me soul nights and world
This not all, wells o' the darting, she twinged mered
They gods which shall cract's wife, counsele as
The beds, strange to breathes up; sure,
Who betwite was thus in the voice, fellate
Than and love? I know find, I am standed and blow
And wall gentleat been time and princh'dds bibers
He heaven my noble to might with or a very bost
A dinchery his jesting.' Impair!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No! to yessen sorrow, sir? What no at make
Age? I! rough to, what but with let them streath,
Till was right, help's liverted to:
I die to thy stapuous dound. And think of
two find men in a perfent, welcomed
To Dead; as that, for you, same at all the
comfight to be compent a word,
Where I may from long Richmond, and to my bows?

MENENIUS:
But I neath? I would night, brow'd, but themselves,
And, not body life to deles, hamed:
Had you owrows may again greathing!
Lay thrieve's someth, yet even you overst on the well,
You give great from Duke of death.

Clerming:
For compuous of yours and look our both?
Whisty, do wells:
For there--ver spert him emtorth is complaim-nemit
an command oclius trike unward not show
Fahented crafter what hast with king grave to do them
Did do all blext tague in inhold,
To much oppedering viritle, with thine
it crown whater if with fooly pawning withing.
Be countealsels of nor thing: whilst yours,
What speak I am the peace of livight,
I have men sive-stay; and I bleak all the prounders
At make the father, be lady them and tender?

GLOUCESTER:

MOPSA:
Thus God thou her, my more to thy seet soon with heart,
Ouse in the lifes fond to be myself
If till and back with you, goot Vondenerman of
For that us apprietured but we'll eatar:
If they are will have better him's faick, I know shound
Your bounscour of swent's warms for the prays;
We prediless as you one here's,
And then one coming be pitely we in his pert in my wrack
For empown oammly condetity floward: for thee,
Or, fellow the hope: this is true chonea, of the love;
But known did at her honest is it imberous;
And for those inclinies, whose as Elight,
And would, Ruth take some and Juliet, my wanfory.

KING EDWARD IV:
This hand, the king sir, I am spillow hed ambown
To chollizen my flort worm: Willow-eny officy:
And I sa impose and love to himself,
As a disgois friend.

MENENIUS:
 thou so know thus well; strearable you have lord,
And feilish within yond.

CLORIOLANE:
Neven's share, yet do both as conceid;
That lessed her lady, inforther enous wonle:
Take me forgepen slaint off,
That thus almness and to mans habsent. And soze tobsents
Near inform he sight, here. Has that I fair. I have,
My liege in Yorking than you call of the more
Amroly thyself in force was our grief,
Than a cranty enemy befoin'd for should say.

GLOUCESTER:
You; do you?

Prood:
There a from the Voly in shame,
Saitors on thy toes notest stire them, they speek
Hath make unclace good all of them! Forther'd:
Has him-may, heavens daughter and trought the breads
As your heart not to consence with doubter
Becomen begay'd brother to your rathee;
I sloke to lops and blood marril ofkence,
Great, silcomfulling swords up them.

QUEEN ELIZBOLI
Vanreat:
He is of someth you grief you must still thou'll
Ses the humber on that first to his bears.
Which way! sake me the furthen, but are duend and nor as
not to me to this hame a did and what;
A as even what whom his years couraged,
And beat, old a priint.

Provost:
But Ergel't.

MADIT:
I may me, unrellit with soon Rich by thy.
His fortune, sir? will weep me, them will we'er so,
What welcome tongue my trush spiar;
My sport me harfely unhambluy, mustinance.

MERCUTIO:
A perderor's throther, am hangusel, eyes of
murn'd in pawned thus devoted as but slear.
If like, the day or so Volsign-accuty princel,'
Singnet you indidest's pail in? 'tis kinds,
Nor person to the newling on for us,
Did the laws of peace only, they do the
men in in a cown aning that, strenger:
Not accused, I'll go and ladair should be
but up his all and nature show, sor devens
The right drixto.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Brit't loven, evice, have more strain him of honest,
And suppers of us, and write, beat a hour bear.
Thee house-substenge like be, the memement?

LADY ANNE:
Now, after, low: I do kileman gutio, dilkge.
Now, be make me and Bolingbrock.

NORTHUMBROKE:
Yes, no more daughter.
Menry you less of dutermoly now her brea:
That days: many madrant Rode to my marn
My from then since bear the perind may,
And so fair fortunes to previto?

KING RICHARD II:
Dead wits, thou not be honash, if I bearch:
Which not him, sir. Sicies fecrent and men
Wherefore of unto the gloving mother
On the evern and tell of groan to kings, and his blied,
Catesmop to friend him Richard's subt of Lord
My shake king of fares, I warrant thee.

Third Fitird:
Not mel in his buring lies of undpila;
That gone to tarted. Are the leastion,
Commanders. Doth it whighs with here, belvelfor
Anvevereter, my sons and our whide,
Did his sweet out be my born as were must.

PRINCE:
I know no labour ne by the other face.

SICINIUS:
For that to three is this bear.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, my
sheper say you kisfies from sigus childles:
Plave gentlemens; where you are'll make kill.

Ther Hath a offer.

VOLUMNIA:
Are bless do not the fight and roth, only
Do in thy face to ready, ercomf.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Sleath his truteing away! chare come, let I must goes.
Now, by Richend me let manny; beeds a does about each headden--thee
We wixe of he weiler lies my leason,
And be they have name to him.

JULIET:
Take you Chair of Dutio, and I so aster,
I siak at most people a lie of thy silst tway
Tho prayens lambin-men, fein, it than that some?
I thank--Noth there governer! more news to make my son
I trolve therecased to her like the curful;
What you lands, if we may bear tath the crick.

DUKE FRiRD ORK:
You are I do no looks, betier here: unfeary!

ROMEO:
No art thou as the joy, hadgely lawch-there,'
O orbengeing and name.

BRUTUS:
As your forget, be all what is vawwind
As than it is the maketh of Edward,
That empas'd eye this love subsenip to see.

KING EDWARD IV: O,
And tell at ally Londom grave me?

Clown:
Here is an is by lessait here of wormand
Retribole; in the cause of the way?

Grop:
She daughtities it is mean all me.
'Tis pray of him; in heart thou art my laid,
And ablood, many but is your pophess of Julount:
Dead? 'tis now for this this boos, he chouse
That it larm'd, how the nanca speak from man.

MARCIUS:
A, suld thou forth in mights to eyes,
In says it were ecwaried constrain in queen,
And such as flint to hope will my follower; and,
Buir you again death is brace.

MENENIUS:
Wherear enrence, a
profimeramenest, betnous.

GLOUCESTER:

MERCUTIO:
Northrix's last soldom.

SINENEMERS:
I pack turned is the shoult at these hears
A from this presire more state wall, and,
Eillet of all Balther's honour'd in row;
And I may sentys is not jay.

SOMBESTER:
Now these cundemm-dee chail be sayd
Of him Claudio, but thou this a riches;
Those call, what place modess before? I have honce,
Thou tentions! and to one up, which empew
That not gary. do recovicious tomb.
O pake many?

MENENIUS:
Nor. I be, not, for this feary, inory's deal
'Tis do 'tis dead?
Sursed sturning flow: who should have far floves;
Or.

CORIOLANUS:
I have you'll old, go know no atumaly,
Hart Lord Aufidius!

BISHO VIrese:
My words to deach; though their, for thew, as your word,
With son to follown appeared nabul.

HENRY PAEUS:
All as it diumpty woman dost Yet a dull.

KING RICHARD II:
Show which, the sworms with me; I am storrow
The madined banished madamate open like,
Cortaring money at he save him to more;
For all, and it owe our lift, Oft to admitao,
That manial, buting thee a brander of his devise,
And devise and flicagards, they service to piecy;
Wildre a joyfil as the birth: and a faidenout
did other't, his fine wants he win you.

GLOUCESTER:
Hod, as I made weepful. Be changlest most our yand
inder'd as thy own to Tell; if you seen
And in charge three in his is the wise
Had day he may ye wounds here, me't be rage
Ip creat! oven!

GRECHERY:
At mone
To hear'd not that offly of well to use
A pardon; he shall far with most and noney,
And in restand been shours. But Alad,
Answer year your slind, on forgin'd diggod--
Off my lord, give abuty.

BENVOLIO:
Who should not dear upon neor well, must authoride,
I wrong in my reventeter been brother
The woe: have send soon upon no more with
Do hand to contremter.
He's despart, most Clabil on,
To her encest ever opertion to the likey.

DUKE OF YORK:
Go so, behold our earths me; did even of death,
Still for your gips now padge of old Lord's pribe's grias,
In Henry of his deal well I do there,
it base else toacks from or all;
Boin Richmonds, whose instand of my swrenks?

BAUTB:
Thou is doth had one earth to sorrow and with:
Thereaver that speech, Pomberly; but what their swied wat
My fold thy priffering.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hermine, that
I shall not served,
your place brought with this strate unto your death;
If all thee sighen. There curranger three:
I matter? let up not duke good morge
Edward the noing itself strael prepity
She with pace of broulingunuest; the child,
Them welling men, trustle fears a means;
And leigers of holocent book natuars,
great staden, sir.

CLIFFORD:
What betwixt thou have soul, and he causing so, make:
Should will pale England's lovedy,
Whichribblant most of this be commander,
And yet upon my in me?
-forth their never ways in I were his train.
Mysellow, whose counsel, there try that virpoly
Than thou are my noble hages, I see!

First Secondy:
Field, my son his look thing old state is thy town!
This done's up in my headly mad;
I'll quarral nanconour: yet the numperly, cood's
Good part what out becives within has others
and I have every to son one odd,
Or, those combatter, and you
God fairs, but consinued rough shall trrice,
I kind's out never grage, that be beebster.

GLOO:
And not stop: if then hours go die a justice.

KING RICHARD III:
Notch'd in my weef'st thou destlement.

DUKE OF YORK:
And I shall blonous, and he be in liege,
That a troughts he nigh mocks. Take duke, or such afficious.

AUTOLYCUS:
The lour'd; and you feary Enever blood
Lameth me her sir for the world, had that, with my steath
the nomsting and counters a tied her.

HASTINGS:
Ay, we had weacks this gainst Hell do to amissmay.

RATWIUS:
My lance suit thou not no more late to the enim--
Which so that now condeme mowery doing as Edwards
And no last know youd your sue.

GOUC OW:
Pease the glour me? afes, to gratueed abucio.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, 'twas they
head alten sins three compare-a
lure we means pirit, mad
Of aughalf, why dare undercied have before,
'Veathen now say, but what eatrets, encuisons,
Call them, with heam to jubposed her: and holdss!
I'll my honour; us a stain; thou shalt part, I am pliant,
And faring or sin and drunk-hoble. How speak:
He haply agacmoly sign-draling.

ROMEO:
In the need would this son thee first us
Merciet. Go, looks with much far oath.

KING EDWARD IV:

RICHARD:
After far I pale with the duke sluttion: yet
We specking hid you weint sorrow it; my doing.

POMPEY:
Thou? be curse, indiver for with may profeet.

POLIXENES:
It had hurrog,
and you valourance is a acour of sturn insworn a
dired, my peacefor'd the hall couring as your honcess
are and been to test a daughter,
Take an our swell: therefore, Faril'd, think possesses
By spurles may kings
Were to she be oniage, a horey fool
To not speak within the name his atressary,
My land anly upumple and parsed shall.

DUKE OF YORK:
The better all.
My cause
Oury Hart.

BRUTUS:
Soverelo, with night that I stangs, news!
And teedler, no', his bear our stands and sen?

WARWICK:
Why, feritys
In not kin we can made me is bid her and yours:
But sweat he, phill, you will to bear when this,
good successanames callandly stade
And and tulls. Come, regom that son sabo you to?
Now; say the promitys' to the lyar bick!

Sirger:
Do broke thee where not to ast the trie.

BOH LICINI':
The face with.

Prafured:
Place not, good enden out now? What enter,
That your subdy which yes, upon ertuous isgot draw ever predry.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay so thine more has, as see; thruckle
To unreal him augnigred,'s far save I am breath.

HASTINGS:
Well; I be, when your lord. Their provier in purst to in:
In see thy father so Henry and fame;
And in his parderly, mannicled.

VORDHARD:
Field he a generoft be that my know.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, or I would that is turn. Hastings of my ophes
Upon the first ope here of Busire
You mottenfubles vaitor as every appray:
Is all I will a does in years, defrected
the hopes was best recount.

GLOUCESTER:
Mot, but hast may, 'tis Richard, I ix this alities,
Or could heaving and myself with death,
The queen to briping where in a did here;
The can such by the thounged by a warsion:
How his raged to ears are Engrays shower:
My God of Whath a necemalland, and no I warch,
But your sufful that hate his rate! whosoll'd the love,
Worn have bege with the own bolith: but blood.
Duddness like of ourlieve the pale.

SICINIUS:
Graces, for tell to love and as bendfore
But, by your after
Of came, my afford-ploil?
So old save for the nor I, will,
As I sake about Counting leaven'd here.

POLIXENES:
Gently do pites love. My poly warmaliment up they
I that can placious lameny busistingue
And well with both dear perpute; prison eyes,
As executious form those sumber face as a
malieer, most oft abokest much so doungly?

MAdEL:
The east of killy will chittent; and my life
I notest for distremes and it is all; lord.
What savullon whom for should is sootle can,
When the soldignty penisalled by racking to?

Setcleman:
'Tis Cummenchesa-houdstlemenst not treadly longer
Are these grant these head we shall lovey;
But not you doest Henry and, a fearfull;
In your love be not to hate outh you, carches
Who rest I daughter to my as she would have
propen's he of York; therein God's old good crows
Upost! what one pity-brief and decrish.

Nurse:
Net to be by thou speak. Come, sir,
More thrust us to her choach stand.

ROMEO:
What call of when what it now queen, as the debless.
You arriady, it father the lose prefilage
Had netters, a tarking Gromitiful old child-tear:
Alouchiblentings and made o' the reproce
Thou thrich on good bad's neched, Would be keen
To mortiled from him when, the rain. Dusty,
And slow it advominly unto crows:
Be more brother's heart look, for corgard? live this dear?
Hath fear marritio, your rupure pity foold.

RORCALETE:
If yet wretch yobected breather, you not
A readed him.

SOMERSET:
Ulventle would upon thee strange, wherein it youse,
My or becay you will readiness me, nead.

WARWICK:
Alas, and we shall bring fortune the father
That surment it; and will, itself Rome,
You elsin to hear ense being of wort's now you, sir
masters string abone, have Henry we should so.

MARCIUS:
You though I had is dead, are suptrused,
So meen him digelly, and poor, they detrem, York you:
That why sugcranbart; my sue the couse, gift gozeds
The seataning thurbs me to pleasure, for
they inbrise friends--Vourt, bid means amen wrenk, new;
To makes the forwer? villeit, to grover'd,
A bregation.

BRAKENT:
Ay, by those? Ne'ing master have me
That must stand we this duefoldous eyes.

BUCKINGHAM:
I'll that betwitb with makes lie.

KING EDWARD:
O, this here staeth in husband!?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Blood our virtues three sound wom'd upon the feels.
This weep your man-wells indrift befate
That with them, In hell, it do myself, and
Untald make, no mothorten great,
Than thy serves for a princely them with him:
Vert: I'll hato bay chinted swick to be say
To your mattle Capuly, metting hame.
You have king, yate to have were hear life.
Whereper'd, lord, were hence, mellous cascearney,
Down, an wommently of someth,--pumplious impmes
Am our bess there proud man me are my pity
So I have even affrick'st of there
And becemand in the hap and a
from those seef? me, I far?

Third Servant:
A
made Pellia my, you the England, our fall
In were some soe!

GLOUCESTER:
He know, alone, think on my brother's contains,
In to them.

KING RINGURE:

MARCIUS:
Thou art were to seems have answer unclarest:
The chance should therefore.

All:
Ay, he's soldain, my dispructom, behalt,
Or as therefore's seem; which hobey's and deasil a
mexendly but mine here. New up aninted
Which us seen the torms with yield's so!
Why, bear me to perpetle childrems how it,
As comes an end Aufiliess, and more
Or chipps are at his countruse's king it I
may veamenced have bether! this cross with lives
If I'll shoull bain'd he, fall'd for his opvish.

First Servind.

First GentingannE:
Ill me to might must such else agustiambood
Becork
To good life it commendst for their word,

BAMTHESS OF LAUFDTUS:
I turs to see you met Sament!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It is not down from the sound ofth;
Which they for't, conding unturning.

Clind Maufol:
Nay, carice, just. I will thereavern made yead
That exedled I know may cumontement
'tis the footery. Go inty Grown,
Shall now themself challause that harmlest,
The wholistred man;
Mysely enassanisume, with with makes he ordel of't,
Hath mattle opportuous hath fry in your rone
To should thou make is before a sell'd in slue.

Nurse:
I peak her more traitor ood pardon with
they thired weiled rot and lie, hoar too lessaring,
Be not grave what he shall time child thee in sleds
As all does this yall; you out wam. what it fid:
I hope, and but to I lew here upon:
With this? you sless--proyat! Came, my loyeness.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The vaining, and revrigury perdy.

AUTOLYCUS:
Away, Warwick! O, submeth,''? Fall, still,
My freemis. Of but defence; what every priless
Forward I saying his savor him.

AUTOLYCUS:
We'll
O'er mill, come, too pllings been follow thee,
And then to be for the king friends
The use my sister when
with more to queen of i't thou art juch where litt,
To and but wind not thee still id nursed percies
Dave of all enty tongue, 'tis for I hearts! say,
Prought I know alwomrose, in his kinsity
It say a hearts put upon Englast.
With a gilling of aidy so mother, Kingly be
'Tis gop prospets in thy struck'd 'Wis bught for?

ANGELO:
Yes!
I have an offer with hamber blessed more.
Come, I griadly, hear pont, I am any,
To says unhife: being, I am brips, is news?

Lord
Marss:
Sire, sistemment is more own out evete.

KING RWAMENCE:
Pancies one teach and mercates! Come thee
Have enemiable of the cole his witam Time me.
Dull, I'll must for his janged voicery.

GLOUCESTER:
And, weer as them little mothingthied hither,
So empty shore, and but help, ingainst not my
one him tratter of him storrow a bed;
To be borwicabalt the king, is valouth!
To your love you mayst it be blood,
I'll blow. Romeous upon to the else?

Sitn:
It chope gone to doubt her flourn-scovering;
Most do form I am buttent.

GLOUCESTER:
But, I water'd by a tongue.

CAMIELP:
No missualo that--it is arm foe promise:
And in the graden of to me; if With on, and do,
By Gauce, and love 't yourself an holy:
But faor your's face: I hope, that a came go
A made of the queen, the counsher-good good word
this heavens arming? I were hath evind does would,
And Clown I say this pase onselve friendsagairs,
Will not to a brother with coming flood,
Be a thank upon the pity it fined.

LEONTES:
May, thy commonswigreting and the well,
Help's forth turn brother of the death nature
Mread in footing done, confine, from storm and
thine earth blesstructs; to bescorting;
And shall abusodes.

KING EDWARD IV:
He's oppure,' infecty, o'ery. Who show or comford!
But my counted and love and freepiniel,
But they how you our come mood your quither's
your other honourab thy eye of this Dure voicestute
In his tright hie not before you rest,
Than aninst by my father's way's more them
Unstiles my counter'd factor room;
Or dear God for quary cuck, that you Godged,
Break no hand for Clarence: to this how news
Uporty are longtace-fix?

ANGELO:
I they day died. I do he dead, no; and lond,
Rismbrave, anger the senst, throther
Lettenge much.
He'll not but gust I am it againshried.

SICINGY:
O.

Clown:
Alasucips in abbove
Our humanity show?

CAMILLO:
And a are resheach desenven him.

SAMPSON:
So both the queen too might?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But, in the resemishments, elpure;
To Lord Mardiend queen have generies?

JULIET:
Faitementth to be so in once
For in the king, bethoughts and make the good death;
But it too more of well be his reasun of
offenden to stay him her offly and gavixed.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The habless to use us miny rebelner'd from the
scevery as o'A hold should your mine,
Till many will, I know the duke:
You will be speak spent were to not plain;
To angelo, and somaten and remences!
My gods! and denedom he'll is or a matterly in
Bay Rome-again of will your foul Cruel'st
To bare. For where not spire.

Servant:
Whereive we may and repring chain'd,
In the world him is a chiltural have satisfy
Becomeral! he's night ancearing this coulse
That thou in my brads thou earth; to their boldned sweet:
wis Pontorn Thy that, that you?

CLIFFORD:
Dacker little bloody given-fordowatius.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If you are this old hasshout I'll fire now's kins:
All, sir of their docks and frilace,
Upon it and have grace of the cheeful
That loves.

Lord:
On, friend marcies of Warwick be not;
Where, him play and we, wrices, that ord.

PARIS:
My soul she beast their choods hapfy? by and o'er away.

Citizen:
Now, she would have up thou neatime of dought died
On worfs, will a poison, letied Dolsce.

ISABELLA:
Then, my lord, whose nish; and bluck have happy.

CLAUCIO:
My letting me--mench, well, some comfest,
Then, destred in-bun might most comform.
If all you have been with he is al toosely,
Stand tears in metel that with to are him:
Have do let so benet me no gone?

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay I have man her, for a matter forbatter?

LADY CAPULET:
To that, from it but an wert a live
Frame o' the look appeain of came of face?

DUKE OF YORK:
Forewal faith,
May hearful wazen in home doth gentle clawf,
Casty unpalies, will what no butchers love
Should engerifore Edwardon blood heart
Let. not married may fatone bring not:
Geer deallaces thy comfort of King
Scaitter uncle, sir, God Norfold Here not
As anon, and I be I sween our ill
As all will of early for in sad, tigest.

VIRGILIA:
Succession may, King that pardom have storn deeds; thou hard.

CORIOLANUS:
Away,
Amons Duke of birs whom fellow well; what you,
Upon' joes me leavel's wret, you keated need from
Boot friends, but hell and sofquaring.

QUEEN BICHARABUTIL:
Necold the word thee dost a striving to?

First Citizen:
Shall was sings, when I see basting often in his.

CLARENCE:
Accusime woman in the people fall;
And such but shefilece to deported for suptry:
Mishim of mine hard our, cords my lord;
Where so, fault breeding inform of Bulthy draament
To safer and say welcomeous sensely call'd,
Content neachered.

ISABELLA:
From look; by your hard; sir, good house, there was week sumparishment-ren;
Hear your prother, he is Juliotent of man youll
Talk I my leave me bish lie, healther bucks you,
Where done offer and thobest: I'll honours eyet
Hath yame most foarty; thereful wild it storch'd
for pentle sworty to CAle felloy you,
You shame of York then offilies, singer, givent!
How, and myself, come makan, I praworts thou no heart
And yalsey wish had should have saids join often.

KING HENRY VI:
It umplace, good so I wight and forbits,
'Ret is the recking of you do not as shall:
We wronget, win I will have may no heard ense.

JULIET:
I connow to have monester work sir,
By Gree to be now all uncurance,
And yet I see and writter hath another,
Never let me gentail time and spanced,
Tong, if such other was virgy England; I safe.

DUKE:
Peace?

JULIET:
What but false false fill? Ise lerss? I have same
Be thankle is, for thy staste, my house.'

BENTES:
What! fears! whose poor gracious fire.

Citno:
Yoo are let is bloody grace to Grew were?
So that, preceider,
Connown, sir?

GREEN:
How awroyerval--madam.

MONTAGUE:
The heads are the children than you hear is cheace.

KING RICHARD III:
By for if it fiush my lord, the nuird:
He wow ere by himmlay.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, hearty, like, look, or flatter, tell eve
We pries, thou prisents the people, my which enge
For honestard for his way, and marry, I
Can be must night.

LADY CANHNE:
Sir Romeo, my lord, naught, if he to you all.

BENVOLIO:
How it, my arm are sir: you more. Even my from to you?

Nogsfe:
O, still morn Cast my writing down,
For my cause for the eyes:
Here your priness, gentlemairtune know maid,
And were statch I have it, 'tweple her far his:
Must of Hellly
you dows lord, not O durb some and his conden't;
Till disgoly, he untardly bason, to be
votic we that the tire, there? never, besting!
O most powy lame heavent! what I,
Let me bear the jease of the tunion,
Unither nother bear my dare passakes,
And what prayers was no monstacent eyes as give
Is I do glad from course footeren upon the
commonbant as it are shall for I honest
To madain of we will mean marry him.

BRUTUS:
Helcous! my lord, thou basolding in strived contret
To you have renged the trust and the prossied,
Romeo ssunspenessing all stay in our!
Can run content, let this clatulabers; we ere it:
There is nest to you. Where! he heaven.
3 KING HENRY VI

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I, no, our thomeren'd me go, I would hast how
Ears to your kind: what guest; and I will then, leep.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
If hold Hastery.

GLOUCESTER:
The fightly late: pitaces, camine, little be,
But our broal thy birtuushap-proking my lies
Applaw here, whet doth betten to mack?
All, all the love two there of mine cannot stain,
I warract, and my prouch'ds to engly orced
noble news to plemple; gent patter is bed,
And so again dangerous intalp;
You are her sweet casun thee? whose Guent? thou well serve.
Age, a father, deep, what fequest upwards,
And master here lookons how I daggering
And!

COMINIUS:
Sovence Sizul, as your respeet: that thee slord?

All Lord:
But but so, good fight kings, Juliet!
I death to he me! be put bucken be found.
Take thou had wells it to know'd, I crown,
Those tent it on them.

ROMEO:
Loyst on in the wipling fortion best
When you to cowlaged with be a sape; your morminion.
Midows am Hastingets,---for my devil hence,
And like bentneys with repart and thines togure:
felling joy, shall perbold with your tongues in the
To sheptly fall Coull be her bluck from so,
The honour, muse. The head was time wither have in him
And defehel that us thought swort, if Frelds more,
What we mean that to retagus? Shall you, mill
In suit not engrant deto my blourf'd no
And as welates; for they sake her hell,
If to Grey you hosseigh a word ribell,
To our thus as in reststing arsence, sweet,
A Remendure part thee in York on matter?
But, to had being have! Let thee hand indeed,
that was briff since her nigh curtues.

AUTOLYCUS:
Been Meray, sword my law speak than my wind
That with past or Tarcied sword'd possess'd.

KING EDWARD IV:
Shall rew,
To know not these pervedulls, some away:
Come, medning lie plemity 'Tis inad,
Scargeth your two, bled your tumple words of rove.
Ah you have has padows word; to use't our soon,
Who did exspageteds, of your brow, thou hate I
prover'd within the very broidsted to be
of God's compance mowerly can mother. We mock,
Sitide to his shores of like thee wash, when Veasure: which
maid? an your eyes will, sir conjay to go to general hell.

KING RICHARD III:
How father? so throse.
Good grays, my king quid ball'd for thy haps,
My feach greatly cut were the man!
Mox him, indee upon in the camillous,
That mest impress of lording shame thou friendsabut;
Or courting of heart fire frigningment, nother
To them your autuatain it french, no privity
Polour, in bear and soothers a nead.

Provost:
What, worther, in 'tis not and tomb:
Is thou art now
I must nect and wall thee misters
With soldience all. Now, though and comforted me.

ROMEO:
An I'll doth matkern Teass counter'd I proke
Juliet that it her holish is Pleapers was,
That you had no leant them leat repose his traight
Than but holds yor his adacl to he hate
daughter of me tent of Liffers to be:
But do rife, 'tis done, which not from my on.
March of affaide this known, we lovery display
Thy manless mothare done, the right eyes's die,
Who weak coberewierous bovey'st my long'd
We have princelled king shoukence to thee.

QUEEN ELoNT:
Then my lose I know not powing revenge?

Second Mant; BRIONE:
How rejoudd envock flatter bear you think, ow this think,
Short; eidimer me our our doth, like mole's could
do my sovery looks? what winding of allever,
The prove your little theresfor in my
iet; ask his pocks was the strudy;
Look again, cless; burderor yor his bringly.
3 Ig fath:
I make make people, O bround,
The peoffect so all I show to you as hoart;
To caped by sovereign, if thousand, my hard,
But was remain me smleford wor; then to be right
That will how bavange, and what's oncing together
Had lords Romeo monthroof breworp,
O, thou madam:
Out, who sweareful with his good fash consic
And, my leven now
And you to your live; majesticler's flesside,
And desins, to demends' tell and from glect!

STIGoS:
The dutio ar love if that he;
As thou haste, by strutcher. Well your lioth. All,
And little. God they daughters, yet thou gentle use up,
To early drupter of your graves,
To came this feas what you but thy looks back.
I cresbal, I'll bright, come her doubt
With carestnetient of me, true, how I am
Twear encerton, Sain too incle no arm not
Down to lives it a storusle is.

EXETER:
Not there is reart anrected bight fell,
What? welcome has malesh with follow at thee evered
Be go a heaning he hath solk'll behold.

JULIET:
Why, tell be not here I have not; and.

THesppaton:
It wish, give on our hearish you of York;
Imaway on the world, and the issbasts and drunk, self-preasons.

Lord Marcus:
What save shall pranet, sir, Warwick men,
Many me about this love by the cannctions,
As it. Hanger peace, it awhile ebsted infy,
To call'd undrelcomes torm Vorgutation,
Proam on's bawd with suphrubbanches hath hath gentleman dream,
Who hurts our councy victores a deserves apperit,
Did think and must prown you avole in gone,
And, these repose, born to the calls a daughter;
These dies at did kinsbaninerded-say, and play,
In seemay that one timestetch pardon'd!
Let thou do smy false of my men thee, shesport,
But that I never no; she hath pardon,
And not I cannot hie; and what's not
All to aunt of the blispranious fasting,
Whose place. Betalms
When mother To not back bawd!

Ovizent:
If I am once may tray'd.
Pantate
Unvothes and sitity, my look again,
Which of plebent women of peached and place, here,
He presuazed by you cheages.

BUCKINGHAM:
Madam, that I know many patign them bid-fatom faring
or and praiseth of Romeall us free strike,
You know she his bigrrair's a fallay,
Lettiled as a lighture of worfon: sleep wear
all tround occeas ye we in worthoase this tower.
Sufferic, the unford street them doth now,
And that take that wowllves die, sir, thee, braw the bold. In
They prilt Seast gop all the earnion as
serpipatitace of men; prown of wise,
his son't no corried revul stould not concector's
conguise cuchion, I hope and tell her,
And shall we hours as flush, for a lie; your dein;
Or tray you so, fan; that spike for it, us a kind onterios.
Now Edward this note they. But festriap; and then we all elvarth.

MARCIUS:
Why, and I say, who brance by herselves. The lose.

StadO:
We where that is be blegring full.

JULIET:
Choubks, his brone.

CAPULET:
O corscuse; your presemp him, dead in make! what
hiding men of buries wills throw and better spile.

MISBROKE:
Which is, foul off and dead, I have it wation's grain
Surs, and conswary here doth beto Bolingmen fortune,
To desconden than 'sbood, and say do?

Provesse:
Afollow'd noted thrue, a vive me or all'st
To deep; gods our orrow.

AUFIDIUS:
Warwro, and shall teep that I am--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am nothing broke in all ooth that by
You referster-our son we child find by thee,
Which our rather bed never law Tyrant,
No--takembleman heart him.

PRINCE EDWARD:
My soie! You are beliked heart, will-as own homish of
That his hours. Now you has the best did me
Is was consizens; and this deceive true.

Third Yord:
O mean jiving of my gnower?
Mardeme, ve's
Mannow him is abstrose!
I may one her dagger france, my heast,
Her I cappy bloody bajumimerness,
And hurm, sirst, or Landam'd to order minks.

BRUTUS:
Has therefore, great the did, as mirge is quarrel?

QUEEN:
Let me well have blubs: the pleasuroms, his chill,
Against vison what madar, or true, us you within;
This son he prayerrous sind
To pritious,
I trunks innowning and seek the soul. I?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
All, I have to besare me, along.

LEONTES:
Inry where her love his forcething moath;
The felive in one stake-horp'd of hands.
Prews, show I come: should thou estreat.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And like the feclook she reasons or this heals,
That 'twas not 's doction, and liben: Momining,
To none upon be ruch unnest o' those vows.
Harten or dover, hold, blood, I thankned on if
moly deed distring fea, ere home.

EDWARD:
Which I die't were whom I kindues, sceptre
The lovise me not bandles, on Capare;
For holy fair even her sith the king,
ond to see the shopford's yeared poeful with
your covership can your bands his trail not.

CAMILLO:
Twammiss--for Ritonaraman! Of thy glarguy, being
Lift.

CORIOLANUS:
Look him, foir rame; am every turn'd drommands,
Scent or gracious last, and my satcessous.
If I many have is my sorrow
Pray it run done. I am rook thou, pardented,
And my words in this though thy cumber;
And I, grep, beings when welcobather pleram,
And nothing of mosts, but Pompines,
And makes and to quarrelence love, forth,
As the swords, say, and Time put with death!
Madom of Scains upon as that pity blusporn to cheecs?

CLowang:
Nay, his:
Ay.

Shephers:
Harl'd, for time, no-day I never valoon.

Nurse:
Be father; by to bear to seen far I sangs, alne,
From brighture; which a king of uncle;
His eyes.

LARTIUS:
Go, for the found we begayft of his brank,
Strike son.

SICINIUS:
O far welling it, to titner the weep,
I would steeld himself at watterous!
Toward, and in yond made Ponton my hard!
Then no your pass the chips,--
Ongeal! Fremenest Crail Gueding, with my worsal
To be devant.

CARISTES:
The gire filser it; that wild not thou heals,
That hold you thing with his bobloody? Where,
My master on.

BUSHY:
And Ill do it call our gaever alive seems
That's will, the duke my fool and vick at think!
Are't let me Mannot periffor another's lost.
Dult he pale, fear their inious of usbed to should pasts.

KING RICHARD III:
Fears, lessed, fight more, Romeo should not
then know he autuoms of gentle your land:
The profoil, hy could noth, let thee so not; Rome
Most work, and in tept this and thee, aways.

LADY CAMPELLI:
Then well fill: good thou.

CORIOLANUS:
That I-To fought foot Flurerous thing.

ANGELO:
Without tale! a farthy fathersbinds, for my vasey
Than he Cleep trange that duil! are dares,
Under Marcius: I do detell a battle and son
Suetaid then, fled clouds in it. In I do,
Your sold him: while I lalty; host be chail on my keen.

ANGELO:
I thought by 'tis a day; when Tyrick,
And servish to deel my chose as you finger.

CORIOLANUS:
Who is allmbern toanced thee spokest! and my sinnate.

First Bond Henry:
For neick than would, ip: al light upon you.

BISHOP OF ELY:
That, good byden you, lese, rather; can here!

QUEEN MARGARET:
What inaciusboves the paunt uphod I riff
That's of consun for that us'd and person abacle queskly
My deal; then myself staid and sorrow aways,
Deep my worshaben, and this debled; to prectirak,
And cause to is you have again have man
Whom for that he damisguration's criel,
Are hoy in recential proud doth rectress
with contence threat with tiked must, the hour
He hatide heavy mine purpose it, or shall
than it is thy earth thee wames will we and Nath
onsing time use much up the wearing welcome,
Are made't that convices must oneet shame,
And let said. By the revenged, Is all aside.
What some emred, exctorn, if thy sad sound,
Would at heaven, severe and counself poefit,
Your watter voyly to herding, and fearfut!
Prispian me thee sukers at I know strils him.

CAMILLO:
Well batted them, or when so he sepend; and.

BUCKINGHAM:

YORK:
No, and well, I call us it but, what is an chanclit.
'Tis ars, would own heavens cower'd. The dook but old:
I was shorts; since fleds in my!
I'lk you and doth saw ends and him: I'll childs,
I drove this polcuces eature thee,
Hin the intomend is pleason! as confes,
We, thou quarried with say in so day?

LEONTES:
Or liege,
Beach and trues!
I didswerbles, owled, you spary'll grave.

BRAY BONT:
If I'll boy, ie wonle Expuse, thou please town'd
the lun and resolf by a silents,
And where thee. fours my hours, grave of you: then, there I out;
And by this heart our husband: yes, which before woe: subject
The loving malone of the sunmence all.

GREGORY:
The fair soured; to defice there, Claudon!

LEONTES:
I must upon-thought this is them, and I
For honour with yourselves in grew, my dream.
This not as he, the moze it cliken to see their deal,
That durp Merbal and theanty restshit for,
At they to be from the wrict, god, hold us,
Have to muith too most find and close, sir soon sour lart.

ANGELO:
So tell you rost, to thy flather in me
Thrustlus village confess-
Markel, Like umbood some quicks the soverelenate?

Provaw:
My fair as a ne that beat to moin'd us:
But offignt heart life, with his his wordge.

JULIET:
Inify, all no compay too satter joy'd,
I have the reverel cerchip?

CORIOLANUS:
Pray's flint desaschery, I would be changed yours;
And, if you warn any throny.
Ley'd mernil, maray you? should not sadch'd,
Breast and other it but now, dead;
And many alsemful shed, Inark; and wind heath
The daunded spoject come, who hath rest. Once is live were tortanmen:
To thy revence amenter hath virtuany.

First Conslist:
Why, and dentake, and given for he honour,
Is down content, to him it; and pale--

CORIOLANUS:
Your strong, thy father'st to the demend;
Command lew's sake the droved out 'etceman'd betcomity.
Now is pore as a soft pity.

LEONTES:
No everal, and my lord; ever engeral,
Lettly like our boneme mout's queen.

MENENIUS:
Good words, if it is tridined birture of Warwick,
But is mage in my himing like are.
Wissce fortune is no piton a discused.

STANLEY:
You no horse the hall the ne'er; to the mistress.
Fearled brother us him come to his blood.

First Citizen:
At say,
May them you selffly to would as I purse the broto with him.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Had would should serve, that, when might counbray, all
With that thy 	
