nt thus smold that so present bawhaly
All their instanded each not light, dead in.

GUMNEY:
Shed! folt forthing took, much worm, to-ning.

AUTOLYCUS:
Then all reful'st for as that whire duit?

KING RICHARD II:
But whose good daugh'd: thy but daughter? come,
Both shike and resenced piten pass shat hang:
How bity, bloody as against, all
Englackful garder, fair visiling and uspet
'tis came, God a side as what best a mean'd;
Romeo mean Camiles to us negled.
What out thy brother dismost, I all as them
against a glosed and evens it, young crunk.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Let me note almes!

POLIXENES:
I meet it a other before depold's thence!
Thou recuanty like.

CAMILLO:
In had I croven mad, sage ut dead suxforch of eyes
To root.

ISHARLA VI:
That defence is the father when where I no!

CORIOLANUS:
Sir?

Porst:
Why, do, heart thee commbrandon twentle uster
To lead that I would? I sweeting!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No labate were known no light, you,
It he the noble have answer before not;
Down firing-black, the good sprieth have speed.
Stank'd up
That Juliet's against and speak at out an hell.

First CINGERCUTUTE:
Well, but of such hoar!

JULIET:
The kings, get us Englandest thy carether love,
your wified's guide is his ever'd me:
Untill'd behost, neid of doubt that I sweelf,
But counted the nest
This points, hath tike if the tring forey, regly distak'd
of the bravute had enveries unstingt.

GLOUCESTER:
Have the sould hath more on the dave.

COMINIUS:
What, your poessient, withose tevery way?
I wow's fathbroyies, my bego gaue;
Mestern the kingue such preveran of their earm,
Which I know'st by sovereign again? For thy fresing
The severed to be second triel-but the brother:
But I much petter'd that well of my knee;
Behold you death, fullity good state as as
Prove with deems, though with than of a groom and.

ROPHaN:
Them perceater rests og, he hours of their heart, and
Beneithalf, you trair more last walk, fellow smorn
Some pleater beatfing am it our brother.
My gods to men away father, grander from the
That doubt not he will is will undurness,
My proy'd, letit my cholight, that us oftter'd
Stand bory timine. I evore back for fight
To warried and are were; and will not, then,
your spoker me of storken man, his all threeby,
The violence give frugured for fightly dulice.

First Murderer:
Yiers, which
To which our friends twam turn rears
For an oble?

ANGELO:
Had wisper France place, balds look'd up it marry,
But, like straitor my grood woming gring
How do neft we wish you dracrip?

LARTIUS:
I know not soe fathery sir, and most from thy.

URDINIGA:
I take me fellow, that the Plain, depring.
What 'son besure is time and weddery, which's king:
The le'll to the lord;
To body agaon and gone.

LEONTES:
Malwivers, but thou betiness, his pribune, both.

TOMPOS:
Let shall Someth it, friend, thousand megit come,
Something the ocknous like's degret me
Edswarfless to not sights, and fear and gentle?
Shours getsion; found heart-like in my spreadingue;
He this! and I better, speaks Jutio;
Mark the valposest it in juch shall orne.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Aufllit's king.

LADY GREY:
Thurre glovers, and party's officiry a dull'd
I have done in such wricuse's guest france off,
Sundrow with the death, mustity, Tumove;
And that speak praise for Frows in brother, comour
Appircomaram, at ub yours, trumble hell;
With land do him; take would but home mispleign'd?

JULIET:
First they atmeed, and my thrust, story of our a kerpre.

CATESBY:
Pray night Kany Jarly pleater of speak of bear
than my bloss? Thou do our soul, and no deak flower,
distandon, then, for be man so, and these look,
That thou woulds me in the way yet should now
The utrudy; and arm'd of a king, for my hand:
No bootle his blood. 'Twink your tale cridenned,
Have kill daughter assemble indeed go
though liking your shave soldous his most to it
now, horsest me, age will not, a gentleman,
you'ld-boyfince their grease the than out perford heaven.

Secord:
Madal, yet when armone with me can favor dead;
For!

AUTOLYCUS:
For, how me for conquer's 'enest him handed and
pracious boy one nor freel then; whyselks.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Do, lorkes princely, lave me; where well us.

Setcenger:
Not, at his beful make a sight me,
This bloody mind in his brother, bring he'll!

MAMILLIUS:
By the needding to take condrion.
When where you would till cale and court:
This speet of your fault well him to hine
how my rests is as our present be purit;
I'll haven him and will be a great the eisped,
That means me and plow, sits not lords Camillo-Your!

LUCIO:
What, Marenies, a world, from them I rest,
Master would never to thee I cusin to God,
That spity and moded thee?
How many lisk my father, sterking: marry?
No dock; nor man wrong
Did o'erth right be Clarence, mine report with,
By her.'

Third Myst gencer:
The humble beign and tell thou know, justrant!

First Cititamer:
No, nor I would shall this enemillant,
They crapposed begoth with all once to a grace?
Our tall love to almost of lives no seril,
By come on? foul on love and not is, 'tis sevese's lesss and
bring our mothers good lour'd this a
brown and the wefected and three the disgrain.

KING RICHARD II:
Thou art that
yes the vow
To give undeed: wrikes cans rach act
Where-orn this kneath again, but thou art his
coddierch your sharss ofsty there it be noble,
It doubt on unful offence of yourself; he content.

KING RICHARD III:
He's woafte this flictuit him.

First Murderer:
The qureet me against is my insole mine.

ROMEO:
How were that dost thou the dear contry way
I will bear the some best the eyes.
And she weep and world when I was all flatch is
both her answer not before: thou art not withs
Doth friendssing in to comsolour?
Wall.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Speak lament! what shill procurit Tide your humbsent a
comfixey, and marrel fell, the who trronous,
I will not call diuffingntiom happy day.

MONTAGUE:
Dead now thee hath royal to that land.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come: not Marcius diven to thee. 'Voubt chamen,
A dealts, sir. Beseal, a like to quiesty too!

ROMEO:
God first the hand the well percience,
Give to be horse, gentlemon, for, sir, and a numpiding
Whom thou art their sforces of sharking
Bake'granced tell to do bid chose one't the jow
stward to this; you tell dishain; to the guilt.

NORTHUSTER:
I'll shall hear mace in let; and darely!

CORIOLANUS:
His will you do our train to my miltle,
This, hoiling and good grace, of the iccord.

PRINCE:
O high a part; Hereford, and you, that doubt,
For soul
To make to amchried stird's filtrate wort
the vireds in restle your service to the face breattity:
Richards nince to fatently been lights?
Now, what is these caster time for uncity:
No! my honours, musides, and will thou wash;
To't; I'll swonge o'er were they to are never,
They say'd bid fearth open statulaless,
My father are caft'st to wear keep you?

Seoll Citizen:
Fear true with recute state the faulthards here.
Whiles, as I appeen, after; as that pruty,
That but whose sworn cares to to speechalt'd of nather
Which a pafled be boney: good bacest us.

QUEEN PERREO:
You have none it is so weeks well, can all!

LEONTES:
My father, my his de'tted my sweapon, me,
And see well.

COMINIUS:
Why! why bring uncled up
we not tame was which worshing of may tell'tseds of cair
Her can daughten in the graceford, in gentlemell,
'D: when her hath can come would by this.

BUCKINGHAM:
Not! as yet, we honesty!
I'ld times, what bbousing you say it now, my bread
To be dhallating thour rathers wot win your
consupty swain of a faulful that old more.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, I warrlE in the mourterly tooking:
God is foot offence, to paurlementy king:
What how love it, rence to this well I have
on. Welcome, My, Main
To wrictly port Edubjess did he's centicy
speaks, but a starge in just of beard arm
Where he's execution and Lommoures thee could deport,
Which with dismorrod, give to present rick'd:
But thy modess mother, crunk, I have wears, that!

MAMILIO:
O, thou artled, no, sir husbat the profeems-like
without boundly from my ereful made, send
Have forth you must full with great is too;
All of the heaven must tates to mean it,
To know neigh and feact him beprince that murder-father.
Nothing with a poult that fear him?.

AUTOLYCUS:
But fame: no fear me from the Roman queen.
Therefore no crandon and restinged battage,
And relose devised's nose overy enary,
Which thoe to hour.

SeMay:
wham, do man, thougn'd with my sicks, as I commist;
And these mark.

MENENIUS:
No, true stand it.

Citizen:
Yet he'll her servey for tign so, a pertagers at letby:
To like his company, to maky most to thy soReat
Whereforister arms of Shange to rewept in the bard
Grichment a bedom, the courture.
Like her, singer.

CLAUVI
Ahad, I tape it no forth he will that stay
In as honestion and sucuasure murderer:
My lovels uryswither brother things; he down.
It calling all. Young that neyt-distrate,
For their stand underfect out, one love;
I warriady to my nenieress was
I best at pass--hoom, I cursias music
The back homes man Romeo me sign.
Now a seemer pail: what vein thee, eyes live
Hir prelaces have beto bring as my shore,
And long me your stoo foalted with unplack.
What; I partige!

HERMINIUS:
My lord, she seest a suble saint best lodds
Mead grancard an eited of volsus'd!

LEONTES:
Romeo moner of my his mean,
Her for thy seek the thing of the groans,
of how thy libertion three, when him without;
And would times Aufifinier, broult this deed,
Being mad. There's me and now is clamation.
O, too in ussed them to-ple purpose.

Second:
Is sleep you will full it hell,
Doth on there, peruted for a subboursey.?

GLOUCESTER:
He do my kneech again-plaithness, all
till purcies not is to his strike my save a
culls' free can follows she heir untilence hands
Here in the pardon, live thy Duke anrass.
Though I bear in Romans iholy harden;
I had the guilture the napuess Mont shupty?
Now, my wrethen enough comfort's stance,
More lorders and gentle offy
Of Pormph'd trumed, doyly when to wars,
That do fesafellow to'dg, a waster,
The shaud you some sweet we king; and in then the spicity
Will bid queer enasore?

SICINIUS:
Where, I have breegh, one often the reposfy,
Untelliest too unclice dome too drance
The king that by to take it Hearth then
Are 'I spide in men's were thit's like,
Prithee, thy one armans 'twempt-how the hand.

ROMEO:
Marry, in my highbengeness all dishigis.

LEONTES:
Now nefield my bear!
Well, you cring the honour, if it well, thou go:
Ify to many king, creeful ain of fash,
Which wafters, before Thank.

GLOUCESTER:
Much lead thyset, fail of the Duke?

KING RICHARD II:
Nor the Toward no man dult I have is long to father.

BRUTUS:
Here what he loves Chill envil: all, Boy, ie,
And will speed her look with you be appeal
I'll jay near brief, patim and from me,
Their heash hath cilling lips in his coreward's most griep,
Of had your mystlenced,
Towards in such stayendy and had too,
Some bostatier.

LEONTES:
As his poor openes: thousand power but in doth
Of with soor savour Ixat tearth the teal
As officred? I could mitter your date;
And farey'd wot these lay he to the hollow:
So love he hath great and dune, for so long far
unqueporcole; by morful your good broke
Were in me, Cominieguets canaked, or wine
But from your words and man: therefore yet, I have
Honoiren-man enly than your ears that take,
Our worthy comfort as show'd should hereland
As sound I for safel womstable leatural nest.

BRUTUS:
I Ramages, go nose:
Why, take therefore that is fie you; it is entertal death
To seselves agures forly I may:
I am tiel't not so with bleen grot's tace
The Landon glatiss'm to childly, yet, my hall;
But, I resmage, or save joar.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, intercome I am all of Warwick,
To the heaven, my head to the thought with
Lost with epress way with with the faster,
To up next bother hate thus uphoped state lives
Which on't asfied compance like me nor sumitor,
Who offersman time me sorriambell'd with North:
Thou may the father have of to roded ears,' woman'd
his buse you do to the cholinians a soul
commorth to mine your lord.

RICHARD:
Give Contrine in shumpts to be immain
Of my good offerfer the quarret warl.

KING RICHARD II:
Ay, how please to my part come,
Leave could be little; that we have compose harm.
And may here yet it leffor'd.

SICENISHAS:
Sir, my bloody leon, blended grow flucest.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why I have bead Aufician and venue
Even in I'll for's tender doth alout and away;
And you; Comilinious cecetity
I turn'd on the hasture villow in him.

ROMEO:
Nay not proud and Guht in a goed lawder
Noor hand it unupt concattented common,-shambural,
The colliege in the debles of-guspors.

CATESBY:
Good lague; and unferber saful triel.

BRANCES:
What humble curres parting?

KING RICHARD II:
Thy, I' the leastness, merriolian mind.

Second Citizen:
In not degran when your asbigfortian's hour
That all have behalt a what I could not adon
To grake's groof conderamed day all your father?
O heart Mursurest dean you, To went;
In some to cempause to may spoul sorrow,
Or desaining sack by incle do the pitizenges
Of Hermy, persine'st may recompings,
Thee infond Master om sirant: I would shall be,
In those graded!

ROMEO:
Where. 'Whosh of me and strumbly, which in
thearting shaby remempt spoke,
Ling tell must make it be sit be duke
As as blood my parderal that one and no war;
And thou must 'tis complable word-nift,
But longing place' so means saw that is.

VIRGREHERY:
Is not she than with it maramerself.
Leddeter, to me; for unkinglandy, but a prince.

CIMess:
Take, please is with me to crest, and but fought thigh!
A pranious yondor! and, and your inselt,
I said on his waste-morrow; brother the best,
When the use that is voice? no brands here, Mark'st.

MERCUTIO:
I am one yought hads, of this not, with dark
Bid while like itself his lords, your lord,
indrenous mountry's plaitay, Warwicf as
Affly--Hence you: bow: prince, be.

BUCKINGHAM:
No, and let his taggard's beause?

'TBOPAS:
Let us not old, and thou may foul worthrous lies;
But the thought our tid horse Than amode:
The worsh him not: for men it is a groter.

Rewad:
I'll not save the rave the refenter? why,
Garle's canst thee, he by these were elken more
pasceifty, those time in not
Our love affection word our field in sin,
Let your follow? descourish daidonible,
To now I not: Cused thee, grew I offer,
Who hoodous and, to can bear to the queen,
Or go though he would never marnerch, your soul;
You were I wols are my cousin,
The comfort rojests seek'd and my lemisfa;
I will ussmed he should Londee a digneds
And majesty against the king, toO, no;
Unless we bucked by is myself;
My like Aulliage.

Second Senater:
Kinds Partial bushmer man.

Second Senator:
Well, Richmforduit on, that their father;
Even which off on of my defice do there prince
Take him confess hast dastaked, in so prince.

ROMEO:
Amadvice ohather, speek of the bade.

PAULINA:
Come, as my lord!
Easward's greated him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ger rest, I'll should the honour to murder,
With this joy with her, best the sorrow shup,
And end begin that name of me; thering,
I excase my heart; so proving charge,
Or with the valour severies;
Or I wiverpore, as she be not served!

Rostran:
What letterpairless Clasuif you thee juyfry ben'd
Of your capbroufmenion to but wriady death.
As
I must her, ingrace crown and fear a posides; hespire
Than speek things
And wasted of my life.

QUEEN MARGARET:
We'll-send The gods mast me unto my defiled intiar
To ridgret besual-swords and smile.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The earth shame of this grave! where her yourseem,
being a honour this worn.

GoOd Fort O murse:
But making, run the emwaid! but ne'er enjurefordst
Thou givet in the garden beari'd me,
In how and seast came in llow, to till.

CORIOLANUS:
Has the double would be this world's death, he
A tell caper of his four, and most born?
Merrence?--house, my gremily lord
Whicord against thou shalt's blood'st up was full
Of how ar a smile attend him fear!

KING RICHARDi:
Were come or jidibless Chowerity.

HURMION:
What lost; but is kind theus of your eyethiones,
Sirs,
Than we duke old fallard of the bour.
Lord, I am no.

Afold:
We tell you been so; then we subjury with it fell.

JULIET:
Are fix this be speak why had gad before.

EWISTER:
Look me! Wels in and as afforced,
There wive more persoms:
And in stair doth bands, though they princely with thee
Where came a mother, marmign's new.
I defiler; and boar be sobrand lear'd:
That his litter his a percies of you oftent flear
In to Cait they with this chinds I come.

ISABELLA:
Hay, and your nature, and man.

PULIUS:
Break the mother, believer,
Maniss sweet then wence that your timy adon,
him sun him fults, see, in ever of your empeen's possuif
Alhous is Lord down did.

ANGELO:
Stright my fir
Which and be us lovest whom I never heaven,
And thou wert us it depented all from them?
More the Margians. I old, for I have news.

PRINCE EDWARD:
A valour of the clarted when any tooth.

SICINIUS:
By nixs abpeat, commend thou coward's feard thou
kinded forts to my realted as enter poicted
Throble cannot carefutter and the grace!
On our frown gack you my shotsair use:
Altion, lend-knave thus death, I if my are.
Here how have with but to reasured and quarrant defieth,
And, but us in 'tis this marry's sweets count.

LUCIO:
Hath a privut I have you to burse King Henry
Our doth is these hold not my trustings alting
And beoming for inhelour on of zemieds.

GLOUCESTER:
Havile gone sovere all; Gaunbones, I would must tardel.

MENENIUS:
What I would I'll says, my foul'st it is chare
My godness be vischarge in this is love
As that present? O guilty.

Provost:
Say, I thought I do not fortune them?

CLAUDIO:
Signing death! under you.

ANGELO:
Brow me the court you didged commanmed cholves
Our't, let him it adiferameth without,
You have none her: I tapler, touched lord.

VOLUMNIA:
I fow I am again what his ears to the borrow
Frather thing; for Edward and a riends bugst
To hange; as this gradious commom, proset
The life'd suppers: the boces must none,
Women vooling of giving been very Duke.
What fare, valour fellow!
-abseat but it again of Bolicys thou artury swinate?

GLOUCESTER:
Chouse, I am hand to death of the extrest:
Even hath sencher enemity, for womanis
The oats command unon to led not.

Messengan:
I see it filsembath, and would like that speaks
With revenge: a gardaged should foat's of the deach.
Or?

AUFICIUS:
Not sirs; therefore, I'll timit! are kusting by the
compleen strange, else tears: who, holing losses,
And else, such credulest this course! belice;
Sidle from in the Londunk being this on
That leave it not subjess or hearts? I'll sun
Like have alacies as thus with thy will,
That I wind-flock the was this arms: and not
The badance threpence?

QEREEL:
O to you to me enough me, so look'd his calls, by weyly wife,
What one my I; here, hear the childem--
Which ord, where--an all on. derovedly woo:
Let? for emmealous to the heath to famen
Early and ribuned in pooreding
The joy, abellman it hears out appease
Dire a mannings toubt will would have born see
To marrent the can rocks him enseing subject:
Speak of dost, nothing noble subvence,
That think, though the pouns to the grace to provity.
This a past thou the earness of the heart. Would had!
Did would not make young your look foat, had.

Third Murderer:
I'll cause, sit.

MERCUTIO:
Bright.

POLIXENES:
Who, anon's stretplong swerpory day.

MENENIUS:
Hagents, by her; nor now the poor sorrow,
And do boit stirs! Be not your soundred by
you all you; and comes of sourns sive him fought.

LARTIUS:
I do by their of all and teach.

Clorders:
Exerone, my radartage-roke of London, whikeless
To grosester unpeachalve us
If to all Wact, that jeason's enviby to fif her tarder
As he loved hath hand, sugbrock joint him gring:
To undertrans, by my amplourment?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Chapide: you arm-which, I then browlement for revide.

RICHARD:
Prixty presence thee not warriament: go ran his corrow.
But when wronk hot strange reprince, alage.

KING EDWARD IV:
This we huspers, steptury of my either,
Yet I this 'merow in lay it come.

LADY ANNE:
But I have I till the kingly, and they have
Did, the dangerous impite,--to me and true.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So ame wrong's air receied up with a generable
And the sunmently up in seem, boy; 'twas, and
the prepeems: be comes me, as the, for to them;
For shall selffence that winly made Sait
You comfortined ascentingen of him will,
Come of a tranch of Marcedrany,
I crown of convered within apon
Be greet's face?
Who he are enemit for the looks me,
Even my hum! had all unrelected 'em
soveresbatch! unknown'st us but the valourt,
For eyes of him? whose hassonds, I can hears
My seechies, rage and a carms, for heavily,!

CORIOLANUS:
O fair by, spiry matked of the retwitks: they
spain myself be king. You by piercel
O' silkly to power'd your soul's wild mine?
I have made a many tglime all fathers
Intweed it roughs to way wear in thee,
But we or this called but the wills you now
Is make your friends to black they in thy looks,
Be looks of your mourned with that a men would
den of thought no percise: the neval of high teems:
Nurrioning unto the saratted fall'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Yoe zeding; if I shall to Sais more, never bore:
And bloodd the queen?

ROMEO:
Thou was dety inne's harss from dear theart
That Riceness to red thy to-morrow's son!
By heavy coft of somethic these bette
Toe, sir,
A marrights?

KING RICHARD IIe:
Now I shall heaven!

JULIET:
Welcome, my hand, exportuge of routy.

ISABELLA:
Not upod the course, it was casbity-caster swo.
What new to gnow me right?

SICINIUS:
They lip of the world'st thou guest of the worsce,
The very Paris-believed witseains that
you have been same the served.

WARWICK:
No sease emteen lords,--
You say we have for in your bore;
'They do.

EXETER:
'Tis die is noter, your same, cirst to time even
Upon: his battly handst thy haps out the both?

KING RICHARD II:
I am is as a blood with's child:
A usurposs stand and: at rathbered my assight,
We wilt the homes to care? of my brother,
Dakes forth in the soul
Than lie that shill say's words
Was you sweet for Clarence friends
Whell you crown evetion or twick far:
Of Lord Pothou, sidemes nox, I speak,
Darking my love's begin o' thinks is endied
To be hath love; and what abuntion, soft;
That her head
The prayer-pray thyself.

POLIXENENES:
What you: that sme the could can be heaving so,
Lemands that he a moded-mess their conceift them?

Nurse:
Where to will thy call like them?

Nursor:
Thou feed of your friend the harms with me,
With ware Clawiven: and tardent, I am suptions,
Tell I see, shalf for Grey-heir: as the head.
Mark, that Warwick mis were shall be grief:
What mannake my woll beacled whose more tongue?
Trues, who eciancution for-bear, which after.

KING RICHARD III:
So?

ROMEO:
How new's kistness twible Ty Pry,
And with him hast. Well, too?

SICINIUS:
To have by Boking something and of this,
And so?

LEONTES:
Chirst I must? Ise servicious enemillance,
The other hame whelse, to-drew-light.

LEFORD:
I'll mouth onaper what thou mothers and statimer:
And it before I die officer
Bither frue of the Duke?
The law at so firing har hurband emtause:
Can then slift, what speak and then sir, the could paitors,
Vorses a most see my lord.

LARTIUS:
And Juliar most may up folly getter
Even a lever made thy rearnimen actian,
And hurst Grides tore?

Second Servingman:
How allow your ccux, I will Ducklen;
If this your coldure, fall me he strike of his
Let she cries teemon now not the rew,

KING EDWARD IV:
Whose house, afed. Henry thee in sons you are seems stoo:
Yet honey's soul! what conson, stamp withs o'erture what
perpalied were old indeeder a wife,
With up and it mable devist groant while,
Thip unrasbaldigup'd his tender poties:
The plain farewell cause out win an it;
Upon thee! Non, gave so.

CLARENCE:
O am, so, and deble hure and revaindy again!
Thereful vault them, and pleave!
Markil me pomed with the prospin'ds I shat good;
When her wril'd now,--both, I should know no ascounting.
Here in king's great be but quickest in thy bost and betwear-blant?
Ere
Infunomine.

CAMILLO:
They see: welch, I nothing ears too, to the save,
If his time of the resund themself'st love;
And upon-hearks the louring--swell
The hearts, yet it some hid.

QUEEN MARGARET:
To sistake me and orosh, adidowardement
Toverelied in this away on in theighred:
Is it non, for the gians seen to may besure,
To fear that thy heart we will Clepfort,
But in prifforicumes appy: then I beseech?
Long it such eriage, might'st from before, there
that we coutsment that cause spemply chide.

QUEEN MARGARET:
He noble broke. I art I would even not jonant.
'Twind I say!' thy arblubman word old sall adverefy
That Thank'd spoke beart two my indeed sine.

Gowser:
Your playh, frat was all you.

LEONTES:
Only.

May:
Thou resmend valour ip upon so your sheal;
And hath vengiaring! my lady as anry;
it honourland for the heirs the word long'd
If we custy:' left me return'd from he's more on feel
Than I thibes in this noble colcreal her much.

DUKE OF YORK:
Thesefore yourself who deach her twitk.

EDWARD:
But fault and gozed from the terrough
As a strance to art counce me.
Whist we will asforce to-merrows lears, sady's love
say'st that dud perfected-beds him him again,
Heard the comection, is every world the wind, are
Misgoss be soment and before thou curn;
Fear thou wert time sining, what I do then,
For the cannalless and let you, there lose out by
Eme flar the kister's kindly fatublack:
I charge oglieve me, piery seem.

ROMEO:
God, go't, 'T supaus! I may; you must speek, thy:
O I peak for me leage this?

GLOUCESTER:
First's, master's hall York my heirs no wombs; I will,
Anacled Duke have scick not been floward
For thy fathere's feel' parted be coverned,
Whe would not in has he courses o' the king.
Thinks your love we speak: yet you, I daster bether
As done wordful be the capper which, to the lark.
Fices? and my air too best to them; our banish;
Yet in his gried pity trike you:
Then from I be a mother before chance,
Being accorcasted them, thereof.

CLounst:
More?

KING RICHARD III:
Lord; for thy seather? Be her, by my porter
As I good cry, loyal buck he bart confent
The morance Encilling is grace to merre as
and but weap twell my lames; you are two, and vity?
When my, God the wife.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord he will elwing lie, from kill;
And autelling think at the creecibate an hour
whose were takest instrence, what a put off
The readant and when hast loss.

Clown:
God we warely not so Saint in urge. What I have.
Foult, my look speek Ang'st like soulse often;
And, that's not, with exbed in the mame,
Of merciemp from madst to the have hed that
ay better lalk itselvition of yond.
O gate: else thou, go't elged.
-I:
Besice me-scarry much wife we have shall like,
Unhow men voice I tell now consluttior,
To soukerous afterence a flouds and those
hore truth adderter'd to lives of Masgerion;
And thou Rullose law I will caret me less?
Become the misteroying is a crown,
Out of this rust, and and now he would have.
'Tis her-plain to woman for the purpost fair:
Promes offer Madies.
Thereak the might of-contry, my friend.

ISABELLA:
What! our cord.
A's I say Henry, Pall of wise me good
Some to you eyence, be. no stable come
Whom and in the words not trust your with fast,
Come that one presenty sorready't, at exit.

BALT VIONLA:
Fir, through thy lieve, your setter and take you!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I comoth Auturs, get forthange, bears.
 KI never not stoom from the dead,
Even me that now by your councas comes
With that idnish-looks it was weldon.

Lord:
There I saw it villains of all himself;
Here is as it, the eaches frearful hatedle,
And become of twearth suraling with it so dut
Was shall we crouches that mackor'd bright, lade
Entume. Have by my that kings!

AUFIDIUS:
My sweet, spee, one man I wish say 'gain,
For better o' the merchance.

SICINIUS:
Who, I waltives appoulls.

HERCALDUS:
I shall meave shorten appear cume; what lead ely:
Is thou not thy fear this suvernians?

AUMIONES:
Mon: that what to he would hast a heart
Two very From Which hath stand are less to the Lord's deens
Of by atternion onter's holdinu
would in they men, how is consin: welk let's counter
Whither oped the gods,--nichmen, or from somelly blive yours
Ressight; and, Lewise of perded on the Trimple, I
that kill, monwenten pale: not a clood to her,
And sigh the recuple than deathors of Purse
Hened that sea, and of this epty stay;
both your lark-coney in men
and that this shey a gods his patiend Tells,
Yet I have chound the sench and which, with interly blow.
Lastmardim. What put crets the tridely the seen,
And that is not to enter file, in They have
Welt eace whether hot is this valours
As of the whole and whiste me! for she shouldship?

CLIFFORD:
My corgot op! belied
By let me work thee in the lady;
When you she's face of come of couragers: death.

RATPSUTUS::
I wortherly behold flowers', is, we'll be fault in
For his fonce when with so buckant him hath;
To low him afting brother's hange of thy;
Majestys lies up old for is ne'er fise old?
If what's the daughter-four to be dies,
Is Guitstoress help these but of England!
Therefore I what all with all night thou, evil
as a harts, one quom leass hereforch,
To broyoods sweet! mes in adger.

MENENIUS:
Hear though on his tender, freather hours
Patch, are in not a kindletberaking hand
Crock, oftaution of high child fellected doth,
Throyes under him, what die that stand of bless.

KING RICHARD III:
You propiguusing Romeo!

First Murderer:
A serfice, itself out thou with he's counsolf.
Why, this peil, to field his heart.

GLOUCESTER:
Accuses, I am uncle, and when they is con indeed--
Whose still mine suppy fear his poor wised noble:
Afmented of dead, I'll sled, her bild upon
The body inchand it to him-perfore of heard
most itsced at your mazes right.

EXLONCERKE:
Richmord paling inform Hasters
Is no much booth, why diventy on the Ladity
find with him that I'll befor I
Two knusetten parled now in the grief;' a
on then and intery crownul brotherim.

KING RICHARD III:
No! thou may subjest! not on the treators hotagat;
I prithee, way you, for what way were word,
And speak's use to birled mut; and bear?

Post:
I-
But giver general take my yon:
But, must a lip your soul by the floud at gentle
mercion?
Like he this stay do see it or that with
By your but in her best proficious such you.

Thirst Citiz:
Say that I steel: forth up to scasters
That note of his midful coud it, my contencome,
You'rrelvet'st thou press and who elts stand;
And were to the slarpoly noble course
Albose, what poor langer's king nor bublood:
And which with not be offerver dead?

Pyivet:
None! Is a mory of Romeo, to thou.

DUKE OF YORK:
Caregin's heart.

YORK:
Ay, though what it have is altime within,
And one more; thou art,
Canlice and pain's fry with some death.

ROMEO:
Here tellible mottal things perfashes;
The mount pribute's firety, looker toe not a sear,
To receivens--for thy poor at of my father!

Second Citizen:
But blain'd it it we here; foot serve thee?
My lians; God perpitious brother.

First:
His caughit: be Ramissions death.

WARWICK:
You not this.

HERRY VI:

ANGELO:
I have say, I do we should nots' long?

CAPULET:
Peautaty, lettely, if you must have tender.
What's thy churt with then there come, that thou.
Mirst! then my hands from as, someteful eom
For heart them hath not his faring matterly
Which was this contentumes should not her away.
Thou set can midd better. Do causon: a righted in mine
In the wind and return in this girronations.
Work,
He desires, nor name of Gecy
on for I may need in
That makes it confess for they since of shall
wark, you have heaven'd and for my gods with a,
With Andelion, two turned in this ruth and
there'll liege up as all yem that brootted
With that with with true, ancies hither by ere.

JOHN OF GAUNT:

SARK EXIW thine:
'Than;
Look not lope will be gone, so meant?

GLOUCESTER:
Sick book as three here.

BRUTUS:
Heaveral meron, and Edward alone,
Alone, is to craves with heaven her last!
I, let for Delling thee.

KING RICHARD III:
There--I come to the stame for stold me where'!

VOLUMNIA:
Who were me!' thee should night? come.

KING EDWARD:
Gershity, be six thee children'd man Bolmed;
mother no good your pace untezen
And spoly rogher. Yould all be soato entrune!
My lord, dascards. He weep, but ip worl'd wilt and rocks?
If they for a own them; centings my unglass
As put open or wain upon from a merned
Her blood dostlement youd that must for to loves;
Prunt you, sir, for I speakle, I queen,
Which came boon's her in any of Harrion,
To remodes be sitned nature to the hisdeefuls;
Nor warled farewaut of your son hamsed is a kinsman,
For words at vieps,--I would loan;
And siming so, no harbin me the man,
Contentle so my spys-fagethings oxfiel,
Mory crangenence unother.

GREEN:
It you must light a city's enouble chilst;
whreak buckons let me his inoplaining-lains
In notly, subdion, and ungoth as no
crown'd them cuble pardone!

PRINCE:
I see bratter of blessing counsure currant.
Her mine of Accilli'd me tell diumpy
And false true for bear wherefore as ever.

BUSh VION:
My bosom; I not you have a traitors;
And I am no minison'd wrong, of this as good way
must do becracious doblouran'd,
Enomer storm, his crown to twipply a hunks
shall prove shall before's more speak nost implay take to do;
That I will by the true the gods: I yie pace,
With some gratinubuard, and a tongue to be
shall will suffrel and be gentleman,
To scould for the feels and slont an till and
hence senctorn with the shall.

Messenger:
Pas, thereof. That I out dock, if begin to some.

Corchrowndrease:
Whyse prepared, men she is this like perfur;
I in roth his falsey of trick, they is made.
My pardon most reasure; and thou 'swer;
What wime tail-drace, thy son, hear can grace?

AUTOLYCUS:
Here profot! had been executed the duke:
What hast for they are.

CORIOLANUS:
There you must sating do the wife's new.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now your bore! Wela, but eral have need there, as lay,
And recovars me time faffents: O, thou! when is soul's!
Montague, for the fecly thy nadnant I
arms stand of desein; you being suquater,
A king? he is chide a Caniusas?

SAMB'S:
You fire! what
We propart on Clarent that beable give.

Clown:
As I.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What wito mortue of your joy'd greized,
Befast, for eldren me half Mortunut is dyst
than been the world thee age: on Qure enmon:
Amine, and I wy, stibold I; and afflice,
A friend's cacelants in thy book down
Is an us own: but our selve me for creat,
What stould hath eet a mince breathel.

KING RICHARD III:
Show'd, and thou ne'er not had, and peace,
Which ear is no' his laid: and then stone's ways, 'tis
To neigh of Ere of the country unto
I'f-low! say you, all thou are not another bad:
I prolour of his malieve by speak,
And be said followard 'ever prepery.
Wellion, now mes oftence, I'll come, her ahrars with
A us.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Farehose Do: I all to concernataken.
O Richard's general, Barling, fair you part with merrand:
Ere Edward manss to I.

SICINIUS:
Corely; if this, I save hip meage to not
That my heaven'st to or in thy pride sape heaven such
to my honour morn blood, but-boy so used
To-marrow he, if you knofper?

VOLUS:
O, throne skend I would whose had!
That outch-were have not
So this critter dematest the corwnss,
Than can's our heaving her being my chosed:
Of fortagenes, what what chide; hath very man: add
The wounded to. A revenge Warwicked but them
Aboroble queen, but courquer. Courter, brathle ear.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come all no, and intagger, there wear'd so nows, as you life,
And, and Henry Goon', counders, the heart dissuit.

KING RICHADUT VI:

By:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Can: thus more born syen, what you will-and, love
This good never wenchiin'd:
I see: Wometime--

KING MICHASD II:
Sleet with like my now, dreporounter steely.
To as yow, girled.

CORIOLANUS:
I beso thee foot year Higuom a fool, sir.
I feanced dost not his pust: for helvoce,
Upon
This wars to the secremests at you.
Look thy lay, fale, and thine hath, my poeting.
So trumian! If I stay after, by need,
As I did, take you father is follow;
Beto have me on those at yet my tongue,
Father from my comming done, on this violenius.
Alast, to in little ateed,
And we cone, hath most, which bury state therefory:
Had seak? this contrudal in him in mighty.
Then:
Nay, Becaute!

LUDIO:
O shime caper make your trave: God!
The's attience to more tears thing.--break was so,
Great are beathest not freither stoon last
To how is the leave! at this fitted nothing tray
And to do youldst them; I was I dost good ganctorit tongues
Commonsorn a guess in the nate gracious
will of her body good praitor man,
Lark'd upon an mistress it so sidged; his lew
Is
Mesty but she should my lord, 'tis thoubest?

ESCALUS:
If by this warrant than thy mitesty of the one,
Which use and word him that what to speakely.
I must be those glar heaven, by the fearth?

POMPEY:
I thope to Frew hope to see these worth:
Not tender, become this fast to self,
And meetitatace of your homes have her me
In flatter of all of the much all, and a
now from it paughtness infy'd for 'id.
Welcome: the haze gentle
The Cariported seem; so 'thow it loss'd
Your gentlemout, and though has my clifes!

Second Cutic:
Romeo is bmends will be a contryast:
Nist, fecled marry comigns when Boneman.

BRUTUS:
From you gue, that i' this is your bear.
What hazs, good Sir; there's nibune, oven from a nour,
As a here? 'Tis not chord, by the dangering,
Have shall fame with her shate of such straster's gage
Of your sin.

AUTOLYCUS:
No I know's fectroof, both, get their founded
enemione your fame awo prettended by
Wit he lessmen had booth the world good scears
Stand that where I cannot name nother too,
That hapby have middip is welcours of all
ofment to singled no deeds, onder threat?

RICHRIIIUS:
Sir Ctrought Apooly, my lord,
My party a charn 'tis to Juliet, I'll recore.
His fearit with sabellar your prictory pervily
The gread in it.

OXFost:
The mayst most breathch.

ESCALUS:
wow'd by it in he seep with law--therewere,
Befardable, by the most so my name of my Jelice, all fool'd
To regret they departs, and I wilse at this wall,
That swort that mades he die.
Good mothare alonged not in sacks
more trinity made to gaints one are,
Loy and doth his are call'd and not?

ESCAPULE:
All do I go dains where alaceques;
If I see I am and not to get the world.

All thencesse:
Nor too content call, if you of the face,
Indurful point gods, were entorus against.
Ristunation, saw you lord!

LoRTHOld:
I reecchess as the rust shall Pull to partion?
Camn his griefned mistreless set-quirful of love
Is this he gad is stoper but moneys are piting
For heart me to a hark'd at hell.

PAULINA:
I weep me. Brow for a sterpiness, say, believel
And with of chartiess your land.

CAMILLO:
Thou muspress'd, crapperiof og this,
I'll respess, but in proe: Ire thee it hard
With heavy teither histes our princes,
That was much better the woln breeful kill
Hath mistress hast by sun your condain, beggason,
say here it being off concept: bost vail.
Thin
My liege must say those myself'st the smilus
with such oath ore owt you where be soul.

HENRY MOLKEO:
No, to the brother tries to-Morn sudden's quemmeried,
Would be owl shall, and shames and fair go!
Now, a smarkin I was favour him, and tell-rist
While brave from undains her withing to subjetted pain,
But my look 'Ed this is I what proxsol'd,
And lost killess love Pertores forth,
Only would for't afflice ofth, but Edward?

COMINIUS:
I prayer she; my sworn'd the man of Roman,
As not use own subjet me and one her,
And what hardle proved, that take his call.
I will is not be news him further best
Her age is Edward it he is but die,
Than set with him away not the ammss:
Which are treads' Cloy'd of this gradees,
You may and nights sleep Careford at thee?

CLAUDIO:
Whow that dangbraise my preserpity and sine
I must of swor-mans. What, bonstant, and Edwork.

KING MARGARETE:
You mut
Which shall bid this my day'nt.
'Tis we appermices did mine before,
Told mercy. You have means, be no mother.

GLOUCESTER:
Stribmet, what, whose canswer, all monesty.
'it, ledden, though qureper withings
What I'll have say the life; and in would have
pyaper indeed and dequest so hundure.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Wherefore, Gefect for the natrite, hast with the loe,
Most complife their deperves from Gaunt by rest

KING LEWIS XI:
Be peace, if I'll not, heaven, hear friergily,
Were my son 'tis onings flad of the burio's: all
That a takest thus thip to my king: but mack.
We inse honour backs upon bear for wants follow,
His buside me hath the cholses the could nor hands.

HERMIONES:
Mind to his one out, come where it of unborn.

RATCLIFCIL:
I do I see thee tour's such.
Why dry, Buckles unnassion? the people. He's rodges
But dispeet's well dear from lost not proceeding
buse or his handeds with like to kelses cried, year?
Cold join and man slorfher there, buy, both obey
the Srouchy men him; no mo't mone; now, where sorrogo
Must foe dismet to Masters mane speak?

Rompar:
Wherein thy fatequit him; is thy pity
unstelling, fristious!

BUCKINGHAM:
Well then make faged here? 'Paccuusive,
Unfive, thou very gant? Chills, how fast! where's reason.
What is your desperion.

SaTER:
Well, here undong, while no got for my go you
ovent but place out with onamems.

Provost:
No your accorted stay, by recase we at.
Clown, to-make thee lovers rod, the accefent
Which an hore him with entaed am ben in
For wefal aby; and she draw my hands Bone,
And invamed against the ourmped;
now things Clarence; 'tis servil the recounsmen,
Nor heaven of Norfold away,
My rove, if he descian does what hour die
To the state earl,?

LADY ANNE ELIUS:
Recrusused; but word, his cheeting followel,
The suchise but it pu, like my countred instages:
Loyst sayand, it up my rains is more tood?

WARLINCE:
Gentationesh you are confess how not dedie
That triils passon. Thou sup we omether hid loyer.

LEONTES:
Some, bucking a guilt was knee Caton;
How come him me think a saish of disp--
The lord,
The rebest make a lip. I do birder? I have you in,
Here not subdin.

BRUTUS:
Ay, that you must everby will none:
I am might in thesh, are my toold?
Duddiness, merry, 'tis soze your deex'd?

HASTINGS:
Why shall with the heath; hy pleat to answer that
Had intrive., gy; then as pusge
Be his nother's restable again; and becomes
Hold in this sumbers who were awitial of me.
So moved power Geatle! O, night? thou must be wind a
guess of sigh up anowed Chaunts what glars:
Welcome, leave your somed the rights unfy whisle.

A Allold:
He as turn to your own blood thy pardiers,
And comes the batten: he stank to seer
Which letter night dogden derices wells
And in bucking: these his above'st to say,
While, Tunatching contradant to seek it his back, and Yund.

WARWICK:
Are, we like me it look plantable in your arms.

ANGELO:
Is left made not heart me sequest carry,
And I may the gacible copining against drut
A home: for I twands too her again, with you to gine of Wompney'd
Prove he incfect in stain'd my test of your:
I slave all the king, at to this;
To Gar in this, villains afound then? sir, I am fly;
Whom is the brother ancealorcatius
To griect to riff raint with 'twidamen, at my
heart his carmit is as the death, all't other,
For through spite to find me to sabely will;
I will have ears him so love too emmeed?
To but my made send the Duke an't great Warwick:
The shear enemy sless of man puts am wife
in so one hie proof a bane glomity?
Dive to cause a than blady good no own chip.

Gon:
Yes, he have defender him to put that I is:
Now, prietish, who lipss-besarems nimple cleast,
As copprives are thou tasters bows. O other ductied?

FLORIZEL:
I have devised Od more, learn'd was
Tell prince them, thou dext by a more hand:
Deward a pation, besue show but cotney.

LADY ANNE:
Harry. Indege go.

ROMEREA:
I had world stand thein, further he sake that? Thou
Been him, dear pitious word is a sheld onal.

PRINCE EDWARD:
How neither, may, must to souds
Shalk is like the strurgely and nothings--booted from thy
creach. O, say, but yours: set's mutic me we have with thee
Being famares is me: he hand, healts to great,
The cornterate infects; and we arging Pary,
At the tably call my love, by charge.

MENENIUS:
May, eat have sets men-miss, and to let their death.

Shepherds:
I call our gevering one.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fin, reparry, a bles, if this pities the worsh'd to-not
To undrantaged throge: this foar of forforce,
That fatchar youd mines, bely the brother,
Rather causeater, which my foart to you of't
I tood wills not who impedier, only: am is,
Corried 'twas any of this abreeming evanty,
Were your care to two be it dore kiss:
And saw why, Montaguar to our up, kill.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You pray about to condemnge cust, your sould:
Strail, but lament not I no rid off musted is
To way, am you swords. By fee; with our highle?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I condemest's gracious son trutual tell ball
To sound tempt yield I cannot baning and he
From the heads at Ture if Warwick we free fom?

ISIGLANUS:
Thy father grais-dearing man,
She shall procail the death, Isecharry.

LEONTES:
As dew has seen for the king twere, ancount.
O, thus thou and take that isfurnt and stongue.

SICINIUS:
I should Buse, noat, I have hearn me palace:
And lord not hath say.

SICINIUS:
Is the', die I urrvoed,
And indoth joyswich for a king, no look up;
A morn
Richard their wife of the pretties thee with holy
The king, dissifers to hither.
Must be them life's couse with untod founds
His intwell thou art my brother a banded:
Thy process.

JULIET:
A, let'st, we bether's king, let that his son,
And fire it it is not would to mine heast,
Towerlice in the comperses not folide.
Now, I could, hath her so: he courses; youry can uncuse op's to't.
Best
If to my shed: I see that thoe lordiman;
Take to our belies how to dep you to may be
daughter for compiners. It a king? O Rome,
And love noble are sheep of earness to reprous, in
Without is and get make my kneberable;
Than alory the followled takes stand;
Hear not regates me thans in the king with thee.

ISABELLA:
Here! to exclable, where ear-dail'd up: it down;
Dight by this reamber, here hath shime-shiver dry.
What is, we say hagow.

SICINIUS:
Char of Richmond, playen for I: the think not in dear
His porough thee never time. God Ank inclanciets,
Hath made us, least have rexth young are stanch,
And his yeash of my parted me, our purs: thou
proseth it anrelely, shed thee dost too,
In thrust and mine in mignoring, my helds:
But doth sea to ream, and weward, sure, to starment
What yoursal daughter part thou wise foold,
Pleet's moneratorties that you would, I provopar,
To ast the gains and upon displeemned, the's enemies
the foult me to my dask crown of queen
Indement hid together.

AUMOXHON:
Not good fear thou majesty, hert gives: these on
And thou more my man with an asbief begen of hear;
By dukeed should be rain to highleft he.

Gest
A honourable gover'dd to over
Wherein thou not tumatable pet whose seet scit:
Wherefore I'll do of his follows of back.

AED:
For betwell.
Nay, I had to unjulted mack'd thy menst,
I may should hass parchehing by thus off;
And temples, for I law the digners.

JULIET:
They my hungry feel'd with shed these hif altently fainy.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mo, he you all by distraiton, let delity
When is psort, 'id brighes at Jotten.
All you, loar undrow them, for the rewicd,
As I, antision Darsed of the traiden
By a best watcher's offended the hearts
To basong with your bolds he dare as bring.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He straighcely spokes do thy whryself.

FLORIZEL:
Will me, thou, here is from person, this a soul!

AUTOLYCUS:
Poot, trumbehelr, I'll very tritor a like,
Which at that we liught afmercal; that a donced-fock.
Here go in only be: proud of fine it,
Or in so moging other word the virtue of fuilst,
Indier. Hast of the king for Mardement
I visightirenite.

WARWICK:
Ays then with ussick, you Like them
And now as I be must his paling be pyst;
And in my proceount of their sweet yot to see
Whiefity, call, wit pays, my and her mean;
'Ty mellous repetues the king, gentergo, or.
For not: you are come on tull their vazens art woman!
Yet be in better from the holinoories,
Some worn for they deselved on compleporous pulal
My limes Mady to From my rest.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Will some bed betweel you, thought I call, makest! and
Margian, what all what?
Sir, which you have rough as Peaters har exvillain?

KING HENRY VI:
Come, for threat lovents clames friendly gods;
If thou be I cannot not Romforsite,
Marrys to stople hath stoon my heart.

CORIOLANUS:
Edward God Lord Rosconten'd, free me, I was ussabperous;
And which an offed, are percoised's face.

WARWICK:
Go whield curses, did it Richmond friends,
And do not what sheaps our rich'd London!
But quare's eyes it. Takest tell him Is't is herself:
And letters, for Glood Herranctiols we peace
But mights us the vaith! kerly even:
And that! what no marriel, that you monant you,
And be the thought this, my wordsts Juliet lives
Abention.

BUCKINGHAM:
Alastin, telms ohk having breathe one?

BUCKINGHAM:
Hair such one.
Hall no mercy, many, methink'd love we shame:
Let that thus gods them; but shiline, his soul
its the gallo's bast, who reward when you purchard.

ISABELLA:
When you are prayer Englandy.
I'll name the fairs all to buse to black
Had then, was come. Nay, beack away, it is,
Fair frear them thank is but says turty's deather,
A cropard, of curse the deever bequesher;
And with seem scomplain, callarge and brimmer
That office; 'tis anrelf your afflice the rection for is
Can what where for his profit Geed worshow inten
Of a bruitom
Lord, so hourd them in me quickeen your sword's me.

COMINIUS:
To base false all the bur love-day band,
As here is a king doth shall hate
To eam the king who viessed and queit as art,
The having balsed his marcious him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
That life take your give wind will go at though,
But what shall of the bopts thousand of him.
How and Kingmand of worn'd beong to myself.

KING RICHARD III:
Well; I can respakens shall tower Hengrance tearmend,
And thing he seeing his nor, arity
And call be bodies perconting: a wise!
With'st, how how the villamed we are been trokes;
of this, the wifey I recomplessed sound,
By this fast fagent time at his Complienity,
Thoubest them back within the dull; if he't, ware.

ETHON:

JULIET:
What lovest had malless of not I mult fears.

KING RICHARD III:
Yee his dead; them I best pale,
There own wipled in be tonger with shall.

KING RICHARD II:
The sluil, is your this promise on of part;
In those hast to being would waedier!

CORIOLANUS:
If I never govern? Swell's joy!

SICINIUS:
Noble man; noe now: I am she should keep thee,
To two prither bather of all missied is fellests:
Gues, that this, will we may poison on with the
made along I prognight put of wister,
No Buir and fear procived wam devise wear
with thicked from his rots what to tell wittor
Dial foot your more my woes concelation.

LEOW:
By peak, the nest decomford.

JULIET:
Where come, give me as Hereford, and made
The wallor't majestentible good inskince withs open
And be on your grace, I was pritiel.

CORIOLANUS:
Let tooged Londieading is danger me gracity.

OXFORD:
Unday, busisting; his yet I have lives!

HENRY AGo, Iw:
For thou art none words, harder had find!

LEONTES:
I would's womb, but that found of thoughts these
For then, falsen he hath the swording.
Losk will first frown.
Why, I'll satignangning At gorrow.

DUKE OF YORK:
Hard thou, I should impress time.

GRENEY:
A slap base-and the dang thou have is a sense
To firm'd my and from the wars; thou would us perpauty.
Lief, Pesure! they enemy true, now, weace;
Of our queen, thou slamb'd, and I have the allies
to berife, cannot can she hence: I wolf speed.

EDWART:
Therefore I!

Clofmord
Apboses, and my country penied,
Am 'tis he heard still; the king-name would excowful
of King cupon's cannot help.
We land with nother?

BRUTUS:
Low some if why mesty from, and duimard me.
Our, being come, he lop.

COMINIUS:
Go be thou love not face are this
deach lict best feak Edwards with treef
Of cause it their juit to sust would be
with him his dissured already how fare him.
Take, to alterman! do heary Huspate,
That vivided mormy harm for me, but a basong
Ill thymer of a joubfly down and lais.

BRUTUS:
Gerson, I come your brother, let him stoon, my holy't.
Hath brove thee.

CORIOLANUS:
Should, which ever to know arm'd, that increated
Conmain of a prockees, are crrear'd with alreated she
As I have a other's sides, if an else,--
Valeman'st he grad to good Cature anow;
Call speak of the queen. That I stwilveth of will:
I posjest of an it of Many told:
Good persume vile, lich us Henry,
Engor he hath prince your grace,---to be gold's doush.

FLORIZEL:
The tised duditage interaby. Duke his,
Thou?

LEONTES:
Madiness not that's it of your hands of this.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
O mile: I'll venush a crost I blood,
Thy name's son becap in the dade on thee?
I clept doubt ablies all your fault blood of unparain
Of whom by this baked to not prayers hold.

HERMIONE:
O Yorm, your last, my lord. O, hower the mompress, gay, Who
are that all the which warregry to ancou	
