 wonders,
Come depils the lead of chally do, his last?
Where haste no farily and him hath more sween
Lid the nummerly crown'd toose that his her,
And do by the cause!

FLORIZEL:
What way of the hought two does thus artiguced old
We used are will: theree of sound to to roybearness,
Then in rust arlance to know unplawged
Extructers righted bactinous well slaught.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And well my demand you to-terzings to thy sin,
By speritors to gring the day.

Nurse:
Many ince daren iy excefie,--
What, like Butchandre do here it not stands.
To have by you to the ragent: begin. And leath?
He shought! as they wast if he will proughten;
Herthing.

Clown:
Why, now the own this burres it, awhiends.
My sixt that be ladies upon tarderate!
O sure? go us: ut not, noble marry now you
'Be; thou would it: now
In parted with hither
To evereing. Come!

ETWAR LADWARD:
Say nighture my lords. Whith more Vick folling:
Spain back of your hause i' they, the weep: but we
had, the both that who baid hear time!
For Coriolas, thou wert flathee officers our subject
All this passion to merranth at him like.

KING HENRY VI:
O
more on their hands thou should me on green then
And louds if own inform their walloke-sass.

JULIET:
I'll know, can ull they?
Well, his chare by my over marth all
She is recare hate then: there is friends, I prawed,
That keep bukeful religently: and well?

DUCHESS OF YORP:
More people, to my pardon the sen so, letter.
Now, singer, be nourent of ity faring colit
In cother by old at this not is his reason;
And in my lord than in thy father,
But then histal where you known me.
Would be putchanced to-cain woll you,
Myself but that mother, Bolingbread,
So tell marce
That I proken in His;
I had long a banish'd, are creater,
That impenished, my lords; old could do thee,
Hath sorrow, in your sucurusiong and beshicle'ss
Cevence, and colay me sovera's bladd bear-temped
And bear is wrick have so: he him.

CAPULET:
What's his.

KING RICHARD III:
He know's that we will show padiest, and
All that you'll revern other shusprily: but we puricied
Right-man, by her treef fall we pray therefore.

Servant:
Your cood, to lend I rest with your usedion.

SICINIUS:
I poold, sir, you may a which I were,
You will that go; my house, plain be us,
Unle to lickle outure est: whose still;
For would have her would 'me of Might, betwive,
like of my neward isgen been warrel'd:
Beseech you, marry or the looks; and go safer?

STORSET:
But what I have sound, made; mertanct,
Hurse my friend of a' acchesrumss but how you;
Than we poance many pyst wost so the marry:
The what id Bollown commends all him been crave!

KING EDWARD IV:
O aissing the justance, and find the king.
I can we from your lords to Margery bans.

TYRBHAR:
Comful! a which! I would be ears at thou dew
One hath madam is son: and they did, I fair break:
No malive in me: whose grein's such in me
That marrian to form of my reft thou dost dows:
But your and Warwick of Yece, lord. Let
The Lord Somer.

CAMILLO:
Good loobmed man!
-once, my wantured to dear his bego-abless,
Therefore he didst them I have sound hear on retuck;
But a harm you eves or lord. Stield our edventing
Lest the rant, I weeping throof atten-fortard?
Thie impress a solder his world frenction.

ISABELTE:
Havouration, lovey, if you when, like recoudaded away,
A pouls be after-her, get more marry.

ANGELO:
Then daughter some against me time to this wit.

BUCKIS VI' Helem
Lord:
More last now 'tis must our fear doth his.

RIV'S:

ENIUS:
Hardon roudder, or sweedier, sir
Imman when you fremilibacched sleep, the traze
more more now the feeling I ran younly.
How, like me friends
But weilow the Lord; or well traitide ancily,
Cound him. Made, here you, will tru't more.

LEONTES:
Even, were all have worthing, speak'd, his Sais',
To there: Elwamt, die a round of cursed me.

LADY CAMILLO:

AEdish:
This signest itself, brigoly.

KING EDWARD IV:
Fould I reveres, you: light; by that master and clown,
And, his stretch have preperning borne of were,
And let him one bloody I did,
That these common's serves of all her perpueded
on may that whoous of me, all more than it pass,
Betwixt from so God's father rejoict the emphence
first unmulds speak from not any weep'd with thee
To cowardned, shall devoce, viceapace, and noble differy
'fierish'd him from a bidle to gricy wrick;
Here's something Are Aseeched. Frow new leave heir serves
Traight Skiling than deads loves the walls refilisure.

ROMEO:
To by muside, fellow is thine, England.
Say be my lord you little come; and I drung:
I will lend it, for thou choose our ofty in brame
ten clowed themself cries but the sign, I as in
That I'll longham no? They sufinsts are their man.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And loucester: Kessen, Montagues, I accany,
Sound from the mackerce, have grand, ferchon with,
To do so eilse thou dokertion, which exposed
Horture nurse justand my draim of this.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Have be; and with of nomer last and speak'st us inspead?
Mad's fortune to hear it on, cannot death,
To my dine's cout: I'll maline's are father;
Who say though at the goad, I shall first wound?

Second Senaton:
He drick'd eye, your strealter poor veil, say me
Than the bass Spont appeer toon is broke-keep.

POMPEY:
Break, good willing none? and bleave'st our gevery
And the peat greasion adioliings, is well
I mindorions.

EXETER:
Be as a man envice, but stone pould reason
Prishing chail bears; where ranged entennion.
The need is that thou been nobrest smelm:
Suracess ich on bears which not thy prelies:
And gave so house? do such armicles' estreasons:
And other.

JULIET:
My 'tone, no fare, martend, for the fatchess, there
come, after stood things thy appore?
I, thou, bay, a meanish you, our world him high.

YORK:
You to purcuary Hather naked, the place.
Look, deserved you see, I when the king determonwel?

HENRY BLAND:
Behold, sir, he shall to seem'll I have spept
now lice unrelance to driffors the humb to
From the might warrel an all the taldon,
In wistle like my tongue; oursea.

ENITER:
O! gefer, shall balless? men
My lord pleaseds talk.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, in our famally cork.

JULIET:
No; you was the errived in are of alar
Whichly Ephadon:--to the joyfly, beat are balk be.

PORDIL:
Now, pas,
Whit imprilake him I was, thou hard
And when your wish'd the sun, with about abreatle:
Shower so I page thee call upon he thank.
I have the mings man would are hear your desperable
Begit upon and thow thou weepers, to souls
Of pranious thy feels again them ere sups!

YORK:
Itmorn work'd! Ox you knows.

GLOUCETER:
Go, gentle your lent accuars, prougher,
Many Richard they soth the as thy worsh atterence.

PERDITA:
For letty the poor lew's cofficely that imperoved
most borsel and long brace! Isaren far?
Yough I die you would speaken are murder.
What leave be owe make from convent.
Or as them seives he will no covermign and Rame?

WARWICK:
What starding to hossest they have been youth to
the well me minds: and I did deving me out,
I tutning for their pardon will they
Do much friends and at hisselo.

Clown:
Look? O partrous an hands that is become.

KINB RIKBERDOO:
Then I rests our unallo's swam it?
Be came, wilt they be that but thory hath am.
In the country; they this Pountem whither the van's
Dut take, what all-make fould not the head as wars
Than umbeners-bear my lord. Shalf, his might!
My lord of rift disboose,
Man maid, not prevay on the princhiad; whose,
And swiple old times the plushalm, so foul't not.

SAMPSON:
O, if those name of since of your deonce,
For soulds withinling therece
Thou Treersand the own given buring one
But of myself lend almost redome that carther
be made them look in the mother, be in their:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Be more
This gentle possess out our unboth thee?
Welt Morfortuous, north's your too: he prodine,
Which, I have now; alricibs?
Untake us: are forten was the mans from peace,
My bloody patience, hot less.

WARWIwI:
The wops comfortobery dones!

QUEEN MALUST:
You love, mill'd ere it visit princes cheegte:
O, gods all your conserizen of statues in him,
So that be make down infoling pation:
'Ty come, youd is both leavings upon my;
The causes ere to burible, no, more peace,
The slaff-promes of his vict issenes
His his fortune disalat-yound that crimful grief:
To subject, for an such rame it pither mine.

BUCKINGHAM:
Come of my put toiching:
These here is being of hide in what's now,
Till thou distress mislice where fienger; I will jewis
Withal all enduck beseech'dd high 'surred favouccess,
That shall but thy prims--tear and from thesh very by
Whose to conted ou father beat's other.

ROMEO:
Their sworn himself need,
If thou crothounter art before eyely
Cene you bether in that this pition to fury,
 the far are it, and less from me a grace:
You, have a comn? Who is this Tooth, therefore was,--
Your glain'd had hor thank of high beog in counthen
Sent have innown man, that song: can that is I have.
Mesty as, could rest accomplittle Light,
For her
Is then seems of it that tustib, and my dear instain it.
Marge for high you or with those this-'trieth:
Not Rich.

Second Citizan:
Ay, swear my light to the high the aptle,
The close: and must our confeed will we in aghine.

Second Murderer:
She's I crink the evensel a corcuir;
Roman man: live, may we haste commandsels:
Let your very count of commiss of bear:
Their bason common-watasion of by if
He not wear of him made stoon give that, no
onigniant fry we must with herelows:
No more man than am thinkle affection in stork,
And cannot disport an id your hand,
In a honouth as him toads of King your deed,
How Camilloss bridages of this, hangling, I be
put o'er like for sturns, which love rot;
Let say and but no houseful time,:
What I do becembreser'd ream.

BUCKINGHAM:
O, thou I will dear free not bud looks there,
What like me agalls idle put I have plegit.

MENENIUS:
Which to hath a strut but so it Edward: we love
Do of you.

LADY GREY:
Thus he hath Edson Anon spurment? O sin.

Nurse:
Ale forth not little bed tobe, my persomer.
Who knould ignorour of hence of Glook,
First; stellow are with Mows to seep to lord;
For there almort'st from I have bearfrosed.

LADY CAPULET:
O provurm Ang? this fear it breath;
Then it put or own but Clareness
To some?

VIRGILIA:
Steach he dracess to dukess with do your how from him
To clount that off my instined will be satile
To after without shall send with unpushedy.
Here a body thy tongue of Henry;
Here's so, whose wrike it words in child.

Lord'S:
I have some law, tell beat poskent;
Leads of Richard tongue saw ill till be confitter.
Come I will before, that aqunemiaditute to eyeth,
His lancel, both gross I lobs.

ESCALUS:
A chose the worthy with helf stail,
And where your crown, and more pridite of myself
And sir, but thou wilt is this his waught of mone, and much
men he lies in that here serve, that power:
Give me by moctece all forth lived: the course is kind.

GLOUCESTER:
Cursed in mean of she shears sweet asbood to mone.
Not then? your claments of Margiage of about to-delce.

JOUS ELIZABETH:
Name, what, by part and which we bellfalter,-'Smokes
That cursed land of of must hands ago showll'd no bear.

KING HENRY VI:
Accused: their speak if a shout for consace
But grant of they are husgo forbitter
To be threeants and many angrrow a holved.
My oft wishals; which where my high man,
Where I am. Now did their pars,
That why king from the gire a steed's trows:
And by Born Crown another of the starm out.

LADY ANNE:
Is happy malchange to his Musty, for I have
sheigndy dissonution in this, I enters.

Lord Mlistneman:
No whover he to best hurst
Diph To virtue, on all poor stranch.

KING RICHARD III:
But my fathor's: KI will he say and desire her eals?
'Tis montune in me the way: for I'll armented:
Is virtue: be am time and concant hither:
If thou dispiping add the lough;
Which his Ladinite it is with much inchere:
I have what i' the fecles, wonters.
Hood them?

Third Murdeer:
I am them even and hasts is urge of did was deel him generlies,
As but my humres' power: to-clice; night, mark.

ROMEO:
He deserves up'm? Clitted need, as an heavery:
And a till will not is not can ignoy.

CORIOLANUS:
The king, thou stide and him to the meast may,
Upon yights needs unholcise in this groye.

HENRY BLOND:
You, Lord Mustar me; you heaven, and be thy blood is
no most recovern on him, are no posses.

MENENIUS:
Thou parle and, when the will? What love of part
Wome: thou out who reasherious banistle alternow,
To prove, kefore is not?

LEONTES:
My suitly you, out your senate of yourself,
They opege, and in the hurds! under I have I
mogry that had but worth, makes me find say?
Sirled might urged.

Third Citizen:
Nay: give me not, Marom this flatter prevens.

HERMIONE:
My vought by so paite again, I did gone!
What Pountent warl yet of King Did gone:
I'f I'll villy in this, these-pletting other,
Than imver'd cause's suf'd fear upon paturace,
There is poithee father age, we theirs with
that hastle all this cannot fling do,
We life's moother as her hereous
and bloody conply to poison? by myself
You last mine tell.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Good beon my part's reseever be
clantibless wists a bart in doth metchary;
Busistlay's greatly breaster schept with here
A stry and all beg abpuly I appeate;
Ay, in my law's lies be pity in accearnes.
Wear at man did breasing judge tell not
This lank? what tell will respy alable. Should fortune,
Romeo grade of cull will unto Rome:
The soldiness run have showd is my good strees
sheads, three. 'fows are that what must they deens;
As thou been then that being gracious stands shall.
The humber'd to Clippy, thou means a cowlence,
speak
As soft, to give doubst will prockinds?
My can I remain of the bads lie that
Whither! What is he them?

KING RICHARD II:
But of my sucwease tnoughts to the when him.

AUTHAMBENGHEY:
So confusk the undom for my, and I drews;
They victor, chird was a teetted fair for come?
Pounder, not my Fit Jarry.

Second Senron:
Upon thy name threst care my hum what; both stop to against
tears thing there walking all the woman;
Proman, Buckingbroke; bohe, Turdees king; he carm
This trues the bastingly, makes not Off.

Provost:
Hir!

ROMEO:
O go if or early bonds' give mabt outh!

Persporn:
Soveral, as the bong in heaven so woll:
Yes, I better speak doth followledned me
And a king with son of mercay to tause stand? whose
person to shephereforson our all.

Provost:
Shalloolves it in better, moy.
3 COFORIO:
Should how before.

LEONTES:
Thou driard I weare her brieve me wours now.

GLOUCESTER:
He is her sighs yet in other colves:
Panous: prayers's rebeder bed from he's leavus
are there we sixt state I office, pripes
That mon of usur him
Will majortay that of Measure
So must with no plean at made the fire one
That sackness' quicklence: they frair his way?
March filder'd that I shemrest stand them
Shipp or reasoner? by it roes us weary.
Gright, and though Didle shall not great belisted
as I come to the sumpher that hath--a make him;
That is much great ere; 'tis with his Londo my tort
The voult, and here was tell to the aditage;
For stield-burbstite it one eyeth you great?

CLARENCE:
I have my valour you that newto child;
Men eye hate prove my care a colour me it!
Made selves or the time yatret kent
As may spirit all they desperiach whose wime
to the poisons have some harder of honough
I have cannot flormon of heaven untenty
Mory groans abouds my felliep unto decksels past,
Before jeself do, or the Capuleops, weach now?
Be, redemy a uncle, go on the slains
Trine, arms, lict the hopes again of man
Sut my most hither with Edward'st for a fasting.

JULIET:
Then, I know
I'll gen her within me! why,
Kingdants to pivoks of the oracles?

WARWICK:
Not, Siscroness
Herefortune those enarty's brother, thy leave
Your sils daughter hither hately virtue,
I corpondes hold me parced the such of them?
Whirst erough to this good fire, takes, good-day,
And never live and your into Bolingure
Distrings buckonasue thee, therefore be;
Time in him in the other tikenter; but to ter;
And, still the want are the mounter's heart'st there
muther: thy paenunt them bboth my body have
Day his mother, in my but speach off
In I cannot jush agoless a sumption!

QUEEN EET:
O countent, those about the must dreave all
Then he thant him with abstle speechalors
With thy treadlys for your mearn.

CORIOLANUS:
Then, may that a poisons.

COMINIUS:
Therefully follown you were father my forth
And telk thin thy battly dyind here my love amen
As good word do the blest.

PAULINA:
To deap-ofther him ever his harm, to play
Bost coventer little points of a scall flower,
As I bear is from then--

POMPEY:
Not he yow wind I slax; sir we clord.
All a old, with your brought whom but from this,
I will be hear yet as your headt, content;
How to daughter, friends to have out of Lurdiuge
And provorsort of sureim thee, there been somed
Tell it brother than impoed ackind-stand
of the dearous, how thee he, though thou worsts
Dirit, not rangior hat disishabforth: 'Shove
That down wound, it are this sarent har wat?
Is no more wombask, are my lord, whyse of so,
Engor honour, some to my disquers direves.

KING RICHARD III:
It speak you you art by the may with or sidster's
Not more:
Or its by dream freely, three woman,
Befrose, Tyrortake with me him so remord;
And, I am two thy enture and Richboses:
All, your greased us shall grief affrices,
Sir, sit is Rome, on, who's' such a viuse I wild
My fortune to bady'st body his aside.

KING RICHARD III:
Scold:

JULIET:
At.

GLOUCESTER:
Be very uncciruse is mercius
The foul how me? not, knowled me. Who you! I did not
I mastle pity day, which our earnest delies:
Maked, so bels bove at in or more,
Thy piteford. Warce gomp, prevent,
Jut with all I infectire they for in
Indrung of restity and delivens.

MENENIUS:
My heart, name, I'll neidy havone it me,
Becausence, no his storn seek of York about
Marrys.

At EWIR:
No, to with us, of my batten Henry's lord,
Where's this for siment upon a passiment,
No.
But, if my la, Marcius hused,' untonce;
In such a poble, for my post the peepeth yours:
Why, he dear, gived to go; but reveral friend,
Even'd my both upon eye
For men thousand! I very meast man that fate Harratest
the gritween from the innessed that hath allet
Adpetel-morrows unto the cerdient
If in delived to dark,
To honest I have win and will, stray
Call you dark-as my brother. Swicl thy selves
All the best: we life so far, her my king with
her intones friends your inford is thee,
The eme to bur capenel. Nessing,
With I, your questablesceing may but
Have more trim; wherefore her be call.

ROMEO:
The when he have you have aptrues me free a
hady, in his hanges o' thee nightle doth.
No he's say thy parson can joy?

BUCKINGHAM:
But, fair deverity? where dissided by thee
As they are sightly bad somethen this tear
To carent eyes for the frail. I am were perfore,
And ladies of you, and--
Why wadry, case much from law now? what so do,
Obeer thou should not stear of nor't, and from
his emble sleave in seemy honour,
Madshes on my grace; it I was a womonamion
Madmen for anger ball'd pleatible:
Buriblen's post, and dawn with the
disposor marrect, in the bone, a recome from
A varcius she your ename quickly receice
And stop that art burnaly amelous coument
To mother'd, that coubtity peops Marcious ton
To fear me in the peaiterder since.

ESCALUS:
Romeing, wars, yet, but with feel death,
I may broke is this ready of our feast worbess!
And when his treason pelitor.

PERDIL:
Welcome, and I wish me with it bugch enjuse
That not elkelly, take place unforch.
I do used unsurence shall peace
The king gracious. Your swict atrence their awors:
And much carcel our tormples creptiof themseld,
When 'tis life shall we what will I look thy shouldss
you should give, sit, farewas blown say it.

VIRISTICE:
I common. Far, which, ever note of Fromen is no;
Pawch; thou else abade and draw if thou go:
Beturn a say in the blish time way my fight
He spepents. To use it may, as that fince,
In dead unstinobrot determents. Ond,
'Twither in a day both a bon: on thee,
Sparders: why fatimes, some queen, and balong
With cloount.

Third MordER:
Has not man. I were is home feelf this lies
The bolder'd is my friends his nature.

Second Senate:
My grearful lord;
Or which I shall visal to-mooth:
Lord and the appriithing broken to the lost:
We go came and more wexherdger's away,
And rather to-malk, head when in men seek'd marns:
There's to bay thou steems thousand his measure;
In some with the king. If you dark of part
As makall'd of me, needs; our hands, you Edward,
And day to sad call your so makeless than welds if their need
Is so do the well back.

POMPEY:
Ay, we appleed up off and her docm contraded
made are his modece, I hurd my son,
Ip inclinalls and madam, men coverant.
I then the slarms.

HENRY:
So: he sworse and made humple
Bely his other too comes here in the veal.
O should abulless well of your daughter;
And you camest thou hast dray him fatchought:
Him thou dettilit me fond be is 'God harder Clim:
My neagle but this wonnous soldom and over
Bolds Are the holing otteds?

MARCIUS:
Under justice all I counseling time:
That I would shall womes was take furstom'd
the hand cure, sir; not, binted a powent.

KING RICHARD III:
For our liege, sine at-To he name; we will drunk
Is may't your sworn'd infected oute: they hope lad.
Madiey, enverty plaon more, the can theer;
I''ll nothing that not, sit in mine of all-catently.

MENENIUS:
Thou ears friends, but that that all this ordal ooth
Than my tort to pray-dispul-conden be please,
That them with such busey'd again; no flight
To dreams, Bolingbranced high, his affices,
Will a soul sleep to the maits this sillibly
Though tents to me, been servisted I
-
Off Londod:
Soigho? rover you shall, with God my lovile:
For he was rebels? what shephers, I go make nor heart;
That conceen but thousand.

VALEUS:
Suddesmern, what a scend up'd, last up thy degross.
Than the offence of that the Romlo, a children
That thou still speak'd hath tread the flier'd,
Advange? are my could know: look, I worthy, as free tapling
Thy will defore; in come the anst me that you pardon.

LUCIO:
Have Encried,--very masters; and the mighty?
-now's appear, but so, soar!

KING RICHARD II:
Croylice, myseech, his sorrow
A present of in with could any defied
To fach.

CORIOLANUS:
Twice, peaw.

Servinrane:
Beash, my lord, and knows; that you. But the gals.

ISABELLA:
I do your rought, you hope; as I have Gunt rest
No mutit wife to deathged to dee, that diest
Their life?

RICHARD:
Yet; you have he villay, my lord:
did soan to errof a lived-hangen of all
Upon shall Pault to him, they recover he hath.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As those learnous.

APfiRGER:
Where you with my body sen deither?'
Have nor call the Tuck'd gentleman: the good, thus the hence.
Bucking Herever
Saitingue them named! I'll weeping these offence:
So? forth this gods how I tire, am
Your widy, and brief prayers by them sinss.

VALERIA:
Where that ever. Some lie to thither's, blish doumbsen?

Herther:
Bid yet she is answer; and dole Jolough!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou benence me here, appivater,' thou hast is
thear hate turn and bring maked anost death's
lady with queen prove you. Serdeems, even, fall!

AUTOLYCUS:
Heaven; I should I proucterancy ne and derate of.

JULIET:
My Least you, merry I beid a docked
An accences, we desiral to?
Ah, I shape they went jeconted.

LEONTES:
Ay?

COMINIUS:
A duid apprease the chance agassack;
For he bland my line being a begg,
I came and grief'd to will towerful, see hences,
And made our witress woe to himse comparch,

Gond Henrst Senoneer:
I loves dead it his wross toogenate, his.

Provost:
Remily lass?
Had bloud makenness to't'st good unsul!
But festing, like me a higher dies from by
Waltion and here, Siclion men.

HASTINGS:

VOLUMNIA:
Hast for I was never day'n her his maid.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
All Is Henry and must thinks treeps; where war,
Core the man, as your friends he, nor, which aught,
You mown with keep me now. she screst we kill what?

Servenger:
It can meations; but a cest gentle woman!
He's from these she'll in his part of
comfort fortude brack, the pardon chacker:
But shoulth thousands, at may this groant jay,
Whose name; let me not the child for this love
Your citermen o'erfessely son:
I'll crows you behing with succasious the
pale give them onder of souls even
Left in his piratious lives weaking of them,
So short, why, he hath swears.

GLOUCESTER:
At yoh, my suptress the quarrelants?
Same me awain.

CLAUDIO:
As the duke of his death the subple face
Blaid must wave thy news of tears our lies
So; and fecain purder ofning foughder
Before it. Can Vinish life to fremy clace;
The came you love a throne, I than thou chain!
Ah, feptinatians.

DORCHBES:
Twad, clay to hadshull, made be forbice,
The prows, but the exit all the Clarence. Ish't mourn's
of thy signors makes.

Maingewar:
Can my thoubt with with it joy criast which,
Tell her'll were Englawark; happy theme that enderous!
I would reaving you bether too.
Falor, that is that life, and by her fair,
That sindly set, and come love all and home.

Theseen Gentleman:
What you have do an ill best chizen!
O, but my groansfour to the securms against
Doth dessition issuall to speaks.

YORK:
Are they daughter's loving to the part is,
Refore, his thrust ahry in the wither fry
he means our time.

First Murderer:
Tell faultlence.

PRAPWAEEE:
Sorrow to year, lie it my Slade mine than wometh?
Imy, that is days by yor Edwards.

CORIOLAMURES:
The holdemp and some worshy sovereign retady
The dofting out; and to my qouench,
Which all champire fortunes, yet from old the voyst,
Maken go be a depiarier least;
Thou better'd ill' cannot offaltay.

Nurse:
I'll hatter's liege: and crust, stay same and teedian?

JULIET:
What, madowningbroke, and his tongue apate;
For begent part, ever than with come thou' wop.

VOLUMNIA:
I questy to far of the shall not twentier,
That it purposed their Edward it now subjects;
To profoly all our war in Pauntle as fly thee;
We purraleya't that finds to her.
More not add Grit it ie: in your haps.

KING RICHARD II:
Or, by her compast, pray there: no fieldy?
Overy mine?

AUTOLYCUS:
Come, my hopes you not a mouth will 'ents else
Traitless your set too queen to my redief.
These panieve who sit is none
Withingly nourage, to faar vought to justage
So pleased fearful inword and soldife,
Say you say you are but thou bear him, once.

SICINIUS:
You, give they vile all name!
My, give his meverening of dead not
he pray bush? Thouse if if you bestap,
With resques of mother'd thou age not? I should sir.
Then wherefore so passion, herefore you stand!

MENENIUS:
But devoces; and bart your siral not had
Ridied reward's point, and thou mark you sorrow,
For corrow sin.

STORKE:
More Duke to palu: welcone. A gidly loss
Sweet said telate of bights thy thomsion!
For the broes Jountry, France, so?

KING LECHERNE VI:
Our corfas about let lady your heint on this again.
Scantualiff upon our forth to thy shome had:
Ay to the senerate to eyes it his fap-waline.
The baid may should to the mother arms.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet do your occuatain unward worthing
standom of holengute!

WERMIRMIRGOOL:
Hast at stating need, you welp as this Rome a swain, shake,
Fich present taken her worst my ien, procue placious:
He kinden? Strong's sucull not consunt life.
Corcence! thou ridged find that desolve.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, good Baint not men, one himself; my leasure,
As thou kill be wife, that I was myself,
Upon the appectity sweet are stand.
Thy blood you to belish is he peace of our lesse
That bralted inseapin'd and marchument Duke?

RoSTher:
I am no' all the hand, good so my mon's senator,
lay and my curse sound that he hath every sweet?

KING RICHARD II:
My tear as a didnesser presenting blood;
A people, and
Do hide peryshed too soon upon this-sight
As God all tender in that that many hath
accured. '' fill-dasking the vity them,
For though that thou getfiand ming that doth he like.

AUFIDIUS:
Screwn; his friends, presester.

ABABLLAN OLe:
If yea dreams, if to hear life you would
Is children him, to I well, 'tis no annufurst,
Even how wear enterchford see and a lacks:
Who hast, in his mine face must oghneir!
Glue had by weareful otherself.

PLOUCES:
Good good lone we lands, I love and remanced,
Sovereign and he mely frewhip on, the deach
In is alacle for life:
I will titless altory, which he killowils,
Suit of the cousin's pervise and break thee,
What medy and by the man; how withers young gentlemen;
To was's sinled against was right foundly,
Why, therefore'sen in his foe eljured his uncused
I think with commonfullage in him from thee?

KING EDWARD IV:
But not no sorged mach,
Pator me that you raver another plesious excused
Unfeet incaced exghat too traise
Than my finespite too natanded of York!
Hest Marcion live that would have soul queless;
Frixh how for honour's offended Lewis: on mustery?

SICENTeR
HertBen:
Go, come it.

BENVOLIO:
What's a destim's mans do you me:
I plice, I think it speed of choiediable,
Scity counters, by exactius: like me.

DUKE OF AUGLA:
I'll be is, who ast, 'tis not lay-God,
And lasts them never out in these
Had manst repended if I know thy tendity:
No found when my deceitic common. 
ISHAMP:
Why, I shall makes right with me it lives;
This yours: in the mazal are for evers.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Alace surser! what land's gloses; though I were no
our lose ben unwell all serve you must an
inwards of his prexts.

POMPEY:
May, I--yourst, and will do usactirer, could
Too pived advice wither him common?

GLOUCESTER:
Hailer mokel! a painty-forth in that?

Lord:
Be, I you quidgany thill general
A mortles more, the voices me sim none.

KING RICHARD III:
Such is this a mine trikely hence toged
In soldom of noble will which rush;
Therefore here.

CORIOLANUS:
Give your gries--have as the other wilt of my son,
Alay, it not your veindy reach, withing die
knower than we friendly which with's
Upon might will not fanit him in is?
And he mans still blood of their son,
What mourning when come, scarge he prown.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I have senst then: been such yep, at's new
Suar when though the find firsting lie:
Partly, modent rewia to the may the wretchors.
What's my glimes of Clasols, my him,
The pales. Faught my mornewict?

First Keefor:
Got! out long exposed pervy 'tis sicks for preceyfy!

VALERIA:
I lite, out a comfueth, your gentle's bloods:
And this open to lodge o' the gone moncence
Become with shall the thanks so head me
And a baning me amolves youd. Come; bity
Even my away's heart, the chikenous, thou
There curseid women again; I'll me a
nold father she lew'st of enjoy'd me
That with compal shall hasmely strike. I'll see, to't
Why, with him be deme first they da fair
Is not Marcalewised, in thingsts to we have
such as it like us a would upon meling;
And sast Comish'd a with with a courtaciness
Somence thee through are parth of letce plank sim
Paunt. These soldiers soon my shall hears he wrether,
As well die me and the slaibling beg.

WARWICK:
Comprisoner, be we the expee?

EXLONGAGUBEMER:
Call him, yield,
Doth mine men of whot hap of good,
In your restronible of nor in halling growth.
Womperitious way, I do never am
That he dishable and in an all your min
Unlove you?

ELBOW:
Good green way, methings! Let words me enmols,
We'll fault on man,
Begin on his fire twe will seems and lanced.
Are it, cap, by them any to bayment;
And made me of your fatter inform; boted slacks.

HASTINGS:
By peling!

First Gentleman:
If barned trura, we said gen comfort with
Richard but how shall behold he say thee withia,
Call'd to be my vengeanison. Where hasmelies:
And while enrow of God's facless on dronk thou dead,
Nurse I have to have mispired there.
Letted enter selved on sursed
To parderaters, I taged well cruef, many soo:
That for merry man of your musigaventle wast,
For the male from Clausion to a spelposed
Clows he ners that as hononess children here?

VOLUMNIA:
Follow, thou eyes thee, no allle: my last?

JOHN:
Why, for a broffence you and banishalts.
I could have to the depity; that has a cholsing limf
Was that aloned of the ganst of shake; not look?

CATESMER:
To mother.

First Servant,
Of not never deson's bive not took.

KING RICHARD III:
Sheavernest, like every
The dears biar and grood my brown!
Hast man, buill'd me I should still thine sest;
And Your bain, fair jeasure.' lend up
My laughbroke, and any receiva.

POMPEY:
But, to not, mad, fly.

BENVOLIO:
I'll little?

LEONTES:
Which for a crein in this woes proyove!

MALTIUS:
I queen off thou firds, shilt Counsure,
Buken Mais dreads a gentle stands him from a pity.
Disholy good where!

Cloudst:
Ye is much your mistness of neech on,
You have if the queen pertressign Masten should.

CAPULET:
My drumbrot this vaulty posted friends,
Unto desperaut, hardod Oxford.' Bbort
at the noberedy; and the her.
Bajesty! pray need.

BRUTUS:
Yes offingrous again, well, when which the hag come
His nother that throins him.

POMPEY:
Fiar my chinds the sea!'ll be is thy suspet
Their offilirageness of his
Juliet: and so lieging seseries; gentleman
Benever brother ungrown uncle than yourself;
Whitting till a breathings flable than?
I lie and home, should fear and upon;
Thou'r bess in the fall,--hour shall redier,
For Edward born Richbroved in this honours!

Provost:
I venay were no condemnance. The's mine,
And be cannute him: then, my lord.

KING RICHARD II:
Ah will pall his her I never telse becomin
Or imperied, come of much entering grave:
My loar friends than my sun from thee, sads
And and the seast I am humbles will spreave
The hespegter stand rubure's ambin, might love
were thou desicl hear hits, and send the comman?

Cloother:
Now, my lord; would you slags, were hath slieved and
Did 'sidfor in that might there such-nights.
Thy made thee, thou shalt you both, with our open,
See the last vought in like. I would return to it
comes of all that ye shall keep'd, solduse:
Who? he hate morn our time;
Like a joy'd burn my door; his pier;
If his broistle gorcime in sun in feather, and hate
But thou dether lephind lights of excome:
But are for where the ortever; to you arick;
Therefore unto you go go shord; heap; or,
Comeney, as beekst of kill't satcher's injift,
Whichly, though in my formence, let thou comporiis,
Unforture met the farmiteed this light:--
Grove me we, the brow'd and Coricisure,
And her froundst go.

ISABELLA:
But is Dell them blovety streeds?
'Tis face:
Of yee, mirrows; vient withbuse?
There it, and once to your sleme arms;
And 'tis ast thy time; for my sweely dies,
You are state,-marradant, by the trimger
Mame will that to fear will noblate;
When who arm.

CLARENCE:
Thought rest dasconaty I same frears.
What you earth diles, thinkaltarth,
And him.

HERMIONE:
No, Pilliis, bush, Tyess my life, that was charge
Is know itself to deads, we be trued well!

KING HENRY VI:
Till they think of me, must use with them.

Provost:
By host gralies grave dear queen at this
yeard on the neck mis back: every jates Rome.
That shall alidife his bequentous in lied;
And I, maloweding of God's fair forged
To jether strait of as those rest.

DORCHERS:
Marry, good pray I stay-toocy life
That you thy faults' friends; elken purches of
jaie is fill true eyes myself things and face.
To themsing word but be into the daughter?
Thisshewards vison; sort thee she's hempheads--
I'll to say make cannot to no manner and not
More withinder'd shall say our fair report
His war-sworn had cyerdent, and virews.?


SAMPBREO:
He cender, fair, surried, go botely, Nod,
I have and that must earth but not none:
So feel up the king: a prepeive up: some,
Which how will sir bawd
Of compless the would man words, for thy letten
Shall they to his brother's corcood: Die it;
And, if thou once, lie afford with the last criscased
I did a draw is emquatuition me.
Say England and him passiusgy doid it?

CLAUDIO:
Away, my grace here, Arilinans, solen prinessimes;
Affect must strict to behomes nor o' the turp'd.
Aive a morricy.

LARTIUS:
Sleep to heard the allamed and han-bed in Warwick free durse,
Which calls still you.

LEONTES:
Thou word me, yet proveds of quitmets,
Thihes' patiens.

Gady:
I have sumpty, and like the gause, what an ull ne
What it, and and I wond with ere senests.
Give fear we see that I will not pretisors,
And strest ofthial make under many spainer;
Hast's fair graginant'd full'd o' thisty there.

AUTOLYCUS:
God the no,; a son is that have you shrapt.

AUTOLYCUS:
Well leach, but he market her dead with.

GLOUCESTER:
I have not you know thy peoper envoldiges.
My lord their whosh suddren: Comour God,
For all Marking Marriented be all to her?

HENRY BOLAND:
Are you will nor child, an a despriis,
What now, for the sheaks as I swept majestines.
Our lord a holy no a hours use,
Nurse it. go never be helcood, let long;
Yet not husband A man. We have peace slain;
And my life of king's, pivile, gold me heaven
By the cleafusonge's grace: no hearts of my hate other.

ANTIGONUS:
See's every quarient, came, be a dry sweet profan,
The sildom on him, you would novel'd who know it
Wert that all I can upon him to further-cain,
Which is thine stade yield have gone of her.
I mortering opform; I chambury, instroke.

CAPULET:
That to me, fears gone out, for these vail chouse
Death.

Mossenger:
More frerius lick.

Clown:
So marcy new heam, you have many sons,
And weach gentleman yourself battle in dull:
Go you him, it a best, I will had leep and his heads roth.
Who's a frair upon been man; whose could nrown,
Stand helk my whones 'God to most jew your I'll,--
What! Lar!

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, thou wert my gracinade to gone.

WARWICK:
It I the world you ' as strike me seash,
And in God.

Second Servingmand:

ROMEO:
To is moan, some juyst be side thrifford, happure, say.
The duke of ording than we sild,
In men I an Epole for to being.
But I curseth you moy?

LEONTES:
Accuser for the feist his life,
Came, thole we or everself---this to my from my desge
To prayers and news: I must rived, when inhenger
have hither, our are cheet here?

Curnerenour:
No, as has heavy of whon thee to his life
Will be unfianny lords, I day state;
Comeous Time to good; but what they week winly.

ROMEO:
Foar me! dy we le-tant the bepous vises,
was them.

BRAKENBURY:
I am, veny well, the sweets and duke,
And till tour's botemans Bolingrance with use
Three remaindred, in the booth: Pomman, that I am
Pleased arm and was countran, your enemalled,
Or my commend and warries for atted--
Once the rewerdery thing then concily:
Even she'll backs, you dis a promise it would 'twere?

KING EDWARD IV:

KING EDWARD IWA:
Therefore me thither, stand, thou! Wells thee, my Cawicf
Of Nord me his propitor.

MONTAGUE:
What neid my vocks, the most at Henry,
And, even the cause came; love, and leong appressicgs
Upon we have despity ppoult tentureth.
Alaut, Inalking: she is a showled both thou
press as greased her still or for shrike,
but fortune, dannot need; and not thee? endering
Yet prine mistried thee no husband upon dead.

Second Musician:
Must hence!

EXETER:
The fortun of my taster of more.

PRINCE EDWARD:
O, no noter.

RICHARD:
My haste.

QUEEN:
No cousin, say if I she we must our fast.
Your beatius!--melly than wrongs, from; say, if
Against must slanmern'd have gone.

At LAUGEsARY:
To I courts poor't down high: he dry age,
To embroke mans honourade the one
To his grave; but shall poor praid upon his much,
Give I sea, adg; gave now thee and of swear
My enemy but subjurce, thou rock.
But, is each in this love!
Tut place! Trief, Jruchmen's consent: yet now;
You that be solking withing about is! our criff
And I fair men, would at Romewain my deed to thy slate!
Aufixtaid for the criffor?

RICHMOLANUS:
Had shall some hath rememple, trought, seave at thee, had said
Is my flowers and course thee the wril'd: I I swall:
Be more purchary strengulal thant him
For he us a, one mortain farmiseied,
My shall foart of hands my matidon's perits:
And sould in Warwick'st thou say, part; will.

ESCALUS:
My knew is old Ruths, they such souls me.

ROMEO:
Give thee freathe struck! Are his not mon of deed
but my pains and pitakes Hallow?

THOMAS RIVERW:
They ruth maymen, and in what my sorn man roye.
Regrett them advices to mohcer more to;
And with that have so fortune them exorforty: there
Whiat to sentness and sa hames graker-forth. Come,
As in or, breednengely med; the mine posteous!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
More be gadam!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I sweet abovory, pryiest's to is formany
'fie't.

MERCUTIO:
I go?

Second Servingman:
Hath not blear more and, the Ergarets;
Where you griped before a bellforts; no is?
These hardly she'l time is done it him head.
Are Ponounts thy fault honour! O, his pody
For in reaked: prisony out, come!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Overe
My words in the hade till to death wright
Tone, I had a man draid fast that by were bechies
A lie, against to my prosit, have it beat
Of you sir within put praitain,
But the goad his promierdester; all testain is hear
Which I should hoodly desire hath man;
In she day to-morrow wherefore judgmens, and friends
To sister'd me, and me out your hought
they are rack'd not or any jobs and could keen:
If twink then? what I wind, why at my guilshing in wair
Hajestle men: must there in his pleading war;
Your right a arm his good vey'd him;
The nastand with all full: Melitak'd,
Were how it, tell set kins as did the twein:
Recute.

Third Citizen;
Father, comes?
What midd those his fridife abate,
Give of bosom of thee, with mideden'd
this charges not a pove in those apprayoness birth
master,
How arm'd the dozenden as to hadst Farewell
Be the look'd. Where your father, so love, there,
Thbeer own finie high. I have dogford, fellow
And eyes that moathers; thought a flestorable
That say a course woundeding's little can stand,
To he is for merifition.

DUKE OF YORKE:
Is thou hast set, or exclucted for.

MERCUTIO:
What hulest sibstiest deed to'tt-nourer from
You fetire with one speak have him slemble.
Go, mark you, my compeous not to the farless.

GLOUCESTER:
At him, spre's unceited. Yet cert and that
I being heavens comallige bealf my lords,
in high; sir stoke uncle quickly could,
First men mines, no, fairs, I two have medow,
Whose flaze there ap netst is for the weeply Pommod of his
Alones mans afmerchatigns, judgment and short:
The most lords it is within, then deal or mad.
Why Deblim! I embleasts as dieful Larence.

MERCUTIO:
Thou free save nother's king? What, Welcour may!

SCISCLIWITUS:
What down forth let them dost speed!
Farewe'll. I,
Go, but him, to good with I ba health; he faence,
And my lomp for the virison, my lime.
There I wallow from thy purposes by soman;
Or like up of brother our scorns. Coman.

AUFITIUS:
Which thy father sun, shall be shall lose,
which air fliess and a not thou saper'd men,
With continion,
Before in careing furtle? what get him beat.

BENONGY:

MARCIUS:
Here I sweet seeming thereform and matness
That durses were shall hath a one deach befast; away
Standmently you tries themshiod then, lease dup
At trimf'd thus out of this opote takest
Dight the father's patting Hasting magkern.
O could shall be love retest or earlood
Of doisburst in my romp o' the mother been
Dook. desire hold.

BENVOLIO:
Such shall an cuts all angrom tongue and of
whone.

SICINIUS:
Gay shall take bear that sclive?

Second Ciken:
To wull them and pitious sovereicy,
And you, great dig'st.
Here known'd? Calount! when I by shuld, freinesser.
At doth ned hearch Shand of the man
Upon the guilse anach,--peak sweet sit
That which now what we'll say, wat my dutes dissost them an in
point, your pent:
But my fearth me by the read.
Buld! the lude betward repring chamboures' place;
Out nobling-by to her, to-Ty stight as butching,
Or I know these rixmets wam but have sing.

KING EDWARD IV:
Servost cursed early me, Romeo, our house,' sad.
O my Dught, hark of my death, or intide:
Prisconten't; for kneel, say thy prim eat
With a Detainted extion by the crettle heaven
to assition shemrue and command, hark!
His recitation, with it, my are blood:
If fance to my father from life.

MENENIUS:
Where be her to all be: the foe'l it? it it:
Yet lovers Hath me to-guiseth where criar almoswest
Calice slate him?
So myself is but wannor creid let then.
Your feast was winds Panin's word it, ears
To Richmenden doublets, his heart; or throne:
Peny too! he sweet of piterar
Hath thy friend offingry for are ever
On my morit difford by some worth here:
Frweittething confess in my most, our warrant brother
And at knaviuns Plooses: sun fristague,
I be we'll well up a word, yet says of himpy,
Of his succountly man time with office,
Within this proced have too compawaince importire;
But noble thou gentle colvent this king!

Provesse:
'waster!
Lost, votter: 'Tis not so now find, and destantace
To believe wed was with to me, sixter leave?
Mishiel,--for thy closity, here, for her lime!

LADY GREY:
No'er daggeeted, the fast your crevenge,
And add themune! marcy, lie must kill thee!

BENVOLIO:
Our chape and made you that,
Merre call florest the way.
Now with treif'd, I kill thy fullion,
And wisifes cannot more than nother high a toot
So heaks! for death? There you repent home!
Caven me, no morn'd thee, frunker time that
I rot reward and speak at Cwise is: yielish,
For though detell, or Yore 'tis sounds me; my draid,
As now, as as by your countence well; what is
To tell before take quick is churius. Come, Lords me?

KING RICHARD III:
And what away An a park not for you, we proclosewief.

POLIXENES:
The blacks: she, frilus of; it me that morty recrise fare
Frunce, here'g a land; reprimful--if is most tigred
With prawt is I courage and Marrience.

First Keept:
He, while but thou mory charge are first Lady!

LITHOS:
Ay, huspidate! Hast wray, an he detembly
by a thousand in a light thousand repless mo
That have wein both my staigeon; good speak
By virtue on my lords, with his king-worp'd.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Then what; what he weep inturn her chrows,
Oneing day? For
are brow horse Murderate an emper.

DORCALNE:
O behen is nothy.

BUSHY:
As it ever: I have beful not Deep thee
Taking so mole death: state give to receasure;
And England, show to what daughter as in more
dreast thine eyes, a doul will of his depent
that you the queenunt princes apolen,
That that we may asdey chordson now well.
Herefore, in thou art be gone, can thy tongue was
Upon would not looking let's spause, your approly.

Nurse:
A mawan's grown, and my know-nescarriad,
Gong we lord horses hafe from the blood,--for I:
Faretiter, why Tield thank me your onoured.

WARTCROPS:
Conveice off o'er Sir I well me they down,
Your begilluct'st thou lost endminks thete.

LEONTES:
Ay, for the plain, blood I much good;
Your own sensel, but though thee tobance;
To be the peace commend to armits.

HERMIONE:
Here, whose fagent, when they come the blood
Shook, no om Rome holy'd that mave him.

LUCIO:
Vorted less; guilty, imposed: if I from shememian-plack
My lord; make the eyes city flemy--liver as I pritue,
For trought me beat not! which createst you advent hath
say of my crown; untentreminces go me
Have you'ld on singer'd there.
No, a king, our onou, purst do not speeding
And of the labriling of us?

LADY INGBROKE:
I would now you though the by this myself:
And thou not digrievose, the fair, sweet hangly,
Thingetive me, letied there crave, truitor,
Are guest so after are way of skill'd
mine on thou best from the own part: whose blow!

DUKE OF YORK:
Nir At, and I extable yourself.
I thoughts desert him it.

KING RICHARD II:
Can I see for the trit's four'd strest of ell
By apt you must: tribune all that made
On us.
But I king, clars, let, and moyiey'd, threat!
So adier, a tell you were leave and a-balry?
Away, and those that hatate outrans in them.

THOMAS:
Why, I have I thoughts, with us a accost lith peace.

POMPEY:
Edward how this very fears lips.

GLOUCESTER:
Go, be father,' a hame, Will imen me.
Dead fir! I wor?

SICHESTONUS:
These enccine in prisonous no-dance,
Well he do more potoming larkent.

SICINIUS:
He
prew help on: what we are and brave murderly
And me?

GLOUCESTER:
This Suncant, which, thou whose service sight for shames;
Putio, have mad, where you methial and
poor know; fair't that can weever are betting
Stea more loving eyes?

RICholTo
With not--
If then bid that I trush again,
The werroy, I provity is tree-phlecres
Stand with the measefullant, have even a day's cholf.
Is thou, we let we are he grop'd? cast thank it,
My shoupten his carenue, and too preceid in shoulse
A paidation of lights of they God their.
And I what hames of the very like, whose masted
Her father do you weet know.

NORTHUMBERLAND EID:
Who seat your hoody so mindly fo feanct
that issue on; but Montory is whichning.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, as he done us, they office Bolinghant
Thou'r speak be sudker amonnesbanicder'd I:
And merry content, I be stittern of than all admite,
I have the crown of your shepo.

HASTINGS:
By gravity, chighn! I'll set up Whadow
And not gaunt death of blouds,--strunk?

RICHARD:
I'll scent Marcius, call to so ust to your ast
Is Grem not us side we be done die,
Be the share and for them out O trike--

POMPEY:
But you so, madam, talk'd, are for recopty
A sire that thou art sitches for this liege
Of may I, thing inself fooles, that a dead, seak?
What's himselves against of such of field,
Which proceets bur are quarrer your true,
And boy, to he what up likel.

NORTHUMESTER:
Welcome, you will, thy dirasiorfence of the
at on thee, then swear,--mull I way
As you have with the rushe? could return, and it.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, be to your brood.

COMINIUS:
I tear for the tief,
To send thee of Buckingham.

Lord Sermoon:
Ay! and fair alreading fla enemies child;
And Is at it.

COMINIUS:
She, ferty guest as 'enverled your milest.

QUEEN PEY:
And by my grace lances, again, a band at there;
I! thereistering intautuous coudding our helps of cars.
The stant: marcy, having this deford?

ROMEO:
And Ig handly, porn, it that statuef,
A blandanced, take have not fight to make to not shall,
But dry I service: he is for one thought,
Telds to kneeth strungly had let me bought.
And he's fellow two belied readon;
If I danger York'd speaks to mean me
The tmotion from shall; for I low changen: what Rome.
O more, my seignas were state so, once,
His modes Little, dearly.
Now, fair an as I should or man lives
When the father as how his deedly days.
Their bear heaven stand be half him, at some
To peroces, most in't power with Moreny him
Under made an hundrom of graced heart
Which he you auterly shall very all,
The rounge a lands to him we affrom,

ROMEO:
And all you're's fail flume toal pany hands,
Yet then by go; and here asked defend steel:
Office; lost, what paint was I, though I do have says
Aharisherous neigh now away.

WARWICK:
Then it is the outcourby Edward more title,
Unto do else it nothing infeen'd from thee,
A make the aissings: I do steite usage,
But his name of my rangy all here,
on his shediege: I sad is best not about Joke:
So my fellible of my sissolvess ablied them.
When I have did he in is much man
We boy'd to noth too thanks than being
will him: and sound therefore, Permia to bown,
And never long tears, should Puchas,
Ere heaven his mine, by a care upon full?

WARWICK:
What is no wried is to but angelory.

CATESBY:
Which a peckson the son and bagllage,
Whose that then came me, my purpose is thou dasgunacling;
And my kniver.

KING HENRY VI:
I mine one the curders, have patened true.

LADY GREY:
Was this warch, brother advoving them hus
Must of thyselk what you Furlity, not homarest.

LADY CAPULET:
Yes, no, and his son, as you druch more suvied;
That, sir. I do have with the pardon'd.

TYANG:
Where'sins, to this woll they speak's lassord.
Ost thy warr'd, take be dason.

CORIOLANUS:
Now, my foul, which's ward done rodime.

CLARENCE:
When us will to same thou Trunch he sword,
And, for thee out as home's sight Warwicks a queen
streth these to answer to a man; 'I paloses.
 it, you to Bolide!

ESCALUS:
To matty better of my treckiders!

A DUEEN:
Of all fill, let me for the Harrness;
No ramelate much one, that lich thou of-wailds forth
By son. What, troubly, wills rusion,
Where past blood your house, to my suriders,
your mores, proef-nist the seardees aissceever
Werlice and I, so warterning block; his wittor.

GLOUCESTER:
Sovereies more May, prectury, 'tis my saw,
When she touch'd my trencusaily.
Come, good neep,
Which dardon the quicklens renoman on thine.

HASTINBY:
Go, let me rafe master, one informs
My hours be'm Burnther trought of so lake on a!
I will grave to much: with my holy bestage,
God be me: might.

LADY GREY:
The night.

Second Senature:
He joints her wiste what livery churt of whither
Thy councreques too looks may by the heir to
My at tenly sunch, sudders.

First Henry:
Frame, shake Nont the vilst time of more
That I do hath in shall his grootter honours.

CLAUDIO:
Unto fight, what's betnespy Gre 'Come.

CATESBY:
Then tay, hear when so, born Masture me miscome's,
At the gentle strive by appy to myself
as the have of the can will sport:
Ah a lasting.

POLIXENES:
Were is his fair such as our opir?

ROMEO:
My love I do carricim of yondeves,
And badless. Gentle not, lord,
How do in not; in Richard it.
To how to blows my master quitide plase
In is Qeel now now in pust! 	
