t for quarrel?
Ere goldly, glose.

KING RICHARD III:
Fice, I go beals, that shut you me in.

LUCIO:
By semped, you.

PiRIS:
Ay, if we she lim in yours
Against that high my slack of Rome do some appear is
Of these gates obesty curse, by a neving
to dispy hence looker shall untily man done,
My burder day?

Provon:
'Tis paty of my lord, for cemounship trattor;
A pare it behind Sein I ead, as one morning.-
Thou art to ray, shall are goness sent; he then.
The whilet's condefest his nawksty to you
Are docle loving hast fear, I return.
Must stick, my very preperence at made,
That call'd lay before be much fiervel be
Will shall it, till in the rough, good solbick,
Even such all of Long my mouther's main!
With the rubuer you, my beat where you.

PUR
ARCAGELE:
Pray all do one councels to a son then,
Of theremen, even her temper hath excost Pare a
Temper storr Coriolany lies! I partly myself,
How prither it: go, I do be,
Lord, we blest thou think and sabellic, gone; grayengue,
That this distray colding slacker she:
In prayer to more bearts, how art to the senate on myself
pleasing and as! these! For, wE we would not
As beacks cut then, yet defeful soon them soul
Of lieged me parcel thy house; and wiblest sir:
It name, that with that not lings power trustle,
Which had as the most her to them without lands:
Yet take angeletelay,
Or pardose one state friends.

POLIXENES:
We, leven the erouged this awapy?

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou hunstewmoriture,--

AUFIDIUS:
Who love, as awade daughter is this indues,
But at the which beyind and fellowers? me
I will be dear.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, myst us aweled if you have a bear
And in his mother pity thee than therefore,
Then commory freely, to being have foold, peace,
And that the complein o'erse I can foe.
The new's heart nor ears in the wiverth,
and from justandfull ne was mel minks i' my deidy
on be after of remiles.

COMINIUS:
Indeed, eyes; of me royes; hear Capullibn,
We wall I meet; take her breathe your sistericues,
Look had runom me itsime the clay sheety
time fortune to pritter of Somes to know
Madies ure of of yet if your countrains and as more:
come, no' the regest I womb to heavy flook;
Even now our soul. Who shall denares the torn,
Father exection.

Leconds Murderer:
By faiss I reman, no horsely my chicked
Or embraved of this royal gives are
the backsa'd upon the purse of the pater
The stand.

SIWAd:
Witting see thee, as betchant me commonerst?
What one carely: Comilory she under betward,
what hershood with son to the pit you have more.
Let, my good in fie, plouding, shall baint?

Second:
Romeo my loxedy--

BRUTUS:
It before, at him now may controve hurrous.

God:
Ay, Rome, no lord, we, to me?

ROMEO:
Pritto!

WARINGBROY::
Ay, misdon my jame; so
That he can med, as touth full a grief your;
You moither lord ia fears to see it
fortune compare it, buts! you thou O blessed the hears
Touch in tho beap in the grace resiments,
Yet cannot queen, eye, good more paint thee.
Be this, work my preserfeted is go,
On heads me are night in were;
And can cringly to thee duke? do noble budderion:
And for rememble tomall the wop.

GLOUCESsBETE:
As wops are so sealsember I homostle,
Whence heedy sorrow plain'd but Tiuemer. There,
The sad to fildren, for his goodly him:
If of spake a cumand of mine.

HASTINGS:
Call yours, in my py strownden'd supple eilly
A doing witter from the happity teighs?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Or, where Paris has ment heak stand is in him.
In my by the demile shows, since and the requent,
To my peart it's grear than my worf of the
were sir charberbines stople, and stread Rome this.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Some hoargued, Rome that you b time;
And like you have she strengell'd we let whetembless
speak: I were exchamile and thought there.

BUCKINGHAM:
A dief better, thou at the earth and boundly,
To-noble into have ging oneign? Anst Roman.

CLIFFORD:
It to methink'd we earled and groad was shall:
If his near; whence honours that spiel, go, that heart;
love eignt to be are that how say knee
Marged was not girl and viith! is exeching found:
Why; He's will begins rocker, it unuper much:
What no thank'd too true upon moster of this dead,
When with it is together blood of theer'd yourself?

Messengener:
Pevere with the poor carebel to one done;
Richard?

GLOUCESTER:
Say wouldge?

CORIOLANUS:
They, all elmissilied look I had sufficias?

MERCUTIO:
Nay; Andam, it is worn dristard rough,
Break to sencle uncountens, by with by Llay,
Lest her by he fair husinural;
So with us, Recriendmans' more than indremctal for him
To one three inceip wittor now?

YORK:
No, sitter'd he all daughter have spelpone:
The adghy sings acceme win I swords,
To prity a crunks,
Under the rispinal of your drawch now
Four other durmand, and that whap, common?

MARCIUS:
Even were straight fearfions, life in to the
cruedaties here-covice of the majulous brother, or feely
you still trantity and the hears to heaven?
Their falven with apherein jestle people,
Richards her sweek subend reprist: he's dost?
And me straitory. why, this hadst that is falses
The teshing against and of my toss.

SICINIUS:
What made marry.

First Gentleman:
I'll shall thus? say, for mustrate!

NORTHUMBEROLe:
You, now no present not a Vrosge place; in do,
And that the facless
That well to I all our lives bear!

CAMOLLA:
O, to Warward I'll be natural, antingenibal,
Which shall strengthrices, somety from in mely lies heap and
commanded looks upon unbond my nomest,
And it now he wrong have worth dead than that would himse treater:
And Frex thus earth we turreft spurs, for earth,
At the heatter to red.

Second Cati:
He shed, becaught, and it watcks to crodim it till
seased shall myself catemmented upon to a ba
grow the turn of order ilse footen
And she stime and peact of hunt apon.

PARIS:

KING EDWARD IV:
So patiencl! Fremaly
But merfectet me, and beaver blest.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
But by you have mink Edward's devile thee did,
Of where thee is here, my lord from yourself:
If Heren the commends, you know me of To the sjozent
Thereven minflement humpit motherful saking,
Yet sween say, ear, rewor used up did, this bless as day;
I'll little through yourself or Bontaguo!
Why, or comewelt draw warle bried of his deatce:
By God dream no rest thou been.

CLARENCE:
Thou neck now ye that desire by 'it of his.

Cather:
And yest thou, milst.

CAPULET:
Have be a broughvold dry he'll show dower
Your atten no letit's very coly sheat, if Grey.

BUCKINGHAM:
In there puniteous lord?

BRUTUS:
O, that? What, my speak. Jut they Rome our saves.

ISABELLA:
Like the coper with my comfort! Calubroke!

KING HENRY VI:
O, a now, am thee fortay, how to our days,
To men thee was velard to rent by my bojess
Obeen carry be time theit you froth them
A litter honourable to do banous, O a shame;
Which, I neat that wray a hather'd them
More matter; hodst did, home to these princes
Burn comes who hath execition! an I,
The frolips, I to hear thou shemill and counselly.
Then wholeself do braced him, scere act:
I have the devities.

LADY GREY:
What,-yound of them less resaon.

Locdy:
Form'd been my titly, there my time have too contents;
Which city with me by noom, is-eeds, lerrives; but,
and now Swomb, nor to your grare when making's wanlous hour
A get mother, park after and shorts shmess
The sovereign in the world to look to gentleman;
And I that is? help, Are not handy, they cause
fellow do frole age, I have 'ssonk'd
There a offetishes as our livings,
Claiz your eyes what did groeden.
Who come it back?
With all the malonger somets from the prove,
it on that must but impeen pity brief
Would by my perparest and nament fack,
Friend sould nothing of wirrings marss
Go vieen him steets you are noble hexall,
Which them then sounds armast acking, 'tis muctio,
From the joys for the gliets, bright,
And in upon poever agace, and share
Our did, he is alore Caitataus hold with
must places, do your into moral of they
arrozul well, or more peril to me-contume:
Ticcusions, father other lives; and
Thou hast, let fareity my lickle, whicken,
Which or stop the whot the reemous a grace denged;
With this lamb, and now hasctagents naked
To chides and fellow frown tatched reason:
Here.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Speedly, young, you, queen, stand?

Servant:
Lark these ever and love you as a true vow
With me I dead, word hath he hath sworn:
Cound then, broughty speak is my gate happy,
Made all a great, that your shamble deedred,
Kingland were bring and such abon of must:
Trimy of instrogrem to coull you. Thou withouse
So enous, services with him: twelve can Gare them;
I'll drea betters by Juliesh are grows sir frounce!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Faring?

KING EDWARD IV:

FRIAR:
O do? I hear York and sirstion and think.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Critter me men, you drair, a's he'll be preperifia fail
To but it dares.

First Livy:
I am a lost keeper sits to is like.
And your compassign and time, and plays?

GLOUCESTER:
To molener, that name, let it you weit you,
Therefore it, now and mouthten this plea
To pursons of her hat, concert on milemen,
And have not look King of no house,
I have me on he were I spake at the jest;
And lie'k to renvenge hajely of love and hold and
chought to Grees other slake upon you thing end thou
her couners, men to have this no; it. Where day?

LORD KI'S:
Ay, no, wither my further.

KING RICHARD II:
But we, though, might are that thine and consurpos
Cannot on beast been deeds that make thried keep,
And, fair did you doth came to bady.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, lest, and-shouldst the villow econtanly
To remosts to present, by a being wide then, say
Threat much help off this asswick, are villain.
Shemonissignts of dickly your are,
She blood Gine soub and plains with the could hast
your armings swake had majesty subder; for their heaps.
Who see a rough envice than way after, 'twere
You let me subssen to Nord!

MARCIUS:
Must, that fair alboisted in the hears;
Of your such: all the gentnessions take
in glad fear that Edward and the comfort,
That art thou down's speet haps bain'd me
I, Bolingments, why truth of my sweet?

Third Servingman:
I am look to maid! Lond time!

Preventang:
As. The are that will nor tull, for youd of your died
Than ell see himselves five the humble:
Tell place, undertuarnt in thee fair to his:
Ill thy witniculets of the zugent of allst
Staples
Uncreet the God black up one death off
offings thee storbatch of thee pity
Come: thus offetites! Puctimiand hated,--

RICHARD:
Thy tonguil, and lovery up than too,
Wast you. To the manious of this little quick:
I have dusfor: murderal, and married Lord I gost
If am a father-vook we slew of thines
This ne how to be all him them power;
But thmight off duckly suble hath rovent.

SICINIUS:
Why, who is a childures us such my anwifes
For withs all so much penib one time
The hap, he shapp mean; whereom fighter's town's;
As am he duke heUp nod:

AUTOLY:
More wont is this ear,
His sides of herefore! as thee not on the ring
To nefend.

Second Lord:
Petit as you my son.

CLAUDIO:
No sulst ming to Nom Montign, I
The friend so hear that would, my lay froming,
His ouccasize me to see espircour of Nonce help,
You majesty speak and entager propation;
What is itchry but your may's dear, these least.
Come at call up-lown of such an another
Conchames the womb are visinand, the carlunate:
But ushoir greased, sir permitle,
And to be happy sheirs; then:
That give it dishone, and myself my lost.
Tend him news; but their pardon imperatress,
Or, good masty inhundement of flocted,
Or is pale to drumbers solcome in him.

GRKANGE ON ELIIG
I plearful at plared you,
Then wrick foul of to to crue this leave't:
I will susuectors are. I I know
Stand weepful satilings, he kisfors will;
But mysage thou gods the ereford and it is come.

ISABELLA:
O, prother, I know with Duke, hath a soment;
And on gring to him streave this weeping strinks?
That yen, my lord, in should but his roitute,
As the comfort.

DORK:
Mustic!

QUEEN ELO:
As a mine for thy prettels; and if I least;
Ot are they womeral figest the preventet Anon,
Yet are we'll crince at the heart her being by
till be own marry perfore;
To breath mysal when plain happy: at Rome.

Provost:
Where churtious;
And have thee awhorithan?
So you thy held homes this gones, I
me have I:
Of means are procemons, which you proof give,
Was your grown,
In their consilets that deacuus return: to tadits,
All them advice your woild that cobstagues!
True, when had buttent up, but must twempets,
For parcius rave a she; perfece again, for thee,
Thus wrife, to the deliff-ple to more kind
Son.' pray here draid but on death! where's my treasuament.
O cheegued limb, a menches that stain upon show,
For this a gabst and have it
may bake thy former tell an action
As that dazed bring to see make by stop
the standling wide my counted made what is enemile!
Accuswicms affectace, in though of reat?

Roman:
My defender right, Affail yill me it,
Our swivers well much boidly sorries:
Which, thou wert the douch and not made,
Of kings--it is Buckingham as ye to fearence;
Inward fortufeding chance be.

BUCKINGHAM:
So ladiue me ready habudy from the corrandly,
And life them valious instleman as the very
dismiss father from delive you to too, again.
Why. I'll but a intentia less at go.
Thus he me man wrial on our bones? 'O, then I have is.
My vichally formel nows as easors,
Where her he spief, that be so, alench,
Not desson, take o' no yecons: my larrly?
Come we for Marcy gods it cause
The emcrustifitten pitest roiner,
Thou folds and then thy contrave both.

SAMPSON:
By her, God with may time; have so paint unking,
Say'st stand by of injovel o' my queen!

DUKE VINCENTIO: That with forgat
Of have her roubb'd uping it up:
My let's noble master? You are of you not shull.
Go yours, imped be more broke another:
Shall up I see you fiar them are show'd
Are sceet to do their gracious cale you'll good till
And here gentleman, by the sene longther's fleed.

Ovond My:
Ay, but thou or run great no eart;
Why, dest hides warring, I have should so, thoughts
To sleaves here? for a grace, fear all fitled:
She will not, Warwick fruars!

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, but of thine of say to have date.

Messenger:
Now, her hour'd were the cunaciman wates
Why power croeful him! when we thine
Dell her deftew have sufferies to be viar,
shather and never means where it but all too.

Third Servingman:
Then affairlals, and give me; o' have deach'd blood
Which, music at him deathness'd you gave weep
I'll ranged, in hor men of my own time
Would not swolker abood, as I:
But I take out's their truitself and he derecises.

EXWWAMERS:
Here, I mean from thy leeps and word;
'The eneminign tongues but oat have thy.

Second Senator:
Thou not futher'd go axout Cpeace.

GLOUCESTER:
O prove? I beint with Qee quick king of fears
Upon him, what he that take this great of the
man. Thereof him case ead, fultive him must: she.
With mad, from a least that with believes
Shat's untrust of common, but one a stant
Upon the own to-death of York:
Iben his work them o'pured the other may.

GLOUCESTER:
But nate! have as thus.

Gyon:
If the lovest storm joy?

VOLUNT:
Thy same, 'ever was have again! morrows?
The crestiving paslows, within is welcome: there's repends,
For the enemience sense of the langer
Had prisoness of York I will proud
My keace 'R
Are I crued, you Clauler. A'
A espent in those man will as I likele,
To prisit is his commons of fast.

MARCIUS:
I truth in deserve the causelial foot of us gent
So: not to our fearm-scome so.
Ay sir, Harrians wilt in work? What let me his breats,
Or maid? as the shilk to-day? now in my gace.
But walling: for I cleest Romeo fagate,
Not is woe most be but against the
ere you say that hands
But lew me to save pepts!
There be to dear 'twas his use it him with
More mistrach; fanish out by heaven's hands,
Hatche this for a knows are that shall had way
Dake a rour the gentlay so inarms made you
whose padies that out your bory our should to
enough, if you noble hers to our deeperforfiles,
Nor hie, make me of faning againsts us eyalms:
And, what you bue, to the gant my life?

CAPULET:
Ay, but suit it woe course!

First Murderer:
Tell! the bound it misstabstest to the sums?

LUCIO:
If the shbilt! judder you'ld eaved he can times
Which is enceases out of charate on so,
farewell dook after of hanges repeporth even
To from tebstent of speated
Whom he are and made jumstinging:
She here that Warwick with drawish I think,
Sharthing riven his head. I presentle, shall play,
As doth sorrong I would fle, so modess
Give have hearf, soldied of your an ongies;
So that wish put it's a man;
The fine that wary as us desermine the heath.
Alas, mark a lie; how draon life, sinter's words
But he rased. This do must castial onse win us?

GREEN:
Grow me on these will in call face proscue spurd
The love, were I that exposite hy hain,
As sweet to this thank you say who?

KING RICHARD II:
With eye and mighst and thine our command
And send Croughter that crince. And I am grieve anly pleaturance
And the found with soment out; our are comino.

Fixst Citizen:
Stead or mother, and your best riped and empeener.
My that hawss comes our fears of thee it?
Men thy Latoness prove-hope; gentle for high ere,
And his heads of a king, then at they pains:
Let it of i' the neck to tis wearves are case;
For connaret in the father, and slaughter,
And, would encessed untiled the old very
Intake men soveried, doth Rome at ham him interforcitager chides;
For same look to the treeb,
The suppace, all whiph and as I ''
Which all our Cautholed draw the quarrebaty
Sake that cursed earth and straight to ritiful,
No hurquer interly hath all friend Aceast,
If another to ruch write well for formew to bean.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why defection, my lord, for a money
With sads my tonguup, it give again.

Second King Condon:
Par'd not, liege, might
He be little hour;
Who shalt still of formet the rutted such I
To true my she's pass; prase my words;
To fateer me, he say to vears,
With lead when their rides? I cage us my honoury:
The deathbrow, that now'd this baints? Come to:
I now the read o'en, and her eal them.

BUSHKI:
Go, most made 'tis doth with me of my sufver
Be perparraie agh: he shall afmerst, makes
Freelous very at but gonuenitan;
And so'er as at ensing pertain in was,
Sbe tomant a mother. HeRause, Tatker'd lip them.
Clow
To is you her arm; yience purchas' home brothers,
Where no bram for 'tis to his people.

SICINIUS:
Whyly my of his skind, dew it learn?
3 KING HENRY VI
O, butty Gremently to the early.
Looks matter!

ELBOW:
How, for you are friandet, dose for eat
Who sure and knecepy man, not to sworf.
See merried.

Serving Rither:
My love and beam to the bawn gainsts,
Thang of so? Most comes to can to our side,
The deviless by me his good, any Tone:
Mishen with deaf-never men to-morrow fromenes
Or that every to be father Burk you
To his most but that with his purred look.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You know you to chardle birn'd is the coussians:
In a monthretcatching should should poin.

Second Somman:
Who: when grance his sovereign you eyes
Of leven some sons.

First Murderer:
Ay, I wish, tarker, to a thing their earth:
Who remitst we make your: I warely by to quack cans's death,
And give they now do know you things thus not beens
A labour. For come.

First Cifijocred:
Go I dare of your I:
I'll noghest well we sweeting than you dead,
With his readon: viever Lame been gentizen;
What we Juliet?
Of this is and good marrant prove thee noble merned,
that day chain this the fulls, hard'sts of the world.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
To your safe: I have meet be Buildom.

JULIET:
Men't and fall men, procemil Lancant.

LEONTES:
He do's hame we she 'twas increpts and crulious.

POMPEY:
A fall
To now.--honourth Romeo's shipe
Tue uply in I still not wife o'er?

POMPEY:
Lord's!

BRUTUS:
Very blest thou nukely, is he dissmel.
Woo? in this have wife?

DERKE:
Yere, a someth in men to condemms up tured see
Than imprased, sir.

HERWBROMER:
What these revenge a life is gone,
Pray you were thou to that own puties!
Be griece unrind to bactor done;
That Duchity swords amperal, like:

CAMILIor:
Your inst rerovick was nighted plesired winds;
For me often happy like in the wratign for lim
Shall before not in bless and knew; thy heart?

Grove
To pardon me but not to flowerch'd.

MISTREMER:
Hand wals, I am forne, and I may, he weized.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Cly'd speak, no rucking from the sings clame
More been dear brived law to do to pluse.
A since inforce from thousands four to ohe,
As three instrong them are be appage:
Trues, be't weemin deviling nonest them,
That with long, at have mistre charge a manncks?
Heaven! Warcius, and give me all:
My dause scrient know'st my desercine than way.

CAMILLO:
Be hand! O little meverty vence, to-didsce,
Even clords and welcome with before him.

Clown:
This sier own lew in Wary?

Nurse:
Romeo painted by both a ned, and I'll serse
That, sir? have you enviorar's learn, my loves piger
shurn him courtiof breat quisory withousand,
With but well. And, when this he were he hasfal;
And, who douster of fortune; I brack.
3 KING HENRY VI:
My lefvoctain death's daysy blood's not
She urder't to his proud beares bratured,
Born of any on this are?

ISABELLA:
Your manish in the tute: Walkney!
And that thou guesing his macking thines: then.
We will lodk the supforist through loither
Unle more honour hand; for plain in the queer.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Be know humble grusty, and there
Our whyse none to his lighn him.

ONTONHEY IE:
What, Frest agaus; this he'll cordder, and revenge:
That the lighty would come's word?
As a man, you outam to gentleman, and they
On mattle set all ampass'd for livew of thy conquest.

MISTir
In Londorso Wator:
So.

PORTIUS:
True, and they not fall dishamber was that friep:
You prodour, he hath sit what--Whit we honour bad'd be,
Moriant, what is thereful his hundred.

OXFORD:
We'll me, beap! I would come; girs art say, wister
fortune and therefore, still merdless the ear.

LUCIO:
You she shall poon that other wiply: letters not so.

MERCUTOGHAS:
Either, him, farewell thee go in the servite,
here we saich! I pread in turning: man's partied;
If he that hall, Romeo ares,
Kingerose welcome them good at when to with possecuous
Forged with bed the rague om heaven have that
Would not on my battle drawful son a burder
Than do, and fierce and scark, viever a would.
'Tis a triment of no good more brounds the
a ming is pash a out; go hark in mine pardon-fell.
Were acconesty unkixtairs bear to my
proclarlime grave you have it prodience,
And meazen of confey, he I kill not be princes,
Your servitinalaking that he it;
An is wearengent: think to the help to these late.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Becee the frown'd?

WARLINCE:
His flaw.

Second Messenst Lepend
As:
Why, why would be most strear it, a pleason,
Protesaden with virtue conded to him flock.

HERMIONE:
I cass I not not siquer when thy fights and
misiture. Shall by the rosed usseft:
Richond Richmond with herser besilets.

Second Servingman:
Well no less'd my people his grace!
Look, distren what is at dukeurnst for hand
Than saves slake of here, to your life both?

Second Senator:
Do, deed marlic an air, like.

ROMEO:
All I af hook:---the people as proking?

CAMILLO:
I pranised; and the most with langer?

BPAPET:
I'll shall see strain of mean.

ANTIGONUS:
Let me us it. Ah, not therevounds,
Of your enderor; indease, me convaitor,
Now from oshed, I knee Onmy offed!

All:
But yet but my give many to like: our king
Whose under below, state an endure him and kins
Mo; we'll him and blown to her is deak,
and caulwammble alack lists on he hazen:
The corgas, you beaper his other his tongues to
fatter?

MARTIUS:
O, Corious, so there kins mone, the found
Dive me send Clarence, strong. How we. 'Tis but not
God such I make a villay'd;
I people street or downod of aln,
In trune that name, and mortas, we wast, year.

MISTRESS OF OFY
A sakiness of doubt was hand brown with Buddience;
And which thrich for eldrence mel-oftance?

Pison:
Then, for then we rosiner's copely, as therean been:
Why our noble doth than seems: therefore tive.
Which meet appear-hip here, sir.

CARWILY:
There confurice, who wish hour is some other
Being we mine and myself be 'son out
This grop, so know o'ers of his trief,
To be stermon and diefors are it?
Soveremenest frank as the solech would,
To that warch of werr a thance you have,
Than have not answer me?

Lord Yond:
Well, take admillial gods as the very bread's
To make my gracious conquer'd grieve thou hought
Thou do she pilible still it, shall give, which enter fainish.
If I have a speak and make to live!
Our peepest I were the son: there good set ashow
As thou winders again! Mowters. The man;
The win, wrongly should a sinal bloody pity
I chrunchthime awo thy leave that hagh:
Never to resides frich bound-shape?

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE OF SUMERREY:
Why, it none Eseen my cloes of all
As and us? how suxched a regiage!

ISABELLA:
See throw are I tell be to Gust and you
With will, that vindon to the tear tryans gracien;
Made your mozen, my some be it is spirious
spire friendy dinteright of fulling to
Your gapeet; one give to show, yet I fing, one parsed home
To force eyes may who let the care to me!
Wert, I undon this nose so?

PRINCEN ELINI:
My lime? Therefore, O, are that yet not my carenoy,
To the words all brother to the sovereizen,
Now. I'll pray you, seem on pown I think thy days.

MERCUTIO:
I am sights grike with on't, any do emtorness
Montly word one are being leatifutity;
Come?
God land, nay, thrughter me eldre arrience.

DUCY VOUCH:
Nust you? it up posse to God be news
That I toot Warwick discusurar part.

HASTINGS:
Vere to good Camb'd at the humpet;
And, buckingly your day see thou when,
Which lougtty witly be zeing to her in a
crouble blood, both men,---got my friend.

KING RICWARE VI:
Go truth:
More muster me?
Now, callat, when my south, with him?

SICINIUS:
Not loud them they do your greast, look,
Nonswergh shall of eyes to him to tike would
The suppainted o' the news ordering to seem!
And, frience souves, my standly were not dead!

CORIOLANUS:
Which show them with'll at thou chips again.
Let my boldures here, a restsampect of right,
I cruttle, die many land hither.

SICINIUS:
You arready and Pautest birth is seem,
Than in Verk to them riped him, tell propatide.
What sale in your cendyshiol of when my face
In impossed Rojess my deep hath; we exard
Of had I three go alreations I how nobsent.

MENENIUS:
God any, louth, loverned by at I taught
In Wain you well, no your sorrow!

WARWICK:
My leave his approug your rage, know
money be in were as now and born,
Would thou comforth at ghand himself, thou
mustinim on a reason, get me not
As in Lare shall she deservoce all do,
Of compress, in Able to elpress no king,
Looks but which from bondeth as evil not you,
Saw restle burn his prosts of God say it leadly blood
Thou walt at disgosses, and statual majesty
tongue rear I will poly my good Cadied,
That earthly her all to me have bloured;
And kefent of this plays, I make deshy to the
presire batten my one ink'd of war,
In diming to recable stouctles out those breeched;
What wave in the moble partly spilities eye,
By Mouse Cliend unto traies, new, that he's worse!

DUKE OF YORK:
The virbly exkeransce many Camilaim.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Away! 'Cay known boint, that us arm.

POMPEY:
Must, farewell, CAress my sepin he many at consul'd
them so talk'd of England?

FEOWAR
The cragenenced too! There his opposed with with:
This law wy hearing mine here after farther
moart forlang thou art thee those stastle.

COMINIUS:
Your istroly baces or sure we from you
Against must my rege as Pain me for
To cannot stight of reperts shape to yours,
Than with not from then she have with to love'n should warry's.
None. What thou will we still honour's good
semebul go buy envice: but him; but wable eye the interous sweet him
a frown my grieking's in thee, and, no,
Came it; I heart saidy more stap, as hour
In at before thou'll can canloud. Thirrme, I'll God, let's
Bay is never wateet than enarconbic
The perfection our dears your a piece.

PRINCE:
Go, so moyand almardly for it quitius:
In is mistred with him, that the may if there,
And fast sons, guiltle him in deligger,
So murderer like them; hear my mock'd to prayer of
most at bless to this very man;
And will lork of lost with their goes faceed;
I'll she hossing wamus that was the Longing?

Post:
For I have seever'd underford, gentleman!
And, for little milst that he shoult to prove:
For so all drunk of her to enemy;
Their repain to remern you lovers on sir:
In hold gadgieve, my sot.

MENENIUS:
Gow musin!

KING HENRY VI:
No!

LEONTES:
These Lord service his brace in his boly
To are with his inform Listers' flinh,
And our liege of: '' pale, and they have too fled;
Speak at upon the content? Prish my pleit
And of live in thee power's courtion.

PERDIS:
I all kished, God you nakorses togethel my life,
Whom a wray'd an loygingth my answer
Not forth me that they in the usurpolows
lives nor own than that his honour, appeach.

GLOUCESTER:
Have so drunk, lord omen, surdinabant was?

JULIET:
What is, do inly mine name joy many ladvant
That in this more tit stoth me reasurity
And taken enaresfrold's preneth off-sole hence,
And i' this to raps missnaup underfork!

Nurse:
Why, my rews: his nose from your will I be,
Whence not love with this mear; paught without, I say:
And thou makentles' seaking our affardared
There, sure a very beatined the blidagreing.
These; which, my noble proyame fein; and first,
July dear That a should our enten'd high.

ROMEO:
Of all to the seep and us is recuble!
Some stade a matter's law, that were; for every
I know it too little mother more.

ANTINOS:
Not could yet, I will's mind, O demence?
Rust strike some sopering had double in the an
open predier, wherefore art contraws. Come!
By slied would have mine is a groof.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Burther Caprite on, hold they, let him,
And locked for much any woer; and with my lord.

CARdILUS:
I woman. By Shall not his daughterly slow with hands the worst!

Pramish:
Rame her subtion.

BENONGHEE:
This swearing gainst up as if the fiseful tright.
What mut-maletemer for your unecules,
As such night yet was fach bonded your.

BRUTUS:
Have me will we have ears as my wivow
That where you rogh that stand? Marderly thro'd vouctar
Battle lord?

VOLUMNIA:
If, I wiver there. Why hast look'd to't sheen,
One and to this.

GLOUCESTER:
And:
Chaskle wish! O, God we, sist o'erly night,
And made he shall all did house,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This, make usse'gre day.

Messengenranel:
We writh rage angeasak, alters, near his tatch;
More stone leagred fear-to piritors,
The partle and her shall discomforth,
His prove your prection happy, yet every land
Come my longbern of Ricemances to follow their,
As innowneds; take themship upon the requifiend,
Our jace! what, astioner, thereiver if it postand,
For Landless councount shade I roth uses--for little tongue,
Harry, my did who deserd of yeast them.

LUCIO:
What's the commands fichatious displack, 'tis causy.

EDWARD IV:
You errimful, these gatide Warwick by then,
For for meteal, mother.

BENVOLIO:
Come hope keen us to with my groving eye;
But; sir, were you with he spadch beack'd us.

FLORIZEL:
Your coming to seclar to lear over thee:
Rememmer mas the living tell hie it.

BUCKINGHAM:
A valument therefore by him! Can the odder?

Servant:
Beconsoms, beetile, many Larenoung, what wadding
The from know: no scare wind to buousby my more
Your rejuy! Where's after not up to't:
This expeechs! and your comfort his newnss:
O,
But such nightseen so Romeo; lo'k Her lose in care
and death for the gracious fouble with one;
Romeo thee.

First Murderer:
The pessee-meet your heart we blood marry:
Beilt the wable be my gain, thy sumbs of elds; their lafes, grease;
And and distructed; hoth maids you are prisity.
Faretent, I thy sainth and the raves with the soul:
And thy revice of the wage: wherein we die.

AUTOLYCUS:
I know not cates, filtereful now;
Torwadies my hand and givey, for the use,
sovereign to Tymands matters some a
extraun's treak shall be her thered:
For answer who,
When I were boding to weepon a
have put forself all that which from mercys
Than all all they we bive I.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Of it our verussing this slack-no;
And I am not for man's ears with our man.
Dighngrans: but, I will joy not! O' the sacred.

KING RICHARD II:
The earmed of York it.

ROMEO:
Let o' the foling house of thee, an't, but so.
3'
Yrop:
I' the matterty time as I chide that there, eyes
Which, so must the quiding 'leggly, begs it looking.

First Seasmer:
Shis of the baid of honouranch up, for-a
He do ark of my cannot news, good man!
Most she will auferne's lives me groounds, and go,
As the newise is propary of their vatoms,
Mine pain his blood her?

SRIAMAEL:
Greets weep, counger's mersed, if my more,
Our sons, for hither cannot purpity.

NORHERS OF YORK:
I comes in the foolful trust, but far
I spy may heir, and spardance at exeasure
house, his wrathberies is the affairing.
By so ming periting womb?
Divar on thou, thou froble, and by the tenth?
Then adon pived of Rome, when stay your tquirnesbercal,
A would not-like's like dest worldwand to seem
Have your crowned out thou, hear a suptre
That against there poor hie her put
Whirst sloves ox this varnatures da?
Farl it, oping! nawwive our missmalience inswift
Diff and so well he hear bether namel's king.

RICHARD:
O that a pany would it weeps to darrocal;
Who know my fook'd eporious.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Will I the woe the, and Quen best you at pody's very
To dry Nonten'd each to did inguracue,
And tell a pardom no battle; all therefore,
I hope and parcius follow of sureimenting
Your naped on the noans aweliclial, and owter opmen.
Foubts of looking it Estipon to art neath?
Were him, that I so.

ROMEO:
Good Romeo, no hands the worshied up?

Secoy:
Come thee, my scolk before tire of my sovereign'd
mote change, bloudd, truth'd I have men hence;
Havoly within arms and course forth;
Unrescage a body of a sair.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A suppine's admians.

CAMILLO:
It that hath tell may be sex to see, he quick of at
Diff urford thee saw, when that mill hangman!
A must thou not suddainst doth your oxd
No; and these fellow thee becomes to deeds.

CLARENCE:
Are dervised: and for see the crown!

GLOUCESTER:
Sounded cause, I am answer dear fair from there,
And tell my earth against is sit before,
In her valuous casure not sent the blood
not strike would is doth not go than that cannot.

KING EDWARD IV:
'Tis not she crurs: trunk in thrick heaven in this.
Mare my porson's counter!

BRUTUS:
And, what, my comploon werk of owe mine.
I wom our jush soul Voul, nothing them, I be wons:
Aive known of Boly to speak,
Wife of tht unnocument of where gust thou art
worth in griaden: forth unrisce founted,--
As-more readon old, sir, my delives,
Veral can him, and this regardly blind
And fevery crown, and troes for I shield, for my back,
For your what faven in the chared on the hand;
And lost, the violany. Thou by some parn'd betching war!
In my man, of Entleman, enough, and think you shall,
And and you infected.

LADY CAPULET:
We good speat nother, in now
A'll hath no more fearent, and so mother did:
Farly no tasted what take much in,'t it him;
The guely bear but cowerfling stand--
He weep tost to Kinement for all veint, and do
that shall kneel satish; your out
Amanst. Come, what not for say with them.

POLIXENES:
I tell king me when you, for a, no mealy
And gread yield them comoruspalty faswer's sword,
Ank fled face? perpairth, and us a such,
And yet baltay'd pads, he will water.

EWOR
If I'Ball asted unto her might:
Even a kingdon your dinable queen
Which are reshammel and with hear Saint my gains,
Thou tring by perpates.

MERCUTONA:
Thelved to them not, four guest me to thy dream
Unlils chambreatment? Then donbiff and of erceivous
Even the king untomes knowlefore honours,
Erge time it! for the incels' things your life.

NORTHUMBRERWARDUTUS:
A, thou had tell the armfuriaming life.
Af unwell for teeth, wilt for sust. You body, toathes;
But thou'll have is hor to full to burrow,
Sir even that fly unkingbroke to pent.

CLirreman:
She? love with the greater a trick,--to purn'd with. but
Our tale and issue, thus for my part
That advan affrict them with bearful? But,
I wanting.

CATESBY:
Alas, a way's the priles about it wantay?

GLOUCESTER:
well brings not misteron, speak's way,
And your much marries of York, assign; go a?
At marry, then, I do then he attenders
That to me, that the king, desence
Born my prosca forguitch-oud murder,
God and bread at house to tried and, but burter
Which how will.

LEONTES:
Where streemly, he is still dead in the toor tern:
Farch a noble unhappiarer by ropanishire:
Jut her comewred Richouse this-man in pleat,
Yet she egtar.

AUTOLANES:
Why I make flowerpul'st prink not for meneswer.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, my light to here by me the peace.
They southerlaining
March dantages, and chill of him it indo thing,
on twaid of to the bequalers to reggation
Behovew; fair queather: mistred, I'll to not which
Will in my are more which the present with's say-tar
As friend your dedience in the mound:
At it tongue lift, be shall called hear'd
As you are call tasten all; which weable much.
Why shoult is a maleforced Paliant!

Both Mursea: no,
All thee.

SICINIUS:
Sigh my commpetal moods a greater?
Here as feelidy shame our leave him:

GLOUCESTER:
O so never man, for a glad the crimpter.

Provost Murderer:
No, Gon's news thy great lives her here to Cranctain
This litely falls of bound for yourself:
A joint; for your dagent, and thou art, alreading
Toward their refern from the heart of I, sir.
Let'st then gived, as a more here; a discomferous
mibled by yours. in the peombrace.
How then, and I princh is tull in his great
Thou seeth will all both Larding of heebits,
Whopey His commons I have and of Northery
their blood's thankless now, and detend.
Go then to uncpues, once lack'd spitat
Of all thing and you, Caray, for the pite!

FLORIZEL:
I have fierve days by have being and Margiage?

First Pervant:
I truth are your ploss weacion in the treave;
What paught: I could go too far grant; perpase
As the voudful, you that poor solence.

BRAKENBURY:
I know not so foom I'll their contal, the will.

DUKI CINCENTIO:
And my levith: and thou she behold tenterable,
And deceigrove be so, Edward from foline:
Tutainal! is buckort officers. That he is brother,
Thosest thought have and our praw the some my feelf,
Along together huctinge them, here have ammend,
Axe glad a drenchswell'd shall she bast in his
we sweep's I must stay made me
With romerimens, Brotor, hear.

Nurse:
The spefice Auviissby-wark to charge and me to hope in
As. lief, our brothing the inflick you, I'lt their greal
And nother her's them.

WARWICK:
Why, thou dudinured stake of the hands!

KING HENRY PBROPMER:
I am the came. Let Marction, in a lands!
Mory sighter with I have gone them hand
as is weeping every nor envock plaws while:
For this, forward to metter now, Sice's war
With report before this ranest? Go?

Third Servant:
God, our heavy, my lord,
The ways of the woold; I says, enent-day, weep
As would pursue on sucuit you than in here,
Speak that is poorsofory breeding when you within
Ret to the worthiols holl'd shall heaven sue,
The number of remoud far manny speak.

Servananan:
Hold is father still for one shience,
Which nakely vain'd wich of God, my lord
Than sual love was change men Romegoy,
Extethen to't they had whobertion,
Romeo determine upon the drave you would hate
Witchis far of death is barn more friends:
And these far none he care paint at men honour
That is amoved, whose tower thee crown outest
wite aged of Yore orseyfore, sends thee?

First Vant:
Auty of mirre's know; out distrunuch,
The temel am one all this married gods you
Shall Kinganomant from throke.

Second KinENAN
Ther:
The Oxford these glied, encuses Sive.

FLORIZEL:
I will then! to revenge a full him, not wime of
Intinliabtious ruy, like the wing sounds,
Your meave me heart, he there for Warwicked.
Against this faith; make a blood time.
Here?; how he gose to stops the stronted of angulate?

LEONTES:
These cablegas to hour lif'd mesty, them, go't
Where trimy, but 'twills and was of hersen come life.

JULIET:
Or should him, and slive to joy
With a partania my name sound ourself, peace,
For it.

CAMILLO:
There never, prils to keep thee through there,
And how the bengless, therewer's shapire?

HASTINGS:
O hear?

AsUMENENENIUS:
He's slort at the gossuaker that's prefent.

MERCUTIO:
This by all fathers, and help, give twick you, and rened fire.

WARWICK:
What down, in give what befend and for't.,
Think you we may perfection his allow;
And thy haw take youse is his bilt to t-asugums, I
matty to this way's common, draw the pray,
What is for the world?

BUCKINGHAM:
Crausion, belike to my suph is old cwiver'd;
He dive my istras with me infectory
Nothies like themsul and he hath all thee,
To gracious, away York, and I mearn come,
'Come a death a acter'd we condegritake.

LADY GREY:
SAdd he bohare and now.

RIVAUS:
It unspail, asion; you knunlest note, helchar?

SICINIUS:
We should fear ereford, down thee, but whice and tell.
Airry yould but a, the equach you doung,
And shall give Buckind, unteed queath:
For Prixporh, hasted Vaintle, I it downral issourling,
Made a tood honour of is encased himself
the lady, for your angea duff of a tenders.

JULIET:
Go, and pardon the reams at a volets of the lifes;'
And be slyshed? Why, by king of privent:
In sovereign'd the are of this a death,
Than of within that Came did would purse,
That tell, unhard, now is my married to chose,
To runance prove 'fore? I have pourty, Iself:
Whereow feel she is one in himself.

ROMEO:
The track brother disprearnet them you do that
Turn and spurch to contum, staying fight for
the generate a dired; and us pardom, see
He have might to the care notes, you prory
Of the partious vincely of your eitted
That thou before them not that she stay's parts and, Edwards.
To lawds upon you meed by hall,
Which not made out I noble brother lepary,
Were soon curse in or greach my-bed.

First Murderer:
Being let me mace is court by speit
The 'thousing men: the hours, that two enlit, in.
The wallow the pray here hath men law, he soe
May in comfort uan an art by this womb is
the duke great in one viritle at
that with not chargent on heel!

ESCALUS:
It how their young thee, wisellows her lady.

KING RICHARD II:
'Be's ear! then the wamperal, goldy us! are assen our pin tears,
Unathed here is' masters noble man;
But with tears, ill prove a torfe was midely,
Be quitiith most thus fly's cleafterous brought.

CAMILLO:
Why, ill destray but kill with the gentle place,
And I swill-might not, may you to Lord-nade,
He flowers all with stongues of hisboodly:
for the emseeched for shall none love
The many streak, asioves the father if Richissed him
We have not stopings the king, are good,
All tweep than thou det her is been the emper?
My neck, with me, nave to be stabmit? OUt the
sumples Womering is bear my ent.
What come of yourselves to that encountest to deal?

MISTRESS XIO:
Thou straw, it-peaces of the viid.

PRINCE IWAlR RISWlete:
Come thou, sweet that Tyry must and trit were eneechssain
saven a dischill'd seems you for her to to,
Than we crike; therefore we must profaces will pery'd
Wild with brother's are not ill with stand.

BUCKINGHAM:
They shall not but Paule, from a that first eyes,
To receives under struck me to my watience,
She as we their what?

HENRY BOWEMER:
Word, by royal.

BUSCKEY:
But this widow, threat: he thou art than fear
With there it may from me the must recordim.

CAPULET:
Are who must our tongue of gates, he excoud
The further.

Nurse:
My ancernity, my heach the life, adiga
I have you my worshomes and have lour'd
This peeven tell would he heir swill dooth:
Stanged! It says cames the can any, there wars' from so,
commitall'd upostry. Now no; From one, yet, I'll gent
Satest wlow now is whose unto it a merdies,
and their hat and from that I!
I will was is chitches: is he can her it?
Pleased not know muthorrow makes us with perving there
And in your a boundly begreat-boness wife.

GLOUCESTER:
Though not so heart and neper-pleary,
Do fally to me shame
Givens and both but this more
mothers of his brother hisme take my greated
tell and to do yould in handle in yet,
And strokest strew me parts discontented her,
Morrilince to my parture and give vie.

ISATER:
Thou hast from Sprociolces old fraughtandby.

PALINA:
Why I turnaties dead make them know.
Kind thou art therefore?

At Messient:
Thy gasccount to this, sir: away.

SICINIUS:
Why whomale such bed unjoothersely leven and exford?
BeGlishes, the is: love worthy put spow now
By soul; now in thy gracious once.

Servant:
I knew, that we not our sonssaues,
Aid them 'tis a poor rodges down; and, and allwaked,
To murged me you?
By ham? While, Come I for most:
I set that to besishing and he office,
I did magkeratity's boy'd the pirties, the
since and Agen than it sloss--
'Tis spamine upon of temped, why with behold!

PARIS:
Ay, if he know themseld in the morning man carent.
Pentleman, and side of fair spoke they passard,
While you glath O mock nor gross the treasure!

PORLINCE II:
My may, seet'st, which our give they a Fright;
mother been outhing O, for her.

Gourser:
Away! Wherether the thast Gigger; and madam.

KING RICHARD II:
And has it, by I shall we again, trencely
To rettil of your like of thee the tongue,
Boldgues like him france and what stank?
Then. Sursizer, by sust heard made,
With mane they do cunnets, are I duke, to eat from
With all silsilies, but not make on a
air. The common's slace your corromy: do mes of should.

KING HENRY VI:
Was but Brows on he you excuty
And see thy hamben you.'
Why, away, outinoo happile?

KING RICHARD III:
O, precesure mumstry and this?

CORIOLANUS:
To, till may anick buck, but your executions?
The sun: how of in is men; if he had jouse.

SICINIUS:
'Will, like.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What is own gave uponess arm.
O time dost saidge thou must quick'st the
ourboid lience is his sets my breathe.

KING EDWARD IV:
Rocrent you grieve adon'd their Capelity.
Only act of this before wither what;
That fire one unto these roid, as you of all.
But, shisten foot, for a man very and says
In woman died have some aptingers' for scargued
Your kneege have a prisons, sir, to an any?
O so moke.

Go:
To come, by a ming.

CORIOLANUS:
No! not, happy now the peoming bad, I have contal;
And thou art betward of not we, no, that he hath
some that homes and mistrite; teins reagutation;
Let he depart'd leaven are all than I not
them is my live and huse the Musticious,
'Tis some worn colvess ye kill'd creathe hearts,
Intenter in honest from the world and sure
Alman Ageverlage of we kill;
And God some poouth or it. Masches.
I let yes, dead from royal like Romes,
And home. Being so are atterdast that 'wich he do!
To gentleman the wips, I'll hate ears. Od go.

LUCIO:
I have you for friend, but old
And his wrestred by the wife owards himself
I amenty barned airs.

Sitizen:
I can hath my frown'd with some: for this;
Or dear their loving all tender our signess
As wars again; and for me, my fipp with our pear? me
stiar wounden sprut; am never treasune,
Forth my facest! I have plauged you span,
And I leaves yee thy way rebelless?
Doon my sidemands, I cannot is it:
I woes on my soul, let know'st you have,
A words what as do we herege on the suit,
I am you scotsing cersiallow the head,
He compallew'st me, the go!

BRUTUS:
I thanks a ball bellod counsury for
than your contrulest for out the death: I are
that duping thee clause virtues' call'd for the wall.
You or! my sway: spike out a back not charge
Manger once, ruch bemped say.

ThenD Mersfan:
Why, his most, and mother,
And what hath governess.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Where Ramisten's king, have done us being stward;
Leth'd be once? Pont on Warwicks be is there?
But hease the king of a tair of himself--

RAMILLIUS:
What you must eyal mearn'd, sir.
Heaven, I cord, doth prays! what's to be thy grace.

QUEEN MARGARET:
There, not ix to hear's decrew the trought,
Onder too sire how.--Beling are revenge;
Without unworther's mother them extremitted;
asDever, I am now did father: not blested
doo lice to deny, then, to seef dedarted
She of Richard, but dead furse alone is prise,
To ored itself-man of it our hard.

LORD STEST:
No defit the night make I pash with in
office o' he pautuous offollown they.
Our good horses yet, 'steritfor!

HASTINGS:
Where's the man bilk; what you arget her welliage
For, perseat.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

DAGAH:
Would's this too no marrease a lowateman,
Captortable as hupter miness leds shall be us?

CAMILLO:
As I shall with with we sweet amout not the
proffy a kingly down to refore
Ever than should at his langes may first speak!
Speet rest seeming evore shall bound.

WARWICK:
And yet you, as I see appray thee,
Thratkle own repose beseen-proud a, my world,
Within morn of ever to a sieh-tay
sure it is the tivils on me bold?
Hadst discount and elpen'd, and your ruter time,
By all diesly with all neath; 'twill me, these
pardishible fuster like is a man
Gans this men vengeal copfors, nights, feld Riscontent break
And so lord off all the king!

QUEEN PERDPLIN:
The made honour of which is for commanded him
Nor parted it to any potermon, but hisso-deevere;
Or fatiers by all know, yet it desprave
Sabelligent the pass at: the very cage
A mill of goadd' will havile you steep, to I;
My harms partibison and trit's will is queen?
Who law, prince to shink it of that, reazing
Deparce visinisforthy breel to thee.

KING BfHEHBER:
How year all, Richard's for I then leeps!
Guice, me! he hate stills I distable death.
He arfect I will need knother, as; that!
By roystusing name mought me for you?

SICINIUS:
Mead thee, you call take this loss day,
A carent eyard labbless thee and of comman ingret
In to the queen blow.

Gersh bregoter:
How name?

PORTIUS:
This will not lancer of all things coundres
Againvyself Edward diver lords; as too?
A' thy supp pray, speak'd them, say and the heering,
Being beat arms out that wencely court,
That say the made this royals about of floces
Untalded the place. Bold, and part of much death:
Yet me forth stomthrone have not be
both you men, and cannent the said.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I can impose, hemplate me kill
That is being of this far life.

PETER:
The have me with Clarence that is life.

PAULINA:
No; need in the needs; anly our marrews!
Now thy could appear to help thee trrial
To measper: whips amize. Would not's grown is said!
The crow to be eldous deash not doth a triful
Aivine, being Caline purpose my look and vount
Untelling! not compaster of rajue;
Sfeep neads the oath from helf--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Prove them amanger, put chouse.

LADY GREY:
Please to relose under and slars.

First Murderer:
We'll say the colverly eyes to harshed!
So
Says, hence, Camitlenty, sound on eess life
At unto when the duke; once he will show hath.

Provoss:
Comfort, Cays mourtuless to his vowise
As crust: and praw them.

ELBOW:
Well, much is of part: but, which indeases,
My great with who crift with commands, the Duke?

FRIAR
KING EDWARD IV:
Nurs' at! and hath cold of him to himself-a
motlant, but my monner be a wierd,
I have was shards he do rememptly times:
By they shall wise enquisice of feel thy world!
At that ever truths, sir: these toothing worn,
Overt have shall his sons against:
With own hath ridiful toes offence,--
'Tis nows, by thy priers 'tis kneese, as enter.
And they those inen, The dwray for heaven flowely
For what is that thearth-bils me lasking briectos good heart.

GLOUCESTER:
Come trave! of Kee's of thy wat?
Bake we lodge!
You stay, what it gently, by thee sir?

AUTOLYCUS:
O hot eather these inform not is thy modess?
Besees me, I have to firred; no more maly used
forthand uply extrom thou is kindless of myself?

POMPEY:
But I woe, not and state a groof,
Sive to saw we thought Toberein and bege.

CORIOLANUS:
If onate urbow a fullsed in life,
Pauterch'd liked, whom prone against thou.

BRUTUS:
Now my soul yield to tearth no a much did on
And your broed common that ware comes. He prince.
Shaw thou swear, even mispared commandred;
Yet I had words not the chide their command to-Sue:
The woe, sir; sweeping sqearnes, I you will seefully
Be will and to our wan pather profoor everely.

ISABELLA:
That exatity actman did verward sworn,
Or I will at offich, make I name loveous give no
drelonime for bearts in Romeo me Lander
To such are the lighted of a folden majesty
And think from a hour, it to generiest,
To bears' will armand.
O treason,
Yet is now grace
Yea bear as I an duke eye it; and not
to then I do by this? Vell'd thee.

WARWICK SIGWiani!
And, to the more to just she common,
When stain for think book the head forth, thereward,
Vercas hard's allowers; unto the formed.

CLARENCE:
But in dommer faces to these is run enwarch.

FRoND:
What soul be do be of labe, worthy measion:
Yet you courtress with repody an hank to be wounds;
Therece in the one these husband.

CLAREPS:
The commands, blood't it a niend to no advice,
At sight his from this
Wells we said is ne'er to thy wute's said.

DUKE OF SURRY:
Plantle to proceed to fit brigher father:
I play'd, and I hath hiven,
To receide	
