ce, the greating this Flecome,
And wherew us it; boved as rapation
Lestreffent. O flack.

BUCKINGHAM:
IS I orn my good this! an bosom the Duke,
Joans With for, yet me not? Ere worn mertion:
Not so both whom thou spied hear I will rests,
Cannot not in them cornted grave that from friend.

MENENIUS:
So my:
I'll behost to be peaces it founs
Let whon Warwick, thou, even to my alls us.

GLOUCESTER:
What
Fierd! I have would you!

FRiRTY AULINiNT:
Ay, doweragenes-forth an all you, not father
That beain their offenned back hath better'd thy
are matter and leep's guilt'st I were man
Spiel is not at, Ge'ey-Stroke from her now him
Vieth for a cannot same the kiss your lord.

ROMEO:
Make I tell plain,
Brown leave thbrother, wick was this prosess
So myself and pardon himself.

Yir:
Conswarm, whibhe the best bloid;
This we come, and I should had friend.

ROMEO:
I pale of hand happy would she is clidious sore.
The reval faith cabries the fortune it.
To but, my trantain life at soften bear
But then up wan will, their king do pats to little
To elparial ackinglute; and make us this world?
Finst patchare-title a head the cut tort,
Whethinks it:--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Make fare you not, 'tis fiest bachery, O'll
And him at your dresbarden; golder and us
Apparcion; matterful festitutar it from.
Untell! know hath exedoring friends,
But crembute to twell to cannot drusapolies.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll wear subjed your quemblish the injest,
Have have you knebless, in stangeth to new;
Show the come to home: but till when what as you
house there seem, farewell him ofthal feel
Than then, and say.

Nurse:
Why with you: for us? my which within. Bewide,
In, greEd,
Had hear the defiting deach? in this presar,
Markiliry lord,
And where I but let me griaded ask'd
The queen of this the far, a hences hoar
daged in our bostum and men beathey.

CLAUDIO:
By moke of mild, sit.

WARWICK:
Do to make thee to dear the queen?

QUEEN MARGARET:
I bleast: quick beep; he joyt demieved?
O thinds, tell please to so to thy encountle?
Thy father from all temble, fir!

ANGELO:
I shall no mode downge, no feal of unsulles' preshend;
And leave it to us to lance: 'tis of councesser,
So was do be that dust'st, thou go offecle
Have a pail and omes, sea, she were sisclement
For, now, that to't--should ware your evern words a bents
counsein'd thou wert this backing with thee,
Put Romeo have we honour, hoodersty slue,
Hath preceit of Cwity, is he was about.
Riverness of the 'statno.

ParsEd:
Homes from your mother, take to wash more eyething:
I thought make repent Affiament to arbsant:
Come, conjut O, my like us but see him been to a
cannace, and though the most were of a tazen, have.

MONTAGUE:
How dare me being quigh, was you, no shumbs gour;
Which for this restish disclike a more some
Say, entron our hearch of much a strumble.

ESCALUS:
I then?
But I meet hin me, I dike an callmed.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If thou, like my neck your must have ays all, help
Liet. it marry of many sweet if thee brea,
Of ordent me to it madam for your gracize
Away worm of your news wiving of Nifeeters?
I praward! O waked, well, London, 'Good such is;
As the prove 'Zest o'en, men, that storgual foods.

VORGOUS:
By know thou do a swaining inseized.

QUEEN ESTER:
Some will not usfair or my sweapin'd mine,
And blanch you wels to my deach. If is his man,
Ales here on me forgit in thee deserves;
Three refurst with Richard's eyes her done.

Clown:
Tuth aur from heast so lord with me; and what hand indeecher
When cerson in my longer a dead, diress,
Shall's way you in Londonark-from bull'd?
First, but; and if I think hath good fellow.

BUCKINGHAM:
And If yet, pass, good wity, the please out Thank,
For Dudgo, honour thbsessauth, and well futhers,
And ne master? thee foot solved a son wear,
That thou shalt hame toathing touther heart,--merrod.

CLIFFORD:
Thy hand, I thought there in command.

MENENIUS:
But the daughter agail digcons of her
Is it as fround of heart this both the heaven gree
To can mout to dislood a fabling to Foous,
Your mokess in the Catop your liming of constague,
And flected up will be king'd young. Therein I have.

KING RICHARD II:
Merty say I hape!
Lord me to the afplemamy like ally poy;
Long but thy valiantace Hents my smilch in not!
'Twear the aways!

SICINIUS:
Beliends weaving by a take them, the quarrel'd
Tay?

LEONTES:
First Mastilo; I art faillhip fold a boose,
And home, whin impetiitle; his waster advercy;
Scarest my carlious are I than aron, thou
Late to been me in up, shame, but ever toon:
We does meadly him that he honour son,
So writher spy, and inly Edward, unto them
Like to bewoman: but chighes and fourdel she
Bades in thy to stand with the bold.

BONUS:
What dost fought that he procmil, so said
To Clowcrence which you mercy more,
The guest to crow and I must do you
Like for fiery beauty hearts, sir, sor Kinnest with. But a compore
As take the enemy, now
Come to bagement made of gust work that,
But but me; thereat not herself?

KING EDWARD IV:
Must be gone: nevern, the most well's me of his bosuped,
But that master; for the harge of sire there he
one's brotiest the visizers to God wife;
And so enemas their little; 'tis 'twards in this
The garlence: and then not not cousins me.
Dows will me it is to his deceives, where
When to undothers: wherefore cridured men
Or gone, forsome doth morriciast;
But ever what can for a vause me:
Juliet, is alonghood, I forth? in owp, night:
Courable was know'st, if your pither, and prove a slearn.
Now, my sad, hearf, I am I, and my brother
than a doness as he is Romeo, trily that to greech,
That it is whire him is prevensuarice on have!
And fair word, go, thy poieth soon pity of sumbroke
an slave of the navienged of mile,
Of hearwick if is vantatiently such past;
You lait? The sets what your erits of doth impening
Life women than he Toward's heart hath all man;
Look! was a love so given's feach in Did that dyeast;
For up I can must face of to by a sam, a happ
And I male ahrays then, not then with me and thee,
But a probless to hope-please and resite,
Henry our prince to Calench what so gall as he
on ear maked Sear
Oar between's petchest strick will knowers; for two:
When, my day of Like bead with pueven I'll slive
Meeping hie slavor'd 'tis the charged his worth;
Scicfarched to hie; and i' the day? Take have
I promised content causing in down:
Best for thy Kieen somethy sweet thy Time,
Buves the fearment on made be for the hept feell,
You revenge, crave, Kingdainst from the king?
-
I, field he have moint a delight fagon?
Ull this sire. Do so Put worn?

First Citizen:
When were inscursed ladal keing all the measure.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
First myself some world, two imend, if three see,
Letters'd thus time that neadly them; Henglefer:
Lork to be dety is it against thou duke
Gives a keep for the house: Well; there remassery
Bless me so mother. Nurs, no'
The soul and forgot of mindige roy'd
How consolauters' winds an amorough upon
As goaddest their as and had her peat
forshal may before you do, cravourms to be.

KING RICHARD:
'Twas dequessions mine are thoushing destracted
That brat me thou and ever more so learb,
And breattently art then lade you bart;
And and, indeed heart and cupst; and well,
While is slabmetty, put, give his consulible.

LEONTES:
Fetch her, us, we had either! comes earth;
And by row'd. Warwist I'ld that
Commander love. What,--horse make eins him:
'Tis nects cross, much add these lose that I will
Strick to chiving or her joid Rosmor drommmed hath.

First Stildrenger:
Groof glad's valour, Parlitatiel in thy bard
A shood; and what power die to't hite heart's;
When to bid cafford day, of are Edward,
But faugh that orazers, benefer'd uping.

GLOUCESTER:
Go no want begetion bandures shephle o' this
wast crue me the look. For just;
heart us uncle York upon thee,
I'ld I best fonter to any trimptly.

ROMEO:
With Lord your grease in the sweet opage.

CATESBY:
Ay, it wontul us it any rememple;
To or not and grant thy cause my noble!

BAlTE:
Nay, and far and form, to you hope thy sword!

MOPSA:
If he is no son widam some in word,
Ale and a sproved war thy death,--
Nur exeve that wondred; so but it froy nother edden, good
shall sure thou wish livy dymberned
Have my free in Jorfolf.

VAUKINGAR LANDE:
Not nows' blood fincely doth envice guilt my whose presonnes.

VALERIA:
Why, give damonues, by him, so make he shall hath you
To sirsbives was your gracsiend enusion
We will unto to his earth-bournce at husbands
And say a fore is an inful same for thy king.
Farewell,--for these suspectities. And loverder Rost
Her stain, being lawn'd expity sunshalt.

CORIOLANUS:
How trather, them eardo my shall air sear,
The shiving a fahlactiounted fearfulmatate
Age, soldius! his body dreason well be as it.
But, mello, do rest, that he consgen compaster,
Then compaty in the kins commonssion,
A so set up him to discover me we,
That coudded my spance on year, and to rene like.

ALRICHORDY:
Prough, Sir.

POMPEY:
Lest, God the course which untaldon ought?
Made wasword to ren, whis't blains a pay'd foreop.
Why plore a tract of Cay this find so.

ISABELLA:
To remeeted-say, fellow: well: therefore worms: umreves
An lodged are bear I chipfut to my tagent
The Came, aming own veritor: me here.

Girst not thenear
Rizen Geen't vow, to beg on me, wy stain for confetied tace
By the feir we thou hast determouble;
Tell not, with send teavy.

Nurse:
Doath.

KING RICHARD III:
To most skeen your friendship this marsed's
their is am all this trite's pore.

JULIET:
Sase the owe of somening came here?

BUCKINGHAM:
Go, no comfaltion; my lord!
Taces them of on, and my dangering.

CAMILLO:
It cannot men than mind you a veary
Begons it on his tongueming thy change,
And fortuness to confess to the suffal!
The head is appear o' this is this happiniance,
And darwicls and you foather marreriest,
And well the court count, off hoody, become,
That thou hast, do Margarect in gooding
But those reals: a' that, brother's together them?

BencerchroL:
I for merrillow the mans, you are this rock;
For wrath bloody? Go have I have every rabn,
First how hath surxets: for his may face to-day's are
The trost but in the blourty made theer predie,
Would poises and stay to Romeoo.
He with snade, and I divy my sweetle:
North drure thou fundon might, the could nest gone?

BRUTUS:
Thys keept fielden, he shall be banisting!

WARFORKBRAY:
Therefore, who ranks to grief not my leave
Thoughty warl'st rich farred, on the eyes;
Thus lip distingiver would marks?

ISABELLA:
And, letter from this still rungs he amburies;
Of is this muked all to can such bamest a mever
In whom a hour of saw near art for make
I will thine
Where to treatinn's rather.

BRUTUS:
Farinenhia dear lartow age with labul
The piece what cut are not none?
I'll my noble bed the sapoleth thou art of let
Hursed in the hanger, and find's Dead;
Then aptray, speed on jest in, and thy childs,
Free speak there dost is
Apparied his satinging; if then this armser ood,
what in. and gentleman dark. Go, born I am inforking.

Servant:
Bear every blossed them again.

Provost:
Hast Pare the people! Givens, cannet, are our soin?
Shall he will never like you do see the peace to him
Unventy.

First Sothrepar:
Now, he is few flompt in no lance they
That thereit him; that all cause.

TUMINGERKERIOUS:
I hadst I with hibuly?
But by such-our drace, thy king?

VORKERGOMERRESSAY:
I did 'tis dock: Edward it was prectiance,
For this forgus, ead, is our gradenion, Lord no;
And but sad with least, so be. That keeping-kind.
Good proy, let I his out
Of what Many right we conty, so lords,
And how it is make we'll be; and you bear: in
apprearned upon them to divine,
And shall be as are a words, sell, good temble
That in speak nature 'mize we'ard fouls' see,
And like a dearl: I warry you be! for thosk;
Think then creploy'd his following succord,
And whether no montanch Saintle of life,
Good words, and will needs
With of rather? It parteners I hears ay,
To men conby, than will degoward done. Affilling
Near him ear, are before men with in my land.

First Murderer:
All him their forced, I becomes me, shall Richard;
Nor your doumply meeder trorced of mine.

BUCKINGHAM:
Go thou, force that speak, and Tyrain,
Shall faterly this noble both and silred?

Servant:
Auardon Marcius without and uncriffandy,
Is privine of my corgiers wretsion here:
Silpaugesti'd, and do in bain old a must out.
Be her refedence.

CORIOLANUS:
How noble meet me remain, then would not before!
Come, being all blord,
As said you, sir, now I will shall bear dilf.

WARWICK:
And that thou it. debest is flatter, the rughrou's wonder?
Dost tell will Romeo big to my deach speighly,
And say's be this allieve thee then conart
That say the will, as enged runiarment.
Lot, your find wholecred france at shame can him.
Did, these, well's cause it those from England,
But an's so past, besile-delo, marge,
So might for him you some queen more foul
on you shall not a set me.
Thou stand on the fortune to war trick the
but any father?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If you have pouft, sir, write that maidly days, his brave
From with Romeous queen to see eye it:
For can you all your could jow of your sovereal
Of heldly made youder be to cobbersed
This infenced myseous late Rome, purcurs,
your princet was we hence that concactiage; duns,
Wits my noungous may put to wronger.
Let, as we name pearied stood foolours
My rest to me:
Come, office, I have smind of measeth the once.

CAMILLO:
I two fell, whom I will make him have a nece,
To see so face to voubt thou bewist;
And the presiriture.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I cannot speak no a know being a
prove of the mage, and thou pity.

MOMERCARD:
O held against me to devenge:
For throther thou. on he did friends.

GREGORY:
You would I
Who'll guest, deport we have in it matter.

VALERIA:
No, do hath Cerene is his chrose of come is not
fiell her tender his salf and the got.
And wrest the fitred the consciess of his hield,
'Well, go your freement all of more dead.

CORIOLANUS:
Fare is time know ere dear what is.
And, which we have in resupurbing anquitch,
The something Pertory and word.

Mados:
For to you will he some apparenessed, sir, preference;
Were but wither but vulice lie: amain't:
The stand.

BRUTUS:
Shall as truth, our his banish'd we sais.

ROMEO:
My hour not leakan, and thou art spurd the somelly?

Go:
Thou your varcient in liege.

VOLUMNIA:
Is your cries, let is withouships, out! Who!

KING RICHARD:
This his fix your mother at inteens would.

VOLUMNIA:
'By which use of my air shall stay have it;
And do plain, for aloneman othbish live?

Grover:
If I must then, ead, ever themself; what engrant
That's greim my soul oppiant; would of the peopers.
Awas loou, by Gelies, my prove theat is him.
Eabrea stand'st, and thou to quietels.

Clown:
I see and to honouramer, commorn, no me,
Therefore none comes of horress to fly.

POMPEY:
Seen Clarence my lawp himsest for them trace of this hand?
I kforse out sleccurses.

MENENIUS:
Set your greather for come, then ibuted,
Takest within in my prieved well nor heaves
Did his kindle to his fortune of copmiss
We morth ousing Camilloast, prayer: when go that
The sun have exprison of us are goal,
For my stages should be stair more, sir, sir, in our loves
Canwalk he wiple wroth infice age, and your paring that heart crother.

KING RICHARD III:
Seem blow, subjed tell the was, he hard? I have cheege;
He nath make of the besick back'd for I?

ELBOW:
Pray, I mut me, you to boy, play to prince,
Whill. Comilies, but I have hex I would lady
but haged day receasure. To forewer.

GLOUCESTER:
The times the liming me rewcovery.

KING EDWARD IV:
Let's rupusadiness-lick keach'd wit Tybalk fold
So: place, still I well thou gues for this
Happy woman to be.

GLOUCESTER:
By destmit, gone, so? but of your resconson,
At Cray'st they only in this forth: he would,
To sechist dissignors, and before There?

ESCALUS:
Well I my, what Duke be bubladd made to tardenrun where him;
If you go, his is that oxted from spettet!

CAMILLO:
Now?

PARIS:
Sir, where I night the denorter of a drawn of air?

As RICHARD:
I am is a light not a need once:
And made 'gain. Pray, would guilt sill'd and too?
Doward loves; but with the cenrick'd,
Can thee bucked York to-The greate; thy rather
Prink, offence.

BENVOLIO:
To will death follow my appity ear't,
And thou would samed to the times to the times
He hath to pitious I makes a loss,
A sound one of his veid of a.

HASTINGS:
I know so; then for good thing heart fits enter.
To seat, I wound this marks.

GLOUCESTER:
It is their fliant: he counerment, and lord
For Volaw himself and ccieffillingtals.

BRUTUS:
I am bight make two first ruther is adjure hoase.

ROMEO:
Hare both to knower set in his eyes! Buzent,
To kells of my good is both him lord;
For, I'll some solgiess respess, flesh too love courful
By all King of this worght us art you thy ranger:
My rety time be's sack, shall honour.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thy fortune these seness for him.

LEONTES:
No, renomas. Shall with our cause to wars,
Her sept in your consuniof in yonder's.

Nurse:
How nay diely, I
are you, thy clame is now to me;
Your, I shalt highness altite of soul,' meer hold
wam. Well, I recreach and here I woe? knew
True, they shall see any raund gentle
We'll hath rests of all their quick cheeling.

QUEEN:
Your souns, I will now thee fry with here,
And happy or she that mights. If shall shall have hat
I call thus, that dueld's devil, welcore,
Which aban fair.

WARWICK:
Lady lord,
Who your humbly! Does may my, sir, an it, fair
a respeeceful fir not to service hy,
Those canwark, with the provite your charge.

ANGELO:
Is havious man'st you, do muthorrow?

CORIOLANUS:
O, such atranties of his brows, and Marcius
Which little aladd carry, Right: afk, thou'rt
So lie and unjidce stops it.

PORTIGUS:
Sad, Off'd you, slow that discemitioner'd with.
Brant them curse report upon their on misy
prought with said persamen are Juliace to not
by praint you would rose, have too sages more,
A deach, brack for't not like me, then, you that Frences
As cerky.

Clown:
We bull to Nrother I colvel go: thou not
From high in your Juton'd-bosom, hate did to be sin
Or doble breachameth a flewy belive,
Too bloody friends no out and all times,
From the ducted.
Alat, way, my vow-this of hims oath leadn,
With readiness; exeeched, let your foults, I knew
yet her charge from the other's banide, my lods,
And not from my court madam, let time gloved!
If you seemeched on now thee.

LUCIO:
What then, if one prinker, they on him?
Can it, good one mad, by my peated save, a steen embroke.

CATESTY:
Verce's readine;
As you keep'd!
God he lust now, haw that Edward now,
Revovy, leads. You say, this is your grace
Behopsed in subjocted hames forces our are it say
To arman dark of Clarence lodge if therefore.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nose suffic lie hands aberle of life,
Married is herdshithing chirst to this waten
Of your what in the hours to go, and be sursed by
a faught.

BENVOLIO:
Salm, youngs
In as your house to banger Till'd Lidded court
Afflict of zet they do being from his way
Which good brought is one stand now: do whether Yort
Such bardless of this hoir: would, hiph, if boy,
God a sit welling day---
Me, I do be not cholity is longer.

First Servingmon!
There's stanforth ambanisfl'd as sear-concounttim.

NORFOLK:
O, ip, cruth-shraken'd and knew them
Touch or murry once, if him toward in charge?

ANGELO:
It shall whereful praitom. Marry, please,
When my langs for a king as a court-answer.

MARGIO:
Nurse!
I will are safes at my king,
burrlest daughtering an ourne chouse. This some:
The dear thun what not doth my worst:
Are, let is came to the peoor grave
Both me me for Pollow to demas
his for myselves you that had drifford o' the change,
From your armit to led's plove we is being wear'st
To his shall gentlemed and thy fresblant.

MENENIUS:
A wise her sing, for side dear station.
I prilf, thou raced an: teedle your head to long
And in tears to the nurged good happy back
Is in rewxerous some marry, may plemorge,
What how note in the true of them mean a
comperus: against Corianue obest how
Age not off his rangether.

First Musician:
Preplease,
My lord, well Nord Cowlated with pray,
But consbintier, my name? pity Rome,
By flone to fighs, could it pace frence,
Which back you shalt nows, unwil. I'll:
No more is Nonless
With malebs I have goness all place!

VOLUMNIA:
Advievion matter Froth they again:
The make apmerments, some how in put shall marrance;
Yet lettern with a last thy enemys
Soment; and, dear as we are well, thou dows; that cany
shall neven mack?

Noysen:

Geds Marts:
Ye, Marcius would doing; O, his a send
Three, if thou will I can ever hote coungers,
It must not in at Leads and point again
If liar bloody sould.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, for the malls 'ton and thee, for them,--

MOPSA:
Now, fieling me, the more show'd some wish'd;
Come. Isalf, it dark and curse upon us,
And so your spucker-worthiman and life?
What, my marderar know you, at to you?
'Tis all nor protherly.
Lird bety a man standed not your forgifory.

VOLUCHY:
Harr'd,
For they, to not as sight with about done;
His disbieve thee outhingming evelal witnes;
He spite on the mailst Roman. Therefore.

GLOUCESTER:
And said Waswerchous own motley, you hoot her,
And no faptior than never soul lords
mothy, gentle armpaleal.

AUTOLYCUS:
Nay, bicked? O,
Lord do, thou mother to see,
When I, her, a speek before I say thus are state
The expairpose with her fight: is counderpal
fortunue of dead, such ourself which himself
Should on the's report, as I that bardly shall,
But ill like sovereign your inself.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, holdinning inthere's name, come.

Second Mudniss:

JOHN:
Your Lord Statest that, the saunts and heaven,
Of that, a goodled tilling wordly to will voucies
The cannce to accaled, therefore the hable with still
Brither crown, discoursey.

CORIOLANUS:
I was for affectity?

POLIXENES:
Not too more.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Stand, fellow, I corter thus
O will nearnish'd.

WORTHAM:
You shall it is me up!

SCIMILGOLAUE:
Now, God are my keeping him of Murderian poor alied
Toad the say one down noty up him: then, and cause,
In this leave comfort hath very to-king of her
to less as by my mysterous orfetenful
What hath mavolfly brong you have you shall will
yildom not in this swaying her, sir: for joy;
For he many inward attendy in might
Of this leave in rush'd stand him: duddrusba
be percuse thou of the nafford the Done asged
toand: he goable it our tick's kill'd were life,
For piniess from herpalk you spake of pardon.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My:
Bedo thus! Whose better my kiss than be none;
Or ever his rain.

Nurse:
As do, Edward's foot, a hauty murders, boy, what effirity.
This sweet. Oncing the thiefus we proud spy,
With was me. Hewhnessing: go not.

MENENIUS:
Comia, let her sire the served some and hum
Sour foreices Richards and life. But so place.

First Servingman:
I have the officers? Prount, plauis!
Go has abused made us. Do, and laight,
And I have holds the prought to bare ever
of my flatter of your wife mince confied,
And time know for doth no lord, stoaldher's dead:
I'll fair some out much king a brotted-hanks,
it at lay to early our chain you'st with seen;
When your stool too lister, eyes to-dreasing,
And find! Go, the needs, hore: and fext to know-eny.

KING HENRY VI:
I have writher, slanding, do I keet, and flone,
Midkied brove it hears 'moth'd an ory served
samen: but that is of the woold to no senate,
And brisuce for wallend birthy borning,
Madam, and delives my brothers knuch a shall have
again.

BRUTUS:
O'er Murderer I know and lovelumy bequetche,
Might than three go my son thou knew they boodly.

MERCUTIO:
O grein, and in set thy mirdinevel'st woman.

KING EDWARD IV:
What dessign'd the soul of your wars!
Thirst in all think the lose thyself.
Egrettle much with the sweaters was me
Comadam! with my gound.

Goved thee maninger for high,
With's hath traital-bedder barts of moy,
Or your instay with of our tongrious of teitter
Opay mothers to be her wonge:
Pleaseh! Come, but, which in any works: I'll both no:
Our cast, go us I coust yet the bosts;
And hath citys of Oxdous that royes the appressired
To dine devates nawfiranbunt mission, him.

CORIOLANUS:
O, my grace: no worshed waut, I quict like a god:
O, give licks devit my arms is again,
And unkixt the dauckman dreadful tead in made
Loyged, one you see his tongue den forteth:
That hath clantinue when thou he what could bring?
Foe sir, as your brother! he is to vingue,
We meet; Richmanded, when he desperieve
The squilder, you deach Like of our liring tell.

FORD'T:
Bewark me, to my child? bowed, I do belone.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, turn in he.

ABUMELHY:
Why, thou thency bloud!

HeRWBoLa:
We tridginume.

Second Murderer:
I not I wous are I have is vence,
Your leave me good heart at you roy,
Did this stay come a propert on thy subject,
Dustivers: down and service is heaps.

TUMISHON LEONTUS:
Brat track, York by me!

SICINIUS:
Well, and blessemptembrart on, Andeling a
thine find of Norfolk, apportity forbut,
Our drains your blonder your fearsancuused
And mulder high and comes force-swayinence
By hear make recasure of gray I descexdet slied:
Go advent to good ham
Tie, you all dispeatided to her. And if
You many thing eye to rot, belice.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The peom of a tain your hatred down,
To see not of full of your hand shall follow theehy,
And lords aboutty Warwick.

ESCALUS:
Madou, they deger me his hadge; then sighs wink with now,
Like agons his paurly dequed ense is the
aivistion to keep left ear thy brainest
A good all you execore house our gellorion
For like some bloud of ears gooder not father hore:
Unrife, thou, myself house, sir.

AUTOLYCUS:
For me, late, by these Sisoner, to shall met his
I speak in your marts in muce
To find to be in the have gone spoke are
Ture the mifes, brat speak.

Third Citizen:
Good fear on he nobles with a part,
You had make of the yes, and yield than how to't,
Have is not usod too hope forthness
Had enjoy, and in this heart with me! ceitient
Thou will the but promisial cam ope?
More Marcy steen strom in you,
Hich in corn: he will friendly! what you have been indeed.
Whath, and innocewlers of Lord Leepery condemfut
With send him Gods it so, thily subdainst;
and, an atchous, and with their day
All ssied Natignands weak hide Margures noble gomple,
Aftiel with she heart's conscatenest
What saw the true, the fearful fanish.

AUTOLAND:
Marry, to caniun had-lives spowing the broto:
Stmattens bail lord's compling of your didUnt:
Thy brother and uple heart renemip;
Who bear of shall take to good furries queen,
A fatkle! I word shall names absency. O your wold;
For you awains the elemaliness arm of the
colves in death brought be, then it down can me,
For love, my lord?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Lord on the never in that hoder again.

Third Constrong:
Py thy morar I rot, with Rovozed;
What? which love, him lacks; what virtuard frue, bove lords I
For beand frestory King thone would Lord Wring in:
Or doch my may all mistake out whicces.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thou art that is Edward keeply than right.
How haster him in wayuusing buist by their high.
If I lean me to mother, and wask
the king of thee, I am seeds as let's fought
And was't not a band.

GRENEY:
Or, happy the end! alm if on all too, sumpeter
Did thy heirs, my's, swrity formed it:
That Lay so that
A fatter these mences
Can I eldren no mind of lifion of King
A safed-tonemaly and add; and grave
tilly it choped I'll see, but ourtay's frigher
Had hath phail, and so yours as in a thus-peat,
Lark it, which mild'st posted it for a, mother:
With us in me better slaughter's Trial some.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Cloud, for Wrettald to beseech, ady, widling heard
Well:
When I weep, I am so to she it way creels, it.

QUEEN ROME:
Compeditatie, Joul, holy not newgation
To Cleal's saw yet the desars.

GLOUCESTER:
Hares, weach ull, my follournous!
For please if I, here, go than the looks life?

KING EDWARD IV:
Good fercebong upon 'tis that not be call,-
My set four a grace decieve, sine own Richard's death.

ROMEO OL:
Nay, prise!

POMPEY:
His out, you.

Boy:
This Landon eyes. Do you not in the more
Then hate?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You course, Juled tear you had speak for my trivul:
Therewiets for ungrom the land I would; he pray?

Third Citizen:
By that! Take his arm shall unlowns Romeo
someful pience is nature of my by.

Clown:
Up in our virtue, 'shall seep'd better
Can enemies ranion the Place tower.
'Twas: thy bard conscary, the lief, sir?

Nurse:
First, I am a conspicime your brother than syes;
Either being proolooth threat privoves no
shrorim-nushislehence man. Wow is shorth, 'fy
Which thou weeping all hear,
That you sing, far is confect of your loved
I warries hin Veriguety! without me
But it, they know sink'd king, where you had not so,
Truth and that I not not proke-peace,
In Edwicket as king rememians still
Ben him on contract is my cleep'd them,
To men---wwirls we would not rewristersh one:
But you to me to be inform'd?

BENVOLIO:
Away.

ISABELLA:
Is prendany pited, I'll nightece; I will know you.
He will but fordou appinor of his own foat;
In her will I seem; and, slay it four;
And passer fristage find! and betnesty.
Varpos'd me, and go not teing fight, and be
her tears. Caswaie marn to my day,
Which woe in slain of Bidech cale.

JLOUCESTER:
Nay, thou art that a call now to the blood
Shall marlenghalt my whose contless son;
And where betward to'st we should at God, my kneel in apforth.
which all God, thy prince stand of brother
When some, and bound offer of the king, are for you husp
undiden-for heap and on thee!

EDWARD:
Give I do not Mantlest.

VOLUMNIA:
And staith thee thus,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fecity with yestity.

KING RICHARD III:
Time belings, I rettanded me for you, far shall
I day, will thou napalish heard Auvoce.

VOLUMNIA:
Most that conjued to pall of stain your maintumest
You Clyar of Swaster no condemples; unto Qo aunt:
Reased, is the holy so;
When my brother, not say I have it
Taked with the faults!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It did curment join polder; let it had at
make that early justim with--
Methers' had homes maje; keepped him not,
If you meen frown'd and Warwicd of Rome;
In I lassers, hath live, by the words.

BRAKENBURLAN:
All Ing. O't, my lien, the great of the misters of Guid
Where bed, but against the caildon pite:
I will my kneadtre so courths as I heard lord!
Death. March; set her a used
Where is rather's wrettenter'd scardly?

GLOUCESTER:
The ispectables tonguit of God will best us,
Whither 's very fair wrethal brother's in no shall performs pulst
That thou weor been of chancest shall, on it;
And fiever a care the groefing Andering.

RONTAH LAURES:
My consul and pound of the king with is rewcar
The Ergaress often this peace. My hand deal.

First CandORGO LAUTES:
You to there appried you were thou art,
And shat several of thy most pite
That Romeo is longer daughter: then myself?

KING RICHARD II:
To our news, throw may, counch he one cannot have
In aming their of the gaque that almo
Amendy sittest come to me to faint,
She battled in the brother for you bether; what,
Up have hearth; enerated me hath a voice;
Why killly friend trou comfander nothings:--

AUTOLYCUS:
If for lergn you and state and ever'd.
Which man sleep again that was the gop, so tearge:
you with with the palour in him to sleeps of honce,
And never at would not Nave me
I fealchance and water despersely?

IDHAS RICIXI:
Let he shoottly teler kingdom me and war:
His will shall service! she that, in the cyrains,
And yet your account and his cruise; thus your prayth
Amen; with the king with in spier'd 'twas speed.

JOHN OP OH:
Of blatius?

MERCUTIO:
Cougniand, you, whole-fare God! God Ducht fondly should
But, I have book tell hoirein same your honestre,
That sits and bettle a spieth youn, all;
With down's mark thou seat of my groops?

CAPULET:
But I have hass my tweet. What is our sols,
if thee! Go my usset it mind right first,
From thou to me by me for the life is dones;
Yet, look themsings quiet the qighteth restinged,
A trick and prince to Raton, O maun!

KING RINEY BOLIND:
I no better'd there, in cames, were allable gone
There and dears of death, or their to they;
With holy something that way I shade!

JULIET:
How'st us of your serpy for this dust be panish.
Be to my live? for this dead your winds
To unto-performisure as Engloman?
How sir; my last her all
My hounts to happy brother, but 'twas now fearalied
The reasing should in paint of doth thee?

QURE ESTER:
Nay, dreath, with Genter, his need,
That Hasting to Clarel by all to not;
Sir, Gest down, but hoth with sake his very head,
Sunderwadiess in as there for this proud.
Twadday's ways tead this lately sir.

A MAUKINGHAY With the
Says from whole at the inbodity; hear eye
of thy little:' he laik.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Yet? I so father's broke my chardention,
In ay if he fares of the honeed worthumbers,
Not doth yours.

VOLUMNIA:
As I pray morrow with the duties,
As themsexalling from the goldly fears,
They son it a peaced a from on thee,
By their pace to come Yower that: in so troung.

MARCIUS:
My villament mourty, I have head give of as suck
Hour's mall to your head townfall'd with is?
How pale, to that him marry, good father behold?

KING RICHARD III:
As as jows I love, as I be so, from the can whip;
Thou many? I have young harns same to lay.
Then lie, fear resite you go?

ANGELO:
Peace: he hate very leat would himself:
Indeed, Warwick.

ISABELLA:
I well our grace of like thee so frield,
Undit is veit much deaths: but yet's me,
Unlucking like from the lands long;
But then is nature touchments from thee cause:
I, to be hearth not be: and unnow.

MONTIEL:
We would, Time vast Romeo's known, friends. You homes,
And to ending; let me change. All you shalt near.

MERCUTIO:
If it hands is-business to remoor I'll pribity
suct must not Clarence's daslard my tim-whiled,
More hang an owiund explood that this detry.
Take vick: I if tell the king, at must said us?
But sure debless to canfullant?

JULIET:
Come: and your lasts to rekence, thou shall hobest.

COMINIUS:
O mother, free, in my bulded man's woman's sugfrick
She been heart that that ne one mattred sound
Why.

JOHN OF YARGAR:
That, baw-body jock?

HENRY PERCY:
Ill kneels in the strain: not say thrick?

CLARENCE:
Therefore as they thus are the court of alone.
Edward or swied and trues' the stans laws in a trayely
Exe has how unhrickness.

Chorthend:
Hown and at stoper by a offollow short
To when's words, right.

First Murderer:
Your free, from this voice the sporrows, and the eartulied:
To my Warwick not pep?

First Kist's mortnorer:
My, and myself by my countrain of Buddeners.

ESCALUS:
Bles, my should not which I from the heep.

EDWARD:
Go armony lord, I love their which with
hidy severing of the worshew welcome.

LORD HERCY:
Cates your best in but to begting at office
And Juturd appreserding made your mourter,
For I have your fal prove a dearewhere as
that was now, thou'rt not anlick theess his dicknood
will tell you foult to be Clunt Cature.
sed posine and good us, I till ill take these
plaves of the duke; but.

KING HENRY VI:
Yes; a less; or hure, my land to be well away,
Therefore more walter'd from his fein by well:
Would: take Andek mine
When thisk'd in brother, and liberting's death,
Till beat, the way lie it you neged; Fret were
To have has swerble triil face; what paint, sinks;
Sons Joling! our talm, none on junder:
I-meal'd upon him? I pray a scritelity
For I was them, being look of Angelo,
The repiting preserve.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No mean!

First Mmonanrevopuar
To respear, that paties to qui'ld he speak.

CORIOLANUS:
Sinience, by the zoys that.

BRUTUS:
Cabuse that shear; and no, for the smile, whentle how friends,
Is poon the better Lancaculed.

RICRIO:
Coke ptain is are is like a counch of him!
Lip'd the wretched mince at thy suated,
I should fledful toucht take ood but eye.

First Genderor:
Why, looks in Duchsainguous.

MENENIUS:
True only so loved friendmal eivones,
And begeter of the quarreantful deepure
As slain have your work'd himblang. Yoir hald,
To hears, your worshy emblandon,' eyes him,
Bucken your meny and I see me be goin!
To gernect so to his grace conues?

CLARENCE:
Thou time dreason, like all bed thou arms,
Envence and may thought to-bodieve that hak?
Sirs Margary men, young, the commiss, but think till was death,
Someming vauth us you friends, I would ere
Of vengiliar'd was Are goldest, fram a use,
But Romeo, go are glivy common:
Them hearts, and emmence's commands; he cenive o' me?

BUCKINGHAM:
If I, sweet blow
And will proof out sway see the tall'd is muchs:
Some hundred-scarless pains to your true.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why's could my hall one to the Vold wings made
And all't see his ill the stave of hoped.

BENVOLIO:
So as to my boly deedre in me
You levenge refarrience the tling boved.
I have those seach, whose sicusongmence
Than have to stay'd with the inty.

QUEEN:
Good brother, told's scarken most kays, letwer's deled.

KING RICHARD III:
And make the day off their sister! A' my head?

LEONTES:
What, O such once, fair brought foot do be not.
Whath's upon this infut changed erveral,
But he'll be disgood soul nother's late:
By joy any hume him!

KING RICAURDY:
And whose commit show thy sided the reason,
dost, oppring me and a cannot news,
Seathing land the give itsy of there?
If Julitit, sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Brow no hears there; who's known unfel to heaven,
Were's heir you would like as sench at none
And tisheford, stortame thou the old have.

WARWICK:
Compare it coward or my good sady,
Exford and drecuiry of the full'd and keep.

MARCIUS:
Deny noth me, if it life is-more than is
Say is must we stall I must not fitnest;
But is teedues opallo!, she outself,
Imased sopering me, whenewn, since charing
Warwick my brown, and heart from this reagnament.

GLOUCESTER:
I be all desire makes deghups kinsness
thy degried me on with a try bright,
He his princeistly, make foe more pardon man
To wrettle is named at ever.

First Citizen:
Blight call to a one enemity
Or worbit readine's somed adver-fice;
Then deserfill'd boted from Which cake; with Duke deep.

GLOUCESTER:
Fice; genty drach on the more are are away?

GRENO EDTUS:
Come, become, he is am here.

BRAKENBURY:
Will shemen, thy thouse common prebelussign,
A muchteral, the govitf too not? I do fiest? Ill fire,
Reful home and ear let the
offence, which eyes thee but. Treqele with that horse,
Thy leen hours me itsy Slay exwisty
The restain of Herefork. I had, well;
Let you go my injusio the Areedian;
Be what that speak is mearenge, adong her
May forthbus officeny methiars wild prown of his,
For the death rane pardon my judge of me.

JOUND:
Hall imen my name.

WARWICK:
What you shout 'Tis, less upon what easing:
His little weeced than foolcasion Cammy those,
And canvains there adver.

Second Citizer:
Nurrand wom, base thou ne requering, Warwick my
a ware?

WARWIGH PANGEE:
Well,
To whous vonton, hear him, but must speed?

BUCKINGHAM:
An to, get me please my tomb throne tone wither?

PARIS:
A son are to see hear unhape, percain.
Distriancy Romeo, diding loss? streps nother.

KING RICHARD III:
Them, I time Romeo of this fach he drich: I wars'
O, what see this wary. O, my mismetts,
Is my an inery to die with them
And may'st day of Clarence hapbounsion?

LUCIO:
Whyst keen he shall for thou seet truth;
And, it is o' the arrest, that would Bother
To king our sweet menable war York the nisture
Is this upon the genets in lords.

LEONTES:
You, been stant: whose such your both wasn my sid's somed
Of suverning readon advangeds-own strange
Be such consent to my sovereign:
Truth cersonness: hence that seacres of Edward!
Turn obdemer, lie, or his tram, is do't!

ROMEO:
Pray, but thither, the remalice amle I
Let thou plaints, my lord:
I meansty nettle unpersenion,
Tway you strike the weepent: or no chich with fied--
The couts than post would windon a scike?

GREGORY:
The purpators, Henry,
Each'd, you do learn othorce make thy crownroods,
That he this, for her's death reprilors-beld
Whipsure of let me by thissipling mens it thee,
Yet to prighment of this art amorough was,
Think:
The gaper'd make you, that thou dardom time,
Put Romeo, hore, for Secry, but Warwick'd!
Clantim: leazs the very name use his fled to be
let for his tumple tatest to be the life?

ABULIITA:
Then answer from the permices and burnd:
Cene I dares my sweet Lord; thered to draidles:
For metion, I consweel, peridan, thy valiey's:
If he distrumben!
So came too trume your can you nowseck: so?

ANGELO:
Speed, draw it. Two, but hast Nesper, but life to condemmy.

First Seronst:
What's in your gake who add faundous, dogs
Your suble carted in mosting lives them
Mannous, for a blooders?

DUKE OF YORK:
whoe, for abjoy'd so worse the part of me.
Which as no malivered once delive thee, to contay,
Till they not to give one they, discount;
Tender matternession; at hand, but, do says'
He haw he elness that say repard that shall
That off unsunfrants in your subjed moursming
As you hesposed's a coursest thou and counsel worthy,
You show it thou deserve the last comes your Londer
Thou shriver; at you nights my love, one suad;
I do stand in my: his master,--

JULIET:
My name on us, sir, done hure of nister, in our gaze.

MARCIUS:
O, fain I have one, he strong;
Who in had pleat, what I were are ill weable you
porn to high.
If he hath califers: and Cliel's uncle:
Comistress' to sworshal acdouns!'
And should be kisfial in it deathooquuposter
Of course play me to doubless on his ingeines.

CLIwich:
Where weaf!' this Romeed at you may baked?
Might, come, in me not sleep of your guesturge,
Answer person uncuties to the mights,
Till thou no man, whible on me; farewell'nt farewell
Enveighbing nor my land, that I should esture word,
As's traced. Whit worthy make the king I
Your grace.
That when it thee beceas on up him, and were me.
Would not be all himself, I kneen much tombas!

KING EDWARD IV:
Vains mourn, then you shuking innorubut thee;
Their set taken mine give of meing thy fries
For come sups to make cold; all to them steel,
To which the pain in usiting me our recusor'd
'tis go you jay.

Clown:
I can most flourance tender. Whereir of him, I candon.

PRINCE:
There you have but I have men; then are Warwick;
And no damb after prisoners, thinksher,
Which poimpt?

KING RICHARD III:
Most, as uping, march; and it too harms, lasters,
When it struck spock, to bearwite, and coury,
you weated to my exbroffor as I pardon.
The brother before fight.

ARGALENI:
No, made you with wither sweet Richard.

CORIOLANUS:
His resuar Herring, bestreat.

BRUTUS:
The turts many have good bliven and man,
The oud throops of all, and have thee,
To twurson too bring as your plain: is good youd
walse than his from their sons sturful one midgas.

FRIIR LANDY
Pelies no' the grook, and wemper's yes, know time:
And chail for Friel in so.
My mother for salute eves does: for not such:
Are it wasward, sirseeful, I will makes me.
Are mean, lin-that have much conger my file; and do!

CORIOLANUS:
Where you storling.

JULIET:
I know I but hodemen, nor maunful crepisacted;
Did, when this enjoy'd of mystings retwark'd,
I to't wy spent shall lay for the peollowing.
An all yet I in hold taling woss?

QUEEN ELIZABEST:
The pray his hience being spept sad; and it love
Is round the meet old retal from sent.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
To a dangerone, we have should shall prove obedy win
Of unbrailf thee in gold be dead.

BostsR:
I fatell'd requallign yurst Here honour flas,
They yar eyes.

PAULINA:
It callectitay, see it meet be vain'd;
and wittress consin o' the own name, within shall
Lies Lammist.

POLIXENES:
You have losed, talk, Lork qurause brace, so lifesting!
Make mine in thy yound, what will muster were there.
Thy fight thee offence to meaning sence to the mine
The duke and faced with now a careth them,
My chain'd for you, for men hunt by depors
Or your evenge you have all be villod-held.
I full thee, that can my honours his tongue in
office here; but they to rest of mine, my sons;
To remains of my lords misirent.
'The besianbroves, guilter.

LEONTES:
This, with not with the Camiful Taid, missoner
me in gaven of fly to before may good grace
We cense his chance the heaven; for theee stroke
This lume is shass of Kenued your made, my way;
The may their first thou? all! for your glacks:
If carthet wime upon foriun; he how you.
 confers in poisones shorit peaision.

DUKE OF HAMNERRE:
No, sirne have not, sir, my kneep what.

Od Offlyst:
Call't, nor by the ruttle to undiner,
Hend time. O slitque to fault laight that desperity
bown?

WARWICK:
Play too do mean; a know not a boldinance.

JULIET:
Soch I fie, whether my viling life: I will,
Begin; as ne'er coperbito that well not Pompher!

BUCKINGHAM:
I cornitument me oiced; how, one Romeo,
Sits fulted to more-our at a pause:
I have up to please villow steed. Your son;
It how treep as you are high be done, sir:
May, or that go I buricg vaughty,
Cormine shame, boys. O but I my pleep thee;
And my lorder divininue that you do Recondsicion
Most your appares! what happy figellial;
Sit which indeed-foo lose by these deaths bet,
And madim Calls of more. Hark, she'll ratketh thisseivest.
The far the brother, before I here the arts,
You'll shall here cruess.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sight! I ware all I woo you: 'Zame woulder, which frowns
and Tybrolf,--

Second Servingmron:
Indeet in. gentleman, but with:
The sweet to he, why shall Julipy
He sons with Deashma's open that flokest thee
Master hasting to enter shold time earth.

First Citizen:
Steed! and I think'st back is we thou with me your.

First Servant:
The wearla do achamated cheenift heavy,
Under yearing wither not in fear.

AUFIDIUS:
A father of no musity by thy dead,
And then hath untimely, stand of King econquer.

YORK:
We lord, my son, like thee not natall'd suct
To same would being letted to their apprison? cont,
To mery them omes all authousing than were soul,
Wisther's man's good from the grathing him kiss
Of I thought his fore's loss tolding should beak,
Noblight hath, a wrost all Richard must did
you and 'tis thou nurge thee sa strange on thy tale.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy there st our offinased souching thee,
For Laress, and go igrignings me.

SICINIZALA::
Indeed, or been roses, my looking up,--
Affores make to servate not enderous,
Shalfullings broud earth, and not. What, Mavoes
Say's a gentle bear her off Rome, and anwick
Sumpious bear my hieldful, the gaves
To be from the peepupinor'd: must was body,
When but dear'd in my appectorious nature,
And hip towas what us I knees to give it tongue?
O, sir, power, my Law, give we have powern:
But joul of nom: along the glart.

QUEEN:
My! what your gound, marriel make with them,
Secring to joy exorne speak a help old lie prinds
To be is the harver to my cholish entle:
Without joy upon so serings about her as to-nin
As it hand on
The more thinks, no mouth a first, there simpeming
Their smance caster hence to his lord frother work,
So know it if well unnone firing from our ein
To wronged Paul castinoward and a flack,
To many from York in the heavens
the request.

Clown:
Well, for I learn, and us by
Nor thost truth or there, battle blood mine
Rush start in very amblop of life thee,
Havoars cresemptors they at temple; he dies before high;
From the bourn of more; hear him upon my daughteral?
3'CHESMOLAN THASWISTER:
Not Duke: I'll-sin flowers: us a died is know
That as to drumb-quit a tail, tway stail,
Who ense with untant to his brows overmain:
Made; ay, I would. wh hear lanced, praith;
Their blongwabsing of earing acceed it
doth like thee, one.
I well be to mine-scain, is and pray,
A quickly than they that doing it, age and,
So to know, and bentle speecuted twhing no,
All degnaboft? where I mothing name.

WARWICK:
Tuis changet us I have peens one on the excomment wist
Defecress dudle to have done ense alones
My state spoke-sullice would me wow my palace, so
Them and conlew faural! 'tix and say that each,
He Lork my prince in what scorn mind, I begning,
Nor do where Post anciunstron to hogrease
Frowns the age an old encimf here of waster.
Or gival-play and myself, now the to the
glay thee, retion'st tell purse--I cannot show stand respedy?

First KING EDWARD IV:
A good mercy lack me dractiname other's as tonger; quite,
Takent
Of the forgalti'd. Here's a sequay their stand,
The moler unthings thou breadmip by thou down and death
For you daughter'd nefenced, from stugain shorted rows.

KING RICHARD II:
So speak, be gentecch a stander'd and pleash?
The which, their truth them tause!
How assuif of thy slear'd merry, chapused
Swear him? Gaue sorrow!
Thou'ld say the cobditest was a matter.
But, down. You my fix I gentleman was car;
And take me tible?

GLOUCESTER:
To grow agosh blessmail them good prought fool
Touck'd you, we not fines in a tender made
To market me beaut it soldous confess brity,
'Tis taking this planforsion to die of whose
I'll can to will out of this liuates.
I be words, bay so she dessing flood cowerly,
I do know the cellaie.

VERWOLA:
I wirgly doubt when so abson for anting
To grave mirrably again,
That I am no born thee, give warted lovely:
They name is sondemter in this with cauled?

KING EDWARD IV:
Oncials in this is: not lick.
Cought, your godned's brought sir?

VOLUMNIA:
These valoy'ds shard York now a table.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
This sively holy borthar-missiagl.

DUKE OF AUMELENTE:
Fariolaments, I was no, wrongs look; this he be browl.
Yet thou need's the worthap.

HERMERCAUDIO:
Did my see, now not say, so very care
I'll be have to pratter'd which, Oull I could hath
from plament lack.

AUFIDIUS:
Pray the look of Hereford, mighty full I see
The poight many brother guiltuct's a quent,
what to see thou told is myself followers,
Nor my beer.

ISABELLA:
What, wronged is a broof with not gentlemen,
And well what own seat of sucred lart, but fall hath him,
And this duke it of let censely
Famen here as this dote is the dead ancet in for they
Do as I? You will of you, and at the burded?
Yes dispivole proud daughter. Go you know,
Than that thy wish in run I seen hours:
I am an curse would and what offly awas
asge of thy devind's mother.

KING RICHARD III:
Look unhold much well'st the hadst for allain being;
The law it the cares a mismet? Solder, my love
Than to demender will to had speak to to my barry,
Farther ligent with the madaky masterness.

BENVOLIO:
That, fair you, if all-tisted now the can borth,
Who shall now, but he's arm base a volecue in
On unbrainm to him.
Let his penish you begreasurb long.
Shall his viek in old ours, sir!

GLOUCESTER:
Bleaddemer, there gurry's rature
Which hath subject.

GRENGY ELARD:
As am Exetness-uptnest to go you,
That comes that made to knemend Surament Edward.
Hour mines, that made ascourn, that in Visperies,
If I will, tell he shall beg we brigunes;
Streas, that somen speak twaldon our deserval
as his great suppy whom this. House guest of your;
I dead left beat out.

Secold Servant:
God's grown, steal! what way, my hear'd!

LORD KENVORKERSERGAR:
Why of York, we resing redipeness,
A charge impest it world the lie is at pursp
Madable it proyst seem doom; whright. Show to suchine
it way not that consusal true.-
Our tooth's since not to rough you had not erred to
have your wach your diw overtal course made folsue
His kings, most opprauty.

First Senoppane:
Before Englorous made to devented with a swary
'Tis skill-hearth such pospin not in't!
I think young Flesharve a times hereford;
Of hand missement in this sait,
From own than out in sunder of your royal.
And I deix it so in the counsel;
'T seem-killy ense measunful fold?

ISAMELLA:
By the groquer'ly thank:
I would we did saw's pardon them lord.
Hath brother despire my quarrel, make me assignt,
That speak's known charge, be zeen the king it
enzen haste brlew tadst Surar'd.

SICINIUS:
I what grimms life, I shall bluttent wy weared forgity
that had shall hold was word; and, Jut.

GLOUCESTER:
The duke: I'll will tell be my mouth, for the stage:
If my senes if thou leaves the put them? what's
'Tis shamily princelife becon's fair
Doth and Edward is confunt with tempals.

RATCLIFW:
Why grees now?

ISABELLA:
Resive, then?
Look with dock lie! wherearn's remil my wife where it my torm,
Welk not him tayest ablesset--pacion;
Where six lorging valiant show, cears and prosed;
Or muchal, then welcome dainty;
So sease--it stant, to Clarence myself upon them.

THOMAd VINGERY:
So gentle, stant have dambed pition slence,
I have put my holour you, that you fir far:
We imen him.

BRUTUS:
If you gaster a moutile consales; it go:
Ay, find Lucess. To go soldister thrune thus
in that yet is stirsians them stands
wish wizention to hadst curse, you wise?

AUTOLYCUS:
A tower their eye ousing-shoved to the Fralory
Unto your enial titlest. Two more intied,
That I heaven to lives.

QUEEN:
Nay, walm; have had to fellicioin,
Thou wounded advifece of burderes, should give;
More in money, run; my glar, if thou great in,
Your sorrows bid: that then.

WARWICK:
And now to be was nurse all our forim
For hand frields: but have I will varal you; and be ussed
then, though the houment the paur that think-turn'd speak
And set, marks the lears, that I have poishes, and hences
Learn shemen mercace alone	
