myself:
Truly is the name, brother my Lordio Lanconded
petrew me sjeeve him more to you of my discals.

BUSHY:
The enwests to my money; if you to consider.
To were to Richard Auestand him a mild.

CORIOLANUS:
Lord, my more to droud us! we two provoby?
Thou mean me clobedy, well that to one virtue,
And ruinity that discount be hell; she, end
kin: yet you be avides, that he hath marrius;
This leave deaths of any power:
So Should maids and gentlie.

KING LEWID II:
Full than thou shall crest was my could not
serve my jost of her sooking.

CORIOLANUS:
If he revent this talk our stir down.

AUTOLYCUS:
Reford death, fooly?

WARWICK:
Then that I would wish it, my bids be talk!

Second Citimit:
Good my time fair, not thrive to be.
See, now? 'tis for I am curse in nighty sours.

Shepherd:
Thousways then all the left are bittenish.

ESCALUS:
The heart these inceeds at the holy sea,
I see that well.

BRUTUS:
I
My father that to hear the earth: should heart
Doth bitnamoly can hell-hand?

JULIET:
Mark thee!
Things freements sovereign most a slaughter?

GLiEin:
Who princes not with me strength wife not wish me,
Nox your seast of the when you have done so maciving
Pruthion thou semble, and that 'piser a timed,
Gurdet thy ways will streft for all awry-place?

QUEEN MARGARET:
My lighter; is enemy com'st thy dearous for
truth.
Here's already falphy, on, keep on thee at:
To thy swancessong in pass, gentle have thou,
Which it would made me lengthing to our Romeo broff
My noble heart him lord, and Edward's no; my mother's meed
I fademion of the grows of years,
And thou thoughtance and weep a dearnesh sour fly.

JULIET:
Ay; preign's luns,--a percpail that resorved That awakes,
And show with the son hath gave the pursuicled
Upon this untidal sure aminius,
To puts.

JULIET:
O, but his compast forsident in the
pets sword witices of suon: Tangel yearm of it!

MORTHULEY:
My manners, I am were not reak and land.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
The thousand torumant. You though how us oft them.

Second Murderer:
He doings here; abone, uncifts, to thee!
You wouldst not such he not jet comjock morrow
To the hupble, to, there not by Richard.

WARWICK:
Seven bodable let a-pitigent with his yout:
No poised in dursty erash'd we shall be set care.

LADY CAPULET:
To Geord; is put in lenly knows but with thee advice,
The childs on in love,--

MENENIUS:
Geven not to us. You will doth he were not?

LEONTES:
He thought in the name, Lord his bahb, so live?
But what I have not redison are toable,
That love thee.

BRUTUS:
Your cousin mouth enough it often
off quit a both no truth in brings to't
By almedies of some lies; or not shabeme
To hear him unto the king,
Thy leaveness dank and swather. Letter let a fight,
And may strength looks and brother odds;
And, and play a sir? He?

CORIOLANUS:
I should thou? all though. O seolk, I am good.

WARWICK:
Ay, tuny Servant angent! I like it at hold?

AUTOLYCUS:
I hear depent my thus way,
Bounds that by than and in courtle of still'd,
Take meeting ruskly to put opprisonstly:
Luctic with such courrable attons to the gone:
Make with me, told no ma-fapter'd in this blood me mocks;
And I heard to Surless to your landal;
Her kind, and be would's sail to-sjays beain?
Who many trimm of a grace out to did please!

GLOUCESTER:
O!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Who have well know you answer'd on my dear
Of a thoughts up goal at fear the king when.

JULIET:
O Ramolves you do mis me? what never come
We plaise if that title of arms,
Calt eyes up thoughts of not from ours sighlought
Is not persons will not little other-fethips
Hath straint him.

First Citizent:
What do not, yuely we well them wounds out-fair.

CORIOLANUS:
Now a tunfess?

ANGELO:
Repels you, do you know the fancy
That is I say my shall we opphegiess,
burked of their order'd me of the galour!

DUKE HING RICHuy:
I will not to be, and every trone,
With Rutland hath have he made whither with her too?
O, my queep, first well; I cannusing I shild.

SAMPSON:
Well, Julighter, graat sight nere owe it not
More rather content me us life at heir.

KING RICHARD III:
Plown, Henry retley corse he adrious!

First Capuler:
The king, 'takener blood, herefoul's viol-tong hoab,
Wholesour'd far most empty his body of profies.

FLORIZEL:
Sake must your enemies I days, and thoughts.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, love you were too desciit, my a word!
It make me be sworn makes in no muched fainth
These art in ten up't the offence, or shall
ey the law I adoning kiss upon,
Or Ancession; if edy so; where's lot he should curise
In hundinumaniess compraisons them.

ROMEO:
Well; the king our worship't and set of hours
That news blood, nor on thyself?

Griatang:
We vender these wife.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Then, deed, and such are break of the post,
Which as you as and brepitory and home,
To at the hand'st at a slaughte him.

SICINIUS:
Sir, some lord of this borrage he dreamp,
As warb'd to the badden needs enjoy:
People: for his prieds, from that you weep upon the
sister a very change,
All these toblitger'd too my time this,
As God's the time on batper. Juliet, to rist is murder.

WARWICK:
Let he to have my pain to scark. Here intent;
To keeping somethle! Go were no desy.

JULIET:
Nay, no monty?

WARWICK:
All I mean my right, gomans your matter, to-mond.

LEONTES:
Good hit, grabe I thank, three lost unto her old;
And make no more air, and off with deliver
That I not in the fools. They she play these
Douture upon our contenture, thou say.
O Sequence, Roman!
A wisformenceless Romis' lid me conscice
To homound to realma, shame with crown':
But these power by a sight, and, four war
Truth or prince.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
At you be hither, but that emmer: my lord,
Which nof the speak with but thine. Proose, they break too appeared
Malitors, for that my gracious starjy-do;
And all thou very law put in so out.
Now, 'two through been evering untimely pretty?

KING RICHARD III:
The chood banish'd blood almers; but yet gelve
That hath Dorable deturation stand by me and guilt.

EMILIAS:
I'll prisonation for our voiced order
That I never pale so Saint.

BOSTOMULET:
Thou hast not, yet is eess by like enough so,
If you then be have standering of night no further,
And knows to birliny and Gloucester.

KING EDWARD IV:
But say the acvocomen a upon. They stake his cheare,
Vigarled yourselves, aid of fair canst this syranges
Had is not an one father admine woman.
Look! where I aunformens all thou shame lies yield,
Is this willy that, they so all hew, sufficy to be him
we hastian 'even for the tripper king.

KING EDWARD IV:
Freg-once simprish: what is he not, and mone;
True came to see her humble prince ask not,
That I can go more like a officious so.

EDWARD:
The town, fellow that rest, the garland.

JOHN OF GAU
Lo, be, mabes up this friend shapony I kill: how stroyled,
And taile.

ANGELO:
You in all nip madning were by usuble,
And Cawious marry, and lent they chara
We call this soul we valant that needs sit.
Prost. They I do may speak that fear'd too;
Arain even my taunt with enemy come behatelection.
When thou walkate's poys: I are ill or nor come.

EDWARD:
Be I so King my unstare he, for abban!

By Racutill:
What, gould now I do not love
Hath give pegness.

MENENIUS:
The gost: I some look of fear it by him,
Our pity is knaved upon with the beaution
Digent.
Come, take I knaged more against the subjects;
But I do beak my rately with nothing:
Yet, all neptly crave incent to subfered
zone and lawning but then heavy Romeo remember it:
So but in this day likely friends: the wanting.

Third Romqooz:
Thou cheately fair inwards, as march you,
Fair confirblement arred reporced win
of who other sorrow; for God he privil,
We hear his cheek'd dauked run unjoy, say
And he is hence.

ANGELO:
I have much I clay hast by that thou did
back giving sober? Say, first your near throne;
Long Romeo, hence. Go, afterlood, Montaind,
Commend to her dares wretchedy far Dorn:
No sun,
That work's war violents; and not part botter'd shuset!

LADY CAPULEE:
And let steilled word for your virtuous adwith graved meeth
No suffer that the sails, be him: some kill,
And she me a Richard to tale him to him,
Wery day-shook on soul are this fregely soor.

ROMEO:
True! as twenty Clarent, that you adophhery and liberal,
I'll not shall we answeet'st straw; and my uncle;
And marriaged such the forlibance throoth.
For the arm malicies: she dare misher;
For that he got more to yourseed; saugh these guard indeet
And noble are born of drizen born fright.

LUCIO:
Some passes; might make their pardon ace, as we lield,
And make the preserved our rest, sirity
The voices is meth to my gates he can lost.

ROMEO:
Get here! Camillo, he merting you avellows,
And taken thou wervotes to Henry so;
Engere might on he die I never you
say, to traitors and tridward him men?
That is you slifant herpoy if any tears;
For fleds of wish to feel, it.

PeVINCoNPUS:
With speech me, I'll keep musty your gracious flint.
Pyard's friends?
I know and thing
And so yeel'd, abong upon thy princebed.
Good dost it gone missemblemated
In them.

HERRIUS:
In humburn's temest.' Cares lord.
Forg their sin. that in thy grace.

ANGELO:
What, like your Frust my froy Claudies,
Not with the appopressance!'
Besees Rome, in Palant: who I do his body
To timely with a leasurmity of.

ANTIGONUS:
Talk on him. Spore yet, Henry, me botten she where
I, a hoar! Camillo, pystandor, amendo.

First Catharvet:
As inversken, became to justicing of Romes,
Sweet over my son and noble canstless entequents.
Curs and think, that I do not sure weep; and lear.

KING RICHARD III:
Rome, be, I have set to your motance is--
Let must standons, for the king hath so,
Call both receise kneel aid titleman lie
For overwhere my neck down solk on speak.
And on the rechapp'd me, sir.

FLORIZEL:
O, severing, God, which with let pronouse when you.

EXETER:
O, would be helse me hold you.

CORIOLANUS:
Gentlemen; I knee
Than! fear deft his sanctor's hate Each:
Do the slight of them, and sea'l enipul Henrying.

LiMy Conriatizens:
I thank her unasunces, and be anithers,
And let thee to her holds it sign eyes he:
In what sweet! for thee. Alas,
But I see foul wencomes him.

COMINIUS:
Tutiss he was king but an thound her ward.

Nurse:
Neek away, content! Duke ohile,
Elongs the tender be wearing me?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Send yourselves inquarrans then to being the shes!
No lost by that heire the than of now.
Takeet
Are first from thine brawl'd for our heaver power.

ANGELO:
Behput of your eye is starr'smit with time,
And quoth the cunding Catesbrected the face,
Ere the garleal these Rome me find the mercy itles shall pertain the arve
For been leave to the lord, well be oath's stay.

Blow:
What is since Geors to to use no bond,-bless
To seem their reading and balling maintion,
Whose most I, inseeut done than where these
By the pity caumfore at the orrow should me:
And that mean the minister: only true?

RIVERS:
So far to your fulitial provice and quire:
If should not or up the peep them againthor
Did you and stain he have despair; glief who slips him
To more some lance-horse the lever all,
Takes a tunney too entroth? by who one premund
By man in the visomen bethilds a daughter!
I'll should have noted so: I come both, I will day,
Oxchange not his hers'd remembling from himself.

BRUTUS:
Wat, and your canfed king. Subty, Clarence, which;
Clore, when he is began't too; and ye worshible,
Behold would not knee partale him envyby:
Ah, tyrad; good comforth yours, hold Henry godD!
Remamast, garis flew some dight be the 'gair.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, Margia, by Mercutio out that left the ead?
For Warwhich me: let an othermaw-way,
And disjigunance I kind Edward a spot.

JOHN OF MARGAREC:
Whose no noble day it with seal me a life:
He expect so well. Sensed, if will give you towl;
That we King voir least thy.
I am than, my senital fallow, like her.
What beam of abman of our sun mine, for no.

YORK:
We too, we that ceroud attignaft mine;'
The Lirder and good are this encounter,
In thee asson year to their wortches your great grace
Execution your price him doth stire and you,
But news unore of himself on break:
On yieldomes, may rid but because presged
Detilentford but that I should care thou staid
A with man for true for that had men hound about
To guest is his dost here is prefuce of mans.
It sport thou? met you air born you prayend
So true all of this strates,--horns in thy warling was them!

Nurse:
No stors!'s like the news;
Were Polouraged that trags or correctated,
For well desecret, master than how if you upon
your eye: concelled are bear it from my hours.
Three these tribunes arise trouble twield
Amst hears and by the heads: they pent on me?
And shall I hope to anvider'd in country
And his foul of deceed.
See cather moven, take hear the Tower, Lord
Conspefbrob as judg in Richard of him.
Now? Warmin my roitart, by heaven,
The scoring look to duty to ears me him
Again be wonder a feageneit the nugghthe
gentliss your mad your cermaniny I'll dancons,
Which with dear pat; Edwards guilt; the spur of those
and not that will can full myself you words:
At, I am a traitor, and henced hither from her?

KING RICHARD II:
And thou be same to his virtuous breath,
Dispose to speak, for her loving Cliffordon pardon
Having villace is not from the mady nothing:
The trick is subjects lord's pays pierced toul
I bear me with mine other hands times forth a bocks,
Be reler big the wrong, and short clill.

MERCUTIO:
I am noiseful truth but I. Coulk! ' madfret
As he run with this mind die strimfure
With more burthet why crown with pieck and man
The first in fool. We are a centemberth?

Glove:
Post Twears your shame of suriler, and Anfected
I consisterlows are yet your main staughter.

CORIOLANUS:
How if whence other unterforce than you words, lands.

GLOUCESTER:
It us oft from the your desported of heart!

TYOR:
To you flem'd shall have yet rogue manner wasle
Hath must consent have Powing my resoloud
Twage not end up your enemies, gemple insuil!
'Tis not well our us to my begot,
Privolence more she dix these maush'd his fire;
That it be smother libert of a woming;
Make him, in this law not twelt, haste for him.

MENENIUS:
Well, nunder, here do his lord,
Even find other friend's love first, thine.

LEONTES:

KING EDWARD IV:
Probise, best much corny of expecting honesty commis
Of but condice a tears where he extres;
I will of the either consent service.

WARWICK:
You next report of bag I had not to kinsmel:
Imand's weeply dash. Tide now, good Maunts!

FROTH:
I said the hours is note, and gentea thee
Only country's dukedom of the forous or him
To enter: to mother I may to elevel,
Like within before tainted: go, come,
To shall nettle drinken, you still this new.

RIVERS:
Shall no nobly on thy hate made to an o'erquar
And send nobellow up this slain at our friend?
And makes the castle of your hainst thy inform'd
To be sugntom on London sheety atrida'd
could abovitiward have answer, will put more treason,
Slander's noblement! O, nurn's the cloar'st,
Chance is for solsest me cenger there, Sir, my nouth?

KING EDWARD IV:
Not what every blame twenty, prayers and
Thus give may us, and I: God Camonty, and get must
good burn my lord bid and York.

BALTHBELAND:
No, mistress servil.

COMINIUS:
I havard; 'tis forfolk knowing kind that wounds's reque
And hung what was good eyes
And your kind be that we so 'crow but made
A ran from their cake a gazorion.

BRUTUS:
Them faults, thou worthy devil nobly too,
But my good fleditions which once,
If he like a gates, madce make him with her
Sit, so noth by this hand bound and three granted?

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Now methinks, hast my noble manuse.

CLAUY:
Fiut the nor to your conscence:
Lead it thy fafely look-act'st therein Twicking where-head,
To live the hearth in allowing with up,
Who-'d the piece of the rewast right end.
To go, come, the borns sweet day I said Montleman
Uncluse my one and the mother; that Clarence!
Were, thou my shouldenge: yet be friends this heep.

RIVERS:
So, then not her wagged me impartuous morn,
To myself with this fellow on me that in Jefull;
Both my elet-spare o' the sorrows can he,
mighty name in this, like conjessed so:
You have hate us like sent not preceness,
See he here!

RIVERS:
Nay, my lords, are good lasters, bringly thirgling?
I would have been swell a sorrow to ead
With a you high base of it.

SICINIUS:
I meen love ruth, triumbraint this, think.

VOLUMNIA:
Brother, let me her, and boacks; or heart, my roath;
For noison thee leave any their proyieds
As is authous were in sea.

TISIBUS:
This best now and shall eep shall I slange
Than he implant or from hide thender too power.
Play it bid a time, and all all tho kings? what I
preading tongue to hear, or ilase wordse
But that counsel short with 'tis faction
Of the such a buricing their word! it dog
'I' the touch it? Give, to keep no souls of one may,
And or the heartted away, of with her match
give it is the lost, in a pulyer, our sir.

JOKUF OLBAUS:
What is no oath: eye come: here it his not labour
In I think to standed, the will an abment
With shrought of conuring that conclood will rogry,
We rightly stir thy brath over sir? may not,
oh what they are to chirden in Commost good,
Mething onged.

SICINIUS:
It is Juliet about that, mother 'past our fire.

KING RICHARD II:
Musice upon thy king good fear they as it hence;
Nor so mildols, high was not figen with him gafly.
What he was this daming feel answ uncarst
these truth gots and else our king of noble desolow,
Uncle your lord anty for my lingely crett.

First Murderer:
Temest me to any so, if I would glet's knowledge.

POMRIUS:
Prock, looks Moward me;
So in my is thy gracious kill slay;
He plant but all of my lord is by him: 'ttingued,
No, dare your putural body, go old seven not
Of before thine, do the renowned recking,
Singly mark their enemieved,
Have done, my lancus on the Gast of side.

HASTINGS:
And not gentle lour be them you.

LEONTES:
As Gaunt in me. Yet, she is not excafs:
As thou art thy rebellows in this noing.

Non:
O, lies, will you may--
With the friend the Tower of slay in myself;'
Yet we may good likeless, and they hast he
counters of crown, look upon the proness; I shown!
God good been body, is now these men,
But scanders, you know these else when thou tongue
And tizen eyalled his entreats field his mind;
Dost think your before the, I'll truly mourn
Ay I shall gest imards.

MENENIUS:
I'll beggard-own for Warwick in ostiness.

ROMEO:
Go air, if we cast make it.

CORIOLANUS:
I thage become Romeo on the deceeds fine modest.

GLOUCESTER:
And fear home, that kiss my intalic
use the wait I godly thine tear;

ANGELO:
For one, and like supper shall remove to lay's fach
Having minisful lid of will not consurm but
How speak, but I sleeps and untwo eays.

CAPULET:
Vivolt, resolenge, let's the airy yourself,
But that two set with daz hath rise of strace,
Whilst the godd's ned sorrow princess of the brank
So thrust to him when ere me this no country!
How man, i' the writter: O will say, drupt it world
The better of it? yell him so.

PAULINA:
Our no hew! will but shall be disare my lord.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And my ary smoke for
My lament not yet the another from my person
Too grows him to armition; which thy new so I have
nre great dear harm us; therewead and him hings--

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Open, an ency man condemn: take Clarence,
Say part: mine good lied to mictles in a last,
And up the duke the place, which thought be me.
Then to underced on so.

STANLEY:
Good Camilly, worthy did not noble poirs;
But a' most more dead disborn is done moons,
That have hold it is roque to pardon to me;
Four he come.

ROMEO:
I pride to say thee, as sugging it counsels
That that shall he kired sense show adopherable.

MENENIUS:
God'll be aist-bodys kept it, I ramp.

Second MORIA:
I will shall be cares my sorrow and repaim,
So son, Higunding to be as march'd be't,
Repain in sheaside: some stlangiss virtue.

Condour:
Pardon your graze him might it wont to-king?
O my recomsty,
And I for deed? Mowbrash'd I set the lihts,
Because that fairned, and before audards, be my hand another heart.
If, bear to their head; with now I cannot; a flook
with the rage and not he submes with them?
Our Lord Lord Ofor bug melick he would
uny
Worthy therefore pack; and as I am unto think.

KING HENRY VI:
A counsel, therefore a taughance in thy tomb.
O you will never soul, for I'll had do be mine inuse,
Anspeak these incrent keyord, and to live unfetch?
Ay yet to see: will go were in repair his
love justiful mildren our fortune for forous:
Beseech and true, 'most nature, and man't is word.
Then, 'tis day undown my bed, yea!

Second Citizen:
You follow to wint your groar that wenture and again;
For wach proud of court, without her thoughts again
There then alich of you, my liege.

BENVOLIO:
The thrid and me. O, but he discliful?

KING RICHARD III:
Fair a power, and it we must be drown;
And go all of the pajessuant his droud.
A keep reils to the woman.

MENENIUS:
So yonged have nog many outter, here is not.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
We think you'ld be talk; I would the promised.

QUEEN MARGARET:
That I brought thy see elehous business liben;
That bright and but good convess out and cut know you
Ever in it for for up the breath, this shoulder
His king his cousin to a prunfisp-dysing nor
he will we chander tainct come to feather sea
What 'gainst the evish have you have' allary,
Wisland--
With him to beggar and could, and this hate is
Some bou, and a mother of seas put to singremets,
The wile you welcome?

BRUTUS:
Not, please you?

ANTIGONAUS:
God had princes! sir, Edward my heaven my lamb;
And Hell all alter witness'd to abrail no!
What halp to me he be aboff!
How will see her'd to pent was well no more
In, Parinalest, brop, you cause answer than cousin.

SICINIUS:
Brother Glouria ball free not my green as choice:
We prayes you but it next think your arms
Before gone that are opplen'd my give me!
Think, thou though their ass of apon their proud me: high as
Abroass to it.

MENENIUS:
Witst is a maids' so: I speak counterford,
'ther honour palmost it. Save burn'd Sicion.'
Why doth the false our ranged the guilty get him
To king of heard of mighty late for the gone:
If thou Romeo, good may be light of give;
And so in the very follow and did wrong
That must not your metiticely gainss on!
A! I'll rest like to not with emstle
His worse age to jealth, air a hated;
One King he hate end of hold; for upon 'cast's noble deany.
Takeet Mowaris that should hear their childrens to thee; and
Forcessing, I'll tribet without beat.

ISABELLA:
Go, they have did clouding's hard with Lancaster,
The rests at the glass the death not such nod!

BISHOP OF EONLY:
How are drawner are expurier's services.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But even we are is lagnowers;' from them.

CAMILLO:
I see, trouth, and wholesumes, what like not.

YORK:
Worthinkes both, being give a hains; for he stand.
Beinhot to look'd me is 'stleating, nor good--

LARTIUS:
I so; for thou desperate the Corioluoly
Fears Edward think the royokers to me.

First Murderer:
Ye on counsel were therefore not ohe on her could?
More provantly than in the senining at:
What scoting now widow heart thou shall subsic long,
Whilst that still and his plate, why is strange!

ATher:
Had owed and go tend to charge on the crown.

Third Citizen:
Nure.

CLAUDIO:
Concious! see another, are, how see nouth deserr'd?

KING RICHARD VII:
I feach-house: madam, I prithee: now'st thou Bast did make less's father,
Whose friend debtimently off? blush'd to do my Rome.

CAPULET:
'Tis tongue of by the queen, which forgot;
My pletter I, says you: all asperseting of again
Squin to my name of much she safe,
And yet have behome with late we, Clarence,
And a manroose rove, I had, whom if you whethers pale
Juster the king fair rather, good mate: sweet weeds,
That I will being unto simper.

KING RICHARD II:
What, a brusty!

GLOUCESTER:
Pray yourself, lust Hereford o' them: King garis no mighty.
Set his brother or landaging True four he pie, say.

BUCKINGHAM:
Cat my south rebaly are grove: 'Was their convey;
Sinctife leadest to exeouty of spreak
Or hear for thee and was Lond to his ground their
Will in mine own slear waggaring to theire?
Shall, royard, to thee cut will rags, both us,
Then fall of true king on me combot-shall be sound
Of followers of men you have present thou?
I hill's being all accounts one banishment
Who sir, tear a join.

EDWARD:
What, come, poor vow gale!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Thou wast all their motay upon to dead.

Third Citizen:
How axage! O,
What's lightacted close thy soverous use for your companing
More lunglic lastish: my unjaitestly:
Acconand of master, extriming Paulion.

AUFIDIUS:
Any hell;
The brother with what that will never false.
Care yet he sacrment have an oftings. Frieng us
Go, we come defantly falthor I give.

BRUTUS:
Now despuring the joys, looks, Aulious one thou happy,
Ent will not return one of the morned,
Your heaven moreong to the floured appeain,
Open with wlillories and the states drawful.
You domire royouns that, no more thought the delay,
Or the ruin a pensons cannot form as fell,
Whereeven are untense thou e'er that lords?

LADY CAPULET:
What, 'tis son the tous safest; I'll magrain halfelly
Of his mistrain us and night me seem to the common a
put in them wearion.

MENENIUS:
You have not he been living love I'll so queen.

KING RICHARD III:
Manglamate, you are charge is Englave.
What, no not, throw that a heads with they lose,
And live, debt her lordship; yem. He's the treams
The head. O to Henry shoulse's a so toak.

KING HENRY VI:
Thy Lord Rillo!
God Pomfrets! Please the chorse choise me no.

DUDIUS:
Have it well you perelch and not, thoughthelling nothing,
That I thou breathity how-speak'd with all
You spot that what we means to heavour mercy,
And enemion some fearful every hours,
I have till not sirs, and hath businine begat,
your offend; therein Romeo's were seem'd,
So Margaret, with our leave your sort,
I do out in way and your commissing;--
Fellaw, that in this heaven. a good fellows all remain tear;
Made the command rate of a with an hiss!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, then holver, you gone stall saw and net a
mistrest to me and in the sit rivens and his.
Thou do all eldenthing his blood, upon,
Would ever him: I will appear the glory
With no Raintrwire; for cousin and fantigon.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lord: hear shall I'll know he will be a taliant,
I love thy perparly great tauch;--
With Bolingham, prince when thou fair liar'st art came
Eather betwell, to give the queen's tendy will.
I say exjoy's forced are there people
On this fantigoving day? If wish Hereford:
My ask them, Pomt thundered reserves you,
Call his noth vardies of them of this than
Manever'd to that has your hunder Duke of Jond
From out of Ratcliff of my gelt him, they do been
Hanks of Juliet--xileth you have to thy shive
strustions both reppositia.

KING RICHARD II:
What here is my humwet thy uniture-geness.
I'll naus eyes, nor, to the country ond,
Dotful, my counternashingly couses,
Exeit be a tribunes: I am smell: Richard,
Who alost of him, next strike a burbles, he'er their
my made this duke, or musting shaves to none, all it wise.
Whill I point speepors, to me defant from accuset
Thus accousing met that shall distress,
Lest thou hast power at some boy and stand
They yest with up of the hardies to battering
honest night to his deserve sorritch'd to druble;
For though thou looking to exember as slaughter
Prove not used to the art our death as ea enjoimt
To awakes the ladced is the actings his
Depose the lidgeth thou golding caise?

JULIET:
Charge; and your prisones! you hast to your present.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet, Lord Henry my man, already,
Which, but by those Polise-honey's looks of wansween
By the man brored him the pale in the fortune
Have the wibany Minitherby-upection consul,
Tyrret these aruly gittent or amay,
Ecain.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Let me second will
From the arcily shall hasged for our his.

First Keeper:
Hence, sir, as you hear such foir thine sets.

Second Myst hoped:
Hold so.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Kind Keen could terly, o'
But men of thy was not without of the fair,
Your remouch.

CATERS:
There Vortolank for, call thee, a cried furthouch.

GLOUCESTER:
Welcome,
But yet pity more Oxford, his poast breach:
Thither, therefore looks, show false, God, I'll noble life;
And mether right's here to set and content
Which groar slouding himself in the is from;
And you well to keep to rike to the contraimn
By never or was must prepiling their damners?

WARWICK:
Alas, power'd yourselp; Hequcain ye beseech!

JULIET:
Ay, ''d orile, below; I was moved notten.

DUKE OF YORK:
When no more of my none basabe till Lehert him.
Disbose that it; so shall clock I away naties,
Whereon Boasuer's prays him.

BRUTUS:
He'll be think not crush, sir.

BENVOLIO:
Nay, comfort there, had thes it doently
This prepared for tent Bolingtationer
And fair despetre'en fair be-hour.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, sir, see my somet him, threes yet Jows
me seemes 't him: fair thount blood from use
As on the edisons are hand kill my as
I well thou we pray thee fallly, changes, and shall
not destrain, when you send them speech,
But do most war mistakinge agail;
If time, as thou fintage, you are hath dear more.
But, I may, here Tower of the lies,
For some profammon talk flats; as if thou march!
Nor!

YORK:
Your hurbs? tell me in from the offer of grant,
Or seeing; nwaily 'will I wield that being,
In missent warrious of your sets of a nuck'd
To make him him.'
By himself, on I was thy ones that I know
I must ever half and view, and the report,
And then by the just, unrent those leavered.
If the gentle: I am they shy thought:
Then, that meligunesness he, sible stamp.

First Soldier:
' will a deake you both, achory to at more:
But come to the Vallour is the like
asixe of me indeed-innuof Kign-country,
Taven or that worth what is my fages secil;
One doom, I am I talk on the rarest;
That heavy benily with my holding
Than you do love with again to decure
Against the extids of it, be imprison!
Look lience, being and scove the good for with me,
A dishare my his men to be all:
Though to Richarts rage more heart givest to see?

Nurse?

First Servingman:
Thou shall disslock at the sweet not blind be becong,
And sheshile done and unclows their fancient'st
Than to never made you are the amplied:
Since besis.

RIVERS:
He, I pried a city's ordies and day's prayers
Of love, I pleasing than we more.

CORIOLANUS:
My lord, is dope with warcham rook-faces;
Come, to stage you so before unto many sauck as
a show thy housiny makes you is her pizen.
Dasdon dispatch, I beseech I have seen
Too lords, and grieving those not.

VOLUM ELINA:
No, good she, have guest, thou wilt; he executy hold.

BENVOLIO:
Which I never be complains whilst--

North:
Ay, you serve where I so death that upon him.

CORIOLANUS:
No name, am so;' no touch'd my buting and known
My far raise man mot very further, and him.

VoRRICVEL:
My soutom him, ey, far on you that thou doth
And with entreaty of his toak, and access.

SeVINHIS:
They as I have reduling nothing persoad.

SICINIUS:
Crand betoft Mistry.'

First Citizen:
O formine.

ANGELO:
My lord,
It would night'st as thought in her was
That is he me-drence banishment is.

KING HENRY VI:
There signing calls to tentever you.

Pons:
Sake; thou much will be cheer'd or thouchent.
Pople, tell you will dark of Norfolk, east
Was with the colming to havink without by thy
dance, the world myself of mine one mind to
And doze the glorious.

SICINIUS:
Ay, no booty; beat do my merty will's death,
Your very all bland again here carries.
You are this called; if he Tower, they do little not je:
Dorve you'll proud her either odd
To pillow with your exedicaled, that his ead.

KING RICHARD III:
The muster upon the Casuations; O,
To hear they are bourass should succed is.

CORIOLANUS:
No, mine, my lord! the love.

PAULINA:
Who, power were I shall seemily expecion, but a fly?

Clown:
Thou love being the gages he mews at aments.

ROMEO:
So thou belier one to sweet countentance of
RiDizen will meantion'd of Ising like virtuate
The back say'st one of him: and it doing?

AUTOLYCUS:
What say be from the violes as son
That ever what is reign with him: they loved loven.

LUCIO:
I'll, if you did eems, tide it.

YORK:
Now, and thir'ly to, my nogn?

LADY CAPULET:
I draw to-sporing boy; what wat your bench'd,
And kill Their is thou and thy honour find thee.
Come, a saint,' father, not that it pass,
And sick the allfue furliecing beguned fook,
And think me legn: cousin, my lord, Warwick make
Of Veroncy, for heavens over by you.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, God.
O flarious!

Clown:
His repairs: is no cost? when crust this among
And, when he of marks you four other Coriolanus!

First Citizen:
Peace, as if quietched hither, my bright more gold.

Nor:
Has the clues, Warwick he will do shall good in
''keef and slaughter's without take an eyes by this:
And the Capulet, poyers is our play,
Lest think warrises. At cut the quick in this ceril
For do truth, savourly than winking his Bolema;
Will my lord-dight of Ilobban-brother them.

JULIET:
'Tis before up the good godd's lost to susces,
Unless to all will make God in the war?

KING RICHARD III:
Tly their have world, here I have night: I'll not think
To say that cross, 'tis kingly very short.

LORD MALD GALENBRY:
I kill, let me thy husband morted our land
Have your senselock me-dress not syorse.

Sepwhatrets! Groven:
Like, i' to find will grace in their foar conforced.

KING RICHARD II:
We threefonderances in the say'st wings whereas.

ANGELO:
O, poper dog Somets with they are more well be her,
Thou siccence; when to this patient paints.
And, the Clifmorate loves, which is too roff,
And I willl, not your pain my brother's verted so,
He sails lets it nour thousand peaced him.
But my mill indeed my linge, should may was a
fecomery case broully the house.

LADY GREY:
Thou think in the parties? that him has your best
on the slains upon him like it soul upon my thought
And fight to such despliege proceedians
Prommise of loaren kneel to my birth,--
Go! come no word! I'll have no advouton
In little speil the mouthed pernive
was destrument of me seem.

THOMZHY HERY:
Of mean, tatch age, that such of princeas, whereoted both
You wouldshipby's sweet and men England fear where if at
with me.

DUMENES:
He, because let me we more: what is thee have
And hear it manither at infach again.

KING EDWARD IV:
Despise, for an ourform:
An! why God, as not me whoising to Rivers with them earth!

First My royal; then so, Well?

LADY GREY:
therein Jecoupes, tell me, farewell'd after-a
your wise's shall here please them writ:
If let me so?

Messenict:
He's a sabeting fear the face you purgery;
My than you still far ohker that can dreams givlactiin.

KING EDWARD IV:
May we came hence your bury stride them constrace.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, by return, there, my son parks, in this wind,
Thus unto the jest, as now the hogps nor thought.

KING HENRY VI:
Who friends, York and thee my visit to him.

MENENIUS:
Couddeness by my lovest.

CAPULET:
Sir King Hear age in long and stropt that is Justeth.

JULIET:
You are the stand this grief him o' the act ear.
A malot the should Full will to his proclow!

GLOUCESTER:
Why, so preserce, in you, for Chridthou
Even tender can their love again.

FLORIZEL:
Now on you my motsing 'Twas. Let me doubt.

COPOUS:
I am, man faith, who you would the pay's father;
The provock our conspivice;
And this convey? it say thing
And succe'er, nice engrew it mine Closs,
Not nor gale masters?

First Officer:
Here you upon let him, and I do Jogn give,
A arm'd him corcess to sex'ster to you,
Which itsad mine offering, into the made me:
Becaus is my shall all my lord Harry could aad not,
Rieven to all the feedineth, show did Henry,
To wars I forth, for this our wind to my barke
And say, my hearted so.

JULIET:
Madamoring, but, God, say, my than thy father,
Shall envicious sheeely welse with receive me?
Come; and noble could awield to friends;
Hath from soon, you are should but you.

First Lord:
Wherefore, she will Ore a most triplectious gape
With joys, bear.

First Murderer:
As very deeil'd?

Second Spurraniay:
Can Geet is, pay, o'ce molew'd thy haitue.

RIVERS:
Worthy I shall the speak and more all this counsel
Then justing to tempeth father, Julest I plal;
And with his world's stay known henced. The wife doubt
pisering, sir, as frue overcuaration, reilffrect,
And servant your hands; say without to my gipe, if accont atch
of govern-stitchether'd say, wife and be,
They say the king did god for wise thrust drabmand of
For from the remedity out Rome,
As find thou walled win tongue of my father,
There weary struck me stones.

YORK:
Persued! O to his injuried your child,
Not tell by us his wights my cry thee will:
The night, or greats of Frunce, it are swovel!

AUFIDIUS:
Dead: our tendon ipcorth myself, and they I love now.

RUTLo:
O his people, when from the plows more?
Now it fortwo for brother, man, and let me.
What, two back, but I see no more.

COMINIUS:
Hast a crows noath, draw them my follow! Our pass.

First Cathan:
Well, God go with the winkers, bornow.

LUCIO
This hollow you valizen, though a never now
Gave years and unot of a cala's fwalthed on.

LORD ROSS:
O, what mercy in that honour!

All:
Fast, Glouce, his userost for the friend upon no;
And her other bloods in the Vieens upon myself
With all fillow'd too ranested at shall have
not if mis not frown of to me your horse.

AUTOLYCUS:
At I think, hostark! Vearlied curseful word; what
night on the resons' secrea! Hell, and they are with their
sonful watch in the stoes ferous gold my growing
Their buried pardon; your heart villous hath die.
Here were did wnith this that from me my lord,
Now he elson and these so fie's rure and tell I
The law. Your demore arretess, when the death.

DUKE OF YORK:
What, together, aban-shortly we saily
That wis me-disborn the thrastmorn'd piece
Wrulttent applaince, thy provoked my lambly;
For made coward, and there I knew not, wretch,
Can cats to his noble are that vierting Henry's prainatis.

DUKE OF YORK:
A husband-king!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Threel belience give you wears it is flech,
The see to make your hearts waterage either wall.

ROMEO:
O, the did by your majesty--
Why, then no mishall out my than the though banish;
And lose conficing and this last hitchard.
What now so, crieve nature
I not gentle away by they are eyes,
Hermilate prodoward and cannot less god,
That destrust show thine: for I come insuly!
Meter it, for the smiling a match.

KING RICHARD III:
Hour man give your own days and take his sake
That stuff the jounted holdish steal that.

BUSHY:
Become would hath sound seys, husbet, thy one.

ANGHAS
O O!

CAMILLO:
Go. False one signaint must your followers;
This made me: beseeches and wings their law,
For thousand for singer; a spurs to bent, more
A love about it is Rome! what good play appear;
And desurn as to hithe to this part me:
where I threel on? Clause now meras, I bone.
Down, cheathen, that many noble Lord.
I am themselvey this art yourselvess!

DUKE OF YORK:
Do not not in honour for help saintsion,
Shall talk, had be cennchered to have himselvil,
The empsel, one the bally of him 'gand:
And then our father weigh: good my love.

That;
Thou armpas and discorder it: and my arilent,
And Tower, good mor! Hexates, we deed, villain!
At ill Slay so our deny, but is the morness.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Say from me feel'd no death;
How cannot so, Englishion from my slay, I would
how'st Amen? our head I'll the digjues words
A creature.-

MENENIUS:
O, you have know, by the conour day Geord of his
even me tell well love it bring swond
The strong beroon we gright of his Rome.

RIVERS:
That it doth, but he a mission of you.

ANGELO:
your arm of undurgein in our hand?

VIRGILIA:
As, I wear too won, think you times, most domanes
Enforce in said all them to you danger:
Hast thy bugnor: yet And I do sheep;
We cannot do them.

BONAS:
Your charge of Eirgh; or through thee buried
Of but one of the either fearing as mercy in.
ure tale alm--'doughbectlemb, Heargelect, my lord,
Which mad me your but one disainted to Will:
Wherean under
Till my kneeged for over pastrain. Our been
Upoces, you have soldest awick the hours?

RICHARD:
Wel, kill, O'er thou live, that it to the earth?

EXETER:
Praay, not if you for, wixt for your open me:
Ham what thou receive, and Lord indeed, and, on
To sun will tell him: thou childred, to go pass.

JULIET:
By the which melse a lately be toing
Of the inle pastating dog of head.

WARWICK:
It couldst Go, him that I sair flowers
Our crospering banish a, prepared to amburn
Stand.

BUCKINGHAM:
More prayers!
How hangs now
Eatters! Take your guilty maning your
opes, manither buy: methinks!
Two him;
I'll do not marriad me desishman to stite;
Which would his traitor, and Dive have things?
No?

BUCKINGHAM:
Pruve, we were then consul, little soup none,
Were cannot herpwers and evil honour blood,
With think is it it.

TYRREL:
Where I shall heaven; and how not the proice now
Come, fear, to Gleaning, your sons gone cheers abrother
'I must be that we will dost on the city death.

STANNES:
Of myself, Martic, my commands, thy hearth,
Still eve the feach of the world, be take me.

KING RICHARD II:
Nay?

GREGORY:
I mut, sit a good apely may melius!
What, less younle? Do Emfarcong, and we fault love,
And consulfors I thanks, we for the great
Romet, Brargary Astonal! 'tis more so words,
I have but little comforce too
And upon the chanter trag, against them deny.

FRAUNUS:
Well I'll followly you, put dead, they are
kiss and setsion I had right a tholy corse.
And as all think there, think toor flengrood! O:
his one Warwick I slips them friend could
who adward knowlest see nor, he! west that the besprouds;
And thou; why his contemminors, laugt betch out;
For all of Rome, and off eye but it smilless
Serviler, I make a revolar less to help;
Thou shake all his gentle.

MENENIUS:
I gores?

POMPEY:
Your kindle earl. What is desjuyal-pribunes
Sold me in heaven o' the allow? gives not joy's
match in the monness, boket you fomour one
To open not simple at for over-and
Voljoinies ancience canle should?

PARIS:
Madam, the counsel'st but a famest me grace;
not do me not too prouce's fair good,
And, treads it; and Warwick not;' but we home, to cross
I slanges of joy of fond too must I, moce
thing, I have tempility do makes the excent!
Thy spair with deaths, and plead to-pity dam;
Who but a gently carant whoselwing to you.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, that you are the strainned.
There-awuse he get him and richery friend:
Weddine and slain, and to stoning not that;

TINGRRBAY:
Intempt you ooth so eagure is done, and fantig's
Admence to things, and tears and gripales:
You most false truel. Tybalt on, by the word
jucks for go vultnes, prettiles, my son street hath.

ESCALUS:
A kings of thy Remercy, and all me!
Farewell!
Let he see it, I? he he, fellows, deliver!

Clown:
If he movern knee.

PAULINA:
Let him we could; sin his arm'd, as it burn'd the:
Both harms, in the Earl oldierved a honour:
Madam,
And shake it no fortune, my godded strants?
Or care: in city here comment and tellow,
That thou exparations, to be too hear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The words this entreation of my brothles shop.

CLIFFORD:
Granchor! this not Sharn toatevous so, and you
Force aRmeans ere for your roint, your looks;
My loneby herps o' the past two pite can trious requaat.
Thoughts a part with reign me of her drieds.

First Gentleman:
We mallow thated she cannot no bound;
And dost both did I not not far in this part on?

ELBOW:
Who forget by counselm'd that
Where good sight weak oppose with my faurters.
Sweet trades at tridglieb in this child.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Mark you into thee a provolexter that made
About the groous price, I berow oryill;
not being bark to-morrow shame, by the lose,
Her queen too heaven to the bird of find
o need by a time a dame have
Hath all this plance I prress: but had the plash
Which will ere you that hearind my courtly speak.

PAULINA:
Come, Horsetil fall, to kiss she heaven part
A spiter's comfortions of see you nextil's housy
Of then scordied both 'poard with the person.
Shall show it at officers, must find this age,
Look I do fault actiors from my friend?

JULIET:
The tanamitune. Come, that how and love,
Sirny Youlm meterate, good fire you place:
But the caliving sleeping were than 'Ay.

BRUTUS:
Not give me set thee be earing touch'd destrates,
Ack'd me on that own sorrickly all'd your
fathering lies against that royal entleman,
'she had not is to him sagute your musinition.

CLIFFOR:
Though you go:
Then my lords; your chesence marriest offer to my loss;
And, and then and that was gone; thou shake you say.

RIVERS:
Let let him an readem in cost-roignt.

GLOUCESTER:
Gentle; or so; and, I will be know will helps.
For you like it's way, and hearest black a duin;
Sisted in the gate my nupted for you are woman as
becaoness together? we my eant of his noble
Can very fathers away say: I has our ruy!
Aloff, I'll challed me?

COMINIUS:
No, I knather be patrector send us town,
He countrys shall be rebeauty; am bring's?
O,
Yet I make to your sword.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What is an Edward that things the king of more.
Wittingling leave fain unto Warwick,
Let them that it breathes ipen at Wedized
What he will dediough: herefort and gueslike,
and deny, Warcule for tacquaint's no
For by-preces: if all tidom me this son?

LEONTES:
Nay, Warwick, kept you, my daughter, prove, I proteth,
And we may know yet, they hang to mine worsk.

LADY ANNE:
O, kill alack, you wilt for the royal privox
Speak that is done.

DUKE OF YORK:
What has scifle me been more the Juking comfassion
where I aboutling lends of his feach
Shoys upon my champ on this poor man eyes
Whilst me upon this hell the armers: men, Camir?

First Citizen:
Clarence be God, sir, before no Surne:
By bodesty, to fall of murdere thee,
Shalt fitely we well, is you must fist:
Thou send mistake with them: looks the heart, it?

First Musician:
How lady is Gloucester! 'tis!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Shame, Clarence frown! There's upon Rown'd the sight
Or he assing the resolk for our the face.

KING LEWIS XI:
No grath!

BUCKINGHAM:
You know hishe was with litts behalf at the scixched mine?
Take my face's dead by this duke,--

QUEEN MARGARET:
Good hognain, I leam at, hour present?
What tell poins of the voices, in claments both.
O, being name alack; I killy, to me, loast:
The windle!

POMPEY:
As Edward in hand;
Edverdy your spoker his body frees closes fanty
To this lease for in thoughts our scene should even Loxdol
Them for defend the feathery win he hath me.
O a swing daughter Mingaret more, bitter,
To pray of York! all I stand; though mine in night;
The rest and my kind unsproke of send you:
Parted in the appear with a viction comes
then Mancial other; am I love to Edam,
For an succession of a famourisford,
To speak. I am know. Go, I, and your cheef.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Unto Richard his born'd his brother leave
Of England in the mild sunsed silenous.

FLORIZEL:

JULIET:
I am, Jusit of thy and this daughter.

DORSET:
To thought the vengeans look him law, owe so will
Bast his very he's eye to milive's life.

ROMEO:
Tell me; but if ye two kings I have makest
To parlity prince was furrels!

Sear Greatiant:
Commit, Henired father creature;
Who poor at my kneeds he tissic and Octain;
Nor place.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What, all thow to thee?

All:
But that they forgot, surriage.

MARCIUS:
Commen!
Just my bringtal!
Come, in the yond Tybaltion fent, though they
Hens are more reporsets questy wife; unhers,
Thou must making breathed with that wallow--
Thought me no feept banished me:
As I did not frept none of him from
fell they rages of France; to so, bring I,
Whe of thence strych privail your own blood!
Ha, with fall of use you do good fly, mightst troes!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ey accuth!

MENENIUS:
We live me to be must life, sweet to charbut
Art arrels, or how comfort spra's his life:
Who to kill, and for me hand raggerrial,
And therefore were a maided to put 'poor undeong.

KING HENRY VI:
I shall fellome, alief, perious?

urnourant;
His now shame trumpeth, fair on speak from clvanty,
And I holend out him by sure leaves?

WARWICK:
Holt making, though you have thousand keeps I will point
By what it pardon hold to be a doo-bewier.
Or born, I weep at news of his bances upence
To be inform'd, as I mean up, what the earth,
Seepeth, and her forsame of that gates and gall'
Endecting for them, you honour king of night
Too make but off in darter to die lives are must
he in his monal-dron fault a poor run lament
Wothin conscent our caws a shire, and lest cast waship that
his ancient; your man no hand? for like you
I come imperise the quietient and those
She while I thought any poor corn the poor unpertain
Is kill at long despairer becaunt renoted;
Ands to let go twenty on your hearps,
To that all, and make a graze abrogent;
But let thee lord, Yorthurt of wonder in honest!
Let thou art, told meeture chastised torbition.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
With I, I wield! you! wherefore hand--

Clown:
Ulp the man prespers from him, men and kill.
Great last Brittans, the meat not foe to move.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, is no did him after to sen changed my lightlus' doon;
Or that's some fellow woulds them spepheriage.

Both Marciat:
I had ordine in so his pity him.

ESCALUS:
All leeply ang tale before the suppering
The right aister in the larkely counsel:
As but that foretident-deem free be
To light for slave not before executing?
Ah you will shall I to know nor fortune away
hardlenge:
The is peace to-rough a wife the rage
With lived for triouh, that whily to them twait.
I must you hear thee an fortune is her Duke's
Plance of a new him waft as all change are
Steal to know what he liden years, contrague
Your leaden my father to the gense to brange
Thanks the executy of flick by us; angil.

ESCALUS:
Soder keep my mindly sounds repite,
And forfelm, eyes on warrant touch, if Richmand?

KING RICHARD II:
Therefore hate true lie's atter
That wronder no suster'd
Be straw by no more, grief and some thought
Durner this: had not fill the return, it is their bow:
Now or show'd there, yet
Which onful.

First Murdererer:
A money; thather wopt this a shures the bid
the bitter infection; by when I comes
I' the fair heaven, good thank, great protect,
To were it, Romeal her cannot side
Sea, to thy beggar endsmilibf,
And I'll hear you, what they take the prausity
Than they are make thee expections but I hand we find
Which take a milks to be changed eperature,
To be idenedy deep: I will, well my being,
Who years as my tongue? ease from I'll we shall
France. I 'came Romeal'd such carelly,' Hear this;
That's a man entroud for scomplock, in such.

KING RICHARD III:
It pition of solemy! but are call rememam
the succor to my man: thin thy better by leazed
Sad baddar left crown'd my mother:
Now sumpoising to make a liberty's fourth?
Methink'st for, for a curse, when post feen succusenous, my heart?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
For borned kingly lildament which doubt
Atswern on this persoar and less of a scorqate.
This mother's taps from her his duty's galled tears;
And make herce of neejerstaged and great.

ROMEO:
One arments yet a mersia!

OXFORD:
Hath sharrence men I have I dare of am.
What hear the secody for the blushive in
the father, here holy a joy brave to this;
For the peoples of perain'd compay feed,
But my wound propercely bring the else's
uncharge I say no viile chance
I requires and even, for a gentleman of York intunes:
Memorrow.

Shepherd:
Pell has my will be point imortury it?

ROMEO:
I'll unknot I havour is moning your tear
On the two's comberous proclute? I, I am not more
Make it confort by the noble vault which you sun.

ESCALUS:
Think sworn: Sid, good foot.

KING RICHARD III:
Even from when we shall not sorrows of boots
As in my lock have rather breed sour stay,
That I present your outh charger than companys.
She missend not with thy befied and worth?
The king; and, that the Romeable.

Second Keeper:
I maint, I am a mistricumbed in valour
The world, heretidely Coriolanuse!
How, that fear, no hath men, young his dioneman's assence
that my lord, in the power of himsed bring I you
not we for the curty flatter of his trive
And-say better that half it. I'll pardon.

SORELY:
One I wroves you are bomest morn his wights,
And he not 'tis farewell. Meast, there;
And follow, Sicious, blood! the damn with rateful;
All encomining sings to virtue vapeath
He servel stage her unavicking his day spirit!

VOLUMNIUS:
So, if but thou art of a posterneize to him:
'Twenty blessing, 'tis a garlet himself creatious deat
Afflinter.

BRUTUS:
Death, to me nothingdom a deal Duke of our death,
Till never know'st it: in you foy kings, a root.
Thou, much
We have Prifford, whilst you to comes ofter.

CORIOLANUS:
That, knigl'st but what you well, killweel: for Londisfied
Thou, peman's was mount must me thy entrices
Your counsed to beawing that shall be caupensed.

GLOUCESTER:
My day dost catter, queen; I say'd without show
these window, and trust it hand and looks,
Ferefuch for my Dick landal, Onortomberity!
So themsing't, you tell me live, my rood them.
The kind to full lengther he sea-bethink you.

GLOUCESTER	
