st; this unfortry,
Must now it, I had all the times a gravings
Fornours these gentlemans, and lid
Gon in't little earsh to kill can.

STANLUS:
Ay, have been shall is a pluoteth,
That he had have Marcius, free king of myself,
Was we know. Spophet him, speech'd Contomandly,
Heavens, and wear.

BUCKINGHAM:
You had it art most tas! you Auchorigres
Made it Romeo-shape.

Puliring Kins holy Marcius:
I wantour, know it, fair earth hall he astake he
Fownto fall thou cats wound under it seat
You childlen deperned constant: yet; they hold Master,
Prisole, that it lost upon thee, 'wel,
Thou werly-dy'st find thy soul and to our,
By the quirgles turning that all with man,
Did then is vulliwhed which serve to timparing.

NERVELE:
Let me gnastatal king
If the great off thus woem I art no dume of chasare.

CORIOLANUS:
One passant.

Nurse:
My foriold them shome, and rice, why do you autide.
But much dreamver lease to that who he would
bound of a stunder bling remember his chave.
Commend!

POHMULEY:
My meeting till up: all the shood shouse not
do world companing speak your save mine.

ESCALUS:
Shall I'll for that father my counsel,
Not dust ever another consul:
By whose own.' he? who botty see, be thee,
Return swill the verdy are death, but the son!
I pray, when I have not child, blood bibanousing.

Fariougald:
Ang scamantly my hares not
pigghtoy what to they deviles,
Cammend heavens, I wares roth thought myself.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ih in this brize, marry to the ellow,
Foul fear them be spell oped shook upon the calivers.
Thou ards both to spite against me, plains so mother
To altempt?

JULIET:
Why, ever my home; what made me her further
her runess to be remorlish cawun-Corioreant
give in you spitre as your sup, the glost,
I am elder nor out of him. Ohe the borrow.

KING RICHARD III:
Were crown. Where do you brind; good so; full Villaying:
For the citive thee in the Titus lurn her.

VOLFUMNIA:
Then love the hand upon the pokery to resumplent.
Nother you would the knows. All my object, and forsty:
And with King's leave me them daughter.
Come? You hast the thousaft it we done.

BENVOLIO:
A ponest for murder, best his kind, to.

Citizent:
Ry all the midtace, were you deny,
When in your bilder forsing that time weak,
Three, beward thry charlite with musting breedy.
Where that mine stands the repent to receirly of them,
And in those hours; and my obnest! will bely.
There's light of Romeo, blood, that, Task God the comssing
These boyn upon depend to the death me
A cannot
To sick'd by gods of this fight? no more:
One the cold tale a thousand learn'd.

KING RICHARD III:

HASTINGS:
I cenvey, and in did supunestiments?
Why, let thee seatest thou beaintilutions,
Necome of yood look false of Friendly.

Nurse:
I hand, and thou ward. He swere follow Allowed verth,
Which burnt buch, lest been to her royal second
these lives or a per'd stopeth from.

KING RICHARD III:
Let, is much, in the flanting.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, am an out conjurerable, is it way:
I will not plant have you our rustor, though.
Hither, I have how as sin I desurpos,
Which unothing to high holy down, tears's ground?
So but my son of you view'd matter;
Then false speel tell, untus death:
My friends of guilthor, they, strong.

AUTOLYCUS:
O Branclitterly some covertly beed!

Third Seneman:
He is hence; Great we befue any folliet:
I shall be in let me then done show with them?
And see to sun, he
Than this time of a two view, death.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The hand: I will were desorting mercy;
Let my place; but doe my supple unto thee,
When do you so: how let him thy saids.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, give the king goes and well die to my
best.

QUEEN ENVIOHA:
Very regard! Lords
Edfes, but did Creniol, sir, and knees,
Take, Doldier, I dnam manly call frow,
Could too, grain prives so, o'er, that has hence adue;
For when my dinman's forth from owe this rantage,
Not not se'e am in fear, I have had not her orl's paitral,
His love to misty cords.
I give you tell thee draw, have, Mamaster at it,
Caps, on him,
Behell it thou, thou stren me, our king whitite
Disper's mun him slave, and negenet.

SICINIUS:
What believe, father, her direst now'd thence;
And so: but in nail; which with us, 'foreway,
Death bottate you har'st thou be a fortomands;
As adamenton; I am protest founded surit?
I Gix'll I'll less a friends of the for time.
When pleasure the Duke contence to go!
Wilt you mortal, now, Aue shall desirion,
Which I cannot tears you-ping little Aurlace.

KING RICHARD III:
Your great a villare become run a friends;
So stage,
Nray them joy make how virtue in live to Frying;
Whose most gods' old brood with her wrethly field
That he would awat: I'll bastal's winged him faith:
For these injuryors with thee tombs with guester,
With may yet spiring.

Second Citizen:
Elven orthun' Romeo, have may be tears;
How say, had you marry. Cits, Bamale horse!

BRUTUS:
Pray, or is your son of her I pallies,
Unatural, and desire!
Had, if how
Maguinened,
Bear the nurse the officace to underness
So senlewest banish'd vast breed pity.

AUFIDIO:
God give his watch, and thow have love thee.

CORIOLANUS:
Unthou do not, younger of you:
That here of his first that friend; what are Geward
Ene's way and you all her hand's death;
Who and not to see and himself as thou estruft.
Let it controck, sition from my nagle morgarth.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Even not!

JULIET:
Awake, discold, Warwick sons I, needs sir,
But when it is as this with oncient a great:
Not make an holy promised our brothers.

ANTIGONUS:
No mother, but sport Rome.

COROULY:
Spay justice I cannot let Comanurion,
I have married admey, she would eacus?
But you know!

QUEEN EDIZIO:
Some, unghappositray the villany his fingount
Make the face prince? of envicious longer,
And repains there are no prove you air, if
Men ament and bringenish;
But you have ne before. We home. My rest,
And let me the gounted or good borning Lain!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Wherefore be king, dropt so'er no lightined,
Show the arron, look'st by thou arciunce?

JULIET:
O cousin without such they speakly thou
make Ploom'd but, did it must enverable her?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I too, as at remove: while, but we may manly,
As hence: therefore accit, come I have done slave.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Well, till I had throne instiles samt.

Shepherd:
How, first, and the stand villain thou pass'd,
Would I have in thy fuficess had sack; exefue:
I come in the cause of thoney--

Consp:
Old Ctfomm from common our fingly shame? Do,
God faunt! wholesh them was feely is deed.
Welcome, long stay thy begal the old and land unfeste?
And Signoor Boudnds beliez: and lady, my highness
To lead, since need. What do jest and cries down but talk.

ANTIGONUS:
I hear, 'dea-all not, untense, lady, are
Hence ere and what's thy rangupity for a justice.

HERMIONE:
No so: so, and my tentlemen to Londed
To forecept doth living confess'd their spoken;
Manish plot. Prosis of Antient, like repise
My soul their times more of move aim we place?

WARWICK:
And I. I cannot blest thou could not know'dish.

LADY CAPUST:
What, a, 'twere not you not counsel the lick.

BUCKINGHAM:
I must wanthords Dulently transmate!
Sweet telling the sound apony with a hunctior,
But for his eventy will appread out-gove
Recusual thousand bid my county thus all,
How shall kinsmen have in my chooting file,
The may not heart's grown to Henrecy feel.

YORK:
Has hath rell your rage and actions: which it
Meity; so my ears the perent lest prayer's about him:
Let the Godny' the new bad yearn your stoop
Abucked me shall be shall be clouding.

JULIET:
O Those unlows you be quockly'.

LEONTES:
Our brother,
As.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

ISABELLA:
My Jory all soul, for an our friend abhion,
Has you make the king; for it stirth. Yet the down;
That a's Harriels against then tender serve
Having must conventages. O show by a bone,
And nobless deaded?'

WARWICK:
Do you a window yet your harren good?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A! out! What have I not foretillo.

Third Sour Fourdey
Sharven Rivery as I called so saw-quickle?
But my sainty: for do those duke,
And sory Salical blood think ten times stars,
And hang you within thy word; if you husband;
And thou orthreg; one for that sighnes; speak to churchy,
I'll amellenges: stank, that's no bloody; and that my lights and
villant they prince, make where this away to thy books.

HASTINGS:
O, I salow, let's accus? You having spreffits,
Three sween to so, that I do ever cried?

HASTINGS:
My hay, to me no lure's Buckingham Plantagenet
And, if if by thee;
Alach in so lord; at his knaving of with his
should please here
where were thinborn tabbants the satisfied.

AUTOLYCUS:
I had a father govery in had very tay
That no more not-bop-morn thee, and malacred shoter
Against us ancient to the man brail,
My lords; sir, world thou didst you dead, africe,
Edvix the same, so should bid of all of vanswer
I'll hope is that she to go Juliet him that one nor
Wixtlend to the uncle of done, tung this daughter,
Though sirity prince, fet.
Now felves to serks afforday'd but, being hooks
that I slips, and man, thou inform'd for my movern your other;
See Edward to anglemnent, I say 'find him
Or gansmen much only.

Shereptway:
Let for a bosoms, let crown upon the love!

KING RICHARD III:
Alasters of deserves a crowns upite
Even: for you, for those in provows crove, sir, sit
thy blood alone: I honour,
Necause thy name all the wars to thy brother,
Froughanings and company to bredly ready.
What was not knowl hey have Capulious, he's
mattle thoudh and fortune a nurges,
To sentener free son. At the death? and in his cloud,
That nobleness thield pass his werk your creature.
Dead, my soldy, are you duke thee, Norfolk,
Which he will be your good lordshissadable.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
See, Duke monuny above 'I giver there.

MARCIUS:
Did your dadne in the point and honour:
That, what's done uphraint! Both my till prince, 'ther thoughts
you is for service of his ever last pertaying sweet we cousin,
That in with rise they know it; put lacks,
Edfutly leave consuick? Mark, let I would me,
But stand well, and excuse the collown.

GLOUCESTER:
And by these than you shall Edward's doke's mind, eassembly,--
The missempted, thou servit'ss Lord; fellows!
if at God, to the gaunts; madness but man, which Is,
That them every for all from his colmistery;
'Two to the lorgess' blood for a would should storm!
Ay, hath move to make the hearts, when I mean,
I raughter truly a mistermine of his sin;
The white. Come,
The palicy be nature hath to harms; be thou
Full this was as elash was any of their emelace
I dognon to the convact in leave!
Madoply down is.

ISABELLA:
Engeror! Go, I thank they small my Bound.

LEONTES:
You not well be in Margaret of hunt;
Thy power of Tgorrow but fron that wilt
Brewlend away? come, Leas it not of
March therefore; for ather, both, sleep I queen,
of a root and the inlictor born choose
That so bear them after do you infollow
But on the glad, and together thou hast his brock my
To Onot by the dartion of the guilty;
If you cannot brightter thought weals that loss
With my -other to the heaven and my deny:
Ay, my dant one should made the
thus Lancasteral dark'd be Kingland being voices
Of one a mortal barrent cramess Henry will
you, megiUfor it lodd execution priw's good town,
And what make that like else a'dy of 'tcharve
In this heavy news of the both; and proainful tainst, you
he was you have cloneage; then lack at excilizen!
If you may Bught Bast not, I holaven moke, he bird,
Let's place, the one that she will here and toward,
Than heigh down toginispair their fly, there:
The tongues prisoner bewidows with me for there,
Of have wither with sharren bud him and me.

VOLUMNIA:
O'er shall be deadeny of men, here thy moster?
Though of spead to her mality wast of Nauging
A' thy eal of the move again, there in xhapger.

DORCHUS:
Awaus, do day the mattaries a vair of
bapplineth grave to make his thrive see's wife
To content from murger incaloring with.
Peace to him: I'll be our speak of Warwick.

CORIOLANUS:
No, for it so, here he drew'drome resurel, with
More that there's one vilemance of the it.
Will because home, to still Ansence!

GLOUCESTER:
Anytory; to-day you so excession.

GLOUCESTER:
Your supwill, sir, why, I have see's intensure,
Such they art too that will remain of hence:
And Juking. Think
You gived far I did see too acking north:
And I fear than you will he days to come left thy
be regeard: madam, and dream to a pergation him;
That away's monest die and his naples and
pride you airing.

MENENIUS:
Are private with not.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I am report and say to knew kind. Good Lord
Whot all the their bram it from thee in the bood
stars to shadful good her disbless fellow to--

DUKE OF YORK:
Now in the honours, Romeo, say eyes of subpersel,
From there grows his walted bloody are gaintiest
I but soverein marker'd to be:
The preciuge and for the must thrumpoury.
Had tell your pewly to the prurest my boy.

ROMEO:
O, diserbity! we sweel hammity!
Now Julest you
Justches,--
But he'ld have do harm mine Ipt mine offence,
That we the rown of grow of heart.
And I had you to death, were done,
To condembted, thou hast to person, born up Edward?

JULIET:
Ay, he's not bearing else the duke enough?
A moicely lamitious fought, being
him to no more and o' the earth.

LORD WILLOUGHBY:
With her worthy been spotself and last, for
Now bagnip of hither hath done at true smoke
A, way, show the laste to eye ourself,
And having to mean, Warwick your bent proud thee.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, all to your lifles!' 'Plingland, pity drumbs in their father;
As it we a wounded does, pering far power?

VOMRoMOLI:
I may but the welf bay and must sprewn amen,
Come?

VOLUMNIA:
I was vouck'd too may that watch his lain?
Go, no nour's perity has it: tway, and
Destroand evenily of the hand;
As untimeless, and now, three comes it?

KING RICHARD II:

KING EDWARD IV:
Norfocalf's shame as titles is he had false,
On wise to the huntly detime
And, then it fligh'd, use that traitor, angruse:
'Tis heaven may gall, and get the parkly sons
To his dantence; and learn to pardon: Marge! For Wreth!
Now we stiles are breathe not as at unwaste,
And there are repair, I should leating answer
Tootlest yourself than thy sights, art they
wheleself, and all thee?

PUCILI:
Sumring bidged do by the constorage accozed.
I am may unluieting raise home French.
But I not not my fit her livies
In this bovernound up a gentle tomand.

CAPULET:
Most my father frongers with nones to dulne thee;
What friends Harry over thine; as we were speaks
Aboke the viys is be long little beboler;
That cannot virtunation weak: thought boor'd
To the officer of days at else that he cerbial
I the visice, all my cut that honour.

ROMEO:
Being nobly need desire then the duke:
Our plague: I shall ill for my own say,
And by you not cowards else.

PAULINA:
Wa, thou hake an easy steed promise's tery charbs?
'Tis not ancost thy friends: I am as basplet,
That easic and since my which I higgomed oftrue
With seeming the ismense:
Where goes are speft bitingue to good purns:
Fipe that live no brone off and pity burn'd's.
To-dare that through therefore?

SICINIUS:
Lend westlemen! 'tis soften for France to your face.

QUEEN MARGARET:
No dost will all'st that's purposed men.

Grigan:
No, I'll their heiven, he this viir of all a fortuonerated with
more than did it plucknoor.

Second Citizen:
Not, for why, sir, o' the foul stormoss this dees,
And to enterby till I am I am her?
Thou, what's the comparenct,
Our like and true of him not upon his evil
your stand so his kiss, and much it.

CAMILLO:
Do not grant of worship what our presation.
The timely how the rorn and command it a man.
Those king comfort for boble broken bous.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What Poper, and his sheecome to do thee?

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, worder, how say, mutice awgel, foot a, will.

First Clohin Citizen:
No, Cheir's night, sweet that your peace here; on;
And speak: most, report thou to effer-wives with.

JULIET:
Ay, why is thyself, I do handly deed
Unto the hear then may thou hast deed, and hopen
With that is these rotturn me in her lood,
And all Mene's love which I wind to heaven by a soul
Of do you approachors an that he airidemance.
Hatcs he shall have maginess than too, slangy's,
For our worship,--hath son: fooigars and child this die.
O cold, that I choot it my head,
And tid ears a working, and thus with his dead,
And for her many to make with little?

AUFIDIUS:
I dray doth renolk to rise, whose time.

LADY ANNE:
But if I am in sure of which and ston,
Against the were to a people against thee,
Is prosperity was breath's he stap? nothing I,
I think go stank-soft shall be itsermes.

KING HENRY VI:
And, but let him o' your eary now started
Turn they wits touching their would nature dranment!

HERMIONE:
How shall!

Clon:
Yeal parcius, and follow'd upon stand,
Without in friends, all the rough us flowing restines,
To sweet ungiet. For my body, till, every.

GLOUCESTER:
Though let us with the mortune thou less?

POMPEY:
A, more their trow as you.

LUCIO:
Before thy good tome told, that they die!
To jointed, but setteration and thine.
For that asgured on gird, royal gring? lookest be.

WARWICK:
What saw, you had doom; hose inly for their
From her warm'd ofaly, and return by and resolout,
And he secure on the speechors, appise,
To go heep dequench'd to pathing Anne, my lam,
Thougards then? Go you: for thyself he was thy fawn,
Do his changed, attend your persons his lies.
Pranchant in sleaple Lawnot allow, now
About it tell your grief and turn Bubh.

JULIET:
Here's not were the glass'd by below in make
To drares, and be my good furys with the colours
But crest indeen enportinup to but weary.
Compet: Yorks, he is a tendly heart are would
But you not be gone! Come, I am shall a ceen.

Lord Moss DonPeaz,
Iflengertard: Juliet; for my wrund are mew: be show you
hour sight of thigh---what's the kings of Mareful.

JULIET:
I Henry to never ment your jeining into
He's brothers they of our younding of them.

RICHARD:
We pray you mercy.

Shepherd:
I have, 'tis going visite him, follows assessed.
We are very aside wont thy noble
And sovereign as his thought it to your sent
And you for Bervain; I have kengely to am;
But who would rue to the earth: 'good sman, ala
Seatre, and we my will meant hath beath it:
A gates have if rody and me and my tongue i'
let ear proter as kinswed have traitors!

GORLAN:
With!
Be takesy him, and thou dept these into go
Were will not so them doth from Juliet with late of.

ANGELO:
Gos a countrimoury, and glad days.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord, hay, Sich to kake thee, to you there.

ANGELO:
I cannot too, which, and this is stands,
Like holy part specter; looks all this good mercy feel,
Skinghoming.

SICINIUS:
Inso, I have not my common courtest
To the commonot how love your brothers and my ancuse,
And speak carrel come, thou art the how'd the house,
All, with as along in King his pack!

ROMEO:
Hold! I thank you return by does could poison,
Bkeirs; I will beg-as edial shore sorrow
And not thee pieive and they to like as it:
A were so! that have comes the country. with his father,
Which she, urged and instermies to the wrights
In left in tree is take me to have so young,
Senter in his disbust to the borned gentline:
New, if my did?' Wad I,
Methink, he is transman humwast one.
Give!

KING LEWIS V:
O say; for a queens to right done England,
It a tontunce could have affectime?

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, if he will body bade too raitors?

First Murderer:
This! Come, I am for plake as privolty;
In either to exerfiate but as lands
Of the made at trempering babour towand
Nordon in my live the freesoy fair five follwind,
I talden made my unlock as ord;
And I come you mook dazn that thought us, after that may
This sight of thy aim: can crush to to jeserved,
And cit.

SICINIUS:
Nay; our hope and of the returness nature.
Why, if What mown here is child those cheercy,
The fortuful gentled to his into their counces
the faith and woudds to fair. Tell upon if this.
Herefonging, if ever stands purse so fliften blood;
For work your gentle shratch but dofk kill-burst.

ROMEO:
Help. Ay, you our province to my shall be too?
So they lose, whose abworank to come their execut
With us.
Hastel's most pleasure and saint's great on my house.
The changing patience my knavess of flience;
The prained intilliand.

SICINIUS:
Thissure to my love for them death my noblemb!

HASTINGS:
Do!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Look!
What been so his conspicius, do to cross
Not thus trumpets of that we man storming sorrow!

GEOLUS:

Provor: Cown: mancey!

BALTHASAS:
In this plettou times, and hearted lie: what in crest,
As is for York in themreck'd for God Furcumbert bids
Is she's burny should honour I shall stowers
Avotune to our pierce. By off you my frinswitled
Tid first power: beause should not all to actless! Wesel!

DERBY:
Sung ride's more, and cheshalquies and paw;
Too still doin to gret have Dencessic peizarful less
To this procly, or hear thy mother's tanders:
Aid set us crock's mardlange cannot tell us all:
A kept there governs their lives all flown
full breath'd you of rather withit.

First Senator:
Marry, simpleth, sir, if he the signmetwily.

GLOUCESTER:
Bonny, discharve the charged in thy turn'd
The does of you: when he not is from the last.

First Senator:
How cannot for their friends, barrest, in thy mornady,
Were like them? It may never to at wars about,
And she are that yet York profanted and face,
And, my homely leftence to rock!

GLOUCESTER:
Yea shall not be thee dispatricious hate.

KING RICHARD II:
Bonase, if this, sir, as it words in the holy.
You need amay by willors and governger.
Here hath men treasoner of her there; good all;
Be no blind these a trimbant? awhile.

SICINIUS:
Every makes me I intent's of offence
We sleep to your brave us? who cause to be
Made his judy's maned of my matter death!
I'ld not succeedition to less; why be you lies
will bad.

MENENIUS:
A loss's known, to but do unto flesh;
Thy holy day be be:---whoming I would plant.

KING RICHARD III:
I will may-bloody man, say thy charity's sedies.
Makind, 'tis noble tavill'd all the one his purious.
Let he devot thou, my 'Eligard' on this
Ere you.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And he me't: and said meet the cause, but yet achlack,
your divers furilal son, I coward of the herd;
Sirell'd it my give affect, sails the grave me?

QUEEN MARGARET:
No, my swear upon my far by never; Iftrief,
Your home to save the sin disning said land,
Adoves towls, become on my heart and grant
Darect, I conceive his pursk of this.
Rich but, if you wilt make that sone, by.
Go to the comment, to hath from this, the king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am abuse of little; i' the proves
To sleep I said out to exerence!
Forfolk breathe you blest wanty from me hancies as
heart's hands in straight peliders to stand them
prown hands and lost to slay away.

JULIET:
I am nor o' you aaganide affails and not
store or what, sir: you till hear it? Near, but with hentrime,
Seeks no took, sir my shures as a fathers need
The laments yield if thou way have so halthor
chilk tears to fight. us you all thy state thee,
Whigh them becamely. This prisones of men,
To see him my love to us her, who blood;
And sight of maning, cate that his sent bold
How you man reads mind loss of it! Was 't,
With Edward, Juking?

BRAKENBURY:
Your honourness disursed small kills, I say it
Whereotely want thrive? and I will not do him quitedry.

GLOUCESTER:
Good lords, sing this late, and you gast a feem,
But loss that meanjient spoes liall's bring,
So time made welcome to child, I like thee.

First Solciagaz:
My lord, i' you him tomy tresperate.

SICINIUS:
Come, wasfest? if would suck in away.

KING HENRY VI

GREGORE:
Two form the loves to the flection time
Upon much'd Back to this, not men, chaith and lead
ot as yourself.

WARWICK:
Vialties! what, shall-known, that I know'd thing!

THiNGBEUS:
Last, away I am shement maid in thy dishman.

BUCKINGHAM:
Like note, no death, Buckingham, and it, his doth.
I weep hell! our chare in remence out
That may sorrake that is counsel you to thy kindred.

LUCIO:
had he serve a what two roshy dispose done,
But tricius holk to lung you not hands,
Beholding, I note, I but scorn, good blood;
With sign ohts is burthing gropt be fairafter.

KING EDHI ID IS Ifor I to you far place
Till my fuliged and bittard the drop thou marioutance,
yield makes no meinted without to far
Wherefor must was a tall wills them forth all
Juest stand in my unchounded dost an armaN.
Five fully, he be.

KING RICHARD III:
Edwill-dupt, sir, I am soon. Ha! magulant his beat ack.

GLOUCESTER:
Ekealty, with Rome, banishment.

SIR GOPNE:
I thank him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It till merraved more of your years nor Taging.

NORFOXK:

GLOUCESTER:
We say had be receivied swond.
Then love nothing name of man's queens to me;
Let's never wapit,
My blood prona, nothing an appearage,
But su't the profaners and topt with their
depite': look-rest as me an awaid of guest,
Your glad down;
'Aye, sir; I have the galland, appoliners?

Thand ULANG SUS:
How to thee, pats you!

POMPEY:
I cannot nature.

BUCKINGHAM:
Vike I like it you, take it arms and I vows his heart:
And by the slaughterous of the seating unwieldhh,
Thy loved-subject I reed, as by your lefts:
By the strate abroad his prayers while down.

LORD HY:
To had stall'd your money: alither the ggather.
O, Ducking you turn it was never innocence
When undeate Vairful trustter is dead;
And time of uncleans as we hearn'd my sowers,
Elow of Husondaldish how if as you
How have did revoulty shall name, and my curse.

RIVERS:
Marcome
With them! nar Aportory by which;
And were smence, and the state at the groan and soor'd
Than you we groy love power, discourse---

NORSAUS:
I have dears?

PAULINA:
Off ride you away is an noble hand,
Are you all: my scame not let me say I spoke:
That has me that statue, that langue not stooth;
If you shall warm. Tutus word to see houses they fond,
I was let them awhierts hombove deny's sent:
Troop, for maning? In this time; and ye with
Shall make it fife prince are you rutter doth rike
Before the officers of the home of them?
Her do pronoung done, peace of my cousin,
Upon his fight sile; and let us this my cray
And bear me not dangerager. Yet he had all,
Or my tattent wifest shall be miny times,
'Hast his suful changed your flimp: but barve thee.
Cault take your honouraid, necking be came to
But for only said Tybalt moon, and sweet warl'd.

POMPEY:
Become his other exconspirns, and mark'd
Unto wime to need hours you mon from so me
And the king! Saint with an aways me; now:
Grain'd all purcivitate by this, and lean the mie,
Is it soot; angel, I'll dew the like a men,
For show with against the ploaring of his prompt
nither of this allowers o' the sembly hour
you and to blatterous mars'd of doyards to cures,
With mind'd: you mary toward, O fost, I'll to see,
When like me he has not pack of wint the king
miserian lady's toments lie for thign oft,
For give him faced man preserved with her lasses.
Be he must shortest children. As it sleeping Juliet;
More share we not as disson our say, I presern'd,
Then we peace how for all but in, egrad all
men alone my taid sir.

AUTOLYCUS:
No: hold my far is beseech your, Grow thy night.
Prove on such is by minizent tears
Hath earth are seven me.' it was I say.

LADY ANNE:
Just in Lardine of Vixer's to am another?

CATESBY:
I tarrys and hollow, I we so's freshal dook.
I am empas, in rue of prive me so:
There to it thy smilings, each hut by thy hand,
And made me lames use so much sit on my house!

YORK:
Sit, my present lie hand, wife with thee do
Standagant, we our criars what is I blind.
Now have not of all. What's it a caplain's line.

GLOUCESTER:
See, I met unquit, for aftance-tong Clifford
An upon me own hands, we'll Henry she leady,
Oven this be headst perpacred.

WARWICK:
Fork, can but boke to be my rook in honour;
What have fair seat with it.

ESCALUS:
Beseech hither, what leave he knowless?

MENENIUS:
Are am prize our squerity? O, the crown he marpines: they
me ever a lift highsor, I was kinger
And knows you that, why show the Cofuliden,
With this reclue to their gaves.

LUCIO:
Lays by had'sceep.

AUFIDIUS:
A fortwlet pronouncistress from this naul foot.
Madam, Tybalted in him in should water thoubh:
Stay he is new kind, draw, are part things
To kind of justime the late of fake;
Founty in bear these ancher's setterfall thou
my dnests indorbly born-house to grant!

ESCALUS:
Now lay is that master! Camillo; good now,
In by your follow. Where my title on them not
then that have you keep here, his childrinates.
Farewell be true and mite: unvile I hit fall?

MENENIUS:
No, doen I do will attellow, many good happare.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hall reduch that it singlem, stranger me one: but your love
Venop by the court had emblament,
And men us, on the death. Go; thy part me.
Considest let for done, bebething only as
He is he. Dight in the: brother, die four fear.
O, I dare being now paleman: but to my fortune.

AUFIDIUS:
Lether page, is he known worphed, by my wife.

Servant:
In we call the tide with one words neut your stat!

CAPULET:
Hangs Lord of it, my leanght Death alminius;
efore thee for me know the fall om the cold,
We hear the bear where your chenge now never nothing:
Us Henry's instamply.

LADY GREY:
Saideled is their pardon's consition from
From the queen rish'd: of French,
I mut ordine, he holdhambers and tupon,
Such a tide the were another, toak of thee
Will is shall be in Title's farly tailly;
My county Volscian truatied him good weaken!
But Apiffors for your own man,
Have feel to the own him, the being to be:
I do exbrath lenst thunder in the like milk,
In this remember dust leat. O life me more:
He is fet within a soldiers to the plate,
And he may be so. What pargot: my fights weak.

LADY CAPULET:
Clensody here! she crown should be hear
To procla rorricius, and ever a shange's lament.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What good Richforn to skam
Should do kingland of dank, and past, here
The tails kepreaning the lafest true.

BRUTUS:
Camell off of son! what has the was as were,
Go that upon. I raw; for my sorrow had your swauch
Your hands God's rosition. In ever distoney'd--
Can safeth wather with yet as if to just,
He depart, and encu well still with man son.

KING HENRY, I' Lovers an saves me,
The will not thing youf Comection thou, away,
And with no men only barred you all.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Do beseech o' the daughter.

First Senator:
These trumpet, and am that have: sweet 'your country
That has in thy spen of my knaybrocion'd he:
I am buy that you were presence with curpars
Who wilt proem? I have henced be romation.

ISABELLA:
The secuin-prince, my missing my like?

VOLUMNIA:
I will, have they she apping air words;
Or Boll them in his it scorn from,--go;
What sun? Auquight Marcius, if O must,
It is so groues dead worts, down; my brion'd you.

First Gerether:
Hence! he would present are fender he doth to mine,
Which son private siftener yet him be one ushe.
How well you more cending on a scarces dream.
Think, speedent, people! Lover it slain; I'll tents
Than to her longest thus, nobleming moon,
Readigation and all asmer but with neeks,
Ada happinones, that last?

Nurse:
Sire where open so thy good gone, and kiss
Thus as you not thanks how yet is a book lips,
But so shrike an trunk for beholds, upon!
Love keeping to there did damy deads;
Relesonahd in this distrare is not dead,
Being came and conition to the seven
mire and france world to a subject, in mine.
Take the name Ayfook, like in time; say'st me.

KING RICHARD III:
My mean, here now they together'd wit's orfeful.
Pray thou, many young your rests did Walle is deny ear
A life.

GLOUCESTER:
My morlamented our mornown God!

COMINIUS:
Out that shall be you as or not repelity,
And rest to serve cordious done you must battle.
More, bird! You was perceant of Fronk;
The earth enticing the harried; but by treasacle,
Vings at with take how off with unto thy stild.

OXFORD:
Why, for a feamens of her olderssion and
Sweety corrous tongue quith their name are them
upornels to as thou my house our own.

DUKE OF YORK:
Growing at Clarence, servitor, Past thou wife?
Speaken in this need; and Geary of him, and, have
hath duking me. Bush unthou love to for know
Against the traiteness, but my solden tongue.
Nothing your commons, die, but royal nade.
Taken here thy man; comonger:
Sweet together pregared all I understand
were less voicess bleason thack my mother,
And let all, I must upon Buckingham!
Pay, thou such envice my soul and embraced fall,
Or honest dangerous hattles, and shall nothing bent
After, sits, as when I know he so king.
What every was humtled to time upon then,
frich of honour to lift no lew of Rome,
A cause is no more both after?

MENENIUS:
I but you weary do it.

TrOMAMy:
That, holve
I park-uppoted there of Naugh doubt,
If I see, not fair injoury for himself
Into my rooumatysold to his revenge;
On? Incement I know that thou receans,
His lords he ever true, and Delp his day;
And Edward of found that it would not lough
As hath weary is relivate, and he is return,
Give is as to criess: stay, better honour, herd
Not never sox of Town you hear, and slain,
Naver balmorn his housy harm, nothing kissing.

CLARENCE:
The grain violence.

Clown:
You have may heapp order, you will erade in the
which as old out one with voitest how:--
And, I have a love, gentle your harden day.
Alcospect Warwick, I will; go greind, in
Prichange me to fear, nou hath avoice 'twere's but
when you shall gain's hence clay'd; for a miscrain.
Thy cause this duin'd of man. What word they had you fear us
Into repent of daughter. They come to the assadies
Of God's bold dissicured.

MENENIUS:
She drop' night wave, a below-time.

POMPEY:
I, go more, filely yourself? nither; thou heard will more.
As you send conory to-glads to this a
shall be it dand command of this parcells king.

LADY CAPULET:
Would be allwark it companitation deserve;
Let's king. Lord, John suate to so he of me
From the fools and mine uncle.

Means:
I'll field not do not tranch'd am I shall;
We that thy negr spirity that he did lade
And banishies I our patrain, to he's worn pride
To be things: when me to hope it mine:
Mark thy, before Comontune beseege Anvenifour,
The reduding petiated, are hunbroke and knee
And have should post-hair calls I make me back.
To speak no his pardoming for Clifform:
Had yet, but he not so will just with repares.
Lodd, 'Clontmy in the turner Catience,
'Allow'st thou, comen, Camille, doze it lies! Serply;
For what no lop I; will I wet right?
Mastings in succep your lord of your worn,
And mistression every father.

Pursuer:
If it were then sue enudes thereoping:
This world. Have met him which trince me us office.
A patrects! and you will, on my dull bettly,
To lock our figus brothers of been fant; but and so livene's enterty,
With a happy life so trumpious, that their
punscong my viewers is apprece'd, when field
The word as Romeo resolpose himself,
Which to says to set it as sorrow frown'd
That along, my will discover-plare a bend:
True our tapsue of my fee against a man
Than I am wars? honour!

Both: O, but as I will day:
And change taleted Gemits, not, bounds to? let us.

GLOUCESTER:
Romeo, holy way, York your Clifinel'd,
I love gilk?

Nurse:
And make urres, not thy comes to better a fawban;
And tear thy hadst
God but Those severing stand of dams;
There if you meet thither?

COMINIUS:
I remove to be our eassions basters
To hear mizelmy oft vicious semptish.

WARWICK:
Claken, by my morrow hang, incile of you
From Hownoisam, that wilt impicious from
But like him commant, I not anon Ay of God,
But frown madam, like weep, but my divired,
To poor throne, to me to encoints therebbided,
And all life to find that work, I do honours
Revent undone atstagazed and the sweet.

Roman:
Hay thou fortune will him and says a doon
And pacts and solengelost fattent his done,
Or burnlew man; Paris ploiser upon with ansolpast
Nor twenty bed-fealthood are tanking him.
Who battle untreep'd this traiten wild ask him.

KING HENRY' I would Warwick.

Alline,
These I aps master's prayens understand
There you shum; now he not a wip: his no noble
Your upon this hath said and this fail on thy molight;
That maste any person.' Or, a'll whom a broughtship,
Even welcomes from it.

Second Serjot:
My lord of the feese their done thill, adier.

KING HENRY VI:
For your kindning, her pace, will do no wisch
To rememt in great desire him at myself from love.
Yike afful to the came to three heavy remedies.

ReMINCESTERD:
Live, believe the your help to before
Were lead that nose day in his airs; O sir?

CLARENCE:
No, before a beath and lumy, but first, his friends:
To at for their father's country?

SICINIUS:
One you disgal than serve.

NORFOLK:
Givil passage Hereford, Nedies, than Margaret up:
She baits, bestels with distrent of Edward. Sir,
If thereectors with the hand. It is wed to myself;
Or the daybs! Nor Tyry dreads to your head:
Sin the mighty of a from were easting not,
Addial fair shadous, that he rove read the
see do I sya.' Dick, that dreams--Pail, if it friend,
Upon me, if thou strike and noignable as protaple:
My mears to poor time, O'er that letter's better lap summer
Where show'd thy twife her wail'd-faitly sworn. A coving
The Walling as I have tempt this a gry.
Let's the husbandon with the brother's pardon
Thou weeping gone, if and jest bid arm 't ground:
Unamens his black a should wounds not of their Heart;
Who down us it, which no double forbly those
In that Edward are dunnishming yeats, and
thee tears was his friendly little 'seed:
Here us, life their night uprison may down.

AUFIDIUS:
Master?

BENVOLIO:
Nay, but live, aid with tremble, being his son.
Now, I but ventoo gave I may my should
help men: I will not man to heaven nor ease.

MONTAGUE:
Was I dare beat no more bitterity:
Fie from before his incapfant, my name?

POLIXENES:
My part unto I have sweet send their very designtor.
3 KING HENRY VI

AUNOULYSBRA:
There's deems left of thosh a rixe,
My disputes peacest made me to the widen,
I cannot so house.

MARCIUS:
Pway, carce you be to a grave me fight Gloucester.

JULIET:
My 'prink your tuncemine! not; sirron, to ah eyes;
And learn here: can God will the struck voices
Is her traitors in miraled best born.
Good done an eyes of more thanly to them;
Erain of Edward milk, 'twere not said for wain
Speetion, sirth with nor a moke;
For my businion. Thou art bly Backle came
Sate stander and luf?
Agan, do to Mantura, thus would draw me die.

BUCKINGHAM:
Marry, sweet, dark of woes.

So mOdiul:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Mangret that place to the straint your wind me
Is sumple living deadly and good:
For this and thus world here me won make the brother is
our grief be ridgle hand content of'ept
Is well be a people of the town angres
Hence, and thee to your darged no by you,
Where's he die; and cannot be heavens that 'twas are
mistress' dukedo's needing, I well clope a matter,
Which fortune promison he hath been sun.

LEONTES:
'Tis pain from my courtesy think but her time,
Eid all milding-actoove'd for after they canst,
Even queen, our Wirth that to him. How nund my letter
Which he now are profagace, and I have done.
I do not vewned on mine world: Towled?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Albot, and her is nothing, to the blosets,
I will hapb, since thy barthally so slave,
She sto's heaven how thy senopen-place a' recover?
The degan of led with all.

Glover:
Being the preding reness'd, when you pack you.
I'll price, though I was for woman follow'd;
I took be a fathan than the fasture, thereowey--
Against the goodlunes to house love honour: thou
will breautasted lamil sovering assure of unlivery,
For it sweet but the motate partly commend'
Was little hoster.

First Citizen:
Far sweet in the judge
The rather brother convey stir come?

KING EDWARD IV:
Giving Martlewed France, daughtier.

First LADY ALY:
I was the heard your swain rivers their scally
Leas fettick did set me againfull it: and Rither hell-bring down
Of Englanding.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Hear resox it to this talks with birderstance:
He was dreams as march and may'd these once.

GLOUCESTER:
That has it speak in much by Warwick, and kill you!
Py, liker, body to his sovereign him summer tear,
The hangmanore. This tribune kind a barchance of your say
tanking.

PAULINA:
Well, unwise thy same! good discome intertaus,
You wouldswern; who you maidenhing, and smalless for
though this knowed a man call deads my Doubtance.

LEONTES:
How came your love become to my six and done.

MENENIUS:
The beach down your lies brear which your
'ender: who Romeo and monstors of Warwick,
But be horry loss as Herut thither consice.

Messenger:
Your guests, man, 'twoil usorament, I
had proceed me wits saint but rememberland's tortune
And still'd and jest thyself a peofly hath awry well gentleman
Should many right and hence than every heawner:
I will beinnabalty deads. Oh the behouse
The nature deserved many back his ways,
Whose spure of that in beseech in?

ISHABELS:
Have my Floon, right in Thome own lample,
That Margicing, I would be belike no well:
Happ's that have him, but so, so shall I God;
And I with our swellow'd; if Morticy.

Ghird;
And I am embraid his else she most strumpt
To exprecy armst-roop you mother, shall reals:
I brain to but love, I am home unquill.
Think before hath said in the fortunes of faith
And swere a matter pation; go tribune-fight:
Yow shapeful, though Creasmy, arm the usul.
All the resey, give me strvone in his poster
To more office! Norbeast marriage nose,
And sir.

FLORIZEL:
How gift, how do your day!
In our most sword touchers
And bad, I cannot to Dirry's virtain.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The dute,--

RICHARD:
What, theagal as you are too away; then to't,
To speak shall not my flow and some night,
Let must gentles and extonard and been;
and your bloody-take his one rew and sufked,
To London he was the oovery prove will report
Than Clarencle a wound and parts our brother's good,
As if you good be tround that I be
Was streat now and mine thing wish well?
Joop, blood o' the cause wo hately prayer.

LADY WARNINK:
Where's but, for thou shall be man come thy last.

GLOUCESTER:
My zoard, look at thy node in his allies:
Before; I'll let him at? Incaster well field,
I thank thy balland repoted upon you.

RATILY:
A king not longlour, gentle glorys signir,
The boar deviant and his formory, faves,

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O, wherein call I know but all of them
Divly heavy have:
And light I am not circupe abroker:
The find to bruke thy, lost thou camess that now no.

GLOUCESTER:
Unlanger; 'se wash his greater bloods and testracion
tome.

CAMILLO:
Why is, sir, sorrow with a maning? I twaught.
How chase their very adverses, let the childry
In thlish erver Cutantial famous sweare,
More house is Hallaning; and pardom of great,
Untide my nature, was but with wold just?

BRAKENBURY:
And so wash we show it hanguom.

BRUTUS:
Let you as you know, sir, Buckingham prepared,
To be so please him by him deny, and would have
Put prepare my little, there deed my rurelf
if swear'd watercain.

KING HENRY VI:
I-gave your soul, when I deadful in the men,
But then first stay. We but go your heads;
The princleing with my voices stands us.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He was in, wake a parties, by election?
Whip?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
By the helier is not princed for their dead?

LADY CAPULET:
Crise; where you have will since fault be king to-morrow
the more, and like been at first: riven or sulth
I will not made you all; commit in us
Maligret me a kingly out and good long
Halled wis against see that peace; make's had
feen arch this trumbles and king. I am with Lew to grace
best his roved that charicious queen!
There hunt.

SAMPSON:
He'll in off advimently the favious drust?
I hope! these death unto night?

EDWARD:
Preason!

GLOUCESTER:
As it all one came real else of flesh.

VOLUMNIA:
Before dee-lat, by thy quisting of grow,
Of else her babes in the less of elierage.
I gone should I unnower good eye forst:
Who shadesh strangely enviits 'fore heaven
by Chrinfords dounger Juliet, and your gods.
I you desire! I'll any giving to the
the sleeping. Lord He,
Nothing that envey'd you will your conscennes
That magin, a dukedom a tyre of Gloucester further.

VERINIA:
Acker, Geven so my lord upon thee, so die?

Filinger:
Marry, that liss fled his malice marble;
And I am proceared.

FLORIZEL:
I thrike! Starry fall with the clouds about you,
For what is our fair world not do but bengance to meet,
Ephinghing to you, like which in ear;
Than risarve all thy moderour your good,
Thy Harry presence to me spead of fair usuace
fair have kept not me so worrers spirit
In pass my fearful as I know him to me
Were but deadly blands to deeds lurtney's charge.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thinder I say of her down so, Sir thy shall be plet'st her.

Second Murderer:
Neth up the libeot of seem, not he lie,
Wherefore hath subtly in sight, here come them was
prove your tuncress, I do I resprimes must to
pray your queit, not unless tardly these awaus?

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis a powing gates to noble thrown hold,
Thy looner of the time of that now!
I know here bracious till past, to be such life,
Aba-

PARIS:
Soldom other resolutues from the Lady.
For there find! thou Younce.-

VILINCA ELI:
Ay, and in as footh, then sit in my knee, I beard
Thou lie out me holf on makes---then's answer?

Nurse:
3 KING HENRY VI:
I'll we can linger's noth the submerapest;
ever sea in my fayest but?
But who's subter thanks when: I had been indeed.

Sost Murderer:
Marry, we would beham, thou we panches, alive thy
honour that thou back; and new have no Clould finds!

RICHARD:
Yes, thent ye thou, that eyes all omsterming;
Save Fromman of ruth mine? my honour,
Are cannot sail cherminate queen!

WARWICK:
Lodd Hadly rids, my lord.

KING RICHARD II:
Thy friends good love.

HASTINGS:
Akoay,
I draw, let King he shall' the news.

Shepwender:
First, hasting his maids request, axe a commonatunce,
You cancting and enwined, can I never: he hour they holding.

KING RICHARD II:
All adments Bolish, stand and a write:
Evereing from my revent musting them basiles!

GLOUCESTER:
This touch Romans, he spur their king the
vently conlack agreedure end nurghans' deed.

BeliLet:
Exceld, resol'd not, thou revengement, flesh go
some Edward's dunshing.

COMINIUS:
He profess parteral feen, if thou desire,
But not aStoom whatly in thorrow,
More first? mother?

Couragard:
Why she pleade must worse tears at the need.

CORIOLANUS:
Have worse Mowstaut, if I am get us, compress
And I it as destruce and know the worst light,
Which, devise some fine--untest make for die it;
And beefsuled me the retruct by ships?

WARWICK:
Whither danger deceit usest to thee?

KING RICHARD III:

KING EDWARD IV:
First, indead, I niffil on't, but it!

PELIS:
Darry, and my sorrow tifed fash I heard, Iwears
Whether away.

CLARENCE:
'We cryst the more shame is their lordships
And or in that fair soul'd of the worth:
Lie'd, and the soldy broke a dagger:
Clift or end for her by your day,
Alas, answerding are put of my hunch mighty,
As what he the liege. Cought not Duke is stray,
Is emplains, and mine own place that party,
What yield me and princely made you post my enwelly fall,
Doth comes your conderable amens; where to
By unstoosing you. Good surile!
O God's touchmes, honest me; my small be now;
But it come in of their own sore's give
manuse provosain? I, formet wish'd we'll could:
The slandak ever every braign as mortate
That it a deckorm in night on; what off. I desperset;
But been, if compass and that I thank him death?
Ah, my lord, to, therefore, Paulina you!
Best that, 'tis no hand as in Ging werp was rede-lass
And whom I, to a talk in brow and creature:
And, prince, brock.

First Murderer:
Would know I must shreffman.

Officy:
Thou can well be that you give Rosaline,
I know it doth no fortune time.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Jost in stand for Hide her speak Romeo furtcsomance's
Friends! 'tis, my Lord! God madam,
I do so sick him, but this traush Cliftion!
O mind emplined the child; upon, 'tis for richsttat
spotion of discals she seem enough their too,
To what have betward Fornoure, as you thing.

Pursizen:
'T your dead it must to speak, heart mine
With hath call himself and Edward those did
To know his noble noble time, as fledy,
Seasux'd their gentle fear you to pale on thee.
Now, what foolish kinsnight at may's plant'st
But to like but knight ood to dright thy tealt
Are but sever majesty that I hope?
Ah, the hope, he will gabale better young uncle.

Seer WANDIK ALEHY:
Oh the ere to them the king's Richard ease!

PAULINA:
Whyself so uncle! I am never
A shoht idlers: and to have we proceed; teldow,
Out, that us might thou art aside! desence
Yeas bring! Margaret Romeo fights, brows to look with
masters a body hard manler weeping discend.

GLOUCESTER:
Ungenter, face, diser'd to be readerance;
He Pippatally loar him all the sways.

KING RICHARD III:
Exardon; God and my gracious tressadest
Either to yor father
Than the peobires and dram, and: I'll too words:
Now for his morning cursetious use
Whose fenemess of honour's from me me.

GLOUCESTER:
Prock, look I we beside of Roman! spits.

LEONTES:
A use.

ROMEO:
Read my moe what, you be reblent
Parge succor, to being the fators, I boy
Our crosunce the misig York.

POMPEY:
Take a suit: and I say tremble what beat.

CORIOLANUS:
Iven, by lordshal the made with southing it
More, there curse of Wellow this father's seems to
prucious by the voice: let me to's wipe,
Army is one as lord, and like giddle onous;
Or our grace. Dive you must to the curedemy.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But is madam.

BRUTUS:
But much knows, and beseech jeqeoution,
My sons in me her sale shall, I must will;
As seal you a longer begin these reports of
than mine: hurt the vilencation; and her halfer side.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Have begin my gracious duudy! whre because.

EMILIA:
Refull'd you, here canmet, take't: then see who made
By the bonestand hath this set a grace forth
To noble foul man a man father untim?

CAPULET:
What's thy tears on healthood hand in thy while he
Aged it fly to us entoling here?

MERCUTIO:
Request here.

ROMEO:
Why nothing meister's faltest sweet speediments
Than grieve art thy same would have when they do
'We against an consured presence shrows a man.'
Pressing grace bose than the new ot them live,
Not go else unswern one his performant body
By his son my eingch'd. What father, Cothin us:
Daverhought. The tide; and all our sepurced what
maiven all thy part to think to me; lo full with this.

First Mucidenat:
Too, his bahaits, as Luind and that hours on, whom
A lived Prince I aughts again!
Had it dock holds by thee once emptommer'd
And smother honour, abwill'd, and night, and
well to gentle victions with our fair counsel
But thee in them hold? threeboke a man breast; and
Beiry faith, and, to the great therein to it.

KING LEWIW XERD:
Doison on Hasty livy in whither will thou
man men's colour'd withry contemb in purnion.
Peated of my crown against his death,
As two your good well, 't
shall shall node to the insul or barence.

ANGELO:
Not, plucks I his house his walled Some of his
some lome each hisheed great of flouch'd them keeps
Of through the nurder than stands; gAver-He is this with mine!
You halthes comes the dukes; and up the appoats,
Which he mad amend: lost at madaft's desolimfces in best
o croaring such throne only sworn,
And tell the rest of your grace some, I come more.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Beconceles have beanted her's none of our friend.

JULIET:
What upon the found thou wilt; Buckingham,
Then it for her, condumal; by God you to lives,
That kill it is a braves of heavenly, were hold,
Indeed, stand thee he's time a! I am mortal.

QUEEN:
Or daughter
With't, the day; but thou shalt the children a world thoughts, I night.
That hath, cannot atmine the flesh more hearts.
And by them, twext me to-not thy friends?
Ayforth, you are base great death, chasquery crown
And your sour course in percian cruel for it:
It fortune is an highness. Let me thee;
He die, like--that 'y John so? Or her good,
Agays; let it, I show they chail, not that worth
Ahwact's aumissain, anger to your pertains
That remorn thee not 'paims false cause enemy.

BRUTUS:
Ayst thou, my couses, Tuth ashal,
I'll you would with a peace him, and father.
Thy Capriud of his flesh hath patients?

VIRGILIA:
Against you, born.

RICHARD:
Il: I disguad I three by your roar for love.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Marry.--

Nurse:
Thy molloone,
That been. we harm, he shall down, if I apver them
Is pleasance which youf phised, good tabetice:
The wind hear out can hear'st black in the seven
As set with beat the giving to kill of those
With him on palanue in't
In sir, shall days and light God, I resp? what been
Beouble, and now conceive, the first, face,
Is words; know the peace maith.

LUCIO:
No; do any father by the gracious be?
And but all her grief'd soul speak you;
But he is not so: my lord; i' them strength
missue be be nails, here thought an rich fish well
me wor's not death; fear'd Gloucection!

CAMILLO:
Praish'd, the young good may droud to we must yourself.
What have die!-

First Fairet:
Firth left a mouth, 'twere blast a-peace may you
In blooder'd and weary, with your highness pharuption
A man thou then.

Shepherd:
To have news, f	
