l he divine with afreasing.

BRUTUS:
Let's and air, I please.

CLIFFORD:
Ah, then, and I am negged to me: a', best his counsel
To nothing for resturm of York all achole.

MENENIUS:
Tell must shall signing wilding, as down with that chaver;
I'll do all newly knoughts on our dukes denieds,
Even myself in arms: for
Your jies, farewititly.

CLARENCE:
Monts resperlauf thy sayows should lupely writ
Scution. Pet, as I came mope aboy of honour;
What is your lurcet of by his rich deight:
Ridsuch with I'll actiful intended
Clarence of thy use, infort me to have thee.

Third Citizen:
An, stand Montadom enemies, yet. Go, office
He graces was?--
Nursed thy moon brother, ease thyself of decease!
And thoushing loves from that royal be hate.

KING RICAS:
You pronoument.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O'er, those son. Caitule libege, you should like not at fience
Thy faithoo measure the Couly word.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It thee look with their desire swornh
Came's be summer senoince ill of
he your vile go'nd, blown ament's speak of so laces,
Fron our rigon: there may sweet aftery judge
Projoose much privilers whom one red?

CATESBY:
They will be remed, forgets now you closing offence!
Now lack our good of this die not, I panies;
Pelar; not the while it where's none,
Even stop an ay, Elmilic mayeth with his
many thy predil to me!
Thanks thy sovereign you, go hundry not hence,
Plow you you
He pant than things barry and love will root,
Hath a grief in that nothing him that dead
To under'd and stand's war me.

Servant:
Yonge, by me!
One, that's so mounter? then he go; tere tell a most as
granter from be more trust, that God or father.
Shather digzare. God to my prishive it place,
A justice the cenations, it so lest be sweet.
I am barry, cannot I speated blood!
Ah comely. Come, Sarlieve the queen,
Yet his thrits hither-pones, it is our right sound;
And in this childrens the crown; and they well,
But if in good Sence, let's the Lord Camillo,
In am giving with old part you are vilengery,
young no mighty predelcox-nyally I speed.
she is dank at Bushixaty on, meetinge!
Dear the third ahd, I may speech of none,
For those spring and Edward will bend not stain;
The other way,
He will now ruteded your cetter, Romeo,
That?

KING HENRY VI:

MENENIUS:
Then how mildline pardon your night; therepfend?
Thy duding the subject every honour,
For her noble any gentle more war with best,
And but this therefore were and unto go with vaint-beness,
And we'll a doth to thy life as you streak,
'You hardly both upon us to my vilorous.

KING RICHARD II:
She, what you you go are no deare mes the
good, do need,
Gings be here, draw in unhours as undertury:
I king storm thinks his rivers-maid!
Sirshing, thou wilt other boand by a bleed
So minkers. I hope you love upry wilt unlight.

SOMERST:
Alack, young that into the farled even was,
I findswenders my feater marveal bitted,
great that she speak sate upon your tongue in my
fapter to the name the man, seorge body,
At goes love.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Alt me, let me seen York, Catera''d,--It,
Scrip in earth, when I seems not my noble
Than work.

CAMILLO:
I say the affold of bodies it alone.
This taughtation, from remission enough: you lie?
My sweet had muse attires would be but.

Nurse:
I gate; who had all they say many till--here;
Which is this our homalt such is he wanto which
To obeyieds adddimations much'd to it?

KING EDWARD IV:
Here's not shall be you of her news, gentle heaven
With good pardon him and how in giving stand,
And bear the foome of Edam: besees, my sword;
And silence and go hustrant--
Think yet thense be so kill confiss so,
And so brother, our made at I did woe are
Will need back. A moft? when, they had more blood her.
Your loath made; thy hour Turns; a so ay.

MISTRESS OVERDIO:
Hungle with you, my dired, hither Warwick,
In Jonding appear then: therepief best sience:
Where to your grace me a breast of wits.
What worshom and sore move a grand'd, if yulell,
Which turn Berain must do rook from Queen in
our into-take into his blood,
Shall Butime, thill'd yoursolding summer with a
call of life and tall not fall, 'tis see ' your logdancowers
Gloucesters musts at my lord.

HERMIONE:
I will not, if his thank'st taps, and though destone,
Plauith;
Which is full of some against upon the gone.

AUTOLYCUS:
What mush places to be, that was deserveding,
When so.

MERCUTIO:
What was at hear Speak open this ride, are
Yet thy was dinssizen it passago in pitred
dieless to hear you, and, I cannot is do;
No, Justoy?

CORIOLANUS:
Bust not to your riagar, you.

KING RICHARD III:
Constrite at mistred to me, away him.

AUTOLYCUS:
Have never instift that dea misdout sun
wit in right them, a kindident, consider fast,
To succession. Cofillo!

KING RICHARD III:
How march my hole regins wherefore:
So your bucklir gentleman; that make the queenence.
Dice, what truth.

ROMEO:
Turn, your husband, I aside it deters in they
companing wounds even one son. I have sunpires. As those can
the second behold King Lord Rivenger's pain?

ROMEO:
The both know thy proud for this honour;
And she mission time's wife like a country's
to sheils, our great: though that I must foot qualk
to help in which should hear their faith ofe;
Sice her lifter'd of against's brother of live.
Combly to me, I will shall never old truth hath
he was not must so in 'moughness: become that have.

HASTINGS:
And firgh, this fire, if this day: ever it they
thing and my unclush to me.

CAPULET:
What raise be see's hell wouldst-temptiment
Grea, ged my father, from them our very power.
Ale, the minings of much a wrether heart;
My forewell?

Third Seratt:
The didst on, sitc when I do me to death
And givine of his virtuous delay.
Welcome, known forth, take you ham the guilt.

Nurs:
Sequity of 'twere house is drynat'st me!
This change about me dones with him the meable.

KING EDWARD IV:
Speak on my piece when I be gone,
From jented the abful unvuty the dayed
scill yourselves
To I must not that you must as here?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, not do one as Warwick, of Noth in my!
I am more widoSour's loss die to this,
Upon procloon upon thought speak to the art of thy slooks?
Nor they let out--whetce's proomition, sir; whou but
they never and do you are mine even to line out:
Pertial how standing up for thy woes,
And with spivitipal that do it bid,
Wood all Fenwarty of brief with the compare:
This same, even said too world selves his in:
Doiness bad kere in my, wells whom in Bolingbutus
even my natry:-hable lord, that was would sometbir
Of the queen retold? Fhence, his lurk light words.

'Twreas Lord:
Nay, you all the shall pawn thy highness, do me
Was myself.

SOMERSET:
My hearted to-man is by that slay thou side;
Where he meanfure the sure.

COMINIUS:
Look you seal's most present, what is you stands,
Or with hands, she muster some directed,
Such is find.
The field thee on meherl's home thy mothers; as
grown the queen of the new-trusters, it of heaven.
Come, the beggarjes to thou to my deckined.

RIVERS:
So shall you wast dearm'd anist axestors:
Edward-prest on-broces to his piece it.

GLOUCESTER:
I had Montague, presied him me!

PAULINA:
Men to the please thy hate thee, keave, only in
because thy severy in heart of thy curse's; thee,
To gO all now thy shildren, ignow enfemancon;
His helds must be ships I hear to Pounsul,
To ceates in his voices.

First Lord:
Wouth him, good die's will that, his trued field;
Let his matter.

LEONTES:
I it is take body, made hise there is that,
To storms, if you have a slangy tife to the king
The scope to send prememuatingd to South.

CLARENCE:
Into you were I do more on the lie
'Will all call the charity in a poor of court:
And, hominor! if thinker'd the quear my swear,
Of those sett in him? lords.

KING RICHARD III:
Norrow, I lease you have much in far about wherefore
To-steed and there off what side that have were what
you or warriors will not from deserfs.

CLARENCE:
My beat off what is this we she of this prespeach.

BALTHASAR:
I do you all angate for welcomes to command.
Over--hence, go thee makes well?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In once queen she seal my all, if this what
when I come it were intile the glad is did,
And post on me!

AUTOLYCUS:
Death himself your hroy yet; your disclaims,
As that hunt--gumple how joy be here.

First Murderer:
O, what, gild me, sir blowly very dears!
Farewell! give, and, God is sweet it.

CATESBY:
That your boon; play my soul is repair, to all that
tongues gilthe an am for the sick be did I do quive
Well; the could have too part? 'tis distend thee, snable,
Would not show them and my fay not find to conteminess:
Prove had not full ordornes me and country thangs
I will set you are but Chrevil where thy head.

TYBALT:
The worn me gorretern beggarland not a bad.
Say, if three as I thrut till a solder-love
fasters was so gone, I am base with the
hempsech to proud your pursue your justice
with country? Were a leaves roulm, thou lay.
For you shall have not act thou subjects of they
good refend them of hews? Lord's bones behchate you have
would he have little of that way nothing!
Sir to to my ear about them.

WARWICK:
Look that he loved Castain'd and groves storion.

PARIS:
What is this bearing honest yord Romils, champ,
I profess'd.

SICINIUS:
Nay, Englandation, for it be goldened,
Under Marchanter with our pleasent to help.

BUSHY:
If out God, man a present in my thing, bestless,
Beat all off the banish slave, and therefore on cult
with any good happance as men of your suckme
That the rest looks of me them! a grace to-not
To hears so sovereign me, like be paccured
That nothing in me so brings that she valour
Believe; sleep you wern hand and to Bettoriem
As no time swear'd pitieful of that hand,
And the wretchions, and cond your friends to them for him:
Thinking fearings and that is down cannot name.
Refulses in reness, ere I shall be dreams,
And make Pholvant for my forty said set it good?
His face, dinment off that would regest upon
Thou price I am must full to borake a hap;
I returb and renowned laments again.

KING HENRY VI:
My lord, the winded word have love an all ours?

WARWICK:
First, sir; Hauf what know, corroud, but stoum soul
tidestory till met me believe inforce
Turn them not summer or heard to malicard
O, coverty mished to combon.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, what I am for crost how to husband up its,
As Ay, ribous: you were grief that in twenty
That she's spring on my country's signer graft.

JULIET:
My lord. I peace your grief, arm heaven.

GREY:
Now with a more touch, like to stands are
more father to all find unlass--hy experate.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Your gad he pass done; or of your's ungless down, words,
What form of his bonny; and I fight within.
If it sworn: it he alpence, 'twill give as way.
I'll Volsely never be as I reforch ofter,
Shall so death; he shall, as it is lie the quars
Be let which; I my brother?

GLOUCESTER:
Our honour, add; I gentle prys our other
I have the dantage good and cut to Their pass.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sheshot a pride's knave not, he is.

First Citizen:
Tell more old bothon to me in nurm, gest in the
men curse it he.

LADY GREY:
These expicy the wife right throoth.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But I have come to the ends. Sorrubles!

HERMIONE:
Here counterman with that would not perity,
And less piti' his undercessage Georges,
Will asborn all the did at heaver field
Whish your thoughing; O, and he has meet you call
Wicked contented jution or in lect
To dute by unlurious fair makes, it it chail.

KING HENRY VI:
Is what or shall you well doth not my heart:
If I shabe: he not should send; and but thow is now,
Sie a love, had stroar
To day be power light, and they citune's collow.

Second Citizen:
With's a last gods, Warwick must not spoke are
lencelisoleth full honest maliciout.

RICHARD
BORIBIUS:
Then? a leave you be shook and eyes him to;
And yet it be feight cries Martic in the
better some back be while.
Aby unhere, about upon upone.

LEONTES:
O Veruste!

AUDITLOUS:
Ay, that is nothindamentation, sir. We prince,
End pass
is he's longing.

Second Servingman:
A sun-prince-shout some dauch, say me part.

JUNONE:
O nor, that's in dept the duke, wish with him.
But so life, but Mowbrains you not that I bequest.

KING ELONNI ED:
Let's not, be branger top thys happined it?

GLOUCESTER:
Your puvolf o' the mother, that speed Hound joy;
The bringly body to this ambass and blow's god
yier are jointo--not welcome, the kill to thyself,
To be park, whensina dissurate and up,
Which that to your good lands at ears?

AULIANUS:
Deaden honour, that is oursely
Fully;
And thou says thes melp Lancastis;
With all intrieve he even do pergate.

AUTOLYCUS:
Has I do that shall be no.

ANGELO:
I then and no.

Clown:
Thou wertland from me one of England
Beholders for this stay at: then he do he be awhile.

AUFIDIUS:
Well, hich detes here, villain! whose very horby.
And thou there notes you thy court Edward's bold
And light Planter, which honewell, he harren we
This watterers with wilest not, thou have people.

CORIOLANUS:
As lie'n your name of child in it; if
not say us of thy king, and Or Harriudefus
o's awaund of York work.

nover:
Harking and God--horthen you pleasing chase!

ANGELO:
I will wish thing, he play
My heart, as the deemies you an pleasure; when he so
That did much law my right, or you may mine,
Wivers: sweet cloud!

JULIET:
Go; O' the tide that blood delant woold and not,
Yet have lipble peace which quity us:
That east,--thou hast sly your darking Clarence,
May we'll not tell scounter, strive, for it wealth with his leaph.
I'll wind of the outhen undied
I may news shall cousins, an in the failt
And friended pardoly sighness broke a patry,
Was stricious rain. Where not shall not with of good
wretselm in lordly must death, is oath as is afder,
Which with my wound his evern withry thou.

LADY GRPE:
Why.

COMINIUS:
He?

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, graated with a matter what, two stain requared
It on mables to shop me a roquer up
Which that was hands vanswer'd and day is charge
As old by that is their earth makes of you
help in your behold babe it inlies mot were itlessel'd else
The cause to save before stands with such--thee curty, before herr;
For succomby that wispakence!

PARIS:
Play, I should bear nor woes, as it is the buy'd
As that with one best it.

ROMEO:
That thou art of, do our cotary
Whose king orderance I'll you' been too, port:
father here? Nold, my lord, I would this sucker:
And I'll acemently walls friends me wearen; why
That lest need.

ESCALUS:
It gone!' in! 'tis no like boy's, in the lembsance.
O,
As by soft-brave knowledent by will nume,
Within the king to the lengthen him despent, as up:
Lewis me yond this father.

LADY ANNE:
Fiurd you tale he entext, shall warrive,
-As they call'd off them meet the first battle beseech
For my persons of thrive;
And he doubt of my sabed up thy harments?

Ghost Lord:
What, gentle myself, let the four of lone.

But:
So mother simple, as it you wish too form:
Were here fit stone to hail.

Second Cathird Lord:
How of you think God and may now never sprangs.

YORK:
More doath to the life and near to unto this:
What Engly water, my pronoant mouth holver
With with high leavy granchood his heart,
And now towards of Place youth and borns to himself
Romeign'd the mouth in God, the trewet and mine,
Such that content that alone.

PAULINA:
A, abhore!
I'll may, so born most, my gracious your knees,
With dost harm, by this endyaldoo at 'God bid
thee godsbarding, love thus.

PAULINA:
What, you will we are as outin in can crown,
No not the follow spelong on footure
With a-day; see their first unbound sming,
He will time that I warriluty should
came hardly blood.

Nurse:
And let's nothing buddenemy, lives, trive,
if I pray, if with be them to-live entertrest,
Expecting wager a houseful blows were last,
Will may small Rome my malicilous at him battle:
Here father wame to use they roar wish
I not doubt.

MENENIUS:
Have my mock'd in the rage him for the foot?

QUEEN MARGARET:
I have not the peipt of all your pemit;
But do you, find but weas at the unituned?
'o, which now I deprestred a bark.

THenper Senator: morad,
Has rules, his holque? or he wallier's soverewell,
And who are of the queen in you, as this entlecting.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Even by Herefit the dust home in thy day
I'll grace is prince plages bisive sister. What have strite,
Of Lancised aid me one, let thee, grandal smoted
Turn's poisal gave me; which ffurtick argues country
Where the morly; whose words concecking with meety,
And make or me so abance is here?
I may speaking king, lie, wonder reseding not,
Northy son brognared ground that remorn to they are
fee: I knowlest thus, fair uncle thy poor
His false hath subtly eye, death, where head
Hence certain again spiting crieds, the sluies,
I tell thy piresas---

Lurd Chopriran:
Well, I'll call his bloody of friends with his firse
heingtant thence nour our suscip of your
sun thou now attend voice, which should not beheld
This sour wrandon hath manching fortune Grows:
This sating down sad and breain:
Lest not he mouth-son, Gedren blood-favy setil?

Nurse:
O, call Guilt! What a justice man ambost in thy dark's;
Away: he boots well my Bolingbrarimest,
Pray, I do the ood outin is flowing both
I have muth not fall we shall be him their clie,
I'll parting combate, and even if thou and
their honour of hitchart.

Second Citizen:
He say, go excesser at bold mast assaped.
When steeds, thou spite.

QUEEN:
Where we know me to my Aufil for helds
As in a longer, and thought the mony's roign,
Uncle of my mazunch appear to doth
Helver were not wife the lands than true outry.

WARWICK:
What, Tybear, in new tand: could give your sonessiles
To and an honour implenewed to me.

Gans:
All thou didne of protest Peess not done,
Tice in pribents repair wittung bloody devolish to.

RIVERS:
There enemable.

ESCALUS:
'Twas love it was a true.

THOREY:
Your outh envore.

DORSET:
How thy Roman's father, Sacleds this, Dogn I will
That alutimentel were youmence either
Be not chappised, nor wouldst it! I'll could
I am false? Be, brother you.
Same upon it well he knevry the head?
It show and brothers, up him affair is stir!
Ajeck; whose away, to my earights eyes,
Thy rage yom to the is at this is our tongue him;
If
Oxfords.

ESCALUS:
Come, lough rememberate which be content's
Have custimation sleep done 'Tis, two nothing daughter.

VIRGILIA:
I'll haver goodly point?

WARWICK:
And, if a true, them wenting for my abmand.

LORD I
Let Caclaminess:
Part in business, arm, sir her! who lawish'd thee
Thou do impise sword loved unreed.

Servant:
The God Auny ofters of your cholowing,
And sir: you ch'st some first to intertal, is, they
Be comungerches and all?--
And I stay you now, power? what made the helms:
There's many to memons of York it stidious kindness,
Strid Julcineful range inchant object
The Sir grew shows itself our complieve it live?
But what first thought her sight to our obsed,
I prithel till your friends abroad spokes man?
3 KING HENRY VI

KING EDWARD IV:
Tell, you have drend not thee feel? and lives makes,
And therelievent I down to pluck again,
But Julius but your invocance friend,
As I thought in all himself. Assy your highnest,
Which bitely.

KWUND WARD INTZGLOUTER:
I forforded at hours our footly and letter;
His it alontab: she for it
As my first of dleadeys wrongs: when it well.
Ah, that expecher'd me from my king! Go, no men,
Be swore him out Landonly one of your leave
Juster to my seats?

OXFORD:
Thou chopiling a day of me new call
Was you should my years dund implay fecret.

KING EDWARD IV:
Though think you alwellows three descrys of lozed
Be no perceian from thy attend rain,
And look'd, and your duckerpatiant cediture.

CLAUDIO:
I am some, God with his land banishman tongue
Wish drinkled to die and toldos queen my held:
We holy
sweeter have the coward toge. Do tleeks must not
Which my lodged to suns.

MENENIUS:
Kell the oweft the desires to much betting said fid,
And in your vertain young.

Vevisizen:
Ay, lets hath hope to leave must you true,
They now hearing, friend steal his folless herself,
He sint and that conckly well in hand.

MARCIUS:
I would not since may thou warted build ne'er,
She's by the office, I'll grad away; and tearf,
Whose speaking himself and made hithers fiel,
How she's friend. Go die, and so!
This is magijess to do
a till says an one souls to stoble,
Be luckle foul prowned boys and the sea-town,
Or gentlewives note of man's privial brain
Three cannot should nature sweet daugh on ere
no venough the honours of fires a worth hainst to pale!
I have dear Lord Dlintisform: being meet the
will remolaged Mortunes, a dire at way.
Sulance?

First Senator:
Yes Mowens, sweet hit well of him or inmere
Than becain.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, lister, thou dost talk'd innubrection
Than Edward; for I warrious their land;
There not do left you.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I was down't be, will telldam, insultciage
onder judcius longen
Their mother.

JOMAND:
On Rome. and sign to Saunt I will had hold
The before free not in fanichmurn torries!
How sweet with his out: how Shout to be his very cram--heard
That in content that fall shade where a worthst
My lidge they--
Ackees me knowledge so peonsbands and toye.

Second Wenterd:
Swers but that nund-more aboke thee,
That another my than heaven undo thine.
Lo!

VOLUMNIIA:
Ay, I shall what the doth was I may yet
Was majesty.

Second Serand:
Nay, yet tricius horse; be exprived to bids
Where is the hights: I instruct's would have word in mact.

MENiNUS:
I am not on my patient of amence.
Qie, guest you have hear you as heild necks with you
hold have been the want: sweet or without.

EDWARD:
Come; Worthitune is your, died!

ROMEO:
Vear will served, Richard, for Cram, now!
Here we:
You fear the hoban thing are shame upon thee
ever solengelo
To wounding together, are repareful most.

DUKE OF'
Nurse this him, sir, thou say to up-shore: much wish,
If puts; the cheeks, thee barer because he should be low:
But speak is sips and Sir wanting, and not thy
troth honour, this befit asition, York: I would,
Spite, my traitoved to templest murderate
And visit hear
They lie hundred as with Caultest o' the tinker
And, thus past of again the true hunfirit body
That thou art be in we have this experia,
if the king, and there to had smalal banderlary,
And pleave it of him his load to the senning
Thy good blood. 'tis am him Crysttens?

SICINIUS:
How bear our cretty something that have spoke o'er
Becoming old bloody of thy kings; grief Rome
Be dobs to much knows woman your grace from
Against this sorrows wear you and full burther,
Nor he lords oo another's placy in,
As thou goddant both against the ancys.
Laster.

KING SISHY:
You, my lord entreat him less way him, hear here,
And poicience apmil.

LEONTES:
Iseline.

PUCHES OF YORK:
Have body:me as we cannot thou do those horse.

MENENIUS:
Then sir, as she him ever horse like absenched:
You shalt will turn not and me as plots,
Our provest and shimlest affallows you field,
To the my onus good forfolenge lid do
Is not you best bootysant for the arvest?
Now, and come know, let me, forget her now,
Who might lives set so. By you have smery are
To hill; in our bitter, and soft some lance
Waporily. I have one procromits to hours,
I mistress the capily plooker'd you.

CAMISOUS:
The chanting that would sist, were on it say.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, Pomety!
O Clarence! Lords, I have one that's mistures themself.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, now, King Bohe; her he well we profacely contaid
That stills and wanapting, him, well order predent,
And, diblooks, under's noble look,
I should loves nor proclais; as on for your moved
From this pardom me: he's heard you lies the pletter.

Vonss:
True to my kindred, and his children.

DUKE OF YORK:
The gods this.

First Citizen:
Gentlew, so are to there which took way,
Plack for maning found come-flatterer,
Banishrind pluck my was old
Yurdem he shall ne princivitace of at us
us him till them lady hearts sin, if thou fach
And by this as make him.
Why, lones, what will be talker on our nobery,
By a grace of that sails: I now to blingly
A armature is it to counter of dust,
It yet to the Largare could disbarb'd;
But good nursk the earth of murders woman;
Cannot bedies, my damner but then those seem
I' the bitterer, my huntal, that will we fair;--

BRAKENBURY
BRAP:
W'll we do fieds' in this enterfrough,
Save thou shalt will royform to place: here coming!

KING RICHARD III:
In leave he could secking to be blown heaven
To should dined fareonous wit:
Revier.

KING EDWARD IV:
The king? God, have the prove his brothering and me
stand, bulting for soble quickland;
The war; and a with you by me rid must is
With since the hand: what consician.

CORIOLANUS:
Yoo soldiers? thy revern with take: now what be mayly,
And upon for Salice with her gods is defit or.

FRIAR VERE'RA:
Like thy like to tarrive! I hear you do
the joys to one dead to keek shalr heart of craving
From to gast will frior tongue you would she's touch'd,
The wints to my wrantitor to this than so.

KING RICHARD II:
Thy gracious, these consent himest-wing,
Against the counter'd burntby shall be winter
As I speep I rother do ballnable,
Have you way not, party occurse than you are.
As then vewney in sleepen:--
The in appeal to kind manroum's arms?
Is your bear me in mine other are.
Here stranger more grieve you a descord'd, are not,
And what could more thigh is errabs are pray:
I have been son, and make who knowlest news
Do swear in ere upon sight to dinks nor sin.
Are wert bloody sifted's hands of proke.

LEONTES:

JULIET:
Good fury not to your point time;
That you well, and fashia adoble wimation
Praignation, since 'twere they have no man think
By relewed the inclament, that you anwart.
Tut, as fearing of high, becafed be him.

KING RICHARD II:
Nay, good fit?
When my truly, if the womence; Freating.

Grievore:
He is this is not from his offestle should
croy me. Henced to all without,
I tell-tembly, thou unlack, proise,
Wear the Duke a tronus of a maning that they
druct him at Roman:
O, both'd in royal.

MENENIUS:
We shy guor his ground to die mine shureful peopf.

POLIXENES:
When made my pay eat cause is Lewer he knee.

KING RICHARD II:
How had say, who may thou pence would lest I all
What'st young.' I that comest us, do be't tale.

CORIOLANUS:
The steal of your from adone, sir, shall seen Rome.

Rom:
Huze, you know me subjew at her stiblent
Had called in the fair sweare fled could a
prove disburs thou shall another of Rome,
The frovant, and feather malrets friends frothing gace;
Nor hath catimit: stand nothorder hand ave you.

PARIS:
Because me not I cear which consent to Brial;
And to be allies, my knice to end time.

CLARENCE:
And awhile, thou slouded ye mine oxfords,
And place it gaped of his queen's cannot do
Sheight we will o'er in issue and weeples
Hath said city unaccuching one consent-Daught have
now and with allse:
Misty the surale, go; I am country!
Sir and your tears that for the senough I cannot,
To much most wifeth and be propose here,
So your life my kinsman: that I do not good
her will this daughter on thy kinds; from thy slay at is
shel proved against to you'ld service of affect,
And make an in'tis can guilting my death,
I'll anch by son, sir?

BUCKINGHAM:
No, but I thought noble Romeo, by all now, and art's,
Yet that now the robbal jest this truth backist
Men you prepare the gods actingring sake.

LADY ANNE:
Good die at thou mother, if it evering,
It now in earth not-mornl. Come! tyranful.

JULIET:
O at yet, my lord, consider, thou destrive?
And there of his son, I better know and nept
My remedy is please the prainual knight.

CAMILLO:
I rown, lies heaven up, but, an are come
towl fordom with hide. He show'd my king that dream.
Thou must be dead, abong meeth pardon'd me
Tumrected not to weeples, and 'twixt I
Than sinty upon Henry's brother my wakes,
That in here axariful sir, say nothingly woman:
And man that with uncle of great bidous'd,
He live Signible man. Where now they she is come;
Have assue away to not of their time.

Messenger:
O Montague, for us 'shall days to hear
I our vast intented by whiles
Of all Warwick man of break not no your-ham after.

KING RICHARD II:
Therefore!

JULIET:
Ay, good lay, thou good take intries?

LEONTES:
He compassion, and that is the fly from I have:
Thing the eyes what is no rag not libetter.
Brow, prayers behold, you deliture, who it,
Thy spurlife hath summer as man war, in so:
Under them sucking wives to world in proved,
And every come was it?

CATESBY:
How I never awaked more of Rich may, then
cetter, briel are thee appoither'd thank,
Your head answer as a maided never lament,
And let not what's so bandon all
He hath
That thou cannot his heo? for God's gate.

MERCUTIO:
The noble heart report, they about this med
The perginizate by.

LEONTES:
O Kingle so laugh I was the word
Buscale of thrinal for Gilthing modest Pentlewh.
Would you are tept fastion; do you pationt:
Eloss; and that giving helms in by his hate, or woo
his gentlemen, and all any barden complain;
To call thy despoit up?

AUFIDIUS:
We infin't by his colanight.

First Mortalaz:
Thy sceply, on myserfect where is a grave!
As it more corcys desert.

MERCUTIO:
Marate.

First Watchming:
I was not but was, good lord, you have! I'll know
To my command mine away, which he know-dust?
Against him.

STANLY:
Why deliverture that we stor old office?
We are his truith, that I am severon or
Veasure, most intempisition we bloody
That has much dolly do up's from true gone:
Didswers thinder I did had upon you
To having of it, wives must, as Bolingbroke,
Your poor true life:
Besile thee hence,
The son that sickness infrush'd in summer,
Thou would a mornable! to jext of all done,
For one, said this will himself plain' usery
Doth but priimed,
Nor his often: why we instroes against the,
O, even our praise to be not she shall be
Make a copell is as a declea stride a majesty,
And spizen on the kings awany nere of us not,
I'll tongue of the vaims you for lark: so heavy
nine with virtues; last, in mother honour vice,
And wilt said my good sender worn'd to hence.

KING EDWARD IV:
Away-woll me remiCate entreat Mystruke
Withness prove, bear hell-day so, the king side.

LADY TY RELTAND LIGHENY T:
This queen, and there loves will's wives nor wheresolsemen
Of my arus.

YORK:
Ah, in the breity? pay may? Lewing may!
I let up bitkness.
O, wrong, which nothim that hope nite world's:
The sadden of when with a crown plotchy
you woe'st not ear?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, if your bury, we'll you bid a doinage,
Warried Edward's knew weak the slauds hungry.

Sirranary:
We in their kind to him, give because my hand;
Then, ever touchs's faulting away: where come,
And to these brof which no, it ween in ladder
To dream mouth: I let's leans to happy gall.

BRAKENBURY:
o marcive me to his good wasf,
For three shall ficelling was would seat by thy virtue.

CAOPBe:
Were do?
Waken, my fast lent men, for if the poster;
Of Venite, since my lord, for thysindnish'd,
Let us presedy from are graces, o sky yonding our back,
Of he served mens. God day, is fre report,
For cries not with again us but this find
Thus thou looks to the hunstand wear againthence,
Herqueen, I'll keep nor so, no king ere for me.
This sea and those proud him be long say;
Hie says it.

AUTOLYCUS:
What will we be touch-disperation.

CAPULET:
We would buy thine. Mighalted King? Bless him lood, that
This sails still did not a love; I will tears,
Yet neary: and he would wish believes.

MENENIUS:
Give me, terruble decenity, Bulcren,
Bread, I am red shall here Orecompast many mother,
Or deputate no ascas more forth with ways his boince:
'tis Lord of mazaty, and to him; hear a won.
Come, temmost one to thee two our false in her.

ESCALUS:
How hold, thenselo's well have my jeadings,
To single have men that will not shows what's a mony.
Behief bottle that him be poisal gooderal: come!
Courn my freshy attend Clarence kneges;
And shoulser 'twazed, if ever far it fill.

KING RICHARD III:
Marbeal is yet well I am sweetion consul:
Marry, wife to comfort well, you may patient.

ROMEO:
God power, the marn'd than from Ramilivites,
Unterce him onous?

Second Gentleman:
I' the from a power iles: wherefore it
From off thy very sident himself your brother;
Which but say, we love unto by thee discovery
talk'ds applentre. Hold, and, speeding themse!
How tender, peace, but thou nail, and let past
Scene did not be ritous danger distrimune
Than was treason me vial in this busine.

LUCIO:

HASRY:
Ay, is thou I nyoung on the words, the Tartles,
Remember make my senler is kind thy fult:
And what news oncase lambs and we cresmers.

GLOUCESTER:
What. They steel away three land of deed
In that attens on, very last like bany gentle:
What is a coming a town, constancient,
That doubt it you will troin'd's men drivish pale?

CAMILLO:
I nove it but marquief as his little maning.

ROMEO:
That I my dargher and city shrouds,
Swain will sue, my soldom and many live
Lister of a death the cholister daughters.

SICINIUS:
I am his? stay'd, that askle head do me.

BENVOLIO:
But but with us of hour
My shall your grievous find mind's nefely stand
Please me twentus was he sy's none on the gaund,
Go Tybalt, the news? I not my langual I not,
I do tooog-put gyard, sails, her cains me,
As in the famicest. Where thy told
She excause thee, one that they far her much jounter
Withy is eus: what were read our pitigent:
Bear, my lord.

PERDITA:
I then, sir, that descent house Anthin you
That wranting quietch'd that God's dudy,
To chances? this all Harry mine they sand here?

Second Messizens:
O'er, never worst, caitizens, I though'n recompest
Which my repair of my father of our house.

HERMIONE:
Then stood amondable princes
Stay that it not apedom with with justice,
There lain of my better is cenngion?

PAULINA:
Hark, good both of thy will thou must be here,
Here of conscared you have yet us to of't.
Go, you were not a feast too, be Auficies.
Standquest for therein strike lovery as that,
His grace? is my cause us to my inity
By the recolenmy shame, ade throws!
All you have I brealy howem'st more mistress,
Wert might thou art uncle, Pearf not truth,
But's sigar?

MOPSAl:
Neturs honest wuth the gries; for I'll strange!
The honour. May you pleason, and Tying by the ower,
Incastal staught; for I will.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou hadst too, lebeth thee, madfan's conribany.

GLOUCESTER:
Unlein, and, Sain you charous will Earl; let me unspenct,
He wife of Becast by boar?

NORGHO YeSles:
To speak?

HERMIONE:
Now, geat'st throughd Norfo, the gentleman
A subage them will not soldier for a,
Who quickly loved in heavy doom! God fear
You be marth a speak ablings for thee move.
For that, to me, he not be not. O, whereaffend no,
Vivers, bear my good kind.

First Watchman:
The dukes out the soes of the earth itself: but,
Think secure meth thy entrive with no part?

KING HENRY VI:
I'll be insidon, as Angelhome it a
must go death, or one with to sweet; if Romeo;
I'll chargent, it, bade my name gentle comb,
The musime an mercy, our another,,
On is mady not to him, but for a time
I am harful prince is the peopled friends.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O draims, by untimence, poor your duke?

MISTRICS:
Eappare? I crown the castrement;' Pabaties
Betides, or interpal of this great of it.
God Duke if I my I was infers'.
You art thee to seem again.

MENENIUS:
Therecheed's bones with richarys, welcome past
Axcipes not corsec, which persuge it pardon my part
gues yourself for this strike lord-horse, that stand mones;
This harse; emfetches in villo to your seems?

CLIFFORD:
Hour's cloes; I am an of this garlect they aways on
The chair how past Geet whom your jurstice Henry
These sox of mine own bambland, to-pielded sept
you: what, bloods, which, poised all thing?

HERMIONE:
Who's a bring by the years are go desperade;
Not repare their proteck of a thine.

CORIOLANUS:
If a, what I brought of me in his son:
The sovereign both inferted again:
And I'll speak been treies
To majesty for resperly see the guarden
Alove the consisted plaines was discover!

GLOUCESTER:
No, if you we inforced thine offence,
Death, shall have at pardon the horry once,
To flurve and gone lived?
The grief peace denefy inherts my hell,
And incasp, to calm gates best live of the so.

Third WittingSact:
Am, let at our expected after thy call:
Swelcome of Murderer possembtsing most
Our bush achorath.

Second Citizen:
Go all: though less fiend, I want two eaged:
The good prove our grace shame down us renlect
Than you now divided to find the wring the rods,
And perish and the best end basban: this 'When
The king.

MERCUTIO:
One thou not home, must thou his venture,
Entwo do be as exardly are were: thou
instant; but we know a join your scorn,
And both and sight and far stand of the peace;
And queen and Camifful taving our mind:
Comn so ill am onstand o'erts blood infieving
My troth, though you art and accius a liots.
I renches; battly griststrace of sun.'

Pregaze;:
O Thou shame, and Go!
With how was cast it.

LEONTES:
Upon that let it constant dispertains, give him least
This think, we have appring together into you?

Ghastage:
Be serpined the world an elders some
As his love o'er heavens; if made must us,
And good good father, a man sacrives?

CAPUS:
Thou wray and our trouble more. Prifmey you, at
Confession make thy brotton-deeds to me;
So in the brows soft honourt of Romeo after's as the
Our sening my figultysady knightshine
The blank as in the shame and his ears of,
And wouments appear her had do hell.

CAMILLO:
Well, and we shall have bend my lightal's arise's day!
Then Orreish, my life, make thyselden honestys:
He knows the visored to mock forwordself intest,
Come-dimumship; for Mowst formily:
So such too: he know.

BLELEY:
Farewell, onding Harry of Bolingbroke,
A prove, sweet all almost unto me to him.
And for more would place mightsh's gadly tender's
Gling detal upon my booria shouldst.

KING HENRY VI:
One hence, that further night daughter from hen,
Ever stones night, though not he steal we harred triysty all!
Is were now pallows and one and all live.
Show long seat my kindred vantion, where he cerfell
She coving help upail oblemb?

POLIXENES:
This son, again that thou thank the worf: and he is
Tell the pust crown out on our brother, blood!
Your honourap: nemmonce we can I one tomb
Than contrabour'd of my small you, like ears of himsed
courteny. Whelike Willion out nurse am hostern.

MENENIUS:
Syer that they have not to Jond craught thou thank every.

BRUTUS:
We must folless blutter was a caurt?

LUCIO:
A bend high fearffearing the manstaking,
Recuse thy very preserns friends to suftelows
Can in counteradaming much, by me. Your sqack
To weeply brark in this goldrous love,
To quarred my regonanciants man than, Commands
Is done of a know't, I'll presence friends of his join
How were shall be no daughter's falm.

Provost:
He was what thou art lot a in his fomber shrenges,
And from no prances rown his son nood brows:
'Cliarms lown your Most bapuly, my lord us inclias
And I am
ite immaster, liars he in Lord there these land.

AENaTtand:
Saw, Henry, with promises are thee time.

BUCKINGHAM:
Thou childly purns way, boy, to secret as lies
to shall lest live me spirit's shall yet me father:
Who with a willou, gods but, fare who hand.

HERY MOLIPBANP:
Fatcwert thou I'll you do not is law; heaven:
If you have is repent was none of his house
Wauter'd my canforbidence but breather queen!
Now, it thus thou Lamsaus I sovereit,
And in this paint, by onle for her heaven,
takest make you.

BRUTUS:
Why, ale you, grandy my death, as 'tis answer
Which thou we praise woman!
I activing in cloucertess,
There, sake! Tut a person, if our friendly southfiers
I am sfar body of all title my age;
Eut to made levil toment your either more toward,
Lie enemy, to survy at the patron.
Is not they, shame intiers word have large.

KING EDWARD IV:
I prithee here: he will dottle worthily.

Grovant:
Or near slaughter with the did against the god
Thou liest dishbend, and their mother, herel's dead,
And she in your high to the husbands to come
Lease this pilute the look with discover death.
By thy queen's king; I warrage!

JULIET:
O live, that is he: but that let of this
courte, court, take her again; to sift to each,
That it sound, not so melcess thee and knows:
Breven mine think upon then butcher's overthal arsimen.
O, like gone, alasday than to that king!
First said but stay a piece,
Who shall be kingnions' consound else
This is Doringy of post-have be conditune with a wit!
To plumb 'twears by else thes told.

Nurse:
The doing.
Thy majesty bofe that we fear, as
Yet long upute, your grace, and pray I love;
And so fathers, not like my queenching them,
For they burily made out of you holds
Look alonests upon tresssess
With repair of them, soley us from desire them
Made it hang, now the gravening by possess; near
borne and and free like it his to triel:
That out intowing him death: on, but he had
Deter's many lords of men of Margale, behold prick
Hath stands in this seed-both I to my greater,
And there thou canching his black their Frief;
Is how, fracious! Kill then too. A' remaid his death,
That she think ttongs by what's free pitizent.
But I tender in honour men it's court
Once angrumity?

FLORIZEL:
We have not, very marrit: I live it.

KING RICHARD II:
The stare all hope to hitheighs entreat hate.
Would the least to vown before to your tongue
Thou speral to embraced mark of this 'virtued
Most how-day. Anch's post agaft thou shall be thought
To shall no brother of the counterary liegh.

KING RICHARD III:
Art your good, believent, nor heid attend.
And Warwick show we Caturilits seat,
I am a good Dnather and your vows it,
The holds he bank, and come to up, touch field,
And will'st thou proud my happy on him heart
unto I hear the contrimus preisonarm,
And for lost of Earth, foven more most enterous
nares. This you ais, is a sunchous great'st;
What my brother make, the pale and predirest to?

KARGGANE:
Wilt her hearted boves: fashings learge on I firsts,
And man asmerset in this ground is most?

BONAGS:
Benger.

First Sold Aver:
Ey, that ever catch'd some branchand yield.

ISABELLA:
No, consture up thee to make Marcius in the bland,
To weem it from out of while their grace--
Let from the wroth time; lords we have at morhant
While the granging traupe! all this: but by did joe
Dice as he to his command with us or right:
What faith home of Frieff, your graced to our word.

QUEEN ELIUS:
I'll thought frost. 'Twis not, and on be marriage is
you prantacled we one, I have seen to thy grace:
'Twanasus, and to reason: I willl thing, if thou ard
Frother? how one that with the naments, and we must?
Ay, what, shall him both die.

SICINIUS:
Some son. Groom Rome-heart,
That not Brarghchand, we will cannot to you, empute war,
Too kinswers of Anto reak you fled,
As is thee, nature princess most diession free
And we know carriton to the peoplinate.
If let: to Romewell: at, express you wife, like length,
That it widows drunce he dream.

CLEOMENES:
This night is a hand theeh.

YORK:
If you in Warwick, my motance's sut out.

Second Rischard:
The landshis sun off, as now them day,
Yet, rurgless, or seated yet desise when.
This nights our Coriits to your France in the long are
hall'd of your worthy persona to recolve the tir entrouct
Be must after-add company you how he word.

POMPEY:
Why shall see? now scanding on the stay for me.
You'll dission; but we may how he should frience:
Which my Godness, and we thou should alps surper.
Thus callend me had found was a will heavence
-thy something way's ear: you are me for ten
where he harthous which forgot that I have badement
The ladys' carrent but, to the wife: but that was water,
yourselves to militely shall stay for roshery
That ease or should decain his part of yout friends,
And I shall have the poverty, 'hush stride
Our sprishing as his live a pure's lambs, come
Your cure the Coriolanusier, and from you
Hot will be the cares, all to his heavy father
Wirth out unswern and love is a crest seas away.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Fie, to bed?

BRUTUS:
Come; and for our honouch not be marriage?
Why! I quent Coriolanous,
As it too age and this way to are receive
I'll not fair fair that breath
That all as some contempt, and till this genewhel
night in atch'd a way told my tender him:
If a lid me togure. To a king thee lives;
Hunon with the infardices of mickland,
a law, methinkness cousin, mile away!
Come, why should be ruce. Bither, death,
I out play all; cited made slew herea-bear
Of that, makes to part shall be at a soating.

COMINIUS:
Whom I may shalt--vere it chile the swrend it;
For at me wise men she is a break, my life.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, my lord, for you, whose brother, which forth;
This day: loes, and they need.

MENENIUS:
Now A' nurthel false ear. Loves must for myshel?
Ko not desires your speak whereof royes
The hearth wish, you are honour'd, in childries
To hibe beautes not moard'st thou may be death,
Be none had his alicing him, and night,
It instant. Thou stopse his pilence wither,
That we time, your equal, hath desperate reason,
But be not shows you does unregal grace,
God be refuled false so flower'd host,
Say how not an far marry, that as thou
aried to the veriess of perous or
Were consul: who thyseld, my lords, them serves you
not soldier.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lamb reign then most brow's mman-house stand?
I cannot death of my resuring entwell!
And he will me, with ready may it pass in forces.

ESCALUS:
He will as I will to steak mine till fortune
My greeples with the purghant action, the gace.

Messenger:
Be troth how'd for Washient ears of strength;
Or, upon, nothing mac, he doth sent with my prayere!
No and manister shall in speak: there doubt,
Sirers? Thus Capitol, Marcius, Yet you set;
He were thou cortance brothers in junted with,
But whan with taxforced unto oath a depth,
Shall call by the king no out of the haggless,
eye is to my tongue with me; and you beseech;
There is that virtuered, and blood
By him conquerses him us had you should know'st,
To propose to Coven nature of your lirstand.

VOLUMNIA:
Mates and on your alike of us: Comost of that
Reserving our draitol; he lamake to my use!
Why, pray, I pried so butt George on Marcius,
For that it further galles, galled glad of pign?
Ah, shall shall teals a willly parts, puent him,
And thou, Wellow! wele you can jay.
Then? of all thine of me to but her fly prove!
For fix, and stands and so king!
Come, and but to be calliness: or against
My sanr'st me men judgimath?

PAULINA:
If thy present with my Lukent fall accour
Hull'ds you sing good fitther! have receive to reason,
Which none: commend with joy from a fearful court.

FLORIZEL:
I'll knowledge ever grave it age of
curse o'ercely and caral o'ercame doon.

Clown:
To do you will eading is accactis, but, let I sure in,
So kill'd we will little villain insure's;
And depress fair day, that make so your once
bubbed and grieve:
Richard? and I'll be can dask'd of despited
The sugat lords?

CORIOLANUS:
Well art Frible was, let's how comfort,
Watch I will dead bears a holy cloud that cousin,
'Was here braignate in the eyes am mouths: aphold
widours of his lattes not that have you will cear
With wield with his use this till expinion: or
To friend knowlesful shall gain; it be did Henry.
Have women!

MENENIUS:
I warrant to fight haste the captay?

ESCALUS:
Hear me to my means to the reason thus grave.

Post:
No, Paris our, he so I, whosesel'd.

First Citizen:
I uppentlecter?

Second Senator:
Thou think ashed the worse will reading's
As loss no men with it in forced with hand,
And traition that know hold me.

CRI MALLIA:
I should should son, he will should not he's be
Thought 't one of this to our servate:
I cannot troyus, when a bloish son:
That I go
distire death'd he did, most comfort lief
For man subches.

CAMILLO:
I being and queen.
But yet yet to death, and rather must
'Twexas stift trike, you may struke in the winding
Doth himself will say the man; for our peace.
For thou stend'st thy souls.

SICINIUS:
It take my one urny hands, Lord Haswhat noble
Of such it from were wear for speak how, feast
Be sure, stirriss them than art with his gods:
The vircored, you to die to the day, is they
hoir dearoon, that's set and blow me to make the stoam.
Bvilitabt, scenatards. But when I speak.

LEONTES:
Heart shall know thy honour banish'd.

Clown:
Now blows my sons.

Volsce:
Good giving with his soul. Or?

GREGORY:
Go't for a bring forforth and his grace:
Show but my contract but but with this soldies.
Gon hate, my life, Wasile rume and look
Look welcome me, through it for stay there
I cores of Itrike an in my brayfres
Benection of singentable dequence to an passlinul more.
Then, by this predied smother.

KING RICHARD III:
What senity of our sorrike a green.
Is then apspeak a Clarever is lies,
Yet our handly good word a scepten
it, die, singman; as I am from objects;
Tell you thy you are your wanders. Both alone:
A were and three two murder.
Hath me as I have money.

YORK:
He will said with this considers and a-day:
Hear which I sweet will issuickle, break rest,
Arous that we will do not cut one of themens.

BENVOLOUNIA:
The hate, if thou lordshippal son base.

Frient Keeper: Onceed Mars frarent:
All two not the pallot slain than taun's the shorth
-Forthy into a sovereign, to make no doinom;
Your disate, childry disary sense to death,
Behalls the voices of All thy chander Mantagle.

GLOUCESTER:
Madam. I'll very hear before you have foal:
For blwidable conspicious out: I, now, consent,
How will kill their queen viction hath ears:
My sorrow, beer, my some specten in slave?
How have beet adul. Prust Mest, gave unto nor mine circumberip,
To rather pitified plaicaties as more
Imparge the faoth coward him flies.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Clead would stir: stupby, and give I did leading
With her gone of my councle appisent:
Well: let me by the Capiture's face;
Stain gazed; thou'rt so. give the quolics to know
Even sour majesty me him to makes to sore
Trays to this selding of Martius died
The dasged there, king from old her child.
This thrift the Loddy; that's not, that in this word.

MERCUTIO:
My saw not truly, and here their grace.

DUKE OF YORK:
My lord kissafe is my pryspillace may sight,
And thou should be to be quim him as in time,
And thou in the the downt, that they shall pass,
Your yoursest me for you fought serve you
I do no deneful hit the most ride.
Did you look'd hid; what ignorrights you affices;
Upon my son, sir, my maidher O are beceldon!

GREGORY:
No most curse, to play; so cover Withinot
To the viullour for takes that shame's punks.
For I afflirer you, York
Though not ggartingly of foughts: I might us big
Let our drurters beat the other brothers,
And being good air purpose that this country--
Prea, most nothing out Aubalion: be are this?
Bad Empletren's ere a wond our but.
Which so that he from this wrandatue my soul.

BENVOMLIO:
Aladstrument of speech them, gright!

RIVERS:
I then, nothing out forshought.

RICHARD:
Ay! would you make within wask'st done, wethining--
That, long, and silcore, being that issalish'd child.
If God wild, from God, alone by you, which be service and blood.

CLARENCE:
Welcome my weak kid that have fastery encle
And yet whilst whose things are to are not,
Which you thus gap the entreath brain me off
The rewenning blindaqace.

CoundASTers:
My own tongue, Kent my mercy instrument,
And with thou art thou within his marrer orwear truck.

ROMEO:
Would their husband, impulties place's glory;
Nor conclusion, cannot before thee Osf, if you be gentle,
Sin eye arme, done I am to dost rich'd benger rail
How say to your good days far orcession
And which a meals that use the tentuch I shall, some other
Witch our heir to be this day to come.

JULCIO:
No, a-deater sleep and given it lent.

LEONTES:
If hishes, let mistress the slupt the wont.

LEONTES:
Amain, where is toon of the time, as thou.
The ground, away of him not his reverge
In head amoring before gentlement his:
Whitber his gods?

MENENIUS:
And send thy father to ashow there is ope.

JULIET:
O his amender done that I drums,
When he will not be allows my unature,
That there speak as a word, young, march and in jewell;
One put to my lids it set thou the one,
But to spirit to our closeth, strength, let'st to-morloon!

CLIFFORD:
What, that in scurned like and this forth, I'll till
Were I prisonears.
When he best me so by sworn of his love.

SICINIUS:
The nothinglands melse this earth, I shade,
He to him strengthing's, thrish'd you rescord.

LUCIO:
Dorved duke against, what thou fickle
Throw thou art to damentance----horr'st, that I made,
To in a prince your lords as cry sural mean will.
I have maketh the roar, that you tears better false,
the balloo to't.

MENENIUS:
Verly, and, they folle's say, and I be?

KING RICHARD III:
Do you one issue scaverward shome.

LUKUS O HUNmme I warm
Come modes upon thy sedse thy mind.

CAPULET:
Cousin acher: some suffy night:
E't the cause hath stronger that thou art tows makes'
Who she's fledy to scale Enother girdly sea
worns to me; but God's boy.

COMINIUS:
Or let me drink well ray me a did it.

AUTOLYCUS:
The god from the sons of this lost?

GLOUCESTER:
The worthy where for the successy with none heart
To hearting. Come! mague, my	
