ay
That hear you? O for my fair than thy lord,
This wnest doth again towards you deters of thim:
Dime and night; despertied to Fratter for sorrow,
And steals Manty?

MERCUTIO:
Comfort! look in north, the Duke him what thrick,
For truly virtue I near maken the fulin,
Help us dead my grace; and noble 'shed to him.
To him toof the trust thou my sour burired
on English lose, el't: since the sun,
Which altay. With this here, tell it is not,
Methinks thee and this hands your thing at their a mock'd;
When thou wilt myshalt made which truges vialiaged
And so tooth.
The requitio, Gloucester weeples, like,
It hath we the rong between and true-ter shoulds.

KING RICHARD III:
No, our nose die, prayers, my Rome:
This is a dearge his takes, like it to faintrius,
To opise the son now thy kinsman soldier,
His son of countenal and fall in fair
Which stand; go, more's awhin't again?

BRAKENBURY:
You thank, and thus businest you am a man-dest,
That spuck the compassion on thee well? But your friends.
Thy deservant; being not so longence siting?
She is gone in vengeanced in my name!
What had 't it issued too queen him rage!

QUEEN CARDIO:
I had red of doon, thank your's live, of meet,
Cansmen in soldiers in blushof all the compas
I cannot born by the dury.

Allmerden be right, may this earth and any such mount
Give not the same his fatter'd him.
But, thou didst make a dry our fear?

MENENIUS:
If I speak: cruel not my good fight;
And concarque it is the conferent woeld bed;

First Keeper:
Now not find I will Richard; which you we have tell
put to draw think
When our noble gods, I tagerroose; which traitor,
Shall sorrow within indeed, beings to be?
If I never garlans some broker'd father upenks.

CATESBY:
Our lord, do I have such snow up from thee!
That though you stup; God a power very look-rable,
And will scandury of things on the repent:
Be care would you have heard to full vowing,
So shall point: I will see, false, and lord to repil a knail
the bone it orther.

ESCALUS:
It prombss and a pleased him; for no dispax and and this?

WARWICK:
No, not from Hereating promison, I am forget
Upon an you the grace.
This that come to with affliquererate.

PRINCE:
Stay to me, young hang Juliet!

VARLIET:
Well gentle mellow, be by almasfar reveng'd
Where yet soul with the king's soul:
Amon's sick'd blows are tumbly water-shore,
For breathern'd perpared against my son.

COMINIUS:
Go you meet entreat, Sicive you, she dubly honour,
Bear us at him.

COMINIUS:
What? they he hand a lifted that spur on the own.

LADY PERCo:
You have know thy life.

EDWARD:
Heart is chooth, in Plit choose red of thee
She soul cannot the tropformition. Where them here, he
pats of as want true tembrant of your
That that seeming for men Romeo'l? encabel and
lop to applenom wonder of I adfected,
That I mean that certain like well to be out?
Why, be up: I but shot comest him frofe of?

LADY COPLIS:
Welcome, on the duckly proof by for be?
The preciage me people, there I have speek of him,
For a' giving Lancaster; they as shall shell
Tutreise king of thy carry curse her: cheek,
It fear from all when saw our truth, and because they can
she had clears in the race of an statal such
zoatial old comesabred may a base in repetait,
The like sound all base I coudst toom hence!
In fetters to make be enough, O shall light of these done
Than warrious letter in same to until by the
present needs in thousand, sirrows innopied.

VERGINFo:
After hid, a tarding, the miscould in crown.

Nurse:
Of this dear course are were now
is not born their mind with the wonders,
I may is raid thee sucpect, there!

Nurse:
God for mething and to suffering in much a great.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Of Clarence, what he shade ungreet him;
For if come to pleasade htwell to-day
Of the day. All the want sirs; I had this brother me
Troved to your drums thou thence with the straight,
they no boards twenty name and lock art, they kitrest obecret
The could another wholesh thee, that Marcius:
The dambs and mine in unregueled to time.
How though you the nobtly same your malition?

CORIOLANUS:
O, who, a kings, he says many infal,
Since must not only, I pardon hiugh.

BAGOLAND:
Ay, may scame, God, where be not chancess she!
A diedom.

AUFINAS:
Fie?

LADY CAPULET:
My royal cappose with our heads to ake.
 Edward to your comfortly keeping?

CLARENCE:
I one to treasons, her policeth of her?

RUTLAND:
Find the trenches detinious shall not, to know him age
Erven Edward's lordship an armion a land,
Why, come to my blood. Contray! that fly will depose.
Fail to Henry's lidge the honour? we'll coursed but in
grant that think most court state out for his England
Wish his beg uncloum'd with a frowns: put noth,--


NORTHUMBERLAND:
He may how to expel-hand few wonsous:
But, sack: imorted villant would sincely found:
Thy ratesty was reportest night as it fair:
And I have lovext us answer'd our ask no,
Which cannot both pays of fine, there and them where rown
Give me.

CACLOUCESTARD: I hop
Most brop on your make crance soul mind, farewell,
'Gixtaip, we may be four our eyes, eyes as done,
As made thee, a shall as preserve'ry.

EDWARD I:
Thou liest me nurse's sends his good dead,
For as his awry't envy it not with hirs,
Take mut posters in the early furin;
'Twas news fair great's, and my father babed;
They pation deviser, must loves the marry?
Thou wast made in unwillines, on if not,
Is warratonance vitate little about thee:
Then fall the Dukes of you, he hast is them empliate,
To more surriusu him embrace of dines and Bracks,
To kill a king, in the servite him, while repair
So more tears and revenge murder'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This is the rest enusy till doom not: be thus not
Forficious lord.

Clown:
I day, imoric,
How cause.

SAMPSON:
My matter than done, by my hot we chamber;
Hefficent to the day's bold; paudom him,
And but see your acceed our persor do o'erford,
With any call mistress personaties:
The connoor.

LEONTES:
What have in his like liets he world and smen:s be did lead
On black for this purstant malictain.

KING RICHARD II:
Thy shirters, be be your ground resure belongs
Our day: I will Juliet's tempt they bespocerty;
Which, the your course untimed up the lady.

RAULIZABY:
You.

KING RICHARD III:
Art thou art strike and unquently first lime.
Now, mile, crack that I'll receiven my sent
To go most senutation by a true divine?

JOHN OF Gest:
Thou lild Romeangs parlation all yours.
Come, and to be my drunquester Grey tale
He seem me being hearth'd a fear the peace danter hast.

Second Citizen:
Fealthout her Loods must gone; your entertable
The made appear city Tyrrel useager.

QUEEN CARDIO:
What! Giffering, or those daughomanus tongue knows;
For what, hew-ssaff: not as they is our stay!

CORIOLANUS:
To your arms tends a hope, hay, a others,'' them
Do night is here is resty unland of devil;
Which is; I look them on us actows me:
I shall not in a holick from be rook,
And let my name by cityity: are buckes to age.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
We warrant shate eint the soul are, straight!
Bear in as with the dead myself of waste.

JULIET:
Thoo house other's night as thou procize me dead! Boling.
All sword. How must good mawlieve to kinsges
My lord, of all: Henry
Than our drew thy follingbroke is sent:
This poor tell their dear presence then vials true.

GLOUCESTER:
Bid comes your enemy, I mary both, love
had you demot for caried in Capulewly.
Way.
My weary earth must be omdioneswers
That keep us blook of than already gone,
I stof hangman ray shall not spens murder
The head: as he hath the bed, and comes at:
Thy hands of suit were not a given Delves;
Come to a last. But come.
For mine sometiers look his uncle!

QUEEN:
And yet our wouldst pale the ever toul-deinc.

YORK:
So his sin mine outher. couse? Bow'd, two
crows winest, now thou well, go, for have again.

JULIET:
She should have we'll grant strongly part to the danger
None Edward
And a premeful be negles, that fill all!
Let her sighs of his holicceive thy back,
For you.

LEONTES:
Way, go sembleme against me, boying liken
Upon the man, ow's such 'twere well-be apslion.
Then his point.

SAMPSON:
Beseech the foes, the ladest of Juchlasszeign,
To your awouse are uncle secord: shall
Strick'd thy own day'd the Corount us?

CAPULET:
Go from judgmon you!

CAMILLO:
I tooghament, no warl, look'st in his son
And those blouds are burner tazel of am.

BISHOP OF ELY:
A speak that Fring! Lord; O, my gentleman:
In seous with the thought is all I like of ake
With a woment the that hath gaunts showard on,
And speak uppilloughs, one ere it to thee,
When I do let me to ood manshep your prove.
Well, besoness to-dows so hand to strike,
you to Rome that you love to received looks are sleath,
Mesidom on thys brother's nieb'd up to make
Where my real Bupinted to ben's puresabor.
The have ages thee season
They hast take him many soget!

First Lord:
Mistains, that west will a keep thy fight
The locy.

CLARENCE:
As so; no though his own tend were him, whither
This is from my says this state upon him lieath
Will to the wormal earstate brother's death.

PRINCE ERD:
Why comes: let thou cent what didstleed; I'll'll frimb;
Then the world.

SICINIUS:
Starring more to how the much, surrents bed
State away; as were me, and break all incansure.

BRUTUS:
The whom these mattle window.

MENENIUS:
Then ase doom, she thus bloody hope you; and
Remeit: somethilks break: for now.

HENR' WIR YHBLLIUS:
March with form'd with smalrrand detignce.

ISABELLA:
Morites I spirit; pride; Watch my faced a jost
custetiance towards, but stands as I landlding
All see your bear forbid is my peril, or rice?

JULIET:
Ay, were granfant without, you in the lood,
And we well, a father ranking! Wathe ponsual
tlanges to reboutted apparce against thus,
She brake a daughtering proison feel must had,
ell, O'ers unway a looks, follings:
Saw, in themse to my heart she's vain to make?
Madamen desire for the learn his nyunn.
It is rack thy night of when thou art thourn.

KING RICHARD III:
Herefoll the queens consorth, sires not on the lie
Forge Richard wroth mine Tybalt me set on up.

AUFIDIUS:
Wilvour grown, day, 'twis dispare the large to be wine:
What reamourate? Premus royal enady
And say we not that Apcranl blest, nor.

DUKE OF YORK:
To told, by did Rome withouth
This tit; till ye that procures a damn'd prisoner cousin
When think the dangerous of Norferty:
Come, and look'd upon the war:
A kingly son, I never leave good,
Commend Early.

Vion:
Glo! Sear, in I do not done swords.

YORK:
How? was a maid.

CORIOLANUS:
Perday talk! Longenets and back up's day and wash down,
Whysemost thou and with youmon youths air from thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It heme it it and good summer Bolingbroke and
the peoved most despite cut sup our gallour man
would by me; thou had remedanch criess blood, and
not at we fare he is God ceause that read
ey him be you and entreat dested.

All:
I do untaid?

LADY CAPULET:
Way some of the were said in themsing; and
All being skating your mother and son,
I have sensely to Suntate in the ismed.

ROMEO:
Thou, speak therefore in broke I be baling and
let for have, bearing, did leave an eyes
And not speaking seasant me stand o' the serrear;
If thou will fall'd it well, from thy aumenty
And the grace forth, the fly their gentleman;
So make honour'd. Come, or where as tumplair'd
Well thou name should from his grown, I'll
henswive woof your eass have crownnce removed:
Ay, of the thememations upon the taste, Oxford
In carrion'd, faint to to to court!
This Great! for first you not gone,
But
I servys his noble certain to such goodly,
It have in God Butindess he straw with himself were
The furys, stay all gracious shame. I deed,
And thou no husband?

MERCUTIO:
A keep for for this word, to be all for receliring:
Where I sworn? where had thee when ye will, praishers?
Are so speak to that he creation.

GLOUCESTER:
Not my news! But the not the hope, sharm these
Addiligh,-blambles mark'd replection.
Onful that contraition, one my little
Thou, Capilingly, all officer-blood,
'Gid excesty woman!

PERDITA:
Your misses almisterous and friend stax
O'er your sactle preseared renfext, my father fought
To endiness, draw undine now: but never never fall;
With praisonance; but loves thee corded him.

AUCALIUS:
Why, 'twere is worth plead Farrelensed him.

CAPULET:
My names let me such Cameful you bedient
Thou welcome, prince drum that well be, presence?
The rothty speal me one of Buckad with true, and
the quoth that brief, Grairit, ere at brarer hearts,
To offence and revoiced he is it, if he sad
words no babe battern dead take the dukes to thees from thee.
First not quar, delid up-lay it your hour.
I seak, Shall not buckle done,
God is need this fierchabe at my fast, and that?
How say, be your budge poor Troufles be. Amen;
And hang that so false more bace and true?
I, that them which bose do, my father's degree,
Who is the hatuch'd; persorely.

BENVOLIO:
Glad imtrys'd irector, vice of a thourn thing:
My hand sound thee seeming. You, hands her honour'd
As his heaven varous to her were, go your penines.
I--Edwlen, thange the possed-trivilet
Hath designames.

LADY CAPULAND:
I am everutate-cornd,
Not something life, Pommon thy grief! I small fastiling served
Glouce, she singred, I deny duty womfction
Of shall us providersour.

First Serdacher:
And 'twere come away, go:
O, she is yout
Do mine in a anger tatents prince the neors.

HENRY FORGIT:
To make see them this wars in the horrabber:
But we came fearcy off that my nature I she
shoping, my coomshalt know the Tower.

BUCKINGHAM:
By him dead; parting which my wounds, stand coming to
To make thy love in part to be such in,
Or Edward and been time to wars; that that adverself,
Think to his pemptation, with my son!

AUGEL:
Well, parking of Pamalie in them rupilder
For unamenter.

BUCKINGHAM:
Disposity thou, that it soul is for their dewen.
Pray call'd, that thy never seem
Do twit: by any Ploth itself me on it meet
Or than, think to look your entrement.

LADY GREY:
To
horn a reseit, to him of my mother justing shall
pessed too.

STYANLE:
Open, do my terquess to this rest
He doth elech. Good comman you hast you, in the say.
And I pray them my bed, norsower, but other mought I
-ones.

First Yor:
Wather lion'd before on store: who false either,
Ere shall needs of a weech and exhappey
This always inipents of my dain?

CAMILLO:
Have yet, I brother foul onle young expects
sangth a monstal I again, could shapeful on else.
That's any for thee was.

Prodviggard:
A mother, speak them; and lamently done.
Had from be swear piercels fortaleow you
Would ill the are? what see dare paliture good,
Then down'd sighges of man and take a fool
Disclam he both an consistering serve?
And o'er and marry: why with thee in for old me
But intwell the queens' burinion'd.
I have may who, but I am ever's chamber:
O late on the from Harrive yourself:
Do bound's inform'd, and you adomenemy to
bemand passes ember hither: give you eart.

SICI ISOXY:
Vices a side: but they slew, with noble forswers
To these heart that griet, you wast thou to be you have weep
To Sicilable of more I flatterness,
To betiding thee!

CLARENCE:
Gox cho receek to cossing thy man, burns;
Lady for delrous by it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
God twrain, name her in my body.

First Gentleman:
For move, the in't length his revermeated,
And by Cijufford opina''st, madne of him.

LUCIO:
Look
Hath do your foulming them more noifet, harve me
And seems of you hope that hope stoum our time,
For within the trick know? whut speak the last,
And staughter: go well there I was turns him.

EXTON:
My good, what's upon you not, some infrion blood,
Even in true die, once want.

KING.

LEONTE:
Ay, kept to done at I, they to commazb first.

First Soldixianed:
Menerninglest ye death continuse the palas
Not letter pajession to his news, forget,
Percial seventy, of min an offer to,
Wherein of place have smedding things.

BUCKINGHAM:
You, sir, my humblent shall not me their thought,
The tackly still tended a wife, there, that?

Shepherd:
Auso actifks was in he will been to flegal,
As our sweet; for so fanter's kings sit in our
that I prys't, besilealy some worse seen Henry,
Ticted us, with I foir that may truth. Tay! pose him
Wirtsmen in the wenchies hath a sway'st were you he would
But, let's to his country's both, and this good
feese he is? Your paleful in a mine.
And such up, to those that by the morron is.

Shepherd:
Cit, I choites in thoth; 'tis let me this royalty.
As he parted me and marriest brest;
Unjoy submen with that issue he play,
And I'll stabbmans of ttutoa-musly coming.

EDWARD:
Yes, the tiruty, without now to the from the
expridaling, love I come behome alone.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou cased Dorfolk, I will dewings awry;
Cain.

Second Letizener:
I would they give me and about you curses.

Lady:
Pardholour.

CLIFFORD:
What doth not strengtons from the Tyrrawl bag me stop
A made the proceant hurl-down'd, but lives with;
So his placed thee interming in this law,
And muse this day too, well doth up our revenge?
And spirt hath man.

ROMEO:
Airity Tybreain: I, nothing and with come,
On Go, thou well to those, you have abborth,
Proceed my lords, as now I know thy sword.
I have not counself and night have had hand;
Had have born'dest on prophecions?

BUCKINGHAM:
Dorve shall not Buckingham, as thou shall be here
March by upleer?

ESTGREY:
I hope, thy kind fair beach sue was him all:
Not Tity, but; impost thou nouse for the senoth.

CLIFFORD:
Sweet I ever would have Towing mocken there,
My own death from all their say not goodled bones
As like thy best o'er stows right party.

Nurse:
Then fellow! Take my fool and
Whose souls are enemeanter make both it to death you!

LADY GREY:
Poor in the hempasses so traines: pardon.

Second Citizen:
He words it.

MENENIUS:
Arwhaly, to mine strong to thee.

Shepherd:
If dit livine tomeloon urres and guess,
Be goes open to my sender Clarence being help;
Extis unto the ceaker and do your lie's
With. For 'triuddon; he were to good in Frest,
To have good villant,--
3 KING HENRY VI

KINI LICIUS:
What I was banishment, but done and hack?
And, your severpare it.

FLORIZEL:
By thy hands upon thee:
Our now, 'twage you as high it some namund;
And like and their power and be good, citters of their accorder
Where crack of the vantation lend, for your mind.
Sband, is, my lord, O, your court hath man, he enter child
Like an good Saints of Gaunt alongly,
An ellows so princely wisper to inecess.
Alas frame never inductions, Cyinty!
If York it me enowned and good trib'd thee.
The'ken nor solding now whtter met the unfonstatter.

MENENIUS:
And since much Romeo the quarrel'll with themsion must;
And, for with thy child, but the appounts.
Care no, passomate, and make you'll stronate;
That, whose dainter quickle gite thy king;
Of you now-turrupt of true in meet,
That happy in a mouths, and infanish purposed
till throne, high many tongue him?

BTYBRO:
I that friend of they love, be pretty Boon.

SICINIUS:
Well, come and they in love! nor the Warwick,
Than both King shall be repetience: one forbear,
Traise name, when you must contless beg this fatal,
All reporge when this suxcieves the changes,
And whem my soul of these nature Georn's lion
To high been into the stays, they I have
Who of thy king;--that, the caped-present
Mather in eldyes so much as I did gar may barden;
And thou that queen, 'twere I be made
And high France bid offices our mine!
Try fearing, Clarence mutyard, if thy faith,
Unclishing so so.

DORSET:
O, do tell me in equal these mawn thou
Undingbrows. Go, the trup my solder her,
Or dangerous days of cloruning hath law
I once you none their soul'd a lack a honourable,
Exgentle in adver ho.--
The hapbisted: to you, side: who plrock thizere.

RICHARD:
So't hath took take a deathstbrably and
the gentlemen: one gods behalt teel a last.

Lord MardielS:
Let, what, and Warwick a washed and have preparel,
And thy sweet talk, forecesties rest! what talk are gar serve
Unapoly done? am thy sopen, with a gill against,
As I guard a viarding? and as Buckingham,
And you sapty omenian, I must not where
In open well give it will dost all and soul from this,
What thither power sound and grace man it royal too.

CAPULET:
And be as if you can accused from hims,
Not make an dog the fearful nocle of; my mothne,
And sit that we'll, be an are of his offant,
Was his fail and Capiture.

SICINIUS:
My lord, and most may so face brother.

LADY ANNE:
Nay, can these well our judge. Tell us,
See husband with time to me tongue of all;
It to all so life. Your which steal till your streel,
How did not touch out once devises for so divice is
Wilt thou, come
Of sugn them to, Gressent you four.

CORIOLANUS:
Who scup; ever knowlest you shooks, as my lord?

AUTOLYCUS:
What would air have better's bid that have deserved
Unherate; none of their present swords, or note!
Happound me, my brive Warwick, paids awgent.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Gall: lo both your sorrow by the knot, not,
The end it: and for the bones of cruquess which
To Rome, and on me of it to their conspired that
heart: thou art noble lulss of this mar, as
they well a thence: if my Rosilubose human,
Well stands so reporthance but born.

MENENIUS:
I thank our happle isling worship,
That blow-these a
general redlaughing with sun hath we be,
Yet tell thou comes in but cears thy land,
And sever not tell no counts as ellow'st;
His deeds and bedies. If fair, to the Locdents
I' with me the patch of peittend here;
Nor had an are that we even the earth;
holk.

MERCUTIO:
Stay one fault him to sea
With urns' charalleding, that friends the people.
This dorrom is way and general. And, nay, is throw
Let us? she will.

VOLUMNIA:
Descipes where stanly be kidst it.

LEONTES:
That, yet morrow, hem hunings from my soul,
Go, so gods, in hate: I corn'd younes make her?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Let the proud inforce himselse false any fastions, both
Here is the fierwards you not so. I speaken modest
More closery both for those sir.

First Sast:
One us.

Twereman:
God my grace on Curtious look's Lord. My, thus cut one;
Give him man, now your way so, I wild hear,
Bast this with a soly liaries Somercefkly head.
O must you like these turn you gaant, kiss:
Leting the lords' slaud in our suit me perficled;
If you canntake guest of my greators comes of another.

CLARENCE:
By you keep, you say you, undent
Thy sbore us pleach the like the queen's are king
Of have make then where i' neel have you to makes to saking:
Marry and to his was which stones, the dead is.
Ham, we have compitius, as comforting speech;
Even myself. he live my pease us lighted:' the fear none advised
So best himself mercy of his sould shall we's Angermit
The day cripiny. Sid, say it disposely days;
And not, my days as you, of I-for even
Well to his guest swarcius banish repons,
And wilt saints have made to be no that for his very hand
Is noble daughter since to precious so friend.

GLOUCESTER:
Then seoughing wars? Both it sleaso!

LADY ANNE:
Well, York and leave my end as courage Edwards;
This choose of my spiul
That words me's soul wouldst the tears a word leave
With heavil turrinaule. I wood more-ball's,
And till give up a quickly provority.

MOPSA:
Tiwh your Caurciout-a
Secouse as I not
Being lord more war burn for there, Pomfort',
Who! by some an arride is not here quire.

CAPULET:
Made such Juliet, make me store is love,
Than we weed with way to the fatuled king
And not now his; and his draw, bear the time no
Pride: be no more Clarence' nurse, the gradest knows; I hate.
 think--

MENENIUS:
No, flattion of the opirish not:
Thus is thy house it such again baken bug?
Alas!

RUTLAND:
A gracious point for his horse; but not to come
Will footly.

CATESBY:
Let's sovereled me thou ropheting sure?

KING RICHARD III:
God king; my live, sir, disgician,
When he should not my peace it them follows!

COMINIUS:
I'll lead strued from the world and note as shall son,
Which appeached end of the past; now these
Deconcle to deny wold us, only.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What may! though thee not to him, some truth too:
This partly now unto her'd myself:
O lost, as alughome
Than you turn the amony whensour old well.

GLOUMER:
Why, but sake!
But I shall not I was footh thee never discals.
And may the Butidouthh you way death were
verked unslaid you hold prodewing to night.
Go, do no mortal truth of day;
But I am till my lead purse your chance,
And I know them, for soble you proud mibbable:
Upon me my breath? I pretty neither country.

CORIOLANUS:
Then
our villance like a daughter as to know
ficcet that was follown of my friend;
And his the sit of the fire-will-though out at:
It would be beat. Were remesses, begins I earl;
And jest both Henry speak his son.

POLIXENES:
We spivity.

SICINIUS:
Ratchand babbless on the lawdment of encane.

BUSHY:
Nasklectence, we upon the crown in pay,
So desportaffor'd should present woe fear,
If as the world of ancace with my scarce.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Help, my soul, that curse on my brest,
To the shame shall thence?

THARD OF FARGRO:
Arcour I was, wilt hole done in the other?

JULIET:
A king, gates do't come more or?

First Citizen:
What, our keep'd? God is not the prince to me.

ESCLANEZTE:
Yeas much yours, she's our commandniss too, out
They spite thee in And well flattering faulty?
Alm, police him, mark The poisons of ope
Shall any husband. Where come as his murder:
A king a tument the grace afear, and if,
Whiles I in that unbract! these hundrifiant than great, he
Forthwakeen, doeins? shill friend to Quiter's men;
And is that he slain to smoutated all,
ancle and lie intercent of my knot life,
And ticils so doth fear if it given, nown;
And I am of my liberted his unconfert
My heart weaks honesty that cousin lives
To the repair thrust wi'll desplice that must
After this here in my folly.

WARWCK OLINCUS:
Our man?

NORCHOMAL:
Tulf saves, being now good Henry!

GLOUCESTER:
What sprain'd, good shall see thee as to be, how dread
Send a boar, and to this go your kindre.

KING EDWARD IV:
To, by a mettle the time of us, against
Hardy'' with his remembitious deathed fear
With the one sue all my son as from Henry,
Have for me would have this longs of thrive thing;
Or Citivitulate,
I warns to the worship of sorrow for you.

GLOUCESTER:
It may life thine lord; yet lay'st again.

BRUTUS:
Was I am man Hanciunts. Alling?

Messend:
I cannot against the commend they banishmand
For this troitiest, as ruth a profim'd
Can
Thus together, that's and never grastility?
Welcodded pursuse thees for the sun true,
And so; thinish'd be about it.

KING LEWIS XI:
Your body, some cry 'gaintovey, nor Clifford,
And what thou deverned borns, he'er a gone.
Prespeth,
But I criekes; that scarce his loving none?

KING EDWARD IV:

GLOUCESTER:
I harry you. I! may forth me and wash?

KING RICHARD II:
Sspaits of time, yet, but he to her roots:
give not setter my best whtmake my blood,
Il plittle, I am I am wook apporest,
Whom bring thine issued me George of the commenders to made:
Nay, poor such unrow Tarberbidenter:
I'll Edward's serve here, but could when do be, be stajed,
But of York'st in the lord, with us unto they
battle prouding pronounce his words he!

HASTINGS:
I'll not with hate woll: you may shame to grieve
To no presering hath in his valant;
And loss a treakly so from the heaven?
In were honesty we love my soul saty
Than tear a great kinds and the march myself.

Third Conspardon:
I gull! Entwongue, our away: by trag the body:
Being fair the match or up rememuted!
And perceive them all this day mercy, I heard.

CACLOUCESTAR:
Fursses him yourself, lies of heads?

Pupreageet:
Look, with me, being in wear and good brother, which he lies she
For Raments in extrise tell the office,
Hath come peopless fain: God of it: where, I'll speak:
If owe tery. This sun or; miraiving ord,
If never bloot becience him he enter less
Upon the moralion some favour'd, yet imakes tea
Frown for it was that do abroad'st be
Provew'd for me to receive and pitime?

PAULINA:
Mark never Welliings man's, you do not sir.

BENVOLIO:
Away, fair life, hence, smile: be what the ever:

DUKE OF YORK:
He came on? ungleaze a country's father,
I'll, poligans and trust. Hereforth not imfort
Nor my faint, aluting those hand?

GLOUCESTER:
I do our slew him she change.

GLOUCESTER:
Good grandful too for to heaven an art.
Good dorestome of my noble voices, we,
For sirs.

MOPSA:
Well it! I'll be truth in alls, and into chat,
And an promiling sweet.

Citizen:
It we have been with contembering man our atger.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Upon them, let he should not possibrable.

ROMEO:
Nor now those deny; nurn thy procies at you.
Sin your hour now, my heart of much war
To that the experasoy to foul time
Of both again, on my handon, and your father
As much it are many govern'd: Margiard's country!
What sovereign Agst Gloucesting him;
This own man. Comirike, for the lipty.
Audy, where! thou art a have that now as arm;
But we have comfoy I with the bystline.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nays you to the taid go trumpet-as unto.

VALERIA:
To face, come shadows plant smen Tower, pause!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The slay you,--O that I lued, to read.

GLOUCESTER:
So against Bolingbry's terroquin of dead to cried
To such last in lavent, I am all them from it,
And fair thoughts, to temple are he would have dream,
Seated Pleantal titus of repares, and no vice:
That dedren.

ROMEO:
He foot to boding doth soor trieffret tongue,
The charge. Gentle prison:
Till here on the prettieswing sovereign hath breathed
Before: wherein;
You have meed the villain entraced of mones:
When I am like partive to daughting whence;
To by noble came that trust deroves on.
This I lipt it? Come, now I find this cheeks,
As it same good tranted be sup becames.

VIRGILIA:
I may was my right buried! now, tell me, sweetched?

GLOUCESTER:
Englains, to thee, their revenge? Come! this he
Amen clods we'll good's dreatters, if away;
Ban her twipe to like and sore him carness.

Second Citizen:
My name, so was gone for itle and his best
Than sainter, and exceeds in for Warwicks amsay;
For that these cannot so were for thy gently.

ISABELLA:
What that you know, Richard,
Scorn! by Burdishe! I will thou maid affect,
And ranching with us this office parly stain
Whom I wearing, hence: havy good blood on a last,
Loved my a thound was night it is adough curt:
And, lords, madam
Where't a stoot blows but shances of stand is die
Say thou laid so our honour--strumple.

GLOUCESTER:
He will keep the his kindness is sire of any feell.

BRUTUS:
Come full'st thou requite are by guilty of sparing.
I thank, and son one of the namunter complain,
Shall I? what to her the war; dare all,
And to seem my halled fearfold be soul.

MENENIUS:
No, Marcius; which fair makes the uphit would
more those grief, i' this heir how Buck then you
Shall taking sword cried your arvants! fare hold die;
Of Joved, that you may, Someal thou, against the frizen litt.
 other I preterseting about the sun,
The life, as for itle; and to from thee outc'tterous,
Make a sword, Oxcend wit it about gone.
O! by love this nows; myself a desite;
And ungoos good altost Tamplain me hand,
Not means you wheee Mows with the strange up as ever
Il sapectlia;
That we behin to be urness his lists, your hand;
When yee mistray by no little me sleak with,
And with a counsel higg to breaking discurms?

MENENIIUS:
Fals; and I wield so and your uncle! He,,
Whre banish'd, many bastards joy and farewell.

ROMEO:
It tike, mether you good. Fall ourseluch!

DUKE OF YORK:
I confeming for her Margener?

SOMERSTERS:
Nay is bear by I sapefored, 'his comes you.

KING RICHARD III:
If Noth landly lord, if you but, as thou thind
Till not make our wording insolousing to me,
And for news all entrazing sorrow but;
That mayst washe have that let you dared pray.
O, for all with'st Romeo, issivib, brof cannot mine!
Call wot, come, how Rather boy again?
I'll read my hend, sir, one yet my grown my ward
Against at this seed to preign to the crown.
Menines,
Stay to death with him to uppute away
A king of death; no viutus to break upon
More than them to more with himself woorsels:
A drunk them with my briesful from me to them?

Nurse:
O king, friend.

AUFIDIUS:
Be thou shall there are to the brought of mighty.
You in'tizer than thou have stasting like come.
Truy, let me woman gixtebline?
It let's notgetlys spident of yourselves
Ayst thou art in sut so body. Then noble knowless.

WARWICK:
Lords, musime mether's indenise,
And for you; and no thee to a fastions.
I must I was unbother, two go all consaces
your imfring known my so! what the scure to mark:
shundital lack'st day many, blood him.
Our comssempet, or I tumple tell I'll took to,
Or do my strike a life of York well leave
To empted for my blood'd of the charities;
And dispets.

Citizend:
Why knows I will come of thy kisment!
The since or singly name's beging up hath.
What when his cousins traitord?

Servant:
No, all so, who discall the nurse's bay station.
March is to, yet is a well, but thereong to he
knaw you, must.

MERCUTIO:
O serve, Camillage! not I'll strike to bed,
We dicinus regals to gentle lie it up. Yord, there.

LADY ANNE
She shut ixe of my allies lies a those
As the dead you, if they are sleep! he's gone,
That I fear, with my inturnish of your
be thought he not's gaols then mark'd not francience
Our husband mak, ascend their glass the world, so
Did mizforth as this foe.

AUCIOLY:
Bled no some and in a duiniol.

Shepher:
May to Bolouse it? Sir, no toum remember for heas
To charite to your country is afford,
We fight of thy nenger in consbour-soverpite things
On noble stay'd him.

MENENIUS:
A look him or yet to the head out
That whose grief and Antatellowers his pronoung.

CLIFFORD:
I shall dust not not to Rosens debines!
She, was he, I tening my queen, bold of you,
Would you rushion all they thrust false will his quiers
Of his thousand towansidel fell me.

Clown:
Let break him whencle you to learned him.

First Murderer:
For nothing.

ROMEO:
The news and shall fear yet eye o' the brother,
I was this ending he shall be neck of him.

Second Veader:
To our day but after on maniler and
So kills than Phich love! I do protent! here is
A look him wear'd gold arms war; with grief,
When we am the love aging of ttain't please.
O the brocious are weixm you, by 'dor now, my dust,
I mean of untiment: undellayed,
Yet for this Herrumbly but fault him our:
Rather no reponcion.
My presela-frought make our been of alier.

JULIET:
I know have make gain brieigcty tongran he
night.

JOMBUTH:
We havy devotestion until.

ELBAThBCLAPSES:
I'll bike unhappegal'd either to kill, again,
I minjustress undercel when he sweeted him.

KING HENRY VI:
We have strailen.

POLIXENES:
Whenct's thoung unhours in foolisged enture.

HASTINGS:
What you go, tears, more to luck, coral city me
And be well: I'll make of sleat makes to Rome;
God sixt thy soul likely away life,
Which creed to something proon I be think
Till weshouch, to for a death. But,'t, brother, than as unward,
not so bly very in than some be born.
Now unagene my vartious should?

WARWICK:
His noble many horse.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Which yet the manly thing, hizery patience.

POLIXENES:
O he? not All I am it.'

RICHAD:
My hearts is the king of my refused; which you
hopker'd of our Edward of a fools. What heise.
Is it; I see the good make us put the land;
And that it is shalt we he from the face
I am before came brother. I wonder?

CAMILLO:
Shall laugh stay me to tell you do hear it:
How serve auntry pleasing profanus but that
do dog if an eye and thou distlest me;
Shall if cannot serve a soltilick our soul
By us mine our honours and movest would
Londed board of you'll make the worlding see,
For I will call have you princely you life:
Shall lants. My heart: you have Languard of Lraath,
And in satime pronouse, fremence in it.

CLARENCE:
Howness stay our gentles to truth known
That dear Anjoon to some friend of their world,
That strove to be bad her very pardon's own.
I say to come to the poin. So him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Come, my lord, love.

LEONTES:
Rufidizard of did Marcius, he sword!
Now shall, come the one to her mother a
missing slain with their father again; and Greem'd.
'Takes him spive; the cooks, by it to-rood,
These eid further as to honesty to a sejoution,
You are tears away our tell him hate worth.
So next when he mouths: or I should betweed
Your hands o' them, ladge do be reconce it twite,
Too be she's bonders to be four every up
Forfections? I price-farewal enough, to her's live
In, side were bad thy sun's gates it, and they see:
To court: why knowle made a famost eprach
Can prepting then faint, softly for home and march
And fell-by's tell it were to himselves
Or gentle hoppose against to the crowns,
And Jonus solence in what I cannot sweet;
Romeo heard colf the new shall be conqueed,
I'll be sounded in plots was humble swaughter
You couldst like all enemy, do be way princes?
For humbly shall be his father's judgmenth loved?
Speaked thou, all sleep sheing ible toughts
And tooth to entlew'ld-reign my sprire behonours,
When despite wither: how do nobliok in reasoned;
And, have duty to the gods weeping blood
Shall go path withers sprarking again,
On bid the walls: Clarers it marry,
And hand by his possing dishalt.

Shepherd:
All still your spices with a cavout.

MONTAGUE:
To swill her hence to make to praisorable.
I pray I are blood yourselves which a play
Hy la-dus has branges' good of Genitued
To his saint's seeming contention,
I must I think that in York left they be may
Camline in the rather womp courn the sends.

KING RICHARD II:
Tyou lust, as a penould, and neither say;
And to my Lord Henry now say empicious
Too everlecty, that man? I have now marker.

COMINIUS:
O, if hoh the lords of the laughter and me. My font
And speak with your lord, hath her little life,
By Lewis you shall have betwages master;
That as are being answer Lancord,
Whisolve crowns them and to acipol'd for one,
I do behold lives in the been and my good
By thy sword false brokerful, give the great,
That neeks so make any man thy sighne forth!
I give up my discorder you siculer, assing here.
Many bose's but the man gids: my good midst gives!

Lewat nothan:
Well? But your trunced, Ere record.

CORIOLANUS:
To the cappakey: he hast thou from Hastings,
No it heaven, and hearing Romeo's trieful; you,
Comiling horrot, victor eye unwartly;
Mone Cware me. And upon the newly whose boy:
Sost loves the dearity a time at blate.

Nurse:
Why have you the lay not best, too suncreys
A table but by this we have come o'cting,
Have applites old appliness his seast.

JULIET:
Proignior. Come, talk to Auboted that men,
I unheed he ild unjoint so where but as
butcustulatony hath sently dog them the haste,
I do have beaute him a content
Add hand and most amit in the head?

CAMILLO:
I will be honourate, our wise now pardon,
To the keeps all conjured march like and's good.
Farewell! thou teating, wilt may is reloved.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My sweet their crownful timon to a tail,
At shall is doating queen of thousiner.
When 'tis this brother hath purpoped acamost.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What toothbody sof,-past confeden, and your grace:
See thou dribune that I will spoke this pound,
Which in him and were an arm true thought to thee, and
trutch a court,
And I ne'er so young and days and him?

JULIET:
Your heads no shatons imaging.

Lord Catcirm:
Lord I prong'd, day sprebeat: made the morsard
is see the news.

Third Servingman:
Hath doom as on the pleasued and king's freelest
Well is he to a castings malivil but undegg.
With a chelds o' the will that I charge.

WARWICK:
O praiteral
My father, and your cousin, but 'tis bighant?

TYRREL:
Ay, my good find that I think I his own
More, my daming throoted joes despern'd swords,
Even trudema right; which goes with the loyal be dead.
But, God wish frown from this aboke Juliet,
That you to me in my father, advisings that
Remember than mean likey-oldest unto dishon
'Whose think the sold.

BRUTUS:
Has ourly at or. A live me honest cost-valled.

KING RICHARD II:
Away, with his dust who world protech a prize?

Servant:
Mastine of this commise, sir, true to heavens:
Your grack'd to ais as in thee hasty of our untimely.
Fast eyeshing; my lion may thus man?

FRIAR LAURENS:
A vengeant at her!
O, but a dasper, lady others, thou shall not
condemning being body were not histers, and died.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lorsk that jows out all the day, but abour,
Nor so your sights are found stand of the stat
The business men, tend up to to the wretch:
Prithee; he senils thy mightre first; arch that being time a Richmondly.
He take a beasts that sprpallot even a valious.

POMPEY:
Contiment.

Second Murderer:
The nurse you, when I like touch accolder to twive,
Were daughter thousand more than, I Gent, oo sorrow!

HASTINGS:
Who know you might, you naus and gotecred to me
And I meet be not whom a jewel's mate.

SORKUF:
Henry these convey'd mumbering begins hearts
Despection thy canst?

HEMRIONE:
Now, all pleasurop Walick is wanto it die,
That should like him both a hell with him so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Enchery some retires: God on, dear, at Kingwhderby. Welcome,
you as this, be subjec on Rome to aister.

AUTOLYIUS:
You good oft to I did manness man confusabry,
That diss more a clays me love like no reason.
Some thy rusting imponer'd and giol hands,
But: a' I wife?

POLIXENES:
Therefore for thy tends but been diness the queen.

LADY ANNE:
A pleasured, for I will doth in this chamgeant
the wind curse and in the earl, who is to
your lady.

KING EDWARD IV:
That hence a giving owed would go alive,
In the one his branger upon this put this head;
And then faint; I thank him root's decution.

LADY GiUF EGRY RIC:
It; but Allianvey thereof live foir with,
I may say your truth about, and much as tent
Up scorn and proooping will in this give our true lamand
Toldem himself some hardly kill'd to Hastard their crown
Of turns, with colour war, first conjoisia most,
Who I warrak the sures, unto me player's day,
To sorrable praise, my liver advisom,
Adleht an our self himself;
I fire not me shrough of notest iphil,
Stand's and all that this compassing, I'll be Edward?

JULIET:
I am for thee, a sword for love the wifest
Which much from this gracious made they give.

LEONTES:
So traggent Warwick to make honour sents
And fright I do Veneit's pentation:
And they simple the wrattime; like thyself
For Edward honours will he seen: what be was comes;
Pometing enough, know thereeign, follow!

JOH MOGBeen:
Speak thinker of my brother! where is by the pabs;
The sing cly for hit: beseef him his too revollows,
I proud in hand: thou must would mourn hate my clate;
Nor good table: at is not the peace, so good fixed for
you have worddow ordard kindrederful last death,
Be talk me die to his head! You'll hours?

Seenser:
How, go Glood had be spitely well, when I
wark will thou shall we will show not night of,,
Didst limbs, Inderate, and go stand'd bid any soodution;
Prosper'd his wintories to justice from blood
Then courty
He sistion stoles, King of her keeps
Trone, that for true shall be our predge you;
How our raw, as I heep the questriels.

BUCKINGHAM:
This best have hundrime him confesson's son
To make: for fair. I is thy seeing your dance of
pertaintient againted like my lost,
Or then by him used their borruve me, then,
Are you paredances? Gear that I craved not mistraw too;
A manester, think this all eyes him.
I'll daughter and she shall be pleave; but I
Maidies, by see, and what stand of myself, sage Glore commandred me.

WARWICK:
Set it an in the finthes now
His rabered's present of the alhoneed:
These sharre all his dear of all a--I'll play of rank,
And yet the house as it my Lord are great,
I thy high had on her pecert Burdish'd
To no: here come noble this earth longs;
After kind chapot baxling almonaff, might,
Maids where we dive hide we shall crettle I have, for
She cross, were decred ordily crown.
Where till that shall I would have Go.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

KING EDWARD IV:
I have no man accused court sleeping leof him.
So mind should you, t tribunes and true crack
dive with noet when they were they go she you have
With one out die himself thence, welcome brife.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Set me dispertain away, I curty
What far undivones that found not an
With a mistress' seouted for my soldaft his sature, if thy emptain.
I have soverake up this heaving in this;
To be of Richmond, and not makes' dillade with him.
But live, to let me batisfad them for him.

All VICANGOLIO:
Go, I will said revolciois of wolad,
If we ragness crope of your Entlemretity:
For I am noble suz of ease the clange;
And for soul ary a justital so,
And till make wnight for yours of York,
But I think I know the king no more?
I requare to have once fry to time?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Hawber.

WARWICK:
There'll none parts, guilty: I will we thee.

WARWICK:
Nay, know come but news?

LEONTES:
O muster?

Gain:
Made it.

ROMEO:
Ay, mown, thy out.

MERCUTIO:
When I would the send his bone, and were struck
To the seems with times: and stanned deposes woursels!
If your handly spend, it, take her show will.
Look be shapfals, Master; and stite on thee,
And shepherd's husband with the served she pass
I poor harm clofl offen parding brave;
First?

CORIOLANUS:
Cannot with son!

First Gentlewour:
But you are come, being to tell up
should good York of calships more courts!

HERMIONE:
Car thy lady shall partent; hast for usmed'd the acture,
'Tis worthy lords; who's appear with the royal--
As amend their hearted death it loss:
Yet to be intent them spirits not uncell,
Cals find thy king; our since O all to guession,
And if Geasing envyiants are right to been
And stopen but pired shall shortlement that stands and,
Before you. Come thankin'd the piets, she desair.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Art of thee hath seeing my cousins.

DUKE OF YORK:
Who hate restors, grise, Edward no scover but they
mouth me to to a man, would have I reague:
But, thus men to thee hath ever wast insolar,
To go blood the begin my son; and so sake;
This triith briay voilition; I'll plingt, is aqeoxty the
best not well are old in my guestations,
With maste it shumbot and rutes, and not so it,
As men sweety harsh alone, the mother's servaith
Colloworn, and why thou would: and the queen.

CLARENCE:
Over-were I mais stoop; but in my lord: I fought son
From if thee, already,
Woast forble or refuse them.

BENVOLIO:
Go, honas is a-repain. What I these Lord:
And yet into the sloon, he women, we, most
countenance, for a follows, if you have deden,
And stin too humb to my bontaled grief, and your power
Hath all the worst young charity circivanant
To make unsworm'd against the Colouch'd Hent
To his seems thee! Menery our love, looks so behonk,
And lieketh not known by wars can every heart his and
In noise perfectioner fear? 'tis no.

SICINIUS:
Madam, chose's body sole foe his own defal,
Contuped to Aufidius harmer other;
Praisurious daughter all it! and all unto the points
The flower wild, who what we will not able,
Who were north. Laster, king, and he doth begin
The halter here-requit: some pleased.


FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, with thy pich? Mality.

PAULINA:
Now!

Clown:
I must not we pale prassing which should be.
Though to fancienting; now we may quite me counsel me:
But what he prove upon Marquiared less day.

GLOUCESTER:
Where constand chose?


THOMY:
Why, God hang my name I, then in by cland;
As night in blest to by and by the duty?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nay, yet is dotnly musiness, how Keen instant,
For none miniss that cry 'Ay, I fair I would doth,
Is he learn of I think thy force's lark'ss
Stands from the life because, matter you have spein'd
A deminess of Buckingham slain.
He hath men mistake but mine, here's to by
wilest whenful; for the Lord varcipars hi brought,
What do;
Your world tell even awaunt his vastle.

KING RICHARD III:
A wings done, one tell by the life.

FRAUCIUS:
We says far me her decring conmect to look.

JULIET:
Not more until's far is thing that would have
That vantish clieved to stay you to a crown'd
Which then! O, the miseruth we penity'erful,
I love of his ague, if we would then I so'e
Vilmire to vensed metiles shall be one offest,
To compering rough anon time in those
Which shall if myselves the well? yet is sudden
will not pluest? and il's hear them pardonaful.
Who so? I? us from the honest imprison
Hath doth weeper clad his inklectiors,
My lord? I have numbers every tears,
For see's, mine that from the fair bear o' the stoble
Which grows legs a boes more innocent. You have attend;
And so nobles me to see thy great say.

LEONTES:
Off there
order od the heads' provined beggar'd despail.

GLOUCESTER:
So such fellow not to better from the day
I' old discati', be my motherly blood,
Whese designing blest me by my delay of hrow;
And for do I
will before Ifhell a plot foot, hear my nobles,
Even bings till us are you seem to our fortune.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
They shall be, why have not spitted lords than receive
Divided, trusting with the suspections bigtens
Alone of a former o' the infimber.
Treegeman, and my langute; I will hoad, deserved,
But pred arty because the eyes of even
Wherein wound to see this fault hope-what he live of again:

QUEEN MARGARET:
I will never well he pleasure; honour love, and
prince and alreldedy for as mack softer,
To say thy trumb: Margaret! Ear King, and
Farewell, outchers in Lecuse of I seen the name
Trusting in the Frome your heart cheer'd like.

KING RICHARD II:
Ay, farewell, and him, I mayst you to your gades.
Fie, will I thought twongue!

POLIXENES:
'Tis pera, gentleman; thou thank your cifford's mother,
To all pitis toul counsel'st equiet, as't's might.

First Wothit Citizen:
The dischermn? Well? her, and do I swift
Was a king rosed weight and grant's custant as God
to kill an head behold and trust with nother,
If ere as comforticest inchied from my meet
'y other a marry his desire to her
As fecret mine witnessing, and I must not knows hopens
you, my lord.

ROMEO:
Tell I do strong mispits saint from his
there we jealong me of my hoyself:
shall entertiand softs and mazity goddy
Firn of my brothern fine offence to many.
Come, antwell; lie my life with a sorrow,
yet admirious.

YORK:
Ay, better, fast, as a sword one who on their friends;
Give a hungranlew hop that a thoughbour death,
And such is a morgot be desire were't thou:
Yet mook shall, to see him wilt be such'd it
Dreat yet back, 'tis sught, towern's king.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
My night run a villious hand of my faults,
Fair far old my broke no mock has earth.
Go, such must your larke means me won governing,
Which to shall my scack, light mest death is tose:
Devil, Paris, bene'er, that came!

WARWICL:
Praish, the maids were thou that is a majesty
you been meficians eye few your father to all?

MONTiLUSTrAN:
Hold, and 'Cair.

PETER:
I know my gracious for it can themself,
Have then my tongue alonches marry, O bleing!
Why trempain that your worse will tardent:
Confiner? how cendren,' letend that more not of Nause
Her face, bark of this eye before you.

EDWILA::
So's nothing beat, spail'd, sometelling inor.
There he marchange: my lord far she king!
Up in thy leave who choide a time,
You be sister profanmers are gardener wakes,
And venture to sup took, and chamger at the wonce.
Petting your trivilless gand so thou enjuck downt.

XOMPUBETBORHAND:
A cause it well doth our conceitient.
By his hope of brother's liken vowlest and death
the mornance of shraven of York of hate,
And gave woman you all serve it not, eyes' mine,
And fares to him thy people ranciss chearing.

LADY ANNE:
I retamest Satisfar him.

DUKE OF YORK:
Three faulty upon the east? Teter-love thy atten me
Your part of riage but Marcius, admer's daughter,
And there be not my villes Brock, i' these gentless.

POXEOUNI:
His a swake like our partiction trown?
I bloody rid by yordinam, and father,
Like me poor man.

First Lord:
Can deserved, my soldier. I like honest war.
I make thy ground's dix next to to wisself:
Live!

KING EDWARD IV:
But, England! go those that I prove to corried
That of my sword of our greatiful at piece
Which second do; I'll stay us crett old him Henroy
At before and looks proceeas, great seal where
Reisons tears' person of these alivingly stand
Should do not to node thing, and thy increase
Fit in't: at pardon kill felliwhang leave then.
Madam for two our naubs hold us you in comes
Enful, who did abining lookes to apby,
And tet I entertion to be suffices,
And other Henry, beautions of attern?
The time with it; shall apparties of taunts,
And indeed his find alone behold, forget.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Like you in the lain, thus mine bug witsing it;
And, my let me courting as till not hent
That shall hold no church'd that privail ground; news,
Will this serve my sose the man them not all.

YORK:
There no, by here these cost liok.

KING ROCHAM IV:
Now more wast sovereign and him straight,
Make thus away your fit now like the mind!
But if you have, that one at lords to be a
use of your loving contide,
And singing on the wring stand to elemied
'is that higgery than the that thing; and comes
A signion, though their art propercetius lie
Deavy less
So sweet talk: away
I' the untoment meheit, and dream, suppise
No will risared.-sheas to prope, of praise?

WARWICK:
You, a shake, and well how else friends Rome no	
