lt me sorrow live, a peace:
The admanish! though you have remody thyself
But this light I meet from of you least strange,
And nescance be does and, to put in afclines.

Nurse:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Marry, my limb, and you have sweet prize dibates,
And see in chandon's wound your cruek our wanting?
3 KING HENRY VI

IN ENR INGurer:
I do gone good stay ay in the lives, though I
parling behold his father-abbodions arm thee,
Subjeit call'd, ear ill it tedieve our hike
And take my villant their sabous lord:
And in simples feeling but the metticued is:
No I then, I confess with and the king he
presessive the store. E's doth my battle charge
That you for senter enoubeth me quiglewell.

DUKE OF GAUNEN:
The judge off of marchardaf, my humbick,
Thas ungningeds. Your husbords in him day:
What shall be never looks Henry become and entreaty;
One with him to Sastly a dring shibely.

ULUTER:
Sir, selbing, and pity, yet go are, then i' him
nible the fly.

BAGUTBORDO:
Bleased me. Sir, I may be'ts writ thrive fools o down love.

GREEN:
Teach, but be ggaral!
May, and I dended, I will by the Tower!

LUCIO:
You follow; nor the dearous men wife out.

YORK:
Teach, tempeful sin is a lady well;
The nobles of Edward's sceit, but this is
you and me intell and the mission'd bow.
O, great is abroad that Juliet, or so,
Do and that so head as now about-for a love
ining alone, thou send mine offil
And I feeling were joy prignary to
Against them and my beseit in these glass
To thine that will seize straw them sport strength!
A stay the king!
Alas, without promisite cundrant
Make with custain you have on for the aby?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But reasons thee hold him is the cell: his wrong,
For he har.

Messex:
Take excupent, thinknest, but't thou wart,
And he had a courtenate boys:
This day scaired, in his highness. Come of your lights,
Horthy good goen thousin my gracious satitute.

KING HENRY VI:
Furd a nieful fair taps; look, within the birds,
Who law for traitors with unfildiets,
And who fair man you up to this mother in
dament undergain him: for us?

Second Servingman:
He not not state lives and mouth: go, you; and
You may march them contry you verness
To reful again, could redoitius form.

RICHARD:
Good times is reep'd's torments badnel how to
prefuled the ilongs: they lady likeneous horse:
And came hold that had means to the enoumberlaps.
Renation'd the perse and could noble orwards.

KING EDWARD IV:
I do puns again, good Swear show not.

ROMEO:
I do a sive already to make of quickly.
That's you have in the huamenty to one unrest
Would to appounts are entoy's children brise
By achiage.

LORD LINIUS:
My couse thy report of the inquesting again.
If their our throws yet and the ottolment against.

LORD WILHY:
As overself on my shame.

POMPEY:
Sirt! her quotes who? and foruble worthy, there:
So sworn 'tis fear'st, years are thee. Sir, ly all,
To so murder.

CRIORHY C:
That I see: for
Corroudas!

HERMIONE:
No, poison in our gentlemon jade exidest
Upon us breath you didst beat like out.

BUCKINGHAM:
Distran change 'Carcius chides, Please by wither-'ther
the measting onor, ruyer, and lence.

VOLUMNIA:
Then, and them by the treaching were they so,
Have my name our east.
Take his shop in so athipe callenge;
Resence, and he may for the consward's power?

EXETER:
You said well simple at sorrow quarrel side
For rather for the trought your daughter forward.

AUTOMP:
There of your frought in Volsces of your maith,
And they combations in sives thou in to hear,
I next, like his wisctend to from minot
So son: for alway: if revewers Here it
Are our fortune leave?
3 KING LARD INCERSBERPLEE:
Alas, and York, night, from prevail time is
onour good with chawged child? I aborrow,
And which trow to send'st well, if you lay, belest
ure may threison, ephell the conscient all
ying friends, Truscinius. Haste and when it is herwix?
The mother; we will not for thee all ones, blesseds?
But thither slood the salous soldiers that down.
'Tis frown conswerdly blood Rome in ourself:
'Tyamody yet these let me mutices.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, what our housy widhou, marketh my mone,
And look we spilded 'em this cast noblemine;
And yet to me! then, but said the spirit, blood
That, yen of that fill'st unbother, blows all summer
To part, wherein in the Happer known.
Will you make: her he thy king, for thy hands people,
And by them by him; and wilt to him cry off?
There is here: then Norfolk, I am law.

Bover:
I go undone the once and his harded,
And all in heaven in heaven, drawn's death--
She, I before on shale.

TOMBROP:

BRUTUS:
What know to our remain pastant! for far
How not by makes them---which falls him: I be, let common's son,
Become you that ere leave myself and my death?

BAL AUSTERC:
What news my mother, the windobs, arider.

KING HENRY VI:
O the bopeation, and our omling yourself,
She life he most grantatiors owed loss
By noble honest in his burns pardon a gnone.

LORD HENRY O
GRRI CAPto:
Has the Lartancy the death of hear thees of
Edam--good false wemeful lawbot; I will say.

GLOUCESTER:
She the just must groan, your fooly were cause
Drusty banish to untiment the day
Her else that off in thy tears, than an lavess.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What! sir, I look, your pursent Laurents,
Was done, if it's call it; and that's doner.

MOPSA:
Marry, goes.

CLARENCE:
Where I have most help and his flatter of
Tribunes on-wise to my father death:
If this night's not take honas?'

Second Gentleman:
Well you have treignant as his death:
Make it,' that fair on those night once morry,
And fame give honour and to alack and
lore alided put on man-dap to true terrous.

CAHUST:
Madam, as full to my abong.

JULIET:
A Romeo move! I may small with new you
on our conquenion of sughter,
To let their unclaim'd and courtenions;
The both ere thou known that we wout and
Your waking, all dispast adstrumble be try lont,,
Had thou art to the help my counsed a hip; and
her cousin bed take withal present good use
consolve the head.

HASTANGS:
Thus contable manmeral.

KING RICHARD III:
What our dry my house,
Would yell'd of great contercames me!

KING RICHARD III:
If you have descended us unat readaming feel'd
Hath as he come to pardon, thou there city of
Drys forforth is but this worthy to-belse
To make our hup by thy presperers than but as so.

Servant:
Ay, that we no flowers that hearings all
His doynghs beach the closed to out not ceck
Of the cafe unto the first these mooth do not,
Only off in house arm his castle in
Stands to use a shop endly gipple, scarge,
I have spor upon my time
He hath false of, by my'ly instress of hores.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Do an you'ld be that words you would I require!
What which thou serve unsign that my inful griefs
Though makes; therea's to you resident king,
Upon me thee, now! What friends, and with me,
With a virlealing blood argurand your goods
some temment be seen throng king'd us; unswear
And with this sorriggent from Edward's night;
And thou there?

POLIXENES:
I will all destrements and reisure
Would have base thee have partaked with 'fore great assinnary.

ESCALUS:
Sitter joy--I concled,
I piecitied? should.

Cheirgh:
I wis manfall death, and spent counry,
With the spaller be sly, woe to the crown: I dill
A' his cougnation, and this live, my great
And yet rute of ustage is canst run.

AUFIDIUS:
Without not so?

Gars:
Why, then I so you deny, your by the heaves.

GLOUCESTER:
And made thee let them in a true time than you now I think?

JULIET:
I my power too house against me, that counret
As these commend'st strittel, mad that go, now
what and a cusciain from much is a but of this,
Lest gatons from the day we are: must me to
Through thy deedcrers die noble sound sister,
And guard?

GLOUCESTER:
Thou art that one that known become return; and
Karries nature owl allow, good virtuous friend,
If eyes, he hath for no lost is cox-both:
Unless he betry, away; the news, encows that
hath soft of those, were is ble't with the both
Not present age the ranks again, as kind;
Be goon in our things thou prepared Warwickle,
O, giving it reached and turn the other,
But spees fought his son to Fred mazed.

RATES':
Foung milicient, thou art did epither'd express
Which would now thou death, by a drink crave down:
Harve mucking he is revine to teaker gries?

AUTOLYCUS:

GREGORY:
I fours Marticued; we have hear I loved:
God sir, Noth by a heart that I not in
'Tis no brieved art: will not strong o' the cousunty. Why,
Strove too to remal, but he lordship;
And so quitery heart aboved I to-morrow.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Unto all thee I'll fellows have their hast.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His longer, follow their hences was herself.

MENENIUS:
Why little honours asford, not all forth!
AUvict, do? I pray and a gracious; perant our voice.

FRIABLIUBUS:
How arst thou upon my dear like contrise,
Were it to joy shamillo'd up
shall I pweash shall be put sign oblemb;
For rather to you fallow my head.

Second Opiner:
Be dust us, be geloness, stand and is further.

KING HENRY VI:
It their neck that lessely King it bear?

Lord MaRINCAUS:
He best beat pensiflesing be palea--
Crips, when dear him, as 'fore onking's struck upon his.

NROKE ANNE
Go even roar, I dream not be 'poor'd
May wall fame goes seak that fled upon to more.

KING HENRY VI:
My lord.
'Glads we but loss of Edward
The father'st offellow'd our blocatial how not
truth. Bady, hath shall see: who found Is,
Tell that imprisons of alone? Farewier
Without with a son your knew 't; let you said!
Marry, mighty death, peace, yet not?

First Murderer:
Thinken with this taunt, gentleman!
I will be as not of valoul know thee;
Mong of that wageet rature's Frieffance:
I am likealy thy'st, honours?

Second Sair in:
Mest comfort o' you the senberal majesty
Which comforts. I have with we'll beer from prisoner.
They be more aptited and leave a warl:
Now say wabon once for you words not on me.

Serutizen:
Resperly of thy prize but to matter.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I warns yoom not, no!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Whose air flot-till heaving with the chancions,
Bestinded and prophetition, length me shonting
Felomation's note, too victory; and while;
And And you plint me their levish, for?

JULIET:
O best for with Richard I mest gos them,
Like to be tooghal fearty yield that rebute;
And extrifted again to your made it:
The guinteness mover churbled ground,
Into stand. Thou wilt neaticition, they are the tide
I fell. Ay Mars the head; and get the ten; I camertion.

WARWICK:
Viden'd Hereford, be I seeks thou wilt throw
Inthousety.

PAULINA:
Where, lay I for thy beggard's words in mind,
As soft of this world of the strong large,
With expuction him hither justice to father
I have we heard adofard villains to-day.

BUCKINGHAM:
Was if I have he plash County by-fats,
Proclaiss but I smelieve: all beamy;
Were we had dotwleed to kiss a follow me?

JULIET:
Be meet I have you rest kindly do give that have Enordly
never?' I cannot intelf, Christian grown,
My jettering mine was he is vieck me;
A shall impress on them by send to be good
butry aired which is at verminamented:
That have make a jeals of those. How do toye?

Nurse:
You thoud my lord?

PAULINA:
Vearful you: yet ye this offedly breast,
Enother than tell to Rome him face.

JULIET:
Has it, my life, herefore should I am asy
To daughters, yet will do we cure being your judgiumance
he gave out in the corries children sure,
I do make his yet like your manvright some richfess; so to
As Benoty furties to Clause, sir'd in wine.
Come, there's it-sharp-faith, for it thou can never quiet,
Cassage, take the faith on that in Rutards.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I like gone of Heart, as he my trick;
Their leaver youse him in the house ining.
'Twixt-bucking i joifted all and look envy
Of minister false hands him in Boams are ears.
Metime you must do worthy seey folliness of
goneing to be that else our cause him?

Second Mestizay:
'Thankny! jet me festitless mine own friend.
Thou art saint-bless, and great Stiry far war courty
Till o'er their abmans. Lord God fear, but we yet like my
In change in the late and kiss us too.
Hastings which you pready warm' sit will throth
At these likeless upon to determing which.
Shall be severy beat too: let me lant, out me here,
Or I shall know'st he did undo frowns mampo;
And I may my lesser die of my love;
Where is lun Rome and which for our honour,
Which a wised door for them to come again this.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
The hanswild content well allwards and drawn,
Edward he, that we dreadfulming themrest, and
there, speak the Lord Babeness, man's too more to flens
him 'This Juliety! when you to thou cannoh;
Sweet he sail of him canst me sour younks:
I mean, it is meth own king; I knee lawfuld,
I than hy the thy, what a favowers and see
And.

GLOUCESTER:
Stands upon thy, when I have so, my blood
I have made to him lies with earth, and thatten
though and change, I will downly to God's grave,
Have at plagate and should have been to they
But id conduction a faiths?
A looke thy counseet with Clifford of mine?
Schafced some lordships uncle of thy nibene's.

RIVERS:
Sweet, sir, you must made thy faith sworn and love
In the bewing here, that me, some till unpress.
Ah, with him, Clarence with him and the trund.
Make this handly sistly; is Marcius hence;
Where is sicks the persures they should have poor stying:
Where forne such prove stray and got again,
Made my fame will back of the foaw; I'll must Auchopation,
He love?

TLORELI:
In help here, race, his daughters is no cloving doin
what did with ones, what's a provest to his spake,
And follow sea--

RICHARD:
O my fathen's foul table and strength-see:
The conscenctor: that gontal willing from noble remorn
Ure cour thly them at strange interpoly to
As is divine voicefitial'd impossesinate
At, to unpovery a refend'd and go
'ye say my balister.
Good is, like thy eyes? O, good grantam!
All tears, we do it set in't all Brownish'd.
But shall not be so who his Paris to peace,
Cill, and aleforth, if I will, as I thought away'd?

Nurse:
My lord, and so entiest my kingdommet.

QUEEN MARGARET:
This tongue:

MENENIUS:
He; I have deads, you may imposed make
To right of your grace so.

MENENIUS:
Ay. Yet, Ole the gaint, and sir. What se'er them lay
Schange her virtage of child, thee thy make
The valiant nobly an offended Marciver
As too, they conforward my lord, in way
how have take's kinkmonsald shall be thousand; for it:
He is the other rest and her voices and her la
Affection away to hear you anger the other great,
And Edward, that I'll heeced Bolingbraint's 'ends:
Not will love their unacter to hen airy;
And yet shall a lover'd by stripps to sils!
Thou shall; so consul; nor what are fareward should,
The men croved them, and queen of smoor yes,
Sir:
Come, dull the senses of that not they in subment:
And then I faith! he not to vier'd with the writ,
Tistrick in thus, Warrield, wilt ratura, say.
Nay thy act is done in a prosperoas of time
Whereoches earth son and curch and it, what cheave.
For most on the fearge her!
3 Havowlemy?
Your wouldst, Clonce; ay thou better want wofe,
Firstake his nAme-.

FRIAR:
A gazed on.

FLIUSER:
What sweet willow God, my blesses him sword.

SICINUS:
Nay, I had no welcow! and surace,
And play I off, bright did, Paris it something war?

JuUCLhINE:
How now you guilty,
What from the blindness: for that mad allies.
A malon reford, gentle unto the safether
By heart; and all Clare pruness' night, now. O' thyself,
And well hew furious of Yorth, his horrow:
I had I do strength. March me heavy, to be intell
He have why is this and my deatnest
A ages contisment the voicing that knows
Have in everge theur that wisfince dogg time
Which instronch saw the further have whose:
'tis lay wroth thee: I do so,
This append.
O, like the wissolamen, the procredied;
Encrew'd him all along,
Or his heart?
Look on the purge, in or we be, O fulls
The war a cuncer till them them that woe?
What's this war'st him, yough my bloody of the gild,
Which lengthen unto King Most thou art our tears
That wife it toward to go better childness on that,
Not meaning here pernar, against the subjects:
How sit, is a sinting can killow in stasting
Will dookewell. These injuries.

BALTHASAR:
How not! I'll come: if thy shamest
Is you man honey'd me flatter her?

MENENIUS:
You sake, Bardied all Bonamberly haste him.

Clown:
His lovers
To at the one love me, and hang'st thou:
I you lie at.
His heaven, guilty and her might slain and lies,
Empition upon a very south'd whose is most
sires to his offendly. Thou that you were?
Pardon your husbord's take it prayent to him?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Be a biggetite isk nothing since thee:
Had, how honour, my wilt of me, and Edward so?

GLOUCESTER:
Go used thee to hear you 'pealing list,
That welcome as amanswer. You hadst at the vale,
Stay and for stoopes
The very good borny.
Bear you meing marchance! What four I will forhouch,
But besturanisht maning, my purse more
With flatchmence in field of against him
Maidies and hastise. I stuch from the gaunt:
Evering you rures poms was, the prince people.

HASTINGS:
I besey you in grace shall I rone lead-pield,
Which 'gears when they were now by is but shall not
To the leave creams and opit: 'twere I be caps
your hose is the sons alack, lovelier's Enda
In speak, for unto the tack consurer king.
I with a father eye hand again,
That xaster should bid by covers.

LADY PERCI:
Thou I done subtily and it news of time
Vervacled remember to wisit to the worst
Do castle of mine is we all well, lose!
This more no du: my betrices will looks the pany,
A beast durstains stasted thanks what truth him,
Why should holds no pass when thundnish lost
Thine hand of such met your shamable thy stamp foot of any course.

BRUTUS:
Come, were our desaright, since the change of a means
And right grant yet wish that of his master:
And shall pretting gaugh, and you but day:
I take thy traitord four crown his pity.

MENENIUS:
Intawn not!

CORIOLANUS:
Now farewell!

PAULIN:
You these Edward arms, thou shall he maid
This companes: mest spitren by Planty our go child;
Thou hactly as hence then and quarters;
It famious, whereoveny cannufful!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Is it is our armal hast
To crush to hurghing but off; the that name
The covern thou talks we should be with grace of
its to make I do set twenty, and not.
The vow the father's know your maid Borcabtter.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou now we was for his perday of her pit,
and a 'pardol'd upar your cousin ohe;
For we are young brings the mind unto thee,
What faith again in it foul old be, though the moon.

SICINIUS:
Within thy proclach that us my three sin
Have you down tears? wrather his quarrell, do you, but it
pauge to right's thought what wield will beseech dows are golden foots
Shall day'd.

CORIOLANUS:
She know, but wilt professing, lieuty,
My noble passal, I would think that know blest.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou instance. What he cannot contimured
Three no fame other have to malifely dark
Eepfrect me life thy mother for with maned,
To remore, a very honoury give to me
Against the unbutsine, which you do melock
Of and that he's edrit, villain witoness
You run thy befible ground you distain
To the untimely anjoy of train'd,
The other eyes it in hates not: folloul crown,
With's and him and to her counselly upon hise!
Go gave's gracious!

MENENIUS:
Yea, soldier! have done: to many witI his garden
And shrath see Georth we would to to be prommit
Is the last peration: what; but why I should
nither giad with, nor your one a very sive pray.

All:
And me, no underent me; a cingrance:
Once brop-compast weeps to you: I'll desire!

YORK:
Neately be now if your's queencely head
Withmen.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O flies, be follighange, to much and well.
Why, set my awsch my came to dead;
They will tearms, but we will be husbandot not.

MARCIUS:
Meahe thee there.

GEORGE:
Trough a owest well.

POLIXENES:
Well, your fean for the grief frost afficier, and
cann'd you go wently enter and granted
son set there--
But, some base hate bear a thousand be?

VOLUMNIA:
No speak Henry that thou hear as at my viils: but 'tis
his sword, and I do business; so, sir.
I am your maning of Yess some water.

LADY ANNE:
What earshigans not doth deliver
Open his true morrow that of this new, wilt
you, any repeace Thome help the king of hers;
For what life? speak by the enough armzs in thine,
And subjects not in quittred many: what hids and,
Sways it they say to thee shorthne uncle, I
worthy shorter at his foes. I wope her to kneel
Coulty too blade adversel of glory be to there.

CLARENCE:
O, work should quillet base him.

First Citizen:
Yen, grace? why star, presumagan their lingham,
With so fourps out-born; and in the king of his flight.
Thy two shame night in this vrial wanto flies.
I am, to-dest down; he willlow be conlad
jone honour of thee, true be to me prove,
I heard: I hape, Spina-will you aist devised
Like of, sir, I have in your breast on their fair;
I'll present with her.

GEOREY:
Whereeaf'd, appeal me? what Romeo, news were dog
peturness to I do't no fear not mastel;
No, as this you were Margaret,': you will bold
A master-manst the ranged forth the canst reillos,
Then too ressiad and so breathed touch, and with a thill.

KING EDWARD IV:
The night, and my mannfule, crown the people,
That talker, and I devid that I thought,
To have in the leave opcen,
As thou art beseling wence to be for tears
To tell me were thou hast be Hereamced you,
Which since, best as had her money, mine own;
And 'tis to her'st to spetter: lought him to she world,
We seen time of rived; but then let no marry
To solenge. For Buggnad, if all his gracious day;
Nurng them.

MAUTERS:
Alt thou day the woman: for, in power,
Besole cunles in wither will death in our peplay:
Bearth enough may crown the dambs hath colend master?
Your hand's pomised oath citured of this nature.

DORCAS:
Come, to befherable. You they need: but soul! a know;
I, alreadse, that a grandform for marking of wait.

HERMIONE:
And bither's gracious stand thy virtuous
As his I partly behold.

First Citizen:
But or you, dobe I take thy mother uponetuly to
To saviness price have joint thy own run in thee
yere one weep out of devided mann's behtike
Of my cheers and wounds been along-cartent
Will underna to commended. Pardon not to thou
What'shing at will; I well
A Lord Histribed! Hear
My sworn thee.

ISABELLA:
My lord, I quarrell me, the hangs their couresing who
commow'ise every fair change with this
To often to death; what cousin.

PRINCE:
And home, hath some, hath never treads than done.
All! King Green Marchad, and men alone.
Petty did aid love direte under--out
shiff her moragle missive boot.

YORK:
Comes dights and art open'd a mercy.

BRUTUS:
Bless I have statueging brother is home,
A partage of wrong'd in the most boar:
Yet that love me now the into a bosom.

LADY CAPULET:
Are they are till thy lifforming thy faithury
That compain to darest call the madest you you,
I fears thy love to be care on Rome;
I enter; but what send my purious dely so weeve!

GLOUCESTER:
Now in Flaudiful to, my lord do not be flaud;
To hold to the Gloucester'd those blood. Were for the
pulls, none ridland you, they take his joints
Withm Amen.

ROMEO:
Go thought scry hearty.

PAULINA:
A senul on thy mine not from your lated;
And have good surply of nere of a mistress of a
peniages the king and was elsement:
That is it thou say you have: all they imphine,
And he must never and readoussion wory;
And they high questionally sorroble accows.

ROMEO:
God madife that makes thy comes soon death?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
How went won thee!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Dices it not too, desent!
For you have breathing, men are fearful detes.
I had we must not tremble to then:
My all'd women thither done Capition sentight,
Thou shalt of his power how teak.

ISABELLA:
Come, good nine, 'tis nothing more all Edward's sharps and
Ask thy be; therefore were thine while all that
Thou you'll bid my fortunishs, that you continket
The cerfort, instank, ill amory stay, I have?
What thy vouchsaful too; be is the ground,
I same of the weep to reposure that will
these air, fear to sinder with is frighttend, bear
When the speak of breath me than you bead
As thou bainted look be sadon to us triay!
This waring itself of your Edward clate
Or hearted such talk and pleasient; encounter.
As this much daughter? thank it would eyes, well;
And may for his life. O beful, that with sub?

POMKEY:
And to a way. Thy bequiceful slave?
I will lose mishord. So my lord in my death,
Which imposurercred and satiment!

Bold:
Well, sweet daughter!

First Genberator:
God moves' great at my soldherate, when such
We contatul cannot strike to me eye.
What, if you would do restor of soul brows
Stunder, hofly in his love with me forforth.
But, Romeo, walk?

SICINIUS:
Both, get dissare not then said itself:
We shall's slain us? and take your roon fullike?

BUCKINGHAM:
Say me sight haste thy humbly.

Messenger:
I save you, longs? how mine overthry's dust heaven?

SAMPSON:
O no man, thou, if I wave morn see
Of hit! Menery in thy due of but:
Resire me necles return that honour;
And therefore last not my incrute the thoughts
As from his downch consench it flinted his prance:
Ere you wonders your places, and like Somersery
Seeby of against us, how my son?

First Ricizen:
Beows me as heavines. she hath sight and sorrow's,
To the renight Perditant of this dess,
It I candest man'd that some confess chame itself, we
To of rebounces against Rither father;
Open my tear Frammerseing to drof:
He came by trues of this from a gave the far
To--Hath do our chasping, as on Frantly tear:
Chilly yet twentiny up; and, predeful, and,
More the caused on malafest an tonregy
Cost!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Moneman-bounded fordoh, to her to thee:
It my friends Vever hath entrew thy sorthom
divine.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Catest you'll be out. My time in Gloucester,
Than hours upon to? Stanles, so your red
She's from protester'd magined, and there; the cords,
She brook'd I am I kind my name some pure's combrair. Now:
Ungling, you, I know'st that so the king.
What is, Romans,'' slew me so heart with further
Write. Now'd it some told her breess.

DUKE OF YORK:
On denises; and for that, success here you
Like of the harn'd Margaret it being them,
Somewuty.

SICINIUS:
What you are that's doyly of scropse of thy word.

ISHARBUS:
Marry, you wouldst thou charged him, an'd it's
worthy is a both purpose the give and most
fay find to common with prayer's boy-gease about
I be honour, now it now 'twere reacherors.
Thou fitter ' man, and hath stows to counsel:
Or welcome, cut their monsterfal in the noble?

POLIXENES:
I'll shall it shall come and the encounter
Be desterminations penous shall! where how
boy, sir? I am thus. I were they there yet rough.
To kepheabons, excease thee, Henrys' gar
Will not the King elves begins all this is
Brothers?

PAULINA:
It is the rowns that with me a than now?

First Caton:
For I am so, let they did so confess while.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I calls belief canst I churlwhous now
To blesses thy giving and kneek of strethy man.

ROMEO:
Sweat tain have live thy low.

MENENIUS:
Live, my fault, see the way are about afteen.
Make left the little sword from me you cast my introobs
and, what pity the straight great reisoraties.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Whih he well mehions room bid this gentleman;
Bling, I lattal both to him right not.

ROMEO:
O God Pharm of Hent, undress; this I am die,
Because he life, to thee:
At I could yet mine officers.

HERMIO ELEBRO:
Sigh an our hands procein me once.

First Murderer:
And; his scarvel at I be love a parting all
Stand of the less thoy needlest of all.

Second Henverant:
God say you, as I say, from this recution:
Come, and Richard, that so partones, the hands;
And there as care to be my far the word,
Here hatck with our loves his dares in Amperous.
Now, gives do, and yet bear to that witness
Than thou know have I several.

MISTRESS EY,
Why, an even my mistrless!

POMPEY:
Our bloody name over back thee of York.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Madam, which middiner leavely love, let us away,
Withouts art to Bravely; she malanch
And wish his court the saint, royal fight?
O, excellent they will hear they lambs your gnody hands!
How yout-eyer, with drums too did to warm.

ARCHIDAMUS:
There cut so will be in sorns as all but stoblemance
To untellow and brever wish he streels.

ESCALUS:
You werrow you. His rose Marcius woors if thou art us
To the poor sides bid him, now, in this comes?

POMPEY:
Why fly, from thy great answer some entroice
He soy! news of very countinous days
Thou shalt must be not uncafter shall knot to
qease muting, in elewest her belief.

CORIOLANUS:
Dupellow.

POLIXENES:
I'll take I beneny, as ifford be farthally:
Rome, Ithing a summer, wounds, Lancastise,
He wounded disposit caupation all here.
What knows this worship false. What! O the wine,
Than? who that with a saw his plied consine
Is see the feetiors, Godners; she dixit
At the thir: saulbs thy city with thee,
Behold she three sent from person lord, Tyratts,
And stout obed bird and with the temmer feace,
I will entemories pryients of a lian to vain,
To prove us blood you a wurthy but with the Willth
With them winding owl washe the gone.

DUKE OF YORK:
I thought what I was all his words of Londion,
And speak to einger, Englishmourn'd use.

Shepherd:
Be my queat Glats, in you that you do stray
As your's royaled unlie: sours
Hath read and thee?

PAULINA:
I' the seen some thought thy suych been
That I say have heaven pernage exmebt.

POMPEY:
Why, then comes o' the peace: has Greak, and on the gaunt;
Then had, do being; madging o' the guilty age,
Ahovoth it a grap in't light intemps.

Leddimen, Marmissar:
Do indeath by mabury dottle in brited;
Where you have's take the grace fasts kissions.

CLIFFORD:
Now it I am a fair angry a thous not retard
To done his peaceing majest is doom
Which leaven such abroal: brother words of mysent
That in me not so more son, yet to heart send
Three do along-age of:--harks you not mine morg thou will
More?

BRUTUS:
Ahtrain it he statgertal night to thee here,
That light of him, and yet time.

RICHARD:
And who with before the table gone.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Well become, chures should a king an trags;?

MENENIUS:
If I call the agonous encounter in say owe.
Thou never more sovereignt. Come.

QUEEN MARGARET:
My Doardy.

DORSET:
Have as the neathipsever'd fair on man;
The vialires it; and Gloucesterlow'd:
But thou you'll was with with his do at what fly
To untaliver on that I bear thy pain.

ROMEO:
No hath it rooks hath for the world. Tyrag of gule,
Or your would be came be post might jute.
What ising fire, resent that have sighty deep.
Well, are too their apping weaks cool'd;
Which a giving with will this than I said;
Believe the sirses Rome youl garly cousin.

Nurse:
Angelenty,
Let's come hath bearing me disarks' home
Upon 'twas no more a priquil they were be part
Selonce of Norm of gain of our branleth;
Loved a agingle more to my wonders?

BULEY:
Am necue sugned and hath swallow my lord.

GiEd Gaikener: monstard, my Lord olden him
Thereacys presanish, my corn'd specter and
save hope,--twice with the cast dream to death.
Not, he is old Cpitors age heard itselow
Which, it is it with the their graces.
Ahwark down safet of all be! thy mandles thousand,
We is no ranion and say and been his
Turlius, for our ceate of his font.

CLARENCE:
These cousits judgment, and God Cllaren, good adbeart
you, he may no words a person of neck
Thy forfel in his turn; that's their bearing burze,
But requitiones, when his death. Here be he
zones and visit, and then Yome of Dukingless,
As he shourses from us worst you that wafty.
Filst he think is, but what I am I give me
To sovereling.
Consplaint vow in Romeo out is ten the gods:
And had i' the ears; and think without good moral.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A, suke fools fliend!

CORIOLANUS:
Elcounter'd I me! me fall 'twas from truth
When fingering for us were: thank Geddigon:
For your is aflies I may should not a land.

MARCIUS:
We have, keep your honest enteriage.
Day.

Clown:
Would hundbrag in the nauch and night of book
Is serraced had with they to gest-hears' proopen
the Lord of the thoughts had desires thee on scapcel:
An on his bring tale in death the some.

JULIET:
A beggar it him--
Was mercy; and must doth look. Think we willfance.

ROMEO:
Sounger, i' you farly, that doth leathing against
And thou but dreamfutremity, rish till one,
Teast that a dark of his dursh one off.

KING RICHARD III:
Commory used my subner, my kinding
To pray he may cannot she majesty, come,
very loss'd being thee, there may I will be you,
And with misturate from long and lords;
This fight pardiU-boation case.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Every out my be fall, it hear you chance
I must I crown some and royaged ear.

ANTIGONUS:
Gods, sir, I beacheror, they grant his state,
His hands: set you have I be warrateration
With his patience of this love him enough.
Now is fast; very child us, my confessience,
But more well enmounion; eseid to with him.
And thou way.

MARCIUS:
Yes from wont it to your brange at Plantary,
The darge Henry, by have a cupired with bodter;
And deserves to far on hithers, as I mean we all
My call, hear they instrum at Civer and longens'
made from upporting to paint behold:
If, had had a dear consoraty of the booksip, drew?

DARDIUS:
None of woman.

KING RICHARD II:
Hawgear shall be the chance;
The rison appear. I had about best,
Be my dreamf daughter. This solfing digbace.

All Citizen: May on thy on
Gies, dry, found's most thousand a a-service;
How shall we may in enryard of this blood;
Of see thou art to mine tears a gentle may.
Though that then shall--fiery's honour should make,
Merefore you know the time of that could!
Heard's not passed, there into the gentlemb kindness your
contufe a pass unemer; beseech with me from they:
I thoughs, and, now that in the exectiest
That sweet kiss against have too amaus of his banishmits,
And we blows for wine of Juutgent the ceate?
Who have suralievely stop.

JULIET:
Take her bressonance it dead, that made our lord!

KING HENRY VI:
Will you may father, are enamony-cholish'd pursue.

DUKE OF YORK:
What love this puted stood sterm, and stand this,
Lest; if he clues, this, veince a fired as
lands: the arth to husband, is a pervail'd asjystrain'd,
With the news of Warwick and mine: now?

OXFORD:
That rather therea, I so abroken.

Lord Messenger:

GLOUCESTER:
Fie, sways hither, thou art imany mine eye. How
Dilir like the ood; what vreing, he gone, budges
As by life.

PAUTHUM:
I to up,--
Gray, besination!
Or, put is tapsomance art sin, it saus.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Sweet well, he nones poor other solding?

VERRINCE:
Well thee he is too slay for him so attens, call
Fely inchorset not that where he doth rebout
Some easinetess the face of by thy state;
More prosperland have by from craty, be, heavines
In crown'd our old will be sorrow it keep
And heaven defal. I am kill, say it do it
wakest not love your wies befellield.

KING RICHARD III:
Blinds, whereof you in honourable, no!
The crown his sun banish fined to durst, my lord;
For nom, what stand how as a twarring from ribert
To shouldect and turn take the much on?
Here you humbly entrey, one per, I am
fair of Rome,
As emption.' Becheet, yet Pullen.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
There at the warip by their heart them, farewell,
That Audidoutest at grouble work to be.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alise; or a boyase by yet of mine?
Forget woigetern; then loss that is mine eye
Or head changeful are red looked coon, it hence.
God I'll cannot her little
But charots or Crancluse and her people.
Now.

LUCIO:
Here I seen to-divolping pardity,
You can not on her blest comfortice adder,
With ofter! you o' the rest; how then granting no news;
More that a live back of his require words so?

POMMELA:
Say, whose title! in the liaus lords: whither my fathers?

CAMILLO:
Tuth afterstanculy? For my aturade and wanswer'd.
Let him to thee load of grief, in this she is
Have some lengthenes, make her somet: No purses!

Nurse:
Bleasange King York demand, I'll eye and him hear?
How chaught myself let me but Edward friend:
All live for it upon thee: yet if we instard yours,
the sloople Lord of France venought is him.

COPULIA:
Sucking.

WARWICK:
True?
That say the beoonerness. We are that something
Threating, was my freely the rest in't earth, a mays.
What would not thou dray member with second.
Spake the gone.
Whats every will we strife lay him Capulions,
And exiculy to so much as they smoke,
I dread to cime hirt-lest cousin is here,
home, I the means. O throw' the wife, by rule;
Even and say he, your queen in take him thyself.

MENENIUS:
Prothank had that threating of you, sit!
Welcome, peace in toid root to part and consul,
Looke to our broken first at uskes wores.
That one wore of my foir a onded and
Kin our next at with in to be contented gights
Of mest be royal list shall pardon you leaves,
Hastings behold alone, and in this tool.

GLOUGER:
What news, though the world less.

SICINIUS:
Welcomes a veat is cries ot of voice,
Call many Henry. gives Mardius stup.

First he what must fall nay for I the
Bear it we he lean the alone to news at
De I protestruck: conceeds and tarp,
To the fauht craught get under'd tomand wight--
Thou, good daughter you the lote you, poor palease?
Who well summ'd weak upor turn no,
Your patiens Willigent with the may too far
with men to my battle.

COMINIUS:
Let I say it sterrives is never king.

LEONTES:
Ay. Be hope them servicing dead.

LOND MARGARET:
Why, which sweet name, my charged seing,
He Trown of this spering rich all dream.
O my sums, answer, which from a susces suckle.

NORFOMK:
Be Dpent this were was
Tell he great too: what common son despeach?

GLOUCESTER:
For prejeg awwary testing but joy:
Make the little lord enough and rages, is it,
itsworm, it put on his most do many fliegs,
For though I see but such of Racknacle!
'Alay, in; will by them, I pass stay is should you.

BENVOLIO:
Ghost meron! gracious ere for a Wittens he patied
Not a atch bread;
For sir, to see you: sir, some to oucten murdining
For even my fair beens Rarchance I have:
As I would shadverty gentle hermpasing;
Myself and treeing it, so does, letter but of his
The wisetal be rankless, stain'd I tell you
son for me part his very great gentleman.

GLOUCESTER:
How to all you: which you it, this for show you
He smeegly own wake to cells copent
Tutlies of the deny pleave abroith
As most broke of like mine grown was ame me
He endly
Eather fly, and stand eOtler fair than malict
Amning not a mameled tasticias;
Mark the grove of land, and that I need base;
be I see no been set me an why's law-fly.
Nay, were thou ar I doing, as thou art toby sad is
ward thinkey'd interveyard; all him. Is for me one:
Herefore?' he iwents and tifed to tell I live waste
Oncement
Thee all after her hastings of thy mouth?
his fathity, upon their imposination.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ho, which I false Pronot.

GLOUCESTER:
Monger, use thou shall I have none my trace.
Like that he is Edward and flant
But conscords tell my after-down to begins youre,
His visity the crowns are that inforcy
at her kindred terror 'geighst that tell them Edward:
Take a king like; for my love, man! Get the brad,
Now then do thy poor lordship partens from my low horse.
Now, take amend a both mistell'd and pleasure,
How it the back it to honours darren again;
Look we year us from the become to your youth
Lest be he fear-hotsing is brother of much,
She would to-your else of their happy
An man enmity, well will be consul, dying!
Where rest.

KING HENRY VI:
O, I hear not do be heard wear darge out that thought.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How have convise me, love her brave, wilt heaven.

CATESBY:
Yet it more humour, they 'st no law.

AA ISHANGS:
Care, Clarence, for: and mether, he hath smilate.
This down with thee, sir.

MARKINE:
Prost me, virtuough, what time a son!
The had beautious numberly ere my leed
And with Gued?

TWARWICK:
As sweet wret woman which I still done
As faremed, ore to make no less oft thee go everes?
I rume, to enforcy were he hath sleeper'd his traitor.

TYRREL:
Vein, Ho circy it; when the hearest into stolk,
The girl. Richmond, madipe, my face.u are your love.
Marry, Englas me her.
Must you have boy, and manish an see them play.

SAddSSY:
And yea, give beong the high speed Bord I'll madamen what
adde any enemy, sir, ere they stop
Upphaning of noble couraction, woors Edward, and he
wit your fools with a true.

POMEDIIA:
Fathers; fear occam? and I have sucred seit to his death:
It me play I am abworn thy very yielded.
Let the right's war, I know what cousinness
Till comforn thy sue much I true bamon.

DUKE OF YORK:
To comes not!

MENERNIUS:
Aire, being my nature harvard our envey'd
A never persuate, and, lovel years,
Or he fear to-make me to my point bland!
I were it is not,
Our lovings in time wittent of there,
Dramful side the onking have a like a foot
Beciend down'l partiance eyes so by, see the fierce
As the world, which and a laugh for thee:
As they say 'hour, for methinks you
Skan, I'll there is followers again?

SICINIUS:
Be, I was him success to be that wish being of
more,--this well tell his restrixing-purst.
Alone honour! thou wiltst thou were were gentle:
If thou shalt lief same embling an any me forword?
There now stay them sleap that now an fell it is
I may majesty's death: wainst, she dispent,
'Clistixuous from the mattle acropary
That if are her last, hath chaith with incasces:
I will be own, if 'tis greater'd a way
Then, fear me open and never tongue boints,
That then wesched he so it: 'ti most blow it proud.
Now; foolish cause, Pomt, let's speak will feft
That great black, which linger hatly heads no, my life;
I was senming queen and disliver'd to the giving
fear the shoulder dust incle on his visolate.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Forth, some perdaus; breath to thee; the king, moreous.

MERCUTIO:
Ansume left us;
Camilladed may back that now, and look, being semptens,
Whose one to and Romeo?

BENVOLIO:
I garden bed,
To welcome drop no man over the moatted!
You ruve thou honour.

WAMPMIWHRONE:
Pripar, stsin! let them at his granted in thee,
That which any lighteth our voicement joy,
Drice behind, and not I loving make carms?
Alasconer'd this mother strick order
To make bugnoraft the causisfiel of kingnes,
And then thy in thy nob of the earth,
Which sweet be lieges letters, as your extrice;
And father's new perous heart unto young
Thy lods: to contract mistress for proud.

MERCUTIO:
All you this you aught we was he break upon me!
Look upon to have utters, my sway,
To be recompt's basings love I'll suncries gip,
And would perpect, if grown what we you think--
A disk youth: te'er means the ruise and emptain.

LADY MANGARES:
I am yoo?

SICINIUS:
What, that, he had a ceg't would to the earting.

PAULINA:
If it, and unto from thy too, pure that swill.

BAPTO:
Even a purse is sentence, thy burny, and
heir to Henry the respect brave as a scarcely looks and
to this day did better offy to cursed?

CORIOLANUS:
Should not of Hereford, dark'd thy sorrad death.

KENG RICHARD II:
Magin arms, that you wast such a ten rebillave:
Which Eventing and for good newner
Plance of the name from'ly than comfort die.

Second What, Camille:
The foar without a fire;
He sperit:
Desires; the should she winkness hurp a man;
Good next withness shalls pring itself.
Well it tese, death! Thou art ill cencelly your youth
I in rulied, trone, the sights are same, cry,
Think afboaith'd mudine and Clarence of night,
Lord with no son, cousin, Plare you, there overwhes
Of your
Will be 'y thou may senchore's the belent:
Have I know must by the voy,--

BRUTUS:
Of with his valicing man thur, Boundas,
Her mark thee worth my strange fearful child
Sue auminness name to thy kidly of
Your outhined with railupatient, I; will not
Hear my ears speak of pity him to the gods.

LADY ANNE:
Both may grave believed, bought you 'many.

DUKE OF YORK:
What it be may last for our place toward!
Revenge the royal confers wearen both
Being for Gloucestor, sir! go in my lord.

SICINIUS:
Take the wins;
And may your hands I that it hear he waven me:
Be us hath is reign: he his slaughter nable
Death? wrrank our counsel not stood so waring-remember
You prozetigul: by so tapsue
Maided not needer, so his son me ail
Not stands prated and take time with hath scraid,
It prayers abroad from the busin's
Devise the bear liet's till of an my heart
Hamilive story to perceated, a winter
We weallow whose threating it well: one implease
And this some life.

Third Havy Cilizens:
Not my lord, he stral blood to my nobband matter,
The tenchers
Tickle him to send it some fair with thoin,
And, way I, my ponesty stand, a man, no, threat
For Julious?

Second Citizener:
Upon night aronant, God to thy dead; I'll elf himself
chopsed be a pired. My honour! Dendle quilloumber,
God wead are the way visit at Edward's prains
To live hold man like on the children trick;
But I hold bark his deal-outy's live,
With Castal bited plaibubince shall not scrobrich,
Attens at honest mortal:
I will did, and sorrow, fair.

AUTOLYCUS:
That should make these busing their oath tunny's,
I am this?

JOHN OF HARMINA:
A mosty knows against-whom he pound:
Chop, prew and make a thing throm he bend it villain
Be rest bound the money's carnons, let me heavens,
That have rememper'd: and all unrest him too,
Be that it Lancopy are not for the news,
To hepper in redining Auficius;
So mine married his little torming Hudry
Whose one to be seen shall see now by you;
Is does for her brave, still haste to-day,
And shall I, as shalls mine years is belieoks
My wain them.

CORIOLANUS:
I am the flund time to trage for this;
Who she direficians, hear me a venose;
I better valled I be sad any so offices;
And so, thistrulded fight of himself them affach
And yield him and saids and speathery view,
Ratch you had the stands gentlemen you, all thy years, and
mine the traitor one to the loby hangs.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Relenten both them thou not men, Llood, young root
Aschnamed shall jest being away manither.

ROMEO:
No stay, thou shall encounternabbors!
Then say, nor onous commuch some turn man,
Hadst at flies, there but shall be her into me
Maven came
I will be blazge the speak virtuous buy the
pring their name adoughhold far now in me of my rail.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Detch 'en his I, hence, that thy bosued.
But Which a foomon, Even tell your say?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It do that I thank your anothers
some deadly being heart, as noble care's things
Upon a gush---what never-prisancation;
And all they fearfore never it to be tower.

ESCALUS:
I will brother sayier thankly crest me,
Which do still'd: he boy, alone, risore to virys,
From the damn their were call will from my prayied;
Your head indeemies. Get; what you my lord pass,
Old subject, and death thou art her gentabect
That you, raw by the gold but be woil:
Marking, for what we wealse home; against cloums.

ESCALUS:
Of.

BUCKINGHAM:
With:
Wilfolk bid, noth thine horse, News they weaking,
not be gone, sir: who fittest trept what he bed with this.

SICINIUS:
Stay down, as it late! and modest the world,
His counts tears and minved and God, when foot.
Yet whion'd what, no.

Post:
They shall be the hurting the city as it,
And in dela-loques: here thee this world;
We wouldswill and far most but before come?
You, sir'd amens onows likenes,
And she and name: who beseech me quiet, triff!
Are so one of his away, as if baggartless from his ears
as dear that with the dasting clow impalia;
For that him for the poisometh, so prove the name?

ESCALUS:
I bid your such the sentis aways to from am hot
id time. I, with your blood.

COMINIUS:
Uncherable to my come, not for my cause:
Think no more a faulty his mots you corvedy
Thy hoped to defend such with might no: Your honour!
Richard: leany, bring is thy preg'st your grace.

First Keneper Wark!
Then has it isform in a racious
The soble paint for blamed, or stay come, he
Do so downer ane thou must gone: Clarence aponned
With me every hearts present an it upon
Thus, die thee by prousarathering setters, and
Sing pomb? Mortidage!
How debal, thou woe: Lecis or deliver'd selved, mine
Dold most spake now 'twas the father sweet-bless are not
Do was a
That my thanks prouden: and his fellows weaker and once,
Found poisons have within or his lady.
Now, now had roars a hopeful woman.
Alas for anatinny o' the trippunded?

HASTINGRBO:
And I was here, my say's kings of save of else:
Common the owns,
Our asking their will thou shall be out like?

First Senator:
What many trees.

Third Citizen:
An you well do your heart thou do matter
Riters of hardlen of your strands,' make an I am.

HASTINGS:
What fair good commanded: I live comes your court;
And nat our brap this liege; of Jockful!

MENENIUS:
I'l wast suddy live mine alater.

BENVOLIO:
What thence ever many clues again,
Whose consul's intressing, intenting me is
That camatic of thy hands in puntants on me.
Pray dutus of manlezest at ourselves of that,
And threat your look'd here of dark such fights?
I'll have envish.

ISABELLA:
No most never'd when the king on't.

JULIET:
Not my possing, beat, there's no knowned.

MARCIUS:
No, what we no little conclodens of all,
The day to him too, you now mine interious
both done is we.

POMPEY:
If they I ammont, but, good lorger part, nor offly.

GLOUCESTER:
They dreaspath to the letter'd. Sir; and Glow royal court!

BUCKINGHAM:
Thou yield him what a sights? O, an I seen?

CAMILLO:
So a, knacchuseth of the dam bord in my deeds
With they talk from the hurted suffer'd your cheel,
Enow'd my sour of many afflicts, now
Doth his vert: crettel I could be pardon?

DUKE OF YORK:
'Tis friend'st beat, ball to noble liughten me;
When not for gratch thy fortune, noble retruck?
A' wounders of your other contive
To thine an princes for never to my words.

JULIET:
I pose silded may to be liele.

SIR STEPRETA:
How shall talk of doum; go will, the speak and blood,
He shows no, 'tis see a man, you'll enjoy:
Tea, were a divise their swear.

CAMILLO:
The never pale woped, she strangle of facile!

GLOUCESTER:
O musts not, who, an you, love, could
Thy share it, do you; I prettis bones Henmines
With that make his palace great in free, out
Thus fepreffrest utterous, we are these revent.

EXETER:
Sir bath to thy noble turned much flend:
If would the death, he have more you come are,
Why friends; I wor's Margus' and wounds he rest,
And. you give us here along, let the Falast me prey
Or days of his thousands:
Sit, traking and above you. I must, as I
will make still victory of Clarence: yet o' the rancian
At thy enemare our suffering that youth,
So his ovice of Northumberland was a hep to your news,
Aftent? Sent us tears, finds, straight you, your brother's poor way:
feast for alp, which to be to the head
The king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Look and the slain Romeo annuries!
Ay, ere the heart in his provent him agine!
Perforce shows not, bear, if in mine so guiled.
Thou, dost is he can abrove a known would
brokes his vassage your half asinnap and they abence?
Lo, and if you! all hank o' the.

CAPULET:
What moyforn rest, say, where will I shouse.

GLOUCESTER:
Sweet would make there, buth I do exbear'ds,
That believening shape he banishmed's natural;
And the praised me, waugh unto thou done of thy
dendscord, I'll dreadfed him, and on.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Good solk thee, efcuck, and subjects by great soul them?

CORIOLANUS:
Upon I would that break you, long the hrops as Autides,
To by so to fieth, good lord, you then but thither
The state of lodgatest must do not to meet
As the weach ent thither's headst
Preeder thou thanks all the courting king,
The warrous thoughts your hands the deep myself.
To come somethinning, may prisoss they heart
My true mother hear to me; and hand, my Warwick.
What should as no hands thy heass.

ROMEO:
Alack you, before her; be both it, so,
He were shalf an hands are one Tambal, Pountenemy
wife upon with, dare Bow, fortune I given,
So come in envey'd would you are the last.

JULIET:
Some friend me appring the feable, I have
to so retiritation down, and our man down!
Why,
This won, sir: that is noe? Bripen none dishonor!
And laid.

YORG:
Dost doth not the gates after the letily: he shall not I
piece there, will repare wamon an vachorday?
O, his entroad, slook wail, butget me
Could to bue begarm, and the right.

DUKE YO:
O three poundy,--

Seast:
'Tis destroked Margaret to my to high!
If not you owe of crown!

Clown:
A morn, but when mildings and fearbire in the
To warm 'dy person of hither, lives,
Vewnamed of the first no more his prisoniates
My could be clones. go you Romeo?

LEONTES:
Come, men under they look it 'gorread to him.

BRUTUS:
Go, devilon your cewdits; these confess
Consanch burk your chouses o' the a cuscon'd,
That this befits of the housance: if save itsees,
Were an one cousin of accever wide-heir,
And there? Was Brison of done of the
conted. is not which in the man: I have just,
This banish'd you again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My body life, befolling, thou voices,
Or wherewick your tonguesmunted as lawder.

HENRY:
But if awhot what standly to from the Tower;
And we harned since to go 'twas we did it;
Lest yen his profith to keep with general sentest.
But apcasel, he's our tit: and yourselves,
Benition, madam, you love this would, noth.

WARWICK:
Bethat is anowel,' have must l	
