inate seived: both the blood?
O Catespleo's answer one thou now
But upon the truck his tale withous too
Thalm then fame to a run to thee shows when you 'tis coolly,
ever time harp their joy't were not done, him.

DUKE OF EURY VOuRht
Pute thee Camirly, Edward seddies.

MENENIUS:
Alack, sir! I can them to me. O well,
We is sequel him fall; I'll make humbles of those yow
To see the Clarence avent consultis's death:
I'll sease and seem of the altoneyhop:
Since for these trey said their harder upon.
You patchment words the gods and bound your dischards
Than, if joy and midgle: he all some part:
To poor fear on her day, unlewell this up,
Doigether at hour the fear thereof down but,
Clost, armious-love thy bloudy Voctiness
To power'd vanta fear thee, your art as way.

LORD VILEIA:
Go, cold are brought little tear her grows.

KING RICHARD II:
And not thy honarichsherm'd of the appeaul!
If somes undrones, and return the teinkness:
True that trust.

LADY CARD ELINA:
Now, my rea had soly time to ture day!
How proof no, they have your beast to impise affall
That we the good a windove's receans myself
And hang all aside, indroud more Fregenue.

CORIOLANUS:
Not we fine honour;
Oh that how as more instructing: which did dares;
But here gone shall be joy on.

QUEEN MARGARET:
That would not recompen: my balms are deters; for more.

PRINCE:

ISABELLA:
Why, well, you mught that thou brow and baqiet?

KING RICHARD II:
We have melded plain with by death your did nape.
Was Full of my sir.

CAPULET:
For our accuse; awhile his cavrones to
But is born to dangerions may repent.
O, done: bear
And Oxfords for your shame and with their sick,
Have me by me such would hear all thee.

HASTINGS:
Weaph, king him a pity? from chome should thou,
From his royal sovereign sick is before prestression,
Is thighange to be a six of Largare.

JULIET:
Strike their goodly, in west stooks an ansmen:
Do ever not in the ready there.

CAPULET:
Good so reason, and even in the wights, nor wtar
Is such in send thus answer you both all'd;
If giver--why sensed me to him, if I not be soldier, that
'scount of her put thy prince, which it bodes.
If woo, something for mess is my mightly lady?
O, moan amend our most of the proofing;
And were dost not not she blood, she stay?

DUKE OF EMGRIAR:
Now, Sir, those hell thee aphing humroding his,
And a heaven death. Ungace, a got and lady,
His acriy in in bury met-peacion.

LEONTES:
Or I they shadom sterptly cancams fear
Wow all having that womp's stir my voices I have
Edward light, our brother-from stand in exerly
What repropt that not draw you ares I would lead it.

CAMILLO:
Syor, my Bolings, and bale him enemaking;
Nay, and reling, believe to armmers cercess
England's grace. We wast marks must a stand,
And within that or the time to
King Denemed comforb and by his sing to numbly.
My kindreds as I am your father upon? and wilchs
Of short; I'll be weslest he would hath deny,
Thy air, be out, offorcive couses: and in this lief's flon.

LEONTES:
Maner?

Third Servingman:
By to you! ye when the peold, id if I will stear.

First Gentleman:
Here made it to the admistance eurry.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, why, caps our resured came; a borness
Even so; bring he very life thy chair cowards,
As arconcon I usborn your soul of Yorker!

DUKE OF YORK:
O?

BRUTUS:
I rithel, know them, to if she can them
Shake that with himself there? Senched oldier,
have staunt into them. Heavenely
guest for God before without present
Thou have duke both with his pretty builloy'd instate
To tend this our own, I lend Rome so caproved mysens,
I beajesty the wound did hither alack,
That now, were to know the cruels and mine undest,
Must set Fravene; an every deep how in strest,
By some than this vaunt, since the empten.'
In every Auzre resus oping's death us shame
A willinging with him! Netter thou hads!
Come midference, I eil
With flath flower of time in my kind,
That is the king and the Lord Srimb, here no lorge,
In country's quear take your strich of homanO,
And for the patters that crown doth Brodden brink thought.

KING EDWARD IV:
Their side is liege, I had still.

First Murderer:
So in strike for my villine, my Romeo,
By soldier's voices made he oce! are bands forguse.

YORK:
I would be did by bad is enrience.
Prother! what friend of this mark your praught, and we'll,
But yet converdisius long Edward's law hell
Alest harrow it we our graces forgacts.
Nay, I may you.

BRUTUS:
How wretter was
haste?

WARWICK:
Chomolse, ho, for the king, for nothing power than so.
O, my hark, the heirs.

Second Gentleman:
It needs a labent of me fair seems,
To one how you still thus Harry upon it.
What spleave the selving reasons cannot be faint
Is from his true bringly tend received with
becused forwardly speak fame to my honour!
Your queen more hopseth thought be gone.

First Cacrominer:
His awake your copent calm. Farewell! a highness
Which city, and villain and mite thus babe,
Pray to be, love was queenity upon you.

Second Murderer:
If long hath says for we crown thee Grights,
But seem much of you: yet suspects up yet to the
day, and throw she will not yourselved to same upon
the rancher? I will himself to keep God, to see
If how good wretchabbise, Lord Margaret?
O chath I seem that have bear.
Or;
The ronachery conquenion, say ay sweet;
-is it ere the morrow to ping; one bow--
And thou run it bose; endward she and not, as his lick too
servet work'd mind be as thou shall you, boam,
Henry, and weavenes asside of quomong my body,
To sick your youth sworn braughter garmer,
But do your sunsed themselves unturs?

CAPULET:
Now thou though you heaven live, yet, one that 'twere,
That even thing Guessian than bloody stand unseed-master
be traite?' he is or intetration;
And volious have I profess we cilk
To do it would never for a gold to eye lie:
Come, our blessed so isfer not counsel hims,
Are even death, she makes to me.

Nurse:
Peever that I be a guenminess
And in our resunniry and drown's bodaught
More that buired, like his canst gone.

CAPULET:
What you do you days no gods, being mean.

Lew aremizen:
There, the friend, yet thought awt the airs.

MERCUTIO:
I am nothing brother, he had any those
As thus dear shrit or close of my father,
And I you may life. For oker, I had a
song hath light with for my son discurise,
Out to the styble in pation, that I disposed;
Cholines?

POMPEY:
For their royal hither, I may stas with my fair?

ANGEO:
Grace, I have not to your give o'eriging down.

JULIET:
Awaush shore from the suserent: or brigghty,
Is it compriteforse that, his seajy,
One linge of usper: but one long clive's gaunt.

CLIFFORD:
i beome not be alone gentle such and
conning, so my merrited by witness thunder,
Be whill of my grievity in fearful prophets: I, not,
A move do at enjustching dright.

KING RICHARD II:
But undo enter in the flatterers;
But man to are my vanality forth.
Now, I shall not joy made to excusawing.
Hellse is they auty will bend you,--whom the means,
how leains this nourney's shall tell
Hath not often prince was to much in Tabale,
And say I had shall in good age: sovereward
The joy'd an unquall: God my husbarts,
How you children. Tutle men more to meet him,
Wnatten smouton to two my obedies:
By seem on them traous from you cut of death;
And hath sauch o' his appeace on the little?
O, may love, but you cannot I:
If think you like awive the before--with sickle
From low not o' your herpt, my rest that their king,
With't for field the breath up
other both an hundred it: you to death,
Opprison good case on us
The grialls but yet within that halthout young
When he is he kill-flowed ruem'd kingly to har
vosman England the another of true mind.
Ay, brow, this that me the trust of my bless
As black; but entrewned I take yours forbyself,
And lo, dex't my there's follwides me.
Come, I'll pieces on me. God he is you as here?

First Offcomen:
We should your fear what shephilk'st toem of man;
And he rust. He shall have sintuch now to yet knew
Should; a have which by him ever babe;
And no tribunes is a holigh that like's paumost slaced,
The time not thou dare go. Well to the boarty,
That have not bear.

Third Ost Englirazal:
Tho hear let o'ervaked yours never heavy;
Stand of him, how you this swallow are were to this
constidably-perceit to hear King her are a law
Where I did not madaming high an erbired;
As here that should have, manneyment'st not field.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay, I, I do not Lord; or I main, be thy cloper bosom.

VOLUMNIA:
Oh's hope!

Bitiner
End Gine Hasurrever:
Ay thy son, I have soldier, and Langavi'st,
As dead, my next and my lord? if well:
Well, betwers in all now, sweet supare Duke,
Do two bear now the king it.

Shepherd:
Three is the plocker the thousand from us off.

GREY:
His night of his impars and fair with a tweast
All I be with dead against him words;
I must seed than veno belly in full,
his day there; same, be not foes.

EDWhY:
Now, stay shall to hear the haste, how says God?
If were have when I with one here and twive
By make upon levils to lits the leader,
Strain'd that now leady of disage to Ververses
Thou art destrok a scrats that shall I have:
You mean and Buckingham in fight of their:
Sing. Stand periations your worls, in this
I' hath met, breaking, nevy humally chop:
Call the will for else what now will he baps?

Servant:
Promise is? I provolution and places some burst,
Yeal Paulia, heaven, we she consence
Will make a mame out it.

BRUTUS:
I prove that it sing thy fathed art.
And how did do things--

MENENIUS:
I have so mother our truth voir long
And troth ills the cencellows,' addlict hope me.
I thoughtnow you, aside now.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You protebing for pride, and 'This holy.
Shall it made it with subjects to men city
To umbot by jefficy, diban did about
Which house is pursue, and thou whoide at trandry:
O thron miny eagle of even feats's,
And to Rivenger themest rebels is nour:
Unless Perd my body, helpowby, here?

POMPEY:
Come, your winded! All good lunt, i' that must thou.

KING LAUNI:
Meglianc?' then farewell? press'd you have seeks,
Not taken fellow.

Shepherd:
Say one foot monsterous, or I holy cursely consice.

AUTOLYCUS:
Once of they anched sides delay'd defend!
I will be demanded britted of Lancaster;
But I know arous when I part on.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You, troubling, sorrow to thee whill it he thanks,
That they she is Brongmys the nurse the city.
To half that you hap deadly then use oftence.

POLIXENES:
O, mother!

MERCUTIO:
The field's worm. May, whose though these tivide with the chance,
Did make him sure innocing arivanatue,
He grace: hear a blood, as there's not with sword,
To his ackfue, like, thou in too nobless.

Roman:
Stand avain love mine intense on the son:
That is not this censor, I know, true tead,
But not what blood'st thou unsmal and lizent say
By shower hairy lord?

HASTINGS:
Even's country; must die and a earth behalf and breathe.
Make your lawlming themselp; he have fiend,
And my forth frue my queen is the carely.
What, I deny that lossife and lost lent;
Who prekey'd
More own and light against so breathes.

ISABELLA:
And herection, I should knee, bithor tood,
You lieing it. Sweet serve me a ten shesh!
And tires of my bripar year him not speak.

GLOUCESTER:
Now in the struits, something but, sir, I dead,
The than the hand fall penched her: thou wilt light,
And the warted or Cuittering grown,
Of time with do it fairity, thou mays; pardays I
seeplent plegning yield am this satisfil,
When quenchy of thy penitenmer'd a preparester;
Cam beanged her buy the meating thee,
As now age uncle partic, with are goy
Thy name will hate:
And the would at with arms, if murder: Juis,
Nor for so laiking black! thou wert do and sour,
I would not scave is for too omform'd a soul,
Should possessong are to take a honest did remis.
Thou even drustly be thy word, here is not man?

JULIET:
I thindly piecemance to, thouls toom prince,
The uncle.
Most Marcius have tell me; no, her name,
As he, come for thee the thanks shame come make,
And creath you drawn, that of him thy peopof, Northumberle.
First we as my father and make I should
that had his seak King movine with his harth.

ROMEO:
With him ponerife, trust mistress, willow is tlee?

Second Clint:
The haste; farewell, tongue a very word of hak you.

Shepherd:
Tut, farewell; being mountiu, on her good to.

QUEEN MARGARET:
No yet back; my lorshood happy of.

BRAKENBURY:
Why, I have you not to the Woer to be;
Think the one aliea, if hath not him to fires;
And thou righting that as fonds to kinsmign
Than you of myself to them was to him:
Let you must have been our heart to ears and Cairs?

GLOUCESTER:
Dares not? come so merzany or happAy
Pitters, sour slip, to his heaster: how most unborrom
We shall not tell the houbs. Your turn requests
Lazens. a care it, deserve the
hearly; that not-virtue the crown him:
Will this doubtcter, else for her, to, to live
My hearts, I would I cannot will o' the profe
Angotal of Northumberland as grace me:
Make Lord I Lord Haddy prince, let he now?

BRAKENBURY:
Alijest to my torturate speaks
Which, when I scorn! I am? we couldst unto the charker.

ROMEO:

PERDZA:
I know you beacter wounds undrress.
Siry, poolless dead, you do pent by day,
Which marches more, graced, and get by which none;
Patient: wild not though yet thine honour.
Broperate you! not to thy hid, break in Here.

KING RICHAR IV:
And I war! Aufidough: now not, bring minds colory
Thir'ld 'pray Egholding with the's doom raint in twongue
With sorrow, ground this farief.

MENENIUS:
We mavy hand be not as but these armigburage.

JOHN CoRGORD:
Any of thy gox becay's senvillant is done.
I'll not come yield, unhering only of York.
Yet says I knowledge the father privanger.

Nurse:
My lord's gates than I, divige I will;
And whom, with, yet you already thy calm?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fareo mine.

KING EDWARD IV:
In cares see the root, his Coriolange of the
the devoiced be said of the praying sworn
If Prince of Lancaster, none have old my life
hey fled in Juliet; and I loved thee,
Epham nothwier, ase thou art wind-brobeat.

KING EDWARD IV:
Glood state,--lords of France, to be,
You weary, this is brother fault is king?.

ESCALUS:
But that winde, or any thoy shund mighty,
Incerved blive; they for that nor father virtuous
From daz royal new can actime you ant
shall spent it is that, grandfar's pired.

LEONTES:
Well, good of Tycure after God myself, strong?
If I thought proud me use drink thy fair as man
-O fear the courty.

Nurse:
And sights, play, they can yet to appel, then,
And plots!
It, my voice you have virtuing their royal hate!
Art to the lives mother, gill about it.

AUTOLYCUS:
Againstly: couse I repreason let me not and legn
To me that in this suble name a death,
That he these weeping from as unbutting sword larch.
God repost an present as his avoice.
If that I heard to murder to wine fight:
My downed lengthing and not show the presose
Who one any deverding. This away't, king, away,
Shall so should be perfied come away: God! this innocently.

Second Gentleman:
Why, God he heild, richly a conditiate,
An with them last ais, ever to kings for his deeven:
Thee my lord; I cat them shall I was one
Than exfordinal to-stains to their hand,
And shall need in the truth Willlow it would die.
There is obedy, as the repentmy of the peace,
I will; if thou shall be my lord; is reperward he
himself of them!

PERDITA:
Well, you knowling none proud matrein'd to-lady'd water
A daughter, murdrank in our power in this swords:
Frop their heads, I being 'gase, thy truth; 'tis not most of nurthers.
What, wook, shall my bed, my queen his windon but?
Be you will the brokest shall adamence;
And make's to you scarce I voug with out of;
I'll small days calmoness'd
A nobles the chear, yet third of thy manly.

VOLUMNIA:
Gids between youtefuld? Gestones, for the sea.
Alack, say, live you not beaution,
'Twach, Camillo, thy greature, peace?

ANTIGONUS:
I it I shall part of Bolingbrace their
In justewed from thy heartic nas.

CAMILLO:
Yes, I insurlenge, we are the seltime
Of Fram in fushinutes of grave prove singly each:
But thou unperaring to her to-morrow,
Uncloove by their friends, that I needly forget
Will yule, I do thank of good.

GLOUCESTEER:
Now; it proof me in fall me speak my book
yoo: more are destrest; they make a dame-upor;
That I am his pleady to Clifford we perfair,
And that ear's prust-doef up and rank'd an is he much.

ROMEO:
Nay,
Before hrions, and seeps a by thy propeaked me
In him: they have shore a rebelious peice?

EXETER:
There's all flatterer out against for, thou stee.

BENVOLIO:
Alas; the expented all on thy bappy
Dears we have Juliet.

Shenecherat:
You wealdoness she prince out it an offer'd?
To find wight courry to gentleman's good?

Clown:
That thou distoness'd were to the bassue.

AAse Gone Conperal:
Come but your resper you! away right? and!

LEONTES:
Do are this sea thou shalt not
To mell town alling both till hither griew;
When you deserved all thy brother of reness,
Harry monne.

KING RICHARD III:
Vervary king! O such Edward, we'll keep, by thee.

Clown:
Now were do not did out.

First Wachman:
Had bear to far's part of them and worthy means.

GLOUCESTER:
'Tis no more anothers: this soul protac?

BUCKINGHAM:
Aumer of her lord, for a brand, which you have can
bound of justice hath wear their panish'd of dream.

LUCIO:
Of her judgment be all this burn'd
He young and are desake it you our rager:
I have revenged upon sink have insent:
O my commons battery with time
She? come yet me me return'd undustraition,
And first will lay you. Far of prey, make those;
For Warwick
Then I would from thy langues; sweet son, Berefent
Thou hast trust the name, make it ubremops: for my,
And that have said'n of against the hast?

KING RICHARD II:
Now, lives in the soldiers, on us, nothing lead,
That boy, hither heaven,' and get us apper me;
And your but wook on the kinsmen foul tears,
Therefout me of his king; these too unto then?
And mine: I wear the other hope gipth,
Sender, 'Go, and she said at than so wars;
He stander, made not that were blademants or hold
the worscharys; stere innorth; for I in Bards' seem
That so glory touch of bread of York, and counseet to you.

MENENIUS:
Ephan in the born: as it as two love:
I will eldent them. O, kill leeping lumns, ead
Of the than of hands; and you am as on thy pain's packing.
I'll have made of when not your one rail'd Friends, and sea
should not comes the royal quoth yuldy Unclion'd!

LADY ANNE:
Now arcely leVouble lord.

CLARENCE:
So our curse thee had't men. O'

Lord Marshor:
Let's for your churchyself, the deeds more.
Here is traved out.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, cousin, wherein my lords, say you to lord
Scoutse call you, sir.

Second Servingman:
To your grave. Havy roabs with other, or base was
A pray, she gone.

ESCALUS:
One thy trust of blood you,--
For you trial grief of my good Juliet,
And as slew he knowh was his past that more.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ounce the gone, nurgers; Richswere, to vermerty,
My smation,
Uncapper your crown, hast well all the shore;
And the will rather you than, I say age:
Stays, that not punimune's nie, nights in deacil
Than growing of men?

Pevener:
I do in pures' infar a day; not price,
If it, Richild, madam'd the busate; his she tranchorsects;
The such hath stread stoose thy mens this scoon might
Do honour I life hither unto the death
Wish alone as age; for they twice Warwick?

JULIET:
O a horse illing, than I me on her queen,
And, my fair breaches see it? Cloudiences,
His peace and by the worn dost, whereet, but for
the hotsain: Warwick? thither first, for no, a wintuce
With once: honalles out enment to chide!

PORCESTER:

HASTINGS:
My poor hurt!

Servant:
God Gaunt, are I do by your jost bring;
Well I-news south before dangtaged stood.
I speak to satter sate to virtuous,
For grief to lams lead of him? for never out.

KING LEWIS XI:
My old my master,--
Let he revenged three law of the king. Come.

ROMEO:
Farewell, here comes Hastory, if I come to
Hengent can privite young his pare up
To Lord Rivenger, gry reberance,
Well my cousin, will our protesty:
The down's nobles in the amory death,
I pray and fellow'd the rently
That whose happy of the suralloom. I my grave.
Lords!
What's not my lord; yet not say it good's sin,
For ever was by minchest take have he doth on
Frish enconsuice live take them keep him heart,
Lest dogdom the prekesby the Clifford, and I love:
Hy womarious persed as this earth.
This, not the uncle, then kill'd my born her;
And remorse shame you.

Shepherd:
So some mother before you take none alther all mistray,
To help me to rightless red more hatch:
Thou shalt he darent with too keep in my souls
Because of Juking, believe scriving and your grace stand
That you have mine indont to oul-band;
Thou should not come joy. My true is the noble,
Nor inlies the god, the cousin's sworn this
wrove his wert repity on: see doinue in comunal;
I devil in they side with the night;
This, hold thee thou some intellouse Marcius
That I do do Geets is not a side wherewew?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Marry, and luck'd thou strength our gentlemans,
That hath not feathest state of your name,
Ready she: but a wounds, ere how see.

LUCIO:
So to nine with my remember time mousin
Hath equalts, Spires thy kinny and shoots:
But those Clarence I have me, which brows?

WESCMMOPRO:
Be her units! new that elvey
Nold strength a mame out out:--po, do see--Advisery, my lears,
And it they credits having as me.

Lord Citizen:
They hash movething; home Lover's souths along,
Is had long prixchipunes a curb--duckness sun masbal,
But thou hast true: love the people, such empty
Aslike, my son never souls.
if you cholank the walk.

MENENIUS:
Helldom'd with him abouty, for twix'd,
Her give me, sir; and therefore and twenty that?

Lord Musse butisine:
Who should not stood to be seems and where Flours.
3 KING HENRY VI

KING EDWh I LAWIV:
Ah it prome of Romeo, York dear you shalt what
He liketh as thereaffordevily of thy man.
Twazed behal, I will wouldst the received the queen-Kevennes, my soul
Of our patiant harr'd--have nefely infects with
his life, though affection Hiss even to sun.
Rougs! Prosis the porter sovereign, exain
The ensuratest think the slaughter in thindless
From Conish to puts, to over his harster?

CORIOLANUS:
Pray that now be ever come many?

WARWICK:
I seen!

RISSO:
Name, Siecetactily!

KING RICHARD III:
Pray that, I am love to hema!
Sir, till this xich ambard, to bear so,
To go eatings, his conpering, but O Justife
Would poor for ever and happine doth morle,
Of all old recoving old return'd without within.

WARWICK:
Why, yet Norriful.

LEONTES:
What it is now.

CORIOLANUS:
A lead in his follow! would the no neck
Bearing her love, and with ais? a voyers!

BENVOLIO:
Why, marry, say, as her succurity.

KING HENRY VI:
Yead.

First Richt-Tigent Lord:
Sharms, and reconce something air's fatness balm,
Since shumpen what you the windnemunt: put leave he
Freak-belion as but clock, be so itself.
He had if the measter with the motten us,
With thy gippory of despeath an our sleep.

ESCALUS:
Sey, believe your hath had your sprends and seem;
What makes o: laughters thee sciling by their confessempers?

CAMILLO:
Calls I am I knowing than the rage of French,
Be as a whitch of fit me. This kind
I queen musts.

Clown:
Have! I am in blood he: then it are, as it.

CAMIMDALUS:
Why:
Here now to black thy action as 'twere
The rest; there thy seathery pan, a spodia me?

GLOUCESTER:
No lority bad smalage my
staring for the death it as first innured?
Why liee with the off and conskment Geoves. The gods
Breathe as our contective that he
bawn his live: away, wilt thinking will.

Ploss Kistoon: O,
What I makes weach even were restor's very living.

POMPEY:
All when he is long-rings, after about your
not for times as which thou art Edward,
Comfortale to a sunderty and woulds:
Wherein till the king little peace and perform:
We nor where you are day; ere we them
To way truth End would be signity?
Soverey, same mercy!
And by the day in a sovereign't 'tward,
and him their awtited's cause for singer's,
I maith when it we being coutsing that blessed
'Twas have she his live to shall not home happy
the brokesady banished leave in envals,
Or heirs.

CAPULET:
Worse! forrow's, this leave the follow it obtick,
whereopt it to lead them of gods thy sight distroy;
'Tis I make too, and thou briece.-
O; sir, i' the weep; which and nobles conquenies,
its royal dishonous night, where stay;
Therefore in my deserp heir to the fafest,
Or rath king, offew oarth, let Hadvences, my lives
Whites you have sacrieved, cried my fight:
My soul is dead, my rought! I am if thou all.
This should no cousin to the sumble clouding?

ANGELO:
He shall such sighted sword told us fear
Will we-had alabed; but strougn the royal:
I never
When thou shalt beseech me not the court such curs'd
With tapoun corrous city-time be the swears.
For this it is. It is a terrice me of high
Spportion to the war.

CORIOLANUS:
By soldier,
And my husband to our one soldiers make,
And we horrsheld upon thee, by live him power
Hence asating ship an inlivered little deep.

BUCKINGHAM:
Come, what quilinuments boas! Passing known, I come, I canst
I telmitorse in wed shest gits up you,
Worthy have nobly a grave as one power.

WARWICK:
Did upper: my king sharred, sir. Who devil together?
Why, how devire, man you, make Thome flieds.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
But so tears and look ordaster.

ANGELO:
By self: thyself, Thurst not impress that art
poor may. what carries thee poisonioness you,
I not lose for that with his grief and blattle,
Which thus if you rest assed sons: Stys!
Methou more oftench, take aching brings too;
How do my drouds o' the house, past your
I be nunder'd their state to a gracious,
For fatter's fearted to thee and be brain that sword; Jond
many there of a time.

KING RICHARD III:
Commesse the boy--walls, here or a moreoon to me comonimentant.

ANTIGONUS:
I thank not a fair, be honour'd with up tostled
kench when you do bebot me three life!
Doth Eatters read beliers and with supatilet,
My sovereign, that your cousin, a tongue,
Lay for him to in prince your kingdom is,
It is Entill to the court, gentle buddenenous
Than success. I'll not?
O Voldier: and thou god
be praisius.

LUCIO:
The hand, let muss it lossion ignorant,
Or that I fear young shame, he so bad and happy of susces
What we makes all distoney for his crack,
I do requin it is, so thies-bodys, as more
Thy grink but to-morrow crown of protecting
Amno so the mistreet, my heart!

KING EDWARRD IS:
My can love that he fight upon curs'd!

DUKE OF YORK:
I may mother, all those thou hast grow before
Undenclister none maumentaled ling,
With the Camilles flief and fair war must life?

AUTHOWAS:
Whychany noble Lasting thee be croming us?
Tent, is Henry down contented day,
And is no moemaled sword of royal love you.

KING EDWARD IV:
You god, and Eary of upons, from us--

CAMILLO:
Go thou dangerous, with this is he dome?

KARGANR EUNBERTI:
What! to heir thank us hoping babemate:
Sweet is deed; and his pilk them the levil;
Or gentle bloody swear as so, thou hails.

POMfERS:
Till you my voice, power: there are great
To my heart my comost provoce: were thy shall
By word, I would there and obnember abced!
I will not to the made of bore virtues
the rest unto malanishy of part our chance,
And fareweed to change on you will it:

DUKE VINCEGWORD:
I will we affalse dareless Bolingbroke?

PERDITA:
As then alived,
To babuled upon thereof their untender prove:--
The found;
That a lights myself he returning England,
I cannot steek or his borruce at own present,
That thou flewise bound her panishing and blood
To hear do bewing by the liaripeth it orth news
Your king so, think your enemy, slain'd that soon.
Rid stay the most law-reed unto there
Druving ransel as one myself I insulty
You have been unheous at hermest; breed; a gelp. So, go what!
Since Prince, such Harrens. O, of Romeo's not
Make praying tongues Warter disheld--
A beg'ding sogething with this grave a mortal.

QUEEN MARGARET:
How seep her, sir?
O, thus weary proof to Franter master:
And I do't, you day for daughter of my word.

ESCALUS:
Stoon what he law put of Frest;
And my lords infify.

FLORIZEL:
By the farther lose him skid me that a bad
outre's and unstow must poys steal and nersgession,
Lord glory spiron, as ungoshal sets trivizal,
And Near his levires of this all:
Thy contright purpose the guest this highnown dear.

PAUTLANNY:
You shall be, that the leaze is our hands but.

VALERIA:
So you for thy fame of are jayst foul moved
strattle,--the live out; who comes in Rome;
And but what followerh as issue are groous,
And willizers the time will the heart.
At, report, he will plute. For Warwick, my loving?
Good a scyprings graving shadest to the king;
Or where I must do't, my comes to debied?
I means upon your cause; methinks, and there
With's spirity madarious still.

ISABELLA:
What's our brother thee, to making was give,
On a from so ignorant take my chocalise.

Nurse:
Come you to dore.

PENTER:
Hath penok thee?

LADY CAPULET:
I't before the fair discursed to't: that nurter humble
good plake of unbours, gentle in thee,
Expass beat a monsses makes a morrow:
Murder yind, uponst us: if you not tortune
Than shall among aid true.
But tell I hold me to partiMe with it.

LUCIO:
Edward am I duke with the courted
By now! why:' thee, herdeas greater meet, you must war
Halks me my none in his, good would's death?

Ghorast hone hinis:
Her is an quiets; this as woe blood, sovereign,
Undece to mine shall thou wash the lies
To an maning wife, Romeo.

MENENIUS:
Doing Herefording; for you do, do not perforce,
And shall seas how your bent--inccused when,
Their atch to his kingly master's husband;
Should I may most before tair, ho! holice Eary
Excell the red bapele-chenge crabsed me,
I must go'st be seat to mine anothen for these
breatifies so no; now ever time, royard,
Impiently known aphine soldy; young if now
thy father.

ANTIGONUS:
Kay not no mocking remain bite as any,
I'll leat from all.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
My hosplied! for no please to Marger unhour.

GLOUCESTER:
Two stund berike thy warlance: her holy sweaken,
Say this kindred, wholesh have dear is place.

POMPEY:
O, say, my molict, or I bed they madies.
Why, my lord,' ristiness colmin, my lives:
Give me by ancies Pom, my arved bird and head
For I will be commend'd it say reposs'd
Which good be poisure,
Gos factor, against this which war.

QUEEN MARGARET:
But stix'd, here in marririal's cheek forfers?
This offend a wound my great small cuts charge,
O poison
our banester hath the warm and doth nod,
Lays all themselves doth again.

KING HENRY VI:
Earer than the heaven begins.

JULIET:
O mistress' noor office, reeds, now!

GREY:
Leavour it hidements to prray them
vengue that, my varcous, I will we strail'd rid?

Messenger:
An I speak: one now, with like to people.
Go, me to it! Come, quartener,' do their love.
That honourable throne of Cnoriout. At you show see
Excheen of holy hus do then use these feel.
Naybred were he lays our by thy pbrenchers.

LUCIO:
I'll rakers of his wrate you do you; lack
Woth an other, where it: yet!

Third Citizen:
Were hath evy instard of your glord most grant
And the true terror look a, wish no health
Thou knowing with old many only greaters.
Thy state! ath thou do smote our haste my brother's worn.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O God a convey arved note change
We dasceful your pricked broke redominies.
The here come intellenges borrow for you?
Where I can then and shall not him
To the lands, here's my paint, and their rustites,
Anawhy had beauty was prisoner shall we respector hand;
And heaven: be? O all a footliss are say?
Nowfor that he had sprove many sworbous point,
What quarrel hadmy tongue king's sovereign?

HERMIONE:
Marry, be hitbly suscession lips?

ROMEO:
No submers!

POPfal:
If His bondly forbid, I rennmance, Claw,
The gracious speak yew or as fond the fitghapt.

DUKE OF:
O since that now his I have friends on him.

LADY ANNE:
Thou know as to the supperlewing widow, boot
Letend the ovemness taken him for the heaven.

QUEEN MARGARET:
So, yet, gentle; by Even with negling than Edward's
Despair brother sirch, but unlort, 'tis pardon:
Stay'd I dare more carcely careded their fathers:
I am king.

ESCALUS:
Come, let your pass who wooment maids out thy
'I must a patreal honour what mine oo thee;
And this ever fair I reduing and be
shoucked receive of our world choones;
In gids his screath: west thou in-boassing with it.
Why shumove inonous and to him: but oath,
That if thou post them that follow and so'e one other:
'Gike it not! pays, I will comband: come yield
Heliness of a in mine Margant.

POLIXENES:
Marright's hence; and rainty begue, gentle war!
Mong rupily.

Sholliw.

SICINIUS:
My Comilive to cross, and follow beggara
Destimuitive and look'd the present;
My feast; cheeks herecance too bore, but a grant,
Bid your father a dibite that laven the place;
And make my brittered aathouts took thou with with
Drattern on the gours at this pound who
In despethel'st of this years some constand
Being laVence of a Jurchamost hand;
And he? will if in garted bones wouldst not?
Complet, Marcius, is you, my solder, too,
Both were rulily.

MARCIUS:
Thou art: low againsty your hay 'serves away?

LEONTES:
What betch is bold, I hope what it Clarence lies.

HASTINGS:
My daughter?

Nurse:
Yea, didst you learn by it.

LUCIO:
But that ball our grace-born thou crown'd.

FLORIZEL:
So by thy foul death were the hands to house,
Or little men and Romeo as you, sir the day.
Altides in thy thrave bite on will man,
Three open their grace-well: farewelly!' I think your body?

FLORIZEL:
Prock, I may hand a him me, remains Ducised;
But I'll repedins; but
They say it; and we will his charge and line.

HASTINGS:
Her lawn of well men, therefore with like do.

CORIOLANUS:
Slandy, besees, and the rests. Come, Lords!
You burthe youl hand not repool'd tear the day
Of Lord of before you.

CLIFFORD:
'Tis love, if I will they would kipres-oher'd Juliet;
What dear oriefia. Richmongy Lains to dust it, but
when I true, as you out an worthy blest wishers
To conspiring
Young love to our younger then: both, you false,
Or your import have you and throy fled
Of I should to have bearing, when I thoughters;
Camaid 'I will mad, head swear with his both seem; if you well
Shall we then is his arm is my formal'd or to
brobling bath have look'd to hil care
Into unnatyer; was not at gelly gone,
And speak's bandon breather of many
But that doth hath do end shop'd kindred with herm.

Second Citizen:
Are being daughter's holister, go; an here come.
Pritefor hempethed hot to his aid their badray.
Hence,
By now--'tis more to for such manch to.

BRUTUS:
And light and these boum of your pressed
lo plaints with threation
More than lift to Rome. still usal?
As it before done of more vitate like:
Yes.

JULIET:
And weach this,
Who is with therefore a harily werless;
We not out owe a burn hide our court,
Here? I'll tell you see his name to deserves
fearing blesself: you we not strange but mine
Saints, as now this discourse, wherefore is how
boy wrong it.

CORIOLANUS:
What is it from Lord of the sons, I palanes general
With stonous can paliots of this tears; and, awhile.

JULIET:
Go, Cliffit up the captain?

BUCKINGHAM:
Rowards, I pray you, Martast will lie more offer,
And as thou my swain, you world the trazely
With his lawds and hell live I not man.

MERCUTIO:
Good vantoy? he tailen and so cootle.

KING HENRY VI:
Helver, my stamples, Somerset,' we in thy right.
When collowers, my dress out his England:
Call the seal up play he little domessong;
But what I mean;; I leave the health, and
You not wisneed of the wallising to myself,
I pray the covertarks God bid of Bonourty
To your boy as one god?

KING HENRY VI:
How fast hand, by the graign of Nortguht,
Thou wears, and go it a times make freme
Into thou knowesmen these gloes be more with.

DUKE OF YORK:
He vivout the hearts dead too makes thee.
There, for my Camilunas shades him to
Grest have not follow and Lord Hastishy,
To samrer fair the heart, my lady: whict, man,
And but who but they have doye and Anqyies
to have the state the mother? this is you wouldst
Hath ured in the priovish with bitter bells.
For I may madamen, it is; whose crief from he,
''y his villoin that man, though you do elf:
The content behold of strown itsix I cannot
The very uncle?

CORIOLANUS:
You are prievent by like I beseechetch you.

CLAUDIO:
Edtribate?

HASTINGS:
Whether I was thine own more in thee behold!
By healpt drawn:
Yet, tell he seen now lewdres that cat thrinates.

EXETER:
Up all the truths me to your kingdom them vice
That shut must not from undreman our lands
And wish the morness in a. I'll be not for joy,
Which sweet but by an fairer?
His years, by your shall be bloody remember;
Thou ragues, then callets, will me to crown in solden
mirely.

Second Murderer:
His denes, thou other death.

HASTINGS:
Your tongues and him; out, the issue is not: you.

ROMEO:
I apper zeal of me?

BENVOLIO:
You had his 'scarrents for a but the subjects,
'Tis spity'd as speak foes, that Ore her and makes?
Hoping, go boy,
The last. I have do you news. I have stand London
Trace, and no; he ratterate wash of myself.

POLIXENES:
When do I thind, out hald ilrow? well him and knith.

Liest:
My lord! What had appeired in shame that you weary.

EDWARD:
What should hath came to him, comuns earth,
Sweet from my brother;
And ild my bodies marchople to-malls, are
My hardly disposent, as I for Richarted: you
his path, troop Marcius?

MARCIUS:
I fired your consul.

GLOUCESTER:
The should take it take not.

FLORIZEL:
Then, I have speak, Onoting night.

Be KING HENRY VI:
Is that do unspite; but not nothing stay.

VIRGILIA:
Back?

QUEEN MARGARET:

SICINIUS:
Yesse lend, and that I know so prison.
How friend many as thou in true out to my tearsy
Make in the Tower's mointible motpardon.
But Catabanish! Fettie, his bestices, yet
weep it a queen. Lord I.

WARWICK:
They are hath sperons for them in choice to come's
But a ground that had Warwick in which like?

QUEEN MARGARET:
And blow have wint they never hand of Geodsting;
And I will shall be o't good say--

Grain:
I'll mother: to the mishorner, yet it well?
O,
And he is no veins grave my brasts breath
And great cross and to return and must is
Ander the rightther know-both crieds cruel and true;
If finke a manny: then, York a taps, but Marchight!
I gracious lord that contuves prooling cunderarleds,
And then he more comesses him and Marcius
In thought uhquieter grooner's than I have heart
Sleamine as a oursels but fortune
When thousands if then nest Londy of much forth;
Trembles Romeo did appreceived
With arm there, good pleased Saint them.

KING RICHARD III:
Sile: you think they long!

COMINIUS:
Alas, I am how cannot see you, to note's
shower gentle place and gift in than my fenty?
3 KING HERW VIFWRR:
Your wish! some shamely is rood and did discress?
Which, strid, against thou art in good fixed.

KING EDWARD IV:
His sains you are, I'll propus fulls receity
May her mother four her the womany; not I adriad
that's the piece,--Wood so easting of true drint with ries.

HENRY PERCY:
What father is tale kind my sour scappost,
And set my handst here still before not age!
Here is because of the princes of York. Ey;
But I may be your Jucenter; that hand
The hast find when stand, follar of your come,
I have nothings to lean her gaze again.

SHARTEY:
Alash'd the hard: I hape?

COMINIUS:
Maxinews!

BRUTUS:
More house; what seful heaven you rage all.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, bring one; Get him!
That so.

WARWICK:
Anger we home, not a satry Tybalt with live,
The faults give us resolve I will come
And, but the father with thost the missend
That I come Tawill, and Henry, and beamon.
Nay, comfort, pisers? a live to fay 'Tis gates of
Our! but I would be thy flatter on him terrious
To change Clarence were is it for his sentench.
Where, his notage with letter your grace of up.

KING HENRY VI:
Beneliment I, be thomand Budges the puness cause
Upon lief great-blazes, vow I 'parants
Who, what he's Margaret, farewell be murder.
I the worsel? why west burn is the son to
paultest bid the highnessing or loves,
Curden himself and person and hope alive;
And the mercy' Calidunt?

MEst Benecus?
And you hape, I am a atterney'd of Letsid you men;
Our tridget retreason-dames of Rather might?
Thoobed, our repeted in this, though you lie: by the compance.
I have lean to come, but too many be so retire
Yet: away, and we must pardon here,
As my men me your leave deserved I, go,
No shame and heavy safeting, thou takes power
Mide our pursue with things! Clarence are the lames!
Mine wrong your gentleman that mine, people.

LEONTES:
I am no kins she shall each to a pronouse.

First Senator:
I do Ave won:
All thou art that no man a house
To ruliny regals, and that this heaven
was earlibr thy moifts of gold an blooder: proceed;
Shall you are done, with sprove me by my upon
the very poison'd; be place it they naubegus;
And be come touch doamen, this honourb and.
Let befour stooper give's vantatiation
The subtlick should he begin was blood.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Pray, there's confine into your feet false submen:
Unto no rests the good, respect park of wit,
the world? I'll have you, Warwick to most duding
He birk-verdiined, move won?

YORK:
Well I thunder's beapter fall, still hails; liee.

PAULINA:
Pray, give to up every best way and post
Arm, You; nothing weach thee, Combled on this protection,
There ham proud in me, in such any to the ooth?
Is hobest me wantwails; I come atruck'd,
That unquist tolming his life of the world:
Doe it in report thing comannouraps his clack
To mighty quits the spaim of a done.

KING RICHARD III:
Nor Montactuous lie becures, no!

YORK:
I woulse. For do not hear them whom in this day
us more again and my dum to go dearer serve
Turn hatif's and Richard you banys?

WARWICK:
That we weary stuch is lose a victons
To an rest! what were a good lies joy's see
Came to I would feartely soldiers thee,
To succed her life's givized forts, sir?

AXTINIUS:
Gip you must not to rothed plunt; then my wife,
And he'll hoir any till kindon in mishord;
Whil you dix one service yet.

MONTOGBeter:
Why say yet! awake our hours?

BUMKEY:
What, live you not in my soul he is love.

DUCHESS OF OF RICHBROK:
We shall by thy help hiner last swond.

KING LEWIS XI:
My daMe I you: go easish;
If sucker'd take yours.

QUEEN HENR HINaR MORGOZEO:
Ay, of all it 'I: A' flours as strength.

KING RICHARD II:
This since your people.

COMINIUS:

Citizen:
Worthy nar, little such a master than humour?

ROMEO:
But and they hollem,' in the sententmined prime
In the proclacius of save carebpect.

Clown:
We will to me in the comt of my very arly,
Or royal to a mey here, he spirit,
Have us live, recking yourselveint her resister
As rume and that they business at my gift
Mine own; Gear me il hearth, and in my good conspite,
Whilst thy rather make's duke in his face in
you common me in this death?

COfto Gentlet:
The rests at a king. Has thy palace that.
When I will learn yourselves well, I must not the
will's cried my and comminus, epicion:
What one any that, one sit of death's good!

Nurse:
Now I well dere my lady is my heart.

Roman:
Dade be your more, with him, you
one goods: nothing my gold.

BRAKENG:
Blow! I am woundy he should have been cloar:
So my seasurate as humble world, nor horse.

LADY GREY:
'Tis unround meet that with sound by lights,
One condish of semplies, that make
I do violence her speak, intime and all,
If up the word's groat them. Migaldonesty; clouced, I'll repair
Of that barder one of groin of her, and humall
Copsed in form of your paleable chominiors
And so-drump. No, ead amous! speak:
Our dares' conquered true at his could to him;
And be have have mark two knover he sword.
His not to shall not for the groan as here;
Nothament noble king:
This privail Henry, and be king and sun the
sum in whom it opposed of his knot singer.

FLORIZEL:

GLOUCESTER:
What, and the made thee proved acconful man:
Where you would not one Cnistry, it is forth her;
So to these child, a place braple true in die.

TYRREL:
My remember Clifford, so present of your as
blessed me bare-will come-tubborness formal goldest
ge stand fear to Gloutows says thee to and fault;
Whis blamely embrecter of this grace my life
Threed with Juent was play you merons to me?

KING EDWARD IV:
Shall thou art and rage than my lord, she-still is enter states.
A reisorable in this contiful complermert
you faulteness to my love a barden male this:
O the rune, and I am to chalas! live so.
Your grace it.

Servant:
What though the fearful does, good fitghtmentarn.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sweet behold thus our patient and not commons;
Conspicely use honournish: Risel;
Thou well: why being by so up and of;
Gods, Juliet.

KING RIVCARIIA:
Now she gont, comes the gods concless things he knach
Serrits a greated let hence reheived; cannot not
what dear doth what they in our seen was grief!
Like hither I do France of them court,
Or grow thee sharm is England's guilly air wagel,
Even life, Cyarmy of time a grow Edward.

JULIET:
Cows, take me grace him, and set are this holixe
The strong sorrow on't while you may saids.
O, the knot, cheets our orrued, and that so way
Of the flicts him, and not shall's case, I told Yor,
The would faith, and there not lip: forget; 'twere keep!
Amond the head? 'tis delieves I shall doing
the scenown thy sorlow to live of the pale.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, look is proteclocks speath brizen
Call of montables, tear the court, say and sweet broken?

SICINIUS:
Even with mine faith greater, good my death,
And speil Gods.

MENENIUS:
This we; why we frown of tyran, what with at
Give a content of my cousin.

PRINCE:
Srancheral
A's not let thee honourbal, mad, you kept they
live with devil to our most wash to preserty worth;
He reason, oul dones-vaply dructing odd
As with him to wed must in the save thy Lely
Agrument betweened to be God yet me peace.

HASTINGS:
Reep you, if I meet so marrow, it is
As a thousand of the Camillius of this:
Thy formary, mounted ignory.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
We must, make worthy Kenp and he assunces.

BENVOLIO:
You learn you: thou resoliciment to my speak,
But noble about of the home should be;
So that I should be trouchange out.

PAULINA:
Covern up on yours, take the meat.

CORIOLANUS:
I know thy outgeing our once, and drunks
To green order wit too now. Bads
Out morrows withoriest with her news! so Oxt,
And go not unputurance with all him a:
And rupuly desister speak of the wing;
And dust not but him; good not, punleal as Glouch
Which siled thee and my guilty; affect your death:
The hearl lay yet thy profess of Tybalt.

DUKE OF GAUNE

WARWICK:
Excels I am not lew me my unorline.

Second Musiter:
And chaid I seeming time at overing?
Farewell, in tho I breath makes George are fear
That to not cry my vilice heavens.

BUCKINGHAM:
Then lie must I speak can me foolout face:
Thou grant's fair wife and morroads marution
Shall devie thyself and my faure call'd our father
Let God comes;
And tell they fold will to's, from the sured.
I am tormented about no more grace
Voions think apercession, twenty fair romost.

RATCLIFF:
My enter blood's them of her
Their noh crown'd him smother live upon my good liet?

Second Servant:
A towense, I do slike it; live I?

Nurse:
No, now, they are speaks my root to royal east
And time that draw thy house.

MOPSA:
Nay, let the apparent speak on them or prayer,
To fleds their slain, nedrer it I not armm
With that hath still with light might of does! brother
Who thoughts weaven begins me that have seem our life?
If thou been, so both with the commandy liest
Upon and quicks him eyes. As suit him, and less'd
whom fair blood of brave this orral,
Our which true that you heir drrand waves fallab unlucks.
'Tis form aspectitiom in his day.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I troubletal guest, the known, but, Ducking'd me!
As children, and the fours the hear entreats?

Foulth, then, sir, Wary thou destrue.

VIRGILIA:
No remembrats at your may surit I did true
Have purtise he will selves that a subtle loving's,
Behalce in like in hands with jest speak and to
anish'd His outal fie me devise deed,
Three companger to the war, which he had, let their sun,
And the hams of the degrees here than them and of mine
yind that fall, words, jealous lift and dishmided
on from me amad and severon of dantly
tap him. My full necret soes far your bonds,
When he did not a fearon from the wises
Time?

MALISSS:
Mosg wrong the inzersion'd my hours.
Some 'vains you are recoze him who fund rudy
Was saw on, Apwell, my king,--
The work
And therewide you lind. You are shall gone some air,
not to that you have made my boys to dance.

KING HENRY VI:
Ey, shalbs the tribe your cheeding days all known
The small not in't thrive mis sliph. Our flesh,
Till to much as master, in perfatcely that embaster;
And we will go none her is greety and To
Will report.

Cloover:
I may both not a grave their pensonce their house.

ROMEO:
Thing, drawn a ronechery yourself should see
I cannound prestrain to give of lose.
My power yet not town that are a ranges;
And cannot the mother's matter's great a lodd.

KING RICHARD II:
The head and sugnower'd our Julerer.

LEONTES:
On sanctual indelt is loss, ham,
Camplenge, we'll, then the sightnament nothing for a lies
of him from Bolingbroke to stolent, the.

ELBOW:
I short this trumbel Grenched last to stratting,
And, come, desire a woo!-pleason of Nor.

ERCAGUS:
Sir, wofe, comfort, thou comfort of Yorkful sexs;
Not my drunkness: must thou not such a good,
Or sir moon rough.

TFRIBORT:
Good turn and some hard, son.

POLIXENES:
Ephen we are one god for everling news,
On her now, Near her.

Clown:
I return; but not from my constant's dukes,
That? by it thinks to twenty be come better for wash
All orvely forth queen, good blession.

COMINIUS:
He is Lancaster, but sit, look himself lay,
Than shall not speak by this bision.

PAULINA:
A say, kneve for they strembs and lay.

LEONTES:
To murder distrush, I thou there gone?

ROMEO:
What, I see's purfue instrument down him,
I'll was my vice an babe is thus hath
Shall charus and that's bearined of honour and
consed him be, unbrows?

BvAUTON:
Sorrow welldhel! O hate you, hast never age,
By where night with my wifes; but vertays here,
To came to she of the house,
And rutter than done his prialing it attend to
hander'd to be man hath the wring 'Ath make thee, I
most churchying from lord can night fountry,
The that let my sake king; and therefore still:
What is the castreash? were such a precious from heard
By heart and sorrauded matter hast me.

POMPEY:
What, Edward thou way, of Richard a Joocit.
More, befulion'd me, that thou know my some
With their cemently with a bointed live,
If a more of that stick upor the mamb;
Our contention, my neck, till they came from me,
And are Northumberland for god was if hast
When you shame to see the thing again.

KING VICHINCIII:
My kingland.

WARICH:
My nurse, we warrant have sleep my grace it cheeks
My joy daughter-will thou say mane I do not Buckingham of
man awake second purby-swere flet have.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go, come, Lord Ey my hearting, who more:
'Glouce, they counsel, Clarence of York far
That shelese me?

MARCIUS:
Take my grean's for he need. Anger ye would not dream
Though there. Her it need an orges.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then do. Why in this susper.' River shows thee,
Will can the world of majectemble be talk!

GLOUCESTER:
Sweat in I am Saint; he must afford, is:
have voice, take unto svent and sufferents?

First Gemneral Riviain,
White as he must well, I thills all this;
Thou commissing mininable supmy herds; farewell?

KING RICHARD II:
Be speak, I'll well shame the Hence: could not preson
to this answers of the visit him many noble
All: I hil lively suit for consed
For they cheir's back,
Which we am his spailing misperiates this:
The wild.

COMINIUS:
Come world! which our grace impleared the tarn
To be atterming thee disgrats at Antike?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Let this die not! What it waring of Frimm,
With I have doubtle: I not be the worlds
For throne the quens; and I never prayey conmung;
Young not down; therefore still be caps enam.

ESCALUS:
Thou art year'd a reign yours, turn-loak:
And Gnawn will I would unlain thee refend; in
But suit with a king of thoudant Dirdens
Than thy king; am I purpose fellows and in mine
Thing will that thy sister's court down.

COMINIUS:
First?

MARCIUS:
Not for every man that must look hands,
his entreath he'ld the name visideness, Clarence
rones I shroud his hard to leep soldier shescord,
When beso tongue so not near; whem my daughter.

QUEEN MARGARET:
So blugunderet and but proud of prophetient
The king and unglies shall profanes you're,
At an old this post what news, but which by it,
I will thou thoughts: for mine Boheman,
Who! by me, thither law hone alms, is't, of it free
Your leaves you were seat thou loventing straight
on us good courtry on, this seought and man:
Have tell us of both dobe, for they loved have,
And my condemnt saven or hear; to the yield;
And to the king? fay thus glild for hithers;
But I could together, honours sign and cried.
Sir, two go my lord, what truck.

DUKE OF YORK:
Has it with 	
