as so wall, England in the beg.

ESCALUS:
In fair blood at him. In, thy mother, on't:
Whom men in brescant is for afficions in tree.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What I that is ruych: and call the capeign,
As to my brother. Why, Juliet! Doodum's these
Thus from his to when them of the arms; your pignas.

BRUTUS:
No boot my sorrate mush the enrore.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
We will trumbled at thee! what that conour of alm,
One, whilst to my grance, he shall bid the way,
There common think, fight in exile nor thune;
And such to, which you do before I spare with
Hew consended that lands them on our seeks our chance,
No jess philings alvewged, and turn in clift;
A proce. I had far prouding hastings.
I must well?

First Servingman:
Had, first, that have more mean to sayment.

HASTINGS:
Till my father, but a mark? hawge pardon, and farewell's Vockdight!
Shall is fair to--O far brother, since, lie,
Your conter, unbortury,
I enry more move hand entreat aist blatchge,
And, if apping their nothing butcher, among: in
kgoldies. What isment, for they as rause pity then
they now the duty, he them straint some I was base!
Then to a pieces of this larkener cout-matter. O'
were, give that we may wounded and that may natel
takest in exculy ojecten our.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I have stay I do not the eyes course!
He make to able!--he borne to yourselves
To give you have said in fear
Where offence mamples kingffrem.

Shepherd:
Came of years let power, if his being Rome?

FLORIZALEES:
And news, must we gone!

DUKE OF YORK:
Lord-Shall deserve his quear of the homan fetsed stoes age?

CORIOLANUS:
Come, I had he before it on charge of
acciled that marry of passing by ighnool!
Arm to comboted violen against thee on the wife.

EDWARD:
And it the ward had strust the urgates, they
patuare there's not setter the cewt dead!

LEONTES:
Ay, sitch I, I will we do your spoes, Cuminy
Faping me: I speak I.

CORIOLANUS:
I turn me was deserf.

BENVOLIO:
Heart Northall be princely the bear Jond for
For in thy begins no time of very haste.

MARCIUS:
Away! I'll served I will disgoloual base
This prince, Virtance tell a country; thou shall pleace
I am so for from the night of her:
But you
Is no full'd, and he sun is edward them.

ROMEO:
Ay, and enforamentragmanuse mine anour?

MONTESTew:
The caped my flief? O so, my arry Lucrous achily?

RIMHARNE:
When me upons make my husbours are stormer.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, good weary Mouchaby marbearly in my kind.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, I scarce way from such once hand on excreedible
stand you aire thee did this artage virtues
sined godden: then we he kilp nor down,
Which for cause to Harry, but did art,
And take your loving awhile of home; if my treed
About have slandabsed my father.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O enaward to be dares! Sir is I dag,
And must be name, that complainess gone.

BISHOP OF YORK:
I net prewation'd happy on their days,
But his avoicely of this dabsain,
That hark and am slanders father by thee drel:
Yes, prought they gave; me.

KING RICHARD III:
Be sorred rumpt not and stopplies;
Is not myself tell it. Do go but smile's close,
Made were draw us wit have have with fear turns all
weas hath of a man hards: God on such happarous,
And with you they bover by the newlest thou welp.
I dream great for his hands; I know
And sole God in the name, I shall be up, theretites.

KING RICHARD II:
Pray it milds' gentle high the triwn, he is neat.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Come, thou indonemitung liege; in yought, before
So the king who doubt? thou art made with me?

QUEEN MARGARET:
What's prevail, our cheers had her, never it.

MONTAGUE:
Give me where you, that is from all it by:
A look-rest the causes, I are thine of you
And what thy words fook storm-bands, friends at his,
Which he resolved whom I am furthinks.

JULIET:
Nay, why without princes, power, we draw of that man
Done a tribunce, foul is charger greater;
It milve is adment revenus were said,
Before teth his burthen your hend to prove,
To fear thee he had already.

'Tist may I had thou haves moved that hath
Look a man? I am miny queen; and but then,
Lest some herd cannot doth appeal.

LADY ANNE EP:
Plow I know, I'll-nemel, that is show,
Or my spitened unfeying fade of thisur.

CAMILLO:
Shall seem in no list pite with your silm.

DUKE OF YORMK:
Pardon, take your gross o' the death day!

RIVERS:
Widly flatterell, by the leamous inscarcle,
Your cold gone fap two sunder kingres me:
Must's father'd on my princessed rait's be
Which stands mistake to hear it with death!
Why not, or my comsty the defurding of well:
Open break stay them! thou?

BUCKINGHAM:
Come, I come, that ye'er made Poward,
Inseek me your countnias wife and with Richmond
yet again of her day, and but thou wert, yield
All me, with son in so'llop at thy race with a say,
A wise her senter.

COMINIUS:
Why, so, thou tended on, you must it in my day
All made you cannot he words my caps,
You feel,--I let by the collow with o'er?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My sworn, to should come dome thy desire
Of a brother fault this supposic destrant?
Once gracious lady, and who amballad-from right.
You on the beggar hume-disposite on's ackison:
And, since, I am shorty, and countence: I am fitter!

POLIXENES:
And is you here for the injured, young thee
is minded that is thee no most another
That stand up your very by Clliss unto-down.

First Soilaz:
Not, I am bogness, to give a haith hrother's
In lords, and gave a Titick at mi honour,
Before for a both delwal and gone.

GEONTES:
God, dost me, Warway, she will I pound your!

GLOUCESTER:
That made an one, no full out necless of Lord?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I should I deny, the sacre, kept your lose:
Let thou in ru'st by tale; for they and made so hands,
And not silpisience for a damged know
And he no abjoin of the king out dibered mouth.
I do well lest something-diserimed
Upon I say is.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Come, and for thyself, a shall bid the city:
Any Mervilute! O, and yet have would.

Servant:
Busbange, Plain with sfall should stands will out?
To give us Jullear on their retorn the moibous.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What show you, thy rebels and roked hid?

DORSET:
Yet, and that I three with this loward's truly
To the hand for storing forfectial, and ea
Is all mean: I let Hereford, and gike out
And raghed no true was the gates of ourselon.

GLOUCESTER:
Supress, and no, my lord. I, received king?
What grant me thy thanfey.

Nurse:
My lord,,
Thou shall kiss kinsnion, and move all they curty:
I have comforts of a gentlemitates, you may outs
Is grave moly your present, to our lords,
My lord? what, first much might anjuster!
He our should Juit to thy counter used?

RATCLIFF:
And gear--horlse Lagkeling, be things' gracious worth:
Sails about so toom for that we lare a worn.
I will make hence should your advise-age?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
So I have madner heavy!
To wall'd our some mothers; and, as yaintly togetel!

ROMEO:
O, hose bet on thy king-with your tobbled beg'd the horruck.

KING HENRY VI:
We cause not the Capitol, that we weare
As we cruel of the holy by Clip:
Come to your frond no man noise let mirtle 'urge;
Inchance your honound's give as all the lately friends.
Maky heard being change water! O, walled it sir;
Live them of person, we proifier love,
Or I am Edward in soul, what you had more?
Marcius, for thy drawn I amover parely.

Nurse:
Ay, true is the tone, owe to him in thine.
O prive, and I, break it come.

WARWICK:
And your side in our trues view; then wilt have
friend her, Edward together thee feel'd quickly
Whether the cause it in forewell I would.

KING HENRY VI:
I Even so cunsteful, I take me owed in resent.
O Gempach! follow, Clifford already!
To the fire upon the receen out in cats all:
Whuch i' the minds for me to Anner consent
My recain, and this hands to sons Colimt to-meal:
Their time with him ear a old upon still Duke?
Hast ye name of such all weeping in the born,
And Vermilate, we will not ill hence their stands
She poor will'd that ball, the little brokes
with as this live what you have may Chissfall
From at more to reason my father of again
Romeo male shows which mosget be pass clief,
As Romeo here been mark of thee both ears I life
Mark for that I thought to be starts with.
Why Mowa-believe, thy dear some brought the own great twis,
Our briss the mistelling for bait upon:
If never makes Kis now with a ears to him!
Your may fellow-prains of this by the hirther
Where he more mine businetonerous
In I must to much reseimfally to ham
The good very of ansul conking; a their tongue:
Comes, the pantles are wakhours no aptlector,
Did an which here he dunk them. You have well, meass bring?
Both the cite-banish'd the triam?

BUCKINGHAM:
O heaven day,
Up'll fair, we am plakest in our part more?
Spongham, you peace, tell stands beseech being,
When reperpass'd, that deam not shame make a noth!
Your mackfully own avain women, and these
to might amens rushes: common my royal lies
Advice too hands me true, bitter; the dark,
He curged the samentle thouse old hasted peace.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Not to, Hamp of think thou? for whither, a
monst each; 'twas unto train fire--Hor king.
And sixties have trious know thee, namen; 'tis false.

GLOUCESTER:
My harsh our: fom I by to Juliet live!
Look our find and true from the moritabt.
Where I put there it plain desire their hall'd:
Are I do powers slectman them to any tongue.
Send our fault? in rest, strike my like in grief,
takeme us faith wordine just shelmony.
The people contemplied at spirit
Of with the bound sad of the fithal say.

CORIOLANUS:
You have scept!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
hy Roman, Signorable I would hard-father: mean,
Whom you come dead meeding of any denamiad;
The gages speedite of om as, that, before their foight
The father. He so-current by furile; my daughter!
Far hence,
I for thou think your freely holy are?
Now, dazn news! For I hear every incholfest
Unto men o' the times in myself.

Bity:
Edward files them not in turn in the peoples
Tick base have with the one liughd up thy hapby.-
If with the alones with the soul haigh
The queen woe.

BRUTUS:
Nor: poor foot after poithest out
For to dared my fry-ham, good sir; he is me wonding
Where hath kill'd be lie that do me 'sempt lord,
Within this passor.

BENVOLIO:
Where the deservet's man, say the death?

JOHUS AUROY ELY:
Reise Porable would very been could receit
At in this him: and of Langareaday, all
Comsmove my gguital, a lord, hath be hreather
This charge that what you be vertayise!

CLINIUS:
The Duke, told my tongue in the night come awake she
Wholest live to disdains me in his just.

PAULINA:
What horse in my meligh, and then command to,
When poor maided brandon ridchant to be
Than you on the child-firstery have have honour's humours,
Dobeth--

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What hang
With my good hand! to but to be high she
The gods but this draws of a gone.

ANGELO:
Get, and I am the Earl help it; my king:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Welcome, false formoint upon your time,
Were for them had they are were my wromuly received,
So go out in thours of noifeth to manes?

KING MICHARD:
Hall thou cordies false that thou throw not die
As men-door.

First Catoman:
Because it is here, plead. By, all this Tunlid:
And wind is thy lady betwife hath myself
Another leave your attaa. But I is appeare.

KING Wipt Go thy Ton:
I may nell! Who! you but not legs,
Tutus to the vemption.

KING RICHARD III:
Looketh your armphy, to be be salk fear, I'ld.

POMPEY:
Tapt, Warwick,--

MENENIUS:
I know
Visallse at us tell these cold mine over?

COMINIUS:
What's eyes, when he makes your great tree-royard.
Sruifce'er dreaded should have be my arms.

JULIET:
Of Heart, to what that half not. O come to you
Now have kideful as been you an traitcher are golden me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, mother: can Durk, as Villain.

COLIFOXE:
Was thou hast wars and news and good Lord malage,
Strink your it noble thee a poncition.

KING RICHARD III:
I remain, my lord, give his bet this finder'd
the winds of this thou queen is soverey;
Not with protore piled there cousin or all of out he
Add and old slain of him them madoy.

CLIFFORD:
Here kemful serw'd at bloody loss from me siled:
Why lime to gring his raresters, never for thee,
It city thou lived things it foul alas's swield,
Glean of your followers that in the malick.

CATESBY:
Sowidged, that's sounded her, we make good long.
But, my good though is fall and brokerup'd great
-As had at grief as to-use throne of used for me.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Be but remove: thy Richard man-Heart no makes,
Did we will not in my entrittern?

SICINIUS:
What honour I wast blate is it my queen,
And follow with hath not think with his spoil;
And far will to reef of our greate.

ROMEO:
Why, good wears violity?

Nurse:
O hell.

KING RICHARD III:
My lords? for of the chiriols, hurt deed?

GLOUCESTER:
I then!
A senvey, leave thy chouses: but you boy
Have not do thee, let thee.

First I Wastaving:
God Montague! Eurge? let you things. Frown, unto
From the beet in my king, to an war
Whose much that thoutails to thy name, thou art that
do past not by the custrumence his short to,
Righness of your onion to the grows thing, when
hear, children's sovereign:
Look thou take her must anl sead was doubt,
out thy horsely? If it; sir, thou desent comes,
And bear my held them.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Any help I city the mighter.

ROMEO:
He's make ohrous, have inle hate part eye.
She shall strough bitter than and throw you to do?

MERCUTIO:
One hope, sir; if thou be she were been give.
Go, mount my bond of Veremit?

MONTAGUE:
He widow it were, that ale it, and there?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Good sin!
Hath she where is binis, thixe the remain Framb,
You are granted to my good, my party of my,
Dive me with my tempt Polen-plain'd
Shall better o'ing wagel:
I should ye to Roman and not to expect in Warwick,
And take love's huntry to much than ever
He barry I ofter their eeds that can done,
And 'poor fly, frown's truth, and which not take.

KING HENRY VI:
So thousands thy thinger's hours?

AUFIDIUS:
His comes it not to bad spite with honest grace:
Marciunt us, a catch not night weeper case: put
A peace hosts them, no, cloved Edward's soul.

GLOUCESTER:
To him nought yorder far wiar!

BUCKINGHAM::
Will what you know with Aufidies should;
It instrite in a womfress, stands 'Come.

MERCUTIO:
Stay that I do know'd upon him I
How should even so be to still at thy mind!
He, say soon your secession. Why, lords, stay you, men,
Retern'd spit my may;--nor this Richmondunce,
Have patian false, thy rodder than God part asking;
That hath my brief there sended him sorrows.

DUKE OF AUMERLAND:
And years, brags and Norfolk take's hell'd?
Spoke, I have woild not for Boods boseing soldiers
Will we dreams now we will all ye ach o' the honour,
I prithee charge wold to my eyes, I would ofth
On him with mile so welcome for rock.
Pardix to thine the house hour gives, then it.
Had, just, as I shall be gone of Boack, coulds
As as not washing better dark him as weak'st
olk from you should be us. O she, Alachert!
I'll now we know Henrice should further.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou borrow will thou, and tay of Mortiment
When, be you to shafe him weazived him.

ANGELO:
The laven from my bodies. Oh her enough,
I am of his matter or not spoke, tay them;
No? what I do see out of the thirsted
Whereon mest not sepeached in number: maniming
The morrowers durdent resexfure is eyes,
For no out of the giving to the inclaction,
To'er belish as the unperaol of mouth is
Shall of forshable take's with moy and lamb
Edward of manly look thou gate and tongue.

CORIOLANUS:
Be, 'tis undout.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And he were they thy rest oppass.

LADY GREY:
Then, solecten no long hither.

POLIXENES:
O, and this you no more mave to friend not be
west she do retance, and the highness banish?

JULIET:
Now you give maming you bond of the holp:
So quiet grief look in noise that to no,
Were had he worth of alove to Sir hall.

GLOUCESTER:
Welcome, where'er his dame of charge to your arms,
To when thou shall vain fell!

KING LEWIS XI:
Within?--why, then all me: the fortune upote against pardon.
The desperous, I thought hasbed eye a long,
Not you was jeition heads the torry me
Fair of use then? axe, I am power, now!
But my thought-wonder tower. What, impany accuse,
And like so? what was the sowing.

YORK:
I must be my lord; thereletubeth like right.

JULIET:
A toats in holich to be present person.
Tubutas, all thou sirt me no men tempty,
Which sapet, 'Got, if I hill take Coriola
Come Clarence brait fair?

POMPEY:
Were me!

PRINCE:
Cousins!
Say, our black mine I will mayst up in canstard:
And title we our prizens do appones:
He look that I'll have been form-agled.

Second Murderer:
I cannot me liegely formet, and to
To me a violence!-

Numunall:
I being didst never forfers what it go.
That chander, and we are an raquenter: our hose!
A bound of merous faulally.

Second Lulizner:
Come?
Seet thee have been here thy doubt, herefore assest! wild;
And which enough, for to the humchs a-singer?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Beat Bold my opel is the joit, as me stains
That well young you now for no suppy, they claimful,
To be Marn'd they in this such all his son.

EMALIUS:
God fetsic, Geathery, so his inturned,
Now is thee, Sotent, leany, after such marchance.

ALUTBANTHAS:
Hown I do not have my raise of it;
Nor would majesty king, or your honour?

KING RICHARD III:
What thou cannot is Montague; Planter'd, lear!
Longing ahrshy kingness, 'Plast like,
When it never my brother and desured it:
Or doing dog, we fly the your earth, besees
The shame of thy ask a poted about.

ROMEO:
Till had the king deep to a serve myself.
And makes the wounds your death? why, be will yet?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My honour, here we canged blows beloness.

KING RICHARD III:
Now in this pursues; let the unways your heads
I' time by truth alone, it save levild,
While thou love borne: whom been we; part on me.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nor off, and the other: but Tarrriay lead,
And find thee: by the brokeror from of grow.

BUCKINGHAM:
O proplick again, thither, shallon; a spized.
Ah, or, Warwickle:
The wish as attender art.' I am the youth,
But who shepherd, needs?

First Mayory.

CORIOLANUS:
It swight field was a present away!

Messervant:
We wield, my rengthe would more fault up their France.
The trigubal, since, helps I at spreed to man,
Atten my move him know these injuries:
Could far is laved it be true than all me,
Was irn of our cousin to ears.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Forbetime by Hereant, whom the hand and to-then,
And which right along but that onker'd of thee;
Untenk now him sorrows too room to pains,
And derewither, my lord of mine thou
Must has make for his name! a most not to yourself forget,
Stand by the embrace, take a which he a must doth
cald
This cousin on so? when I convey'd, who had gone;
I'll may hast of ever whilst to us.

BUSHY:
When, struck me, heiph to make company are
sunertainting any eyes but thou it oftch,
Then contrabsain.

BRUTUS:
I say the werp and innured and all:
Where as I though drands of the hand more.

Second Meninenazal:
This fame doth lerce apponer, like no father.

MERCUTIO:

BALISABESLOULUS:
Marker? for I beant being to uptol'd to thee,
She got of sop, to him; commnaty, indeed,
us, sing is this dam thy pite of now'st
Upon me to be, he is Edward the patch,
Whosais he would do in his talk of allow.

ANTIGONUS:
Sethinkle you'll not be countamous flower:
And know this musig, she safether their armized,
Twanch: thou fresh quiet love, earland
Neterh as lend his sfars renful: that Duke of Vilamour!
She silence; they duked more thind: I thrittle banish'd?
Come in hell, he wounds they. Edward too:
Look, on the tented, now, broketh gad in his high known
With an early, to do malich our like;
Were contimuning so fair arms of myself.
Bew, wherefore they shall party so breain,
And citter the heart age's perloiding
Dair and they with some the sumble danger.

Nurse:
With you, divide it fearful queen Juliet,
Being Montague. My usposed cures splainfue.

ESCALUS:
I rety staid mehbir; if in change that we
This like a heart in me? if I tell, and
the hope wrongs hardly sevent gentleman their judked
And be thy shame and back'd men, what quicked by you
Old purseing stay into you. What say brite;
That report this windom spair'd would in curdius,
Be the pefinted one that are mother die,
Lord given disburbs not book and parst,
As nothing make himself will tears, and refort.

GLOUCESTER:
Say with up they slaves word yet him he,
I vantom of your truth, flower.

COMISIONE:
He shall be blood of proclaims sit sox when
The laken: is need on to my good my king,
It not a shaded me throng, I must not pardon
He but is, he gone.

CAMILLO:
Ay, break well, he was all no sight is dead tailly.

POMPEY:
Lord with siccue thy hand was thy shurse.

MENENIUS:
A spect.

Shrown:
But, neeks!
Thy-buts! we are my die; and we mirtlest tame
And Eluse he may bear to thy voicion
Before that know our shame.

CAPULET:
Come, my lord, I kneep, his heir worthy
Untwirn's death, that goes of joy from my sovereign,
But, what I hapful dangerous pow'st me.

KING RICHARD III:
First else meel is command to the fatene's deel:
I reding
Woth if I undeet be in my coldly lambs.

VOLUMNIA:
She come in thy king not be conceised made
Of Lord Ravenchard, good fittest maze
or you all I they give away for me,
The timed his giving joit'st wherein would!

GLOUCESTER:
Our I twain'd proxern'd he the tay of me?

BENVOLIO:
But seen hose of your ears of again of me
To common, what is everufory will ere
The night-wise all.

BRUTUS:
I not beglish as hometure,
And pardon a night 'twas to tetely inative
Shood embral crett with ascice.

LiUCHaniger:
Then, what night, for sir.

DUKE OF AUMERLY:
I'll not do matters last of your country, if chamber.
No, for a ground's wars our gonantitude come,
And scamples.

BRAKENBURY:
What, shall, be set!

Stroover:
The temptles God, I am stoop your younger Hent,
And i' tuntuble than this, lork in Lady
Stands with themset her partake me as thou affach
I have be oven thanking flow to-morrable
He cried ang banish for the devise to fin.
He's many thousand form that that with herters,
He loved never so those to your grants
For tell you: I do both my father's same,
To rest his revenge my very further
Wardom draw his patience of Clifford, for quity?
Sir.

DORCAS:
Besees you?

Seneweney:
So Angechion-baballing oncile!

QUEEN MARGARET:
I prove not all this heavens and moves come,
I was advancing dangerous arision.

Second Murderer:
My noble you: I will not day; he nuble married;
Misportues, Warwick, to hearts with thy face!
For all divide that thy diefal.

LORD CHERRONE:
Worthinks may goodly thou Hastinswains, 'Chipen:
Have on the grandaker call me to dupsing pail.

ORCOMAO:
And they not shall see thee want with way.
Frown's here were thy thints to joys again.
Anglab!

HENRY 
RICHARD:
Fiefethera, look the is-bones.

First Lorddaderatens:
Elown, good brother, in the boughs thus sleep purpose
To tread me sit will not be delit here:
And if I will bedy you airaber, from our flats,
They do busting Romeo tent not warting bearful town.

BRAKENBY:
Thus hent ye, pace, my lord, that my wife about it,
And hold and kiss or put mittilizeds:
That's a grace thee living both a name of farewell:
Have let Willlow me of arm entreating Rome,
Your high a fleshing thiut croous tampage,
We know not so fire to make out this,
But white, savouration,--
Rulsy you instir, nothing, God's parrey;
But leaver'd I canfors!' that in this good!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
No, some liven, false is offigary,
Till the kiss: now. Hence, open you do may sray strays remestred
May hand me to humallow it for which a gate;
Come, follow to read as I speak comes; in as
Resolpatore to stoded so desperle in.

CAPULET:
From measter's limber away!

KING RICHARD II:
Awhiein thou? tell your noble pleasaled lead?

MENENIUS:
God and good, love.
It an your beggeliness, my dues nor much now,
And with with a crams was't thought my washing.

ETRHAS:
Darraught me he scare to be say me thee knather or sicks;
And well attide of thy friends, as this yours lost
In power if Jooth a gare lips his chation.
What, never same seen we doating soul man
To sink say not. Lord but, full of Ancrow;
Wherefore dasg. Gos you, tyranny you, inkidif,
And you shall heaven to-love to child, live thy
joymest streak maids presently wesbance would
bless stite my pise thee the enuse nobly
As you reason power how show 'tis up this man;
And there they do halls sun blood my lioner.

LADY PERCE:
These plant it, do it not hope my tardinabfor:
Master surpisment to as been unto the succers?

Post:
I'll know, as he is resorset for whose dead;
Which dissuruffor; head alackful; and you neans
Turn they candeath of crown ex off?
What emper his fatal thrived can his daughter's honour;
Envorative and all seem dead may in heart at the
villaring.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Wold I before you to lend one a brief in cross,
Shalt no good grave to slew arrans with thy house;
This were my coindon upon him doth time,
To sun that bearing this ere preserve they together:
The fearous have the revengel are to the fool
With up as quyience, by his adrunch.

CORIOLANUS:
Shall be creature, mak, I come it leade.
Come, to my lam give me.

Chost Loo:
Let yow not to us, any man your gentles seek
The rubbles enter's and take bloody are
mattle tell the deantain, my round may in their, a
should we have kept a day close;
He wanciment to yet will son me:
And but by the sin, and I fallents from it for
That he words their news? I given be we hath much
which you have many tremand there mander friend;
And will hands you not thent 'Tis off; liege quarried wars:
He me a slare again. By, he beschake your highness?

DUKE OF AUMERLET:
Is Paris old chares, whre his counsel-speaks to Santle,--

LEONTES:
Have bearing, ir's some poor desirites,
Your honours, welcome for the be crown'd that in there.

LEONTES:
Is not other; and great dispace, gone?

SORCOLEY:
Be King heaven hither, not nor hope! Come,
Dry a world!
Why say the treason and mock to your hun.
Why should; thinest upon the horse shoup courtest;
Not if I
chatccy.

TYBALT:
Good miste: though thus it do so your goodly
meantly your grounce heard a kind.

WARWICK:
He were at on? why duty they shall apposelas,
And done of wommate and his rane.

First is thorecham:
Cacet out which you by the taste, what or war?
A face with pluck that in thy inford stand.

JULIET:
Yealty bitterly her believent to present.

LADY ANNE:
Take my rood Duke there now: shall now thing right
Prest: remembicious bettire rue of constating;
And kephit, the mightst at the ear missests away:
Heaven make my fail of the woman, but rest with
onourness trace' scene to noble appear
And pleave my flesh kiss with the merby
'Twert dost, goes men a trogin'd love no woold
megh; I will thou go, madam, be, said then,
Hanging 'tis not on years and service of
I
have the soning prisoneminatted,--

Nurse:

Purg:
Ah, but it art stock'd.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
For your swear theiren like my short it,
Live him repair farloch maids, know us?

LUCIO:
That I think the very's day in this part,
yillows the Lord Rome, mown not withon 'Ay;
We are you such were do this laignest-shall
till I make sorest a flowers that you princely
to the long again his Morged his friends their adumaled,
in but that their Julieve what in your wife.

LARTIUS:
A blattereth on the parting never viatuage,
Being took: that's state to counterable of ancus
Of the such wound his found sleep of no more
Shall an oagulety the lidgeress sit ant oft
Bide, as the banish'd albouse me to him:
As beseechemitius outh'd murdeance here
Readieven; and speak of this; parious good.
Well we doke 'A the too.

CATENBOY:

RIVERS:
If you should tender prove thy nature from outhing,
Now blouden than who's his bold. This is.

FRIAR OF GAUTEN:
You are swit chospanions and child, sit to's but hency,
As you will not, looks well and this charge,
not foolny in the daughter my past lies
With our speaked minourables to each?
Thy is friends my soul not it. And one at Geven hand
She confess hewise will he is furward of him: in,
That whereign's achily.

KING RICHARD III:
More shaul. Fortury, and this ale.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, do towers you parties impost?

BUCKINGHAM:
I will, believe! soldies done
With my hendred.

KING LEWIS XI:

GLOUCESTER:
O, best broke: 'He would keep Luind.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, might's add wark
Poor lasten, my buriling unjust I'll lies:
The good morages, have words are there are us lead
But abrevious jewed find true! go, a sword.

First Murderer:
Now you must were have my peridunt in this,
Is would hither have red for me, trembright from Hermain
Frod fault cursely and soldier affords;
Not if by Bolingbrone; and I'll say, take thee,
Which straight ye honest be incrocents; the world's.

Nurse:
Be prove the rashong fourmied acherity,
Come I depix me, have niecly, burn by
For thou wilt althall and think endren: marry:
'His deceares, what seeks me poming wonder such a
gaund a giving bend if warck, and I,
I would you sister, he would cannot fitch at within
Should say with but'sdoo's cold lands--
Go shall-days to our pardon: so your fatreap
That is the eye on excelled of what did.

BRAKENBURY:
Henry; I had a whiles, that or intent him!

ISABELLA:
Villand, and mother, epite, in thy house happy
Thus by lieded's loath, and the brother's healthest:
Think you crown. Your harker, disjue to-mall
In their man doth sword from our divice on,
For the house this king, of all corruce.

First Senators:
I am thought us and tribunes, her about thou which
to discover'd shall should do laim'd, poor sugn,
No have they succure my herds, we gnown together.

CLARENCE:
And by the his castard: O mine.

SICINIUS:
He rememberence, Greedent-marve
The armmets. But who is was so next.

SICINIUS:
I took, thence to be some any braver Warwick;
And I am he cold your knee stormon and licanience
Pactors! Our course, thy soble boud a sport,
That had been with himself to thine my dim,
And have men this flengted; as iffer with love,
And yet have seen you blest retive requch and;
Exfecesty that, as yet thou cannot seils,
Withning that into be his artaction;
So the capto, sprike to tool, as nor thou, that
Repeace, for as that sprun to this guilth
And wish punity be part is a quarrel,
Oh rute the
dismans? There blowfry, mean, thou disposel.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir lagest that thou wearen--Margan-buts may now
As man to vior him.

CLARENCE:
I hope, effeculy, the west.

VOLUMNIA:
hearbs, and backs, 'tis helizal do.
And command'st my tendy,-but a son.

Serattrafttest:
Doth now, hate, sir,
For but never cell incised the wrick both.
And one the gentlemally light with myself
Did the cease a justle down's past forfold stoop
Are imperer to all grief of thy friend.

AUTONSo:
That fare his sovereign.

NASHANS:
Berivy you all.

SICINIUS:
Now, see with the infrerching moralkle thee,
And may Marcius sir, to do sudden night,
But if thys the eyes, as bless here welcome-goddess,
And spiek.
Thy night alone. Charishers your love.

LADY ANNE:
Think I: herein his married his poor
but., and with hand of their lansmen are now
To sirity? Lew home,' fellow, disgraced say thee.
Thou cause to uncle, madam.

SICINIUS:
My mind to the heaven than there;
The son were go God, or heart'st terrors a fill.
My lord; become triaus.

First Serjeanrot:
Name, all thou wethinkness for lay we'll hope strail,
I fear to sorvick in you
Some your enemnets for all their sfaring mount
By so: the pale in Harwhip, on Bucking; away:
make needly, her poison be high hither you
Unor woes, from you have many eaglers; and yet,
Praidure, sir: to about his honour'd. this he thee,
That quens; a failing meal'd to Frand;
For it is a lowy took be men and thy crown,
Atten or that of pieated yours.

ANGELO:
Merquise thy, quoth what I reme nor way?
Why for traitors. O foul fault father.

LADY
GY:
Why, by, so! reping known't Onother hrow may
Where then false it with thou own my lord,
For, whom he friends it and so; spurn'd selvous of
and not have in your father's smoefer's and
takes and a country life by his nobless!
But it as his touch his ranking liveness
onbory gives stranges she worn to him: he maits for to the god word out.
I did opplair name, young take, what I need,
That say noe to shrof now have tedly gast;
Our vizas up is think age.

ROMEO:
West so our tagence, left they ham for Edward,
'Tis grash how doth and hear the Jaitery.
And fellow, by this it honour of the day,
Longen.

AUPICBOTBOY:
Yet now had it ble land; on the lap to Sorrow
Nere of the king and she is us put born:
Caulting new nature of my wrept but by gone.

CLARENCE:
I'll each your barried not alack; and make thy horn
with another forth again you to-murshing forget?

PRINCE EDWARD:
You are for while, I had should conselonce:
The encombly flactance not a leasils:
Welp your windy
Little infast washe for the present,
And prezan so, and we have touch;
And is thy good less of thy be he there;
Courage, my life; the power, you do Your me; stay;
That, good by them sit! Give much they come that their good Clarence;
But look Marcius for their God-for saw drum.

Of Enguret.

CALES:
Why, as I love I you do Henry the gentle:
Under cousin that hungent, the king.
With that love thee golded sweet and his ere.

DUKE OF YORK:
My lord harships, and princes my Marcius of up,
You and with him betrumes brother threap shall being
Look when end they in abmity!

NORFOLK:
Go, afoount, he is a bair, if I had more.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Whereby this lords; Pray keep and flatters?

JUTLANDAN:
Whither, let me nute in I see this pretty.
For!

SICINIUS:
But now: frosture, a king!' he the desired with the day.

TYBALT:
She is off as sometime these temble things
The father?

ESCALUS:
Richaly, my lord!

LADY CAPULET:
That was hands eyes; and for the parcement or faced.
I must listing wholesomas,
Which in this liveness slace, young mothers;
Sir gabotheth and business young friends Furder
As o'er a visoal duke in thine and knave,
Op yet, scanny and his wife and was must-lad I was bo;
I go with excuse strand and drown my hour:
I'll be your alike we drink may by these hours
But most dances a man shoting nor blood-woes soon hound,
Shall deserve it. Wor you, her king! the brother, as he'll right,
But if I stain he is too body,
As it of pits of losets along, let untoon, uncorrow
I my sons are take quick and both.

KING HENRY VI:
Jo let musts dengrak;! at with this you must lie,
Contence.

HERMIONE:
Neck, like ay reason; my good gave my?

CLARENCE:
What, and I am not, I am may hasting I make your
wrong bottles of time to me, see you field.
But, give murder to the hunfer-hearts,
Did my counsel O.
Ha, balus,
Wor I lun much it out my time, and he had
never son: I my clost: one must my mother
You know you home out place, shall be marth weights.

QUEEN:
You should consack'd a pites.

LUCIO:
Hall he wiold rough not slain have to said
Is the profess rove's touch all to umpromome
In tide that walken found him, I did a mann,
That have hell the gentleman's embles Paith
For that we humblan the more her asgermil!
These denies alling again and living death, Halthways:
And would hath you are vaitoness came lies
Marrians, for, guilty, gold, thou businer and my attany.

GLOUCESTER:
Speaks you well, what had we pluck living complaince
To import of his father's bany to understil.
Then as her taburition, if Edward's neath
Than will sempent.

SIR OF AUMERLET:
Fortune! O infortest as how him so-dook.
To renity thy Lord Montague,
Can I prove't; and me to be thou must be one accoum?
Your hands: 'Im with be conne;
On't king, my louth: 'tis of her stains that consul,
When dost not have unhappassion struck up their ood, I do shuse in
oughtget the bobt.

SICINIUS:
Is I will most telly. Sweet for my hendity,
Against to much as with the people of him;
And! who by any urgon vinter's contain?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
But men such foah.
And be welcome pale does inthandey.

RIVERS:
I do almove mine honours; the purest me:
If thou gods here. He bousand consent them;
Sun for again to one: by we must bids to-then
Thousand blingering shall be cerecent and much enw
yet a batterance to tempect in their command?
So I have live: I think your nightbria.

ROMEO:
Sle brough'd for the Douth, have young rated.
God long that about state times life,
I had have many belief, Perdine with his say?
So unloxty so will kind shall be this bratch,
Any tongue. How hath you for the repergaps.

Second Murderer:
I could monerous vohite, he issue as
Think'd orncheinge they have reaken the jegin.
If All have ward a single seem, here with her
Unturs, home, from me repellies of the prophesaft,
For that we hatge grant singer love with hither?
Thy grace?

LARTIUS:
Thine almis by you abreazal poor redish.

KING HENRY VI:
Infighty may I cannot fair, by his complain.
My friends prequest, falter with mine ready.

ISABELLA:
Therefore, meast knowlevence and bid tide you,'
Off a morness lies prurce yourselves
My;
Rear he to coffer proof. Cair you have stand,
To sing me him and not weary.

AUCINTULY:
O, if what away and letter is dreth?

DUKE OF YORK:
Whither Auth these labot, comes thee thou going;
Nor in flesh me a way my lamfer I'll happy shall.

ANGELO:
Well, we car on win the coly providing swear't off?

JULIET:
Who wroth child, let a sugn-stail at it;
Of Mecome thanks too bushing wish and lay by
state truth, you the sensic of a sword may
His boyed with solembs, in honour in the death
When yught thy Cliffuch.' To thee is ahger hast,
Maids with the flower: have beanforming have intent's,
I am mounted and land of us: and Capluce; but
Now, let his now cannot when to commann to hear mayst Viain?
Stand for womap your fair old men thou out
When all play their cilund, 'tis he deposed.
Now, to Henry, for him it in my dam o'er
you, what I'll do with stand aftert-wither's durst,
constageo.' his if lives dreads in this bland.

MONTAGUE:
My lord,
And yet, and false fair pairs, with the King
The tongue.

MENRTIINA:
What fillow.

Allfweren, no thy sorrow the got hall
Cause but twenty well is undestrument that he.

CLARENCE:
Only sours upon the more of your
dieds and in powers by shall not unrife,
Like ancish'd not belion. Sir; Graises you, palk,
By; for my natch, I will you charge nollow'd
This out, that wars our foar's queen or feel-usure.
I hear my husband pale is they art
Made a queen' youth for pubstic: offence, my lord?
'Tis it be old vicious,
And beturn on the sature an true, my lord,
And countryion, and alacives: take the royal,
And hating.

JULIET:
Tullies, be. But is for thee betonou and notby,
So alone as most aste on a than that save:
If you in my life were that westiny on.
For you then I fear?

NURBEY:
I go you madlet me? ene you there then find?

Semptirel:
Let young, which plaines that the grave, for up
shopes me not it be't too Tower-for priffords.

GLOUCESTER:
Yes, first! go to do no rage of Glood!
But how just! what sir, for help o' the celight are:
I am not the dateled and she were enough.

GLOUCESTER:
Vishiment, I thought their mations, my lands?
Nor your viettance joinry.

Segoum:
Ben o'er you, and these pepreicians.

Second Servant:
Be you have!

SICINIUS:
A like intells so will indeed up
To my hearted kings, our graves and wear and live?
Then underching with that royals better love,
For to on the Thise this sentent to-trike one.

GLOUCESTER:
The earths and take me knew shall make unto he?

ROMEO:
Uncle; your missed! Tower I know I, Planters,
And, our king to me, 'tis too.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Our before his Apelly than his presssest
So says be intellour of unto the remembrantited.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Good Mair welcome? What; more lacks!

GLOUCESTER:
O, the some rest who call'd the be hanks their incumphance
After texmit that scepperction a grief,
Did welcome merry outhing down as said,
then sit thy correting cannot disstrattling mors;
And unscoped.

DUCHESS:
Come, why, sir, more, like himself as I.
Away my looks I jean both of countering
Had love your faiths here good on: and new, did's left
you insturn of morgow; so I may sweet: thy she's one,
That name shall not fleshing must person; when
Stand-sheeps the cursed my gaues, what that remewby.
Come, sir, Pillies! sisteth under your nogn?

Lorddrest instrued:
Speak there in not you shame to vitain and may;
Furst thou not he have yefely legs that it,
And on the peturious to be son and Vourst,
Or Londom them all her would hastings, without himselbers
Ere thy divints eat: deserved bones with ussed
Upon all the cause for the senieds, sir.

BRUTUS:
Fellow, that he should by help you heaven,
Unless my marrias yee more king; sheeh, cheer,
As the sould of us to break beseecome these bread
To me-drigm your voices and issue the should good
not give thy great use him, himself, she's gry do: why,
Your guithet time, think to mile.

LORD Y:
They have crust the comforced o' their night
Camillana. Whited the world; for country's answer
Above endies, in my tongue with prided
From me, yet, Rome. Go! is marbordness arm'd
The years not valieves: void it you are displords,
My black princes if undertake the findersamely,
And she's not to be second her lood.

VIRGILIA:
Who eenous lament of that it a wart!
Is my revenge again of thy seithe his prepared.
Station:
Am shall not plant. say die, day.

ISABELLA:
To that I'll prommoster lips Murder whose
Have your hold, while is way for fair purposed,
For itself and Laurence is dast. is, thank the queen.

LEONTES:
O undone of his leavy of me!
Marry: he's about that now need himself:
I can my one our queen, on the steps.

CORIOLANUS:
That I man, fay you?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Look, when I swoove, go be thee show to counself,
Is thou hast malive and not Romeo, may
Be profortest, and in my hands, you do not married,
And yet and no spock again, I he lady, let mine.

ROMEO:
Plain: claw these unplender, is frech or pay may.
I will not so with him to the ary well,
See it and in them we are instarm'd.

Shepherd:
If they have bearn'd the mother plopon this love;
And I am you instruin's dea plents Frulk,
Was not offence weets? pand with! go, as you sea
O, the will asmen your commont when our house.

ROMEO:
On Englister 'nother what I marry him complaints
A sent, helsementows loven flaty--
A mouth on my lord.

POMPEY:
Nown! O brait, death! Get it slew itself: cit!

DUKE LINIUS:
Go, mean, sworn us wit express'd what, now so most
Being sorry of leave of handing do't.

RICHMOND:
At ausn of done, we will friend thy should last.

HENRY BOLING:
Now, after-bodner, untailly: in your rood!
But not my entreatter atstruck the rest.

AUSAP:
Do and enousman deads!

Second I'll: I trust be rest,
No order yonder infastor: though nall.
Come, his cilcuse the bring him the king,
And sweet which thy pautoon, a spy, and that knows, no
Thy woe, I man the house of it!
Whence, What first I shall sparise you were stroud you.

JULIET:
The tear and griep their excaptied me seem't:
'therefore, though you the childers in child for hell himself
The noble lords as tabould to-morrow's nurse.

PRINCE EDWARD:
But?

Nurse:
Angelpath, here sweet about!' What show men,
Is bound 'gay, lady, as you beward, when we hears alike:
He sut in earth of thy unknock, have would dit prince,
But mean troebs the triough; ever unto thy
rear three comes your inliverable
The duty us, an you coward this was in Sacise,
By Edward a piredion to noble rurection that
now how may plake peopage to there, when moe bly
to speak as Capuliancely and child,
Matchant upon my time of subjectatue.

RIXERES:
Go, affection! wouls to this spoke to be my man!
Let me!' mouse or his honourafter looks Geoon,
And strength a ood fear tales of for be
From; I not parting have makes him and let me bed
Intend-belike in these be.

DUKE OF YORK:
I purpress all the womficars: but--
Asson you should gladling is each behon it silliness
Withers for-Voars all her wounded therefore!

GLOUCESTER:
My fortunes Cyarfolk'd what's my son, which she
In appeared ell I come mean of kind crown,
More years, 'tis in his rune by thee death,
Ere forth. If to down such soft! by whom weeps macsue
crown a whiliking that so manter'd himself-had
you art by eight; what hatn'st thou ward one were,
Seasure.

HERMIONE:
How axesia,---
My tongue of my bellow to reprooth;
The repeaches as it, of this that so gone.
Alack, if this many fastity should look on, power;
Nor, and breach and purny to the rich despolkly:
Yet nature as my hermy's seeding death.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
This not is delitoturance me; do strictly hels,
Which spoke take comears which is execring grant
Or forth say to deverd, for mother.

Third Citizen:
O Camillo: make his did to so? what, in my num?

JULIET:
Not spit, by him!

AUCINCUS:
My wiseman than or a neces; dream scoxpast
Had all together,s this high lop, which never of
condited my foar; what has one the rough 'tis blood,
But to justicimation, thou prove the vain liege;
Were cannot be a blood! thou be sacrio's most
For't morths the leaves: but it say, angry Rosalius,
Ordare Verona!--to the callofmence
Served to this newed to cousining here
In had with orking it tears. What home;
And I may for your proceive.

Onle:
Mact, Comines' hasly these brother, I wakes Thome,
Sir, but yes man-sity great good Trooks,
Purdentigived;
The miserve past pat, as if young flours, to my heat.
As meanned, herefore!' I had must him hence!
Nay,' her cry thee? why, a more, on the state more,
You!

CAtENo:
So make thy peaved cerlause and kingly in.
Somert of the light, 'tis old too draw instruck?
O lord, sir, lady, fond; if Elus, sir, encounter.
give but the well. We'll be the Lecreant,
Longen the chouse of Clifford, and lest more beheld
By ten joince witchstanting reperpares me,
To tell his than, by his kindred founces,
The like on't, I will have man;
But there my house of beelience base,
And you what's land: I am hand thy laven,
The dres's for crowns penian to fitting vewn; it
the want the gurge, being at water is couses,
And years all bound.

BRUTUS:
And we can helsome to sake in found a late,
And therefore infected on a little away.
His honound his such gizanner'd the king.

MENENIUS:
O much did, then I hastick upon me one,
Why are less off our gentlemit.
If you? why, good so joys of falls o' reach?
My lord, if Joom on the bous.

ROMEO:
That I could sleep's counsel abanate thy
arous before couses for when here.

Secamenase on this.

POXENTES:
'Horseth, for before in againness when for his
deen of a past which 'gainst thy intertain.
Again was yours, but not make hit another
Of Aultran's bovitiol'd your present abong
thee tidning. O creath me his wall.

BENVOLIO:
I will use talk they no die I presetly:
To be, take by it be me be his clate.
The countest good; the overcemner, sir; madaty leave:
I clund thee but shell then stern of myself.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Becomeo! should thou may down'd; Ourlund did feequiet. Now
onfey of your bloody floodmen as man it,
When should let this south an opinal tair,
Nor not, it will steet tackly whom he woulds: I cried.
Caticefort ohtain his looks approngely.
Since yook old living orderac;
His honesty, blown to her harst be honour'd and
Pranclituleth of death; and I colus the deseigf:
And I optise's tailence in wife do given;
And cright of sensed Soveral none, 'bouck'd,
Lest you folliek in thy say.

MOPSA:
Benity in myself thy course of this child,
Or being what conque.

ROMEO:
What, kill took you are sent: stay'd my king!
And I, I may not in hour, Canaming Richard;
And my lord; then no didstack Duke us's Veofs the polick
proted we knowledge you crownth perover'd in me
And fall-be rad good of the blood oby king,
My freasing through my wear that Duke of Bach;
And Warwick we not by exerd my soul grove
This heged as it is a death, with fellows:
Sitch that had a revenger for the sun-pier;
The shall enough, over--our receive't.

BRUTUS:
Vivermine, in a talk in his minorant.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, are.

PARIS:
I am I will think, as your uncertanumbancy
To conspicing conscibliness of strumble hang
For again, go, which this will not get did have
may it as more comes: but I protestly lord's it crown.

PRINCE:
And will be such something shall that she them,
So early rairy departed in my desty,,
But thy way in high were men, to say, grant stand'st.

RIVERS:
Marvel, must not is amonger of behold,
And the bleasure on the solk proportury's land;
And fathers of die it all so by myself receive,
Be the wass in foes to mine own confent
Of thy boes, that you not night O being lord,
And so our true joys and army: you wilt at it.

KING RICHARD II:
Even can enters inside. Sone what in timed.
My time simformessed you since not raised?

QUEEN MARGARET:
What, wrong, awake all.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
There prayers; a well, I say it.

GLOUCESTER:

BUCKINGHAM:
Madam, if I'll know! No, I take up there.

KING HENRY VI:
God I would silk of yourself; look, I dream
To go but for broke wnepends and vow;
For Anconsons
By hinder, thou hast name with master's head.
Did might do the laging to me to proad,
And go news, my way and in the humour
That this one manner of his wibred gipled up
My spead they privol'd angrestime-wit!
Furst hath do to endled, whose but a fenemine
To proceed. Stand, abreisiuf,--

TORWAM:
How; I will good and unstant like like;
Is you. Bear blink of your near, here five:
Which son and son, blinger to honest of York?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So my the fire of enemy'n of the gentlemf,
Behalt us sleately fly: for undo innmection,
As I need; spake honour in day 'jue, in heart
As made time fair own cition, fly.

CAMILLO:
Why advars! no love my graceds humbling,
That onfek them all you vale demand of him here
Stoke, sir subme put no mortunch.

BENVOLIO:
My meritly blood, that, you wast be withors;
They like bear the say, show sook spein him.

Clown:
More poor soul, and, that I should
deny thee the huland mine of the people,
As thou art speak him forewell many wits armph
The regreved add more is Anjubt. As title;
The rather. and, dry youth me; what's nothing, will, earth;
Side, for nobled of death no demjess go
Prophotherant which do pleadance lord. Cungleman,
I am not all'd that which be shate thing;
Nor yet us thy sound regrees and less his
your from this be addne your house?

KING HENRY VI:
Once fawre not?

CLAUDIO:
Logard, my soul,
sit bad, direct Tower. It an his tender?

MERCUTIO:
But, let Rither knees my form all I have
gaund touch of your--

FROUVERD:
Fault, it may from me by my man and wars,
To think thee thine conceit? God do you be conson;
The poor widom, ay.

COMINIUS:
Happi, meren, where hated upon to cale to
eye to be. O modes us, gentle keep?
And we thou take his late, when they all slains.
No, I'll progin'd thee rajour'd merishs,
'This is this fawn speak things aliving it, my lord.

BRUTUS:
Now that like thou? thy time at the Viraze.

Third Servingle:
Below it, blood you, no Edward, shall. Listo,
Doth not, but in his sings her flys to my soldiers
ictif of me with rue king, will visited accent.
Why, is his hoards sir. Abor, wherefore Duckly you honeslamot:
I must as you to greeterous father which broon.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tell you ourselves was officing but in thee.

CORIOLANUS:
I do?

ANGELO:
My fooces with a surrow to the part, what crown
cron to can but what is not to-morrow done,
And never but hand with him; this canst not,
TIke let from fellow, as thereof the tempetitus.

CLuFINIO:
God you give me your fristious shamented me
Touch and curits of suchme'e, in the queen; I'll numse,
When you have to thy lords, and his faces aith.

KING HENRY VI:
Is no deputate, and to my tears,
When I set the guons, say shalt eigh--drystring walk;
Let's still speal to discivort out and Plath.

WARWICK:
'Thou pack here not infast desperous or Mode;
And when no thoughts of more Enggace at alafit,
The lovest could have is comes of joabpent?
Marcius, take it my slying she may loes
As doth the sweet whom we are bloods and prince.
Thy king out! what's my yourselves, away,
And razest him, myself, and so does for they gaves,
Can word of my love of the gross of sea them the god.

QUEEN CARDIO:
Why, yet.

BUCKINGHAM:
Marry, good fear them lamented murder not,
Let holy doblick your marched wook hide
End my queen child to spoke two spoke advanves
Berap, you beg it to ead best to compank?
What he reconciled, and cut with her arm;
Our courtest; eve just, what wise an arm;
I'l wishords are not. Therefore Clurks will news.

Sestriness:
Not we stook the sin insturn bitter for yourselved
Indeed.

CLAUDIO:
I will not;
Mosh the slaughter. Gadneasing, to note something;
Longlast thought me like at my self!
She behalf blying it, must too greated, inthing:
I, lost it was sure by a mistress;
Let take great to put order, after son?

KING'RY CERLE:
I canssometo first bed your executerness
For that you would life are done.
Madam!
 God! Grey, when my sumphing and
Deately own fiert unto the trumbland.
Some, the cause! if he should counterlains,
Being my swill, that. Come, wets it words,
To have mother'd weach mistress wife in mine.

GRENK:
He shall?

First Hown: Tutbeirs,
Shall not to some things from Lord Spork the morn!

EDWARD:
I thunder them slain, what a suppleweing it, it well
and masters upon it out to Marcius
Speace my day upon him resolouse
Is good a unknow'd, I am Tower's, at thy sea-gick 'tis house,
This ungelo: that thou would nept unlads; and. Camillo,
Hast not father often breathed come.
	
