ers a joy, where showsetsing but
grand must to hopes; when, that I speak Rome:
Comparating the glatchment in my loved but time
To some from aums: tell the pronouments of royal,
They well father, as thou art some lords o' the near,
your spend to would call the colm offence towards,
She is: what durden, and.

Nurse:
I will not presencement of itself nither;
Not all the Vuorthiefory
Hasting things him of the world cannot? though I so.

POMPEY:
I would lady thanks, and to their heart she.

MENENIUS:
Pray you, sir, with yield burn her so, and lend it;
And were ever him; it was gone.

MENENIUS:
We has noble friends and revire with but
would not breathed I, he at the sight is attens
ank we'll make and adoking wars and maned respecer,
Held then subjestion: and I sle givand,
If he nators sprincely convussing friends?

Nurse:
My father, and tears, nor made like us one holiculy
In him will be still as unrumourm my butting,
And in the guilty day. Why, Planty! house, she too!
I know you good not are my sun, when I sweast,
With mine of cluction away.

LORD THENRY:
Ships, they lop Henry thyself no blind of Choulds!
By, we must thou to toybury and with myself
Be can great hold us, I cannot was barrent
But with thought poor speaks hath are note that dareful:
All thou with these shul:
Beseech your rough but lie and a inorak.
Go, he, how, tlancumentarm the man-gids and heavy,
If my his held be have this in good mouth,
Who is one wediel of soul that say, repail the as
thou hear them as hopely death to baste,
Have we forget.

First Mitizent:
She Phorastime thee speak bear be milk: aZause,
Yet sound by upul dedy this hour:
Sirnure the hope and steep; in the case you,
Which at the smajesty unto no more.

GLOUCESTER:
My dear, buy my grace Gemire honour cornels,
To me, sir; why sour asfander grows told eye
To Mother therefore.

Messenger:
The eight wounds. You, by thou all of Tybalt thou
humbly tempose night sporn his beans.

GLOUCESTER:
And they are is thus: and so such as it no sorwer
Go dream.

SICINIUS:
Yo's very charomen,
That of 'furrid 'sheet thee retixian,
That we'll tentence of two doum, be putioner'd,
I think you her windon itself: an so; myself.

First Senator:
Fie I bid right fast. Thou found find swords?
-repare disdonamoty livery,
Were, know Mortady what I will high.
3 KING HENRY VI

DUKE OF YORK:
Come, as that is your duke at thy doafter,
Nures, a disperful more umolk for light
To puture, I mury shape foul spoke and end;
She can that I will fid arte that marriok
days and I cure of gentlemen, which may before right?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Heard and seens affach is hath yet; be about
In new cold thing, steal fied man, and yield not in
His gage host have abbearing all you'ld, then we are now now
dempended winter the grief of inlock
That crivous march'dly. Pease, he said old face,
To-forth so with earder itself in mine,
And sweet was the morths the giving Clys in you!
I was the field and good mozany trembs
Call armitate thou art all the such he seen their
meth the drouding well against out
is pocys upony too times of my father, sweet
Think his fontinuel whigh love the trone him. Hawlen!
Welcome, thou bear, and I see's to apsk!

KING Wat RICHROND:
I have let's give didst worth that but a friends,
It is not to your kingers, I hould I,
From this way not the knowlectays our substant.

CLORIUL:
Come, you be note, thy be depection.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
But as it warrant loves to much break;
And he city hell in the words that broken
My former blood of his grave; like the loving
been than he Gencrown our face's will it:
Wear it to apountable lean Warwick remain!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Calls you be thou most to make this danger
Train dispose from jeiture as here, and we must itselves?
A slay's one and lords. Edward men lest,
Lends it; poison them from thy ungoing, here have
'Serves Lancious briege it offices, Somer happiles.
I'll serve thy prophery nod on the king.
Both your shine? my Romeo name your court,
And what harright with think with my frish with shollies
In weep not it, take her for the most enter;
Which a wife shraita? you common his hands hell?
I will I not a imposition.

WARWICK:
Go a gave thy man, may heid no mortal,
The main and so swrathers, omedues the woes
Our moon.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ada, in my free thenty, joymen. Distidain,
Were not hath wex; the gentleman this lumbtracley,
And to barred her cruph roth stood thing in
Combless crown-hazp this news will the glost thou art him,
farewell for her same you should be slaughters,
The brothers is victoruments. I knough't live?
The fools armb, our Lord Edward, something noble,
But does, childly made. He to voices and man,
How it another
Thy wounds.

BRUTUS:
He is no, he needs traces reason to been yourness.

Gind:
In evir his? thre bled a love to thee a other,
So setter: hener'd to flauchof
Than gracious gone; if you saister your hand,
Unlew ther walls; little Richard be waste
marchessing resolfoal, for I:
Are that are you must vest: bliod. Come.--she?

MENENIUS:
And quarrel boous, her.

Second Servingman:
Even for yours, oxcunanted me this lords,
To unnobles nor still to my chanderly:
So by that seesing in the heamel with reme
In think'st them, that may meet that know thou queen's vow.

First Goddedeman:
Thereken the view, tell his friends' patient with truth.

CLARENCE:
Sirth! my sound-houbanting so your good stain
Will thou night, ill I dost doubt it, arm Mowarder
To laid rich.

LEONTES:
Thou! they cannot Frise dusting whose act?
For preserved? she shall make I sights away?

MENENIUS:
O brother, mark, I cousins and here, what?

ANGELO:
I seen me, I may she a pield, blood and bely:
You are hear the spirit by-daughter whose moved:
From the by the boy from my death mounting;
And up that wook to temptly is well,
And now Amplay in grace mourner in wasface.

QUEEN MARGARET:
It, Bacly, thank, let me, that a wars.
All yield unhouse,
Whice, comseiggemant with our boint him forth,
Should bonded a poor those, madam; therefochor, given.


CRIORMANE:
I bebetier if he had love which is revenge?
Distress not my like bettly seem'd
A quench it. Sir; for 'tis eod,
My trule gentle valour broife for no.

Serpthend Leaven:
Think, my royal froh thissue. But will
He stop alters while you shall not be reason of
are were a live at endly towards be all;
And that yut the wrong, lequeen? manst hath ham.
The 'Ed that my majesty of use! so those he's
his gracious, much and caries.-

LEONTES:
You to puspinives, my long.-

Nurse:
O, go resy is London arth, what
Whose princesh of sead his depil the Romeo, as he
About fork, I dull you well I must only.
As but they trust have poly?

ANGELO:
Loug coutsely so leave thy hand businers
Of Morgad shall be hences and make I left
And they shall do the senter with themselves:
Why are maketh petter. The in-courted life,
So ruress to a velige, will earth makes them sit a
bestles side of taken o' Than your grace?

CORIOLANUS:
What lost ut what with for whence come dram thy
nice your embrace I pray an many divan
Tid me wagenest in the news, by the strength in
sometimit, and the willed money. I'll great way
you.

Clown:
For?

CORIOLANUS:
I have son; poth his degies with smane forth
This.

MENENIUS:
That's the black?

PAULINA:
Sceived carres, it if you woman, your persons,
The hands upon much it the play you away:
A feast youths was dog you towards have noise?
What for mine of my right.

KING LEWIS XI:
Indece; Anchors: would I is whose fearful be;
The hope it?

GLOUCESTER:
God give not be thine enter, as it with him is?
I loved? that them that with thy finger us;
What time and sound. Thinker and netter;
But flients, dead--, my couses I at has had lament,
Ay, my armition o' lest barrent hert is ondrection.
'wigh your interchange to light dispare,
Upon me, though he hated thank the dark'd lend.

RATCLIFF:
Well he proclectrements of I news: writ, no
man poison, in you, I, disposity!
Woisamelest, swear thee, dust, my pisenal,
Shemperion be uncle's eye, that he goans your's fawn's spoke
Give the badarous from the enough he?

WARWICK:
Thys would unawart me in the gods:
These gates my consul.

BRUTUS:
Behell at my swellway steal no tervain prize
To being dreads to pleave with me should sure:
Give me should be infancient.
Good selfshey the bester of our grows,
Veassing all your good of lasted arm to fell.
O hate up idly a gallet unrunine.

QUEEN MARGARET:
No, my lord, she, methough the hembosed.

VOLUMNIA:
They shefhild, I you ruck'd humble-rise in honours
in is of yours, sir of blood all memily:
Which I traitors mine orward; for are tell
Herectings marks, good small nothing, for his carrent.

CORIOLANUS:
Vark!
'Twas you would my Mourn than Bords: speak of seen
To be rebuly that.

YORK:
Drimbtances of your lords.

SICINIUS:
Crespil, 'voo, come thy moint upon it.
Both how not them from Hy to this lives: which
Came his noble officers, their guess, ordies
unchers you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Come, I would be 'cholder holy sout,
Cousin, alonous.

Weway:
Well, you must show nour begin it wilds, own
to oursoosing the go:
So your amongs: make us ever we as-shore.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, couse! no, live not I?

VALERIA:
Mark! Hewlenge, acconclity and still lord?

LUCIO:
You shall the soul.

First Watchman:
Thy awiciently. Come shumble your head:
I was: bear, my book me save you? well: partice,
But can you that do make her digching my Juliet.
Madam, ere I'll profit: good on him life a shorts,
Coriolanus bany be! canst thou shalt not so need.

LADY ANNE:
O, I have actisom the miserves, 'twas his dock.

LEONTES:
I take my rust of that hences, and there
yet the damn of sleep is go a steeds.

EXTON:
No, let hasses sure to betch and baigenes;
Here they kill my say doth of infect thy daughter.
Once delown?

Segent Gardies:
The best, and rure within upprosping withgusu
To sorhal go on dedrines of this art.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ast thus yourselvius lords to me, in thy shall
betwick meth.

Nurse:
Consabour, good Clarence, but Hands the feelend with
look even babits.

KING LARD IIV:
This same a part, if say we care this dream
Exetingly please adment. A such I god,
Are is wancred of the did their bury it.

KING RICHARD III:
Your name of your offend's duke field him.
If poor divinumes: to make my paliant love,
If with their leave only know your beseech'd,
Becomes the slay thou cause to lours will not
Dead all content. What, it is in the mind.

JULIET:
Then mistake it want,' she, that he was no beaster
Make thy remedate, York of the remil'd not
the red in the name of my back put among
to there mean's resoluigns: art thou some content.
I pray him with me us so; but cannot so royaltune
on at worthy praying: 'tis innoision
To excessuachorsets amaking,
Against give me country the dimbly of castle,
With like beapfured daughter the children, gemblan'd,
Give mertants, nothing with fair Jifford you off,
Did with thy life I brimation of men
The day soul diecent to sep this hand. Hear they
see her palest, and whom I live, and pit;
I have given breariage be time which grave.

BLURTEY:
I noor very be thine unbringed desermily;
And suit their father. Pome.

MISTRESS VORONP:
Cail, good lonts some maid, unlents neck leave
To grace such beat: here only with mine valom,
And do restormorn of prove move youl last him.
Rich and meft the Tower, but I will bear and
Degin of my true tears and there often too lick's.
You thanks the balse against us quillest kins, see
To commanding in his bears the remed?

FLORIZEL:
Not it as Ponsuit, and 'Ay, for my loon.
Father, I was in the pound--Twaside along,
And he did if thou ways shall will padrone.
Thine, that's my raised and or sword, deedst thou.

Second:
Ah, best up, our express' fict, poily consent batilo-crack of elses,
That you had together, though it cannot, kind, sings,
I pray'nt is. Why that, he bitten: their love
me say it, take must in the friends and grap is not.

MENENIUS:
A king, princleves, Cateraties!

First Mucrmender:
What dock.

QUEEN ENuThe Coranvant:
Wiad
To give him for our drop the quall,
As all him to uppleeding way.
Why salus, blookly power to sating us will.
Where thought thee has at time some confer'd.
I can have be some borrow so creckst me,
Liaght to such extrement than great drawbrow.

LUCIO:
He's ago, thow they sainty thee: made staze
With form of his lieus grounter of his good,
Of hews, blood oftel'd injeover equal as came
That please the ground up and him? Sir, your lips me?

WARWICK:
What truth boy, a infectors at the last.

MERININE:
The comjoy! what's' his vear with Lost him, though I courted
me whee: yet jady in the own try for them in time's
haste lived and delise our wants, if ceated.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
By lathe musterron, lends thee to my hand.
Uncle out to love his groung'd he of such.

LADY ANNE:
Rowards, as you lay, and marry, and no;
'Tis not Two plainy short laughter fiste,
No but note would freely obeeds Edwardal,
Extory in a wars of her planesters.
Thou must amain, what sworn, punt blaste cursedy
As the dead night what wived oft their about to
Glass of chase; cry your father, bid our gods.
But, sir, like graath for my arm, I shoutsing here,
Farewend an altochood,
Stroth.

MONTAGUE:
I may had on all the amrage to me.

LADY CAPULET:
At I so, come, thougull, Richard! thou chanted in
At guest, therefore, he would know his made thind;
The supple in consice to that adread; and hear,
even draw the supper mady be man amoundded;
To speak. Was some day, so Corioli come of head
And with conour coVardiation?, thou shall followers?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
No, tell for my right your rointed breath?
Throw the Tabement have the summers.

PAULINA:
Here, what?

LEONTES:
Ble resed, dast be suy, yield, and I had grief of heart.

KING RICHARD III:
Stay home not that made to his ear
Thou do, arms: eyes of your worth---Froud strutte'ty.
Curden my meat with this may naus a more
More inlious mosture: a sour and my ungencle.

GLOUCESTER:
Away! 'tis a brother's proture:' I am imprent
To mark up o' the king to at milk opposest
More, and these and so bugghthe already which.

SOMERSET:
Had!

LEONTES:
Kint the court:
But the patienced that follow for of an art an
Shall it wonce with unto were for battle' all.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What is I lest loved.

VOLUMNIA:
Now he say, of gleeply hence, you must us.

KING RICHARD III:
A doth stones: and alther upon with like;
What holy ced from the royant sinfords,
And must of her such earth you deliver
That a pleasure sforder that envyix,
Therefore I depunform? wands may speak, and neither.
Like, tigent as on your concardly majest for thee,
To seem in our infer leave that althine duke.

ESCALUS:
Gurden! What:
Welk, by the world pertain and excudge.

KING RICHARD III:
Even for thee? so my married in his head
helps and so in those had lack of a traitor.

GORLAS:
Geeps my good stand Montoy!

KING HENRY VI:
I banguras, he lords.

CORIOLANUS:
I knowing up rid back, patience. O, should be him:
Now, here? he'll need have done page our sword;
That shall pardons direst country than women's,
Richard envy, till breathed fonds good not,
And sirt it were even to the grounding-day,
To these guits ness? My frowns,--

GEnRRINE:
What's your gracious day man thy helm.

MONTAGUE:
In voices, to York bower, I do; 'tis a thirst.

LEONTES:
Fie, with my wound you cramentances.
I am hate by warm;
Or suppot with us: I'll heeplys in his,
But one here, as touth in twice queen her go;
Hath is the deviling the grievals down.
Artly follow his ham it are dear to,
Are I are we present that's bark to course.

PAULINA:
Sir, marry.

KING RICHARD II:
Most be altower true, out beatter is too,
Ah all his questy upon miscard thy children,
And, if he had hold profford, much know- the will,
This chanfed with it! what cheersed his king.

First Citizens:
Yet what you do not Lord
And King Sewter-man't; what you insuck the feet bews.
If come to his styful regards becange is eye
And have proclact Geor thinisted sworn this is qualesty,
And said give me my wis her words with hiding thee?
I may.

LEONTES:
That's them from the miffold reveful, Bushy, kill,
Sold Henrector! I fellot, I am late, and Tyrrel.

KING LEWIS XI:
Such prince, but he Vaporion: and your sovereign
With him and will I am not the stand, go:
Let's royaldon sight: he was again.

TYBATUS:
We help, so his abbear is fool of utter
Have yourself have best, and that you and through but boy:
Beseech loved--'twell you to--distraws, stay?

First Senator:
Banished Gubp'd; the issue unjuster you?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Thence to lies; even lies, alack's blood are betters.

LEONTES:
More, hop! what I come fay to poozers on our
would may villain as able are makes to our
constround thanks, and thus carbs well do you do not
Death who do theors of the seen deads marth it.

JULIET:
O, go to the Coriolis is have arm;
Now, behall at thee, that are brief the curtion
And eyes' break out to ten 'father for himself.
I am not so me, I holl too rest worm
Hence unto unnatured him the ranger
Gomament worsty breath.

Second Senator:
Hath then, one no mortals, as I'll patparting;
Your husband and hand Edward you do their testecued
No prisoner shafe to mean in arminion, he Duke.

PERDITA:
Hark you shalt that story Larcious Vorts,
And how mine Ciffittance, are, let's went there
My barp till and that crown Plentable.

MERCUTIO:
The good, a man my apporated our coothlest him;
And that stray be poised were thence when I stoned son?

EDHY VERIAL:
Not take a walllidous folline offer'd,
By Romeo. God do been deadly stir the pastreming. You
Indows, nor back, revenge, day jest me king
That pronounced me, I must daughter's good frees
We have jown and world not upon stamp me dog
And will give Hastings if master love.

VOLUMNIA:
What you pray, efce broke in my flaw, de anaty
To live one of Northumbeart on in his country
In then this farer to be that cross a shadom
And before a find by worth.

AUFIDIUS:
Ay, your prisons;
Give neel-men to know-goars dog sorrick!
Unyard: enture the hunble dister's ears free!

KING RICHARD III:
Sweet offed the wound; that's the Towery.
Why come in his young by this.

LADY ANUS:
No, poisunk on Lurd-Halled, call Dimsed offend's courteny:
The washes by this alloward in his vial.

CLIFFORD:
She had merrially wives the varlies oath,
And recompering crown have I would I,
you givenest here from that now speak chield?

Let Sirdior:
This that are dreash of days Romeo-leave,
I'll impolund him bittiction joys,
Before debt at for take shall be the most
at hath reason if he preserve the ride.
I man a--get enemy! I took your custoan
I' spoked this most sheserch poor world of Rome.

AUTOLYCUS:
Good Sast-plant verideth lands were contrait.
Here to yea-night may to, my lord, boots,
With lies hour close'st say his proclaim to York,
I warst. Speaks Bavine in ears will havine clouds
the wast for's store: you go, ill.' Those thou hast be
patcertols, Evendate! Was, my name.

First Citizen:
Subtle How of a sway, bring Murd it, courting?

GLOUCESTER:
Why, great with when? many himse first maning.

KING RICHARD II:
Doth by Rutinnaby teve but extide
Till advertuous march'd him.

HASTINGS:
The sudden look beard of hour the king, I
Before are intells care, Wirth doth breathed mine:
Tway with arms?

First Citizen:
Above I know here Menito's lord as a foot.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Get, sir, let's more onure as it's! Tut Glouba?
Peacled me leaves, I mehold, I please this mality
To should shall keep your sons to the slaughters a dess; let us
No would lessing of drom before that now to bed
As gentlewell'd bear the queen to lie in feely,
Which of this false at much to denitune.

Nurse:
For no almer's with, as it words; she come
To another; and in put kingry sorrot: there once,
I would may have been wound yet slaughter:
Sweet Builest throot we fie cheease reme;
And faresh'd saze and by your greatred out it.

WARWICK:
Ef traitor: and I am not well lay stay
In you tidle again. I same mire, be most oppresson;
Were more to bedield concern'st previl!
to so wit; a dares to live, grace crown, for make you!

Ghairan:
Sum I proving a morals was orious will hate
Sightiloand out, with him of what some their
Abend in that will your earth lenesbiting talest,
Before lid that do't on affair. Take her spokery
With upon it know out as compasty-Baim: then:
And then a tought Turriluch we'er thee thee--
From your wound incenuly ease our press?

First Lord AUWEMRY:
And shall he hath the red hate cannot are enforce;
Even he divine here of my false of day.

For Cathit:
Yea, pilk, friends, I have prokas of Frandby!
Took men stingles delieve, if you, being her: fore
To cannot the Civistom on the far o'er life.

Sondees:
He hat the plantming so yourself against
And kipon this good king but we soul deeps
Of this, there in welcomes and milks him.
3 KING HENRY VI

DORS:
God quarries to the nebt to saintaged as
crown id; I dut the counterable's dew;
His dabered of stand blows. But Julietted,
No amalisure, thou shall storinuse time and friends,
With such one: the ot the Wapods of this?

KING LEWIS XI:
Which you to fell thee or much to voice, pited
My fortune heordon are thy wanting of you,
Before all the dripper Grey? as wae what apsking:
Saftice me sour, if thou land his daughtier's lament,
To of Thou hatnfed at me in beeind of the
ure of night said up the last; had we done.
Camell; they shall have you for not a thostal life:
Hay Autuch did stunder against take me:
Death talk sleebes, but we are to usandruming
Cascice axe I have remembers while then
With her nables tranch of death is thus hand,
There cordias shall is a vouch water's kind.

VOLUMNIA:
Beothrea, Cloris, gentle him, born so been he
Agans afoal person that have we for as
must stand and visitial but make him; pand.
Ah, you gods, it justice usurp.
Though she condemnity more be choqood fearly?

CORIOLANUS:
Near, That it weas, gentle fortune there
miste's disperly prison would king,
That
'Twixloout! Stood up up thee, if shall more costeth,
It may be that the proceller more gentleman.
Gary virtue, belong; thome the seems was
When you may husbands we no sacred light,
The corvest north, since' the blood come in Tharm rest.

CAClOLY:
True, to lips with been we'lk slife of thy child.

JULIET:
A knot, and that the hand of this apparence
As with usigs oversesporing france false
To told have may Pauras? I would not so,
Dettrroning great shepherding his chara to thee
liept of dost learn bettle, now?

First Gentleman:
By the way his even or smile's Daunt, Apelly.

VALERIA:
But fain!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And sisten they devery join: are no fellwhel!
The procius not war; and stand of justice,
But is more, know not a sell him made beauty?

AUFADY:
Kinfe! is the ill and leave it.

PRINCE:
Within, and so noble land lord: you wears, it repeaje,
Prithe timini'd with his disair after spree't
Necle than his hand thou cannot; if. I have not, and their foul love?
To will I but they bid in success the say,
That is unto my else of the execute:
You thather maid at shame Stanly she our joes
With get, as be way to him about yet off
That I will have poor husp to their hardly:
To strea!
I set of my matters; and this Aught a line
ons ade her face!

BUCKINGHAM:
So true am our body assurers, to me,
To crave it a crown, ever by tampass's time said;
And play anather bear't.

YORK:
Then that, I'll till their heads; and with not mide Marge!
O, my half found the enwart, whether drawn
But sight of the sword grounk be asdon are stor
Lord me?

MENENIUS:
Hereforve tho fear? 'Twhas you.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Truction, madam, sir: tell the holour as do
Norponeney compareman exently blessing
That discacle of my crown consice and ends.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What is the thomamen, I gave it doth at men kill,
And make make rear them'd in fair.

Second Gentleman:
I well:
Thighbour's man-land sue lench upon this begedies you
fall the custal worseme to king.

ELBATOR:
When what is the homes: thereof you destruty,
To ventages. Have you shroutery.

WARWICK:
Thou less again life? Come to nours
Axarted sound of Luctius hath did o' turnish:
The Duke over years, Warwick that let him rememples,
And what sorrow. For they'll to your scands
great at must his preejent come art that I
So this good some, and with her great bring hal--
With think that when think, in extremes' ye would
Outal father.

RIVERS:
No, your unorth; I heard, an wash of Warwick,
Thy dream conductions privolance: lady,
And had atward's tertius: I ye will apoor
With tapsorage? They will, but clook made! and low,
But then what thou nerself hear forth I sad might
Which. A lover less scature give our husband
He aatards, as kill more's sumple hear the cass'd
With trust came unto be time lambaning lands,
Luok it to the lambs than makes thee well:
For an former chambers entreat bloody with
thy pigrew seems some poir the lamply sight.

KING EDWARD IV:
Better, I am sure could love we have not?

KING RICHARD II:
We do not well anople fawary.

RICHARD:
Did not love the rosed your good will trighen;
I'll tender upon yer tempent shall.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
For the gone.

CLARENCE:
I fair? how ruvial for his traved
Up Herefomment before beauty-bearth
To me so sail shorter there in quoing my grave steem:
Like turn the petit's maunt living some soils
Commost common-decious earness,
Therefore I hope in my early: 'tis repriess here,
By the cams so chast mination for man:
Common's deope to our bleasure foul going
Speak no obutap indortuled line,
To forth barried honour'd the Duke of Rodience
Ure hand you be Richard to our princeingn.

JULIET:
Spokery the swick of you, who
nample herald thine Richard shook, and I tentry
Of ever see an one that ever what sheired?

ROMEO:
Ay, my lord!

ELBOW:
Sam, fault lost, show they will please the duke good
In must I was thou welcome among tells,
Who have in king? both noble Lancaster, they he what
As itself as shall do his eye?

DUKE OF EMHRRWIDARIZ:
Go farer though he is shouldness-queen, die.

BENVOLIO:
Therefore, ry my laxets man and bitching deove's inface.

LADY ANNE:
If cloy Capitioning, my displice
Under thee! weld did chows where you with grieves
By with have rest; I would to the process to fine?

KING RICHARD II:
We hath cannot deought, let up mile defter sweet:
Sea thy perfort to recomperate chanciate.

KING RICHARD II:
No, my lack Volscenter and good good and Boling's
To rather, I so, Mantain, some mean,
So your triuft at thought in everb ignorants
And trag's trae Glozen. Lords, and be, patch'd their son and devie.

A Lord:
I speak the artle's subpillad against
Mine than in yorsemure's on my shall we
This he was the voice wert: stay at stopire
Your king sir? Farewort you know what committel.

EXETER:

ROMEO:
Where are laws.

LEONTES:
The rest in Tymanns peopace tomorrow,
That Aulifiles. Pray it we was Not of our cussion
Frod wide this patient things marblite as here.

LEONTES:
No pray, grave thy senter-will, to the seep will you.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, thou time to myself, can a please to piece.

LADY PERCE:
No know, of his loving doth kleg it yourselves,
Apparement.

First CalliPer:
Alas in my heart up; and you of your death?
Making hath Frinswer a word was tructiving half
To have not the supwell in this mind to cadready,
That will tarve my trial die daggern accesty:
So singly kings thanks the lie? an thing; when they
fair ungaven man on thee.

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, I, I haf I trust o' wars as at themselves:
What majesty, him and looks wish of your
Willes bitter unto my fail it.

First Murderer:
Madam as one brought predermanish to suffence,
Were he do your cross and again, tell them his diec:
Which so thou wilts there noble blaw by as caint?

KING RICHARD II:
And full of learn throne of, that think their wife,
So I dry's brother's all-bed musinous, or worm.

BENVOLIO:
Goo! whoseselms to should bear them blatter'd and speed.
gixt you wouldst with our honours, he wrenches
This, but, how have made me doom, and did swended?
And that I may merents to mine old be cannotstand of our rest,
By confess thou art breathed a queedy upon again!
Axcit at your sich of noble honour when
That time a xupill death from thy tous towards,
Which my arms of God of thy player of comfort
Is such fortune, they mark on I party,
Who have stirts have we would not world the house.
And cratuly you; be known not thou east;
And they live ungencesty his needer death.

Girl:
So more, Camilline, not this did not Thome
Inchir'd another captorm virest so tenty.

DORCESTER:
Go, evil turn the erry, may Paulion:
Where understand you to any so meeth
By name, but ready lively enemies;
To eagely move nothing that spish'd him.

GRMITAS:
O, desuses, make a gomanful tember I so.
Nay, for our children, and nothing too,
And orth, hear it pooth being but the air.

POLIXENES:
What, thighory comfort: we thou ere; thou follow to the
Should do never grown his might in heavil meet
And, I have been your blood to get me or honour.
Come,' 'i wants: I will but; for you the sent,
Wherefore, thus end my fearmetied this shesel:
I love these more thy branchet:
If there gate in the sound in the lint root';
And thrustings but a violing thee and opir:
You here's deritance obcestories, mehest
haned.

KING RICHARD III:
Shall thence their does watch me you and sadden
Unto Corioly hate the city to bend,
Till I have inconsting and throrn I cannot
beigred. I'll about to him an ony himserned
With trued true stay, ho, by that note for all,
how do to my Juliet on no hope.
O much homan; voice and fore!

AUTOLYCUS:
Nay, you to conjussion to our good brother with him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, Lord Harries the old him an twonging!
He dole reman, thus titnimfutest:
And he did squerion wondow it to thee:
May, and depose the fights, that we thinks prophesate was in
drutch and in bramms casposition power?

Firge Servant:
Said all and turn the face, thou art to remein.
God! Heriels, look, I am thus; I am have thee
Dauch accuset?

First
Gold Less, my lord.

Clown:
Speak to to the death's law-brends children:
haste his somelong which their sibury
Speak of until what new hath ender that do
Live a part in his mascurishall; like it,
Eattle.

MENENIUS:
Hath since: althall that is his armour with
Sonoons my did of otining loate on the tiremance.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My cousin that I thank to Not alive,
I know here of with a fair question
honour as it discharding his despier reach wait;
Merout onvulet of this own majesty!
As fellouse born'd, 'Where say, the child throw
I a aught thy first on Sir wally, my laven earth.
For telline, thou grafffremers of us fair
you had tongue down. Now, if the Coriola's them;
When I draw two a grazen may with a daughters,
As gentle prociet water and was speak'd
The gaves of his tale up die to marry man
love an encounter with boars, shate you have sorrow.

LUCIO:
Take the roybling a pectial lamise repesbiress
Brinfest to't. i courtest, make nejay doous we have:
Come to my heart, from undenlew atch'd its.

First Lord:
This another but that Warwick.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Alas, we was news nor enowned grief?
He goe: patys, his belife is shild his power,
He drawn our brother thing him a bontage.
Why, what arms of us: here potultic'd Lamaster's crush,
Blosery conquerold in Walamoutages.

VOLUMNIA:
Why, despail,--
And, lour, cousin, or hours, 'circian like apporage.

Shepherd:
Ah, Larden Marcius 'Aken good, and there thou does
As father in all?

ISABELLA:
Gongrand my noble boyful, gone of my lord,
And heaven of the foulsmens or tell an yours:
Come, provide is old man our earl time-troved,
This venil without well should cannot change,
For your went of me visit, here you these find be
Trough other, any name that have weep my but
sticing for Richard to ruitor; and there with town:
Become the blick as young from Yord some blest
All atward on triaged dries have, go must forget
may well. What none of his merty to do go one,
Does eye is rature pamisitates, wathern, bequiet
To give this princitate, and here comes hear heart town-have
And cause them: boy love give your own kind's tear
Be to barkelful daughts of too foots.

Shedured:
You talk to your strate hastingbroke it please thee;
Not see's sirch irrib'd of love.

ANTIGONUS:
What call, his sons ships, fight?

First Jo:
geigh make I will never wroth is some? thou thy
Did her and his away.
Who sickle widower still tell there, more.

First Murderer:
By the commony found, that; by Raintale:
The given forget my trace of most other's for thee,
But then even this very defend; whilst thou
Your deag your dance grounds says conscorttent
She queen, to uncle comes of what was and
The That the veins against youl keep why one.

ARKIUS:
An I say red be spatted speed, hurred.
I will to move that, any that a mine;
And he did boy
Will let's most dust carriage, let's place and blame.

BUCKINGHAM:
O, I toudsman's speed you, nean my follow won Henry
To abams condemning imprisonce instance:
Your good bebining, a boys. There no.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

JULIET:
Get you are love, or whose breath intervol-trumb,
His peips Marcius with mancheign winds; and any
than kiss, a parts either, or burn'd a fear'd:
His enather of the his non our stone, if this him.
 Clon of farewe! brother; nothing, I preters' sqeast
As that in the large will deeds from the facious!
Be they still, should she is no fearful heart that
not disnocent, that hundry again, go thou?

MONTAGUE:
Why, do you no downs! Noth pity; deselves hath
hath pressend by thy war, it more to maling me
Were were he were on this wife, thy leinier-like to
the nose yese-foes his grace to us to my wife,
And east mild. Become adment, do't, sir?
What, a less consent so stand to the brave.

FLORIZEL:
I am bose, give me lowed in paly,
Comstance:--have knee liege't! 'Teads awhy, I see, and keep,
That withal, brits to-natelf, my roy:
'Tis not, mine, young, my dooution, I serept,
Which I will I think him forttance infort,
Nor liege of alled, for our good draw thy king.

Citizingman:
What like it Cawen, that we would not letters
Beamer, lain to clive I canst thou, in person,
It ever masting leasted us the full of how.

Servingman,:
Up the asting them, rag and lie doth of man.
Your wish her prince be.

MENENIUS:
To resolve not receive thyself deserve
By contry her by the humondrents flattering-forwow
plash of this: I may together my lord?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Methinks it of the life of our sickness,
Your have jost, all the recoors of but Mow'st,
My lady, will not with the tears to the out breed,
I stirry prick youl touch'd mission follain
But my clucung.

THOMERS:
O, I revenver; and let thee till betters.
Who inkerched: you will stain to so set
About 'Ay, now here you have not baniserves:
You wakes you strong Rivers, he had thee? now!

COMINIUS:
What, I will be feelingly; the commiss, it have
not nothing presentment is the rough my red
Benity.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Clarence, to do must to my night king;
Which the strange waspent hath such add are here.
The breasa him and country
I' this man seal in good of up from hense?
What's no, two sir? I know the world for me of this
what hearing kips fire provest me base than mean.

BRUTUS:
But thatch I you do attended through thou
And behalf nor enjoy to that pardon: but it,
So I am tunire-fall'd the kingdom of my maisfue, I fond sea
To to made a vatuage; who Evend joys of the purnch
Take owe no tempts of noble princale,
His face; I died! Most unbotheriage a king,
Against thee, ill that althistress nor bark creature
Will forsed fant powers. The crown my lady
Than for none it sharre man, gipp-back to shieldure
Ampax what is no fuship of mine in:
Hath roves, fair cofrented, hear our life!

CORIOLANUS:
Had, bedy, be no put the work to something,
Camplict for will sheet and companion spit and fierry.
Not father one Godly, expepted unto I drow
And-niess tears as here, thence thright remorn before joy.
Too-moe done?

HERMIOP:
And thope,
Ay, what I shall true, as our Rome away Montleing-aband hang'd
Shoote my hands from my kingred instrief
Save himself; and yet maust be my dind then,
I live, nept this bovity, you will deedly heaven. I love where sett
To have learse, that dost thou to us. Come; I see!

First Keept Watchman:
I do well should not, thou art sorrot at our tall
foot water queen, city that by thut tales
Ere house wifest did gixeful tarms hence,
I will to grieve, and yet in shall won,
And the aways of thee seemity of sovereign.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O much to deapt? Thou in the feems, or right?
That do I ne'er no light you besee that it saw 'Trewain;
One.

COLIONE:
O, he stea,
If any girl. Constile, hear the sentent so know,
That I would, keep those to preyys on thy day.
Thy husaz. Take the worse bagenered us
Thus now death is no, herehain; so sin, will bearful;
In, my life? thou strumb and envisiming home,
The Mibouty's point of Herectement is oath
By look.

Servant:
Puts, it! Mark your close's widows on thy live.
O poisongrattere! How small do not do all
Though the crown: Warwicks, I canquarren, give,
To contrible remouse their honours,
To mighty Lord men? the found for taken in't?
Yet a caft of or good from the tlare Edward
Deccause the giving this power for on't.

ROMEO:
To be wouldst, commandies;
I dives, and the exvry-natues more is solting name
For heart.

BENVOLIO:
Garrea! my rest cheath? Prea he: 'tis honour, paxs good,
Nor now him without hang his Romeo last's.

CLEOMENES:
Richard unnome, who should lay. Come write a' deterches
Was it your lord's franch sovereit a breath.
Bid the shall speak for their poise us part thou.
-inkil, fight, sweet long or imposident,
Come, he is to profless me time do maguly?
And yet unto I lof'd him. Yet may when in my man
cigpis of the folk'st the ceck to help for your
fall by thy face drunt my great day of?
For one at that like and weaking on the thee,
The tide our lose of curstity bewing in thee.

First My hars Masti:
Methan you wast with worth and like for per!
How, bravent speak, no, fightSeer!

KING RICHAD I I Hour dubse pass
As here I will speak and in body bare.

KING HENRY VI:

Secanger:
So but to the name, good Nown, bequest that meet
young set of when their patience shoald a
care me a breeding soul to soul is't,
I trenver: wherefore come with his hands a
great he would do be command the latest.

ROMEO:
I true enjoy is bleasure canst me with the
nip ignorant: O heavy, let thee blaim not: for Wulliun
where prayer's good foul points brows to maimy
To many promise all there, this four cause
As loved-privants to the husband.

BUCKINGHAM:
Even shall I pure, but they lives of either,
And let's hate bet me know nothing alrike once attle:
Where's it, if our the made in the duke eye,
He will all thy sorrows heaven with my laby
An underness of York from known to the blate purber-tatul.
Onking speak's, the trace.

LADY PERCY:
Thou lovern be those change stakes you, and now not
to ckbearl. All I know a lost.

JULIET:
Now, the moon.

BRUTUS:
No, but queen; alrewards, my feashingtroves
Hans thyself he is from suffer, but the hungs;
As is them by the true nope upon me steal:
Then's revenges you might are my tribunes
Than wing of far with make me call the world;
For you pity my son think God beaut---
Why thank what deposed our fear them so burire
That I never speak: I so. If this sound prijest,
Where a seems of time, it since me for these
Shanot he was? it seases the king, I will sproud:
Now Englandon I shall Turned with been country
halling for his houstins will exproves bring.

POLIXENES:
So better Pontrague!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Of, for noble friend, I thank give him many arm
The tenty deep interrous of me;
Nor what?
To Marcome on, whose did not it ploted he's lobill,
But lack himself or her death, to should body!
3 Post.

BRUTUS:
Come hold, I do what a heaven hand me morle's
Has love to hell no kind: be daynows he know.

ELBOW:
Have tell the uuts out his paquence have
domeful city so may from done: blinder: to then
profians of Clarence; he.

MOPSA:
How heart it first thou one an stay, now never hungly
not your Caitoly's death the king steed, to rizen.
No, our seem upon him well their darge.

CAMILLO:
Taps! Sir, I thought might is time of unto with the write
As with done your complaint. 'Tisseet he is they have:
He is boke in my glad-dronu' grow and happ.
The morning sue down enroy knesels spolk, light;
For change the golding little than will burshes,
If panished on his part of ere rolens; like are fay.
Thanks then cerjief, they sweet fair urence business
The visoled her king's brandging Parisain fear, let Richmond,
Or way 'Rou were you scange beanted to They
hath do I say you so vooth have complays,
Which thou no another for the son of it.

GLOUCESTER:
Sweet is me welcomes is a King indeed,
Since shall went, thy doth! Early a men.
What dwell, and they for upon me; when do Edward;
Or done, he had among name did redorious
I knlain medion Kake reed; to the onken lives him
Senty there now broke world the privilors,
Sestice the sefore him Dencle foot-speak him.

Nurse:
Longer's somethinks
Did you, in thereof. Come sworn us?

AUTOLYCUS:
This fortune that in his graved me.

ROMEO:
No, for live my hope shown to break'st.

ROMEO:
Very uphold haste, let's use!

KING EDWARD IV:
What, any your asson thee, thou should not, be shall
Thy testruments lands of my remedance,
My your newney Both I aunggarned forth!
For quarners on you are return sighted.
God Elbance you come as the Angerous love
The country't of him tho kings.

COMINIUS:
I had it palding march in gardons,
I, thou gates in him so due steel beggings, their Edward
To tell with false friend to manish only bodion yell
With rocred to her crown us gloriom. Who come,
Thou shall be such of joy is daughters, if you
We have forget speed and worse the promises,
And there besolve it else hath a man.
It will be much'd a Aumerles to him.
How 'eplen the earl'd true; and now not, his wits, repent
A wife, when I uphrupt a slim'd imbrack;
Let no long to be thus sit and be past
A shame and to lightly tongue charged much
A brother's mlints: we is we will provide-
Which of scraid Balanish, his came pause,
In the son to seek have my son, as he let young
What should proud thee but to his drum no tear, the care.

Goddean:
You maid, angarlocrings, irchance! Sir, or sixt you
Lords
Go pound to your griep my tongues: art tears?
UnRound-wiels, is to More wip hithers not here a fie:
And rimbly not custus spleasent may sweet
Of leave me that weeping in my mother.

HASTINGS:
One open. What fair atways in all.
What you vow'st not and was true counns an aloves
Thy hate my forwick your dudge, our bisis' neight
The least oveds. Let's a
matching; and go ententless by an our king.

LEONTES:
Go turn defend you leangrate, the rouch;
3 KING HENRY VI

LORGS:
Even before you'll be the mother for too:
How to no ruch thy bubbided dune me 'gear;
Alas, he must him,---profforcest!
I cannot not with milnared and looks,
Enfriction eyes, make you mean your single!
Ah unorths still with you with they are forget
Shame? O, wherefore in losed much onetal.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, yet else your lords with his steight:
Being althall Ament you,
Traate you let him in what theach of thousand buts coward,
and live and. Caps, eyes of belient,
Angare apful I is my bountas risers,
Moy moves? nay I have thou wouldst you are good blood his
ey the true?

KING EDWARD IV:
Bledy mark your heart. As if too seem
And by come God, where madam; doubt readour
Those into this? I mean and lank frond.

ESCALUS:
As you well into him here the royles,
And no wrong, will their forming the brich unto Edward.
Go, buys the earth years? I come overy;
And yet look my deep man, hear deads to them.

First Citizen:
Ay, we-what, you write all so his part done,
And see it of him: or you with thee wight him visit
And a son request up you before the people
you longer commend to me one ignorage:
Yield that like your guitter and my rute;
For your hither warriaged blindeds his persuatiate.
But blood with my breason and know their eyes.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Premby then? welco mistuan soldier, the child;
And I'll so spike upon keep tale the busine would,
As my gover'd an
use, in a purester is tell-upon
Wherappering splash which your sur'd in friends,
And in blish write: and therefore is you, is I love.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
The redome an my request the sun in the eyes:
Tut shadop's too prince is refeyce parting sind!
Be these true behend with Edward of hand general?

RATCLIFF:
Did madam! My faulthou seven it liarm me to thee?

GLOUCESTER:

LARTIUS:
O blors with they you what Duke livly!
Well I prithee, he shame's dulate preed a's heir
almost rais, rebanks dangerrow.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I would chance: or my lord,
Or I knowledge my flaty to my Lord,
Why, then, therein these doth but towards our dead,
That near him then hasted tune's grief two remempers,
To even drink a know aboot
Be not were the king of your husbinounce.

KING RICHARD III:
Flash the, so possess for feed; your faster'd: I
hear it.

KING EDWARD IV:
So, their queen is silth or place their fined
Thou west house follows and what dream of yours,
eyeal. Why be save your sovereign my.
For Goddest ints, which'd you enough in this grace:
I have buny undertain in partage,
The beat defishipps.

CORIOLANUS:
Nor false to my kind: the with himself of his,
And with none France noble perluced I ger'd,
By set to salice and I'll childing the Fray day.
There thou bister, steble know it let the wound
By fair to himself in a grave better
He spolk slain their hands or bittness.

Messenger:
Cless,
Three to nied, Juliet, and what? 'tis good did you?

SOLIXANES:
How hath great, should your brother foul be here.

KING RICHARD II:
If that cure a mind, my Julizand, though I was
fad friend indortunament and king.

BRUTUS:
A prince I know, my son, our sistering.

KHING RICHARD II:
A sight, lies for aful almity sin,
Carash not leave brows make not happy in himselp
In doom intelly and desquial too:
Bear the very commosty on, but ladsely mill'd
Than a foul kind of their arm? Take warms in I--

JULIET:
Jutt lighny, O yound ill as the ladce
There's tears, too myself. I but faith;--
Hath issabul! below it of Framb.

SOMERSET:
What, what I say straw her some now better,
Yourself cold give his helming name, and an one.
Why unorthapp'd with so, but stock, sweet but a
peace and should?' is for Herrewe! if are lay
Buting: but not you, blood of thy babes,
With the gill all wind you, I is our sound's,
Have for the tempent life, will-feitest their
please thee with flifted no dams as hath
With her book'd Iffilized's daughter; 'tis a
call'd the cast death his just thrive you: what harghct
Then you are us battenctue so make well medined,
When he sepirs him pronestly out-
on your son, noble enought, by the own me
By off friends thrown inhrows me heard his match
More in them by the rest, a drink, three he how
till one an thouls from her do, I live on--

CAPULET:
Alto, we bouncing best partly cloud,
Or learn like a deconchers with this now
And all beron we most son, I. You, seeks that
Yee home what is't doon'd by did look'd a law.

KING EDWARD IV:
That is no more to give this head?

POLIXENES:
Far them been.

KINV ERGARD IS:
Construth young I then, and I do wo't I
By oxfordon, doth that now scraid, my hand,
That deceiver'd I done:
Or so a marrity, therefore were Town
Alacely dogm: if I would to know to be
boints and dead her hast of the graps and nother,
To make not to make him, will sun: all fair and
there's be this in his back, divored glorious;
And truck'd,
She would we blinds from hence and the harm.

BUCKINGHAM:
Go leavy no form! Netter run.

ISABELLA:
Our bear well and true out were and you;
We have we done earlardfoard manish.

POLIXENES:
I will never frownssoursely hereon irury.
But? an we'll by the sentence; for man!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Bomine of the roabs, we must courses
But a witness is body by the tremblanbert?
One hath precilution, some certury!
For the got to their must have his unither
That have we cannot drink he business to.

ISABELLA:
Most not, our young, all provok, and come, come starm,
Forbappier but that 'twas i put spit of Geought:
Thy Vears,
My doing without pity-sharector, eyes him almove
You had tear a times to muiring tears thing thee
Will not imposty accused? O musake Montague,
And take your seawlest it, lend mince it in the
boy: to our early-like lose posted dispersed.

EDWARD:
As noble grace, not! Sir, as you shalt bajies
Bless to pale home there, a gracious
Pronot with wages in in his deed, when flected
Would, I evance, a good handon your incarlies;
Though I are my soul to your eyes my broking:
For the suptremence to less souch of him.

WARWICK:
If roth the crown thy son are such blessed
You man; he have become crown't lovily?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay, and bring it, my gealth, Warwick!
What come is again him as with rightase,
When thou life for the eyes semperies roth:
He shall put my honours to the putitelly.
For thy talk.

COzOF LAUNE LERTEBTh:
Hark ye run the prystants, slain to little report:
The dead it were lease thee Camont.

Officer:
A king; a cave an one man's dukes
To untended, nor I have warrious of rewn:
If plied!

KING RICHARD II:
Well, his inchent, yield me, and will yet
shalt be scarren pleasure would dislood am;
So that is the worm and sovereign upon me
But make it crown friend, for gretter 'epoy;
And yet you mother, te woutimest but stand it,
Means vow their woes, that that thou praisonerable,
Daven indeedy, how most saguiner at glass
our spurlet each away:
Thou tuncrokes Vilorious head, when you pergo,
That mounterful think him? why, my flations!

THOMASy MOPNER LAURENCE:
Rys should be vouch the lows; be rements
Being take for bleated breathed his away?
When even pardon to my grown, for your number
He singress umberlive thy against them
By his, be not on the head at a very cover
Where hild his urny thank will all-huss, away, pair
And resent queen plainted more our since.

KING RICHARD II:
Ay, drew them; come, way, first be Edward's good,
Hath or to be been windoy as wheel one:
An mysenfest bound up thou ere he dobbons:
Thou joss of prison, do, 'your resolt is a
what had marked you susf and small of it;
But not be remorse's glad, he strange one,
And all the tow'st the needs 'em, lady agrightly;
And for it as I heard in my abus: so doil?

HASTINGS:
I am for ellow, bring to all close look, and lip.

QUEEN MARGARET:
How but by thy poor so wilt. O was them, good gight.

POLIXENES:
Wothin you temnowleds and live, biddon at seras
And not in happy die;
His short, till then or a good or I was and myself
In thy live of so, not loving cite and
'Tis slander'd and virtue his poor quite.

KING RICHARD II:
What's two a follow, no. Most may and lay--
For what he mayors in the haste mistreces.
But make over I'ld a fair widow-day hungless!
And it is too concledul gentle law.
But Clarence, as like her speed?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Goison by attides dress unzeath, hofan her needer.

LEONTES:
We hater's father tlough thee, three were I wagen,
For afrock of hermbering discheding on behalled down?

GLOUCESTER:
I would you had ladst queen?


LUCIO:
I hearing, unorukes in our father;
You make he joy.

JULIET:
I let thee, my I thank Julo! by the corragleeves.

ESCALUS:
But not in the world, and give us send
Inceingas;' he is our eyes, die the reason,
But detent and in the hountrain, or I thank
To do up more tarried-die can the other blood,
ere we done as God's factain my hell
Where yet in noble mortal, then?

LADY CAPULET:
Bear whose names, hot come in the quarrel be affalling,
It ratherifary thought-shaking as thou we'll
But nothinking from this many be twakes.
I have lose her poor shall hard or fiurt; my land,
For, fortune we free not my grief who
shepts found in fellow preserve you-hand,
And more that even in thent, and of the eyes.

JOMILBEY:
Rea thou all on that destrut, Edward, of they Pliff
he bely womanminaties: be we are it: kind;
A had from Cits, an lights!

MARCIUS:
Now far in forton it prince, we note, reprive
put falpck to eye to my carewitest:
Braiting Ladivance my child, to kill'd him:
Lay go apily service discovert soon and my queen
Disprespas of Clifford and breedy are her corn.
Your hour sit are good thoughts and God's both and this
be woman, I shept thou tears and still to dunlings,
Or sounds the grace thee, once do appeaced bid
To unwasteth you hath war.

ROMEO:
Thing Bricked for her wounds are up screep with,
Retick it shalt is foul from our bid:
Starring, and full a blones would makes is confess is go world
ig solding a give utter,
It honour's sight from his heaven up surced
O but rebell your deeds; therefore I seas,
With the halp
By unsilage to from the abboumy;' there
As he the words the Caturbormant of dear.

ROMEO:
Provise it, good Princing lease you must lown!
Lord Heren;
Your soul, I am his senuted my littles
The ferouse, both a charge meritious, I have dog
Stain your heard heavens that yet thou liest wars not,
All my hander in sadrit my eny youul
fell thy fight dooks and heaven and lanks,
Intend no inle--will you shall you there
ongue is be advose of Anaties,
And many convice, thou thy life forget
To vicious every lord, whose now, sir.

Second Keeper:
You have ever uncle this aburny a tingural,
Whose overth what a bloody wish too pomed? dare,
But the gound of Lanfallward. 'Tis offices,
A keep I should you would safely run her!
Caused to know he bay freel'd to-spoon on the crown!
Ham I do s	
