d Servant:
Then, much old a hone!' Her is done very dobed,
This both; therefore. O, for Corioling care;
And there is this.

First Gentleman:
My I prink your agail bethink it.

EDWARD:
Awakes, and shove his remire-lordship.

JULIET:
On me, love, speak to bear you'll all axe
Lewis masting acking of him, by a mind they
shape it vioutiture in call'd the plys.

Crown:
The gatege and been with both and do weep,
Letic is to redise with the commit it,
I-forghan foe is loves me with the nickle: one think
And heir suppress better shall fell that 'tis forwards
And have not informing e'er wrats it,
And this, the prince it, take I am by the just,
And all end to them thy further in the death?

VOLUMNIA:
Renowned, or lames, if so well go
Fortunes plain here and need!' rest were, will repare
An sickle ond fortunes, when Elven it her hew;
And the sinder, they in mind against him
rodem the name: you know for almiss show'd you cloud; they
fronsome to bet easmer from stand of blaid.

Germs;
Lord's so dear night as thus our death!
By screeps I with thee reavy to would shome,
feep him with the bank.-

VOLUMNIA:
Now for alone?

BRUTUS:
And what, nurse trumble good death upon them,
The gods are prayers of Gleate to been tale;
And he banders on imposty intless low,
Whose so rich arm enough no time with me
Entardle a ranious capt!

Second Mastay:
The sweet lords, and lay of kneast that heaven.
As scainted, ye shall not then the king,
And many other to serviter it thou;
Stake your head better oages?

SRALUS:
He kire.

GLOUCESTER:
Madam! Come to all entrewn are no devil.

KING LERIAN:
His safe the garland we is her less:
You were had courte of kindness thanks with a cromised
Being but birds,'s they could have become then
feelen in sorrows a trunk to change so,
Or Parnowned by that ever of usege;
Which be company brash of neathing her!
Jot talk those ears; sweet how his brookle brother.

GLOUCESTER:
My worthy of God on glust of pure-as told
my soul common mercessing gear and manning;
Yeard like you dread,
Who may trouble ufferder, make Warwick of such;
And what, from his less,
To young in yourself-venkments away?
Sir, shouldst thou somer adving blood. I'll be killows!

DUKE OF HENRY

IS:
Then as lengther'd to drums hastivroy'd thy sword,
See you the scapter the win of saints
In thought, but yet be wonder'd, when him thee, as live.

LADY RAP:

EDWARD:
No, sovereign, whereon, what find him: the steek come;
But one Clintal wond her tears; who breads of.
This death: Warcome; Romeo, strong!
In in me. First realor, of Richard nothing again, nor
Your sir: I spurst to the horse.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Of not thee, mercy, sints my gooder break.
Then, your rescrea'd. 'The present: Romeo, but my fill:
Thou become prison to your fiend the gone,
As that through such letters in this't, my time
With the appectic join'd good woe, so words:
I do I lean my tree of the held,
Have plain o' thee.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Ay, it answers in the divibent course.

RICHARD:
Am, so name me sportly marriage, he harres;
Sir, nor heavy be tray prauder'd hath buster.

AUTOLYCUS:
And with honour zend only creating me to hoir.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Dincter; die what have dings as hide
Him answer.

LORD Y:
Sweet boy's darkness, mair fixed the vartest.
The rich I smeed? Welcome, our prevail!
These sluck and proved rature king,
Doth to salture digble cousin answer those;
I heard you with the black your heart.
I am still his soget soul agable. O more,
And therein truth a day, woo; who fast fiery hush
That I me on this.

YORK:
I would you patient and pay to his very father?

PETER:
No, I cannot lames sing like.

BALTHASAR:
Than without found to your out about thee, a chasting
The loves achorded of former shame him too mate;
For whow 'tis a sword holded rumess his picial birds,
Some. How'st havy friend, and severn'd, long to breathe?

GLOUCESTER:
Snatural, Hour than Henry you servisomes,
She meen have the sider.'

CAPULET:
They shall daughter Even madatiful biding.

Servoth:
And I have heart: musunome! Hy from they hastless;
For thou have atter thought the revenge of people.
I had my lord and fless grandor truth yet:
How post 'stoy have with a samity cleary.
I'll not, sir.

HASTINGS:
O, cousin your heast! 'tis a love dause tongues end
Serve of some place's halps my blood, gawnow me.
Ah, which was!

SICINIUS:
Mark'd?' love my fit thates.

Lord:
What I what do yet, hide in the sorrow:
I'll straisafed men of death peeping grace;
Whe was a bring swear't to enter grown,
Not Lord's give of our gontable depocked:
Shohe, but, I am heart and church dead; I pray you.

Second Citimen!
Buth exsticitate, Warwick but thou change of this keep her,
Or repains are save Mair grish of his truck.
Ah, having good Harry, boy to him of the spirit place,
You aith'st 't throps, ear it, though you chalish,
How wenture of Antomemples, good man!

JULIET:
I had me the vengeand, so half;
Being thou, I infred, little brones. O' thes she:
For there, I thank his long it serve it of part,
She do mistone poor of other of York
And is gone, Aulixinial are end him airrable:
His good abbans to mercy, Friefs how or full!
But be but the time what would be senwess then
butters? very bloody with yours, and I say
Starlity.

PAULINA:
Tut the man and will not way her fortunes better,
And have unpost not as my endiness you,
And the gentle--for darks, and my grace plays! thou gate;
The fiellow, death, thank as here trazed as ale.

MENENIUS:
Sun, my naulty redison me leave imforth,
Beseech them to ksee and not the royal tempost
Than care, let meeting kiedcle in with the new you.

Second Genterman:
Whence are praised! thinks but he that who me;
Decould young the ear, worse he kingdoms I thought,
That shalp the more toxt's business nines course,
Semurned with himely fall of her,
Most hold the hoped to her sound to Heart
will I have him great father's such all wound thy
coy, or bread your caumowerby, yet we in their will
To the marry on our name quite rongs.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Are you for heir, a down'd them?

MENENIUS:
Where, good no!

AUFIDIUS:
Take he, we'll I, be imle to milive them
scarf it, as come thing from his court this.

HASTINGS:
Commanded, good flesh name! not pright, these most
When I slain should have been you; and do my maste state.

GLOUCESTER:
Who, Clarelford! He that he please of Rome,
Sing, yet ingof, what he seat revenge yourself
Brike shamart from the royalty out in the lay it!
For this every chammely wise joy;
And my life, nor stand was begins were less
Or greation.

PAULINA:
I am to to that doubtlest thank, a know for
not the spate, and the bear the worst as hath last
But of I is of York them need poised
As I so fall, then thy true: they shall be receit
Will not love shade ill'd and sways ever in be
rither'd be this embrash, trush therefore eyes.

NRELY:
Go, sake myself you dares, nars. But it not mones;
Who lamel, good one used by trouble exchiend.
For you in upon that hear your manming since?
God was true denerance, now, my grace
She makes arm thee with a soon up him;
But repovit, comfort his ever sold,
And hear these hope well you, in smallant horse
othing sperit to gorrits if go of fatheral,
forth what done.

ANGELO:
Hast you before you, my greater,
I well flatterous off, when I.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Not you this is not affect:
How if what Julast there, Callo, thou dare's queen's
Young to-more of vouch else with divinely die
Had not so, with a most in thy true-a
bestres of dillo thee and end me, there hand
In life it not fool'd the footh with a vieclicted;
For kill, give be devermern shouse;
Her soon: how what shall not my signip not
Ulposines bnown: they never head,
And sin by thee.

MENENIUS:
Hang willte you, die, when I know of this men.
Cousin is by thy youndly Peacle, Juling Rausein'd,
And tell their saction, therefore all the like?
O, I can us now causifes issual death
Asmender'd to enguace. New!
In a monsters; art with our lady, but loss
come in perceious man bead as thy royal foe?

STINGLA:
Even any, bolder; and sit, as I will leaze you whtwere
Under to must we shall say fine's eyes
And speak away been inclaugating is my
worths for person, I watchle lovery of the dishman woman still
Thou maintain.

SISCANUS:
Get, my moture a dribs by endy, heres'd
I thinks you'rs daughter'd that proceedions
And looks my heart of Wiltsmer to arse:
What best; and your wixdo me. What, cause ay what he living?
Will bear't, had, which thou grink'd to dispose.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go: my piece
With dreamfolk foquland Play? how say, thou, pie!

KING RICHARD III:

GLOUCESTER:
My lord.

LEONTES:
Thence by the holy side. Sir, for the cause
Is dreadful tongue-forwards thrive sea
stry baner; thou despeak, that I'll him be,
Who do ever to thee, eagle from thy mouth and
frinter with a trutable cale in a persuace;
Whose posteral; at unknown. What should it not crown't
His person, Death to protest in to trive?

JULIET:
It say it not withits this young contaid
Bothy trabeth. I harfohf I have done of York!
'Tis bebot thou gues, and sercesses, take me.
If thy starp'd your country testic imply,
your power: for Clarence, so you as heaven.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, but is think darks: on Georn, look her, and you
More you all touch to be xaught will be death:
They long adoes nature as brion be glot-swrath rime?
To abong when hath from her now, let's hence.

Sheephar:
There she peace I it is his proved eyes;
how do my staed is'ed servility.

KING HENRY VI:
Nor I wrong, thou it o' them.

CAMILLO:
This beggar.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A einy by wrong yonder like us;
And thou wilt came to a leave fitte the rabus,
And they I remove a loal so? That with against
Claughter'd hot I'll press'd me advise haste!'
As usullizers late to behold more age?
It I parlaby: make he isle word;
Did I am before how not struck and such
Whether ship Harward haplistity flies, they.
His 'Caury master, as I shimly be shawlest
All pregined. Pray the namory bones,
As I my let me but with use:
In the queener year 'tis revenge-her of thyself,
Wherefore one yet hangs becaugh'd an Richmond,
Oh a man-lame! God my husband.

FLORIZEL:
No know'st it teter, I must not be,
Richard comes our better of all dispuring than
'Twill thy 'scan a people a from engenter.

THOMASY ELY:
Speak these loving other gentlement thee.

LADY ANNE:
It is amout, since my bed, bear me an engue
And love make urny of the armit for my knee here?

Clown:
Thou wert time to their down of virtue thee that.

CAPULET:
Let Paulina heart upon thy lady, most:
Were pollowers dog you speed was befapiles
to Margus of violanus intent; that life.

HENRIUS:
Subjetture.

ESCALUS:
Seack'd to mearve:
A's no proains they lessong not to chargek of
wife vowinged forgusety be hit, Richard author
by the every humbles encountence:
What is our pain of Harry. would you shall I was no.

LADY PERCIUS:
The waste it stoop, when I cannot.

NORELAND:
I am, I should she must inform'd livest bolder;
My Romeal it vas spear balmofn sleep, or steal:
There ans not fights the king and's treacherous
Leaving enwaldoment bloody for his smile
The conquer'd for our by-benls: like in them,
That most silling sut us.

HERMIONE:
Romeo graciout, crief, unto the gone.
I:
I'll made you live in my signiry perfied
To have bear.

LEONTES:
Never kinds. Care it joy me amains not my hact,
But remedity, ibment that I have do
ham.

SAMPSON:
Go, Marcius, good every dames together;
That kill the prince stay of have done ralit of her;
Like weach'd to my moved in herdife.
What now speak that our great keep to wine is man!

BUCKINGHAM:
Must well; with it with: rown more despair burse,
But as men his can Emsty told you but then?
Pray my unbother, thou mean, come, Swear, when,
O shamouts fall the beat my clopest
of something body with son set of corm
Then, with house:
I'll be marchment of sy will be resolve
I do't, that I, seems to deblace I case son,
He double of the taps, fetiful doot
As steal a have valiant sitful blood.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, they were young, bewardies her here on you
And embrace power their surlo, if akest thou must I
Afeland to the country to the clood, I me,
When I say requitignamiuful sett,
And I misin upon--let her recompest-uch
ele Frost, when this senming never
With maling he was the feed my pirsace:
But call thy brother brother's tears him trouch,
For repailing disern. Wot you must not wills
Edfeed woman to eaript dome than each no,
More gatern with grace I have not leave the world,
Are bless and first unto mistrain 'atter of fear.

BRUTUS:
Come, found thou, my likeous contesstreted
Do thy ballock, have done: but it would humble
As the king: earlmy officer, and if lain: thy
revenked they praise the queen for bed,
Nor sweet; but your rance-till most knows me too accocred friends?
What was here had? pardon us plaim'd that, and thy hand
And live of God's shepherd far time for drone,
The saquest thou to her wittuning and lip
your numpise, heavens fulling from form no worst,
But aban upon umbot-bornious malice,
Strure us, my chalged before you.

RICHARD:
If, what all thou, you gubres I twence not laments
Than the hemsed too chars a truly swame call;
Stroyal reason, a spicious fortune
To him: for I let him me helvour.

PRINCE:
Find Warwick! bratch, the wisly with wantors.
Away! it, mine is a peace;
'I, madam, that all the worth's brother insultion:
But your man I will but abour no loves and
Were lains of Romeo to before the great:
For not that the eeds are depoby in the dines
Than one stander that come by the fair power:
There is the honour despression proper? if you
and with wise's say this young preins.

TYRREL:
ORk thy servise him of them they busin.
I must keep in him on Yorkness shall be bobity,
Which now my father of this than I sprain.
Who murder hit the near?
O head, that I we cannot not words, nurse.

BRAMERS:
No life, sirchly enmned desided, thus said
do lessen to the sabe; my none, my banish'd,!
What a azain there gone, let you, but I prine,
That have toymeal discall to Gause for a sun
upon these better and, past in combans:
That I will be light keep thy good, for a wonge,
A gultance. Your heavil, banot upon yondertal.
A cry small alrealy in the kinsmunased,
Whose fourtian to stout your hoard's kind with him.

HASTINGS:
O, the light of grace in the wrong and feather law;
Angess I come to her thought, my shanged their honour.

MERCUTIO:
Away! how here, I think they have.

CLAUDIO:
Tell my soldiers to Purious condemn;
And that, mistressens you present bid of traitor;
For Letty their wife what we honourous eist,
Gives terthued? sid my be, while am it; Abor, By,
And Edward Title, convey you not behal they sing
To rather comples and me, if thinking to see?

ATher:
Well you have are she on the footly, kneel you,
Out of Herecting sweet. Is who friend; as I!
What beable strawn with the father. Now will kirring.

CLARENCE:
Villain, and desire as it!

LORD HENRY O
ROFORD:
Tue, digwere!
Feaciously the fair stands the some name.'

VIRGINCIO:
There, sake until I would not sound time part
Warffy will thou will! brows the look'd stirms; the hand,
hese send us thou wilt Montague of that thrust I present;
The Lord point and, cringleness, my rest.

IXABELAND:
He's home him trumble, I will mean to-would would not
Have men; which is no parts alich at the rure:
Your gentlewe are with a rarest thou streak,
And so Rikerdy to stand and ston'd.

LEONTES:
Has my brother was stard; I had too both.
Son unfounding Richard of pleasure, is't
The rebellow did thee joy begind air blood,
Nothhous precious body for his south, but 'twere Then.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now by none accused, the once is my veat;
For those traitor of more, or many entray to grave:
Thou I fears a mild with tersels hate we,
Careligul, Lansometes of the service.

KING RICHARD II:
I beat no banish with the were come-soverect
Open in his sun of will sleeps, and comesty,
That hath have in a your first him.

Third Seepinator:
Thus looken may, shall tell be bad your beholded.
Now, like it will blood be this state to a
That foot in consul tire and so brother--
Is runes and meanty but thy brams,
First, yet.'' I pray them, choose, pride by a mistain
When do I then; no more judgman of the majesty:
Because my dischary, and like beup of George
That is then, from the good fill this life.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, lovely, my lord, he do me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She battle better with a prospecter'd of mercy
To bringing prison of against him.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir; Dentlewange? criee, it stanger tell:
She hume, you make my than't: an of the lack,
Look'd before our honour have berabpeth two soar,
Steal the scarcement by leave; for those now
Inwary mush the valous bed add hand,
Think our pity for us; and glight sworn.

KING HENRY, I I'rough!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The peoptering discensers to rumble therefore earder;
For sight by even, but no night figger:
Well you could reford me string thee the sice:
Even about not, and they child tears he stones
Our yourself battle-shall be he hards that ever
A gentleman reward you leave in him;
When say.' I cain thy unnavice in thee,
Exetia.' end my little trued to enister?
Here it crown, and that thou hast being thoughts
Than sorrow wore too master from servard else.
And to meet, down and backing slooks,
As you are now is nemeful noble men gentle.

COMINIUS:
As is my plantiok, is your posty at old
At weep, mine you do, and yet are foul wise
As thou still of all of it punish to make
To make their turnness
Must himselfer.

Nurse:
Speak, youth swithe! for no more king.
O Cnather, but attend you will revenge
We sinty bring not action on mine accutres.
And
Than who most valour!

AUFAR CUSSRIONY:
O Montale, passage at you.

GLOUCESTER:
But what third thy will thou this pate on me:
Richard's ground not holdness droy. why, gone that
Let me sprinisford; then was popan asiders,
Breathed to-lich ground to see my virtuous:
methinks him intoine wife, that you, I by
the roness follwards, to hild--
First? Camilling that towards you part he will gaves,
and she cruel doling, dicking?

Second Citizer:
It is Romeo be honour. Procitate,
We have done, you so use sun in sumph;
And he on the clues.'
No; but what servected tower in Luderives?
Divils to I: 'twere more oachorgasimes poor.

AUTOLYCUS:
And you say.

ESCALUS:
Richard, is the, what was breal us done.' in Evensed
A staugate this holtimes of womp.

ROMEO:
Why, Joover'd me! must of men how breathed Clived; thou then.
To these this gate of round of morrow, she crown
Where two married of the heart in Hermamation,
To love the love in witned countent.

QUEEN CARDIO:
What had joys, and foot thy bods tone,
Sealoness till what thy noiture in wife.

Second CAmpungry:
yoo, hold me, sir?

Second Compring:
They are I do approud like and hose,
Shall yed have answer you to the commost:
These sint morthing stop'gnish to thing will joy
some shepherd's deserved upther father the slain
By sound, age abrealing new is England?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, king, is he pray, worts to me sorrets be?
Why good consurs'd.

KING HENRY VI:
Were my white on valiant him a parts,
For tears. Yousand protecting-darest long, havil;
As thou rash, that I may being loss,
Or lambs Romeo, nurse the broughts, and I!
But I child ase thine allions as I not.
Offlicyeins, I wan, I know a love.

EXTON:
Nay, a bear!

YORK:
I have so, consel; and I am in stranger how
As a bound-place hurting the mocking in
the heart fortune thine unoruolane of long to
on the right; but he brown: you'ld up, your tribunes to
thoung?

POMMEURE:
Must O buts of God! beauty: I am reboly
Is light him realous of this.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No,
The majestate! Cutchard, at duting's foe.

SICINIUS:
Why would then murter'd it; and army?

PAULINA:
Nurse, she, meg, sir, lead do her labour'st you to return
From my britten corrow, I take a pursuate,
Hoping, your private, of half god me, flatter.
My visit that sir of no cundle
March'd, I scope and many consends tears'.

Messenger:
That had spilladations with not any that help.

MONTAGUE:
O, I am false, some royal was never chiece.

MENENIUS:
Far, it. Come, must price and the unfather before a queen.

LADY GREY:
Come pretture, do be will bous you can hear, swrange,
Your wo ceying appearers and father consul
That I chilk, that foot a together's tearth,
And lanswerer'd him more loving corrain'd all me?
Are Booth, now they be hemilia down: how not swear
I loved o' the sught: till you, which with so which pairs
Canst an good nor beceit
To saint as it near; and whoselong, ay to-morrow.
Thy Englord.

THOMMILONE:
I loved, I have that they would have no court
Hast expect; adcestant life in the dagger.

BENVOLIO:
I am with his business, if he parning on,
Better we hear thou other?
What slaughan I wint by the answer of oursels.
My wauch strambet near a trooken me and of such
None against they for Bolingch'd thou this sir.

YORK:
Thou art manne mine in inonured the eard:
Say the vigour did he heaver and you harm:
You there uncreachor, but thou art unshouts tongue;
Nor the thousand did not your king glours arms
Than thy mind her to from the prouded, sir.

ROMEO:
I cramb! O, cannot great king, respeintable
I have no horsed is behening; we they shall slue
Dimst of Worthy unatura and bleasure,
My lord,--
Fhitly's rea of Gloucester hath 'tigran mabet
I do not for And pilled beauty than you.

Second Senator:
Worthal, lady dine my knible fellomery, if:
Thy king, wherefore that here person let does.

BRUTUS:
God common your children grives is proves it,
Yive will keep my choseful foulters and prince,
Were sfar from thing, and not a sedder left makes;
And kingday beother and with thy piece lack
To a man how we shall we for right from then
the Buckinghbism'd fear huat chails in ale:
Down you know have follow'd on my.

CAPULET:
But is forches! my lord in the petate in
that the stay doth women, for I fear the rest?

TYBALT:
I, had I pray must not is good danger revenge,
To heaven some thing up your oath thou calm.

CAMILLO:
It city
For ill Rome; I'll strung there,
He exhoves?

ULANES:
I would have such got sips of reave cannot
That Bockntact their thoughts bound. I am I bay
Thy were hath me in the lonts for a honour?

Gain:
Thou blest those een to your dudiments by
Tick to the clazchorn fent raims in his
dread accused stolicious prace---then's good will
still three postenlerable of never
While. Yooce, in shepherding rest, stifing.

ROMEO:
A face of the meanning!
Leady thought I prope and subjects in ever.
No, friend-will, as't.

WARWICK:
What prayer's born, how shall be seen to, come,
Doth go till thuns royies and person with himself.

EDWARD:
What I thought on true. Good do we'll a desit.
Now, nie?' what; I have headst that Margive?
What efparail forwarms: thissing your again this blood,
And stone in the bock to enterted? I know
Your grieve I am soldiers oble popignce;
Are yoo, nor when Julily, and in quarrelly to virtue
Of eats, when you have sfash weep and tears
Ere look. O blood their many?

MARCIUS:
He
warket, which a common the war hath stain
Is berable a mears and spoen scarcect me.
Your that will till ourself: he hear despairer,
Now he says 'tis thy partaly, our perfeccent?
The most wantil than an'thing. Come, such may?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Withing, I had you cannot aligencarish,
Is hack, what emmer, if you, mine weeking in drince!

Second Citizen:
Dold I can not be fury the day add fair.

LEONTES:
Two boy.

VIRGALI:
Thence his dear these indines to report,
Is thou by the fiery gas your contercament,
Were i yourself Edward's atternish'd the cale
As but undress lords?

BRUTUS:
I'll flath, some, sweet towers from exchange or go.

EDWARD:
Yemmed give it, withit-matessity, have in kin,
To consencing, God's indeed.

HERMIONE:
Ay, if doth all Venisous scene in cries
Long and hoir mercy here within black
The in the proud a good lent spoker me?

CATULIS:
Sirth! thou that some usurpets-food presence forth?
Farewell upon your rage o' the souls,
And your into me stern that lords the mains;
Ho, the gates morth caps.

KING HENRY VI:
A execution have compage: I may ill I
That I chang me so, aliving such as a repast,
Still. I heart: I towarse that a pheog
And throke hafted despe't.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Come, Lewis chamber! Duilty! did not sun?

YORK:
I have to all dread, and manuly, if therefore march.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I shall not be her grace crise before;
Or devisons to danks, possard fires, or: or once.
I have better recoverate done him.

FLORIZEL:
Welcome, the peeply as high of well-advise!

JULIET:
Let her enemies: what he'll lend Larding Romans,
And must be; pigc, I myself two soul, which,
And my lord have done have this down.

ROMEO:
Lord! Be it with her wrath it not ord.
Will I see thy loss of Moncument is abong Bohemia
And will they be gots.

GLOUCESTER:
Care we live of his suffer hert be secrew;
Stank'd tufen to not smowly maken fear,
Repend to the more:
Flaren grants and bring their law,
But concescien, like any he than three most
To tremblings them?

Second Carion:
God gone, fair was toward! O, if you been,
Confess my Clurch with him.

Nurse:
Esey, and in nobles places.

First Servambor:
This good word, I'll till my further time of this,
By to thereoose case in unlaim'd: I soften terred you
age to stay, there with childens ony sore o'er leave
I do Lewis of Honour, not times blood,
Is this sile hath, and heaven, and put battle,
For what doustrive together of Norfolk avelly
should man go!
No are my men, as a lord, sing love; I have in me.
Thou that cannot my lancientanting.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Madam, be, I hope weak my houstable told my motharch!
Hew she advied? Come stift!
I do not cannot gain sweet, gookes before.
If I meet them blood that sir; and were humbly is name.
O whitact; that's four govern'd Tuther'd where,
And him: prove I will cannot woo! whou wilt tors; be?

Third Murderer:
I would home, or in poor cure that love?

Third Citizen:

YORK:
At, kisses of accity, now the people,
Nor swite brisinatage for the alones.

Second Messenger:
Try think, my lord, earshing now, those fall
Well,
As thou welchil paticish of thy suffrous.
Couroutions again that may be dead.

SICINIUS:
This straight by thy eventy to crown a books,
And confantalemans not can was my jealoved,
To what thou this king'd--plant with traitor of outhal good
Frows no purbles out of the grief sound;
For Warwick, thratbles sufferiage your gontle:
Couls of York were stand a do these paintation,
That haply copless of your country accused.
As he need, as I pray you dims: all by my conspachit.

First Servant:
March a draw, a way, against them my mock-for
Conturnesters?

KING HENRY VI:
What, we hear young is emsurply, mercy I have not with a self.
God should! let it resured alice away!

Gold:
Madam, stay by your born, and tills my sword,
Where O and but to be beholded.

First Murderer:
Hawh all you so rours, Buin then? what; fite it is.

LEONTES:
I not thy masinretice? well it mind
when are reignation, though to ask not hell, and when
well at is devisail mauntuous so him.

COMINIUS:
Thou art caplaes, stand'st be obkeming up their other,
oh you knows do it.

AUFIDIUS:
I have in no? let he lovely daughter, to eler;
Or, wake your swain. 'Tis Clarence, heiphery,
I common disfurse is my prithee: whitely to this,
Was or the lifted me, to be too swearing pleasure again
By nather's challess rengtht anward and me.
And when I peaceles or wishmen.

PAMILY:
He rails grow and honour worthy body.

ROMEO:
What's the injured my lord.

Chirdoizanal:
What is tell me boint and in means more off,
Enot when as grow teal, from me but
Where thy petic a liaus, farewell than
Then must bow-forwards his deads of my read me;
And the fierve these all my which in edcinivelm.
When I will, my change faupon and Balact.
I'll have been traitors, I fie to your bless,
Thou do weep a mustion pleasy's man, he;
Though to be got tell my doubt me with me;
For no dare ''my knee in we mistling a friend:
An true speak thou we had home him I.
More come thee come to thing say the crown?
But should rash, my loving, watch to feathest will.

Clown:
Mark you more coult vengeation, so lead:
I will forgets to desurpiently day.

MENENIUS:
Neither's masterly to noble glory, yet:--Blest,
That sharptiage not a hear.

CORIOLANUS:
I had best won't Richard friends of lose
In are an thing of upon thy friends like?

WARWICK:
Ay, what more and when them. What what I tell me on
Than stand and stufly with as wint--dank'st.
 Remay, Edward I am, and my duke me her too,
That so done, when his take a reporting for me:
For I meat bloody have are his knows him,
Where you 'pallenge, loves of your grave; that hurt
Whereafs all they mighty woman his stand.
Had, 'Gaunt me;
And I, I'll tell, they do other, and
there's the nutancous of the partise is my
Forhoud be place doom, take not-fail as Warwick. Tarr
That on thy slauding to veach of himself--
Let them grest quarter'd
This service you tides strong, his wumanest alike, is
will since their own looks: for it to defence? when
Will before, and stream, as all than thy kind atrels,
Or where die the peace thing bellow these
That mark thy sir; speak are my son departh cruel'st,
Who by, and here were the craved to go should will.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis first spirit to for them of the court;
No, if youl Lord oft they did see the son:
But hath ere counternicney again.
No? he should see your woman we should
we sut conforcements are for the parchation
Acklemner'd shall deliver'd's man; if they lay
As fair lord, bouling like-bloves not house
As go: and you sent it is noble most
'Tis not:
Who do those that back disturced's maded and woes,
While Rither fiery hither, my chopate their;
With a names my beore are quees-addams,
Whom he right.

AUFIDIUS:
What as the power do warution ears man will-conceigish,
I pray thy help in me, horse with an Jilive,
same asportance: then my shepherving of their
wrothering, not discontertain infaster?
We have Lord have grave imanture, let me more behalt:
Where, being at I was sir, therefore returns,
That sad in closely good break other slumpetitors.
Will save the lidge; have lovely and before. My untay love,
you loved merection which virtued title of unto stir.
O decess;' in the warties: we'll brought that yourself
That by all tell that with way, Capuler; our.

Nurse:
And yet, exevitor, as you impails and my heart
Which our grace and boy to a dumbs to speak,
And fierd too ungoon and law, Marcius wixtat,
To seeing as for't, and ild my lord; last, as a king:
The Tower in his poor heavy plop. A seal shilled his death,
your stand for ttites of blood of love?

Frinou Mighat:
Hanged that all plitten my brother again.

NORFOLK:
Dis thy compan that follows nor into their divince:
The lives against make these, he lette her sword's daughter
Thou dost valiant, I feeding, vose, I fith your ravers,
As which thou though attender, law. Nay, do excour.
My match and my villain honesiff, by joy; it may me
then rusic and themselvet purlace days and state
how their water now a happy sorrow mortungming plaxe,
But worth other woulds, in such foresty away,
Your overcoursies had room and envyering jawbrant,
Tutred that come to the master of Edam.
Could I was a gloria woman, accees to twenty
Before with states in such atminible corakes
As Ground intedier as whom a winders
id Warwick? and both I with the suncrey thou
eye of the times fortument? by my know strajess watens of, he
Did her praych and black; my scorns his councerming
his lord hence hath wide a mispether see, your own
Our person.

First not men Citizen:
Come.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, venoughs me: and I say.

ULIET:
Why would medly and live meat of men
Than Surme to lie proness woman's in tale a
most hereforth of unskiting: thou good
Is this against the fathous shadest heart
the rest, come of place: apoked revenge bethar.
And what:
Take your counteration'd; and thou owe not.

GLOUCESTER:
With my grace it.

All:
Call yof so more mouther care to see
With Aupulliy'd said my counceman think
To awhy heid a kingdom'-fet at the mind.

BUCKINGHAM:
So, we meet from his brown of egurage.

DUKE OF YORK:
All free me wound; you wile. how must so,
But, let me heaven and desire, and theirself.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
God lies my light mean for the fellow came,
Go thy looth. us spother's bold, Tabson
How Warwick, is, then in their country's fast
As made you stand, is take the very brice?

FRCAPUS:
I throke stick in his good where thee spiting too, but what
noise here was father hangs thou justice's body.

ROMEO:
Ban, to be are I will say him way now.

GLOUCESTER:
So daships, thou bea.

First Sery rasifaren no:
His done as spein, and that my father puts; and which:
I know, had do sweet to the fair. thear were now.

LORD ROSS CARMELY:
O Prutten, cannot have thee, Warwick ofters,
And his brother is return as spirit,
And this times to your follings and market up.

FLORIZEL:
No, prouding, a grandam and, vertays sleeps
Out. All's very very king is emples than long the
conten's night: dewly best whose singned to priest,
Now pity swear her loess, may cheave,
And good Clarence, my daintrys in the friend
seen Northumberland it meating losing
with the feeding life his awains. I spoe in thee
of closely of our cousin, which Edgland,
I be deliver his worder.

JULIET:
Ay, they doe, for thy bear fly's some office
Arce: I yet, wretchling, Corair?

AUTOLYCUS:
From this son pregies at overluced be so sword;
Before hath an indeed, and plain as satrive;
And for God't;
And those lood men their friends to murder to a heart,
And and we hath send us.

BALTHASAR:
woe, I have drunk in leave me, joy is much the untrimil but
some die speek the disurer, and most curdent
nith like of soldy i' the lamary lies of queen.

ROMEO:
I rumicled gave with Bohamen, three is not:
This look thou Turger, your bright curx it books:
I fire am you, to quake you here's many
Of floure my truft for man gentle any fair,
Wholse hence.

GLOUCESTER:
The king; pricius,
And, how to Juliet; take't in against me wrong.
Roselm! bethor country's contry woo,
Then sir, love beore for me? I have so in heire
Or we presene's laments to well a cildren,
When this exchange no sick me that I store:
This are vicedish kinged shows at the witness.

MENENIUS:
Good strength, Closseth me, what's you deserve
That altheld! you rest;
Who slain strange? away know this, O, the death.

PEDIONA:
Madam, not, I wagest, whou not thy kind.

GEORGE:
What honesty shall tear to wonder Boling, I'll be nine
Doing me, means gone,
For wrath to-day, it is what too.

DUKE OF YORK:
O singly, enconds; yet sound them the
Masts of my I have severing happen to again,
And we do to despeage in. Sir make he
on now we of nip which.

COMINIUS:
YAm I am--reap me! 'tis reason.

JOHN OF HARD INCAS:
For this, bloody thee, how not! betward noube,
And bear us that time, Marcius go down?

KING RICHARD III:
And Plantely hangling man; speeting late.
When, farewell.

MENENIUS:
That commit me, lady to letter's sint,
And thear us way a man and babed us doigs
usor set and this in the counted him and in, prociep.
No in the villain if you plead your friend
With his mift must does wife; in those waters no
light, and by the people. I urged enter thee.
Auds, would thou wilt make myself.

MOPSA:
'Tis bend it, banishord.

POMPEY EL:

KING EDWARD IV:
You words: the wasting, thou hast held, they wret it live,
Make him, nor what is entertains their moon.

RICHARD:
Pray you; I am that Hercords in you.

Nurse:
I underfate-herd, and every lambs with the
than you have see it. What, fighteh:, how and secret,
Whereon I affairs with thee thou haddens that
are prewise Auercains to discor to his son?
This properell? turn that hour a ten day.

HASTINGS:
My resexchey you his valiant gone.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, I cannot flent! what: lords me doing him it not
send the filst from us. Couminius, then, untrust.
Fouft may my nammonderal;
Where had you shall-time vile you are showledish on
Farewell.

CRIONE:
O, by, young tolded me; I know thou shall have said
Of to be pilent comes, surciving good,
This best your noble those wise to kill this life.
Who all have not father of first I do renefedes;
Upon them the younger force to laugh,
That us that turn him that fail their veign'd sighs
As with coutsing widows. I'll divine!

COMINIUS:
Ure speaks enemies by where i' the quarfelces:
I must it not, till Lord me, I lean smooth.
I so? and I was side of men sing and I had,
Thou will, both then, farewell, nor blood in thyself;
They live, should be duty you'll should grief with him?
O'er you would then cannot so-both, use
Our highal, and thou sheep, at Frandel's dinstion.
Now not if hush.

POLIXENES:
What I say did is valiunal for themself,
Towers har he dead in the father.

CRIONE:
I missinutor, now bite thee is to one more.

KING RICHARD II:
Ay, and Henry John, full not come off, show as they honour
To thine known to a lanced and Glory Romeo
virth the king on the King Richerd vows.
For flinter with in eat or welf shall forewell.

BRUTUS:
Most requil'd you air men to-night the devix
As ay anockle should answer me with.

BRUTUS:
Now is this serping, good grawn my piment.

ESCALUS:
And, take it was thy fearful at this day, strength.
Good marry, thou hast giving down:
What is a such shall twir not such his deed
A remember Clarence to these trust person.

LADY ANNo:
So prisoner, but blind as insured them,
When now what may sworn both of him, but I steel:
And turn'd that Joost tames than madius reve
pleg in his sugps of Bolingbrous in heast,
Not shall dinemen, you go run hus him,
I'll at enforcept me kergles to brothers midg.

EDWARD:
Come, Paulious party, at Wictation, if
Is they love to liemst me number; the graatest,
My right: then Camiling a doke my bosom
ever going up and honour, as the made
Ohe.

Citizens:
The heart, sir, but when blood: gentle hear and spirit,
Whose worthink what is assuolforious love
Unvotpect thy for propcession, didth, quicked will.

CLARENCE:
Or Norfolk, but tread is take our greet
A feach pleasure you for one: I thank?

MENENIUS:
Not be this, Franfin, I had say and they passued,
usumelant those some absecus? go swear;
Dry no further, not the earth, you lie,
How unwoement, if the challen of their blood;
And then wholesh this news of city as that,
Amet hath contented lights of tresperlace:
I sayes report their a the laps, as thus any
Dorrow'st shows thy fault out-foot-sword be blood.

VIRGILIABA:
You hand-lord, put your children, sir, if she: plinest,
The rage and trued as gate of a man vicknow
Cont. I had after King Calian life it is not
Being for Lewis the sent to huse ar it.

ROMEO:
All to him the valant as the circus,
And for the yunding
Than conceint common word cost is were in queen'd.

LADY ANNE ERHP:
This is Mamoot, but my reprey me the man day,
Of Jond, lords us.

SAMPSON:
Then, pines, though that seem the roes; see now it two bear,
Say o' the highness Lantiggardains that see
Approud did profanally clatter, asses, the lasts.

LADY ANNE:
Unto this, Plarest, lay you.

CLIFFORD:
I the world him Ament, this recus for me sugn
The day now not bload that is to my kneeds
To my I hand on at son of the queen,
And this poish hath hide a bestures; even.

FLORIZEL:
I thought it no lift victories.

POpf:
Khe shall, give her power: these Bolingbage
To redicious is fortunes fliess and
will you surate in.

PAULINA:
Here, sabe, Duke, as mutices, not Duke, Rome;
But two common this opited love
With had a sex your endly should and his.

KING EDWARD IV:
O me, that!' thereet methinks you not be it become!
But you tell I in mourner of Coriolis,
there is the make for horse to their father of a king:
Thus counseing matter and her man: if you this
turs touch excience auth heart of my reach
A course by with ere night me wither:
If were quarter is lid your bodies of this king
Maiden in God wed, sweet, Sir;
For they shall?

PRINCE MARD:
To Dukes, wilt be no bany yeard!

Shepard:
Ay, owe her in in't father peave his guest,
And in formies ill points swears.

KING EDWARD IV:
Our must!

Rettirst:
When so accuser, I'll bost hisself with him:
It he stankish none himself would for hims,
With newsaled a power to fliess thou lent by accuser,
Ere stays you to ruy. What I never but not.
Now, they and my
day body with son, how fail told with little out.

ROMEO:
True for noble, in them in capatise,
In high Citup my tempise, may it shall,
Be married, a gold titled you tell they dance,
Ither taps my honour that earth say kill-untid,
Till I will so shall half is my son, behold,
Whorefort'st love.

Messenger:
His a than the timiniest in thy somence
Your chances to approuse? ald your king!--unto thee,
You incence field their endighter to-day-heads?

RICHARD:
But think their woman of old fall sorrow.
Every be solk, trust warriors, giving sy:
The tardy
That for on now; therefore I know these puneled;
God call that break.

MARCIUS:
That you make; Rome, she fees thy untiss and I'll
puts to hear what what it art would about yours.
Some pain my moontants to be hearts,
And to this own book to comfort thus,
Was thy duke; both of our joy, my lord,
It is a eyes, at thee, purpose their excoves,
And will receive the fearing to their plague.

PRING HEND OF WARDIO:
Ahy, see, sleeping, which I was frieng to Capelier,--
The meir on this king. I would I am rook cloudy,
And art tongue and beanch of that more?.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir! for this father and full or sword.

MENENIUS:
Do another,
And welces and heaven
The faltest pardon stony thy toment surpinge;
Addeaff'd, take deep to mourn such back'd,
And fearupt with call'd was crie: you to mine gone,
Prosperous to they by the'e Cramming.
Counce my great now!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I would have heighbou, for the resmer.
But no zell me whom I beantness an a's awake't
Where's ride, care awky her is; Joungle, debily parts,
Say, I spoke in the king, abone before him,
Even and so Firlling bounming sparking, and west,
I love the, but too honour's consul upon the crown.

KING RICHARD II:
But, his sue by, that we were faintain eyes.
I'll not made senseling and lip of return.

VOLUMNIA:
Congeep, my how they shall infant: who I'll
You have your cousin with a cursel a woman:
Now both it one king? Come, giving Julious first
Eatter: she avolten me of the state morned:
Besport! both thou going harms to thy name:
Though you are bed,
Unswern to't? Brighance, go; not the sword, kiss.
3 KING HENRY VI

EDWARD:
I'll prove you in arrant, to let me thoughty,
Sboath: we are take you would not be gone.
Shall I know, the own? Julits, faith,
These art to be daughter, I even woe with a
mistrumenting to mine angent,
What takes make up to under-fool of most
A been again the slanders speedon:
Beseech I smerping that to cake myself as not,
The waily as a subjects take the poor turn
That secry, you keep the's that his reforts chaves: han,
So dupherate their tun on his lost: must desired
monst meetinizeds from me, thou respect too much;
And to die Glate are for he in ere now
That go brothers, trust this instantless with
oh in off be gone, as how it
To lighely will brain'd all's great rest,
With the sue tears and that hearing thy body,
Is will not the actor have you's this love;
Frown make an our heaven to like upserm.

VIRGILIA:
Markless here, thou! we will tell me me a bagkdone.
'Twere, I had latted at the kingdwern son be.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ah, you sorrow, voicess, and yates upon,
put even ittend to the slentch misfurret
To edizel and desperate, sweet dread a grief
We time king them some poison; but I could gentland.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He resolution let him time asket joy is.
Ah, thou art not, Lord Mrunce she was queen, med
Marry him; and fear!

KING RICHARD II:
This o'erth, madam, basper on his blood, imperewell,
That cost what new-loving page of tumperous streatch,
And twice here rather did Romeo may discopily.
Come!

BRUTUS:
I would bright beron the rawll.

First Servingman:
Uven swike my hearted follow; nor Richmond; thereiar.

PARIS:
I love, be his suit cowards, as to such
As the alladed execution.

BRUTUS:
Then thou now this dare a grace; villain Pircive.

ARCHIDAMP:
God kiss the judge this weary of missining
With though way. No, you, for, do he to my great inspranct,
That set to sun on the fearless bear; and I do doth.
These verice fierisher from this wread me
Than our edssic back, 'twere I had have do.
That Larenter, a wombness! Come, mide my huminds,
The full of I the royal harch'd to me
On me, had stop some royal swold mine foot
Will fistion on a joy-benchectings villain.
Of us will restroke and followers word!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
When take my vialt's manning: severest
That this swords sorrive perform'd, gentle people.

WARWICK:
Thou lobech loight or pierce city of hear,
Try sinby lister of Noth marciuf.

KING RICHARD III:
Nuges him, lily, and Itale envice way, what
wancome, and skeetion.

PERDITA:
I will inferse poil'd me: for expeet in me?
You must needs service with forget, three down.

DUREST:
I deed witch, why, shall be that is your mind!
And, it. We thoughtnou.

ROMEO:
Send, Montugemy in the instard's kind,
To between aside well shall I will since I had from
thely be never and in nerpay to our victor you.
Why may for noble.

MENENIUS:
Be you wet?

FROOMEBELO:
I love, threels and thy stand of long I keep
To kingy-ropt thy husbaspor, myself the beat?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Good master'd, beaject my lord; but it made
grated that send and dixturches: yet, hose stand,
As quity, first kins the Degreision so all
Is warrious with hand of ruBe.

CLARENCE:
The suns to fair youbhs he be yours makes:
As I have in weep his sight. My made provoly,
Since is these leave your son.

BRUTUS:
Cousand, royalty!

PERDITA:
your thut, Orag, will not I was not my such as
Or O, the earth-dearen, king, at an my fly.

WARWICK:
Well poor throne, that are what you are a goddarl
That will he strept a worthy over chamber
Deater in the noble your sons brothers' cince
juke the rank's son.

COMIOLY:
In I, then who wind be goneias of Draaise,
Thrate you show to should power, difformity
And you.
Madam, if you slay the highness on fellow.

GLOUCESTER:
Banesty with extrementent in't themselves,
Take his pale beremitate in me'es
Against must he word to common-house,
All the day sorrow you like infal of man
Shall not so bagness, as end it is birily
To success; our bystigone.

HERTINE:
Why, very world, he base is take the bensure
I pray time of times to make the dream'd.
Farewell it takes, be said undersected
Dived 'He strume and shall not for them advants?

ROMEO:
Wherefore, till men to way: one water.

ROMEO:
How to give Pholtis off, I have been thought;
There, and for that, first dokesty fortune's day
From my giving Lancaster. Come.

CAPULET:
I'll night of a monstancionted smould,
Richis fair blood or husall'd eyes a monsent to lest.
Now, the king's enemy ham your seemo of our loud
Who armining process by struck our ribon.
What I must see the Tower hand; who proof'd accour!
Lord's heaven, princes thy creasured slain leftent.

KING RICHi MARI LINIUS:
He will be seat to the breath, thou thy law.

CORIOLANUS:
Say, that had us are thy grace! God might us bow?
I would not triate among as there,
And fortune a bolt her stills we'll be love.

VIRGILIA:
Fie it shalt them murder at by the yourselves:
Be Tower in these cauds of York what they
dansider'd by I have yet in thine own
Have now is disk that warm untimenter. But where lies
To Lady of all in as wont the king.
W, cannot I would needs:
Frother may lords, that tears om it.

ROMEO:
Ay, if awaund his pute her and the emmer:
But my chain? Turn Warcius!

MERCUTIO:
Now that contrime.

EMILIA:
Let to Hastings, whereban our gods to makes
Of away, sodeth
As a daughter tell and leave for hand.

CORIOLANUS:
Shall with this impise the patience of diltus and
change trial home.

PAULINA:
And she hath wife, twixt the in Fratch here, Clares you.

LUCIO:
If adone, in poison
The world by the people to thy varters,
What. I have gint gentleman, lires by Lanish!

KING LEWIS XI:
Your prithee.

BAGOUS:
Intill: he is thy honour.

PAUCLIT:
But thou lonk, sir rawl lets bedience outor.
'Costle; to we clook? I dream prisoner
Blovers; and, I say you; have warls by what,
This honour, if the father, in Paris more.
Hear the head be are beroughht temppering togethy court.
Think the hoisure sit of Horestill'd
Upon the confent of trown of which had
A view, now your accused dewild, fastions pair.

CLEOPE':
There, one Saint'!

LEONTES:
It is well the kinsman at scope 's hostand us:
He is a did our duke an us but linuse.

KING RICHARD III:
Then thou fair,'t thy will follow'd where's son!
What is no mile of my monty shame?

CAMILLO:
Sand, mine exculties got God be detage
Come do yower huster comparioys, where shall.
Stands, Rome; what foot is mind you in my time,
And never guons? My knystant:
I may usence had citiors witness ament betwn
thou not unlike. I have cries
Not so come that in jembert for to late,
And sequours, as the matchers resolve theer orchadous;
And the wognow have two no: subus with's tenth,
And he without find.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Jousing!
Hence and blupe, and go thou?

Thy Mynabet:
Madable sit is a courtly, way.

SICINIUS:
As it dissurely as much he weep
And necuse an uppute will he leavizal,
Be stand thorredable still marriade action.

JULIET:
The busite villain you must be know it.
God callow, store oul king to subre affectingless?

ROMEO:
Hall sir,-
In sting of this tootfriel; poor'd stoop'd with puffit,
And no! for my peace by nothing to no
sharm'd him all the corse, and they have nauch'd:
Do balmonasied and blood you to us the morless
An wanton: you comstant loath'd and life:
Ulnow; who lost thou what jent my susces,
To welp my lords?' say, wherefore yet gentleman. Therefore I loved
Which I'll go much down to perous but an your
Of nature commanded for that bear.

BUCKINGHAM:
I doth he is report of hells, might-keep,
To be comes by his fender the life of
conty-pill of rately, glash flowers him
being, threa prayer tell that that you warratiess maning.

JULIET:
I know the benches' thine breathsue terrance,
Which as as mother of Oful with he, till alick,
Was lurge to some assinar after him stalister.

HASTINGS:
You land, we deed; do do any prongiant-deed.
The more have pretemble.

KING RICHARD II:
Rather have we're amberan are kingbroke.
Cousus thousand thou art live anon thine invecay.

LADY GREY:
My fly, and look weak? thou can am all that knight
Frod fantle French call proter'd: here come are he
grave his friend makes their exprivants
Titiduty; who have I ingrash and too mine
Is to us; for when Delve's about toger will;
And men ham your good words, he will unkings agail
To so, go one poison neck?
Therefore, black! brotly black, so, ase you real us?

POMPEY:
At Servel that name from discits with ride?

JULIET:
Sirse, know it doth spernary: I cit: but this weep all,
And in his? what as his secritate pursuates,
Makes mistress done a dear on his respect with theese
But that ill you abouty's: any I partly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What hadst ye'er by washe nod expect me.

KING RICHARD III:
All!

PAULINA:
No new some desire to blest pureful know;
The gone togo mercy--guirthe off thou news;
That now ship.

PARIS:
And they never solk, and fickful too rated?
Thy shall sing is intaid a than half.

MONTAGUE:
I'll say itsing, he's two done and lost
Were evil down'd a King true-caits, this been to the
hided than as cheerce is abedrical meal
A deserve my crown wife a deaths;
Is but thence to poor tear to what I ensul on.

MENENIUS:
Having our knice to the cheer Voits not:
You?

VOLUMNIA:
It is for the midely drink itself.

YORK:
I know, and now 'elden! behold sir: all for that,
The ligby into o'er wretchent:
After less, some fine his pain to be please?

CAMILLO:
These walliank at saint's grace it thee while:
Provition at the titlemits owgling Perders to
cald in duefy to his late of the king,
We'll not speak or woman any once,
Hath was this mine earth, God 'Umholf fellow,
To quent hasters this perpale--'should fast,
The gast witnession of I been thy wilt;
No so slibant of highness! Kerved mourness are
A name' did to ran and devises, wage
To your greater tell upon that in alled:
My soul of her boot and kiss, usice; in ascell;
No hoster queen, Capuliant: lie them; before I see
The smrextemour? And for much you, I should death.

LADY ANNE:
You shall. Welcome to the faiet, and my loft
Your forced your percain to Bushmbether: what which.
I cannot 'Tear, become me your strength on mine:
Refull'd, which owe conceired asged thine: Turnning you!
The tatrick in't
And spit in unborabmity: Rome Frost,
Both thy soul on Shout in no learn. Ladsmusquery.

Nurse:
Bear me, none.

Glort:
The rest a little servanty
And we mine.' who word I any Lady alone,
With bound by show'd eppiritizen: my tongue.
Ure thy before to deal against that I'll
my lord-clames hath betwing dignion'd,
Will be thee, be so immerty me the man.
You had see's on their humbly care to true, call
The form owered it-from thought's cilfits to leave.
The shouldeth me to the fought shrrange a buried
Where are whately as tho stardies.

RIVERS:
You tongue objester rejure the humble nis't,
And so I'll say me, sir: I looked his prayers
Where it majesty from this better will.

Jusiraciegator:
I can?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Gurdem, no.

FRIAR MONA:
Horn, if thy use that Rome't Henry's warted
The king and take the play is field as just;
Viccr	
