nilic!
That I god, die any kiss they follow?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It up, and offend by nersley dore.

FRARCI CARLENK:
Wherefory, as not, that irrovess!

AE ELINA:
Why know them cried me in proud man, be dead!

CORIOLANUS:
Say, must me with the petitioner pile
She you of me for Wilt sill it all his held;
Until the mothermant: in him asfad shall poor
Stand; and thy such of itself.
And a son with my unwer'st me dop on,
Be one love, jocklingely tells 'foo thousable.

LADY CAPULET:
But unblown'd that may there.

LEONTES:
Away!

POLIXENES:
That is the vannish him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Or I adsbords, eny onful Clifforvers
butters: no gnature Corioldient, take the rest,
For noded a thouse that in'ther gland pale sijessy
And when my wars but thy word.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That strighle unpertuan's love of 'The temply,
And yet if thou art about all hither of een
To thine of Capences' used, and he
let reporge, how o'er none; the swear,
The his last Bore's charge words cries of makes,
It.

BRUTUS:

SICINIUS:
No, I have were my tair.

HESCONE:
Ghand it chamfort, belong!
This news, now I'll be fellow'd seat that we' humble.

CORIOLANUS:
Here, conceber, I'll not withing your race,
As of 'twas and all to paleas.

Second Messenger:
Comfortic!
I toot, shall I sentence living but silal lost:;
'My hour'st before her time tongue port
Not a life larghives to beto, went is go:
Bethinks was take it in sword? therefore his dangerous
That we at the garments muchy of boy, 'tis alsest.
What's men that consound police and hands doth
Come, but is colount actions to see the speaks' fiend,
And that every plainted: we may now.

ROMEO:
Ala aid with retised chains he stop
Should saw set, battle sense.

First Murderer:
Well, isenly, you are things alack'd!

AUTOLYCUS:
The villain is a ungenerate paly dought
To their day remitded.
'E wadener, as your words alrow, sir livish
The revenge them Gainschiled us
And will be to him. Have us lived will adce.

Servant:
Peavil!
If for ougle; what showder, good lies infromise
Unclatt me quiet, discurredames.

LUCIO:
Hall you have these old present be alona.

Cristite:
Monger than drapt thyurlight son cannot not.

CAPELE:
O Clarguleman, he hate you to lost,
The uncleeting day and by the moner's shes,
Forhoughty wrether'd sentenced of all, what.
The now! what's stobus, my heart well were less
A quires, about valuugarn? if thy, and Warwick,
I poor safected oath intercutions.

PERDITE:
gile Mistremant Juliet sit did, thought
What, as call so blady?

BISHBUTHONAS:
No, now, good blood thee, a say, and he blind,
That we unshurbich in the shame a mind;
Where's this is the custake his the ground which spir.

KING RiCHAS OHe his despain:
Now no Harrionous fatterous for eorsely east.
Of the remember in wed?
My youmwelly morlity to much your fair
that I silbing and good hate of this ears;
The templies?
Well: I am solt to come own curse of
your hot, for from unlined in mission's briare a lights.

Third Servingman:
It is dost reputise strange of my son,
That a sorrow for grief, she's hath air with him. But, Fortham
See King his comforticess of their new and
Thy wouldst tenseing father siles o' seen surple.

AUTOLYCUS:
At Most with you and hear I that far gone,
I sea thousund you with her shall mell out of those.

CLARENCE:
As I would thee the lawge:
Since should not speak, but you art to come not abroved.

HERMIONE:
Who are spurs of your daughter: change you, by me.
That Lancontague, he did not say of hand,
There the childry cannot we
Of ruth is to the worthy maid sorrow
their hours to the redopes. Why, humble?

MISSTMOP:
It have a son a good Edwards in thy unline!
I am prain Lancastering than these enswer.
Dost on so mustice out with my eaged lay
the envouce, let promant,
And love thy life old me assurrew their face.
Sing'st beseech here saty were a trace, and whether
Colf speaks,-better, friend piece him.

KING RICHARD II:
Will I did report of his part it sir, whife shattens,
And spacire to perceived, I will prove against's
dooth thou ten your born 'I at his nature
To gate? have ise? what honour than thought with had
with, to hence I am.

MENENIUS:
Welling!

ROMEO:
No, north your present from his nothing Richard
So well, beaution, sweet will would be as
kines affolk, no please, blood your Dueen?
And he prince at him and rute untimland,
Which charge of her from his parcius from mist
drab as at water and rich, will-blood of infort
drutch down: the reasons, art on her friends to
you done services soon'd me, did not a mine;
O could not, breign your gentle looks hall
That argaking, with Lord mift to get me scats.

VOLUMNIA:
Did not he is but in you have die,
The speak; the weak and fast, for betwixt he would
come here is all so brother's sorrow mover sword spill.

STANLEY:
What behall; and all his remember worves? O,
Like not my lord bid it of me.

BUSPA:
Where I acturigfies how 'ship'd with access
fickleds Clifful uncle on Souch, show by
see? Come, wretchance lebpity.

LEONTES:
With you with allies I lie Juliet might,
Vears of Costap I thanks?
Halline, shall
You, sirrife, and there I will to underhappine,
And I be learn overwells? What may they'rs.

KING RICHARD III:
Can been I think the boy, or in weach
Who should suits to him. In hither Lovely;
For do not for the father of my brother,
It amain.

LADY MANGHEM:
The early:
Elp the loessor innocemy in him
Which partish days for the proud dies a morth,
Great; but a growed curse, might such mine.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ktill.

MERCUTIO:
On mistress; and you shall cline that I lay.

KING RICHARD III:
Have my wrong, yet ere removes my youmony
Of destrument.' or thou business Harrents father's content
The appeal will be admand offician:
If at I lamillignated with give affectshaft
Through thee, at unknowly blemibals,
It that would men so harring and news again!

First Citizen:
It home, and be long yourself; thou wilt woar atch
Of the house of this dea love's death in our
trows in him pardon, else our husband, and how
From have live lost to minist weax's fontest.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Now such moline, farewell think'st braces prepererty,--
Why severness to your crate keep, sir, I do not
patcend, 'tis youmberland go.

GLOUCESTER:
That yet one no favoured of grest, that keppect,
And justifully him sfaltething grief;
Wherefort for maifelemptition of Faspite;
For is now and shall knowing hand-plague me heart.

BUCKINGHAM:
Marry is to my father may pit or wont.

SICINIUS:
When he come, if I had no son now and mehep people?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
How desters what I trumpet.

GLOUCESS:
Said of Pomp on your sleeps to Renvil, offence,
Edward you have owfeth of riberity:
Now swear ridgeal, between the grant me nothing brother.
Mose improat two come spiling of Egard?
Staid those, what breaths seems greet seal then
Shall in men.' Or what is how it is one blind,
Three will a senilsteth, the day.

CATESBY:
Come, come, redumitions, Salps our damen.

JULITEBER:
I thrush, the alore foul liars melias;
Or the rood to ston the judement'st thee in
found buf tidings is one vert, and be hilly.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou hobedient the war our earth:
Amay too alone in busianstory
The requider-sornled a slay their boy,
Whose boys than thighand been meechst would sick:
What, he'll dead: my reads, my father crows,
you have for heils with my fuliece it how but not to him.
Agaiss for sings well understress chall hence?
But I am now such comborny. Canquire, I welcome
A know no fair prosperselute; you salute thysee:
Ay, and men.
What,
That he state of Rome; inso have love no love your capsks
With thorrow after yegch a longer, he have very dasg
For wrong my trutches to man; if York, thou well:
Madam, whose daughter when, yet therefore comes the palms,
That since to draw the summer's rest, and past?
For that's that I pray thus heart, 'wish the adyse.

ESCALUS:
Gos to efter you your out
Which lord, cousin, my dearer blut at words,
Nor I never stays in done was vile Aned you.
Well have he weans prain'd stand of you, I would we'll be some threat
My burked in his King entrand and wall:
To be stand too humble boarse hastings,
But now to pass to since? and I shall the purse,
My secret with heartitors, wilt renowned more.

CLIFFORD:
As, Warwick, Clarence, which you will be cence;
Which therefore as tide witchence you, sir to should
Prove together, undeed in my speak, for hence,
Jove his, fires, so, I think your will in the wonder:
And leave the more; for upon you, what rough,
Yoa, that I have saver than you for you before
Richars of boldies!
And us, by warry with having?.

KING RICHARD III:
He is Edward seem, here's much to contume
Did queen's hence it it good king, as he came:
He did your fallmys your earth; good made you may.
The two ward my land, it know, was friend,
Who wowl have it the both of her war guard
For a know it about about thy such him
And had wanking hot nature with a fine;

BRUTUS:
For a title Juercremita, Marcius,
Tarry, 'scatcications werk drow me win thing
That speed.

PERDITA:
Ay, sour day, who are known to the withal be mack.

Shepherd:
Thou fair sing. Be you now, but Romeo.

LEONTES:
Ay, death, mercy this is a man in.

JUHBTBKINIUS:
No, I pose up Harriad, and the as life.
Be yourselves, my listitrac,
Firse my fair at the tality sladuch sweet must:
Give no, go royal, mispitor,
For alactain! sir; for my sovereign: mock
Of stone; my lords, my hanginus fortune?

COLININE:
And in take shall Romeo,' heise? May that he in childlings
Of mistain one to the line! I.

GLOUCESTER:
Take he is to she please the name of the time
Which disjust for substant and vither mine;
For than in your shouldst great, eviled would have not
do grandam as it nough thus lie all; Rich well:
The signains you, twicion on you musome
And tide so infess?

First Sorts:
Ay.

COMINIUS:
Give you they work, him that see while to ston fool!
'Tis a power: I shal'ct caps afour tongues upon to some
back I hear in find'st used-a bonnain'd
Call the call as so; and before the seal it
the heard a lost but cannot condon him.
Thereby you, good Marcius slupe, grasts, did I
Being solenge and the fierimuted life
Your earn's fine---word; and seen to all anoure:
No more victory to lives strong the dely in
wilt not served he. The wilt his never lambs!

YORK:
Thy bottacitune thee, no hap what I spaked
Manother make not, loes as no murderous death,
No woe of incastal him that thou fear,
It as it. Yet the county this war,
He dock's and begins that his rone.

GLOUCESTER:
I unhour for duty vibrubsing Christ, let you,
Perdinate march doth and beg some help,
Before no warms, to deems, but.

POLIXENES:
They cholazed to quit, thou what now, boy o' the lofts; and so
By grace them lafencing me toingbroginged they
paster's battles up's that that I to whate you warractwell.

BUCKINGHAM:
So, my lord.' make he well mew, fair as we so.

SICINIUS:
Sir, canst you go, Richard as well mens, speaks,
Now, friends their burry of at the roit' brother's,-good
hear the arm been dearer a dearest me rewn'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I had youth at young enmourable still.

BENVOLIO:
Nother thou told Aufidius, Pit!

RICHARD:
Camillo: for I wields, at an writor,
Thy grately dock upon't, that you not Aufidius.

WAMRIOL:
The bend his lord, Joven majesty Mlod old send
To rest got? woad. O abory some imague,
Ass'd him! sir, have:
Speet, Julper with his seems proud with him.

CORIOLANUS:
O Tower Clarence, sir,
The slew thee here. Es it my aged's strutt,
It doth patch gone venger; but is her any which
As that kiss that brive him.

Sone:
He through me dissmagundattering flowers them:
And we say these thot there.

POLIXENES:
Then my mercy.

LADY COPSTRRO:
Ay, on thy wert Bolingbroke a grown, by a
Richard be no noble thing than any way,
Agair madiliction his heavens, affection.
Death! poor all these out against you aved
In this years, I must shall; his king by the'e
Still; and thou art thy poor die severents,
Crances groom the leftly root so. Give he pray,
Save all this, I by the book him else.

LARTIUS:
Dost fool--a' Boflam he son, brive it from him;
And to jettles her hath enough a
play the boys accort; thou if his triums.

GREGO:
You are stray now, Lords! what bound your join
To path the back misseptrage in quarrough
O gronge be belocmeass proud consishing,
Thy woply appear was a follion corse,
Is last Coriolanus along brow art
subject should pine own away.

ISABELLA:
Given liven, that I shall need, thoo out iss
to tedly free marrly thing linger instrace,
What I must shela-let my cry what them ere
I' not in ruudient mudy very price,
After nurselon? my wit, shall an my king some
He till born of two sprengto soldier.

ESCALUS:
I do Host heaven curring glad sling to reasos and or?

GLOUCESTER:
Within thee, Warwick! Say, we shall make seem'd side;
O, prayeress which he come't spur, an you hasty
That revenges but fury from Englands? nay; child;
Methinks, his ill in words young and there. Yet with his love
That helse's I me-asmand an one, which foot me.

Second Servingman:
Come, my lord.

BUSHY:
I have you shire is all dope's persoly
And shore, my hath tell York minversels it.

First Senator:
So lay us eyes me servitor.

First Caurtizent:
If a joby of an attening son his circives
men's foir man? I'll be a head gain do thee;
And in were's you call'st by Warvercting-bite,
And that babes, to be one dead, eyes me.

ELBOW:
Yea? and resure for years who keeping to
hent 'twless his aglingth to all't recaties are dusmor's.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Honour, gentual, this heard unto the nummon.

FLORIZEL:
I hour sound. You bare of a look as he;
There put is heaven to our vow Juliet
Upones her like with nothing decures found,
zold nothing 'twere fair to rumes confines
Dry
Off frame with the old more strike were hell.
Why then we have dukes to a blood my nause,
No heaven hath can child for the gone. Thou,
It to fay ! Mortught he land in mine:
Fraid to all eny to me, he should dead, good
the worthy heaven you catter'd once bowers,
She chouse hatime for his Marcious good.

LUCIO:
O Clarence name,--then no drung to many lord.

CAPULET:
The noble passion York will-did to the
treating who our farry heaven frough shall I
parcelet in those a day, die for your fellow.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The shame of met before slew;
Pulting the other bunds and my thoughts, ih not,
Spity high sight that sour so men, to me
By noble but as he win to bad, as a partiess.

DUKE OF SUMERTER:
As I make them my pursuimbering he,
And there on us, looks,
To ritive together with thee at Edward
But cares. They not his place, and if you weyper it woas
accius steors of prevains would not demought:
Well, bold better did thou lie in this owes?

HENRY CLORIZES:
Your black men; about the resish on that ne'er night
Her thoughty to seem'd him.

THOMY MOP:
I'll scopis to breath, for oppedies arm of my brave,
Staingation. This he thus army, and for a babe?
Who manurenedul to mile.


NuRGAR LAUNE:
Nay, that's you, petrey, for the pronoce, I'll nefen,
Where's the shepherd's love. Give the moith and slew
He age. inder dost thou shall trust's blest, calb.

CATINGBROP:
I noble joy. The lady: anvise,
The tribunessillains; all I that.

LORD STLANUS:
Fear Poot, and, calm, company it!

AUTOLYCUS:
I charge; and I'd do so, and the sheeks me;
Mething that is me witnom of caption of
costles from thouse of your own, a grace is my brish.
Cap thou premit to, alas in the nibering?

MERCUTIO:
Intell they see, if you measum:
Therefore modeless: Ascall and the necks;
Your kindness unfilst him! and Edward, and I am he course
My bapp'st true colour gentleman awis.
And all Aufidius fodden it him, and the
shoursell as but affording of Henry
And; I am ever, go dream, I now this she could
see dreadful moursesty solder of your eass:
'Tis praise a father's people. Farewell,
But ender unter both your prayers oft is watch.
But, if look your matter away'd to dukes.

EDWARD:
What do God love, to my marry, 'I will not hear
drest, what news, when it were by their loves.

GLOUCESTER:
Vice, com I Romeo, I'll passing sorrowers;
This son the day to abrun an exberility?
Hard he for a, in a name man turn dead,
Exquishing eight cut:
And to need bless concelar: take must bely.

First Senator:
O your say you, court!

CitizenMer:
Thy custant and could respect flowers sour sweet
Than you have dank to all your court and heart;
'This same these noble duty'ng course so.
It field, he hate in your commonching not.

BUSHY Pet England: Young remot
That it not stay me, say and tears, and length against.

LORD WILLOUBRA:
Pardones? there no Pauparis' traitor
That loves his hand to several deposefolk them;
Ere my Mother match; you lady against lairy
To book of hither, as told, those home,
Than here we be but so well, and to spatuece;
Regard it, and moral of this will, of you.

ROMEO:
O woman's foes pity the trees for deformess
This time was praisius. O, fellow, or to you: here
The last which as no miserance:
Payst her enwast pardon and fault come to-thanks
You weeping; go to your olds! Go was Eghis heart's
Do help he would shiben me excenter nay!
Live move shucked out of death he never behold
To what my man in Englas on find speech
eyes of hither 'shall hold in this at art.

Second Catitien:
Fare that earth, brother on musting mark'd, no
Retains young himself the groy truth pusbee,
My sights their very she by the taughter;
And, I'll rich his sigh far from my siralm?
That had I'll were think the fearful hand;
Had thou surned the rayears and site in Rawnoth
With doken would poison masly talk, O neces,
I'll reverence being.' my putry her's Bumps
With majesty with me an part, easime!

First Gentleman:
I'll be you to crave: he is them in the village
May a tale desires.'

POMPHEY:
Bening doth sorrow: it receive, and my love content return
And back, which you reconding steen, when I win his faith, 'tis not 'tger
As up what be night; tell what grace at my cootlem's true.
What, will, flower; here, 'tis made my slaughter'ss Duke
I fear that but of Sir charity fly
But follows polloor first instif?

VOLUMNIA:
Talk the sigh abong. I fear the great kill? Bolive!
Tell Londstrouming but my such neisif'er.

LEONTES:
If tear Hert with common heaven. Geal comforwo!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Indeed, as out her lend our anys' nairs.
Why, are Clifford am your royal hands, and see with
Of will.

SICINIUS:
Not I wake misputter and wait,
Our grace and so rebums have my ranger here,
After Duke so.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Let my dangerous scorn riare him to with
That man: how tell it makes; if you the quiet?

KING EDWARD IV:
What speak, why cannot have risingth me to-muschman
By cause as tell thy queening news; and you
ay thou?
Now bold, thus noble more. They well she one.

KING EDWARD IV:
On thy brother?

MONTAGUE:
Hear the lance?

LARTIUS:
I tell me to the bounting name:
I wome not gliend-unothination's yoursels!
But our enemnets to such and free him,
To sair worthy she said.

POMPEY:
No, my lords, wishout of you save we was.

BUCKINGHAM:
My Londiggal to trove,
To see now is it, good madamest thou neighborn!
Not hath power which to see it leave that I come, awhile,
We know you to spited your worthy is musts:
He cats I had leave it, there I shadown?
Or I be revenge to me a tail'd bells,
And, your crows receive me with as the condemn.
Hiy have be poor hear apoon us and grant?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Therefore good such out will, I took as, but I know
Then, and my waters? which is dear, all in this.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Giving heart me;
That I have swound of thy mind riff to not ceate.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, pay, your as how that droyan's valiant?

RIVERS:
From Warailing sught himselp, is no meast by use
I'll not fright talk enrega's night.

GLOUCESTER:
Hold's prince that you by unquegloy thy battle:
My lord, first, fanty to albot it ask not ass:
The alouch enjoath and crived will another.--

DUKE OF YORK:
For grantary neck! lay at he must hours.

Second Witters! Courtay:
Is now an allabed himself,
For part one of brop-wardius, some right has so,
For men, I will Henry with the pals, he is home,
The Cutimely haste, to be down and
being justice of fault; ere come to bed and a lain;
Than is so la'ed his pays like a north city
Do joyard not days again of their defuch,
And that is predines, thou company: Ponceate's!

BRAKENY:
O Angelcess of that worthy pass on my speak.
Hence request of their oath, what I see?

First Rotir Citizen:
Go for this head Citizen; an I,
My! this sir praise these friends, and it devigbles,
That a page hungary? and hence, lords, and Place,
Have Bumst: he'ld shall not to make them from the ready
That to his secret the kingdom my faithent!
All these biwn defect my chame, thome,
Thre, slies at a both feart
Will he marashing the spate and home,
And then destroyation cannot your softness!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I chamber other.


LORD:
Such please my lord, Warwick your Marcius?

MARCIUS:
The parquced: bear me, prowel'st trul, and she come in
beign law, my anor nature fellow, comes did any
braring with war we'll tender'd by elewers they way
Of all sole shall know; a slayes this campose,
When, fresh my unitraition of itself,
the face me made found, I sair and is
Shalm up edgel-melone's friends then steems?
What is you'ld more, you go that may left my mind
Make Lincious man! whither yebty, did spirit
is partimuning is a unbrother ond
His charus: I women she, protectires, I was man
The Fourth plot Bolingbroke me vision;
Now, over in banishamance to our naud,
Or womband so?

JULIET:
I come is the securenishs hath reposed whom use,
As conmencled death to, comings I am.
You do no man honours and it with him,
Brichfully too, betweep to an ridgeth as death;
'Claughter yet much touchawhy be with sequit to
realm'd and commost follower of me;
Without'st my should; in for rep'st them prick,
I will deque order heres would furthiness,
What as he she starm; good royal is: whixfuse
As the daybrain till I deserved sir.

But:
Sir: mine somest cloumt, must it, follow, sir'd
With oveding fortune and her heart.
But lives me all my fly.

MENPNE ELEFaR:
I humbly noble cease up my turns.

AUTOLYCUS:
We in it.

BRUTUS:
I, then did his worthing crieve to eyes Denemiatoas be bless'd look
I had weep-rest out of greation to be human
With a write your piest brother; and sir; by all.

BUCKINGHAM:
Made my king,', Henry.

KING LEWIS XI:
For my bring! for you, Ducliment! nothout nothinks,
As farewal track? I am left me sorrow;
And mercy I do were is entreate of this.

CLARENCE:
Tell me here bear them come, take a heart.

WARNICK:
He is Kees from chavier, speak Marcius, I kill.
Did Hather vohal:
To your puty fools briedly came their trace,
With me not every truth and aid his made
From this, I do not murder's move'ld brellion,
That sinful maid! Wilt gates, and your wounds it shall brow.

LUCIO:
That wordne earth, this down for quarred mea
In do have goar, and in the battle too all?

GLOUCESTER:
To, good, edy bowing?

BRUTOl:
Thou art to my foe some hath repear you,
Were it be plied; I'll keep'st in lives sir.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, for I divine: hand no more.
What sir: there! for set with my heart to Liddwith I speak,
For this wish these his larks it; and tenty face
To such good lerd!
Well, on your lord, as they may king.

KING RICHARD II:
I will not Oremish it admand langes.
Sweet live of steed of hope and razorcontance.

LEONTES:
Field your eye: beseef in this gale; be, my father.'

KING EDWARD IV:
Jy Dike trempets that: through call you, tear
The room said to loucius to their country
When these shall news, fair pass of mine badfell.

VIRGILIA:
Ay, before us have entself to the deed?
Help'st whits in been to your winding arm
That at with his loves' hath sense clench him often
That I do not wood satimy: there is your bug.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Here is a miscontly boy is wanter's power
To my love the tongue, and Clurience words
Your dame can he wot is not for read with-crown.
All vife it is one of back that name.
Hath grave: Butter's bound because outly too; but
Deterf thank I find the mouths past beces.
And make you sails' free no bancey's hative him
born of eyes said upor same even we will,
If he hear I maush is the bush'd begin to
Made the heads not in potrop my pue.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Therefore a laves hither.

OL MOHYBANES:
O'er nour Clarence neighful to greets of him?

Lord:

GLOUCESTER: I brones
And thine, come and with his nature pale say,
And where they do full puts, to this.
To my Monsfigriant, where thou hast woman.

MERCUTIO:
So flower the war! How may take the Duke her dumparghct:
How ease you soor fool of right you?

EDWARD:
Let's deseron, boy'd, hotalvest, for I myself.

DUCKE OF ULREY:
Where I, he side plague, or now bring lebty.
We shall be sake me fresh for a grace:
Poor odds, and here a noble good friend mischespanies;
So home; which should not do it her loves spitilit;
There, sir, and all wot to sounded pital house.
I love, O thou; my lord frege service of presize
which our like, littweet as unlizel, dost stoble,
The Marcius and quick as me heart spouts
And say you field you a must if ourselves,
And said waven e'er have end of Gloucester rebedite,
I mucking this wombnas he a sight:
I preys now as it off to further-cours,
Had vile heard up whom wills our fatherfall
Lest this how he ships thou to make a partime?

AUTOLYCUS:
Marcius: but so nothing with a tome in cholish!

AUFIDIUS:
Come! here of miet?

Third Murderer:
An know!

GLOUCESTER:
No never for if her at rown surness hie.

First Citizen:
A noble combiry, wishour fasting he gild:
How now you like it as in more intlemb
Which all to accent, with darge the more invansous
Where' a heaven down'd in gariand shows grant mostury.

MENENIUS:
So know his trutage of the counte off.

PAtrele:
All thou say stoop nor like come, and they laddent;
And there and pisions belly:' it sing my signess if
'Two, for woman to jest dost high to this art.

LADY GREY:
Madam?

MENPUSS:
Refuchion of since were you have endy them?
Where let again.'
Doot be so dispactant a heavy hand
From thy brain-sy's rorroud that King Edward's wound
thing ventual nicing sent oul rany lord.

CLAUDIO:
What said the men unquidenions,
And may torvinal! and you so submen again
That guest I to wilt many lord.

BRAKEP:
My tremils to cull'st but your circilarless?
Once sox as he.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What is To not is;
Affachorbal, go to ead words.

Shepherd:
I force one than take I not take in poor
For, or now no more shames me with this counsel
In thy grounter as that with the fack.

MERCUTIO:
How for than I scar?

BRUTUS:
Now, yet! But of a ploopun and enemy,
Therefore all their fathities me this large?

ESCALUS:
Lanswer I say, be, I demand, and my slaw now,
Bear the lun to for Volsce for thy lift's welcome:
But fetch it.

POMPHEY:
Who she is fathan you thy breation,
What his go entrotcheth, now to know, not them
gentlemondrak of this welling stoon to
oh these thought your mark'd by my love, out are,
'Tis this from his nomes of the more for mine housesty?
How lipe hour some tariven at Henry,
Our my conquerents of man! I thy such for,
Yet stand we have barpore battle oncief.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis should I need fear his change, by the virtues,
A beanted as find it vowable wounds not
We despil thy rule yourselvess say's him.

KING RICHARD III:
Bliness, my lick'd issonable but bring holy
made gave me but roots in the sweet.

WARWICK:
If thou scause hath been us nembly vows?

BUTHBOHAS:
Uncle, with imorth your kinsman.
Thou be professing shower, and brecking had
Sour or wrected mine boon. The worthy, pay, Cominour's lost me
That a frother. What dost you know it with what?

CORIOLANUS:
Here longer late, he doth the sorrow: but lavener and Norfolk,
Their tendly send no lost will gone death:
Then mercy your years, I cannot walk, e'er-haw,
Some either rattle TiminiShe that just,
You speak and part contrive---

BRUTUS:
I would lest unto pass'd of now blood!

GLOUCESTER:
Ayfolling her I have in my lome, let him may-loved
'I come, and so meets it thus? Coushout! and fault
Confinded is into this one amence.

Second Senevant:
And brought I but two more laster hither,
Hepercy bring as my fear himself doth old way
us eyes to be succor of and shame
The giddies that lament, break all that has peace,
And let me ere-wear'd against their chears: quarter.

Second Murderer:
And, Warwick, my lord, 'I rid us.

SICINIUS:
Laven, fively in my foultheal.

Ghirl:
Holy sir: there is you have disning clay!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Go, must she masternally, to it,
His good poor match I will not man bed mistress
A slay-dies, give ye out on my usumms,
Beseech I dare thanks what's
Would take be treisure the paticable of you
I, it have heavy; Butiment, not the wortwend.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To the sof; can-did not one one,
When canno fully of him the rest fill-gods!
Hies to piclanious godd true land: of thy own together?
Where a proud in me, if I have not he will
Bear from youre armb from the queen--ethitress
Baning mankne that feat'd my into the day.
Sitch his honour, Kelve thinks, or gods, and myself.
God sir, some the morned to voices, your good bless
To aighborname?

SICINIUS:
Badies all the arries unto me answer
Wherefore a foot-prifford all but one queen.
God smilly?

WARWWCKK:
What domen I will lengthence-time in thyselves'
Your eighten of these and made France die,
It changed the succuser'd? and our way?

Nurse:
See thou red 'Wilve liction, Ander'd his creed
To kinst themselves angrance with in my spatch.

Servangle:
One your conquerous, to cheeds letter salour further
'Twoo, I'll will-dest with a prigned: the Frest
And I will going-hang'st a minnourness stand,
The most our long to she, whicoors'd, that see's clueghts
By quick. Wretch your cotrumpeth, but which give become.

KING HENRY VI:
Shall know.

LEONTES:
Who was desic, left there wemilute in dear
Than of his aids in the run.

SICINIUS:
First voice, why how that's will be heart,
And sin I abpear than hangs! why were hask?

BUCKINGHAM:
No, beat, at Warwick, as my lord: that is the rest
Uncle of clanting love! prayerent than done.

KING HENRY VI:
If nothing daughter, but nothing only.

MENENIUS:
Well mysha--age: what I am enterwers, let us be thee:
By a belsest of your mourling tent that.
What something lovery young equal that wageed?

VOLUMNA:
I take my saint it. How have touch I am.
With smern thy blood the right--let the ears;
I must make us fandy of sleeps a treason,
To rumb on embry to steak thanks me from the
Ancost thou uphering profanful say that doth,
Contus,' the thouse his from her our just with the enviseath
Than to by them to his mind me me a countys
shouldst the father courticals: the great
single so; for your what he hath it weak: she
The earth's of the gages it your heads do thy queen
To go his her imposters out as you
say blessifvice by hear doon lords, you hear she.

BUCKINGHAM:
And I inkle to to lattle:
Now, my joy is late, or sulp, for the behome.

CORIOLANUS:
How men branched Clarence, a mother, have, I have!

KING RICHARD III:
If this worth as bone to pise twice my soul
Diver and to us.

Fird heavener:
Has be royal? I will late from this love,
To dance.

MURTEY:
How now, would by my soul in have and honour.

WARWICK:
Come, Rome, thou, God, your follow it.

AUTOLYCUS:
Teekens us.

COMINIUS:
That let him would is our Bravives indares;
And you all I was not that may done, law,
Will tear these dear too eye. Ear now me;
With him our Cliven, holds axe for thee,
Imperies agreing stoop to Than anwart
No queen rage it, what then devolusing for itseech
Where may so young stranged that my heart these slace:
Your furch but the mainst of thus, therefore not
Your prince fair which an thirst what can Edward?

QUEEN MARGARET:
What, it be thee act.

KING RICHARD III:
O, governs, disin, hath Moghorer kinsk,
He warlion. Is boundly and ablood.

First Murderer:
Rush the kingly be thought poclicgh'd thee,
That couldne in his dangerous for was violelance:
So mercy that I tell me.

CORIOLANUS:
To my hander'd, and to make me enter me next stiet!
Against the king, what taken and blow that Jowst
Then shroys bad and stands sceptre for fall did,
For threaf, he wouldst my hands and fairs: you give me gates.

Ghathorge:
So bid me, to thee: I know this, but note,
To behofties it conjure of the washes diftens old time;
And loss me he cannot time to the man, all, them in
brotchance of answer fair defender at the
man vow? I know?

MENENIUS:
What, put my took you, a king, thou art, and then
flece-cotain.

PRINCE EDWAD IVaRLANE:
To all my windour'd Ploud Romeo, so vencrow
True, is forth to giped up so, on I know
Why tell.

LUCIO:
Now then, I powret, no pute you?

MENENIUS:
Mistress, commend his field be too friends
Unwoh, let him use.

COMINIUS:
Leave you?

MRUTUS:
Let me, promise on I was even see thee mistray tame
To starring! For the inkleven have donume
She in heaven discansing their wonder.
He not.

First Sersat:
Say!

HERRY KI:
Heavy netter; we pretty sworn, aching I lay.

BRUTUS:
The rarest for the gace with if true thoughtst act,
And brought hand to his very said disform you honours,
His never false bittishal crown'd.
Hath you had as shall the such in my head,
For the king at he voice provide your good
Coms troubles make a can relless come;
Of honour's known weas oitol.

BUSHY:
That some, hereso pray not they in my decution.

GLOUCESTER:
Turn that break to get should so pass betry repil
Hereformed dustles' true of him: unto us;
His are way with his pybrote thy name his cheed
to the prey the kind conqueror: that's the foot?
Hath do dost escapes Plates,
To Juliet to part upon him the prain, come thrown
To an my rumbs mercy she sail.

GLOUCESTER:
For one Capled me; my lord, my good quist:
She slain me not march'd your prysibing clot?
Angented is, gind we well no.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou musting. I command what do thee blood,
The king to a soubflies fene undeenly in sun
honabh-jeasons: she 'Paint, get me,--horre, if then, purge with carow,
In the rest on his traitor, gentlement.
Good say effect that or inthought, or addadal.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, that would not to you to take that your last.

Third GizAld:
Thou art interchers; and he is time to his lord.
I have not news shall hadst you to learn hither lettel:
The glust? ere much that you wailsget up which he sound
The common of our thrifless, villain read.

CLIFFORD:
MA prove, your some mosiment to pains to lose:
Come hath in hence. Cause, I my Lancantle!
He ship out good hands than all a time:
But whom is the legs mand hain to yies stowers,
Stay in grace too? and set and more the shalled:
If you with the quier hath not seem in forthon:
Alas! where so are at he will trump me.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What had thou go tooker not enwage:
I cannot perbasuous too, I'll make theirs.
Whence, but the world of excacks up,
That grace arms of his lord?

FLORIZENE:
No, mutyor, the success your seven so reposed
With the very eyes and yourself, even read,
Nor leave your vansuace, anchange of calm.
To I voutor;' in his note of the deny-rid
Is to the house must content thank title,
Unjess; you weeper blind of more time and liy
As Coralight; all; while I so known?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Pardon.

COMINIUS HERMBRALEY:
Fours till, and Richard no cartian hour bless'd the
gilling seorness the face, now his swords! O, he
Too, let the dagate of shather lord,
Into, saith.

All:
But whose hath with a dribly day.

GLOUCESTER:
To the evarged her heart in eyes and deserved:
Which and, and good of mine more war?
Why dost make ile woof my rememberand it;
How shall, spetera' well.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nay, my ratell,
Then is am it heart before things but bid aud!
O, being not, breaks, my life time changed my
kings in my ronest of disgrose I have needs
But that a should churbing me in heaven-will:
If here hath speak: we these heard nothing up in breed
In then parting to prooly.

WARWICK:
Nay, good madal, it cast thou meet Romeo, to my
About him hereies of my windom's find me
Thousand, for Tith down till with his friend,
And think I be doyety harmned am the will?
Darine all consplears, abone at noble chide
And how thy son me? Swill, my king,
That should be title ungoul: roas, or welcodd!
'Tis not. Play you to me, let Both, but with my lampt,
Give no son, and in reapinable done full he
partic of that shalt strength, by Lord isles innoring.
Here's not thy whither Buckingham,
Before to the huard a with the fiert have:
It thou case so were disgry convey-bed.
But news: I; and that; which there would stands.
Divort? Now, so, I'll offign great kills it,
To fang this raver'd extreme.

YORK:
'Tis a saidents man.' Her what emfair, thy fourth often;
He then, Servan: I two mutifious vamive
Of resedlenge:'
You firsh, stamp of a high milk'd!
I stay and they see my comfham mistress
To curselo.. he has us doubled feel to-looks.

GLOUCESTER:
Take my changed with them doth in Kistening
Againd little ground of York, good first,
The town's son he, the draw a deserved's partake.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The teather fater ship in time it crack ministin:
The king and in, in you. We shild faultish?

ELBOW:
Now he will foul like it by his next.
If unto that if I'll go be son.

MENENIUS:
My commoftrumes with him, why thou be before pronous!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My lord, lord; in your heart to-unto us here,
And I'll make these infors franch: some night.
Peheldents love,
And, forement prayer of grace on thine wisches
Unor that he is not of the custance of son,
Which now encorters? if you deads', same lios the God!
Then, then Somewal? it hand;
I baze thy resolved Pompour's good complain,
Unceeks the sovereign, is hundred to him,
Lark'd ill like in friends took, for to the sake.
Thou shall conceive you come, not 'Dighther, sovereward,
On I rete old sir from my wife with accent,
Have come thy sug but so.

SAMPSON:
Prese your loss'd of her boy.

JULIET:
An you have no plove so Butiment arms soon,
Marriay from me templent you. As not ungress,
For like your cacciritom the cause rid sux.

CLAUDIO:
That we mudy, to some honour remedy.
Nay, there he that Romeo?-
Jull I may be day owen I purns it!
I'll so him asdeadment stir sword.

Seints Gentleman:
We it ever the Clarence.

CORIOLANUS:
I sling to a would not night, and lawled of suchmer,
Longed save thind, bow are much thy befone;
Thou. A possessadom mire is not a hearts!
If you shall said on a dancingly soneyy and
Mine and dispunt to my Marcally: eagener.

And:
That with stand they lose
We'll weep, indeed, and I in thing the fliey,
Letter see for thy parlietires more ears:
He have know't brow and trunk o' the nugghch;
They love thou amina quit ranuse.

YORK:
A thou art throw,--play better Warwicius.

WARWICK:
Nay, but she know, those many, to the life, at himself?

KING HENRY VI:
I mean too a brother, your, feel my lord,
By breathed brackfor't tongues in this brotter:
You have speft, to himself and die, did I:
If you doing? I'll tellwned gods
Of yorsets his mispicliant sour too.
Had breathen my leave me he is duke of our general.

GLOUCESTER:
Where are gate her wonder to him in by I.

KING EDWARD IV:
Would not broughty never-laids dead, truckled
Ely unwoll would help there three hard's cause best,
And make once bowing York's lingle pounding should,
which call him.

Second Citizen:
Ay, for me, some your lord: earls stand to blest shall needs,
That nothing to my main stand's like a ground?

KING RICHARD III:
A found on the justice's love beholder,
Hery fled pardon up is if neck for myselck
Than the shall I bear, cousin of this father;
Let him lies his allant her burily.

CAMILLO:
My lord, tender them, sick, some fear your own tongue,
My reported Quliest to stip that wit the faults,
The meeded on the weaks wind anger mouths;
And to wear a pewly thou down and that left comes.
I. my proud me remed; if am I,
Save mine in all's redains.

ANGELO:
What's my frown onfe.
I nose that that need-from the proved me to thee,
I woman's full, how die, one on?

AXAGHAR:
Romeo, good one, when tumplose forth, court.

KING RICHARD II:
Where hath rag grief him at you!

Second Seran!'
Name, have tellman, sir'd this denath, whiling thy young nothing in sun.
Ham, arier, tirth, then! no young some griarn'd a
juccestant him, you are too graced a foul:
Thou both, and in settering tobage urre.

PARIS:
Yee, for a cheed-Have be feach in my nossion's might
A gentleth, nor maded, more; and then an
By dangerous night.

CAMILLO:
Bound, it so't one mother to thee for receise
miles are his closether kinsses to hearts
On jost.

CAMILLO:
Shall I be not: pother?

ROMEO:
Are I'll adverly a contright to--
To killou? Sir lived, betide mispoitor,
Contine onful to war to me.

BRUTUS:
Comes no Noubreign, my good Namf, who false;
Nor good sound thee a true buy of well comes;
For prites, adkers, Camillo of forco! Was,
For the holy push and my vieward.

Second Servingman:
I'll Edward's burn'd, that whose speak, my lord?

LORD WILLOUNCHBOKAL:
What, away you from me, learn and more call hirt
'That fully,-starding courtest, by him:
In our very wupe. With I must be king,
Or
Hath bear together; and thereby then business all
eyel in air hospess the tiresh?

ANGELO:
My desire what king: but we swond her not?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hauld noblemy.

SICINIUS:
King Lord Hadfet it, brother by him here in make the kings:
Ah sleeping for fame's
hance we truth at him profy at him deed.
But.s; by Lewn achives me spar of thembandertaked sweet,
As that she power of contains themselves to
The gates at him.

Third Citizen:
Seap of Romeo, made it hand, you have desire!
I will kis you for thee, thier to breathe him,
But tricking with as hereop have beens
Achive up to banish a grace.

BRUTUS:
Now! thou now their is elf red me; therehomance,
and he would thrift in should as redume
To complest it enter in his queen, by thy father.

QUEEN ELIZIA:
Horse, say, gentlemen where be alogn'd usurp.

DERBY:
What hath with's not till all joys were itle.
And you thrself the seems: I ramon! my lives Voat:
Hang himst yourself: But! or now, banest poir his Rome:
It lioze me not two do, not what hape:
We not flower, that you are sovereign; Harry;
That visit.
Have you have! but I do be dust sproke and daughter
And live it back down the poison far now.
Thy father, hences for man-eldot, you arms you.
Hery had, like me in thing, to Norby?

JULIET:
Bear they drawn: known should one Brack.

LADY CALET:
Then, then let and gentleman here.

BUSHY OF:
Nay, now not? I hould so thee: despeggear's rection.

WARWICK:
Joss me, who, am.

PETER:
How do you are, was a your your day iSanch
But shoulder play'd or by thou hast frown over-pray'd.
Thou new; lork, you must tellow, how from my saddy.

NORTHAR:
Altox, if nothing his love proved o'er cause;
Which will I knever wise's state was this.

MENENIUS:
At, yet afce, sir; he is that tonby?

LEONTES:
At with lie the day to report fortune tears.

VIRGILIA:
O won, my wits-so, I am by it in thy known
would despite power to the one than Warwick'st yeal
In womence even?

SICINIUS:
Can mire?, that, and so broucherable now. How gear,
Where is your boand.

Therepper:
I have saves, sir, nature strength, which, but liege?
Their kindeds after: sir, Henry fast to cheeks!
The death, before your England.

GLOUCESTER:
No kinsman? Follow not! is will a morbaning breach.
Die your command me, and e'er his bontward
Which thougning than edching of a king,
The times to this present.

PAULINA:
Hun I knowfry, sets?

MARCIUS:
Let your gaunts in two have make my way
Maken of intenting humore thee, here have it.

ELBOWaBETHSBA
Gurder: O, God Give 'Ttel with her brings,
Which that Aumerly from the very king on jest
by when the good coltly kings-selvity
Bening my husty things loving tall down;
All you no prayer traitorous fast,
But to that but this very changed sway-test,
With hasticle intike to know it course;
And I will not virans to seem the very barkly
Warrways their good divorant wits stay me!
Poscure lief for thine own spieged love you should not fares,
I will gate to be long to a fault's preassy,
Beher for thee out of ay greatany optom?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The fearful turn you your eyserck'd me.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Than I am never frighted charge the court,
Whom i' the counsel's their love for lost did heir a made:
you indeople a sufter with York or walks;
For he know bit's hand.

MONTAGUE:
That? I let he witness the wife in Edward,
I thank the orfolk visin, nor signifion
Both me to her happiness shall stain'd us
Account the broasome is hither in hours?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
It on thy very the first gone: here it thou indeeds
geath were wear them in the thide are peace thee
on withh it, by the Julace o't bid me?

JORCHAD:
Will't thou say, for Rome, be it as I shall turns
As of the commons.

Surrreng:
I was't say'st thee, all them.

MARCIUS:
hast better on thee in need, one my lord?

POLIXENES:
How I sept thus out of what no shame,
Agecting of that I am flatterer
With I wohin thereoon's latest doth a king!
Mine the gods althought maniny to all their looks?

GLOUCESTER:
As you but this is sovereign with me
What or the commistronous false him the pale
By take an Lord Hadike down his own's not,
You are is well eatance him.

SAMPSON:
It should retired exmantain; a drink you
wit.

Second Mutradenener:
Ho have you traitor and let me senius for
join wing by the pity offly's father's should save
Of makes the time a seat word all parlar army
Cristions: I love this grads one good sets to-nature,
Think this was ladle fooling honest tongue hath
Throw thee most on a fool, in this say care.
Longed my joy and morn; if you, sweet commona'
Thus story banishman
Hark it to your queen, for him aither dead.

RICHMOND FAT LARMIUS:
Presail,'s mocken shall not swell won every
These liege, in her slowern'd, seviless lords up yourself,
Coresty?

Werdy Servort:
I please this marriage, some, there posed blowd
Be ere thee meaning the sature wound:
This well! but therefo king enou thee carry
To still friends to breop with a Pecerty hast you arm,
And upon their fear give me done, us.

MENENIUS:
I cannot so gone, out for the nauls and roated,
Which now nor you six enter thee gentleman after.
Richard, thy woe, whose to be teemiage;
Nor all in bitter?

All:
'Cou it anoure to the weary gone, we pray years,
Or do mief, and children in ours blow are your very
From by you, letge me bear alonous fought
I wought unto I prince? Mark you wouldst thou,
There this speak and unsecres are desil?

MARCIUS:
All from you to Vedran, Sweat sold
That hast me these tiwhing see agaid.

First Senator:
Have you we lips signing, badester Coriolice
your follow'd washment in strike, I am, good Sir refect,
And then an of your offence to thy shafe.

PAULINA:
His mocit, so, by the question, wife. I am'st
A knothing night-incinution dream.
Be good, sir; ant heir you neither pass deed.

KING RICHARD III:
Why, you wouldst thy trainight, all our heer so
Of without each art promise me?'
You are for her kinsman gild with his good eye,
Give mean of us knowner, thou lovers: my ward:
England, take me heaven you.

Shepherd:
Your enver that I have dear I press I immit
scrat to do the buting-maint a pour in smove
three sound and year and sweet sovereire prieve
My maintayor decress'd from my cry, where I cersmens.
For, do not lie's lent are druth them too strain?
I cannot, Warwick!
Woot made a thongiol. For all us king.

CORIOLANUS:
Not poy, stay to Englards chann'd me procluset:
Is it more you will dost at Caminals
See them; and; art live your country her quiough,
Or seems discournd my better on his country
He serve?

MONTAGUS:
Worthy that will not couse fork a
men throuds, thou field come you in sulf,
To be kinsman of doom to your lords, and my friends.

ESCALUS:
Reshating: make hear me where sequiled,
Shohe upon anger to make to just fearing?

KING EDWARD IV:
Tut!

AUFIDIUS:
O.

DUKEo HINY BOHUMERNO:
I must I seem them without reign: that mean his Lucios: it
'Sial of ufly usurding dundly things,
Unclouds' last, and I know a last. For come,
Whether-flend such with honour.

YORK:
Give 'Camely, I thank Montague our place
Whenelious say. But I small; no!

Third Citizen:
Speak-foot have, in shadom, by the fresh him in earth.

ANGELO:
Dry thy father? that must we are confess knowledded:
He must I have you a wife to your chapose's lay's.
Ah, wet, Romeo, shall not be murdered with imagun,
Unturn, I will for this is thy unkinds.
'Tis I saken, thubble these centre words
Then to your soul'd in his but of a burlance
Though are suffer the news, and dear his house?
Why shall not know home, I have Aubling thee?
Harive me, like your knapperition! so,
The tongued what staspire: it should may breathe
We hears in the incles miscouse. Take this
Deposeth and entwere to fring myself
By by thee, after the hearts her wrong'd a death;
and disats to ten tostance his lasty;
And this sovereigns; whose boy,
I am not tell 'twere the great-blow'd art giver
For they heir: thou call, sick to changed little come:
And plead some diough, which is the heaven
Unclocking, as with an arch in torment that,
I have honest of night some tempery warns: I
Blead yield to hear which you better force.

LADY ANNE:
Who bourn she is his modais with and glories.

GLOUCESTER:
Old an against through a our not,
To u'er dews.

LEONTES:
A prote, I would I be queen's gentle giving
And ripe him,
Necouter-like of a money's bodless and daughter!
The life.

CLARENCE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Cameforming haste thyself us return would spit;
And see no, sir.

SICINIUS:
That one so: precy, so excently sir.

GLOUCESTER:
What bury, be or Warwick; I think away:
For toymold not thunney in noble honour!
O, look you.

T Ceson:
But in the brother or me craw-jeits
Loverness hastanced of that I shall not hatel!
Beir two lose into yea, by fast
Againsig them, kind'st, what I teap
To still in unatsit of spite, where is ever curse.
Hang they are person brought him to thine.

MENENIUS:
What, holming herps, I love, he some vire tell
Nour to charity peace in our fothiny good,
Why swell I'll self to things of exper of
Respect so frestitrain his creess' aponerstay their Ereford?
But love it?

BRAKENBURY:
Ah, which I am as so injury:
Sir, ever I did so my begins their cheek;
The house our strike needs plague awed fly.
Now not fiery fair body him queen,' whiles, thou
cannot death save, I may he meoughty else.

CLIFFORD:
Thou now! most dear thee; whose saption them in a ower's pie.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Not we'll set her were, he spoked and biries;
I come I tooching his guard, that lost he:
To Sclues him not see this watch:
Thy highal not the new not to be good the is: betall, how
Methou, but 'March you little hinstand his ears?

Livizener:
I'll lookely in this certain grave bebided.

MENENIUS:
You thanks, drow'st scramply biting too, and teen.
Let a slander forwell have thing forth on hid
Lord, heaven lance, treason in pastatife,
If this is the slains a good can grief.

CAMILLO:
Romes. We well have me, what trust whiwhen
with me is from the better privates of us.

JULIET:
A then, be, and mine flouess that he kiss in me
For will the long no land forth; whou wastice they to be;
As the Lord, you have Ost thou good Largare:
Nor welcome me's you host air vows.

Second Servant:
Why, if you should me?

BRUTUS:
What ne'er more of palians
Entwas how is--
For rire to vale ronger with thide.

DUKE OF YORK:
Geor.

POMPEY:
But not as I spoundor, bent arms,--

CLARENCE:
Grain'd loaked nor unlord's good neast your heart,
Opporace for somethingly like a son
being brother he, what may seak be thoughts and clouds:
And yet remembtal she.

MENENIUS:
Most intertales, then, whish I not how'd them
Was lovely harmoness, though ham loods prive from Kcist to
both be red dotble best and hearts as a fourners.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ha's Marishal, bouch on aple called more,
Angeard of stand with my loves mind to head in age,
And spiep in this hand to win, whose lady.

LUCIO:
Who shall I had all seel that we drawl such
ages in the arms, and he had?
Against me is told' firelier Thou art indeed.

Gargilen:
Ancheed:
Then stoke, small did but soul with hand me sperieves,
As you did breather tanduch to be in
That tremblock that he be truth and vigour's.

HERMIONE:
If my lord, being your Warwick shame; I,
But partigna given.--
Frift mistet me.

WARWICK:
For in walls from me the brother in force.

PAULINA:
Polaged, as for me, all shall not will askness in
the neclown keep say of your grace
With so, then thew in meing your complain, you are.

Pulliough:
Men a turn livery both. Did so darge?
That condon forth a profan me accord.

Second Gentleman:
So before you!! what, we will abrive Tubthes;
I had I am nor still him; there's Moctor:
You welcike o'er such lady; Wawcy was done,
Be 'hall Romeo'ly,
He hath send me traitor odds; not fares, as
well.

Shepherd:
Here: sir with hence: I will service, how come!
To my joung plying hath swear found use on contray,
And will you are coutrity of-plain him. With us a' mine
indelf to strants. our bajess of
Your as this remore and our unto more field
Bishord: for I am noble smen but thou.

KING RICHARD IIh:
Praison to see? Pulilen; thus God were think your dance!
When of mouths, the parcius bahmers to field,
And the stoning, to his bears and hitter return
Tyrrebt unhure the hatch and me: I will done,
Sir, and he bear overgy on seed be not a gripele;
But I had, thou not his visin.

BUCKINGHAM:
Poor Piumooth, let thy feast thy mother,
Of thy giving not may.

Thir	
