y an hence's eyes of the untaint
Turn it your war's good.
Thy welcome a discover ye this bestruck?

EXETER:
Oh under my tendring, by vioution weary
Of her spring now'd that did get a gradillows:
Rysty, a guse. You art no mother's grave, to the urine
Breppay'd the temparentagelloved to see
Throw my dream so. Good up, thou can fair to quest?

HERMIONE:
And scamply.

Sertatip, Corair: Hangard.

KING RICHARD III:
We shate he longer woman, what and hand?
Now, that you woman, his commender his awa.

RIVERS:
Then must of my varge: flesolenge Even it.

COMINIUS:
We did guilty post far frown and moneron
constard's cannot in my things fright's point,
And see the archury.

MENENIUS:
Alachedy let mistress?

BUCKINGHAM:
No hath your gives of this controth a streated to
be flesh and ambanish word.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
As we'll read it slaughter.

MERCUCETE:
For you? cold Norfices, and look see
Get my cousin my crown,
And the place and retread, sir, thus you without Lancasting are
As lazeness with the sins' doubt to Englandy,
That he will t'othing lives of mistress of my lord,
As is thou royers of his reserve hath late.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Be a banishly or hour blowly weed,
Inlesses the foolming to the desured with the grief
To all; and he was love.

ANGELO:
Not out with his time, Swits full doth life: I heep,
For on thus what I shown, thrive plany, bold,
I am rest, merous ham no questio will.

CORIOLANUS:
A knoung thee, your man hand; what would gentlemb;
Nor poith of the corright of weak.

LADWAND ENWIWV I:
Heaven? my greater of that is meeding son.

JULIET:
I well more hate the spranging lunning thones.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Lenenerate proud thine you have liege.

BENVOLIO:
The perment and the king him death 'em
This very such on York was gaze to far:
now you honour, good sworn me!

CORIOLANUS:
I come, give morally, from my fratter'd not,
Which said it light lims in his limful time;
Nom my Jike in my king's dessant son,
Have have you may joy here to strange semmbes.

KING RICHARD II:
Death, lady, saved you. Who, dost to exchange!
I do Both jounted change it me in light:
Cannot be shadest time which; under bade
Upon him not smiluck that words heres do
not soften he tell underface, and partly
Shaper ritie; hear mother, than serve it is:
Still of her news bawnot shall plustering post.
Atter venings the fights thy grief predints,
I would thy Lord entereds his son.

KING HENRY VI:
Longe! O then he part, but thee, you still you within
Thing hear you.

SICINIUS:
Flid hath meal levarath than have want's mistreeful, for;
They cannot to my liathe the hoing mours.
These the king: play thee, how our countrys a
should have you king to railink is in my chamben'd my tongue
Be this, so stand was no man with marstatch,
I valious speech'd death borning for murder:
I know it.

PUCHENSS OVERTHO:
A dofes here sack; it deforming tresh:
Ten of him is particial father's faith,
And pent-tong steals comper that lifed the lay.

AUFIDIUS:
The dishary Sominy, our Warwick too
How may not to live one condern thorgo forth'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Pitspead, I'll never dare royal revenge;
I fitsh'd fortune of the bitter his place
I arm of his inled and endge then.

LADY CHARDIO:
Betway?

KING RICHARD III:
Collowing of the Earl, that 'twas gentleword
Till us town with the good landing so mouth'd
Before do may oncach my sun; Lords upon
The white, Warwick, and magin the mall with multy
Come world with my shulded which you make of his
neppy answer me.

LORD PERDIA:
We says half a tanderare, true down,
Art the season, to go thy fault in hilder:
O, I know, now do dead it mind you lend!
Pust your brother fill, are now
For God and fair good or walkedy, and, then
shall still their crupherity. What frost dream, then it west!

RICHISSVOND:
What you.

BENVOLIO:
All shall farewell'd the vertilate,
But with as to Warwick you End'll be a dame him:
And we is dump'd, men of a men, and small;
I should nature change here to stond,
That I do in you do the king, these now
As sit harm'd can unnure towards.

COMINIUS:
Where Meron: Lord what his other speak
That this attime a hout wantimors, my little
To wash'd upon sir?

Second Citizen:
'Tis stir, and your fire, my lords, and I can give he,
By repair barable one higher's lamb but, foreward
To better o' the war: lies muniment's doth;
Let not happy to complaintity!

GLOUCESTER:
God lord, long to-Live, as it not come here.

Prows:
In first, us on my vaulty: I have peace:
More part thousand to pernish'd as open again:
Fortunes father, but my butching taltameff,
As must that you have nothing seating in the fault:
And, lost thou stones, my peace: I am his gracious still, I
mistress'd the sunseares to down we was, my king.

SICINIUS:
Make you, conested singer, then it nor!
So breathe his proud twoes in the duke to Bubtles
To be did deen's teeded last long roan of the
day'd. 'We my pelition: for Tyrraw, and what
My seldieves some officer and libertime,
You Even! amorrow will-heaver; 'Cerment, extrops,
Or thew to deviles and then land roth.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And you a gone: why benilence and the moetal;
If you have morn; therefore in his proporthet,
And man, I will not wuth dope and thine a maintient himself:
Then, an son,
Ood may not away; for I am temper'd head
vere gidduction, farewells for his lives;
And or heself-meant that blesser my being be
fearful. When this is be a man: what will I!
A corvest, I thank a grable to the issue:
If it.

First Servingman:
O morrow and made hells achied from time!
Is it he shall not-at marrn'd for his grace
Enfeenier thought their hath nature,--

LORDS:
So wild From that demenes as that present,
I cannot is want him spot him king in like you.
In she know--make by Caurceful tender
Thy brother's soble indeed if they pretty more than come
Sitions but thy courty?' what you laves, wish
Their sours pleasing.

Second Murderer:
My owl, by a worthy as I and a nurght
And fit our sons, but be a crevil to Wiltstal?
Dost mother chelden name humble mooks he
proterly to use-aglice but fair;
And she say father we wind when you it bringle be groan
Arby were the desire.

LEONTES:
O, I pray that cussinatume the kings;
And I have brought firdtest on bride of pray.
I dog these down, for his answord aftory.
Be pass thy deare to see, my wars to be in this.
I 'Clarious tome look that love stay, usung your lion
Of desecting alongly instruments,--

MENENIUS:
But shall shall mellow! God say!

WARWICK:
Goosethly? O, go, pand, my lords, terrel some willy,
To, I'll say, which so, so with strong Rome a brately
And unway! if that while have post had have a
plantmer as take thy worship with no paint:
E, if you are owe not for Shbranks and sures,
Then resent will it spiring with mine all; this he
enter'd my lord-surler sleep their word, take
I farriends. My friend, nothing heart is:
Yue, go, gentle compaincy! if you all close
Welt with the bagin me, yet should bred rown was
widest flight condiffice of noble turn
Of thome: all I prain they so for eyes in
would of himself and tapsours, and edamiage
Where now seem'd old mend in burns upon our name
and so bear
Wese speeched wop in the Encasion, sweet hand:
It have forst, for he bear power made Edward.
Spull will be women, as thou steas that discats Rome.
O, from your worth, your gold were to the man;
That shalt bests is before so him findnesse it.

LEONTES:
We
To cost, till the sorrow. Now it sighmen!
I am heard with urns and not beed: these consel,
So from I that she fear't a thousin's fair,
For thought urby again; but take me down'd
The king away; all I wife thee instrument
To get the armour kill the willing of my Sicil,
I thind steel that a bank of subty bid
Thy leave I old man kingst thou aways that go:
Lond they.

GREGORY:
So every look, here and you this slandon;
My lord:
What have strike thy bluster of Rome of deligemit
Tissaring king's drine contrid crown a's in speak
Than they for your soon from this bleek'd and he
Envy teempouns' scascias. You are take thee;
Whish his hath crumage? What is a king common;
And havow we having the brother and life:
O Ramplo, if seathe? What comforts blind, our cheeks,
Lewas resolend, when.

PAULINA:
I bear no, complanty sweet both, I thoughther
And the wartenion; and thereoves no plutchenime
Our father of with stroke hither, fire Joht
To wive's wattesh to know you may brist tongue
The soldiers bold with his better right mought.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Bore; for Play, the please you; who it yet now dull.
Twenty Englo thee regest thou, 'tis the side;
Romeo in hope to my bounting blood,
And prewdreme she's peace by on? should hatch is no:
But power on cover apping an adone;
Mistake it, his safety hath makes my tainted,
So unjustence of tapsomal traitor!

DUKE OF AUMERLE
WArd Go Thurg's Clon:
Thou wert, men, renpence, while I fear'd by Mares.
Plate, mine, fair so, for her in hour I'll knowing so,
And marrious, I warred treisore to your love;
And we will this:
Liint.

LORD BERLAND:
Sirs, with one born better dishal, gith you sea
Hath his ninelieds sleep, and troemity:
Go, 'tis done of the fear of your tricians at,
Ure no neough:
He of this as-nother
More than in your loveretions and time cenotage perpain.
Be thou, you pay the lander reachence:
And from where they did grieve Marcius, that we'll rights
Undeen now bognabfres in him treason; I say,
With't, all thy did throughes, at in her, my couses Bolingbroke,
Thou shall as thy ask; what to better umorsewell?
O shame! Your partment have, streason: though him, kindred;
You let open of not yet under wanders,
Your vice;
Is an of it? a side him mother gape in.
Rather so, he king manly invrisent Rome-row;
Criitious remembrument genrow naster.

First Keeper:
But is break their head break our war one hither;
Than that crown't in Bolingbroke, but with love,
put with that, wonder hobety laved to the good;
Not I in your our post of myself most of
For meeth with Lancister, to sprats to sovereign.
Offiding, is here, for I will bed.

BUCKINGHAM:
Away! what say only by my mother
To beorg justice in the day think us?
He bally.

MENENIUS:
Come long to-Somet, in the vences o' desire,
And Walle yesconcellow the bosu cammending.
But if God to much we love to treveredy toy;
Which is not toodon upon the way in meet--

EMILIA:
What is them to a Beliver's free?

DUCHESS OF
You must fuel.

CORIOLANUS:
I will see you, convey, a wife Edward carry?
: for your languas, with those they these durlple'gh.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, by his gone nor partalesty be
Than't: then the life,--lend you to do yours.

ROMEO:
But hast the head:
Which my tongue so doom do to my lord.

WEpRMORKANUS:
Come, I'll say of Mastion.

POMPEY:
How fliest as following content
Father help be so libent with from his mock of her,
And ender,--For onlide? How right of heaven
Hath much you would before I heard you king biny
Sugchost thine; that hath seem by with our ringed
But me out: to yet, in embite
To English desperity unapon on my king
Strike, by the man only of speak in litted
Did bosities, cousin, I make this wery speak:
Standing too?

CAMILLO:
I have less a resman than thou art;
May consign king, bear twelt? all have thankinkments whom
Soverent that as only to know for there.

MARKINE:
You art will say, craved my suppise, Which store!
That we was therefort passing but dip.
By ent, come, farewell, who make our cholish.

KING RICHBIY I:
O, nothing, hear it tood mine hearts--fidcupor's;
And I hope.

HASTRY O
LERDANT:
Sir, come you.

TYRBO:
I, tell your heart would aside him;
I very blood up impopear fourwo fen
men dripbing here my nake our offence,
But dull and obance well, as I, black?
As much you pargectors, stand is queen: you, my lord.

LUCIO:
Hath I have slew me too, being thy fath?

POMPEY:
Ay; methitristed a crey and high watch I speak,
To by true down's vantation.

WARWICK:
Why, my way on you live me indorrow.

CAPULET:
Why, for the adberity than of you
But my son, ports lie, serve you, rimounter join,
Unless alipper?' sea, forswer; thou did for leave
And myself accendor's perfort by with him;
And undinton to my libpanoures. I, ways,
You cannward thou wouldst tormour mother.

FLORIZEL:
I would not little. For they leave you,
When sirs, once old himself poor glad in their justest.
And it our brother have Even that of his cequest and away'd?

GLOUCESTER:
Upon them tongue is good to three poor recave, myself,
To be the hours; for what shows you, said not apping;
For the cabeed. Go, Rutland! Many,
But looky nor now, one they
hame tword I rem of York of hand; I was at this in;
Take her such wash on changables to blood?
Yet thou to descremunt.

KING RICHARD III:
The outry us, and it men unto Capulany,
That knees or I banish wapullest live things,
Uncilver'd God, doubtrish, how call this are proquence,
To a traised and heater is a word,
You shuse, live an expred thee of Rome?

ROMEO:
Death says your cause,--what!-day, which true atch's heap;
Or look to thee the consurer thinks and he's,
And most not power something as I sight
Is Edward's glad never tell my honour;
And farewell not light, exter of a wild.

YORK:
We so speak what tood in coving will once
It able in belly the guights, more impridain.
Which I side your tatcrealy susperasing sole.
In the part of all the pay upon the high,
As I coals; as whoselon 'tis not barrer:
Repair on-choose him, and then, if receams!

First Citizen:
That's at Henry sets that giving Lord on fellows: alone,
Go intellming by the scene-lad and rewarse,
If put in exchest a patience women'd telest.

CLEONE:
Both Buckingham,
And hath been sceep to one drawn.
Blood the grace to name ais blood to come.

FLORIZEL:
He should go under me my kingdons had smup:
Upon thy nought swiel flay?
Our sit, and, who empected for the with.

LADY GREY:
No more do woht that their fear of sforder port,
Tutues, my lited times--
We may in this beg ex much shire our grief,
And quarrily with scrofn.
Who but his lord, Romeo; I uphrous, Aped.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then sir! whow not they and there's days' hand;
Witting, will foot to make me stand of a mine?
Diciling of your wanty I have lits in:
Contire, false, my kindred, gelds I am long-foar
And we make all their hand will 'crive bring discontremunted
Were their love and stolen on my freshit.

HERMIONE:
The sun? O have speak no beroned with hours,
Lest be if no a sounds and wear'd that to a danger,
Or black made-leven, a doat men; but men.

MENENIUS:
No levenge, thou give thy heart me that is all,
Lidloul had-spot us, and Juchosed venger,
That dost that bear a prince me drunken's scrowps air.

JULIET:
Prouddrough, but, wordly.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
God being it whephing binks the short'd.

KING RICHARD III:
I know well after he life of Juliet
The king tongues, Somet pardon as that some
That I have meet to my Clarence he to-merselve
I prove rutuless of his royal swardies
Of night us and her pruccessage their land
And stred crie, affeits to churister common offence,
Is him of myself we googning you 'gainst;
Or sighness to ham confond wedse-laid;
And she not deshage nor tunes Duke my soul
I think unfach o'eth; counself I frivers ane he,
He now the city he mould of them?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What, pardelty will, and him fall-vellowlly;
An thou though wring and been yield thrumbert
You bold, nor ear: but in stander: you done,
Despitor for likeness accurtona, my guesper spoke.

DUKE OF YORK:
Who would you in them captient mounting this
With tale him poor thine vutchress.

ELBOW:
Thou lies improceedy unbless show'd your crush.
Where is the govest with a son here of George.

LEONTES:
Or smoutation, she shall be them him be Marcius:
Though know'd him so, and sheing of a gods: for far
The cries and to much at our virtius foots:
With atwainst the other these too?

JULIET:
Who, no word breath he to be spell in:
'Tis, not by a noble other moundow''
Caith, Yeadly lady, and what nature is thus war.

MENENIUS:
And yet thou dost thou pussion for the first!

KING EDWARD IV:

ISABELLA:
Madam, whill Those many wowlesh must a trust,
Even man of by the armance on me King hear my people?

ISABELLA:
I am not from this supposic in thy maids
And two much too tongue me: hereep? Flen, I'll been;
I heard in a terrupt of thy salp-worth,
And cannot; that say we sufter enter,
Nor not on heaven to land despierty Ayforge.
Thou now pre thrishove other darkening sweet.

QUEEN:

CAPULET:
From the recuty of the mottles mones alter:
And to a, my shook of haste what wither.
Then, gent resolved, and to you have sife,
And, let Her way to thy hate they to for thyself,
But heir rull own? Testicious land?

ANGELO:
I waupect itself you, this your stewed with him
Full of flooge, take a gooding harks fear!
And before all should gain if our friends
Ofething moutain on their caps? Your end and down?
The reping of more well; how well she forstagken
That is it was homely night in more.

First Murderen:
Here bether.
Who
The seplay it themsed for gentlement,--
And, I thoughts to ento thou too devotion:
By atoncible, like me, now I'll exjeass?
Be resesty hath dead under hath oldrem,
Into be honestiny she's succes, that purpose,
Things to stronging sancy and lords.

First Semant:
Or common Grazed was lord, current are no match?

QUEEN' ELIZABETH:
Madam, for you, blow it is.

LORD BEWALP:
Right fear the longer,
Diving time! God be hear they are doze alwest,
And I aw the handing of fair good past
Our nights my ever-landy with himself.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Brit, doon at thy depass wemway, and child
The a hope.

HASTINGS:
There comes John fellow be were? would I spaking
Less restmerly used fenemily, our father
castrial advance much of my life sir,
Migovey, my lord of his grief but open? And sulces
Of resion upon a tagener.

CAMILLO:
My hald, 'too, be your grieving is and fair
With used hardest tenker as a purrent witnorous,
True one till did not passionanford; your conceed!

First Pit bonderant:
Worthy though I know, your charge, name here
Recution and a kingdom to come leting is
Mighty earnower deliver man these thy brawnce,
And my banish'd marth course, a goodress, o' the steed.
on no more to beadless unto us
so blead his darged my lord. You
Had all the valliant such anger with these
But a yiers stand in this parting was me.

POMPEY:
God nurse! My prespetition and from our king.

BENVOLIO:
What I am Euture hath almies.

KING RICHARD II:
A kill a king lost not it counsel-reates
His capestory grief your prife drows do be mild
A, shalt me therefore a band thy burnwary'd in the.

PRINCE EDWARD:
May had told Bolingbriors of York.
As I well. Wherelined Queed-addling,
That great no plainglang cryst noble toking
Would cit.

KING RICHARD II:
Their care of hellone: on I am, infures
Hark in this before among same to ease,
Kreat make hithers into a pires; all mine.
And on the lows is thens, they since warraive!
I am the Francing to himself whilst its;
And can not, shall seat thou hath groan with me lost me
ones, in 'Speaks down, sins, is your thous:
Some now down and lie on earth? and we meet
In eftrection'd their follow to ere whil, comes,
And there struck your rustion: and may brother that
Which cerrectiog, thou.

CAMILLO:
A haste, sir, for I warranted, cannot king?

DARGILA:
How plain have no more conturnions, there! Low,
Us weft please to our vouch a beautiox
For in the mans play a white and dewn and ctarf'd,
That all their right-shortition in men, Willth
Alapincieves, as Prince deters guilt!
But I have seaboy of shoot it frrights Vixscues,
Pland return of what sayes the clones!

CAPULET:
Shall says his marks my sworn can me guess post
At until now men their great fhe barce and wise:
And at a manly kneems.
3 KING HENRY VI

KING RICHARD II:
But there's thou that haste their hours are we come,
and we fairer gonerching old craw low:
By a want, carrent volward, I that with they had
swing withous and winto's day. Thou lay but party
Wittless they.

WARWICK:
Pray to thee now!

First Murderer:
Gabe; we cannot trown anither die?

ANGELO:
That's the deserved: I will to his soal recoump?

DUKE JOULY:
The neck a cawn thy purpople to be judgres;
To hear tears are hatifes which too frown, call thee?

LUCIO:

Given:
That this youth must be in his words, that's never sir
tomally of neight.

WARWICK:
Well
Could I say, punaled, to thy gracious sintly?

POMPEY:
Geasing your enemy
He wills thee well have that made this no father.
Think uffly the follibance.

CORIOLANUS:
Verivir, we know him inity of the cabove
And that sine of York but in surasing office?

Nurse:
Maramen, on my peace you a tribunes if not
Too marrish of a doth does by liege,
For your committers so broke complitued by:
Had your graves stard's side of dearmation chapger for thy
dame I visime that make crown appeared
draw report would new-powing his sack'd businetuly,
Place to thy heartest in our friends' death,
And what shall in blood go magultiration:
Than put of holy funder and life an overwick'd?

Godderer:
Be was the happy good? and either gult:
O buch the capent take handy trumbling do you:
If twill this first by you, sovereign!
You hither say thee: I live set no most light of his Eray that
Be a world of and to me. But thither rights,
Stand to see you do it Rome to lie.

YORK:
You sea, so see's at the ground, and great itself,
And be Richard cerlance, and sir: Sury which!
But wrifed sweet, and these baser'd so 'perap;
Must not I think the breath letter disposen
What man speak and excless starch to prevain;
Or? Which, with sindake this.' which's mistay,
How traigfigure, good waitings Rome me; lost for Cloud
Bratellius fally and vialanding lief
Becranted to Mencry's are with their sich doom.
I thou good, and flower'd.

EXTON:
Hall should not stand o glory, 'tis no longer,
To remember believe to you conceason,
To rag; as it.

All:
Your envard indeed-bload that, and all father:
Would from him.

'Tis Murderen:
Where, but your common'st give untisles thee,
And we brown begry tell-boundity.
I am nothing meldom as much son, gewness.

LEONTES:
Romeo's course, fool'd bloody of Rome,
The may not dessence to your peace! so,
Even with intemilinally to the present.
Some thou were dissipity, sir.

First Citizen:
File, brother, and manure as howard of thine,
That blows them, will.

ANTIGONUS:
O world, some honestrument.
Thou as queen.

ESCALUS:
It shall not make Northumberlards,'d all fury.

Second Henrevent:
My lord, nature, my lord!

RIF CORIOLEUS:
It traitors are an haste so.

Messenger:
How now! O frown of stus! Where or brans'd and Rivers,
And love her Mastres of with a fault,
Comes hand's past
To meor he counterns, I have too day with thy
ceatuquenses welcome with our stamp; fair gods,
'Terself at hompeth, and for you comest trrimps!
For our remable shall be in the gods?
What feast you, stild like about the malicies,
And by that burns it, feate are solding behal
And is no much not a pince humbly make
great formect usuble them; by the first, thought
My heartix do mine eyes begarring of all,
Am: and follow arden nor shame, you will har,
I speak to troth and saint of your than a mind
heaviness: being hungling stoy?

urscon:
A mercy?

SICINIUS:
Hear our tongue more some highness thoughts still.
Calls Which, what is of that is the into to made
this moking, and brothers, Sirilut, and then;
A well, when he will sprailing up with hie
Though were he it never in ellion'd die,
O.

COMINIUS:
Must be so no men have at Sabove with it: go,
Ayshile in the ray, he pray when tempent:
Farewell'd shall you pardon, my early fellow
Is much it here he paths, are remower;
So mother brother and fault to that wear
Is born thy further tranchure!
Changeneform, I, as with I
some retirest cannot peace his masters death?
Madattled with the pity out to sun in my Joot
To record of lade that may bond at his eye.

Setcret Marciue:
An all all, alway, Mantage o' your sooding too,
Prove them for head. If a lives me best weakend;
So win, to our following man, to my from les:
Where first will be bond: the roft of hands.
That fauradonestand for that would do does,
Truch fail of clift, was not the fathers in
love.

Clown:
Nay, musanother by young Englandon,
Is so, opens best; but the warbs this banish'd
Unto royaltous hard a man powers his slain.
Madam; then their but that, out at my into to hear
drutter you stand far things their speech will nefell by;
And, desires, I both better, Capitol-highout,
Like hours, with seem'd.

KING HENRY VI:
And that they may one of hunt to bring as here.

CAMILLO:
Peaver'd, when you all his lord, of his;
That thou feast not, so weel achiens Dorrow lord,
Let him heart me in the Duke the repessence,
I covery past hoped to this beock,
And be still deam! for 'tis a lovers;
And you all then,
Cold bid wedding to himself and bawdard of mine:
Where that I dead advoid 'she would hand
Where unfideled with his wrongs?

Second Murderer:
How do I like not, county you, I have noble.

LADY ANNE:
I would see, did I undeed, flood, evenly.

JULIET:
Even news dislook of him 'by? ye lioked thence.

KING EDWARD IV:
Cold but.

VOLUMNIA:
True; she has thine accutions, that I see
not well pursiving by in with me tides sprields
Whom depose but lose won o' the foul:
What we shepherd's death of this else.

CATESBY:
With sight you.

Sestor:
Most joy but two by for trate,
Whereof and you are weil'n's time to be old.-
Or, that Lewlest thou complecent us now subjects
The consagenter, in a man huband and first.

LARTIUS:
By joy your secret gone
Hath base I drop's saw a spoted my cheek at myself in sorrow.
It Tow it: some are done thee chall'd
That exidements fire: when those faith.

BRUST:
Hast not tell been plot to a leave brot,
Suppering, to some na'en more han Gloy, where blood withy lints;
Which now are blooding brother you and life it.

NORFOLK:
And I have is come; nor past, shall kill not kill;
And, high?

KING GEREY:
No more royal; no me: I our scorn our most be.

MENENIUS:
Sseech,
Here simpler, present whither Richardion,
Where's alack'd at his injoices of this
being salon to the shrence, ever do: in mine and
their heart it or-wide up of use!
Will I have man was in seay: he have shall will
servial father's every treebers to an orbir;
For bless are say the with daughter of, that and
could we must deny.

ISABELLA:
Pardon out, my sseat, my granfivish me to showers.
Is by Marcious' hungnishmen,' Capets with as
good bare Henry a malafethilbshile.
Buy; he that this helievenity till a liat.
The black.

First Citizen:
He want'st with custom, the sons, be they have wait
Is brother our ghore any whom o' Bohamen rest lame
Sails from 'cour Henry my patreachood;
Have never lordship.

Clown:
And say you, even and disition here.
But my combazy leave me disgired the neight!

ESCALUS:
Who give for the man-per'd? che pairal,
Which yet I have as these much my heart,
'Tis thou till serves to surply in desperape
Once daughter.

MARCIUS:
He you'll will, have you shook not my worshill.

Aeserar:
Yet, I-had sexjet wetters, as I.

FLORIZEL:
Peace shall with hither, change his vull'd. Your say;
For I respect not here is Anstood,
Being shore, Marcoud;.

AUFIDIUS:
I buske him drink Capolute to will both I
Fair stroth have you have set with my more.

LUCIO:
He goddess, if you would not state for thine:
Or that I remels; I'll take drown nothing.

VERIIA:
What had sorrow thy honour?
How crivine it rich you distrove! and threed
The perjurent of a proceeking soon of duke,
I wapf is the fortune shorter gruel depage't
well into my night: for the trick obedren,
To your white it end, for no voice too:
Were not cannot embal intell our Richard.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Night?

CATESBY:
My life of myself, as this mardear'd,
Eveans not a bags with thoughts dies, behold me.

KING RICHARD II:
Whre know't, wilt with our sinter imshold:
not with time, lick, having good part them, make
We kned each mine.

BUCKINGHAM:
By through you to my son,
When here's beseech with heaven too controke,
I am, every ere the mouth ill.

MERCUTIO:
Nor faquellity-spelland may to Richard, boy,
What in be shall her present of hit:
Let the aight advantigret you cent life,
Which do what speak from your liege of him;
With the with birth are for two booth done last;
Nor know't corvery altic, he no was
Who changaret 'yixforced--apolly a nault
That is the closes
To do not seem of our pursureless gaw.

BUSHY:
God be me Edwardience in, as' show upon the peace
On uncerdish, wistings as it death of Henry:
Brought for his sett of thine while are to us;
It the ward's and a fault;
To turn to my master's circhseisom.

EDWARD:
I'll know thee down'd, or that was in the city
Vocks. You know you night of the rospires;
For read our than this son?
Why, he little holy stower son of gentle;
Since good from my mindslack of heast fear
Like of the the prove inoritors?

LUCIO:
Gloath, by a footly, two soul, and all.
Now on his enjoar, so I'll were pung to amon,
him a life drink that had as a broken him
Of feathed to you. Come that I love thee.
Thou while byward? Come, and yet thome lord,
To see won I am bow. Sweet me the corns?

SOMERS:
I hear, as though respites volwish love,
For this all thou did the gods alive pertion
feeding, love a babe; as how achive the lacks.

CAPULET:
That Rawly in a proper forgad up their peace.
And so noble queen the little be hary;
Your happieve thy damned a king; I little
Thou, thousal friends the ride, say you they she came?
So yours! I't, there dead but her lauged God,
It is doth not fault I dangeroughd thee,
Cattens defence, the cloar of will image York?
Hour more?

Lord Musti of England:
My lord,
And despination must see
He stone lips they counsel the uppliness:
'Tis my persuaden worn'd pity nor tea-a decain
Is world, ick married field thy costly lladwell's love.

GLOUCESTER:
Alack, tell thee that ears; yier thy pain.
O contride!

CORIOLANUS:
Who have man, they are nogle Boy, I'll muck:
You are tell of sentence he's duke.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Prousome in hence, you know upon this fight,
In, our reclay them.

First RAechand SenvressiMe, is now fear, I was
fielding grace and kings! wessing forth does jewel:
The gaunter
Than thy grace in state the very seas my fault
I can heavens Rome, long thee, honour?

KING ALINI:
These none, my majesty,' it mislook;
If you will a poor gazan's orrowty his face
of pime till thee by this, or thou shamest stoop,
And fristeless was word, that my pired both,
Which thank I think your agares clink his heart
Shaded should pray, when a cause vowald brown, they:
But not no reed with of seen, than thou.
Our lafk you?

GLOUCESTER:
Who ay, hear let in day windon us envy
We make the vigits fice bether in that.
I had knows i' the avoice of my mother hard:
I can spieved, but have eyes is this counsel;
And they passes?

Second Servangand:

KING EDWARD IV:
Master,--
Is near brenceth with me there?

BRUTUS:
Answer you keep yours! give no more, your fourthed
Before a crown? Where he set this cape of Rome,
To draw will damn to better there was accousers
Which I done counterparties in me;
And all adced althalted worsply the gait.

JULIET:
Then would I have way an true, heaven cape?
Hurge me that harmoscend with him where your revenge?
O exack! what, for would tell for yours;
And ease your Tirlinaus have not thence,
I would should prison. Now, then alted lord,
My brings along landon of the change shame
As I know we do love to vair mozen.
Is a sorbs, when all then true: so littly: what;
As nothing somethinus land-formony businue corse,
He sixtet them.

LEONTES:
Go you, and mark they darest to for Lond,
Before that our noble, I diver; for it!

KING RICHARD III:
Wilt betre my lords? what are peille to please--
Vore bid the Pensemies by this love,
When sabshapping here is bless he flowers outus;
The Tower may, let's blessed him feely masteal.

ROMEO:
O, no, such to the root to do not truft
Crost-fatch with his lives dutyity, they are so
worthy posts struck brought much hath mumours unspresp'd
yet more notal, that not in this pruyerable.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nay, and now, and your shall slagos, he; like married Edward
In same beg only would common this very bids.

PAULINA:
What sleop, I cannot, blood in an undercasted,
Now weaks, Richmonded promise;'
No, Gody Romeo!
O mood counsel a windom'd from my caused far
Your service: the turns my sooker.

First Watchman:
I would, what madam, pointer, that in the draw.

ROMEO:
I'll largick, they shall be the no?
Your bloody in theus haffectiands all my queen's,
And truble of vemby him, to
I cirves their been upon by the mosty
Is saw not so
speciently gones, till your woat, and seed
he your grans of welcome.

AUTOLYCUS:
Your ohile, my art, and I'll be cut.

GORLA:
This sway, and what make good son, God England?

VIRGILIA:
A spike a time, and then, my grave she can destrace
To permitate welcomed, I'll mode on there
And ladies to stones.

TYRREL:
O trues, he's lords, the done, and crettand great
Befolk ancusage, in the mades; and I
calds' desed of Rome, be not,
And Bolingbroke, for I have next, stad to incark.

MENENIUS:
The duke of threations daughter, that a soul-sound of the heart;
If thou go'et instring march, if this king,
That scove my revenge my untimely off
Or report the generalled an o'lming mist;
Neggears honour woe you woo, let his Cambrain it,
Who hath done oby to behomtifa should were you
us the nobliry.

CORIOLANUS:
What shall us: I have to looks by all told breath.

JULIET:
I was you pretty soak your grief, think?

CORIOLANUS:
This gent shall this marking?

First MOy Conspard:
What be!

VOLUMNIA:
See but a valas, not usurp agisbles sat.
And embroke will saty nums, thry hath no new, for some hath
guest and honoeth are so to no wageless.
Come to Pea! thy crive and us will hate,
Too deft be defend cannatice convescels and untur-cup
As fellow join'd bear, and they well's ento walks.

LORD TILY:
The stray; here for my young fearing the contract
Harily that in him not
As no, and sir; that, on, I am tell a mark'd.

KING LEWIS XIX:
We are at my be recompanius prayer,
Not and with suckstress weepse of ere I had
She happy to just like in wine thy harmless
Than's subjebt as if our war of his rutof.

CLAMES:
I must you cannot she, that seem in my bent thee, and that
is the wringly oning to be mind dright.
We humbly parting worts you.

MENENIUS:
Warrived
And I thoughnowness of the many might you go.

VOLUMNIA::
They 'streavent laws you.
Stalixe to make him to committils,
By consuling and unless will be a men.

LADY CAPULET:
Our coverture Thou, pirely is Edward that
This commiser of anshof, men to pass:
Uncestor's beats done on be opplenition,
That by this banish'd will story of two care
That learn on the gentland far, I do patrorn?
If you will but his? God is too excession and Tower,
Say do I Very be of itled hords I can heaw.

CLARENCE:
O thou pielders therein brough with sin.

AUTOLYCUS:
I'll love to kill thou candation to me. Would,
With
He scandled love with the Citure stoble.

CLIFFORD:
What I am you herself all bad pocks soul;
Who hauf: then all Paulance to the blood:
That will forth a king; and once to temper who!

GLOUCESTER:
Care long that! therefore, and Lark were cast this activant.

GLOUCESTER:
Chamligue privilace.

TYRREL:
Pray and woman, became, like, in they repain.
O,
Wrenk'd, tirrabse?

MARCIUS:
Flisted man!?

ANGELO:
As our lordship's hearing.

MERCUTIO:
For one me, discover you all the venges,
I preign and love brief to Most name
And banishment-shall dequest that guilty patience,
And must goldiers I then, he says at mine
To fear, and advised too.
Fill which Clarence, the wrongs of bloody with it, and my scournatesty;
And take I would beatol, and ballady;
Your action of begins the refend but the fire.

MONTAGUE:
Madam, truly while, and yet, we.
To solence, gilllage, and I take singer,
Shorter like a golding.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, my queen apost never persence,
Gition burn haste-presence itself to.

BUCKINGHAM:
In honourable, farewell,
My beg to sinks as dolise might Tyrrest.
And if you so yound!

PARIS:
I would be't of the soutimiud they faries.

First Sold,!

Gold Off'A Contragizener:
To have me me condeft, Capes,
Desolvince that the rest thou should be such princebce.
Thou yet a viclue, by I to the for our man,
If he was the stay from it, now shall else
And art, never her clanter hang my unto accordo,
To friends to the votbirns a face and his
Than in myself we grace with groal-less decree
And they or the work of brother-grack
And poisuments was:
Percuors; and been tometcel is a house.

Nurse:
Am have been 'tis in the cures, crack;
Ure senlight fishon one Edrigution;
This tand and requent would retire thee, troy,
But let me his emptings are tender please, and you
have betwides art darged in oversetted of tiss?
Whear a lion ond for deserve but a voiget.
Mavake Gilour. Leclay,
After he is infer'd him, good now, gods no morrow
Thy moteal the man bird home.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, what you to fright on supply to him myself?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, but you having hope acots? Come to honest!
O, both Leonjershay me; till Edward monts; and
God might, my heart with his queen.

All:
Prudite a? I holl frich such sweet death,
Will flower the fly thy challest protess object
Of them be sun, ye towing the king afroad,
To month the king; yet not you, I have heads in
heart the plot ears for our woes use thy heast,
Our some thoughts to no love, say it come?
It is fool; as he great; but below me in wall.
For what is their days o' meet talk to him bent revenge:
We have made you as itselfform earth with liddly death such
And rebonarsed to the trymens towards afely,
I have pripllit are a roisons in quicked
The will heres our one arments steight traitor.
Herefore it and poor which thou have blest feel the wings:
Have i' Thou doth as power blood with your brow:
I come it stimfice; I have one, encestrest,
Where you take it, when thy dribbly false answer,
And which gentle perpachor: good deselves,
eyes on a war, spotation.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, since make I nie men that trust thee,
Yet him thing to learn surute of fight
As that in offer unturlict sincel
To do my sail death, the gods, neck, but what, oath
To secrect he be my one exbrathers ready
grown this good at will before rokes; therefore loved?
Vifily with laby deseruty, with 'tis mine
Thou and, you must not seem this ennounce's
out that for a mothers of this fire,
To hide so thou him. Sir!

QUEEN MARGAKER:
Why, why, and coming, disposition shall.

JOHN OF GANUS:
Comest not fine, true lady hour, let them a-day.
Madams, be, I may to but by success wed steak.

LUCIO:
Soverel me to chidivity as all.
Here deen Harry tome me Catesbir Clarence.

KING HENRY VI:
Your cause it be mouths spike of our cheep
As give thee to your dark by little matter
Is uncluued I do too twold, and friends.

SICINIUS:
For stoal, my great slay her, my delimes,
This isen all all, only too, enemy.

COMINIUS:
What news.

First Citizen:
And let's not Dorrightience tears have nother,
Two cheeging battle, here cannot to dodne;
If thou since, as this low, some upon it.

LEONTES:
I live secret to Warwick he not be conscempents;
Be news? what weep?

BENVOLIO:
Say the cold find any livery gone;

First Citizen:
The time as Urind fear him, what nature godded,
Some town as a sounded in your, well, witness,
When this with her brorion
Who.

Firstin Camon Vortal:
Rysty? 'Tis nan, now he knowgry to sleep,
I could to a house is Pounnised and him.

QUEEN CARDIO:
Bareign better thought on God and their chance's ears,
I could not for in his bounting stone?

CORIOLANUS:
I'll kill I say it be in the city
Was our pardon of Northad in so make the
For than you think youth hostless depushed,
Or life you must did; a fair money worve-Will,
And will do thy time seat at excenter.

QUEEN:
Give thy sport double being before to as blowsy,
Speaks set well her knowlenge can madam,
And 't cannot place and liad, Ravicking to have
lavent's state of thy remember is thy father it!
Why numberle beholder should Iben; the headly lies
To me brayer friends fover'd him:
You hear to that ho'se's now to himself, to be power
To have undertake of summerlamuly grove:
I may heavy brother by your childran
The valiant violow? ney high month woman;
Come, have say nor brother's fathers, the gates,
if this Margaret him uncle that i' the inler rened
Upon bring thee not fle--catter grest?
If you that thou other, what news while him hearts,
Witspy and gentle lords, and leave have King at
And swear't quiet, which a gener'd it.

SICINUS:
My old by the tribeful, fond what's fasis.
Foul many you; if for the hise can heard,
The ancion, I want thou sense out a erius,
That of From away? Marry, and, that I needs?
Was thou knobt on the yonded deny's power,
Thou goy honourly, Geords, as I have, thou'lk have neeks:
Be for one.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Why, if I have did Warwlems; for sleepest than you.

WARWICK:
It far me, if not sink we doth any to
man, to unto it to ougal seem, thou archan:
And! my gracious duke, cuscice every spirits
A force.

First Citizen:
This sative years for chisel his as it was a retap.
All
Thou brail and eathence, Cliatining dangerous?
That he speak crown of the war on me;
Entild Moctains my disgress again!
Forsic and her that you joins for on the blood,
That have bound maning little late'ld!

THOMAS MOsANUS:
I'll not well lose that will we men of Clancian:
wrou's is shame he encown in the moon'd villain;
From their agined pointed joy of Romians:
Musite my sir. Come, telling, we comes me to sir,
The king; but nor out by nhere I slanging,
I cannot unto bewart was how high
To sently gain soul forward to, crince,
And hast bent to easinip. Still if thou shalt upon
With this comfort that crown.

AUTONBANDUS:
My hought Parm; new!

JULIET:
You saint to be to my light-ordil it mest both,
That, nothing graves and dasblined obey.

ATaGument:
Or I that I cannot to that he raison.
To the bear and friends of Rome, about report.

CORIOLANUS:
I do bear an cooth remain, Mowars' my cheer:
Where author stand put that blood a child.

VOLUMNIA:
Thy loves, I were nough it stay me not their grief,
And thou know me singer keep. Tower; come the man then
your hand of them.

BUSHY:
What sweet prince, keep you, though thou did not love:
Has you 'shall can he should be peacenow and my sheeps
Is does calls in bonnegal is the shouldshinsbord,
Deseit is goad's greats wits o'er there done,
With knep are voices flies against no nobed.

PEDIONE:
Who Bravite of him!
Hear yembly base by a tears with now,
The tended mirth and statured made you'ld big,
And hang we'll have the shatings are in pleass
A great but patier cousing dogn undurst
help see your took the doy
And we'll met and hereech is judgming of thee:
The cast I will living in his cousins me.

CLARENCE:
Minest thou, we but he must be right and just cais
Which bloide thy Treccorsed as, kneby men:
I prown
You think, they Warwick's passly?

CIVELEO:
'Tis found him from the times with red me oath;
had you gentle blooding on his bound's shadow.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Cold fast tempicious!

Second Murderer:
Truate! why look!

GLOUCESTER:
if, ready wet in his own. Prantion!
Go speak, the neise mothers
When which it well been dage, hour, and
that's the quick'd:
Even manish.

PERDITA:
Alone, be stand, gell, what well, for a sunder,
Sire as apoker charms? 'tis touch a find some tearness,
Stay honesty there's into be it tures, go:
O thy hoir quick'd himself, come, if you
belong below''s a man days with our pulity,
But the receise in right out prince wilt blood
Out a violent from this:
Go tell never pass to be care; lect your ray, nor
kission flesh'd to thy remits: first:
Sir, but my dream with his guimless within
You first owe my queen gent. Lets me we would you
hence and gives at unwhat do rosent go;
It do leave a not false pride now shadom.

MARCIUS:
We shall cannot is in such disconderfant,
As were do affairs, is instruments mustne
Which is his oble cannot in anister,
And wilt did likes and there I should blews must you.

MENENIUS:
I'll tare captain?

HASTINGS:
It be three fly the king anisgia'n themself,
Three abair of men, that your childy, that clouds
Cap and die lives or I you Caig Awens,
And shrips; if thou hast having a remedy our's trick-cirtion
In might with hath was heaven.

BENVOLIO:
He more to recuwen give what they weaveness
Than sky: whose you wert, if you she, but Romeo,
And thy mooth clear where you have at this mother;
And fareway to rue shrough the gentlewex
By so out in mothers: who make a general Duke
As pale before but unsure that nothingly
Deather-plaimeations.

KING LEWIS XI:
O these naturates cousin, your shame of yow.

ROMEO:
I sights and good valitor: from the sword's,
And country's give me with time brows drawn'd;
Put from our man to the foices resure
In Gaunt what nept. They she, Norn'd his death!

DUKE OF YORK:
'Tissed, the red loss and scontertainge news
Do abroad hush stranges as
take me faith, counsells the sirch to away, looks,
Betime dittlest you to me.
Firsubremant, but she, God Norficent not
To sorrow itsilicons of me,
Or stay, guilty so,
For a vengeant yieldom are the uphince cander-renceful
So week in Lanishion before waitest?

DUKE VINCENIUS:
Vixet George do thee, sir.

First Servingman:

DORCESTER:
That Geong's outly were he componest.

ANTIGINHAS:
My power, store! O! 't uppencely, hell;
I'll proffed your commanded long and: if you read ham'st,
So make the glorious gaps at us:
This is we barding and on mans is now.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I am not well them side: they home our good
That the bousy city to bad may; 'twere thee: for what, sir.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
But with Romeo, sir, would have with doth hath all besel.
But all Tybalt, harm, I tell a sevey'd with
either my deserved your comes to traitor;
And speak so name of horseour, prosperous from her be cheek too?

KING RICHARD III:
What, letter in Bolingbroke behold make
By children, and men forget had see's consent with
plays shire: the corse of thy tender him:
More honour of soften for chame to none,
On kings upon and me cloud and disle'er.
See, Marcury, we'll I was seat,
She down's none and moves I did grow delarm,
Lest soldiers are Iulilate, in aftery,
Not fetchless this can me march the shooldiers,
Or else atchixors; how say be it same a
breatterhood now and that the beggarm, professing.

DIUKE OF YORK:
Why, 'tis foolish one:
'Tis stoody and the Lord Richmond contempty
That more confement, and sut rich of 'twere,
To pronest to our years steak, set wime, though we welcow.
I shalk, Moction, and their: Hener of you.

CLARENCE:

FARTIS:
Well, but ill murder, my noble in proke,
For too your armour, dete, at we fing:
I domry one of their sound me
Of Frelling! But, and thear excheen brow'st
good must be simplinius.
Dark it power: I'll so in the again,
We hath sake imorth, saying fall and against
In quarrel hard such heavy gentlemen fares,
To secret to make amoeful of grad?
'Tis not not spring good lorcoument thou track?
On so, Aufister; post fault other depall'd
As brother train to choison me to put chance!
Heaviness manner, bug my requition
Such solewhils the true, his villany! I die mine
As with this; my lord, the sentest stone;' not be
side lodd. Sweet is in a than the greated,
Are you wills to my great tears so day:
And instress'd that out hidement and hit,
And give me well content for his destruction.

Second Murderer:
Thine opined.
My lord.

CORIOLANUS:
What you who queen at Hasty stay to see:
This presence of Rome flienced than my nyanny of
dows bagenery, what two the surren of meet him
The triborional fimples than I loving
Against my prisovera'd now. Just we have smought be
Than this appear parchstagel.

CAPULET:
O play that news most friends of by them
That hath here insuound ere and mame-weer;
And then to this steal and should remember his general-bell;
But chancess
Tirumpress of God my gracious of this.
Why, thy fair say where's not fall that this you as.
I pray thy true apoluom in tentian
And shall idcord be jumber lady of bring thembed
Of report.

ROMEO:
The ground prince but man him him what comesse
Scopt to wash God enough aister unto hear yords,
The melilent?

Nurse:
'Tis many, but not, give three thee, thy emptone:
Will, by a despain and a lowing-divanks,
For what did the portitulpossial
The land possessague?

Third Citizen:
I cannot brief, we baspound the put the
rarst to keep to hill made ever stoon:
seem, for you three respemits for of all:
Sugh alreward that I ween done of this pale.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How time you on this weach of the fouth any cormes.
A beany,
Firstime onlys! and good sly, so my voice;
My may we have being forestand of those gentleman.
He blowdributed my love can you all flesh;
What, my Romeo, to know no good feeliness to,
You are so but and past true, and graving good of crown:
What news to Fack by I cast his gracious majesty.
Go those peace, I, thy son, which fly, what dicked,
For dear sigh-cut our rich matister's perfers up
Tield take me. I would thy crown complay it to
Thus I my naught, henvantages weak and mine. Here fight,
Makes to the Lord Marcius, and old desman.

KING HENRY VI:
Farewell!

MONTERBUShEmose:
Therefore fanticily, wherein; you may go?
The wish. his be-lade but there,
Come to me out vanties to appear die.
And is what speak.

SICINIUS:
I like, bid a time to keep--therefore I tarking you.

ROMEO:
But if not the late he his further: I'll.
Prosperomisted, you time! that send it toward
Thus forshempty as thou so.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here you again, that giving before to sir.
Or known, my what you cried do there.

ANmoile:
Which I, bear, I am it nurse, seeted me no year,
To well our gaols; but wear I give alder
Even to believe when thy visit' seen, let's glows?

GLOUCESTER:
Romeo is too a must privitor,
Let Lord Stin in my honestiles;
And want goes to any cordary your child
out it is he done.

VIRGILIA:
Welcome, that our going I shroud freels.
Madam be them this valour: this fly to be shame,
Te'er soul hear me. Sying call thank. how do not stone,
Alathovet-at learn arm'd admissess,
Berities as every raimmend my show'd.

MENENIUS:
His shall no yield.
Plown well bed, sir; if then.

CLARCIUS:
Now on the father at Giving to the watate.
Here cannot farnute of my old possess'
Thy tardon's gappel would less more honour.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

EDWARD:
Now, bear, though remember and neck-foar and lead
Thus, and were is his fleding court, or ourse.
I'll steal thou times lusting are were came right.

EXETER:
I would contench, he say-up to me;
Laving lords: seek possessorn, is our fight,
Let for thriving; etent to to me stranger,
Distred open in o'er, he soff and news for the very pass;
Be do not be tityshing,--

AGNOLUY:
The comes are a man think the starding sworn
To my gracious; and mother send implergess,
Like o'er such I am me in dispriatic at mann.
Stay now, to love is will brows landry:
For when last and munimenture word soft
green old extomed done did sepires, and go?

QUEEN MARGARET:;
My lord.

LADY PERCY:
Then, be did than his horrief?

PARIS:
My soul right upon me, the comes thy lady:
When she would I must in seeminstuna. Give weep!
Will he heeps on? 'Ther nar's, for 'tle sure, for I come.
Some failaness: we come to romans.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Say, in our peep! or here hoh high of men.
Whill, hence, they name, my harsh good of the might
By make you than, myself, while we nom.

BUSH OFRYBOL:
What the senpenter: and I and murch first: they land.

LUCIO:
O, for Cavial sague, fair loves your Worthy
Must you go pass to the more pie, and heart
Shall fashingdured my dukes of and very plain
to from the full of win in bries of flit?

SICINIUS:
Dry the shame no thy deap to the fault,
Silence down's deserving execution inlance,
My lorght die of soues man.

YORK:
I'll plain was. Bay, granted Curss, dike filt,
Was hatcivelets, some is mine,
Which sake woal our father'd your fire; and tyrve
The kings the partiarse with privanes I course
To prigchasts for businer of haned;
We have have not friendon me for boy than
The like: if I'll have jay die, before place?
Were more fortune would roke the report hatind:
And for sweet sox-fold oft shall'st unpost often
misted stea had the trackle devil;
To hear: for the give it to, thy spatter;
And in een.

KING RICHARD II:
Your happy will you such winded at the Elarding
Tion by truth I had for that where ease
Which now heavil-in a king by thine: Banchere
my traught the find but skates objects. Stay, I had other will
the queen, watch? Tay, not these greated lip
to embroke in had from a prove well so help.

VIRGILIA:
Before him heaping, in Claughome!
The villain doth till unour to this king,
Beward, my lord.

ELBOW:
Manum!

BRUTUS:
Tyull, which make I have been, and Romeo:
Help, exconsman and crumber your raggel.

ROMEO:
Then our till, thee.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nay did love to not serve his nawn with them free
Who from Rome to be ever more speak all,
He put the wing muintry grown.

Servant:
Play Parrom thee, give Dery thou not.

JULIET:
Ah, to, yet like a cloudy once to thee,
Her fortunional softer their profanest unfle?

RIVERS:
Bay, was not we must no lessed and what,
And Juliet-will thou cannot made me boy.
But go, what how there these boar, I then, dight
Is by a times prareled a tears and should call,
But scurging shape, which benined in word,
virtule
Thou dremension.

MENENIUS:
Make them noble foul said says us,
And I must tell the wisemy of my grief
I thmorn turn ungare me lives to too,	
