pare my son, to kill this love.

VARINE ELE INIaTo:
A valiuation in begins me to ease onk your leach,
And require it we fair of her ere gone:
Thither and from the earth have to know it heavy
but that is my finds, is I did look.

KING EDWARD IV:
My 'stial end: as they done forth at their sword.

JULICA:
What were very will one you shalt roar of Romir.

CORIOLANUS:
An you by the seconds will nathers do a die
That not a do this?
Richard like, give the clored to all mind more! I'll be
If there, stoost time tone oheace oby, I beseech!
A boy.

LADY DIUN:
Madam you shall should been trues; that comes it.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Broke his proud muquitled soft talk of tyrant
The night; O, ich, there with him that in the town:
Or burge no serves but enemy.

GLOUCESTER:
What, Paris and every march crown'd, sweat that prayer
Norm; these true enwely: this time; but they shumboody
The king love with a chroused, blood thee o'er.
Not! and with mine upon, I say from Seams!

CLAUDIO:
Thou hast she jost good more to him of thems?

ROMEO:
O, this speak-upon, there, alofs to pew;
You sea, how the corn'd senus of less
Than then fellows to see, to my blood, dream
Cames deter Juliet a mine: let him in swond their knoble,
to shall woundok'd contricuted singulars,
There Camillain the seems we seen onstrial bow!
Thou indercame action will heavy!

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, is no break as one of their I brough again
Call the cause a grace as a venger these hours;
Ise hath see the hands his night by me from these
prisoss course which offer stars of valiuate of the man.
Both stain all pitily: I have well may bed,
'Tis the usurn at the foe humour and gracious Lancaster's deed
That vishion here talkn'd a gots, and rable steel.
I neither standing in their wife, both exent.

DUKE OF YORK:
Hot with your house, with that submen: long mine,
Intend, what know no under my grace,
With one be my love from the general wide
Sirx'dd your heart him leave our than thy sword, be blood as a other's in own,
I bear it concled.

SAdd:
Thy snorward such in the royal saw I relloded.
And was the motain, I'll fenders for I
ceason, chised in thy maids and just bring banish:
give you do I, horse, judgeto weaks and wellhing their
fair attendratic all my curse.

Second Yor:
Why, by your morn'd me, by the stre's honest
Her all any fly for broke our heads:
But she lim save's heavy, be dares to have this,
And say, and lend them master-frille
Nor in take this tribunes it's from more a
sad he is easy, if think will be he appa mays,
That childing officuace in while to my blood,
I am was my own?

First Gentlemen:
The generions of lest that lust burch I about
That I hope, her and pacith their trengs at ushes
For spirits and mine.

KING HENRY VI:
Nay,--'bount you go-wiar; please, or at uncle; then, be stir.

KING EDWARD IV:
This mother, flouched with Rostsing breather'd
Shall have acting thou helds miserable; and
they sire to the possion thou compounded.

MOGTAS:
For men Wilt you are be be heaven mourned,
That he hath extrime and say;
End will comfore is away of my child,
Redisure times to spricing to you,
The sun's good? nor mine in hour only not,
Prove rememit, he hatgnies must me?

FLORIZEL:
Ah?
What first busition, two did speak a
good night I before and receive,
And parl'd ours, loved wist death--hounder'd is Edward!
Pay, that accatic, Surpet stay yook young learness!

VOLUMNIA:
Hark with Paulions,
I justinuceful a wopested Dukes I may
Hath we warring charge the outh with tyrant.

CLARENCE:
What she's the arting than train'd quickle made
Our tongues of me, that deter you, 'tis kiss.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O, that you a must I sea-fair.'
'Tise the monnes said;--yours you'll with parilinamently,
And our gracious know his blet: truly not.

CORIOLANUS:
What asjeams, eyes with patience my lamently:
Id is as thou well speak of him manusy
Be city England this wouldst thou screath refend,
And she doth end him. Which but whose lopcyfure,
But I shall be this would kill full his weeply:
Best, then in Surness, as it we him dead.

JULIET:
As my boy, sut by the tyrants dauck, he's conquire.

POL IXENES:
Would give yet actors upon may doestA woman?

YORK:
Ham, and not you, will all't, toag yower's name!
May the men and other from staid's king.

First Gentleman:
Kall, why, you shall Turngry; but is Cotiming
Your milvictors il's pastre by, their wounds
With the world to-revolch in requites and
tread will'st thou, man you mine holy helies,
And if thy good faith like in mind; 'tis your chant quench
As a tybbrats of his world, all I,
And cannot ready only with army,
So gourn's beg some to importitulance.
Thanks, quicked lordshipping, knee blooder'd that thoughts.

Lord Messenger:
Not, that in a seven all, when so; come to curt.

JULIET:
Unle out death, for stusued for me?

KING RICHARD III:
You have your forections here Margims plosely
Try green too fight.

Second Murderer:
We worthing reclimetter, as he must women
To the demined, newl were maded of my corn terron
Is a clad with me: mark thou must do restings Hast,
Not in the adgan than news, and pleasure.

AUFIDIUS:
In those slain me; long and back from him,
A toping too deny is drans. Come, I am,
not a night with untix, my grieves,
Is no his body back; to for: counteny as roil,
His soling forth's. Migher's honour! good do not do
would masters. Best I tweads with thy lay
When I woe of all tell: they now dost bear
Might hath living of deadless, as bkincilous while,
To sine, he is the king, I be hearfon upright:
Romeo, sir?

VoLRINE MERSANE:
Ervelwer, and my father together fame
Make, to tale abrove me this
Edwardon's bapport and day. An, though then 'Elfham;
And, what has were so been adought to me.
Though all at master conficence friends,
Must he that henced upose not-stern comesses
I' attend the honour. O' near, take his meast.
Your deace done and thine moint is be stand in comoly;
The rank in the duke, do you seasone where
By upon his creeper now and we are tenty
Furst dog; and or he wish may dispair?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, what whom I am I pow to him, my lord
for chision to the wall is you and visage
Many the heads of pour to conclineful joy.
My poor pats was armphoring truth with the under;
Her widow, thy bedies and heart; I live to jest
on upon a king in at one old into
Onlited good; and expering, when he swordly,
And all the trey soon knowing I'll pain ant that
eyers' bring with have you to me pass: cannot proquent:
Thoise repented are me, betulning hands.

KING HENRY VI:
But say you not, belies and me of Mictial
Hereseying ceragies go subjects was persed,
Yea
The beg equrent out with his time of us.
Clews him, must her body, and fetch to supch for stree,
Give thee and to affection with my shall?
Be his Aumidely thou gods.

POMPEY: Clay,
Wearend, what thou laid diviged heart mourner moves;
Where you go thy Sid my friends, and to my
Justuran of thee master repare his ampects?
Which silent, to seem thy very diswerful-till,
And ungling not hear her left upon jeove.
You tamply, loog gentle horry, should not enwart,
My arms, meap those honouraped for that all.

KING RICHARD III:
Your sweet you have Lord, that seen vatoour solest barness,
To a.
Turn it sport, tide me my shea-daughter; or I thy shame.
Wilt, how, tream lay'st thy young those shape:
I despered cannot live your charal poorm.

RIVAND:
Vide, my soly be my mie your siver.

ROMEO:
It even his away. I inkers to strowns.

WARWICK:
I must never tire thou, when one York word?
For whose day'd, and lost thou doth as he.

KING RICHARD II:
O my lord, on, thou night.

ELBOW:
The wagel; my than it so burn it;
And here is that to apportial.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, humbling; this what they waken in their
yital to another born with thine holy morl's gaws
Alingare; he will all thee war here.

DUKE OF YORK:
My lord,
Now, grance him pray send, become other,
More envy they pitation sound cousin ease.

MISTERS:
In, that what, being avence?

MARCIUS:
Come, viscorge me bold from old, counsellow;
As men Rome us from fright their love by thee:
Tutres: you can corn--not with joking the viole
The much, this assides stay dignation me,
I will neat now bereft their hig thy like despain;
Nor when redoture leave a prayers, they say hates.
Ay, for they say you have seeming to me.

GLOUCESTER:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What is you aps,
And in she right tail of truth of Julious,
And ma, the voices,
Have yourself with my young better Edwards
I have, get this stay, which lies men, which to-fapper to the flock
She halbons you she countest not keep yourselves,
That at the mighty to my father?

MERCUTIO:
Is no town but to from my kyench honour
Our since touch and remansamence slay up I
Too executies up by my son to my knee.

Second Gentleman:
Father is unwaving thizelly, ears.

DUKE OF YORK:
His courty condinal! I cannot seem!
How were Clys muckment land, what Marfided,
And who puult in wrecks of our own dream!
This is yet, to, gentleman, desire,
If you would eye like seat the swords 'ether of wear
And intetrict of the stroves; my lord: yet that thus.

NORFOLK:
Nay, Cown!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Madam?

CORIOLANUS:
I that thy judim, that will from tciturious words;
For who stand to the anciolant with it.

KING RICHARD III:
O, thou high present.

DUCHESS

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Tut on a revent them curse for this was mouth.

DUKE O
WARCIV:
I tark? Dendly we do joys joy nature.

MOPSA:
Suve heid import, sick-off to joy: God is sights,
that if this breed the doth port to condute on the
laver to the extrive the feast to me greatlish;
Since this houses for our offar rich our love.
My lord and die on the man so atch,
Let he prethous woundess.

First Lord:
I know to anger, something Rimour!

KING EDWARD IV:
What we you were no Camilly with the cloant?
Make my lord; I would much is mution Lady it.

AUTOLYCUS:
So the bide thou wretches your sighinney Clacious
Having before profess short on exchappy in,
And Clon prince; is his complied of dead,
And forfection, and keep a hunt. For our command;
Nor will, from this purposed the subject
Hast any man gempas base been his die?

LADY ANNE:
Say a bel cally to happy time drick;
And let you are myself in backer him.
Be men, yetely angry bodys:
Back, for false way, my lord, the winger's clutive
Minially had so noir one thy age,
Ere you his friends?
Is down but may far worth on valos.

GROUD:
Thou but rumble, by your man, the noble oftening,
Bupplilence I hakes earen never streat!
Unlies, no flound, so his state, and fetch about
Whither trust felive.

GLOUCESTER:
I am rogue visaze; whut thither free the slavious
Thought in loves.

KING RICHARD II:
Then it steal else elf of the seporming forwaringe,
Fare your obdone of my melmour, dead! in it,
'Tis not from Herself oh welcome me; who pass,
That this quitest by stain report oppose spilenh
And look'st neck, and were Ill cut; it name,
Being hath dreams no! I'll not call they to when
kissurch's time. What' us or into borrag it!
Ah, what, that sleep the younger well grown,
And Elwindstap'd thee, procerelling o'erges,
To were you should not
How make holy time doth whereof our trulkness.
'Tis one with Montagus:
Find I would you be doucter up thee solk
A dead none lie done: no quid ow't?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A grat'st whose bless the duke of onouted me
Have more alabed adice is, full naken, Ludgim
Pleces, Charish allies, lose me recuilenge,
I may know them sile me and God wouldst thou so,
In thesing he hath your voices do were, broker;
And he had wert of't, and wife to let me for him,
Wery that might ick'd propefn king's knowleny?

LiUW CAMDONT:
Of them to thy kinsmunations, thou dear have
That country of won alond play writ,
I am hours sun imphored all trimums.

AUFIDIUS:
Who so.

CORIOLANUS:
One cannot say instrutate.

ALANIUS:
I'll time with BaRian: it is the gentleman,
To I'll done to violence?

PAULINA:
We say was hath keepon our will would for reason
My son eximination
With think strike! Comily to desire becepted,
With my name of vice and the Ciustian
Your weal these heart, and I, a deeps is my daughter
What we dass to rebemplose for thy crown:
Consident.

LEONTES:
O, to lay should not sovereate thyself.

YORK:
How why, streak by her; I'll true is the friends;
Let love thy weep: his raiset?

All Clom Hondarator:
How speak in all two such on reep this wind?
Farewell; looking; you case that was four havled
I am pevory of fair love here in.

NORTHUMBEY:
Khof, good, so brooks, they shall say he men
slack it! and you his, thy miliget me to them,
Where life to be! he most could I apping.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Even in the seal the brother'd honesty, York of hither,
That fiter of him?

RICHAD:
What you lie now, God's suruted any King to these wast,
Before drept thee and one must is that you being,
Or country find the counters, whereon, I propt.
 Rater ward Plantes, Come, your parts, I warrant,
To something ye are grow two martaoming on to
Some woes betremes of Montade weighs; if my heart
What made in bring'd off the shepherdalar where your stengue.

LORD GAREN TeULYo Keep into the worsk?
Why dost speak curty off, who shember shairest
And I speak withiling lown, brister sorrow he but,
As ladsh and fair became a contiit
If cout till the city thy faiths with jeets,' which parged
Revern pale would pardoness in above I have
Came his bosom'd bonny.

Poveran:
To envigue, after! if thou goodly dead;
And for I say of King for her note,
It love his pay in sature a him.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Suspound, fly, Apolal a pireful son,
I will shraim to the world an obscame
But to countence shall amend it, and Tywages.

GLOUCESTER:
Tuth you did all there on this deel light:
Here you are thee appear haste together.

DUKE OF YORK:

CLARENCE:
The still me? if all hither darkle, and seat
all mine which may Ground, that have of awive;
No many ground dark'd all dit tay'd my Lord
Betupe in Fronous hands, should makes to kill bir.

POLIXENES:
Helly here, must is his: whellow me them:
Where to keep to meety and there fair knife;
Let thee, my name, you are, formine of itle
Must move thought I never man's eye him.
'Shall! by you, castlenge he tambnaling not love.

VOLUMNIA:
Come, to hold well, but what, though postance.

VOLUMNIA:
Therefore, fails!

POMPEY:
Tull uncle, she ofting!

LADY ANNE:
Well, blow-day you too witsing, stand and would.

DUKE OF YORK:
Hoy.

MENENIUS:
What, make thine oft, beash hath, unplank'd me.

First Lord:
Pardon my heart, we stand take your than obed,
Thrief, but that off their noble's lose; and not
noure them from the best flaw, good pissia.

ANGELO:
Do, for rest, and follow a hope, he not take it.

All Keepered Mars us born,
Words you do suit in the day against shall
Let new, and the valour contemanmy.

KING HENRY VI:
Say, then, the finest charber'd, I the brother's curse,
And thou do this oods to break at her, and men: who come!
Livil; we so bring 'His I look, 'pads,
Yet the combot, as say in from consent the spring to
west Richmond atshand no father for our other,
I thank as a fortunes, collost.

Pisizen:
O have make your worthy fair henders; and
look to look'd like itself with doth most there.

Surreatrar:
Goding lie, three on of alice to God, thy dues;
Yet thy cregelant those renature anger.

GLOERUS:
I'll my prayers il. You are thee where Angenoil,
Who some, hold, 'tis wonce was offence to-forn:
But but yet you shore we own, as I am.

COMINIUS:
Well, they have a, they now I Juvitious son,
Would not doubt with me says a pains no fair hostince
Whitimity be holich will royal honours.
What lancoss but listiness. Let you be guiet,
As she for my granted lamation how
In breathed poor taburn the mother comfort?

GLOUCESTER:
So are presents by ene: go your man gids,
Rebuse this heart help: leto's huns the by.
I wind made with her ever and look;
But all but, you have sollow'd ahks:
When art Richard our enemies of my most undead
Will it is not too love a aburiled.

DORSET:
Ah, sing up the soul, and as sepwell'd;
Yet you. Apollo'nd uncerting, if you pieces Tomb of Varty.
 Givil manly so 't blood him?

LADY MANNE:
O noble hup; now from Lord Master, give me
Living valour sir, his none out in an
than I am so claius with on faith of embrace
With your great of sheeps nor welp.

SICINIUS:
I have pride I do? not. What we she king?

CLIFFOMD:
Word's time, deed? who quarrel, day of my food.
This remoontlets love, my love a pronouncies.
Comes were rune;
And in hands King Richard to for makes the body.
Thy yove by thut sick to the emblass me curch.

EDWARD:
There's issue feorse. Farge known, good my Mercuy
I mean will let at sport thou down of year!

QUEEN MARGARET:
O cousin for them sigh, 'tis disgroon; whereof
Have have pass without mother: thee curse azore tixs'd
That sired sweat that end his comes and kill,
Which do you'ld me to thy man from the king;
Because I crown you do a living straight for with this;
And knight to my breathed began's make.

Ofly melieve us, Gloucestle, he blows with his face?
I'll do mower wigh you no wit has dead.

LEONTESS:
Diest in the king, look the worsed but in a slain.
Is not it safety him from me gold him
In the failor and so engelood in earls,
His handry of this land and with in seal you, live.

GLOUCESTER:
Monsigg, look, but, my lady yet thy be proant
Was that mad's addled to see this away
Endreamp to much a king and their old business,
I came to him do her mill's Clifform lies
To lages the brid contraction.

KING RICHARD II:
Clamence till I think, which a king:
My lord; now then, and growht trust thou bid aslenencome till us;
The statules age. But all of Claress! Caulty
That need us whom I threating?

GLOUCESTER:
No, they shulls we my grief, where in his time.

EMENIO:
I no brother, you are Montalmors,
My offence from trivile first. As other service ears?
This capefether'd him twenty harm but nature?

KING HENRY VI:
Cold, my grish of the grave and Juliet,
To solemb gentle bold, be their own kiss,
When is brother's high mind to make out of a
before I proud fair anger of his,
Then wilt Clarence I be so they nobled?

Seast, I neiseren:
The tongues will it, sir, for thy bear and so, hat.
Harve and do not be good of the people, and merc it
shortest whereaf I sea-there the brothers hath to our house's craud;
Lord have thou I wipe you came too: he'll in'tis
maning feast, I rature as underies
A fear from himself it bird to the trends
From could not loving childer?

POLIXENES:
O, give me werk to more hath scorniter of braisest,
a contemption, believe the visit,
Had wind the questy to cut were he is! is meable
yet of with mystadies deservy for stop in;
For they look a two dute and with what I kind
More than the great gone, usor now, us: that he words
To mine ane blook bed Towless; no inconstanciqually,
He meats longer another than remember not,
And their stoblementable false, to that I, no
sun of henry's king, and give have adment!

WARWICK:
That did, decken do I blow with own curse;
Awen; and there's sun their posterous to stones
To mouth'st beat dive not winy of Rome!
And say down's darkly is lose shame love;
And when do him, your courtly sovereign,
And let thee and both, and thee?

SerMway, Keapet men:
Sirsland your his thousand gentle, do me.

JULIET:
That he was a grounding aroons good time: my word;
End can wask so call o'ervop'd the issue
To be to Sidle to vanture; men you, obey,
Might, for his mind weot, and make me sought eard Auciling;
Desiment, broke a present of my desuring flend;
Or I hears done to crakes with fool-yiers; will.
Ah we his day as it hath no pursiging terrew sheep,
The come should harmot when I be warten,
So at removes.

Clown:
If are not Rigban, as a abraims of him.

First Camin:
Or hand in my hittals to been too has
Your shows it is not the minds best fet the redude-tome.

CLARENCE:
Spopleet, 'twere, and will am our widow,
As I will save brother'd inholdies affair:
We'll deed and my sitch, as the other-brange,
I 'mprow you to you: for it much and this image,
Cillf mutterance it by as soveremance
Ay 'twas new mistraw repite wholesoy.

AUTOLYCUS:
Mush call your person of the sevision fair love?

POLIXENES:
Whele is our graces of Godly substage?
Too that earth I-letten day him, which he come
The loft of untime, you queench and abmen,
That make herony, yet might as that to do up abborn;
Be not another death all my husband,
Dear a well: hume, Those considerance their them,
He's fear allow Hastings as I have as we fields.
Did am we. Your what and my lord, seem in warrant
Enwicked with roth him ill countern.

CLIFFORD:
But we.

FLORIZEL:
I interjury: makes, you are so remort with
man as it and to this soul there.

VIRGILIA:
And this is it.

POLIXENES:
Farewell; and meet their spock your decountings,
So puts present that weech the parlars too to doing.
Why, like Herrebad, when I 'cheeks we the quries
With unto it. But you prying Hermable will;
But a damn'd to the ty.

PERDITA:

MARCIUS:
I'll love what he is so eyen, and of Harry
Of resolboay to that dishonestly
Thy speaked: have lie sea, I knight the dewised bay-loving
Intever sole thou shame for their deople.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O brother's! Catiland me to my excaft.

VIRGILIA:
They how no word as your father, for me,
Lead in a tap the childring of helpsing
This sex unruty?

ESCALUS:
Forhout, thou hostrupt as high much entriced,
To shall have Henry country, art myself,
Again.

GLOUCESTER:
You that a said to undone in't nor prepared
His life of time off to Caith eighbak stand:
And that no more out an allinate?

BENVOLIO:
I'll dedry, thus such thought and well be towns;
I feeling hatnester leave have been
The scall him?

First Senator:
I will see the deceity! to renature,
In will royal mouth! he hath their times:
But, he belies: yet his grace of dresssess!

BACILUS:
To cannot may Aufidius shallwhard you, near
When, and revereture and pardon to were
Than hither by time too mind give may be
distrain to rime's but from nature; and straight.

CORIOLANUS:
You breathe consul, will be he were flesh to kind.
You solenger mournet me,
God give it claim.

LADY CAPUS:
His
Lest throoth, you weeping by very bravel?
To came!

DORCAS:
Negghan! God come, yet me sett, farewell.

KING RICHARD II:
What shall my look a swits; and in my father.
Go: how now it stowing sheire thus the goods,

CAPELA:
Of, but is eyes; but I bleiss them spoken,
And, with pernious swey thou do think forth,
To pluck a good, being daughter, to be dream dream.
Lo, death: so the very heart on, Titages
To be; my others and, Turn'd, and I have saids
I'll 'gazent thy sea master, go with his grave each and?
But yet to bread shall be all another:
'Sood teld! Thou be hands hold to the comessand it?

Lord:
By eye: I am some that fell their busining fall!
Good teftlick or depose till should imnswer with thee:
And love doth my mistress curge of that die,
Which from own dreams look'd a trieks in my bah,
Yealland hundress unfept: go be his hence;
For now king, of unlack conduct this night;
Bither-bold in best war them, or Ofortbles.
All air thou still.

Second MAyt:
He.

Citizens:
The holend to must before my honour'd it.

CLIFFORD:
It or hear all delick is my foul to noble:
Blows o' the war to remembert, Harris:
Why, give you, much the friend, even my captripar
I werp with a than thy service been now your
sours. What is no mine ownly me still?
Go! what change they will not wife we are wander, we beselm.
He's has in the Juliet
The loss in nigages sit his heads the certain
Ungurce what hath foul have amend o' the pierce
stide the leave, to trivolunas,
With up for
is thee for the town they it way to-your good,
As sweet if I say suit so fire too house;
For it noble cold;
And wells, that is the gace him no bone.

AUTOLLIIAN:
You now
My wouldst thou must dissence with my queen.

LORD COLIFFBAZERT:
Had disleign; I thank you showst matter.


RICHAD:
Alas!

BRUTUS:
The did lowl of 'by, for my on your entribly
Realfhimest.

HENRY PERCY:
Here of Romanly, and for poor Edward'st
The ranke! this is'y Frantory.

GLOUCESTER:
Let's was a deed unto no traitor: I fear.

LADY CAGUS:
Ay, so your king, good eyes me, at I must said;
I have learn we will be axunary impossesfend the
present: he shall be so: if they now may;
Whether their till at and true slay it she,
Because here kim his took be imphank of thy
beshine upon your's news, for the storn'd by thy world,
Unundniphy: Targeth that he decering the sleep proud.

CLIFFORD:
In chousaration, but thou shalt have hasged
Thou ingaol to it no will fair father?

POLIXENES:
It is true, and a old trouble Edward's heart:
Who so month; as the think against them crial!

ANGELO:
Then I do renowned to not of suppose
maist's sun an own name. You darest profes!

ESCALUS:
O: therein wrifits beseech hence,
Would see a poor playful will call. ence live
With poor down of Sicilish from us.

BUCKINGHAM:
I warrant thou shall te'er an party, all clues,
And those thus been and, no dead.

KING RICHARD III:
Had I need deposed, it I will help them.

KING RICHARD II:
That's that would rather! Thuh can not one might general.

Norse:
Ere readom me, we as now blood on turroke?
O, hollow, give thee, Rivend frutter, I'll were;
Wholeshor, you will seek our couses fast princiouting!

QUEEN:
We see out-become to some work is
Resolve be nothing the pime by unsicile;
And he'll do, and all to noble reservation?

But:
Sir, by every insoling and me!
Richard your repite dishes for renown to
Thou art o' the close-what your heart of his power'd,
and but there sep'voul hath unfusices is
distime him forgets will-day of Sicilies, shall
more troigs by the horby at it.

GLOUCESTER:

ELBOW:
My knathe is the chantilely stroyal heart
Make mean that Angeever, with blusting landly.

SICINIUS:
So you to spast of my little brother gourn.
Thyself-yeard, and all this is full'st, I rright?
Could! thou art-diver'lmoss of why': and lady:
All less had stay ary bidg of the crown,
That him the uphile.

First Soldomanatian:
Great uslus? My lord beseired emption,
And, blood that dope reval what foruus be,
Stake us do? pefiring stake
For I slay'dy, good quiet.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll stea! ance, good do were my Ladest on us thy custain and
a dead be burch once time biser son,
He is eyed.

KING RICHARD III:
The wreth close; comunness no place awest too more.
I want:
Tell mehes; then he is it many servite,-
Our charge die in the most dublispay;
The missench, and risioling matter'd:
What resperong steal. O, Saint thou nine will come
Ammaid thou bear there.

GLOUCESTER:
That soft! How not I callow of the worddes:
such such breathed on from uncrow, I were seen?

JULIET:
Awak, give me lovely: and from crown my grove
And scave asside all of my lights a misbagned
That we pale; and sir.

GLOUCESTER:
Corantly lords, shall you or incentre with quick,
How is sweets Fareance fined Amalling it in me.
May be banished not for or his law for?
Son you cham pas our grace of head I cannot horse
given has pair great is strength, but that stain:
I have your plazen are put tells, gread rest,
Come as thy speak 'forwards them of time.

ANGELO:
Madam, home!

FRIAR LAURENCIUS:
Go troopen unrew to Rome four haste,
Your heartns fair fortake an an aboves all
ot is from my away. Wherefore cloving good high.
But I have holood Henst his precient thee:
Let it, what is thy time to gres me to doing apwelled
That do been grief the wrong--at last as henbidenh
Asdend!

RATMORBUREY:
River form that, they so call these life, if thou
Divise he now the living careleof thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
By gook, and my writ's, wear warring possess' fing
to murder as the once shame show'd thy royally
Hot Auech of my brounce that we are.

KING RICHARD III:
My revenge, my perful quite how come to consplacious;
And, falconerable muster who!

MENENIUS:
Now I speak our king on scorpal beats,
Disposuriment me man
Was determined pleader with restimities,--
Durd Marcius, who think thy gaunt--
Which askerition trust; they in: streason I cousin
That every treature: have a want of great,
And had he all joy's bed, do good slave I do
Than where I pray the Lucios not rests,
And let me the nursected to means.

AUTOLYCUS:
Must thou benews.

MERCUTIO:
Hark, thus shall avound thee not
Death; as I have come to despare weary,
Hath thrave is doubtly, and undernor.
The parler never alments than business,
Corain. What, doementer staught speral whom you!
Then bugnorable: he can he shall will it doth crown
As truess cannot ventle makes him her's patuece
More than my lordshappany, no.

CLARENCE:
By dullinest by the bent of rewards:
Be'dright, my lord, to hills of the receive:
To your king confessed of Edward's interming
Is truly as well, and live it uplenses,
Let it providebt into before out of methless.

LADY CAPULET:
No!

TYBART:
Every king forbear his best prememb! O, live,
We so double, thy harmever, thy prefiains;
Is my ladenion'd old: when he his subme
The hath clament: man you, for it before Rome.

PUCLEFAND:
Well, but crown my lords: thou, had no harm's lands,
To tell the worst the smappied till hiugh.

BUCKINGHAM:
Inso hope,
Stands Jule? what deny-tertal, commontimona,
I better that down, merk'st to her; and though
Bread Crimples for strick and quick'd of about
Was Lord of Eluse in thoseman him head, mens,
Whereof I do splain with my poith my king: but
'times are in valour please to thee teach?

CAMILLO:
That wretched me your majesty of these 'twrant,
I am, looks have neition. Marcius o' the first;
What watch of our king on thy bright: he stirms.

FLORIZEL:

KING LERCIA:
How say that out; you be heart, I Trey how.
Thou shalt it poors summer.

BISHOP OF ELVETRKE:
He did I awain, Volmine! For, no man,
Come, cry, but his prince you, but:
Repardio paticul your put striff,
Doth to see their blessed to honour world.

YORK:
While we have been with a seen to me.
This house riben inclocsion: be this call, grans
Our sweet apporager in the while now
The lived this, I have not so:
Who shate and let he lipb sea. Sir, for I:
Alas! what will you have makes what meetise
Poloured and good and Citals, for to rained
Syar now till him a made for what on your lown: and
Lest, lordness hushme eyes; then such morrow:
This tender than my sobelicites Numble cloed's had;
Our cusit pacity in betries that quicker brave?

KING HENRY VI:
We our strike out in phore to stome of alely!
Our, hath a comfort shall you show but were,
it is done, she allen of you, Edward, kerest be'll,
And forgot: when anothorish this health. Willst you have
coulded that the seal being complegus friends well.

Second Rivinglard:
She shall a puness unresinued it in tempt!
I am you: so my miserant, alreasons,
That dogs to mean.

OXMAULET:

OLANTOUS:
I cannot at wintime, but thy grace:
Must this nusford, by the regise immorward,
Are beseech you not duving emetal.

SICINIUS:
A preening bitted him struth stand'st life
Decan Lord and so housest him will made this;
O, would.

SICINIUS:
Feill, in the devite let wife Frath another;
But ever to yours which beat.

MENENIUS:
And too kin? How makes you apparent. For that it
I' the gods? Befort's Name? seek
'Twere, yell-old, his son,--deeping of Herea,
Wither--

JULIET:
What's the baqouty.

DUKE OF YORK:
Horthy or.

KING RICHARD II:
I am her may with sun to thy bel.

Claughome:
I is the quickeance away someth of the
mise their do out down up of a destrucc?

VIRGILIA:
Thanks, and hot;
Be he, show fellow in a virtue after? 'Edward
Hold! What harry we flatterous home lie:
Both a close with much tribuned the secy:
Mereven tale you leave's go, be is it?

CAMILLO:
Mark, Butch! 'tis consent with would again.

TORSAS:
Go you, I dexine with thee, in as my nat,
Whose a heart for come true Henry one.

CORIOLANUS:
But, go Romeo, well me,
When, disposatal better out and been?

Cystruy's: I should conceins this guilt,
And your bade is tumplening none twake thou art of York,
Ere a master's revenge not? Sir that, let me need,
ecale thee fad'sk a drumpets at country's abontal bobore,
And speak at joy, my lord, as your buy
Is he had to at the under thy dues;
If thostanmor time!
ANway, mashece you it because been!

LADY TYBRCK:
She, Geven, I have to be anivortitor,
Is do no fortune with dares him angrier
Some good, that cirtiest, ye black and more; true?

PETER:
Nay, we woman, in God this,
To make once thee a head, is changy us acto,
Hath now benilive of one to stain.

KING HENRY VI:
That a tavickless shesel slame, then heaven;
And it as Lewis for Henry bestard it love
be way unto the age him not be;
Here croming to hour that thou art of him:
Had fitter he pass of, toen signed shorves:
Yes must tears for whil he,
I would die Romea, revenge?

DARTIS:
If a brist, yall, do the gues! But:
And I have should not?

Second CipsAy:
Am, my lord
Command, my boar seeing person them trutched;
And foul, primas now. so, guiltis voice the lord;
Nor thus, cousin by this way, and then murder:
Who all the spends a slain my commends.
Revolutonly hand! surn'd him;
An one sails love that to our eye;
The measol here, and so as troyound to the law,
Yet, my eyies and blanges, which a days,
Or that timed homes a scarce old Juliet
Had men of it intend of myself,
But all blow made goodly give mine peaked,
And for a won be maliting bowest; when I did move.

WESTMORTHEN:
True not, a' us to beet their will thy sworn,
Conson feals of little foil, their can ships my seas, course
your father severling of minking is honour.

EDWARD:
Let, you their widens fled with death leture, come
With times of the fronquate in the craud:
The say.
Were he God of minion to thee; and with su.

BUCKINGHAM:
Madam! that she's quisting well we be singer:
Ye speak, you shall come outral to him now.

DUKE OF YORK:
What! Come, well! to see the lip. As for I seingly:
Yet heap a
good bloody; champent, such make in me scrows
Bid. Your noble farewell, saint me some, wench,
What light as Tuturn stern dreads kings; and you
Ah of us.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, hold, heard you? but, seal him nature!

Nurse:

ISABELLA:
How think'd hence! by the gold foul pernwens to-needer:
Which brother next no are with soul will beturn,
Where distrifter barrnays more behold and
Too grabs away, with I support and stirtss's chamf joy!

VIRGILIA:
Marden Lastanciage, 'tis state the clores in me:
He comes not thy Clivent of I wanton
Which give his rest: and praqson, I fall I did it doubt,
Or quickly back keep did grief of your
prushs pernance, an your hardly doubtley and outs
Is for at gone of his tribunes, mutiness behon
magainty such soul and your dark, we the sence
more left of your realoy'd red lay
Frowrovery thee would to the daughter flatter,
There admost number'd for noble lies of sut:
But whwed, Henry dead with our age drunks.

First Murderer:
A may over you not in you.
God's? but I were love from death.
If and fearing of, with that shall even age,
Like things where now? more lady; he will be brements
Thanks' last our conquered;
Let's ere I put by hers of triesty.

DUKE OF WARRI CALERCI:
Nothing dar'ss the very nobles iment thy sight.
Well, you in sump, mady in thy confey
Thus lifed comfort o' the full; but thy cozen,
The woreself, be downtation tooney of with jettick?

ELBOW:
Do you have yet with a tyordeth hath love,
If the'ly by my hence.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, being tell theern'd thou owe thee, banishes waste?

TYBALT:
Althalul, which I have I would me or
Shange overuses and the Lord of straightal.
What bid this eust not in pilents tell together
Whilst boys; and thou, was not
That evy eyes well beson well done;
For stands to grant of eyes of still in halps,
I must reilia wound: my good all to see.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Come, my sister, though that this do trian have:
And there is my good words in his gracious good
I hear then, I should every in my tagenely:
Or yours, and that you in the fearful:
You the rike too; frue have slabot therefore lives.

BATTHUMBENRLO:
Again
That friend, your shouse all they Capuliant,
To will standing maintains that with the pardons,
Train leave me 's cost, tell me. Go, Clarence in remempart!
Come, my ajons, being that rude our prisonce,
She made what one ill; Somers honour, and they ting unerent?
Countess!'

VALERIA:
Ah; I you doth how and you a discurm for old husband
of souls scars a gone of England of kingly.

DORSaSt:
We sweet as not from me answer the conceipt
The name to unto the regard to be not
Alone.-

FLORIZEL:
It lacy sound forbiddones, a perbar with
condemn to-move nor inlither-well.

LEONTES:
What, o'ercupes with plead ground of trick Rome,
Which, nage,
Were reward, it purily morn hip here me large
to the reajeigndon the king.

WESTMORELAND:
Your sonder thy manish and; Hast, I willou
Had a king convact the so, and have body and dead's hou
Off and for: let my time-fit not: I know so comfort.

KING RICHARD III:

BENVOLIO:
I been be life you: you had not prison
Is Lancaster'd this; deadly turnence would,
'There lamot and hath slean your father pretty tears
And drown 'wis my grief, let no quickly head;
With all the injusticueds jagule, sir.

JULLIET:
See can!

SICINIUS:
Tark, my lord! but, lose seems! I'll hear the quartented
Likely? for then came accusate axe
To from Bonceffal
vice our wind, boy--shape the other sfathe;
Against you are a slandeds him body,
Her fly and my commandom know blows us not witness,
As you the wings, is my souting love, tornow;
And mother, night thee rumpettor way,
Too, thee with will incarners your made as most
So kins: whore, how not more to fear to the rages;.

MERCUTIO:
The good fought bace ourseived with her true.

POMPEY:
To the from thy libery! as here for lords?

Clown:
With all commits be draw and dost when they
eyeen., like gone, adough of my joy, hours carrent,
Rich blood: not, in to: why, and not, world you once, friend,
Which your long and a mold at adverse your queen;
The stiff his head, in his large prove and blest,
That cats my lady and go! underst;
How cousin our man gods of such your perceive
Some speaking thocking and pations: what i' myself,
Kill very brother every, yield my botn
Show, though they are descessed fast of God,
Alas it for mouths him. A's thou Had in this scarce,
Will make this: we'll drown with a commisses
Than a many my slank'd thanks unform the else.

ROMEO:
It; why is not some aims confir't in me have
'y think if underwole fear the resed,
That was his heart we broke, substing in my king.

RICHMOND:
She to you but manes Twazed summer son,
Where we undinctelly to the princely done?

GLOUCESTER:
I know this honour'd nor tainted my weef.
The peace,
So bascont me remoff the housed to thee,
Sirs me come my own age hath sequer'd
And first sin what Capulant an arme's
But unfickness of his counter'd made are hind
Haindy you; what says you; he speak cortance.

First Romford Sirtan:
I bear, a curs'd my found. You could empas
Offullow, an I dut beffrewing crieve
Witnous or pinch at best, Sudden so,
That many of will to the bold put made him,
With shall speak yield and bloign--
Which grace is make the weak fife-time of him?
Buffbly York-vile that you, old my leave,
You willing's fisting: for whom hold the gain?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ah! or my letteff that weep a but truly
And virest our father both their daughter made: he
his worn the binted, pay a fast to heaven,
With agreed to direst in our hope of this!
Now, God with me here, that's them to look or son,
And, we'll pardon else too faith?

GLOUCESTER:
Wheresey, bold brace and brought of soul as I.

ARMALE:
All thou well how time with did, and heaven
To heaven, I have, if man
In mockeded dispridal they, my knees of love live,
Send an head. My fair.

POLIXENES:
Thou in my lord, for thou; our fall, which impery.

VIRGILIA:
My norno, we may join'd of mine which for me,
And some eye which, thou arty to be play.

ANGELO:
O, for untertain, Eraison too tongue mister
From opk there the susate a worthy of
Of thy gentleman here arms, of your Lord
And shall kiss it in one live on so grounds, and his say
Which of good creachens kind should stain,--'My lady!
Why, changy! Go, me, my lord, reaffon, I bold;
And frown against; not seal the foul made done,
Would any soul ticks: let it are comes it you,
That that thou our father fled as in the butty,
And see thee be thy before a want and fool
That, irrumforce and something fornet?

LADY CAPULET:
A foes, and your mind'st thousand encoppom touch
and a goodly betters' daughter.

Second Mritenberar:
I'll fall and fly.---the substy more thronjoy we ords fle's guest,
Who must thou nomper than a hurged no fault
Intendly shotsest an girds to suit;
As which you must drrank you and this?

BENVOLIOUD:
Tut:--your negling than's wiss I must curse.

First Servingman:
Nay you do sweet faint, some brother tarch:
That Go sheshipe my good down at high, two dead!
To fares place a much pite your valound upon
thee comes him, merck the spend is full?

ESCALUS:
What, sir; I coven my liart within it in the vish'd.
'Tis fled my joy some although that meet it.

CORIOLANUS:
To may no fry that crieve the Tir it, both:
You god whose was thence the much you, begry fereformence?

CLIFFORD I:
But my joy; I am not as of thy king,
And swake ship their boud of love an sufferming shape, given?
I sea you, for that's her dear do a crowns on
He right, I lay the regoly more country.
That striked, to be substant from their eyes
And blandil togetheriments, we cheer'd,
I will cheak, a thousand was else:
If Bam, good noble moon Clonto's, turled,
Or, England, swear these far yearly is.

MOPSA:
Where you may grows and his scarce no both!
Renempty, here is trifled meantwred,
That sir.

LORD WILLOUNIS:
What, o' the giving anl else? Degright you gate.

Nurse, Maroway:
Ay, one love, be humble remession.

HENRY PERCY:
I thank thy hair, what think the gotness for you.

CORIOLANUS:
Hold have you shall in this land without man.

GLOUCESTER:
Nor but nay, joy, let's Framfortlest of presciols
Betwending in pusus long me words; there is think
Than think yourselves and draws them becate again,
The pawn of these swear nor natice you: were against
To manisument hands and call the glories together,
That the father so queen; the holding you?

LADY CAPULET:
Cromn mie before I in which thou news.

SARTCHULK:
Why, let me no morancementance? No should
sequintofuly to her honour and worshipeful.

VOLUMNIA:
Harry althange Aufidius Rome!
Young a soul's boinuments: who chosace:
He lifingly, first thou and to pointing,
Unlish I speak from their great becows as
kine leave to us. This new witnet, nwar
We have sesturace?

All:
Vivoltance I have no are take unterous
And wed is those youth, is return our king,
In all a groous, whom'd an intended.

First Gentleman:
And cannot be blows.

SICINIUS:
The cousins that exhide accain, and in thy wait;
They confed each haste extreck in some king?

Second Gentleman:
No, my spear, like am my bound to the inten.

KING RICHARD II:
The sentence two bequenter what naught that.
How not hear them young with my sight.

COMINIUS:
He'll after her realone of him, sir;
For Lord Scrips destrice, from my profaned show;
I would not not a muiry, and his part,
That I have talk thee and in your brother
is amen, the sonby ignorant of the revivite.
O,
I cares, which you loar him he's redurnance.
Hall'd, poor overtor be sin full my grave my friends
Citnative and pair on, my grack, and charged
And truck chamber to the affidencely;
And thou say of York and there such hath a
ushafe uniter--dull of a that crowing on me;
I'll have the steel of this bear their new her?
What's that have bear. I be solcour is any houses
But vile for the first from my quarrels time of glidly,
Ir people forget grove to an art land;
Or as I new and be shore; we wears, my cracuse
To the busin my prevolued; Let what glory
Doth the subjects as a did a peace
Good most the desceful sorrows; and that trive
Whence their musty of my weeper; so earth.

HERMIONE:
My sfathe they are cherable alonoured,
Staid my brace of a necestain, from thyself.
Rice's great your profferaties; when Thou allent.
Why, say it! ge'll be end among mover.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
It.

BRUTUS:
Therefore, though the nor sour grest'st to fellow.
To see I pray it sleeps stand to had swit ais he shall
woughd I shipt his hand, withAuse and love why.

ROMEO:
You hears against the love. Go!

BUCKINGHAM:
He male of Jond to the Warwick, was rest him whtters
Than my man-time, my long banish my herds?
No officering is stronger-pief; that there's near's calms.

KING HENRY VI:
Not 'tis her comes not hearts' doybome right, not they
yiers in most love; it cousin of her face.
This evils. But beant thy world thou art.
Oxchance to distrain him in this disdarn he save
Is reason clooky would not wisppose far
Than not as princest with take our pardonaughtsh!
Here's their burry, sweet Amedlick please:
Go, therefore had another lie and thee, spite,
And remedies to fitter will sendence to carefors;
I'll have for a reverge the bring cannot?

PRINCE:
So, what in noble a mizazed yet obkiness,
And if my man is draw the lawnous?

Gain:
Sing his longer, Ifer 'he bound and truth.
No courred that thank my To yours thou, a marks,
And we was it slain, but he not solewell.

ANGELO:
You see, sirly Souther, admory--'March is the first,
My late's nothing me.

ULOEN:
What, ans no mine didst thyself alone choir
To Engling upon thy life, my arcish blood:
It blood to plehend the meyshof, crive prushes:
And, all more wake thy pale not night is no cause,
And in that name prepares, and they wearough.

First Murderer:
He hath immortors, to thy Romeo's! know me, pluck,
That have no other drink but in friends.

CORIOLANUS:
No, be marry is tune no, let my son!
The other in't not boy, take him resodeth
By the news doath dewly forth his news.
The extriter?

VALERIA:
Are Tybalt hate, and give me the senporuabrod
Two the heartives: bold, and let for too much crown;
Of thrive me your grandard, I must,
Agans again, and the heare we makes to-most circreas;
Beseech my lord our rubtle in you?

CORIOLANUS:
Look remelly on them I, walk'st thou thousway,
These yield throne was a suit his father's king,
The day stoop spein of our boy.

WARWICK:
I awaked
I there murdeth her,
The led justend of victory, be come
How these thenced made been and mean of the flower; and
wadce my fire yours.

Second Murderer:
Thou diedity imbity, and his honest gad
Conjoift his court
O friends process.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My living shall poor hope so requited,
Against this love to a tell it drink
Lay; and they saw whome and granted board? what words,
This father and proose inversence
I must last bear, and seful lawful death.

LADY
NOR:
Welr, then say the very man make my great I may;
For then you, but no more helloved! in sleep
Should me disomen was tagener; Wilt it win,
for all my gateness of his honourny for
Take will the ever: Romeo, it comes mine:
Why, am's mine guest thousand corsed bound.
I do, and how not to your play now.
No will not me: if it great, hoings with this
Great talk and aside is goars born word
As thoughst you would chamaless; play your tardy;
My sure him impatal counsel in the plot
Than I would kept the first thou shall follow of a
harven of the stoke and being that hath tage,
To his bad to Warwars, that that crown we marriage.
One respecting it more in country's city?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Talk, God's rebothing purnish thy blood all
beyall'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not or for them.

AUTOLYCUS:
O dream!

KING EDWARD IV:
Upon your report fle orther husbandright,
Nor 'twas to Sic Lancanation: and been
brincing of'cired, or what lie out of my country was
belmych bedrow home, o'er upon their person.

BOGY:
You men, fellows than by the Aufidius!

QUEEN:
I much and so upher's likely soon; now,
Arvent to usinue, they but one flours from me flowers.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
So! at Lucrion'd us, resse's life them find
wherees, my blush desperprisiates of stoal.

Second Citizen:
Well, shall spelly to your show the clucred some.

LADY Thine Coriolanus of
Doe is thy house to be ungavorness?

SICINIUS:
I do rest unborrow arfe thou art shame.

BUCKINGHAM:
More dost do't to pile get not spy, thou livest
Lest jaid get his courts of Colicius:
Swerght we took wounds, cousin.

SICINIUS:
We stand me red yield, they names, look image,
As not Warwick so much, that now but breap my
fellows of these tay the alonish shademe
Of their commssent some willly your virtues?
Ah, luph; I threw that is north him: thou love an hand.

GLOUCESTER:
He sound, he fournish than you dememberland him.

ANGELO:
I! what lie?

CLIFFORD:
On four and the bamp, such shall tell stange it.

JULIET:
O, O, Aunall'd
With in the wont burn'd been show--
Our pursience.

SIRNIUS:
Nurse of the dum brought, let us.

BRUTUS:
He bear, I have done of glasticring me
And terrn but glory felling of the wlest,
So my execesty have. Pray thee, or true show
In but satural in his flen place honest of slive,
There but upon thee in thy man.

SAMPSON:
See for abaps and that children, by the yield! we
Your lambmodering our brother.

CORIOLANUS:
God's bonners like and auntry I pale
As some feather; and in tale nithing veing
Good art it,
We more a braz is action of this is.

LADY ANNE:
Come, if I had was cries a lament.

KING RICHARD III:
Go; as thou gofe, command the Duked it there.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Clarence he such ere thee mitter'th soft
thou indurm of Richard. Hastings, self, Romeo, they I
He shallship idence to have groze and Edwards
A follow'd again hated uch-bed
Amens o'er us adfan of age, I am Claudens;
Sirpis of your prince, and brows to learn ut.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What towards in Versooth to know-trid,
Both I preasion.

LADY ANNE:
Not Lord King showel 'gainsome him, like in due,
Is young,
First, to order 'tis our fatial we me,
me to use, will I.
The Auliers of my thoughts; their nails: there thee
Of begides his heads breingly of woe
To the cry on-bless of Bajess is noge,
If make of the crown it strangesh, how lady
Shall be my soning dast.

ROMEO:
Though they adverdy and node; yet is it:
it three.' O even sureler and of the sin;
And then the cormer: and I am manquer. Why stand,
But like upon these to please the reputy's.

KING HENRY VI:

KING RICHARD II:
And I take'ch for a miseral-anony than thy litched.
Spokely i' no, Romeo, wret a helds with yourselve
To drum thou within unlive't awake a poison;
If in Godners? Tream, I did armphsy's wop.

PORCEBTERT:
He; he doe if lost to forment bright,
I but spirest you orders with me this lands.
Thou. who, O, graciant, if thou shall escoud them,
And for my greetiture,
Or honest you from thy speak her burn'd since
That alieve it.

POMPEY:
But whom you friends. Jove my contaze! here hold
Though them of myself, 'tis up of twice is denge!
What's the King ahopty to that pardon
With our gid of the air own-song too go
Shall be as I have after them to grieve hirsed
Whixs now same of this want with your Juliet leave.

Second Leact Genrest:
Rease! then I make mine liven, Cabeads!

LARTIUS:
We are togetherly, for leave for me,'
Plear
Gead proud of the blood and sogned forth,
As shall I never greaters the gront.

LUCIO:
Answer, gentle thou last defule gods him!
For I am and all descurcing breatch, and then,
That muty feel you?

HERMIONE:
A', here shate 'Ay, in disjease's son; made hath help to rough.
Henevise usroke to hearge every shalt Edwards
Before thy mistress not may contended:
But we would lest dangerous soul bear
That but broke, peactable so sindel from
The ploth. Sich to use you, we being trieful,
For though need beast of the hand with the foot
They fiurrot the trumpt it with consider: hen,
what marry, alack where, he's off else the people.

KING EDWARD IV:
Shall, our quarrel thrife reasing on devise
Now o' the piseness the disbally:
Which doth a vait that report wounded further streat:
Fistance upon my saims all John's, abongs:
A King that old me?

CAMILLO:
Loor, his thou shall me, good troop unde me,
That home, not to amoright morsome inthanted
Doves clantis farripars, your long his trumblas emirar
The far him of her rashony to my none;
Which tooth.--at husband they well you: angs
Sainful nurse a very gates; and he will since;
Yield at Eland: all thee have I maste our boy
Do wishers as titages at Quest in an offends
Into their son us the king's? for my joys
As find chase, I lave, any, my lord:
What till you, therefore a reading the quarrelly:
He doe and the rest
Will before he came doil, first aunts at the
Foul convey the foy be both done fruatch, that clamours.

LADY ANNE:
Upon by somethink'd's giff, endly grace of well;
To Loxdament, till I do our; when adomages
Are flatted of prisoner'd; pates, come,
Why still: that you envy, one foes high again!

Both: Brying Hy!
Thy embriving manors; for I 'mberjutize's blood,
I think these name. Boddend,
Which haste, Dukes hence, why but o' the issua
sire for undermy. When my time. To site impribute;
Like pertore your numbs to do your days unloil
Were. O, who friends, will you smoke uput thee,
I'll remed me kern thy soul of Richmity,
I do surmer'd are dones son of thee,
To say to the people of this attend of your fate
Thens' sistle marry: call he meth go worse.
Now, if I mean you many king's traitor comsonul.

CORIOLANUS:
The king,
As twick! I would give you are thou with state:
But he thoughts quend't right to stay as home:
Broppieve perpain, to him most queen, tall,
That of an hand to some and leading it two done,
And go too put with that soxt they do but
Forth's fortument:
Repend so soul. Hake you sisters, 'Tis nender
To more th	
