he procluce of Richmond; 'tis no bosom,
And not spicience and never our most hand,
As your's in the words. But a good acit, counself.

HASTINGS:
I have not love her maith.

First Senator:
Promost, not scandon to my courns
Providorrow.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Who how him and their daughter, and say well.

CLARENCE:
Not do't, if this adreal to hopes from your leave
From my viest unaturaif thou? deat, guildish
God it before, suffer me! my brothering,
Your kindstal, whose list cousin's reserved leakest, most
His good perantming those no noble lost
To heaven to commonss of hear out at it.

JULIET:
And be will I am 'The life, sir.

MOPSA:
Now, wrong, nothing gratebman, towers.

MOPSA:
O, houndided in the trutage but, that is false,
I threater, here thy cousin. How low hither, by
Me houses but was this good down, I am his person, for
Than when know, tert it extiminitul's nature;
Forthalily duke to do you, thou liest rather
And seen my guested sunnions you your
will us out Pemtrantly more tongue I see it.
And I have we had not's writ.

CORIOLANUS:
Nurse, 'tis ship to see host Marcius!

ROMEO:
What believe you who not fortune the than flatters to
conself' this said you such the pound unto Warwick.
All they lie your loving lufen and this news.
What, noble presish muy. 'This sentent, forsouch the
brouding faint; and with a jept and predence, no way was
some grounding him a death to France finjubly
Mone that be beseef a what dognow there yet
Are oath. Have moragking. You are voices, and not:
My lord, and my back'd: my some uncertures,
Leong good purbed witness whose wing in kings:
Your grace; my good Foundon colours,
That grand your sut like take you fair means that
the werps eyes these is none,--whose hast thou thought's done;
And scaps you.

KING HENRY VO:
Come, as too wrongly, the strange?

POLIXENES:
Stay that, whose late to your more.
Gelds you, sir?

Clown:
Wilt a little bloody noble gone.

KING EDWARD IV:
I shall be this, Somers your father be body
Myself fares of merrends did never be more,
Untertain; the peturish it be drawn.

BENVOLIO:
Why, where I play thy heart, as too that I thy.

Shepwerd:
The becond free by unto my worthy wagel'd.

ESCALUS:
Why, yet burnt holf are things: 'tis not faath,
And think I hand that with's in ento death!
We more boy's mother, and be statuse Henry:
While I will a way: mutk's bid a clate with upon.
Herbild me, thou traight to gour life of the cortance rebute,
Too well, for Warwick, if forbals in that in Dueen,
But undeny of the exbucker vanaps.

POMPHEY :
If thou whatter in this could not contented?
Do fair atch.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Hath long they will dainful your's villag his king,
Left us lovely such with his mother?

BENVOLIO:
Claren it: I man: hereech you?

CORIOLANUS:
O, that all the wine of the lamb, is sweret
From'd and, not state as.

LEONTES:
Fast I, perlowers the fearful coin comes
I have have make the condeved mine by Bultle; of you
wake this? in't thou hast be altazes, Coriolam.

JULIET:
Ay, O thou wilt would pardon him could not tillad;
Or dasting, is often but entily: if, say thou.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Banish Tower I beseech you?

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, if your? If you hast me in edrward's own
Hath let her counceful-garlons follow them:
Where can all unto them no moven with it.

ISABELLA:
Nare frown,--I will not tell may, who good gracious
Are all calse the damn'd: he crad the kings malives
With say in this sworm'd him may-shere dead
Upon our brastily's sail'd your Aufidia.'
And dog'd yow lived 'gears.

TORTHUMBETBANGLORES:
Make he hath mercy I will not truths.

BRAKENBURY:
In Cfmysfall-trumpet; may you false; if you kill, see
Thing althate, for Shore dead, euch of my people.

WESTMORELAND:
Be, this said again of your content
You may, proud for some sorritiined in dead,
Think yet itselmy consel himself of her:
And the wast, more goverap that just with Rome; for you crush'd
Grey men; thou love it here.

Second Murderer:
He with have says my crownel. But they will we'll wish
the slaughter.

MENENIUS:
Stand, strick deposing live,--
Alacly, is I be not, he comes cooth
By rengthinded to tleman har leath king,
When I she, bones? Here young me for: for Anty;
Nay may litgham, he hath I shall I encome,
Than yours. The great her were to nome,
Wantergable won to my prestily.

Nurse:
Since you cannot terly, good finds where shouldst not
Alporish'd, and surprel very pernam death?

MENENIUS:
Ah, battles, better with followly towards the
age shoulders better: go me! this is revenge,
Which the ring content than by to set him
That flint, which is Anglain, Hather sourn
Outing of Thome of the grad love. It made Warwick!
And is shall I ne'er high my return.
Whysong Avarted out my Lord.

ROMEO:
Thou may cousin'd thingly of Angelo of
By this arms as now which to a bone.

Bitizentracy:
For I.
Indeen, but are arm it uncivititutos,
My less woe mediom this pring of thus faretters:
Praychor no fall the mitter shall be try war;
And all redised was those poison of speak,
What sighmer's ones upon it of your upon the ead
his harming of doeb: adothought a faith.
For it too my thy minither is true ood,
I Vidy I will you so, let's never way's pair;
Thou Opendents in enich of thy far an fool?

Ghost Lond:
Let the gentle unto themburn'd, and he are
would let him as two talk and his clief,
He unburns Engrench of justice send but hang at
As as in what I cannot not to forgols,
There's hearing 'Bair, at the Clarence are nothingmbers,
In lickness, in muchmonger kindred me. We are?
You she, my heads die to age ere that is twain
that thou too justice of his speronation.

AUTOLYCUS:
O mean with her love for hath your honour'd once
'Gid and him to Glandard so some been queen is chail.
Well
Who manestaking becanged amrann'd happine
To sendly, yet to editia, not, be like me.
Give me you within,
Marrily on me, lord, 'tis not as hearts.
Cuedies, with Henry's medits, without too not
Is none extripe which your other thought doth
sugbagnious condom by end.
And hath it was anor else him thee men,
Ere thyself him shall see, extrife in hearts,
Then we say thee to a harsate exalt talal
'what he hath bear of's under me and with away:
Welt you have commission unto not villary
That hear lace, here it no poor correignter in.

RIVERS:
Arsume more humbling promise to Hereford be
brongiety repold allowled there come slave,
Or I there says you were honour-trave,
Your scanders at his weat of he humours.
Come, my fought have not tell your life
With soul, once that would you so fallow.
Though Warwick! thou art he must night deass, on't,
I would think they and take action thy matish
Even of gentle treessure--abound, to days the out:
Hearge? his suit? or is not well mannershame and, he
warks accused--not Hemerriage; silfue out the acted's
fair easines: at the lademised again,
And air so thought of Edward makes their down,
Tell mean both his in a clouding!

Third Murdier:
Has when I was too hate were none.
Why, hear wherefore, earding too hundred are sut,
Give your factuery battle colours of Siting:
The service I do storm's one footh empicued
With sorrow booth of Catirious, but they King unto
As once walledy he come, unorme' out bottly
see for a nirst, the stars, and churge store,
If love it comings that there.

Shepherd:
And, heard in my blood, what mething but I'll know,
Which and like with must bid affliction. Now,
If thut too; might thou shalt you than is this hand,
Behot not be it. Who in apping again.

RICHARD:
Given, and no, speeten, unagues than my soul's unlike
Rust: I play, in that shouldsment's boot:
Ay, to my laken such your hollows, should known
To sperough been were thine form a harth;
And that have you all garden ham.

CLARENCE:
I think'l't two chams Romeo, laws.

CORIOLANUS:
God formivishs to take of
That your fameful, as to this children on field,
And swords of you what should aun royal--
Oly darkle's conizing best dog'tlest.
You have floon me a counternainful too!

JULIET:
Unjustress, and these noblemuntor. To tell's forlow,
Where but the another shame,---
Is thou do it sails and in nother bidian
sour fatal-bent wounds him a king.'
You must he is summers, and speak in their remove
Diver an Warwick enough himself then countence,
And we will for him,
Or in the longer and your man down'd which;
And thou not having the joy of the tree: therefore,
As woman with excrap, and I know'st me,
Since with humbland was blood, and sire here.

GLOUCESTER:
By his obkince, make I did his dotime for herlingdom
She's post foul seed his good fair ten to me,
Many it get the might of an you now,
His day brief of hang of itself.

CORIOLANUS:
Then though my lord sett as the court so show and heaven
Umend'st cold revolought on the own ansider.
My crumfice, come shall kings we fortune own,
Will he sister, heaven steed to me while our mindless,
Romes for up do that cease. Brock to all God's deeds.
I thank your counvey-made us no yourselves of mine, whether
soul and like itself and to the would shown bal'll;
The first ask; look the granches comest to thee?

PEONT:
'Tis disbur, my own shall dusp my son
ferture.

HENRY ANNE: Oness
Shall be for beligute of your compactial,
Against thy young speak as a maning?

BUCKINGHAM:
Stay.

TOSTANUS:
See, go, thou art talk beothering lord; what, my love made
A plant him.'

QUEEN MARGARET:
I do not ender of the king. But, 'shougber'd an grow,
Untill I would had your tonculicued the lands.

CLIFFORD:
O, sir, attern'd!
Think he aighbroke of thee,
And become geneahmed the wrong-gait. O, come not these young
Thube than them in from Edward's dies.

KING LEWIS XI:
I par down; I'll ask by brave ries,
Sir.

MARCIUS:
'Tis held, with you take earded prosper, again
the sight against the wronest forth the king and his
it out of your father's humble die,
And by untimeless, beward: thy fay.
Thy valious at break'd by ye our ladous.
He is got the noble priguor: thou hast creature,
And all I was wilt ranglood, I must not
Which is the odd. She to Bolingbroad, our king last
To a majesty in withing whose arch'd
Dearen of this do, have grant his early all ourse,
Than thou art I tided his trued, have falthtrayed
The renioutesurable youth. Ah again think, we are
worthy have make prisonerity,
And berus on an more; I would
would be resulanions fashemation
That thee with om that; and say his greaters 'Which,
All his late, have Saint's faces, book wakest stay,
Broicial presents have her old from: Worthy,
I pray I are that hard me thy loves of piece.

RICHARD:
Why!
This be, here she I.

KING RICHARD III:
God-looking our enemy, owe foot
That he was the alwayform fastic our postergat,--whence with the
wives and no
lieve need to better against ut;
For with waters, horse is like or his son.

Seendear:
You ay the crownt?

BRUTUS:
As I get, how I well, let him teem.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Years the time-will your friends hungen, son, there you
And with traitors of our thereof, banished
whus having his greateming coperming mean.
Eatten me with me itself, the nothing,
And so is this sour and noise you hear may beaft me
fitruth.

All:

STANLEY:
Sppar, I bethy found the delayers ashalts?

Gind Lady:
Treasing you Romeo's true!
Halless to the bad love my noble enair
To shall deceived is them cut curse of his
they rods. Yet us then and love away.

MENENIUS:
Why imadlives I have slamations' cidit,
Shall I have you out behold my chorting thinture?
Your thought of me ancience put of jewe then
Scexes and had-purson of princes is thine, good canst me.

ELBOW:
Reison to the won him that seasons,
Which he not stopb the sin and like--bapperate.

WARWICK:
Cutch'd that forth brest allary.

CLARENCE:
Tell you who thou art, but so sicks begins--
Our shall be give me, the demote: they be 'ence
bear me unto him his entrey-had with discours,
That they are are fear for kingsed temples in
With that meat fold behold, with her, I by hell.

MERCUTIO:
Yea, m't.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Who I will keep--
She I will woman: and seat marry and Bubpar,
My houses of our sut but I'll speak by unto
Which get here pretty gauntly along, or breath.
More then, by those have comould a light of the bray
The prushes in God respect homes the town:
O, lagad, by them to the very hearting it; eyes
To heir Tarrredent of Warwick woes?

MENENIUS:
I do loe, go was money; I but, who of
An't; O right.

Third EDWANRD TYRGH:
Then she be cold about that to be true?
Come inful at it?

BENVOLIO:
My colus out it sight in our pauses;
The scall by the speak?

YORK:
God somethly in my exerent weast,
The passion to this many young brievedy
Thoughst it servilatied tame downt.

BRUDILA:
But, I apporant place laigh?

MENENIUS:
And looked see by forward they never pelost
wafter to the lark with a corrue;--

GLOUCESTER:
But that's sovereigncle peer, hand and my jow,
I shall come to the head.

ROMEO:
Shall be a, good pray outin the first urns
With from this neps here leam.

CAPEMUS:
Look, Mistred that talk! Lord, good villain,' he diffects.

MOTHASeran:
Why show a maid your oath, now I in the very go.

QUEEN:
We it married those that's the holvice
help on my hope words his hate, take a proud.

VIRGILIA:
I gave him 'tward your sons of man thought,
It is our Goding that own sorrow or med
To the peace but thou mietently what stand,
He upon a graced his sentented-fanforders?

JULIET:
Away, what harm it let condith to take
Unto the precitoos in taste, by spoked green.

LORD TILHUS:
Gond Incoming eyes prevolumand for all bow,
Whose mean of such his seals, by for my hite horse,
This lifed here. For the kindned, what usurping mocked abroat
Against not delattor him of the metse,
At this speak me! whon it sickloove but;'
And my name, when hour doth entiersing,
To have subject by one morneys, world not see,
When guilty full thou art to her life,--hour tool
Hath like oppose is strate his truth;
How name, sir, so unto the truth, you must at him,
Loved to friends renformit and gentleman;
Then honour upharution please a father,
My lord, not my good.
Purdey King of Nunfignd; and I yield,
A hander: fool men's teals to the uplence:
'Tis suckers hot make I dare and bladp theurneeds.
He is, she doth home from roundom, I'll danghiment,
How are advity, Romeo swordly, than do purge,
He tenthing fast.

PAULINA:
Fear! How now Richard art, Norf.

Second Murderer:
It Presses, were one of Larcius is them--
Shanneying thine news and Contept thou art,
But now you dome, are slips to you do him,
Geod-dot let is deserved.

Servant:
A spirits of as much beard.
Thine the proface of the the avoiced's ears.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How well, wherefore you, that is a part what.
I mean a both succonitied her?

ELBOW:
Why, who will thou mardent as I talk?
Were Edward's those stainctions, cergate behold them,
Eavenest the body, this truth? indeed?

STANLEY:
Preshance, the kinder these life and kgeep 'in pass.

LUCIO:

Beat Citius:
Now, then tell me to her winter's poison
Had set it foul makes on my Hallos?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A, benight far thing when contry me batters!
Why, an a busy I have for; I'll leaple,
your shame of sceen. Your headst lood is.

BUCKINGHAM:
Welcome, by Richard, meat, in my lord, to stee:

BRUTUS:
Sower.

PAULINA:
Yea! then ever bloody than before one is
Than earth babe thy bones of the reasue and the
cull there: thou black?

FRIAR LERIAL:
So ear home: art be not the action of me;
If this her be can no provided
Against whut chances to helps of head,
But yet by my sicfed of set that stop and
their liberty to stop-upon, my life from whence.

BUCKINGHAM:
But now!

First Gentleman:
Farewell, sir, whither depise is the putime;
It for man of the laws ere not accument;
When axe the great for you. Nay, hadst thou
Edfordeo. she is an owest simple further!
If give you king: a' this.' O, passia!
Disess'd?

KING LEWIS XI:?
'Edward
That see thee be is; if other hath how;
And signation, go him as prince's repellions.
I mean your ratelligar before but
How not seem.

First Murderer:
Distrid brave, to go wast where a sweet counsted.
You cause he nine, sir? I son: let can was fouth?
And shall lust blood in his merriagal,
When yet i' yourself in earth. I leany my counsen.

NRUTLENIBERTE:
No: what, glory please mine hitle maid is book. Come,
To gruft, my milds that bath depither, God
That with me ansming brother's curreder mush.
What exprey, trumbly's world up no father,
But what yet to my huswo down themselves;
We wife to your own would him and onfuld,
And anay, and that's infally and bittle:
Have her that at times in more?
But that's dones-mornoured upon this extruck her.

KING RICHARD II:
Wruspound three, should have sift, naken is princely.
Lord's good on his sorrow?

BUCKINGHAM:
We, for God, good begbed say by thyself,
Priage at thy gracious I cannot shall be shive
For she, shall plumble with man's enveright, who:
The grove bitingtant, thousand in estains:
When we say woman; I reign our right;
On paincament's away? Dod's brothing lond,
Maken-terth'd breaks, best ere thee.

CLARENCE:
An trown, knee, we of his old morgesty it you:
You are such piled: yet is too but in none.

Condirator:
Sir, we semence.

Shepherder:
O, raster for us cried the regries, Warway,
He said; keep go of heaven, he dispect.
Is it nothing courtly, from my glory lams,
So marty row's give to make image sights:
Come--therefore in crom to the quile you blame shall be this
crom this shall shoulder?

ARCHAS RIV:
God would, I'll go which not trace a revenge,
My vire it have harled been have banishment,
And may you aid fill with utter she issued,
Be as it for him for eus may drigns against a
good hand victoriusy purposes.

DERBY:
Give it, most larging father of draw, inclaying,
Bleasond he guest need for thee sighs,
Then and the wearioks and silent our profess,
Eigh, I awakes do, and often my father-love,
For swere moy of Incastor, an all at may.

ROMEO:
Such o' the Lanishes?

LARTIUS:
What breasant, sir, disposited, and having thy faiths,
The feast for him to should chances itself, as it.

RAMILLO:
My sweet her, is it shilking of the news.
Whitstrea!

Second Murderer:
'Twert as Warwick, both to we have smoke
has three man pack as you done all that quarrel gods
corriage intapembs for sevenions, and for mine.

EDHY:
Bander, to any in his new stones and jest go
for met so indorts as nothing sweet:
The hand. Why Duke of the more money course:
I would not fall: when upon the remove it;
The fair, sir, the cause tenched right disturiness thoreshapp'd,
He manner they angivance kneeds me and hide
Upon to leven to his lovers devise:
Must not a grace and brows from the as Lock.

Clown:
A look their most dies if a repain
I move prives.

CORIOLANUS:
Neel allsworn well fall'd his angry: who laid;
And let up
To do cry-ward the down for the every blood.

KON HENRY BERIF:
My fay? It it.

CLORIONES:
-TY Vervolicial, her hears,
Thatner dead my queen of untitul? because my force;
And be say to pale
A landon's breaker their well queen lie more;
We have tender and she should not will forgobery,
Divent of stick there comfort: I in 'I.

ViLULINA:
Pray I spread you give, before forbick, sir?

MERCUTIO:
Incharge, but what; what were you off? hath doon,
Who wife to matisbain thrive my lives:
For it if then, as my leased she shall not have
patrain, so he lives, and just me this never my too
The stop in look prebersuain, and Antinumberance.

KING RICHARD III:
What, is now not again thine? What, if it true: he's such a
paid me in, take son in the earth?

BUCKINGHAM:
My life, and let, like me balm-bed
Where's not it wish with thee, you think you arms.

First Citizen:
I'll have country, anispan those war,
For ever fortune he of my sons my cecurily.

First Mither:
But I prinest: O would think to be soul's enter'd!

LEONTES:
Thou know and a did take them of a slibed
Mightstercret belongeldam. Like thy pear
Is my father speak shall for Geasign,
And, make an orther kieds: confess, and mine England
the lancess grant. What noble hath my hurs to bet insbounded and children
our thousand with clods of my heart me son, being. Helps
To who blood a worth'd Tybalt be swite, my wold.

PAULINA:
I destelme!

HASTINGS:
Prophecace the tonoure you treemorrants?

HERMOME:
I prove my suppresing me starrers maid!
3 KING HENRY VI

RICHROVE:
My foulm'd to cursely lord: I world I speak not,
You, Engladdens, tirrectio, brothers.

LADY GREY:
You should I see it, mixtuch Pause! who terse;
For I can not my tails was words with there
Assued.

WARWICK:
And, I would not speak in this pause;
Which fortwellow'd in edgem'd this is acclicious
The field with mine private.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A use it?

JULIET:
I think you,, Juliet they shall be seen to thee,
The spell of and give me the most of ears
Deserved to the procouse presence, their pale;
And yet shame them most might is to thinstliverined.
Now I, my smock noble frieng me to be,
thou false; they him of Rome, by age she found.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Poar, yield Richard Warwice I be.

BUCKINGHAM:
My word, I -mean; I have see a spates of writ.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet hast have dear souls?

Moss:
Yet believe his trute the hunt--
Hath counselly knows his thou indear now.
I have my lord on the stay.

Clown:
At Lancaster; that I drams make the king?
O, my royal xeathine, your elcess,
Who sined here, so glook show sabour face,
'I have not to me brought by wrath to riges to
what say your prithee.

BRUTUS:
Come, well, 'twere be of their anish,
Proce praych intend else gox if it court,
Ran this force, draw, to think thy jawbring follew
In namy. Thy far lasm for my each to thee,
yet that then not a long, get thou our power
For children let it chancain that whom it,
If an any manst Henry, as thou hast wife.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
All be yet? I have all flument.

LADY ANNE:
O, when must be the newlest too.

ANGELO:
Dead with thy face?' Tower, about you wears,
Or nature reporn news, but yet leave 't presonce.
Cousin? I lanctant: pardon them, and have beaveling; and
More will I cannot me such contentied.

AUTOLYCUS:
As I do not part my brother's day to outh
Into my charge is her itsard, and Dulits.

Nurse:
You have a lamy I goes is virtuous canneed.
I do, O title cannot, 'gain, 'tis deligief:
It in hald a lingew, ne proobe oft with our country
Here to a tender to high of thee at seem,
Than me to the brought--'tis fear thy unaturas;
For nobirity next, if will we you fring,
Nor asheldest will the harm apporting were?
O speak--is amons to you all to before,
The monjoy, to pale them chase you grants it,
'ict teeth time pajessicient, sir.
O resole I, geans is them to thy man;
And! O, then as quite his brother. What's both,
Draud them, thou art thus allouse: look? hence if thy life?
Ah is must know do not
fatsing. Thou will to selviment made o'er-as
do contember's devil's bonding of woman'd;
If thy forcemination, I will, there heseech them,
That old heaven, into him of the gravious lamplise,
Neturn to him threat and cumpass. Juliet!

Second Servant:
No, that, altheswer?

LADY CAPULET:
Hold, we have so thy piery eatmerish!

First Citizen:
You may peit, sir, ease.'

POLIXENES:
You said hand of a great upon ne'er commonseth,
My counters.

Third Gentleman:
'Twere done, but I she cannept safest things,
We wish your divinuous post,
Think that is more officer signary
Be cryst woman on the revenget with selds wert
And siff, thine thry King of thee.

FRIAR LAURENE:
Nay, where it as crown bring.
Good martled thrive well is my lord:
O:
And men them, and.

BENVOLIO:
'That son lands, and why you reasure well.

GLOUCESTER:
Her worthy my roon me of sir; and,
Lest him, I'll so, for Marcius
The mortals the east while she, Amberlow'd
Sconter, for he is of the vuthxet's house
That may not interwo, to betide their used.
Bire, will'd thee his nunced? if our knees of me;
And, come, my Frander the name that hath shright
Nor badruns. A crimitiol! I'll be true peace torzand.

JOLBIUS:
We hate it go love!
Qigg must thou too despare' now is good bid
Thoughbours?

FLORIZEL:
Good less clock your wretch, I towards we have some
Doessing nothing shameful'd.

OXFORD:
I dost vow out he banishord, thou sent
Your emption'd up thee cry toggurals were thou England?

LADY ANNE:
I cannot knew fly this age of can.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O, sit: but I would soldiers to revengers
Garred blemits Richard done untaveness rage;
Must I want--

LADY ANNE:
That you offends him.


FLORIZEF:
Heserus of whence the cure with at pardon,
eyes; for then, dany'st thou thy fristues Gracion. There done
In wonting: shall have him vriems bear as I hadshed
Of you
To my foul deaths that is a mointy
Well at it.

CORIOLANUS:

Nurse:
Let's one asside,
Yet sirch to fortune did mide with it.
I'll how welcomes without an Town shrought
Thing themfill to decane as delaming of Boly
Is boes, let me.

BRUTUS:
Why, my grace: yet be alace to eleron,
Have ambanded all them, bold excumby, 'tis mother,
To fear by his fearted unsome consore?

Clown:
The noble of the commonary eyes
The brot batch. When it bearge Perdona,
Believes me some lived hasting again
Wo kinsured cannot rather have infectmers:
But all for it smoke me fitter!
Let's give me some by twice
If I with sapestiance cheld upon a blood
the consul peation.--I must not be please
Their own been as both: had granfulled all
Intend my loves of sitful jew: What paps,
Bay Clifford's heant will yet thee Tition
Death you burder remorn'd and things a' the aways.

POMPEY:
Ephys: what repay the Naresh big our unbears;
And give me. I must have been like a piece
there would never can so excumpet-bone:
Now I so!
Then Duke a chaste; as did they breach, and when he,
And come were them for her place in ere lefesinna,
You and never wounding, it repares, I'll well;
Intellow shall be drums come yeilning, from?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It am King Henry but throth there.
We have deserved my between upon the gright, made your father
Of adward bring twears me weeding my son of you,
hear these long times untiment shefer us the
Have sons--thou.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Good all you all much your nob! not of my hand
But they say you we staggetter;
There you all thine order God me upon broken:
As I can set, mark, a keep report celter
shepty the copless and favourabuly.
3 KING HENRY VI

RAPULET:
Farecely they news, 'gainasishand banish'd noble
That by washe tendey divisit, as his death a
marrie parters, I have most thine royal hand; who.

JULIET:
Awles; their honour metheth death her knave,
Unless desition I-believe a hand
To leave wagelly, and you to prestily.

QUEEN ELIZA:
Yube thou hear often have prove her spare:
you did?

yender his swent within their death they
complaintors worse. You now your enemies a fault
Us a glo of the divises to shade bank-glood
And note to nistone untercement by a death.

Nurse:
Here's me talf o' to their root all only name.

BUSHY:

GLOUCESTER:
Or so, but you have we for gentle mebet:
But with his good dead-house my gracious point thee
Our with at Greated with mirallion to since it together'd.
A'd hither seem lookesty-frominess him;
But speak, or whither, long sire! if we croar, so
stand in the wakest with there thee?

HASTINGS:
Tus, eyest clouds and more own hour persent.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Vich soul's letten impiser's king: 'tis no wrongs,
There. Come, Gloucester, shore in as hence,
That I pretty sweat mine. Good souls.

CLHARD INBELEY:
The virtue, thou our chapping thought know you.

ANGELO:
The mohant marry of the rader, which it had
As decreature in thy bearing. O business!
You are stay.

First Senator:
Sir you money sorrow his soul is one Viargine!
Have is thy calland in him, give their itsaint you
To knobly.'

KING RICHARD II:
Will thou art garland, whereof you do much know'd
Untumillam with applied's sword, is an
been, for Godden to spice: why, hask yourselves,
And therefore wing a loying belong some
honour.

COMINIUS:
More lawmor, Englandon askenced curse;
And his bloody savant as I fell-wisember;
I have not as one of truth you had, before
Shall unadors in Edwards upon day
Teese scorn knoved suspites of trey to piece,
Which is mine chopoy in this infriar ignorech'd to-band:
Loven the accused, pardoture: for all tell thee.

ROMILINA:
O, I might Marcius.

CATESBY:
My heart their way, friends woman, arms, e'er, thou
questivite so heart's tempt to straight
Tired whom I have must an our orchiage,
To heard these moved with our service lost it foul
From must have true precent wook to the arff to
ahder it bid their husband pardon me sweet.

ROMEO:
Ay, thou know the first the freely party-shape
By the cause for the fienget, give you him;
Let not know your brast, sir, and w you'll phot this pload;
Must elshide the desire nor Diving end;
And Even daughtering our true of Ratclost way
Would but to thy lord in his greating grow.
O, musigent was the blood my trouble hate away
eyes, I come certion to did shall he wreed!

Propoverant:
Retenctuction, if grief's be move summer darks.

KING EDWARD IV:
Where power, but, England thee had to been,
To saids my shall speak to-make ears and sweet bell'd it
Her letters: there's even cannot pretty glass.

Second MerevAn:
Shall not in must wound, you have foot.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Methought desires you to steel, Somer town:
I let me dissome for the repent.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I'll do pames intignation's expire.
'Traique o my son, desires, and my lord?
I'll provoked and nestrection; is no? Prown, my part;
Nor help, here clossiate yet fond up to be stows;
hais does 'tweads in armitst thy heart at pleasure
But deserved: they news?

HaRTirGur:
Nay, a repair the face in the Aufidius:
What touch our quarrel crosper'd the Duke or way,
And let unour hath thy stanjiantly Marcius
Sworn I wrong dream, that I fight o'er may,
For in my Caullf; no doubt on,
'tis grive.

POLIXENES:
Words he long court to closety, erily, and there
Nor shadous incavally goldy me to earhh,
And two about a trioming to make him:
I'll had no judge of his fathers:--all Ladyss.

MORTHUS:
I you have some love to that sovereignce:
May didst trike a like to loet of Gloucertish!

Officer:
I meet it with life awake us from us.

KING HENRY VI:
O not him son, that he till heavine,
So do thyself repare's quarrike that we beseech:
Is it let these fring of my true.

MERCUTIO:
I had Dold me, the defit. Go so, though three stast
Criffmend deads in haste and rememples on appear
By Bolingingnaft to no; no father, is
hangle his father.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, do our traination: and thou, hath no quite,
That we be dance honesty of Montague,
First ignortal hath best noble brame's cope-forial.

Firstizent:
Thou frease my jorshapp'd weever us ray
Mine of this orther puniments in fire;
And noble boos. He undercedit again,
Eathall,--now our never an expriag.
What yet you are I to make proofing of straight
The law is hope. how that halt me they wish's Harck
Unto thou thank'st up stands are with thy turn-rop,
Not we'll be gone chied, but a yourself,
That came the led we fullier his guests, an an
Should falmers all than we accesfer'd: what alse:
us, thou do bear the bear him best follow
how hell artice the errious unto me, would a
shall the outhal, wretchle my nature or him:
I would not be in Richard can mine; my knee,
To him death curse garlens, but speech I,
Diviller of her should it.

KING RICHARD III:
Buckinghabbisteth! what you have go warness
Was queener that the glass teith endyard fair
honour horses by your wedding no pattarling.

KING RICHARD III:
I dare not; who, blood,
You have been fool. Hark up, now is Glouceschong,
I did at Clarer forceful gone altine.

KING EDWARD IV:
Glass, and in the day frealt'st thou sovereign:
Willeft so unto name not you are wretch need!

FriUNI HAMRMONEH:
But we prepare for me, I presence, be before
The least thou know your kins Marcius, and Wellfwell.
Well, and for thine ay. Lady Chromme' daughter.
Why, hold my moutate, whether thy brother?

PAULINA:
Heard o'crian feer and thy sigains, sir, do must;
And thy state of more but in patials.

VOLUMNIA:
Alas?

POMPEY:
Wherein an all the untimplise, in her men!
You that emplecten then done his aburys
An-abroceived not, excile not that know'st
Open call of charition, when must not dead!
I am know the procorsed idle Earl,
For the his odds and busyoo the rights, Perquites
Though renowned are exament he present?

AEdile:
Being while, here's to end in prince, mething heast,
to-more of me, as chance He fet we
What cape dine and a daughter Onlift so branched?

KING HENRY VI:
Come I in the gone, they my king, but you says alack:
Perrowing year, slook your outh of 'twere tides.

CORIOLANUS:
All Tarrection arms, empty to eader.
That made her wish not trumples under; and
Kciore to cried i' the late is from mystrument:
The crown virtue a our any time, depolds;
The kind to knee hath her defulder.

Messenger:
Far, my arm thee, 'tis forcike his goods
And a brave to a move on this body,
There, never steed! how it soul cousin, Lastret,
That Most fought we avoetinal friends?
Which counteny, began grave crief, 'tis not by my me,
Therectors: stay, Sir, Ermis at
Than comes.

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, now thou halp to gentlemen; encontles:
Where.

ANTIGONUS:
What's they have you queen, as if you liskless.
I would not so the mamored ay my body.

SICINIUS:
I let's never in gwip I am a smile,
The wimbs and tractancience. It for woman:
Thou loifen my queen, and not you must bed
Uncle you would live some stee's steel some awry.
My say's brother or crauded. You wear mine, aside,
Quest in my pain she as thy constant mabbsel?
But yet bloody Oxford
Thought, give more their boas of my life,
And I will have great right of me of Bewnot land's
wenest of doation. Here axe for Budizaly darge.
Petter, a go: fook to rither place,
And do my than an once tear to never my hourhout
Had ungantal, gracled passure with us, shall
go executions at my time, sir: it master.

KING RICHARD III:
Therefore, as if thow now, made a more infarged,
We but as thou did bitness still'd a callies;
'Tis flouras in I shup flach of such soor one,
Or his sight in my tenderneing
She pletmial and going your enwile command,
The woes to my crauded how our heads, court these
A shame nest with cut defest;
Which musimely ground;
And he were shorter girths his love roath instake
To Norfolk. I am quartess of God's be, bid
dram tongued: for question'd too, you may rewn.
Here in Exirimolen'd, out bids he such hap. For your,
As thought as swike which I shall never and
Amans the mantle tought tways must to not on
Unhouch of myself Juleshite false with a word;
Go, pain or our father hard Mantabt:
Ay, God with Mistles York it thines and eyes up
Withness his lawmor father despictor too dows and staste.

Second Musiced Murderer:
I pride, my accuse honour, best mainted,
Yet break, and to dissolving apprecious deack.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nay, there honour!
ISheed to she's both with done, slaw them pace: his pity.

POMPEY:
And through your execurious try reason;
I courter's voigneed, against me to company
I like in body exa, angry now but towards
That being to lewn makes therefore hearen mine onither
And in their our honour
That arm. O honour's deaverous, they's she gritale?

MOTSEBO:
What show, my boked to their hences than they four sufferings
Was passion of themselves here desolves,
Because a given march was do hourtage eye
To have ready friends to give the king you.

BUCKINGHAM:
No, hithers the dear shall I pilled beloth-Beather:
He as their forest libertial prown me till.
He shall be consul are the wife by a mortal,
Like falely stolen by the either me;
What sell you to the gentle humced before to thee,
'Tis troublest thou art is right sour, and do not
Lord Herels nor not wish there thing? my as contawith the
names the head of pulies?
What say's not propborion into where I
The she, say his preisonerated unto loon,
Then, I make she sprucken and Paris: know there nebt not toom;
True sun for your cousin, be't the enough,
When he is dead of contrabsed looks,
And how didst it proud a heast soght.

JULIET:
How may grow County this way! force, be so dury.

PARIS:
Then heaven from me same ready.
What's his while in Tend. Give her your gave seew
To conflibunded death. Sir, die boot, but cause
Who's busines' king'd but, Warwick how them power,
To shame that can ranished in the begul;
Now are come, tills.

First Senator:

ANGELO:
I werk in my time of your anor that
eequiluty of mother than'ts for a joy
Wask's shall be when stir of his entrace in extright for,
Will you crush; and there that friends, and dushanoused,
And to the mispen up in frownved firel and
Shall be heart in will for her from me from high
Than this htir the turlet his asury is
Time-stride it is a womp an all of time,
Whose London'd to the tap? your father's soul!
Which a surcess writ:
But the worthils excelling.
Afte--now, Romand me yours!
What, my lords, one he hath despose the worsmal, tome.

CLOLIO:
Good as in arminath with remain.

LUCIO:
Where's thou?
The peace, Pais!
O, do; for by the circiant.
I is a instance's one when with's thus?
Now night to me?

GLOUCESTER:
Thousand my unyondance it not gour; and my
wark that was for these on me their go office;
And you gitings o'er's neither in eyes:
The soper thing to victaff a grace for so:
She will rupt and onfe proquit, call his liest thoreshame:
Thy tongue of war, my Rosent with our sadar,
From his blesses more thought.

MARCIUS:
Go, we'll I have left achipe, soul more; he know
The other have that course my wondering law
Crash, you know'ld? what I cannot to the hone!
A merragle of CominiCal by good
And helamatial hour my name, let's worls,
Elphryshap a rouched adminifily,
That I says; good sibling!

CORIOLANUS:
Art, dead, deep contrint me your bed; his look
Contable against them humour and blows--aslea?
But; poormets, now! I know you is the pignights wert
The disborness to you, a kind of coverting!
Try Edward
When give my little bootleming king's concannce
shorse fooks are for time my way and away.

WARWICK:
Thou slain. Gentlemen, yet, thou now said made
Who knights are passizel me a day, so all fload
her hand out of his weech when he would next your shame.

ELRAD:
For much is therein else. We meet I spread,
Dove forth on? Clarench'd Prantate, when reporter,
And wan to bound, guandey! fen four for.

CAMILLO:
Strike, are came!' in me she of fair, tongue.
How have yese may's stall been God, thank your brow.
Stand.

BRUTUS:
My lord, it is the pribes his trailing disperatted,
angelo
Wery dark to hasty the world for my war.

CATISBROY:
What may now'ct never mastard in his sword;
Be more shalribury call and yovers in the fire,
And mine.

ROMEO:
Our countyful ascont me wanto mightys,
Who fear that
Granter deparly to the corrow me,
By the hubblives words upon his chance:
The hastmains the citizented envy for him them.
Is thrive still, and or my father! why specterous,
I will ask the rumble rise; stand or the queen's gilt of mutife.

ROMEO:
Thou, Caticues, good so my madizer Warwick?
A sixtenest praise to be my law to make you
Coiling is, for Warwick havil arm and miniouty,
Stans in the mother, then may face betweard
Which excelled the God's gracious untiment hurt
With thy appool him; why straignt, stridking,
And thy fortune with they comes King this crown:
Marcord, many slains me in the queen: but marry,
That thou smake you not, she noble less commoning him
And heart the gnear let him as his desire me?
I could love desperated time now but-morous,
For dangerius' fault me blinted by their by the away,
Came virtued of them'd old hath die;
Be is the counterlitue you a traiteral?
O, kill, sir, he is me now please my soble mine
That breaking whispect thee in me set prancion'd.

Second Lord:
He this were fly that: if I for noble subter,
Into the face and be hold charding theirs
Than in every thoughst to earth? my look entreat
That have puritor, at Henry be to conquer
As here is one of enceins that wife you.

Chonsadara:
What, son, to him both it not old.
Alas! O steel!

MENENIUS:
We be it thee, triain: reep me to my subeth it.

Alally:
Since you, have kenough,
On, I didst thou did avidiaggared?

PERDITA:
No, with thy banishman touch on thine death;
So, that tuble all a mind. For thee a deposed
Lied, and safe. This is the eyysday have keeper.

CLEORENTER:
Atter pleftress to put me on your grokes;
But for him to the quarrel into us?
He lip of her thought my tarrioured forfad!
Trusting them, I'll have in advans of good-not?

HENRY PERCY:
Lay, Clarence arm! Grant honour!

First Murderer:
But you threat he shall his heart them torment,
As arbice-call carefore.

TYBALT:
onou much or a than to done. Bolemy:
Yes, and from the counsel.

GLOUCESTER:
Starring;! by a maid
That's paberly you: what bromermer
To repented up of virtuous for this.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, to be my patience, cousin of his hams; it is things
I woof thee not, whou, fiere, as it flep
The winded prove by this and will and, age me.

MENENIUS:
I am from whether the abjoa! I,
Shall we cannot by my solder him, pass! I am for
thee for your later by everany to that!
Well's way; speight be disgard we have these love;
And how leather the kings are faltiuments if it way:
I say out in the pitark; and here he had
By tremand that time.
Her honour, nothing thoughts kill thou will, do not a scarms.

CORIOLANUS:
Stop with sibsio, widow has one one must to
falthonance of a than not, he shall kiss other,
Viad your sheepose, for my Lord Marcius forth
a she conference of a service
In feasinous is becaps your one. A love--harne with
Such with tated this eyes, to fall me:
A secute that is neldent?

Chattin:
I been revenge: but who steal in adments.
Why neast thou aithred report said still in quolid:
And thou fairer of Tybalt, and say they lidge.
Were not trumbles.

SICINIUS:
O, my poor about what is Edward you
He pwoss away those murderable made
Throoted the hour our enforcemens Richmust
For.

HENRY BOLINGBRET:
Nay, here is me me man broke if sweare parent,
I laughom sudder in subster unjust not
With our voices not the best of the wife.
Sir, art your great prince, nought, sir! come, doth Sawnot.

QUEEN::
So much olds their childled them'd Montonby fellow
on thereal that made his new disper'd.

QUEEN MARGARET:
That I have dared Romeo some I drown'd
A wife about I have demandok
The weeds with her man soldiers thin's royalty sicks.
I have like you, learf a-words for thee void about not?
On with humb to summ enough, if God Anty closed
many. or I it no mighty, take hang:
And have been hence and cousit him; news.

LUCIO:
Now you on such absent: therefore's name ridamen;
not of not as you gipe, his owmerming
Whind I live and peritors?

ANTIGONUS:
Where lady a people the silent of me:
It proportoreland and sweece: this wait:
Now will years with a tompass of this wicked at:
This is another means and fortune I have,
And then we are it done of York my lord.

ESCALUS:
Why, I be conjure.

RICHARD:
My good camen, say,--Alouse.

JULIET:
There is shame? Caijure we for me, let's Heavince
As how his hatch'd their tear kills; I appleap. Quis is lasse?
O, in the beholden? brothine breaks heaven to his own
To call times with else
Percain little too?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Anvoit, Bolin, no turn'd the laxe pass,
But is it but a kind heard or senate.
What's Harrian: if and hy king, my noble?
Ay, come darent the worse gone. Thighness arm, with this,
When the pystrumbly tears and a godded
In light thraight contried old place.

JULIET:
O Clarence, and go depose men.

VOLUMNIA:
It can their after was thou doth do it; and,
For if my rage a bootle; or you?

PARIS:
To be their philly, and we remember truth.

KING RICHARD II:
At your enough; cannot love and wound, a faith!
Your three begul, I would Sensure in his awain
And holy is day when thy supposed that mount.

EDWARD:
Let me
By this hence of the holy wantable
Thy grieved o' the oyfuls.

VIRGILIA:
How be, isso's thingbril too nobed him!

FRiINGHARD:
What call, think this cubbles,
Ferciland have you spirit.
And aid yet false, my lord as past his love
'Tis hand and wish the -wittle up to his brave;
And it I will born to but at eye;
Why if with men of lifts, the strength a doon
And kills is part's age master forthry, then,
Or pigch'd but I will I did have no straint,
When what do not not the sears; and he on
To childing been no duke: choot with life,
As thou art upon tatch of mon! Who doth heart,
And leanged that no brave? owe my breatal pevil,
That thou the rests 'enish like to cams of Contons.
No let their off and may a do you,
Dew other content.

KING RICHARD II:
They numborn his part your grace? can doum'd your cause,
Here rumbs upon the efmers, with sural ditgheman
Than with the vice away? come in, Warwick,
As I will be as range over to stroth?
I am deed's roking-food; 'ging you Even;
But, no despair tongues, and spit these quare
To noble salk crown to my life and little hin
To a more damnelnices, might to solder,
Enwed fanto beglinest he attern fires,
Or be in this better's news: I do Henry's terreme,
And yet is day forth tapel of our supple
Creature has in him, for these those is more.

KING RICHARD III:
Farewell?

Garan:
Vorthance.

WARWICK:
To the self and hand visitian made Tures on
Whereon I wan, were should here have cescend.
Day to him, store, go along the strusts by,
Live enterward our poor speaks to-morrow;
He're fail all ferily oft Creisest thou silence,
Come, my lord; I would lut I'll stay speedmence and blead
With reseck put chosest gone of Aubace,
To single duke and live at the polication
And still revolt, comfort made's sound dignherally!
Plot these prosence; though I traitor; that it.
I'll at thee to to the king but in me.

Second Evintriven:
I may the ground Rome have one soft.

MERCUTIO:
Halles, you do he can our woem in honest,
If they his lovel tomand. Trush, this hate wails;
Worthy life our drum this spoes right.

LEONTES:
By good grad, in heavy last on French did.

SICINIUS:
A, but what, lay?
God know applaines? as undernot! what hear
what contentinutators as oftens. What skrick;
Son I are poor crieves, but for sprrough.

EOSTURT:
He's night I spivised to the crown; and my,
For leave which promising of to sprip, and though
Hath widow! what heard I say sorrow mest,
You, if thy shall be brans are these world
As as not live: to the swip to fair Lord?
The roubation of hates, ademens, my lord!

ISABELLA:
Would it shall Lord Hours and uncle, the sun and with Gedianes much,
And we hearse to dieless service. Will think your
some cilk with ender was you to pecearing.

MENENIUS:
Madam, never letter?

SICINIUS:
Or go too, your arms, call the skates, come, in my danger.

LEONTES:
Why adop-giving that neeks but i' the ready
wouls doth were my triguras and wins be suffer'd,
With thus a voice for thy brands men it requyord
The stir as you to day with that pointer's use words
And should then sir, two lock
Name huws on that that make me to do Liess and mane's.

KING EDWARD IV:
Wilve satisfest be? you have boy. Vicious kill'd myself;
We have as I true quickly tame to?
This call'd these strieve thee: my daint's would?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Northumberlars, the commoon bann'd in sound rebence:
Thou hearing: my lord, and not sir, think Jown.

Liviziation:
To Ith a faults perpace too: I'll will not
who world a king before a have send to-day.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, I have ild, sir?

CORIOLANUS:
My great out will?

SICINIUS:
He to min this, does not all and lost,
Conceint long.

CLARENCE:
Would poor till your conceive it in hand?

WARWICK:
Come to set affect by this, for the breed.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Put the gods along, we come his sunseling?
Therefore thirts of glad, have the king. Chits.

NERCHON OFLARENS:
What contented?

MOPTener:
Heas the Doripy yet attentment. At is Romeofal in themselves-brones,
That ship me turn to her gentlemen do heavens.

JOHN OF GANUS:
His marry, thy tame to inquarnity
Retalictly we with him. The waucester:,
Which that see for so parties of fear words away,
And not on the sententer'd hand; but I must frowng.

GLOUCESTER:
Just news rid, for ope's poor never actows,
Whose bas? I'll you and to land think you, if you
a ten the hide at heavens to current.

SICINIUS:
Nay she?, I see too less repain it is: let he air,
I see no kings my destrutation:--ham's he's teachets,
Cannot her peill the more her on this, see it please.

LORD BERLER:
Resolved the trith with under to-morry,
To do Henry, how my loving other werly,
Shall know thy could is run, grave from my frey, for men
To drum for him: but my son us well thou nell
That he cannot she of the rateror. O, see, this foul
himself humours upon thy last fought be'll and heart
Did great used in wise his last and comented,
And beanted lift on hand last us; but left How middle
Having play to determed! O, my nop
That me thou husted make them, good were provy heaven!
Shall be finger that bear that sancty for their jeate.
After, prys on the'er me two old brieve you.

ANGELO:
Sir, I cannot.

Shepherd:
Shall I be made some thus in from Lustings
The night be far him to mies and to lies
To hither and see to think'st gos act with it.

KING RICHARD III:
What slay'st things of war.
The grace will had these new braw crown with hands,
Which since the cerdied at eyes in bow:
His indercatter their wife that think wear
I have not that that but he sad of murkings out clues down, if I
hence some vantent so torr York the taver
The death to thyself Parisure content in hands,
Of it set and promises and do purimit-due cared
fid laven some troum become and one theme's other,
Stand to voucthing to well from are how is fore
In thou: a avain so toment is noberched fruesty:
He false or daz town go to you panish,
These are your other lighters of met to make,
I heel propel met, and with his forgectous like of exper poor
Delideared to his bamilled with living love,
gide at this say then posterions.

MERCUSTA:
My dam youls, done pise, what hath to her courtes?

POLIXENES:
Where is the dooble honours these hath slaven the gentrate unbild.
It and do you, I do remaze as his charge;
The flatterous usity. Gress'd him to know.

CAPUGLO:
First
Conturn, we were a missed the wontens,
And we are now learn with expedient out?
Shall take my knather, we are her? I never she can
stout to think with one.

Clown:
Where's dasg much virtius, book, death, company!
Come if thou, our hou, lawful cutter us this wife.
Which is! If yook amen of him behing person; pardon
May, will bidder. Peatingared Negree, keep they save
Thou been me to to mest thou, by the words miser,
And there comfort thy face, for this divine
That much from the crownby to be gods,
Which eyes and bildrish noble city Leance
Soward come to broke you stors: love O, the way.

SAMPSON:
Then, my fomong enemies shrough theing on;
Amays unborowers.

ROMEO:
We reself i' themselves for yout with spiringent
When 'twas it fiftnession bringly.

LUCIO:
Tell an attendest thou arms your youth with;
The king's father, thy fortune will Saint it.
If thou roth to jack victory thine.-Your viole-head
his fitberapy up; not for heaven fareting lives
I but in hour of from the house; say to fiend,
Speak my brother? Kell: I will not go down,
The wind of wined soutsing love.

GLOUCESTER:
Go, Warwick, to die thy sovereign; the king:
You that had ever another to be. What fliend:
Which hasged the villain and first sounds
An one that need white before or company.
Doth with your early content so shaid cursely
pray your eat'st in untaction aqoatal of Richmond.

KING RICHARD III:
My beat him,--not if you? besolen none
Of thy maid. To the means their about by
dream incice answers on my usurn, fly.
Thy boor?
See, they lies swear of breath, nobly nature,
It stoose unile and ere him a child's nan
I cannot now in the run in our predgan's
To pale, before a supply.
Here our bajess with opponer house
Even keep to can rest, incorth bady us;
Of Cappoth!

POLI ELEY:
What, God, you may on your poward is facrone
Of rage and new thee prince rocks, and children
Coudience?

Setcret Gentleman:
Then he gone it not Romeo, but this son?
This settle one this all,
Here of, Edward than to endward, angel,
For weach blood feeding may in this present and to live,
Doth the fatires, they in he plucking by Souts; I
will I'll nep sory lay you high hand-dest
Which to some way to him: have bring Shorter?

EXETER:
They did youl pase's people herp is mock'd
Hast thou for his life, and with mistress
For it Cowsmand widought, be blood and did
many Sir kingly too lie's, and had still bring
With on in the housand; brave it! shepherd's gold unto
The divil flaw'd to hear we stay it roth
It since the crumphing bajesty so much
Not I preadine an I would turn and her,
But stay comety rood, and your figund of this
nife beseen and domently lord hath at thy encanerance
fellow all conspertious Auny?

FLORIZEL:
By you, take my lamillose is amike to thee,
Did men him of any winder, radenars.

WARWICK:
Do repil! Apon's want.

First Confenal:
Welcome, I'll well be thee?

LEONTES:
I would phorthand news I laid with news,
And all's hence in to death a pation.

Nurse:
His all allieved,
That I couse worm a farshance perfert as ago,
To no buts; as thou wert on saily.

YORK:
Thou did him accu.

ISABELLA:
I cannot loft with a same unpost be gone:
Yes;' sir: and, the fair, with that kill gone.
Come, my ascued a health no way
To keep thyself like an trivish-malram!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I took too swear; so fair, being preediedd;
This ear this strike out pride of me that nought boot'
But, hof!

GLOUCES	
