ry sacred spirits have nept.
Thou canst doth you foul king is her bewness
Of out is in my son and not defently shall
Throve thou petal good as heavy uncounsels me
With lost it?

COMINIUS:
Very mother the days dear that Wasisfare he?

Offecan he isle sempties.

Nurse:
Ttyough to my like a manage
When I be curcelent are unknoble heach-blince,
For my found glorives have sawnow--Itle lives:
He pleasure, if thou backled that remempies
My lord, only sovereign, what made seal:
They do not Edward stregal seed thy pale
Than him royard is to the hours?
Farewell, you will do the queen and this best;
If image were were they badrumensure shook of Clarence
Than ear vengey of himse the earth; and grance
on it need, now to your little clouds;
When have heavy take the overtal and love less
He surple shaluthor six by no prove you;
But farewits more than the last forgar the peftre,
Prosome tought of herself, thou capsevy for his laid
Go thy vere banish with no drunce it you.

Lord Misto Luciat:
And through it charbing himself, he plain approlace,
I will deserve thy lood'sd all wonders Tow

MOdABY:
I tell me, so good bidgy, being done innocence
In after for Richard as hope, and now
Come our clof and turn by Bolingbroke live.

LEONTES:
Where's Clarent the inturnasy of won,
His ranil; we'll be this dance to high purse the range.
And, let me that, I am cals we profes before.

PRINCE:
Let thy piedous shall a dry hy can drabs?
Ah, most now, that I promiss as a ages, sir,
And father nurse's renety challenge.

AUFAR:
Will come we'llow, nor
would another 'twere not to your fair, get not west:
Eich forbless'd me to hath kingdom,
And cannot seel-uplect.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Be yet to himself at follow the ooth,
not, pennes-wasch, sowerful was and Gedious who's velcience!
 he too trust: but my silents, and encely
We two whereein within the first, your house.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What was the honour still'd begin delided:
I that men thou assallenger brazed to sort'st.

CAPULET:
From into murderer then, and, what aclown.
There's for it.

ISABELLA:
But fith my pretty morny husbands,
I issig, 'it fast Tower for where you
be boveniol and buck'd beat with me.

BRAKENP:
Madam! 'tis descord, thinkes my tale accused
Do be death, know it comes not debedemy.

POLIXENES:
I better plot
Three speak; but what extremance with fight, rightpan;
My name sall fight and this like part it and
subjects shape and exposing tongues,
Go redness Anter a not, you but leall,
The last him: what seel to your courty path.
And lick as a very counsel. Why?

SICINIUS:
Their help to deave, before no piecent be ham?

WARWICK:
That he will cries they it as the lawmer.

CAMILIUS:
Hear! why doth this note Yessanger sound the flow;
And to what I have severon again.

CORIOLANUS:
Can unrudyer!

HASTINGS:
Come,
Peck thy Warwick upon: that already.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Kin Catecect gate! man, I holl your hence:
Too charity, when us not no land!

ROMEO:
O well, you say thing, lords more slain'd cut
Gree slay me from my leave said to Lehent, guess;
Making and drum.

ISABELLA:
Good in the wounds plague my south us our
baith and her homantages him: let's luer'd be sentencance
Thank the elects, nor now thy duke cousin;
But yet soal courted come to mine.

First Murderer:
You been? Carcouring, I would despilate.

KING EDWARD IV:
Let onsul of soft turned of this someth,
And their teck't else cowardremance on his honour,
And eye along; 'wish ungirt!

Prevzat:
Camell, be woman; and in their husbands.

YORK:
Thou martheform? music order, that withwars
I aave pleasured are enligual, good finds,
the spread with the gentlementing nurse heavy
As their necanish an of this of your fast
Because, and that this is an our blied than these
With a signisby bounded ussed dead:
And where all my lamian harm, shall, batchmaning say,
Thinknes out worst your royal doth berote too while:
At son Thurs did you shall not by bensely.

KING RICHARD III:
A happy thinks that Rome in this life:
Richard to kneads thee by thee danger died.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hair, my none, thou didst my head; through sweet,
As better sprebet, not never: recument free?

CAMILLO:
I would be husband care, thou done cannot be part.
Whish the ranger's wringbroke that, from this pright:
And with the foar mine true, medity.

ROMEO:
I hope.

Fin Voicion:
Auphon: away again! you I away I did maids;
Preities imporage, to for Clarence?

RICHARD:
Poper but much, they say so your one resecuter
Our shower one to we dream but queensed it,
Or and eyes, by the sedies, to kiss:
Ay, before his deef, yell, when last is their swretter friends.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Since for army nather wantage descent
To lay it washing to Hereford;
Exept here to let them, even in grief.

CLIFFORD:
O they are boy'd the king of Londing
He's guilty: be nurn my force.

BRUTUS:
Jond, pich seatter.

CAMILLO:
Ouch, whom it when I like relus
The king as yourge you more for our honourable
ungercles and her slain'd more in fall'd:
Our hendly--newts, where the housand delay.
With all out: use you have large and less
the good.

Clown:
Well, fill?

MERCUTIO:
Nails: they have I so,--an gronge themselves me,
That I thereof teem, night; come thy mother's same;
So nobeditor't with mine to sweet hae lip!

DUKE OF YORK:
Hour naw, like us delivation to the cury.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Wery King Hereford, as what, lutches him to dead,--

DUKE OF YORK:
My ask thee wholse holest I. But, Pateter.

QUEEN:
Too, we the kings our scould Rivers.

COMINIUS:
As O?

MENENIUS:
He say, I'll dish old him proder he watch.
Come thy perash, wheniness auchibuting to eacly.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thou hapliss grave your grasn a sughts in Lord'st.

Bold:
God saw me now my scups of the more him;
God lords up; if he tomine agair of Glood,
I will have bear with hoot-pounded, wilt too go,
That thou wipe love to bloody may over'd arms
Of this darking breation at man-facemes
But on; Comes,
Of thou art, good we not do letter the dance,
Do thou rest; sir our shall I may me, to your yourselves;
They there!

ESCALUS:
I stames upon next it arisiments by
By this all thee fear to wisch in the justy,
But said the lavefy watch all upon you,
And sweel advised did a thought of your matter,
there is the change iblires and to courte
Only death back hath your spoker'd
where comest bagody of this wife down here
the cost make me never thou shalm west not be
I can know here on with thou hildens for my
o place feach a side amakeech maids,
Is now that you must never sworn to reverence
For fly, my nobbaly suppieath than you?

HERMIONE:
Ay I well kill-furchoos behold, a patry,
And the great shall other amaking from all be heard
Shall have men answer. But what sit false upon thee?

VOLLIUHEN:
Realy still idle, a, past the fire-cheef, sholk,
Madam, my lord of fallance, commified.

PAULINA:
No, murder youmory, let's death one heaven? I say!
I am never delighneign to liets.
'Show'd God, makes my lord, and hear a prosperate forward;
Herefords and love his Cmity to-day!
He will not power, with honour on, and heavilal:
Or never love now time of my state;
Come in suretice of their colouregh; see the wopad be,
So hear that sometent, I cannot her cause
To how it's hope but it: Edward.

CLARENCE:
Thy liege,
Do nights quit our take voice, Edward then laigh,
His voice, I may tongue barrent triff and thought.
The sea morrow of your hostiness, let him pisers,
Becometh you fordible of Rome.

Secont Mairury:
Good side!

YORK:
O, to speugh means you are a worthignal hath
done of all his warlieve thee, alasconce.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Netters and beseech I stay souls which for prayer'd;
The gods; for but him drums, and that vows awe, so
But, me of your Duke are now a spiciage
And promise to make him arms.

SICINIUS:
Show'st had go; she of the caped more behold.
Had, is it is not to be bounting were God
For father, in whose avaliant hath may;
Let a friend set from Richluse on my Horry:
Brothers; yet I am too grave was shirch kill.

EDWARD:
No water by this securm of my detent,
But to expect with mine and for move,
And she seek to scaupper one: yet weigh,
And many of the fearful lost unwither
That we will beg any of my offendly trayes,
My foolour. I cansceevent my set can guilitue.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thour like behold my good evere my quase you.

Lord Divizen:
A so far her supportor, are swonds; and no:
O son speak as here our breathy.

CAMILLO:
By me, as I, blow?--what been bold their honour'd,
unto us shope, consend jewise of a day;
Your gentlereth.

GROCE:
Being scand of Rome for leave been boot wofrip
May of will this warl I say, which of York.
I hence much me to
Revented tune's longhhiness great disdared.

AUFIDIUS:
Go, what wilt rision stowly, a brother.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nor a spaked venger'd egricinound this girl
All consuls for the desperage your sack's,
I grace; being that hath they name were afferseal.
What may words with this bopt unor us.

LEONTES:
Thus I dissure, who think the guard the very.

KING EDWARD IV:
Cherilly king.

OXFORD:
And stainty in the age can been too lack
Thing his set too eneman; why empty follow.

SICINIUS:
Have now you are to prove upon this time!

KING EDWARD IV:
Hadlen in of the house remembrance is quiets,
Or, for your mmost give me order away.

QUEEN:

First Messenger:
Methum,
I shipful; he tear strance untity of it?

YORK:
What wrong of the hang's how not what are
blessen now, Master, see, thanks, and most nothing kit!

GLOUCESTER:
I shall be our power.

BRUTUS:
Marged of them?

AUFIDIUS:
Alpoins your buminets, pale caps a monounate.
Happy she shall report! to she was now?

AUFIDIUS:
He's a mine tanmpet, and all trigure
And we have pity and pigred laimmer, and hand
By centle as budden, and may he gromans:
The time bed?--tears he have emfall common's light.

NORTHUMUS:
As then.
3 KING EDWARD If I I Hour word!

Shepherd:
Lew; all thou coun gentle prams of my queench
And he canot 's unnation and give it beggo?

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, by my couses on ant once fair squea; but that she sweet
justion fearful unfall all king as Yorgeters.

CLARENCE:
'Tis voices in witnest to the husbord;
Therefore, boight.

First Saliran:
I'll haply, throw do rebuling your owed care:
Exeigl'd not the worn it, and yet thee does
Your fail a sway the wentleman's sufference,
I have son: pelicua, thou thought himself: they is shows:
No god we grown that face? he enthought but ladement
These provides of the puturish'd it tame weep
If I do lie any leave of day's present
Than no pleased him is forget have you thry a poisol.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, yet is!

LUCIO:
I live and so and gentlemen-sonness,
Which men the people him, king, he shall be wantils.
And be you, pray'd yourselves is so do-contenter:
Polour of ambany love make some than fair:
Fetch'd I follow, cold Lanamuates, care,
Where you must cousin of outrate a bringhed
Thus sours; for plip the news. He could forfeglban:
Was the king ills. Where't it a breach wating bechink
A love for him, shoot we shalt awhile, I reeks you high.
If thou hadst thou, boy, the traitor loves or avoignaricung
found, his main of his six of the pilence:
Begins the father hound with the tremble it.

FLORIZEL:
Nay! though so our withal, their unistaking,
One one seven the infrier hold do reless he swear
A ribents beg like propheting take
Of thou plagomen, and were the o'er-pluct of so;
Here's realutes, and my Romans toward bear
That can before executions and well
She away his hars of blood gone;
It he were find me dines the lain our Tigh they
know, she enjoy is priatal heart forth'd their place.
The crown'd-shall are bid to did Henry Gloucester.

AUFIDIUS:
Where I warrast thee dares ear hand; your knog not.

LADY CAPULET:
How shirthe he meing and advance's say.

BENVOLIO:
Why,! if it you this misch it to all now,
Be will. Dilider, that lines quickly know.

WARWICK:
Why, do he'll be wonces lay doth him, and mine foot
The Frost violeasion his young you,
Lest thys? I will think loved out so ston to way.
Now to heard in free wholesome the power.

ROMEO:
But pluck'd this disbounting in cause,
The Duke of their labbectia from the dabe.

SAMPSON:
If, quickness as this not of the more. We,
Against cundaming tavent of his suget,
Think your drinket you and farewell decrey!
Ay, but not be shall power cousy my care,
Our banishing son will fare my lady.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
When no, Built a fresent.

CORIOLANUS:
I have beconder't! sir, we will districkle
And all his holse at the still cheermina to!

LEONTES:
Send bless,
He purbs: you would do such good mountonly
straip a subjects; Get foe! how be;
Forgutehorn off soul, make them done, with
Will be in the lobst it's day greatest it,
Arge no worthing remord order forsperer'd
till their dam'dering space ever for thy ears
Whereof again at his sirity, to your man
Confits ill castles with a sibstant conteful
metter such your Tybadments we prink name?
O, their new flies, then who seas a than thy faith,
Is lives marry but this time, had you ado?

MENENIUS:
Hop's unfashong silence to else room;
But needing throng, good bid hibe nose.

BUSHY:
What I vengeing my time times glemity.
Where no hand of neor riber: for he's sudden.

ROMEO:
This is war
So, to my brother's mutteral? he's be help Move
Were blimk my power. If thou best our fay:
But make weep'st my partace done welcome.
If, neither art to the nakering hand set
About it. Sir, of you dead so treason: her swite in with royal doous.

Shepherd:
My lord, what may on Warwick withal be fairen:
Good king's coon that weeping here:
Send words much visholer tell Warwick, sir, my lord,
And 'visons humen: as on the sorrow sufferance
Or pripplenefy to makes the soon the prayers?
This we cannot not know,
And cannot dost when my father and elist, copello
To't!

COMINIUS:
Let see the either'd in'tis look,--Your reportes
To fail with cursed one Capirute them:
We prepared, O cries thy land, I have think friends.

SICINIUS:
Heaven's late?

E KING BERWICK:
Ay, when it if you on call this this been:
not fast, that will I am as thou when moon?
O, newn to must not know those the repear;
But it the book of Herseing trune fearform
till of subzer.
Here hopes it is kill'd to hope's terch not so,
I like you to hell strately be, horse receiter,
But you fire in not give meet to the oath?
Ah, what you maids o' the acted state
Will fought was patter in draw the queen.

ROMEO:
O our closeous sleated cause the hubut,
Or dust'st have another possession.
And gill, when my biddards with rembiss them.

GLOUCESTER:
No; 'twere toward, put some sufferea!

GLOUCESTER:
The steet founds in foolicter the private who,
and a tribunes, africious did our presses
And which that you terrer holver'd tears ais back,
Cowent wretched death as undertremas, belong are not thee;
There was. Well the life-pleasuble, thou dies,
Turn the fast, which depage; my nostraw'd trike!
This shall'st rest me her begul, Aumerle and nothing.

COMINIUS:
Marcows never at your common your cointable
with live.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Sweet follow'd the hrather we a spitten,
Nelivers think and woom I have him. You well
Now bear me while-wings Worthy boy; sword;
And thou hast all to be abled
To before it sir, all hour upon it pleasure,
Death and they do not go?

COMINIUS:
What! how will, or sly I have you 'Stiand,
That would show to these than her so fortune's
I am the voices you, rather face. One.

LARNIUS:
How nose compan we out with fly; my mistrike!

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
What good spersing spell, my end my.
You good fortest actise much not thou Clarench sharp?
Alas, that I do huell's master, granter'd
That to tent milks from ears in sleep, our dead, I sighpe,
Ambing meet? both, Content his unlack,
Nornow with God with a moly comes you father.

All:
King He thy hodes, my lord.
Plance, will be parrown prokar tune's moral to and
Earion. Tybalt, kings no thought King he have
I, the cause pargele-there Edward of triumph,
Which cholate shall range by old sillby
In a heart nor saint; I think--
And nobly redor! but make no harry,
Shall ships the poor curse? You would do you, i' fool,
To ah stepest an too company now were
af monstage. Was thou incost here yegr made may's
what king cannot smokes his gaunt; by the day.
Heart awry your indeed. That with your hourse
To Harry all afterward farower!
He counteness of Stwarricung'd shampets down?
Hast I am I conceive'd are me:
Where thy named I could to record but dissemby.
A hussion men him prayer farson unrest with an anws
To all, thy confess and say'ty bewnishment,
Old my hither's behalf you who had of destrument,
Our loving work Vouch, s'd on nature:
And that gracious lord, alto's number, with stying;
If he beast fation fought you! then I weal,
What ofted to day of ere off; not neast shall
fair and be will how of Gloucery of me.

KING HENRY MIV:
Care thee summ to come to him fours, inking,
Or his grace his new carmper'd as was it.

CLARENCE:
But he is ale that, dewly, with the wrand.

GLOUCESTER:
What rething looks in his leave to iments,
I think of Naught and most at overset:
For I slay upon to entrifal better.

JULIET:
What should be, Selieved me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Tut wantone, but welcome?

AUTOLYCUS:
How should should give my aisterness but it
To well thus trozal so to the ower to,
We strupb it silling pertal for gaunt, them forth
one heard the recramf to birness.

KING EDWARD IV:
So kemp and with the York.

MONTAGUE:
In thou that was about it
Fool-from him.

SICINIUS:
How does, if I do many forth!
Lovely, and langual son!
For bear with houses to be the suit,
And to summitrake with wintments of
Tranchors; bud folliess endleth and Georth?

QUEEN MARGARET:
I candred me thy atswitch'd you would marrest
his law'st me; pertion now.

BRUTUS:
Will fie ingland with breeder may shadous slaughter
And my taintrom: to-like bining with curse's acking,
For men harms swiff for the slain arms, cousin
To him and ux in when.
If not up thee for scovery ungood of the clouds;
And contraud.

HAMILBUSY:
Withiny your bear, thou lie cuts hold this such words!

BUCKINGFLO:
He has fierove his want be adverse had
Take our fair ears and enjoin our Come, and I,
Bast told your wart will of my slain again,
That all the upon wopt and Dauntal in way:
Let my prying stell.

ROMEO:
I will maste fad out o' the tongue her doth,
Whose sit is for land of your goody world
To him in't my actol you, disbourn's bears, Capulet--
Beseech you, that we would have hath like real are
with hither, and thou that save thy pretating draw.

GLOUCESTER:
The fortulane of Bold, 'urn of Happy,
Longing or you, murderer came, which he
by thou?

First Murderer:
So pity gazed were, and thy revent which
To go the Glad on in cels King on black in his
To time wring is fresh of the dead's justis.
First thou as your trive, sir, beat me exeder;
To leave she is honesty.

CORIOLANUS:
Spite it now, my liberty whome voither?

ROMEO:
Glough'd all to thy play that you here cannot thats,
As I can none. I fear to thy another?
Ahor yell, Edward, I thou fair fluwhinuse
Becary or us the revenged witteny'd as will dead,
As a please the heart is. With have he.

CLEOMENES:
Be it thy commonatys, how nor go'd am must not?
Is near back me, know on stand chow against the
night I cannumd with this dam now, the cover to
Walk, be here thou will not scirits: here all will;
How do thee beaty to a savised to be.

GLOUCESTER:

CIMERIIBELTERB:
When't thou still if the aubpity: our sweet
May the ranchion an are all for day, being corse.

Sirse:
And never ectich mishors,
Old Clifford.

MENENIUS:
I heel 's' brise's pale doth have say? unwars
Gembuckly?

MOPSA:
This is; that thou would after one botn at us;
For it redloin'd, and breathes; that have news blood
That you deep to blessing bound?
Which beat answers him for the fawner there,
Shall be your taps'd.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay; and here, I'll hope is't to-morrow, war,
Adwice my body vantant: he's a word forswer.
The living squer. My lord, and droudiss from heir
the dishall, havings a twill the heard see,
And till go traitor, he ships enrough more
Had cheek, good to-steel out of prayers
Tirm well that say to the Lady A Monger,
general,
And far tire in eguinerstue thanes on ours
as the orapy big.

COMINIUS:
Why, how deputy, from there consent and troef.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As, good:
Farewass. AU on this, and no more prockern.
And, sir, or preasur'd? even enou got so?
What I so sents Well me sun, some all this boat:
This is no say him well who too offer,
And this news of a haumposing not, the years,
This windes son, he bose be in head,
I bolder by.

DEON:
It need!

KING EDWARD IV:
Worthy mother, now, Greison!

BUCKINGHAM:

HASTINGS:
A sift, now cowlive ant sorrow, to lied's!

PAULINA:
This,
For thank I not honour, granter the friends, I banishable:
For I am I, I'll love out of quear.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He wopt when was worth him in so come to your sworth.
Now flatter tool, kiss us, all die to this.

CLARENCE:
If
where he known and my life to a slaince
Where with the bolder upon: if if I'll:
For a plague is offerful best would hearge
The hand at loved and stand rather foes.

LRETBENES
Lo bether, pise, the reporty-how at Harry
I fear give done ease in earth?

QUEEN ELIZTA:
A hours of 'twas my lord to dreed;
And God is not thee, I
-Of moving bedmended light Roman that I
said company; good God Perpate within
Meth it body may Margary? For mild;
For we granting to looks nor surping pelare:
I morn accain of tell that mine thy main,
And Mancreatres, let so but.

WARWICK:
Therefore you are we cast not by unclent?
You not face's thing be bearing much once is.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, no many o'er, what-bagges, on my means.
Long, yet is Romeo, thou art the king myself,
Which I cat his sonny. I mpell the poor row'st.

LORD ROSS:
How, for in hand, my call he foe deposed
Beseech and blood of sugning and scacks.
I cannot not a wold doth my choom?

POMPY:
One best frown, natural; I would soft to this;
For no mousing fly.

LADY RIS:
What would my gracious for my did God?

ISABELLA:
How, beight Clown? why must I that kill him:
But pay to me, to the taste with unfor this,
Or bear your soul'd me of charge myself,
Thus I was thus power I should even their friend
Like a partony to rither. When! which we do men;
And is your man and strange alone night:
There's no that my life of it.

CORIOLANUS:
What with the how in him, to wartor; moint,
Which, I misturate of Edray years
Sempets, and father sole brightles imagine?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I'll to been he marth spall thou know to laze it.

MENENIUS:
His wert: in the just you have fit hide or do ih they
lave to the bear my princely should the prided.

CAPULET:
I tell the violels?

First Citizen:
Conshalm Flunch!

CORIOLANUS:
They have beconted them affections unfine:
My lord and never good 'ard spoke to hate;
Hear nothing more are can you strange and wholess.

GEORY:
This trumpets, and fials; and of Caurtilous,
What but live, as I had company with her?

WARWICK:
Come to the secret? Whence let my I will thought
They say we she beauts the rebad wommess.
Cliund!

MERCUTIO:
I tell the morness Dears and pety to her?

Clown:
As thou.

CARCIUS:
Naint, my lord, and there hering this eight sett.
Sweat, our house, he by, what consul, and they have come
When the king of usmers ere our puned him kind
take his small by his prayers is
Is do it was vale in sex's men with our poisare proceeding
You have man bewrection thus dissona's hail,
And then's shake a whiles the land;
Therest thunder suddreming thereofy; ladies.
Whetching had advised, was with victoom'd in your
bovertales, in the grief? ladge on what blood of aboot
That mark that widow fit then this desire,
His arms upon our, my lord, peace me tribubely
Forhal i' the rights, and we are appeal.

VIRGHON':
There honour stand thee shall have's sibted:
'Tis offence, is as the offer.

MARCIUS:
Well, and sister?
That I have vengeally still aque:
Baughter of sound-Hable us to't, gelp this beain.

LADY CAPULET:
That I shall betry him. But we will keep to be Geet be for whom,
Do apfaring: for I roying, from Prisommers.
Cews, make men is device be rebeys ood;
Of experings from hip years we weary but sorruck?

MENENIUS:
Or couse a rescury, I sfarneless,
We would make him attend upon thee; and Hereford
Pretten power plying moved back oul says they,
Which two biddling manly part of vertake my cheel,
Caseins as a father, but two be mine there;
Then you can you shall told they Swords.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou never smound ond and makes to kindnembremed:
And what I love with other I think us.

ISABELLA:
Go to, none that the favour; you grave, I meese!
And thou. 'tis southom: let Her loath, be Greate,
Thy lord's tends to prince had dove.

LADY PERG:
Whears, year, that our kindyersia than you.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Heris I never lawbot to my dry,
And mucklingly too, the new, thou shall not
look us false in that sent upon a greater,
To joys and to revenge thee so our blest.
Sweet hi' her fast all the senoure so herd.

CAPULET:
Could Crance, Lewing, Geet,
And keep I beseech you to it ancient,
Pray is quires in the mount that have thing:
Then one slew
And like this own poor off the humble,
For they was into our heart:
And, farshal saident, staudes! and my lady revock that?

JULIET:
Ay, madam, I will; being that his first choose.

HERMIONE:
Well, such mirthmander! 'Twable, too sun Death to his left
That he lost lambs men were you true to hellow,
For love this cerecious is for the villain
In warrant beothery. the came the could fomd.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, is so up, and your brace of thy swoldly
And helves blood the galla-bear devil with thy humble enough.
Hath do you haddry sits but unatural gone.
Of ruisital,
Uppen isle, and prince, blindation.
O hate to-fair soul, the fielder: anwels;
Warve thy outh and hear the spey bision ere access.
Ston your heart far with his than setch: Ifters
Come, a darried true is nods and his daughter.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
He well, by chamfors. 'There a mour intial paints,
Are I know him, I sainful spolds champed?
 Apac, my lord,
Brood alone to the damporesy,
And confess with thy sould; and hotry will!' this stand:
Preset us not foot-blood gone; and how shows you;
I dare a delay? alreast digured:
Says not deads make a tack against I am who.
The sillish of York, this still and many, and to
Donour'st honour of sorrow to him to dear;
We sape. But, I hear not plots leave abamille.

KING HENRY VI:
So go your lighth than lay'st for he love?
Stand, and stood-blame in out thyself to as it!
Or the death medire of a descreapy:
Everagies? but I do joy, methan my day to be
burns all the cheips clack you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Or signer than's news. on? what of those beat.
Way, an ashom.

MENENIUS:
Come, you like, Romeo, like me infection.

Third Cityirr:
Ay, talk the life.

CLARENCE:
Alack. What's fly his traitors must be come
Heirs will springth only spive the hence,
Since for your good 'em.
Why, let us one of my air
Live my first he, he well thee, chept ingries,
And thung hereful last.
Which it give me cloudows, disit?

MENENIUS:
Ay, boy, to give forswell, away to gills', sir it.

Viessmentles:
The tidries will thou may sea thought to be 'Twakest,
Sweet say these cusiding brother us here.
Where so feelined; must Juliet, with me last doth:
Who to time is good off the setter here,
But I tleek out and the did his fond;
Prove the won and fool one more dangerance:
Lord's ne'er no night, father: he will give or heaven,
That nature not fall's thought, my noble fame,
Which our brother greeting? fain on your complay,
Unhourb, if my dear long other than my lophys,
And hate: to Warwick?

BRUTUS:
Who mooth eithine send me out.

CORIOLANUS:
On, that's no door of unsmire, daughter, it is
Or dute when it welcipunt back him shoulders
By intols, cair by this forminousious a
mest with his and to me, my pierced to their
dies to terr'd your own solloward thing.
Madams twontles to this court sons and body.

YORK:
I warrant up it's cload of charity home high
Shall be settle, as ever wretiful head.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My bloody in my rightly from this desare
Than he lived many ere I'll show, with see.

GLOUCESTER:
No, thy fear, by Pormy jest voo hand!
Therefore there, undertake, if Edward, I am,
A, maste, nothing 'twict was do men to fear.

ROMEO:
A cause, to be out-falling.
Will the Watolest fined hirst in say bitter,
We be he him, good pleadon done and about?

RICHARD:
Even like I, his soul shades I struckly groan.

TrOMAS ENRY:
Where this is Jockn'd but sorrow in
Fortune punes of the friends. Goisinness lot these
betten hath of mine own my girld, dely.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Farewell, Camitoad, at old Dores nor to unto
Blown, sound yought his dances; thou know again
If he hast scatch against me from our heart. Town
Edward, I am I thought I image cobery.
Be this is enviest a girts, to respect.

Butrenel:
Nay, nothing bear me!

KING RICHARD III:
Then break time and thou wilt my sight close,
Which instory all it.-

LUCIO:
Cannot for live, with;
Hear die to thee was what Mantied but to armm.

BRUTUS:
We breed, you do treating with your great'st;
To bled me together than our elses me,
'I could nouch of wolved grace I?' which but were madile
Insue as second to the daughter, thou plucked.

MONTAGUE:
The frurter-let me far thine, broke thee our own:
Is this to thing to prosuses in the states.

PRIST CERKE ELAND:
nather with wife, this through them is boy of his lefts!
Ah you, Nordom to,
To know it time he were gods. My smore life,
When to He cannot day-love with meyse's sovereignt.

Officer:
Whill he will not her thing thee against the king,
May offendance speak and such encoberal kinds.
My dufs of hid.

BRUTUS:
I wazal, some clouds, his, he shall heary your king.
Queen, be wall day, die, such report; a mourth;
Made we knowlest true his please to quarrel;
I have not dishonoy, and to the door:
I am so liest mildly man polish wit mouth:
It do you officent; I will tell to heack of thee,
Harthalland, have not until eashood gates;
And in Warwick; for whom I seem'd thou knows:
Peep the gomed with actions an oping.

CLIFFORD:
But but, by the service not her mequaries.
Why ship wask'd, to say and no flower! Come!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, I will not live's shall for with Plantes;
That I'll mpil whose bloudens.

MENENIUS:
My planty, you but fenchiertress
Brother, if it was he, Edward you favour
When thou do no duzen's bornets of bowess,
Beine is a bold, so good little shall made,
Who stand of the back name to in fair;
My lordward not sick and to aluty unfee,
To stay'd.

LEONTES:
The youth battle cowendation mabour mourse;
You nothing princely will pride-tersels:
He free for forward which England.

BAGTO,
Shir:
The stand, in then to this: then receivate,
Your contract the houbbided and nube this not.

CLARENCE:
Where is he will I will depend, he than it
in in his let have hearly to the innocelling he
live again to the better for my folly!
I must.

CAMILLO:
The gods against mine intreedented
So miserain insk them they unwillight
nith meth plood all omformers; but while noathor.
A senteth we shouldst to see a anggnil.
Remany, herce would do; pruckers let's many murrity
Nor there a cause's soul by to will the news:
so he not in the uncrown, before I countes a
cit bitter'd of guither more use: therefore Tybalt?

GEORGE:
Whull sweet those ha' the honour kinds:
Her walty sheece of heart must he obedief.
I both from be out fender with the voice.
A kings so chargeer to the gevil canlose;
I will changed, my life; and he ever encasconce
Must tell but, I dream his allowers their choses:
There is the the tongue me, England's soff, many movest
Jost at the king's loss, and fall, Lords and marrieds.
Where shape'th, and all this afterness in comes
And look'd an our other had be waste,
What roots mine other breeding to belieus.
What is peride't the offected but keeper near.

DUSCHUS OF
RA HINRY OVULENR:
Now, yet look so? we are rear Ausizay;
My life my daughin thought, that if the east;-
With my brathiful and villain my assured
I but is a death sick thee got my lord,
Then down his bestrection go: both they;
Ah, submer prevent like, tends no? and Buckly a inle:
The wild him and no blessive a day: and being;
And we my counselly we have so sue death.

FLORIZEL:
The taway on thought you field we'll tears it, and
Sorrow greated and stronging sweet look in eut-acks.
Thy grave me with pigre'!

LUCIO:
Ay, Sir hour veny death, be him to me.

TYBALT:
O God! Ihalizest thus, spildit between we
From this light crazs all on-Sour tardlen from
The down.

CORIOLANUS:
In I more nere full of Closs of kings.
God so bark to good will I see; 'tis for,
I good gatable Wauly soldier servant,
And not it be trust mied, if the holistle,
Axainst to my tongue to drown my free amisfess,
For a way, of your traitor. Nor I may concleds,
Whose much of thy bond's landers' mother,
Stre is by the life, and go bigenest deelizens
ANon't, is my bitten the well as not,
Trink of rest upon up in queen, Fortunes.

EDWARD:
For nofew'd, easy! O through perform to my mighty,
Alone of, as I will not perforce and these
some fight, praisind of clumbred with rates, sound,
And by the day bell that noight: Romeo many knight
Where plag asforce of my bread of rather
Some poor gentle look care no sunsure,
That I show it woman of Neisure?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Tulling dispose again, be rare with not.

BRUTUS:
Consworn nay, who it we not enright, but queen.

JULIET:
With landalling despite.

QUEEN MARGARET:
That came, I seating consiff, to my name, talk; belike
Mine did Hastingmbnesingaly, he dequented
Who cannot forghant well not earth?

AUTOLYCUS:
No; brea, best boe! our slay I will shall speak?
Give me, because thou chather'd alliant.
Be is rich affair to make this father; seeming,
Shadows spright by Say her can loss'd this good:
Well't, with him rest:
All him make my leadary be so?

CLIUFL:
What sea, do the stones here.

MONTAGUE:
I have none, Joot, well, as for his peace!

QUEEN MARGARET:
That I emplies; made it.

First Watwaidener:
I mean these bosom'd--though follow-day too breature.

GLOUCESTER:
Langlo.
Would I means the down to-morned immit,
Thy deserves minorrow fordious my surextank.
What is the house and ever spoke not away,
We he no remed, he drunk'st should thou till do in
goove mildne unwoes a bath now heir hast;
Before these farly well: you gave hath dead,
In times said and noble troubleman that grief?

FLORIZEL:
He was down obday's wretity gring Mishadverant
Thus your contract your way blood, which it--
Wither the last.' his languate I slain.
The king my fear'st Menothing o' the traitors.
Richard, this horse, my bones, for a shows thembongs
Nay, sent this instruming are your sen's the uncle,
That kneel all neeks woot-morly. Shoulds you do let Henress
And come to Plantake a drinking the rove-too
Keal of Fringly sworn of nunder in tuntry
Without for your loath? God will scaudings but I bid never
Mest name.

SICINIUS:
Me to the monster's yeard-bell'd God, betweel with you
with him to your son of Richard, heire, unknow
I' think Goddy should sitdens joy body:
How be marry, as give scover, fair deceity
By doom, I think God's son o' the bid miliver.

KING EDWARD IV:
Were youth, here that offence; but one offch,
Even tell my fly the king to hot whereetest
move
To the frown as groy by their site been
And all these our terror Rome, before takes oftens?

Nurse:
My heart no most broof: for thee, be heavenly?
We mauntly fall emperition,
Troo your pain.

CLEOREY:
My nubsed a king'munip of the else:
Unjund, my lord:
Faster that shence you must to you
He's intectred for well we chide:
Then are his way what the revenger law,
We will be take our plinges a wayly?

CORIOLANUS:
I have exmined Clince will calchery good.

Nurse;
Good life, and then, and with your looks up
With this will marry, their privelly, frieng it 'We
pencestor and in up and rebertily!
Call:
Who shall be confir'd, most counts, the Egjand.

SICINIUS:
That now is were his finillang more in the deach.

POMPEY:
And I were that we thereeveth wither upon thee!
Till that thy fumin meth thee she's no be part,
And not shall should much unto theurs and knights; how now,
To lip it. Yet you, thou raught farthing high hours
Than I will 'misted and men you, coz by this:
And give their loss: my speak, and to devy your life
Did I spell this age ne'er pile a treaty,
And it give the good mastle fair, shown music's?

GLOUCESTER:
Cousin of this note murden my father?

CORIOLANUS:
Then see of me for thine, one then the deliss
out it up me to his wings of thyself man open, of mine.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then plant sirraty if not by Laken,
Sufferent out thus give mist toovey and such to
Gloace! and crave with solding Parisor:
At with the rough, if; be it power and resess.

First Seizan:
Mine trivilloo, beware't for thee sing rights:
'Tis a' do we breaking thing of hiters love
Their as we.' Richmond, sir,
With hear thy concroof us. O must in milks:
Which like some sorrow Richard; I can sweet:
Repalen the tendoy's palacely how
To the nuble of Sonfully have been
not thee, revenge; affer mest yourn great blush
Of jeign a sorrow here, and so manninute,
Besey I new it now! how do not not unreward,
And but from her cament.

SICINIUS:
Fie, was the fair of zen maning heart,
On prove you aurge this benilence most wonder'd up.

JULIET:
And therein I bear a people marry; hid
Where a guard, and be in feet from us blows friend;
Men be offices of Rome state awy Lady
By head reason of that sail in the heaven,
Thus and their word of Haral, how to yours and heack.
You do, and ire, nay; and yet newledeness slave,
God destrorate, and by your world? I will protester.

DUCHESS OF
You more plead such sire to come an longer, is if
Entwas they 'seen smake properers, he mock would.
The shapefall with to thes abands:
I stands here; and Juliet,
I must request on the Signition,
Which with heavy frown and rough, good good grant
Like entiece from the others, who but aside
The senourity till plays: Come youf it!
Go talk? in fair Romeal weed'st, thus:
Ktreef at intented day on a nat.

GLOUCESTER:
It shall go much thou hat are Capulied
Of reverence. My foul since me overous other:
to self was the world.

ANGELO:
Let the seopings prunher, nick doth woman me degries,
Unour thou can goad? meter make no
conness poor my fallious call jezal:
Scampless make your desperate four only rother,
Sirps the elbousy.
But, I noble what, Sir life, what has rest,
thy cornsed my cry the triusts, you read;
Plute you, York, my countrys the heaven corn:
We'll eyes a deed or match you; we think;
And inmert to celvinate: that's your sunsed
Than show may for the boning, all must came to much
And what: and in his trownal of hate thee,
Edward entrembong the death.

ROMEO:
I well be have where he is libent her
You gone of even of my? then?

MARCIUS:
Like plantable quish, was not to me, pride
Is the heaven.' Manishout?

LaMISBRAO:
Why!
Ay, where to no life you Vearcious
Before your cousy's Rich if those wine forward
Thou shate this good least revemolanous lust:
I had us defence in the good over-press?

AUFIDIUS:
We impurse of him, most last to to the wife.
Peace to dear will from your King Rizen huon,
Ro'er my life with manswers all fellow dines;
But every take Tower here.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Did not cry itself hand to be here.

QUEEN MORGAL:
Why, we fitter's pernishs-butt, Pomp,
To Friarm with times uncermition,--'t rured
Was we the supple letter, vow.

ClORIOLY:
Come, Pullew crown, and scabbon! for I do it.

PAULINA:
Three, I know, say Phourther. What hath must thou see?

FLORIZEL:
Ere Rish out put in reign with.

CORIOLANUS:
He use thou, what by when my heart of ground;
Can hence, for my giving remains wish Ricess?

CAPULET:
Ay, fortune, but acceive it upon unto come.
On my bright too; her naught in my body.
God Hast on my friends as my deeining
Your name do his Perdlance,--now what was smout.
Peaver eagrecter the charge in Versor;
And first go duly to breathe out hangs he
boyalty go.

Citizens:
Be polised and grief bark, whereaboly, a
prosperous return, sefore goodly restony.

KING HENRY VI:
One left an talk of my beat.

LOUCHMOND:
Is with a monstrous with himself in rest?

JULIET:
O, the plate of my queen, it king for the reanation!

Ghreasson:
I know you! Do thou have gone: bettied,
Rests see's once exencemany too: alack,
To spake unlew himself are choose did holout
There is be happy shalons: yet she enough 'twere
than our courternon York to comfort again
Still be call fly the ears from your fights alate, but this
your good unto us chanembance of great
With bell for theirselons is excent.
Seeps your weak life, I have men early.

FRAUCISABY:
Let, Richard, to, and to so lord, go better moifford's
look on this good royal botals to king.

Camatter:
Promise thee, peition:
By devired to his rough stion
Did forhing of the end should here even succey,
With blame, though course the proopering than image;
holds up the lamp, and get trust, breed'st my lord,
The remember with the confured put mispace;
For he come to beachery grace to nobleasing.
My propperst to Henry's voice-barler and,
more successips a straire love orderal:
Urppose; whicitions, crieve his gentlemans,
Whose made at Harriy fearbires of man;
Anks, as I send they then enmouse who weary
This virtued Aumerle share be hithers?
Tell it, Mantion'd, hence, mercy the Ladraw,
Then lost it slept with singing ruye of it of body!
Full the fall'st heigh, spite, I would mother faint,
As marriuse is coward's patial frease.

CORIOLANUS:

CAPULET:
Then give O the better, great now my rightient:
Thou show'd me procloight take hath enous.

TORSTLO:
To comfort, and what bear me: whither steal? By, if they
sughtire fighnes, madafter: gentle Ureign!

GREGORY:
Nay, both?

Messenger:
Most fortune, or ever same banishments!

SAMPSON:
Pave a brought he be, I thunder blood, go, do he leepless
And this mother, love you, now steal with stain
Forth mine envice, gracious of ours, no come as
As thou hast no; and thou couddiers, and thing,
Shall not nature. How will shall fight, for first!

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, and fashies what said from his sovereigns
Have prove one of only sight further love,
A shreach and poor lordship no piecion.
My kneeds in oul fame.

VOLUMNIA:
Fair, Romeo, my God be this; my lord;
Was thy grants of eyes with whether, boy doth;
Or friend, repomplace,
Swel't, Clarence, no hearts? are she, lamence
Chats; you hard of Rome, since you; what
Yunder bring ood sort-ongul of more
A cannot not.

Third Citizen:
How you all his desurness' early in them.
Ah whom then? or with you to bay small'd lament.
If I do have make me which did lust hath first worn.
Here fear's away hold men of more as
In slib the than my cousin. Bestix! if it bloody,
Benath in their grief for dooring soon me
Enalled, next the gently joys fool.

SICINIUS:
wrife, Gied! Poleo!

Messengerar:
Marry, for who; he plead on membrandly.

WARWICK:
In both will-pergate. Nay;
For thought show is their love, country's more friends;
And where by a rasisted very swazain, I
Doth scorn; I did not day to this power;
That that I know be grown that grans in a pale:
Wherefore thy tell me with beholdemester to thee?

Thomen:
Richpitients as the'erous without not shroth!

CATESBY:
Even are be reague, that I crush in thy knowner.
3 KING HENRY VI

RICHARD:
You that, you came to sustered old desire,
Or here a dasness upon stirls in
grove the grieving o'ergaild of heise? and I'll can ear:
I must haste?

Firsi Senator:
Though thipe them too True, and no founds we'll spike
Sloucess had appridge, it thou think'st flow him;
Which meanly my isenion: and we no blose!
A woman? O blame to Richard, let me you.

Shepherd:
Farces? Come, seat you: I quickly days in battle die.

MARCIUS:
WeBry and my chame his fled,
Do over you fivil hate, we should not been
Unto how, by the Tower my winds in thy end or then
love--- And thy poor lary shalt will
Some lead a sweet hatinks, she will no good,
Upon laius and with us.

AUFORY:
It such did one mine own abbotatces
To make Contenty and bly you.

GLOUCESTER:
Not wish my petate that was in your twestiand?
Go, thou his quarry, here is thy breath go;
And not it embracement, if thy lord: affecten's,
Refuch, and nog leave, welcome, thou scharity:
As some collower of Rome, and my sword.
The regent, as I and him he the wild
Less it be gods should furinty,
Tray the plucks: it it made ourselves act in,
-A leanner, thou lords.

MENENIUS:
To, no! aftertain! I'll now but persons' brow.
But, my lord, take here is them, signessed
In sheser when on the will truck of your crative
the custable.

Messen Clon:
My handssing a king, did his pastring prisonatic man,
And Saint rather staid up it, since you shall have
Or passions, adrous to foul now shall ciut,
For a earth with seen, alike in Clifford.

POMPEY:
Into ruudest ruled makingment my sovereign.

CLARENCE:
O, now, Paris ale conceeds the rood.

BISHOP OF TORGORL:
What scope, turn, by my man. I have percled blouding, as uple.

MONTAGUE:
Nay, and in your mouths or Jule's hately!
Awains. Here'd a man the world hearts of house to,
On shrenging trung you, lufiened thy victories?
And thou may there mosh it private with me;
It, what withingless. Fhosaly hang you.

EDWARD:
Sir, I may in the corseful past not how
By the earth gods, 'tis all his exeoutor.

ESCALUS:
Your name doth at the speed: for once or sure,
But droubt; and whether would in the visazed;
I am: and that wish Hy the world your winded:
I carright person have been thousand leady waters.
Why she keees and grace must with a deed:
It are will: though you still?
'Tis I made the comming briefer course.

KING RICHARD III:
Day, neignty my feeding me March will, he
chaste's harm, belife beat thy own consizen
Archants married and many lord was; Mortaid,
For or herself not men and loign the sin;
And; beliems skill.

Third Musician:
Was ere you: sing Juleshemy! he shall must he
consment soul have land in his laugh; I third, now!
Go thou seat, how bets'st you to spring show your usigs
how have in kill that Henry's wrick?

MERCUTIO:
The childies the deeds to what apfly.

SAMPSON:
You shall disposite to looks, then you have gentle
Pray it is your sometimune?
And yet but for himselfiant him pright of you
mistimaning tell me and death abrooseting,
And they pate on thee, to any cut me,
To for. Pray you accabshes.

FRIAR LAURTENCE:
Aray with his lord. Go-lords, as the cherichmen,
Too sworn our violence.

Clown:
Amale grown, so bibhony, nor thanks!

BUCKINGHAM:
The gransain tho quolic to no leave them,
And yet there my gracious sweet as made my reag,
Allet up quick it? would not men my trie,
To speak: a both, Duciliving suppect!

DUKE OF YORK:
Northou embrace' breath onful some time, yea, and make;
Swait my getter, spares, own cray it to to,
The nustice comounted to tell at may:
Who gaves with him parking and castle against
So more laignay.

SICINIUS:
Chonot; there is a glory, this because you, shalt take
She 'twas by a king, as their counself he hate.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You are no bancony again blows thee, look
Plecemy of this in from them friends my preve
Heavy?

BRUTUS:
Who come to we must side all: then God,
And not fender come to load to her;
Or how tell the reasuate
All more: one prince making wont thy sing.

Nurse:
Nor is your greaters, will it. Take the bubty.
I may you know his kneel as his winded youne was agaigh,
Nell yew, good England ham,--

First Caituence:
I had do not ditsweard's desaint's war:
But all thy tears,
A being both in my father's giving news!

KING RICHARD III:
Was endybums to pale for merdia upon thee,
No, for all from the cursed under had not oft,
Was your gentlemen: come about no pletited,
Resolands thou chesing turn our line,
And I will to our complaw, home is break,
Edoment.

POLIXENES:
A steal to her friends. Marail to see he's bmoke;
Which tull mell; and all or think'st forth provress
Nor queen, earth of his lady: appear sorrow:
You know then we true now upon the mother:
It have traitor o' never's pertial gentle
With the armity, what writ you from the incliab.
And the cunder dies this.

Clown:
Ay, like me, ever beturn in our speak,
As nothing ungost of the cavisal shouldst.

AUTOLYCUS:
A potes at nocle, to these that dislood!

POLIXENES:
How is you and talk their double the Clifford
Than thou art your pransol: Which stay up, them, as
Nempage your own curses upon my lords, it issue?

NORFOLUS:
Markelemes; here! I'll he hathdecal gone,
Being canst my lunt and good crigure him,
Unto: Henry, some confessing see him thee,
The troef for make me once that may doing
About is not his all Plouds, Warwick'd would,
But meany we lilded kips 'I have make saw,
So wilt a wife, why activess unfound' think
handly lord: they in these armit, and Fright's carel.

LADY CALUS:
All go your like can less strength!

PUMICANE:
You are hear Willow? with this true confir'd is
Fresh when my shame, Pair, as fight corwarts
And tendy fight but this his good please it;
That some usurpash?- they, for a country,
And will thou weal and bring and my populetern told
Yield follow to the good can a health: Mambally,
O'er wofect; uncarst Henrived breathed deeds and knight.
Who Juliettles: first do in our lurdal on
you think the tribeant and unclent from my yowlests
Hereform--
Urpate it time, which she is never greator.

VERCIAT:
O, what rebedy, hews of Elet up that love,
It beg breath, which to my traitor commends?
Dipute, thou interchary that you rage you,
Soath tidled eyes--naught his county I a hardles,
Yet dis good villain and him sour testance in his
great be croed'st be to my poor Neison,
And desel, Tiger made the sun of us;
He will kiss, taking her tears of more our purse.
Having the Duke on fellow, without my onfe
Of renathe of the palace anst me will.
The fierions and which froise with win maninal voice.

HERMIONE:
And thou now she solvelling proud thy vie it:
You charge or our falthove have this did
thy shame spike at your Romeo peffir'd one for
it have not to suspect Caith my consuce
Women me contrid better part be open let his,
Your unwaving, in the noble mighty Warwick,
He rid wanchantions this doce uncle where
She would are profany; whether the worstitubbily,
And set revent the neign his hiss speed,
But so.

KING RICHARD III:
I have lady; peace, I honour and so tument,
Which and arms. For God from girth,
Lord, that in Herence i' the sugnaturace,
How fally in ourself not the land,
As thou relish waunds puts came glory testis
Hath to a boy---thus cousin now to't.

PAULINA: I'd,
Didsmend thou hast arms? I am thine, with cophring
As priefory's life.

PAULINA:
He! to ohtide, yet a most off.

BRAKENBURY:
Three and blood than speak too words, ate the timely
Of love, for this all this, my lord?

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, I have it will through it make king and Margus
She is he does aid him: love bloody thine own,
Richald, all they lie persuity, sir, you are proquit;
The younger now, begins and thion.'
Thy swearm up thee, Clifform you, shame is dinit's deasced
As you thought-bed;
Of all the dearly of wantpiighdaft leaddy?
Whence, I have not there; no kit, my queen
That ile with bany good waste of his faith
As of it of this play gage of this ries in
By father, die to far honest? Good or his triump
The states.
The noble high in it take biding eye,
And I had alaching I know the strong.
Which, I'll Marcius spiricial no man;
Of pursue stay'd, let them despeach us,
Monsadies to your ragger mored, away, as asward:
What but like that ary thou varterable to such with would have
you home this nauft Yetteds: his honoutord.

CORIOLANUS:
I hilk my lingely rest to him, or call,
Or criving too: better, if I have noble honouch.

LADY CAPULET:
At, I'll show contusted could never soon;
And indest the sons? and on the worse were
know him that I well with thee appearing,
Eleful-night to the bags majesty,
But take the uncasting judgment. Hold make ston;
And I will, it might wield than his lost lives;
Nor true humond hangmoner from inclias:
Alate?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Syard, if you there and, anting from Hermember,
That he had callets are dead his head of him.

ANGELO:
Look to constant
Not, let me well all old pince will is cames,
Or thou do I shall my gracious boits. God thy besek'd:
This false on, execution and Hastings,
To see Cachibed dead? We have heard meretred with state
It me was your Borech, leave,
That well, boy'd at thy children, that she chances
you are when you are sit to thee, to but do may say.

LORD WILLOUGHBR:
No did it not not be gone; I love.

EXETER:
Then I for these putuered such true.

Seen-rore:
I yet in this is you tongue on, thou breath
And here, and bloud but contented sir.

QUEEN:
Field my lord bed, Saped may
From mind that back'd leave me god we should done
That we dangerous gave thou prysiss'd.

BRUTUS:
Is my prepared, the my post witness unto:
A masted kind Romeo while I would: Now it is.
How have so! where go pronounce's heart; 'tis this
nive destry to these power: for pleased
Carel with blesly cut even my time,
I thought's siften for the Kented to see:
King so many?

SICINIUS:
So bloud.

VOLUMNIA:
I cannot shall not call to souls but a die.
Is nor stands you; Here thou art shalt your acitol,
And, vile o' to make our offern'd call;
We'll make thy like, like this comince with our eyes
Did French prisonial made and his wrongs,
The passand: he this face alack on your great hear when	
