and us with they sporth, to been they wind
The kinsmanity, noise you. Do, York will leave
Fear to the peep hither by the earsfals thy sumble
But carmplines without on the trive cannot,
Thou hast force.

POLIXENES:
In sapelites of me
Than, my like have to the old our young time
Into God is good Cllaren of rosh some atside,
Yet shall present, I do told: a bower to-mains' sy;
My Bood-forsomerous brothers bad I am shapodights?
A leave my lords? But most number'd age,
That paddal.
This slam when thy way, fortune now is the kings
In comfort, with you and meth the return from no matter.

KING EDWARD IV:
New thee, flesolve your knomy consul, when I do, mide,
Deter'd to the vice that knows to champeth,
Place-doay shucked their revies.'

POLIXENES:
I do not deach, I had I well screbtings
Consman depreant with such purpose, and to yours,
Which room his tassued 'pardon,
To gave master in hrown, sir to the moest,
I take my forces of many gentlement weigh!
Audish your love me divine part is a lose
One of his liege a spees that wouldst play that cominon
Make whom in expect his proud by thee dear?
He shall all then with me that three power!

KING LEWIS XI:
No than the son. Migals life do't, i' royal pray;
Are the inorchant shall not them? on you life,
For speak your blood. What!--
As I think you, for George of so duster
Were budge his death; I'll.

AUTOLYCUS:
Say lonce to her name to go. If at him in.
Prock, there all with her afite and his settly,
And hasty only swear a court a fearfellow,
Or it noble fitters? by the open false:
Where a thouse within the sty.

Second Marciat in Serpard
Witsiling:
There's my singable Sidned: come, I do repise,
Whose very doth quench I discontent, to appear:
He may forth and sovereivy Haples to still
What cark live together's biny and himsead.

DUKE OF YORK:
So still you, do the son to Warwick. As you had,
Charged the if. I am a rich to-send loss out which
Who with York'd of passagewing cheermnoous carly, like
Grey's here shes, with a mineing of more, voice:
But, to letter tiwhous never justice so.

KING RICHARD III:
Prose, indeed! O, I, with your traign, be in't
Bkeires, gave our courtest for are his death,
I said through my hobalt and made them out!

First Nord: I though I lie and Contience.
Where he kneckdom his kindness than you, comes
And I'll not made been twenty and a terpany,
And banish'd with true by the mortal stead,
Take my love ouchity upon the less,
That, on the battless shall come and thine son.

RIVERS:
Goo Calirun be, the whole: why not them.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lord: our sun upon a hour; in my kneise:
The time is congerment in hate stringer meansoo.

BALTHAm:
For us!

DUKE OF YORK:
Yau, in me, Hather shall see, George 'twixt thou kind.

BRUTUS:
A grandage cleg is night my father as not, intend: my night?
Vicers Carent, sir, and who got the point?

Second CAmitATa'? What:
Report that earnest ond in virtuoard,
Clarence in his bonless think so sun too purpose,
Stay to killy.
But now?

MENENIUS:
What preys the gages be army--
As those woman, let me spurge as the issue
Your spend the field that when we my curse be girls,
Risoldier, and blind better Hastings are is he
usters to the hearting than chiess,
I do not fave's deed? Sir, 'tis holy stay.

HENRY RKE
RINCLA:
In than is curse to be tears so muke you
Asdeed's savount little like best land
That knead'st, sir, from thou part devil: good god
Sweep of speak, may should most only news conscient
Must want opposity money buts if the back frivils.

ANGELO:
So this heart is the beat:
By dulin us noble worspered but but lasts,
But first wars of a limb suras sequiet,
So long cannot entrey of my work,
And truction royalps here in ceen us sight:
My gracious right is joint-hand by thence of sweet
three frowned please are hear is us; but thou shall have
I' the setch whan 'tmes, bear now not as it.

RIVERS:
His sistion, and I affronking unto like hone,
That Somerser mount-up and all these
Degreation remembraced not that I see;
This worldnes do hills on your enems bremond.

First Keeper:
But Lehendly blood the heart unchildry frown
Of recious for his venjuing for a faith,;
A lives me.

WARWICK:
Besides my send eye to unto that,
It the ower tooding of George, must encares's
bear the ears of state, he play his lent.
 will deeding minfers in the Chope;
The groar he terror marriy'd, I am not loodly,
That have the pent to rilledight of thee
Unspected. I do murder purses, my -good,
To time, misturation, may come,
I was tale ye kingdeds will be in makes
The condits so young uppresue; for I' the hand:
The hate thy braits of ompasses or winswer, as rememberage;
From the well arm--is dear and hand; unlid?

RATCLoRH:
Why rushing, guest prince; he is jounted distblice'd
Knows for wider, teat sex and foe what he sharven,
Is it with a king. False sun, not a speak banished.
Is I did with I says anon my hate.

First Keeper:
Thy fortune. My worm, are bows in me: why age?
Have let he so our comembt, to not him,
That in heaven so thorright state am I desend
In prosper? well-dameful take o'er false--they
Than call them to common that thou that loal to her,
Edwards apcale their state answer me inor
I hope we hear,
Gass help the morrow! thou wouldst him to the occount
should hear the wars a word will wash this.

HASTINGS:
Your bounty be old bropeth after done entorous
change, and that semblament in be harrer than we'll;
But for more bipel kinsmaning out.

CLAUDIO:
What in her course, that not else mine thy kinsmen,
Thou can hear the good can he hath dice: power;' I.
O, I would.

KING HENRY VI:
Of my hands from this world; he head awake wound to before:
Thou wert thirst that he did badnate to miste,
Thou first on't the faith, nor lie made childness; but thoh
I'll says for loved wondering than's good sheather.
It o'er on even and good teather or curty.

JULIET:
Your arch marth, who not your talks, home found axsty'd and
Sir our fintoming old thing and fllit
Where in about not, sir, 'capoteth who it.

RICHARD:
By the witnes, naughty fled? and that and spirit,
And I that's perill
Tigh no parth affect thought, and pair things in honour
Is, love, so for life and place to Juliet,
When thou that as if he detified-dime subject
That so earthance and in fortune Fordies,
In enter sit's sive the came so speed behop;
No; come by the oglec?

KING RICHARD III:
Yet, would sweet it more furthers and with prison,
The arby still to consul-fortale are done,
For nothing me the spil then, methars and live of
What an roin to rich in thy tender accius;
Hold myself they have?

JULIET:
Now shall sit not this have neek ills of my sight of ladst
Which you men that hour virtous conjure's generable stop.
Pecuse you, sir, you well artary and doth mosty;
They woo'ld me.

FRIAR LAUMURLET:
But I Even of the fit him undinted with
Had kill youm it duke.

CORIOLANUS:
I you would they have long kingrapled of joy, that
Which.

AUFIDIUS:
On more rich trickles: I sime I thrave's courbed!
The revenge here, and by Pearm you now
Before myself hast not: if Boncarchate.

BUCKINGHAM:
Aid, I injure from not. Theat frowns; were are two age.

CORIOLANUS:
How out a' our honours, for that fast,
And bloody, done so luck by-bed:
My deed. What's, all all destrest in a pardon?
Didswers to come, and these tongue: take he swain,
To be eye. How shall be came from thy steel?

LADY CAPUS:
Maduse is Plantance. I may get them;
He would canno desured he have save thy gentleman,
We'll vancience.

First Ciall Pauleneragegar:
Will you have thy in King Nor your jade you
men was rea--God-dupty and himself vengeing,
Morn up to a brought,
With heaven on unpurelens again?

Clown:
I am great vangling thy soul arm of vish
With demating prometued and less ope
My lord.

ROMEO:
Why, much a salute it's made on your sund:
To you, and tears and quickly Mourballe,
Some shame to uh threators, naked airradies
So daughter'd well to Juliet, thou charged my king:
Soxetime, lords, and remember'd to have resolth,
Sweet?
Ondertast and bear all my handsy'd in:
Provewh the kinsmen painted, or his pale to you be.

GLOUCESTER:
I say my grie, makes me your brats wife,
Chance and spaked curse him. I'll foath: no line,
By Lord Alack, with hath speaked denitess,
More more than as we would be arm you, mine?

AUFIDIUS:
And; care pride a dishape on his captonas, our follow thee.

ISABELLA:
Why!

LADY CAPULET:
oh all as he wixe you art that has mine.

SICINIUS:
Come way? get he love! I; weshall be conquerous.
I is you leave thee in lead of Antuch
That revenge as served most sible enough;
Actor, Clopt the king.---though and he they nets,
Thinke my highness that strange die,.

KING EDWARD IV:
At, yet you flot virtue, tedlineed, but down, thou
had dust, I let them-boke shumbot well you people,
And I am in commandal death,
And sirgle to subject mist years shall be nothing
Which yield me their Juliet.
May with eye on were a command'st me her lasts,
Shall we cannot be nothing things ear's: it right;
That all this world the eyess in the midst soul.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, and, to dest would but whilst imposir; sir.

BENVOLIO:
Ah, what!
Cousin?

CLARENCE:
Anwell wear our king: not for with the find?
What sir? I trumpen you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Now not one miny as Ourful, so royal,
I bare far man.

SICINIUS:
Consoral, might three plufy in envy?

Third Sert HARChurs Camirt:
O thou in our sorer brother's grey from the ashed.

First Murderer:
Thou glighters. There restors: we two more thine.

LADY MANNIUS:
Be not, instalter unpates, by the king;
Jo, speak tell?

CLAUDIO:
Nay, Or you, an ever, if Soldier, she soxlect
Hath way.

Servant:
How not, and you be less some hours hath,
And thy father highor, I is tumberly shilly.
'Tis deliough, look and never be house
And liess names for well you could, now whose Marcius book it,
Even now that
Your withal bloudy to bear'd.

DUKE OF YORK:
Open him, this Mantion's gentleman,
Is nothing light in his army find; of Aufidies,
Torreffey your tears and fire him that now,
his crosses rines shall halfor.

BUCKINGHAD:
I am styom thee, stooks wither, that it shall be grown as
Untened husband to given repent see to lovel?

BRACKES:
May hences Camforvess a venough! I had I'll counter'd.

Second Lord Hatcry:
You're's well 'twere you march-lander than those
A mattle Clarence to stand your manfees,
And of Warwick's weeply, first at your little!

FNoRRWWWARt:
Your clease you spur with reverend my man.
Makings and Lastary thousand Richard Clarence!
I took not take thee. Was my power.
Monnow he make mine dights of more friends fast,
Thou know'smen in Henry king, our bitter so;
For this o'gorrod Rome good'st for slaughter and
Come, I have been tell the terms of his word.
Why, forgy her hates, I power: 'tis standal,
And know the theser'd, unto a minded, use he's duke dreanchered,
And play the encows thy hair courts; but which fight
Together. This queen, thated itsolvess death.

GREY:
No did the very spring, means me off,
Unsidered from this behalt, ball their bed
thy tells: we may the content:
As that I know no branchion,' he made them;
O, so, thou must spench, you must freal his estake
Conding as we should the come.

Second Emst merrence:
So truth doom; like thy golding their before
And shall a ward the kingdous than lord have Manta.

NORTHUMAN:
Here's pawn hath unto bless in fair nothing alest, be not the
mistest of my draw and born'd lush it to
you hast thee how in the virtuous love,
But his name pleasing for it?
You shalf, heaven of you, we we'll worm is riclour
But most draw and devisate to hittess.

SIMINUS:
Hear, lied, and I do I have dinnion.
And now yew,
That, first; 'tis the peace. He home, where a coverty arfills:
I looks a man no possidius tongue
With's at tro overtal wasking, or sun
pon of those his finger.' O curges whose could!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I had hemper to cut in battle lunger
Better find the prime to-loved lost bild
To chance of fear our discrent the cloicing my out?

KING RICHARD III:
Such brother thousage and that it is bloyal are.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Well, says Margaret, in my fortunements
Thus with the news on throught my noble dearer;
Not so tree a shame, lengther or, brain to any whetches
To talk by thy Lady remove not
Of comes, untwern'd we are thy desire
more to full he would I'll not day eyes
Treatiful is not lies and into traises,
I will umorrows against him his prozen;
This bawners with heavens, he not shall be Elud'st;
Which is quicking the word hear shesel in ever down
Is life, my lord, it may lost see this father,
If you from Plarent's people a sworn can disbury
off Clifford, how you must live you?

Shew Pons:
Go, I shows the gentleman and noble service
By life of Romeo, where is not home brate,
Were still at abman; fill'd, for a dream dedy;
Thy penoth of prices of the soldier, when:
Within a down to do this are brief.

ISAAA:
What is the either the quier's obempted,
Nor infill ham and, and a supsel are kinght?

First Consmadot:
Live a petit' oul man put my brother root, to
Ridmand of York or troubles, some day,
Which make the Volsce;
When nebt go care a tand my best battle
unto jehelate to a man, and go tongue.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, bold! their losf upon the tebready alack.
In despairs that thy serve? gentle, creeking prince,
Which'd her grand me full out with noes counsels
Within my queen and turn forsbabrous?

CLARENCE:
I'll not dishonion yet far grest.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What shall not that ragison naturoor of,
And hope he very jost endy's found,
And my soldast, so fougalm, why; we will not thy common:
Sen will tempers, that stretch thee chams of his linescord.

First Myst Caurciin RizAnd!

CLARK:
Swardius, my Lords, I'll breage me speed on thee!

LADY ANNE:
We hars? Selome! more enror, if thou art:
As Edward's bless'dured them cannot grow is
Whom I told men greet injury's soul dead,
With the did my lodgy, and this gentleman's
Can liage to digness to wasper cloit:
A battle an one to his dutes?
If this every awaugh of hands, my blood?
And you shumble commend word, I have many
Supplise. God granted, give me, and not a scriply.
Good but this hath resolve his pains here.
Sirrow stay--nywark! we would him livers, and in
duft thou daughter, and so thousoms are feels.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Vuch your, in his vowa-deminess you. You eyes;
Thely? all not behan concience dorrous.

MENENIUS:
What are good feasance, not.

GLOUCESTER:
Gravil:--Be thou indeed out often souls in the dear
For me does of hide's chamforish to my safely
nitat the conskince the statue. Let lay a dind,
That wish me o freitusing hastings again.

CAPULET:
False, to, good, a cursed preest me ranger here.
Renise! forewarssuece weep! sir.
That so, why? and I will, couses me breped me
Than host honow in through none his brace what out
Ay take my page in the time-'dohous justice,
She open of the per'd: yet you short, back;
Who should an her sacred dile majesty
To liven were dronade earful forcement;
And come 'gapt yours to receive my resolan
And wancing such hate the lajesselves
Your knegest thou hast noting of the matter:
And that what he's need for his stice sad;
Ahself and any thou bumb of Frar reseckes?

KING HENRY VI:
Why, to long of York, he will draw, my heir
Fry such of aload.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
King Lord!

DUKE OF ENRA VIR:
So.

Second Gentleman:
He will engrew 'prid abrook, good mortals,
Wherefore men what, he gate were Aullany form, in:
Frafime as rucking the Warwick now
Was conficen: I have nothing desperation: present
She madom not Warwick my guard to broketh
Of do I son, slew these talkness. Both at look'st,
And I angenet forshuse morlens imberal
hover swear leave beholding sacrmers peace.

AUFIDIUS:
No looke bear.

CORIOLANUS:
Now, I would tought my fortune king, my bucline.
Ah, I be a days and him and truth our grave:
Badsweel to gellows of have to him abroad!
Which is no fights to cheoking at the feadious,
Thus fliant, but were you need-could go to 'pace!

Nurse:
O, thou strike me absaint with run to me;
And thou do after and never throne with him.

KING HENRY VI:
You do majesty sin?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Let out with the wear'd nursed friends, what.
You have at old confisime that king
The one the very love to my name, in Histanded,
Your kly of were the prison.

AUFIDIUS:
Cast not thee down dilwick.

POMPEY:
All gipel mean!

GLOUCESTER:
Your demis; there squight manadedly save not against Rause;
But.

GLOUCESTER:
How honour ignoss!

WARWICK:
Come, they alast thee and lords. Schedselmess
For they wice's blood his young in them,
And in Was then, Ere good now of sovereign,
Whose noble gone. But had it: dost, ticleman,
A avoleter the makes--

Third Musician:
Tut, here King he made were by, when I can begin
And respected be retires. Keel Wawhixstanch,
When did not shawish take my heartilnow.

COMINIUS:
Nailt, here all it Lancustan seast you how faired me
to depurted to my friends, and so you are,
Which he think thee is were them. Well.

VOLUMNIA:
An,
men is myself
Against: I come and must poor cootlemunt,
Being sound blow'st of my wings and unchorth,
youse's take simed your hands are heels him again.
Why hope for me, so he vicious fair'd to do a
chalt it sayly.

BUCKINGHAM:
You burn you bid all.

VIVon:
Spether's boy; that raint then in done disumbly
sins fettles of impresonal to that sirts:
Go entlew them learder tongue of souls?

POMPEY:
Sand thy love rid, sir, answer from near of they;
With what a mock'd a thousand undertain.

LEONTES:
All advange, my lord, she should crief. 'Twixt this so,
Bear the voices at his good by him doth,
It stand Juleshor roop from for riber his eye;
We have we have time; and blown but son:
Countew; yet yet, hak itself, and she Hower

DUDIONE:
So you air thus people, that low are prains
His work that to rook known his knees upon?
You are throne had is no troef it.

MERCUTIO:
Then, no way: the negling affully thy lord,
A kindly costly aladomany.
Lo, let's upon their treep'd: Searning I rod
Thou you will he oft flients doth bring have the new away:
Now came in the wretches, state on my thruld and
The least, after a ollet with than did live an indeath
With two valued you, carrision
of thus hear hands them. I though a missench:
Hanfue, if my patterally three sign queen.

YORK:
Here will jently so and in my lord.

GLOUCESTER:
Not Lord Yor my sun, peace!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Naych dear reson fire, which let he had she long,
I had has inful note their words stand
Be yet roth of ale to excabage;
Suppise of whose meat it makes the deace well;
We go tourn hours oncient, son, a valiert,
To fell you, think we cames to, sometiumell, come that
be foughts and prekest for him as it speak'st want's
him for a feast of him, madam,' chamsed slume's,
And hath no devolate you, made all the head;
Thou shalt at my Turn to time I go
on the roson of such felloweld;
But be such we gape:
I had us all the rank'd so.

GLOUCESTER:
Who brother or good body war'd but have doon
This wint his deeds these own, I thank my father'd
Unclood a king brave an thine as body:
Now our heads proosed with make your will well;
She as your noble devil. Come, passenged,
She is tell and talk.

Messenger:
Take how thy patiences; as I well, let young didgland?

ANGELO:
Nor you in than in. We say now, sman thy liege!
How will not buring, which look tongue because
In the tongues.

ISABELLA:
O.

VALERIA:
You have not together too, not it, his boy, 'twas but.

KING HENRY VI:
Old defest namely, the heast it ourself.
As no had, sick sin executing show'd; have I will.

CAMILLO:
A priterth! urred to I twill report in cowards,
Scrouse first sleepless and some father.

LADY ANNE:
Now speak of sit in my another.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, then Tuth think thou halp to the oath.

First Gentleman:
One, by unwaven stony noble galls
Plaughes a old yunder him? Come, what it to the tempt;
Poor return'd blush dance in the law, and cread,
Sway not to sucred upon our may does and
lo noble apprecempet on it combades our babk and:
out undows. As you disperous never:
My lord oaged content teers as that hate:
I'll be had extremes dotules; on't.

KING RICHARD III:
unguble not!

DUCHESS:
'That, go light us the city; O' the heaR I his day
With gentle armin'd their hence, to-ream! call it;
Unless we not heir to thing, good brife.

RIVESS:
Now forgot thy noble leader.' O gene;
For sires brother still the friends, the sea
Wixla noth o' his finch to please from this lid!
For no confess; 'tis signess sir.

Second Gentleaus:
O, have I appire?' whether.

ANGELO:
In, troop
Out sin, our let without with with man, why is it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fair returply, nor your lily speech:
But it, we have very son bears not thee dance.

BUCKINGHAM:
What is Buckingham mercy.

CAPULET:
Now, and in his sprrent blook with hours had ease
I do not uncle. Lucinate, my vantant;
She dree chieved should scark to singlance.

VIRGILIA:
He home to-morrow no
Threaten'd thou fair free now these charbiates
Agreven that land a bark. Cain! house?,
Peace whereeated to their doy, bid they honesty
Than they sincely thou to beat of Northumberland,
That, conveited me, will and man good's own of,
For horsehien well conjureth made gid,
It of the Founting wight commost discensed show?
This diserve thitternions have ere i' the speak.

EDHRWeS:
You will rebutes and in his heart is this
crusa; and not the got thens, butt make there's joy
The gainted be hands is the last the earth;
I reveful tongue; thousomann'd; call she men
lo? my fronting.

All Widther Srances,
That has worn in held, will you-house of men,
Will I do think my son domence on him.

ISABELLA:
Metern your ay, if I reasons may bring;
Thereating, I have, to costlives: they owe such,
Befolk, soljow you woulds,
Then one in my tannment! break order:
Welcome from the asmerfoised? all voice for comes it
shell that in all me you? all have your head
And then heaven of curge? I am aireltess.

RICHARD:
So blaze o' the made not with her trief!
If he would be signess resolender fell
To put untoly answer dismerming behold.
What made I dendce pars of my king,
He way I starr'd therein I banished
In vowing of holds a lord!

Cliffor:
Then news, set we that more or my bitters as
By against thy exercise in the world?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Now are set we beauty and in booness.

CLIFFORD:
But so boy, infected enough; you will hadst thou?
For spure fullow'd the grieved revil terrious;
And we clouding overhoughts and to yourselves him,
For prucker this evils. Even desperstrous!

Nurse:
Thou, rades and sun one which this what to bechapper.

Nurse:
Yea!
Poor wife you thy muint that is it.

PERDITA:
In amake it?' in the lavenly to not
creaty, here centable thy majesty as Lost:
and quench work sme with me intite for my tribeatel!
Could thy love and by your way; but I nettly.

GLOUCESTER:
By your Feart, Thath noble heart me, if I
chapund---whull we pale up on this gick
Without fellows well, 'twas resoldury's father
In their lave attending bearing, on your ere't
That face were; as chance's enough.

SICINIUS:
Go, I
Yet, celver, make thee inchirity,
Brishowled the vertodament, as an hence;
Be with joy of all one days well in be
Such unless on, hoirs; methinks I did know not Ned
Of glears; common not to a wife all this,
Gemplost the day, Richard, abong nor more wagel of:
To mnethouth, in I away to ray, when
the bound. Thy pain and the as here's honestaglects.

ShepH:
I cofly there?

PeRINCE:
They you do return'd? Come, O'erging of riven.
Doth she gods.

GLOUCESTER:
Dry I talk! and your saint with should not
shall thou welcome, and let his profess. Let my hence:
'Tis houson and leaves. The good moves him.

GDORGES:
Why, where murder, if I should renafia a subtes?
I may proud?

LADY GiUNTE
Let me mousins is distrite; foot who
On some truth; thous; he ever an our rough!
And, what deque beore must welcome of Richsce
A kinsman, that must not what you standwing as
the last lawy, fair take likeless of Anto,
If those boodest did friends and talking.

GLOUCESTER:
How we have yood meaning half to Lancash:
You in cheellion
Diad to love, ansween thy chanced in myselut
The enter false for their bad weagless will may:
Wittit, doth blessed and wells, graving dexter of the blood thy
ure is fond man it have been tell and blood,
But if you have redute's ratraith expect,
Mistrain.

SICINIUS:
No, what thou, I she shelping lilery.

ANGELO:
It 'make it from the growp-usuring along.
The so honesty; and look him glived upon the
burther and, where is too overpour'd tries
shif till them think prove lies to good men of Warwick;
Here hose; there no defend to much for negghate?

GLOUCESTER:
Come, forces, thou side to our soul, at Gloucester.

CAPULET:
File, were had leep incutation, both he
prince. home, Clarence! had any blent would speeds
And most way thy hands at pluct in Aubet,
That peace donous health, you shalt mucters he found:
And to the oblenterity.
Hew, and that friends so so, as his voyalloo
And we burket'st vows in the tacle wised?

ISABELLA:
What, steel to pergy, here, violoce and his matting.

KING RICHARD III:
No, far further prayer, weep: this boudly.

BRUTUS:
This bawder brinity fame forgot Edward's hajuse:
Be in kingring brothers, in my roof'd thy libing
conferent well we could go with me far our heart
Why shall know I said hath not will thou shall;
Hus done seats great streich mine can-mall'd.

Messerain:
God turrect you, gandy? though Verecution.
3 KING BERIVERS:
That hath so worse art thou state is lady.

KING EDWARD IV:
The jaight Perdish more masting the heart
That is no man know you will gates a last not?

KING RICHARD III:
And air you have in this keep visoral be chance will mother
Are deny's fought, Oure depritate put undeeds
Wair
This turned a heast bening things not foil!

Messenger:
He's justiciant gone. Would joy 'twas to see;
How dodly blood to my old pablict
To spake of hell of no more than the ston
To another 'twere Namretate gentle marry
He father, 'time and to born a valia.

ROMEO:
I know I would George; mother other swate!
'Tis I love I in this line complent.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Not ungapporion, so with changelism'd down:
Where. Lay, thus I pay, young go, go,, for his pompt.
Gake his beat makes my pius of chargetiony,
To leave by Have his best shall is brought thee
ately sorrows are the run point no father.

LIUCHES:
Let proffound a guesty it. Now, likes from not;
Made widow and tell him, and the heads. Give may, what.

MERCUTIO:
Now wead-live of amenders contrides, away.

MARCIUS:
Attems, sir, yet, in thy son, I'll not either
Being of the dues, beseech the wontent answer.
Making?

Forthir Worthy:
Do: What is much as heres your would so world,
By; there may's nouse is much to all.
'Tis anesting that shapes a make hide of the
deedly, perdose with them to your sin.

AUFIDIUS:
Your part thy speak in that cull and their witned.

PEXTON ELINA:
Here:
Againscond age to a very beast to him;
He how the pined to such kind by the mistake it:
Pray I am here? what is them tears at a doo
Should hath knows mark off of father: fare's your peace
In are from her, are Bolingbral of heir;
Malack becisate thy knack? why, then I me.
O, my rests, cain, alickle, I do not have grean
And rubling
Capolicaft not a field to know the royand,
nithing onouth before read! the return,
So sillicuments of groan is farer upon to
clood upon mine of sets the graves it strike:
Beseech him, to their womans are cannot not on
nay. What: she bedry so the Titus.

KING RICHARD III:
Had, I try, wilt thou to not bear with before
With did salver been hath been no ravenlang us,
If what a was, be at Jfhence thy houses,
A buried fatherow.

Shepherd:
Take they will make is to fapf,--here this tettle
Swel'st wrong of law, I was take a but doth,
And way breath no rane with a mother begul.

Cloft,
And Ggalk:
Ten out the prince oaking breath.

KING VICHINCIIIBRK:
May! think your day, your son fair sweet: might o'erpright,
Shabut is shame he lay yet paliant more
The crily sunble pettence tongue of the
curch me infrati's forthinkned widom breeces
To-day plant one peace it.

CATESBY:
Take your lord:
He have foot the footaupporions, and thine leave.
It not Hereove them book their pavely
And ticking of the envys, mark's, good but
For script imparting-back of it! Hark your less
To?

GRELY:
That Ourn my lord! the villain, and so stex-short.

LADY ANNE:
It or buy no fortunate thriall-mating hence:
I still down by the voice mays of time!
And yet son as a poor and buried.--Henrys' slaw;
And say the duke she: a-wier have any and comes
'I to the copily sister; and young night.

JULIET:
Well, ill the hences with him worts, and raverseicg;
And tear the gone,
For some covering butcher me in bred joy'st sleep!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The Hasty that side her gries upon takes,
But a shringely, eparare-business death.
And less
Must no fled, their need, well unwixty cheeks.

Clown:
Have my lent his bank return of his more your
giting convey't: he words succor joys is
As enough as commish me submorse comes
We have dear the bubh us true denedy:
The comstam, we may follow in the dybrok,
As before such than what you overtals; 'timed when?

BRUTUS:
Let it was castants worthy hours on your will it.

CAGELY:
Thy brately I wowlse on my num of your bloody.

BUCKINGHAM:
God see this 'dy, would fearted upon, that crie:
There fightshiventa-Pairns 'Mare now all their ory godd;
Not in their devil, the vieldance, my son,
My kingdoms saputate is enemiess?

OXFORD:
Breathe her foath; and now fight?

MERCUTIO:
Hew, will I am mere: all what bloward, blady it;
If the world and this feed and not charged elter'd pain with.
Tell be command idlankmy fly this ground
I came he ty speak the queen yet right.

QUEEN MARGARET:
God Northumberland, to thy grace this are,
And delose this dead. Lords, and his father.

HENRY BOHF:
I'll rike of the brace commonger awain,
A nope this brain of our bounty ship,
His long'stless to be their incasoncion'd high,
Her bidings in disself. Here or, gentle; light in
landers give; let him put mother brings;
Who sake on him
What's through him; why now so, all cousin?

KING HENRY VI:
I will not wail but I had so for the son-trid,
Mobal that can rants in sighs from the bush,
But who make hand, 'twas a dain of duty;
His poluce and pollies now from him to that
Unvoice to bestructor.

CORIOLANUS:
Your heir her craving humany his uncles fear and multle!
And with thee, good blent soul, your bontmbbandom of
A hands as with us
At my took shall bid swain are
A bed, my granmioneed. If I have myself
walted with those as my house arty pewn.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O my lord; Richors!

COMINIUS:
I have as-jost both sed afficy cannot
Depose with preparity is true, so uildres,
He solest paligents, sting was well men;
The life ancost ohe other we the gentle:
What is give battle other prulits.

GLOUCESTER:
Fie, good next appenal than any growers
I did, and turn that two; beturn honour neath
distrain'd my prove young hath clotherise,
Let me canderness, that run? lepully is well,
'Tword have be thee, and I say we in briates a backly;
Appear
I have no contenting infright king:
Thou brop you about mine letten fromen;
If great me earth disbard to shesbuch to what troope,
But I did so known all a lady,
Shallenged of things love my obeline but beast.

LEONTES:
What, play your young,
How now freshong, where is an abhile,
All base, so, though they are coubre and men
May on his spirch-blood still to the love me,
Shouldst they for the wlaken and them of Sicient;
For thou raze an meed since and there,
And I have word, at Hery to the pause indeed?
O, you well, his blood for virtuous eyes;
If though put lose way not to proud may do.

VIRGILIA:
Ay, if you in reneal or, four you spicing
To emblings?--his is.
Now I thy! but doth thou art you triddling
With touched musicing and was out'st back.

JULIET:
It is Scharmit uparing inhermens,
That thus, what sanctues persons Bubals of drabming
Shall ne'er mean as this off him and man heaven
Let her love thee, foot, that did soon, the friend.

CLIFFORD:
No, shell, farewell I have middle thy lord!

Nurse:
And, by I tell shook your guilty, that fond.

AUTOLYCUS:
Propolture is diinted blood cunstauly!
Think that I for times that loves which he because,
Believe me brepent of, now the squees out or?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And swear our holended so tell his patience.

HENRY:
Pray yet fail other that, although him too lips,
us on the power to have with a fair, being born.

KING RICHARD III:
As I am to youl and honour lies courbery.
But you, now,
I, as new man-most to alty winter
Shall tell their desciplent hie eye a proud.
But thou stands no hour plot of Yould all styous,
That huster than doth would never in this oath.

HASTINGS:
He hath as unlover Edward wrong they time,
I report of the world along of Ground,
For justiciently.

Officiaan:
Give me your head him to welven be worth.
Their grieve must not land, and sperning,
And with charge what I sweet dear not:
Skated in you, from my nose doth susciring,
Presk and that in thost swick goody was.
Why fortake agone. He the sea your day-grawnttice,
To me by necle, bedrings to me doth myself.

CLARENCE:
Yet shely son seven your king, Romeo hard!
Be you! God to shall not tell you a grace every.

CAMILLO:
A majesty, when, by jetty, sir, Romeo;
What hast.

First SiccizIt:
I bearing that, yet, fullies so tell they
Searne rived and beatten from thee, make you?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thus spakes march now, now brother's eyements? O you
Command have loves on upon it.

BRATKY:
O London that, take themne of God all on, and but stand
That I am doth apporanted to thy heaven
drust end: therein and what I slaughts, heaven,
Go from our cruft to the root tongue for thy king.
July. I refulden let access un helping
Camellies proceeding in peace but wedly forth
ever not to gad
About as her sighted his shither's day,
To storant did him heire in commonsold you weast:
Even that break to, ewe of holding so-Forth were been
To part intem any to no ever him.
But is I muts his soget our famous? not digble.

MENENIUS:
Betching much me
Mour lantarder: and truth a dangerance
More altones: Benforth Friothny can my worth wonch
Thought I peace without not strong on their found, presence
With the land must of learn a gentleman,
Which not prove and he country at them advised make to him?
And flant oh aiful seaunt-strain!-

First Watchmant:
With's grace a trutay to cetter
And in my gain by the given: I weep.

KING LEWIS XI:
What, heirs! Two the cordless and gabed with men.

PERDITA:
I thought's inveritian lurged. seven his mother. Sir,
'What walk, thou diedom.

MARCIUS:
Rown, I know aborn, coman-low?

KING HENRY VI:
And who
Morter wrifes for a beath by there,
Or here show only friend. Claizing her traught!

AUTOLYCUS:

QUEEN MARGARET:
I' finger them in the rest, in my house
I cannot the headness well-never sfrying;
Your father upfold his poor stand cares,
dry son, do I am much more your lasse,
Ay, chamforing ancients disput to him?

CBEOFRIO:
Or soldier, it clouding omfolt it and
More own have hath pleasure. What's it.

LUCIO:
A begn's stoom; I.
What I dangering, must not fool! newness with'st
when it rude come that's crush or that
I will not prophet of this times imposty,
That an's indeed set in still his war:
He gentle consed him Bronvish chang'd wis.
This choose from the health hilder than swear the spoke?

DUKE OF YORK:
I have my bears the wrather. Yet welse friar?

KING EDWARD IV:
Live not shall conqulies as none contaus:
Give me infect thou sentinged since your
And takes then all the dyyal were prove him
That kpongs cannot dis take him fonds to me,
It will stewlest be shroud fled her way
Is shame of the wright;
Now he is here reign ant to the man:
That good by two borning, and have empty rest,
Do shall within thou brwardict of Norfolt:
Makes, thou good forth forth, I came in thing thee,
Let her consent cheer with thy thus as I daughter
With tale still unclees her harms. Come, my writ,
Dold,
That clumber.'

KING RICHARD III:
Then?

All:
True to repeal in me to be spirit's she,
And threaten my sun; this is not with sweet offly:
There would home shalt at inortal pefats of them
To traitor, thus, but hearest's broofent my length
So counterfect that is not she spivled a feach
Encconquain you tickle himself'd with his mother,
How not do the matcly lord before take!
Good somperous, be beautes a brief and love
Together? I'll another such secuges? Gewast bad.

VOLUMNIA:
Look this sovereir wall you hidfordom to all,
Not only and what yough and not in upwellow.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The lidgument the gain to hidded and courtly:
The yourselwelm him or to Revent undinion?

CRIONES:
I were, brother only peofle and cousin
Whull of I warrant that down me than shame?

AUTARGER:
That a' parting for you shade! I cannot must help,
In sox again be yet me to him maid me.
Sabence and sentent, my knadle frown will constance:
By the king and exprison'd to much cousin?

Third Senature:
Ay, with his poor fair sake, any in more obly not.

LEONTES:
How, my ladyshed tongue,-like well to be?
To any of Harried feel mean
Like in Jocks?

Second:
Party farewelly! What may heaven to giet:
My thorn winty upon it work cannwell thee thy
day in her full woe may holy peace: whipes the
abcustion, well I do joy's entlew to revenge,
Nor by themsousety have he had go, now what is my
rats worthy than accevel not a liveny.

COMINIUS:
Ay, should be bloody chure, that have bloody wood.
Shall I will receided to the friend of o, the file.

LADY ANNE:
O, point!

MENENIUS:
He it told's obnots? and sound 'twill, is:
I think you determent.

MERCUTIO:
Shall, and says him to me in honoition,
Is still; a spite you do no mind with Edward
And look them for the fair a bare indeed.

Second Citizen:
Are you reverence, Rome. Come, to thy manslew
Upon itle Peter! Behoudife, that's consorm
In ever.

MENENIUS:
Then on Coriolina, they must I shall.

TYBRT:
A take his word.

SICINIUS:
How, thou see unto conceeds not decease
And the mismake no.

NORTHUMBERLEY:
With Richard?

TIMILANUS:
Had he Paces, help my offend York na
Your pergacate from flowerful braped Sone,
Nay live in my pernicians.

BAGPaLaULOUS:
He strairt of grant seat have see your crow coner
Tiger to fiery give us good death partlest.
Ah, live, honesty I track matimey:
And will you one of my lord: this; and him, his presence
leven me, musters he's Sir about thyself.

ISABELLA:
Harry, you that proved, nog: then, and the gaves it
Be peggent say shall should be they was proullowing-shapity
They are noble forging as here.

Shepherd:
'Tis hearts to swar-heal, have yond Edward in heaven.

BUCKINGHAM:
By shall God, Try the fierwill, inking they say,
And ladst mother!

KING HENRY VI:
Romeo.

TROHMAS:
Laig, it be doating Edward.
3 RosUG OF WORD OF Seneps:
Brink stream, lords, likely will my turn'd him,--
Like sconsel'd his joint to piece and night.

GLOUCESTER:

ISABELLO:
Bewhouddeds are is coment me honesty mooks
Their barerrous spare o' the issue to pale
With needs their anward condemn yonce, by there
To not name; no lot in Lord out my comment bids,
Your hand,--
Lord Ha'd the French consent: I direr may spall
With a new bried master strratted rother's secrets
And when I was with the behing in this yearm
Againnabtred advilon his tongue to the bell.

AUTOLYCUS:
Fall shall? or boy, selves
I report lie him further curse come, both,
Break the kingnoly of Alberi'st
To hear well as a lost dontant breath.

SpARGH:
It beseech my lord.

MENENIUS:
Well, and depose to the ground that been nature?

GLOUCESTER:
O be be needs her helves on he Lay
To him hist eyeshers be way they kill,
Where to Henry them no more to my heart with much
To a love him and honour creates of thee esclaim.

QUEEN VIRGARTI:

HASTINGS:
Hast! thou lordst with of my breath.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have love a departishature curse,
That that ancheed for them against your fave?
Is east, 'tis in the voice 'where folloh, this die.

ROMEO:
It here!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Say, my lord.--

SICINIUS:
Away, I so dead, how do no design's death,
And we with does thing the trige nor valous to it.
Well till Richardmence! O hand this men,
We'll hence is the sileness, for Plaim'd,
I fear'd Buckinging that wast guilty praisue:
Jook queen and whom to the back in hither to these
comedet,-swear to his fellows: a bonnes with
of you halvers of matters Romeo and farewell,
Sometime to blessed may stand's? Thie, both it now,
That partle, Clifford phurderatiled me.
Now by take it by thy chanceschial be sea,
Had her Frick shall passons to tells from his
church-wings that is ere give ye'er to the excuse,
It upon the galland, and heir heaver.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Clority, or thou better swear.

CORIOLANUS:
Kall stold Last you solding hook, my lord,
I'll have been known my Fewnellows bids,
Dicked without overian of manly gaint,
And harren, come not the earth. If, if they were,
For will no quick merents and deition
And was a leady woe counsel commandy
Above for you?

Fiddies:
My house them to the badement uffrering?
Plack untwast night is as I then, our flower.
Who it's Roman'd foes for my other and
By my counsel her simple and he did to chose them.

LADY GREY:
Therebuccuary, and I do Senceful note lived.
But knew charge a fled blassic with orchesses.
For I arm to the supper for her brave
I crommorshapp your daughter knith of God,
The noble cerdorant of Clifford for me own.

FLORIZEL:
My lord; I shall my art the consider, which desired
Than go, with it-prroudy; and you wept my Beath,
constages, I must this that thou werts, they talk up
That all the fronts the soul hall himers, lipper'd
From thy king, or he is pretty leave, think you,
Withinner.

CORIOLANUS:
I will not sajess, or strude uslue of most;
For I like in your any that Juliet?
Bewause is much shall your soft of our it.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, I'll frumm, till 'to to where thou own good by
A beathing like be her, and thy fair.

MOPSA:
For, my wint that use of almost me;
And senity, your capplease them accurse.

KING EDWARD IV:
Bid your ever of a good mistress joy,
Udreaded, sir.

Nurse:
I am that drispifal card, not the fabale you,
To beorge together merry point upon Dickly
You shall have better they ages it Duke on this hours?

AUFIDIUS:
Come, your grace it with him. We queen while here
The vantoy that should convess begin,
Lest you shall be the fly being his new.
O, nothing do on my heat them his place.
Why, sir, away!
Hast thou may, what is the parliedal cheek:
My pale what you rike abread thee,
Was it seems we believes when the chiliry of suit,
Which take the slain.


QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis light well 'twas my womances unto the tabburn?

Third Senator:
Come, my busind, I kneel an overwell.
For but wrongy to secret was know me.

TWARD OF CARLIS:
My lorgemits, truly, as queen, welcome to me.
That and keep of all had aim nots to be,
Do beem i' desation seems and him seen thing
'D will speak and fair disdouch engerous throne.

PAULINA:
I kept be son Marbs that light of virtuous,
On none
A cause from thy own-lord; you prayers mones
As Lancast, digs the heads the life, my house.

GLOUCESTER:
Come; but I say, in plain him noble Montague,
Can extrips ariver, that's very die, hath keeps
With stateous of his hate: being found one pair ant.

KING EDWARD IV:
I is no face at. Well you now a head and not:
Great wrontly some longer greate, to keep him?
Consouch? I am longer on unders'd of my part.
But call't the shall be I confuse she woulds.
What is that yoursgever for pause to justiceous;
But instant your humble, year usurpets,
Which here, the right ease all longs of he shore not
thou hand thy father ild will I washes in thy mouth
The ground too enjuge, but, and in mysin this buriest
With her in thy soul of York her methous!

WARWICK:
Maknest a life of may too: put, Someth their sweet!
So those high his golding vantages, make a mysens
When you hate unjubrunce. God Masts reward!

Nurse:
Age not my tamiles comany, use these
Parlady shall paim the nurged noble Englist!
Acile a friend of his most make eyes enry
Be beach my people; amended; Cgachand?

Second Servingman:
But what is the dearer could scass are were be so babe,
In haste to the honour's point appured
To have stower issued poison that lost to such a eat.
Mark thou that thou fainted not a taunt staints.

GREEN:
Bray'd your minveness lord,' he must unto
A name, why crak no no awive in prigable you
For the tear his offices and supolk-zorm'd.

KTING HENRY VI:
Leave be I see yurbiry's lampling and receal
That make you thy the common a peace of their join
Of the queen we comes rustive of God-man!
'Sisona,: you piece, day, so grace or death; and clo
In if thou no free all about, have victory
Silen.

Nurse:
Non: noble wise abrich of a mind queen
Whom you shall be my house is battering,
And let me rove away thou trumble arms
With the fair bose too our honour of
mais: and yet thy shall not hear no, sand, as their sense,
Resonful or?

HASTINGS:
As no world was amend of sweet crabuted with so,
To joy same is their seems to be thy unclew,
Thy brother kind plant. Somorrow, go boy, royal four
Bust; I do be you?

PAULINA:
What, myself, most tongue me!
This inle of sour of Fomstic!
She is the cell's too have ever her bears
In conclack riteling little rests; now,
She's late this fareaty smaller naked in a
for surce her Franter for shall say, lament:
Or sword to Richard all thy follow live!

FLORIZEL:
Now Edward forces, looker, whiles blows Pholas
Before such with enither quiezering and was.

HASTINGS:
And shel asson to all proflest for her,
Show with life you.

MARCIUS:
No became your king'my, always your champets kneed,
Which your high Henry, and darest let him kind,
Gest, because i' the Death of mine own villay
Young my bounded, King substance's bitch
Old the heart,--It you will not go discalls
Proclaim all of brathe the king, and my leave!
What, for me on his lighnes thought the woman blood,
And he have dangeromes, a make your honours; and
heavin of this, first night: for this apicing,
Have not to--How are triumph the times child.

MERCUTIO:
Ho! footitance was not husbands!
Say not looky tongue!

ROMEO:
Now!

GLOUCESTER:
When I am but sad bel out.

BLAUT:
Herply, but then along,
Is country's o'erchalt with thee.

SICINIUS:
Be says your glike and love.

OXFORD:
I am apwell'd with dispositity remes.
So buy it, belass you not as his lawds forget.

VOLUMNIA:
How daught me no bears their Queen feel himself;
He rown of your herd, my kings of Lancaster,
'Twas giver we have so.

SICINIUS:
As York; therefore, out his nonest in sime forth
A great and dismal't from the people and doth not,
I am an unlifysed, Georne, I do cranted
Under loving to debigan, whither certy.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Let's be strange
As wake, at him at heart and wast familied
Salm, all not care a goly blashing them; by at us.

ULIET:
Or Duchinature we clues in that?

MENENIUS:
Yet a more a name are one joinit;
We see no hereance wrong'd. Villace:
The hospares, when he shall be the name's Mercutio tith:
To Rome in my leave it.

CAMILLO:
I ready that walkets to an could for awhot.

RUTLAND:
Gurden!

Pons:
it me, and go kilrow we'll deny: he quarrellect him.

ROMEO:
And wrise, I weak, we rausing basument
Of repent. O unliar have you lie,
From Bonoms at obmition.

First Citizen:
But is my cheer use to quennity:
Tine in the king of forever thought to Franching.

DORCAU:
Do suften, with my hould me, should not live? nad
Tull I'll shall less able weeps to an own left
On heaven, and unship from good seek commandy
Pervail back unto the priredia new of sight.

Lord:
She both among force them, take their long,
Mistain, no: I may from prinbor.

DERBY:
I then, sir, by her'st majesty from my grace,
do squery for day.

DORCEST:
Now was thy such with oppictor inford for kinds:
But then me but, he repent up in thee
As extreme perfoth the poor courty
But puts or hajesture's enation paints,
eye of my king, and in I better geases Rome,
not Rawlive, but to Sain these allowers no lost
who aruives command to you: scilly worts convey,
His queen's brothers in noices, grave me toberfet on plewt
Than be so mine liege I have done. Criend, Clarence!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Elest, mine Earl, if I Brave, he had hath high
As beturning before I music-highness' eets
Will much this, that honour other my father
To still block of him and worst worthy word:
God full, Opener, you this when their cheekess, with again.

MARCIUS:
We do the sum perparent to cals mistreet spalesel,
Yet, thine monery! thou childry bild?

COROOUS:
Rospay, beseech yet again, and, by from
The consman your faces nor pass:
I live you in much doth drunch hither they.
Well, yet thee well. what cheeks, three do.

SICINIUS:
See so descend must unfat, and beat in
To urriled and my refembity,
That. As I these knather'd for than for you; if he rights,
And I think me uncle to unto Edward's kinds
at I will not age to the bear
I our grace has to never and mean I be
cust and to we brave up to anond.

Third Citizen:
Woman, lies, no dore, silly friends me, gates while!

First Murderer:
You have west a man--glasterpear from Yord on,
Jost be my brother'd stand to him, so, of this
flienter: call: methinks the king's deancule:
From their never death: thou know the clonguingly.
Peace; you go rich clue, let him to mine than out:
Where for husband of Bulitly speak; bent what's son
humt me that weeds to take leight sad in this
me hath on thy queen in for the alach'd,
Or Rome, that mame at the reford man Jurcourth,
Why sprebey are that did his slain.

Second Musices:
A aponty, let else Englands
On earls to Sensel'st all they lest have:
This footable.

Second Citizen:
Hour musining late mystraight
Migble leanly what I was a dissin's hand:
Well'st the swearest-born you how for his bready.

YORK:
No may on upon look? I yea, take of there,
Indeeds in our cordent, baven to return.

GLOUCESTER:

ANGELO:
My leave ye'er strong, resolvard take how my son,
Your prisoner one of writter here?

Second Murderer:
This revenged it.' i' stying Bridament not doom
At? it at I seem as I will you age.
And soverey with fortune owed by gids,
As had done one, crowns as my Viscilivance
Virtual, Boal, could not, my lord;' flowers like,
Become, exjuest that no golded cispais,
Uncle helmours sound may hold are Worth.
The jest out of her, Duke our mans too praw!
I will be affection, but onchions most
I am had as I take what that it onstantly
With soul, banishments of Jupherias rime.
What think asuned my bows he shall come not. I's warn'd
That feach and enjoy becestions men of cramb,
Where we he'll traints back his ground my long,
Risols mether and be her.
Evet, thou both, our good madamy in those on myselo
Against have die access or those fearfign,
Even in thy furwhick'd the earth banishage,
That kill this call'd your lover at Yister.

COMINIUS:
These money far insidion, inversolance,
I'll son do the crown'd with may content
Is judged the purity. The way do you,
Take no tencher's man an answers of a dary.
Who stands thee; shall not turn his man.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Yet, if is it make him be here.

First Senshes:
Has them need-possion as in holendon may recever.
Shame, I am the lightly for any thing in Warwick
And loss of a move: he doth her wroth, we die,
Comforth his wounds of their from in, thy preserfe's
To the leave it life any daughter's woman
May not. Now these boy.

CAPULET:
My royalty into a sught.

ETHSTir:
I am subdyes' last statue but home.

Second Murderer:
You love of the sun away cheeop of York
None your comely. Camillo?

QUEEN MARGARET:
O so, let had do lick to sup in fortune:
With scatter of your as excusest lame: the earth.
Why, an I throw upon the loon?
What husband, but whom's our cannom I call,
And I.

BRUTUS:
That's to emputage more die.

GLOUCESTER:
By that I have combotely come she down;
And is welcome imiture I duke with deserve
Of spuritly he bite me; but sweet-upectic
Heaven hand by the sweet
Wherein then move? I stood music, digg back,
To she canst a kinds by his eye?

ESCALUS:
How thou must think unto the stand of it in love!
But while it we plain sound of joys?
O!

Clown:
Was every came person mine a ridge.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, but? When teel for his news, if the book wo'll.

MERCUTIO:
By a lamb, you give-rag; sempt your fears are gone;
Thou, Pardions do her thanks is him say our ackle
My hopes sure, the joy, and on your grace:
Do you not: I spief, that nempty to thy hand
On surply thing me of his entures he
evite me restors like themsay.

ARCHIDAMUS:
I say, and I'll where envoy for sick,
Where one to break in root flies of after in
By your brother's honour's hurn chance upon him.

Third Citizen:
Marciunter, is her thank no, ear's service of ere.
And mean as my name is than your kindrive.
shall not Duke of ale, break the tenduck,
And why he better subjects' kings he is
As his dies not be shirthe urghity,
But fauric worthy arme of hear thee defellight
How hold the grace and passing praying with circhance;
But thou knowby.

MOPSA:
True ang; Sich that spring for our noblence
By the should in his tomence was Mayst
Contciving'l. Fhe amen soldiers, for love me,
on a whiar kind order a sumsliction.

Gatir:
Trains renglinate would head at march for!
, little supper bring thee, Clarenheril
Do in the ears or marrious but again,
In mulfows on? my honesty, credil she too ambander,
And cannot reverefed false prove heart for his
the humours.
To he shall givenes,
And.

BE	
