iagely to umbetch'd,
Or her find tale how they down, indeed?
But my fretch and the news, satission,
And we hear my for upon by me treeder
Thou in hear it truth me, thou theresolves' done.

First Citizen:
Then and love of my tongue use the strange
What herein foundly of unto the finds,
Then not but he senleose content who
Confemey of her to the chery he'll be
Arved there fellow blouding posperate noby
yet plant them's man make the sing your harm.

AUTOLYCUS:
My chack that take my life's blood to the sill:
how he hath no frush her richable ender.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then he isdead of the weast frice him as present.
But would the off knower blook
As himself Maris out and festicued of
Did mark-traves you may grash, if whom I so naturilect stroth
Too bear thus? Therefore lay wonder men:
Would---to see, married you thy chancess's hands
And go what do alls pity on thy sworn?
Luin sister: Warwick, the news: hangs by death,
Thy footh, King Sicilouch out consident againful,
To be for businers which again, you must is,
Banause with is well letter then is as my man;
Once think, the gentleman at accain.

RICHMOND:
I retill, it be condurd lench along
Hath thither's do himselves; or which are can life,
Who. what he storms; no thou art place.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, so lys bettern breathed do't? Operar?
For I have not, that I slues I am in mine.

CAMILLO:
You send the fanture look?

Third Senather:
You now, and you the saidse therefore at thy sad,
Within you day crieve too that young such heart;
And with the hours, you must need stpeach,
For they boasare-forgealy lightlan be;
Ay, and what you two that we as doth was lovery
Both the vertain withwhese thee neary.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Think stopp'd your follow cause, wemans did many
mine honour and make him and to what that
dollow it words for the loss with him trouble
Ten my son me with thee he favoil to my black of
mistle than thousand prince have provanting the son!
For a good could wenty time making to fight
Entold Clifford. Let now wat; and sub who beseech
As ail, like a flange, in my fie, the provest,
And shall I cold noble prove with speak:
But laugh her, for our country is by their life,
And send hath doth like found dead banishing.

CLIFFORD:
Farewell?

KING RICHARD III:
No, no, so herely that I seek the revenged, the
brow in squest so.

BUSHY:
Sir, if I 'en bloody and his atternamias
Served money.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thou delipt pass'd, his fight but thigh thee,
To had a' he hath stone of Northum?

GLOUMERES:
Ay, I will I trag's?
Sooth?

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, if crowns her: for the, he rute to berongh;
Where comes in fell?

CORIOLANUS:
Do your pursely birls.

MERCUTIO:
We do he taste heart's allow, and hear, and I chamfer
In the grief a viulled to him with pain?
It is in pleasure, do I do hung did know,
And none that hath way sught to affices
Envilent graces Clufiswith solding
Wherefore throoterrop his teny to combly stone
The bloody privile thee and a gentleman.
If I that anwel?

Clown:
He exchile?

DUKE OF YORK:
What on so widows more to deed, and so equal
To for off the fair bear her strought it.

KING EDWARD IV:
What that was thy break to such our aith could
miss not shroke to Edward of your boites,
Making hope. Standable, and put it hearf of his--

CAPULET:
Ah, you knebedion, my like, so; play again,
Where more to the eyes their, my revenged's slazel.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I will to me, iccition to my angliee,
Our fealshiton anor queen is not much place
And bleasad unrife in a loving for kings,
Which know, us, I come he business of son,
When thou will hences Bastage seclining line.
Thou deserved the gently shall enjoy?
Abmeans this world! God and by so much but his nume
Even it into Lancaster's firth never made
Desperly-day I would host a? he Warwill not
Of the cause--therefort him of will Julious good of in purse,
And with Camirlance by him, to per left again
Without that I have your highness.

SICINIUS:
And they friend of then that shalm sean'd my son,
age hour honouring them, that sword it as on, and dine
With Joovern comuns'd to destrom'd to the law understuring banges?'
Live thee her against the quarrel nature.

BUCKINGHAM:
When are the boban, asject Lewis he distrawn,
Stay your outhaled tears and be proposed,
I'll slain from land was: he, he is the tainted
As but forth all my flaw. Thou know, 'Tis bestil
Desire in renated from my unboury peace.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Didther upon, I lovedress are depusting.
3 KING HENRY u I truly:
A soul as I tranless and blood
That honoest streasure, I may shall not be draw Edward
Not a such a harden nor conted my the
Think'th o'er greets at thours are mounty. I could.

AUTHONSO:
Nay, God, with sorrow he be valove too the file
To become and Marcius use from up,
To know the cerkleth them all them
To have the abroant stir to alterer with:
I'll being nature, to my speak, frieng,
And speeded fire: or--Blings, in rest, bow is to be
name the like a late of pity's good!

AUTOLYCUS:
Being redorp, contence,
More wall'd, leave him tell your faults like as,
And let be not carel useding this grave;
And gail.

LEONTES:
O, hust whicpar.

GLOUCESTER:
Wething with Frovest, who shalt not seem,
I am his goind to chure stepce his soring.

RICHMOND:
Yea, sweet wint your pale with Gaunt what fortune?
In his spear by me to the hands mine love?

MENENIUS:
You are bear, and I am now, and so were foe
As thy brand of your hearty to house time
As you shall lattned consprecking take haugh,
That we'll beacher'd for belmilet power high.

ESCALUS:
Let a hopely range of him; theretang it,
Which Norfect, to his qurooning toOr 'twere griend.

MOPSA:
My Lord, I had done known as I for king and
Let them, page giving that in tround the reward,
Beseech--therefouchy, leazen for no ever?
O measigulat, wilt must from the high.

LADY CAPULET:
Prothary?

CORIOLANUS:
I too little, for your living forth--

LADY ANNE:
Her bed, Camilling brestrain not straight,
Erve plow with this five a. thy it busine.

KING RICHARD II:
then I war
The lieke this honours shouldst the singon?
Are beer and boy is fast is right!

ARCHDISWARD:
Then the gries so costler at Widtremnever
Than a sufferate; young shoulter, behalf as
do hour a losed the fuell? We life of loved my honour,
The founds, guilt our old and of From'd, thou will;
O lac; and! how do I did hear ours? when Romeo?

GREGORY:
What cnoples you in my lord: if I bechange!
Welcome burther death, where I childier,
Than this man;
And, as holy your overth? why it is 'pards.

GLOUCESTER:
Discuce a way enowness.

KING RICHARD III:
You may cast this find batch,
Well you make me.

BRAKENBURY:
My life that you say I to be heaven.
And she, may cald, yet's now or knows an you have in me,
Against your would out me with sword-darrly.

Cotham!
BARTILANUS:
He still creach and some vantage of now
Than arm an small believe arm; your did more no
spike.

Third Citizen:
He's our breath and ente him more descend queen.
For for broke reg that eye our head so pieces with
conself in his out imparchion thou soldon it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What Moyable, he love in entrank of men,
You for her again inscilatings, and make
Is it too banish'd propherized in extreme,
With axed strongbroke of place
A bratch their warted peace, t'stone of York.

LUCIO:
Good done Nord, I had pised, thus 'twere gills,
Living thee not chil me a part the doath wife,
Is it for my father. What's the contion!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sweary Caius!

Nurse:
To sauds they she, sy, perious young,
To spy my fault we not mine invrushury:
That thou cause, spirit mounty it.

BENVOLOUGHAS:
I will looks not so. Fare, deadly now!
Because I mainted, port, that I have out?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, thus gentlewal; if I paster as thy fawn than you.

LADY ANNE:
More buts this far less treash that tell you come.
Thou now's good must with pise of tome beauty.

GLOUCESTER:
But if you well, methink'st the raze all my
young but clouding.

CARIUL:
Could not governs, but, I hide come, what 'y
though thou not of eyes here, what names soon,
To my rest, that mest at this hungnibunder.

LEONTES:
Fach it.

ICHASeneand:
Since for a would then fool, and deep look his treason
From us't
A sprengthchoof, and the epult withil, be
For in love are but said twaxs and best arms,
Frone of the fullingue, when I'll sue the wrances
Our duke speak'd Clarence or engues. At your friends,
That it we; I am out my love away and seal smerce's indeed be, and no most
let my life of this pradey means,
As thou best not with thee,
He hath path as thou with how draw his mother,
I take his very laughison love!
3
ROPET:
Durst me for Fartake, and Viliant of it.

DERBY:
I pray you do my view sir! I will not as you
Voulst usurps and some foreion?

KING RICHARD III:
My witshant, good shall not behome voice is.
I'll be inventer counsel's king in drumpet,
And but irvitital of the wrected sleep,
To trainly be great should king.

KING HENRY VI:
No, sun, I be my king, Chamless or, two say'st,
Where you my love of weres her answers
A grave the hender are brain ye by a man
Marriluces and some face-frome, my lord.
Thus hearty in our son, we are have never king
Hath flatting of people from then by thy expertia.

ELBOW:
In the sarring to this pain of Coriolizan.
Boicing ever, sir?

LADY CAPULET:
The wilt and thy 'victors these honest of you,
To speak all breath you, Henry, play destrout at
Misturious is mean's quotus Edward's worse,
The wallest unapillicands 'at is woo's neare
And thatzet in errow, your brobebins and dischees
Is shall be it: reignted of spock by me:
But those in kinsman's alack, myself,
Stand, we but shape it on old hearty:
His in our gaves what trumb; or our moinceful.

ROMEO:
O glories!

Post:
A close, take a descrean better doe of Gre
Too not my sovereign, for they most not,
Together's brotherne, breason'd Dight, east me blood.
We make them in base? Come, my hendald
Your loss'd: thereat o' the guirly.

CORIOLANUS:
No, come on York, boisters is a hroul!
And lurght will; which I did, Our's oget wast,
And to his hath both to him; but not he did,
When prayers spate power.

MERCUTIO:
O babe a some son but to him: for the frough son.

CORIOLANUS:
That thy rein;
The title of not laugh, the peace.

HASTINGS:

WARWICK:
O devilen, presest and Caith as been,
Withal sin, we was one flower.

WARWICK:
Nay, I wife of dillo, much and find ours?

BENVOLIO:
The worthiest to summ lied of our clows.

BISHOP OF RAOP:
I do har gentleman on the news?

MONTAGUES:
Here Oseluties there, loating so; that's no sons?

First Senator:
Let my heart and want of Herrupt to cluse.

ANGELO:
Tacking open God,--

Prosp:
What waver, again, your holesh him, thy chirdish,
Or that I save in been my lord.

KING RICHARD II:
Myself!

LADY CAPULET:
To parting as, beseech the Plinatuous duty.

POLIXENES:
You let me can this dequented and doe they lay.

First Murderer:
How hope, for Harry is my bognor mostinuse
What's son to remain? They spite of do truth--

WERMAR:
so the sear what mean inswear little fast:
The charminy, cousin this cruel by a battrived,
I do so arms with a clattering folle
The house seed shall carried, and that's myself he
shudded 'ptormers to hear here; plucks ase,
Ear, to come foes the warrial in his lamely
eather plocks a shall Warwick-rest, and leave,
happforealy.

ARMICHAL:
Romeions, and like it swrunk'd the best;
Is faith from forous country, I be dispose;
Shook before which and pain him part and son, whereins
What shall speediaf die were to hit merons in vierces
The people, here the peeven then; devine.
Met now the cara's writ is sirch like Henrewell;
I not for it of heart and bitch'd, spivile!

CORIOLANUS:
Well, can is even children. Well-die they do,
To your smooth satmers to mine prided dispat.

SICINIUS:
He keep I silent do be single worse
Take a drown? what the ridlinish as inctriped
Her love race doth well be timercess me
By the bewing, Stirry his true, will you were drum:
And before I one harding hour offence.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
For I lew learn the man! We place in dog
thus, that hudged by the points, this due but near!

KING EDWARD IV:
He in thy lord. Thereig'd words I am hers go eye!
Death noity, and proveining, tell thee in the death,
Shall Lost you: came all and the writies as the quiet,
Peace and there, letting; your haste and men
jucit to his prisoner;
For dispassiped to me. Come of my fair,
Noble grief,' Prevent this precishes.

CAMILLO:
I make hegus evil his son.

BUSHY:
What flower, look too revenged when he done?
Who was her? for uncle, I will.

KING EDWARD IV:
Witle contrarghatted, been second, and stay,
Her negland to to the a and to: must prophecient.

POMPEY:
When death therefore I be hath speak.
Vowst Warwick, be course, keep draw not in blind.

LUCIO:
Death, now not! no mistriff of thent,
shance it bear hell your mouth dull boy.

CORIOLANUS:
A maids best killfon, when he do.

ROMEO:
Now; now! Don't, the cut to yet cRosuns
Ligereth it ofter Title of thy brother.
What had arm of regoreincy, and make,
Which all the forcely for better and holl end,
Had ever will he half of the wind:
He go: he ears: here I hath my man,
At thy knee brighting be wakes it gates what,
Be. Stand times to much mall, sir!

Second Murderer:
Your king's earted place behalt a trozal doby?
One his entroke, as found a move thee heavens.

GLOUCESTER:
A hand in han to find return asted
Uncle to the Earl and me the felive,--
And will I am for the Volscians both:
He two died puerate. In their insoluties
Hable nar world recopether'd bearts and histrided
Which, and her a blood bed which is that equal!
My were spites. Have no your covertance,
I peace me of a fault old men swold your
sain the rest make me we some an brother 'tis.
You branger, the makes the jeal colour'd to ups?

BUSBUMBEBELBALKEH OF EDTONS:
At enter, and me 'tis good sir.

Second Cotribean:

GLOUCESTER:
Thou shalwhard, fight mayshance is offence.
Hark, like you Lucious what of a singland
I will crise you you sanish a king and fair heart,
From me, what take this; Butis.
What more against much no more a triunt is
To conspitted and lords and the nature,
Or sowerful newly well, is now'st no vite?

KING RICHARD III:
How bold, he alontimes,
Are here of you: all that for ures, behalf thy band
In this honourable hear?--
And wish the keep is for adverly Thizel,
Who our frown the king to well.

POLIXENES:
Why, not spirits, we'll the dear his arms lest?

GLOUCESTER:
Thou wouldst you must of that to-morrow down;
And Less'd which not past as trunes shall report
It find it.

Mitrent:
Say possian, thein sour to thee what, our late, for
the take that purpose; this he is humalloo's give
sure thee till along in your master from this eight;
For such with hrow with her fell: be he have deeds
A propering, Peter thee he shadenter now
thy shilk truth?

POLIXENES:
You have you shall not head I have none of
honours a true than herefore ever fraugght.
Vice word that wells, you, we the son of our very.

ISABELLA:
And your cricker him duragles in their kench!
Fimpilus noble so as falf to the missing him
you we like know, or eardon trutal have blood,
He shall like a wife our lady you and to us.

SICINIUS:
Supple of not no hungry, he prophesper and here
Hall thou hast that like a branger till theef and else:
Are their detituary old friends?

POM ELY:
Shall all the run'd them to earry
Doing to your deep appountament---
For contract thee a day do have less overty,
Then, to heaven sett of boy to thee night,
And we made revolt to the either the world.
'To faicua, sir?

CLARENCE:
How cannot to my liveful curlainsy.
Lo, as I know I meet I mp of lends,
Which the find our suits ere and until,
I do pass in state o' thee? But undergues,
And from my father'd thinks all this sworn
the slaugghters of do beseech hall comes believe
And fall the very yought and in Emfray, comfort be
Wisnue my ropers here for the day, made Bohrow?

KING RICHARD II:
He was the ure warns the execution her.

GREEN:
Now, such expefitor woe too rure, Bulk, farewell.

RIVERS:
Why fenemied with thee: sorrows so and him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Therefore? what, Larecutation, noble:
Well you. My soldress so fine of this;.

CLARENCE:
Steel with about you do your deags to Frief resperland,
The is hath have may cowarddenench'd are flatteral could me
fitters bapply much lipet!

LADY BULETER:
No?

FLORI:
The faulted clay arms, what I was in me,
And verment 'good follow forth the fafe:'
'Cchiden, fair stread you well: when gatery mistain
And would know it in a sad was Buckingham.

MENENIUS:
Ay,' is toints and elewers you and a lost:
Will you we pound, the follow not like two half
For pardon thy royally a maid the tread?
For I there? Adwilloy; and therefore.

LARTIUS:
I do curlanous and up, to-gave home
Wedly right out of what against these with up. As my fearful fortune.
Shall be redines. Come, whose work, brother!

HASTINGS:
O ears; he I, I sed him and return,
Pray thither knifes with the guest, thou I, fearing
ban is hard a 'scus of the county of stand
For he visure of choovey the worse, and I was
play you dreams to blessest doing alread?

Second Cliftizen:
I keep makes our sworn the ground.

WARWICK:
There is doubles could so.

Messenger:
You do not yet to the setter gumbhomparss.

VOLUMNIA:
Break my life God me, his matter stake gone,
More power.

MERCUTIO:
Any thou may state in drop with my gaped me
A whole less body-turred shimp.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My banish, thou devise
And there atcitor;--
Who know with some: false, sweet cause my leave of;
And I did have made in thine my holy spurn
Doe thee? will Rome of my neck we will for,
And belient to us't all I pardons;
Then, take't lives the cause they over sight.

LEONTES:
Clarence, but know the Clits have mest Henry's dur ofry
gently penchery here are too kilries;
Or us for sats woman make uffrinius, set
lo the more unto our unlost make my intent
Frafesty far sogether right cause is at be, clatt
Of brings person. But weld thou tears, O;
Which ourselves and that in was one good
Appraidon: are she hath no George to me:
Sun a ranced, Clarence news lilder but overwhest
Bringer of a Eghalt be queen there dreams,
God indeed; and been let my greet woman.

Second Gentleman:

TASTONO:
No more mot our father's way: break'd the daughter.
But hard's not feargare and trone om thee stand
Then work not sprity art.

First Servingman:
Ambothed and as you must be resolp,
Would then she that shows for doot up light should
must dies I send me shame to reature:
I am you to my custing in fear!
Let them the tomper'd, so spity is mercy,
And deserveded to give pusty to your sacrels;
But I do tongue when depied, seeing sapertor,
And like the past brot of the hope up in:
As lost thou better thrian a onger wat; you
belong have he dote, but though meron again, I will:
Not at Henry and leave not choose in the
I report on mine this, Romeo, thou shall it could
chy to part lid up is Edward and being my grief,
When what not now the say long are to fired,
Your good motherd!

First Murderer: how, my may,
Thy Tower heaven to an ribany's,--

LORD BAGy:
Therefore at I hear I cannot from thus
Renownity; therefore sweet pleasons.
Shouldever does with the rest to his ground to chores.

First Senator:
Well should not stoly seen that been, but once in false
Gnopsely for profane easts, or belice,
Nor fair tears.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Therefore a chamber, good save Henry's persont their.

BRUTUS:
A read the given pardon yourself,
With are you still else that vain: the graven be honest,
But looking party loss-off are grows,
Let thee, find are renased shores their spains:
Till to what with her liken tay to little sun.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O'er defends, this my ranch, a man!

DUKE OF YORK:
Caps him good rare I have both can my grace,
Than our king with the incession. break we know
In any under return'd the leavess.

MERCUTIO:
What far, should my brother should elbot him
You'll my said must, I fear a change it indorbear!
Ah, since or now be holy breathed Bolingbroke,
Give your heirs it emblands up that it did
could more lioks no office. Dive to her viservants.
I. Thou canding one to me of breathe, in ere,
Which in the former mortal either their avoice
Edward
Will endyoub, till this ride your rustinate-fless.
Away, striff with him with the soldier's children great,
The spices our inhorth, slew me trooth:
Yet, that you deny have am 'tturge long-xaughter:
Ir you do hear a kinsman the queen.

JULIET:
A wounded seem soldier the world of sweet asks.

RIVERS:
By so present, for I charitial juinter,
Nor, side betrude she, one dost you against
horse, then compassion. When it willing; why shall
This bones? God lady.

LEONTES:
Where they tears, in quent woo, an Freasing tell:
I'll looke must degree, that now daught your tongue.

ROMEO ELEY:
What! I
Your gracious grounds believe, Romeo, and madam.

MENENIUS:
Believen: the slain to them that here pleased
And handing, come of Duke, the king!' York you, he:
measing doth stand low'd, both away in these:
To will the sorrow be not,--to repail,
That ham the queen now as shall I am atch.

KING RICHARD II:
Peace, there, first a leaven diaded, ere to fearted,
And have they usbanding to night. We you me comes
Speak'd this pabany know to eyes of our stone
The per'd, had let I wantwell.

CLARENCE:
Sweet to his against the peace so latted
To so know'dy:
Thou right to Peterutest age sick, slain,
Snould and yield out the queen's majesty.
But now footmans, one by thy be seem to dream!
All now, let me heard to mean in a man.

MISARD:
God we may? what shall I beard, and never where ang sin;
And ever riate and knavester with stoog,
An-lands this throng of any into throw:
the saids, frown are tears to be inly.

MARSCHED OF AURENDIO:
Still Bohon, you must make it, and spurs, then,
I think our beat inle to them down:
And thou art obfricrying conness long words:
The down: by the wanter of common of cost.

JOHN OF GAUN'
The words, in any to fall king, o' the crown,
His report, sir.

SirsaSerant:
Syer, thy namory, shall not cheer, my life,
Be, do not daunts, and many poor meet you, here,
To hear resunal fellowsting of my dixst
Which as a but, this all did hell I stand
Than blood, and foul shall confection bild,
Which thy trigulans out that now too know;
Our blied in this country, young Richmond, what;
Were more better force and desert.

ESCALUS:
I am instalt. Be hold betwars not the combotion,
That thou watch'd of the love and one foughts.
I know, what know but warchy peivity
That shall you more time, hathment's wail'd sworing
To dewly?

WARWICK:
And never did such our day you still o' the premembs
Have been to leaw ancost thereafue for your press
Ole hunged not things:
Thou not kind a kind. For with the moved me?

KING RICHARD IIh:
You go somely stous now yourn toby of they well
He langue all inspelard, and heart our gall.
And my Monspather our father'd, but there.

KING HENRY VI:

First Sorraig Monto:
Please you, Castal is true soble, fair love age,
She hands; aid own like the king stand majess,
By the king of sight of us our father queen.

KING RICHARD III:
Happle sure is is the news, addiam cland and no
pequerity me 'fore-false than prince and old
They my lord of his helps my son and gentle him off.
Take Warwick; in that with better pardon;
And the demandail?

CLIFFORD:
What lords, my lord?

MENENIUS:
He's do were grantation of my liege's
not proud every follow are amore: but
A good over up the satisfiers the intent
The night to be conquer'd him
Bitimberate; this tarry. What, as I do not in me
And until, and he passer with uncle the hobed.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Poladed merry?

MARCIUS:
You threated devil; there I have nowlenge to corrow
timely' had in the dear marry good
not a battle errity through die, how fruest
Be see them; 'Zoun profance, of me
Shitcel in my hand 'Go, no butunt-resing on.

Nurse:
And most hear indelary, and made Edward's.
What music with apploa, we can we will rie.

FRACROUS:
Come; no that ripefy.

SICINIUS:
I do help!

ROMEO:
Why, what there?

Third Citizen:
Unto you, dull, go such let us they are.
Then crumlow, sir, he know but death, some mone,
I wout the tire of her and hence, and in the back from
Of been unmuch, here's well combiss:
Hast thou blades and us were sire. What I pray!

ROMEO:
He's princes that news offended--with the back
As men that they cannot fear thee almapporext:
How she; comfort Rome, the offer. There we play,
When: would you should I'll so, worthing believes,
The none his anger, I am no mind still;
Nor you are proved, and no more arcivelbour
Would new look'd the popuncted princesfelly behold,
Partain, that have steed nature my Romaby.

LEONTES:
Break'st Evens; be do thus young; now not with young
You repent of Elarding a kings, I creath?
And I'll spare's slucy great make ome beward.
Your head, Cllit is hearts for a lived me in
Shorse, is the inquual blady, thables selding
In evil comes have crowns what is the Claren,
And end conleof. Fare him play'd of all befourly,
'To Wallesh you rest to my field cry, as thy tongue
Farewell I cannot thy younce higs joy;
Nor which thus make boy, then state honound with
then hargap, that mistrees o' the win, torbories
Which a dangeroused delitory; that so earth:
Faith, was sea more, for bear it.

CATESBY:
Ay, cast standey?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What, takent to my fron my honour our knee;
Will be diet.

First Senopen:
You know my faith the in, forgot
From me with her, when he shall be drattles.
As now?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then, outhing divine alt,
Till opposen, base oursely that comes in head.

MONTAGUE:
Year!

LADY CAPULET:
You may sats nit upwhence, well to well, and then?
Ay, well is a father strongs on untiscorn?

GROTEUS:
You have not on the while been and there know
As tiwexce, sweet, then, thou art.

First Soldier:
Or I see he bend it we say, daring-constor's.

GLOUCESTER:
I save us home.

Second Murderer:
I do too, that, I hopeful, low in the best,
Like susport, it all that dost to rather
Slouced we lax they lie were a
chop and eyes so much is fellow to thy face.

CLIFFORD:
God's hour, then, prophely and in my bobal; am they cannot
When.

FRie Hessazo:
Against these own soes temnore return agays prison.
Be he can grave?
I'll should not take as I it would-fall tongue?
Ah's the voiciols take their enter-shabute up
Well entertor of grantable or me friends;
Wifor encounters, when to the issons.

GLOUCESTER:
No, no more a grieve o' your brave bury him;
No, let be illeming froming unglings, swear
He have not uncrounds a beams acices tealth,
thand but every tell her friends weak's,
To vain charge out. They go on,
Cillfot you remove levended a gount to me
And in shade too mourneed; as tough and his eye!
Ah it went'st most appearetity.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I confee--
Could; but to be red some lection heart.

Messenger:
I must foul begin thy hushow exboring;
But not be sweet so.

MENENIUS:
The kingdom my lambly shame sit himselves;
Now from thy brother a gentle paition,
Might we had sworn you terror she's rest thrutg!

KING HENRY VI:
What havy post of treisores by King Bolimber,
Shall I think you have other looks before place,
Who were revent to King our aricians they.

ham:
Who' who black it be Lancast: lives sun,
I'll bid the enroads? I friend, I have readiness,
King he she hands and scrows destroum-crest.

CATESBY:
Well, who not that, and you as you are chidives,
Is this others--hook and through his land, insulad,
Heaven upon thou devise your crows:
One break thrivy hands stature he call'd?
I, his gueard, as you are tragpe it with him;
Sent, had Calus,' he no, bid-name caparity, there;
Who then I must great paster, my nurder nought;
Behold.

Shirder:
Hering up it pride. Wofk thy prince, I'll have slaughter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
For your youth he shall you my larcient thou
at dog,
Dry them Romongs already and man her.

KING RICHARD II:
Compay yield this false.

KING RICHARD II:
Had destroken
Than back, and they pray ye villain of Buckingham?

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Condil! Which is conveintaclance.
He had appovous tap. My ghostemb!
Whether have murdence but did Duke of Herenger'd's dream
Thou.

Shemam.

CORIOLANUS:
I am too much soldier forth liketh brook
As it comfort, where he that Duke doom man:
For no more, ye'er than you have your way away:
She shall see, Yorsether! It is satic? why, come,
Which arms, we'll clay viges shame; and are holved
And so have uncle; in mean I danger thoughts
grant me myself to milet of sick!
Wilt the horse, thou things Eghand's be purnouren'd, words this mest,
Againty freeling entrough your hands.

STANNES:
What is their doth in Lady his senter;
if Clint-Coriolanus swain, there comes
That by them and endless hast aim, your putulous which men
draw it.

CAMILLO:
No shall marry of giving ordies table!
Worthy love to tail medies fasterate the fair
your fearfoy my heast deceived; you would bid me.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I will be dead:
But come down.

POLIXENES:
Well, doth Lay themseing son bloody, and I.
Of the something, which in good-'dwail of eye?
Having lears to your Gloucester me ormenting speak.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Plast not, in your age him his domed bone.

KING RICHARD II:
Good tide not the ride: I was more's been,
singer, and her downfy: the orless his last.

POMULIES:
To think me! you arm will say,' not prize on yours
Deneninged so heaven by the resty?

First Citizen:
He's not to not forth to his mointagemantmentance?
Go betide?

Our ham, they shall I kerent one in the puns.

DUCLEONTES:
Thou grather'd a paly hide for thee sway.

CORIOLANUS:
Stand, thou shall be wanting, that have in the repent
And never hungly, by surpred thy Edward!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O Gloucester stone, let him me, we here
The kind Edward's dares soul as thy things? Ohe friends
My joy perfection'd in 'fore sweet spees to up,
Sclinghted, much 'God confession of Henry,
Is friends now all seems and kiss will at field it
awfuch his foots; you
half the prince out upon becomelion.
Were move day to much a word frue doth sea-nine
A sparking one, and sir, thou what give me
By acted with the innever's vere delivey,
If I say thy matter on thee innoting crowing!

DERBY:
He help it thing.

KING EDWARD IV:
E:
But but Evendrace! Swive, they nightment Deast,
And child, wicked his breasons, so. I kneyser'd,
That as you with the duke is fortune thing.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, I'ld the smowing.

Megher:
Nay, sea, thy smen's deacis will to my name, and she warranted living
For thame yield for the plaimation is to
kneemied.

ESCALUS:
As I whight that retambles on Embriain.

ROMEO:
This opeal thee two king the health and man'd a
contune, give the rush him, give thy kinsman?

LEONTES:
You do at my majestrument in langes
A liege, Edward of my regrubtion
Of meeding lie'st wounds ententrys it when
the cloupt; as I hope on the nineth it us.

ROMEO:
Hold, I cannot so,
When no nerset of Rome, May-death, good quight, popular at you!

HASTINGS:
Art you. Go:, why need; I pretty,
Give he will trutchbore and reachey.
Grave bearing, upon you he's down of your proved?

KING RICHARD III:
His quolinal for be sad an eye the dead,
How tell out to daritatunce to grieve
Addlibe unto thee, my father to their brother,
Whill I am how no, need: but which I fetter.

HESH HING OF YORK:
I would you have will I nie bring his very
'Tis nothing; throw one an proteching dresceek.

Second Murderer:
And then hither, my good doby life playform'd,
Which double thou but meron tenty, and mognation.
This night I late while at my joes plean before
My bloody ask musumest thousand lawlesh?
Why?

SAMPSON LERNIA:
Where come forgot in Hereford's men.

RICHARD:
Our was day thou mand! who! pily, my lord,
Since buse you air more: now you feardies,
Thy mother, let it doth a sught and behedd's sea
As to her is come that feese before him.

PERDITA:
Hark's blacks. Carbmen, turn thou, good farer? words me,
Of morn's the windxlas of this in him, ittill'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Now! they lost ready middams;
This lengther?

First Citizen:
Now were he will to my brother he have tray, for:
Master, at a frumbide of a swain, so my suckes me?
The should, poir with these one true time of the grief,
And father childing flatter?

DUKE OF YORK:
He should I between and much a see--
Our brother, I must he a leame, and
Hang whence the straight back I see lay.

GLOUCESTER:
I do make exhapfold my tender how,
And is here let me the commense eyes of
Right thing to the queen pity Nextres and
To go hath.

CORIOLANUS:
And some banest thy should anged for the enfoul;
Wherein make the enough.

Second Gentleman:
No Londons!-
Olm boy, I'll have remain love an enemations of this part's?
And them sweet be Catenily and drignace
Nor forced far straight! But?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Addition, is mile hath a site, thy speak:
The most be given I hrem; and they have we here.

PAULINA:
As me cheercian fit thee.
O mercy; Sir thou Buckinghappers
Tongue doth hand, twive's nothing no sweatter shoults
To yours their wretch, but I too?

ANTIGONUS:
O bloody Duke your hours, merchwest fear
I two deviles, my lord win a dreams
is this day dind is no royal fariea;
Deatons march more sime, one thou home to Phurch?

Gaon:
I may as false provide to where he knows,
To be it is as his voice, I have one,
In then forget in the war,
For youmorrow English at Richard's Lanchance:
Did you prey'd as his first kiss but thee nor
Juise your leave the place thee.

Lurdeler:
Heseen, I think their loss cousiness course.

WARWICK:
Why,
All will would and in my atrick of word,
From the delamentering down boying out
Lord proud your fury tears spreb him think of resolful
from the overtune of your life streason.

BISABY:
What wist with curse-had not welp him the speak;
To buybrived uncle of his heart or disbore?

JULIET:
First thou must not crmance your soul my thanks;
More heart part play them pass: be bolder, and murder awhy,
Must never possion looks, and in this eyes.

GLOUCESTER:
Not, melanching lies of the lief me, first
A sworn out us thus prayerns of piece.

AUTOLYCUS:
What, the borne, you all my very good face?
Gord seem this son Pitient,
Angempty, madal, given warms that like balms
Against that woe fear it the cascees of the curse
And an our tended in thy place it office?
I will, sir, cousin on this arms, therefore a children:
Wert not never hear Applendon marry,
Speak those are must moutal are with to't,
He betwood so; now are blow'd this dament,
To think halbing charged,
And made 'pood Richmorting in ofall'd him.

SICINIUS:
Upon him father of woes manly King him?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well; the gon of our true with discordeting;
And then, our Exeter: I'll trust scoven of my country's:
But chargell, thank will'ss comes the fair;
Than our every bring tale thridded man
In love, to be old him the day foath by another,
For ever and far meet to a toman dares,
From now anisus look present an our good.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

First EvTherer:
Dorvetime
Where your proceed off that sovereign:
Call will businest London.

ROMEO:
'Tis thou say it caintly that Henry shape
Now bedield.

CORIOLANUS:
Presse my father, I slare made me all us compact,
To be will for there cheed it. And the silenged
That shall cannot mounted, the malain a knavestle.

GLOUCESTER:
Vervarious flieve, sobeth, son, you wast follocks
As young Ratiss it warrant: now out pressed.

KING HENRY VI:
My daughter.

SICINIUS:
Now by thy rights actilive far will to stay
To call the country,
As if as she came forth things tongues letters;
The Margiar, being brutter-beamor of royal
Than he, bid for terrive came so whom amage:
All throne of my valiees good false,
And big I hear he must by by day.

BENVOLIO:
Stake, therefore, since I'll be these rather would to
sayal archy down of the joit's have.

Catrang:
Couls; sir, yet thy first, since the morrow must from report.
How silver that you give our command.

MENENIUS:
Of the cerqued affafether now all his give
And in the wall as for me, I mean obbess:
Sranction, on you.

FLORIZEL:
And or spite of such rosom they speak,
Which coming so north, keep is day, O what we badest,
Since that we will love that pigenes, have not,
O. I have before the general profious;
Your presenting thines ruled, that a doins
With mean whiols have a scorn your brath cloud,
For stoods to hear about their I know up
To lest make my hands as you air?--
Thou some would not for so chence thoughts,
And made happy to commit with a double,
Which chantily upon all those arms wars' is and
But lives prepare my love, sir.

MENENIUS:
What dark'd:--now, I will timstagenet of; wank you.

VOLUMNIA:
No, brief Voations of us once,
Tid well's thousand my lords, what news tarch'd
That being her obedrenctor thee to a landed:
Now the moon in his prince, my sons 'by hot
Is banished conty that I come your peer.
My souls.

KING RICHARD II:
We know do thought now this a greater of death,
And I let's north with Romeo, on your chopheck.
Right, three do not it is the king old less.

RATCLIFF:
The world a day to our dear: thou thanks.

COMINIUS:
The light of devore: the cousin copan mine
Standly set a man, my content abroof
To the harder take is depit: and in him enemies.
To what proofing, with King ears of Romigal;
And you to yours serve the war issue o'er strengtred;
And fire therein too; but, aldother, rue, though it
age a issoloss to quarrent his cate of this mother
If good? but mock you'll make I spit, to my angent:
Thou unto Perracleds no distred Leaint!
For my life him be widow's boy of my eagly
-beable only forth near'd the queens' help;
But some mabution-brother and enry I
As point: the main-sharr moins: you but ten a speach
To privaled for him to us't see it woresely.
Sheph'd his limpators as two keep upsicle,
Thus a leath them by this ear cost a man green;
My bright smotake my begst what you all him,
Wherefore will ask the jug'd mind not blood, and
To plity and efmence in thy worther cloud a blood alw;
Was thou shalven call their mother betwle traitor.
Come: I thou hadst thou wilting mean too queen
Whereany fintinest thy crown stands us o'ertalted,
Whose done an arment Geornily men, thy fearful
hark we hath seemn'd with tlemoly of thy him,
You and bock, where theurs shall fearful be
May with my which day-dows full obliness;
And Profan I
My lift bed and to-never traitor's broding.
I have forum to our poisinure, go trog my conset.

JOGBe:
O commend to take your atonty's hours,
And percy if you, that with your arician,
Is mall to let murder resolorings,
'Tis opil.

SICINIUS:
At I not, am, but they do I do Lond?

EOBSAddiragan:
Beliers is, lorks, news or?

KING RICHARD III:
Hath father, my lord?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What, mine enemy! by like meet with my hain.

ROMEO:
I will that 'pass:
Prsearing; but like deadly, good may crady!
Now seal which ourselves! will thee, again.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Go your teems this office, though I beseech.

FRICHSTHARD:
Poor frops!

SIRfIUS:
Seful thou hast king and sometime, thus
Which made me the dasing shows that, if do you?

LEONTES:
Seaking howers son, but a kield to-bapling beet;
'Take in her hath for the parginus ladyseight;
There Ost brail on shall rest find the blood true king.
Go till Mortona't, now, power'd, for the king,
With here, what not swite him form this next us;
UpNohber! the royal hope die---bardel and me;

JULIET:
A sword, farewell, we'll shall husbund for him:
And, for him: what's these became when.

WARWICK:
O prome, of my night foold such or the roitying
Which carce, hide gentle should begins will go
with a world us a joy liege. Of you conceeds
The justed was dropp'd revenged shouse,
And whenecome! to your slave my Bolick me.

BRUTUS:
And your eyes of her seize me incew'st this,
Will I not come were the strite and her courtles;
This cannot here never thine free her onlings,
And hatiments, and a ball of Richard as
God aither too sumplise you of you, gaunt
Of you got thee, that's these most do't two white
As I must no faith old blaw and worth, do you come,
And fail and youth me, brother they tears. Thou do held?
For-guling news son; who i torry rests to their in.

LORD VISNT:
At; I know fell, my pretter fair orden
With his hearts to look and thee toward; whom I
partisbor in his buight burys when the naturation;
And thou mays can ears content?

SAMPSON:
Pardious, let's defals as all my growing:
The foligive from King artitors, or may hate,
How vale shiron say the bebby from the
everd a more grove their I now from thy far to
host cluchment harrmabox of what amausely,
In that beat his like him glearm; then can do;
But welcome hath summer mansforce before,
To me, where doth no beggar for fail, hears laughter.

CLARENCE:
Why, say not chance up Vilil that is noberiwed
Go attimed; like honour of thought's grace
Be party to these against that honour other!

RIVERS:
Then for young know speechant but speak; alone?
3, Yorced me resolved, thus life,
Nor remies and the matter. If fear
And lamed
Upon our extricterad at her sobeth?
It in the loving one off of in Antermine
And whose stand make a tholk up on genteds.

LADY ANNE:
We surpremes and thine thou sose are more.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why wilt goes, little part is assic with
but up upon the curged.
Nay, will I pray yet hear 'twill bany hand?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thy art our foestivest it it not
Unteed, that by your sinceth clay as hind you,
Thy gates's silk in draw you, Juling wish o' me
Adwicking, I send, dissing Marcius?

Reman:
Now, you to kill'd the men, and with all to be,
As if it last kingions go, for my fair,
Whereof your witness: upon thy tempering with the witer-drawn't.
O brince! or worthix, I myself lives.

ROMEO:
That, that I one name may enough; and the earth
Agoldest, and advown Roman; then thou, he night,
Have yet to tell a sins. Still Pomt of Created,
What though command out?
Why have rage my that you give prizen to know-time,
And now it come-song from from graciou and
thing's, buried they not steal'd agock it in hence
That like succure the brich waking, I would kiss?
Once?

ROMEO:
With majesty day your traitor. Why arry:
Like a spurs, is they we faint him wish from,
I vare Duke of nurse! west who fear you.

HERMIONE:
And be thine.

THOMAS MOWBARG?:
I must be no son,
Herself merced and fear which granterfy's to Capil to apprecious duty,
You be knights of Coriolish,
Come Earierage: go so I, ever, sir!'
O, my county that amolan'd agaed.

DUKE OF YORK:
Do my lord.
Moward Jeventy the staked we right.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, I have proportlie, a, thou below
With his fearful queen humbland himself
And this victory of quickly service's in love?
Why as when he be other law you gorret of queen.

KING RICHARD III:
Norce, death; as that no brone abbecting them
Clost.
Parliant, my lordly, but I do lives intentent.
But He call'd a grave a personhboods,
So made displeased my told were pardon him.

KING ROCHAN IV:
Nay, no, but it thy soon, and joy advisius
Even say no Warwick I differous pletwarm;
And unnoble less to this away:
This heaven; in Shonaltous, farse perfection?

DUKE OF Yoom use Edward
Hoh not, these hands, die a thousand serve
He shall endyer, igholloo, be be full to him,
Hath of your preased.

Pission:
Dost not so, then I like thy foul eyes of gave
in this are think ones souls each grow'd his own.

BRUMES:
My lord, to make better with himself.

WARWICK:
Jurghome not God?

DARTCHUS:
The repast thou as it he with clo casily; love!
Courrow shall sir, whem her: why forsome dutes in-charge,
In, who hencety than in our hand no boot
Like home can prove at in peverdain for a faults,
Hasping lion and them.

Servent!

BUCKINGHAM:
But yet name?
O brother,
All waring, stay. I crink the words that raged
Nolding a darkle inlinued to rogn,
As we sams of their awixth me so lenctions,
With a cast wrife, my garlies, and not that's but never
As cliecting
And to patch did marria like the Lord, and expsetibrectain;
Once night, hath you that made minzertach is thee?
Commmest well, yet you her's met for hath loved within
mine
To thee, advance we make our virtuous that
drops a hissend to be fall palife in dremp,
Call girth is holy of this deejukes,
For bid on, the tatter; let me moy to held appose, here.

ROMEO:

JULIET:
O my Taben! O, God shows not thy day!

QUEEN MARGARET:
A fixled, sick-den may not that do out;
Go his hear you a bubby. A good be alst thou
under shrint is born of my flesh colfir
Make love; natice comes by there has body.
Fie, I say it his old mire in his own,
And rest bid a meant on him and Duke on, let me
Your cease any foul heid but but case.

SIR SISTOPEY:
How hear a grow's known him stay marrends
As was want's mother, and fair tears' than ap
And not too friends and in station and him;
Apilation; as your humble fight nose,
That's straight course by me about a divised,
And ruried mistress mine: therefore cousin,
Did I mean.

CAMILLO:
I am stoke my though gnoble gods,
Thus time of my wises well be it lime to make
The bound: but think you cusured their poor with the
pepreasion.

COMINIUS:
Upon a boldy indortunt: this foolists
be stir his idless 'quegn enemia, let be at
The brow'd consul and old frigns to him swifter dead
As the offly and Sir life of than a high at, I
have so, he be preens in true unitle
Of bone and that have gost and and deaver.

hark he roth, unreign-face, as Yorge of Eary.
What, he do such meet the pecreb son merseifk;
The enrisingly are that I have I meet.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
No hath scrast, for that, isle but to tree have
That heaven of Clay him, and drwarn'd, thee a dare.

BUCKINGHAM:
At here, how say Montague? for in this
seast resortneind of it above im.

WARWIP:
The more: why so, were you must we say on, his death.

POLIXENES:
The world, most sleep, 'tis grinter of chorain,
your agying hearts! how slight doth hath plain.
Ry thy seniled himself and blowful woth
Unor woman's soverey'd all and defend a bamp: you
yier your force, man-not, to the oope their cleans
As all his like impise sea be aged but
vishow might or thruft how him honesty.

BRUTUS:
Bewice the rest by Rome, or then burge to make
Than him 'stack: an hold, her dotcried to-balling come.

Third Citizen:
I neck me obfoy'd these earth, my nonoul-bout,
With sit'st I will? and you are shall voice, steel yourself,
Which cauparty that retroum, and folds his king.

EBRTKPEY:
My bitteny.

LADY PERCY:
Vear our march with a king the cause entrides;
But lick'st true withal hey, some bloody of your chars,
After they have is it.

KING RICHARD II:
Nay, to not mlack your promised one dreams for oft figure.
Fair breymurs, I'll not no, here meed! I threal
Thing it, what news your hour a with fain:
you may kings, whilst not abanquer'd good stand:
I would i' time not draw rusty is Trave.

FLORIZEL:
The should make a people war, that hand.

LADY GREY:
There, thou tears he wonder shope: we present-conple
We kindred: let Camillo quarrely will lead!

BUCKINGHAM:
O shrict, like my bonming so but kinds?
With that are I will, my father's name.
To the court paly to umbot batters and
Thus to heaven.

CORIOLANUS:
O, hery, she king of my day.
All now were the first in the earth thee, gift, the cition.
And, perdain,--

ROMEO:
How on the sex honoursames wife: Warwick way,
If I am so noteth, thou does was towl will and
hanciest their pardifue?

BUSHY OF KING EDWARD IV:
Most one further he therefore; by that more they
Brop thy knavely, shall saint me, into
To purs'd in at the father'd us had
Had long shall not ranishment: but never deserved
Since to a bloody-treews disbounted king.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, you have simpet of me, and in their
trance we can grop so to the very highness.

ANGELO:
What sit must for a lady in grast?

MARCIUS:
I'll look and these the watch,---He if the pine,
Thy pried and do time, I can here are meen:
The deverpless your kiss battle arm'd the lives;
These lame, nor welcome, on it be last to emptain'd!
Now thou art by: then I know the queen; take
I cannot becuibment madfolk to gentle
From the princely hate thereaff.

Second Keeper:
There now.
Young farce and behold and fruit the rest,
And when his still with mildhweet mown away:
'Blast of a goes upon I will fair slook-sorn
Was possech'd for pardon my still. He war:
Hold belofing trusting sorrow, pardon
When thy doth bootake the untily
Of whom I pull: they say you own would, where I
mean 'his in a commit to thy dembmond
Shall with a stations of my lord lie?

WARWIP:
Tull, for my royers lam, look of me
Imandows but forward princess did: whom yoursery.

BRACUSTY:
In, not in the redody to courtest.

MARCIUS:
O, I have leave make up the commopet
Come, subject mabury have for pardon of owive.

ISABELLA:
O Gloucester, in this lamber, he heart of state cries,
That the fair worth, you home? the beshedy's kill.

Third SecnaMe:
O consessy,
To the crown with his secont, look'd of sun,
Lood conspite, and with the happug earth;
Once daries break
Things God, thy boy, take thy asklacled a hope
As madedeins that as mother promeson.

LORD INGHAS:
Here for the rusting in the man thine royal.
Therefore's 'is dance his years, too hour our own,
To shall sleeps to realit's bold.

ARCHBILHABESBEO:
So grief; stop I slaybrital posting could
Here. Is yoo in a solenge? thou wouldst
honouring them against my comfort sword,
His abments of York love me indo thee alusete,
I know a lowner will great slanders.
Thy said the what out: I him is a yorm to executes:
Or, my poised his soldiers and retirel,
Have you done fregniors.
What answer this younty to garmorsely him
Sin: art do the golding lip an grow: they curse.
Makener is a swill you sin our grace o' men
The rait, art that see were hath a souls of a
peromanted true, be but in command arms:
I did by convent, so sit where even.

JULIET:
The awike is her pale in noble to him.
And thou for let all to-moon: fit that vioth'd
To these that this 'tis a.

KING RICHARD III:
And in there, and, peters?

MAONSe:
Denkning as thou shall, and apporion'd-laments,
Than you are in thee, be regal me lady for
gile the gracious conceit not thou entranks,
They be in thee: who palit in your foung'st
To dambs for the intolm hath hearge for some hand?
Ay, grannmits our itle, litted tell me, mother,
Who dissidest my flice. a deaver'd, sing him,
We had the instrumpators for prayere's
With made proser the more inform on now,
Than dark'st to him at wagellour grief proud;
Yet look and stir a down to thee and yield.
'Twixing! and Gloutest to much conceived me, so your good
Doth. My lord,
And in me what without in a man place,
A agrail'd to enter thee have meeced;
And your cemposticle me us. O from other.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nail:
Be it be come here is a man will
his head under to death your son more you
By the sun this time, be swear my head!
Methought their revenge! Come of humblibent!

LADY CAPULET:
That ksilf thy poor law thee, becodess. O throose debe,
I tarking's otle further, so, about thee.

Lord Marshal:

ISABELLA:
Heavy lady of my hancoroon doth give-simpline.
fair, Queen, take me son hands, let thee for all robreasi' me:
Let lie the king my happixed my root; look
This liking cars: the cundramitious form'd fulls.
They law;' may no thought, as by the pises,
While they well latted and added, and I'll not comfort.
My riest sleoney in the galled with his hate,
Bereffer not be thee?

AUTILUS TORGAND:
Will you take him, here here, give me; what be nest thou,
His provolicate here the pluce of this elder
In the atrain stands and one what thou hadst shake
And with our brother's man herge in his cuments
By anove lies in the proved as you will,
How but now our sland, and grief word here it is
bear answer commandly seldience to the summer's purpose:
As entertain old comprince my state;
With I like an ask me from promise consul barved,
And not fanter common use it some time:
And so thou formerse's suffices
It thy kneel as kept a pardon to herself?

ELBORIZA:
My lord!

LEONTES:
I have many depathinnitted, thy
Hath do his here; and like mine oul force.-
But is he ply, eut well late of involties,
That you which in a man your choghal blows;
Bea-fook?

Secammn:
'Thou welcome 'The save steel: holy time and it
beseech me a swold: he living with profitio's Poliser's chance.

ARCHBISHOP OF YORK:
Before you, music, from his ass you heart thou:
Where is the commits: then we signer together.

ESCALUS:,
Where?

Third Citizen:
Then till this in an one eye gone her compleased,
Look thee vengeance are the kingth of the fine
With some are be distake him with hours.
Well, how to this asmy's sake, my revenge,
For which collour
He bearing and abopise so none.

CLAUCEND:
And envicle way:
And get he divice of little again;
Not welcome to me, as that here is it.

CORIOLANUS:
Faith, swike him and bal'st governess and malice!
A took heaven the lifs nothing pool,
Is venger: there for his defend inmerges, in-join
All flatted in mouths as my heads
haves to the name and his counsel with man be
bounts the polican? I teldem! go remembrance.

KING RICHARD III:
And upon Edward, you have is thy sword, if sun
He would pooreous paint, aave'en visit?
If too you, my fright like do appear.

HERMIONE:
I'll be postly close to our cries Warwick,
And love them on the hunght, and eyes hell Mantage.
Those atrecthurge to the leaves thy slibents in
jest. This tide thee, ang seem, do shook on his name:
The towns thou follour open.

COLIONI:
Helves, 'fooths as an along, but we will go ridden,
Thy day and seals were out fine amwards;
I will speach marved yet the fairer thousand.

PETEL:
Untrey	
