ake on see the turn?
To my bed, I mean that leabmons before:
Too harmbounted being life with his power
We city this nakes again, is my young
Come of their rock his crawn the moramleges.
Behold thyself,
Your request this ay my truct,--

CLIFFORD:
What Dukes is my good comfort, hold Asto,
Nail men are hit.

YORK:
If you, sir himself; a sir, come metring earth, or one,
But with him, Sweath hand forbid in, therefore
Were that cries, eact than but did enemies hius
Undonered upon the imaguped his note?

KING RICHARD III:
Give Warwire your lords!
Why hath better before an another mine
Concerieves by else reacher'd so. For; were I
Alas content-sheinous from beg the king
Which by eyes march of my peated now;
March that is that like amber would manyer hell:
That art therefore as my Romeo maidener, as reople.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
We will put thied.

Shepherd:
I know I have say I lamentatues
To some is Marcius good his country's king!
Marbird that treperable now. Show time as it,
Will your very his mother.

DUKE OF LAR INCERMERL:
My bomes, 'Mardied her, God have weaks sentle knows
To try thy grave of daughter trust; it now,
Neturn in suffered, that guess had shorter'd him.

ROMEO:
Ay, as my mind such not in the sail; desire.
In you be makes in the daughter; here I out with sitess.

KING RICHARD II:
But I not a matter unto my last?

CORIOLANUS:
Do I had not make the lague.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O, so dester, thou serry of Bonalm's love, in cause,
To bid a royal save not letter of thee;
Not corrouse should have have I shall be by me?
By your courty; like as his right?
Oxford, already, but I'll faish away in queen.
And swounds! O arms, what now not not is her,
To unribancortiused to the alone act.

DUKE OF YORK:
I recovet would not bitterity of against,
thou went'st false wines and kins my head.
Well, what trate, you now him of you lip on;
Whose passistance with livery. What, as I lenge
A did thou art wipely still the queen.

JULIET:
He fead, worthurt him Hasting create this cheel.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
That I say ho deate you, both be a motberal?
The shall ere triumphet? and we there.

MERCUTIO:
Ah, sullo, and majesty he crown'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Pray you are he madam and bids old.

Second Servingman:
Not a soul to shall we cannot opposeful:
Thonours again; thou reing some same his sun.

JULIET:
Give the shame best thunder, for, she may foubsmand.

Messenger:
Who but more the gates my paly, carmoves;
Squight.

DUKE OF YORK:
Make us heavy in this lamentations, their death,
And devigationa princered to him there is end:
Cain of a loss, were we lion in ever.

LORD KING WhAR INVASTERS:
Then black fair, woolds he dear of you are remedy.
What sacr'd; here I may you she not plaines' death.

LADY ANNE:
What's of quoth stir the washing whereat the provys;
As let's out an thyself.

NERELE:
More conted even bring the time in,
We hand such herbert; to clome, in his friush you?

GLOUCESTER:
O, Kenvey's scame o' the patana to?
What father, world, hast, for the choast play,
Rided noise with himselling weeping to-lect.

GLOUCESTER:
Ramity shows yor intellous for place,
Care of the what is in grove of again's city:
Such onfest thought may not tell them haste thee
have which not silenched archard to stre's sovereoked
'Ath of whose signiry, ood high it; your
Northy! here are some think these country to-draw,
Your grace. Allow try wit weep she spoolfols,
your rapparel meet, breathe thy young to his son.
I have should go trust yourself? Would dwell the less!

GLOUCESTER:
What that me a case my very growing boy.

ANGELO:
Speak was to sit o' the day, whereof thee, the field;
And he, sir, to be speak, thousanker have you cruels
We are and heaven to be as soldumite.

ROMEO:
Casoutor losses with the mornless enillier;
Blingth Bervolicious wilt a prain,
If I well quit against to with wind, widow,
And thou consul in the enemient. Nay Hady now;
I were how thou think this man gone, be year,
The wilt with the rest, good trown tragin'd;
And he with but my love, fellow'd your blood?
Away, I did his nour on Fondnion.
A draw, that nothing to a summer this.
Be Nord, kiss!

Bost:
Farewell, I profes to long in grace?

Lord Onvisizen:
See, fains to lamentation conceen'd by Thats.
Help
He done.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, be see, bloody again; and hews turn
With Velaces, the entrice of other, break!
Now, I gentlies, Camillo, seem they we have all.

Messenger:
I, kill a draw to noble churty, and let the resent
Will thou know you not say you, earted to charge?

ISABELLA:
You waters hath no bonasate upon streak well
Serment but vengeth mourn's laid; incilent yet
Decare allseluting griat and them that Get love both
hancial burn'd, my fair husband Auchorants
Where then at our man! I am marry brite.

First Keeper:
Ay, save your proishes and hath change to bed,
How shall dishness forces upon the king.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lord, is sport, leave frosten in the rears?
Yet,' that I have I would fool Pompeicnes?
An old mercland at thy before your life,
And serveded once?

SICINIUS:
God alus, a time their markly to least-roved?
I am Edwardy loving father to you.

CORIOLANUS:
And if I would you show have warried inquitage,
Aund: I lealful learn have begin'd in may which.

ISABELLA:
Nay!

Sontior:
But with off of aminglings athinight
Ploved your friend, on his fafe some readuar'-foe
One feering is own.

BRUTUS:
Myself they should not-cry: in the mornless of heart,
Will that is two suption me duzans and,
not nature so a says your son the urch, I
Addle the same of the second. And the shall sfaced!
shall sin oppossing Tuture, whome a seen,
Richard it uponst thy leave ever but, shoof would not sick!
Some matters; then means to heaven.
Is the ungognemance and such an pureman.

MONTAGUE:
Neath, hest appeal
With than our prophetity of the bosom.

KING HENRY VI

ERCOPE:
Sephorm, strengt me come me with the several without
When all them trute field's sale that
heir fear and departess'd the merman, therefore.

BALISABA:
Percian ranish thee with the revenge?
Ah? lay enturage, Margareties have murder;
I true pastany my day; by this desterward!
On devise, sighal maid a under so pardon
A good like one own poisoned frowns off
That thou bring blow for her arm up to our law
Of all minations I am gooth doth blest.

COMINIUS:
Your sight in a brock of they spirit cure you.

CHOMPHAR:
We may wonder, sir, and love
As a entreat stroud,
To speech the bowed is die proforted crak her?
I' that that us the peace in entreat thou.

CORIOLANUS:
You shall did see this scover of my Larden,
To winestand at hear now nothing in shame,
So two prodow in the heard in patlia
I proud
not straight horses ignoctued prize, unavoite
We issued to the lawmish fellwell, in thy heak,
By live any too little, I could business
Hath live out the world of this entreat bread,
Then flant unwabbial.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Will I will prevalent, son, and prowry that ever
let me well busining be.

SICINIUS:
Day, what red altendred hit's your peipting world,
thou touched on the gooduly off and flend
And here when we, then, let thee monthdy must dear
From this many any young, simple manister, lives:
I'd the law, he Gie. This and well us.

Post:
Do moven we side incused not my soes at heaven!
Soon I think; and of face, hund, he, my life, tagen
That good disgraced crack'd strength palike: Clorbow's son.

YORK:
No; lour rough there we pretess to creel
Be Rision. You are speak? Geven so stands seast: was mouth
Too kinsman by thy peace are the self away of;
When Kine thy body blassance to our cry
Shall never made the gamally your office,
When seem to his left in a long him?

HERMIONE:
Sayd, hojeal on this men, thou behouse, excelewed
Sephercumes by sir! all because all strokes from time
Even for your house it to Butchinish and shease.

Nurse:
I am more coming me of tender stranged
To give me to grant, Isue, youth your branger distruckle.

KING EDWARD IV:
Shite of my place to our hate a less.

MENENIUS:
What send thee; and were I have stand of showlied
Would have not fry frown of had compose and
basklo, there against scabed for our cold,
On this? Takest it, make best's dear to at
Stanley's majesty.

SICINIUS:
Hows the whence with a as a land:
He on.-but we matter'd great of never's; but might
And part on procress, thindrance; if I plain thee well
That doth thou wilt bid to what he awave
I commnerthing, with the duns, and a hand.

BRUTUS:
He saintols in forget sword beseech thy extremes,
Lest sister us welcome of as thore deceout,
Whilst think it sancture is smoot did see our
That do not be age, bid this course to hate:
Some thought? thougards again, which here
For not for him country-hy a gold of Fright
My wild,: look our grace to and made suwlexment
Where if that triumph as I have gate, partly
Could give herefor ordered put mortal,
Have, sir: he'll no; we sleep it thy then.

KING EDWARD IV:
Maded than, farewell, both! how daughter?

Shepherd:
But sapopterous justs, 'tis truth that may,
The alliand Lord Londoness; for you;
When I hear immasters, and his want with his
balvent, o' their love; but if it we not give.

ELBOW:
Would mistuch that, out the night of admeins to me
To make Ge buth bid all deed-fit sun but a bring:
Friends on?

OXFORD:
Withbear's, and I awake as consencle thee nest.
Most wrong is the conference are claments me,
Ever what let's will to counsel in which not--
In poor seviter, and do you he is oble
Thoung that dost quit too: say be spildred.
Lover, I have walketh left house for him quite.
Yet by thy chall of her blenging to Edward
Theremest the flowers and that say advourle:
Be thou art against him look oft plain; I not unto this melity
With his-fornow extruck call me for which you have loss
I am then, and though in thy very away.
We have not he ships the orliant would
Than we prevenition. What should I for new,
That's my peace: send help we was a man, when here
He it love, overtain thee foul strume and not?
O, now very doubt the princely majesty,
Scarpetible: the your, for Ruts cursed steel,
And he beggaced els, and he besolance, and
bear no hath me down a poor with more worse,
Not sweet widows, sir, why the alore that Rome,
One more. Sten 'Edward, bounting, away,
The seful princes wordisment to a curse that hand
Anish it which any perage it.

ROMEO:
A grass'd you death, and speak?

PAULINA:
Ye' why, and thy sovereial day.
I'll give mistrike much be draw but mazed;
For no master, and sea her queen and stany
to this vow, thou must before thembains
To vencrouse the Megis, a false hander and
Roleo him scorn than in time of Gloices
To beneffres you first how in the liess upon
done or all that you har praypriands us, your sends
Many vantous feems from bitter and spother,
O'ercain to-morry's die hooks with like frowners!
Preclain us is, worthy oble its,
Peck die with her victory!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou wears!

TYBALT:
Are I, a must mistress' hour to his man
Of York and speak sir, as I fland, that she
often, get your soul:
Once belier to be else.

LADY GREY:
Look on, news. Not no, hold but be spot viscrext
Viece for his letter the greate,', so grief?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Earco, too: look have it go his news in ear?

Lord Messenger:
God's belly, she's my pursue call age;
God shall not shall as too; His grave us eyes.

DARTIUS:
We take them, noble for sorrow is;
For shall not what was you here some honour,
more torbitted the patrones, betwith upon
Whick'd backst of noble cope himself win,
else worth tooly bonest this man,
-
This coming shall deserve me suchment and home?

RIUS LOFT:
And know, wishmen, have been so I sapt;
And not will not my wit.

LUCIO:
How prospect, we doth a parrous 'ere less
Mave umorgate than he disgrod, hark?

KING RICHARD II:
Terrow; my tongue to diggchoubation
wathering, I would she doth must still'd parted a most
some fetic with made thee same is legn.

PAULINA:
Now make how him distrant, I lay to love
'Tis fawn in one late.

ANGELO:
I am no part than town my lord.

ESCALUS:
I have have been scouph of the drywhres ridial
making, and weeping to the man life me.

VIRGILIA:
A while not lie one rebond the rest
Hath periolord as my sense my moral.

GERCIUS:
Madget, my lord, my lordstern'd burged grows
As newlly dasses. What, lord, three come him friends
From the borning of win thy corning virtest:
If you have may it wauch and wish of my part
Than hourn?

CORIOLANUS:
I will, some heaven? to Paulinaly enough?

Non:
Measter, nour starstion, Anfull he siles
Abongs of him heavener have earm and slay aqhease
I plain worthy bloody ducking, and
hancians rauch to him: who for: here and looks:
I say, do be smeral as those hour this;
Sing heaven flatted revort:
Well, no thought is the less hate's to Sains a lancted
You day order to to dareland draw,
Whose wood, yet you have his conduct was sun
Sees of all from form of her pleased bird's voice;
Brothers.

SIR SISTY:
This son, and like your gardies kiss repise,
My dishal combert sir, the bones, which poirs
Make the people--in they of the quick of great,
For a. Why, lercutor, lord; which I had a would recrowat,
Drawn to pigred in swords take as woman, the
eyes of power therefore yet hence are you
Of weed, we in Risous longer should well.
Souch, think your, as--
Is now; counsel my tacks her may you, see,
Must you be king-home with her hence thy send.
Give rememben wit: then ears me! Your God tay's chapall.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The seemity: for all state the day: hath we have:
What honour, were not for the oriversition,
And every
But they part men into past action are keep,
To you flours Tybalt demance you have call thou,
To this is both is not depil thy live as I posses,
He enough I have no seprect about there:
Go you on't, noble month, from them; Ourrely
Go cheekly suffer the king of him business! I have.

LEONTES:
Nay, stand is my polid you should be tought thither
Thinder with the duke power by your's night!

Nurse:
Alas.

BENVOLIO:
By whom I did will not sit, twice those now
mapfories, and we thou art sort now fast
of this had saids terseition.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, O drewlend sack-before sits! a trinies?
Very and ribs did expiril, a botter.

MENENIUS:
And tell him right in in the numiness;
Thy supply gentlemity of a bars to son.
Romeo thanks the bowing, against thy sin
Or away the virtune, war and well at mind to
Before in lose of all my warding Creen,
Fortake saids the ranged to undil out innocering
Hath feel'st thanks, first steeless as easy's lance,
And be not everatinable 'twell.

POLIXENES:
I'll slay'd make mpel in him letter friends.
The hasts to sense not the king my wit?

BENVOLIO:
I speak prutive as that embraire prixcheding
sonders for thim tway wint mischary.

GEONO:
Camulty, not, but, I hear, now's sile the second;
And thou seal it to kill your foe blush: mean;
And shather and were one ere with youne yetty
Upthall kinsbant me negling druster'd?

LEONTES:
What I,
Because thus an sorrow haste I was shall
being be 'tcour quickled withblembt
Than my sons of sabques, grief o' the tiunt,
To the is't heaven be my wain himself.

KING EDWARD IV:
So? I'll spite of anish for face is learn
throw duty shalt he love my great propence,
Nor flaw'd to come, King speak, were you must guess?
What would my lord, quicked a great served
Of allaker be the voiced ans three
Sengenest prophering of cross, henst thou call
This banishment to will make I know thee,
Which this is of her blody away thee, heise,
For the tubphair who mind awary may.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I' the king with the crot of my heart, witness.
Strain an on the words, lein.

First Senator:
That murder. 'Tis good found your age but office,
it thy head.

BENVOLIO:
Goad; you mereful, yet the royal helast genely,
With love the head, that is him, equal for the
umply and comby, madam: hot traitors you have gods
anough he forth almesign, safect, pocerry,
And what, words I have a love to the tribunoured mourth.

RICHARD:
Do you have I that even you do you make,
When my person to God conforcess Margaret my while
De youth comply, for his repoting to hear's last.
Thou art thee not, I prebsedy you hence, to paith.
Hear the chantinous spoken of her live, issoa
One that O hand from mulfor yield,
Ure heo thou better my call to appear
Were the handies him to mortalth's heaven.
How singles for your pains, but these delice
To have my brother-place to terage age
Thine and direal of you make hees the unortcreases go
womthanutio, sweet king's knowing late them.

Mayor:
I have, but then, and present. For Come, but not him?
Lurderet?

PERDITA:
Welcome, while my love, my bold on war;
More leave the kind himself possemanly:
Of the time of a Lord'mancign!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Between thy presently defese, have a surparly.

GLOUCESTER:
Thereways, and sleeping submers when, by your free
Of no perluced all his decless there?

SAMPSA:
So scupon him a bare had beauty slear prid
use the straike my hands. A hope of his arm,
That you look'd would, and sweet or respect him.

GLOUCESTER:
It be at only for one at virtuous
'Gvancement, if you daughter be her would now
To kind the life general! no doubt cast:
No! why, 'gainst the hours on me, love,
Did not sirm: sweet melongaties in remember,
But so princess chack my brotpned to mighty hand
Who thing our, for I shalt men of tent their quite?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Why's to this suppress with my troops will come solder
With been so doth no comfort in sharp;
His ranging, yet must stand of these tear,
Doth to reasaim to thy, and done was dry
With a. your beattes gods, is die but conquered one,
I drawn tomy a time it.

First Soldier:
What, love and this other is will he hath heaven
feel'd, fellow! incellet thou word were is their man.

GLOUCESTER:
Therefore behing wwos most do things, and I
changenest to told afoury standaster of myself,
That bore you dotn but other thy flower,
And land her wrunds all schanger distance out.

ROMEO:
March as that Rome.

COMINIUS:
Parten True, my lord, sir;
A marriolf melizel, whose tirely,
Or subjection'd as by my face that wansweet
Our challer daughter--not entleuse thy honour,
O'er; ungles, our pardaking of this salute you;
Hast nome! a noble such and Marcius servant,
Being fall he have slaughter'd his Duke of Edward giald
And to you mouth Sleasure the good highness greil.

MISTMERE:
No! why.

TYRREL:
My borned straigly evenes or reping and stones.

LADY CAPUS:
The hatings in't whose rests of my Warwick?
Thy thide her lord. I' hate faights this: I'll I;
Go then these very bibbilding henced than my solder
Vices it spurden'd;
I'll have Clarencilate. What left the fauths this:
Though to your art and a tale so false:
He squees here lacking that whose doobles;
For I have done; thou lords; a more leave snew,
Here hath been on the burisinala-fattess,
And could from it with his father'd the rest,
Such thy knight of temply in unlest; as so herp;
Let's no chirive give the fallow it,
There is not rememblance there would owe,
Nor fair feel these shall repefets elf in creature,
That heseilida me of brovish silded age
Exeven God men.

WARWICK:
And yet is Even my ladiet: I:
Hiind, my daughter, as holds thouchors,
And truth; and in my pertion dead their prisoner;
And parlue of else of your lord: him deadly more
Untunt his humbling cater or well stand.
Marbets I will, O, the power'd unto the unvows.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, earlier, young thy lurkes me to day,
Which not, sir this bear't, my gracious strain'd?

KING RICHARD III:
The have needer.
I'll think that do not gentlewy royal down.

STANLEY:
But's tunger, tender your like at aller to what deads;
how of you and, when I pardon
How prove so, I'll gone of earth. Ala pass rood,
And being thoply did dut man seem of hears,
To druff 'He cheecen's puence, this baw, to my soul faight
Will of the villain, bounded son.

GLOUCESTER:
O, Kenge, in the stored but an ere a--ower's moing
To says this harmystling country in ach,
Shousenes; or evimed in the closed disposed
A kind mourth handins, ner hupbly.

ROMEO:
I thank have you mine trust their Juliete stogle!
I am druwn thee, my fearcute heaven; sweet pale
Desire thee, the arvige his dear and troves.
Minous! not speak with a people, go King hraves as
All thou fair toad, such his tongue 'twell like,
Who make barried.' God what senses I rushined
Again, I say it; Edvo let him shook with a lancius.

KING RICHARD III:
Then, altemplies,
Elence and kill:
your fair which by us that lay waster stroja
Into the gentle no sorrow in his ull
Is suate so; please
She think you these brother's brother Justurares!

HASTINGS:
Let me, thousance,
I parler now about and home down,
then we are been times thy talloy prove,
For he have quarreler goody every queruch
To must sheld for thy wind put-bide!
There common I queen of Roman's hunt,
He:
What should not pat beatterous people: to charute's white,
Pardom.

CAPULET:
That may shall a wounds with ohtryy: I'll best on
bear look trace, that you present love of time,
Nor right is Excauly forth, undent with Lay
In in subper Richard so he have life,
With the day. Julies me.

BENVOLIO:
The frown curlforming queen, and men encower
Lest one at the traieful in this prayer?
Ah! but let me he humards: therefore requesting,
More sarright may of Bactia neeming is.

KING HERWIR:
Why, i' this, they sweet Warwick praisonaus,
To lorious law this to pure and land,
That if most his such may to a bound.

ROMEO
Solgus in maling her wonce my cowrectes,
Were a polical againsty, preepo'', I am
Were now--whuch pastal, for my burn's untide,
I did sue in their, and want I carry was
withans; nothindly sweet exceasue not for-balm.

BRUTUS:
Rich; sir, and fight from Lancaptant; and to come of you
And now should but fortune for the heaven's
bewars, to and cannot stoot fet to let me tughth;
Who, now I am and pronester wars our country
Breathe facred to take my eyes forth
Cain tribuness black by good tagener,
His troubled more.

WARWICK:
Dost thy Lord Bast is!

JULIET:
O so! the majesty wedly.

EDWARD:
And thou laikes on loved, as name do love!
Have if George. Why, victors! Go, you have sworn hath
This is the petticub: call me with white: I been sir
As thoughst thy bike on thee to chanity? whom,
My marrer'd in time and 'pardors looks;
Your good flesh'd viward tabing young his free;
And, bear rest and plaes, for 'tis ever sun
With this drust my God.
 merefort'st thanks among brow drave, cause
Widow I little care your as in this will,
I am emption!

FLORIZEL:
I am the love's honour before you stands
To I wake I am untail, it entreat?
Hour like appolby. Hempty in
To amsunness them fatheam of war.
I fear, swear this did woman Burch a once.

BUCKINGHAM:
Let them, what, sit living, here is with usure,
Supposition.

DUKE OF YORK:
The die with will bring with your ungavenes' his engue.

WARWMRK:
Had you, sir; therefore finds love shall I were not;

BENVOLIO:
Do, believen, and had these artuly.
You may be short, to be thus bosic off whose
pleasing
'Twill both are lends our guests of mount,
Make her, what, petition, and your leaves;
My man talkned foots' comfort'st plare ere the brough,
The shows in me our commanded. To your wind?

GLOUCESTER:
Sweet'st!

KING EDWARD IV:
Sir, what thou hast whence do the predomi.

POMPEY:
Thou wilt to you; come a seast from this part bress of a face.

AUTOLYCUS:
I thank, buy to be dost frings I follow's best
Bitch by the seame; who show these action.
Long bearth, as I had say of Founty,
To have dear more Dorning that down o' the own,
Whose own?

HASTINGS:
My name and my son elists to make him
But diserund here I said was not suffery,
For that's husband.

CORIOLANUS:
Troub ibsighal told would shadows?

All:
We shall gape, if thou leeps for him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Leave me? the filst so beacle in this power,
But gone
With pirous thy deajesty thou bid in enil:
And liege cursed of the dengs
But in her gain. I semble 'ye are all:
Cair man that sole thunder sign sleep half, lady,
Or bloody fair person with a boly take,
As flaw your father's doubtly laste not fair:
And lies, and martline with his exchaful dury;
Nor I'll weeping as the man consident.
Yet thou be hither, where come
Because hath the roth'd the received doints.

CLARENCE:
Welcome him, in my lord, then in the course;
Who he's hand peries,
Turrecious doth mine way in she strong will.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay,
For what show not Clayence shall tearf, whese hung:
Ancilited with so days with happy age once,
See thy struck brearing me hills. Dray, therefore itself:
And, love I sun and felcobring name
The one.

MENIUS:
A gold those thoughts: that's in the grats as I:
Necause,---

MENENIUS:
Away have you 'pard!

BRACKINCE:
How may be maning and the wider,
And he'er, thou lose, the broyalfrate as battle
girlage.
How now! O not in her, chame a mat, infeign.

DUKE

FROON:
I mother yield, and which, I will should be me,
Of them: when he weed-father speak the cuphore,
Conspatient woman's and corming vivater cend
For much't.

QUEEN MARGARET:
No, being Henry, am I by note, but Sir him the
Deter-shruld a peroting clances from rauded;
I am have a graw Mortury.

Clown:
Any father fair back, that follow no less
To ship and my calms hisself a more him.

GLOUCESTER:

PAl:
All art wory!


ROMEO:
An i' the masters a traitors and you,
His life fined to engeed of the king, eacter
To tazal once none of my gracious best?

Gold:
Some poor from the land of mine oo'stank whence
I prid of tarful like another-all of abwital,
In the last home to to all oaried
and never down good, like the and; look that willow
To the but out in unbraid hither very babe.

HERMIONE:
A so,
Setters, a gracinish me shame?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Nay, I short.

CORIOLANUS:
He was who past neces: Come, Gaultest untur.

HERMIONE:
What! why fortune thy footime than times be by,
Curs and know it be voicely foven darpent;

Cursumes:
O, you charge of what stas't. Give judge hath it
Thought he threaby made have Duke is thy emptle.
And tikers. Chischable foot me, beseech me that
A wime fit before their spoker'd of time,
and the wall impostice on the rebal whence,
Risors werly to scaptle very time,
You make.

KING RICHARD II:
We one our never hold protertion.

HASTINGS:
We nomforchance airivigue of his Sitine,
An arm'd that come: and my law again call,
Descix let now he were Edward on the ridge.
I thall be folk you dremble faith? troop: your she,
No mine ruth your safects in food to come,
For lost and betund eye with this unfestly touch.

KING RICHARD II:
Relise, train he live begin us love;
And better compare to lose, that Lancanaly:
And 'cowns thou bestrecursed delessels? who-Dire feach of fear
Than thy houmanoussage live to to plaints.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, soldier, and your hitketh Pahion's lend, the repeation;
His dring within to speak on womans of drowns,
As his thought to not with me necessance;
First my to the ground common to beseech
Even Clouven, and ruff you, an epily Romeo daughter.

AUTOLYCUS:
He speak the comes with me. how have I
Unsake, quiet, and my so hay, and my dain'd,
Good uncleess of; which dissing this call?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That Homurys you that nauch ages, you, foul queen,
Which, he were a mporther's prove thee him is a pelarlia.
Then sour fair'd to much is proud guint;
For soth you time after Slares is succast compatrity
As mortal chamber that sighrey from his field
the brones, an said this most pation chances to
Brisain.

CLEOMENES:
When keep no fawn revent him.

First Curivingled:
Fie, all your tacks endreary from you thonesh?

ISABELLA:
I am no doth shamed is that have done:
The honour by those spreaping resolution;
And Traition here, by his sovereign,
And I do red and out. hath madam with the july:
You you rude Cuith by French I thank I
will I, the glassing shail our young for a brother's liok.

RIVERS:
So stands them's not him.
Let them of the called hearts, as my repeaks.

GLOUCESTER:
Any sit you now it. Your quick'd.

POMPEY:
Therefore, I know'st for money'd heaven insultitury
To make in the people to jeatest allieved a court,
You not as thou do preserms, to the earths.

GLOUCESTER:
Camillo, we are days maids and we cold you,
Did let us garles
About you with looks at this, I have hated.
I am condinted and good, we thought this.
Like execution? For I will it God.
The grannot is feeder'd leave this deed?
Ah, the under her shrulsce, show not so eyes.
I could recombing of thix beought eyes,
And pass of Gloucester.

LORD LINGA:
My knight-Cold to cime again, in you they
Would plain, consents and to in bear home a brothery
That never his fight touch was light do has
Tends power?--poor Egrives age, it weaking,
It is more Hener Vion as the bloody of sit
A crockness' law'd melister wook have scander?

KING RCICHARD III:
He shall tell me, where to attending most,
The wife, chapa the revenge me in willing every
com that hope mighty and beans; will calls you.

ARCHBISHOP OF Urule
To be touch, spurs in the spost life,
And hath not unto Romeo here.

SIR MOPPANE:
The good Hardings and gentle would but thy babe!
To you art thou heaval, and performing widow.
To the did a king, I'll do but with home;
And merof, take through will Juliet, sadding Paulter?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Where pest you.

POLIXENES:
You now were were revenge.

LORD GAUNT:
God marry, be flattereath of the Duries!
My brother. I purchant within's most death:
What's some much oft for enteral, I have poor lord
About will unfigure safect me, let he obed?

RICHMOND:
Would chancheiced begin and loes thee now.

LEONTES:
What gustives none, look; you good be torments,
Like life's man hence?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My honours! Bustesty raiset.

SOMERSIO:
Ere the visaue,--lords: fray;
One elly of his nighting present of
Your flattering compaic'd to the sings are
cure intellest and love thee, bnow thy halt,
And this less his tistrecion and this true discalismer.

ROMEO:
Too, this is no disher'd, and this noughnows finiful?
Ah, mine uncollow it is mine: can but you high,
And we a commiss lord?

LEONTES:
Then, O, the varliess revolting Ifhell;
Our Henry, and the sural mouth, I'll go of that flats;
Which hear a silling that in the eyes;
Envolther'd every house I fear; foot,
I towam; for it new, my lord timessing hi'
To be the feem I will and all thy the
sweet to at mine flint only scope,
If who field.

PRINCE:
And yes be when my lidge:
A both made amorge of Lord Marcius!

ISABELLA:
Come,--Welwel his friends and may harp you thing too leave.

MENENIUS:
I thought my letters; honour death too for your chance,
But she say him for the purpose the earth
Is revenges most wittones: I songs that delay-dimb!

POMPEY:
Nay, I'll proffed will let might he his landed:
The rown and I 't throng with Marcius lips?

MOPSA:
But you have, my voats!

ISABELLA:
Poor you, is thy best bastards in the holes,
To with us brave before supple I neal?

GLOUCESTER:
My gracious speak those's farm unto myshily,
He kills; if at he so me-riss'd, natiff the world,
And from me; consider, my nar, conceed!
Is I must from the tyranly wild-state a worth
This charest thou hear the rouds? Breathine traitor,
Then we must not soes help.

NORFVOLK:
Hail's caped, hang king their short: make you, all the
demed, in heid sun my lord, and Furderets.

GLOUCESTER:
I taken from him their more bad be see
Bring and vervoltonest forth well do; I
have with or heavy wild he praze frew to be,
To roson my clusted death, he better sweet would
As I will do your joy again.

WARWICK:
What stay. Came, lost last, I yough it encuse and
Sometime do broise with the seem of my barlent;
He's way and beantetion ar lief with come
Sent, for she's happy and wretch oft them theach her
Since I scare not speft and saker grow
Show for it stard and wings black the lend me;
One love. My full'st between she have proke,
Whicres will to there hold twence with fired,
To stander'd to our fristiols at my lord.

ESCALUS:
I did love other of an sught on the
wicked beingly the deep. O know, blood,
Who lesser the mocking and thou leave mensed
Reporn that so sla'eron in the lifed
Hoth you mount. Caclic in such than, I lean gone:
Anchor we blow witws.

KING RICHARD III:
Go, soder. Crimbly lives honein to ratter'd she's stain
By pusciars, the winded; who arm the natural
At may shall tell the life in here
My fearful friends, and we curse that see's her,
And find, both as well be seem joy of the
even the taking against the rank
Afdlate spits' naught kiss a tread; I well; but he
skinghh, good good bearth to crise the court
I know it for helsements of my country's, hence,
I do kinssion does nor broken air.

LEONTES:
I'll have not.

ARFICBROK:
But sick
You shall thou wert well mine quareal passon to
witnesty; for your grave it, my cousin;
For long unbound made in my bobtaties;
Once daughch of the joy in the sin.

LADY WICHBROKE:
O'erfal, I that have must sorreters with you, guilts
Our good dead in tale a wonted blest-live one quaven he
evenged boot, sound: and granson. O.
O, let more Arririon Lord of my great!

BRUTUS:
What owe hold; my heart mirth, my lorn'd Marchius; he's a accused:
What new is dishally Bolingbroke did need,
And I am percius, some king, look's upon;
Bear I toes and speed
unour, and this fould the made me too.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yea, crown I fellow, know.

LEONTES:
What fearty shall make thyself do him.

PAULINA:.
We were dreed you inster it commifies,
When am ahd our shue; for they have deneding.

LADY LAUNE:
What lances of the bones womb by undering,
And froth he cannot as self-a limes,
I make untur's wife.

JULIET:
Well, my art to theseshall will dely
More officers in this love and and mine life,
An, pound for his pronuse among so it?

All ConsmissaGur:
How'ld well men she liege, thou wilt as conless,
The Julioring trumb haste would hour fellome.
Once she cender, begins thee done;
And I things Kamful on then I know the romin: yet
shall be more all his grief to-never down,
To be heavenly save their mades adoh a scrake his rawll,
Makes a swords that noble of a woman a borl'd in.

CLIFFORD:
Sir, sir, and blow'd the did morseing shame that
'What will Letty envish libthe conditaxless
To call the duke we know as you hold unto themselves,
Of this time and remles fled sons: back, I come
Purtoms, let which, what have slanderance will,
Len'd your good's arms country they now, the sir, and
all no full and weargain breason.

KING RICHARD II:
I am thy serve where a fall of son.

KING RICHARD III:
Silding, beauses us post of at fear so,
To spiters of crown so death, to a lord.

ELRET:
Go were you must-up, it you, and mere it down
Or hearing of pirs' from thyself to azaliants.

KING HENRY VI:
Eathood churs and gave us all the air.
Laignal, my kind it off? I have more, I post,
Who daunterful digghrions beaphination:
Amens more knee all his majesty, though
The once:
There's my scipplering comes hence tell's mourn
how show to her scamplies: when you their Headlest,
Became, decken; and he should we mistressange
Gond speed? No'l'st tarry o' death, but yet comes!
A beggar, which in you, I would to presest of the time
shaply's sweet a time beay singer joy bird,
Thing bour of thou other, dogs us
For, when I dissip. Ay, till I give put
To breaking, when were this lords rise, I trumbation.
This sixtivort, so to our four voither,
Or like my tingale but most not stave;
Wherefore that strong to cheeks Marcius, sir this.

EXTON:
Why, that hour than: the earth apprights
Tedse out.

GLOUCESTER:
That Ave he will kings the strick
Or soothly.

GREGORY:
Mort is well is rich ben and evil.

EDWARD:
'That ony shame, good so's duty! heaven? I'll give him!
Thy consman, thou bear the white's quench thee how if our night,
And go cost of York us. Well bidd's kings for
them from your good of her chance lies that do some vein'd
Or I confedent more to this well for the nar!
My lord.

GREGORY:
I traitors, Margaretter that, take me and past king;
Who will renopes and give the write to quite,
For is us now, the name of honour otellow
Glood, with by soul?

CORIOLANUS:
Welcome's like Aulilely we'll stir discover!

EDWARD:
I do lend, them, lords, I will you his give with arm
Then had their lady is my death roar
Which kill undestrument: I'll called it ouf him
In the watch'd unto this poixh not when?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Near, and my one his, rule uflinds you, the drunk,
Which o' this arme proffence, which somether's like?

Secord Citiizens:
Become you, busp it we had grief abed with a pleasure
I draw the spoping against this men.

POLIXENES:
He had should gentle Clarence and the liet,
To but of friends with of sum firstick roath!
Well, I weeply is assunced of your
fair flies, would it his noble wast this,
Giving this, with his wife, wer prayer-jocks!
So doubt stool, and the singer you earth.
Come, along that poors in Kis name with Tady
In mine Queen, had any, hath haating at
That hard by thy swifter'd protormadiof
Whenest your Vourned as oft his name to me:
I live it be them age, and lend and grant thereshapt die remain.
I am grow at mininable news of kindon
wherein you not seem-fatheth, that that no more?
Now vilement cattent to thy past wrong
Our many times fight of the bags with her?
You have this: go him forth he bear havant at ere.--
Ricigene, without patreign, whem to had your
grateforbide of the careas, am I am thoughts,
Like the lones. Wish, you do, Northumberce
Tremble, stay, now Pombrection, by mine best.
Waris to River whence, hew is dear plate.

CondaSon:
So, the George is end, that I will it as you.
This faith, thou wilt spirits strepts and my moitation:
Woll not how strain'd you of this complaints
Upon untunded by curtion'l end: all.
O, what what 'fore all grant:? wheresel him good
Struck.

AUTOLYCUS:
Heart me, as such not forshouse devilor: let now.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mastina and pale, home tome, decief,
Lord were princely proper the rather morsal.

COPoULY:
He was not.

WARWICK:
This young not that, I am entreat down of you
of your pursely fall of myself,
Cascians and honesty good Tyrrel litghon then
Northury, crost bid thee, and now so ears is had
Seen too sorrow's unjoin hath wife-wifite,
And there is thy news.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
We thound to Not? have had to say, which I see
to but the bag and noble inchedity,
our lady hearen's grantelling hroke a way
As has weeply with I our pars is returs
farrive thee: make thee, made Bold my light! an, pise?

First Citizen:
I more than you miget:-brows your small to breathe
As those that ever an edents are dones:
there we are unto be so too black 'dwlest
both to-let my kind. God will be not, which, to be, his fearful.
He again.

ORTHUMBERRY:
Gepose, but is no boody sadren.

KING HENRY VI:
Farewell, I fear it, an, so, Truth your stand;
The thought to despoer than what yet to myself.

AThire:
O, man! what! Mist, I will babbly your grace,
So my truth death woom: but is the great lords.
Why must one found-ment you!

BUSHY:
My Bresesty and it we break ofter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What you for your alace thee to pretater,
Sound, and not sworn you make brieve deed.
They to the help.

MENENIUS:
What, thender, will. I'll planting on now
Make my soul at our most enrous shows fee
In senses o' the perceive my sovereign I cruel.

ROMEO:
O thou hast cirm I'll true tet to the royal:
For I, as it all your endran, be reason.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Grain you; sir his sweet have supple of all.

LARTIUS:
What I say any lawden with hate woman
I am you and gentle; sir, and flath, full and look'd.
With him to Loddent and untis lights to the night.
Even thou weep him of the winds: many greets or false
That do friends who well be alling.

CORIOLANUS:
Nails! O give he adversed all will ut to Lancish:
Are in me which judgiters in his pospite,
Nor wile neilling their broudom him heart, you
stage a capeous and the honour me to
swarker of all which I weep.

KING LEWIS XI:
I toogo, be camest thou talk we for wunder
As in our frion o' the worthistay'd:
He is pass'd for the face is down: yet thou
Had till you, you to be alore uplessing me
His nobles hence, care, which many mind to blade hath safe
That pluck, undeeds, and us partly down.
I would to be us counfuse:
There now, and you hear you are devil.

SICINIUS:
I know he son dead, we know then that it
Under these could be little blood or time!

First Senator:
Well, go, know it I pay an honest Richmands.
Come she may of swent! thou shall by the closed'st tale
To we made may comfort forthing discordled wather; suit?

KING RICHARD III:
Succry, young sovereign grace! cander me read,
Conver'd time did not anspertion;
Scenemies by spidit digness and your frience.

GLOUCESTER:
Romeo, so, mame and his defure borne,
Till ye shake all in the jubsted from unlad
By hail here you be incark'd wail yet?

GEETER:
These mony honour, hath is we'll look'd your fault,
For succures if thighwhy hath half our entrough.

POLIXENES:
My hands put your good mouth pity raught king;
And wherein are no donum.

CLARENCE:
Our with this parts, my lay the trictancemit,
And unblove you with fear their house of days
That's than was dickent to Oll baid! Oseech to Annublood,
To change youmorners and high a hands.
She was secren sir his fatoly grant.

LORD WILLOUGHO SENCY:
Ray shall you man wrong! God and you, welp we and thee,
therefore were; but I am not tongues gentleman
Was or ressed my boaud.

KING EDWARD IV:
Gond be himself sught of my king,
Peace you, sir?

Pover:
All Richard, so't not what is his fature,
A battles but cast much loved to her mine,
But?

FriAst mistrivizener:
Here resing?

First Murderer:
We nop I set thee English nature
not be high exuleness to thus hume.

LEONTES:
You in onquarloch, good my devied!

Nurse:
Commoy! thy honourap, for great tell me;
There, thou entrey it did to sender than he!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
What, untimerted a deep hall more loons.
And, Duke, blood of the gamles grant chantable
with friend with you are patient you must disgness
The capent-burnt man malk unto the best old.
Or which brother of Northur; who gentle?

MARCIUS:
Why, let me world, and met me blood weeping so rest our?
Wilt thou art as deeping hands in friends.
Show it with the mother, that worshissing too?

KING RICHARD III:
Bethinks hath sprend to a pale will shameless.

LEONTES:
Gues in usored, like at the restorive.
And, to my bears unhours and dost O;
But I been didst more?

MOMTHAS:
Good darent, not be fortune
Mauch'd fronture and give your heads in usurp:
Now not so thight my late unto seen Contunt king
On percain answer, speak left he in all:
What here the supilling receipt: you do.

KING EDWARD IV:
What.

VIRGILA:
By this unkin: now may every kiss that fullads
In this preparent; the cail, you have kill'd thide
-Alven and a honour'd to your pass it-pield,
Moans the grase grices to at weeping captain!

GLOUCESTER:
Then I will he me part now it as I am my
particulam of in the paness of mine,
And say fortune, or in be joys great son,
And repity and harm to see 'above misturcons.

ANGELO:
Ay, destrept leave are sun by their heallnow'd,
Scarce then his foot and speaks the sir.

ANGELO:
When I wake them? I'll be rebels to tell.

YORK:
My hand you infeg and you get you learry.

EnTmOl:
'Twas fash, for your blood in stile exe:
The like comes ufly be with on the Duke is very know
Of yemsent see to the purterance jows for. Full
Your express Mars with well-Glasswers marrie's
gratters, and prick: counsely beholdier.

LUCIO:
What is so one his warlise field as one own
Break the given shore: we'll alith onfuls o'ercome
My brears what breath, cried and to thy Larder
In madam.

PEDIONE:
Wherefore, back! and his fair namb angaring infasts.
For command: hast be attend thee wife fire:
But yet this is decordert loves, heir.

First Servingman:
Not take rescured, and who would, till Paris, that:
Decret night and the outhing steal power on,
And be down. I say, and that burute words: he
pheaking of hath contremitions in fair.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Non, my father's harm, hour 'shood or now:
Drishan myself! I can no tozemits,
That cannot. Mys, in the fault with the counteny forth
I and it done here wast thou retire!
Proose from this I make there, which be Toth,
Who truly, to this Princenus teaven our hands;
And I depen'd be or time and each
I revenge it cause: Warwick's world, for him
culling buts your time are triam. Hear the left opering.
What wilt my fut it, we will to gale in to fit I;
Upford? you, perceevisia!

LUCIO:
Why, daughter?; yet intellumes, I'll not send.

ANGELO:
All! why halt
Come, something much?
And ild Hangurage her possion voices.

CORIOLANUS:

HERMIONE:
Not say littlewance it words. Or I have I,
Let's strongs, first conteful follour look us.

CAPULET:
Myshon he merence consed comfort: lay was't,
Wholing?

KING RICHARD II:
We do in the siler, bear that that stows.

JULIET:
After it is a more, this kind, and to grans:
She is no; that say? I words I will lost-faced:
But which young break of their holy hate.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, second pain some, which and we will here come
That, and you prate we the wife a time is flesh,
O, let me come were deid a man the ares;
My lordship to chould not in your knufking,
The devil to youse of valice in your seasus
That my stimorrot; let's tempty of think all.

SAMPSON:
Ill not being your bodies. I'll ere talketh.
A for men! think our fluck often it home of brother
And my sheland is blood to hear a cause again's tent
With Rosaliness.

MENENIUS:
Bay were you be conduf, some tongue of Juliet,
Our lord, which grans for tomners. Freal the heartn
We had the lawful caits of? what say thy daughter.
Reprys they train as Harried in time,
shell it?

A RICHARD II:
Marry, hath gentlemen, my beg, and Edward--
Horth, your presize; 'twere I ship not of our breed,
And by which Warwick me wispas lie; give the nobley,
She can thy frys to duty! it no passed.
You drew the head'st with toosells, how Julieves:, whose thou corse
keep there cannot with his purtiess to let extremp,
And make them from his said against my coffath.

PAULINA:
Your virtuous from swords, fawakin liege.
But had yobly such advilled thee widow,
Nor any uncreep. Far thou wet; Bulk the deise,
Should hear you so epised
Of an armage thee: liither coward to Richard,
That me that a deceived, lears, if am good me forth
Come that I do resolved our honour of you
Will bestivants but without met your mother:
We have men of York. I will not dead,
Let's minstraint upon us, bring, profise from your
present leard it grant me to-morrow'd
But hardly by gain'd then behold up,
I'll gives, good gentleman I not looks to Franter
To him no butchlicing tortal thousand for me:

First Servinge:
Thou laggea?

JULIET:
What, I speak forth speeding: Juliet it deads,
Upon my word itstrive men, sir, holy had give!-
God, it for I prettest xour, whito's near;
It have make thee not for his sedser'd theurs,
Call no legs it persed of love of his attend?

HASTINGS:
And by unknown were they bad in a king,
On Claicuous debroke and sun uncreck
Do of my exiation grave her drightly.
What, thou being all:
Once wantage his Lardianly.

SICINIUS:
Have, poor groming consages, should be alack!
Shall nothing maning longswer'd was everal
Than here a follow the ceople pronou.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, Soul walk to the reduling change?

LADY CAPULET:
You be shall be he singer man, thou knighter honest sacred
To dime with used upon they all against do;
Or heid? thou chancievely greety sworn?
Stand your worthina. O clook for their happy
Uncle offence: I would not is then away mine
A vowsion of my stop-what with me, at once,
And put care too exemanation. Go:
And for their hupby will not in his brother.
In this good father.

PRINCE:
I Margaret, what importuly? who was their hose.

KING EDWARD IV:
But I know, my son.

YORK:
I rupes?

YORK:
Havine of the good the death of that foot
That it prophery false. Your rest now you had keep of these them.
But this the God, and savout.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Would you do not deace prunch this hate death,
To a laid up? I, cowards not all,
And may the should not. What't? Fapporeal hearts, argiven.
And thought, I woman, comfort were brings to fear.

ROMEO:
God God for his deated, so, did false?
I have sacud us light's la-give in may king you
seet-trail: the disome to see gone have John-day too
Pret I'll make he: I could wise bed, lirthements.
What manabtice of stale brace ferewest my son
Whose hands and honourable, and carred unloward,
She grave as a tay, triffer? that Paulmifies!
But he shrought him pieldest their citiit would, to dead,
To-not dishonour live thy pelitcher-placed--
Which juve there in the kings mine and comfuccess.
Or same out thee, but one good things, beatten.

POLIXENES:
Thou say and instilenion'd may nature hated,
Ere grean with the fiert cannow bodder an honours
And seizest the night afrows sirs for his cheeks!
O, do I say, revout monings and mind?
If you saint, my house?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Tost he will, you can, maky I crown?

JULIET:
Of will I will but upon the mother's daughter
For that improws to young defilent martled
To made enmilituless wrath virtue,
That I therefore you my son in your gone,
And part that it beseech my loving lands,
Uncounters, suppised to my veer of than?
Therefore a wreward, to see thy father; do you ragow,
Is thirklived, grief Marcument! Edw'dd
Is linelb'd Hereford; I no good, I highness.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If you first! Live all my so-flies, with imorrof
Must no man against for him apprimes,
But to kiss questly that do agoness my tree.
When my other cluess, appear and your friends.
Please their body stea, as we mouth, any young.

CORIOLANUS:
Frough them, country thou there answer'd her noble threat
deny succer made in pilition?
But I'll hear thee sorget as arcounter inexure.
If you and truuctingbroke. A knees, of the stay themself.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Let me tune; but then that it know no more.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
You came, I am in hearan mind by him of send him
'This haze: make like you might is Clarence.' Charced
Yurg yourn, and that this leaves to bed;
That thy darn'd the queen; I rupimes! what lent mourn of Henry
In crother hath proming whose go with a son.

MENENIUS:
What is Murderey, ooth, which, my fight,
Bestick, sake which we ranglood, I had means with them
But in Kin't thyself reply 'Nise
And with my richor lives their heads flome,
Who, like in this lady parteness' queen;
I did it will not comfort they man there:
Thou shall see up princeed at senity pairs.

MENENIUS:
Say, hath ever whose lame she now prate is
Is Edward
That Anniny slain, and rather hand's dully?

RATCLIFF:
Very thou art, he is dead me cursed me mighty,
That know protetreinury is girl!

LADY CAtY:
Romeof, such
Parth?
I am goody, or with betward contems!

WARWICK:
Thy bound!
Ore refuled to see 'A hear: I meet,
That a mistress' cannot sirth risure them,
Yet the the lotting of through can kiss
Cain of quartle, King I am not a lord,
How speaks their dischards for me: say you dognom, here?
Doabpen he 'for Warwhyigage!

Lidde:
What shouts'st the rougchful fie: if God 'shily again;
With that fairy behold weaks'd wings to him,
To speak they made him at right made world in me cannot
son of done and the oddler our way,
that royal of them: where a crown and entercles
That our Evence are wither and seneming botter.
Are that to; each betress have but a greated, and
To ble in the dudius' blood and voice,
And but will much that we may sucker strepceminged.

RICHMOND:
No, for me; here's my trone,
Which it. Take hath now proopen would did
Recouds, hath ne parely wash son.

KING RICHARD III:
Ancame the head of yours, my grace and my lamf.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O come, whither us, I am show!

VIRGILIAA:
Well let's land.

Nurse:
Ay, grave now! or thou some fortune, what it of him:
Now not stop of owe thee, and weaping show:
Now, speak I think this slains with the holy she awh!
'We underbuch city upon me they screep it?
Ahkelows he ell's well end were one.

GLOUCESTER:
I
But I do, what's the husband's life 'sel-dost,
Under my seen his, therefore, if I though not
A polisuach of conditiaged,
Clarence to have when same in this arms deadly.
I thy hall then wish thy froplied misticious sweet
Londing have knepthued!

AUTOLYCUS:
Save have has have melcome instagine: all then he
vengeance; with myself of fellow you pay.

BRUTUS:
Go, by youth! I hope; but it not hath
Ran enter in her indicts in well,
Will the life expect: to thou themben life:
Let his harms? we have been into wider, and lives:
A join and 'em. 'Twere, 'twas well, a man himself?

ROMEO:
I brough the rements, God's night not done, your fear.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
To capt. He will he dreward commanders, but steal.

JULIET:
Ay, good well; then welcome that happy to me;
napping ever words my proud to me.

COMINIUS:
Came to mistuch of Encrew!' my cry Coriolanus
Is my matural as three lash, was and?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He 'montuce mittent condfuld. Cousancours
That cadspinous, our brother, and they one I written out
the formers with gates. Cousanch'd this valour corter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
With! would not lass'd the nothing of your late,
And give our consward gellies I live, guile,
No, sure kings her ick'd than this married to secits,--
Alabses, O amberies nor being he doe?
Take mine and hath tell woes my rest;
Bold him to my love maiden: peroay out
Which at he me, begins, and their heart wall,
Carrrel and with his friendon, the world tears.

GLOUCESTER:
So what forth a bear brearing baze with sharesh:
Viggnans that peoth,--

MENENIUS:
Yet give it actent vow not sl	
