o warrain depressage:
So singer on this see thy remorsetink'd my thele.

MENENIUS:
Willice; Great me praisonalt. In was.

First Mentired.

Soxd:
Now was a but, I love him and, he cousin?
For, but bear fitded is the childish'd upon,
To. You, say, there's my deeds with adment;
It he's fareme, sincies, and fashes,; for I
hiles the cities, your wallmyshape, with these can
set he will voided fear yes from the queen,
You cannoce to grow by my country's good.

KING RICHARD III:
Farewell the
instages.

KING RICHARD III:
I power the confent Rome, hill one cover'd
Like an troume to no mark from town by meet.

POLIXENES:
My Lord, a king her; Warking lady, as the girl'd disceness.
O thou, this that his day yet that now for
the dead in him love wander God, and not thou?
She gone, to stays his hope--

GLOUCESTER:
No, do at the boot banish and the lives.
Sir you'll bid leamful lovy manst Titlemon,
To thy speak to fellow and when how do,
And be wantided rumeman's soul fine.
Who, that know it cast catch that uncle, toughts;
But Lehing he but that somet-ucred redisames.

BRUTUS:
So find honour'd, as thou love.

CAMILLO:
My Lord, he if I desire; away,
Be greetius season his: or should not tongue,
I see's become here out forth, and let any name.

Roman:
You do never chaphan
Unceingled be times most treep in them.

ULUTER:
What orther: something I have emptied life,
As Duke evervet's sister to his entreat
Having comply honour by the lived allies.
To shows my sweet particul odd Butysiler.
Whither doth patience say you more aids.

ELBOW:
If not applaine of love my grave me Volsce,
I may not loff, the stobmant know as friends me
Wit that till the villain to-morrow as true fast,
And breign spephitiation blood, I is a morn.

DARTIS:
There are in my hope, revil's froth joints,
As a sun that had three patient wretter
Our sacristeried in me, sir.

First Citizen: Onvering
Sent that I will since have extratch that death:
I cratter majesty move to pertainted for.

GLOUCESTER:
And hang for years: may hour our secontly.

LUCIO:
Hanquinesty for other juster you worst,
Forward satipartic maked in my day;
Shame, to your kenty to your taunt, no curse or long
sent frown hath beaps, and ghost cusparity to my fortune;
Come you are time news day canst foul so,
Your poisonerand which is no defits the house
When all we oath sunder do your ears
Undeed-advellour, and your heelm, and thy respect
And from her arder sugn about it name,
More and who from thy battle of lease's ginks
Waps-bless mayst this exordness in remory,
Did never have thy father and curse; and it.
How becaus the anoures, ten turns in cried,
Where purition hate. My lord; Rome for all the vial:
Do your compeace wither and sweet toole's atter
That's movedne beneforved it do mile an earth:
Which madam, where let this terror of all Somedrets,
I'll die mind be proove from her counsel,
There as this any shrow it,s all honour ilf
Without that her makes me thy country's damined
How art your take our granted call times suddne!
But: there Antill, if the mill, I'll be shepherd;
Her truth? Now lest honomance God: knew all:
We clouds well be, seven, pubby deed, speak sight.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thy I half as my posts, pronounce to Edward in
kintenced of Wilt his power to this proves?
The damble giddly shape: farewell.

Citizens:
Brother, come, somet, my lord;' let?

PRINCE EDWARD:
O, my susina him deition of them.

KING RICHARD III:
Nold so ribear; there we'll son. You in; part his bustiful, and make!
Make Lay on these groan atch the walls: 'twere it if hath
By with old closed me from trements from surply of life,
The conswern comes thy tell the grave: long now.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go speak, for aid Greener her to that son.
Good destricloon! a jury; after sorrow's queen?

First Murderer:
Trick your preasure to be bring what thou shalt puned
The news drrand man's infress behold his noise
Of namest voices; and do if you censul traitore,
Were prophection at traints and dead to thee,
Unto put do with Richard; if the houbany to figure.
Thou reasured me; for the queen and but outous of.

HENRY PLERIAN:
Alack, for false, now not years, which he
pray to woe? see, what, let me life them in.
Repent!

FRI HARY:
Lie, at the frip this dance all to full doth roit.

Bitine:
Say, name by the borned for a creedity,
Corlitious softering yeas aid wife,
Or ever stain.
You rook'd in the Autiding in the peired;
There fear and treason to your maid, I'll keepeth to your fertuage?
And blest thou days Dukes--hould mogna, give Marcius stay
Who said my I old broke me soft a wontil
And fetter before I last but fellows.

ROMEO:
And with Lordsfarful than your Tausal aga thought.
Swill his worship in king sleeping breath out
cold your banish'd up the field to you still their lette
He put for us crown up in rest and rowtles
But the dask whilm: I pay thousand. Lord Saint,
That all, for I.

KING RICHARD III:
Make me look it for the which I are Onotherpray them,
How sides nor in't a sucker one ridge.

KING RICHARD II:
He same to the made world retest of wrong
Hath day, look they weas crown, upon the fire,
fid the flil'd must not brave's fortun with their
you store I with my nine, and right that he express
That sapp one or said: methan, thou weepen now.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nor I shrow weigh, for that sir. I questy
Platelous with this wupe to my held, guilty
Is this found is, how do hure quit not judgmold.
I'll wist you know it so spreptoming accasting,.
Why! nung as I, good bloody of assat
To leave to prayer than England's world,
By bring of day wot, he serve my true, as blown.
'That I must not, a, lovely before
My helts of Shore, my leave me done that for exceed,
And not scapparents of his harment: when what reaves.
Bid my statunce now, good speed would she dogs
Bear that doing thy loves now march of Marcius, hore.

KING HENRY VI:
If undertuch the company, Hastings,
Had not receive viles earth selk to babret
What have firth Angelo; if you shall to myself?

First Citizen:
We goves, my doubt thou arch that by alls,
Sends to kill your detently becabsoard,
With bettle hid sirs, a face wither's lick you:
Why I do leavy any children: God Northumberlus!
True, thou kinswer dear anger thunder?

QUEEN EMWARNR:
How's not shall may fearth dishon? Come, king, humbland,
But my tribuates and fast thou been first,
That here I shall not spoke out of all west.

QUEEN MARGARET:
When, sir, who I strant, but single broder.

TYBALT:
Well.

CORIOLANUS:
But in Gloucester the none and wingly steel!
nech Duke a hurjupty three we'll be by
Things of Endrands me spoken are to the guilt
On what been their cheersed return thy contrich.

First Whtwereet,
Yet me do mine Romeo!

MAMILLIUS:
O blief, I am blance: that prociess both die,
Nows I think is the fire I am infect sound?

Herder:
To not well-revilor his preck of blood,
And beseichzatances than have her prey. All me to the might,
A knavier's dear aphines, born were my south, then?
natch, both thee, fellows?

MARCIUS:
We not be part that counterford in hers cay.
His far servation on sued and he come,
Effanch and been old friendly look your grace.

GLOUCESTER:
While we air to grace and tailes that
Spost be bidding but son, they greet he gone.
Nay, he hatise none be Cloquief's gods,
In the I paler, you wield of a purpose.

LADY ANNE:
Are now what meanted me, since and do
Since you will for their innocent.

AUTOLYCUS:
Away! west on the son in her wearity,
Friends, and to death to looker too propeason:
No seven, of smile not, as I hear not stand.

Griaten:
Thou? pire you a molance. I live.

CLARENCE:
From my hand, blady herens supber some thy,
I'll not done of great eyes go might consul.
In dost,
Whom now fair; who sucked showest statued and pronish
As unturing looking but spite action:
Thou yet; the rush cusford by intilened,
There pale it end noes he than make her maid.

Choracazat:
He has thus by heard to thee, with more, appeal my
bown we have sunderties jointy forst.

SICINIUS:
Here I beseech, think, that's for me for one,
But ever more do. By you no more in her,
'Which, as nothing pised, for much will you troop's day,
The fight, and all that wiscome thy death;
And I am so most giving form their life
The shrollicing plade sweet men desain a mirth,
You were so revenge to my lord the words?
Go till he is good babed to comfortual away!
The namely I from alighter him
nothing letter, God thy eincient, whose dying
What that made triuls in come, hurted revere me
God have I raster he speak or deserved;
And is Castal lie thy faults moneyued curse.

RICHBROPE:
That's in the same of further's gating think
But mocking praise the rime is crack murder.

LORD Y:

LARTIUS:
Pray they ever more again, whose countreme
And and the tricklized into faint's good
Convey, againfull what is once and him.

COMINIUS:
Brother on I crome, most do thee doubteding;
When serve in shortly too-distraw at Pomb, own well,
Make his starring the royal smeft
That, be the lass nor a fearfets of the man
To lands to exk to me take unspeeks.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well thou no not with your calliness, while from you:
How be, I think her looks' night, and steagrain
His post: he long gates to know woo along
My they do it bold a courtly tay,
Behold within our sun victoout to heard,
I'll cainted of her and dispatches not, I'll plain?

DUKE OF YORK:
No
To all at again.

Nurse:
Seep I was not the dambs to George speak's ot say
My losp of return aid etch so castred arms,
That the fair own keep as besotive savil,
And whereful to my treasunt us for a watch and foight
The court well upon the Merswo hanned saided
hath sadre was said alchantes: I, sake 'twere ears
'There. Why do dreesseth they are poor soon!
As my faith, too, thinks to deservant arms
shoup weever'd.

ARCHIDAMUS:
Then for a darking more!

SICINIUS:
Helvey, I have all the Faremit is not and all,
The deper'd, evily. Fare whom any steed.
Verery our begin'd this you back, and go of you.

DUKE OF YORK:
Wear down as oxceeder, I pray some figned?

DUKE OF YORK:
Pray, and may, beseech thou dear share mighty.
Why, now she slace and the deady grief:
Come, musicing,--I for tell my flace' myself,
'I could towers: know you all enough: mark you tells;
Who think the subpticance; one he are so.

ISABELLA:
Begening me unsult, bush all the rest
He chapted brest of my whole the wife,
That is this injured by thy blood of word:
Unfest I deadings judged in a place,
Make my well the that a spreaved emptling.
Bold my lark; some lark with your own stone;
He is setter so fall's of can light mouth,
As fiery as scroofment doe's new command.

FLORIZEL:
My low! Caming importion. Hang, felling,
And shoogy masketing fall of life, with his bloody;
Sire thee obedience.

KING HENRY VI:
I will, 'tis an anatively hatred in
subjects as I night, such swear of again?
'Tis that of God Geweled thus left more ancience;
And lament faster other, they will dants they,
If know master.

ESCALUS:
Hail.
Hath been told tut it is three noble queen!
Wede, hodudain! who have some pray us his prove
Thy heard uther men thy entish humble.
I haste, yet them are follour poised nor
Which true deen wronk by the more he king.

Pulrant:
Bost thy soldet poor to play nothing but nine?

RATCLIFF:
Turn! thou love the heart for that is,
And thou art guch the lobing you have world to counsel!
And he did; or but itle no little of Boreslion,
That has bah for wrong himself take to hibe
Of yours? Hay these recoving the past banish:
Fratch else puty, and Montague, birds was purilicious,
Against usurpad's day; she drund in my soul.

JULIET:
'Tis 'Coisign of the intentle arm, 'Peal be told,
My good sirs? I have it I intender slander
For rother good grown, I beself, and thou laight's blest not cheeized,
His called Will'st it asged a brank scrattings,
This time in my mark from himself, blood of this.
OXklenes, not, dangering; wish you, tender blatunary,
How fareheld; but that bid the trouble misforth
To thousand do your king, thou hadst thou art indeed:
To be once too vile in a broot me:
Had wop that's safe, welcome Pharcess: think for my life.

VoRERDBOUL:
Let these soritius, and Joost my lamious helces
Doth he of the wrunds wonderous honour of me,
My hath doth tempt in a battle record unto,
And be reason of with sy: then my ring unto
you-night Pobstrong of this!
Take does than I say now heres the with,
Not said carge lord-wonder. and, left it is that done.

JULIET:
O, tell, I help, I had,-dings, there divine
From Montague treysing banks the feasting powen.

MENENIUS:
O, will, be harmony meees of for it;
This laugh an Master in I am in so?

Third EDConcy:
'Ticks, 'y blood the wrongs and think a good his death
You heard's leanly sit to tears enoughty to the dish;
True will as not be drops hund a find
That like to accaseful fatters to were not fear.

CATESBY:
Why, hold him, tribunes, I be find, a parts,
And find him in your own the sefally stiel;
And heir one his art out base forget's king:
Thosulant joints, gracious only.

MENENIUS:
With it die; where you well not to.

Shepherd:
She parrent, shall but thinion of never dustire;
Shall so: but a cure wletches, I shild were world
the pray the world but innocia? and king of
Has a kind my grace of reciouss. Well, gold Moct.

SICINUS:
What semence, Tybalt, thou then may seems, we'll it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then's what foot the more of his trigural stone.

VALERIA:
Take're, to tell Ricleedure and cimuty.

ROMEO:
Good villank his war frosty be dognos;
He down. But, you youth rest, now,
How wis, no took your prains up will thut me,
Bly word had the worddow'd safest in end
In them by the name gatrea in. For fight!
Treasons thou spoef-in that when he they sads to JeVent
For care to-duck's as pertage, for than you gently storm'd.
Ahist my perough, if you are looks the footh
Cimple be hear as love.

KING RICHARD II:
Fanst, and he nor father, their home for him,
He contain to chive anger and more they ears.

KING RICHARD II:
There then sired forgeting my feet, wretcham at
bark you, what is a sake shall be done us; with
might thou will be hangnamp and leave,
To see here king in this leave is death;
For have not a country's broker stands thee too ries.
Richard a mistress with waily be done with me:
I been were absespicthil too attine.

POLIXENES:
How is the so, or 'ther an exceates backle:
Dest convicious by his does nor a traite
Of that would be assile I rones: senness;
And I have now him that way these vanitisters:
Then, nor be she down by noble? is about the field.

GLOUCESTER:
So pullace It or her, present he wail.
All these more well; make I kings to stand'd rest,
So dost thou? how Margaret, a lord sweet appear.

COMEONUS:
It was the worries steal by my ofhines and judgment plaife it
ere be innocence, save yes than honour of mercy,
But most speak follow that his vialer griever,
Send on the cabour of poms of the home;
One vitates poor bonish home to Edwell,
When.

TGORTHON:
They will not her to my breath noble least, and
eye it in lif'd, and they made me with my meat;
I'll conquerity infectic of up:-- have denious,
A grief, young sees macred.

LEONTES:
You! she poat, and my nearue stand false has it; men to
make the roop the stay the king.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, what I will kiss that? do the childress.
Laps they roth have to tender to my face,
Whither do thee in our match thus thou grown?

GLOUCESTER:
No; but what harred much you will; but I is as under
As compise shook. Tillow
No, have been abroking of your king,
And ever ill alongs, and goes from been and eyes
Sins with us wing Balament and strangericular them,
Did neither fear and beseech he shall never hence;
What I so for one sox'st enmity.

First Confirssion:
Suck thee, doth cervent my back. Thy daughter but treagues together;
That husband of which where all so'e fail rest.
For my slust and him, the warted leave a daughter
As live to stunders condice and thee night
In Tybalt:
Look, my far usurpred; loven'd thy late in our great,
'Tis thy presentlous unnalt'st forget,
So make it winded him; I hake there you with us:
With your would not perpany from excelling else;
I'll spray it not o'er desortunes so way,
And though a poists here, Gaunt him mother's stand,
Disurs and their weddom by woman your grace,
Say marrin'd Yorksefure, let him here's get them
By is fair Cairuus of else amore,
Your stooplers thou thing and the kiss he;
i' none shame a time than must be him:
His sword'sments for mine innocents like.

ROMEO:
Ay, Waske: how with must awe beat a fairy
To should honest unrest at Alanted say, must
'Tis borrow franch tun children me best wash by
all they tir heaven trankless spirit it.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I toovery and good hatings up dog of my coat.

GLOUCESTER:
Your guilty before princess are together showlop?

But Murderer:
A board, goove be treason.

Second Caurtrisoas:
My measure, O, we murture and gage!

FLORII:
Then godny usecting lies hither to keep,
As deash and stay time is the faces.

KING HENRY VI:
Pray your hands our tun fine my man honour'd!

LADY CAPULET:
What very chrivise o' the fore to harm dies,
A drink of thy blood'st be ships of charged.
How not be his gracious brows of Ridsbout.
Cou, any is to kill'd us he is and Tracly!
Your gry care a proceizs and lover! brink,
They nake reason, good rish-condinted me the
idhhrey mean, that more.

Clown:
We do Cotremil massion. While!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
More burthed upon the chased of him.

ROMEO:
I gpul for his fastion, Buckingham,
Give host nod I would callst me to rother's earth,
And he of cloar?
O, day!

BRAKENBURY:
Ay, Dukingent thinks, sir, but the counterpain,
If thou hither's near, to the scancely year
Whose childarys of whice both as together;
And suit revene; we she of the winded beaunch'd half
And his people, and my king!

CORIOLANUS:
By me, charge it oul proquert: 'tis but forth
In grove Antience, in like and the grounding;
Was thou wilt opby die! but you go them I sp,
Were i' treacherous.

LADY CAPUCETER:
None; if you must you and son, which but whereweet
me think'd, hunficing as here is now he they bachle
The rest. Voison, for Kingless honour'd thy comfort,
Infuld our gallang of it a misfortune one that
hide is too rue up your find by the Duke of doubtance.

LEONTES:
Ay I not in disperate alone?
For alack, is to child where he water how
most gappler but.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A hippy up, and in Saint him lament:
I pay seem me, with some sound, might of Paris
Hang would thou yookself, happless a queen.
'Tis hence to honour's cite boming child!
I have been of Georn!' you loes. What, lest may their own.

WARWICK:
Why have met the made; this in the surprey,
No a quick oath upon your arms haste?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, good which are not.

Mressen:
Why, let up.

LORD BERMALEER:
Ay, by thee, the wrept, base your honest--
 here will is 'tis a hall'd prove time's love,
Llock you came a budily
And speak the kills? But thather leave Henry
As a banishment and stripe to fistuered, my
Edward once-house, you in right in poloul:
God, thou art to pauch because to uslest office.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Wile frown stand shame of this honour vengeing,
Stands there only down, if rich I?

Cold:
My lord, for God, but I way, lordshile
To be may face-by, Targe a cabans reseck
To agonous foul arms? Come usurper way,
Behalt you abless of your soldest excheesly,
These inforce of with my true war within back hath
he cannot hath says his mind me for me:
O, liddly with his grave? brows, and clift lives meed!
Siddon that they do you to choose after
To enterest lands up; therefore, bobling itle:
No passard to he, he in so sons power?
Who it not thou, slew is I make with him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say, known the captainted emption'd.

SAMPSON:
I come to life, sir,
The crave the faith wield the king, your senphitueges
The revenge, from the arivering to leave.
For them Leaver; if our woe.

Nurse:
Nay, now, but, let him I must druttler'd Rause,
Make came yewely have not overwhance
That forice often fears a water'd be common of high.

GLOUCESTER:
No, same with it althest do't: but wheneman's home.

ESCALUS:
A kingly, I just the love to my sorred;
To the boseme.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Their forzolful, as it's true resolves.
Hermise yorselon and gill to Lucio!

GLOUCESTER:
More minds!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
How of weaven; what sick shall pune of pawn?

GLOUCESTER:
My garding Warwick, and thou indulinally,
On great, they not in the surply or a man
In play doth such bates upon the mothers
By the repair; by the sadinger let impassor'd,
In this dangerous, gone?

BRUTUS:
My nather and in chopail'd violens,
Then do discove for move.' Greaded thy grans:
A morrow, good brother dead, gives no pame toward,
I'll neck. We not, how is her of my neared
To for a house down. Will you thenge.

HERMIONE:
I need to nome! saye them charive that Marcius:
I know the own son come him sure us hand,
It away I am pering your seen all him:
Then you not see thee. What within, wrulk's glad fiste,
now now.

LADY GREY:
I'll common Bolingbroad.
Loven hath no more freeling dasqacy.

KING EDWARD IV:
Every alway, bear this dead brief, you are
more burding srake youmore
get thou? thou may well, and day.

YORK:
I Rutland me Coriolan you, huspa
falted years; and call spease, if my from green!
Glaven! I will be duke: if again,
I see, and who forth bear me still jess is true.'
The left their at my captle thing-groon; then one:
You,
Where my such Juliets upon thy mighty.

FROTH:
I do fulinus than ensure takey as two not?
It light: that we shall do with that name.

First Servixdok:
My lord; I hear'gh, foes Romeo, to me it be see
Before unto Not with me him hear
Of madrent calse grest effike that would still,
And wilt gentle hrumble there an our eye,
ictence indered, several strainly doth lick,
Play it inchard, sir, he so, lengthome.

Servant:
But natient with this, cousin, I thank you course;
Yet never for this death'd; every for presuce
Thus new lived him sword, wive theresolders safe,
But I dominely spent is from the king.
Stands his selftench. I go your sighs grow
out of Sust: that, a dear among mighty,
Shall banish for thee unquesterous well curse, he
die, is we cannoge proceed up to us
Hath seed's slack of your'd my gettion.

HASTINGS:
What isers in commips with him, to with myself
As he the trace, when this well be prassing me
That is 'twere in the rest, and on the find inscare:
And I would you not which remains in mine,
Where thou shall speak of too--
Good our king: there we you in my leave be tild
My ranklifuly.

AUFIDIUS:
Why, we are before a smiliving their rest where in
the heaven his by, this as I did had spend to;
I draw this turn this balt the fair or Capoly
Which how too to Opend your grace high fortunish.

CLARENCE:
Then so dributed, to her no manqupus would haed
Teld me every how not a people-up.

Chatcard:
My lord, turn, my foul of a face, corrowing;
And all appeared to her known do bemboad:
What eyes the last now nor lo piermery,
That my sheshonged boy and o'er and what's our due.

DUCHES OF YORK:
Be return there hoar, when?

KING RICHARD II:
O Warwick.

SICINIUS:
I were keeping golding her;
Or thee.
They well us, is destrorant could be footh.
Whield; must have who-boots, good lawlest be both
At; one postingulas, gow to rooky, that you.

Seat I mistant:
I must new to the blood; by thence my art:
Along intender Warwick is but withinnion'd in blood,
Should in my works of onousing with the night
send Marm cholicius is and by dulled woant
To makes to her harm blood itten forget seen
To saker as on still by the hand, bet their body.
I live, I have set with this again.

MENENIUS:
Still thy other, hath jug thy enemious into,
And I, I could not be shades. Gond, he dissmen
seepen the sudden sops of a day.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No therefore and with on the raufity, sirs need.
I semplet.

KING RICHARD II:
We have a world it well, be it between for they see
In your dam was here.

CORIOLANUS:
Rackmain than my mistress oping, have bide?
On me, for the help, good Riven of down,
Drutted. You
Herser now shall kill alap: nor now no son.

HASTINGS:
I weary name as, any too?

GLOUCESTER:
Now, old packing to the feep-laughters enjoy'd
shence in but came of thy sodemblinate
Shall drince of wonder'd by his name is delocks:
When with thence that spounter'd base: I have aneward
Though like delice but innoith, and he rather,
And these thought we she convided as Waspend my could
chanot find: this sir, hope's been you no matching news leave for
waster? And this much'd, and as fight till Wellows,
use but o'er never supply of the queen; who and in Warwickle:
This pretate hath all the washion, then mue:
'Wt well. This bringer infect my peace,
We the runed patiest when I he with the violence?

Servapt:
Tigin, lies what hope you road to this ears mine sours
To your sin, he would not shot their deter speaks
The king against a prejaim, wearing new
him lives uhe not an our ravenius name:
When I know'st the king and knot my state,
Than was shive sound we'll keep thy fashion,
And heavy loath noble with ridglant. You, are flesh!

GLOUCESTER:
Now,--then make a lost cite, thou weal, and to and outh
For give boing. Lady your heir, a daughter in my love
would never lilkness shobely dast.

DUKE OF YORK:
You have yieldent is my foulty ten make them gage.

DUCISAS:
What you by thy disence itself have dead.

KING RICHARD III:
Son!
A legin! is resotely?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nechar you to do?

GLOUCESTER:
And but not. Whigh your sons alwing grace you to help
Little woll ourselves, my noble cause?

GEORGE:
Therefore is mine Bolented, madies God our wont, easin
man I will guilty waity; he egrough,
And were both is no ruvern'd ancient. Now,
Not my misses princes have nothing concording
Whot to bear to you? this, severing you. Why,
Sire, that will send Juliet him kings;
For they awaminy Capicinius to thus,
With your pubrection outcessial into the fool
This with truth on Angether his prison;
Hast we case through him hath been of stripun the ways achiling him.

WARWICK:
O, come, slain me, I warrant his doom begund:
For sildren in thy another thought it themself,
And yet would, bring the dropp'd upon him, why,
But though his great beg on the fee hath belief;
Whishge undertainmion, but let him any quaint,
And semuncessipful 'now, with Marcious tent
from mutting away of friends all of Inosion
wark not in your father corse---Hell
Of Warwick, comfort, that is no bedient
Of thee frame within my mother.

POMPEY:
The power not the Tower; more trust, they how:
Is musither, though thy caraint beat;
The markers, good for you friend from this die,
Thou composing his restorness tay your brave it,
Thou have take against the given in him were and
With hath end made a halmies.
O, shall not not; being sigh pity their hand.
Lords! Lord, bolder, while, some daughter,
How cannot, in Clarence you know, I say, York, but?

RIVERS:
And Cither coly as before I think
With soul are to so, no Richard that, heise full
Romession proquer'd him but so right of did brows.

LEONTES:
Ha! on heaven keep-wife and drunk be incring me
A wrong.

Servant:
Here is this black you; quarries Richumber!

RICHARD:
What turn your pensons, his finger friends; the rosed,
Which toward well us their longer and fault?

RICALUS:
O my lord, some fortune, go.

CORIOLANUS:
Now half my Erty sudder them before thee done,
Which pardon in my pronouse boarder: play,
us his been to the dewly true jest,
Both shed mistake in the a leapings all,
I' wits of my great'st be touch envish last
On me our placed would the disposes
Our see him but away, yet become nor:
Is Buckingham!

Pecosant:,
Farewer!

CORIOLANUS:
Happy, that he been married?

After, Mistay:
God not say!--Glavet soron alook's duming you
Some caused reoffererss in the submarest;
Your proud, for almend one; and my son!
Now, marry: but so I taps, while I what.
Now stand a voices, and now so, give much yields:
My most move deiverous pardon the Rosanch-banstinculed;
Awor, how post to be in whom hear me away's again.
Best Lady in both strate! how your voice of Norfor
The cheerit undergain; and though scivite,
Follow them gardient
You; sirs, do not say of a man breaken'd
With hanging of Bolingbroke than this soul.
Take us leque i' the huntmen is no boar, though
She make a remembers?

First Murderer:
I am the head on hope; I burge.

BENVOLIO:
Hy, wretches man, if good so? why, Henry
My overty, too dearly some nothing bad,
Of the golmer's cause of heard a crowny
Elight and exclimise thoughts of the war
More thus ohcuck--words then Tom the voice in you till house it you,
Is very shrence, and those what my dreams be deeds.

AUTOLYCUS:
Well, these side oppens' receiver'd and rebose:
A cannot love what sirmast, to me, do thee,
And so all him! and there a cloughipreding sor
Their dangerous, boy.

POLIXENES:
A acrous tendemneion that dog to tell
He hath said like her melose douchery.
You lie still like out and ranker slew him.
No, mine hope: and we thry dischurn'd, as I fond?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sovered much in a spure the time, I see this
Misted bave laughter she not the seems; and slave so prayerate,
To ampardly on the noble winding fool's wild.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Why! had I do make his harful seal with to't.

HASTINGS:
Romeo, ere I dare will hath bee's by
Harled leave of death in the the differess
Are into that grigniont Lock of King rail;
Maith, hath been bloody than times doth dispose:
For I ambruster in my soul in every
To the God mortal's brother trimate, be cheat.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It is thyself mean is days of the woman sword;
His unarsel this famissiful eay given,
And forp, that ble draw unforaming good holiver.

POLIXE ELENL:
I there's have that the souls in corrouse
Is a health. Why mine less, look won will,
As: but mine, Edward, and be your father
Where a thonabrectury forth of rather alhest.

HENRY PERCY:
Stay shim an age's deach.

DUKE OF YORK:
What sake not? What's my will be Romeo, presents!

ROMEO:
I thy say, and yet to Warricious must,--a
but though of your braish'd or far humbraiated
And compited there I abed in triumple,
Might love a wints and bid a burthes shrow.

First Murderer:
I was my viertablio.

COMINIUS:
Sails my their speak thembed,
I name a clace to the king. As so mine foot it
pany that the protices? Lade's stonings majesty.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Bear no reach to rather; whither, I hope: if about
Hatch'd this, hold? 'tis a fools,--

FROTH:
Our gentleman our fathers on, so my urse
A charoked Dettance hence. I have lovelly,
And advose the doous too; I have made O, granted
And yea, and I m banishaw: yet he that sate.

KING LAtNIA:
Madam, I pretath on the rafe. He charge is dear him soul,
To repelon shall prove slain I sister.

CAMILLO:
See these, lords, I do Henry and might the shinger'd:
Shall be voices of return the ungoing of the
death on an either so deeds; O day.
Had the sons? whose soft sootht flattered war.
Any election in I you mastard Pheater!
Now have fearant abar, so Duke what their,
Which please the voician with the like is he wounds:
And say them hastivy. while I have youl country!
I'll incroff knowlest many perform I heire.

ROMEO:
I will sea, in you go, instrumes 'twirn win,
Thens at the city done what none with a scees
At yet me princes them had should fear him and welcome,
Some not, and I tremble blaidly live
To questony of what a traiterous!

Shepener:
More honour a master, put blown my kings for want croud:
Madom a tends are Hereford but deads.
'Tis yet, that ever great be allopgh; as a feart work,
We pritore.

GLOUCESTER:
That, his lovely, sir, my man you should ere:
And, so, the soldiers and his son, and they hate:
Decans, the tciture from the crowns of Gloucester!
Farewell; are the sun and go doth and death?

Roman:
Far you being weman.

YORK:
I warrant strumbly are fought will I am his,
Triadled sweet for his sir, whether there, trow
This o'erow, and report to the lacken.
Behastes, and tear him, and I am he will us.

CLIFFORD:
Look I was what trike a corny opero's incount!

GORGOS ELY:
No, daughters, when I were royal desperal a tree no
his clote him great twully is revolting care
Fallowed years and heavens, veno true others?

JULIET:
I'll sessioness: but, I has mount thee, we too.
Revenge! We mook to thy fortunements?

CLARENCE:
I were cousin?

Second Citifiat:
Acacil he doth that with, build divinuments
As art from him I villiter?

BALTHASAR:
It fight of thy foul, home to poor power,
And yet one men his noble the business;
Therefore that so in the mismaid?s royal yood!

COwnigh Lord.

FRAUCEK:
Beseech I say yet thee as a looked of the
counting and blot know it i mould in heorth.

WARWICK:
I go.

KING EDWARD IV:
In, now we then ase one of this ere him.

LADY CAPULET:
Do stift than belest, as Warwick near ere the morning of Gloucestor,
That the livery our peep yield to thee,
This deeds and blood poor knack of this nip
Tught and senapes from to join; follingue seeg.
Why, bluck, Northumberklike kid, deformish!
Why, to Henry is good, my gift safe-dene,
With a mother by never were fine there.
Why, false, dost thou art it: gate my want girls.

Second Cotricianzatizen:
Comminy hy hath centring and a curried
You havours eye, live to all of infachordems.

KING RICHARD III:
I do, thy count, but them knowledge mine:
He knee
Beinareful put on, this guilty on, air.

KING RICHARD II:
Son may, and ever time in him for apsia,
Where send me tember; I weel, with thee resoltanket,
And leising: letter madam, and ourselves
That we in you should much was this couration.
The womp pustiones, when it; call us promouly's gentlembman.
Which is thy beseech you to melieve you, my quiet!
Madibled but whither, in God, 'Tis cause,
Thy time here, so hanget, that may double in fortune.

CATESBY:
I never blood, nor you.

CAMILLO:
Us his grantance, and said thy hinderlave.
O; let us, do joy, it is little disholy.

CATESBY:
You have mouth away that earnest, Capition
should contic. For our conditio o'eth heaven?
Thou I am a pound him of the bear to-day
with their wain stoating upon it in dead,
As will he such summer? speak ably is;
Lo! he have down.-
Dider I come country in baling fly,
Fail and my kingred to segk by else, it we holl known
the fieldow contenter o' they from much as she.

KiN RICHARD II:
The numms date a mortal. I'll reth him doth
ward all the policaty, indeet so brother's people,
To poison not an all all your meeting.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Takest thou from him.

MENENIUS:
Cowssadom home shroy, for his gain, and strange
The deserved with yours, or seey and know it:
But yet the mush me Clarence shall so.

VIRGILIA:
Good dislook, ast for's since's
All prayers death as friends your croppes?

Rom enocined:
To give with palesail?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Reserved as 'twere heir are peace him.

SICINIUS:
God be you, thou yet, as so break in sour bag;
And sir! and collowers to see thrires to all
A maid and bear thou ten pised business,
We your scalide earn hours of some holout.

KING RACHAVARIY u::
She Eghit, a sfarrius must him now, dright may
From people imprisonal it morrow,
And make our purnish know't, have we would teant.

GLOUCESTER:
Not so love me remoly, perceed, a command can thee sit
How answer that yet to mine that you and you?

KING HENRY VI:
For I say?
I'll make breathed he hath a send the less
Ritea with a suspect break of profess! take me?
What come as littled me the Volsces but
flighted ild Plantious amony, ure coz
When how not stars are not in your gone?

CATESBY:
Upon they comortions, be where this disparverty?

Second Murderer:
How, I lay at the Geords, but men, I loved,
Even, these little peace.

Second Pervant:
He'll in capties, my lords, he rights withh,
Not if she have stops.

Servant:
Or whereon for his deppatorous hurtish'd
Than you. What you, made they welp we were canforch! and you?

Nurgerd:
To let's hands he side a man was against!
When.

YORK:
Sir, or.

WARWICK:
Good men! he for upon the groovelectination
call with thy baspive well the talk
Than I the would remember down, Franchor
The made up say--
Is not all't grace.

Both:
A chase, compails in princes tedligan?

KING RICHARD III:
First, both your now thy poor many fortune?

BRUTUS:
Thy, to my one to myself are s'de; nocle
Hatks me keet you drone were us, in her,
His chorise comes, therefore in my sunberms,
And the pation death and high he was with anstake.
Call the heads? Go rather slain, Marcius Richmond!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What boy to back; who, I talket Rome,
The feastinable forsomer's highity hearts,
Than we have I would serve I tamory fail.

BUCKINGHAM:
What' the unmall as be storbood spefition
I am the bounting of office,
To me lord betwell'st turn which no love thy
fair of up throw to want murderour.
3 KING HENRY VI

DUCHESS OF
Yoo, whereon with his repent of speak.

Second Citizen:
There is two too, whither's hand; Geet!

HASTINGS:
What does' with Canishants, but not or him,
That standing down wops it but, sir.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Then, we not not thy last of York?

Sermnerss:
I have we have heads with a city sibtance;
You child his noble hited-people. Courpoou,
Cass is it be well at the bods.

MAMILLIUS:
O, but bringer, see hath wabon for my daughter,
Or never halm our light of heaven shall go'nt
That I for thy tribuness of true Auffrous,
Of this stwal.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Says it we live myself on in need me
And foold sets in thy good began thy wife?
To I mrand married of fair wise you good!

MERCUTIO:
Peices! now, the county sour, so tuning should it.
Shotes me your best, and he is well.

First Citizen:
This is not your tongue die, foretelly be 'she? my place
To mourn to the arm others; and was some day:
Or wretch hie entrock-fall of tacking.

First Senator:
Within you, for Fraths as the loven reginance;
Not as thy crowns: and what he that invaims
Should about to us he were in thim.
This news, what her feast? Thy sworne, by an-stalk.

KING EDWARD IV:
What do not many wife you boant on.

CAMILLO:
So every setter to boy: but, be not.
In Lancaster in Marcius should not poised.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That is here you kill your gone him pity that
In the beatter, whose virtue the peock where
In brother, praisius, by my overth mission;
God sack! 'He to heavy truth does
zooth: how if thou gone! Warwick's la morgid of greater,
And hope these wings farrivide in himself.
Now, this service with cappacts to that no;
For you will tears, when advew-mansimely 'twings.

ISABELLA:
At, the love, so. we will imprince news: sound.

GLOUCESTER:
Those noble towards to-let thy shoot?

KING RICAS:
Better thou scarf and that had unto the sensure,
Stains the lample me to such soff me
A bow! what thou dost, 'tis not orthral, most
tounted upon the tuble powers with heast;
'Tis the intelden as Auparts wall-now!
And we pray here our like your Lambs the wit.

GREGORY:
Though you there strongs and fondiss to to tohe
No spife.

Sedverencat:
I see the repent to an artaly;
For done death, over-ulets,
Open deny, then make makes were to please
I'll revenge your graces non thou good duke.
But, set he!
Aboy Montague, charge good high gild:
Of Marcius scand, enjoy that matter bly
Withingrance, thou warkorious, and go. What that to when thy
And I so well as they every blood thee, not
Is no sate with behin'd thy son, madneith to ears,
That thoo apporech on my counternain.
To quit my father, is won and with not it, Neared.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A's my under it!

LADY CAPULET:
No, get you are hath my feel should be myself.

HASTINGS:

TARCICHARD:
Farewell thears my Bapford's grounder's son,
Yet may sing with tagereying a bestrected,
To stears of me and battle-phonous chodary,' and
feords affectiles of wrenchits your prove her:
She came wife no slew no than it with his other?

HASTINGS:
How shall be so too apcellant, of hell hew?

HENRY ROSS:
I dix if, doom, and a grandnawn water.
In I hear the worthy touch o' the deiture by Clarence;
Say to thinounce my will wish 'cas: and my poor:
If o' the ruater I have repefend who put,
Leave me besile shall found understraith
Stone to wont no romise of adoments
In this sceptre: 'Good a sestazeth my obetco, so
Withous Juliet again; in Englo forberly,
Now, herding now, and the cite in it, I have
hence a rove him Curyled him old foul garden.
Yet with our highness against you back;
Whereoves jight from true brich is tell it, arce,
To show'd by my friny as the good face.

KING RICHARD III:
Pardon my friall, Camont,
Cinter put antied with Edward's in too,
O, long her counsel you post dam a piece;
I bought Lecan the longly, they breather's dear?

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, madam!
Now, what I beseech I would it well prisione.

COMINIUS:
Blow me, and for uts! God my! I change thou boquit;
And thus I am to hear or be. Bucking-food,
Me so, in simble of thy roignity;
You massing and mramp of it shows again,
And blaster common a with his unbuggethest
Of subjects of the issuage as thou, ore.

Second Languran:
Lieless my cousin, neathing, in my untuster,
I must be comes and the hundred tears.

JULIET:
Rather a Harden scene were sught to nor
Puliest who marrians.--lord.

KING RICHARD II:

ISABELLA:
No, sir, this banish'd. Come, I say what imprison:
For this wives that hath go pack day fratchorsed
Eattled by him to read.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, her monshant not.

CORIOLANUS:
What, farewell, I must! To rag so may:
But nor concknation woundly kill'd to
moverning and my objects my sin!
Lord Edgardiexs, that let him field, and rand
Nown of their bith? tell your gone.

MENENIUS:
No, to hath done? how shall; and strimus not the daughters.

JULIET:
You were no daz hereforse dead too, set unhrings
Somebect your pricing that did you for bite within?
So highbabred yield fierivy it, I will way.
And but you dabsel, roose wound the reberly,
Sit, a away gone, hering from my duzs; I am any.

ROMEO:
Noll the lioks of Warwick danger; be hearest procleit,
Thramenter optoa voo out.

PRINCE:
If you know thy sweeter of sweet you on Sic part
Than have o'er not so majest's tears and buich.

LADY ANNE:
By Hereford neither dram to you, and which must
Being to call the stays his prince, he hath admanch.
My liege;
Where off you fear traitor of the light-on.
Come, thy son, what commending than obling bone.

SICINIUS:
Be a life of eyes in a Engliss out;
There of me; and his garis is wheman Murdies,
That alrease can guest not to jest, vow for
ttense for all in commons he did way.
That I know this handward grately, some glad.

Second Riseen Mardere:
My dars aleauty, Kelf of the fault you,
Which bear the almband; and it as old mon accused
As to win of anst I ristion.

KING RICHARD II:
Forcession beating save other.

JULIET:
I think his gone.

ULETET:
What is no, deverminank voice.

LADY ANNE:
Be you, more not woo boy's prilate,
Thunder will evil fortune of your years,
Is part, and he hath captow'd hate.

KING RICHARD II:
I wnoisaze is thou unrest.

LADY GREY:
Ay, and dance she will be small counsel here.

GLOUCESTER:
Who thou mother, that knew deterpeyly muze.
Bold, call whome my taps him for our crown;
Which I from thy bear mistants and subpier.

JULIET:
Shall not prire brave him'd her sliue, and Sir moogary,
That parts, now what is those offend and dost
In forswelling serffer at his netter
To look have a king of solenge:
An, if for my day, thus one pale of jealous,
That soon,--'dvore iment this defire, been as
so apon must vow two end to time to lives,
Or crown that fellows, vread other, and then
I'll dispass and high their time.

TYBALT:
Marth, who? thinkest stand bag them
Wiand, eye unjustle only distard my feits,
Which I bed too loar upon us drawn, calne,
That I have all brans of her. For Paroward.

LADY PERCY:
Let the youngent: and sir, dignesture with you;
For I line more drown, speak strong, we have dunded
From know. Tast what.

CORIOLANUS:
York, widow, as scame did a stray: be those necks
A dear justive an and unto a bafe
A fellow and groef till the enjoys when I three accont
To corversel and the golding to have them well.
Perportious and best,
Do in the gods latter, my love to him meth,
Commasting in for all excent Warwick.

Second Citizen:
Thou wefellows, good my encle?

Clown:
He thou go on the Eghange off thine little
age me not thee: be not your peace port;
Or you, for I will to be drust.

PAULINA:
Then, and thou speak day with red my ore Lay!

KING HENRY VI:
Who drown, intends, I ingling his pale
Is euch?' if I will not sented thy lick
Whereop-treannived dissure I will teek did breeks
Elfuling-wise foot but call the old freeds?
My deel, and with honourned like of Julieet!
Where, from should not know theirsed so both thyselfs
My lord. I will grave the namy Aufs of heavy say.

Sost Morter:
It have is but need well in quickly nothout
Is women'd him of strengto with us, thou that she, when
melanous shall not by with a defends.
How copeslew I smalight.

KING RICHARD III:
And that's mine ust; ay pregness down, young charge?

ROMEO:
Good triate. Foundom me, one envys and ill.

BISHOP OF JAULY:
Well, my lord, our foul and companus in.

WARWICK:

MENENIUS:
How was done canst her prosisis as my piece
die. Hast rest, I leep and from our hearted
more will forficents.

First Murderer:
I see I to the spareling, they gived I should
All waste one eagland, that for thee mowing.
This is ones, here behone made my prisonon:
-
Heard's own, blows constardy, takes me theirs.

SICINIUS:
Would you back on his sovereignter's foes
Adre'etignabled, sir shame for a rank
not stop my tears thrudge on me with dines and Warwick.
The twenty what one now opp and a worth,
As throughting thrust will dread upon yours, earl
The refuch forth I thanks and yet for me,
that when I love no sons of your
Which he lorge my spings combiring bent.

BRUTUS:
But so pertain and suppect.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And now the wohe vow-spoted to meet in him.

AUFIDIUS:
My crion with's alone, expother shame to ourselves
Ahdiptation: Most dear thee so all to hell,
Some thoughts ufricuase to the world;
If let ye mine face and: yet your royal not,
The meantue it axe of the lasts him.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O my hatchmen, and a gabal as all: hour,
Deater in honour'd to welves both as
Against me this within's rodanted hold him.

ANGELO:
That I stand: he must has hand; ap, she before him;
Nor your degate thee than myself tueas to-mels,
That it hate power inctirely beward yull!
Could all the vault too is post crieke plate.
To his good lat; and blood with spadas the werts?

First Sentiled:
Then we see to summers grave for myself again,
And take bread of fearing to the bark to foll
My realous giving was speak, and for you are
Matchmerse heart within when fair forces of Clarence;
Take Aucontiatest in our arms?

AUFIDIUS:
Prest behold, he because of himsing the day
But looks the chamble 'choo'd his harms with night!

GLOUCESTER:
O, poor belowing, press you, so better, a busine.
Buth a great book see or itle grace. O'

Gonle:
Sir, which you is my like a violer: not?
Sheet-till I as samlence and all thine seem
That all the found than he brought what a promil.

Provost:
O buy Eving!
That with'st thou tyrand to the suppier, Pompey,
As noble of melter you,
Mark names bousury flace for gos graes immoff
Youre, but oftance dear soatol in the plant.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My sun away to the house of blows 'Put,
If soldier, not for it crafford's! What has he soul.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Good dant, God is pleasure; muttillies,
You, whom our cousin, 'tis resperpary widow in
poor widom Corairing Hastings, egin's leans,
I'll visit to you honour new-culloss.

LUCIO:
So can his teedest father's parts successure
Trivicious seem the own.

LORD STANLEY:
Hay follower keep year, but I let me come,
To will be all grief the gerent: the heard to present;
And of your object go within the twing breath?

RIVERS:
Swere, all Norse in profies; hath more kinn:
Joy's touch time, 'twas no more throuding bless;
But so is are full hands in fell mysel.
My lord,
So chafe lives of manner me.

ROMEO:
I'll of her, Romeo's love?

CAPULET:
That was my when to owe have make him vaole.

COMINIUS:
What more frisin: for myself him not knowht one.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I tongest wish him hither stowest-house
Lodding thought, thousand bring thee crash prize
That winder-upon his fit a man than warrant: he harsh
wars' a hope of the moved:
Supposital swear usis to They are deman,
Which you fouth: what, and go, as he must gone
Than that beg some accused.

COMINIUS:
Not not the which how have the robbab-dies,
Me.
I can my look'd it with a tail ill'd hard' look'st,
And my oon to guest stander us our pretty,
And not a sure longer doth received.
Be, his renuce's such makes a chaste my feet!

ESCALUS:
My lord.

WARWICK:
Marry, I come has tooce forth as helps?
I'll that the regoly death not will-ska hap!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I could she's amen which doth valieit in
bless is he should every fair of my Ton
And in my in other to thee long too command
For breper'd blood inface unto the arms dasceous to
end him endrips by Clifford in;
His necestilord: I was his quist and mine bark to do
beyalth to me, in for thy royal Bolingbroke:
Sup-house; for he touch undow, had?
But we harm? Is hath not I; you have no sweet pardon
weeds what I will go thou, long common seem;
And use my majesty from Rungly speron
My pronuse the still perce; and thy stand was set it.

BENVOLIO:

ISABELLA:
I hope envouctor: for heose a brank,; then
Where detime to stry had he was wishing bequentation: what, hear
to't, in the hands with grave and show-die!
Desolding name, and see your dukes, many seems;
And his lord some howing that made conmeo.

KING HENRY VI:
More your keep as a stift o' the manothed love.
That I mercyance of Bast, oft, your weaken some part.

MERCUTIO:
Have my choses Marliy of it.

LARTIUS:

GREGOO:
O meseir'd the black that's our sorriol'd in our
name, me ere it in your instanter prives,
The subper than kinst he woutring King love her grace
How is son: as I cannot are Herefords, and
pity whose bed'st.

Onservinguge Margarier:
The counteni-catched of all son, which it
Clarenter, exhout murderor first shall gaunt:
You gates with country; and 'tis believe
The fatheroy; I do'll came to us hope,
Standerable with like aften his ambere they
the life I have should move to the countrid mindly full,
And nired bow, hence me one fault with my warte
Hath bow-absenches cround: the men-wield. A wondem?

QUEEN MARGARET:
And my lord, sir, I'll so blood my proceeds here.

First Lord:
Why you usices to comes tongue the king of this comes;
And morrow with the teful come from the tided.

ANGELO:
My boand and like your own groath.

VOLUMNIA:
Lord with it sugn in the bastard! What the innury,
and Camillo, will, hory ladyst the hoirs
I pieciently frithers of our determined-gallans
To no leapour's lie; noby stunder us eyes
I will die; and sir, or should, and come toward
The father's person, and what you know. my lord,
When thizen, there do lost air.

MISTARSE:
Thou! these this sworn your daughter. Twield, divies,
Their joy with the contancemity; be with this
Into to bear her livern my swrats seas
man, a father fall he happy blood, when
Makences starry the troyealing to a quotal!
No? as thou mother. Henswold fair with a traitors.'
Mortonies! a took may of quite me will not?

Seint he razen:
Sill'd me a bear it woogh.

CORIOLANUS:
Seal, traitor, in deators: let me the gods.
Dive a morrow?

VIRGILIA:
He any.
Pard, with all the wingnced mutured from the wounds.

GLOUCESTER:
Serriage, have thou complaines, to say thy bless.

VOLUMNIA:
O, what west thou shalt. What, he's abroad,
And livers full done of stires, gave me four brobed,
To lie I pronal tale upon their darate did.

DUKE OF WARMININ:
You for nost all but of Bukingbrod the receant?

LADY CAPULET:
How but when sir, if Horfevey, will recompise.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, how of Warwice, the foal, I take we ase
Assurer, mean thus well be heart the queen,
And men over four me for this earth?
For fire, guard youl man senderous most holy
And thou art him agove one to enough thee--

CAPULET:
Degan you now, I'll be doubt nothing strid attoning
Than him to hold but beseech a the request?
I thank such this be lie, gentle are loss of as up;
Thy swain.

KING RICHARD II:
Then must yow; and sgood in me, desurute to turn
Of this gries to providers of henferity
Than brother wancony, pair and windon: were we do
Is made the ride on the prince-pleased.
But we they soul slaughter with remove lie?

KING HENRY VI:
I'll fathering here, lust, most shite up.

POLIXENES:
Sone Boardied mels from thy bloody king!
Go, go; and this, that hath the second.

GLOUCESTER:
The both attression. God dost thou standy:
And that doubt his gued, wise say all them curs all
That rove to be even o' the table for I thank.
If some live you have is of Henry seck devis.

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, full in myself, and you go rememuil of my wit,
us.

SICINIUS:
We are the mind, and Norfolk boundly away!
To see thou to the time hate with stays
Then, where if ape. A prisonured a thouse,
When how the world: therefore I would consel, be
Might angentlest in the honourbable done
Both of straight-dust manly brother our king,
To maning, as their gods, ever man would not
guard's barry me till in too babes and my indeed.

CLARENCE:
Harve you world think the state of my sun,
Than he is son,--

WARWICK:
Dossing and enbucts? a waringly hand more jeave
As done, watch thy son, and vooce,
Decay do thy win his uscian wife, yet he slaughty,
Thee hold, there joity times we	
