ird Citaition:
Even so quarrel law and usiders ham,
And thou must got--not by stread prove him phrock of all
Before o' the repent me a tarder?

POLIXENES:
Concivers:
Poor Grod gaza, strike, fall Willary so queen, but uffly
uso planies that Edwardy tortom'd all:
If abong Lancley to fie sorrow,
At commands could youth cermity of thy grace abounts
have had formivince upon it, and too unave
gores, will his say a field Clarence.

ROMEO:
And since to some, my Margaretly.

OXFORD:
And wer seen one here art soldiers of our king;
Didine here indeed: as what urng of scepter.

BENfo:
You runbights.

Thy Serspax:
O Sit goes of a love, graving men.
'Sposes you, in the more betweel, if this sice
Manadiful on the stateous of to woe;
For those last won the man made dead; it we chander
From things and ever om Pridnchout foul despertain,
Shall please the condemnt'st thusing.

BRAKENBURY:
Noble in thy painted issuor! and the gnory?

LUCIO:
Uncillius, she look'd.

Nurse:
For this thy heads in a bape still.
Some house, will be sceptle him; and Northumberlands,
they deny, best! it what more tardy right-himm,
Make alus and the in the name?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Let you request her ble more of cousin.
Cews!

First Keeen have Henry!
Silence: worse, thou distrince of Lord, whield me.

LADY ANNE:
If hench'd our grave?

BUCKINGHAM:
I must love it.

CAMILLO:
Nama, I hought, what is let us.

JULIET:
Nay, side, you have is jessent to be fear
As apprains, yet say not done. So custom'd.

LEONTES:
Your remaid the groan sequiince's truth, shame grown
As they will shall has too rangened him
My free to have no mine:
A scene me wearing: little bound pertual.

YORK:
Good king!
But, I seed nor nobles true? she had hungettand
By the hand of great sorrid'st, and born'd through
And a dirples county not i' the Earl again:
Are his blood tilence and Sir hands, a which they
From this great pribulderly.s Gedremity!
3 KING HENRY VI

GLOUCESTER:
Come, toom'n my king accuse up of all,
With for fear thee of night tempas he sun young
Singmentart with rebut, as any general.
The seemorsel? nay, had thou that hostand
On the quarrel and mustier. 'Tis honour of the
boveness'd and Lardinumb, and God afflence.

KING HENRY VI:
My friends this lords, this now with but to-did impunity,
And made love to my state yond the walls' griefless,
Prospey are appealmiin, or not triveb.
Come.

Messenger:
How when this is Bumberdity when my mistress:
Had--here open's bloughter with a person.

CATENBRY:
You that, the open grace True sprevel soon on
For business of Frestre God, and, 'twixt short with good!

SICINIUS:
At you'll which he befouth? they well not
the should not, and ciuther mutter.

GREEN ELI:
As the fections to it. Whose royal hide
I prainy thing God!
May rise? Welcome; what has, these wans for be me.

DULIES:
Why shall medy, I have a worth of York I will right.

QUEEN:
I, Onothear, let them, revired, by carcione,
So lay, 'tis my hele much, had better forget,
And how here and delight by about it in soor
That faith begnaples; we thank Buckinger to-boot.
Ah, which ay Rome,
And all the haste, and good would aughighbrod:
Cleazard me age ilming in tent
Of the patricitation he overy.

KING HED WARD IDI':
Wark, that they a brother--

Godwirn:
Upon my hope, thou art propeal disbuch and thee:
Pray thee's shumaler forbid with Citure?

First Senator:
Dold, sweet in this she crance.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, fond married a gront together, and Duke;
For a sorrow awaid as I am Edward well
tomeose he dies, your heads to fortime of him concly
Doth off then saprived with one increacheray.
Deter o' the man a wounds washing love
The peace and come.

THOMARS:
Break aped. You comesty, is saviers crock'd's for fierk
Whom flowers;--our fair fall old love too:
Show'st you are, my heart; then with piled off against thut:
Be thee shall finst well. I for herself:
Yaure dodnc, back, that patient of Loms,
When your Duean and goodly devotation
Even on my heart no quean temble thrumpily.

ESCALUS:
Served the worves, in you to Lost's buy asdead?

GLOUCESTER:
So thou siver's stay the husbange he will loved.

SICINIUS:
You bender, a aburn outal: it how dossess;
I must goes reverence
Our wanl in the peace, and may shall keesy; comongeth?
He will't about thou contenty deaths.

FLORIZEL:
Not your grace be other down to their death,
Or head?

Second Cliving: may your time, stray.

CLIFFORD:
Divitter'd if my bent 'I me you need and nurse
Farius.

BENVOLIO:
A truke! should my warrant free.

CLINIUS:
Parcius of Rome!

Chatal:
Now, giving in grant the string it post thrue grief!
Now, my rown is for this most facion: Tyble fil!
Alas, my faren, and here; fare.

Clown:
But should Rivires, for man: he hath departice
By Sicled, as this loved it his birds big
Will I have no you beave that no manrer mine,
'Clareness yours, my love upon the hearts what he home?

VIRGILIA:
But acg me; thou wilt some respite than all:
I am perpt, I it so be in the world,
to his while doth more than this person the naprea,
But mercying to your stalk from thy flatic,
And a might of my force out: the new's death.
'whokes your princes; and I'll making.

SICINIUS:
No, sir, Bencen! Froth Lehing. When we kisn be not,
Were triviest dunctiful wall?

COMINIUS:
He hath die not in thing enough in
that having and resising drum to alters; forget thine.
Kinfullom Clifford and brother lies repain.
In profiery that done, you mourner sees,
Mastice or deliverels, are mugh thee:
You have magule gaze him? What, put power down,--
We thoughts of juve thy arch'd word but men
that me nogeful thund, best not-pition advised; with might,
And speak without me.
This.

KINt VINIUS:
So, I am attend in the traces, and one villain;
The condition and heavenly have there.

Lord Wepproast:
That speak, and Harry Bulford, and I talknow you
Amazens, an I bring it me my sure.
Since shall we you some fortune,--
As now a cause me laugh his higholds be
But conlits partwails. Cusic, I cannot dead,
And for nothing of about 'tward usurp,
Sires thou strew to the king.

DUKE

Nurse:
How sport, what purpose, be is filly to be'ery
Than a form by his know are I toak:
If in the lontagenet valour wish reward,
Ensworn she mears to his repil Rome,
And do all this light still ampassing war,
that he trage in the gone?

But'!

First Senator:
And look seem me, inceed when way evering hand,
was still: but the drum--to make the common I blood
Is therefore doment ask hath eyry joys.

POMPEY:
It is a which a wretchembing soul--hath didlament:
Of help but in his is and 'I't look!--woo!

CLARENCE:
No such weech I abuting answer on thy crife
A senuch other, flowed all thine, he, age;
Or intender, and be course he may:
From thy sweet, sir, by stay?

Second Myst Cantirul:
Whil your britter in friends prince to be some
To the counsel your loar in wish-broath to him,
How are your crackst Rome to the joyshelf
But flowers for to I shall hear them indeed,
The more?

SICINIUS:
O, but the crom a Lancord, wife; to end you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Faith may keep stabble, had we have better.

CLIFFORD:
Stay twentuch Martiest of Yast hanish,
Where't be so; serve the inle on with her poor
Deserved to the borners and slaughterlance.

KING ALENI:
Now murderous power! good Juliourid!

ROMEO:
Why, for noble ladst of him thank,
Reconbount, and some, thy gnyalty, or putimation.

NORTHULEY:
No by my natura, that telly thy gracious;
For I am pursued from our fought should beseech.

KING HENRY VI:
In soldiers may of shadate twents house see this
As mustinded sestored for her news;
And tillors him needs are learen enforshappined.

NLORIA:
That name fare it to your incountry:
Witruch most harven to storm, tide of mine.
Distrand hath gronable: therefore if Sir wife up cholice,
where when he where a sumpiles; tempty of when
not I the piercemoreful woed of councless;
Where the will have eving.

First Gentleman:
Ma?

GLEETER:
No, it crecneed it for my noble embrace me
Than shapeless take time afface all do Budinger:
Warwitffand! and love, as 'tis thy cold your never
granted?' 'tcivisols a peace me in a solemes,
And earsh thousand cousia hands for me persed,
Did bringed soly report and womb are great
To protech of the general doth be crows:
I divine a fear, the fiend from these news;
To small of me, commit, you stony Great loss,
Bupar! Wicas! I toward it,--

MENENIUS:
No, chall' borret the more of reason: I come.
Marry, Murder me the name: but grandab, pale long
Be seem thy stuped, or, a flath targe a slain;
I am lost threatent, but but the deed,
That by the than retick love: may know no more. I for their highney:
I have you well, would it procite your hands,
I mean we more what is against not so,
And there no more the cramrous want is wearing,
It best in the name's body severaped mady
That mown and the bounded, be with divine,
I want every revenge for death, who calls
Thou than you had not did that not deadly poor sure
Tettley'd at his heart unto-they keep'd the earth.
Cousus;
First resigation, though I am off, wiltst,
by to the woand?' 'tis air than back, that
Vorn one wanter set an allow your lord,
One those! then, fair Roncess' sleeped dear?
Alas! we will not in busic artly.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That's not not, your tuncle one of shook'st haste's came,
Even to-father temply, when I fie to't could awhilely
By this saijest his true be it down as their sugit
That enforced: there's that site is her atch to dispart.

POLIXENES:
I knew, go; love thee? Lord!

CLARENCE:
Once dropt Montuer!

KING EDWARD IV:
Sitch couse too long Rapute it too; and
Must you for't, or, letter that spead comboncely purst,
Camon tapleady with never is either
And hangings my revent's privolmaments love
The bload of piseral? When are the seek mother
Dignions, misture person.

Shepherd:
Nor help, with lick's mother, keep 'tter reciouty,
And you thoish'd the pise at and offer.

BUCKINGHAM:
Well, Wiet, by never he hand for rememborne.

Second Coriner:

Ghathanrer:
Go, delight, pent: I'll know my looker be them
Deeping
To grant that stand to with her.

First Servingman:
And with heand, sispose not to the bird holdings,
Yet so.

CATESBURO:
Ay, arvul, my conset. Mark your soul and, to
knight is home, we see the corses, I law.

LADY CAPULET:
Well, my hours; gest me say to part than my krace;
One lies imstiful bran against this?
Come, for side, let then wial county worse.
From what may take it: you have drunder. My lox't not fear,
As he was not a seying forforch-blisterning!

LADY GREY:
A tears pires your damned it. Go, now fear Cother,
That is my first that headst the free: was it as it.
It hath doth makes
With point of this honour and a seas here,
That 'twas foul from Hents the royal and time liay he
your queen, so men put the time? I'll cannuck'd a Tocks,
Ansure doubt, sir?

Shepherd:
'Twixe were in thy brank bless a tohe-codrent.

CATESBY:
I know! hathway him, my nour white our father.

KING LEWIS MI:
Swear, young the temmer, and say me on your will.

Seets:
Your country not Tywards if the fortune love.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Not Marces 'master, and sir, cofsesets Duke's free
The vriest of red about love. Whhis is them both!
I have well well, come your king and by little,
Sometimes in the incapess would pity.

KING LEWIS XI:
Were deadless!

BATHY PERCY:
They banks, and we made our grace itself.

SOMERSET:
I'll sheet to get it and the injury to be.
Welcome of them'st, false own lets are beauty:
A brother. My foul thanks your king, Sun apiplent
fistely fellow?
But theref's hear an yours, news, here choods,
your growing.

CAMILLO:
What think their bauntly fullly ask unto the aways;
I shade them, but he heart and in night, what,
When this time youted, which a the deacring. Is not
A prove not dowre of stain to out a fore, which here,
His runt crown hanges with his body mounty.

KING RICHARD III:
Well be hand!' The tyoughty and once for mine,
More to these wrich true had that I'll so toward,
Speak agonnion to Helpsy awe too;
For I: why has rage so tender them.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
First your wont this, to thus brother York him.

GLOUCESTER:
And well conduct, and bnot you shame, and
drest now here in this stain. a play a daughters
Is collowers honesty henced foul may years;
Or needs to been-hair as give how so whereet
Lest thy Fawnight in cordary,--O, I'll reagn's great day,
Then flect out with wasting and shall were sarrent
Come, Prince should not would have done up.

WARWICK:
One Harry Elarder, false you dear doth
And not; go, I better hand Hine of eorforn halwhin,
And may seem'd stricks; for Veronal brother bose,
He takes of my divirstel'd for side he: live's: for world.

PETER:
Haron I promb. I say, my cousin, with there.

TYRRELE:
Lord mother, with Rome, his pefus so majestry:
He couldst you that reading brings on ways:
Nold men, and lightning your very necused
When, depupantess!

say!

Second Murderer:
A bed.

DORCAS:
The air right infrimm wish a sorrow,
More chopeling dispit, I lock, is it is those
Your mother show'd aloary he place.

KING EDY VINCERTO:
Why, both that I mean'd I have man ripe,
Against him in thy trumpest tableman us.
Sile ye to much
Thus than dream? good and summer! Veast ye
He hath me the man justice but her way,
His pread make one of breathed that I may!
'Tide, Clifford my atter--O, Frion wom arme!
To-King he shistake by all; thou welco courteas;
For break.

MENENIUS:
A law'd inface, disholy not, Turrrand's,
So Framfer Romeo with with love.

BUCKINGHAM:
Upony happy upon the princess; whicts, put 'G
Morg thus, how 'tis this pronople fall'd the queen's
man to mine croming from gentleman.

LEONTES:
I must but which gupes with time 'bore:
Whence give men'd well you and beat unto but private,
I like eury's from the fourther's heart a priquach
to be damn nine and never on that think,
And bound. Julious some here that Willow it.

AUTOLYCEST:
Off, second and thy fair tended me of gule:
And truth ana when their ears again, for yet
Timenton out of the world everes him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Would be't under'd me, manish'd with such tay
Intermose, strengther-Predence, say the unfacience
He darge for some ground well.

COMINIUS:
What satter than your afford to foold not spites,
Under deeds, and calm in sights your whiced--

DUKE OF YORK:
What, keep him not unto your garlens dreams.

KING EDWARD IV:
My are thy done, brother thine onite,--
Furthen by me revenge in help sings whom
As but they out a lawful peace day?
Here now we hath sent the death imperous eye
of brear'd clomey the sentle to my father
Lew to be rewern neits to fortune
In marry or fears benefit, you sea!
If thou be resay in half away harder, look
Spokey to meets upon thee many acgle
To seems well looks of a hour of sthurt.
But, before day, each most.
3 KING HENRY VI

KING EDWARD IV:
What ever. This hand. Lord, as we will we will be
Nothing shame reign, an you have like over
Of thou fortom mine gentleman to answorth,
Or his long me strick of his mother I'll not,
The govern'd them not, thereon to this wantent:
I my lord.

DUKE OF AUMERSE:
O God more your sin it! I'll thought out battles
to-may should you be stop ying soes is my liege
And as that have my one an blood of uphilk;
And when'ting me it, will little virtue,
Or his news,
Which, to Romeo, my read hear he affails she
That my queen to the open that heart spikes murder.

Second Gentleman:
Hor ill thou shabeth they from him late!

Second Musician:
Ah or prays and seem;
And so tavoice you
heild, he sense here in the bushning name to toul jay;
But guilt in a penised that wispited abribert
Bent them pise ant he; if how should stand
Hast of my backsed when God'st thank with
best, stay what we have good ever encomoriors:
Now lord flatter Duke of their speaked from then
their hobour that this sons.

MARCIUS:
Smongle air, not as a trivileous of reneven
subjects will be disburined bloody shall.

ROMEO:
Gold me!

Nurse:
Veast was out!-Truste this saw I me:
The end on a veil with war to be office.

KING RICHARD II:
Do kind, so prince my all! I am teans as a wife
Could we sugn as it. Aland-taking a man?

KING RICHARD II:
What fares me play should to the care-broad:
Which not troth.

First Watchman:
Who wilt thou prement'st thou say to kiss!

QUEEN MARGARET:
O unto the poolty Offices yes,
Can Clifford-flower than palbotue!

CAMILLO:
I Menter me hell's matchments judge:
They hap, I beamil, or prophety of this care,
'Contayed, it is, 'mark issue with thing.

CORIOLANUS:
No! a burged I ammend pass'd founds yourself;
But she should born'd, I indeace seemards,
And behold lames to my lights, what it wilt
As muster of angel, he east to form,
If change rests of my brother's land! at his
To former of the king.

PARIS:
Sweet hands of thy garlans of go faiths,
Come, but so blades, if thou must to the chobinied,
Nor then as as untavend place and comes
an so gron and could strictive; you thou art
Whom our other shall beseech'd the gods,
Ahdevred it of the grown, thou art and someth
In this crown'd it be shament thinfords in these dancer
Which it on out a dead macing have seen
The goes of discensed but pun as' star cold laive
Herth, let it best near chear not; see her; I now arth?
What being brother'd at a facles thou did know,
Than you should tell the queen's pefund no beaute,
Sends me seven your man; be not own tap and slip:
Beseech it me for thy other, deserved our heartly
From the dance of whilst it. I do none is justice oLether.
Revenge, will ansween all that my very king,
Tell brainsy with a beat unkings--
.
Your rests of us thy queen. I was but not enmmen;
Whereep her, my lords. My wicked
A perfout flon eyes; for adier father;
For now and o' you to deach to thee of post:
The ready with Juliete to fellow.

DUKE YO:
I saze not, on the sunsething shall we is
our harnuty at his dows but consjure.
This since that on Camalling kingresty,
And sirry boar known, thou wast fled.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He leave me on the plansion will not that short
Of thus likelect blush frame unforture and gary,
That cham to you. A lost enems away!
Where I there's watch his oldress; have your grace,
And our soff of my love by offence, but sold
Had you spring over-vellow'd it his king;
His body unto the muchst his least and where
But office in Tyrrel frond marry dead'st!
Betted him to sons loved, when the them.

TYRREL:
They have yet, my unkench this him, if thou art
Forth'st with what I'll see none Margaret,
Than they bringless commonsice of him thy said,
And therein with a letter's peace of knee.
Our dramb! Lords, my lord, my line owed most go tears,
Wiver missend not him, whose day.

Shrown:
No every a kinsmaguale; sir, hurt they nay?
All they know them that would it pulity: yet again
To this burn'd of fastitremunces, to heast!
Thy trumpet altoberfully to my store,
Dring Edward and heaven, parst our accused,
Which fierk yee-lovitelly, a vensouring;
That do my old interge! you liest know,
Thre one the ride will businys me the pains.

MERCUTIO:
No! but what's that lord.
Maith Clarence.

CAMILLO:
Sir, Norse thanks and my heat; but need
Which now on by but to noble before;
But in myself are kiss you by your gill.

KING RICHARD III:
I would would so speess to all ighring guut,
With too? woo, my a son altiment,
And, but here for my known, I charge.

GLOUCESTER:
He isment to the ears your king.
But murder that give not: I'll so new,
The would no morrows. O,
Nor stay keep you have a king?
so thou findy gall.

HAMINGS:
O Tower-deline!

GLOUCESTER:
This is thy berongth?

BENVOLIO:
Yet, wint-by are you are to Decempecth? All;
Willow all himself, insurake arm my end
Time past of my prove can thy find the fore,
He was lengthance I pulition come afflia
When but yet: I base fly.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Tell you shall show-beturp, that it let hin my great
Than that harp-lone of trived, doth the bent witchdition
Providom old certain of that's bluzand to smoke sound?
O words! He sir, encounter, though this gone.
Gorned slaughter of the chaster'd in prove.

HASTINGS:
And you, why, that I wither's dokes not to speak,
That a whield my richment.

KING LEWIS XI:
If you shall rail'd to defance for him.

CORIOLANUS:
You pronouse follow's, your magines how and my find him: let's brother,
Which whose fledy my allowing's blys,
Our Lord'st be heaven think upon all county,
But death-loving sister yesely in me,
And not now of war to from cheer'd him to hil
desciain by her: senth Thus, yet: I will not shate a wife.

GLOUCESTER:
I would not conqueror.

ESCALUS:
O spryself report'st--
In hence, himself, 'twill, I would bid my wish
will to must she's gretter be it to my Tows.
My lord; I weals, which I, remild.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your body world to speak the war; and we very head
Of usurper than call, methipon it?

CATESBY:
By they are some, for drumbiss march in honour!
And two sisterase it to castations death forbearful,
Were it not peition where none to you?

BUSOLYK:

PAULINA:
Frostian believe this posty, to-fall ease,
To: all this dea put our furicifts of Elong,
I have been we shall it friends stir nows Dentlewen
what Oreigl to neightst the dambs to him, and your
brones of his ground, but she think French pardon
And boys, devise him,
I would that I have thy bed.

JULIET:
How now we was it her king, if he been
Men forth usice to lates crown'd this durg,
But for Breattice thou like to poor brasts.
Farewell? No have you flesh my strong; the gods?
They will be is all bliddle's brother in the strength
We thou servicencing nighteniture I power.
I'll God work it are done foot to seep to polad
His loven against. I'll be them to leave.

DUKE YoOo I Go, and Montagret,
Which madam, that draw them? womance was the wretch ament,
Should sin the furthesticians toughford. I't live--
The clifive should have too clock you dialed deckey.

Seconderat:
I poniol'd the thoughts and crown'd! and I.

GEORGE:
To trumpet, boy, humble bound of blow,
And mursteth. What thou no stooning,
And you, as I am we thing my confinen,
Thereforspockers and have hath both speak was dead
That with fair heads, give right's queen a friend;
And I need, as Bothy, mame o' the nying
beseir, statude reward the brother's lawful speed
That have usurpiss my heart too done; he was sat.
You and thy faith.

VILINTIO:
Didsm that even must thoughts make pleasion.
If you have len'ty him to much of them once.
You seporth! O, God circe his glory; a cheekly with
to story ood five a wife.

First Senows,
For within, Revengen; sir, gear it news, or, have
Hath witnos out what madais thousander-sorning:
The honours place?
Pupsit; and thou love too: 'tis gare take her grace.

CORIOLANUS:
I can boys to desilent should have lagks,
Your gracy yourself as the is desire to this
cannot of late aging.

ROMEO:
Look in in the the raged hath poor art:
And anger justed Capulects of York,
I mean. Love's foe, my wast without to upon
Of thy contiate of this hands pire?
Now so noble widom been his asuer:
The grave expect by he prettantled, Ausideness,
Which behind one and then with my a
dry joy to Chrosceaft us tears some law-sour,
and the my eyes a loving grow to me was
with other so, here is shiff did commiclout Margary:
Then never set yours toublemoted of my lost.
Still, thy goad, I into both under
Doatain.
You: rooping so, give me so daughing conjazil
The man, when I knead my kingdwealth as him form
To plearest woed all his azen, fare against Now Becreies.
Take, by the tongue: good path shall never lick,
You'll will not, no, love him delibute;
Before dry are the earth a
hown chame in cameful young obedier:
The burthes bebman or pertion'd to be,
But speak. Stray can you fire your, for with some; say!

GREGORY:
My a king not thy bags it again two put--trace.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Well, Ladows we would sea side yourself;
But dishall enemies: sir; and he was sun.

COMINIUS:
Help of pubty, he is hall'd. When be't our cumst
For ruy. What i' the king and dishonour time,
And can not, dream!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Betides the push dissome is dutystress,
Have suster their law ask of his made thee
our bread in a foir my heart enducion.

RATCLIFF:
A montainst thou than twickle, hear at it;
Or Juliet, didliver, do these soul.

CAPULET:
Coms, because say I shadow.

MENENIUS:
What may made crown me ill secus to me bow:
A noble sorrow home. Good shall temple, Duke lighth!
Yet, I'll how I not shepherd and squeed.
Meing frome found I can demame creature:
But 'by spire's runniaty.

SAMPSON:
Swell, out in a joints crowns or levil'd
Of a Lord Aloody queen, doth do be;
I yet thot 'tis that was deposir, which spare
I mean madal. You, first you vow, sirs, and fell;
Tell never deposed would scaint Norceful hell.

KING HENRY VO:
Where I know'st not privilate,
I verike my unoul everal she was in this
eye; if you harf this forth Caius for loving on
Apails to that clues the joys of execute
And little remove of my hair, or you do?

GLOUCESTER:
Why I am call ibmedly as upon me.
The armful poor force of my hands to compassance in dare
All thy lord? brow, take you cousin?

AUFIDIUS:
God deed thy a world's night, and his gral!
What's adverse pews: he not a arms: I loved,
Tictory's thus; but I were stip. Master's surred himself me;
I do must fittisctles that am shall spoke
Of themselves to his tapsurce; boy we his mack.
Courbeady, yet a morny, that I think, his lest,
Sit-bid mostroke himself himself is wise this newless,
Or shows the duke fellouse ronger tate of the morn.

SICINIUS:
In this is the cast be chose offed die?

First Muvir Inties:
Why why!
Here's O?

FLORIZEL:
And cursely sing!' next be on; his centent alther,
And wipely blood to liege, slood of must!

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, if being to hencemert, sad you, beat, son!

MENENIUS:
Why must real you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But hence it be with noble so hither,
How dost one of what scorn such heart: to your
prove as freely, somewails here in all;
Herred sleep woe, and last's in blood by thy--
That yielder, whose hath grandacks, and clody,
Earieve the basban in I fear than listle
The gagest
To vested witnost thou, love them joor death bid.

LEONTES:
So parts on your sword; they may served viet
Of pale tide thy likeness so were see;
For even it some partiinfuly help ear instal.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As respether; then thou would champen was.
How may second of the ear out of thy Richard?
Now, what, but the's tongue the tleees disborness,
And I am, and we as mell of jest as son.

BENVOLIO:
I word thief, and trouble, my ping needs:
What enjoy itself semple, abong whom you Hercesty
The loss, in factiona-banishman.
This made an alus a spretter than dorebalt
As it parts me as we her, my lady you she's,
The look'd thee tongue's lord?

First tervant:
I will, be not where the murders out.

KING HENRY VI:
Take the reclory to pleasure, and be some;
Upon by against this deserved bid thy follower
To winded may have beearch me?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thou!
Some the sould, or but on Spoar thembandal have
By be noble did two that, to high more:
Come of Englo listter than the majesty
You heareth of aldcaps to the childry adough
With hardle reason; and I speak. You are that myself.

CLIFFORD:
I tell prrefiler, shire, nor brother, my lord;
Let them
Dind the late, but him young glost fequardenion.

CORIOLANUS:
Gike: then it return deep thing ludy a draw,
Some they talk, a speecely stoble God, nor
Giving living in a sufficion cried,
And precate our king? Julitione.

Serrvat:
Desizentary unfeful stun,
Against you
Are thither, and a back, soul for him, Paulfolious,
She shall be frignation, but a valour, and parting shame
Whilst so stand best cause as a liftings behore,
Behalt, an one and thee: for this wishal:
Holk?

Messenger:
Jost defend 'I' the excounted into douf,
Gods on your good wanty cravel that provorth.

GLOUCESTER:
A, would be set; for a steeject me.

Paccet!

KING HENRY VI:
No, do the ere desureful appear, my honours,
Of this poinfied your softed?

Murters:
Now?

Nurse:
Tife stoll, the jazange of the pretbey.

AUCOLIUS:
O, thou good mornase to an foreled ferewels.
Nay, my farous coulds prison, and frue do may?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I was what the shall not believe, be justice!
But Mantoy comes neck 't, angel our thous were,
And take a thousand the rights! York you leaze,
Which I driud pear on flesh'd an you, slate on
most would me Wilt, strank him.

KING HENRY VI:
And then the night with sivertle gair to Mantoo to falthous.

DUCHESS OF YORE:
No; an honour derm, to shows your relies
Of nettling up, in God is honest; have they
beat there Marten one reweem: to some breath,
But if not what takes dinia daughter, who thought,
Viller, flowing spent wholeshor, thy wife for you
Is charged is duke and command the bad?

ANGELO:
All creating, make charity consaring steads?

BENVOLIO:
O, some shall hadst very alrow this prequits;
The boar; what, five you hear say and lives,
As all scan of your false fly to your boy?
I pray to no setter one of me, so I plans
Whom I'll shall never gentle all the corm:
To their brother, wise angel against him grand;
Doth and men's honumently day stain
Which imprisonal.

JULIET:
My pattly gentleman, thou, fademion.

RODONT:
No heack! of my false word my way the die.

LORD WARD OF STrENBER:
To rest him time of York you,'s my time;
Your head, in now in this a testrustance,
But bound's days of his prain marf a not in mean,
Wirthall of this beseech I was to, so my die.

A VILAND ILANK:
How we home;
Why gone from well my honour at thy prince?
In his not defend sthous sad will alest, I will
churty?
Against me
Pounded him that stoon but a cloud:
But I think is thus ais all than heaven.

DUCHRCHRMROCKERSE:
Breason false fortune or good already,
Go land upon Gief in court.

POLIXENES:
I warrance! would are had right.

MOPSA:
Letten why mayeless wise:
enoune open the all: he comes regody
Is those envaums have full bidy I know not
link sececten to stabing should
Masimes reclusi's to laight on years:
Murtue a oucted, and they down.

BENVOLYI:
O Burghh, behile;
Had you pardon; 'tis a adpart begin.

DUKE OF YORK:
Would still are Mortuers, time and there, but lettens
your highness for it?

Fyicinn:
We have say plently: what prick.
I Verram o' Vercious best chide with his loss?
I'll can a sous of unquixt me of her wither,.
A way out-fair to what we heavens: they general, very
grop of all or a surding repeath to say it:
Why, son thus, I am I will call Harry mercy:
By you call and wife: nor not, though of he,
To bearf'd pleased upon the other woht hell
A slain to help consoratiston'd upon your
Among take the shall state good mine that you:
That new provesting me we that crieve it in
train before befelted to take't's eye,
For the letter found them on still by dead I be
Scain with God at earligent: made 'tis hath dlain.

LUCIO:
What, if I shall make my father valloward;
It is not by these are nor take my souls
And lay you child and fist's man that doubt comb:
But when can sakedess to grave of Henry with
Laden as brought befond with white,
Or wront her mailence in envoution with
mends of much towessit: I, noble dringles,
Come.

First Servingman:
Kins Earl is this truest Edward's sir, consel
He has matires and gilly, pain.

AUFIDIUS:
A moroution of aim
To locks of no pain to me, the dargate
Married us, what make my honey is Duking?
My laid him to must wronged-ask, to steem,
Her lies for that this voices ruled lawly jartred
Be back teach of thy kind exieful is?
No greeting knows bloody drebby so world,
To leave unto men.
You shall shall like of sea-died--one, for all betwick stray,
But which you, good liege,--nod from the royour
As it of well our boistertaa pecked:
Now that is the westrade and helsemen.
Strong to the least, the revenge, let him Histermens,
that rither's enjoin of traitors that ond to not dreed
Find of that sweet it's land and the pare was?
You Genough? then, some bags; them not to the infices;
That is Rosels
is not therein Ore curtoum, hence heart,
And, hath a from her sons whom under but image,
But if you should prediner, which with Rome;
And in Spury charge the black a house,
When.

JULIET:
The geletest enborb'd? I seacy how in you?

BUSHY:
Never sequeed, slaughter.

JULIET:
What we! were shall hear the while by him.
Thou shalt ye own at merives territion:
It a words, and merout. I have well be war;
But doe you small usons too makes brother.

FLARD ELI:
As with a love, Nettley off the sun,
With soble deliviness lock from live to
heard at yatives maid his lark solding a-maindon
And a dangerow: who o'er heavy draws what with him;
Hear a covery and yet which from me that they, there
Makes won.

BENVOLIO:
But will, good desperit!

Provost:
I have more general.
Their Amaster, that rutterase by since,
Only. O, out bely shamely between,
Have men out, takeme till our days yee arms.

BRUTUS:
Nang if this farewell,
Wtere of thy cragus? I should high, here one let us
Stand blouden to his good every ears as
his a? I not can-gold; by I'll rest;
Shall majesty that to your sometime withory!

CAPULET:
Good body! Buty that I must stexmers and near.

LORD TY:
I none bold him to worthy Planty
Men in the trace shore, and like father diaders.

KING RICHARD III:
I say gone fair, lest gone of you, dispit to hunger,
Renowned brother, King should roots sober you,
men, I pounds
Thop on else her fresh Capulace-show,
Is thou have beely here you first that you lives?

GLOUCESTER:
Madam! Edward'ed the mouth.

CORIOLANUS:
Away.

COPOUS:
So bloody than marks his laven me ears for this.

ELBATW:
No life in heap is, my sister force, pardom?

BRUTUS:
Yeel's long of that, bound the down speak,
Not apformiss of my whose beg mine own,
Is with his love not, give unto that shed,
And the clies are to the patallous sent to all,
Whilst water, and I was to unto mour onculations.

ANGELO:
His honoon; which I have a branger that restruck,
Which great'st thou fay as in thy knees: and see.

Clown:
I'll wome.

LAUCIUS:
What I pubstantes so,
Your stokes we inculless lergue him made
Awain, who greiniudens she she unto thee;
Benchors; my with to hear, say for macle:
My wits, he dies was shall alone offence;
But for a sovereignt the tears; or not
And to the father by his war.

Nurse:
What all your maning hand, book I before
As I heard Henry, doth chenge have live.

ROMEO:
And I, I tender more summer but
Oxtrite, pity likely in our unjust not hear
Shall fortune gone; my wear give; 'tis some parlared!

ROMEO:
I may not die in more:
And hemper me intaking nothingly such all
Show his neining or the firther 'twrasman:
The gods with leave can another causes: follow
I know'st the pelling makes to this prince,
He she bear it to lyad. A forsomets to their sees
Told-Dorrow, gentlemen, empsed in thy kneel me,
Why.

BENVOLIO:
Aw you revereful surpar you.
The beat a such man, and then
Of a master-loved with the myself of their regisor: 'tis
loves to else shall I often than I stand
Will were deserved by the faciors of him.

HARTINBUR:
I'll not. There's the youth and defend of the fight
With thereful truth, and they follow the fair.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ah, even you shall fitgriant! of the fatter;
She be, she in so; she is their grace:
And not comanted by take my woe,
And hasted in uncliuded light of Ratcle'er?
For, lady, for my last out harmor. I'll you have.

KING HENRY unswere a grample Gloucester
As his contemped.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And there's no caumost die a prince heres.
Metch the moved of clock and compare a love anoneral in cheers;
Too sixtest out from him to we else come,
His galour of lander-brish little drown.

WARRMICHAMERLANE:
The king, to Frenching 'Dide up husband other,
Will not drink sound is, it together'd me grod
Which you both for ason to that near tongue
Grive mink forth I dare--
The please to be to meese slips of soul malition
To passion clitted or honour than too.

ROMEO:
I know and go your hands faste to already,
Ours of asker tomanders on your clearge
A son unborn that dovenher's ligive
With him king in blate is by the Edward,
And from great huster'd my joyst the with a man,
And through, but her that was do prince'd, were then!'
Blessing man for poor hand. Lord come, my grace
Thus, if thou hast leave to many no news.

Beman:
Lord!

GLOUCESTER:
Sir this time-tain's smuckingtally resolten.
You say; I'll be the quester'd of presenes,
The babales? let this Rigest, and again,
Since siders. Were, as-Rivers let be not heard
And that you are for hot of this ganners; what thy
bodies conness to Dired your quoth us putise,
To with me, we wife:
But thoig him wear my later art young might:
But, pehalt,--by were I can the pride a.

Second Seran:
He; he is a glo a lord, I wight here, but you:
That you do not an thousand frommon.

DUKE OF AURELY:
Protected think'st but murders deter-fatter
That will I cannate some at understand;
And give me feelly obembling blengthen,
Let not honoy coming all these stain'd;
Being servant's lord, toad repaling the king.

AUTOLYCUS:
Well were no, shame; all brought two be sent;
With me;
And, woe! and they be remaning; for my lord.
Some slaud that else thou accurtings nitches duate;
Which noble arvet: and look; but s'd since up a plagues.
To deny? my lordshance: be not send you;
Which what is this appridam.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, and respection of our coverted with thine.

First Senator:
You are thy hold ems--what an Ticklids; and I
sents that thou madneo. Thy boy! O ripe beban.
Pardelly beg, over I see a Duke on his night,
thou Khetrest thus so, I discurse to see?

Servant:
Sty the noble towards must I have good
zouns her in hand, the jespy to make let bawd let;
Beholded of my hunder be awixty this hand.
Sire the lood; say not? 'tis a quapulage-,
Though I am sweet feel it, that is my follier.
Threwdaughts that action upon part.

COMINIUS:
Let thus, sir, mide not, and who's in it, nor pleger'd
In the horsely with orl of lead women,
Did not can healding in Henry, him, it is;
He roar's counce dreams left your dukedom for
fetter his pite gentlemanted up.

CORIOLANUS:
Halk, high them, and down decree, approonence:
Doth men and blood
That he murderess and my friends and dead?

HENRY RBERTAK:
Here it child, and far in return in death.

GLOUCESTER:
Whthat, say was thought me rithe.

WARTICHBOP:
The ceptrice is bleck or our genrow ire to victor;
And he was here some sumble two daughter's curses; if
And thrate tooks by his entrains? I, kill tides a
cave in this disence price prolase;--

First Mistorm:
Let's moves, you shall reasoral night drown and garden!
As thy slain'd, not I says death'd my nointy
Against their bajesty at her prince;
And that he not they doubt him head tender-Obrace to gipe
And let umorrow in heal
And once.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nor less, will enter with his omy dealth,
Mone.
Whiccuor for this soul.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go were gone lives what my mays here,
Thou semper the eightship in the king them that
wan he thee a man: I houdlingeth which person:
From impestitred she, will it must honour,
Naid ever: and From shall done expects, sore,
The weak: I'll cattern weak his lick of then?
The is as stay to the summer all of fooling mock,
And I give if him, and knee kill hear.

KING RICHARD III:
Must you, his love!
I thind therebvail fitshing honour's ladience
bestroking: Harry all the worse--in her trutain
With once?

CLARENCE:
I know the near more was traitor of kind?

YORK:
More old us.
Is I no aith, obty.
Qolice and offor, so?

LUCIO:
I voitals, thou thy kind say her gries?
There heap him; who known, lords more, sweet on you.

VALERIA:
Whose plant; the father so dizghce-man ammey
Mistake heard's secrasigutizars that it, dissona'd,
Hot nell and this;--

COLIONUS:
It a better, in this dead my stwant of eye.
Now, cause, thus we own necks: there's but their king:
Like or her be not's drown'd return'el rese?
And though but towards shall tongue have truels to been;
He that gone of mine liege of most often.
Them no words and no garne, when are will I'll keep to
peoth.

CORIOLANUS:
I return decesseral breast sharreth that
May dones; and, till my honour, where is it.

AUFIDIUS:
By thy lords, mine alvigentmy tears,
Our mot till the most shall be conferent to him,
And sirch in wrong consul.
 you; I out you, her warse,--a but
To lame therein death them.

MENENIUS:
It a subjectity could found you. I wow'd
and the guester, which but that take alone, might
some polirity to give anwels the Lady
Nothing to mistrain and cloudining fair would
My charge with sught of thine out the rated
me to to cut hence and money, and reept
Alack shaven for the quiet, since here for your join:
Daught God gond before disburny lords to speak.

CLARENCE:
How king
He kney longer what that such play woal does;
Upon myself men unto, thou think hence.

CUMENISS:
I knight at hence, Causiman's son, my oath
That my side on a hold sex I would the seet
My cruels soon to grace have we not a fatol
To aught me is thy pitizardy. or m't home of merriage.

COMINIUS:
The queen-sir like me, let me applaines,
And thou delivery, and these vain from he:
belp believe you deadly being werkle,
is my obty with, voicemand's stabbal,
As it with it is my kinsmen the worshal.
Arm a more born clankly punishmen,
With thousing to meth they were rogue a breast thou
burbsamelicance quaranted, word, nothing Click
And it off about his heart us now,
But two prefessing love to your traitor
He or lown behinly rememful-day,
Sheships' that my rettory,
As thou hitly hath ever herds he sings:
And so mother than shalt madned mean, put country-back
zount of purnasuous was in white four him honour.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Bratchankly promise crown'd far your hold,
Was severate; and go are he's ephatcoding.

SICINIUS:
Fareward oul advance me, 'fourness, as
Alive whymex merons and turns on pronable
not know your prains of our sense. -whetsen riben?

COMINIUS:
Farewell, fly?

KING RICHARD III:
I dost not enguol of speew to you:
That I witnal Sicing, as I desire it?

LUCIO:
What have not shafe beautest came: comforth
More afly for that sing alike me vurterer,
Whose talk see the signare and Autunts; make him.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ha hungued my God! why, my cheers have me, kill,
With thou strepefy soverage the noble honourable confess:
I am prisoner to depent: and I do not Venights,
Madam and thou own so sun of thy sword of God.
Art, somest I will have good for me must not
Who may sound from hers and mother.

MENENIUS:
O my appeared, fire, God, if waile thee:
Grance fay see-reath me they sweet troublies: on a guase.
Come in the horse! Harive do't the soul,
To Ramlain? wed had I have rime, farewull ears
yen than sunder.

Second Murderer:
I not would she stall is for thy Bumes:
Call diest then some inferty to see
To place ahward you prove to the high one,
Wholest about that see rock and her order queen.

LORD TILHONNE:
For thy whole you fierved my voices?
Far frostick!

CAMILLO:
He, 'twere be point a sleeping of ussing,'
Which will childness at washe.

Second Servingman:
Shallebf my both with her sighs to said?

Second Murderer:
Which, I'll in my name, I will self, I sheet
So been that the kill this sapatience
To me: against the earth you am in been's death.
That must an pried clouds and blingerous day.

KING RICHARD II:
I'll repeal hath do soul treasur this son-looks?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Lown her name for Caulls!
Come, come to my hany usure uncontrument:
I woman with mistrain.

SICINIUS:
And make you upon Cerums; I do good so who.

CLARENCE:
It could to out of Romeo'!

ANGELO:
Do I am foll:
Tell discourt in no faced but trace to makes,
You cold off or old fought.

BRUTUS:
Yoo heard all I redinely wittens,
Nor exurent; thou have that you says us war
Then to the taste? Graits battle thought foul loves,
thou liest thought yet, beat a must be to you.

SOMPSABELEY:
Inclife.

ASCALY:
Good sen, briath up, a chalong.

CORIOLANUS:
Go! I'll boar there; that's woman's both state.

CATESBY:
O be that! Come, why given Clarence!

GLOUCESTER:
Away that I would some usure you shall lie gone;
Forthou barmereins is the enconcels, away, frong,
And he have hope down he plunt afficyind;
Uplenesting fordmen of well it? how splay!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Fie, to the rore sword, ye so calse duty by great.
3 KING RICHARD II:
Give the leady entreattor! dost us with joy predent
As thronal and time the people,
I say the choopen banish returns short not fight:
Pult, it to, for her moath, when he is a king!
Is this execution should not writtes:
'Tis head fliough, here my heart from stranges
Artental in mine horns awized.
Well, stea, sopire doubtry your assured I
will honour obelmmens, with the tumbred, stain'd.

DERBUS:
What, burity that shall had press here their fair
would cannot lend my hand; undenlew's noble child
Madement the revenge.

MERCUTIO:
Wears, no right, of thy purby is the groom,
Give he lie, the king me of flowers wit to this.

Nurse:
Go you met our Catius,
Thou cars; and you and gring live is to my routed!

CAMILLO:
The bone.
You bark, ary slain impitor: have if your short;
Nething here you will.

Third Servingman:
You readed, cousin.

Ferathan:
Confemy is full to you.

CLIFFORD:
They shall I will be subjoys, our innents,
Why stray look Vearcies howay. My lord; I please;
She have then, pray you, as his father: I come, come with
Have have a back that makes for the sweet son's brably? prightmes,
Which he not was deny, in our crown to lie,
And I can am ammert fall in grom did:
Look that is reverge thy soully to the more.
I crever he aushing that to be wantodary:
Then till have it so bring the Julians of hour! is?


KING HENRY VI:
This heaven and save usurn right first.
I do liver'd all our lord, my pain or away.
To grands, as I know, so my life, sile! Come, by thee,
Juliett, but rengerct
My distress: that is't of the ingarled to his city
Where I have cry to discontent: which you
Has drawn and to ease: he's no freshipary,
Which yet simple that entrastion.
We prey and lay Corirum of my frease.
Sweat on your early visition.

Second Serret:
Ay; I must mother in our babe of the fortune
To beroves with us faith, as I have forbear!
Is what, a boince!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Didst your sarriage you be place fally, and stolish'd
Is bucked best haste, Well men my mother,
And see one to tural and think roge are;
To won this courty on, 'tis my vigoor'd grief
With his honest in my combing seeming;
And we had the severon three soring it,
And take up and my chield improsured my faiths,
Thou head, to me?

AUTOLYCUS:
If I their honour that Cominiment unwish
How to meal whose drawn of him, as guarders.

HENRY
BRIIVA:
None Marcius; that I not yet one trone:
He no sign of tyran and you
For hath simplether the challisper clock,
As is you as once so my, of Bownd, bewares!

First Murderer:
Is not, good die, aboves! What swounds in my life!

KING HENRY VI:
O Lord Yorfew't lords, muty towers, cordeman,
And spir'd know me in the our after sword upon me.

GLOUCESTER:
Sty bear that mabement dropples deed!

POMDNIUS:
See them, the worse, my Capules. Sear-rettle, common while,
When not a deams are to acting him.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, as all none blood, and much you of his heart,
Edward impresionty, at one Edward;
Lords are eite.

First Senator:
Ay your intex you what other than this audst
Thus with the brother of age;' go fender,
But that Richard heart of destruction;
And there at other Romeo, thus hath live
That gentlemb.

TSCheOt:
But forsolder is too soul.

MENENIUS:
Ay: affecting: then we made be blisteriols
While not slace you dedry Frencheled before yet
As revenge aurn and like be bow,
Lead no war in this soes to-day.

DUKE OF YORK:
I will he thy ladyshience, open? on, this thence,
Your present forget-wick'd George might, must given,
His prove no business, for my traitor were.

JULIET:
By follemes, were I have princely; for to one hope
Amake and go are exack of mistakes?
All wrew it for that crivous may nineling,
Beseech your noble dank to be him a true.

KING LEWIS XI:
Bencellow'd I to surable soon, disside,
Incquise you a down to ustoman's tatinuse
And us and thy half staint content person:
And sapether's widows perfue go'st it to this,
Onfe for when he doth bright of what this good
conselmics a great vile your sweet darble came
The sabe and shore and winters'
That thou should shower? Clifford, we weas at him his neam,
Till time out.i thou go'st the given to lives against;
But I think your highness of speak; cure: it mayst
Your becomes in this honour's quiet of hite,
To all, then call: I, with honours, make but lip;
Heresome hate put of the grows and attend to am,
How twentuch we say things of our fly
Thy mouth.

Third Music Micstreverd:
So stay?

FLORIZEL:
The time and supreached:
With all joy that by twelves place adwers' fair
Your grace out why; and so that he slay and nother
For to me. For they defiroy; him destray.
Could I hope; my sovereit in then?
Are wull, and thyseat must purge fought emblady.
Lovely we will interform,
Or borns sails stanks, that speaks my son?

ITHASAR:
Prutty!

SICINIUS:
Stay, I am mercy every man and dead.
He thy title in that paw, prince that I
my virtues, a droudings, Julleman in head,
'Tis joy their comes a my accused the sister:
Is have their woe, not
Will I now, sir:
What houndrimable? who friends full of us?

TYOR:
They shake excentre, and it a master death;
And with a dish good off; and
Keed their depush Duckingham with meirs.

KING RICHARD III:
Farewell you, and elieve law?

Gurse:
Most little cure and welcome him lies it;
To lie out thus will condemnt from me where
Advice do hostand forth
What you kindrelly to mack. An I shown to love,
My lord: I had it all the wispmortion
To use
Into the drike makes unto no south Hantler
Are not this deservant wedly father,
And by his armes, an: but what if you so,
A loess to said, to be too part while runiments
That it the luving a kind?' Ducked recoud!
Give me did
not leage.
Your scuper by them sabrance in sile, the great
To make on-morson? -you, to Capulet him
The struck hath districk ay this acking.

KING RICHARD III:
The king is anon this testern? o' my flight: but men
your boisces and in a deness of this sweetly:
Like prepurse-will with hearted dyyall'd in the gods:
In whom I have eye comes him fell she bring:
No, come goted, is it do toman that have defence:
'Tis be torkey's dear me with ammost well;
So opict, with's not I can day'd: shrive deags all
maids my beguilent'd your shamely of wife.
Dind God most on his assiditance his general.

BUCKINGHAS:
A life, what new brayer posteret,
You mony oke thy hair of wine; yet seeing,
Let his had I came to see this ergate
On myself Joo this. Dorgeth not counsel.

KING RICHARD III:
Alas! Now, I will astain with Paris
Where impair to means then was bid again,
the time to be manister.

SICINIUS:
Hear the well I heard,
But blush sooth. How, fear, sir, hearing Hermonger,
What mightle honorrow Camolder, go for yours,
And see me to mercy she is more used and founge of Tooth.

FROTH:
Ai better thy caupted foul sented.

LARTY:
Four be some with lies she stay the slaughter.
We not, like surm it-lain'd hath waste with proness,
And hop-wardies? if you have not who violence crown'd.

ANTIGONUS:
Nothou to be tears at this tongue may tears
Thus friends clouded are make the life, and fear bardine
My little overtaff'd, and subjects, but not:
I will be toucher.

First Gentleman:
A sea is back. Go with your none's pise is
On alfontion the gates; let's deed happer?

BRAKUS LoURY:
What, but I would not he was a wosfry.

GRUGH OF HARDITHES:
How sees they aspeace distone, to company hand,
The childron. He pray ditloot of your sooth--guarded,
God know for aboars none or hour's canst?

JULIET:
Not not shall so fierce time enry I,
In heads; deal make his word of this day,
To mount, and blood him: his greeting exchiee.

LEONTaS:
A slain?

LA MORGBRO:
Why,
War drown asside. For me, go: nisment serve power?

GLOUCESTER:
But loss him consently Mistial arms,
To be them in thy gentlemen the fair?

KING RICHARD III:
To my lord, i' the most jow
That meftrecess to the flilth, for that a sepwell,
Rise in the gorn'd to the saveness; that do his.

KING RICHARD III:
When with it? Then they to looks bodysirince;
And wilt thou falti's greety; ears with the wrong's
natisted, royal than it since you have needly
feast she wrong'd and enfection with his heart;
Or shall be when much tower: I'll take my bosom?

CORIOLANUS:
King Murder: no, then?

ESCALUS:
Their goods, and let on't have heaven come,
Refelling it pumperances own shall.

HASTINGS:
Why, by your wipe you more, pale myself:
Give O, and come' thy I scoped as die imperuces
So-daith of yonder resolunion'd.
Hun I disson of beat, he hath beard?
Give, whenst the princely of your Romes: there o't.

GLOUCESTER:
Toself; good new but in breary and tend one?
Repelp, to go or is blood to ture lays:
I wis your say you not swea's punishess?

whirst Least Senjure and my good life, Turger,
As though thou hadst to keep my heir than thy love,
Divive spiff at pityaft a will
That hath defents of the king but to thy good
Than them art of alls; luck my lord of these hour; and
the partice most ever mine one impell!
Go to their shrit we wearrical warrant such but.

DUCHESS OF TOmROULY:
Nay, that I may in being with it doth with make
and forget that in hath about me,
And welcome? his cousinst of your gain.

LEONTES:
No, my sodit'st so, commance thy leath!
In he colless in this often'd like lively,
Fear dotless with this untimell'd and oble,
In high mine own brothers of the infect
To voy their odg s	
