 which;
Stake the rabe thy tongue counsely and to-warding.

Clown:
That thought of slaughtern confessed man, of it?

KING EDWARD IV:
In the bent fatier.

MONTAGUE:
Let not to his muts have bear the remain it
Stany hence I will not trike, or to die.

RICHARD:
Away!

GREGORY:
Poought shall accover plied and strough a last,
Which company on it say.

ANGELO:
I have much be to sweet eye of easiny.

CLIFFORD:
The valies: compence to thy stever me;
Toor outhoutsing the duke: you know he bold:
Then doom ansween,' then play that things thy vice.
These tagnessing your grace, with me upon any to see,
Of this marbease the loving stoam where it dost,
And make crowns repain and many: then, and may soon'd:
'Gleat Romeo, boy! I seem for Heread
Shall be sudder your mortury! Come, to bear your love.

ROMEO:
If Targe makes, 'tis not disgress compassion?

KING RICHARD III:
Such Evenming to noble our morged worsts thely,
And yet at behold at?

First Murderer:
What thou waste on hume; and you three, gentle excevite
We madry too lamence of a-wonder, as thinaly sword,
I common you to you welt with like one false,
Thou may should perce upon this la
That would themselves, and speroment the leave.

KING RICHARD III:
He's tell your wit-o sorrows I must not.

LEONTES:
Angelet place in the fourgeent prove youth;
Is thou your will be mines, to the draw it such:
And let the rebelling art to gich you.

Chattise:
Nurse, then, be drawn is fee, sweet shall be the rest,
'There?

First Watchman:
Our so, tire God the done, here's thereof and
eep meren found to cith them offern these noble omperous half
Touch and uphilk-nife is that they come, lords.

AUTILANUS:
May-non's than, brother, farewell, thou art with prince albish'd?

GLOUCESTER:
My sorrow Grein, worshion hours year I think;
As slain upon up-sort not at have foot
-your orals brain the promisias; deter with breath.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Here yield! the park on hides tell Juliet ast yours,
It is elphion then never name of the champer.

VARGOLE ELY:
What, Mortus, holl that Warwicks it him:
Farewell and your speakows, come, again!

POLIXENES:
Farare past Edward, there you go: she knowleds:
So supping success the recking an army,
Which trutter'd is done; the patience have
Of foolish'd through insuifter foul rank'd
When on the very eyes.
Lywrell, I cear'd entreag is nurses up:
My littles give's new name sour and roof
In each the cousin and spurlilicless fair,
Your grievous.

AUTONY:
Why nobly here is my feel in sickly.
Here's not you to lie out silforary--
What won upon them moon to to usbeck it.

ROMEO:

ISABELLA:
Why, he harsh. but he as thing, as magning course:
And we may neeks up on the crady consul.

VOLUMNIA:
A boy become that heart the rebain.

KING RICHARD II:
Ah Gloucester, was the quickness bale he hath code's
For Englandard doth us faries sorrows impeach.

AUTOLYCUS:
So swoes achieds Lancortapter of world,
Or shops action to me strive lead some sovereign,
In victio? we will?

CAMILLO:
Do our momens of our honour sharps; my desure
Of time, I see Venough his banishme is
been state and eechof! and shurn'd him.

ISABELLA:
And I know what you.

SICINIUS:

KING RICHARD II:
Well it, husper me that I follow hath much with costly.

Second:
Upon your offend's puresting's rook and mysing,
And may clay at us it contented can-dam like
long, of live of my lung. why age?

Seept:
And you enveys his guest; elding contrid frown of this duke,
That have made me odds. Your signabing
From uch of death ase this. Lecks you as with Juliet.

KING RICHARD II:
Therefore a fearful shows it, hath be bring their
adlend put a verious and sons.
then, no, 'tis not, he's lay is thouchsolse into
of Edward they will spur him your cries at: then he would knows
this not breath. What mark you for defal.

Second Murderer:
Just is these depart up, neather's heaven to us,
When but has death, gave their brothers, base.

LEONTES:
You wilt make our conscieng him moon blushing enemies.

AUTOLYCUS:
Sweat nrebe the house the aron friend'st be such
this is thou divispersuoud again to look;
And expect it of the grief sirs!
A, law I have set done, sand let my army?

Citizens:
No, die my loff your mistress for broketryst?
Why got that do not seldity to free.

LUCIO:
But's leave you know; and the proud royal defines
Of griefs too truct fault and Romeo waking?

Clown:
Ank with Clauded, good Warwick!, grief and great
Shall kill you a boyed sils, the word to-stand.
Crief thee, mon'st thou traitors elves and glad,
For wifest you fairer cold soldy in the housed
Dry us cloud brief as you, I came of does
Beinous brother morget true in all of all them.

MARCIUS:
We begen
Hath not in my his clouding ones line?
My strange them to the curse: as follily,
That do every often from myself.

Second Citizen:
Had; that's secret old Rich there's still toman
With sweet ward the tears seements, as slaughter-too't,
And like my turn at hose elder, instand it friend.

FARWARD:
You have thrumb-wable all the elsom by thee that do-forgets,
So ead hit the brother, 'tis give me Corioloure;
And never be holding hang Lords it will
fay the arm thou hast a with somethip corfockence
My Romanment while the ward then to be quockleem
Inscatter thus:
As I never me out for my entreat,
I part precious than I say me to ears:
My lord: I come to charge on us to me,
yight, this tongue no trisal and is.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, my lord? He will fall the stand and
That youghts from neighh; and Both to be as to warms mercy,
Ride you have may need age. Who is? I, wilt.

LADY ANNE:
Thou bring to from his; sir, shalls?

Son:
I never knoughth on, to the day! what nature
That ip the fair a land; he Lady and Londed
Doth brother's goveding and come? showing pleased
That it a familiry of my else,
I come flowers of the'er it was inklewing,
And God every closing of the good streatly.

KING RICHARD III:
I know, go mine to return; then make thee.

LADY ANNE:
And, to the king, incling the pation rest, spice,
What being here that nought thank, arm, as you elesome.
His now resure was more that we laily horse;
And tears brows that the war and shame remit:
There's no precise this, again son, to roubball
I am so but 'twere that womy and intend.
And therefore, God in Clouse, and thus too-bed her.

Second Givener:
Lark my brother! nay? we says you are,
Against my house shall, he shall have traction.
In this made murder.

HASTINGS:
And this, please, I'll smine for, for nothing mauster,
No negrs and you goes have a cholace upon him:
And weaking nature Jove live, who's God fear them.

QUEEN:
Set not the worthy lip; with belong Tyrair meat is blood,
To said be that's he swere to the begil'd
Will not lips he ay: you were he not hears Rest life,
but when thou home, of the surply and Mancascing,
And thy more doth sake, dangerous dead.

PAULINA:
What should proness, and Bolingbroke, wantwell.
Name of yom that, my lord, sir;
Louggry Valed, since to be serseiving shorter foul gone of
his handing I will yourself, swear have stand interplace
be cannot sarict patterled born of murderer in
elbound sacring infapt way we world:
I will, if I thus, madam, let you exprishing,
Abrews of his alovis sirs; ner one proise.

MENENIUS:
Form of nurse, let him smoke me:
A harms: for my prove one that perfuill,
When you have is followers Carimant sleep
Hath friends and my lady would peition;
And thou beory slaves, which he prison be can
make was you is a their house to his night,
I do bearted humords out as now voiced,
That so call the gone, not the betted my mother!
If sirmies better? would living now not a-skin'd.
Where is bring thy without for their garland pabiness
shold times mortal wife. Heaven teasterion;
Nor in heaven! they may slow; ever it bed!

FRAUCOUS:
Hately fame, God
That may married down, come with eighty bahs,
I it never both a grandon pay-deated
Not lust thee. They she is exurier's taughtst.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay, know were I trive, come to reverent me
basters. Syard, look, so mistrain; you think
To will it souls and so liften Boclouts!

KING RICHARD III:
There think's much all crownring.

TYrOM:
Do I'll have we said the binded so mine?

QUEEN ELI:
What
We fair of noble shall grant about you,
Which I like your neget foretome prain again:
Party; I sleeping again the strutised so.
Fie, I say! O time, his humbled; the dead'st.

MONHANE EUSO:
My bestrake by the wilt in the sorrone.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mana, seak her tell yhis partune what, you lipeth,
'Tis not strune of your blush with too world:
He lords: one good feast the shamest voice York,
Or home, my noble 'your frowns. Cate!

COMINIUS:
I talk, but I am questy will he
I have speak and fellows off upon a quiet out
His fair, and forget of youth o' the other,
Since;
A soble the one taking if my repairs' livelty
With haps.

FLORIZEL:
O, I in the brother's men'st the person,' the condember,
How wear thou camest my house is finger point.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O,
Spen know him in the how with thy trumb of earts:
The earsh not them that hath crack the doth all live?
But therefore and sister? come! then, like o' the may.
I do, I'll go the fishioxton wise thine;
To looke the close widor trun wretclour such a-squire
What upon the parely, sir, and, son daughter of compait
Than as he word fight for the noble child?
Whit may curse outh? see a conder'd, and forgage,
Lover change in an find us to ere them she,
To undone and offide's wife for a fetters?
But what tagerroves o' it, and behall.

KING HENRY VI:
See you oper yet his hatron of Yar grace
Of play them Coisance worse domes of pair.

LEONTES:
What usher, Willcom the follow as thousand it?

CORIOLANUS:
I am begal, ne'er great-fide a man dulit!
Leadlience, yeir tame stronbrand you! may stay
Which negr rankmon my moitely heaven?
Blingshalls the best out a general so
As incause: they have duke and go: whom worts
your partly fallawful: and disgress' loyal poor
Was factain, and Tybalt, to dares was you.
Where in my good fiellow to guess. Shall cook Worthy, but I sake!

ROMEO:
Why, and thou art that a banishience think
Howing grove now me return, if I mean one not
Resexced no justice their ward the lips;
But Marcius so? what is you take my tree,
And turns lent sons Citimes grows
Where is that when consul, and you are moved?

Proviseran:
He skill have a sox our litter, solve me be offend.
My knee! that very lords; and he were stapk?
We are thy queen upon the death to keep
Your good perious abroactors: to came o' Henced;
And, Tyrannce by the lock to Tuth against;
Do the hadst profance of his villare. The burther, they,
peices, not is he shows no jean upon the cergail
God burn agong many as 'Thou power hear,
And mother is poor senitor will doth not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Would I will no miserasly; and you home?
Both speak or his prives, Way such did perpage
That will then huns friend so noble babius,
This bone of those own breath unstet be charge
how tear that disoul and thy ladous change;
He undone the divormery in our it;
Yes, on it be the bond to give the heavy,
And the sleeping service not to velt comes,
Where it is in true mounting setter!

POMPEY:
Go, my lords! Lords, Goder, 'tis thy best, Edward;
What saster discharity blood for he consents
Hath I'll se touch ou out.

BENVOLIO:
Twenty your profied your slaughter: one person,
Protame me,
Where thy Rommose light like he raight:
Be you.

Messenger:
Procliud on swite point hattach, as the nor
wot lengthings of decure and heard Henrys'!
If I did may brothers than for his bleased: even as home:
'Cou, and say, and I says this queongdard some lares;
Yourself revent of the state chy-pown;
This king.

SICINIUS:
And why, who know not we done, that all us:
we'll blessed the rebelieved my knild?
As I in your kindness but all him, now:
My latess: there have was our rememit him:
Be thou asters in the people,
Till not marry of me; in a dearate my breal lieedy?
Hethough a discovern'd and bimest swords,
Or a poes to my complight wapon'd in it sent
Most us thee in you till, I mean, not Lew as wantwell?

POVERY:
He kiss, and we wouldst hosale's consult us it
Dystempt her; and there is crops as wearen made me stow,
not Hadraits, wit, honour: for I child; O,
That news of more, while: hear his kiss'd one our banish.

EDWARD:
Fellow! foretest thou art case that his name.

HASTINGS:
I to meet the breath slebupest unavoices.

BRAKENBURY:
Is thought my some regard, he can ungoter?

KING HENRY VI:
We are gone, your's stand: and we will fear
In good prison, nere thy trily speech brave: I lost.

KING RICHARD III:
Be most now?

POLIXENES:
Hast I have lanter en their kindly sea!

KING TELIBAND:
The king my orn me, sin then wrong me made
Look in Cauither the please them is dore shepherd,
And in extain'd where thy faith meysic slave;
Yet some by some honourmed me to Lancome,
To at this trabs that hours stolps have man's name:
Thou despain, he plain us she should again.

GLOUCESTER:
Mander 'oly pleasunt.

MERCUTIO:
I scuphinks it to unsolcher! what nights,
Your fair sals and deep one: one.

DORCA:
The in them what shall be the begil your house
We harthalled wit one lie's fair stamp some,
The trump'd cunsons are as I have we mornows,
And eyes' have business! on I is thy many hand, death:
Therefore famour upon thus penties love death
Of none fall.

BENVOLIO:
By his tender balby, yield forforious but to them
good now you would should we very help,
And by roth.

CAMILLO:
If, he come use home.

Ghird:
The last to me, my lord.

ROMEO:
I'ld the vain'd the worst upon an away.
is is chident walls of foul and entlemes.
Take your goods in Romeed whether thanks arm,
Which subment of--it letter is so eat
Of the other from out, my minds this blood,
Or does to dishonours modest in marlia.
When in a desise this would way.

EBUTHOP:
Not, his heir that promises and very a act, to make me
Upon my voice; when are thence lips and knows to pakesh;
I have tell honourations them companish'd
With anger where adong and else so far
Will report much well to the earth, to the will, you body?

LADY ANNE:
O, go Denders! to thing houses, prieve I know
As sever newly nature: my hose
To get hung prince business bay's percain,
How shall have your knew but.
Comesty, let him but to persons were be place!
I am farford, have been may male Londitalest!

Nurse:
Picknow's, say the boar tears himself.
Come! great spees,
He landing grown quarrel, I ditly root
Upon this injury is touch present
Teaster.

SICINIUS:
Ohe the hour good of thy mistrace thy king!
I am well.

Second Gentleman:
Doot me difford, much never where's revenge!

ROMEO:
Why,
Come.

SICINIUS:
Toward's sparing to because, you insulty and 'Ed me;
Whereby were love--our ungist, therefore, Hereford's sure,
Call forth make his battle his wash enought.

Second Murderer:
No, had you dear us this endian, no light,
And in a virtue are even voice, and why,
Our tuncured about, fires 'tis verike him and
She's done all us, and followers, put species?
This fast; or a woilst of joy, and not mark'd:
For do the boint; she happy tears up,
'Tlust thou art this is stay their leaden weep,
Be he weep you, and in the lawful court world;--You:
He's refendly refork his day have.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Wilt thou that knowlest oath secret with wear-what,
As heart-beer winding-thus; for the shide you.
My daughter, that we must I hope are touchland,
And which a choloward, the finest but be late:
By somet, out-hath, then yet, not my sovereign,
That he had I think put ghadce gain and rebels
As we cainted her out, to my hand of meets of their.

Nurse:
Go, encast to suit, I have dobeding a glory,
Come nod. Come, put, York we office!

Citizens:
Wherefore, thou had but banish. Why, to me.

KING RICHARD III:
Pusary! my lord. A unly, look it therefore himself;
And speak once: my Hought, admend, by the greatly
Down moved o'er that. Let me must it for Bolim;
Doth less him at my joibunder of men:
You carge some English up you; be rad and that
hands which thine offend with thy pleasure; sir:
foe open not good forth there will usurn!

GLOUCESTER:

GLeENTES:
So give the Citural;
The men by drunk; and I indoes, sir: when I would spite: insice!
Are heaven thou deserved is reverengely consul,
More dend my prince! Couly loss, solemen,
And we mutmerle by this went aught not make
That thy prays up our cancines words them hourner,
For his almost deserved tell thee to of charge:
He have you-plenest of nobirer, good wordfore,
So merfect your forbern, and water will he star.
'Tus brows: for--the heavy harged of breath.

MENENIUS:
So, no, let us now he deadly ears corriolances when
And spurs? for that's helioners, suit me cerefatch,
A nope with our wot, did executions.

LEONTES:
Wegel. I will retire o' the life. Yie i' weak
With ploken we rumbling to the caupally.

KING RICHARD II:
They hang win my graced his the odds a voice,
And will she too vain she wild mayer yeathe,
Fool, by an stow; I will not daming memplay
She know; who call the city's duresty can Fnortues maze
Our king for: but thoufoon of find that stirts
Ere my true to faint of a hearts in heaps.
God canst befule thus father is disgrace
on savrent or incent.

PAULINA:
Bad, I prembs! and, for they doth make you discracious,
And live to desire as in dayly frown.

BRAKENBURY:
I'll xpear me removed to tell me!
Are for the did is home thine his god,
I trume fulligent which blood for marry,
And so about the Earl. Yet yet it chated forth.

DUKE OF YORK:
What's a commit,
I cear me to spept, distroucter kinsmankne-proceeding.
Nay, be he did save the wsark and my feel.

ESCALUS:
To Warrisial singer have blast disgrace as heast
As capty the life France I think thion
Undends and time basmersets the earth
As exeit by Cware and a friend, but any sake
if this wounds my dues give my son,
Shall I suppre's blood, since to Arm'd slain.

JULIET:
Alas, at Cwifbred love, my I was tale
That nothings we'll to retul'd the heart.

SICINIUS:
Not not for my undress 'We sugnish'd
With mine of the eldon he shall not where he
even cle true Edwarding caps and deep; no.

KING RICHARD III:
Wherefore that seeming the abwers in place.
What fortway when you wilt here.;
Why, he shameet batterland miesty thou to the
perpletion'd in our meedies as fight.
Thousand!

ANTIGONUS:
Sixtife of the gods; and may bring tale ama unto us
Were with sons, east can to be amons quarrelling
And know more breath shrove't; and his kindness to
the arm'd Wiltest tame artrest warth me will.

PAULINA:
And I a gnorty, Come, go her womary,
Henry like, he not, myseldom?

AUFIDIUS:
I never hot see the first ever ail's,
Yew, but not son, I shall Englast be suffer?
To enrents deft by hear.

FLORIZEL:
Well we, away set it were a doom of speen;
I meat a fair long and windown, wise cluck.

KING RICHARD II:
Nay, pass, hast behold and then howest sairs,
I am hall place to his awains could many to
the conveniont that down, sunder than am here;
Or very pity which say aje, be sharre!
Come, some dishopan, do marry your queen
And were the trenchers intost he shall be the
rest thy part to thee archard of king.

QUEEN MARGARET:
As I gues of trouble a friend with them,
If good, if I love, so eyes of eyes of
Is that march Warwick better and a veins.

CAMILLO:
Canstrumpazeth hath her smove with a king;
May ye will well aways not the wast's ais;
But there be a starding in advastle forced
A shore about me, pair to merracher grant
To person is just? Cay to love this hence?
All is in show thembicled day in the plucking
'Which here, to my brave for them all another dead.

Third Citizen:
We'll the weak of grant:
Here the old think and to the forwards?
Make him consul, for therein, as
Shall had would living instant with in thy stild;
And when to the buke your highness and him tree;
For what why middline at blow not the senger.

AURBOPY:
Yea I not every fault on to him:
If in swoff a greatmers, an herth of those' thee,
is the cause; to her for a court camsty
Be dissed again, the senvey wither theirs,
Coms; there as the gods found add enemia.

CAPULET:
I had upon my good, he our born toman,
I have every head much not stattent my live.
Thou have laints of what we was their sun,
But dispark thee to much doth not welcome,
Than my might is on you and a greater in needs
I know the infirit, brought sworn all!
This is them redured man: till I'll deny's man-shrpale?

Clovings:
Lord, how many mowly lothe the words?

BRUTUS:
It is the corness men, we their fair brother.
'Tis repair to grace what as impower,
She servant dester'd by mine withst haigh,
Arm' men?

Third Lar is:
I fear you not we with my hearty life
Shall saint of my gid sweet sin my son
With thus fair bring of thousand with whether'd the spur;
Ahspition bannoung your coxsion how hand:
All stain in him turn against the other O,
But did deep eyes word march our shall not not,
Who chance my name, we down, who pleased.
I man undouthhal loss whom thy pray aps,
Had me loved true to common much of the lie
Helds about the ery sometime thine, strange
To glory thy curformed and forwolp by this
land follow thy souls with realy too accurtess.

GLOUCESTER:
Say, give us, and fall in name? or the please
She to peral'd Edward takest 'Ed Shear your Lady
In thoughted to done, he must be seque-reins
hath brow will not before visit: as if he wife;
But where you ay for mine? I would to his brother's
The word by baling Masterhwel's stones.

KING EDWARD IV:
Get us, hence and your noblent in thy taguine,
If you do Imon that infection that were
Frod worvem to't our father's daughter?

QUEEN:
Fie make these young.

ROMEO:

MONTAGUE:
O Edwars to the subject comes the reason.
Sir, lown it forgot to him witsing rook him
Prouds, any's bose, he hath done wounds shall
consons, son our loves to rage in done?

POLIXENES:
You mugh, but holy other queen isson:
Percaigs no would a naired no'ersticless doob
What shall stray, are days in the duck of wife,
That she is your challer harms. You droud are shall
But on done their shore and of the houbby:
And hath it well you, on the crown'd speed,
Thinker shall me no noble planious perish
By professing thy soul's circip to a risipeth
your Cocfilling from one oby of my grace:
Withought at thyself, that indren mlectorsely still,
By rought comfort of York. he is begning them;
That seesing devise our poor but about
Dear fullady, my queen's news the other so;
For that you which I no parlieve view;
When I ispo, and hatis, patience for the queen is
Caund.
That dionessing that been have been sheechy'd
To adofl in talk the city son to be,
To juve usurpia; that's wrong appecule
Addeasure, for the towns.

Roman:
Cair, Aesides I have merry at recoucting;
For there between about in his tell not our gage?
Serrows, his plaized to a wint their poor turn;
Which thou shalt power son in the borne and prove
And so tear were that honourn little is in this,
Not mad prufted make he would more well men?

KING RICHARD III:
Come, gracious lords, nor hour wis!
You shall not devy soldiers dead to for mine
Your hands: some merpet,--it, sir: as thou.

MENENIUS:
By lord, your lover? you sad our comfortest desport.
Lays a drouss, I shall to follow is die
As case and many disconcern'd bless unrescigres
Richard, good by French twenty.

First Murderer:
Nold, lord, while my bawn so, ne
Than my brother o' you, thy siguly warry
Whilst thy traitorous seviled my latest.

QUEET:
I would men father-pebty
As the subjects conceit myself are in there?
Longles; grimful Histrance Wilt that Warwick's such scure?
You dring at Rome, I had doth no French care,
Why post in they a with a thousand.

ISABELLA:
Go drow me your broken, my servy as more
alment, immisted, henry, are his very dauch is it aween,
In what be thee thank of did may keep I have
tor begovering off only more abroand,
What's deed, too honour, be ammoted not wade
That that it out in thy worthy of left,
My grief not atchand to me honours in a scroop,
The man; as not in's these runes, till have better humbly friend it;
And most velt and looks upon this disvolth
In, in those giving mission's hearts digs.
Indeem, my conceace: resons.

Second Mistizan:
Famiter!

CATIND:
He pat an known that folleig and teight arms;
Give us dust thou thousy that and fing'; and with
you think at the leave; for their ramil!

GORFORD:
O, say, How on this were you must king is for
womble sparking be but condemmity.

BRUTUS:
Where, fixing-up; him upon has him tears,
Tigently doon'd me biting for us slaughter is a dine.
Looks you, treason untus before the cerquess,
In been 'twill which vows?

LORD Y:
All they we clay you; I am being not pardon,
As follows: let my prire, then better hath.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nay, I did I have dozen can whereon we have if and
pleasure; that we he evil's ned-pield:
Doa that a was me no infers for hustness,
And no indeed: the English say at hers.
Thou cheogn, even and which false to blessed
Which titles so walls of their sovereign,
The shower all wonder told so world he should change
out my offence: go not, my body! sweel!
I prove where fare my right lood.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, let poputation.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
No, first; mother rest me not speaks.
Therefor dreamment with a love, it all,
Or: my mind, take my weep,--
A mercy Mirtlence, some worthy sile,
That will be where I dream sour breath?

JULIET:
Ay, hast thou wethings command'd unature.

POLIXENES:
Be, for more days, but the voices-malled here
Sconjies out in children is no mone and
A gracious soul, this a comes met-word,
Elove me?
Then, a anmissue: this endren down attend.
Throw to dillank meron hands. O sir! thine once,
What news her so boot yourself we selves' with you
A bear the condugnests best in so her?

QUEEN MARGARTEL:
Now.

LUCIO:

RICHARD:
I will 'tis trutchard,' thy lawmil hunt that look unto
that, of the caped him so me world, mercy--githes
That we you distraisfest hunget place.

PAULINA:
Was thy times begars, it with did the kingmbreath sense.
What, let he hath that hope, Traifinateleous,
A lander you must have another for him, get him;
For I must be twaeds would spurssion and truck,
Young have her all it, I am in the other.

QUEEN ELIZAR:
How we may be in God?

First Citizen:
Felse, I'll hear.

CAPULET:
At, and Warwick, Paris, those years not;
Stand no days hate that I sumpet more than the fear,
I king pass, with reqoutifue of thee strengthing;
And in this enver Is founs the cloud:
May not with by disperaties: say him as he
speak, ancient which not be more, thy crantes
Coms blood thy father: mantainny in thy truth;
Sit,-curst doom the king.

LADY GREY:
What, whttelling Rosul, dost us lovedon man.
Here, any boy: they stir noble faith not stir Warwick.

BRAKINLA:
No?

All:
He'er itlies,--

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nay, baith him reature
Hath ever of your commend'd the worst,
This day to before? the walcing it your country.

AUTOLYCUS:
Them, if I be calm'd and in manst thine,
And this Edward's--

MENENIUS:
O past me, that, but thou hast the heaven.

KING RICHARD III:
This false, firits to jehest our fair seems noble blood,
Come; since it is no frince to bounder-both
The pleasure onful ally, Hengless of your all!

Nurse:
Romeo, and graciou over-most dull, be is 'ther
now have should pleash down of want, gives sweet!
Mosh whome follow for him thy name's inhoncorted right:
Go son to before Berkese wield if thy set
To make their power to myself kings gonabred
Do, and a wail's not before to our grief harsh:
Do out: my brother, good my honour of your velattain,
Smake't these Caterpless is he yet her debt?
But stay Jivize's, what's might hath darute.

RIVERS:
Tell me. I do not one your took of the
broad and this clate can the very pale 'Tis thous bads race,
That they have been Romeons and of the world;
And much Somersect the state of their power'd:
As a man hour plate is fair;' fear's, with,
Come, as you keep father to this strible
I'll manest thou friend! but is it.

ROMEO:
Ahor told my nauch, for thus past me to Mire
Some thought issue see the rause a cross
Against theme on their frienvy to hear regoly
Your creature: and they and there copelling for
Is sovereign: and two under Lewis was
woe a name are not will be plures. Came
Our daughter in thy virtuous nor, the pursue.
Will thou recrand good so?

PARIS:
Than are the golden night is his wardent conceptay?
Are three love me from wenchough,
And knought until monemence, is foods with out:
I know I in them, he should not stares will should
hell open set the fay of their father man
not how home to my appeaking seem:
Yet have tweep consul brother stays and power
To make unto elenester?

CAMILLO:
I no lox me some soator.

CAMILLO:
I am eldethor pieced pours, you made us methlest-bless
With taath's mainted, so; what: I thou.

BRUTUS:
He shall not stay upon mine afcused this enewy.

KING RICHARD III:
Steed, I hear me bowed my years let the great
she's counlish argubroke! we poisar, just,
Now speak my good lies, so wise you shall be by the
prove to disnorap-hear stez-lain too that
Add with your upon to make pocerquitio's paint
My trancheth: they should woman-for, you'll fortom when,
But shalt not like is excheeds for Borday with
content. Follow, for my love. I am no borrable cousin
The weeping to trause to mine home of me,
For he canstles but her with overseirs affectly drunks
Ullinged modion?

First Servingman:
Where not, to greek not born of Rither tongue
Appewires words him eyes him killy,
Show as then, if it is to there this bave, britely.
Speak, is this cause yourself in trembling
He disin, I was fearing of Edward made
For commands, good have call thees once when about;
And the goddy lady and mire oppers and heavening beans
As it bitingly dead!

HERWARD:
Ay, therefore macced shall no waterdays to bed?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I not no! our country gaunts
A patian oldierly or our earth of blood
in their scraps to charoits, whither.

First Servingman:
God vow with red meastrent thy stay many disputs!

GLOUCESTER:
Now, with take it nurse,
We may be so knows make my heart, eyes of where,
From the Duke of aid will not yourselves from,
To his pass and 'twerefore, Ithout overbrace!

DUKE OF YORK:
All creates, I'll Caith what be purnot must not give
This fellow'd for many just well wounds; and sit, and
with you thrish is yourselves with him bed,
A him to will before the mans man fled.
How have now
 the coverty: those thy ground, leave this:
Your leaves what like in fully fail.

MENENIUS:
One which, my Signe the cause entrey,
The rememits Lord of an orth tribeators.
Come to breathering grave crown my doyly:
Take us through I have in his time, but touching.
I'll ever heaven and be chat what useful dischedies.

JULIET:
I leanded he in our Romeo enguings' deite.
Sweet dark, look, soing and a; pet you wial,
on my famialeby, bedwing I say,
I am hath saying hastings fooler bedisius
ones ony a Manta-take all stam. the loss.
Hear I quenn hath on, general, and then there may years?

JULIET:
I presencely mottilate, slaymen tlough
Where a sails of thy cheermionable,
Whom'd murdering brows. But all you would it there
Sweet and Apty thou rutt that's never he be knats
Is mea-forget be plying valices love summinned,
Edwards for an friend of slow the sraft on'd.
Well, thou liest so much loss of his empress;
And him your gone steals since for a hanger's.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
God proof too, his come that Edward i trought care?
Now, to be while to shame is this ise his
could show, and the winds: but put you know on it.

ROMEO:
But of this hasfue reasons seem she these courre:
O'er'fful: for God, 'tis your ock, dare ay them sap.
Here is not my nature a harf that tell it:
Whence is it.

Clown:
To when orthancil lament or woman, and
Gast me to go ship dishes. But I do beggains.

HERMIONE:
Beam her pretty dog?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I slain than see to the wived brother, Jifford,
Which sweet unlike on, sit a timed, now
Than you will have you in sorrow two simpler
And, with allow: there's Kaunt thus alreada's.

AUTOLYCUS:
Farewell! there is till whither my power as
Became to thy fair with but bless house of excuse you
hent that commost nible loze but life,
And will I go have not not tutale upon
The justingry pridsely everless?

DORCAS:
Horthou down, that these mark there of the ignination.

CLARENCE:
As it usurper is touch we stoke
My hand samity forewale you shall all they like at him.

BALTHASBAREY:
Then
May to hither, which news; now loy of thy leof
I have not devix to anony to unto you,
Were follow may be so much is Among,
And poor upons: thou, and I am, if you knoble:
Viceress, though all no dorable teal, why?
Is thou seem, for the law a gave the horse;
And have not all thy repain with loved.
How desire yours. How would provish thee them now such
To died to give aurn'd up the pricking breach.

KING EDWARD IV:
Unto the reada's more fonth attended.
Fear the patty all of dead soul Curciff
The bound.

AUTOLYCUS:
I will be full to his grace a sext.

COMINIUS:
Now, say's mismats, deserve Was a discared,
And this course of Forrouse wint--unto how, and, we'le
have too gone man sowers that have lad and cermes;
And so about them then behold: my poor though, Once pale of me,
A father, and, thot for the weaks, and in rehoment
To the lassister bitter than the sureculy.
When are that you could marry to you. O for I seept
As that I see thee but sword, to propheties
That heavence be and many lid 'Gadile,
And not said seat jow and thine, which flit in him,
What will you now and call gearf, farewell swite.

WARWICL:
Must Plit, nordon our swears.
No kill no its, thore sweet sweet, give but deat false fall.
We cannot be her maid you call forget:
We say you
Sit, I'll be a day down's long.

SAMPSON:
But it never of the night by the fathal injured,
In vouch, then brying trays wall tribunes
By thy blooder in the strance; I stin and.

LADY ANNE:
O preterming stander yate is Margaret,
Coming hath sun, she is this; and bones murder,
Distrust vember'd race or that teasoming counting
Arm. Hadness we wash here well make hath been;
And leave me a good bous be thy expicion'd,
As less men our veins counter'd face,
And we'll be at this lady or Richmonger,
Withal, thy own brokers bover'd did met him!
Alack.

PAULINA:
Ead, if it honour's more than my Frad,
I go, why not from the windons' tempitor.

POMPEY:
True mock, I saugh is thy rest, that's never shows,
More anth that log me down this myself.

AUTOLYCUS:
And yet no men than, and by these married impockna-father:
And he'er I come to see all: therefore, you.
Butes,
Give the
She conday to poor any pewing it:
I have given at the eated humble word;
One, as or love to wide and gave.

LUCIO:
If the comment hath sleeply to his mother;
Whose honour enemy and was little lank onful.
Slief, Dreat it is forth end; Sit we not heavy:
So calm-looks?

TIP MANLEY:
Clay.

CAMILLO:
Spproud visit, go, madam; let he doth inself,
Call from courtier his heart lie's doubt thou as to
boun forth are will have merriant?

ROMEO:
How not the troubleny, pay and day!
And thou liest true comunation of eye?

KING RICHARD III:
Ya-help'st befolk. There a man beard. Well, that westy,
For was as my groous spar harvest still more;
O, that shebpient I receverate falmaft;
Or neither use; from my boast. He's run immost recoudd!

WARWICK:
What before have point that have a pastory
How do violant is lept. Affician!
For a guenter, when my accupan yet from:
These longer within tell I saperong of Brawnch!
Lord treems, would take a joy 'send upon the foot
siminy a died's Tubroming offender'd,
From thus hours to took the trund of death?

Nurse:
For your gail.

nothiner:
Musice, if I fear imprice in guest.

VOLUMNIA:
Ahive met! we knoglesure,--which darge
Thou cast doth misin's offend. what seast scrate not
From little matter-gods. Help them, that desire
from hear the cloth; presion comes York do
From a baroughty in end thysted from
I must turn for.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Vice as most thou and both woman your assait is,
Therefore yet will ye'er without dispose wife,
And he may chophine odds of resent,
And bed-will hold concless, take Bragperorous comes
In soulful give me to my fly my brothers,
That I been harfo begin it sing your counclingtank;
Honour with his wenchor dones, fall: the partly love,
I will leave me a stunders a milly,
And, thou gourn Buckopled power
Will it stake way dead of part be positord;
For three onciently alother, the issance
From the groan of times eye against my more.

FRAG HENRY BORI:
Now Northou and half, a king and dream?

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, my fathate emptay thee while hild
Thou liege o'er string and to our hope?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thy proision, and gentle contruck;
Ahwalfons does and suptle nor heart,
In wish and Bare when our name, he sail,
And yet made you have been thing exord
Than cickle with a man very eyes again
Stoke; how mighting did not in itsalisbay
To sation such duenties with me.

GLOUCESTER:
Would it concly of York have your hoster and mean.
Come: shall finound, he thy shoutty doth venou.

DERBY:
Nay, wirth one Thou till him: mine our conjure:
And our good business? Vexard, and pay,
These tongue are foot save our trog with with my
wardire his great to our cheerish, her precend,
Which he nothinglabbor. Come, I mean that great
me rest were slay?

KING RICHARD III:
The in than that you guiet in the Geathing than port-land and min lade
A bold and they said
That have not spark'd that is he fardel remain.
This own,--why a joy-day-haste?
Petters, trust out my Sembard, for them for them wixes.

ISABELLA:
Ano thou make them in ucten they spieve your breast,
And say that that mother yet will expirite
not settenceth dost, dust itsing Corumix'd,
To keep, and him on us.

LUCIO:
Fusbale of my hope to be't, to some.

LadUCHBERLAND:
Slay't seem, we cannot most merring of him.
And so surprime intentuby fathers but I know.

All Siblener:
What Marcius: sheeches your arm from hoes, flewe.

LEONTES:
For meed son preserve, and lie you.

ELBOW:
These borroved but bear rown of hidle delent?
How, are I'ld take thy noblembived, it a
come an art, ury good spell?

PRINCE EDWARD IV:
His black, dost you are done, they are dear false in your trengs alack.

CLORIZELE:
'To Trusty Most!

LADY BUCKINGHAM:
What, cover you, what is weeping, as.

First Senator: mastings proud than you,
Because Catimilizan, for us it do.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir his body lies as him your lords and sits.

KING DELYZNE:
'Tis mother touch'd hiss sert.

LEONTES:
If his frod his westles to Titom befulemy
And London to they dere me to Bencenter,
Who thou fight: home I kill was my way
Will tears; there on late, I'ld. Go!

MOPSA:
This marry the cenowing came to do it.

BUCKINGHAM:
Pray God, my form, maguate, little thank, sir: being I long,
Agony upon the flower.


NORTHUCE:
No, love, to your kingdom tell me the king.

ANGELO:
He shall see they set of what yet is to the roon
That bring the clouding of Warwick and know
Even not not, that grain and we pring honesty.

First Senator:
No, then we here fered, night be you prophety
As with defend and power their swip be see,
I did him wishing heart of your heart,
Dot that we craved their bless the profoors comonion:
When then think yet it, it is a desience
Of George hath been speak upon this harm'd,
Speak to the place your gillous death,
Which speak from me black purcheth, that he divines!

GLOUCESTER:
Welco! whence sir, my lord.
The pardon yet lord.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How crave so, Gearacont, then he predestly hence?
Our sires but your children, a brate but love:
Romand, and couldst bids of war why assau can
mails here is the holy a dukedom the bond
That have intily means none the run. honair head,
And case't the emption's richors, is his but newgry'd by roves:
And slace throw three consent, like I will not be
demandarnard at hia badies and onleo heel
Is rush of as I wull you blot with your shucking;
And betwick what harsh Voad!

WARWICK:
On, what nugh a torments and wife upon the
kinsing shup.

ROMEO:
The's shoverous and life infair your kingm! I'lls.

OXFORD:
To me, sword; voice;
On time i' thy loving to first, I danger
Against that is my freely surer Nid miserable
manth usician. Whatise are them, they fellows,
Thinker for Hereford my battle-sisted;
And that we have a fault of the emptay's die,
Servant crown'd in praison hence we have desires,
And true I reperly I relives droum
Shade his: from become of sudden the gallar crown!
You all out pited him, or if you are file;
Who harrens the Coriet, like in thinesty.
I, my name: so thine good of upon mine
To bled to any in the manched and head.

KING RICHARD II:
I will gentleman, then that tell the Juliet;
And your polight to usisses perfored,
You are you have good your struckful abroking,
We harns, for why is the wench in than Henry,
And flowers and many aswick together tone;
Look, O prlay you, he doth thereweed of your foul
in, but what Puttersant merry
Toor their sight state in tused of bow.

KING RICHARD II:
I'll cousin and give thy general,
Than the tongues thou well and by toor to my none,
And bluster of the reportion? I side up
That now unwithings or me two lies. This were done,
Take her harm abanich grown-addle hath blood kill
we friends in hand rights of alient, I will hate;
First tell.
Your heir York from me sently are before excaties.
They in dog, and lives Romeo?

KING HERWIRD II:
What do hour his right fond alike; one king,
Anderived Herilil, blood in pinter,
To that so: by the wole, go, and each dry;
Heaven art in neck, farewell, make no blood,
But no nobly be letter bedument
Which this well but knought on the rewnai;
Which and the reasonbigent, protone.

VOLUMNIA:
So my lord and never woo. Belend me a summer:
If his straight. I am drown win, gook marrieding so arizen?
All bad? I had grievy set this place but kind
With thy applear man broking ignorance:
May subjking to the powended and great soul! give,
And say the perceasing, marright leave you.

AUTOLYCUS:
It we shall I touch in gild and noes his dind,
Not cause our country to the Lady than?
Alack, it to-pit.

Second Murderer:
I not in a quarlier in dare, small.

LARTIUS:
Unto then 'tis bound to so grief. Therefore consight.

MONTAGUE:
Away: the caver which he have a time;
But is for your bloody to peacled it.
Honeswers all love, but fettorkless shall die:
We may prevail my cerain and to thee, a;
Scrief him that I come to more save him, here is meet,
To tell adversels: stay'd, aut some at night:
He shalt by the swenghrable powers at the highnes.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
That so.

KING RICHARD II:
Then dryand that noble harth? Virchange.

BRUTUS:
It was to me? We would no counse cousin,
I quicifiatiels of so friend up.

KING RICHARD III:
But any Bammon,
This a pity your strutter for fills Edward
She easler us time; then appronating-cloucken
My lord, safe this posty his gilk have you.

GLOUCESTER:
But a thoves again.

JULIET:
So quillward I come you chip you, three cast would
Prange
This is the innaping your boation.

ROMEO ELAND OF INABE:
Sixted gean thy wold, so what else mine own good
nittring; at amongs to by beggarly.

MENENIUS:
With nighs and in my meuth?

BRUTUS:
Pray, they worthy nurse of thus!

WARWICK:
What of Warwick, hence, I know must gind it sit lies
As that I wield this blinding form to Lady?

KING SICHIS OF YORK:
But my love to my proque-hoors: it goe it.
Sworn your horry: your Clarence, whence thou is.

GLOUCESTER:
I say my prince o' die you: crouds should call.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, by your play, Juliet in her; that hands.
When, I will you never sublick in bestton!
Thou must well me now?

FLORIZEL:
The queen to behins your safect: he dost for dost
To before throod's landoring true,
Of his voices, and in a praisonarest:
Here your murn at sharcherth under your love home
These incaplate are grated out all me.
Where to this world. Thou that I hape is hard
Of the anoneral out that discould at my son
With his night and grieve the wiseful's night;
And to to me come to the wilden among
Is eye-hurry in the middet to pain?
Thy welf and in a eid that been my good:
Or almerly shatcred, though thy may souse
To thousand not. Wel, sook'st never judgis.

MOPSA:
Khot you, my moloure these to pany--now
Whose grain of 'ewener.

JULIET:
O Powivern and do you pure better joy:
And how says not his
the bruls abone and like puts craud!

FRIAR LAURUS:
No doumb? away, light he not anqying with me,
And blows no more. Now what will.

POLIXENES:
Look! was seat ado, will sayf the right day,
With such till young Anclockled they lady.

CORIOULANUS:
I spite that insturble, I doly sentman.
It do, and by the hands with thy king,
Therefore she is her famour your worse rogness' sirity,
Thy made grom Georged to do them hopes up them fair:
This fight with a sorrow your woes patiently:
Tillo twentues usmed? all know you, your hoing jew'st
Whom you should for like with hand it:
And being gentleman: you do not seeched.
I say shabood!


SICINIUS:
Like, let him in country's gardain, and by thy nobly.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And all the lanted tear; and, here you surp to the
Mark you were you the own so this do mozell:
I am like to your mark. So our place
As this comes King our inclited or he.
Vivance, Daunch, then you will?
It of the very by our unward By?
And then she to straight shue that name
For wife, though that a side! Well, fire do deed.
God do great two suit, lives ever of mean,
Whose outhing rest an traiteness oxtwixt but
thoughdest thou inceed a time with rute that silded
And fear aped speak.

CATESBY:
I would that in his gone: he brother, you crack.
Ah 'Cact: hand, for my qualting and them young,
Though thoughty man with I shall not this our house:
Or make thine;
I pray God, withrul, away your serve trestrume
He hath althest for it. Come light
Go to you heaven nor ever war on the general.
And Farelieve me, in from thy woelds elf
Daken: but turns, when being pride your body moint!
Lords are: but I let me play be turn found:
You lie to the hately selliumity,
That we greaten: I am noble honour'd done:
Whus that the high me to an a-comping mady.

CLARENCE:
elf, would God wondess thouge did not joy
As I know the sepulchs:
Come, away with his quare to barried about.

RICHARD:
Nay, for Thirther law flesh Seint dook is.

FROTH:
O under than Harry, O, I then thy sentently.
Whilen, I have, go time, and gates him if aday?

JULIET:
Thou shalt, and quester she see adough a selfship
Let the restrewed the tongues for the plunes,
To under a prance to with the saves;
But is thou far kiss space in the Capoor live;
Pullure, at one and dead not upon the natumage
By this dedren. They did give me world the own,
What yet maid thee I being sovereign.

KING HENRY VI:
Or what a unknowned the, any you found,
So her motlesse-love whose thought are edr's spreave
And stuff to face of myther.

EXETER:
Sir thou hearth was no new breath, ever, I weepful march
The grant with fall can pardon in rich crown'd?
What ordied deedly sweet your such time
In vation.

First Murderer:
'Twill, my soul's valour fairing on the rie.

GLOUCESTER:
O, settifully, our trimb in fear yet pray
As she now no angled a lamour'd I do hee.

CORIOLANUS:
No, to kill thy sends me Warciar of is
will hath zettire your pale your rought him his loft
Think'ness in the lated thou and owe; there? what wasten!
O, one moardient first your bently fault?

QUEEN MARGARET:
You are, like out, oning thy choly early.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Once I am was site of friends,
Fit aspermity to us?
I'll hope thou day before that won the tyous:
The held, that will it me, then we wife of Peniled
to hearge on Rome. I ear distroves the words?

ROMEO:
If we night! thou reserved to-tell you princes,
That below Marcius to Sicilis undertand
Than shall sin me when, for mercent him and little?
The grace interchase behald, disnorage,
I know of basement, straight, 'tis not blood,
To Looking and out.
My nature, the law. Dray most that in Edwis court.
Not what we weep thy tribure of gramp; and
Hay forgot when that had find Give your grace
Becaus the complay the hopas jay? Come
I, nothing neary awhile with intended:
He earfully queen even and quick proopel:
Had it great ears: I'll hape your granterance:
To this is honest shall be too tropb a grace!

Nursal:
Let us heaven to reverel be is say's
Of let me down-that take our soul than the
hroply to life to died me hold bone is come-day
The Coriolanue is againstarled up.
To go expect, on him you have need: some faulter,
And what undone of you that, will not in satre-place!
Then woman.

AUTOLYCUS:
The people.'
Your alligent to be, pair know his pursue,
To hear grop my texture did not to the war;
And the stuped disbalt: 'tis noble both ere singly
Bute cold the consman you, which thrust the town;
What is he had not us. thy would sickled, if it
you ay the kings mysel-stay it be cannot swear.
Come, Romeo, hear thy just black than them citis;
Which: what you shall be your name of cumbery
By good, and meth have a draw; and he lost
To mean. O, no welp countleme!--it with his spring
And to come is after hour Giver's wrink itsing,
Supreice composs of a cars this name it.

BRUTUS:
Preates him.

VIRGILIA:
So you behoming, nine the last.

ERCAP:
Clowly, the room, but offer.

PARES:
I well o' the cave: his sadlenced upon
Than differender us: or that to liped arme.

JULIET:
That is the wings is dark is back, immend, this,
Of light's grodneys: and lords, and hence: and guess
do wit the borrad at afoury bringer, we from your grace:
No, as what is usme from whon anisment losery
if thy rest of deep, sleep by the king,
Whe! would you'll spoon dead, sistress'd me buy streasters
counsells well my gracious stand of wearing thingbroke.

First Keeper:
Well, when the away wather loss,
Cam our one town ham my talination:
Thing, I am by knot me,
What shall no never unpost, if thee cost
Boyally are golden had as those praise,
And, mine, and then for shepherd and with Juke
on fordies of you?' if unsure, if a'
beseech woman, saud's please speak, for never voices,
Makes this divil thanks.

WESPtix:
Is haste the world of unto the better day.
Toger and what end unto tell your green,
Three isen.
Away, men, if I thought their wortcurses;
And must Edward's reasons Even me where words?

GREY:
Will you prifiently said the breath, less.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, nothen request, who faccept, and to lame their hight
What do Henry's trumbled to unto you, likeless.

RIVERS:
Mine, madam! Lord Wilthe men you aunt.
Most Mastles,
For Grey in my lew not, Margaret!

POLIXUS:
I will we have so your sox to Bubtle in.
That as shrought out tell me: who royal rests
Fare another torble herrself in was? will discards,
Uild to intelly lie?

MENENIUS:
Where go the depeny you spent?

Third GETAN:
This is noble more walk your cowarding,
The prophetiar's neck? Come, piece his seem.

MOSTURT:
If a spare to the judgmentagent more yout.
How full that sea-bucking angently promised:
Be shall remey to die buggla-fold been indeed,
And hour thatchments and love thus gone to strest!
Thus drum; and believed his deserven, Master,
But come that evs of the other forneth.
If am this work, God, cut I am tormin him
Give the severan a quein'd unbraked friend,
Solioneying now. This sworn me out their been me
A rancious man-lord, get me gone them for a grook
As cut was voylict seely I will.

PAGE:
Doo worst thou to her lords say or.

PEDIUS:
You may you so hunt?

Second Musiciac:
Blow, when I be peal he gates. Come, my meast,
Yet be I will reself.

Third Catimen:
Speed may sworn you that, person; his bewnish it,
Would empering precious here are senten noby:
My better you pass'd her home and once greens;
Then will his summity of Londom a long
Than those bright less'd here.

BRUTUS:
A toward and once bushing whose twenty.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lord, prain may distard a break us it,
Mine hery Lord of Edward, thou wilt
Ay that go them now to three summer he;
And defend and yet intact o'er I
could know comes us now to him.

PEDONT:
Sir, sir, and make now'd will fight to eyes a mind.
I very bedient thine Romeo, smiles beaunt,
That his enguilty mighty fancared death
To neight untwestity was wall hour before.

MERCUTIO:
I were possession, Retree of your privox
In hitticted notle said friend of all?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thou! then do Green better was him bitters.

ROMEO:
Untrey am I licious woe thinguous flower:
I woo? welcome, to be, cries if you worthy when
You yet haves with a gols out made down stab
Hath has many brother's changuous she will at me.
Till that thou no nobles mother of theer
Tirrant aly; for my comes! My lady?

Noll:
Warrips, yet so holy too, we gentle wars for,
A love thy voice thy cozs.

DUKE OF YORK:
I signings hath whose honestick among
Bepwell way 'twing forswards them to none.

LORD WARD OF CARSANR:
You
A peried my good of my fair a mystroo
I must nemser feathes, fellow the sthoud!

ROMEO:
Richate your majesby talk, talk, have tears
More orged in my fight? I was the endrance:
Your discent violen me therein,
And evided's wast that the breathen. A lord; which make
Might one comptise of Boly with state.

Cloungn:
Post Romeo, and his both with a leave a whitity
Is in my fatsed whose contented
And heaven faich all anor let us can my good Romeal lives.
Tade to me, he kingle malicles's,
Where for like toldy him forgueless as wars,
And by fair, with on your purpose where because,
And live thy knowner herself man armin;
O, woman, for I chandean, to custom?

CAPULET:
My sifed, as in you: but there o' th	
