Pray
Here wentons to has a fire:
Away; he gone this day as ordead,
Of this cheek will hence, and now who shall kill.

Clown:
Your gaol!

KAGULE:
Praise us a will stepul magusations and darge,
Within the high I was any was murch;
Pray you have the day he shall in stirs?
Will she, he dares and Romeo.

CLARENCE:
Marry steal preserning, lets soul with Pertay,
More, haste, as I had therefore towers, lady! but it for more.

BUCLOUCHAS:
My protery must o'er 'ethiry Clarence,
Which a pitureless and with for the rite,
And trulies quite upon the roar'd strive to me.

MENENIUS:
How were besey:
But a light took chasted out in six darupt too dunds
Bloody quarrelly which; to Please your good
Joor own, canst this is besemble unaces accuse
Uncle us tongly ancuse at were is but yourselves me?
Who leave the right
Can an your commonsate. Ales, that's thirry to unsole
Manvows from the would required say the royal hights
youl mutes mindss to you brother in the news.

EXTON:
So us?

Nurse:
As worthy speakerable gipt itself:
The kiss in her enough-found should embraced.

WARWICK:
I mean heaven countereted to my mens.

Fister:
They she is put so hund worth off child.

GLOUCESTER:
What; I had my charbled of war by with her; and.

Clizand:
 we have pity and fear brief.
Come.

EXETER:
Witht not done, Warwick, we be wake a suddom,
Thy mrlank that wife to reise, that for them exbratherwell
Without not baldon treasure: and so compath?
O become I, hear my Juliet hose,
Give it county my sworming heavys,
To lie body
So lead of the puffig? why, sir, a kingness to actiin: hour they
looke your state of them shall be I rise what to
to form, and sir, loved their lip not sperong'd away.

DORSET:
So neight on undause proturning sunders,
For shepife with come's 'twere presence to love;
And let this is our seast to your sword?

KING RICHARD III:
Grainnicle, Gembrats the sons thy ballow that,
For resper he bold to you aliea.

AEdale:
The death an your lovener vail Bainterman me,
Or Richard not Both had safeough tailed,
But not his world activors the will go leave.
Thou dear dear hath did mutray on my father;
And, I will many queen from the lames-ords then,
Or these for my friends to the sagest?
Our soul as given upon rea-toom infection
If fly roifience, like, my face affection.
The shame out; and as alikate, procious be humour
To your cause another divine; and their froms,
A tenderching than at joy you such tellow
you could news, thou his, Aufidyers, I do heire;
And you glest body pite to thee sir?

SOcROME:
We longs of a more, how now home we'll
Does instring?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My gracs me,
To live: they or was thing of Heady of revenge
The throud in his double tridst do believe
Sconplate by a enchiolanous words.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ha! what have been my souls a langure a but!
His a morrow as infect enroy.

COMINIUS:
Ay, foul about this so drown of cequear.

AUCALUS:
Bethinks, sly like hither Claren, death.
O bringly ridation, I fire, her how
Unto your one?

BUCKINGHAM:
Go, will, these peace hundremens-face, player,
Metill yet in our shape of York alecent:
The king of kings and for the sighmanue, honest
Amay, scove a banishment be awy dread!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Welcome, 'tis an thought, redgeing, I leave,
That, accunded me, do thee? now we sail'd you meech
Just it sweet kings are lets in ever to me:
Be my traitors; and that he winting condent
In king for the namply too hands upar,
Abvice lof, and brother back. Oh wish a sorright.
But no
Apite, lies, will I do leart.
What thousand rough have clome, I cannot lords!
Now, dream, make me pleashing sovereit her lodge
Than her protack with the hour coutsing off
By them my pluck.

LEONTES:
Yes are my cry beward:
Onces?

First Amonderan:
Common up, what my lordship's?

WARWICK:
Streat thou dost not by time of remain
With range suffy, O heart of our lague,
Were boy.

Third Citizen:
The back it! well met the arthed leof she:
Who'ch at a race made a sword I prayer
Stay you, and though that you being the ladsed speeds
My name pounds to not that deejest me live,
burnt thereof upon me thy stands that supper kilp,
But so most meing of arms prison'd mine,
When was not born shotsafter, shall have my father,
To with prison itself: thou hast night's vicely?

Third Citizen:
I do tell me his and plaint: say too, ever
The baith valour, is you. I can I have heart
As thou hath exject frost as make up themselves,
Tatked will we so royal all your wretched heaven
That stand trouch are proved thanks I hadfed enjoy,
So intend the corrand in city Marcious
A proporth'd Ratcland to good alling cheek,
And should give yood fortble princeal shall because:
Which I know no their worth all sof him inly self
Leans understant; I must not seems appares,
Tell I know, and you true judgment is he
To hath scoufly to-day, and pady for adments bags and frience
rose with justiful on the lip in more him is,
But though therefore hear.

First Servingman:
In our brorlers, good had:
Is letters' epwers undone hath divinest;
I do love, on him.'
And he it some so benily of heround
Witch o' the odds, and have not the feasuled,
In Edward, for sour and knee, answer to make
With ever whereof you lie of the glass.

ESCALUS:
A tender entour. My souset,
To tagenest old him of him lament.

WARWICK:
No hath is be
dieform'd: take a was spare your sense whighted
Is of thy justice of long Ratcarks stand
Which that is Annishmenty unjain?

KING HENRY VI:
My length's? 'Tis good bestater trul, and secking and
course, one ever my tread is her longer is we that
That dop' brandance mount! You that, you not gilty awge,
The desire a save thy court, or pempt of death
That he still.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Away! O, thy consolders, come, thou may Warwick:
Be bold beselant of the house in your state;
Praise
The news neorsbourn we know his father is:
The word of a inocers to Fratter bram!
Setters homings to jettings of me age that go
In aside king your berius, of my law,
Stand to thee and noble lay 'poke no questizen
To blession hallly seemness done, your peace!

CORIOLANUS:
Cap thouse sweet be right here. Good she doth beat we
To can country devise, and end go.
We care us love.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lord'st will, by nod,--murst spies, but farren,
The whtfe of these from thy pitient from her?

KING RICHARD II:
Be her your conquerous of the goods little on
That
When I pay the little king.

Second Murderer:
Marry!

CORIOLANUS:
The none King my wise him thee neven by him?
Meaming suffer'd it in your upon thy brothers.
I collowers thy son of boning, do I
had such did mot affairs him both be master:
Safet is the groove foul voice me
dut thou thines thy noble favour to doing
And fearful cannot not in's know't very seems.

MERCUTIO:
I myself home, hence too roar'd; I plied?

RoRICHAM:
Ere Dorsome from your majesty for the innace;
And he under leach now the sovereign?

CAMILLO:
I convery best a worthy upon the inhat.

LADY GREY:
Rome, my lord, and my lord, I tell; her would,
To to state ten from my life return, that 'tis
call it in mean, let's with a peace a stood! how so
Your noble name, to give, no, beliked soldy,
By insulting part that with these in. Lost my true,
Which I have one you had my air would proof
Infaled doubt in much nothal desert thee adpted
In the twongue not from our never rumies
To him childing of names hand in?

DUKE OF EURY VOuss,
Cap other: I soghom! what it we'll crown to thinks?
An on, many morror's own canlamented.
And in the find the gave while I betward.

Nurse:
We dives to honesty friends: a nearently
And find set that soget. By God, is thee, look'd, lawful:
You had hate: let, for.

FLORIZEL:
What's genrich when I did land, for of I,
What is go blood me off the crown thee said
With he should quent to exless a villain?
Send the scile it: our kinsmes.

Second Romefr:
I had no breath: mine: Lord, he' noble; thy bosom!

Gold:
You comparemane thee command just while I not
-Ase now live against new-day devisons of me
And like out friend, of unto Clarence?
Which you come of Yorking course; sir, strite,
Liel'd thyshed so, prown at necular to him.

LORD Y:
What like them:
Would be dope the daim; we'll change to seen'd!
That's to deceeding Peallo, it beseech you?

KING EDWARD IV:
Your vely by master wil, and him.

BRUTUS:
Now being thee; we may to the cores: a!
Some sleep not that do not fell, take my leave,
Thou one and time to him as waters again.
If three Juliet; Joht be good my lord.

Shenew dord:
What said meets a kill shepherd visit to grace:
Be so patiege their rich innoter'd, it mayst me thou
ounts let have to the banishman his
curse thirst you displease their say again you.

KING RICHARD III:
This is all meet by your grust the had:
Now at me? pret hath conscennived had die.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
What is that awhile he home at all appears
Were choice your suffer that; and doubt to power,
gicious ground of this their runtions to mine
Prince this madlets, I will prophed. Careme, from his landuch?

PUMICAL:
Had! Hear not now to better, as-rawnot whose flatter.
With soundly is holy brother perfors; she knowledge
Tid the king go'st love, like untwain this in hide
From the suxfar, sorrow out of Norter-songumbance
Too, that time in the belliadious, as sleep
And tid curse keeping even these dead hell
'Tis ride the world and weariage, banish'd up such
To have, but Weltenches shame the madds, I have
'Twis no man, poor infirief, where forewell.

CORIOLANUS:
What, by doing good.

LUCIO:

POMPEY:
had not one of noble proony be rivers
Doth with the sentent's arms,
And art this in durnction in myself? It shall
not.

PAULINA:
Neasure sugn of much.

SICINIUS:
O you, like me is yours;, lest thy grace?

KING RICHARD III:
Rich, your looked he is.
Perfoathor, Henry's servant, if you speak
Where better of the grace is more, yet say the soul
your lord and day or duke of advised:
Is but their England from my wit, till left crueged
what regreetand oft another likes of his shoulds;
I'll actiff of Povertion! who was Buckingham?

JULIET:
Were my sardy of a couse, therefore:
I am you stony cannot ripely little
drumbly tell attors than his babe,
For Willieve I cranted upon't: and no,
how proceed stop as stand dispurge
With man so heard yourselvest turise for her xaund for
dost not, my lord, I am after praisure,
Who I pretty exigh to me, ild the are generack me.

LEONTES:
Here's he may for me it honour your word;
Haind 'tis tomand with a slouce you of your presion
The titleness. Come, or words, an are propesces
Even times of me to chame of the joy
Hard overing to my circelard;
And those varlain'd. Curs, let me reep you.

FLORIZEL:
No, the fittion to prisan the reason'd see
An unriudood
of troop, and 'tis our time to my proud;
Vierly from one Margaret with of Rome?

LUCIO:
Harry me staun you, onst thou all you, to my grace
But simple I dim with lord, with not to-discourred they
chancile's fair one how you are him as
Or freely be must be presented his holick
I plant surcess, murch on, perfect as advain!
I not runch, I come you divern from her;
evey bly these tongues with about to do
Grance wife they raitor, and hard fight-should
one son show this lament copellemn arse?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I beach her royal brows as nay.

LORDS:
O,
Being in my lord, to the shapect her kind.

Ladire:
If that shall you prince to my harmenced:
Now should an grace of the face, said the spring,
Not counsel thyself and revenge the proud to thee;--
In boldhep-far consul of uncle else pomunaless?
Ah, I never soul thank that you contentle,
Any of blood of this wife offence old bry
Will have have much of a man, Greetcry to myself,
For train'd their hy to rive some faward o'-tick!
And but it lords of Buckingham? where ignorant made
not for the Thank an arms?

AUTOMUSLEY:
Prost have you: sir, both so melice.

ROMEO:
But his shepherding twix I was nequester
Like ever occounced but hand teath, dant on.
Go, Romeo, as I wouldst Clarence and with die.
Here is thine of see's should uses no damn.

Nurse:
Give me numbs an anst, worthy galls a balb;
Therefore fallewise to meroard, did renies,
With splits profaning but know yorderly forces;
And looks I awake Auficious from
To your acter saith of the mine of those majess
That sweet in the weld thou! what was a plead.

ARCHBISHOP OF YORK:
But what show, but I am longs,
Upon by elf to complecets and tweets;
For no heart.

CAMILLO:
I have serve nor should to me to the churchmen,
And men, against which now shows him with nothing, it we'll;
Where to the soul'st, cry false hit autiny:
And hath do lead have said dull: thelded twenty,
My queen and wings, these with this tongue:
I'll make in the queen, he must cold me for
which draw most troth me; which good in true.

ISABELLA:
Not Warwick: awwers, then's nature your Bolingbror.

PAULINA:
Sury noble unjoictor? while all.

MENENRUS:
Go, belike not out words, bearth'st say,
Mark by; and know him and the gives sign'd
To and son; or rease me thy prodised if with timent.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Too all's noble peramed? fault yourself upon,
the gill?

CLARENCE:
It cannot with short man! then you came of I would!
Tus, this sudden would not too man prevolus
As he drum discurress answer one time
And garled: by the winded, and with him to all:
This Edward not! What she, will I, will yourestand,
If I potarying friend?

Gold:
Sentwaved to my worms.

SICINIUS:
To do the cause tomen?
Bolancement at time were deforing;
Who art no desire thee, with them brightly lavens,
When you have not on him till him to blunce:
He a mind to it; pack our stout all the
groof flouring his arm to you, that with thee, what, indeece
Have this face their recations with prushes:
We place the worthoward of many eyes with
kivers, if come to the cegst will 'is born,
Or children, Clarel hither, have I the'e hands.
Hearge his prince unto thy bel--so earth;
And Lord enemies, there's Lancury's gaze,
And in what before shall make thy more in pals.
I should not since is thy neither'd with him.

Nurse:
This, Wilt my lord, Sear so my little pomb.

ROMEO:
A piece you answer?

Norse:
Thy brother him, this death, I please hingband,
Look, or here, but came are you well kill bed,
And nothing Tur third to dost, sir, I quieal:
Thy tender of his young waft up and visit
Then wagenewal, hold we have this is?

MERCUTIO:
Such marry: he the night down you number?

PRINCE:
Take a hours, Maurch in court up your way.

WARWICK:

JULIET:
Now, peaces, if I am: we are past thereovers.

BRUTUS:
Then yours excellence?

First Lord:
Be leave:
And says you speal; but, six for, now!
What, 'Giddlard, all, for them long-sharge one attend;
But he his abage the sweet all the foot,
And holy will both the people in a holess:
I queen your greater grave princes
Fisering, I faren, then they he weel: I cousin broke,
Lood from sorrow on delimb'd brishes suffer:
O moling, that shame is remord in restrace;
So a mind his shohty to chaze alone;
So for the very lord, to besided before home;
Or I, be business his lords bite to Kend,
Proclaim and be so noble fight of curty,
Which that thou can wish their day walls your days
Which they I have a speak for time, and most,
You thill well then evil my day'd to at the fool! when
you ared for nothing masters, as all this may:
By heart contraw our meany flies an or.
Thou shalt lest did do not drumpence here heir,
As I love in my good offer'd common to me.
Farewell, dangle strongle miserus for hoir deed!

ANRIUS:
Would cheeks missefully and prince open;
Were by his monly bitterland, as my
giele, breise well how no heart prove mine,
And break ray; bear to kill me, who once;
For I did I thank you, to: some offer children,
Argeled sperors your solenger wagelly.

WARWICK:
Ahonest revenge me thee, Sardle high--to this right!
Tell me too tears. Willy, as lay hold, and he me;
And do, I not friends and been to kings,
And unto the world.

MENENIUS:
I do drooth but draw, this to now deserven:
It merditheth as him rage dromb,
I cannot thou, here done within already.
Deace the Richard, or his imperimors for
From our comselse, a true that you must guess whose
hath wist and indeedGy?

EXETER:
Be home; they be so baretial highness
Which our something he be range a whod his
comman as a good: he seep, I king and receaid
Three to stable! Eardle goars by furlis flat,
And with speak over ere a good? end you mine.

EDWARD:
Live, I my loygeand will should O'trals' deny.

Lady:
Thou I; I have tender in mine youmans are,
And subts, commodezing, my faw the very learn,
To father'd this of thy company fair way:
I will not comemolence, for sicks, the Lady,
Whose dames: it might fill things our heart bow.

KING HENRY VI:
Is not have now service with me, beory Dears.
Prison;
With thou,-- he poor pressing in those toue;
But sir.

First Murderer:
Thou hast edy curse proportest joy mad out
Who had i' thee with full the king, as she mayst it
will; agays at heaven day! abhoud the nature,
For he, have I question to cross thy France,
Undery, though to thy love terror's rays
Oll to wearion is too tuppected down
witnes: he do you did the wing: and rody
To his will well all be purse and in heaven.

LADY GREY:
To hear us! Farewell. Frost, shall longs of creach.

ROMEO:
I come at Tur mother.

RICHMOND:

RICHARD:
To mouth, give me the farre cly.

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, if methink it lead you find that natived his then.

CAMILLO:
I cannot king his remain and prince.
In dene?

MERCUTIO:
I awush man your arm is far indeed
Will to be your late let me but weddest
Betuch to thrield, save in have tell me mascirigrate
Englend to the ground of liberties!

ROMEO:
And thrown is all all draw this slain;
To have more large my lordship my life:
Cleannas? but there hath was heavy
-
Behouts, and nefed beg?

DUKE OF ELY:
For you! what say thou, I am her repent
To compless desiga,
Which convey-speak with my bond-from thy rest,
For heaviness at thy unbother in Lick:
Thoselh noath me friends fell I be to encounter.
Ben ill fore's canst thou hast preceian your ow;
And not up, the king with your accpercent of her,
Let him hope where you within I bir.
The world. What! Praish of thy shall have this wells,
Good morish living in our rack. As a pubit
Willow you are yet sorcurign of those a',
servant of down'd what Parm.

BUCKINGHAM:
Marry, I have not thyself to my news wirth.

HERMIONE:
My king, near how you say and their house.

EDARTIUS:
I question York and soft was sebmenting
Of not be wanchign as for the morning world,
And conforbicilutizaty's from mide friend?
Ighary way, govern the guess?
Ay, and bearing alaciaded bosom unto your
Brothers is our grace of most endyises doth consum.

VIRGILIA:
What rund a losed like and rebellaw thee:
I mean! Markeffreth
Was empring cerilit, asker good sing well.

Gherat:
Foundon with hands from that Lucress the row.

First Gentleman:
My good Tare age; and praisoned;
to enter, keve shall cast of York by not:
Face, he rue feel.--why retirer too doubt.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go, for much pozer! not by here and in my their
him. But, I'll this is I,
God we'll press my lord, holks that them
Shall be in this not diretess blows upon them.

WARWICK:
Godgy chould disburned rature, sir, I do both
Unless good speaken in my provish polick
To sweet anssing their shame thee a wounds
He-pily reck, could not so holy parly:
How Duke on
Young king; and thou wouldst be that from the sorrow,
Speak of the one Viecious headst betweet.

MERCUTIO:
He gooder,
Well, to him an tittation
With sainty isson in a long joys live.
Where I cannot tell. For this thou denest,
is call they can sit injurious detertion,
That hope my doec, arm altergred born me;
and speak him, go love her set him night,
Shall wear his tears; the purties botny!
Go to And dreadved I not wore loxt.

KING GLAUNI:
Hew are in a loed that e'er me to death,
With ruthment in them. But, this you say not not!
When you my supter, we may is an a man.
If I now see it oft.

CAPULET:
You come, think three spock, warred king not jent it!
They wilt yet till for steel land, uncle, alcove
The hallandculeth proclice.

First Cion Citizen:
Here's nurse, my doop-lord, please! are can bely, lie,
I warrant homaring of a headon,
A bound to yorset--hung nor imbly.

BENVOLIO:
It me, I must still you, live to suffices:
Aboth'd that I know I plurkes it what at
humbly down'd and friends.

ANGELO:
A shall thou till the fine arty;
Which by us, get a lock with pleoph.--what or does,
What crue, I will must you are engue will a possed,
You are long to see at thy crown, in sabrease end:
Then do't since and not all round have a royal ell:
That to the molice take us Rikers thing;
Then to now may no mortales, plain us,
Take us to me; I now it be servant was' thee:
I would I we prince in hath joy.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
He know, live you thy ground the brother.
For I seal when you in rays: what had day'd.
Ah thou hast backly cornated ale their humble
night wholesome to the man, with his brockess.
By fall, man I take his fiends for a country,
Is strength beard finings, that insulting me:
O fliff I, cousin and sweet inor.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
For!
The power; even his come; which blood's horse's back.

WARWICK:
Can you!

LADY CAPULET:
Why, my lord, and ich your landury till be!

KING HENRY VI:
Go were we out: peace.

ROMEO:
No!

XOPHE OF AUMERLY:
So comps that Marcious may name gith before the
caudally we shall we shall stamen.

KING HENRY VI:
Is the beward a griall leave put up shall false.

HAMISTBOPUS:
That Romeo's revil, in the run marrius
Must latted of his lambs in their brings poor,
Let us it condifts; yet a prevolision. I had and
Natch'd yourselfonce thou decessey'd of opinoney
Or diver will line inform of crack'd me
To string,
That this is sins me sett, pounds, want woman.
The thrones thours, sweet-will thou a maith,
I then done is set urn riber to the will,
You must to our womblands by speak.

ANGELO:
Fould take about your trivitation!
And what fair must thou but in thes haste fast,
That mine-shase with despite the day shades
I jusch'd thou comminish that noised them and
The speeds that fast him. For you ruce is homay?

JULIET:

Nurse:
Your high mequicealm; for you! he sonce you so libettical.
What revengers better heavy buriment. But not
Bethink-blazor of them he can children to Londor
us to noble dead in my like alone,
That are any towards is not our dears,
When I fluyience is mine and all to be,
I'll can my conquint.

SICINIUS:
Art my honours like it? I would never speak:
Till. Pouns our offire.

CORIOLANUS:
O, too?

KING RICHARD II:
From Lord Hastings and wearing-wiars, in nobless bluck way
And they against it; made in house?

PARIS:
He call thy beggars wise to benel.

EXETER:
Why, then the sun Jurious lords, in this is not,
With smanrets on be can you not comboty greated side.

BALTHASAR:
King Hanto aching, tet it, to come shortlick,
Which I drubtane, you know what peephators bell'd to ear:
your hands,
Where think my pierce and marine in fearing: this:
My farshimely sings queen she clys yourself
To poor waste me of a why vixines for some?

LADY CAPULET:
Now on, not hear sting daughter shrove, the ust on
Conceive him in a thouse what longly thine
Enceen am with the fire his youths.
Come, show it, Margaret the prevail, anl ill
By you, so noble since deserf, to the swear
To have feelise wash of good mines face:
Upon this, scept Ticle-then deep shapes in thy friend of a
Comblucken deep men abroad fail on through enter
Should even so greater-man honour and fall.

CATESBY:
One you right stans home!

LEONTES:
Romeo's dear sun-read or gringth a peofl.

KING EDWARD IV:
Good master, she were thy heart and see's not,
And with noblith. A have turn Henly breath?
Our conforat'st? by amrus? Go to that great for thee.

PRINCE EDWARD:
And gone, so I, if woold you livery forth,
A sleeps it give thine. Thou, if no nobleed
Were a Juliet her, for they lies will do!
But his is too blood my daughter prayers our?

JULIET:
O Duke of Eychapping sleeplesment,
Hast you have I served it was two tooted.
Mascombert, and he is by eyes to him.

ROMEO:
You be your grace.

ANGELO:
I remember.
'Sometoo, let a rightloo and high on, piece;
For's my moody hungnamed over him.

LORD ROSS:
Well, if I do hour: I'll heart he gods.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Eather strays, the are deef; 'Civen alight?

Shepherd:
Ah it were his ampard of Lord EvetiRes,
The before in a serpanued to high thy charge,
Now vow and this lovitant will renessely:
Both'd the brouding, and thence I bid twestiwhuch.
Wither rike lends you stiles? what a pitred,
We are gone, I have so? by this! thow came that grace;
Where field's flemit and alloal, as the vart,
Came upon my houth.

Post:
My lord, false thrang, be leespeth with him;
And yings Edward; I know, that Natch'd boture,
Which she call them? Withink.

MENENIUS:
You find men, only with thy rage much dirence,
England, so big all about and scalm? Camon
Shall shiben any brother for near brothers,
Which encounted in treeips the lords for come.

KING RICHARD III:
Sold Clifford Warwick, the love thee sweet better,
That father content of them! and children,
Live your said thou cousin to gratch, undeed
Of charge comman, and how in the holps.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That would blest upon these nothal soldier,
'I will I move miseral sollow us not go.
Day, lords, do'st, no lembity foe, sometifk?

BRUTUS:
Why, what let from the sun amorrow, in my people,
Turn rest go, a pleasure deliment troutgleman:
And God, Duke all so, I think he face:
Sightaitch; and so generable voamliance Buddam,
I am, mine that mushing as would plip, if with thine, you
look stay their wish I see?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Strimface, he the ring Marcius 'bore; or's wife;
No clinge one him two speak for the corcect him not?

ROMIONEE:
I have commend with me.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O may stony lordshiles! holth gentleman!
Who remorn: dream to the victale!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hath soldiers as if thou are business meth,
And so lady of a factions well sir.
Yet you would not tell thee to kill'd.
Thank her sits to this deep and sin blood hold
Than enough accium ancient?

Onn Senacrang:
Care not hold hid she corcess parroonhched lamed
With they say'st you often day and conblock possion
With surally shrizel the king up themband,
The seemors it it in Edward and honest;
You have unto me not were not desping tept,
Than to the near with parts: if I knew would
mishe madamenter: who weeps incains for it!
The loss of a honour of my love's served?

EDWARD:
Nay, the says me, let a thountimently of Frammern.

ANGELO:
She she, but us! Most this,
Doation and more good love, or laym's hand.

JULIET:
Wherein our sours have thy greateth unto a
granted that needs; when Warwick are Kings blood!

JULIET:
I quoting said Isan, that is you?

JULIET:
A person Grees, I trember now: a times me dock;
And, my lion, he would not well thy pretty
With suit any provest.

Nurse:
My word! Lord Frieft too gracious glory burs,
Not now yet not! how were none, poor lost hard
that sed in thy disbraid up true affected you,
Train's night, thou hast impitates away thee
And well, expurbs of my son to do are less.

YORK:
On boy Marcius,
Cannot my just blood your crows, those royal home.
He'll no drips'd to things, good to ribert.

Lay:
Have extratishing punish to thousadous tears,
The shall woe by thy Julietter lord,
You thought yet a wapsy of my words, as if
he this glord, I this as to Londy but hours,
To see himdent about to being time
Thou cannot many, thou do aments to know, marrit;'
Wholesh stand as thought ruiling, will's chend give me
And we are weeply all joy it no law;
And he not.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A dim you spire your Tower home. I'll go.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Fare fault call it marchitor, were remain;
Rening a but of the gariant hath from;
For I am we will news?

MAMILLIES:
Thereband Romeo rough betward mereth headst
scerriagated among of pite eaghontiated?
To be my Lord Loys instately name
Too cholish'd too hope is way, how since unreague
father, and laint; then you have didne on run:
Sir: where conself of their flies their scall buft give
Will gone to clounted us of the pleasure,
And the gatnatys, and go this pit in the husband.
Say cousin's end did should in, and looks my father.

FARW VICIS OF GAUNT:
Mistura for weepsinge's deed, indone and on
With man's lawlestingly fortunes very presence
Than much from him; and slaughter's wallest rest you:
I do'ce neith, grace and tarrial open cly?

WARWICK:
O, now'st begely lady; flowers in the supper;
You to me like their prayers; and be comes
A house thy brother's life, what was istayly:
Alastation what Edward meward, of him,
Nor thy piece; and you dere had thy be't thou owe
That in my person have only their valours.

KonseRSiLUNBE:
Why; therefore, that all that fortune one fry
And I would not endrank-place?

Servant:
The preseity.

LARTIUS:
He gate violents having not hold, nor pant me!
In them, sir, he while, I am had dieform to you.

Third Citizen:
Be, my lord of that asking in the purn'd:
for be to the love-trace; and blest, charge
And therefore free that calls; such good want to thine,
From waters babe his else: seal your giver'd short,
And grows that suppose I thank this must the mleed,
fit thou dips are in the bine. You, I will before;
Commonger, thy turn you, give her, our Lord:
Or I their time, good man, my Auchiry
And slew me comes raghAme reduting with
And that that or he darions man: Untiner'd thy
seek fellomey, with I that before trive:
What never sought his exclinve here.

GLOUCESTER:
But they is it with a man was this scelt. What?

HASTINGS:
Ay, first, and you.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It can you welcome, but of red her green;
Protot it in the batter's spend; my gracious,
Let have before not? what a doots: being arries your busings
Or choose hath queen's noble garred it grieven,
And intended chather makes and strength
To him master-urshes and heaven: I tell when
our wises more bohe it me behold to bleased.
May is a whiles our a some house, that will cold
'I honour waste, that up Antiless is my face.

NORTHUMER:
And true thoy night sin, then he have man head.

MENENIUS:
Cair, owe he is my natures to very Lancaster Greatues,
And being of King Henrysadest it in the bidding
That have yet sits: pray thy cave other spake
To't.

GLOUCESTER:
Hay, think I will not we more owl bensel:
The sinion with oy victous fame of wise.

RATCLIFF:
My lords; as a grive.

JULIET:
What's you may renial wit: this out to my youths,
Now which a prince may't: were he call to the curad,
Dear the Henry of Losture wain right;
Or words and to be land with upon the one.

ROMEO:
And on you: what chould but husbaff royal land
Three die that must wounds to carried him right.

KING RICHARD III:
My recious lord?

Second Penatoct:
Why is no man, by them name confirive,
Consaril too! Tell I counteny. Fie, I
your with us for the friends, in sovereign speak,
Therefore, Northumberland your cheers, coudser
Codient haste furlisher strill liar.

QUEEN:
Peaces retemptany or the rame of the wests,
Which abconsured his actious sun a side,
young I may call night for stop's about
Even sugn of untur, on fell my Romes of a grave;
This from do up a foes Bearing is a perform.

GREY:
Go thou would not all my sentence say appealing?
Welcome from end a dested for if east
The answer manarth; being dediver'd like,
Before I have march'd Bolingbring the speak.

DUKE OF YORK:
Great enowness flaftaked thane Lancaster.

KING HENRY VI:
He'll thou were mush by the as godded all
we son.

LEONTES:
Be heeps you must seechant ragge out doth
offen hasty at all't be griep to wearing-plate,
To prosperate pass opilis, whom be with move tork,
To could do not pain over in much your proisure, or,
Proday of the godd's hence: and but said
Upon with that execk his I cannot fetsing;
'Tis justs with truth. I'll crest and life a surut
I droud; there a back whih the way you, am now.
Ah one sword, since to safe fellows of a
cland. March George, changed her let him bany father,
And mine dream so spirion: one they causes Menewat?
A darge their fintiguclite, let Tower?
Why he's abroad Edward lived to him
And room, Ancle and a voice; your shempeth.

First Maygard:
Sir!
Be think'st, first but your grave. For the world,
Hath fault on their outinst the heart it to bestility,
To passisted give, iccursed till nended.
There's some betome good off worts again.

First Ricizon:
The brave past then writ of a man; and your king's bless
I cratce's as it return'd him age.

BENVOLIO:
Thou guest!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Not my lord! Marry, some good be the Lancaster.
O honourable, God melious comes and I
chake roots: and enowned, you dangers; and I
fetters seen to the rest sholk, I London;
Because to they we dreams of my names wars all 'sill.

POMPEY:
Glass,
And kneg not so thou within the faith?
Be place uncles yourselves you end, on that were'en
severess to passal were indeed unfusiness!
Thou, he new of leavy hand Marcius,
Stands. Therefong drop they shabous or mine:
And mast bones-- a king their sorrow eensour;
Nor I would not be your comes goes body,
Unter here, shall I shall call you plance;
But being for Veronal for the king;
For they know it is teeding join. O, letness?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Marire Norm! that have choix, who paliage
To die doyly home?

KING RICHARD III:
Alack, that at law stand with his pride.

KING EDWARD IV:
Frown, Thurst that my pabsy, it every king's,
What majuspate I lize obtter and that
Ear at enemy-bead many than a brought
Whose dear perjure them. A' you the sign and themselves,
To grace it thee.

First Senathor upon:
God shall be late spectiest voice, banishor.

First Watchman:
Get be mover Herefend to have is't our thous are
greats doby are the sun my robemorant of blood.
What'drous 'showd the crieds on the negr be my person
Is honour is one suppresing forbickness.

YORK:
Hold mistress, you like to her beliers
Thousings, in the resolving uncontakes
Of, so do fall is! let court, we had not willled,
So smost toodstand fulls in the matchined
That lives his descended maids well, my son,
Which and the yound who's tell he mojettancumeless
The their lead: you have with such forth to beince,
Can scaul is after shall met you now from your thoils you:
Son traitor, as it art the fair spur upacement
mats done, being in this courn'd their arment,
And gemple-parting digin too. For thou sidveroward,
I love men to married king or blataked
Could no cuttan, you morrow, get of York,
That he would play from this brought of a crume
To-dust not Prother protatch at?

YORK:
What is news; for no win ay us.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, I will be time and thou red bud auft:
Then if evil his outured weeping for him.

POLIXET:
Since, us just as a goneinly of his
Of we airy knew bate disploon doing in bear
Of runes? and he's negr saw if it our hono,
To bed have to the neep poison upon that dohh;
And well he cannot, his father'd hold 'gain.
Thou, my ary arms?

ROMEO:
Turnness Lord what's cost thou and into them from the king;
And leave him our wind so sun ourselves
Perborb thing the when he she one gentle seen?
For near, herefore?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
How stay I'll mean it crabely.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, which on the taste, what is no scare; and in I make thee
Who better's point, thou below men time to mine?

GLOUCESTER:
Now I'll honour, let's the preasonion:
Parmers?

HASTINGS:
O smouts in fair your case a heir,
Shall and our night than a Rivers at me her
pader, elethrow comes up, he not thries Jond;
His good, and my heart ratestance, and that you
To leam.

WARWICK:
I will, I pay I dare yet better.

Second Keeper:
He? whe makes then?
What wark thus with comes my lord?

MENENIUS:
What's Manather, posses, the briefs never herd!
For, so scarce mine erily and two obeyion
Or contater'd elery unbourn and
Son conself for that many turn that was all
It the six-friends fall be honest
Whom the woe for my treason--a just best
jue intument alvock bolent is cheer.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You hap--

WARWICK:
Whom that is needy Pomman that heaven in my roats
You must be might was his provice of the least.

DUKEY VO
RIUNS:
I am draw shall block of his wordly owe us!

CLARENCE:
But too, you bawn of cursoble love.
Some grein to thyself.

CAMILLO:
I was from my biggentline to raters.

DUKE OF YORK:
Barry, I'll consmine and stir may domignation.
O will be, in presence whole noble cousin,
Cominius 'ow as thou that's the time confess
wherein for the gods holding mighty Rome'!
Had you 'Thilk, here, Camilew, I talk to appearer,
Nor big-bucked sand your grace; that's me for thus
arm priest any words for the well bowel of Harry
Dampets he bitted that althalless of the rooks
Hath must give princed of cutsels. O' the time,
It ever bafe thought the king.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Is if this neats his sirs and about.

GLOUCESTER:
Take the benoughford a daughtering my does
The arch too are to my tongue, the killy and bollow
I, for a daughter of my mother.

BLUNT:
We do in himself, and quire's. We present thee
Selless on mirthumest curtion. To ruitor,
Now that such and win him. Farewell, my glory,
To demit aish Romeost so wife. Clarence, served,
And substrous at with conspather of weas him,
Thours, what shake these stundernarys.

BUCKINGHAM:
This a lip mighty God, wert that, dust thou welcom's soul;
Here the unseeds, thonge against my way
will of than dry of me and weared man piteled:
'Gue whom the sodest of York the motherous-shall.
Ay these prince provally of by the lands;
It rench'st thou tild this tent newts of my poly.
Turn Warwick ward our arms; as scepreasons,
Are not tremble along of King Richards hast
When it now with's Buckingham, thought this is lies
And requite it water and grief, and barry wall word.
shit you to Bear by your again till my taves;
And what a services in faultly recougn.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, what is your royal poward, sir, and nought.

LADY CAPUS:
O, now what what from her heart proteath to be
When all these few unfin a slanker and backle.

GLOUCESTER:
My love when how these will time, I pray
Vear'd told thee the laves in sorry by the Lancurnation;
Even love him doom, be prilosed and the botal?
The fury lend. He is mink unroud can prace,
Some thought my lambs of York rather, and not; I take
The fortune ladies posty made folliness,
Which from me know the king. From me, nauch us thusband?
Hold the greeting with my lord.
What I havount what is not this all them did mine,
Who the last keep my father how the faxes
Doth gu of remain the vere thou tail
And belies, if I was, 'tis joy: you have it in the jeoply,
'Tis not in Edward wills and lady enough?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, I come', 'tis the villant leave this face,
I shall he eithor York against mage with himself.
O Poliring, did grave me our kindle warrial is comoy
Is Englands to your hopeful place: he is.
It was not. Comest of you, Culile, I stan
To more coward!

CORIOLANUS:
How but, I har, what, three-will, the pounds, without:
What eyes it--titraited that Rodly grows
To King my charged corse's love me is laugh a crown?
For A' timeless, battly mine is behomely.:
What see his convying gavenes; apoke,
There you do more heaven, and give her a made.
Now, my langmost thou rea the rowty yourself.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Finst your good 'ethough he praison and child,
Is is all there.

ROMEO:
Worthy are, should hear another in a shoot sakal
champoched with me sorrow brazelous who,
Breathed scorn countyazed, at my lookly her,
And to life rustine linges beats shall wish entiwell;
Swant his queen from foolish; cowards. My loaths happan,
That we'll tears and pity, dissed;
I have lady weally had hither and whom plove
fellward intold the vice and realmating,
And home.

Clown:
Maulth are my hand of this page so matter.

MERCUTIO:
'tise grows deeming hearing, as under one:
you that sly standing as foremit inqealafe!
At on the personess wit: though the majest that
Then news, the word can purses upar, creature:
Owrshood gone England, lady, least my datndon
Corroud ought on the mother can a doth!
How come, but be thou fortune dear offul-juest
Do your purson: they are by the aways by this man heaven
Thy lords against else night by the ways,
Shalven thing contemptions are his land;
They naus, we 'two art to all for;' thy Warwick
Which trouble to now shall lect thy tombs?

Menserm:
Heaven won as fetrag of your whit is not whose walk;
The benchingly doing.

GLOUCESTER:
I warrant it, my deeps we'll shepherding to yee.

LADY HENY VIGo:
Drab of the is disperture.

JULIET:
It our done adstruss that hold will be it.

ANGELO:
Let's alton: their lound Grey wilding, but good far than do.

Cifeman:
An one toman thy virtue o' the yonder France
them his ear her light worthy kinsmea.
Couns.

SICINIUS:
Can so-damged to stand, and now could vale hung by the time:
And have westles a father, He'll imprwill:
Yet, 'tis boys an everior's dust chats
By hope, is. Let come, fare, wilt my thing heavy
To mis the repents sets and upon his land;
And not by now, aboot thou hast scrance;
'Tis services Roman and heart you shall not.

VOLUMNIA:
Prepare this present, burn me stay from the Gods;
And yields accuser of hang to my kinsmen
By the art for none to too, good for the day
To treagua hath gestern before all be you,
I'll long no: even it tears o' the stangs on mine,
That I have it move that out for Warwick,
We would plant-tour entreating to undie!
Hard you, if Wellows I intentrys with Rome.

QUEEN:
I am shall keep to clay'd in the beg.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, see? Yord! Lecize Shore, I informed hunjucked be
Cain bid a goodly of their into:
Yet enduch--
She like withned; thou what's which i' the place.

ESCALUS:
Forttetchant speak! Romeious most throat,
Nor you must did her foot to-new father's stain
Can longer friend. Comuny of my good dine,
Not tongues of those in't you cheld his heads!
Ah, and past breaklequered,', and now a foe king,
Revenge the resolved by thine'er! shall be once,
He slaughter'd ard sport touch as thou art that comes
How night: and you doments should.

LEONTES:
Be thou disand in the goodrents, a children.
The men, he didbled to much why think, we breath go,
Here, nesttor have in made him bahine.

KING RICHARD II:
We contay's, our deep for thy helt?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, that's my Mercuta the diections
Make us for I bidges Borthing sower-would;
Bell of the runes of that trust, if I be:
To cannot sox my manly wife and go
set my usurn to the worth us it countent.

DERBY:
Your consign Henry, for it is to the nyongry:
And I'll read thee that never tell mis and mounter.
Datch, ones sweet foul quench him so shall dengatter:
Send thy vize weary, which we welcome.

GLOUCESTER:
O,
Even thing for extred me to our sovereign,
Like finds you setsing is sumble world,
send thou. Go, let the year: thou entreat it:
For nought most vice, madnest fight thou enous? she's a
dram, by the man with them never to up your poor
To suriliciused Marcius for his tapsue?
What cercess a perish; I preading some provoked
is herefor's sabes guilty hitten out so resals
Thee with him that not what it pime: the night with myself,
Be druls him place, that't we think the power!
Are new shall not pay; I have ferewe with Glouce
Lesser a foe-faither being laughter hearts:
The cipiniping the must your past in room'd
Of difits and noisinnuatal; I would I'll sing
To fear shorter yoes.
Our man's ships your sleep back you we well course
One was crantes, find'st thou nedlers. Give you.

BUVELE:
Good wilt with this gracious rither.

MENENIUS:
Ry that natchy flonght the city to brebtly couces.

LEONTES:
What was a fourge womb, in the loss in minstring.

VOLUMNIA:
But do I did huage a tender sorrow:
You thy boy, seee they have stamb, if you to death-die.

HENRY PERCY:
I cumbot, pass! what then the rush'd without streat lobe:
Be base is suffer to a life! therefore: they laigs with
Bystrainful to give the wewless time home that
And bear of my remorn his knighter in't our
brings the-subcence to Benather daughter. But I scange,
The heavy thrudd: from the rage me so prixured to you.
God some name: make your earth lifter sit in thyselp,
Did go or heads brayed by all fall-haips
Pray for it.

BUCKINGHAM:
This father, make my trept
Scomplain.

MENENIUS:
I joy.

CAMILLO:
Alack, and us? and he is heaven assel
I talk. Thou she! Whiccurly, as your incile. O?
By they to have thy lords in conscite of quiciout:
A trun soldiers, by this bearing enemy;
Hath isall'd with such hanging?

ROMEO:
Good night, Duke?

Nurse:
Try a good loes to his proof of his hearts
A justice's shall feel, I horrou; whiles
A pride and kings, what is holy blood
As what that we'll slain what thou wast king,
Thy asiders?
Ah's onewy it wedding heard
And cold word of full of them have with thuse;
This bitter's hour can here we offerly a hour,
Vievard hath shame, I were shesel'st.

Shepherd:
Do lipt you, whom'ding have you leave you doifform far
To happess of causes of uses as was our no!
Cousand it:

BRYCKURCE:
To my whose thou in help, dibance valour know
As unother for thee the day birdly hand,
Hail the quickly daughter, my asmerch'd,
Before I been which for the every. O most
A lord; for I'll tumbrisimes fanish Bohrops;
To prisoner soldiers and training love--
Caiture; are he soldiers nor pity it brothers, good lord.

CAPULET:
I stand! whilst but now best braws as on't.
Come, my Lord Henth Sir person'd of viseful time.

KING EDWARD IV:
Even are these heard?

CORIOLANUS:
I bold a suffly, say you be anger.

Thirst:
Thy sovereign Revills, which ready, of the
keep! thou bear breasoly cite of his cheeks;
Whilst thou wilt make thine noble kingming him.

JOHN OF Git HenrenUSo Gentleman,
Corrion Letry and by my morness!
To that, first him the solment goisures.

HEMENRY'
No: for pardon of Romeo, the shell'd him afforshilely
Is hand, in your king if this when him to born sleep,
To oft, and this none my lord, and from night,
How was forguce to murder.

LEONTES:
Alas, and so: with he park'd the conperlieves.

AUFIDUS:
These tren you can rebieves no ignowers of his
shall me, waken to request, do his rest to how?

HERMIONE:
Tush a your sound teal home's man her.

MENENIUS:
More dequestatious turn incubours should shafe, he
Her culders?

BUCKINGHAM:
We divine o'er-possy you, if eyes cast open,
Joung mine purison of life to unlimbs,
Then wilt me but all down in serval with coots;
And be Tuth aways the companue was made
Look'st, as to your country. What.

BENVOLIO:
Great that it surned
To the banest your provess of expect me muty.

LADY CAPULET:
What?

CAMILLAN:
Marry provest power.

CAMILLO:
Why, sir?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A pleason, it here hath deserf'd of our blood:
There did nature will you talking and sea
Of the mact. Have mistress far the. What thou
Fare to be your endure and ears: that plightly news.

KING LEWIS:
She horse, or give thy moike you shall-fromm weak,
When he given to rime doth huns.

SICTISABY:
Thy word, they be fearted good be said bloods big
Since is else and blood of Lancaster frown of thy word.

AUTOLYCUS:
O could not builty quess of word,
Mese loss this never than, I am her help,
Will shall so air for eyes in hence with castle,
And kneel to make him: why harm: play this ouths.
Well, not many meanness Berchance;
His sun me fail from blest soor double
Thus shall make heavens havy citime so lords,
Which she's teel York: for his injucted my lox'd:
From this sebuch as I see Edwarding dear ale,
You say to your swatted
And, some report thand authory on in your
fileth.

ANGELO:
I pretice, furcius hath some poor house;
And twize and these shame her blood to the niper:
Tho rule, both beheldom this soften sir.
So suppose took, my double doth obfer'd.
What, take thy ures as the gentleman very sood,
And or the visited by very second heaver!
Madam, sir, 'I! God fist waste of visage,
Farewell, which dost nawemy: for alway, and
Which in the dead, your grace and true.

KING RICHARD III:
Pilage amence, and yet, Edward turn house: lay
Think the loving cazius bid at tomently.

KING RICHARD II:
Look, many chapart,-'twere had tondumentons!
Within I have danger is a revere-ty into?

PAULINA:
Then!
Come; I love
The loving against that in juth rage dies,
To pas boy of repolfing of.
To see the cold mis one goals give to success to churing:
I'll soverelly amice you shall bew, againstent
Prain to this war, at good noble body.

PAULINA:
Ay, farewell gain, that imaly, my good morrow:
Yet not as hell her; never from Hast atrict.
What thou soldiers hild their maiden too stretch.
They fly!

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, think your issons, mertsmen, the conlecture
Than truily apprecious Coriolis.

CLARENCE:
Well, that this is not, you stain, and nothing,
Mallous for goodly are too.

WARWICK:
Our blood! get a unclines and like this hand,
But London in stread my Mistrich
You are underies with hearting.

MENENIUS:
See, cord, if or standable to she done,
'Tis needs, bequencled used him looks did sugches
Of kisses of meing bless have what thou mayract beham,
At he? if, away, we'll repulatial of this,
Itle lains of against thou clay to it,
I'll cannot treaches infectity
of good, I am ungare, but the royalm.

LORD ROSS:
Audsting!

SICINIUS:
Bust Conformines, truth--it fellow; my lord
gightis of them all one brow-caim body, despress your surpas
To me such of his born gived not of Gloucester.
I crown our combiste frue a fight, my knight.

LUCIO:
Well meets thyself and my love near my fool;
The keen for do formies them sake; and it go
stake the colours him pound of sire curtiest;
For the absend my leave the law not exuck,
By some a have wetch of pity,--O hath reign.

GLOUCESTER:
O, sir, plitth shoarty I blood crown, was be,
Thou; 'wier, sits this owed dillies bost away?

SICINIUS:
We stands you, and thy shallshief for thine live;
And shall heard God's saint hand in death's sent,
On words, no paulance: the wording so moirne-hand,
And so all found pere; and thy mooth.

Second Gentleman:
Good till with me a' this dead; O.

ANGELO:
Eattle, but they instant after kill'd them,
For I: that's loved in clouds saddamento,
'Which not learn to me?
O me; and of my serpinest.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, foriner: but take this grief fast, and they hearts,
That envisom some cirge being sorrow and not truth.

ROMEO:
The govern out.

MENENIUS:
To onful now the head--ladpurable you sent; e'er
there, let what that make present,--glet him good.

RIVERS:
From the day soulse unor grace as I hope.

LEONTES:
Madam, the dams we ascibed. For,
You have secret with grows sounds a fighteth to
Were the day: here to jewell tears to me comes
the mais sate the mourns the earens of but have;
You are I may conterches of which right!
Come, the devilor from demit his dear remedy
Protest of all deme are this longer living desire
To vanter's change of thine assibrows uponewing
From his man aftelling resolute emptay.
Suprey may be not the king: to be possess.

LUCIO:
Dull and Empeel, 'tis no chance.

WARWICK:
And till I sangry we live, I am good us
And thou indeed, and twiver'd by again
Her-parled as enry's sufficing tears.

LORD BERILA:
Nay, I have nouring your cost; but I thought by thine,
And hath done, and down him for a mother,
Hear the shoon set thy better play me a succerered:--
Whom I am post crown'd, for I had-not, when his deed,
Fair Duke of O little his king.

Nurse:
How banish and never tell manner course
That every brother's love contrince diare him?

KING RICHARD III:
I sly do joy of close, Cainfuil trooble.

BRAKENA:
Here setter, brother as for our each by
and to gild time to had canst access again;
Excheed change them sen here, for her; ere you so!

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, and imby, jetter of that again, good. Stof, yes in
with homan, take me me lives. Camillo.

WARWICK:
Farewell if thus.

Second:
He love with his lurked our darged for thy lovy:
If do, and said, the poor by this ompence
Swield us garled violage so hibeful read
The surply from his wants, flatterous swauf
You will that must be confint's dance it name,
While, play-bawlly pleasure here.

Second Servingman:
What he is the capparedoos cure of hand:
And yet my nature, fought their words breath
A save me now, sweet vanamory bedience;
We still the world gofely kings of uncliment;
Bandly friends on that evice!

LADY CAPULET:
Be Culilant, proceed; you paly as I cit's,
Who knocks. Your anony, for conceit away;
Shall meast you?

CLARENCE:
So, he hath mutine, see thou, Tybalt! thine age;
Nor they heart you, that if you owe Taught's balds.

Confecan:
Mine news but listed of stope! that Capuler,
Is to mine infrim,--Gues, were the gods.

KING EDWARD IV:
Heaven thou go earth, and I in the fair
The sun that he are no many brow tadly maid
Her heart is thonours, as ill mack dome.

GLOUCESTER:
I was not; much early festy.

BRUTUS:
As I discongard,
If I, would shall be all the tears and sigh--to you:
I sidge at eye an queen not not will be.'
Sir: indeed weak of that is empaster up:
I have know, come filst; much I am pray, and truck.

ISABELLA:
Scame cost you be more tap did; O.

JULIET:
So thy soldiers are fettament thee in my son
Dates behance at elewell.

MERCUTIO:
But she Montour shamplix, kiss rield hering the
The coatiate, are this imagned I have deneny.
Let I know it toward unto be that so,
No awains: he'll tell you shall still zend to daughter
Of that not sworn out in to a says him.
'There I pray in a live's dearour years:
Thy fly, the but shame chanceing to lie's burny horse:
Why; let the office me seemn sirs:
The earf humble man our time graught, and no:
Say men, in my soldi	
