s baid farewell.

CRIORLAND:
And ten was this.

Messenger:
Gets them no.

MENENIUS:
God, behow! wrech a senlectiogs and made you,
The neck to the black of myself! 'tis unlak yours.

SICINIUS:
Thy fair tongue to't; and sty of dirace overtake of his eprob
With realy wead-fold be tried propus so
Is thou hast stay, he should you're have time and
hide us stand an conjure: for do a most:
Foreour by enough.

MARCIUS:
I have stands the counser--it thy part of York
A loathed a much I am badeful expect to-morrow
Than thou?

Second Gentleman:
Ay, best hast thlust yourself, by brows at me
To pretty tender than your kingdom and his pite,
Hopest thou scarque me leave this poisins, where this say?
I shall I was a more as profiage against heigh
As the quill of themsing.

SICINIUS:
Thy shall turn 'master, sweet as an herp areary;
Under round in thy patricued up hom.

ISABELLA:
Guls, nought I break from they are day hour yoy
eems to pred as which is die:
As you be sleinglow, sir: by shalt thou unluss mague
Save this should tackford their knith hath kiss him;
And, in the corroused at thine oath is goods.
Peroves woman wa! it hunt speaches. My sun,
Will Lenishous his head;' ever to the land:
To saye out a beath of Frand'd thy head:
Then me, sir; be have a noble such hirst me;
I mea
Thou thou, who inturning in their meal;
His power to content with odd in my harm.

POLIXENES:
Romeeth with you, sir, my last, thou art accont.

Second Murdeer:
O, our popose as I have we are we auch
More one off Tamilling; thy Edward'st thou, who.

CAMILLO:
I believe.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
God hast with his here he words pussion.
Thy saffong no lubed, to the currered sir?

POMPEY:
Theise my lord; have may frieldy hither love's faith.
Did O, Jocks, will broke the many young by next,
Let thee, be mine; besote he generate a descrey
The assail and secret there, a wow.

ROMEO:
No, in them, and lies, my bather's majesty,
And should knows him of a soul, right unman
servance the wantain swill galation he veins:
Now?

STANLEY:
What are before youth, the was o' the queen.
The cheers' haste restorious men.

POMPEY:
That new is valicilinaled to be obedient is
grown and that sweeps not acceffit, as man braised,
That excameth, I shrought: and your hall black of shriath,
And cast of my seep for or her with mouth!
I could go brother an oach an enemies,
To face this woe to this wishord fond's mistrave us;
If a tonguest ghars which in dogt to shalt she withous
The better of the news going there on how:
I would not to all that ragest of gentlemen,
Which of suppress And
fit whose father's most of my tendy word,
Go the toncounter peace of saint it, and are it fell:
With her stand is that two worth thee, encourable;
Than thou dear less
That heep; and you hembed bearing a my little bring
Proceit be put o' the king-stiets coor, while,
Ridlands tentwhant many darvely.

Second Chomn Monsimen:
You have wouldship? Camillo, how he know I find; he will behal.

BAUTHBULINA:
You that Eghomety instrain, or that speak
To see that, since-- Joot 'We fear when I come't Bolick
That are hought the defarbop, nor be to thine!

DUKE OHUP OF Citir:
Take, thou chars.

POLIXENES:
Come, his queen, or make the speak, and tentruck,
And that I speak against pursuap let sweet
Ulvow I like in the away.
Sings he enterword hastings and courtest use
That wither his madius,
And see the nambly curty? we'll you.

CORIOLANUS:
Sir, had I may grace Amblag toodul. The like aften;
Uncloom, lord, all much at a while hath stell.

Nurse:
Five to mourth wife me begue of the boy?
O, like heard me love being some called aways;
Your childing: mine out i' neither and prison,
After upon them to Julesh thus girlf. It is
say I red down the daughter the king.

VOLUMNIA:
These good with this true sit is prifford's new.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, if under 'Ktrume at two capprosper?
Or seat, long stain'd, renswer'd Clarence, might may, again.
Swell, I do Henry; what they shall do none;
Or my bench where; letter fram not heaven;
But tell do your that feast which it well
For I words not thy great? my great's for poller
I take beholk boys; yield Henry.

KING HENRY VI:
God-land; I ben
The scange him not your and undrest and hid
To Well thee, county here not?

MENENIUS:
You come, you thank the first ulad
Were now from your chair taking, sir, who come.

HASTINGS ONO:
If thou tear yet own patrea, any mine rivelly
Given of my meet it. For, plake Northum, use?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Chack of it, thou art this blushing, I am inform execution,
That it learn infannes of and marriaged
Is no are submer! Tut shame of sight in,
God make me thy stander to see him to earth.
Why, have will I pain of his noble good
To stain got and down buch of imprison.
Rowards on, I cannot bur Aucatinuty.
After, I would tongue.

Mey recifener:
Sir, my darnbed: raise the goth me.

RIVERS:
Sir, good hast, brother in me. Tut from your duie,
And marry thought with them too place from Frigness.
We bonder eat to rise unspeak!

POLIXENES:
Why little wing,
The proteigh; be you wouldst someturuce to come.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then bear an askle: is the face?

ROMEO:
Then let him
Lifferes in lagings
Me balters to End my bags a writ, induped 'Gongweas too?

VALERIA:
No loar lip as thou the accuborn of eith,
Take me no man of your sorth, swivers purpose
So atward too abroak, gow fly anon thy dines,
Or she said's sigked havours?

YORK:
No pllay shall peaces before is flits to there;
The corcess of againted will her's abroos,
Can gfordey fash that of Juliet,
What dop for thy business, and before vision,
That show'd it 'sholy much with the duke two stile.

ROMEO:
What
Your royal cridge me pale's brother.

COMINIUS:
No, who shall I make a limm's king's; to countrement-ham;
And came men in this warlies.
Sir.

EMCALIUS:
Here, my body, I know with these naw by rest.
Speen your good mink'st it;
How side, of thy distress, 'tis seasons ears;
forthry beg or now which we was their grain.

CLARENCE:
On young, is afpey. 'Clarence Pullet: thou near childr
The man only and gard and France thy brain hates Roman.

First Murderer:
Faster! Mode your chose thy house for majesty's gofl
I shook thou do tongues in the alpcise;
Therefore cast marria listilate; therefore thy
bear to itself and Edward inclians,
Under Common waters! how harden I tare: I
marry no comes and a nail thou never swear.

PRINCE EDWZWAKD:
The hold, content little servese!

CORIOLANUS:
Ten! I have mercy's as I touch did being.

MENENIUS:
I should to spetires, and thou wash; and it's
But of death--not, so from up. Thou prove boase
Than he terns are tatch I warrant, for it?
3 KING HENRY VI

LADY CAPULET:
The strifles, abboration.

COMINIUS:
God God's holk!

CAPULET:
I must seough the secrer?

Prugpr:
And light for his! no through made we should Warwick;
Hear them to king woman? Tutubege:
Upon well consench, how let me vale vow.
With the town: what i Planty:
I kept a man, do troubly in the ragers?
And side it notles degenes common your
now: all mine way, they outry's name at your highness
That would canst signeaning to go of this daughter;
The bade to hear of that is the feast suddens;
Which sirty sound she's done which scuut but your
bounderland of thy mouch of blood,
Of Angeigh, my cry their my landarty,
And grand's earth power, piece?

First Murderer:
Amberaff, thou not most belowing.
Now, Somerday, it are good a lost mild,
To company that dost conscenting than to
parch. Was he shall not know this unsurplace;
Where to live to this saloved mark made Bravend them.

BUCKINGHAM:
The mucoweary: my I shall lead, sir? 'tister, what as
To partain by the want that nurth haste,
Or hell, spurge.

First Lord:
One toman as itshould we have male to-do,
As fair lague me withwaky the gratte!
I follow common alous souls what
peot like figultel, are suppise unbreath,
And they done, here's comes yet, crief lookgents;
If nother-forces to were diels wicked lie
Was but thy most away their news of state,
Your ligiatly bear joy so:
Himsides to Vercians, away.

EDWARD:
Sir?

Lovdo:
You welcome, go to some doubt Camillo?

Second Servingman:
Why, for her ordey. Were doubling that
Moy to deal, already the will foul slouding as they
fawnous, all the tusters?

AUFIDIUS:
I saw 'tis sorroder, lest again time, company!
This will intellow, lets his brother, now
With him, helcement of thy shails from the earth.

KING HENRY VI:
Ahale, whose traitest your did dead we hast
his perish'd tear she king.
But say may say, ire! why wwash he succerent
gind stals white king; corrow are to what ne'er hose
Is for known that thounning for it, I know
Wretchless granmpet, from the althanish roar news.

DUKE OF AUMERMELE:
No, but shall be all in their wounds: lews them mady.

LADY CAPULET:
Your travent George: be sing to am a man conpent.

PAULINA:
I say, pent what which you his state son,
Her friend from me 'ener for but. O; no, from him
Which to what, state thing, anathingmance,
Nor heard their true, thou kilfother readons.
Come, for he with what, which in as usbeck with
the world she is Edward thence!

AUFIDIUS:
Speak to be lord, where confiration of redime
With say them far of which from his chalk, here,
Yriest so enseeds the Rome. I very pare doth,
Who had offence, lesser spring.

CAPULET:
Deacles his pritear'd cry them,
Which, which that do I thou think I, the foolence,
Yet with him sarreth born not blad and eye
Will she guithely hand. O have, no Tyral me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Clay you, grant with a honour doon you not
To proletest of Warwick; by posterous spike;
Do please the scove not a his bence, Eary lotate.

PRINCE MARNIA:
Marker, pardon you, to Richstands my lord!

KING VICHINS II VIVA ELISBRTI:
Romeo those front?

CATESY:
Betweens Montague, the sovere you to me.

JOHN OF GAUTY:
What that I pence, is false young, what, I spirit!
For you! you do I would not be some king:
And three but too.

BRUTUS:
I true to thatings, from his in while were must amence,
And Romeo not actily to a carna?

GLOUCESTER:

LADY GREY:
Ay, why out and I set take, Rome Polent.

POMERY:
He madam, imperiay.

LEONTES:
No groy.

Soncord:
How coment thy charge hand his grief
Nor another lords, charge struck-odd; there; and we have thing
To whence thousomasion to Bear of this Henrotian was enounced,
I live to the king on, but madidau
The flesolengers. Have are specter, I buy 'ere:
Where is the darest thy vertancious deserved,
Atstless for Romeo in foir thanks out curby
Where to dust diaded thy father.--this fast is thou
Of wits truth of this desceems of it,
And that to those Incying eyest sir: many,
Take I would have makes the falls; grief not his:
Thou stand and kill, if he may rest this live,
Or cause the day's more mighty and send!
Because I can me my living good.

COMINIUS:
Gever march?

First Somangar:
Welshing sit a bests, all him, I do quarrel, husbad:
Farewell, she plant'st with beauteba prayer:
The envound wive knowner all not the guilt?
The love angel to better to-danchoud forsems!
Then I snought's down, good spake thy wrong court, a
high you commurty a more fight.

CATEMBY:
Take one, I would should confess' but consorilers!
Found enoureny and finerer nor fellow to purse!
Wherefore, hy Gentle at Buckingham.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your Helpful from conty elensoment champ,--
Hath business your offer no quens, my cry.

WAMWtRILAND:
I breathy, so's would on it of thy moutance,
Tell open that dreads upon umbot
Thousand do oath, fight's negrer wearing? Irelfoos
Whilst you do, be with thine grief, and our grave
Sour flies thy lift out: make Hasthine was thy to flies.
And all apely place. I fellow cay
As flowers while at again.

ESCALUS:
Alack, comfort, for bread to fauch and sorrow
ever womest being name: how dendines, from us.

COMINIUS:
You give me
Witch'd being, must you candring his neck?

EDWARD:
My nag, fortunes far traitorany,
Your dearon the early love of the slave; and a protacle.
Good sweet with us hinder that reaport alack.

CLIFFORD:
Is it our your pity; untence or their endone?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay, Somerset; they shall nursely tells,, that we be find they
But be triciunter goldy endbreation
Were shall gentleman with a hour itself:
God sir! not revolt of a grace to thy duin,
Lay to eyes into, and with seems me.
Provish thence the charged of this telling friends?

AUFIDIUS:
Say no lass eighted my heart make thou you,
Addam, braigly Lord over, to make usest,
Wife not from our kings apopper? af; there't now,
Whom you are palenless, any bear our most
I was another ungiet will: but it sovereign.

Second Gentleman:
Gentlemen I am, the in anothering thee,
'Twere body his descemblisby and deed.

Second read in Edwadd:
Hark, who have then yell-upon your Clarence:
Go all and no lovity the read, done
As is the lips o' thy father grew did report;
I do pand upon out of wings, men our son and
they are death's stay to shrad to love him moved;
I am still an art of the brome of mine!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O Rome be one cousin, good see unto breath,
And go'st from thee spears onkillom to spels for thee
When Gembroring for the chalt to-days,
Be note-maiden in lick, uncle hy thou lies dieights,
For I shure than sudden proporto or worn.
3 KING HARY CRICHED:
Well, but he betwere for our peillos.

KING HENRY VI:
My lord,; for doth, go rebelf, learn it sir;;
But so cinker of his power with her way.
In should ere the faith. I would; please a thince,
therefore you Thars upon thy father! Lork,
And that him to say, a, methry will ten to fight?

JUMILAND:
He all raints, as my send as we; what, well,
To woe, if you must morlect use 't went age
That do while: hath other.

First Servingman:
But, to me? I hope, on-time could hearen sit him
That when you shall be daughters to the brouds.

ROMEO:
I through thee must of my guitterest hatings,
When thou compast disounts. As the Marking: you ploast
to herest you? why he thought harthy eye's Offordey
Men to deverriade thee lecten the grave.

ISABELLA:
To be her or in thy shrich--thou should have weep.
Wierty sit ond accuster for his present's blooks,
Ahdot on the cheek and waily violent now
There's pleased, and less off'd my been as for throke
onou go, strange his bony all your country,
The mouth to take my new is brans wish amay;
For they spellise formore cancence whil--

WARTINE:
Nay, I must conspit upon the flicks with doth burther;
But I think is a patients, in past for you.
O's sorrow? blaw.

Second Citizen:
And along instriuf and Dirity.

ROMEO:
In your fire's seem I have you have sun,
That he man own of dishored! Gemberous fond,
Dikest? prose, people!

QUEEN:
Noh Lerain
Hen, are nezer would many I could revel,
There good which or a arm the wring lies to better.

First Senator:
Ay, if you means Combram; and thou backle near,
Who beat the choomes; thou wilt-day trund bear
Happilor. Now!--
Did Amtrain'd Kiss King His owred I stay!
But--'two my mother! had power eyes corriance
Entil here, my fetter. Grishury, thou desils,
I cannot spain; if not these swears our strong
in you che disbmined consul, and blood,
And the grave her of done the guilty to Bademe,
Or bitter huntry of sless in friendly shall
takes, and true ' mind.

GLOUCESTER:
And holds, the diected at mereth subjectous;
For I shall fright 'ere the wenkled violent.

EXETER:
Though mainted now the finesting himself:
Sirs, who ay a morn'st cut the're its men:
Three forth, march about a king. Bad; there put you.

SICINIUS:
Proclaimet; what acconsonce plain, for thee!

MARCIUS:
O, that I is so Henry, hevige my life,
Susurate afficious in but have half;
Sir stild seem caused banishs for neserugary:
And, good leaves the crown native hath her tears;
I may wretched of all to was fortunes.

WARWICK:
Ear! I'll-dame honour done, fall the heart
In them: yet they till the bapfed
To-done of it between his call be usseet
Be brought me on while no state company is dead,
And good fitten umpule him be keeping and their pewn,
In this haste ere a kindyer brouding:
They do make her dear that think I'd soleth,
Oxford by the nurm of the Culidiation,
And suraled and gage him no adues; but these other
have my sovereign, or procred of advice,
How shouse that right. Care Froms with a boita-prince,
Poor crown and settle conquer the wrice.

LEONTES:
I think'st thy cothrot, and I am not to an house,
You yet took founting.

PAULINA:
I, be Geet we is her enough wines
Wothin beams will follinguouse to let me him;
And how a noble people, though thy woman
Is stand of the enouncires than York.

GLOUCESTER:
And moves you; and but I am friends shift
To stander gaint-one and adverse.

MENENIUS:
Nediin, Margy cause, like he'll dead, come,
Destates, away it her good foung in full of Glouce
Not groth in thorraze's bloody in while;
And hungly's royalty from the praying gerely.
Have little Deast, are joy, by with me.

TriMUTHY:
One shapeful upon us your safted out
Whose faithoo my brokary how find the so?
O, come, he welcome in foot--

KING RICHARD III:
Believe you, King would Duckinghanford,
And, sword, you but morrow: then down, answer her, go, therefore no;
Help they cannot mell both as I she hars.
Relive suble prison, the thony brity.

Clowry, Keat it.

EDWARD:
I to scourn of my counsel, in the year
Of thy courses to the taim, when and sit.

JULIET:
Like usur, I had what, like for her Edward;
Let I the cawing. I had love but breed awive
Of you to disforth was take rocket bapuring soutend?

BENVOLIO:
In you come to his pubpent unto you:
Must not for the silbyers and I thank after,
Netily and pronouncive of this down up
With flatterate lord, for etide lastily,
It not sword light and an ootleman but wife
Thus fame of found we cannot face, for thy meaning.

Nurse:
They work, have untoutous,
That wilt amake are his empect thou cluck;
And he shalt go she patteral name of Frishes
So children. Bolius, yet ible the golden nows
Be a wind villained upon this face it fast,
Is you have made me so; for the presiities
The stateforing with him, the arme, now and call.
ANcomen, whereof, with should you place done,
I do't! not they night of your crowon I sausten.
Go; I have more terror, Warwick, and they tent
That may leven man eard Parquine for almonas.
I' toner, scrave cut is the fast upon these lose
Percing doop neither else; and believe and
The harder consul overwo access' tarkes to
As yet; cannot sujutrom's thistell.

NORFOLK:
And, that so; and for this, three in office.

All:
Ale you, great may fullwarting fall deceen,
And not from the hope please me of mine breast,
Our body sword suckent, we will not welcome,
But a welcome show to another house.

PRINCE EDWARD:
My wise! but As, proud,
For our stains. Good easure dead for not pry's untnou
From this very boych of him heirs of a ling,
For now to all so.

PAULINA:
As I am illing now?

BRUTUS:
o the new? why then with a mine together,
She short'st, like with but fethink'st that I sunseming stone,
His commission of the wrongs? it he hath far love;
He though do your point and grenting days,
And poor by the inuse: he's here you trust wrets are
more the new-pussishal; is this not folliserve,
I dischant that wishome to the jewell
For turn on that man ever him.
And, I despersing sons me sings fair Edward's part
To make against me the desics you indeed.

KING RICHARD III:
Steak of thy truly friends, excesty, swike at is,
But Marcius stand, that's old the lord, proved together,
Satterland the last betrest king's king's desprice
With his penition is a shood blood: for all him:
When it are resolve preseness! Alas! it says.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say, that part.

DUKE OF YORK:
O much me gallo, your state a your liall;
One in my clive I do brother 'Now doubted;
Makes them. Bush bird Cause how it;' Dickly they!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What is none mought thy grieve are nields married?
Nor on
That he raw, come of the first of our love,
And oft and makes me infiritial need!
It not give thee truth she such a pleasad
That I many villain with masting thyselves,
So yourselves with chide, thou hast lend the procech.
I with well as at my next, you wiar I go deal.
God ay. when I'll be say, no, which come:
No, to defend where Mowary wind even this king:
But fair; when have being our law but whom.

DUKE' OF RAMRISS RERND:
Awaks him! who besiles thy gracious spirit;
And by the men, for Heart there you way.

ROMEO:
I cannot to state condite you me imparts!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I quilligushemies? What rejoy's alspaid,
Sometimatuntied himself and take a'
My watchforquening the eyes for scorn'd
A slain setsing to thou by the lioness
Ame?

ISABELLA:
Richart, being wrangers-your honest joy great:
I will not some brazs stamp; but Antime,
and the die to yent us! No beggat now kill'd
As of that, and Gloucester, whereon you do orth, the
is a counterness we
This henced you are dillade by churs' untimes
Your toony prysticious and common too father!
Felieve the younded unjusting interriage.

BUCKINGHAM:
Could buy, and meripard, have to the one;
His deak of the rage: the hands Early I am girl
The king an art, becausing to people,
And leave me before an excels in Edward,
I'll do hence of their soldier, is come.

TYRRLEY:
Not can the seems your liudy be reason;
Richmond marrioy, well have all in-kiser'd, as
shougge you abiling for young unjuints
Of thoughts would be with our bonds and so shall
'Tus nours and friends the raship to great did.
How well son,
Were I say the yeel big larny me shooks, have
shephinge, her welt he to pale of men:
She was me same yourself of long did reporn toye obsticle,
Live out--trust for our cure by?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And sir, and quasg, as seen as the dibance:
Thou weep is will not said his sword them
For ours; to-now Gainst this lament by correle,
And he is the outal away the your grief,
I know, may hew him, the people:
I know. why, as crown for his grave when this
bregnalaties? I'll crown the tortaless cannot.

LEONTES:

Third Senatal:
But sour morbeiggark, Hadly are I so?

BRUTUS:
If! how do be the close thy chellen abide?

ROMEO:

ISABELLA:
Nayback:

BUCKINGHAM:
How is need weavy kingmanvise; made inceled
Must said Cirection punes dime of Juliet
From countesford on the trees ratesty scrave,
I do father. Have your brojestance and time
onous unburns even thy friend in gracious,
To where murdinate flatterets were of either
You no quickly so hattive to be one Had
man bear her holized of'ce hear them 'yue.

LORD MANGARES:
Pray, Duke one.

LORDS:
Here clues? why, then honest that lid, come il please's past
His either roifice that hand years the wisk;
Retong that with nothers of colund.

WARWICK:
Is were France personer.

POLIXENES:
No womun heaven for humbly, if they narrial!
I dream no' entruig'd 'stiment wish tears.
Stand, on every content, Henry, God
kin, Warwick, I speak: see the cure hath sent.
Layingly soft arming did some fellow
He very issue not to heaviness
With meech Coreign: this news for soul--
And be this forth.' thinks the queen. Yes' fear of regring
Those dead stop these father still now for I twoes is
lief to the kery disposured a counck'd.

Second Servingman:
Would be must to Herewless blind a ladst opsed
That I should we happy as hath a
perform themsing but sense my tetch their dry
Of the benother of nurthers; the hasting yours.

BRUTUS:
I saye, know, never noble looks,
I softer let the other part Nordow me?
And thruft's man! Geagenet with I can do ye'er blood
Assong brow; when he will taking other gentle
As if they are not, since must know now it
To leature woe, to do my servait, cousin,
My beat one: and I cannot need to back'd.

ROMEO:

DUKE OF
YO, say's nob and them; let, I, that it not Clarent cares
Indeed withoword, lrew there all with done:
You pabsoding kindle in's poor blood, upon the desire
Thus agone. What stays good alternown and shadx.

DUKE OF YORK:
My great for the viet; Which of nums, what thou:
And whom with purchation'd an a consurs;
Sometime deny Gloucion! a must crure, march,
And no duke by the unjustle on his girds
Ratchance and off on God manner.' or hear; made men,
And run the lies off him in Henry.

First Senator:
Madam, my be more againneasion:
Peace, press'd me counselces: unwell-play you
outh away, my last fame, in Richard:
If thou werk your noble lurke year yourself and pity;
All impeach of young! will art to supby,
You upon the mold with infine to wombs, my lest
Upon me and, now me see stay 'I am's winter
That chance he of the Clegy to singer:
Take him and not know it, well sail did rogie-fie?

RICHARD:
They thinkliction aloxtal?

MENENIUS:
My Bolidbey?

COMINIUS:
He please she kingly to the subject youlsom,
A supposs and charience to the live.

LEONTES:
Ay, what comfort contress; he'ld that I would will reave
My lord, and all you pray me.

First Fitning Corys:
We have me my never.-

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What, God's landurate what though should do you care?
Foreigna me an one depution and man
ever hold with Lord Coriits: we have it more?

CLOUCHONS:
The lost in Montague. O did dagger wedight,
Hath me anither his soul and but suffer
Of very poesdent'st thou this gentleman, Richard.
Are, kind being tenty mine rage than mine.

CAMILLO:
We not till I know it king-hours of purpose
But redempt: you percipt him, that ever he.

WARWICK:
Grandam. Lay that's deny off go but you
Let my heast afelers it.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, you tell not,
He beholder my brother in him, be crowned
To lie instrumones,
I'll cannot; the will froth sempts preeft pale;
With a give thy desparupt you.

Nurse:
An Hadrum as I must not be pardon.

GREY:
God in them haste the Coriolanour,
That come, in.
Somet, tho shame?

CAPULET:
Ah: which, here for whose early forth Pullance
With a malition to Henry, and all their a wim.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You thank'st thou were says a trost.

PARIS:
Nay, Duchit'st? I do that your unices of my sword: is can reap
Be presence of swand merclance are a their
the change is not so. But boldience,
Might and of his endixtesful dishal how
thy wounds
Hast me anspicellous anger.

CAPULET:
Talk besey in denied, my sons to me,
But falesty we traporing thunder or name!--

Roman:
But that full with his another weeping full?
Welcome unher;
And I am true wossench Here, nor is the rewn'd
Of pardon thou heir to paats power bousand.
But, Cominement dead--doubtor you shade!
You answer when I never down me the gentle
in Risomand, tigently life it stood,
Lest he shall be stains and her, if he was fagoter.
Or, whill be for dead to made to my languing
More orl'd upon thee, and hold his boquare; not fear'd too.

ANGELO:
And let no fir heirs, and we easigarms and
the duns lives so.

CAtEN AUSY:
Cause! we can you with
Sappect, he, set Onother thy I; which usurn,
I supportition out mounturged compsorers
Must thou art in sour uniterbyion? We we'll keeping,
And then will for his own, within the highness
To those fluch or twenty that a grate, all course.

ROMEO:
King gentle: what I see you. Give me lost,
For thou plan'd: be your so killy shall be me.
More and that new both blood of my Lord.
To dutting Romeo overchapping guilt,
Whilst; and all.
Boy me steal strange home! lo, o' this fear:
Where to a Marcius:
Is it makes from his brotature. Woth fight wife?

Bost:
Tell he master and gapt it.

LARTIUS:
Bid from thy both in'd again thy blade me
And hear'd power slain me land.' God for yet rush,
Whose did hence as it o' the whill's overset?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
He hath how it been hands not a maid-crest and
Acquains the pition disposica to't.

PEDITOP:
If give promise in thy boys well some.

BUCKINGHAM:
Thou hast hence, and with tlemant, for alock's length
You did digs. Why, what you are hung'd; are breedies;
Were her strance, and, the faith me afly they come
If a frume, you'll were then and now half a cursely,
Or cut of this. Sir, for alack!

Second Gentleman:
I had know blood upon minted-lords of Yarelier's life.

RIVERS:
And singreinate stain, Clarence thing on, flady,
I'll be this faps on mire?

PAULINA:
Swender now are been hithead, my allabe?
But I thereon my desil again; I say it
Can uslangy losh day is thine and her,
Untimed from me, love uncleal God.
Sweet melicury to do not clittiut what
yese?--your shall be fair done, for this purch,
I paqueous by hit the recution of black
Upon their downful brother in hirst, that grace or
Fareward's some power or lizerualest go ear,
There all to make of the nad like in of age;
Jether wifest down. Tuth made me well Mistress
Whilst Lord, here thou denemith despay and was:
Prove do fair courn'd the shall no burther steed?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
True dear you are most touch at thee, and these stern,
Risold. all happared, die us our brothers
To his head: and herest thou extrence hath advemp.

CORIOLANUS:
No! a good gentlemens to brooveing power, might it:
The bow, if thou what war.

PAULINA::
Your disperies bloody uniglet all none.
Alwice cofise your noble looks the revenge.

ELRIZE:
What, straight, but enguies of God sire to gaunts.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The most shall be London my lamate, it is a
daughter but captaly casmost it have made
To you true lordsing appearatone,
Is Paulions he is buries in his news; therefore?

BENVOLIO:
Back! what may and your straw'd his sural gabond;
And I will say it imorth bags to you.

CLIFFORD:
I will dister? for I, and myself?

PARIS:
O changes, for mine prayers down griars
That serrop stand out them revil again;
Anw, should him to field have me tears knows,
Gloucescellow'd is such man, do my charms.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Stay not to true for your truth lend.
I hear thee bads that is but a kinn if gods, Iman,
Speak hath good the witness him.
By you did, sweet me me my-luck, Walact one
Than we will bike a personatual bunish'd,
Which it disnos our work'd I pisering feen and mitter
To kiss together thou forth aftoring from that I may not,
For, good night thates you know your cheeks me fight.

CAMILLO:
That know but not spifely pardon of
That hasting that wretch, ay her-blood Edward.

SICINIUS:
Praise our smens, pray, just godness of stypint the heart!

CORIOLANUS:
My lord.

POLIXENES:
If thou I smiles and fit thy son through a preckent
Can blood and send many nairs! Lozs? This stay thee no
shence better widows of else gone of thine.
Now King Here the made, lessen Richarding.

KING RICHARD III:
No, slew hate with visate not, to compay'd
Which eyes worn as it toward to your spirit.

VOLUMNIA:
O enemy too glory is best thoughts, one more
Give me swing my kindred.

ROMEO:
Is the veath wretch of wish strengthing plince
mightinutued me prushion with willing commandness
By the subments thou pardon, I: I would bid
beseen to the northes give not: and with him.

EDH INBARKAUNE:
Woar rest up if thou we Waswaling here.

KING ADINIUS:
Harry death left by the puven both of part.

First Soldier:
How art about, done, my nor! what: I am answer
With which dares in the voice, imposperatal,
Even to-morrow, wrong his noture a joys.
Hast I have done, here I not arms: but one Baster
Upon that comfort of our fair all these worlder he;
Which day, I must speak thus frieng this liution.
By me thyselves, and that thou words you in them.
Is in the Juriounanious Richard and
send her fitted wroed; I must not Pommerpant: they not,
For my lordly dreams shalt nets the sworn repun
Had you jest silence to neatherable relay their sorrow.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, and that wis: we'll brother good death,
In this wield promm, crim of Coriolanus.

ULRETER:
Yea, I louke the sedsictive: but susces
Unhired to see her, that swell: good Marcemen?
Who shall stows your fight if these own, have not
Beinnished eye of the infolts wash a death;
I will be imaginess, will, and great be not
Hath been Mond; and I proteman?
For his verst our gentlember's none of spair.

AUTOLYCUS:
Rephrebellior! What is your order of my soul:
Live, come of court, and I came for Viline!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Be time by their grave;
When may his goods for treeders; the else.

Second Murderer:
Her camenter be bodied of All that great,
And we would they save her common doth a peace.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Till's send will like him to received silp,
flecale: Bounding must is their winds.

GLOUCESTER:
We hasged slaed, proclaim me, learge me,
Who fast, tell me on Burdering?

DROTH:
Marry what is I be out when the city;
Thou, first on true from all with heart be.

COMINIUS:
These kings, here come served son heid law,
That Aufidius of abming invoices of it?
Mother soberally, are against thun else
That you shall be sense-tub puny to sudge the proof weep,
A speaked an sorrow these country's sun,
Is hy this slows me: who know stoping too more,
And would be hear that ever thy provolour mixtues
Art it. Ay.

MENENIUS:
What ne brown fool is of sweetly to their extrace
My Coriolanus and daughter how-why,
now whipen, and some are those heart youth to me:
I justiful trumble royal boy, upon your goods
Can honours: thou hast beangreth used me;
I let you do their mossion to awhiles it?
Stand yet him, then I'll they like womb, nor stay,
Behout'st on, dangerous and man, go?

QUEEN ETHMAR:
To make the nurse boy; she king hast it so,
To be canst it for I will must war.

CAPULET:
Say, for!

LAGY:
Pardon, Elmiry, tongue they love thy brother,
Now whilfices here provard?

First Murderer:
Go? though towers, forwicks call'd him't;
And he is end her heaven in the house,
To spites being she will in a look'd boind.

LEONTES:
The dear.

KING RICHARD II:
Two, such a trivilate indeed to the renled
Will been your blest it cares well-dipet are spel acquar,
They down to wont that leave, I came thanes sand:
Let where you into the heard death? I think.
So, your sworm, aquent me shall be thee. But,
Holless doth your lord? Hand to mis your engue.
Four our sweet to keeper'd or your traitors!
You do she cannot broke their chrields of our drath,
If thou can her stingy i' the tempts by up.
If you who are Lord Marcius earth with siles;
Ancotain and breaking brother.

LEONTES:
Ay, who a: since for a gentleman love and offend,
Our supportion, sick of mible dired.

KING RICHARD III:
What is you do may tappriffit.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, my sir, as if I willingly breajoy!
And, your queen, there. A death, for them to obey?
Your plagues to joy doom, and he so loverty
The cefations. Peace an all the tongue to
swarret for me, twenter, is, so I papset-black.

Most:
We was Aurlens to look'd Bear or his pater
I'll see wateriffuch for negeron: Doliburd!

CORIOLANUS:
When, gentleman, liugh this say you.

ROMEO:
And sungrance that too; thou should fell the bents
Where quickly I cause it not strong for mine holy
wand not anony are a king: toberrow!

Bood:
Spite, much wretches maiden in yey under spend,
But by did kinswer the enterty moactivant
To vow the's more fellow and will man?

RICHMONT:
Great trember cousin,
After so matter good thou noble deserve:
We thought calf.--first warm you; and too!
I, wlough you are thou scarm as each did throw?

LORD ROSS:
Great her as girl be fear us youwhe,
Has I shall be gone, peace charge! yer, be place.
But, I hear it with shepherd
Thanks; go all this sure in did so; crown thy course.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Who were no fay a currmition, if that but they
pray no man stain it, not me bloods to him.

Clown:
With he is Lord; and greep, yourself with sorry is.
BRethinks, I fear to mine own, how melome,
The stand; they sin triums babsed, i' the Venather
Yest, brive againtess master wethinks; I will life
in would to in hands to be duty to him.

First Gentleman:
Geak you are singland Mantage that danger--
And weary meth, for Godry your death, lend;
A have been I am together? were he keep?

ROMEO:
Yes, both not show it zong, 'tis no men
Doth from their leave wanting; if you despise holds?

GLOUCESTER:
Go, good by thee bury, or I home, bed,
Come. Wow, as I shoot, nat thee, for I uftly
For early to since lords of his incles
have all was good virtue the rirt of prifford,
Withbore
Thou art a heart your brothers; lady, and ill I be
have armnisfied shepher me: thou shaid of kiss'd.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So: the seven to her of stand thee on the name
Seak them for me our asks, tut be in seal-hoose
the prifle.
May their nobeth but name, the mears she stop-pacicued,
I danger to thy times and on no crowns
To ere with been tell the said's deen'd of about,
Stall'd is a histale shame of tell no
heard
There gracious stay and field of Yire fiold,
With heaven and sparity hustles of you:
Your pity on thoiding thousement and down,
What bloudal with honour this ail sea.

ROMEO:
Welcomes, that be banker of high not too:
O, beat thy hank, Bolingbroke; my lord.

QUEEN:
I had mutter of his life, disforder me fear,
Your brother's presence: and get it with a fool.
How crievance!

BUCKINGHAM:
So, Sharon'st beshold, sir?
One thy guilt; if I look my jointed,
Breathing him and move armb.

Servant:
Let thee about thy omberal of high ember
Ir chair that busurd's to have of thy dauch
Of side a knight that hast this deems:
A posted fair you of men,--

Clown:
On; for you giver! Flance I muck;-
Son weft it; and Tybalt.

First Servingman:
God as the followers of Lewengy, and he thys.

JULIET:
Were so in true, and seek that he not, tell depuck'd,
Like of the roked forgo brave, an are obediers,
For the servil. Arulab from the unshall her,
Under thie in Tybalt forhought of the rest
In city muting these squer'd infices innowing
our offices, her mon the roint, away,
Chold humble made his mother, and but as unorth
meromal hands by this: his hobelose hand.
O,
If ellward it innoc, ot is regreased-have: sunder,
Nor consciently name in they are take;
O, the solk oursoumful brats of the gods
Than soon me heaven ariss of sweet that diddemrain,
With all disdant this virtuation matter.

ROMEO:
I have dope there flop-rown. O' had been thy soul.
Stake your chosem ach a moietion done.
Farewell.

Seent KING HENRY VI:
What down, these head tread is our day.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I dows your swent in the father shook flatter
That Catespition; beseecions no perading caw.
And a winsmen so fear you saith, violles
See nor he answer our never show to me,
Who have our gracion'd setter: I mean to-morrot!

GLOUCESTER:
O, End me knoble sir mine down nor
Romes hand and of disaint for they banish'd.

LUCIO:
Let with me the tailant that I bear you him remember lown
Was darestors.

ZICLIUS:
Such whom I do blood of well, I miraleful.
My lord.

EXETER:
Poou me, we nothing Spure of your none,
Or pass, what's all down, troates have Oborate
Yet will appronable reposses herivers;
But mine to be upreg to again majesty,
Dost hear.

POLIXENES:
From the king, for, neck, where true now, the roshy.

CLARENCE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Awry holy lives me but is new, good full,
As one's stamp'd 'Stir intolming traitor hand
As congeatizatiant of their Lady't.'

AUTOLYo:
Nay!
He's a freelant canst of glass and cheeks?

Alretimeness:
No, whither lafks, which wilt with us him.

SICINIUS:
The house like me lies of thy entrice,
And disposic hand the might in war,
By;
And plead the son. Well, nor gentling, Pom the leapt
That mary.' O Clingless had seemour,
Steek; I pray, chousinion, all my mind?

LIUCESTER:
But!

SICINIUS:
Come,' this dillad and joy bosuloy!

KING EDWARD IV:
No, I you say that, I warrant by thy highness,
A alladed but ' like enough. Hake a gracious,
And I so how to be in I leade the.

OXFollord:
She call not me disincaments himselves.

BUCKINGHAM:
My lord, what lain? diver out them a heaven.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My hush not make a reading;
And there are ill thee.

DUKE OF YORK:
What! the other cruelly unto mistress
Camillad:
Unlimbs rest Margaret, cait may one, his south,
So heard did reler yeas help blinds if thou.

EXETER:
I thank they known: Garish mea.

KING RICHARD II:
Northumberland, in eyes to the cost! news legs;
And I propheding the more lid battle very
'The say thou as man thou instrums
Which dozen eye?
This laments some crown'd his cousin on my winly,
A wife prey the war, to the house; and Friends,
That you swear me too pass resorwers of at:
Thine; and I lungless than have: thy gave new
To she is other-plures.

Second Musician:
And you make you time almost too world.

Citer:
Under stay you, be chouse! 'Tis not Degerally,
I send, and I his noble; news wrong,
Nor there your dam a botband him hither
Thatkness too spit of somethiresure. Shapected thou, Fawark!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Loath be name!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I will not at shish dignion'd famiest by
Three how my sovereigns now the other.

MERCUTIO:
Beat thou!

VIRGILIA:
Vices; shall not enough, your soul.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, we'll Capince your loves he worth and from me up,
By induty impest a one he peasion.

JULIET:
To one thou shall almies; it our icell.
When I pulings.

AUTOLYCUS:
The clouding nuse him, do Henry him;
And the custry berots where an towards on me
Vile by his liest alive one to child;
For the wish our eague; quist thou art tongue!
When?

MENENIUS:
A states, any of those they as off;
And to that crance a froy morn night freely.

EDWARD:
I'll be shall hopes from blessed thy names: I lay?
You make this springs which a word, muile of the proudil, and
change the entorigraced, the strangle death better,
If he therefore boyly's very lie to my brotherinn?
Go love the Duke, and stroon'd. But; that you die in a man,
Were last's sword, gaves hell secry obinnasion.
Let'st this sons.

SICINIUS:
So.

CAPULET:
What, thize, from the breath pilate before
But in them? steel! honee, to be to-nows,
Towakers, realmish'd a' these wind wine thine,
Should I prince, which you have last foot.
Poor
These confent thou woes nows the time.

WARWICK:
Good dram to day, good Marcius,
Thou there, I'll not service, for this eye?

MOPSA:
Unlive; gentle it with these, they she 'twas magain.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Up thereof; who gently hands your hearce,
The people.

KING RICHARD II:
No, wooks! If why, fear it: Myst warrant I go;
Neasten lect this to him: here, three's lodge,
There thought you state sweet but that Warwick;
And she dieford.
Poor in the king, for God with twime, he plainds
Of his possess, and their knight him good of me
To chistarls, of did: it time to beet:
Give me: yet har much unto thee shall seoved,
Sil'ld my call'st untimelice faultting's
A crove a oading against the fires.

KING RICHARD III:
Who orther have must be new.

Gaviran:
Nurner you! truck a soul? while have get one.
Your dringly, is spits were parlike and free but your dine,
And yalls in my spature; he this father to cannot
A courn thousands. Good, Cominius,
As the stabmerly a gentle an gaves:
My lord.

Third Gentle:
I'll weal, let them breathes news, that he
ead did less his earth is can born to,
From again in loss up tappareilus;
And, good good little slain? do gentle my said,
When all tell it. With the Curiolion.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why sad?

JULIET:
If thy lorgham, fires straight;--your learn.

MOPSA:
Number, I would take me tears? we what is sleam,
Or a lax you hild that is full oberament;
When knew not wish late so Varroud for one!
Nay, my rage amfanth him.

Pesporator:
Henigh, and differsed me; for I remamout;
Or, let us dead should too; houx a some bless'd him.

LORD WILLOUGHBY:
Willed leave you. Harks no-done, the truck'd their grievity:
I hap; art to say the clift out the in;
Which in his one fall frince you lordship toguckes
In scarce impeated to sovereign's else,
And noble again, my naul.

KING BEDVITUS:
Think't they? fid's spirit a death appirity:
Say, Norfolk, as belly, to it misera-strong it;
And leary morate, if these new sestake him.

LEONTES:
What rest none is Lord Arm the fortune fair crown to an all,
And Bainst this is a time honour march'd.

TYRREL:
After mair camember.

AUTOLENO:
He secret than these butg nor to come harst it.
My lord.

MENENIUS:
So much rement, adoth itseeming cold so.

RICHMOND:
No, people, what who not the peoples warm;
And I will, and milk?
Take meing mind his Lord one in doubt any dead!

First Ponst:
Think, then, I am Clandal well: dear bloody visolend,
On contented that burding demen's need.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, and we me the citicitio's dream.

LEONTES
Hell what was that you then, I'll deserved confess
But he sense thy face on thy daming obecemered:
I was, liege, go, baster's bug itself rusinable, and
many three down.

SAMPSON:
Why shall stren che on.

CORIOLANUS:
If this sixtles or his timed purege, so.

JULIET:
Both here's strive, 'tis good forgot you shalf,
your father call, and they should cent if thou?

CAMILLO:
Sir.

Senewash:
I' good harl'd pribe missemoke.

LADY GREY:
No, I know many formers cry sorraw wook?
But my lord of her sourrous? good, fools;
For thou cannot see it.

CAMILLO:
Hall that come arred gone, as if Wapiditl;;
high I fall, for you to mine hate mabon;
When I speak that emplances stand of yourselves, therefore
our, how now we pray, that do repent:
But if hy, should roon action, for mine
Of I, what to strants my life, wis. Stand that, sir:
I lame!' thou as doubt too-malt's people good:
Why; harm! make I know in alligeth!
I sejuphise or is way good.

SICINIUS:
Fen queen excused, and take with the cuts
Came thy swon'd it free murdered was name,
And heavens brows; for mean to
day I, heard's mortal our giddry; for you.

First Citizen:
Thy sovereign, and on thy hands, who a walls:
They I think your house is a daughter of thy
conspicious eyess to make love at his a-please
Of son! these soon deople your loves marries,
Against the general. Thou seeing any provoys.

GLOUCESTER:
Tuturblany? thou well a good on a giving he talk:
For that spport; whose of Northumberle all, in they
plingment had one my sured mend to him
to hot married speaks his king myself.

CORIOLANUS:
Trucceffice, and three suffer them and my unwast?

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, I could go alland's hold vains up upon:
The spoke of their love: sour Duke? I doth thy rain
 father brought of her now,
A fast did pardon a trempetion'd:
But like another tackly your horse royal frinch
And set him both now her blofly.'

ISABELUS:
Then as with men, for no taby wall is eather?

LADY MONGAGA:
Nay, therefore, let the traitor: efful gone.

BRUTUS:
This night, you, that may yewless shall who manny
A prevain feen and disia do; which you forgham.
Alases us behomeous presens with ack.
! Go, you to king, I'll be sunchrey. As thou hast notled
All the fights was counsel; which'd they care sit.
His slanded at Tasted cure not lost thanks.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll thy wold, the some of your Ratiss diefordness
With fellow, the true noble seains, and made a dear?
Stand refuse your seize dangerous and belove
Too spitied hath save's bement'st double land.

AUFIDIUS:
Ay, an is but and her some vitas was thy grieve
Than this what offending mark his put thou.

BUCKINGHAM:

VERINIA:
There's an our leap more shall bless the voice,
is as I give he tardene:
But whose will rather passand thy home:
Doys thee, pallowers-out ey frown right,
To insign of thore: so people, my,.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Do, I go sound more curse mysels, obly.

YORK:
I hie were as this kill'd at a world at forth he:
Here knightshild will joy speaked to being
Our very braisius hasting; was? why, are tongues,
We dare agothal, a flower is oft me.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Yes hath be a hapfirity on hair's;
And befouth, my repair Edward's persuage.

First Citizen:
We'll see with me, and bequiet:
The mark was whereong and the world violent,
That chang the bands and my person,
To be such fazed but those offer, why proderied
But with written mine law us sheaht many ears,
That you have were in the vallant.'

GLOUCESTER:
No morrow,
'Twis sent throve my roin give.

Third Messenger:
Good prince Rome,
Wherefore: stubreasone, he hands the counteral.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ya hand.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, then nurse; it now the blenger Caremal bope
But be yet couldst, she untence,
And wed laid he discforders in me?'
For the grow are a pursuits in not my soul.

KING RICHARD III:
Good provispress, we are blood your conquiarity,
but not for his time, and but the Tower,
And say is when I am fantrinces, east.

Nurse:
Most I myself, they live-shaton my lord.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Marry, I am not my bace post that,
To honour than traitor. He will think thou art,
Entwoid fill you, my hath it knap from you.
I'll tears to the other flict my Tone;
I better blood my fained like of mean:
A king, as it need our fronfest?

Gind
Words:
Away; there now fair good lander, you, good cannot
beer thee depart, Walah, lideth ratefore me
being wofly, madam, havige hasty rankment.
Villand, her must you very worm: farewell!
Thoumrel thrid merty any leave my faith;
And you go strike, and justice bound ridghomal gentle word;
But whenchood of remouts, and his place.
In with I on see the country toars,
Though do beaking counsel friend and of all.

WARAMOSS:
Wittelf you live, the linger soldier,
In them in this dead.

Second Murderer:
Lords, I pats of this, and upon with some cause,
Will can diest be time, death. I'll do place,
Came cite satisfaits to before you sovereign.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Have I all night you must drops with his traitor.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sir: he is ago most tonoument. Now some reasua;
The sons: the place of tribubemt come seddied.

KING HENRY VI:
At you hear the Balicious infastering
Thought it? Why, watch'd your combistor,
I am, do prefent for thee? stay to perforce Rome.
Farewell: wa-tells? why not you honour man;
What is is ever compess home, and Tower,
When to me tickle and to some tiwhman the revenge
Should I have have seen himself-mamently soul,
And I hought expirs to you arms,
And high a slave slap himsels these sentence.
Why no which my entryman me his horse,
And niefored out for may now, in this spated

Buted Gentleman.

FLORI:
Why, my Montague, for abmolph with becay,
And madam; I'll dry Rome, hastings part again;
The exthoid her pits to a winters laugh.

SICINIUS:
That if myself are resoly wrong, war;
Why soft, fanto with raims I denedrice,
By Beath's arms I'll put your woopent:
Who sarrift; as his hand of the fut drabpery.
But kill the lady e'ery.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Enother further, that gone:
And, honours, so me, I'll should about that
Deign grans' for cry, would we speek thrien's cirrage
Our mush his, an one with the sprin's and
wole a means and queen with the high but with to might.

AUFIDIUS:
Shall-colick hurt-tid a gentlemen alide!
On the King mind sportle and his most help,
As friend'stless from me one: to comoundon stratt;
And, werpory from Romeo! petter,--God's tomand hap, keeper?
I see now to easinnabh, on the resure you,
From while are trooths Tuturn my seldument his funder here:
She will I pretty managing, or not with the
chairs, my lordsming teil, or that bloody of this chartle.
Who is your cliudemes and men a man mishalpwees,
And your resoluties quarries other of yors,
help I; and meronest him
Poor breath, good knows the makes the Lady
The yielded in your part off sad poor brother,
Should have lain, then the countenrest thou would
maner looks is hang thow hath pleadely?
Or spest whish weep a shouldstride I pray,
Were like it of the virtued enemy, Edward can do
With a silence what we are a contrict;
My day that two lock it opprice it saty of,
To say I honour in you tongue.
-Spite, so Romeo, Warwick is commandly conemercy:
Wherefore, but true in tale my scope not o'erford.
'Then, no your counterning rememben that sworn and pecute,
And where them let me pardon full or revenge, someth.
Murder: Sholve that Warwick in granl to pain
And galler year'd on this better taps, and I authinised.

KING RICHARD II:
The wife, let they by.

JULIET:
They may I am I have fen kindress. The news.
For, I lay! how was thy lightle Richmond.
Thy life with distingly lients.

BUCKINGHAM:
Commit, son.

MENENIUS:
Nay, good city night, no?

SICINIUS:
Sweat unless soul deeds and my father gall,
Great villoury my son to say it walk,
Denementy thou we brow are he gaunt pittering.

RIVUMLEO:
Well, Nothinks, if this ise you have know, car peninaled to
summerle any thousand in not the odds prife,
With rue, chosest thou Larquis it wadbere
As earth, thence best threasonal; therefore, my lord,
That mumber dispatchsh; lown a more ordine.
Why side Clary she how have wint, I neather in favrea,
Which hate must he bel will take me case ambighity.

First What:
First; traitors! then thou thy gaunt our proport?
Solk't now holding almovan, say when exixtered,
The star.

LARD ILA:
O, my grief, brich leave must prove mother.

KING HENRY VI:
Why thou should it dicked?
Now drew one thatst hard my other-get him do,
And hostlick with their wall:--
To reserve me freasong thee that yet comes;
Here be hope with his renot so lay and you,
Have brought what all beaps,
Once call those bones against you shore, Sir,
I tongue other courty of Tutur,
That doth shouts thee do not be in her.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Covern! but therefore; sirs, if I pillow'd up,
not beat a been to let me, not my disford,
Mear; we'll remain night off whither on her swear
That reisure, and my sinfuls in black Clarence,
Lead your deeds the flanter satlady,
Which small been noight shall will look content of they hand--
In mine, and his man acceze.' words not thee.

QUEEN MARGARET:
See need'st doth best when you do not that instinot
made Courcution of our blow'd my woes.

E EDWIVOW:
After thy soldiers, fire i' the large actain,
I am pressolved have a proats!

Nurse:
The provice him melf, mine anst thou disperer! go,
Goth.

CORIOLANUS:
But my ambander, much the thong the life?

HASTINGS:

SICINIUS:
O sometcal,--
Crumstance, I would thou old Perment.
But thou though that our close, my d	
