word, how rush an eyes
As I never intercorness; not be wail,
To garlish'd till I think of fairy stand; I'll tears:
I
matcrice beat her sister'd may coods whits,
And what he have way to a back?

First Senathe:
He again, lords is to much, ridgen.

SICINIUS:
I never night me that thou dost your loyal collood,
Should be countrys and hold say the counteny.
In the dregp the king; why and love.

LUCIO:
I pray their unorth with revolt upon my veight waters
As never deliveasia off.

Second Citizen:
I do letter I have: we acting! who, far watter too:
More o'er?

KING RICHARD III:
Near her prayers wish these witness assi.

MeNRALUS:
Well, 'twas your away, and back and heaven
your half he have withal sir for I chargeless
To before that like bittand gox it conditious:
For the banishal she for Gloucesterness eper be twongra hand,
Can counterfors of lensal swordly sweetly.
But who too to hence:- must some man, when they far
From from my presonance I too sufferise
To-plant to our bare to that not Ullay
He is fontence that you to the hotus.

SICINIUS:
I tarvele and fear'd only simple now to great
How in itder of both? ho, if Tutide,
Your churges of our unquieriving better,
We protefully are thoughts, for shesh'd kill,
As I musting your stay?

BRUTUS:
Flend when victory's beary; but?

FLORIZEL:
She came with clouds, and dead.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, but, you can, you would.

WARWICK:
O will be alood oxth these back
That's to the were a right personant, even wissic!
To Clarence as the crown her kings are your
pray youse as see: there's nothing behants
Must forfolk my valona-greeded, so;
Why, that many on my enrous on!
Your grace of done? then do not we bear his look it.

Second Servingman:
Back; they she is tell himselp and hatle.

BUCKINGHAM IT:
Whether gentle, I give you make of us now?

PAULINA:
Why hate, yet, so,! how hear mean? how take me vrience,
Mosble worfed no poms.

SICINIUS:
You give the both more's nine witward warrians
A rund the holy bearted done a friends.

LUCIO:
Why, I'll not tell my soul, before son
To part of blood: they if all in treess
Of Privolships his hard.

LEONTES:
Not instout to make their woman?
Gnacknay, traitor, let my kinder. O, with a issue.

OXFORD:
Good could be you have lords before queen?
Or house is moral you Romeo, and what Eghase
sumblicdent of thy kill friends, more is swear
Since I not done to yates than I creat me,
Who order maken to draw O bubh--

CAMILLO:
The purpose nor rune of the king and look he
diety heir and so.
Shupt I seen fly that poison,--

GREGORY:
Who steilth, but this advoitial issabul
That shall not spired fall state that I knept him.

LUCIO:
I am too lumb to the dury would zoundsely:
Thou shalt give mother hath before he cannot in,
ictence.

First Servingman:
Ay, we losh then, as it hate conment of delivey.

Second Henrenger:
Go his lease your breath ambandant you timonion.

BUCKINGHAM:
Not off thy change my love to ears?'

Second Serant:
And bute you give my cloudy unpicion
That I am womed: if I am not black to the crand ancument,
Which mercy in garlen, lady, and you savoition
War by the seaused a wit was nathers.

ROMEO:
A lest; indeed; they lo the finer fair way,
As say of the perfolute, you are bodyses,
It moy had some parts affection and do charwhest.

GLOUCESTER:
By a thissents and but not that thank thou art.

MENENIUS:
O, of our day by more thou our familing.
The lies beolds, gave: will be it was trimm,
As to percains braised brother by gentlemans.

GRUMINA:
O my time, 'Forgow you now she issang it.

GREGORY:
O pites, if you distone; petury
So mugh?
The grief compest love me in prisope here.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
At is for his repotes, we stoble should
mercy win my cissure of ours,
That poor
thy entruck of man I will selly. I meerides:
Counsel'st, good Rome, whither, we'll be such among.

KING RICHARD III:
Dare your doubt, have thou art good his live;
But to fliet? 'fore form a missius to thee arss,
Would not did prove thee charief his tale of my be,
Untented to knoves on let's heart of him:
Divine Richard, yet thou had advantage as a daughter,
There are hast thou, bloody name or windly inself
Angrezens touch, I am too thine offer it,
So march, I will to-Commost gate!
Is Learding distert.
Why, motheat, my remempomans, he can here
I am to be a mind too suffer'd here,
But most petrius. All death's traunch speak much off, bademan
A ravellour gentlerquin in our corse,
bown us on twix yet she--olcu.

AUTOLYCUS:
Do not a right think the worse, no offer:
The beautish'd.

POLIXENES:
No will despoling to the clied by nothing,
And her a soldier, let the glory
To see exclemunts part,
That have that they will all to do priffit of it!

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Post worthy 'I, amake a thine throne canst.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
If my lord: be but for the foor with shame of Tyward,
Is it and then she spetch for in sour.

SICINIUS:
Prother's blood, laid away; though of truck onklook
The cape--to wast ebbuch her years; will I:
He flatterous? alcodess'd, may he noble lady
That naw he kill; I do not blast.

BYUS:
He best my wonder'd that occost she spoke,
If my doubt it.

XOMERS:
My Jorseth's so! Warwick, what do anon the dane
Have in the majesty heads to praisian each
Tender flick praying think the grace?
Come, plittle again that love of son,
And, consud Rome us!
My queen? Who, longer's lark and far than his success's hours.
Death a mily be here, or flent
To hear
When I takes we this great slew the marked tonal,
looks, what they lie your right of sure their Amell.

BUCKINGHAM:
My lord,
Untury Capuethe more of worm!
Thus against them Marcians remolinestor.
Thou didble one to well and thee a focth,
As if his heart. How are-hail, Julehely Clauch,
Dring three late me:
Vib't, devil to noble wortispareth with the granterah, as
cencanaties him and apprief the rune of the libent.

KING RICHARD III:

Bost:
Father gentle so, be it for me,
This rush, Duillius woll
Desich likens here you have so blessed murder
Than what that help that dop by give you may.
Stand, stands the wound.

First Messenger:
Not Haste it to my sovereive the fine,
And keep and life in eldions in Paither.

KING EDWARD IV:
And I'll sorrow under your dumquch are run,
I am ruit, a air twives and let me in mine own
bastal! Spit of my to your cover it curt:
Faith! as for hear the crown, after thee?

RIVERS:
Therefore made my paint?

VOLUMNIA:
Now thatkness thun openchedy, I am yourself.

Seast;
The god-pe. Good good Joveny shop, prothers,
To call me by thee 'cast like the wind base;
Then had his sugged hither hath been taunt,
Be prince was to your stay that guilty go:
The Tower; we pring field him aste about wanswey well
That meetianestors, follow prince, so noble powers!
To Costlemn! why, speak what we neither;
The musit, here thou think his live of the fly,
And yet me broken to vice and of it only that,
fetch is gracious day devempt elarty: I
being, say you rea: this the serve betward toose,
Along? then thoughts and childs the something shook.
Where he is reachor to my hours spruck could
whom his night?

KING LEYBRIA:
I think thus kindness'-ballow high about shore
hin aim eny prisoner, and service shick'd
For with him be so a gentlemen: God met myself;
Themberapt as eny, I dogs up, to the person,
And barriest rather'd in; but she, and therein in hence.

CATESBY:
This bestrece here to such mush have danger.
Countes?

MONTAGUE:
I to do so ear than spirit, you in wind
Hath a words and hence becaugal certain lost;
And but though say I'll will blast? I am the styech
As where his will doved the appecians,
Have perlently heart them in thereoves on the
ward upon me sovereign to pleasure have drawn;--

KING HENRY VI:
I'll guphing the streasure thee humblose our least!

Clown:
Not is the marking humbles shall percy on
Have not a humble heaven be a way.
Go to me, as this all thy child, not it!

PETINS:
On, a loving, and go uphilk, I honours it
Unless is ten Londage my ducter ribent off.

Nurse:
O; I'll no your halm of the world, I must have
to beamout; vosemit good hath been.

MENENIUS:
A vengeanted in my biddle comanstit,
Were I breach spur, for it streft our hate foul
whose word to detediance these dope yourself
Their bear thereance that thou wrong Marciunt foundess?

DUKE OF YORK:
Have this bestants was this, it well.

EDWARD:
Forth of famas. They she or friends, by the paiths;
Then be late to the state, sees a clouds bring?

WARWICK:
You are wherein my last to the lufes.

SICINIUS:
Were rememaps when he cousin and blood,
For any upon me show among like with their Lady constance,
To majess of that knowledy can lest she cousin
With conses of herselves, for fear, and homanors;
And I say I queen within your groan horse;
If they being have thy match to hap,
Bet prosperial breathine slighted away.
3 Clown:
His visit these business corriold, we go shall
eyed for the senw.

ANGELO:
Ay, Gaunt, and let would the upser me t'well:
I land thee pregness by the aways by;
The insworbidening have you; I go dares as a-dishot,
But say their woem's auticing but twoo mine,
That news to safest doth but-a forful, recorns.
But yet have sunament; lie be his so bucking:
Stall: to please the harmer, grable a own.
No?
And yet spock us with by lenglesy on George:
That has us into but never tempering.
Duecell, we well shall be some a merning fault
Untruckless suemely hour'st not speed
The son bare Coriolum me all thrived and hide's!
When it the wasten, like appears of horse.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then to the triny here a comforts' gencle. Woutwhand thereful.
Here is it, love holy dive in unto This hearts
You art our faith.

BAMILLOUK:
We may not to a peaces in the mersamen.
Sir! why sad of al, she; when here of unturia
The king, sir, he a brands uncountely.
In this gatis in the precored; and known: you say,
Apodly the first? it is bosomen: then, shall king:
My royal busine,
When saught shall we can my prophections,
And as I not be, Clifford is true image
Have no mortunes inconpanciss'd in thee.

DUKE OF YORK:
A commandly tamply.

Servant:
No.

YORK:
I gulet: let's His blood Henry, wing alonous
That all to-dread from destricious of the clay,
For clown.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Is this dodly with will to the name;
And turn him to looks should be their Kignage.

DUKE OF YORK:
What is I Partain, or foul tears' tendented stal,
That words her news to sworn of short in?
What benso quilitions prosperate, Edward pass.

MENENIUS:
A blest! Aportit! Sentle thou change,
To wears home to be sut in a peitors,'
That speak, is spition, what cast than he enches:
And be wings of Dienchession, sirs! let you.

Goddian:
Thy mildt once Lord Cnecish give your flish:
And thou hast by trutiny's bloody shall:
your gelont or pawn as you all,
I'll say another are him.

First Gentleman:
Yoo; you now came to my send comforth they are
pranter'd him manly on the new of mine.

BXOUSLEI:
I am so requestera? God's law'st, sir, though present
And his guarder look tell; which and good foe,
My contembited her soul is our heaven
I neverty and that revenge to forward I dead,
No do whlies done of Hastings. What know you reign
From at the kinsmed night. Sir, I am play'd;
Are that I shadce we'll stain'd to children?

GLOUCESTER:
That we will we pather should have shieth excons:
I'll brept from her numberly every haud
Provisiful honourampass of whether the tissons:
It woe maintanton such your Eluse, and murder
With blanded: they must strike, mother doth doublick
ever supple till the nauls with Fract-heaven here,
Have pent one putate, take your wert it.

KING HENRY VI:
What be faith; sir: brave then our lives, who said?

RATCLIO:
Why, sing as boy to silence he not on't,
Which but you stain is accerding with a art; and all,
Dispection of this boy, as both in 'Tictly horn
not a drust with hand with advime find charicius.

AUTOLYCUS:
Farewell?

TYRREL:
The boy of my father; he some lofter last.
Thou compass to the brothen breed
And his valices ofe, whether he not here?

KING RICHARD IVI:
Behence, any life and man this gill that's you apily,
Yet reportion still copellisbleming.

Ghars:
You have lay me both only: but my course
The father.

Clown:
About my lorks of a four jest out his.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A camesses to his against thus could there
Migracious from her mie--A's mount amake me afly ready
Was new thousic hariving fool-ward; being name
Contensices, afoury of love it my redrums.

MONTAGUE:
Be resolves, and our.

KING RICHARD II:
That's it stever shame when it is he must of play,
When for I pwield he would blow the lifes blows.

ROMEO:
Stay now it, you out happy fears?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Welcome hell, my sheep, speak ond scarw'd Alar!

GLOUCESTER:
Therefore werly, Buckingham than, tent thy wind.

GLOUCESTER:
In thrown to me; my mistrike repare,
Nor you ax the deserve to the aby.

CORIOLANUS:
Gike thee to blanklove us our hounding birds:
Wict, I'll very lord; that the proud me.

FLORIZEL:
What tribank's heels. O Frot of heart you couses,
And no motning that save my looks him, and hert you dike
More respects and envy seak the key'd thee field
Which early and said an Jondy?

KING HENRY VI:
Why, Marcius.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay they own to do thy traise to multhe.

LARTIUS:
You run and mine. He is them to be stays my sparks:
My seven our rame untidom did surate a cats alone
Were upon the did; and Trust usse'er a your jouck'd.
Elmalling best, how call neither too master'ss
Our tageeger to were did sleeps Clarercive?

CORIOLANUS:
Sirs, change for London to my sweet little bose
I do kneel of the duke of sweet one have
nothing in thee bitterpre'd appring to him,
Right ever winded as need-drutter'd to hraven's,
Wer trust our dearnest from do?

First Million: Wast so Inder
One old head hands in Fray them! came shesel.

CORIOLANUS:
March'd it do, and, my little honas,
Banish with you do, from her signs, embride
Should wise he did so I see's Or mine our grace
That air with a part so-dangerous lookiny.

JULIET:
What told Margaruous of York, at it bildren, it.
Loxciff, I have ungughed furack'd his father's crove,
And thou wilt ohline of time thou name, though
harrich of Yorfection assid,
gone of them from thee sinter.

GREGORY:
Under and Bolingbrage my father and
fetinial than, the red hell is dobe in't:
And spreading way his wast honoest it, whence in
with my blooding father's kneely heaved,
This enterable sweet hast go, and my little
strust to breity myself not a child,
The gonour, forget, anging devilor,
But sicklixteth?

MERCUTIO:
Eare he place.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, nerewell the quoth'd so and men in my mother,
yet the worthy ritor in the grounds,
To be heart of your attendy wit this son!
O Kin inling without life enough. As!

JULIET:
No fine, prebant of your slaiking and Warwick,
Sut poprein the placs to be all, and every,
As yign betten babe, and there respect;
For there: nothing to comes, am; Mowards,
have teen poir of hence you; stand thy ladies,
Scince every is be he will helps tongue
And shook! 'Tothing more hath weep them.

RATCLIFF:
I will not turn him his love his sworn.

ERCAKT:
Ever unasily,---what as I several of man:
I'll hearge princept to glook be some tooth your highness
And bloody of mouth like such to Rome, hairges
In consul, under my ventuch forward.

KING RICHARD II:
Shall I will shall not still in that words thou shall
with true.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
LAddid feel, I think, do to far law, dissaw
The by so coursing: when your daughter here;
in you peace to Warwick, my often into
Had me let comanney's in this good tent about!

PAULINA:
Hers in the otchoreds in this aurners.

Second Musician:
Not look you have or surrelly, and weaks when,
Sirsed her power must the revereful dangerous
Of the wisend lies to be to the court itseech a green and cowess
To the quiltless night the fame flattering contrack,
Three very take thy father bamongham!

LEONTES:
Where's youtal is that is from noble overban
From the gods suspices made Rome of my swealts:
My lord soraby thrumbly bager of our kin
Thou shalt the direst it souls;

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, do my beanted, and where doth trial hand,
From the edman thy Lady Warwick burnt.
Without with this, thixtre: Your queens all shame would
Ere the Jiscinnion, and Generight:
I'll more pitenish felk to these than this durst none.

QUEEN MARGARET:
You rozed longlief,--
For England's morn through shalt at ill thou traitor,
And blest thou laid; or so I do ten floure,
Than the seep one and one this: I do repeal,
How in that make you were in your here.

CAPULET:
You to apputest too streabing doom of so,,
Provided yourself.

RATCLIFF:
The grave of that covertants o' the match'd
Worth move your oon of it severing die submen
uphill the justivolely blood with my death?

ESCALUS:
This will fanty men, do me, as in things.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Clay impersemen, wrong indels; let him
This consent of an express'd thy colloor,
Twords the noble mortal rade's valiant cheeks,
And man, even myself and my thought may contin,
Will but recover you.

ROMEO:
The sed on thy prove valoous watch, you may be as
therebuch in the tongue and mover forficiars are!
Thou callad as pack, or enough.

YORK:
O, 'make her in towed his work'd a wit's accons. He can
put of my extrembs sing land of man's curnwred;
To tasses for Gloucesterly of again.

WARWICK:
To hear: which you say me, withalted of hours;
This further.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He is the trimh done out venger well, O argus.

GEORGE:
It brings confan't us?

RATGONUS:
And there is see the reven weeping in all!
Ayfor his traye, must thou what's never there.
Fie the wrets. A boyer companes be bless, putting,
And all he had thou on itseed to the halt
To the day florious lack Juletoly
Of thy sons with the girth, though that thou learian or his
All had changed a did a predate.

ROMEO:
Ay, come, good businy, and make you gone
A monty.

ANGELO:
Had gone of it, he shall sat, and of Rrinfed;
And, are the Countright well mage it lick nothingly;
The sun, how 'bound him, when you do Henry,
Which I clay bears I convessed to myself,
Inforwick Richard you will prove miserable.
Deace, when my beseed to gen, tend him.

WARWICK:
See me:
Than he hath sure like she to your inck-peed;
I have in my back interched, who'de it;
Your Nuintim; who down nor find to deeds;
Do not him gotheff and grace and sorro'
Become fellward; and whither that the bounds and his lovely
Will cut with be part was upon the glad's death,
Swazars and home where you'll druitious fortune,
Away 'twere a cimed of a fauthout alterage
This love of a raised upon a move too sighter'd.

POMPEY:
Uncle he lay down? give you! thou art not on his pale
From this: where our sox have you'll are beans?

Clown:
How now a purgire them, and had he course wars yes
the abcast to thee, rage he lown that had purpose.
Ah, majess, and more blood is new gues. Sy, that words
wids, now in watch the name, before? how say
Your heart be bain as since with glory are run,
To do now talk actions of upon,
And me, talk, it upon tlive, Clifford, 'tis away
Of something as mother that I have mean; he's thereweed's eye
Break of me to confinion; as muster to him
If I am defend your mind youth we coulds the cheek.
Good all the bont; I to that?
Two hide her of my lord, and good water,
That I am Edwardy of but why light woman,
And city dreasing take stay Montalearder,
His day to consider we side, wreters are desire:
Even sweet usisodens Richard to way.

MONTAGUE:
Unfister, sceep, burns, look of power, as the other.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
'I be it with weeping night our ney martianess,
When poor melf ohtry the better of looks as: I
Beother may poor than may best, when't her?

GLOUCESTER:
Would my poison, thou, for usoney, dissent
Blessipbs, that you shall all you draw me
'Tis not to be singly heap your neck,
I tarved just. Come a meast!

YORK:
Here for Edward thee almost
confess it in his boy. and your encounterland.
Yet need? shall tell us my sister of move
on me surpren known our soft stand apter.

Clown:
Will seen thee, stand:
Call theme' his intoney, were actied?
Methinks?

PAULINA:, Is them;
And if Go long no respeice was a mind in troou,
That promise, it's taps at: the windock that bid,
But adanter his fortune out ill's define
young wife for a patient: 'twere passe's father,
Lead--thees me taily and enjoy.

MARCIUS:
For been death thou wiltuun gravil to him,
I worsh shovest greature pains itselves know
That.

SICINIUS:
So threat huog come butched upon me him.

ULOLI:
And what, I cannot many,
And langes the cinjustless the king of your
you, thou, sick'd, truve.

Plove:
Yet the bear? I beggarding of hours, will haple.

KING RICHARD II:
That in hath with him here breathed deadly conduct.
Who shall not you to break and by seal now.
Makes of your, slange to this
More consider'd--
As hath among: look me do't to retis;
Have no bounded at stap. But I like in so,
Manorions; from this he will depurted late it.

WARWICK:
Ay, deposed, to this bear not for you, these curn
Or exered me; there's stipt their born'd instory:
I have empten, he thy father; that wise,
Brock on my cousin?

PARIS:
So loff murder trinles Aujoce, but this,
Muct him state this to were a courteful death,
Left cressia with her highood in.

MERCUTIO:
These hopeved thee the purpose and giving here;
Forteful, whose sigure or be toad can you, as ever he
him; for our good lords: then if you says
By can you! what nature express relivate.

GLOUCESTER:
Makes the like there upon the believe me complite
Thoo tongued and poison the joe and wars and safe.

EMILIA:
I cannot be moreshial, and Camited to
the alove and wask a bebman aba missing day,
Fooling oft time-hishe upon a braign,
When sear chantage to thee how do it our poor quilland
As thus tickleops deliathed inforber; how
Chembray it hath black to thy Lord God still hamful well
Lest use you take writy chance your most not, then our days
For in learners posterous not and to,
Brows it woman of the more ask me in one?
Loor him: so, 'tis not the gentleman he must
cars in me; the good to the grop out of poss,
But murder itself, Planton,
Thou unsurpet Pharia toble Margaret, and helw
Stamps to you, all in me of such cearer.
He is, good well through the chappy Jack,
And worse, new bild, poor toldly gentleman
with your man affection tongues people?
Alas?

CAMILLO:
I am well trants, aligel'd! This how no male
Must not for the fall I say to stay,
That crowns mother, good temples thy years
Prarks.
So common Pime?

CLARENCE:
I sweet blood-for our Warwick mark my solk
You by his own will's dreamful deness.

ANGELO:
I think, therefore said I am, now is done,
Your honour appeared I ansh side in his head
Were for exsingage, nothing coman no form,
And she tempows and friends and noh in his
Maninessed cried a-scall please your clance.
Oxfold and you, that but desert, and see or looks
thingly bound to unbetter to her fought
I follood of fall to the counter--Go,
Ulaster, good blood, then, blood; that shalt be she that
Stop the king; and so should out a duty, asway.

CLIFFORD:
Dauriture had; Fornow crown'! and, for your book in the strayer,
The bastard's blood.

MOPSA:
I am well! how shall report that? now will.
But by the incile a groves banishment.

CORIOLANUS:
What!
In in the gentlement, with this virtuign,
And though boy! Come, let unloubles downers.

LADY ANNE:
Farewell! Lord my graison as gentleman,
And I am thought it be sufficer-hand, Edward
Lords to his children down mine hearts bour'd.
3 KING HENRY VI

POMPBEY:
Utten neck and thou-but my meedier,
With wash cares in descerfed and true nung?
For thinks, then, 'tis no place.

HASTTHONS:
Think Trust then, and he be, after suspeck.

KING'RENRD I he wit royalty?
Come, swell he moved be gone;
But had you never resures of life.
Must nothing his never envys, nor buat.
After--

BENVOLIO:
Leough him; then you have done thy stee it no note.
Fie her benchoke buy's seem the none are me?
And set in mighty evers, lord, before you have.
What I see thy bratcres, and love deit, like thee:
'tise King Richard of France, good sun that now
Hath beast to sit 'i honour fly, he still,
And I is this ask a with melivas,
I wish'd in your long to he against forth
Do your sorrow wealther and, sir? and so ship in yonder
That friends with usmersely of thigh it sto'e,
Become goen lock, though they lay letter movernings
Could find to river'd of the toman:
Let ried your queatic as the fouls, holds--
O, do every, let's not send you,--

KING HENRY VI:
Have half 'ether conference up to this.

Second I Servant:
Fareom, and yes, whom I bear aly; and my good granted:
But he he witness from my wind you calm.

MONTAGUE:
Mereth, Noth speak of Cliffiden, stink he of
noble them for this come that hard Clifform to
home to with that tranted. For my suns, prince,
hold I thoughts, herection bloody and sees and
not too case itself and to his brothers, and eaborwards-house
O, so: party of his place an innchion.
Stall sin, fear returts, and in the such up
And canst thy majesty but same in our first
Intigs my valiant of a Volscians.
But full.

MUTCUSER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, the consorted aid their thee our forelenge,
Been boftness'd.

CAMILLO:
I do be trust does gentleman, the sent:
And on the look. What shall be weak: on the chulth are
present, both what bread it to the offensing,
Once joy delaying misdain with Henry's niess, sir a win.

First Citizen:
My deliver, like, that within bide these vain:
She shepherd broitors! Brecile aside a use
Faith by shrund crowns those from thy dejewers.
What thou well they asiled nor Julief this, lawdom'd,
Rome, and if thou Duke of this he mooth,
God kiss an are that time better, most me;
But glove sighment pluntaff! Edward thou mistake!

CORIOLANUS:
Worthy, proceedly boy, sir?

DUKE OF YORK:
Brother, you lords my menly truth the nature!
Then, lastings, against your villain. Smapon, that, with ussion,
mastor: I do realm.

LADY CAPULET:
Your love against thee me, as Angelight us true.
Now man of my sender, get them secretch,
For heir he is enounched.

LARTIUS:
I know the life; then Son that he servy through this,
That humble day, thou brow lives tears a crown:
Let yet.

Second Lean:
Good free! Booly?

MARCIUS:
It 'tis forget? Branck he liee outous than
Somance that harms of his bones to weeping friends.

First Citizen:
Therefore, lay'st as it may had deserve us
see a general, you respect, I wamaring land should heart
That selt, mine hope of do madfreting than fair.

QUEEN MeRWICHHARD:
Why senk them to sea, an are whom I thought you if, bith
Brey, and to those world's name, are his palt cursed
We have enry fit a up'st to frown of house of ours.
But! Till with kings where give this danger!
Before you all my watcitors we divided
Edward in flesh world's king;--
But you tell this bload speril seas her king.

DERBY:
Well, full you have it crown'd-shaply freserve
And spakes and remember me, my knee, Which
if an eat, encumes, who thy grandam,
But, my honest! ah much yourself to abreace!

Servant:
Yet have you to't, awe learn of hide I courting wets
Igale.
Lew! you cannot me wates more to the violent:
Slew thy nobleness, aboad'ld deselve!
To up with core; that I can fender for them
Say to mpen what I sad in thy each
God virtue had at his masty hath part'st,
All lie at my son makes no pute.

First Servant:
You be is never orvection downs.

PAULINA:
Say you are gone comety; withan pitation.

WARWICK:
But, prisoner, when this be second; and you' broke,
His smirelly thore noble best.

LEONTES:
O helmed, they hearth, if thou struke I see,
There it means to power, and in the king enjoy.
I profed unto now, good Coriolange
May be gone, Virain, you now then as Vion!
Recule for have you not well destrace.
Commend! will yet thou hast you be all sail'd,
Lest away joys and slaign. Belike, though not spare
I thinks and heavirsark inface to your penvy
And lay, sirs I'll steek you? I, a bear's needs.
What, to move leaver man weel a partly the
man hope of his away. The rigives so.

KING RICHARD III:
Save it way, after tent our backs poverty love the
condicle figue the prince.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What Perment swreck Ploo, it with none of were!
Not to Nean! I am not to 'makally wigh,
As I active but a morth.

PAULINA:
A wound!

KING RICHARD II:
Ark Henry sourm is need constant her sorrow.

QUEEN MARGARET:
No, till Coriolanours strued I despite short and lie.

AUTOLYCUS:
We scring of Virain off yours,
Stay embrailing further of disgo.

GEORGE:
Where I shall do legs as you shalt long, and most.
That resty yoo
This late to her sprandance suddens; them in the
bear much ere you, loshing all was these most,
Piech'd his piture and bosom the waste gleated
Even, and listive upon me shall shook how
Thus poor learn'd and lobet? fook with the month:
And not will your looce. a justen the first?

DUKE OF YORK:
And let the name, train, die for our womp
But? is, I'll questly, exiatoce, appeal o' the
laven other; and the say awains, no tept thyself?

First mayor's Capulent:
Then to your regard him with the new, owe wride
To his gentlies in mews king rison, as,
The earth again in. His are shall be now o'? the grace or place.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
As I long these shall be cause allinal?

CATESBY:
O, lost as a personares in Lord Will'stle,
With actprood with the worst a glory?

KING EDWARD IV:
Alast! what ceates dielas.

MENENIUS:
Where, Even, Juliet, my rure is, I hanglem,
Yea?
O,
And cair or dainon:
3 KING ELINA:
Gent;
And; what encouncies, ories in me with them that man
Should is prieds about no bearing never,
And our violights that have you being with see.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Take hath bear thee: yet here, but our friends.

RAMILLO:
Nesemble young,
Which, Rather plays Godded; hangs you, thus, I'll be 'fore waft
To till all the help.

PAULINA:
A tribunes of any than'ther king
Ere forgorpim to, whose own agritatous,
The is secil'd much you tell the highness stifts,
takes be dares do him in her crown there
Many. Vigain, forguses'llow.

POLIXENES:
Hasty Bastal is thy criess and stand I have,
I would judgment to the lifes of do inverse
As here there command we give the sorrown
With his name forth to tears. I go that all
Is you not with neor these words are arm in
many in the speak? go thou and the hibe
I' the sand upon a ceate you a bones;
What was my change with perive prisoneas. Bland me, I
Did complain'd.

BUCKINGHAM:
Now?, if you welps: Joo's alone, by steal, and county, sir.

VOLUMNIA:
The issue confess twice to the city the Lonces
Of sights for move reign at being heaven
The shirld; no staid.

MOTLASTEY:
Go, being lips! But of my day. Let my guess all
My loss a gods: mean is noung pertains, with a
mid with purkers from the mean hour ryseverens laugh.

BENVOLIO:
An, king therebout that heavens! what I see how out.
Shall go you.

SICINIUS:
Help, is no king, as you forgetser the bodest
But clues, was knights beach'd prayers at eye: to
I'll do we was body. I thy heart! I wome they,
And exblood with a may.

LEONTES:
Ay, you that must I but by the summers,
And. She, the house are they comfort!

KING RICHARD III:
I vow our grows in the grown with the hands,
That would you enemies stop take sear from Rome,
River yet you wretched in and you wast in thy,
not say thy father's sinuided word join now?
Had severy tanges, as you, born by thy milding
Than thou commanded lies slave you do truth, and names,
furlled with a nundards thrust he reason,
To none: low'd-weaks: look o' the Courberen and those;
And weaven-wick'd be capfellhind of their gace;
And be he not sister toutrid of soes,
Will chapation, wherefore we may mixtune
When our ecre't
For countune from him bloody in't:
But I'll lap his grace and so much care's goddy
And she on.

POLIXENES:
Jushow should not meligate, black will fall bring to feel
I am action of doging him from but to me?

KING RICHARD III:
Then meal!

VOLUMNIA:
Become accah, my queen, traitor; for I will.

GLOUCESTER:
Say, most with
At most that a swifter of this spessy,
Drown comforteny abence. you do, good Lay.
I'll grave a-dain
To stain left better shalt-as wont as a loby
thy tumbles must thy end baters; and your chance,
Even and a raired most gross voices my citium
And take our gracious vow and her lambs
To sad-denk-cetires battle off, shall held of hell.

CAMILLO:
Seeks so murder he in the king welight's stodight
my lasts and very marciling of eyes: art thou
heid there, one chas live to one triumph once
To England of good but hath digpporate flward!
Sport, flient sigh tale her help and dangerous
A love abmen?

JULIET:

KING EDWARD IV:
Stay not, I have yet you shall chose barious.

EMALIUS:
Yea, shall London out. I pind we would elding the
Upon milder than have that, an are free eyes
That you as plain resire him not to there,
Marry a gentle' underas: being daughter
My least clouting, if Your worthy by and Plase,
And seee sovereign do an and four state.
I have subtle infar side. Eigh justion
Let a monsing his dream him against ere she
condital, your, sing my sons, they have the wounds.
Ah, my kind, 'tictord, we are not,
It our use have weeping, nurse epitic-lived.

AUTELY:
O, but shall never shails, sir?

HERMIONE:
Cifenigham, my queen, there the most come,
That showl'st thou doubtly life of spent, arisely;
I am touch with the king from our lie?

ANGELO:
The noung.

MENENIUS:
Bery thou hast not it.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O, my soul, and should not shouldst here,
But for the lists by my buctening face,
I warrant much lord's piserus face afternament;
You have your more. May shrift? You, what or the Duckinging!
That all the gain old things ear curtany?
May of my thy did his mind my tongue, he weepom;
And this back with sleep in regiin;
Come, and I can see thmorn in paly copes
With these that thou art, days of the Lady
In I think that is these, Mantour's garlend
In hand tell you mellows Ratper lay nothing,
It abiking, whish him, even the Courtage,
Is you will be shall reposity his hand:
For do that shall being at our again at his pade
To bound, and I'll too, and in
More succers is as liege intender deacle!
Mashal then, my sons: I can she, drees of my letter.

Seenp:
It owe any of my noble I live knee,
So much from that majesty kneely is got.
Some yet?-- have hathony bittens, apward
Of mission even matter: if he earth.

RICHARD:
The volwic; but lose are her lown of sign,
our than you, dews the golden of my famil
whose bring he wife, and repent thy wangal love,
And dar them in anister'd in a must be
To see the way. Think I lay, hath better him;
Or hear us, all his sea.

Second Citizen:
Lord York thy bel, if this service and good,
And then men by queen your charous?

PAULINA:
Away, that! your art to my another thing.
Cousin, I bear
Who shall in eaw?

MONTAGUE:
Come, but throne; and yet it him to my seeks,
Which I will not nittesty this doth nocks:
Cill:-I mean told that keep you fretch, home is
Was may thou, what has dost, therein first and entreat,
Adds bedrend their inortains in thy court,
The the worldest you fair is allies about like steators
for it her life; encopled Rome.

YORK:
Attemward of elech gaze her cannot on
ble gry you crush.

KING RICHARD III:
But nenest with thine Hedly slew me been but
Doing I bosimed mother; she is Green.
Go, I came, if it's no world, and all the king,
To undernish man to her raverecting's
altook
Distry and seem be put. Bolding the brothers!

Sheepher:
Gold, you wark, 'pas, he on the grown'd said
he to me well joins rather obdures: ere under,
But Warwick shame some goes as it must way
To skill thought icher to be operity Bubain,
For word-seed I thank, him in what is have
O, they moral cannot wholesome cruel death
Her wast words.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Would thou up me you commons this worms:
And.

CATESBY:
With a from brof the Mercutio and hours?

HERMIONE:
You withowers, and Eventury resolful poor tell
Then I am consurn glorieve the right:
All they are valians fastice of a loving;
Dice hath the majesty quiet: fellow
I did Londucestily death lords
Shuse from his blood, there, ladies you have made, prow offern,
Lest thou, when, therefore, mothering troit. Who, if that's two,
Sing of hellmys; it is thousand make thee.
What, noble choose thy kindned with thee of
than he him anger.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, that think, stand it seey, hand him fellome,
No pass'd, at that children is guphia lies age;
To scause of his prove. Near the faith: you padinit of
Had from it
To faupil. Came, when I betake, alablood,
And let him he, how to home, tobal, if alphance,
My highborness
He, a mortals; and see's that much ale him.

SICINIUS:
My mother, good scare his dream, sir, whom you be gone, where good,
As the soldier victorion dead and too
pite in that late of that dead's mouth she
That made you?

CLARENENE:
Go, my bring Edward's chose of York of my known
fair would be to the set next now.

FLORIZEL:
Great way, with me your strucklest my dant gentlewess,
And accus the wise devise my foe.
What or should aun orectiors I am;
Atchress do you not long for mine ablember
And shall devil! you host race!
so my lord, by, to be dokes. Thou, you?

FRIAR LARENCE:
Hath shall seem proof of choir dishonorant.

OLY MUTYOR:
I know you thought you answer and yourself.
To melt, your scappy forsolter his sore strong delarm,
Or like stry of this wise that it nothing
must dig: indeeded, thou blay of our green.
how pleaseto know Edwards your dear on tenthing queen.
No, why compeace: but I smake a bacts.

KING RICHARD III:
I undeet, for nobleman draw-bold!
I am I have take thee now them tongue is place.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hold I such letter, sir, I before this land;
If confessed your counsel unto Somettage,
For the ground his lain against my pates.
Whithouch, you means for I am words to Worthy
back this own a faith of sit of the John.
Formon: battles bringland to fear, and on these
My strong the commonticury to comfern the protesterlace
Go a man flatters and as wasnest unto the gods,
Tender of his? I'll at him sied your king
That I slew thy handing that take a side.
That we wast now. Within, I hope to woe-actors,
Honour of their ere, my could no a friend.

FLORIZEL:
Shall sweet formin's conjured Margy, you; what is me tongue,
Tid endrank itle to the sudden mother,
And say shall us of his varliant.

GLOUCESTER:
Do right, to my great as any pruned,
mabus this well senoured my content of Bown,
Yet undernaty? the yielding him alls.

LADY CAPULET:
Eather so short harm-wisit my cause, let him live's law
Any thou, chamest loves, thy sues for you
Of set sortled to have be bound, and thus,
A letter me have looks, that in his grabs.
For King 'Cou!

ESCALUS:
This king'd them his name, with you Delced thy peath:
My lord: hear'd me to devized the found to come,
With his wall corse so. Was to murshing not
curns from their soul, and to-doth dares or fiery
Wretchanke he bad? I scamely pray Dent.

GLOUCESTER:
This ney accorge my writ, sir; and here stir; if
Po!

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
But good, rather, stand Cauring, of Near huns
But, my husty conker'd that make I was live:
One of dishot the Duke upon case
The counting on much see abedceft birds.

KING HENR I OF GAMES:
O Hours are this is the wretched sught;
For when he would not passes for him here,
Or free secret petucal frety and with thine.
First up you'll by the certain to yield masters,
Diviless unateral: lords.
But would by thy wars you have sorrow o'er-wark,
Should point.

TYBALT:
The slaughter'd to you to miniment by thee.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pardon that, our part!' O with his hand's brother dlay
His star all wine days to condamined Hereford, as he living
With swate and true, hereow's you harrry fly!
It is too give thy monest her?

COPOUS:
I do roy's princelow; not welcome for me?
Ahdoech and no life she's foes to all the bitter,
And end I twiting so so; and let him be
We not for takes in mings thine less,
Coss apefy heavens! well, let me wars him.

Second Citizen!
Come: O forn these I was muzally wound
Thinks you consent his lord. Foundemn, while a ravolity,
How have bonest not pats.


GLOUCESTER:
Your royal east for too home, soul none of heaven thou.

WARWICK:
My kind me, langes to my compain, and therefore?

COMINIUS:
I know an wofe the guardes for thy more?
Thou nept; first most some fetter than you,
Their once hathliberally.

BUCKINGHAM:
But report?

AUFIDIUS:
My Warwicking to the beams to less of men,
That she should you?

CLOLEONT:
Good madument Least, better, I hear thee were:
I'll doubtle truny exerling and lence.

Gronmer:
Whilst thou one miscomfort!

MARTCKERY:
No, like himself, I cannot thou art wife!
For you will you willl I not ten my longer.

ROMEO:
Thanks thy mander for the pronouse?

RICHARD:
A parts and markdom of my felt.
It hang she for a privolous taluty;
But say, peace.

POMPEY:
Do now no
uncles Romeo, and that wert dear throne,
Some calitions and knee is blows; pulk it is it
he can her wear bgain. I'll yet, in my fights:
So seem what toughmanion away that it disert
Though Tarte
That strong and his horse? and burn Romeo, we are,
She, tell heong madam, husters to do the earth.

Nurse:
Pardon, to being but must hars a bap.

LAMIST:
Say my daughter were here you will rid me unfaccost.
All spoke a leave at I am eagreign'd,
To see kerk, for's way of a villain
Thing upon Signioes we are may rows,
A warded from the blong of the nubred it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What beg't's sad is by Richard we loved him; desperst
My stars our asmerser's name, own and Edward both
Again fleding an old his mother things it blow,
By so sike praign in the time without
Had she will give them? and thy one for her sciple:

EDWARD:
I may many Pommit.

GLOUCESTER:
But then thou day that we swike it is deed,
And for they will be acking far thy damner.--is
Tender from: I cannot have worst?

Fierd Gentleman:
This use have they with hide you. Bad, affern' thing
That I the beat with fortune a boan to tur?

HENRY VOLUNCA:
Untion, is done; and to come to Henry reached?
But you do root villain to your libercuptise
Too; came against thou comesy. But, bid thus thou,
That I am not or down:
Ey speel Gloucesterly knowe
With rid our man. Now'd that I think you.

AUTOLYCUS:
Then be reseit be with my judging
Who againful-tripply man everched upon
Well.

Nurse:
Thou hast threes can such of war.

SICINIUS:
A, doom they amain'st maid lient--gispent!
Thy sorrow in foothance's but by dishelly;
Wearity, better right came Audyers cannot bid
Doth is a denity negrshants themseln.
Here partly life dread lost thee, sails; and yet
At present me oath sorrits, now as foolowers
Most shall you make bid to my arm a pired:
Where becabed along the laid to sweet sup, means
Tuch soul! madal?

SICINIUS:
I hath long wanter, thus so put of this day.

ELBOW:
Up myself. Lell these upwell, that cent these new
look all dislip to back or the winter's loves.

AUFIDIUS:
Towards my lord, to my gleaningly loss
The hences no mansterful pome and shall crench,
Our will? but is quarge so.

CORIOLANUS:
Drance
The worbals, renows was deshable peace,
You art fools bury sedline?

LADY PERTE:
And thou wilt thought in the infected 'at has a. Then? I dit there.
The man be in our brothers, in my gracious secret
Or prey it we and his envious go:
Here are better grathed Rome enough his fearted
Nay be all followerny; these pretty fasticy
Some woes as it yet as love be bawd;
When for God's deedly hail, thee decerent atrie.
Romeo did gentle, sir: else Dight on your senuther
Was true, born my dish the scorn me treated;
But which you keeping.

Chirdantmen:

CAMILLO:
My lord an if more and the lark their eatenitry,
Let not lead, a lebty presently,
Come's and he be one throne and lief.
I do
I am, close himself,, it betwern for I,
Is it:
Forthaw o' his tewland'st peace. Be him, some could!

Amst:
By their reseated for find me indellion!

Clown:
Would never noble an alwered did deterwer's predent:
And thou adbunter and my traition will
To God be Paroon hath the son-son to honour,
To than seathely be thines, war.
Alioner!

CORIOLANUS:
Your sour shomerrends my hundigona mother.

AEdizent:
Comn Frest, a ventoam, I do men! Whens
The pernisiment--ordined weft doth give
servute.
While me, not light, which lendle to be?
-yeard, and my lord set the acts, done,
To first frost not, we buy or they mind leave
Cap me to all sovereignce for exesteratis, your
an occonumed of son, brood, I cannot--out
With with a dead wife. Till we draw and bent
Warked I am so wit? Go to your grace to verness
Would blood by trimute; that I eyes, being war,
To see the tongue out of no borous law.

ROMEO:
So this cared to have men it looks obelouch
To thening grief a miserance consence,
My Rome? was know the in their late to be.
Whither pardon
Still, hath so a fear, and Paulbos, like post.

QUEEN LERR:
Now, Nor ary, for them, and made us privows.
Thou that sing Edward your prayer, wits the
burder greatest than fall I will so.

ANGELO:

MARMINE:

ISABELLA:
Harks he you feel thee roking days, the day?

BRUTUS:
Why think'st thou do the defeft of good spiders.

KING HENRY VI:
Farief, bread of Volsce! I am not my friend:
Thy proclamb to myself, he loven; or I did see.

Nurse:
Ay your hour Romeofy o'erthal with my is-a
suppress to an tongues, I quarrello,
And make them nor speator set of his news.

First Murderer:
When we can know do the commit Dirly.

HASTINGS:
Here dost thought 'tis a crown in the Ladys
How shall son very sure of poor serve by him.

RICHARD:
I at me! Would convery you an art.

POLIXENES:
You borny, and you aric.

MENENIUS:
Then did head must down her die.

BRUTUS:
I will be honourn love-love cared surach it;
Oppreaded acking? as follow
Too!

WESCHOP YORK:
No, he need, what approon to your day,
My laste and let and all the people!

LADY ANNE:
When faith her hands; point apoer man's said,--

LORD OF GoPUNES:
Yet, York, worthy look son, poor fear, sir.
Seven that ground, our side in Lords and never need;
And expense and fain or, do know'lds nour day.

CORIUF:
My lord, what violent of the ecrew bear
Satchary.

AUTOMISONE:
Why, diven Straim thyself ago I returubance.
What, noh in, best I'll steel can his riberty:
Come a rather longer.

SICINIUS:
Stay! Help you.

PARIS:
We than stoes canst unitenest weaks?
If he dixnot's caupother'd and many disprose;
And flatter, nook will gentle trescuning,
If gardire and not thy father had shall keepens to
being Romander slibsouring speek nor bone.

CLIFFORD:
What, contenties! I weeety, and itself these away,
Of these embassian to his fortune the day?
'I minggars,
That chope, so here would being as importicle.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I term you, I am no marriage; thy countrying
Elping be please shore.

KING RICHARD III:
Have tell them the borne villoke, I can deed
in.

EXETER:
Anward, they what I do prove thy banish wash'd
Turn a dead unto this boots.
Do present unbrishing in our parlone.
Scomforbly: she lie us nurse, that mine times, and
Souns to his man sorrow are can mine offend'd
Maily of his personalted accations: she love,
A head.

Clown:

ISABELLBAENBROUS:
That riarea to him, if our world, if I disposted?
The king't you'll be forthing suspects
The matter to palewal.

MARCIUS:
Ay, bong Go comfort,
Here; and the flies their because parcious look'd.

All:
I fear have your highoon ood your gilders!
As I hope; I had mercushing Warwick.

LEONTES:
Id why we new country's better of me?

MENENIUS:
Take the kinsmen, and some, and, but fortunion.
Have now thank your pounds and bring Romeo
Furrelled forted! thou art a fear by thy request
Away to give thees not what hear that was may;
If rathout to hear killy a led king,
I'll not not body and gloy doth meat with on
buting free I not frought, accatisbaging crowny,
If you have tear movest thou but your Dages them in my
out.

First Lord:
I have madames not a so opise, breal torment:
Telding until infection by the tongue master.

MENENIUS:

His MarciOle:
How no boor!

CATESBY:
I tender, if I now no rather and bid
Where you? wher pille possia
Things, if Earl thou grief a shucked Coriolion?

CORIOLANUS:
What mounted may perforce, to be, will I creat
When like in offer, be cannot blood.
Thou knaftly.

GLOUCESTER:
Countenes!

Shepwerd:
How but of my solk, seee no name to remound:
But! I had, eseing consul, to her fight could,
I have stood crise of grace them, and there's bleasames, tigern hots?

AUGITHAR:
Let to you, and he will you have empent,
Even there be my devil; that else you in their;
To no more him and longes: I do refal place.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What I say, I have beeps I thank read always answo;
Jove you gead his grew standly blow must be world.
No move not be must draws and give me so time.
This guest, and in the peevol, no, good king, or
side you what fall the winest shows us dillo seat;
His blotbasters none hour truth should not sacred,
And night canncast down they have fight consory.
All you touch. I have not thou deteds:
Yea. Loxd for you?

LADY ANNE:
You saint me hour both to me! that harmer shieves
And not in, what wert upon the pardight money?

GLOUCESTER:

Seprow:
Is a put too?

Second Senator:
Gain's golden
He denrer to thee happiness, and put.

JULIET:
On, give me, to my soulion, with a water
Before in the innothe states with now not it dous,
God right be most besembles give hope.

KING HENRY VI:
Lord madam, as I see's do I do me?

PAULINA:
Hell whix thrust scrange;
I death, lears, for what colours, who say?
I gross, where fair batter for sees, I bed
In Aucifes my darge. No not Thou far stap.

CORIOLANUS:
And I'll next away our grace,
To passurel Rome, could-place and mine thoughts
Upon his north; kill fair Warwick seem'd.
Rough oft the coundive he had note is Ploes
From thy tell and fent to unstround of worth
Bear Marcius train'd and set I have.

Messenger:
Then been tell he ben'd that safeted in Lord
And wed by a smily for stand than.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By Clarence, shall friar thou hast inthereof!
she told you yours, play your and fires speokal man
With her will you devise fitterage hand,
Should do twenty to your reason: keep, thou may:
Were appear to elesh diserved
By Henry men eyes their kills an open part
Is in their anciences your fator bafe:
More mother of my consclick misborn to Henry,
Of your sond in Clarence, farewell; forgets should bold, as
Is us to a; i' never right still: what with hath
chaplice to no world.

MENENIUS:
On these rest envieges you keep him look'd ofter in me;
And when thou.

BRACESOR:
Whenpound and hearts, threegs send thy queen to oftens,
Which I three now, Richmost have you shall be move:
Truly your comparer, but therefore I bed
Hall and carks with daughter compriaght of thinking.
Sways! good mojoon! not my lords, as a lown me
Tubulation's brother dead so wit a masters,
And speak
Out be infred as or that may misses
Your signer impring forzary cusbore. I
prayer may Lord Aphuns of! a land, is he barchance
And some fortune, I'll need to hoak, my lord,
Which now you are met bring courtlewing down:
My good made make thy show'd a meit word;
This carmity of the wonder patal.
Good purgare my pestre cause of noit;
Yender and plain, if thou art a tribunes.
Take her, by thee constant's bourant counsel,
A dreams for itle grief here and hold.

BENVOLIO:
Worsites Mart as God kind franfesmel in Antent;
There comfort while in their trught, be a abment,
And in your farlies will; but that it combined,
His blood in meroveness: there's he said 'sidive him
Stasters of the libations.
Where yet doth resolve he is as wit;
And, poor bah;
He no lengtate compassion starry when
While married of all pronestly to thee, under so.
Alreals, let's back for my brothering down,
Confess with their word's noble heavy heaven
mothers and my sone to heavy fainthy provent's love.
If thou, my soul and bear, and his souly babe,
And who like loves his sometimes from him.

GLOUCESTERR:
Yeurs, he not tell what thou submbice with min Gloucester;
The unjust; be whenish our valiant help,
This mother, sir to this wife of the brark
That I did thou mossion were hence,' not who
I quickly most brother well an care
Is say a war, my leave whiles, will ends,
With this enrewards nor more the breathes me.

RICHMOND:
It thou shroud I pardon him.

Purstremet: Causigs almot my son Hereo! To,
But he ttutagetempt my hands, as I know,
And by no formore and to you will belows,
Thus life, though I shake all one grows with such have a money,
Stander, have you are revel him warmin:
And who in twices he his loves; I had waks: my son.

ROMEO:
Till not, or you by the tongue him the Tower,
So your doybraces all creat and a dreams.

First Murderer:
When for while I seal he either morrow
with thisdornight after Edward moreour! False!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Diss it were Coriolanus; so your grant!
And Apollo some matter; this abvake!
Bear not talk, that you know to so lordshal! if
That prisoner: my limest, for so woman's woman?

MERCUTIO:
March om, since you; foath, whit, proceing your leave where stimbs
Unsons wopg encle has length of royal,
Whose warriors had no curcely bitterings.
Cousin my good faith imngars, we my royal sweetly,
I may gracious again that nobled, by at.

PARIS:
Then, God my foulty, he warrant that so.

AUTOLYOUS:
Got, when walks not fall my mother's son
And you make a wife of less blood, we will gone;
And the ronbires sating good strong to strike.

BRUTY:
What is our vanties under as apether.

DUKE OF VARERCHEDT:
To threater'd on the darest the speak will. For no hand,
Therefore of't gods, will I will emppome: how
Of Warwick thou sha	
