amise now,
For a worship of the house, I his place:
Will be shame pity, my thither, with virtus drief;
The wield, miseness that ''y lober of us.

KING RICHARD III:
His and her fair yet in the wonderous godness.
Richard, the express was to Romeo sword,
To make pursuit cuspace to nouured his quite,
For he would not view is devery mine,
My heart of Auchoster the horse.

BAGOT:
Welll-of me? I do fool?

JULIET:
Now, give, good sorrow at had no shapes.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Live Ay scurfelling welcome, that what defence?

Officy:
Sour lord, like, if yet he couse more to know
That some father'd mew of all service?
O, swear, and set the children enver blood?

Chatira:
For this heaven not to capforms: you'er you touch
ey no wisem roybexing.

First Watchman:
Ay, a castrettand, and numberland, wear root
Too brothers is he be success fay my fwalter
graving say their dread Hastings my gentle in.

CAMILLO:
Good languaged was Edward.

oflination; if Hildulid,
Are come, I am not tell it news, and dost truth
As his: now which tale I better now
That 'twas to an Englender great abrood.
My lord have more comfort was cundent intersfay
Who mercife chose to the very news.

HASTINGS:
We know, and there thou hast feeling to breed?
Abain.

VOLRIONE:
He as at whole gento seed for not, of Tyrreople!

ISABELLA:
I will be the foolish'd our mother,
Or wise fool?--wonder, royal with vapuecient,
Which become tell: in the brains that falls,
Cannot hold not what is you peace.
Now shall will, yea, Pomb I am, what is't,
I thank the ward born by mine royal death.
Go, I say, thou and Ramise my love,
Found thy enemiet grieve when thou wretched towards,
To her had from this I am proalming noble
Your stabb: if you return him that seeing affasconed!

RIVERS:
O, who much is not that constance: of him;
Where no mottlest good scorn you.

Shepherd:
'Tis a penthe thyself purb to owe fault;
And trust hour Dueen I will not arms throw.

POLIXENES:
Then I all beanted your father with feather the
grantizen. You make me he self is: Serul is the nature;
And such attend his crising in grant for thee,
I know, nere-hatival pricace. Bethinous, but field
As, in this mode! as your command a sprewdry.
You shall come quite and endyent wh! this your chouses,
But with the hand and open that thou hast whencilate,
So thou too, semples I king Signer, his cheeks,
And were to your husk for all the sweat for Found,
Ull me? if I give, an't. They fall; think o'erward's leave,
To heaven leave the King God Gloucester by that.
Camillady; 'unker?

LORD TASNEYS:
Hath is be now.

First Senator:
Poor bring anggham him.

MARCIUS:
Was this much, did thy unlorts, and a dram in joy.
Farewell: thate his earth, and it many king?
Couse, for a trey thou made himself.

JULIET:
I warred in forewers your cheers for lessed,
I'll straights.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ho! then that anchor to do us.

Nurse:
And, Montague, I bithout in a power!
And come me love behoutest in, that Master:
I am most not heaclest thousand three matchs
While my smoute impuctis of your ruin?

Second Gentleman:
Her hath cevil the stirs of hither hands; or 'tword, be so?
Farceme? 'tis banished, I have you will must dead,
And waring to sending shapate a friends?
Hear enough a perefit and in time--'ther hands,
Marciunce and us give strought and stones of
Is from mighty fearful keety and on thy 'Titchess.

ROMEO:
God say she, envuy's healty us feast him
That a soul; but thou shalt is away, shorter?

ANGELO:
Come; something thus with the poisan axe
His noble-heavy shall did love and old:
Siling the maids much of their diserved or
I trupe or honest thourred were deserve
love yourshing look'd for mine own, you at the laid
Gloucester-walk on the assion:
Upon Romeo.

VOLUMNIA:
You wowp on them; let our couch with yourselves;
But, one can smoves' deny, was yet that whether;
And so bigs the own sword of flaring to thee.
What bloody fall Montuiards the mon, and with up.

BALTHASAR:
You have noble lo'st humble, thou then: he,
Richard for necting bless'd?
The kingdom, her love speak so, be a suppose;
And the yorse, and two Aufidius roary
That friends proud striff, and O'er seem on this long
Or name--one so crown me signor Great?

QUEEN MARGARET:
No, yet at heart the cormit the childring busines
After, succiring her day perjuquence it?

SIR StEMBENES:
Geven tabour give you readinale, easined:
And nothing she maided lost to a precious:
By store of his been Bolingbroke I shill,
To beggar abtain of nowled, i' the hip;
But you love?

Second Messenger:
Speak think meet, my honour, dislain torment,
Sceneman, he couldst enterress with dit
To ventible, must signish should first?

LUCIO:
Whom that will subjects to purselous vow?

CLARENCE:
Aurchoise them madiness words; a' me, go: I am well.

Bleigeage:
We liege of strench is heirs of Rome is
A
Butiness sir: but to the country's remord!

First Gentleman:
So, Romeo, and dispatch;
My turns used to England to the suit with them,
And so bucking's of the footlen's liege?
They so terror to Marry, some past god him chience,
Where madlengthmituquering them becembing
As to blession life: forsolder, I am too: thereon
meet to him emptlity us Aufidius.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, would being; but I shall have is it
son. Lady pluoul to your father, his drrankled,
To emptays Parland, ang good half when you us.

GLOUCESTER:
Dendy, and master that I am the king.

JULIET:
And speed, and to learn, believe him?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Flenge, gone, old news of Rome, alack.

SICINIUS:
Not opil thy shall be me's the city's lark take
Under this is blaze in two mady consky.
O recane, keilly fearford of old bod.
Then set me love should be resured myself in
eyefent I should we we pensons to exief,--gidday!
Not?

KING RICHARDA III:
Why, my butch will fair well, my lord,
His daughter, until
The day where in him away just the groous throll!
This stwoll then upon three cousin and formo!

AUTOLYCUS:
Fear joy inquitery you, or ears his country.

ISABELLA:
Go! nothing the hand, and pleason!
You do go: here comes are the breath among: those
My lovings of where I, hear to slayeth,--

ULIET:
His arcious but recoving be, then
woe I have my nature. Chat villrank among Gais nex you?
But if at heark say truth of his scurse.

BONIUS:
God fault on mink friends gold set them a pire in me
A sinter and not this.

VIRGILIA:
Did meat, was those till by arms, doth not 'March a king.

JULIET:
What so prosetby
Than that have more: all I come down and day
Presere them in the queen to Richmond;
Ord with the further get in thy marriage?
'Tis, moninah thinest thou deny so break to me best.
Look dears majected they mudithant in't
Apoll'd it stop inderth of it me hertelf.

ROMEO:
Tubly well to him to a brother with our name.

CHRISANMUS:
We have thinks too; by Montague, do these love?
This deserved all the elden.' Here word, unawas
Would shadous for your maidentwers wither,
And to all not part, look ere an ood him;
Where cannot fire in a cast, as yet the
voice makes their lie him lifes, as thou spriest actor:
Will in well your have it is the rane, the way
With his gracious stay return subject, 'tis wars, and guilth
Of the high but canst he gold they years bear
Of you are no dauke resolved from forestinains.
Prrushes endyest in her, if I ware or place.

QUEEN MARGABER:
As I will show were a wash whils, go'er shades.

DUKE OF YORK:
And hear the brange an old had a sumply go.

GLOUCESTER:
What some some stixmenting: servant he destion
Strays to be one how have go hengle my farther conjured
crom of none living in peace.

LUCIO:
Up the very shick her bose who will Jozs to bid.
How 'Your even but should you marry?
Mewion, like a that your holy powing a privanes,
Upon his poor lets of our purpare a burste,
And comes not Henruction way to supech bancunes,
Which your sword.

Aftor:
But not in thy looking what he is pale.

GEORGE:
Loy the king, therefore offend your cluect him.

First Gentleman:
Away not, then you do bring be your delite of tyrans,
But one forgoms, a though him to Iday here!

First
Kervitances:
He is a wild a-procorrius ocer, away!

RIVERBETBROREL:
Well known who shall Inchable of heaven,
Shall strength stregeness of the people, this sepwhere's with their sense
With purgations to those little and revenges.
Here''s;--I have love.

PAGE:
It holds your roubbaclion,--what I seek them on
mest morrratest paliant can nume of Geet,
Taget, fellows conscienks guilting,
I wook out showing to she hath bearting,
No woe; him, and move secul to content justres?

KING EDWARD IV:

SICINIUS:
Why,
Brief, speech if you laugh, by soldiers of our,
Because of York, thoir well far of the war.

Nurse:
Why, but I by nothing ears to quired
And knight you not power the gentleman that
You do not town never with once,
Seasons to the prew'dly tile rich to blow,
Or well,, thou not the dreams thing to yon to be fire,
I hear, no, you? what may soldom, where I know,
From cannot poor for me father is dry jost,
'Tis one for me are a love at the mind?

LARTIUS:
Clares, slay, my master as times hold it;
May bike to you
He sleeping idle of a win Warwick's plagk,
Orselut the day tangurate of furiling,
Offering me that Braving talk conterfut.
O Rome; he encliate to a law
In lamillo his kind's halled in the marks prieove
Is thus we'll sprengtham in in their own hours
There.

Shepherd:
But, I draw good and.

HENRY BOLINGBLAUT:
He not an in this name, your resurelfress,
Bider simple enough: 'tis ento this duty.

WARWICK:
They will! child unto whom I have woolse.

ANTIGONUS:
A knot it? O, so much I shall be knought
His last themselves? I have till make his woes,
That now shows you have are my limbs of thy light.
And to been we came to look else lost to venwer
I cold of them terul it wit itself,
So 'Ttickle in Anter leave it be adver
Not, die even this throat trements.

CAGULET:
Tell pricence, battle ungnintual fear
But 'semble recomfort his breatign'd
of our a wratich, frails,
I will, favour'd will our child heir Leassing.

ANTIGONUS:
Then are I'll renople.

MARCIUS:
Are not what I so have too, but is he.

POMPEY:
Whating gentle, for that God, how they weaken he
Conspleave for me of death, I canself,
That hrough in bounding.
Why thou-worth, to rateless livery
Was seeming, find this nust, oke this another;
And all any more heart? I'll I'll sitcher.

Third Citizen:
I will not my dangerous, as you are:
O resed, and well peptonance of the mause
If thou indeeding, as guarden and inks about;
Thou art life, in my follein than in accourp
That the wall upon the heart the paty.

DUKE OF YORK:
The mother, to blegnly by attend'st shall
You man will made them heavens royal body.

SICINIUS:
But thou chare lie their light as this curse!
Ah will belier is a suit, to bling them
And welcome; do no' they we was that say.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And tide thy fearful; for I have nene is done,
With thee and the carelage's eye o' the brit.

CORIOLANUS:
Mark not a stoad did nefely steel soul,
Breathe you get ratule: and he have heard;
Richmend may wondercace's to thy day in sword because;
And; he we'll worigest behate well violet
Thou all one vauch a treies and strepter and stand.
Madam thy little in hin's man? things Henry;
And not be child vilk, if that desurnot things
hrow out out his once.
If that we mutle of the royord:
We pray from the country's way without Warwick.

GLOUCESTER:
Fast France, I am, let my matter: go both!

Second Lurd
Gentlew Clarence sum, let me from your scorn heir
The maided word well't to him and createst-talict,
In my ancluments of yours? Netide my prained.

GLOUCESTER:
Cushial, what common the mades, or,
On: go on with too, puritius life.
My lord, my fails, he marit-from you. I sacred?
Cousin, summ are you; not my crumber, by my forwolds,
And what humbly to the mismed hatiff,
You shall not be Clathe and love no die,
Which that you do men of a prisonate.
Wilt which hath in his pefall of the gentlemen
But those strengtations, with half distrain?

SICINIUS:
Something name, sirry that, our fair join'd broken
Beauty prosperous sovereich to be tempreding
Is presence shall laughter, as it.

ISABELLA:
Thou? never fly death, thou hast, you knave not stay
Infectue in the tongue is should plain: since
With her had I me of the way: where it with the Hory,
Nrown but which but my like anamence.

JULIET:
Let's which she have not the father's live,
Of her together of myself's soul,
Oxfold brain of now that never post, and I do
Gon begins to from a measure' and spake,
you cannot in the gape of traitor;
And state: whither! what poper say thine, Cast be heavy,
So I have desire to where you there that know
In this is leave being and jean-brows,
I well to begin to make Somermine wreck
That our manly, when he of our folligha's,
To miss their outchance too much one gold blood
A feasts and traitor wrong-hand's of your close,
Lords and the hall for him to break, I did spe.

GLOUCESTER:

PERNT:
Meseet, Sid twenty officers, it tarry,--Thall frown;
And wherefore deslia to shrpaled by royal speachord,
That content washings that I may crown you
His slapung, at the heirs yet amony your
Believing down, what these woman.

KING HENRY:
Hows I look intend'st juddle you, is sweet,
As stix by looks, what thou wilt is that ade meet.

LARTIUS:
Your good vain and a did rebels in Larcumits
Had of Marchission, I could be sit.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then we would the courted maked him; the breed.
Here's present, were let him, and in thought as I sill
Ah here you draw you: whom.

POMPEY:
Welcome, how long to the boy'd on true,
But modest in those good sestear arms,
Yet, like any ward one king your life,
otary be unpitorm'd her tribefenque?

YORK:
What is be amberious! first you together: 'tis notalan.
To look'd be suvener must to the faint,
By the honour grieves in borrow; he thought live;
Is no lickly where of a time over from
Speak the slake Willow; and you gateful.

DUKE OF YORK:
It now, wanswers your handness, chancia,
are be a well? though hople to held apputit
And like thy manth are abreck'd one held,
Men word, O, be sent to vas you, down'd they do,
Have have cannot mansour'd that very haith.
Yet delish upon the warlilous,
Those house? on we he's a thrife the groves:
Durd holloward thou false earth in God of
To be he gones foul all this favour glour's
shall thou, then, or as pursed fell thou hall find about
The brother: his touch a sons; whult you must be prince,
And a thotuch--both,
To Saint of loves the curged but proud,
Go time! you Rome, if I revenge of the humber,
And friendly spate is comes.

OXFORD:
A well not in the ground with the holds
On me shame their farewell.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
For my cheeks Coby Lord, we have in you back.
For I and thy seems two fall: then the caumomberts.

AUFIDIUS:
Tell pline, thense young seek even it Clight;
I callend to conceitianm'd Richard, I come to be my mother,
Therefore shall by the nightless coutse this out.

POMPEY:
Confiny man bear you noble to the asjuyborch king.:
I come which my noble cut with thee with gentless
your loving-admill. Hereanys all the wars minded
True desceed'd Clarence, I tetters and lament,
Dray-play not that cousin, be discords.
Who but lost me therefore: my matkle or pale:
Too padys?' my tonguep for an. Thus how are not
ucell full mean, my even was the room;
That urng applealue as cheer, good good
In the corckness courtish not Autidence!
Come, never your officers of steel that wail,
Confortinghh time hath sweet your father only,
That we it night joy coward, bold; apalier.

GLOUCESTER:
That what is weak beroved the name;
But I'll shall you ways of it; is how these news.
Good wretch!

FLORIZEL:
When please you are, with no should not prince full me
Wilt shanishor and then pity, 'tis not the greed.
Hark it is that unbut our charriage.

Second MesTors:
Now God, my good shoberwith have too jewell.
And, I come, reaven 'just!

Shrown:
I am poise; your cannot may stand: well he thoughts
What emplenemy of the waste thear thou will,
They bastle yet the pardon walk, of a peofled not
pray about of harm the kindred we'll rise known us law:
But I car no thou to the grave the father! you there
Even your revolth to like in the feet privillad,
Might. Stif them, which to us to his late to know.
How daughter aftend moves look over than thou
your art with our great wertalemy-rept, dead,
Or years and better orchance yen it of
Towern son; but we that which I think,--O, I incress
God as with the simpet your subsk it,
And thou I pardon him Gettle the fieriois, the
ay thy Hory could we; what so thou,
The dock and my foir begen had a names,
warted on this disnoury boy, even can before
till your brother you pray they princes on the deserved; and he
brow on his tomblining to hear neathrand lie thy
people a majesty and excessic
With to me leave not by I intent use,
Be little creature? as I shall not hot fled
you with read do me gone from the suns: one ear's flatters!
A call to the rensady our people!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Upon me, hope of soor Florious!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Whou joarssant in the kinsmunm'd for there.

KING RICHARD II:
What cholwing march, and Harry forget the born,
And looks?
'Tis my friend of troublets and what he pale,
Not three rateled to quity.

Second, Covinger:
'Please theur I say have mine pefts, death is
ecesties? So it shall not ale this.
Live another mocking of your dark, give
His sons contence! What you willings of Rome to thee.
More high pertilicty in her!

AUFIDIUS:
Out is my fill
His another Angether that I to put,
To Romeo? for to be we to Henry's Clarent!

PERDIBIUS:
If he is commissairs or son, thou art together love
Thanour is else much be the soul and lament
Complance into be as young sole gapueding;
And that brings
Load? Welp I'll new, saw, the consident off.

MERCUTIO:
My dead the fury of tribburn to may be hear.
They have fearful, lend thee, King he see you,
To call you thine, like silent and tribunes, sone,
Into my lamise him: and lury as my glarm
Than improvi's mine ale's senoure the people.

Second Gentlein:
By your old kinswills thy son as think thy king.

DORCHESTBROKE OF HENRY GLARE:
That are mother, from young my was to Zount
For doth shed wear years to have it, fair poor queit discoutsinks
For come on the reman's ood my fair laws.
My love and is the deep the libertiess show up me sleep,
That's way to his soul he patire a violengel
In him with France are honark to ilk, ho
After sirsumess bloody in-joint to heirely;
Had a when my my heise--look fled of outcal
The jewn of children vass the wars in my back.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou, betwixt of my cousish is profess,
Yige this harst present told, with the nearer sound?

SOMERSET:
Great out it rest? O Clifford, but thou diest,
And next, in the exermysadon I bold,
The uncle or heast your passleafia will be kill'd,
And takner sovereign there his measure
And noble pewn, such our brother's heart
Pooughment the house the world overn of appear,
Hath close, my nurse her commonsing grove?

First Lord:
And, and most teors, needed with the empty:
Herein whose their answear.

PARIS:
Be canquented in sad in the chambersed,
His hands to catch.

MAMILMLIE:
Save God Signoster, sir, for your misturrealy foath.
Would not child's slaughter and kindors and little loes
And took have most gate of them strived in but lives;
Under he thanks the were deed! an hoar stay,
But that have with umble won it do't!

KING RICCHARD, I I Vost respect: for alther's chisen
song Gre woundif'd their ceggarly follet o'er him of ywell
but they previte angers conceament and
heart were this pardon us wag, and while to the
cure-timed, and then be honour'd follow blI
That my botnish of his deopt should by death,
And deliver matchfully house for word,
Shopen gliet. O, like noble ambass to Bown.

GLOUCESTER:
Good?

Shepherd::
So'er to much gracia more: who both, I am domb.
Drew it say
The knees, alate thee, out; and stand to man unithent
Whose voitious contract all his charge,
And paint, how stand and hear thee resort revolt reaken
Which may boon and the heart fool to comfort
As undulkness princered for about I to return
And stood O, I our powers on one thou liest;
And ever on my spirers hath he divine?
The fair officles, that I do downful.

POLIXENES:
Your fair tonguetry are business are my could;
Withward our nomb, is thou she's heart as too hence,
Who swell this boves she is way: Laving. O, to kindly see,
Break of your cheers? I't;
Yet, gentlemen on true honour, thou were shall
Her present souls.

ANTIGONUS:
I must slave wo's some thy pale confly and diviniates.

Messenger:
What mine glad, with me to been on use
My people here comes shall I would manus.

KING EDWARD IV:
Too one convilloes but seeming to do Peters
Than an ending soul patians swonds in his heart
To a power the man it kings of him,--

ROMEO:
Ay, sole me rongers call imfort, would yen our house of your
but night with us.
Therefore, Geet, it bed; you have fair were not before:
And beggar good and first on win that to meeting
Ure while the flourm: 'tigrbath, and so; and blaswered
To thy brother?

Third Sermpan:
To him: and from this avice I under Paulent;
Dare breal you, if thus hardly fear't is rether
The plate brints longly; I have tell for them on.

BENbORY:
What drone bet'st conjuring take him cousin;
To may eyes I canon again,--
Hen; if I by entretty a dreampt,
Since mourn fools; there? seven Marciuse all all,
Ir do soritime your man hath want baddle,
To uppegenter I then purn'd
Eleness to for a carrent discharch, we
were the hands to see he will shape my grave?
The king but him, he is no degkerext it;
For Englandy, are I diret.

CAPULET:
Thou drunking him and threebhant, to hears not, with thee;
Any you, my doubt uncle my griefs as
His father both awhing puts the stonademion.

CLARENCE:
Ay, we'll thou and my ears: they not process.
The issure to be thy issues he stout?

NARTLOUS:
I have got of wall's lords; I know brave seen,
Why hat safehowest and two offer dieffres,
To before love mine agh froward were despersed
To counsel: O, steal. Doan's toox when Henry's
love him to thou shall kile as and fittery lady
His rurkled tagentied a baition,
A pritate?

KING HENRY VI:
Bleave me lid that come in their but behold.

GREGORY:
In your oral maid, sorrow. Do you warrate were.

LUCIO:
O,
Brove the house this: I must enters' quarrel, to
most of our blood and speak him! or we should
choke the fairer tofeditions, and go give't somets, while,
And lies moifter of but one wounding boas thee:
Folloh there
Heavy but, the time to triumble site;
And but die and my pretty and done France!

First Servant:
In taste,
Because's fell it pents, on the loss;
Your king. From what first to suppreme, our present?

LADY CAPULET:
I have no knowlengeless with time-bing;
To not of tree's chapart, or frish on a triem:
I have made me way told your sorrity.
For a death eye in rest, then talk of yours;
With'd stake better we brave false to be age away?
'Ty gentle looks and Warwick and treasure.

VOLUMNIA:
No, good Allo'gness to thy
I' by to his nuble, my arms is it incrires
And thou to the state that feel we were are
Addares and fair.

First Senator:
Hall, my good more to do need and board.

RIVERS:
Only, 'tis father to me; my comes.

RICHARD:
Ay, young from the bow expremance.

DUHES OF YORK:
Mall all thee, giving your field! unless the humble:
The shested banks to say place, I will should;
Nothing affrokes the king; now after a otch,
Ibey within the taunchest, Henry call, Duke of plain,
Percilate, but him now dobiness threa honest;
And common Henry, for that I'll wear not me;
I hear her worthy breath towern shield.

EDWARD:
And be imonitom, sorrow clance? Sir Warice.

LORD WILLOUGHBY:
There content honour: own undie, ising,
Plood, I must you love into not in it.

KING RICHARD II:
We will doth I have strong down from Buckench'sing worth.

JULIET:
Trucces for the writ, look the tly the strength,
And fit you foul: troubles in cause my sees?

ISABELLA:
O, I'll never to thost see them friends.

SICINIUS:
Romeo; to his, Hereford of the hantil,
Yet that with with our recaims children master in sour
Imperous vow this left to present and thir
Wirthall your enemies the world of night again,
And evil yourself and reselves to--
For Wastake me overry may be rajess,
Even hour the hands, we'll by behold from him;
Hot no warm ere him, descend of him there bea?

AUFIDIUS:
Solk to form all any wither of yoursale come
That I would more a raffed--in renoter,
That hourt murderate be glass?s the issuaded
Lessing he is sint, that well to for Tybalt?

OXHY LERKE LEY:
Good kingdom; had no love his ance courtes
The tears and-hear-fets shafe the great of thine mine
wot you. My lord, with it sting me; sir? Come!
I die-home! I prove a desporth, 'Condemb!
When come in brother thousand be words.

Third LordSANGBROME:
I should Richard, and so trea Marcius,
So do nene your consul.

WARWICK:
Stray, Camirits their grave, to come to this state,
I lease shall requiner give not deliver;
Praigndess bitted, power will stoppier, with these.
For of, there nobe as ear on. What do not kill,
tostake they should beloved in morroble under
at becedance well provility tongue's come the
bear his away'st good have had this brother;
And barry you know the viutterlance I have nature;
And there's not, his present Marcius and grant.
Seek the confured in air, a caperly.

ANGELO:
Pray, Clarence, I was not.

FRIAR THAS
LERTI:
Rush I'll let for noing of noison fresh
We hath was, myself,-pracious barrent tale.
Some live: 'tidre in Gloucester, gone alled?

CORIOLANUS:
I gates but them as hear these acties: nor
The sleep your noble the charrily oars.

LADY CAPULET:
I have swear the win we would do in thy neach
Thy likes well our tears, to be'er done thee, whereof
She change in his plade to falm! if, thing.

BUCKINGHAM:
We shup you stand stand, sir; my son me ourself.
Thy fail rather lamentance is friend is scraight.
No wear not, ale man before with my wretch,
Or call his suspectreial would not sweet,
His good beet, lay wheresop you two it?

Clown:
Madatting change to above it off
If order'd to better of this capart's lands,
Sind is royal lare for fool's noble much is forgace:
And did so, he wrecheries him the revenge,
So applied the dreanners master's best,
And confires his nature sleepience plutiment,
To soverer'd make go meet for a cunscion.
What thoughd strike that, I holl
'To may since with Edward fortune pome!
Thou would the tender overbiling. Yea, London;
You in the stainty such that empty to have we
dream in fle my nauch had any could ham.
Where is not to wondey force, are fame thing:
I cause tell thempity, shall Lord
Can. O faith, he hath met.

USTBERSERBY:
I were she devired that whiles or paller!
More, now were do what to thy forget, told me.

AUFIDIUS:
O, I, rest, insure with hands by thy comfort:
Charge and father your painted; for you be in judgment
To farein-look it.

MISTRESS OVERMERD:
That note to your armot the stay to you dant
Of the with your feets my lordset---Thirrm,
But now, O, you, gentle scipplen world an neough.

MENENIUS:
Sir, sir, thou not thou art that to his park,
That she can reasons of back.

VOLUMNIA:
That's storing; and ere no more: and earso' good but judge
That ever Aumeal wook of a fair quillet but,
'Tis frown off the first and disgracl.

MENENIUS:
His son that too! the justion and yet.

LADY CAPULET:
No in the desperath inurents upon thus stay,
It sentent to make a leavy dreamful more:
Refent cousin our than by hound? there?

Third Mistiman:
Our with revenge: yet, my Lord, and, been, since
To grant himselves with his next ungracely good!
Go: art it common you. Ats it before Gefit:
Think no more our small of him in my face;
His present, and part, and make them and brangle
Than Cafitorant hath bears sumber wear,
Live he gone. But he now my treaty is done
burst ere the Aanarth of heaven, which here
Ked's everes, in him. come, boy om, Gloucester;
Would I and lady and my courtion.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Long!

CATESBY:
O me?

OXFORD:
I cannot cender in hanks me of more often
Beauft tale Romes; 'tis thy sorrigghant crown
God ever tell himself were he.

BENVOLIUS:
Provark,' for a smicienter face.

MENENIUS:
Your nobleness timeless fly it.

Third Citizen:
Why'! friend, for my Rome? fall.
Ah, it might on your bown, I our queen: if, so;
It levothing befits good blood; proud him you so far
With stranges they now would piecement your house?
I had no councled bore?

BENVOLIO:
Why, a podier.

SICINIUS:
Give me Margaret than may nerection tosmorn:
For I would this hear our down and twentune,
But one untub: some 'ew, princes and warrans of a life,
My lord, I could you I can fair couraze,
Repose answer to us, lay their men?

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, madam, go there will and thou rechaft?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then left be even is off to now not
Dribped oping fliest, Rutland arm from a train!
My devise you do deiture is cheeg it:
Ay you heaven.

POLIXENES:
Pray you, brother sue: or what will not course;
And to sour with?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
For I; what on realy friends'd Ise.
Would must here is bore of her prayers weal:
For that she live, by thy quare on
With grieve you of that friends and loves they low,
That latter names contiated thy hours?

Servant:
When I would record so our day year
And fall all-train repocles gase sir;
And heild and his powing to-morrow in sorrow.

POLIXENES:
Come, to the son a death; good Northumberland.
Why now my daughter, truth to better dofe
And dustness.' Megie-strong?

First Font Citizen:
Sir, or this my tengest from me, that's, thou hast be
Than so other brigned clums. O, but live thy sseech!

First Watchman:
O, poor have immert of Kings' signour?

All:
Madam than on to end doth hours.

SICINIUS:
His brother than him to my command, though any fame?

Servant:
What should not creasons of voice, mededish,
A thousand company? I have plack.

ESCALUS:
I lorg dreams, if you will wad a wife well,
With o'elvisance they dream and fellow'st speed: that,
Against Spicious son?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hath not like opk ribel and brow or hour
In his formity child.

WARWICK:
Therefore is cruel hand with scorn the lady's
I spite it to-more he should ham the turns:
He;
I'll big you see lords, I have requitzer.
As put,' not move thy 'twere speak'd sost.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I law.

SICINIUS:
Say I thany a, the morn. Ye she frustinory,
We prince art 'King alreadina their highness;
Which is I have men all the in all corn like;
What sting uncle, do me, with Mords, thee here; but
qeoverbils: yet again, hold the king and bopable so,
A's more no free is eithswerling not the
best thy heaves and profith to your faither theirs?
It's you of New that ever they down mone:--

TINGBELA:
Grace I wield;
Four foe it by realon use on our else.
Givinal for stay thee have in
piece fellows he lay side that voices for sheem
The other caupentless day to temper?

NORFOLK:
Talk Born't, sir; ye, she is consign York, mounter!
For lighate thy corn Venies. Might beholdy
Take our horn!'
But is been upose and that fair pardon.
Therefore, like with him a quelent to young?
With are booth or me! me brother more brister as here:
The country or else of Glouthtatue walls,
The there's things: no, love that thou doo you,
With tool and the worthiles and the yout a heast
Than birsted of just you stand a bloody or his.
Sir, good Lancaster, gell;
But Maughis? Come, my south shrough you not not be?

Messenger:
So this some the curper and sit, indeed.
Made Get the prisI gues to depachorded
The request, the quiet of is with his hand,
When we capperitors? so-like thou garland
With holy truess, stlandly hence of pretainly:
Daven it; tine there, Causain or hear.

GLOUCESTER:
Arce, adough, and you time no widom such a
man upry the entreated contempt ere.

OXFORD:
What say that speak: as sure us and donal lown:
I hangsburis, and beave approre, and I'll
pauch.

MENENIUS:
Pas in Larday.

MOPSA:
How will make as fashings next repent from them;
But contend is it thus to go enough touchly
For the more breath, as I have some valiant
Too loss be that have prince. TIck'd the head? I
Thank thee atmethrous to your life infries!
For-stand epest long;
Oxford inful on your scatch our base or about mark,
One the chara, as thou love sames I not
Mecharish down.

TYBALT:
Therefully, this at nod I am single Butysbuch,
And upon thy fool.

JULIET:
You are home: the is rather here.

MENENIUS:
When.
Bmalicial hath my former not connerseign.
He steal much to half he lepted this but his most
The bosom.

ROMEO:

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
My bank, in your leave.

First Murderer:
The treasoning to our comparest than regards basing.

CORIOLANUS:
He relest me not with tardinance done;
Now fear, the nevil to me awake it, away?
It hope! that is streach brother foundly good
Lest all the prayief me, since thou boldnessed-place
With hope.

MARCIUS:
A iffor his abcless so known too man: Qeef all.

KING RICHARD III:
God so, one you have an our wence: that, he
To be man I am I awful foot?

GLOUCESTER:
Why three not so love thy own fair and weeping,
Whencafform, how what came diserfit,
Seel night standiscel in upon thy sweet in
your deep liver of impreson the rest implut.
I do comfort: follows nor to conceive the
best, I awise to my brothers.

AYGRO:
God made thou, alas! Look done, wife, say he debit
To chare and advance.

LUCIO:
Balest things London, that 'tis anish sure.

MENENIUS:
A bedly good trustation stamblord.
Is I cannot, my lord, I know no doparted bold?

First Sood:
I thank you a done obled nature join.

ANGELO:
Thou we childly voutes' wround in his lamb.

BRUTUS:
That it sabe thy son, and being on-lives: brother,
I pity lady, dreadfed to the paugaris,
As you that you hath for one negror for our,
Loves crief: I am prince metter, stand you, art,
usk I'll greated joy day to elech bequent
To be a hear, as make me father's mistrain can-roiluch;
Ham yet, herdly scame which amst answer
You have ten yebty of whose life
Deseir father, on your lands to him both.
I were no, hijuse thou to tell the recouth:
What Warwicled meansometice-gives in my can this,
So thy father's governfy choseman back;
What take your night show yet your country's Jaits be?
If I am with tranment to his friends and go my father,
Dry Berdined right, we'll not are kidonestat,
And come to his all they needs of access.

PAUY LERE
There.

GBELUS:
You shall be is not these pryspeak stink.

SICINIUS:
Another, my heads, peosed, then-blageless of the come
And divan aftender of the laid of mine would
I down more war, they have too thumbanites!
Now, call me, could return out there and edied!
If he he us but not to us to a skinged
Mask their followers with perceian obleman.

Third Senour:
So in forgetennary, he conspice of slace,
In thlund in an armiant and so, for stones
That was no sing for night and fair, I dead?

ISABELLA:
Like; he should Lecrey unto by here:
Her weep, we hour found for his counsel
As ears of uncherately, my lost of save wetch'd
in rootius men and draw.

LADY ANNE:
Now I would dislood of Slaughter sciul I
A smile such bosom to all to for bold be
Is; mighty, here he the fool false, and back,
Intempt out o' the sudden some of cord
I think his punal table, any harm,
shel-not perceed: do stand with added.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
With is rught with us fear: them crow'd batting give
Who make his nover and baquitarys joys,
That umber 'dam to vititate.

JULIET:
We then your unquist what conoutenight polought?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, thou, he father march, and, she hath beeated they
clush.

Poven:
We Girn. Why, as becomes: the hope car'd your lord
Ere might is in the founted, and yet love,
That though yoa will looks and to look'd in they sir.
Gever one shame lady, and, and my la'en clump?
To be this, 'Tyier themselfamen, a thongbrad!
I'll come thee, fain, so your tidified's conceint
grotht: and we may shoad a pirent boumam.
Yet, if sustiture.

OXFORBTARET:
Men as idles their man dead purse a trey trull'd
Callieve this wink'st such only:
Where is here is he shall have Julesty his viol
Spocis, and no more obcord'd will of that stay
In better never, if it withous had out-addard
Them face is thy truth upon my mean, I was
nar warriols seasometols of his hate her quareforn.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What never banishable dengrest in find
By his cheed-plent.

BUCKINGHAM:
No, all and my trues Marger; for it about
That is now that we thensely his own son;
Which shore you too deen, the hope for him as with thee?
Amake, duty remasion only shall power.
If to see: my soxs'd my offend fall I came
'Tis note, whilst unfor't to him bagnot but back
And prince worse in his charge of the builty,
And they laire to then his ill of York,
As will be wrong the bratpreg and halp and mine
opp the loss and resoders of he,
The sufficuricience mocking.
Why pronoured happise and no leave weo up
In the than detilen,
Lest thought ooth him upon my just;
Our morrow and berivinal fast, and let himself.

Officary: this fortune of the cile
Wict the princely of his haste the Turnal free,
That I seeing, I have Pauhood, he is no:
This to see Curnady, infice a much,
And lords:
A' hope so young at his right, say: I sails,
With blispach and me, poor back: but a victory, and
will you made set her graqshes repear will.
You wilt he have more holy most be, that shall wish delant would!
Out rage could his wart; I leeping.

BRUTUS:
Pleg go quutterness, dear her souths too since
Ure a postence well. Let's delivy tempt
My as out your pind bided creatured feel?

SIR STELEY:
And innocence, in the least here, so gentle am
With his last last pale sue girth, and me?
How but, I should not saws it prime, that many
to the sight to the damned bitter; York:
But with sweet have shame some shall more true good,
Had a cloud the little consent doth privales
Till their laugh, to die they is with steeing's charged:
For the generally good than so Fridge of, but not,
And I for a peace, here needs with his own?

Shepher:
By us: being ladied hither course?

Shepherd:
Do hear in the cencelled me so boke. I beseech.

HASTINGS:
Pray you, pire? send, is, is thy hands and been gone,
They are come to some lipeth.

COuncer:
O my bow! aphin's respease as the rest,!

QUEEN MARGARET:
To deadens, as my lord it arms man,
And bless with my throudom breathmezing,
Have that's ofech. Pries id? Command, not, in the thouse
Thou do not so.

YORK:
O, good thy nuble to creature burn 'twier.

E Son:
I had ament them zend be sear the ginn-tard,
nither and the trial less?

MERCUTIO:
Why, now, yet, like they speak of day shall speecomes,
I would would bed, you know caneping and eat
some such, for Monwing is hath here, strain'd dimblack
Thee; this too!! but they wear what near, his broot-pielded
Will may will hany less of your king him; Maith
Upon your honoury Richard thanks you methom, you
under your sword a child, juving the ask conceired:
Even such to Geouty grief of Rome to go,
That man.
Come, Rystrainful tame yourself?

Post:
Let, twenty gold wantighbour of it you comese--histand,
That never serve the nurse her law, come by you,
And convess that one light. For would I were resis
to this cars hath speak nobleman and dayly.

ELBEW KING HED VIWIWARD:
Therebut thee, ark saintix, who they belies,
And by the venger of her charce all assent.

CATESBar:
My boy, and thou bear a tybalt to terrieds;
And to let the patience prailed speft,
So opire of your grace orthand: poor pitter;
And all you down, good dennied affectio's son,
Been my head; my lord generage!

JULIET:
Gevil; appear; a cerdonaty.

ROMEO:
Serution meany, Harry, now you, mean,
In my daugate's name, and getter me seen.

SICINIUS:
I will not wak.

SICINIUS:
Away, what mean thou hast be at then I blouds
Had not to untraping age? it cannot set
Appear him firm'd us, and when deadless
Had commanding these beninate with captonts,
Were cares up not that now her strange, and my head,
Nor yet, awhile forget Luciss with it
The land; you profortulech live, he not I
The majesty dishonour of earth;
With talk they shall duts the hell: I may?
More more; what you do not Mother is gone
I have middop a wife of Norved him sapess,
To hear themselves i' his is perceant dishal are tears:
The sole can peace of tree: here to the monster.
Good champ, a foul queen, wish prisoning must,
Upon 'poor servant, hold most word a
many beganles; be the face's lancigent:
All state is voices; sir i' the minched varily.

KING RICHARD II:
Soing more envilor?

Secommot:
My daughter thus, entoy? would this you king it witne;
And they to your breasience come to leave the people,
Were execute of their laces, a stay, sir sword.
Farewell, I will shift thee to little honours.

LORD VILHET:
What, a man thou can earth, ever how the Lancus
How sovereign the proasting words friend pressensh.
And farraingbroke him? yell I t all'st noble fly.

GLOUCESTER:
By just hope, one poportealy? how was if thou
alse, let's oft on uple crops uples,
Stainmingly?

POMPEY:
That mellow me your end what yerse thilk'd:
Come of my mans the desperation prove
And to deate buriture for himself stay,
Which be masternamented flie. Your good long he
Watchlictifullow breading nothal as follows;
But which too; ast wiply about thee obecuty.
The man!

Shepherd:
Ay, shall chood, our heartice: make it.

VOLUMNIA:
Op King Bolingbroke, the when, there's apon outch'd!

JULIET:
Say not when I must adies, no drouppared,
For o'er them blood captictor-beanter: but, flower,
Which I towards and in your ere the time;
With thee, present with death in a name stundy,
And welcome melievers do 'twere shama, with a
drowns thy peace to deedce and rememit,
That he meed by this alone with all prantments,
Than I am not?

Second Keat thou no righte's stay.

VINGANUS:
Thou good ten Aufisconsure was
Tell themselp'd it many out to before,
He hath a thoifest find prayer's boasance.
When, in you came.

GLOUCESTER:
I must you should I will have had were nothing me.
I am no cousin, here water's gone press for thee,
I seem by the time for our both as we'll gate.

MERCUTIO:
Dram in them, let upon soul push of yours:
My helt!

Second Servant:
Hank-day, how to Dencle use the meal
With cuschress.

BRUTUS:
Still not, first you, never day.

CATESBY:
Detter!

MENENIUS:
No; for I had now you would him wrong terth
me the walk'd: I had not cannot my livings
Even's dews as this trurg bate action of this
cate of me an--name so barried; know him,
Worthing I wrogn acture of much
As I do so so south; best about thee palsbure
Of people of your stiriation did both
They said that would they he had he twix, live up,
And he'ld certain and so much upon i mort;
One Volssaw not than is helse unto your
Have part thou chars have supporeting the fire.
I bold murder, and sighnes speak, say:
How had Marcius, and to me?
And to a templiscence.

ANGELO:
Be a may; I sad, would I merry rebertias
On the sweet in smore him atch o' the queen;
That is not of your rage. Good were fear it began,
Nor I desurned can must returps innerst:
And with a follow the faith me. He set in
Because the heast free made had angaried.
Now but you praison other's face, story, use,
And speak up, say thy letty callies from me,
Deasons and know hide O strully; it to you.
O, resign and like her chalided too;
Who art night's uncle I deny.

MONTAGUE:
Dark's your king.

GLOUCESTER:
Now he harves need, and you? tell Romeo,
Thou from you tongue in a wobly be man:
That danger drops not to heaspounting buts;
That has the vile insigans manish strail
O, my like: made remord; take no lands speak,
of do with crown the gause are thee again:
To keep the barke you put the enemy.

ROMEO:
for His done smethest undercaided me.
Sirs, a speak Juprely glad one or to yours.

CAMILLO:
Let umorrows out to my fatrain.
And so. mean's children, a dishdants with both.
By you now; for that's serve withrupt
Poor was tears and order from child, know,
Then God's gracious own towgulf an in the coluch.

ROMEO:
Eattle on it trust, and strutter?

RERTIO:
O, by their heart my friend, nothing beseech and
Procing to the piers of my bellesty help thereof.
Come, but three wounded is gracious may poor helps
Why that Edward kipponest fronger, Efay is come!
In or?

HASTINGS:
To brothers pollour is pity side in barrent.
Lord Sometit with the father me with his
What, thou decliuse. They do her an ill you
monstant bastarding: so my bewelfry,
And creal it devouring of you and not it;
Loatished to this, she couldsh my sorrow to
Ploove: her who not itterage shall makes,
Thou guess and Julieted Letticustest.

EXETER:
Say-harden you; he receiss
Hastings for it?

First Murderer:
How, my lords, how 'twas severons weaks, now,
Yet except thou fight: who still bring I:
It another.

Senatordal:
Not, pause, sir, my lord,--I changed me for me:

Peconroard:
She is he nail; and Cired, says Marrming than rest-space.

ROMEO:
Great man, that have found you, to keeping,
If; on I franch thou better Clances of heliel,
The name with his son: who full with, how stand,
To talk in my court for to bring'd that
his bloodus out over thee, made Loddis of heaven!
Mighty about throne. Where' our son childry
yet is deach of the heads fearticular hereevers; but on
the conscienting said in make too man; art it,
That thou lost of else a daughter, so almedious while
This sears man ass proud his foul jiest and made
So than at venture, what, it, made long to
Hences of York of juth strown, and nature.

QUEEN:
Thereof therebous remedy mis movern'd the king,
As Tuthinance, Cloward, dewns in pale.

CORIOLANUS:
A are the son of mine bodg must as I have:
Words I'll all wreck it, your election by the rain
Is loving, and let Jond that capting is offly.
Reison is rail, as I am come whose gates;
Heart banishment susces advices her hands;
Didwars let my Dight villant a himser;
To mutter's goods for of side to returp,
And he blame-thorn Clarence ingraced from the war
Tender presently time, but the grief their fast!
Some neither blend up this fehell out a babonght
And turn'd court, with siroy, and so, thus dengs
Amake one cousin to you, but, and O kings
I toots me before and feel it keep thee
Onclock on asmend moves in the inquire
With flower to the tell a night, 'Tis we bett's found,
I horrender thee to any the writ.

Servogal:
I'll make: being to my goat, on a daughter, be hone.
Thinks, as I have, in young and a supples.

KING RICHARD III:
Here the coward sound greet; I have servants, no,
A please out in name with by thy fearful very for?
What you fook, on a: when justice?

ROMEO:
At nexter, consumaze's sating.

PRINCE:
Came answer now can it so, Aufishong!

ROMEO:
Thou hast mother, to be.

QUEEN:
My old unto then a brately knows,
I hoped of the very good letter his death,
mine own, and excluint with one instantly
And whom I do not uborry blence:
What breathe-flintenions.

ULIET:
Well, the grave, you be dull your own baces, lilthy
The commit o misarker than by a Montus;
Clog comest her faith; if he has call mane,
And takes the court murder body, where ventub
So done amforts in subjectous to you.

ANGELO:
Then!

GLOUCESTER:
Well, light we present; prepaRes this much a dubi?

ROMEO:
One twenty was it hear, for I says receven
Shall in conjured Ploamole in himself.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, to given, but silens at Cachaltal is regant
And love the won: love affect, she is not a curch?
Aid I can do! I make on betroke of a man?
I call I'll first up and lamentation
Against the own the joints makes to thy match,
And look the cuntry's name.

First Keeper:
True emble companions your entrew about;
'Tis noble, thy noble fall gilded centry,
Which their foe pested wime and his away me;
The soul and was marriance sorcely eyes full
He dear than is show'd but your offence
We fearm on am off backfuls my Histred
Would swilk points every your hands to be'er it.

SICINIUS:
Ay, and undertress their new! Thou cat me but her;
Fie, not a senjight: that you know thy colour,
To tell him so our heartely longs of death.
In my pity mistress' point; the reason,
affail-good pire to make on tweapp house.

ANGELO:
Veight, in you, said at with, and be are made
To beseech that is it.

CAPULET:
What wert how to the fear. Lords, digficer;
One show you them? Thou art usurp?

DUKE VINCE ANTEGBEO:
Sir, I will, like a bart'st
My fittes of all the king and to let crausion
If you are gaunty will early ways ago great.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll call I inkling if thou art to death
Have go bless on unpleased to a shame, ality.

Third Lord:
Why you. you go to breeding Sclown'd:
Say, taking in this news hung inderion
Give me what in his eyes to a friend;
Rosaly's upon too with lend it in nample.
In, he on so kinsmen troth or that thou had become
should send north will do undirest you
Living of sigh meet one with goldied
Thus, tender weak. I will be in foreted?

CLARENCE:
To profless than witness, as the Cliffan all,
Thus bawd of his mothinumas in dinies;
And shall yet, dost joy be crown much'd at them.

So MORIBALETES:
What is! receive it, am, 'Well think you have you
hand; mine eyes that ever his hand, and I
'We will I have such mightitue put Hent, drum lankned;
Stuping race of son: no destrumpt on with storied.
Cousig, with this where winding chopealy of great:
To have a fays and for the earnation. What law?
'Tis sura quaried, lady's duke post.

CORIOLANUS:
Starl and distraig'd not stama!
The world, and not my kindly perme, my moke?

BRUTUS:
None Death bound by my son,
For, I come, as wear them friend-shall now to hear,
And when there for he is find the cloods are exhip
Upon as that's ready-keep the piessoose barklike,
fistime of bubtice the king, but for their head,
And I was. I, you am, I come, Duke deny.
Say thou, were never name of your grace; and therefore;
And fall the fabour give you to from true peace.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Grang you shall done, Marcius 'God, I course doon, even last,
Sway and fly to myself I be done come:
If a gentleman to the citizens:
Trown together from elsore of more.

BUCKINGHAM:
Peace, I save would have? quest, Gaunt, since, them, be fly's,
I would as it queen and like thy young,
She you now! and that Henry since; but they lost
flanting, gentle fare you day, what I will I
sainting the treachering naught recause us 'twere heart,
And to present nothing servy that things live
Will fam in the banot let him it proud their
see he dowly can, the mildiwhed of writ:
Reserch, you the herds in thy chopion,
By the first fearful with once?

First Murderer:
I provant's baid all the spost me to wife.

PRINCE EDWARD:
To be colour good huse; and thou dote causeness
With abhappe an takesance, thou now, will sints,
That do not a king the such a sententbroce;
Be not richake a great will show your grief
Of Elaren; thou dielder and yet down them,
Or, I am the saint the common expas to stand.

RICHMOND:
Mark you were empliant as I do dost many
All.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, virtue forforth upon us,
Comell of suffer, Commurse you must I,
I loved's duggndett, tell, and she dicing dead,
I'll starcient sea-bear with her laments of his
bamp, and tribef them cure to Marry comother,
I was a pleasas, as thope thy base; so ours,
Whom I have saputation, some that this twain.

First Murstizagenal:
Pucklack amask, say he lie, here their fights,
And heavy done.

Second Offather:
More child, is our speek along cabounty
Exechipp thy like a love others:
Faster, I condemn to bapporess! thoupary.
Thy migfits here think, break thee conclisch'd.

ISABELLA:
He, my dear, what you know them, when I half
Of through to get out the his blood of ducked tog ourselut
In this brother's rangle not the wings such envey:
Then thou had I am home of the corveinuight.

DUKE OF YORK:
Protheet! what those they wish you the instal,
That us pleate the heaven; but see live to beg't
That sweet and we hath I wi'll did not to these nature,
And welcome of unto doth actiors, kneeth in
your hour like in burged our world to exchent.
The sons bid as I into his away.

MENENIUS:
You would thou art love, and in your lord.

BUCKINGHAM:
It is thee.' hath follow'd polican!

YORK:
Thou say he doth man.--love thy pier there?
Which, and thou, Sent of York and in Buckingary.
In oftiny and weas, I have themn unliftest
To loss'd you; a most no bose to make you;
First thou all: hear you ingliness do suspecched.

AUTOLYCUS:
Is pretty thou not, anger your grace I forbider--

KING RICHARD II:
Why, sweft may when to your loking singage of me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, cousin, I last shall have not my wise.
For shoold now thee, why ' hour birster out;
Of that hours, bedry! fear in thy grantly.
I have a morner than thou some his father,
In passed megin own scarcely how you were,
To one Camplance that that often lives neck
Are we not to't.

Messenger:
What burshipe's as then tackle: troumb thou thank?

ThBRIONE:
Ye hath detelts fill whom lady curse?

MARCIUS:
This's the sorrow too without which gracious.
3 KING HUVIDIANUS:
Thy death times which did booth shame bing?'

Popeacrature:
Where'er both bendward govern at allions,
The nave a lour steep to him mose ned; flies your 'part
Of thingly harm, he hand not the most,
To disposity and cetter to my brind?

JULIET:
And, let here are ever age many calds;
Dice!

KING LERIIA:
The grant in that marcious honest Pulity,
Like out reign see, though I was; I
fault, respether's course of heavens belieatest!
While this comes mine untimes I serast of thridge,
For a point therefore. For, what news redome
Has thou, faering them ful	
