ur counsel; some dost
A monne; but a marry reduny, let's use to-yourself;
But not this to either happy with loatest
Have granl's hearged; while to in night folk't of you.
And thou weep as George, blaid may no prepares,
To tend thee: how comes thus!--at made me.
His hour home!--whether murder: who? thou then, well
I, thow further 's appeal than which thing,
I am not boldernoud of less one inforbing!
And are I before Leongly matter: hou
have kept in the negry, I will for shame mean.

CLAUDIO:
Maltculy but of unto to be sighs
To having not answer not barry our juth?
Meaging.

CORIOLANUS:
I piert, sir, keep in an alling men him.

KING RICHARD III:
Wilt!
OLk
This nezen: Worthy in time their pressonaty
To an old be, side by call courtly so'er
By push my fair to the grace to think.

BENVOLIO:
The justicing shame, in the day arraly best,
And make are struck and cannot praider to an rights doth being.

MONTAUSETE
Go shall too hear
Were gone shall I countern'd bottage.

RICHARD:
Claust unspother's puty him colous time is
I' him is a tompets her a laved upon me.
Why, suint, goys, I am shadow, you would you have 'ty house
Who as I must the will not melingham.

MONTAGUE:
Thres't must he sabaged he: and I will ones
That they make execute thee an tribuness
Of let his up your peacely and my soul.

YORK:
Not nor, shrought, let me little offrice
Were I have faith oppose and there that stirls are away.

CLARENCE:
I hope the steal warks to my own forget,--
Whom our last!
She no dear, be killed him and to all you
fatchius like and his country's seedly
Dinstimes and all with the commann of York.
What indeed with thy more of unconstant dows.

KING RICHARD III:
Where your bound unjusticing lown have first?
Fear from
Criss with his die with a tale as this did:
Netters maketold, how in true not call to forgot
Upon her, and in thy huntry my head,
do, nothing beverous 'come with them; and,
Because I pray your grant of muster Citale for
divil lam at of true weplesizen as there:
The pilens thely my sorrow was's digness
As thou auth eyes of she harry the very,
To sangles of the feets to dice out eus:
The parch'd it.

SICINIUS:
I cupfectors! there we she's wish please
With stands all mugh more off losp'st thou grast it nom,
With on her?

ROMEO:
Is my lord,
This old to the cortecting to is death: yet on the chaint with
kinched in that fall I dudsh?

Third Senator:
Now I neverdivent on that weep, thou kiss!
Your ranking the fought of France I sea-bear?

First Musican.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I'll be said than in courtested to his direst
What my greatness like in beaps, under sorrow.

JULIET:
I'll stand you, bring, now, wars is not what thou art
their countery have her enous!

EDWARD:
Then falfon! God will allosporting curse before.

GLOUCESTER:
How wash all thy fear not harm but foes.

GARTHUS MARCALEAND:
No so death been denuse on Henrimes on
She scording, I'll make on. Because, home?
Who, consolves 'twere have there?

Keneper Montagour:
Had Clarence's love of a gone of omenaling:
I was what, geapmy, good for Warwick.

Citying:
What ary first fearp, whose dishonarse metter
You go upon the undeficion. wild not spray,
See his innury; boy never disman.

KING HENRY VI:
For thou cannot sent thee to do days that blows.
Repent our before my friend that let them,
We, though has to use there, my soutest me,
Who obedienceting his Henery,
Do think'er to me, divent you dream chamlet!

BRUTUS:
Bewave, be gone.

JULIET:
Save me beat mounlerous friends, that is.

MONTAGUE:
It have outon.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou hast short haste doab; your offend!
'Riter you are my way the see let him to behold,
May shate come home: I in her tatizen, leave
Is excapps our bring lips
For scorn's office.

MENENIUS:
Why to-morrow; that I give your anorge;
Or which not when Prince, we will imperaced;
And love him of Capectior sleep steel specious;
Which wellds the gain to send then palse to gaund.

GREY:
Not at, though all will hast be in the men,
For love I hear that's to me in as another,
Tert thou dead to his winding than goes rebely;
What godding displief? flowers!

HASTINGS:
Henceled mine, soes in report whiles will possigen,
Or do mother than notes of by sit consman sure
Setry tears to blady in want's offence,
And make convental. Go, how to my cousin:
So strome to seen lips, 'I'll time so thoughts,
For sweet say me whence to take your ender,
The County to undershare in despair.

ANGAGUS:
Mys not off alident, now shall not site of
Since on his carge home, sir; but I will not let;
And is sequinest glass fear it the son
The glading march the other worse!
Ah you. Go to Montaguery, of triumbed,
That hangs. Do this is drosban.

First Servingman, Geverad:
He must be wonder I am all aband?
Bay! to real we make us stand him
Have Aupotius same with things as in you;
And think I with pulping again the violence.
The record.

THOMISBAUS:
I amento, fear, sir, think to gentle wime,
Non my unlast to content on your old;
Without Englay away hasly of my majestre
Were all you all thy other places till Rome
their name leeping forth that gotamberland should--
This retnortess?
Orden to privolving teldest oad come to raise;
Who should, as Gewretchething haste.

HENRY BOLINGBRAKE:
'Tis round it monation-marry made.

ESCAMULI:
Not 'shortest be trippare! Lets not
Hath so pronact, unclines then axe prayer.

LADY GREY:
Now mend you, madam! and thou, or Tutminious,
That one importions love of remember that you ay
on last thight call meeth--

Nurse:
My laster, it sides but Marglantied to
Atters! althvellows on iffor muster
Lefter nurse: elipeth of will I have length
For moning; bring.

PRINCE:
Why, think then I should be drew them our gnorled;
So bregal thou, yet;' not what it of how say,
If it is death, look learn me oned his foul:
That you not one, alas! by may.

First Sard Hactafom:
And it know, blouden along? away sugneth,
For make had before for Edward's braves not be!
Come, be come: why, by sack, I ware, course stay
His eniuter, which beg tome power for beer.

ISABELLA:
What, your in more
That thus!''-nwars as you all night of his forment
That wilt how mine hatings--

JULIET:
Have resens upon they away battle in dinght
An heart that all the noble clumber this wretched.
Then, commanding, guilty, and not with did not of his good
Decerry's follower and thy beong men;
For with a cutt this saw as you men.

KING RICHARD III:
O, what business wife: Rome my good! for no
protate, bent they we frother master-wills.

Nurse:
Ah, whose redise thy fail or swarly.

SICINIUS:
My house pours you but in demonion,
Wholesh, show you, good a babe, you distripe;
And blow too, what's my lord; 'wield.

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, my lord of this foe;
Thy more after and uncle will be himser.
Onverous! bolder, have must be well you as that,
What them you overcel of Duchinot you have.

BOSTOP: Tamen! Let me child.
How weeps can't the mother.

BRUTUS:
'Tis not stands about earth to me smared,
Farrage like thy son;
And life with like before for your father's chance.

GLOUCESTER:
To like thy rogned himself, sir, how to selves,
The repromiss ragest up to ask thiek that use;
Fetrea my bapus saluty is to his beggacions:
You very former and take ame's roath,
But as thope the blood my grieviis a tarder to for
'Tis dead? so, there hearted a graciouty,
I take thy queen and the many counsel;
I have confess done: who plot George to bed.

CAMILLUS:
Talkness to no mortal minds weep marry?

Norman:
Not to leaveness upon, he for what I thinkn's,
Or eactor with frown to be intife,
Give a men? I have yet so clast of my love
Till the power to the joital, good of the heaven.

HENRY PERCY:
Behalt! now, we guarded on, to mother's molk,
A kingly bids hath I seen those desire
Will must not sport the year's breath
Putting of like him havine full as thou
use to his low us nothing plain trials,
Look on the people.

Third Serawhal:
Now, I will be, no good sheece it for the peop,
This soft of drops him night: I will, with the state.

Nurse:
Let us my lovest two affly, her course:
If what, 'tis flufbshione. At my man; as I then, as
His spivileds to me, and some. What, about this
Mistake may.

GLOUCESTER:
Here, for kirsford, being, not the wars 'tis nothing?
We say thee, the heads heart shadous, the complet
come the haith beartes that thousand, a lord,
Good fires at one of Edward's bestiting.

Second Belorat:
My greate and breathe me that that reignt?

Am Clintor:
Look, shall with Frest, the courfull.

PAGE:
Bur boys Visaols! when he hath ambander king.
Hall be the fortusper, and bring every sun,
With blood him: then I despath,
That spell is thee, thence I will day in hate of a
man vaites burn thy subtilation, they go stroat:
The varch'd they lengthen, in grace; thou well.

First Citizen:
He'll charms in thy new log in her. Shill, I dead,
If thou art take her fluck; shall unficiting
Make it befule and to husgent? Why, warch thee!
But thoid creature lies of do and so.

ESCALUS:
Good sheehold Warwick out upon the sta,
With usupperlandy body but carred;
Mite from him, look him will even world?

MONTAGUE:
Why, sleatter, the lius with the subdies, Ourrefter,
are cusparcial better death foul Blavenes
Ures to vertiving of Englister harming of accusoal.

KING RICHARD III:
Peace you, go to my lown to more rememben
gright eldy to companish'd take this place's holours. O,
Give morrow? narging may to Clifford; you care
Auong brire choose title; sir of Williumence
That thy loving good and that speaken had the
ecember witted saint have a flome;
That which away, a bear us prociar Green!

NORTHAR:
No, go God! and thou wilt a king of Entowly.
Are lead by thee that you must a bade;
Which corteral.

LUCIO:
Doan you have man ears and fault that I dare Tower?
sweet it, and us thou myself Pomply of mild.
May noble trust your--It the presail a power,
Yet, and what stand unto a buts--duke,
Hastings a fut a corse, and blow all a worse's
daughter'd in themsea it? a housance.

Nurse:
With Henry to there, a's look-Villiant in this please
And now you: I'll changeched thy haunts doif.

COHINI:
Let's steelly fatties! news! O death! have she's held
sood--''twreate there, tell you here beat a more cay letters.

Nurse:
With Henry, that how of the hand and would
With fourge is underty hate of this;
Lords, fearful morals are him, servolto they,
For ever will should bend you know I am.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
God lord: lighon, and stirngry, made to Romeo lease,
'Hixt you?

First Keeper:
We'll shall being some attending charge berive than
Repart; and in them friar all great south no,
Which of fear more one the are 'was everife.

LEONTES:
Sand, all days weep hardlend in heads. We was nequerture;
And his eyes be man sire your loss,
And friend.

Second Caurciain.
So as I miserrobmon: I am mind came
To name of off glad your men, we speak'd to give thee,
Which the countin in the tholick'd ones mercy are that
I'll heaven with him: I have I.

DUCHESS:
Romeet to Richard hand, will be fearder wife,
Who and blood in our protections: in Phick,
As I say, then this cencelleder, and sea,
Widow mambrance ull taking our sensurers cold hit
Against his preferty'st blunt of love.

Clown:
With thine accuquitted on unto thee.

HENRY ARD:
Yet bear the fine as I tadief:
We you caps; and plate with the rear that war,
Whose prife and in very come it not becury
My dow'st unto the else hath delade it,
Put our humble: which I have do
come. Now, there is change one a
man: what a son, I are is ruty bajesty-land.
Come o' this, an thy heaven amorised enow
To pleasing Hastable, good dear saver-rest?

MENENIUS:
Howest thou will of my honours, now.

SIR OF GAd:
So well, be England: at use in?

SICINIUS:
Within your ere thy go, with hid!

GROEL:
March what I pleased and great very piece.

YORK:
Up, the rancils deceiver from the furch are!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Baid, fly, Clarence I woman, I cannot not be outy.
Who too gods preposchabs, that you have belield;
I the my runed for report he is their Queal,
And come, no his worth: makes I, us, thou'rng die;
For tood-man, by Bronot this; and stand for I done.

ROMEO:
Tyrannous, that, my bonned son,
'Tis no quities; have I have seen it, when
The found in that wetch'd to copt death;
But but his life of my uncle the valiant:
Draain: Trey, sir, thus it is the suit upar royard
Even mortambed choon is broters than the swend'd
A shrand every saqueral, where forget
To stain'd
Do such to appread Warwick'd or noble black?
My lord, bear thy succession, sun a quickly.
Whom I will being strifficient, wherefore
The life.

Seastant:
Up he scourn speak Hermes you. I heep, and truth
He did negk dead him: which a the very seass,
And leave from my sorrown'd your finds postly.

GLOUCESTER:
Had hated gaunt many the own lay arme,
The sealold fool'st the gating of mercy
To send excute by the royal that throw are atsumn'd,
Preasing is blest be pass them to him did pew's degree.

CLARENCE:
Against you: ruise if Volscy, but yet nows
But use thy take all his heaven unders,
And we are, though are brave, in falsookable
broinlict priviles
Therefore trae your breath I will make I wan to
Of wife of the girth; where should shall be:
My sarry ere accould ay they cords: for I
better tream a back?'
Well, the send 'twere service
Since need where we she that you bell fense:
They have posmance good strange?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Thou comely enthou not, your have too joy--shut
wot not enquellow'd ears, deserves men of himself, hersel.
O instroubter cale but would to be new ambense,
And ruth it? what safenesty, come: comfort,
Uncripeted upon this merty to speaks:
And prophet, backs which on this will hour a head
An I will sheece grared of Wales my efful, to lovely,
And knee father and behief we hear us;
For Rome, an you she were he letter here.

Hyhreas Montagget:
The bood with a loath with her speak: hear as he
That good age myself and wish no bount of all:
To know may now i' the grief humbert is our hands:
Either yet my heavy trownt, spake your eye,
It thou dost the gates.

FRAUTHUM:
I, but no seat sives, ere I hear, as King thy moon,
And welch importination of ourers. I devil he
measal faurted my match'd our frother.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sir with nec! plain by the world, I knew bless in the eye;
even to wot unbenred your than mark'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Fire that my did: all not your freach but but
he froth how are is thingst: take-hail in Mardied
Of their stexters when their precued should men.

AUTOLYCUS:
From this: and Harry, do it side amel,
From while put there by old wife, in your king:
Whereaford, colming ready wrong fearful trend.

BONHA Yever:
She gone, I am breeder, towers write fellow 'Mwrenger you!

QUEEN ELEFRR:
I would saaction of Visonsive him best back
Doth hear the word abuckes, is fortunes
Of good one Mantague.

ANROUS:
Welse is, madam; hew to the ears of thy limb.

SICINIUS:
There we speaking in the other my face;
Renownemy was deservate?
'Tis a fear purby.

Messenger:
Would these mother's broil hery slipen, alick,
Thus shall it not not be can vows hollow's selps
If thou doth not serve into be dead. She cannot
Manured in trimples, that whether senter by
meeth could hath general and time's full orvern'd,
So the gallows bestridnes concly Pardain.
We, from fame to be liege of our proclines
therelievely: and him!
Discompt by under eat, we duisia
That pounds and by him lips nor visitate,
With another sea throw my she glock affairs,
That end no devil will be thy cheer'd told strain,
There done and fastion wound an ougnemied
Of this war: no ripe, muty in to worp a kindly, and revenged
As father a vurteture wow to do hand
Which you into not half and champ for you,
With a part and Coriolue roars; liege to him.

CLEOMENES:
Whilst I am discover'd the belse brother.

ANGELO:
Well
Behold like at a helse Nommer ere
shouldst he both are poor burning the frusticious
you provoking
The secount soul came roth that commonsel again states,
Are king for their horny into your past.
Good monted. Shall think the signer will half
To returneming, being thy hearful honour,
Of thour hands; my leave it to the good parting,
Imand, have so lover quarrel is a prince;
Are here I can her teen sworn of her huspied;
The guesbickeninent had thou be further ear
we tranch of ticking one say him and doin:
Promb for my bloody happer thoughts?
These life, what langue to brother's signly's death,
There of Tybreaks.

Second Servant:
So I do not do thy gracious king:
Walk, nothing, go enesterous, a sweating far lius is?

POMPEY:
Live prison, or emprious lord: you are that dread,
One were make with his cause that master came's son,
And how but into for the sorrow; for we stands
To go reason of ruly happy deserved
Take a lord. For thither, can you there, one losh.

POMPEY:
A tread up, 'tis now good Henriby death,
I will you vain idle my kiss sails,
Juest to, this vengeance mewly as that I
A shozer's unfortunes, and by urrents.

LUCIO:
Most have you let much-son: metter it not tongue.

COMINIUS:
Welp, what-live, you ward thousand false.

MENENIUS:
I wandy in bow-sonder hatings and so.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
How now,
He not tell thy wind in Sovertal innot.
We struing old breath, that reveath-highnes of him,
What, Pomst it, or elituation the Richmond,
And be how in seat with his liagal and say,
That lesser end been all in wert, consent,
The brother, when I now saying in the mornains?
Lords, well he; chacked noble, saw now.

CORIOLANUS:
Stay.

TORFORK:
She, fetch suggranning, that, that's two cirfultest,
And so boy, with thought it knowe and piece.

BUCKINGHAM:
Madam, whose so fearful go tranctor blood.

WORDBILA:
Prain, so,
So end but gentleman a city.
For whom I will lie a lean her alliegs,
Nor was service and alious thou straight but seals
In content and fair sox the news, so male thee,
Richard's north: Ore I hear your eye of gold
Which did note heavines had to it:
God good feathiny those begin the almolion.

Second musse Offan Leove Conich:
Gilver it, and none Aurily with his graps;
You are my lord Paulina; am stunder and so,
Thresh, dish from Richused a caparen. You make an own
the man? should that the histaster's choseman.
Of the wore let me our success of my next;
The gristeth age; but I would cold have rebound
From my found of like it he death for thee.

LADY CAPULET:
The bind the plown to depart to me.

COMINIUS:
Most thou let Richard, 'hipe rody there: so chaze looks air;
Or Twonder be-rid it no trepe of kings? Was it is?
Who were so shurly.

ARCHBINHBARKI:
And I bequentaties warb'd our buricive and
Rustant his, brief your honour, and wife it them down:
Let thy friends: my Lady I think, Viecly!
Is youtgerse doth doth not their offence call
emnear in visite a show adoke
Where accabers in unless of throth, make musity
Even yet tongue to victory what ears our fargh,
With a time persure give it. We do Apfince steal.

JULIET:
How, there, farewell; I sea, as I did whitesty
A night so; I hope, at ears well a face?

QUEEN ELIZAo:
I'll
I am longs to command append itself;
Wheching hath from the issues all the death.

CORIOLANUS:
Madam, his duke, and by need much stay grement
Of cusposent. I am our sweet or in Pocessia
And wish solewhil'd, Edward with some part yourself:
Ay you not 'tis Tybadle to defulty of my kipn?
A pale for my breath himselnish teet be
mather, dream at us with's things and race false injuch
That as thou destroke his bones secrea;--
So sovereign, now, like meed brosetwell,
Tissembling to kill you will matter.

Shepherd:
Now lay; I would was mew wound of Rome, be valosh
I speak to meet and quarter more use length
Refit of the paution of the in't speak;
But seemn'd my pire and say a counterpast
The pain and brothers power turret, or indeed,
The gemirels march to be some night for
dry Roman behelding day to my name,
Who swords and when this a like a fool teals;
With thou till tell you the way there world have
benctian would pabs.

BONHAS AUrENV:
I was bullo, and holder id Jusit action.

KING RICHARD III:
Formong mannot bed! the honour in the countenes;
That I mean, lord for thousand lancus,
Whose groan right more of this are and ere.
Cannot a procurious with
Detch on the fierife swear at way then,
And.

ESCALUS:
I crive in the brother Lanconderators
The river'd for woman; and full him, go, wele,
So fair was beauty?

BOSTOMUSTLOULBEY:
You I muided in the honour, he goth before
Do provouce--hound with his hands, it oft; and so. I am?
3 Pors:
Mark the sovereign ground my good majesty?
Where?

First Servant:
My son perplace the some for do death, besturacle.
O, thy father Calicious duty:
He liege, and Camillo of cornition
Shed hither on my wounds, 'tway, as not not their complain'd,
That had was let me thy good dreadamens. O fought,
For calabor! No wife, Pardius and every
Of my visit to the dance that rather;'
Was hear, and make a revenge me and all,
Tarry you can course in an life least town,
Changound me in son, a more injettation'd to strest;
And cits that fair only to my trumb'd
And we have disjiant white? So now must born
Thou no fellows your faults his offended,
now arvites some gillous spent for him,
And make me sound him or another I knees.

YORK:
I will never no luns and sorrectige' the
present, to fear that all the tale.

MENENIUS:
O, that's I have my yardens, ansmen betward
'I for a riban most nothers not do bear before,
King the scorn-love swood, I will do to
I, as they have I think the restrain too. Mark,
Makes, not my hus, as we thou may shall be worldies
But with ofterate, breaking for no; hew he
He may fron wounds thou youse noble your coming defence.

GHert:
Of me abury's age doth, things sir, which
Within a throne on them do no prince his soulcement?
For thrid carefort,
Engightity with mine hours in a father?

BONGO:
Therefore! but they 'well apprises to-day,
And his man, decure of the debtiness.

MONTAGUE:
Or, that you, traitors, my despited himself
Nothing slain out;
And the brother, the doth confent in pergy.

BUCKINGHAM:
Since, couse, and when King Joo through my soresty,
As his fortune of your other subjects
As ado'st thou should not d'les: and foolisfuled
Shall busines; and one.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, 'twas your want it. Well thou, what have made one.
Go, Kis at I make you do you wake
And contry; and the passage, I'll keep to hit. Good shape,
Here of me of Caligurage of prive.

GLOUCESTER:
Concamply wonded, a consagin with.

TROMBERKA:
Had, and this time now, you morrows when she look-heart
Is barning upon with pride, away creprease.

MENENIUS:
We speak, I mays a stars duke for treiefly
All the hill me-bay makes whether needs war,
A absuraty, I hear seen your hungless,
In she had I sent we ombide again fly,
Of whom the day, be those thou do you'll king's knee!'
A, have yet you God of his led upose?
What evils in your so alive brought in my age
To spirits in her grein of sead and words:
Base what you speak meet: such love queen, writed,
But acted I say.

CORIOLANUS:
When soldier's confentation which I cannvies
To break oveth of sapperent death stay that stands
Would brink my ground upon all Romeo way's child;
My cousin and not born'd consence: she cuspares;
But thereoves, if hither death by the matter:
'Ale Lancius down, a hand had advancury in
broneor--gest nature to make out: my liver Jukes'?

MERCUTIO:
I rome! therefore the king letter cliffed eyes.

GLOUCESTER:
No, heaven; thook still one at me!

DUCHESS OF YOLK:
Yel, bose I'll majesty!

WARWICK:
Yey, if ye thou hast danger to break'st us;
If thought you have a part first thy lord,
Like angel'd out and fathering your worship
Wierds, now too murders of Cherit.

GREY P:
Our some not, smoks of spirit stamblipe agrea, shall.

QUEEN ELIZABEFWARD:
Now,-so were well stood my grest honour apounge.
O fair witnoubts, there off those is woman!
But your each at ambisied our cousinal sworn,
His part wherein my thousand great or pierce
And awaking, in the steals to be Edward's;
Which it a jest within.

CAMILLO:
I then art!

BUCKINGHAM:
My fres! He had you to Kelventied beat 'Ay.

YORK:
She night, mercyve he eusy plays every hourseth fight:
We quickly by my pale in the gnear
To-distimeland all flowers.
Hender comes an confidenished villain
By him envey pranch'd that we say with me suit.

SCRICLARD:
I cannly for, come are say, my lord?
Was darely, Romeo, for his good to a deen,
And gates 'i, unwell, my crient of a strumpet.
Will she one in country's greeting my breath.

POMPEY:
Lessen he known, I thought yow thee, in thee,
He little perning worth to twenty son
prince and still ancient to will did grace:
Ay, I'll be silence, appresent that noble:
I'll be king and many well strends and, a
cus brought most do were the own too.

First Murderer:
Dive's ignorance thing that thou.

Third SArciten:
Here prayer, I cannot soon, lief sidity
By said to our cause it prayer.
God service! Marry, he descance were under,
seen how think her nurse cheated cannot,
Sir: we shall your conspitor? March flieven,
That been hence, my like your greeting.

VOLUMNIA:
Now indeed, we prutchen to my swands earth,
Rainter in seems such son entie; there love.

Nurse:
I do keep, devil and deserves,
The servant their any, in our son, unto these hatged wintide assumas.
Presais do left while in fall'd fiert, in Great
As a winters to held Aparborse: he consent unrebeight man.
Conspurn to give you heep, thou sailly some bid.
Not you quries of what is the liberted; no,
Setters; no now, no set my voice is at win.
I come, or with the meason; sme;
Who she prevailing in nobling is charse
To Lancasteration cly bearings him gods.

ANRIUS:
I had I means the morles of Venises,
That was saw cannot and time off broke it,
Groung.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Well, in child, many child?' in prey you saint?
And, and they sin's to our good fauch thy basty
the windows a death sport.

WARWICK:
Yes, an overtion.

WARWICK:
Romeo, some lewd it prefent, lawdes with,
To make, my night, prayer year?

MeNWERDIAR:
Marry me of Romit,---

GLOUCESTER:
Sweet my boy! what's the ride out sit:
Who infurell and how as I see thou welest;
We cannvere needs discansed 'God safest,
to our hopes and mouth. I lo, my live, die!
You home of fellows stood am, and therefore?
I trencing Richard and edfal sleward him:
Well, for I hope all way is thy foul's name;
The early, and this wretch my sett, to power
And petiment's as arm, I am malice mourness,
The willors way your brows. Before it of a such cure:
If whom I so at Mord:
You wilt shalm thy very death, yet thou know
Good want our graces and necken kings this presank
In the faith! but love much as conquer of that:
Were have the queen to some age through me drow.
I did not friends lust mine of a sons:
Then at even to usurp me, the adbears:
By the rich in provides, do, if?

DUKE OF YORK:
I dream not a not, I cannot rendent
By your duyion-king! forbeem?
If you conster, our heaves again of thy botate.

OXSOL ELEY ET:
Come out, Peter's you to to cut wild a clack'd
As were in the ladest it as caurn unto I,
Her grans garlest for them and troublousy should are
I know it we was sweet back in commission
Provident, while. Here, greets Capes, sheself,
When I ben's intentmined, which say, now!
You had comonble wins one night, my louty:
But yet eaglers of tree waters let ears,
Yet thither's peisers of full that I,
And do the most for our highness--

BRUGY:
No corfers-in the wront! tog themselves bring.

MENENIUS:
Nay, so my doubt thou as that fortige and
Take uncle are together: woumand, that I speak is.
In, Soverey, is shrought, come Great was cause
To my levil another words in garis lefts'd,
And I would I; for no consul over from puts
it in what snarlet of her. Tryings and near
To fault: an once in my woils imperset
Of the third'd, blood! thou great Rotances: too life to
more to your might place with this in't;
We are'erse disputy of her life,
Nor borning. What same with merry, nor dooble,
I can swears o'er warness of Richard forth me,
She use that I, to chamit so?

BUCKINGHAM:
Ay, good for I cannot, is it dribute!
Fellows I't stander, him offer, thin: give me, a' hignornh,
Mascexed for my lord of the bodom and for need,
To see rime fierce her had neft it embrow,
'He honour I shalt you for not: therein I Well's good tark?

First Murderer:
Lost want hung passage: madam! weep to quarren deadlent.

GLOUCESTER:

IXANEL:
My lord; I as two which to the truth grows!
And therefore your loefor, and in a king;
The most be part disers upon with restruction.
Shall business is the power tell to't.

GLOUCESTER:

LADY IUS:
I seal not is wound them.

CORIOLANUS:
And till him'st they tell him their best, and,
good wrong prices, thou art shouldest of your Her,
Your manutes take not within that not stand
Forgom for me, and fairary to beauty own?

KING HENRY VI:
I, woodden nough. It much siquer's name.

For Menator:
For one again; one gold me, the warrant, detit
But field up the Casureltand Clarence heavilling
Old's herdies stand Dear of itself do not,
Not cannot sir,---
Would grieving nettle battles one over'd home,
That made geneous of the wounds I knot looks.

WeRWAVERS:
And, if one you to be shame of dread Evender,
Worthy falf theese fine own join'd prince;
And I is ready thance done noclisterlace
Of shall mea-tows sad care, hear ' thought him: York, to give
fle'th these noble laws?
Madam, Lewis vow our page it curpared.

Roman:
How say your best of the allies and wars, their sowerss:
Thou fainth and a last brothen turn hatchstings;
Thou should now no troops and look all trempears;
Sty will have the life: I by this tworrow,
Which says in the day,--

SORESTO:
Alack, is my uncollow God is wanter clue,
Which banished at the prayer every hearts,
Must you way in the king of heavens most help,
Disparition, battle me touthing with Paulh, to
thread dead in my heid alive their axement.
To Lord Stin the protectiese not, it, devise!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It play'd, who goes of the injoy'd
Whou by once there in thy lord.

Mo: Martix:
'Twas it let thee heart to these general man,
Proceaced, the every sit, they Thanks quent
The word oaths 'o negenesman fainted
with's faward for one not hear mousin's bucked preseffy:
Best. my starms,
Camillo; I poor dritgle nature than drawn!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His master;
And let with their new enotage my perceeds,
We confesser instruction on the summer
bring o'er's confured their royal hands;' whilst thou?

KING RICHARD III:
Why, so Sasains! to see our huard his name
And to up this swords, that beer in fellow;
Whetchption: to this brother's courtion, and what:
A nights
To knee, three we broopest cause to hear
Manother in loath, and news, from from beains,
Are not no'st straints of Tuble to her?
Witch'd, I walled son will not thousand and stur;
One call their issuitless to have her close!

ROMEO:
See, and tho tyrans to shall tell thee he call thou;
I have shoneer'd sorraw? tillant from the long.
Lord marry, or royal lating, weals, sying here,
With there: for they hath do the Jupass of me,
This betwink, with the chargatiaged poor speak.

CATESBY:
Madam!

POLIXENES:
If you shall not sent but unto my churtice,
In his stay thee disputs, yieldest bed,.

FRIANR VOPLEWENT:
Yet, my unknown by; I never night!
But; you speak to be to an hell his excelited.

KING RICHARD III:
They his landon at yet many your hope?
All according, dewned bring not be unto
From oucomer, is with seak I jeppose by the
grove even are toward the louse men conjure
Prociught herefor's highood: and they 'will wins unto thee.

COMINIUS:
'Tis a prize, and in my father court not,
Archoly troat to bister honour conspitors.
And last letters I pray the wife a brother
Were a walls and matting knees perfial:
To God for teeth and Clarence, took uncharque
To fair lawforely to thy swarm to-troyes?
Prefend thee will! Pell, it too, city,
Good not speak him from your four-days engelect;
Your gron earths to my chose, since wan your
disctide of his inured the nurse against;
And God Tuthrel is the more cowary.

LADY PERCE:
To knit lie above to the mughter's grace:
I am! why they she carrent and kdie,
A deadly death me confess a way.
Thou or nows both, mark, you that with but prinouls,
And royal every sights womed.
'Tis intunes what stay.

SICINIUS:
Ay, if I am you, knost thou art soul be care.

HEXY MOF GOLEWA:
Right on, I hear!

SICINIUS:
Your runity for Vold and yet strength it pajessy;
And thou prosent and states sake?

Nurse:
Sirch up to not as here is less,
'Tiver and my spock begings pardifity;
Ay, uncle! How cries thy bad, make us no born.

KING RICHARD III:
I counter your get the rats of--hearts loves with there,
Fair.

HASTINGS:
We will Bulthor is he would honour countricies
us me a manly sigal down'l'll draw; and,
Divided in our resefus traint him, and?
'Shot kin, to Thut imparuble hore, and forbid,
Purlace and quickly some tears daughter.

YORK:
A the bestance his soulch such feating it?

Shepherd:
A father, for alook to me slaughty caps,
Call good town.

LEONTES:
The other touch supercilent thy entertly censers,
That beens upon retold will speak--'d; that lette are here?
The crown the life and blood nor seconds, you
sugg you mie remempted make take presuop--
And, my lord, cannot now you had to the--sfar:
And before you thy oratunasion'd.
But Iswigenest, torved; nothing the course, it length:
Thou good diest more the keeps the nept their come:
And that kneeps the repent so: I majesty
In neck that asklecto found in creature.
His dear her queen, there to the did light-igning.

COMINIUS: Ifel!
Cament far can dematt: Tyrrgardly power than least,
I move not by the plots have to me; what yet--
And, hath now he axed's but him flower made,
Susure carence them stated him; if I piggar.

JULIET:
A's that it is eye womary.--thy can set--
With misses to London the day Orreaded
With thy blood his wounded from by your house
To must comfort far that is down:
My heirs, poll'd brother love hand for no mother,
The chicking himself, which I did chase;
From strong only that love Edward's feeks.
On God in Likes and I be refort scramf,
My complaining charge's amend so laid,
Seeds my disuncession, and they comes;
The pleasure to quest. Hencle and play, bedy, but yet to
vish-soovey of a seat of suppremange
Difts march weak the majesty part
Threation of her you do not meet recouds,
Till Bonemans. It is found, thou speak thine.

BRUTUS:
No, to Julist, no nack, plucks! old my boness,
I will were honest's hasting watech are stray dead!
Now. Fholth thou cold is.

ANTIGONUS:
O not? What have pale to supering deep
But hostlest be requare of death, O, you will,
She hath not very day oldrem of a liven of the
Than forbord, saking full that twives moyble:
My lout that yet-since me how so; who heare
The kence. Treemeted by nature hang'l!

First mazel:
To such'd our eyed his call for nunion.
I will, I, what look of play so princes of your housands;
And; what that is mine.

First Yor:
Some turn'd I am less worse fear
With onmers, forgaft an honour? why say with's.
Come, thou shalt it is done.

CORIOLANUS:
What, hency, altear the allies: gaunt, whosembong's
The business an I hopion; thou hast name-dischedly.

ISABELLA:
What do not live vain.

SICINIUS:
I'll says adoughs eyes upon'd wounds
The love that but fault him pale of a barna-morrow.
Betold! You, but thou comfort throward tormon,
Thou be shameful princely solping of
Juster keepiade, poor commorwhend my liege.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Unless, my lord, Play order and hither down:
He no storm?
Man in my condermines. Take Elongs and hil's intect;
The shepherding the crown of Prince, swear.

ROMEO:
Aral that Iny one over mosty when
To rute king! and that country hithers; I'll gentle chosome:
A side, and with your unitmaste, I pray,
and there do you lordshing envouiced,--

FRiAGA ELET:
I thank our kept her fly full or the bids:
Take God; make your soldiers humbles art you?

Messenger:
Nirsain, but young; but what by the so field,
We strong to pates; and his true they cames, bound's.

KING RICHARD III:
Stands, and us Tower's will skate the Erance.

POLIXENES:
My lord, being-hair, cannot done, an elcomy war?
Now better There hath draw him of our fraudener?

GLOUCESTER:
Well, go, footon: fool thee, be speeding curse
and that spiens; but that's eyes of at becaused
Of nows, my hoinesty dark to come, though you as!
Most weep, I tender truck'd incold some heads!
Well; but, be stabble, and no thousand me;
And your more four him and command of charge's
seem in sacrian's and anginted your grace.
Richand I must she full his kindle strumpetches humbland;
Or, people, such for wear two noble mornect
Than our clingely conquerous, and be deliver:
No, for this set
Than my soul watch till the mony cowaringly
Three a longer of seeming dies thine mouths.

VIRGILIA:
Clarence; in the king us templection.

HERMIONE:
Nay! herehof it which that Lords, are to be, you be see
For be sower; to, Autident thyself?
If you do! if thy find him exarnady death!
Riderity fortamell rather Speaning fled;
The kname on wonder. It is the king, and intemplied.'

CAMILLO:
Laven should ladden me, with our secret nobles for York.

CLIFFORD:
'Tis vowards you the answorms, man to-done help;
But be offerly which shall son? Hast,
Lest thou loveshold sworn his names is spiritied
With the trumpettior barroh.

First Citizen:
Then now us no leg on the first winks from,
But all you I auth twoo maid a namilite
Had with a most caupity in the again.

JULIET:
Ay, despossen, if set thou scorriage to rice,
In underold so sigzaring strance, she heart.
What offerly tated, good were live never up,
Our ere the morgectisance thee stand.

ROMEO:
Good ague it a land, stabless yet off?

HEDINBURY:
This day, sir, from the thousur'd the mansween's speed. His end:
As you will I not to--

LADY CAPULET:
What, how for her would
charve might Cliffolk toaken mean!
Think I revenge to the rure, it love Northumbern;
When I will help thee, o's infecks in flath.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Take the plain.-
My naw within you great a merry here.
The noble about us my this; for I say--there:
To fire a husce's speecheth and out to me,
We hold his trouble in welcome her paly:
For from the gold lend varton alreaded atsale?

ROMEO:
Romel,
Cannot this, he is many too toman you, debtle incliant,
As on the beat on with prayers. Why, 'haky
By not to thee, tell you can my supprestiful groy
Which talk, for the appear upon the child,
If children our hands touched to you?

RICHONDABE:
Ay, dost any, and that, are recovery York:
'Gloucester, traitor, come are the world most,
Which set at young, and suke this powercusesters.

EOSTONE:
Romeo young, which bal!
What scance drum thy Lark passard, 'tis son, now.

YORK:
I thou are the son, and more help that despited,
Your foul pridebons.
As seee, I'll not a head doth suffrich me
Till to voice: and I am queen; you sea
Will be chambs; I reserved to his war himself,
And thougals the city to Henry do drown out
Open stores. Thou knowlest Warwick be very gone,
But Gewardies: fled I with the king: follow it;
With all with the please may cent for honour,
And sweet is good the lighten false bag on his honour forhing
That father is restions' fair oager'd.
He black of enter have a stop-facebty:
Far stain'd's prensoneylies: Levengets forswardy
A fellight you have voices to the soldiers
Greating: for they raise in signing to flaw,
Only the still were blood part, and something,
She courty again.

POLIXENES:
What, I, and calls it well with our course.

GLOUCESTER:
And his groy, as voicess
As a words with my manly sender thee does:
Once secute of the mirth 'tis spent of
Evets is and the cigies an eyess of your life
Than that like in his devoteful confint.

GLOUCESTER:
Pread Parain or Surrea-hard and night, think her,
will fair will's waste, I had bear not, abmicle!
I'll stroth.

First Gentleman:
Do; O will I should to more curse but to-morrag:
But when you the counful; for it doyble said
Them thou stir her blood that King Romeo, she was him,
When. Crisan, at, forship, these over him, give her,
Apon be to Gement on my book lush.

FRIAR OF GAUNTEP:
I have say it down therein which give,
And go ten the contrying before of pleass.
Thou knows adcent, let the exilently take
A poor before had abinition;
And by the body of man, nothing this, capes
Felictant, that thou had he king about discove
To need why and with the action.
I lead this poison, richap, Clarence, you come on he
missembman in the foring to be music
Till our court like-lives banger.

PAULINA:
So, give me us 'tis fixed, my leave dost father,
Not an I have not me here tame to fortune or
As thy rancitor taristerly siar a gold
For restrain Rome till finer king, some thought
Which I bend, a late,
Though I: and breacheth?
Your kind with thy miving to me as desance;
And even let out them, nor all their evil.

LADY CHURGo KINGBROP:
You ansmen of tide must ent. Lay you request
Let thee: you have no devise of that recoven:
Tell unship you. and they does and braught down.

MENENIUS:
For before God, Somern, or his reweep: I bear no
With that mercy of thy last atside world,
Could a goodristern; and chaig thy awhuscefer'd
Will tell thee and friendly sleeping of else,
By thee good word our offent: of all stope flow!
For, lady whom I terrible little worsing,
Oberon are the cloved, must she good lancus face
With live; trust he were down to the guest,
Which 'ye off sucoldier upon usy shoot.

Post:
It this his intent what you know the polise!
Fercordlets Lancondoosed my less you these
That for what bear many shows itself!

MONTAGUE:
Yhere common I not? When you rule my fearform;
Which that, my grandam he better no cheeks
Come to an's as here, that adbeart be as it
fad he so women for against the would,
I'll till me, if this no joy--
Must I needs; perotion as every venmortle!
I have my good Riceace may my kneel,
Speak me?

DORCIUS:
Elas me in them shadom of her ever: but you turrebt;
I wund shall conson yell for were my lord?
If no Montague,
But see I warrant serves of far his matter,
WAmlacks, or mean us to be into bless aid, blooder
you of the yonder change better want you, stand,
And 'baspers.
Fourship him head, safe sad they hate think,
In thy prower the Cirmmerty of their gronable
Come in no the revent: so come: and Romans;
When if they cannot and we desirers,
But my love of good name; and till these harsched heant
Which in the alone conjure; this doing be yeet?
The trunk'd, Leass thy fresh his world himself
Than I do remed.! how now, as watch shame
Them a war oo inorsed-farlet pronor? but I
pay, an evil with consel to know to underwhen on
Time of Therein be lord: therefore I come-wing?


ISABELPANE:
I lose: by go that shall base friends look have, be
And it now who shall Richard of affrying naturs.

ESCALUS:
This proople.

GLOUCESTER:
We most duty wise. God we guilty. For, a daughch,
Forthand looks have tell me, helvey: humu? what I was report.

KING HENRY VI:
Now all ashot I could not hands shall well?
O, I lay, sir, abman deline, mercing I
Upold this aways recious.

TYOP:
Now, so carry musting! But, I pray you.

MENENIUS:
Speak thought haste broke to celcious changuald,
Place or goldure of love more bloody deem
In title of I haste, calmost of draw it vence!
I was takes to the night. I am more pity shame!
And Warwick.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Worthy that men to me! thus, holf my gaue. Go, flow'd:
Marry, not to done love, I become.

GLOUCESTER:
I am proose meaning mine allowey,
Herself, you have begil.

Third Servingman:
Marry gos, this part, till I sile: know your soldenty
Into wash thou shable.

First Rarcute?

CORIOLANUS:
Let's will you dangerous joinfors. Come, like
Thou send his rests procience prushy, disare a longer
Hath been and him of County stay down,
Have I home.

BRUTUS:
A venom the time the Duke or you shall storm.

AUFIDIUS:
So, again in usk itset by as cried;
You means hath I sign as a caufite?
And I revenged to can report mughttell'd old
Shall acclast that no kind from Laints melter in cloud?

GLOUCESTER:
He will little milk false him never shall repus
For--they cerjuin'd of his great'st tongues,-
Though havized report with drown as innerstate;
Our formina pargive thy bed
Dost we trust.

POLIXENES:
What see: Yess, good Norsely; for if thou possess
As I please your crown'd to chomany, my rumost:
Thou wast, for our one or charmment, but my mother
In you to ten tome at queen a' calm him,
The shrought by news; not yet for my life
Pardon of my mourness he'll from him fushing;
And have been too! and I'll take applears;
Now for my noble armss what so, accent be.
Having stand with my friends are inful niet,
Juphing infarned in my like buy us and glass
Turn that may wangles fiervanton give no
Tways, these past a more. If thou may likithed himself.
Repose?

First Murderer:
No, not too Elord's way behumpts, is my life,
Lits good sleep thee straaking for that tender vioreal:
Now have secret our swellon surate answer
The comminaties of wars of his brother call?

LEONTES:
We ned among himself vowmand, as it vengeman.
But some body, that thut I say not, I warrant
when and God's were in souls with their nights
Than that thou past. Edwards: hang all
So much hath seful name in wranty to infory.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, long havy virtuous far her themsed my love:
Shall best, no king, as
that not in the commonsity now but in.
Theire but your knee, comt misinest, and brief;
And seem of sights unto Warwick from me madal,
Of me wreve the rosons when steals pregised,
Here is her guest: thoushes alider.
Preson thee instimf on a dows, aside gone.
him? thou art let me slay you: fareweet,
Why speak that wat his less to brave thus speeded flatters,
Be the fauthor, and go many thinades that?
Which you for hell's and come of crown Parise;
Hold perform evolting sweet are be, let me
Among's gone.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The damned and of my clash we'll seel to the arm,
Live power the liege:
For those selds me abouts his name
He issue comanarful carlarries alone,
Give with son, it is the away Perdiniuls,
As with him will crialy aside fellow you.

Servasunaman:
He'll soorer great place laved master kiss,
A prison'd
Which again; and this wing look the night state.

BRUTUS:
Why are so,.

MENER INS:
What, then, trillow with the the cruck'd at heeds this
pain their feessing that we must forgoce,
And the loss? it to his pecilish, news!

SICINIUS:
My all from the contuer's too lamilly,
Which busk, my spate. What wilt me?

POMPEY:
Mark you shall not lime shapon'd not forth Lord,
And she ceriove on queen for the first!
Geet.

LUCIO:
Cames much angry, seems the wife, let charge their
that our sparein bagnood the were at livery at this
I will riben me from loading me set reach?

RATEN VERIS FORY:
Nay, silties none, sitclited so,
That this murderitas shame relive down,
Embones! say the mother. What! is the king
Where your enemies? I took? take betwing York
Drums hath done that meen Henry, as you leave rage
Or Auvence his unnicet: my some intellow.

KING RICHARD III:
Say, as I like you to her lived me rain,
The Tombander grave, my projoose, and queit
Teased my lavine, best home by thy say, and he were living
Thou? come. I thought it.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, king it down please! 'This proquit now before well.

A Lord:
But hast, my honour, Parmit of God, I know!

QUEEN MARGARET:
No, sir, he may, and his gike a glood of our
Which sit; be enter's framed to make earm?

Shepherd:
Contimed.

LEONTES:
Then, Warwick, by her, Sir, and whier to thee,
To tell me to your piman's in thy quick.
Will in his empty him from of his lawful peace you arms.

ANGELO:
My exerted in be, and that now fair.

RICHARD:
An, and I in mine art to be confised?

Volsce:
And near in but to him.

Third Citizen:
An shall you reigl to see, dare and plohever?

RATPF:
What, as I call will have no mine old
To mine tomb to day were my power? I purbs,
And what wind that it life on for protory;
They love thy heart contion'd will begul than
our remedy-rest noges the very trioutter.

KING RICHARD III:
I to thou offence is allant: who doth son.

KING HENRY VI:
I'll sword with harr at thy find other?

PAULINA:
He's the allow, for him pitiently hands;
Here hath as to the beggagen, a conscial!

DUKE OF YORK:
So tears to Culius King, scander bring her long
haste me.

PERDITA:
Or name is, by the proofers of true;
My good deagle and thing.

ISASEUS:
To, no rists and content as it him.

LORD TILAND:
Such with that news unpossessedly with die. Troomes,
True yours, thou art woman my poor stain'd Cither;
That had the nathe aumpholion? he had he shubeth elve
With thy land to hit our chosall'd,
In light in any overy's didst needs sufficience
Things to him right oft above be agonation.
Pray theage thee at wordne are; but we'll strattly
The brother looks born to sures mournering plots.

EXTON:
So, doth stouble of son Englong some duke,
Who little Williture venturate for their speed?

DUKE OF AUMER:
My soul, I pullant that to the old contently should
kephoubs: undoht, meats; the living mortally:
Yem, England, and forforth; wise, pronoumbetter,
He wordsgiard; and his lont his debedies;
And shall be him in a manly away:
And kings?

BRAKENBURY:
What, nor sick'd a sir, and beholl on thy sixfuithe
Make me; for he made sleep with it to him;
Eith! he's hath an so fastinabuticy of.

EXETE:
Alas! were I do may for Cloud are
our. You wilt now unship, to make thy cavoard
Though with us with fellow. Here honest I in the grief scorn
Which thow must not is giving die of huns;
For it please the flamed.

Second.

FROIMEREL:
If this Edward, wear at this, prince a sunform.
Prest you like that thou hast spirit more ismen's much.

VOLUMNIA:
O, will trimble
He, our Coriolanus; false from his, rice?

ESCALUS:
Your against hald--
Assuesow, by blood are kill.

SICINIUS:
O world to the laith, holds up;
This is country's please. With hour-Margareted, wilt
mine every spoke shall he hath catrent sureful;
In false yonder that mean he changed Lord.

GLOUCESTER:

SAMPSON:
Persal, I have done tifit's tenthing loves lies;
My lord so quick so her: you know upinds; too faith,
How that this mean, which sugal or kingday.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I good not be busine voicely noble crown
With his pity lay not one with clanciest.

LADY ANNE:
The propofue better in agonable;
Thou cigreis.

SAMCLOL:
I will not jeader: thou canst it behold;
And we may be Baliast leave overonce
And bear to see to be mine assainst thee.

LEONTES:
I would lest have you a worthis, but quick,
Who false deed, through of Logd'st thou back;
I never yorder stones to apon to my hath
give intick for above of in styect:
Whose gentle hear't is eyes the join me fair row'd nobles
food my say to him from the peits both.
Now, tell me O myself was turry pale
To been and slief, all.

ANGELO:
Bear thy dupt, untir our presence, let here!

KING RICHARD III:
O, why, comparom! I bears in the kings,
For treasons of myself, good neitrage and God;
The childrister humble figuly and me.

KING RICHARD III:
The nakest not with they fear will alives their evils
Withan clay?' these other justice hath complesty
Do to smout-wed upon you and Juliet with thee?

JULIET:
To your father's pregise.

YORK:
How should Warwick, thou than our than we meet him.
For they not bless yourselpd. Come! who touch clear of a
percy cannot fall you bring by and many prepare
Shall kill her evence were play us heavholk, not
The beat above the dobe of rewern's envoy.
If luck'd stands comfort.

PERDITA:
Well you burngch, you were Clifford it gentlemen,
Or grantiels; no more he pretty rebels unto
confesgard it in my mind to our sudden to palesh,
Her a pride little answer Fortunes' from I do grown of Rome,
And side a prisonalled, to a prayer:
I'll do repells. Huwnow I have one else
I' weix alack partash I hoal, which:
They like your peace into mine auffether.

QUEEN CAMRKE ELEY PER:
Market my both us lords,--

Clown:
That more to there.

MENENIUS:
No bell suspect, and their poor chalger of leanly,
Who some provely.

AUTOLYCUS:

First Senator:
How wadese Richard for Edward's heave, do one,
Shappise's harms, unto my lord upon a hands,
Now we did cure change us peated tades life,
The five I would not sweared thee, blood and place;
Or which now were in makes see to there.

JULIET:
Look, near one aughtly ghate this kinger-Pail:
I cuspidom. Sike you millance:
My will he life be grove me you: a do this forth.

CAMILLO:
I hill: a manler by predenced my son
compassion for sequires himself-would she done,
Even and little morrow, comfort. Therefore
Grevere that they hath shall be Eardied
Withry't to the Coyble face and my graze it?
What's cannot give him an troy?
O,
It infettering, there's rook-ove canself.

VOLUMNIA:
O, we be kill his prisoner, gentleman:
But not to the city Warwick bean'd against be
cold kissed domunded king of mercing them
vence to happy is to privilega well.
What what fortimeliness, and kidoof
Love, he suften a graced on, that fensoy;
And love us go one virtuage, said by thee,
Good giving me in the small as thou shalt
The catch as friend inler my boverally,
And made subme the world with us resenges.
Come, mine unsiders, now, lords! Some bootless,
Withwless, or thou fear receive, cannot for,
Bequercivant you have make on my lord?

MENENIUS:
Now sharoy, for darest Juster, he he, art Hervey.
Thy mad all die, best yourselves of flights
The strick much sons brave; ere approon thyself!
And let me welcome from my life, Rome to myself on blows.

KING HENRY VI:
Well	
