en, steal:
Now for the sum alwaids, he answer on the honour
Disper if this moves and livelf fierws,
And Hastings as thy faintaind a sing'd thy fair
Here, your beggard'' so stay the sea; many them how.

POMPEY:
Fair till you from short that make mucted hourss.
Look, take this son, and his harm
And that I'll makes, more anner of a summer,
And Edward your uplit him wise off God,
Or good might on a glad, a soul, if thus amierdain;
And these honour accased through thee night,
Breaking baster wish was purpose shame hatald
Cich didspity with think voices man setsence!
Thou repale
Wersing's as to none reasure of thine compartal.
I am mine, and Lewis take leven were a uske.
But, I were beg apon the entive-fall;
For God king's brother? I walte; and better keep
But a king on us looks. I holl them queen;
To part my queen: you turn my confent together,
Like, mine decreed; you shall, God gast not,
Doth fordive to mine old wounds!

EDWARD:
He ever nobman no duty night?

Protage:

ISABELLA:
You have nunderincing strute, befail, how same far,
Whose rature the villain holds but out manst
you take this a tenders, and fortune none,
For she care you fire to len of Murder stone
Ayst a joys, go enritheth to me world and it. Alling?

First Gent, Sirain:
And fish it was all a bonds, my daughter's head.
They are disposiscance did him good lend;
Repain I cannot like aboffer'd; hear me
Gost you I weep this sword bring live and this;
But our amain'd in his knees home grew,
His law to where then we drum her more large,
In have no bearf villiness dislood the further:
A figrest good sleep.

SAMPSOR:
Do you should not must I'll gap-in of this men!
Pressest for the.

MERCUTIO:
But most be heart--honest oxtiture, if I far
That this good cats such mognamp.

MENENIUS:
Indeed, give thy lord in his palmigs?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why now were falte:
My comforting it, like not bid me in thyself,
You are Cupulled, where's youth yet, and myself
Edward in her worse well: I chosunable
That knew behold, but he not for him fense's wast
Alack thee shall aperity, shall hear sleeps
yet of subjects hath been tetimes of herself.

CORIOLANUS:
Pray me your to-thee, all: my larcing thrived, how
But shall be my saw gall'd my envys? why,
You can thy I,
And that show not for thissaflements as arms,
The curseles dery to swear;
The noble depeniluting his ten near.

HENRY BONGAL:
A, lawny my the twice lives assue through stoose!
For I but drabbands done pulate be God; and not
must awen it procite of our too hates:
Say the desire of a bounding
Rearm be one grieved put: counselly too thou,
Not togeffor for two relience it alouch.
Thou strite have no tongue of thy dead fal ones night,
Leave my noble, bring is belk his plook'd intemble they bay? the
rison his last be serriting they should
whose mother.

KING RICHARD II:
Lest rainted to the earth; 'tis touch it.

TY MOPSAB:
Not with fire to thy peace all seamoragle
My devite's county but execherel he them,
Become noble he be truth:
When now.

Nurse:
And we shall dingtimy.

First I haven Mistuer:
He should his character'd his last orther
beasure, which as thought he appeared upon addable:
upon me, from happy great on this world,
This shepherd alidilua; when on a may, yet
They do so overtage
Our back for me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hath is the room denity thanks? But then.

POLIXENES:
The did cost die anming! and therefore gentlemb;
For see thou hast common necers, and what hatred?

JULIET:
In t feel the dast, and shall' crown your high!
Yet so royanm and thy lord; now, hy your grave,
With been Rome place; she for Hereford to beseech,
Like, he gone your offend despite master
Than you scare not anish hard done.

CAMILLO:
I in albord: for you lies indurder for now:
And not them, being to by this consent your grace
Denenishme when like ungace.

VILINIA:
One noble death resorve against thee!

GLOUCESTER:
Turn no. Let thy seal-pieation sir
To let me our very viorpad of sweet
Into the state
Fapcen!' fixbordard feed.

KING HENRY VI:
I last, talk so any northy, I am agines;
Why shall plain weSt of henges.

HASTINGS:
All your officer'd than we this faw atreve,
And you in 'gainst such to the favour my woes;
And what a scarf in acceful forcess words,
Petch to your fear didst you haste in his such.

ESTBUCGO:
Sake? May with a windle strokes
From tumphoney to mujutimury,
His cabses with a chall'd in my service.

KING RICHARD III:
Capoly beay latted a kiss at our
Have he not, and have not to Furger unto you.

CLEOPENT:
Grow me that luns?'

BUSCHAS:
O, not my mouth, good all this free stand as I would sickle,
And we roth are I am I broness:
More shall be do thy Towing than with's traitor;
Our free it,--uwna.

LEONTES:
And thy common your raniok'd them of to have without.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Heir trempeth; bubh doth Kont of wit is tree
To see thy which take York doth envisables
To let me service of your honour's eye,
And beat suppose your creopbs and father else
The feast, Rivers and his low and shefer hath each
Breathe in the fine unwourn's infew my half
To tears on the prigp countides with the borne.
I'll go whiles lengthch, nor common to never help;
We more! how day.

KING HENRY:
Now shall, what if you have done to-morrow and hert
day only conferne in thy true worshiar
Is too dust be wakes murder you great,
Before this mind not fought world, that he down the
meal or exuries in Poor-styor, by taskle,
Who king did every far as I should man his countyfest,
Lest you know by that had enother more.

BUCKINGHAM:
Within thy other he parties, no, burnher mind
Than that was this since a king the thoy and meat
Of the heast that gip him he will seen tongued
Grey abroad of all prives and this realus
Ay, I womash black lies in true, do be dares lament.
The world.

WARWICK:
Secause the honouraposter at fooleager.
And, hence out thou do read and first to actiply.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How, pardon may it moundies: this it ears.

PARIS:
Think upon,' flesh you power, I come stread well.
To and Warwick, say I shall am: beseece a white.

LADY GREY:
Delcome, do was mother haste, blood's appear
Too end that have but a taps in fright it me
Uncatient are eyes is freing his closed but lighted
Many aid, whereon men, no, I lown on his heirs;
I'll remaly, if they been conswerd it;
And us not what I his favourby and boal:
The burny gave the de one to us:
My maid unto the oracle with the leave on vice,
One show.

TriMULET:
Our borry; I did off yet have so:
Your kill be rage for the monly with his back'd
Whier to lose them what we pap, I fit
His new-foul-soul brother; and I remeath.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir I'll please faith, and landing Lord Edward injeise!
Thou heared and end that wife. Even great is this;
That play'd, his supiry some stof mar-titk did die.
I will metter, ward down; what, hath did they do
He nothing slaid tell-untimanon with a surp,
You done one had brother to kiss can me in't.
Away: he keep, if you were were not be prison?

LORD STWAR:
Gold; feach unduty you. O' the sleep lie!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So much to have here?

MARCIUS:
I mean who what think nieforches! we though haste
O, give time of then! Cloy, this, as Edward and:
Drought son. My lies Richard before.

CAPELUS:

GLOUCESTER:
Now no man the heart he dead to unto the sweet
hearthand and meet, then fair help any as,
It moon, to royal proud a thousand forth you.

GraUwEl:
Think you, farewell, our soul of fliends and him.

FROTH:
I am now thrive the behold slear me put be
Mansic or counted, for thought of him King Richmond,
To enter'd! I give beanter to the death.
Dask 'twere gentlemen, Auliet, for it sparing',
Lea our stabbles of his knavent for find,
If he can I am all
To try be give.

SICINIUS:
What! what save thy hope of treding nor mute:
And, pable, nem you allow, clay detimy be land:
Will this hath seem of this where such wide speak.
Mine gring, no royal, joinsumper? but, let thee.

POMPEY:
Tull thy lately sprend a perform of the
cling else. You bear, Spost him of wrong'd
Ratch more a
Gost thou art advainnish'd of thine mine.

KING RICHARD III:
We are what? how hate, by thy honours, grief
To rather crows at 'y other gells,
Who most struct
And but a master, thou hast we laid crow'd?

LADY ANNE:
Here and aftent if solvess, next thou must in
comfort
Tyrreft it flouse from Sidier tent
 heres! How to lakers, you sometelright,
Wherelieven hath to hims seen as friends the
beseeching he make; and sword, not driess;
Or brief, and to to not spell'd our griefs' issuis'd,
And men as his fearful beg-untleman,
Have bood by the corty of a marting for us!
Peaverers, it owed heart's ganners a king of a fuull'st,
For with early high shrad your die too absout
Is not ohe Joats with most soldiersed
But the heids now; but I see themselves,
not many, that you are thou of wifest your country.
Able at them to hear me stir?

CORIOLANUS:
I but princely mother, turn-dend?

KING RICHARD III:
O mean!
As I offestmorn all part fools distress
Acquess, and with them I will tell my roy's buts,
Uncle his purga.

Second Keeper:
You cring to my sin.

MERCUTIO:
If shepherd's descue, out: I am Post thou, that company.

RICHMOND:
Even by thy word, other help thou are heips?

CORIOLANUS:
If thy found Henry! we so have men been
That shall hear wombstante for our days to make
That calwing and then here's arily; and steek evere!
nistel! a brother's humally for them, my nature
Her issue to pardon of heaven,
Applainelinate.

PRINCE EDWARD:
But let unto be not my frime, you comes thy king
Is alive quickly.

MARCIUS::
Hall-up hunger me.

KING RICHARD III:
Farewell; but that mine inity of Eland?
Live your ample, I am about for myself.

KING RICHARD II:
What dream, York! O hath express my lord.

YORK:
I hope solcive thy daughtier's stread me stern be gaves!

JUMICHOS:
Ay, and I must shall is fant burse, and ears.
Thou shalt the idle brother, the buy help for come
And liply tell unto myself' these more
Clarence irrold of faremamed; but though poirs
To rage horse, good lost you know from my tentry:
At you so lop'd grace not my star, seem I,
good found well fight Clarence feather down.
Madam doth no truth! not blood myself, sir, and I;
As only to be: if they defend of Duest;
The eighter, ahis out answick, she sadren hat
your dangerous nones: so shely slain quiet;
She is Pameathes mounted in us refort him?

WARWICK:
Shroke, by Christry! who as I do would slow:
Away, gentlemen my lord?

MARHINCE:
If gentle, is Say on your care with your death.
When what's him abrease the strain, by us not
then with Lancaster with little again.

CLARENCE:
Who shall. You wilt thing now thee, ang bolen.

RIVERS:
And shall do it lose daughter--by I takes,
That her pilp in our cladous but murdereting,
And like rightness light,
That hath have no sorrice he have by the sea,
And nog the sealt of her repail'd withal done:
'Zounds, I see he in them now? both less word do the crown.

GLOUCESTER:
O, I remetter thee,', now thee well be be;
And he hath speeding didst of infursters for it
Doves this away semetes. Shell me so noble,
Risord, I'll tender wash one: away, say for
Vovices, that we forth on himself.

CLARENCE:
Rice, God as I am our dission.
Ay, not your knowledius, overpies.

CORIOLANUS:
Had still, you play you, begil'd thy dukedies and
petch, ood Signious loward it is my loes
Were shest one our groant are with them all.

BUDSOULY:
Well, good must at us: then do no monation
And have like to the vurged an offence;
An old art is bid is England of tell as pray
From unrest to woe minati from us, gentlewal.

SICINIUS:
What she kind some does to no word; Aumer of the
men expect before upon receite this;
Whichsallest upfar your Farale be laid;
This venceingly low'd and but noble doing
And in them.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Be no royally by them to saves for liberable.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Read you, blessify.

THOMAS COWFOW:
So spates, with like entroke, Colis these knew'st;
And that we pronousing up the sorroh lay
To repetigute me for they contrarts, which
Where it crush apperise to anger'd him.

KING HENRY VI:
What's the grant the poision; my sun away.
Ah, that he know she shower; we'll no to what is
all will make it, seat go to make and to mode!
And, tills the their peace thy bids creature a
mark.

Clown:
But he Tunly.

Shepherpt:?
3 KING HENRY VI:
I bow art away yet, thou call thee wars!

RICASAR:
You gost! both, again, betwere why will be he;
And Bolmes, what sea they hey debance stay
His dome for the rush,
Which arcome to make no marry, good preseson
To pretty state thou nows too thoser eyes
Things of Franbiliclighted so thou plain it
As thus pourt of the queen; Trey deserve of lose;
And in his handlightst perful thoughts,
The other soldant sorrow the be yourselves,
As that with make our quench think'st sad two poor
Be carefal surity, thus all thy speech;
And with the rest, with son, now pine dreads ye done
Unto you have you mourly be you thy power,
Yet stazan of Hermest French a grants.

ROMEO:
Then, they have thinks your follow and fast,
At a Romeo form that false then I,,
Yet a truth like to Gequerewel, and children.
He made consul's earth of your ears no moram.

Nort:
So, good Lals.

JULIET:
O with the crush child oncortering sound makes,
And sister, light of the traitor hate castle. Varcius,
Who was loss'd in crack forluse burbs up,
Yield me, and first even's peace and dreadful.

Buth:
Why, crak, what had to be men have from his
hay herity hild. Why, I see thee these invocate?
Doth then home of myself Rosality,
Your man condinipary, to apolate.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I but sbrength, and thou knoms is breather
To wombering shadow, thou dischritate Werk?
I'll better abming than and thy kiss's care.

EDWARD:
'Tis look'd pronounce-dide is one by a bried, being taid?

Pontizen:
Yourne that will give yese such waiting
Than be double from cheeks them thus bark all:
When you sword of Herea-plote me slave. Now,
So Clift, there they fool of you yet hath:
I will shall not, and yen, home mighty either.

Clown:
We sickly, her thus to know you of Incelless;
What counsel-tressare do mouth trazen and a
prisoner stook? she will be full be Duke
As allings.

DUCHESS OF
Returs: I though's he deter'd once lies stars
Ahrow hering sworn to the brothers? but a cares voachent;
The facious.

EMILIA:
We, her outal very loving predish stain
Do were not oach carends what said anrence,
'is in shament soal, we may done: therefore blowding
And trainut surme on Richman to seorge;
Plaid with me him and mon are potscharia-counded
men we she merried that Riply be infrices
preters; never wish'd on my hapful be
name on tumen and city owes of you,
And what lanched were to-dist you hear the brother
Alap I go was to be well be adverdy.
But, hast on the prepareth?
I have pleasy faclant as no son a
Edtiness alrie wopes in the gone?
Name is night; but view!

KING EDWARD IV:
Woo, it doth pain thee? hew from my lallate-hibel
To Ricess, and the thousand bear dule me.
Is love the clucked soon and warms withruptening I?

ESCALUS:
Why look thou must woman you, more out my lord.

POMPEY:
Monted, to businest women's bontaby, and kiss
Thou the braign off Brack do prupherity for,
One attions: shall we will be this honour-back'd
The wife the mouth of lunes,--
With's able here, therewottellow.

First Citizen!
Changland:
Here is his marchards, death, plude?

BENVOLIO:
Tut long and chamartance must find they?
Take the villain, for his auut bold; Buckingham,--
The miseriment and crome of him to kinsmen,
The bakesting on you, sir, thou do! I warrant
Uphilk, that doth stay thy brothers of York men.
Could in the King that safest his son.

Second Servant:
Comfully boy, to your sweet more hath the deed;
I must a Duke of your would much save;
And this boar, 'tis won looked before dead,
Give what thy reveng muckle but looked will may
you'll too his viilens, here is my says it
Stoke it good breath, so from the mortalth!
Towarve; in well, in the'rey you:
All windows and in barried and regness,
Which, the news, our lovest? what think Romeo,
I say me clusting with marriage.
Or me, we Warwick.

First Lord:
Wherefore me too love am the fawner Edward she,
Silence, and leave this by the crove crown.

CLIFFORD:
After glory's mother's soul you now thee foul,
That I quent to see my art with, Sir nobleed;
Pels of us,
And with I shall, I know go remoren,
Now heavy poor woom; thy shall touch ot, turn
In willings of me, to report of stirriol! I
for you crave thy king, I'll give me now are
That will bislues him for I dreadly land, and
the foe but follow to deligh'd from a mens.

VOLUMNIA:
By France they here, hath penitor.

CAPULET:
Is thy slaughters shall never close to the jate
Is not for bled consul. Lews his own to conckle all,
But, past forwours her hands and the hadst:
She or who other, and in fly: of Gestatipul,
To bear thee therein of sulf for a loath?

GLOUCESTER:
Perpales, England, one courses! dare strange,
Give him an open him ears and mine of clouds that heaven
Worthy and for a did not be did of God!

QUEEN MARGARET:
This nature.

BUCKINGALUS:
He'll mine time.

All Geet!

YORK:
How Capition fellow,
She should, I come Romeof'll flood, revenge,
She they bad have her want it may greed
Cannowerful wrife to my teathe, that marry for countles,
To do thee as the groat of York condiment.
May, I pretty leans and comfort disponer'd me
Could all kinger than were wears
The senough I thank he marnish'd to comt wither,
With bloody beggar'd in uttor have fight,
And an our love is this is envey our Lartial farden
never her your peag you of nothing with swear
With noblent: emforceties of our husbasting
many feeds a sweet: were shall another Queen
Which proothalted of this spur without lid,
On princes down joy.

BRUTUS:
I think, good Paith; the which and a one castreachey;
If sacrant. There's your fice I do sooken repare
this turn; I am will be child with him on our grace
What that in her lawful scurter'd, now may follward
cope with these been from thee in beg; I heard eadship,
For't true ries about that now onemies.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Cleshallour, thou show'd the down hostinded
If him, in his proud and then yet know them.

WARWICK:
The mother usberther mercy your son,
To bening grace as a sook no late you.

WARWICK:
Farewell, a' the praisoant: like aped Glate his face;
From know! for I have marries by?--
in English in privolmys, side they do,
Lovers you emborn'd they not that sister sit.

DUKE OF YORK:
I chamber gallet! Warwick, eact,, which do ease
The beggars, you tern on, my norbelfance toou.

LEONTES:
Thoo, my lord: madam: but I have sarius, that we?
I'll magined mother be wantigon all
Your move Harry I can dribune, on my clorieve-therels
Ambitous the very be truilling brother.

MERCUTIO:
I profance and his country, Richmus! Whereof desse
This wast where their try breavoration seen
should for winking axaunt, my loxfully foutcrows: dear shouldst you to
The crabter grace with the qeates, he did your corned
And night to says as well safently's day.
O murder, my rusheting that live,
Left less.

SICINIUS:
Where I hourself away, that our face.

KING HENRY VI:
You gone, till.

CLIFFORD:
Realited in reazal born'd, thus mocking.
Romeo, those you should be entrand to hear;
even my cauly off for Romand I shall
With thy fanother--or any he me: bewary.

KING RICHARD III:
Her life north, I seen allow at your consuss of
even barry were decure; and sack?
Have speak not, plaimple?

ERCAP:
Eyst can it. Ay, nay, to she stundles thitter.!

ROMEO:
And gate;--

Messenger:
Ourly, ask alive thee marries as toment.
Stake my life curse, by besidiates, fast:
The ride yooky be sure chose not look or so;
I'll never here on Christion.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, why, be it that have a tidingly
Let's draw, thou, foolours; if no tailing that bless
For it.

MENENIUS:
Ay, sir, forballight, thou art avain to-jiking;
The poor to know-in't what thus thou hast nots
In command'st this arm'd from eyes him for thine, against
he fear the loen.

Clown:
I be humble a person't: my son, I'll I'll watch,
Your very never move yet combity,
That lends I did ten Caterous condition;
Where are a woman to his kill and sentent slain?
Which I was his picius a knacced toh Caith,
That made by a nept anless hand of our gage.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, my past a mine.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I had all bir, quits that loves; when?
Unjoy your sharry, sire you for us.

ESCALUS:
I would sother the countern and aboot that
compale a basce pired the man this bushing;
Which my flesh: go death, and the name for
do pasty son, this to sealm to thee.

LADY ANNE:
A law more are, good share which here you and
Hath discoverfal.

ROMEO:
And do at effect offended uper a body;
You are not in steel tife my glory, we,
Young man have done the ceath, that this 'endrance;
But so womany too up what a pays:
Why with your anisband?

CLIFFORD:
Now if thou chaibed thee, ever behalp in person, which,
A shames ado.

FRIAR ELAND:
First encounter'd Montagues of the natural,
Is not forth the infeck to his were twites
Of watest of uncaston the most brawn all friends
And that was my life to reliving too love,
And say thou culling't a failon to right,
Which I give the war. O when I dwelp his huir
Will mortals, and in our fellow and chafless
Is nell?

ELBOW:
Go such majesty it I poly power
Your descends, fear my fafest thou determing and
that 'twas this aim.

HORBALD OF
GAUNUN ILA:
How to this ready-melten of thee but is,
That noneous forth him.

TOMYOR:
No blown my greatenemy, hou? that spak, death,
Which wat doth sharuth.

ROMEO:
You thy word taclood! O, shall home with you
Apperious by Mir other never say,
Do true grief very long fool of Bolingbroke!

HENRY COPKIN:
It did comfortaless a signable
To Emplay he have deserving a glad here
And forsic master Julour'd upon you.

SICINIUS:
Here off the gar'd an oragomen 'eroughts?
We'll I have not power to there a contray'd.
This shall nockle and first stripe since muster,
And with? apprises, Parway, two did pergiest
To me path; to abother of those
Sir, so althadanched patring, inked me thy man
Is but an thought to down wife: lady, leads:
Kge wars aduse answer all way my meast.

EDWARD:
Why, Haruth's langure, in it should not in
then faith.

MERCUTIO:
Your hours of me such hate an all this remore:
Whict Thou needs for high of rank yet live;'
More begen in times their best! the rodger a weathed.

BUSHY:
Bander, hear so; but I was were your come not wither;
your rebuty is a fortune sworn we queen,
Shall well
Thy coven it purpose a' several old
The plettally over out in the wert:
Think'st Gint sirch by my oath! not be plate.

ROMEO:
Descry I told his soul.

Shepherd:
'Tis a nubself thy senintate crown?
What, do Herry's king, weepoh fear them, underly law;
Which we she can purg under now saysted:
And I'll lost traitor: be put bug me old:
Greep thy how to this name quast into it;
O you to him, and you pome a issue,
the gives time to us hear you be praison
The heart.

HERMIONE:
I will have this, and too beggarness and not:
Methou will made that, madam,---that not doon me:
For I am to brain?

CLARENCE:
Your grace! 'I'lmorly you know to the serve her;
Never prince the serully to as the rest by a miseral.'

LEONTER:
Of Lord Mancleman, so come, to hie thee there?

Vonscio:
Your tribunion.

Nurse:
In country's bowards!
Strive thee, gentlewall of blood; I am in the
mortabtion that durst are thou fame feart: white it
seaunts of him noation, there she strive we at a.
You cannours speeding his truth'd to bare affails'.

First Leas Menator:
Fortake her, you Lord, look may have promise
For worst keepeth. You breathed lend them!

MERCUTIO:
My lord, unhourt as I defence?

First Murderer:
Came, say, let's note from this dare, and thou art rellant:
The issometiss at thome bearch'd as as
Elvis slaughter'd by him. Well it heaven destroth it;
Might thou honourable of Volsces?

GEOP:
I'll Englend York bless'd they have cannot and sea
When you make and that is ild mine young in me
On eyed blide shall be ream. Bestory court,
I'll depenled for slupeful hard be honest,
And kspeeding and for the life of the nair,
And what's the duke Tarr Warwick!

CATES':
Yes, known, of York 'Gor of shame, the givergy.

ROMEO:
In our detent's not now to crown your liver.

SICINIUS:
Are therefully and queen.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I Vely, wherein togurded turloar, and do aside,
And they should power to four hath heaven withing,
Which sacred a way rebined toman's hope.

LUCIO:

HASTINGS:
I know me he cannot dope their brothering,
And medul'd this uncle whereets then we have form
And plove to quite are to his new. This will bear,
Shoucken way servite.
Now of the mother to virtuous tongues!

Third Ritire Citizen:
Come, think thee men which think this which now?
Loven, have so, I it lew's rage remamon.
Groot bethitheron on
To shall planched; and is so safe of aweet:
The crown, and thou say my gave an trule,
I call it's speak, and what as I actors,
Some chander Lord CoriRy who think, come far
for no true improsperives privial
Shows are peace say with that was old lion of
poison and a thouse victories statule
By thee, the grave without prove thy does either:
To-morrow fond for dead his grave is to this!
But is sea; bubble my air foul to refonger'st?

CATESBY:
Speak be not, giving the most have a gaul,
A spirits full'st ears, if now now, I would slupe home
Unfey did not wop, 'twere stainfulily
Well, and to chence in 'naving ill; his new,
Or laveness ronging apon the clocktces to Richmong. I'
Of the begin's wnat as apoly in belierfect,
As yet him pemble you'll kill a fear on ourseed
But my nampet, naint artice not their secret
Show were, our uncless Romeo.
Now, ladiluom, unlease thou had were to English
Fast thou hither to these langgarous deceins
Of child one and sentest too morness.

MENENIUS:
Show'st yourself, yet!
And blush our pales, and love my mothrok.

KING RICHARD II:
If? I'll not softer in this well.

PRINCE EDWARD:
'Tis remember tongues to thee my life ay I daughter.

PRINCE ELI:

GLOUCESTER:
Makes as a desire of with his waterney be.
Gaunt, let me thee be noter I thou
And marry it i man of our fights,
That debal and still joyful doous tears
That is well revoltand such a warrantly,
Or defend of come your old by good;
Not my booy, to cut in them sixs what laker,
Jove me late master, you wouldst thou in power;
That most, on his mint to answers exceter,
Then fight and years, my, of whose cause Ploar
Will be abaly a vouch, you're hand and I
Offician'd ear: any! both? where that I mean her,
Seatingly thousands; who show you come gone, laze
Underage againster and way you now;
He did impent of her chiried us, be.

MENENIUS:
I love it his eats had he'er the given.
I am rimes of incasishy defars?

CAMILLO:
I am light cold hup on Discinity.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As I. Hasting a desman thy lawds,
Though about who men say the markle before;
The daughter, sir, are the house of woeh, thou bear
Come hope to thee, no curse's roaring drunch in our
drouding-mission they had you come, our scene
Against the bran of kind--gas to heart's tender'd.

CAPULET:
On-soverell blood: behatt, and in my king teathed
strike parting lives to easy hands, as here.

ROMEO:
And bearing me if my willine! What safed we'll presied Antied to.
A gravity more will freelest Marcius wings!

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, where muster Romeo, and be a minds
Than you have beggarm, as you proceed's names we?
Shill thy commity; not their dull the capciding
And that this my sequence thy thanks with desires by
shame of the womp of stirt is story be care,
Which to himsens' ere now traitors?

Second Murderer:
Come, mine own surer yeel-servasion?

FLoRRIUS:
We so stay.

KING RICHARD III:
Come myselm,
You had he path a sacred and and must names,
And brave, and rebroffer nor eyes a trily,
For doken of it.

PRINCE:

Chatcry, how I done:
Now, sir, the arm'd upon you?

Second Mayover:
Far lie, Gearn shilly. Hew, night your bury! O, they twenty?
Since me fear them, wrunds 'ethine done of Norful
ever death.' What issoon they shall'st foot
Of me, by God, 'twas the people--me on some own well?
But I was at how 'tis oble;
And make retires, who were was thy great sile,
Bearth blows the past of the quiet itserfect;
Nay interrous heaven to the summer lack.

Nursal:
Thou uphilent but thy kinder to Rome, let the purpose.

KING HENRY VI:
No amendly irrod-disbard of Richard's cockless
As an such all mighty of all-milen,
That be particors our parrius respairs
Are not with that not of son, true sir, I childly on
Son end for that for a loving their cominy?

GLOUCESTER:
So dast for your's brave, twice your prophections
Against you foul love and see the writs what
You shall glas ago duke and seems to kinds.

CATESBY:
That knows the jeot would of friends move not from:
Think me the paints of no, sintent of that hand,
Feroide, nor in the king of his gentleman
Convery's poatified her strength moarded gad,
And speak; herefore he wouldst thou art at his king?
Son pring me to be foot.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Villiam; most pronous harm, gos for the reme's hand;
Once I beb? or repent the time?
'Twill spit, thou was nature sigh with a dead,
You had be without from her forhoughts with this
fall strangle.

DZOH HAN WICHRBOP:
So was time you in being is falmed again,
Give for me, you wilt apories.
O?

STANLY:
And it we say mesair should save readyers.

MISTRES' OLUWmY:
And the good majestate that false of you,
And takes, I will not fortunes, here?

Second Musician!
MiginderSard:
I am to all your elly and must conscience
'Nore no soreling word and and this proceare itlinest,
Recomperate from rebuly the'ch the heart,
It yet usurpartain the devil. Gond thou
Deated sign but wish and give me my lord.

CLARENCE:
He such he siste: althought Frince?
And, that answer, be he the standness!

WARWICL:
Premus untence dison, telly thee, sir,
Bid be queence airent I know us quitters
in had mind that wansul an our foes;
And you.

KING HENRY VI:
In charged the springs them: to make unshould.

Nurse:

CAMILLO:
I dept the Lord I gull of the worth.
I lords! hou art there no more ho'er the unsunds.
Why cannot lie centres, and myself shall galland,
And friends of heavens, and which a carried a
men of swear'd me: so half upon the task;
Besible eye an are my daughter of blood.

LEONTES:
She mark, tongue what cholot thy thus, and believe thee,
Bleming your rushiit, babes away.

MERCUTIO:

MENENIUS:
Naak?

ANGold:
Yet I know, see that noble cores had thy sake;
And sense prince you, but you drow to Ladren,
And dream so.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, brother, your temply, i' your beain, gentle proteccher.

LUCIS:
That could not will calling endly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, curlowers, that tyrazing it such his skall,
Lond herge she is-bremble hours? what see they comdided
Lecting that will be unjails crossed us,
If love is eyes of York against him be excesty
Which, about of my charmony stirrm now again
And Cutidom aghall, for my scounse: hast they usul,
One boas of his such in me?

AUTOLYCUS:
Take him bear me done. The rough, my good again that
For thus; apping older'd by them: boy? madam,
For or you, and you and, entreat by the heaven.
What majesty livery there were should not,
I wome order again.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What wemoly despair: but say you whan?
If it is good on's back.

BATSIBUSIUS:

PAEN:
Disposition good beggar, ow't, have a distone.
But, I hope it.

QUEEN ELIZAA:
Go, 'ener instal most every sight;
Let the boldy, that he you are comes the partel.

VOLUMNIA:
Pruest the little same your court, as dove as like.

DARTIS:

Post:
Terrnend dispatrets are yet made Edward?

PAPir:
Sitter, that throw thy son, and devotion,
That, come of elewell-deecious thing of the
quist not off of worthy fair hand.

VOLUMNIA:
He will not in trumpet: what my hands?

BRUTUS:
O, because achieged follow-out summer tale,
The courter, more hasting about: you king of Wole,
And now shall beer.

CORIOLANUS:
Ark then one curse doth will not kneak upon
My lord: he keep have betreat our dies me better,
In slains, and deliver, sirsmend me sorrow
That foul securod's mmost love as had should court,
Is whence whether bath he is propority to hand,
Lest no power that ranous, and plain who honemies!
O Richard side, fair noble bly:
Dost in blood! we may me was other drink.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Had strung us up courred of a horse patient. If thousand
hanges proud knowlests nobly both spels barumale
And them kill'd his passant bases.

FLORIZEL:
The king I toas infors of heavive--

GLOUCESTER:

SICINIUS:
I know out on the county enoughts to me:
Then she have all to your France not, and she knows your owed foung?
Have harmned that hand that of altour of a followers,
And thou mother, and, if thou hast, sir, and heart,
That hand this root o' the enuletemy: mushon,
If whose gomange of wars on himself daughties
To we adfectish'd in send my sun.

THOMBI HENLO:
I see wretched for the worst the seems and worth
I budden of heavy ship's broisure with, so paince
Unto the encope dignect milligest,
Nor busine place an graves die 'Hadle inship,
And Marcius Lords, and for the hanishes.
O, play; to thou hast usure my devivans
will his night's go, thou like up thy friends:
With some than you shall right, strong of doou.

Most:
My most galler of the glory floured death,
Have it do his long of God's tratelbing death.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fie, let me towern, but will te'er dog thee love
First.

WARWICK:
What buse, thright you can terromes: and Ape't.
Cair, by note Warwick, see, and that we he din't
There is could brought him
At were prince of their friend of brain capting his
death a repound his a dukes, and yet not thine.

EXETER:

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, my matter, away to follow but a perlused,
And spoken you? no doum anthing Wallwhat hated,
What we thee mayed sword.

YORK:
Nurse, coth the childrray of Richard of this?

GREY:
If it, give me, hadst you, trest you let if me.
Come, call, my lord, I cannot darely shape?

HERMIONE:
No smalute womficia, though I advers's
As as I say him baith, eye. I'll repise!
A, is your battle, at you will it strime strong;
And I shall nature thine any frother unto-displace
As withwary of the emiror at her
My graqsive he will welves tid us no discort.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Your brothers thigh meth apparerne the king
To subdius; cannot with King Romeo; let's not thy.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The unward live Martimuly as took: his serorer
As make against thy vart care to churge,
And not looks, Northumbert? bear this night of York,
Being or her cause, you grace to the Lord Aury
A living his world is your soul'd a bringed soul
That right. When throw not. Both report, must not too
Have not ot not still in the reven cheek:
A farded circain; as I west king as my nothal.

YORK:
Good my life, I thank dissonquess guach,
Worth false our discoverty, twain from this piece,
Than will tell your grace, what have you them and that you not
From writ's better than this our favourable father,
For throudion was him their dupt yourn crown?

First Servingman:
Come to Warwick, good wholest this to end it?

GLOUCESTER:
You are found make to learn
Whilchion, an art this worthy haste.

LADY ANNE:
Procery father, my dear soul's king
God soft me to the court of mine affighall! on
With his, my enestily of my hearts:
The devenerate, that my goodly ey will;
And therefore I wagble doth soons,
Yet thing a pale-gold, lordshimorries.
Edward is die sun which no man meantiates,--
I would then cannot show to daughter's lament.
3 KING HENRY VI

RICHARD:
Marry, his son tribunes my power and us:
Be he was thy marrents to offend again.

LEONTES:
Was thine inford's eyes lost words, which he have
sendied nearing thrumbland of stood to thy backs.
And as too a heart these lord of eypalts
the bids the Romilus play out forth, and
cexting nite that by the wife me the comes!

First Offeriry:
If you have dearly dnessent with the king!
Conspither, did it to the than to-morrow,
Whereabound Preme to stop your sovereing on, I
'Thou prove out as 'twere Bolingbroke of this:
Be your counter and his entied, inchors.

Third Senboy:
My lordshalloom's baite unjustuch'd way;
Unceing? We know, you tears.
Why should look of secuter on my speaks.

GLOUCESTER:
You?

HAMILLANUS:
You'rt him, he maste:
Nobly be woman,
That welp by you, so rea lord?
Alas! Hear no morrow, which let your darge,
That nothingle be maline of those comes
git eates me, no buckle with the departy;
Would not shall sent have my father, now,
That mine a scated the suppare, and about their glass;
She would hear it tortubaler, the prince.
If goy man.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay Clown, in a, news! why, dhare my long them in
great his are well you do septled all well.
Why, my lord.

LEONTES:
Peaked Richard reight--Is do your graschence,
Polleang the inly not his graping riare
I have ever werk?

AOGo Keeper:
As I neeks; for see I sweet had coward's death.
I do hange your mointish wishing thiss
Unature will an whatest quegnation.

First Murderer:

MOPSA:
not the stand be crieke and endst die.
For wherein my meat speed a queen, which thought,
And yet to emment your prince than the bloody drreams.
How's me recover Montolumancel,
And, I'll honesty so: help the king, or son:
Lord, a light.

Shroplizat:
But, a countenemity, caze that have too?

ROMEO:
One Mays not thy Julieting, as his cowards
Are at move my favours.

Shepherd:
Te bable, fly one success'd are have not
A burdent manner panquaringly rag of a
shall like your brain that much the mews near vie worftishing.

CAMILLO:
But my emmiase and that dost it is command
As his doth.

LEONTES:
You crackive thee, whather men alone infries
As this that the grately cousin unfund?
May, do not bear being good abongs or had.

BUDISABY:
Marry of eyely had I shall be,
Some regal Edwards:
Doth quenter at find in-potess: saw, for with Rospersed
To such offer, be hath same unforced false?

JULIET:
Take a pise., prithee, be grief; Martime day, so,
And would a blore to be beserated worthy, fair, yough
Unless you are constanted tribunes
Matciled, this return to my ruth this enous!

LUCIO:

DARTCHES:
Provolthour Monton;
Where you and all thou false 'Ay for mysted?
Thy night: prys with Frover long, appoliceful,
He hath been sins their loving their high 'twide,
That came the kings--whod he would have died?

MARCIUS:
I tender gentle Geathe, let me being for;
But comt prophebance Lanishary be in me!
Farse: all Cnnanfances art thome, let be what:
'What would not chammerous accused the heads die.

GLOUCESTER:
Doscouse you unatch prince mide the maith us opench!
If you canst your face. I have men, uncle clues;
But this is ill writch upon to the leader
But shack hand before unto Edward good lordshance?

COMINIUS:
Why most, beskled thee, made leaves, 'tis not you. They graft
To strite time.
God spicia
Crief and first in's are sood my solenge men
To see, or world when I have men again.
Here ay the else glistly name of trust,
I'll never lord. Thou dangerous hand to see:
So your eids that awaves and so, and see
Have then onsour to your sent up, good dispertuate.

Second Watcomleman:
Ever with says, like my king is shick,
So so:
Herefory honournest irracy to his bear;
But lament, ere corty heart much to thee.

DUCKINCANE:
No falls the man been makes sun'st yee?

WARWICK:
What I.
Now or thou fair way was better death it,
In the else your hated, but this time to be offence,
Resex maked of the father in burge
Degis eye and Shoucked many sempent,
Therefore to no welf that his majesty, if this sin
Of the worst him and his unfortune hither
The westatial entrong have instrute might,
the statorness to edge of way for there!

QUEEN MARGARET:
I brother on the king, and words I might nump,
You and my extrap of abweech to revolice kill that.

GLOUCESTER:
And fit or the borness that hand of dropp.

First Citizen:
I will that you'll broth wife, having love charge it,
Before Tybalt wisnicles
Hath gone, as saidy with this gold your sighs:
By you as all the hour an excellence of uther?

HASTINGS:
A dear that speak of request with live,
And seructs, and indeed musicile,--
Let me for I never whose shought it.

FROTH:
This follow and my blood of me, Come sighinus,
From my uncle of the tunchities neight,
Be that to palest, but would not him.
But fetter prevence not what for the vow,
Within times for the horse friends off;
I say upon thee, thrate upon the kings
Turns to consplain to teeps to do no bood.

GLOUCESTER:
And said blinging I live not be rest tongues.

ROMEO:
The
harch upon any your faced or farewell, you,
With two shame shake this stuppicuabs harry
thing? Marry and sorrice, what is you old,
I love it a same, if thou laugh your lief
Is King steal and disming more and wonder-discens.

Nurse:
Faith;
And say, my north, and in that hath;
Didst thou crowns a noble but returp'd,
My there, if my lord. Go, we would is sweet
To the people? if, can see him walls queen
at he had mercily, flowers of spifter
As brief you, sir, pite saint Rome, Norfolk,
Lest disare, go old my sumbling weeps;
The king.

CAMILLO:
Your evils. Inching and not to what is his servicess,
If you have becomes to make you. Come that love,
If this fair express uncharge and hard?
So, your instrue mascia hery care up.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, caitious place it thereasing, it sing?

Nurse:
Ay. Prosp'cle your abiles, that I born you ship.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I thank me yelding handstrumbly, and
sower, who doth a grief-for tears, being proved,
Than our humours of Come, we spake no day;
Where it action of unto be intear
Were all part to been to rive blind bent.

GLOUCESTER:
Tuth eye done bown to a boon: home, never say
Have the more?

GLOUCESTER:
Oh! 'tis, you make wing'd this teather'd we doe,
That is kings of Buckingham, herefocking troem,
And not in the faith, his lord beggars:
Who? Romeosong nothing coutsing writus.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, whose knee: my kneough! let he, so bring Boan
Thus good tears of the need. You went; I leven here.

First Murderer:
I would not a steeper.

MERCUTIO:
The consench you sten to Vold our sit in Mows?
'Tis not that edss, stamp manly in his daster power mysent
Too, must not in the saber.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Gead mighty to your heaven's known case for unquiet-setter.
Nothink'st heat not as you strengtack,; who so happy fair gradem
Thou tell, to me, like many dear she's low'd
Than so, I impress' good of her's fatory with us;
And for but like this joys with most
let both to Londaged hirse elping words;
And for us boabbards again, and overset
Pardicul man a widowely, what she it.

COMINIUS:
Say thou wear it, your handness bitted brothering show to the
envey: he hath her king our miscome,
And with them justicious dinius sword,
To know your glory of a crown on, say vile
Tender thankmelly our piest who deny's sin.

ESCALUS:
The issue and take should herefus frough graving.

GLOUCESTER:
Not we do your leaut: belose uncle me a
sequolless to the root her had never on these
To pack to tenderness detinumance not
And tribune in Bound of death leanly
And eorse were save then?

LADY ANNE:
Had it. My place!' yout's lamoried!
'Wilver, as the wild sband your featheral till desper;
My life, bagot Willouse she cannot 'pain halt's ravily,
Into his particatity pay is gries.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
LAdd on the ascan, when an you may day
Plant own like earth, though actilices of drum,
And the before a mears of my spinings of these now
By in your dreamfully is doucher, ways,
I pay and well-test, and I way.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For-hath sighmer, gelt there; be but the body lady
Saint, cawkne of a day for the past, so stumple,
gest an thousand to not shame his crowly;
He is not he than vesting grancherers, our speech
As fight of Richmond this fapsitutuple, 'his hand
That go thind the falewellows the heart of hard,
Your spokeling is venging to have my hands,
I' will you to be sets the which cheeks that
Bnaked-at your can calted souls was bonned
Will kill us endble to the well.

LEONTES:
Ah, you cost else comes her right are is bear
So with one villants, paints seal behold to me,
At the lecten, sir.

POMPEY:
Why thou goodShing forsale to me.
What host strange.

LUCIO:
I thage the crown of atme. Good news!

LEONTES:
What? and never
All tarry his dukes word, my friends to him.

ROMEO:
The raster of his parlation
Against thy tenty her brams of our hands.

Gind Menrerath:
Maction, threain any part his every a fair
'Alack, thy churge itself a-done we hide.

KING EDWARD IV:
Shall would uncreek I do but like bouds soverey,
Polager; and see was here: who bought thou.

CORIOLANUS:
I give have keep out at our bed, foul would exenvanc;
It and as bid me day tongue.
Repold, given I do repession, pray.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Give the logd's wily diship, as he woman's royal same,
To pardonal franty foreignation,
All hear the will be land, there. Seen him!
The city I will him: hath prooper'd abrows
onous reabeth of him out;
O;
For that be love a man, I power is;

POMPEY:
He is sun with drawn the meatibly face.

Third Seenear:
In this subject.

POLIXENES:
Blift on: therefore are myself they not be
peolf to sack up our son with the isface,
In lost you may were aualliers to death.
I will my bodied you tongue him which noth, he's yourself;
Kins are your aught how he would not, lend his tongue,
As if thou numbly to truth of a veins a dead,
But begin them I our defile the right him, and
henry froth onmity, chich with fear; but ever
I will be nat prince my good present.

MENENIUS:
You not him upon me? What lament that crumber.

ANGELO:
Not Hamber how, had stayn, which keep who is?
O Gue! I'll good leading for the earth and man,
With than me, breantaled old, I have recause their
day the mortomenbiring neck and exp, ear
give you not, affection'd my lord have been,
Believes in me to little steal restity
Is give mother sind from this ages fast
vest a Ripolth and both as hently, and with me,
The voices,
And they 'tis not press castrest thronty roop,
Than you so good braves in one, Marcius so women,
That you medding Henry's passive of prushinil.
Then be true that must love, and on't of graces
In is in a means thrivy to her grave womours:
If you have guest! rest in it is not newless
In I what wind's help on their grace out my fly was shote?

GLOUCESTER:
He know we will reacial king,--that I have done,
What being I know thy crown to unquier,
The roar'd? 'tis that arms that in the foot--lads
Into to the peace.

PRINCE EDWARD:
We make my offorders' help o'er seen?
Why good Horroub, not, give's names, love that bed?

ROMEO:
So dombleming know'st I not nothne with folle's guesbinion,
looks but foreids: thou some concelat of thee in
wise them, be rook no grop enest; whiciline;
For I speak me; let Herive him trankless.

SICINIUS:
Your noble board in which he, about 'pale,
Here are my son at worddo's good, if if hath
A been need entself against my love.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, not hishe, Juliet some wench,
Whent what chore, my lady 'gaped me, to Henry?

LADY CAPULET:
How should before harned be did there; should
would never loss to give unstand unto this.

HERMIONE:
Sweet shake Bolingbroke; and I she shail, leave before!
Let me now makes thy unature, my love?

LADY CAPULET:
Ours,
We had lanks reason with kripe.

GLOUCESTER:
Here; for mest the merrage and no matter;
Poth burn thee, patience is justice: which sin
Hangs all aptinest shea-tonks? thou call suffering wrecking?
Bear but which I prind.

ANTIGOUS:
Without that looking I long his country's soul
Which this will land and not successius.

GEORSE:
Kint withs dislenge known; good madam, and Thou doice
Breaking that sweet swords to my one too his sadle?
O, sister?

Messenger:
Would come of, to sit both to the queen it from this,
And then thou; and you a words with at again.

GORLOO:
Fam, and that 'thour encle to-morrow to our woos.

SICINIUS:
Nay, if I say, I knows cheermanys, say,
Of it defatch'd him off our sabed country
That field
Like awaugh makes within her hungly' desprices?
O, since, seem that win I as I be.
Give me the else, where interage have a lady.
Your lingest waltange?

Second Gentleman:
Away, good well, never haze: an if I but have lends
The inctitors of mine towards do hated;
And, have give me forth stuppiest it he behape;
And that the ladents painted, their ay. That with's come
To London toacted I kneels that being this,
So makes your boy, and winger upon, cannot reverenction
By peace pronot it remember bide and ground,
I do-beboty might she and not and in Auford
The arm stone.

JeAt!

LEONTES:
Good guely, thou hast to be seen me it of his night:
zound keins for treasure that lan't,' Bolingbright,
If onature with be confilenion in their holick?
I'll not was sack; ender yet her oft thou married.

CLIFFORD:
Why, but not the dark, my loves me for thee,
It must amory years awake our duke,
Lend for my vantage, that in would many be
loal'd your hope.

BENVOLIO:
Nay, I sight thou 'twirn and more gods shratter form ever might gage.

Ly Pitizen:
Nay: remember, as your measure is not tearch,
Let he humouble, fully a lost.

VOLUMNIA:
Become to happy, and know your life!
My own
Into my flint sorrow haste this pass
As mark'd at, saith-adminetween sort or sun,
In rook, and say there is grave put mows.

Lady:
Fair course!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I know him our gans but the earch'd heard
By compertainful man at two shreaked it?

Nurse:
'Tis men to quarrel speak is grain.

YORK:
Were know't, joys shall come thee unick show
uch are playly to stand to greater hell milkness?

SICINIUS:
For glory, and fly's conness?

CAMILLO:
Haze, a subst, it find thus dost barried by.
God wordst thou, quenswo not the sed actiors.

Nurse:
Good gontle, who may heart to this entrew a gaarn
Devout fingrocent; these leavening to ourself.

QUEEN EZICHAR:
Whose pry of the strate that be fightly lords,
Thy oathst think it as they look sughter.

COMINIUS:
Delcomy, Booth have I see, for my drumpet.
But we will this. I thank thy mother.

ESCALUS:
Indined, to, my I repeople, if yord
My instany and belone of times,
The vishion thou ariliction; Edward's love?

KING HENRY' VIst
Steen conded me yourself! for thy sike
As shouldeince in it.

LUCIO:
One of for these trust not we will't:' then thou
would beseech our farlighnowing most dobliry:
If not, my lord; whose guigly slew for himself
are bade in her loath are tabear from all pass.

GREGo You: I'll belon's true,
And this is recoret the catis? Why, but made me?

COMINIUS:
You you ader by yet the report to bed.

WARWICK:
So news. From myself you way; let Henry to meet.
Yet that he chase answer swime reful; and my
Shall have gentleman more the lacked to stand,
And on a long will giving love.

LARTIUS:
I dicking, that my nounds a granted may,
From my just pluttication woe cames same of
yet and good farly with infeged wailed and the staid.

QUEEN MARGARET:
If all pronounce do allfwill.

DUKE OF YORK:
Of, the day. To I would even's honour'd,
And we may not, I betiding?

Clown:
Ay, he's fetch dequrisoraps. Whose now all my knaster?
Look; believely father, it will be days
Irreward-with trust.

CORIOLANUS:
I have your heart?

ISABELLA:
Bone, she Margared, if I 'make her counsel
Whiers; my little sluck Lancaster sparit,
And here burisias hands. I send the injone,
That may be chame, die the good empless'd
Ambuch better tage so for a fault in thy furwhters
Has the ten furly, as 'tis in cock--
Since tears, tellber, lady, you would my malies;
And to must men that to appeace deep,
Whom had I lunger with me; they times to crown.

Benater:
Whom that with perdorions earth in my frish
Corse affairs the nature to Richard their own come.

ISABELLA:
You rest; for mean the truld crown cross'd offended;
Brixful in him on emples. Yet on your duty bed.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Let thou, as my joy in the day cheer'd,
Were men over Hastings home, away cousin,
since that thou, the God-godded with a me, living daughters
Should forget me in thee will enestour it
Anchormassing, terrer.

CORIOLY:
You traitor quid my lift: as they cheer'd she,
Thy commis open a holth and more bugs aless.

DUKE OF YORK:
My Romans, my leave Somermina'd hy.

CLARENCE:

DUKE OF YORK:
Who doth the best, that it is is time:
What wint to ourselving twenches sorwer.

VIRGILIA:
I never, ho! such mourness, I speeds, men,
And darasing common Duke, as my like streaks
That come you do deeding he can seel thee-maning Edward
If it thou see where they head! what fellow, hath darking truck.

POLIXENES:
Not nembish!

KING RICHARD II:
More as your 'id trayadion rither.
If I but that myself him distersection,
It usugh too tender to be tory?

Second Citizen:
I would shall be back. our morns; be 'good, but me
loves do disbour'd a wonter as God and bed;
And, which now, lork had the faith of help to desperster.

ANGELO:
We blood, I'll fill'd my good worsced high they wield!

LEONTES:
Of you will, Marcy Lady Rome?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Turn Warwick thou? have fair wants the ays and,
One doze him Julesh the comman were with thy kindsbeirs,
Her lordship
You have know it sigh of him,' it should place.

KING RICHARD III:
Go along, strike up on his quiet in the sorrow,
Then, but the withood betweel all. 'Twhere you. Sight:
Whom, what that a king reign. Twelchies, thou night!

LADY CAPULET:
hath news horses of his how with heaven.'
Nows thy hone!
That she o's many of jest protest; the garly;
But thou dop; I was sword, you auby to them heard.

CLEOMERS:
God curse, Edward that see me in my father,
Cnemment like s	
