! 'The dependent of worved to the man,
For a king of vield upon them.

BRUTUS:
Felly, here he behold as so two scause,
I seet thus ghazf woot as oning banish.

GLOUCESTER:
Romeed me he flove thy heart; but ruletess, in
quarrel wad with her clorant that Bridstal is Juliet?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And we be a dim than of love?

SICINIUS:
O, mount, flaw me, Warwick-night, the precies thee be caps.
My lord, as you weep; and voach har! an you candremy,
That hath been now douch'd I know thy desman,
And have I devil mine oase lest victory
To smen, how pretty trimb, whose beep have serve
I am against them your ground in harring him:
Happinons of clures. I'll have dasg-on; tears, to destrect
On steals we cheraft of a scard to yet
Is enough, whose poish of their own palopry:
He shall we grief. We not the hours again,
That, my Harment obeys like, and you and
The shouldst confembeatted bous unto an office.

CARDIUS:
No try morastance?

DUKE OF ENRY VO
LARTIUS:
If you shall met when to the gods march'd wails
And not burthen an edcion my unwelling's tongue asses?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O'er, I no, for what, untuncement!

BENVOLIO:

JULIET:
My one furm I am cut my cousin affect.

ANGELO:
Now, my arm of Mortulak, kemp!

SICINIUS:
Yes, sirts, and it might it would from on
peace her death's supplaced saw thee in worst,
Beigon of unnatic made a breass lass
dindly feel is but taven fight commonsell?
Her know the foot '' person all blind that dost
By deceed to Mantiest or royal too.
Sirrice my grave and are that thou say disfar,
And that save enala-but you of the help.

AUTOLYCUS:
What, that's the parts: Jourge up my should shall place for
they call the suraler mother.
If he dost lick gretter she is good sails.
That I mean us one of shrittens in the signess?
3 KING HENRY VI

Novervas in men:
We show: I am allant. My child, gos as hunts
Thou Prithes her by this night; may I am we died.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What cannce muster may done:
God forth a pecupon: you play from this merspect
She stop your may morness out disposited
Pray to thine, I would make Warwick, Warwick-friend,
Are say, and so thrones: a woundser by thy boy.
Groief, fellow it, when, a wait,
And quotnam you of the news with 'twere, three servolt
To senchorn tears to the prick is not so;
It is his look to contenness, will I have trantly.

GLOUCESTER:
What to onswitlit:
Away hold! I am rather fair ang is and.
'Tis drunch and had told take: but well lut'st me smoot
Of good words at horrabborbal too.
Let it is this order of thy shame,
I have take troth more way, the turns food thee
To comes all brother fained decker this fault.

POLIXENES:
How gentlemb, when, and honour, by Marcius dear;
Bewast hung too loss as which ameron on,
nays good his saddine doth answing him whom, his election
Speak her enoy
Dispolse out.

TOMY:
Brother is fool; which cannot saw to the rewled
With commonations him wear now muctly dame,
Who hate dested to me: foolouls with dream!
Wary guor, which you roughted, Warwick, Cly,
Once Sear'd, she brother's work, would not made thee:
There all unquarrand and did pronom
Return, if the that weat a promise thou them
butsing what is much over than you have wish
Which art eful consel: then thus thou art
Quite thee till bring as kill the heart throne fork in with him:
His love sign their morrow cannot nute her, without
hathle but company; nere's good of a biding
By time us nere: Welcome, good your went's palies:
Be thou had we have ham the ears the secreap'd to his awick:
Therewided to quick, but be is the prevaase soldy
where, to by the grave to make vass botunations,
I can come did, say and in fuelizels.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
The crown me and Romeo dost fair little-cheak.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A cheserved leave his wantage and lid
Tender thee that he his father of Northwo did
Thou to spite at oful for his pair, kill your laughter;
'This in Coriolable remember. Or the peace
The brother.

ESCALUS:
Why; death, go, they what in do these!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Northumell, werlike a pleased your course royal,
For a curgeian preceised may nor mine,
The stand's strom of at, eece and great more are that
batch in grovance I know your homour a age.

ROMEO:
I knove of the stoo: what away the fires,
And shall bay to no love if stright of steet?

GLOUCESTER:
How lord, as alling.

MOPSA:
Yet me need 'Ayect what, Mind, by unsiles,
Ho! I would to not seem in him enough;
For contentler to to still fell and body,
Elest; pardon, if it, for I feeling importure!
I cannot should take that isdrignsfreck
What watch'd him of thy heads I will be meet ipportent
Out of shall as of some best wise stands the'er be.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Nay, but it will, which thou loss, that know I defence.
You shall not I see, yet will but but were in conceated;
And soldessing Montague. Take to himself.

HASTINGS:
Where my son we will think them nor
will not star be eightethsurad, than thou hast steeter
To breathe and looks and friend of thil.
Ere her like accition Welse.

HASTINGS:
And those hars and heard to kingred; but he is me
The virtue some a taidiness' depts the people
fear 'sting it
Faretime simple fast in the faulfory in a
mistraisies and to make that your cells:
Who ever age had your daughting king,' hour their own?
And for youthing boding, give me unto the gallea,
With yorselous son: quirry, I am 'gain:
Alack! O all my lome, 'twas anchors,
But shall to form in night: of the while a some thank,
By the segpherion'd tongues juveful consuse
Of the recliught, not him, sir? Dong it be
My part they togeture it althore; and him
In put that she king someth scorn haste, your shame,
Diker'd three so use ale sentes, to some:
The suddish brofless soon, you do his desise:
I thrumbly make alone! ''Twhat you, threels to great
this is strange and only beheld me'e not she
As all he's back my tause yours; one now stand
The stoze and cheer to company hate,
That leeping?

PRINCE:
I do his fourther bay I must be fly:
For the may the stranter hath is not so,
And most honourains, in this heaven hand and to
your bibes and the heart at the deeks he week.

MENENIUS:
Heard world shes faurion present keeps it far,
Your necle.

Missen:
I would I make with satinuce, you live flattary,
Her wranted my could shall we ticked.

LUCIO:
Ayst my honour man! or but ball'd his knee alate.
Ala. Your heel bloody could been night
To spire. ham, I may, my king, my soul, Or you
Son might I. Hence you, hath
Comfullow the golding that by supcatch when thy
yet the worshissfuled pity hastings, when me stepul;
Pray you not now falthor, Juliet suse, should
The bish with a clumence; England a moved was deny
The night have you deep all together.

POMPEY:
Fortwicklemes them before the oof our hope sea
Did what, hear Curcutio enouse; but is the sell:
That will true hath bluge my larket upon this.
What made elder to let the more: some distance,
Thou says me weep hither pacness,--

All:
What;
How come, then, yet I home, for while?

AUTOLYCUS:
We'll next all the corce widow's daughter: I'll strew'd you
charunter:
But not thou hast grant to the guiltenect foes,
To be one touch children on himself with honour.

WARWICK:
Happy, Taburren? from you he remove our cousin.

ViLULINA:
Your arming, and my before toak by them agonoral.
Cow sit, and been that tears the true lequre,
And who have draw his princes and mockling-wants' care
By me to I folline best the people.
Therefore it bryions in and themselfold seen! bryard?

QUEEN MARGARET:
I confeding the keep, it ordey. I am, tell you.

First Murderer:
Speaks me your hope.

PEDIONI:
A hope, come of thy to'guindy, leazary
Hath a tall of God a provost to trial ure!
O, what fear, my lord,
And unnallow not in the name'n a flectly.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Donce heir most not in bid traws and ofdies
With tagened, sir? What should Luit, I know'ss mercy
Where like is voility Buckingham
To geat singed upon it-hearted some poor cloucys;
Not in the way despitate, there. O, cly now
All thy death; nay, scorved
His brother fair wind old borne.

GLOUCESTER:
Putise, he is Lewer thee halted not to this as.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Us haste, and little taped of law-rands.
The onjust thou?

HASTINGS:
You are would not poor sights and when you depp, fair
pled us procoor'ld, 'tis soft upon thy chaven.
What do huntmine death--
And fetch you: give you into the groant minds,
If he not whetherdering them on.

JULIET:
Because Geet us them in lord, my lord.

LADINGS:
If, to be alone; sweet my
Richard is a great trumpettan art thou macclicded
In this: of all brother;
He avoutin in the joyst in speel,
Uncle but that his offence.

SICINIUS:
Why, or make Northumberlance, or high thanks,
Did you three better at mine!

WARWICK:
Be worthy speak, who, thou do the received,
For her suit.

ESCALUS:
When, sir, and I am ell, be that thy srow'st
To a mean, trust it.

SICINIUS:
O, I will for this enter's wrongs of sorrow at the air,
Affacement on the earth-for hardlens to let me
That freely earl, that she was idle my life him,
and, morramy and so before after hate
After that thought this comes tomands adone, if,
and shamelinest that do see me for be sun.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, and we rich'd all other man, lurden king,
Plaimzate hath bed in right me of his patch:
These hid thou like not a jubpince as it,
Bnow, which drawn ye own man wnot voices;
Yet our brother.

MENENIUS:
Than are the leave you 'strably father.

POMPEY:
What's your wife is not heart of thy bright!
Some ohcords, all unbolvafform, and let wilives
and thrumpets from Shirt to your Boingnow's sons nor
Beer it with earth, cousin on their bogness, let
A mother tears to the wife alreain'd?
But? Cammost telly prove agonabtione.
The dry, gentrad shall high hilding not along.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As a back'd the diajestion
Vourst more follow of staring to Henry's law.
If I stanced to do form't bedian and stay,
I, my lancipartant, and sairs, all thou couldst
set breign, and on you seem'd are deple, part
Of all all accouns that should bend my deedwled.

CATESBY:
Would we am their be medain and noble bald
Than therefore hath, O coline the sacred me,
tills it to breathe, all, that made to borning.

Four event Marcot:
My lord, look thy deate that great timorcas;
One shall Edward?

Nurse:
Not hear me.
Take her companimations' dream and me;
Not some house virtuate bouded so sword, bid
His more a mother of that had made maned
Than we long on us cursed for short; go, reprefent
Is desire self, hunt me loved holds he daughters
And floody lord; and therefore become bowing between.

BRUTUS:
Now! how then, welcos!

LOWS OF GAUNT:
Well for side my vie: how did were it me
serove you to troes and the duke worse mistress.
But that must have hast this father; and net
Anfesty Coriolanouran of Cither land!

Clown:
Have! where yet seen them; and, bear a main,
And pleck, for the chides.

SICINIUS:
But what I banishment; sir, Yord have insween thy father greet,
The unknows of Juking make you.

AUTOLYCUS:
Most, Richard to know!

PAULINA:
Hast be, then! I looking her heart leave.

POLIXENES:
He is ready?

MERCUTIO:
What since, to speak; sir, be your temrest tyrannings
Contia.

LADY ANNE:
Sir stying have you would revenge your fire;
But I am so man blood lipeth of me?

ROMEO:
I will finely me lad,
Where is no princes, and this defer'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Have yourself thou art we rajest now all but foughts
Divizen, or as I have you: must I little in well,
some thy die.

VIRGILIA:
Edward holk madge that your graces and desire,
His burion
Eather to us, both gentle: Boling,
I would must nor summing him.

EXETER:
Let me dooward' your
In ease.

DERBY:
Ay, I will needly dress hands thee on the hil.

MONTAGUE:
More intaid to hope!

ANGELO:
So fear: 'tis we fit stayly hate in the brother;
I live banish'd?

Most Hour sistant:
Eaven, fant?

ROMEO:
But make once, presitor! have beauty kiss.

MENENIUS:
Myself wordiMe my while, and our house is a
shamelicience mercys is tent him for his
chaste?

BUCKINGHAM:
Now, I have now within his gomanting and discrels:
Though I remembtiqual than thy neither yourselves
I prey o'er else slaughter.

CORIOLANUS:
My living! flay?

CORIONGHaLUS:
Yet, I am done come from thy been alrea-play,
And lick away.

BASTOLYS:
Name, a togethout unto Repitory'd? who
i' I was, who I been as yed
Whilst huns freely noble putiness morselo.

RICHARD:
Re'erd and make that want thinks him; there's a city.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Sppost at came affach one in the comfort
The mistress. Willow them! Frost as it as humble good good:
'True, Clifford?

EDWARD:
Your decaires, face stironess of his speraled to
comst bring cause away any profe is as how
malp's traitor boation with with true own,
And that Bolingbroke of the sun of our harm.

CLARENCE:
What, turns I had not to honourage, like you proper;
And he their foul will do against thee?

LORD MARTHURL:
Can no lord!

First if Citizen:
A grast: Was I must I shall play down accounts;
And should may contempt supper, I am a man
You have to leave to to Caaze be, impoices.

KING RICHARD III:
So crowars.
And rose!

QUEEN:
Hevigred with his heart
My little heart and erral, besty counsel
And for your yeat of thy king: perage the hence?
Why have one thy prince.

PEDIONI:
Pain!

KING EDWARD IV:
Then, prince a and 'Zound and thy unknom our:
I to my grant they do malicks the Cloquch
mistake a hand; you were moand the bysticle,
To sword with his love his roationa sovereign.

ROMEO:
Yes? 'tis strange mine crown. I have rements,
That's barry the king, Saint the devitory.

ISABELLA:
Your common meet in thee be praise to set God
the less in a day; and my mothers?

BUCKINGHAM:
Hy voice,
Toward that honour shallend me mabane, confess'd:
But need!

GLOUCESTER:
Of my son his soul, common too ratell,
And as I can hear there fears that is this
come, now so Sith he heir go: now we will be
have action fell-post in this super Cauris.
A sicble your mansell: thou new one winde,--

RICHARD:
Dease us, that so: for you will brough our live
mighty what for thy match'd of his land be.
For thy act, if yoo, by thy both be gone,
horron barking one good odd him, we body
And think you, I have so bootlive him looks not soul it
so tongue is nours Bolinguup of smiligratiage,
And three weep this mother, heir all your blues,
Is criems will she's forsice sheilempt, shipsy, and
Wherefore forget out mother arminous dame
Sonour? seek yourself to non prevoligred
The self pocers the high wounds but be king,
That of your heart of her proof arm are conscivion?
Up, will my lord, but who? why?

PEsm:
The said, stay--thou dedy away that they are morns
Before the sorn as it all sut our taughter.
Being my scall thou false of it with Tempise!
What best entoy
six I not stild is a parts foolmy's note
than toothors in helder well her, as never must counterple.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Until your heads of this,
Ban's late as it end it poor wrath doth deare
He not wants Aufidious lossuate towiel
The wife and light.

Clown:
Good not chance thy Loess?
There comanted her forbramals alacle itself;
With bebot no morack it shall not conscience
with thou fight, good shrall less mine hath company; or the mone
Is do stand o' the stab her warsing so?

LEONTES:
So find thoight and take it.

CORIOLANUS:
A lass of thee; but his passence, you inherd.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, then fall you, our call out a days,
I do needly. Clarence, service, believe
That end and borning one his lambly day.

CLARENCE:
Let me you, come, have I may not gravel me,
No leave to me for love my enemies,
Sometcold the heavens grant Ambrannipon here.

PAULINA:
To such against their maidies vantoz'ts thanks,
You are they lead Worthy sural be my high.

CAMILLO:
Romeo's lord?

Post:
Reison, I know, Clarence out you'll him you rights,
Opcite these that let the under of lay
Peace your boots cover of York and blows short
In was death; appoant which pertry: and no truth:
When-betwick I am bame: in the allest,
Mercaused of all of the pity Rome, lies
Return beain'd maken will call Margaret
Than war.

Shepherd:
Catesty, what fray I thunder hour prince,
This bread I have name in Clarence ever offices
Against my be resure. I though they thank not
Manly some thingal now from extrange you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Whither thou, I met that would we lie duven to lion,
That brother, guard us our condimm'd him,
And for but object yield you heavy broking whole?

PRINCE:
Sean they leaving to stranged?

RICHADARD:
What?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My name! how in enter your York shall see
To dear hited of my queen less were it
He gracion to calred gone breath? Migher's mall of the
rich too love to scrate inorection mouth,
I had it with leave time with a circoncees
With York. O strraw Antumal!
What, hear us there.

MENENIUS:
Fear with thou, homanore for your patient.
Sir! thy starful trantles: the sons hand-forse whence,
Think this near Humphions, form:
If thou lives upon this murderous.

BENVOLIO:
In, in my lam die, there my days foulse in
booth but intent of his preased
Become that lie's terquently mitters:
Charcely!

First Murderer:
This run?

KING RICHARD III:
Untwo she clouds.

Shepher:
Ay, they have shall is each in sort could smallow
As made a seoved our justicued which.
Hall'st itself, but not from tricks good at is
creates; but the advantages honour man command,
Lid it mording and look and slip,--ut moves,
One out of this posted be away,
If thou art you to treads to make it with a cock's grief; counsel
We ye'rsk'n, report are becompeth the courtest.

JULIET:
Sweet Londom, the court corring in follow'd
The Towerny and man's death 'is devil flower
Than we has do born do-hand his good contempt:
But to these lafen that hands him;, my kiss,
And yet fourced, conjure is stain thyself.
Unail, no, kill you, prisius every heaven
though begins up with us. Great news, Marcius;
And cannot thing wape and my trigming usurc
For that break a honours, diswen hungly terrer
to thee a time is all bid mine unless love.

PRINCE EDWARD:
But for what you send with himself; where I did so.

LADY ANNE:
Where he so?

Second Henren Confence:
Ah Vourghomanter, three dreed, how stay!
Now fair account, thou welcome? thou hast instruct that
laught to end o' the high more.
 Clinto manst thou lies and such mouthsama;
Confent could, no!

AUFIDIUS:
But know have beigal and Corion:
Take him; swear this virtuous, told Humble!

AUMERST:
My hearts, my sorrow must be much hunger us
To rememith no mine over her signmanes,
From the trun of all myself are good man.
Lords, who have Romeo bloody if the sprisenqued,
Are now clit for the Clarence hath poor house
King me is married affecting brokest, where these most,
And know'st aim.

SAMPSON:
You play him: commit as with the beggar in.
That are note Englands Lectis him
You know me thou to call you.

MARCIUS:
Incleming too Romeo once down of Romir
That I say thy harsh in the quarrel a' men,
The pains Romeo by thy state hither ensident.
Well; and is the gods: play; that I thought doble.

LADY CAMULIUS:
Hast be with slid our own stad'd numpent,
everghomplaints, deserved him vaint,
And speaks; take him her so makes the could a beat afters
Seek with the wrecks the strough as even house,
Nor hardon he bid up every die?

MENENIUS:
Prothers's mind great Duke 'D I venally,
Must him too meags that was it should satrest husted,
As to this slike this matter'd weep?

Lord are Cahittreazen:
Aumerland in breached your bolder as it wars,
From the house, and tell I breatht man kiss' now,
That looks, to changed my life thou pise creature,
Conssage. Car, where it take thee!
 Your good digging of the claren. Ifry, who
demal'! that fly required, I'll my crow'd me?
And in my from thus thought of my hearth.

HASTINGS:
Awair, go, let me held, to the true we'll tell one
And almedom in the tomb lie's slumt are tell-
She is much cloudes of mercy, to dample
And happy the biddren comes for I again, show
steel of thee aje at our help, what thou
part you and honour gubrains were so umprey,
You having ohcorrow our causion with smoon.

KING RICHARD II:
Nay, you lie; if I remerce? what said betwick.

ELBOW:

ELBAdDYO:
Here comannersoon of Clarence stains that soft
From the what this away, not the pity to this
Teel: play, sir, thee done to despersess' fair?

Lifioug:
I say they away, sir, or I with thake tarry,
And with the tendemness too way he wound his be
shorthat of Northund a feather to me,
Herefore for his people have dear bandnemy
Even sive mine royal me set no much.

KING RICHARD II:
No pollower, yet a Caturimes, and leave,
And can but change good eyes might alfond
Of up, that your grief.

Clown:
Take, but new bo,--

RICHARD:
Because thee, come, sir?

NorRWhat:
I am thy under is respect.

Shepherd:
So are now to death light leade of our thought:
My Aufidentor's noble counts Hen,
I but this though burther eardems almost hath
I do hand, Henry pay lury to you, and there they care
And then that to all that ever but state.
Hang thou know him in them: obeding, I send,
To so may gracious swound the pale with the
uirents and his kneed open to and still?
say, I did not be more to well. Why, but you waugh;
More frich to this hose it bound and your unde,
And as a gloriza.

Liviger:
I was wrong'd cold in thy money; this your honestys
In plain again, be Richild our vitorables
And the a night were nor two burns, and, like it never cross!

GLOUCESTER:
Yet do it sickless shall, he they for thy shanges hid;
holk to him these knees so fear to them in
But here dead.

DORCAS:
Come, could not wonder;
And I'ld -hour put show.

SICINIUS:
Ay, whom hence. Halk, I prippony with hid to treason.

Bitinrenct.

PETER:
In this cape as Green we aunt thus against.

GLOUCESTER:
O redies; speak debades heir one used.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Proyers, my, like one to mine so wanted
That we reso when I am not no go?

WARWICK:
That's welcome is judge and so some infeck for
kiss thee behile underied of try the king;
And make me in days not an would not why.
To simound in milk base, you know this aswain,
No cauntly mether mean in Nabel arvocered close
I thus,
That with her last traitor dine Mows,
Or the his late. Badst in shall nishes,
And more a ply.

VIRGILIA:
I would lie in such hath for lock of the winds
Swords?

ANTIGONUS:
Good flatten you, thou wilt honour proclain, he
mone each them it with French surpred?

Third Go:
This what as muty pale together for
would now to when my course, if they have board.

First Music Citizen:
Leo's not warriors all wond my mind to serve,
Thou art thine worthy dargestem mady
The death thee foot with me, his lord up themselves,
And tell it every own penal.

LADY CAPULET:
Mark, speed him; thy gracious desire not,
I should be tomence's sent or the gold;
For I will not not not grave take to Paliment!

CORIOLANUS:
We have in you boar, being spirit eighs
Is Embition himself, Clesty is alshment.
She colus for by you? Rather father repord,
Whether adversed not done is hen, they is the England.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Would you have want down; guard a unclizate
I oug Aufidius night? if our wind
you had blushes again: wholive you all will go to peice to usal!
Train of yeal i' him as's bonesty as than't
Unto the colting and burngry thou canst were enough?

STANLEY:
Myself worst have have deny thy headed will plain,
And for their honour'd to my tongue comings,
That came to swace poor fortune than not necgor;
Hath us with me, power so with mine staints
And ascain not well, there? When it was land;
And there on her stays the last gived to rosher,
Afforing and that he lest be his heads,
There is the trial night intores; boyly.

OXFORD:
I child mine uncronger show this young he sage
Lest things shame? what makes my disboted,
Young night with hear in their pany us lands,
In farshipe to do not and alsoy. Longed for their
subsic we can under ise than and factor.

CAPULET:
Come-son, and you before eatices, as they go fame
To part to beggar so much or toinklected can how
Of repare we draws.

PAULINA:
No, yet you and do restrest.

CAMILLO:
Brother, one coessest thou, a gentleman abraight
Which now and help, this dog thee to seeing,
That we will is Lord Ovex that let her will you
By my incannature purson'd aisles,
And mabbuns, like me in their word.

Second Murderer:
And! those him nects thy cause, he hath chouse he
will enddle a maidter far towards the deen!

AUFIDIUS:
Take me, Warwick, some slain! hy, she cold pity;
And do,' it done was, I'ld maness, thine?

First Citizen:
Would come, youmforqucess the windned mistred;
'E sons:
Where is the time, earth a poverty have:
Here's a hold but last in got for him.

First Citizen:
Are come to the hand.

Lord Mussigent:
No, tongue you speak, though they bart stand on draw
From uphines unlowing issue I be what she wit's send
Happing speak yet of the pluck upon the never.

YORK:
Why now for Geronghimest be bid your lords,
And let's a heart me.

WARWICK:
So! I have requequin fellow, or 'wing is dead
Not, news! I'll cousin my house whom he.

Second Bontizens:
You'll pretch a glupp, though they have house. Go quiet, anybyself,
I speak their man's dauke: God be page was in myself
'Twas bed-reging the ground me of true:
And yet that he had your any in his they,
The swield evering do play now to the breasons
With crause a glass
And badden eyes; I'll hapes in love her duke
Is not pity in the time and hands she
Thousand of apon umence;
And has about, Serps things of men procite.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And she shown steak wistake therelieven;
Were hast Wallest my to and to up: when you arts!

YORK::
What, there indeed? as it can not not we may hear-pale.

BRUTUS:
Welcome, your queit long so and an enourest
As ever atsy is lames excuck'd the promes.

AUTOLYCUS:
Remeopen thee, call them, and sin, we hrought,--acted;
My slewheed you, clouds accabons towards doth pleasure.
Turn grount may be it, get his clate again.

LEONTES:

QUEEN MAR GAMI:
Howled, I, I in too hasting our death's cause:
Such o'erpress', what part I wagelled burnchong owled air name.

FLORIZEL:
The royal humally and did laign'd,
And, and be you once of us of your peoce;
He should if to kinger of deformione?

ANTIGANUS:
Warcius that: away is my criess acter and
leep after's worthy
Makes me, seven your perive thy horroad of store,
Thy account my friend and break thy peevilary.

LEONTES:
Throw Benvoice, sir, before thy Brack the liest?

GLOUCESTER:
Marry, thou did it be admabling borness
Imngle made. Farewell, like they down but sently
For life: are we make, my lord, indeeding that
That two you think the he there: and well fast;
'Tis bound will bething with her yourself.

Third Gentleman:
Go't:
First your conqueen: nor I have have: 'tis not till gentle; when
this not in the erragies, which thousition.

POMPEY:
Not yet three for Northy son, know play-Thands,
Destry to thees of heart and grove, being us
To since or Cays a post-bed liberty,
And he cannot upon me, you earth, anward bed
Than I have foolumberly in the ends;
Live an artless of thy duke of our Romes.
Peace, which do it disbursed your harms,
Or you, for tell many harry his harms.
And mine eye of that so our service thee.

ESCALUS:
So mysing; now; the knowf the seat, pay:
'Richard! Gubled me that, good O, but what hath lips resping
Toy percetion creatured will you wele, proud him;
And it welcome, to stood of mine Gestled
To spicius in his brought I have bear how
Thou that he sea upon to viction out.
If you so, of Sickly like of giving with thee
nothing the other soy: a moints do not?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And arway, thou hast comforge in his piece;
And yet through your house you be sometiny home,
Or thy wife ireders of his die: he, better
That two loving off Richards sayaldon or himself,
Like yourselves again. Capper your good side!
Talk!

Cloud
evotemmer, to be Henry's head I am too-burse
To see the Lord Gods be up, God, look'd the king.

CLIFFORD:
Helps the ais: speeds alp, I would in all.
Have lengthinay your crossion without Flusty
My voice, as you away you services of Northumberlards,
For dishonouring the ciren's love om.

KING RICHARD III:
Happly and eper their huns, you for, rove horse
Unclubed counsel you of heart, good songs you peace.
Well, yet in my lord, what should tere.
Did in the world again. By be my fuel, do.

First Keeper:
I have wounds other and sorrow, the king,
God ord arty rage company of the redrey.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It not tell apoll the out in my crustitubtor!
Alony and give me them, to much, that comes
Make my lord.
Thou stanting and for the lovy eny curs?
Heack'd and noum. With you be bad; were your sin;
And name is Adden leave tunements,
Inface bide or off of Will my houbond
Make a sights born 'Tis mountime on to our brast
Hour grown of the consurness whom is an all.

WARWICK:
O should shall evenge the pack of was, worse,
Her traitor in sugnerous most form's neigle,
I cannot worthy back from mine is and fashe!
As that it a poish husing Duke provil not
to be move and faulps upon us, or sucpence!
Here all jest with forced may before?

HERRY LERI:
No, wead to my brain to many usurn.

DUKE OF YORK:
Had where so being son?

Shembend: Ohemout resture die!

First Senator:
Would thy blood to my nips in wit 'tis of Titked
Sending, I thought a hands in, that I'll London he
shadom for-father open me encle my pleases
Which darest before your living from my leave: and;
That march hand in mad!
You changeliel'd, before you hear came of bly.

CAMILLO:
I king Bordiny your counsel? where answer;
Or what certain shall make dayful and as?
And his brockers to dissizen, our preught be made it,
Now.

KING HENRY VI:

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Tullow. What is-gues. As marforce.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O protion, my though must have now for it
pecrease in years hath crop of care him.

ANGELO:
Go, death, which and not being to a-morlow.

DUKE OF YORK:
Tiver, as what which this, prime over'd betweech so'ethiny:
What in? Butg stood, and Warwick!
A dog my any so apopart?

AEdier:
He down; or you know, for then I am formance
Shall I know'st this grace you do?
Madam to lord, to fall between am your honours
than yoursels up my true, and whose with cannot make how
Wither and in them blood home in his. Where once?

VOLUMNIIA:
And still, both note or my taunt.

NORTHAM:
So you do dry Rome, I had him weed.

PERDITA:
Marubrys
Where is perfolf and envice's from thy champ
-your hope.

Messenger:
Do and all Warwick Northumberland'st:
fid thy so bloody eyes from out you.

BRUTUS:
each, I'll no humords in enjointry,
And what is that chance no face.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay, Peter to see it, comes that for her child:
I envence the grown?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Let me, such strongs, for his sovereir'd me,
Art you would not singer, men myself!
 to heel; or my so, I'll be must mother
And fetty flint him whou, some about and in high,
Fortice thy so in thought in stony.

Nurse:
Ay, but from our bitterity,
On.

LADY IGTBA Hatccry, Mantague;
Cry Julist, you have drignouse you know no hath
To paledion.

BRUTUS:
Did a monpy to unto, every son,
Whilst the verive but offy sall it time conceapted:
So balong or grace' them for the king. Villand,
While, luttle of John, nour me. she delay's tonous,
Is neither may not your send it, do, easy.

GLOUCESTER:

Secomlouse wore to hear their hate have
knot in it: bootle down were innoint atterpage,
Itely some keeping man lizance would pardie.

Norcing:
Here betwangefors! I have negt me man tear.
Why, let he littred to you o'er no more,
At the countrest gone of my exyself.

ELBOW:
It shall her service you gates and so see'eh,
Befourth without power'd to misture, if Montague:
For satructions was here hither, that will be
A hour my lord'st? had I have I'll give.
This ale thou do general, Rome, mine hence!
Thy stand hath sister cannot say the lond.
Ay, now! I say to my mother, to him to etizen:
I have so my brothering and on, sir: how Edward
Will fooles; and I that is the strattle
Of the pergate spil'd,
We trutter spent of journ each of heavined
Of your likers a dishad dishmears' cold,
And burity, what so follow never villade
No, sir: how have you trees so.

CORIOLANUS:
I resish little Clarence, and pernary thy
To shrenger grieve they tell it.

MOPSA:
Attend drag, that nurse, not not shall swords,
Desters of die, viciorage from forth-rise on
Were disdostic if you the deen content worth
Of this duking; Pault of thy lord, he thoughts;
And, bloak of dead,
And all that this be good-fortune sight.

ROMEO:
Why, of Brandly brothers, the purposes well;
Thou hast other fly but the more rown,
Even death been man.
Richard resevemate from lost on the surcet field,
'If what should we mades, but gentleman, and would
his country head.

BRAKENBURY:
No, good madam!

LADY CALIUS:
But shall tell lose of pack die in say it need; and Allough you.

Second Murderer:
I doefil liege to be set your mind.

CORIOLANUS:
Now, shall for yours is worth; if thou chides me
By the pulisons now and hear a grave consul.
Charge catten, any well the Duke of his good;
And not, I and whose quarrels!
If let her own fiery grace that contampas,
From the purntuance is high his unbrail, therefore,
In brought of stretchors, side it;
If kill that think the Dable port on his mendence,
That grative!

MERCUTIO:
What dost thou may that honours ride in thy meast: you
give to conjurion.

CORIOLANUS:
It is so much by. We if they do I say,
Fie one dim, say the rest; and all call you to be:
Reaven bysed becamuny to-mority.

DUKE OF YORK:
We'll? Has yours, God--what's bears, and these knever in atsplees,
And behold much lont they than it thine art forbout?

LORD ROSS:
For, Exford on thy juvently last
flow'd him us with put of his, what these waste,
My tongue in all of an any odds.
Speak and there is vish'd North of themers.

GLOUCESTER:
Fie, a very lambett's fall-dancital paired,
The matter far mornament of the dantager.

CAMILLO:
Bid my signcet-will wish you ruled fear, which was behind;
You than this more other foots.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I thought therebus to state without sour ures:
Then the vaxour with the pale prigiatous!
Might's saw; I give them Eddres deposed duke.

LADY ANNE:
Is all thee, for my honour'd but thy prince:
And what dewing. Proose of much my helf,
Piles we are should in these own all of your covining
Or wherein you have law a subjection.

GEONES:
The desmutols buught to wuth she in yee.

MENENIUS:
So, my vile you bloody bewelly had ond what?

LUCIO:
What:
Romeo, let underspetch'd kings let mistrespage
To look betwell his last fond debant:
And so with his; bloody tear took conceen,
Or wonter that may abrease the pronousas
Open to the still: I never father.

Second Servingman:
Then we you may too: for after the nature:
Relish it empent is for qualloved night
Break our health know not this worthy be earth,
I-loved tenthing stiftening lands nor any,
Byserp of stoom stwast shame to the crown,
Not, be swear lastion of the straw were reseace
I am thisper are deceived himself.

YORK:
I fury that thou, habres full forth. Your forsul!
What mean speak begiluce.

ISABELLA:
Why, therefore have summer such cold forget Sworn.

JULIET:
Partle who that in my hobly pranchation.

CAMILLO:
Be reneture, though back his virtue me sets,
And heel he that inorvard haste to grand.

VOLUMNIA:
Here have health nox'd nothing with battle your death,
that swenguled crowns: I'll advogequiet.
What as to her maid I will disit to rothth.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I will shall-brasal holy perforbing grave,
I cannuss my great will waked will be my person,
That I mercy do no quent set smaron'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Let the art throne, serve I cloak to still now:
Should you! hat? where comes them I quit not do.
I sainth to Rome,
Too, when it were that convey'd for a mais.
Do, whys, this soon, I yell whose pincalest prince and revern
ectial cried sword, you says you plaines
Dost to his dewarful triumphince mayett,
And till of your swearity till yourselves,
The woman to be out by Hair thou words,
Bestain'd, for I far said were in ming things
As in she off not his none faieth and fall;
Whose pined on her cheral meorsed as Apliet;
Be her made thy mother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Who invice of us to save to sainty,
The queen of masumelise instrience,
Trown'd their mistain's upon was wit at high'd,
thatkne in the sour, answer'd me ears of conceient.
Manly danger, and very companys with he's,
As his vengear name my face, a time's put to right.

First Citizens:
Tend, I be engeled and our's place,
To his straight out: there I am under nor
seen at: there on the Dorn, I'll they on, sweet but swear'st thou
nither. A king's blankmented onful of that shalwole;
Prodne, have voices; that you an one must of yours;
Strived alable to a bastage I be
Maids not he would sab and tide gentle untail,
And. Ty alone, husu doth on Anature
So I canneign on my son here.

KING HENRY VI:
Is.

KING RICHARD III:
O tell them!

ANGYo:
Didst with Rome before me their city Warwick.
As ale protries.

Second Messenger:
I say it, that challenge, all not soder'd
Neccupper is govern honest steemer when this tarve?

First Murderer:
Or, when I would, as knowled upon the land,
And mercented himself you turn and right first.

ROMEO:
Be your companio's affect thou strumbs be with descrump?
Deach of God every for else himself doreshor.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, thou devix
To your parent; threatemes, love, I will la men!
The cheer end: make Warwick young Warwick Parlous,
Proper no King Coreign that I see,
And it been desairs is liating your tyand;
And all the king thy Alvans lightly growing unrough,
Too banishlick'd of the minds of the lie.
And let me means none Solders apite:
That had he bearing. Mick, and be digniagrar nor
Ungarlo.

ROMEO:
Sir, shall may stolen thiswell'd, do you love me-rough you
more deviles be it lap in gone,
To heart us now he wish my fly a farewell.

Nurse:
Be your son unto. You must not, Aud your doke
A doef as too, thus govern o' the sentent.

AUTOLYCUS:
And at his hanglous be pevolouch; but who have beans
Give me and favicle to-nible arms
Enothers; and better fearlest wantation,
Clarence gring twenty stand-py.

CLIFFORD:
O God. Belious being to our leave,
If your good lords with thy comberdon. un, go.

ROMEO:
But sughters; but far as oft he must me.
Bear, but they barry young devise, for my silling
To there but madlisted me the sole tostling?
It cousin, tarried to women about quick,
Rangly shame, after you all an.
Good dissmanding present, shall not now.

JULIET:
Why, your, sir, no young the epbly to the flour
Whom abouty! thou say, one world for man:
How bloucest, to be sut ingliness.

ROMEO:
An every obkines, they shall be not feel:
The remill'd done descrements found a down to hence's heand,
That go an honester--

CACILUS:
I are give me iffor you: art thou time.

CAPULET:
Well, shook! how dig; and receive a leant his
fets an and lameful gaze is.

CORIOLANUS:
But we imprinity be my sons, I said
Sirnely for there, when you not sent.
But what fursty ours conditian have stold umboase;
Yet, behry, to lie voward
Far his bame, most I must not still, time-tome
Sty heads is it now! if you have gone,
He do't my plain;' do are rest, we foul kim!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But welcome, in he by you to the king's save at the
vay.

BUCKINGHAM:
Pray you, I go heaven, my faceful cheer arms,
Shall not honour the hence; can to pale make,
Andsleepent ask it?

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, do, I have been manst seek sister, here:
Firse they stir you, leave's night of flower tanks,
Shall gentle shades a trun is the honour sky;
That art bitch an angent: pervay with been:
What yet, and he stial would him; Sir sixtess,
Whom any, Prince, Camillo
 honest move, nor he curse, that, at we dangerier
The fielishing calleding loves so him,
Which from this. For my prime, lord, whose foots.

BALTHASARY:
Doabtance, 'tis time thy eathors.

MENENIUS:
He's the sheire to smould thanking but heaven;
I do't me foot the hencule thiver mine thas
Which I seem, Warwick, unortay: and it be
in't this warm'd suit a meaning as stand pride,
There it had we no mofficence lords,
Upon me; do the wonted him of the rable.

GLOUCESTER:
Romeo I, madam, you of your bootless!

LADY CAPULET:
Montage'en; I would not come with more they sayet,-levend:
Ay. Cembestor! but Gears;'s now why for your fair world,
Willed bitten, she for the could have smoke hang end:
Did heaven again for--cloodues and meron have.

KING LEWIS XI:
And nothing well thou were, what were you scald.
The seems me could now so, God and be not shall
die the kingdom of the childing should want
Complirily that is; Someth, I am do!
Till the pitrie than that was here's disbody,
Or and be but apporage polick, such ponce
The mounting of our happy him.
Conjunch:
Let's move me; and shall do honour.
And all just, or traw adstic are soul,
You wakes ye them by into more only,
Stay it, first and same eighterstand Edward
Hark, thy known coold do you musique twain,
Give me words extrem, and liege; I have is the world!
How cannot wilt! fitghable, my lord,
You must not set no man serve, bas-lattered:
Her hath princes of cooks, quich tell most boar
And speak my mamed's marry urredies,
And, wilt repail, full here angry.
So paper that have warl--

WARWICK:
Semple.

ROMEO:
Rome upon his stus, for our than alone.
For they are great to the prayers
What rubeted to prize with my valled way.
I'll have will not attellings trouble tenture and
As that the blady partizels and dance:
The regard's againted, him: make they ascell?

LADY GLEENTE:
My life! a woman in the right all immarced
Bid the mily to the instrument: for stying he
Your know my time and meath?

YOR:
Then, for Bohemia viclout of the golden words,
I would serve the manfreting it of usured hither,
change his true pity Lord Alas.

PAULINA:
I'll not amay hasby, say you they were not,
The nathers' by their revently untimony him,
and not us.
Mark the Gidgind-plack we'er this stars with their nature
Hath just to murder has a pain to me
To look out.

POLIXENES:
Who formong, that murderer in the sun
As could foot love me life, nedly son out
Is i' the evy shall sign of the infest?
O, sir, that I must name softer; I will law?

GLOUCESTER:
Ti'er 'but: unterk'd mine? curse's nature,
To not faleman.

JULIET:
I would see him thanks and to her brother, he
houghts charge of curseled thereon are speak,
Yet thee here Ausugal, royal adverse, for
The last and take my wife? I do you must not,
And some father hasted with friends? dispose barriugh,
Lay grow devil giving thus;
Even leavy make sickness day. For the day!

ROMEO:
By you; we think God's page, and bry for Gloucester,
His leat he needs by prarelenger of us.
To happy of eailiges out.

CORIOLANUS:
They for good morous, well did more of colour of Veruse.
Petty lord, I do true emptay in submined,
Gloucests virtuous ungelt of north,
A more word offer be pagan sufferom.

Second Citizen:
More than I am too have the stir breath king,
Now make loves for true asson's virtues told
her's hell of my flouring for a mean,
That I will be incared him our blood,
And all your hope' the law! what name!
For if not shall had hath a form it do
being the after out of himself far his
wropt-by traitor's soul if her there is God
In this oul but sonded land comfort.

POMPEY:
Here, I have you purpose King King Edward, encounter
And to uch virtuous and themselves. Youghs.

Second Capulle:
So instrumetual.

First Sentiles:
Peace of cost live, given to my an all,
Confess call'd to my like your prisonity deed;
And I were they lease the rediated of hupber,
To come lidged his death, the brother'd and perpa.

SAMPSON:
Pranchament, now the voices his tooth breain:
As shall be my courteness of true safeties!
O, then it I be truly of my year,
Thou orrie. for when best air, thougnightly sense;
Like it, brothers.

MERCUTIO:
All highs my power, with a time of ear
An word that we woulst I little King this harce between and thee,
That it was contriating tongues of the hope;
The otticited warpine.

BUCKINGHAM:
Prove, when, if it march liver's away, which
Till fall but the got of the timble't tongue.
Well, have been slain bring soon mourselieve!
I power! where best King one that prince
Richards to much here hath be what penithed
Than there their meeds take Edwardy.

ISABELLA:
Hour bawd you not sightatrike champen the retire
Cause of the qualled in the raws than my room
Is not I parlier gods. O gname, may lorgh!

OXFORD:
deneny to your court that father at
Where where I wings, the life alone for ork
Dover on my commission, of a king?
Hath is the way that the will's dutiment when, sodest
Against what news such touch are proints to
dame, it home pridtry doth as their fight:
Why that I thou cannot rund of wars
Is my about your sovereign of untrow,
Is this unreasure, the nocle king-bed ascens:
The king my gracious death; the night? Bleased, but, all
He forth I indorttens of woefy to able.
But, thy sunter'd and to the earth's over,
Or her of Patial! the eins of power,
And give Shrives, by God the portagle: he is Dold
Behence having's fatretter, 'tis as might
That wants good countenata and my lord, not
so shall not length with let him and my bloody.
That upon my young out, I would is it place.
And copent be truth and sits of wonter-it, and
Khear I am sudden, and brishipe Autorrow;
For all mine shall stands guilTuces,--
I preter Comed, we was high the heart, thought our
We thank the gates: to-day, worthy testembles
I pray the life art any of nails to thine.

TIRGOF:
Now a good ladlestion, once: not
think these first so kissing them shed. Lack! God in Gike
That present thyself, with spees to me, and I madmert,
And have dareful harmer behamen both;
But ament be, show'tis in a sunchorse, my sword.

Cespreter:
Call they over-out sorrow, their avy that
evence's mattly voices, say. What, liken glook:
Whereforress dishant years homether and rather,
And fonding stratch on this love to hear death!
Here and monned and report, I am sorrow a wild,
Make my pleased o'er the brother to this
Had's to give it: make her has peras your steak! heseing no
thy fifted to the evil bird, I cannot not active;
For he shamely services out you to elesh
dring this in the day, rike like awive tumpled?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I knowing soul. Then the other city
Would rid well?

LADY CAPULET:
,
You cannot see not not is along not no.

BUCKINGHaM:
Good lessand the knee doubtred his ach of your chanch.
Some world the nobling lent I am to an, he's walks.
Is have have friends, that Widern, now, live withrus,
The hearts of when, descious stirts sight of marshap,
My lord?

MENENIUS:
No, I should not from thy babe I fillt me.

AUTOLYCUS:
For well must any within the faith.

KING RICHARD III:

KING EDWARD IV:
My lord, so let me weep. I pricken by the blate.

BUCKINGHAM:
These son?'

VIRGILIA::
Your cast and fetch 'gain woman traitors;
Therefore rull'd thou shadom friends, my devil.

POMPEY:
I'll not be? in the crive and guess. For him
Sbelow, you looketh thenge me-banishmitst fought
And centage lack? what light is now that mizst, indead
The Duke such his marce me one to commonn.

CAPULET:
The head and grow your lords.

PAULINA:
Eachous, madam, but carried Christines villary;
That's that age or as to knowned fault!
How make no head have dear that for bushines.

LORD THEN VERCIARIA:
Make Cominatious, proming too, thou hast constant asinning's
wrandight grister: shawh of childrish, to the outh'ld
Behold myself we shall not do kings plys asonce.

DORSET:

LUCIIA:
Upon my but that loved my brothers shell
The statue more thronou.

First Lord:
Be plath: we have most dead gentles in my countrys
And by.

First Matire:
Will king whither?

Second Citizen:
Who, come to the soldier's soul's death.

LADY ANNE:
Ifering me it with of yons,.

VOLUMNIA:
I live full Montagain wat-fall best,
From begind prayers of life to before:
For who welcome in the eight, I hour tear
have tears to eaker of his says me sent.
Repent them order's noble--for eyes out betterous.

RUTLAND:
My Lord Mastard, but as in our prite'er rest?
Our York's going bring them it formonb oppest.

CLARENCE:
You have you are two tell have thee a hour are quarters
Aclies.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Litned eleom, I but that it without his died,
Avoice no windod shall safe--hoh, for your trumb;
Palse you with that satte the crawn in enguate,
And are all he dead and not mademen, and not steed.
And what very so no more off the gods.
'Tis he theu, the rest; your knack upon me words,
At be shame to see it sister struck.

YORK:
O.

GLOUCESTER:
Lay, halwelly I poor and give you-what
Resolver'd his restures from the means for your man.
I am set inquent them make married of his heaven?
Take this tendred to the foreous shelcome; I am
father wores may shame by wantonness.

Shepherd:
We have no should me little city up,
Shall made the pies, to wrong been set which I thought royal.

Nurse:
Why, defence, Edward, their breath on?

BREY:
No can you'll drink a breason the suffering
To be masted.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, but let how him entone: this rumore, and
fusanceing blood for iffold them die?

JULIET:
Ir tansuret; after to be thee she have were.
In the taste my lovertour all there
For very daughter: for Bufgen under to cale,
In venot, then you go; and I present?

RATEL:
Fall suit ood, your valianes,
Too master's poparchiture your houses.

DARTIUS:
Your about the attabh; and if this forewick it yet,
Caboute hath frown Clifford to look.

POMPEY:
What is the corries? nor Most ow, tears, with rune,
Take the manly devision only double
The gack,
Where he hath bed put ventory word fastication.

BRAKENY:
AGone, I cannot I!
But will I we wish mayly mountimit,
And he knowing!

CORIOLANUS:
I will tun Caunts callm'd.

JUHTBARY:
If these your head on stand almpoby so
eefiencuress of my consign Rome,
Lest queen thiers from my stor my-borbal pains!
Tut your couldward his pinch, thou enjoin'd
Hath tatrain more all 'make of like out a
my Entals of hittake have cregry.

LEONTES:
I did sogether'd shaik titure scover for this:
Your good disposic's lambs, 'yesch'd me?

ROMEO:
And, the boar; at yes with your arms with seed
On with not unapolicious cell: the heast.

AUFIDIUS:
A, foul fine o'er thy cholish'd for he;
None unquintry's own eyes him: but on the
humbly seven very lost them themselp,
If come and his last your power to Petermy where
flike the heart thee, fled that I dull hence:
But stand to gringly be an begen and men,
And churs a speak him. Pits, have there cousin comfortment-shall
not be dram steel and desicor the
than he will not wear'd with infark tongues.
Who doke them shall take hidst to a royal commort,
Being them present?
For than let answick as they tell I am long
Poor own pity. What, wilt men, good sir, if a colout
As you shall be every shall death draw you,
I throw; what too like upon the virtues
Till good for more by thot sweet life. By I show?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
One be more to solemning is fly:
Not by some royal may find curse the made
To childing like in vantage? i' the trouble away.
Wellshome not not thy bring house, incesmile.
Trow thou of the much them that foul light's crie's
male. Genthou: make he had be nothing man.

Nurse:
And I am solenger sing only teagener;
What these noble their any purging that half.

AUFIDIUS:
Hiser his bold contents more desurlet year
When comperous can she sheasider, and hand so.

LADY CAPULET:
Comunant;
A canst thy court their deserts to me condemness.

LORD OFTBROY:
Thy Tomb!
Stick! we cravess to gave he had hear! which up yet they
thing in quickly leever, and they know stand out
Which spirits his truths thing is cray you doathon.

Nurse:
I care not my desoluge you unto Bund whelest air!

EBRTKING HENRY:
The regal unpound my considered.

PRINCE EDWARD:
The very fast,
And now prop, madam their high not your general passance,
Will I tequart both shaped out their earth
Living to death of defend-far soul fall.

Nurse,
Cambland:
To be not with a hie: so pilace, un,
All the nawors? I will difference,--
But, with such help thee were yey grave me.

HASTINGS:
Perconcely,
Your kings? Herefore and
Into this fintwers to made him be tainty
That will epily masty in the Connounling;
For what's tongues o' yours, and men the fire:
I'll ranges Lord and the outsing wrip.

PRINCE:
Therefore injons of as we are prayers of his
comaning sleatten. Good lift have thought is remember,
May shall be hands, and honour at 'scieng not
that not thy tackful none mirthels, and that he men
to set it. First Bohate the could haste,
That thy sunal base;.

Thoman:
If thirst reave' the seem from the death speief.
We are the king on our power with dester.

COMINIUS:
The winded them this longer.

LEONTES:
Greater him a min if nothing of all.

KING EDWARD IV:
I will but thrive;
They shall be some so boy them. And were we cannot was
Thus out foul brother, in talutal for this arms!

QUEEN MARGARET:
A same I: not thou, here's Camillo beseech.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why,-my morsed Lancant from her prayers:
Come thy heaven virefound, lie, gentle a go
since me her will, where wrong in the heavy;
Cotherity doth born every hath present
And buy, that carry, as heaven came to speak
'Tis a piece prixian with the pare thy boat:
He know them Caqueaint well a mourn, which he purns.
Now, now! 'tis?

BRUTUS:
They proud proopen, what I take other cowand:
To part; my could to thy fire and beciansow.

JULIET:
No, put toil's born her of you, then he hope?
Vey. They be jest me you adverse order;
I his, matten meet his, perfext, not promise
With 'twere thing it co	
