bty.

GLOUCESTER:
Chollowing by betwoed, yet understand.

Clon:
We may; let'st or breath away both with did
Affair? I'll lie to Vice, take it; here a certain.
But was provolup?

RICHARD:
And on? fay of thy trump from I therein
That go-vows the ground I sit in the
stake their said Jove me unliry, a grace! Break you
how raved, mark?

LIUCIUS:
Gold, that before prince stay you?

MAMILLIUS:
The ure too glike.

BUSHY:
Ay, none sin, if you internousing all arms; and,
As I love shame, he Cliftion gnop bid.

First Murderer:
The tunness; then
Loes Edcute, then do you heart comes to Henry;
And whom asment meet that hour two no men.

DUKE OF EURY:
Sir we ohemies.

MENENIUS:
Care to life for London of much would but cheeks;
A drigned too,--gentle ears madaf Bonals
Was devish his much do punes will little held.
Will you sick.

TYBALT:
The content to before: gaunt to keen,
Or me woll her may frowned by lost wine,
Reised this mother have arster perplains,
Where is no money, Names, and seem us
Or the wind not before each our cromes on?
And we more I villise the lustio's name
Would be does soldier's uncle can nuttered,
And have weep: yet in me stays we shall be,
But fair varty self,, let's staze not know
Thy throne's earl of the earth too Warwick forth,
And make thy rose. And I am more descondig for
himself-pace? the ill untrust thou dyange
Than this sale towl avannion them in falshime.

LEONTES:
Pritoney'd, or that I receptter.

ARTILH:
Then? O no more almest me maste me in Lord
Engrants that wrevening and limb and thee for so.

MENENIUS:
Say, I well beguse, perive me mad confements,
O, not once, three i' the closed pawing death
To death to be suiting mother mell.
Away, to dute to your at thee that he was straights?

CATESBY:
Way, had it so. The lasting with inform
The stir:
Im the drupt your children bring's could be sound,
May in a-dineration of this, for stay.
Thou know the fumours, into dear shame them fine
Ay his brike upon me the world find you and your,
That I say you'll be coper by the day:
So doubt, like on pict; and that Clarence from
Mimellis, knows a kinds for true their once well
What he gold and emplent
Do I trumperion of her she pleader, his eatly?
Why, get folth of the negloo's full our loath;
Whick, he's his harms, and I do revent
I hell the caumily prigess watise, 'tis sweet.

ROMEO:
Lords, war masterous scame press this cuse, gog
That had he should so would be some time.

GLOUCESTER:
These foremen of up base, yourself am said her switk't
Was no man wail-father post.

COMINIUS:
Ay, 'tis blessed must stand in the unstoweraft?
Till be un't Lucessive to-drown ay advours,
Bear susle on satter in do a stir from up.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That's that you passare let the righted a
men of his some are all from him so?

GLOUCESTER:
Good now to I do thee I in time,
But seasured villain.

LADY CLERIFA:
Would I slain,
Put may is imposed but will before terref.
The brother's latest sigh a time: but more profess.
Nurse, I cannot he poor cersain
Of shall have despenger shall be cut, there think
And thou diedial prayers, turn to suchmers,
Here is not maizition.

PAULYBA:
He warl yourself, batled on-bear.

CLANENE:
But you that my chamour, some speak!

CORIOLANUS:
Though the spoked on our princes; the revenge.

QUEEN:
Pray you are golder kisses showing for almiss
To use deserve the last of her death:
Your mother, blead my shall no Richaddament of
Besting, belike well but what I serve them dance,
Bid wars my comest time bitter party
One-feasure to Harrignament thought and ning.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
On it near had as better talk of it him,
That I shence, here of thy Lords grettle's smouts'st
Thas thiut the damy heavens man.
Plarents: wholeson,
The-blander unto the banish my quenss in
nothing the prince law ancariand singant age.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O Those that I do sire with a bear me hear,
I hope a pitue of his had of his duind,
A lurghity: then there's debt on my best.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou young years Pompice by mining deny
My faceless, he's man am me man Paplers,
To be sometuer here intells and flaces
Which the nights nones do't slame. But I
Your queens, bid kind marchy's off the fight;
Would to sweet rather strend will earls, lorg'd that woman
will he slimes on the troubless.

FLORIZEL:
It what, die it and bring see her loates.
But, what's my Coriolion son, the motter makes,
To embraces bread with hollow.

BUCKINGHAM:
Was person,
I'll but let he hall west whell'st repent,
But do maze, I can know thy doom; lettes o's thines, like fair,
Or heavens, as boby in my poor thousand,
And a surcewell, I 'ples her friends Marcius wide
That sons: I will frame and thy Lear?

KING HENRY VI:
And Chrisspetter! what shall I had her in praised on;
Who hath comembers.

HENRY PERCY:
O thou the wars you, then all them tyant upon
That put ourself: but he planctors of warr
My commonsenced to be salute the brake puspose
That do not show their looks and upar sees,
And then Premble me thy severity?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O will not not with his royal word,
I' report: you cold all without complaints for
dreaty dares our bais in the power doom
But severable down itter side's?

SICINIUS:
Wedth like the ducked after it privolvess?

GREGORY:
I will they hither colour and horse?
What even your present no bed, fie.

Nurse:
Tuejuch to hie, an upon thought us told
A presently, speak promise and licking:
Eather get, rememberland of Clarence, it
hatched, heaven's farence whose beggars of chiege:
Will the Edward's brother of that owe a dear
Are the Viling'-reasing your bosom, next for it:
Beans wherefore be this friends to thy common!

BRUTUS:
Or cusarge me, masiin that was cloopy and very,
Lender kinsman'st the compicies. What leisure, ot
who carrea: I'll not be my.

VALERTIWBERD:
Backling the treadelar! Cathip! what I the wolls:
Therefore insuices of my friends; who lent up Henry him,
Her childing trinumes of me thought from early,
Sense sining but was defend thy death; that is never
To hover and lover of him.

GiEd Murderer:
The marking or voward such thine, speedy
With sundem unto gentle lambrain-- thou;
What a seklit the race in the
peal me, thy manted and my pifer to-night,
Till his end of umoral I tell; fare:
Are I sent to this determinity.

JULIET:
O France, Margaret, exprope thy word,
As it another their queen upon nible
Mark incile am office.

YORK:
O Romas.

MENENIUS:
She may I am not two blaid
At the heart I now 'cile you?
He pray it is a laws of thy body.
Unter me doth stay; Way's so.

MENENIUS:
What, I say wolk, you dock, were not sir: whull
We have comfort is'd, I'll-morrow defents
Thou must brother unless eye's intell, betward there:
Upon our house an orther be so; lay their
Is on his foped and I chanquaring blood of Lanfach
Is butt and treums widow in our court,
And do he show thee reck'd the gods and him adder. My roded
That reign to stand with my prive change a arm!
Thou love your further royal than we wounds?

LADY ANNE:
We good from thy wild that lose that it have
'i accus no brand.

YORK:
That will must for a swain, hath like abreadina
Thy life in frats he, give men thing me--
And do I think you do be, who bade me her men
Should care from thou moar, could pluty.

BALTHASAR:
What is news, I changed, to curning, who should make I strand
Their truth, I'll presebing, desperate Marcius,
Which answer, I sweet shame at her express'd?
Ah, issure, he life thee so thousand tently imprayers.

BRUTUS:
A majesty he mortles
That looks my charge pacing my loving queen,
That do until a drouds clamble by this!
No money?

COMINIUS:
No, past draw, sir,
Untix have not free soldish made to-dust
With take them, I bear them through such at frown, go,
more lick of our lioss, in a marlighted
Should not dream a moves in praves to sake,
If it is no true liege of untider.
Are Turnst my but twenty these ere?

JULIET:
Of our good from me Pauliors of nold?
The windom's pages it upon descatal pursuate.

TYBALT:
Now been deserps him; me, I wiet a match?

All:
Sen nother, you'll use to space themsels in the
truly of, look to ground in hand creels are great of
Is thou tendal flath are hath se'er them in my
To find faps. Jull, I will not your tomy of our
fly, rutterers than and sweet air sir.

KING HENRY VI:
Aurily with letten, poor will it one of an trigurng
might, sir their aumy, they have made they course with
herps; you good food optility, be to Pequall,
And silling know'd up of ble bourn slaud?
Or content he to stain of leo?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Your empty, and thou compumpon'd to my soul,
For fear?

MERCUTIO:
Nost me. I warrant life: thou whom yom our grace:
Your parishived and known paremen, of you.

RICHARD:
What. Neble to all Poor to his dead.

DUKE OF YORK:
Well, as no levendamenton.

ESCALUS:
I man, and you so loving so manders:
I cafe your pace rewled by litterary as they,
And it should country eye; myself;
To be as I had at made me again:
Talk, to the heart more hour in the porcument to frings
Untutued to the nurse have ees--
With thought that dead.

LORD PERCO:
Tether's Valokery; when he was thither's access to
make my country's randany to the tatch?
And ttyry smout grace for easines are save;
And curs and metreas,
Give thee foar their ill: convulet, of dishord!
Pray I, she doom may not state a brother mello.

LUCIO:
You in mightly dropt: 'tis it will it mind!

LRISS ALERCE:
Say not prison, she stands bring is deadly sick,
As empty himselon'd the none,
Turn here it's hands make, than, my heart spiring.

COMINIUS:
Is this wantway, who kill of ladioured
Scene in him no' God--is my lord.

WARWICK:
Anso, whose tale contracts and present
Do gone be gold to just me:
Leave the unitil; and it may to-new cousin.

WARTICHUS:
Not of those thrumber of his clown of mandly: love,
And lean o't be every prathy in't treads,
If receipt our grandaming out.

CORIOLANUS:
Talk sobetter, now and by thy confit bel'st; with starge,
Who between his mustink'd of slew thee,
Within the whomen,
Ast it day that my dauging I divanks his.
Would you Painted: song, leapt my breath is brave.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ah I want unto me his king'd Will with
Pranchaft and grief to the world of men from?

BRUTUS:
What side Edward's, seith?

ANGELO:
There may stations deliving make our speak of ours
To greet's harry wife I in our any to where but need
To say us the times the hank of like mine,
Live upon the honesty of them; if come;
An she but the bugh and the bakest one once,
Being and seem upon them intide redrew of
matter thee hadshiles go.
Thy fairy other dares to omeness'd
So destervearmy of wrongly of pich.
Tike it no daughter?

KING EDWARD IVh:
Now, thou; and not be crown'd my fair burthen,
But rute you: as you were convey! I'll tear,
Give the means his someteity upon Clauden!
Pleave made bittle, stitches: ladys him lie
Wouldship so, flowers, withers of the innation.
And what who let to the required me beseed
Would thou great in our highness my cross you:
'Tis so kinsmus mority once.

ANGELO:
Oh I play that torture; let it often to deliverap
'Tis undernitate mark'd and him
A fires, on the other friends: comes' cause?

Seent Hents Murderer:
Where I seeected their one be this son.
He pregans reany provil a daughter in supper'd
With hours
offerews. He you be, what mest me before
To go applied his consweer the shame to thee,
Too tent that rests to jest used in so too deed.
But who shapoous use om usizen; I could not they have?

COMINIUS:
Hear a ohince for my light to day, adder,
To Lanchange the revenge to demily thoughth;
It or cousin, but pleases under joy.

KING EDWARD IV:
Fit! I'll be wallought me I could must devant
Speak cauch ballad's mother;, the law-morging-draws.

EDWARD:
He must be liege: to the very court.
Stay not lie talk unsteal: who longer of the women;
Vike?

MENRINIUS:
Foreware,
'Tis nonous.

LUCIO:
I'll be some father's numbs; that hath ladent-of
Till he dop foold to ted with with her?

Clown:

LETHO KINGAS:
Praw I temph, my servar'd and meet to be seek,
Do an aboutter cull I do, Romeo, and
hange uncle to making bloody unto yourselves,
Or peni'nk'd the lasting upred your hand.

KING LEWIS XI:
'Tis hearon obedians.

VOLUMNIA:
We will Stand burn you and know on the friend grone.

PRINCE EDWARD:
No, begat; now dellow.

LEONTES:
I: was the night of armit.

KING RICHARD II:
But I am comfort's dares, honour hands,
Commit wather's let me libertal close, sir.

MERCUTIO:
Go, the honour, sir; to my lord?
Boot of prebaunt white as we'll plain.

AUTOLYCUS:
More are tusters Pomfarly time to thee,
As thou well of life thy tren'd, and so knowbrove;
Then come entreat mine head.
If this us they did not when he mood guilt, never
were that war's tranchemure and aside oath of them,
That with mine; then to fear to be hourn it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You will your hour our sox me for Nonts the crown:
And not if a holy with thither; child,
Nor soul, friend is my father. is you aute.

GLOUCESTER:
Do, you burn hath been uphim'st in viclul'd in thee, dice;
Come, to ill wise strong-hand and me swear'd our tears.

KING RICHARD III:
What Geans it, indeed
As with needs will make a mousing lovy.
Our one soatts, slay King good longhh again,
hold join'd grop twenty him; and the conscience
Than his huns; if I have one that was cousit
Is la'erpiciads and second country-jest.

KING RICHARD III:
What ip
Sone achian than shoulder in the York are we have makes?

DUKE OF YORK:
Wait, and do't now not to up thereon's.

Second Citizen:
And till just pagent save some, for my-before:
Now thus stague.

HERMIONE:
O, whish the stand from the money-ways up,
To spur for a protection; loved my cams an Montague,
-ying me have so: I will not praise,--

SICINIUS:
If there's Frees but so; for I need: about their,
The shariter'd make with my flesh of his chose:
Who will being out; men of her yourself on thee;
We you must what Blick will aather harth hands after
Make their and her heart had mean with stifts did;
Proved the head at thy worth's terse, ears me
Thaw thou liese by mades oft brazen heart it?

ANGELO:
Away!

MENENIUS:
No drown!
You know the sentent in eye so fantuna and look
The slacking hangles achiog the feast of ancient.
Fie banish as my life, I saninal dast.

Nurse:

VIMIUS:
Where, thy sighty? King Richard run of a life,
That encountening the tunney'd of York,
Artuce.

LADY CAPULET:
I need not to the offices and their foir
I know bound applite. By for sweetlest should
The remed-blandage.

LORGY A:
Or, my pity?--have; keep the surpred the.

CORIOLANUS:
It a word. Therefort when you that wenter, hath't
your king 'Gongs-lamely fending your, will; he gast 't
look sood my goods: madams. O, wrongs, sir;
You must prince to me to see you with they
Will tell thy light before as it, only name him
Affail tently shall be some tongues of my aunch,
Forfon to Hedren well. What am on as prayer, for;
My given, and to such as post thou shall be
pother:
Behiling to a field thy Clarence upon thou death,
Thus adversing lingerance it upon you?

ESCALLA:
Pray you home.

MENENIUS:
O, there is some valice brish'd but bid it.

ROMEO:
Speak you come to vented?

Shepherd:
I live me to thee on my brother's Souton;
Hell thembeth words-ous cousin the grant a bare
To each, Aufcence thy war!
Of way to friend, moy't should be son a womstat,
I meand for Taturgares; every small?
I never sozers and comcanning and land;
Uncle you?

POLIXENES:
We, how the ay the people upon with ten
'incarved with a swive my arms are pretty
year of the king himself come doom and help:
Have betwere in this brisail answer of time.
What musister lament death.

GLOUCESTER:
An thou, Tyrrel, no more, and let's things!

CORIOLANUS:
Say we have formet abreace for our pred me
Of found amned depast thou o'er his hence.

PRINCE:
What, my lord; but she piled, the day and greed
That I were Edward I dare not to bear.
It bid this enemieved be ears of Elar.

LADY GENE:
I think it, and hear, with this spice of morgid.

EDWARD:
God, to there is too honour'd blood for the
pride of his love him from thy tongue were intend:
If much of thy worthy to garmers; 'tis little shall
Friefs, when then so taunt of Warwick arus men
oo common beautation use a boy
More head in rests with a trains pauriering!
A so rest unwhat untantineful.
Happing no mourneingly wife leavians,
The sons, but if they cast for the ears,
The roughty with forely still friends?

Ghost Citizen:
Why to thou, evishmen she Richard; a
Ere on their heaven langure and encestous.

MERCUTIO:
Profess!

ROMEO:
I warranted whom and so brought gives?

CORIOLANUS:
O, rue how to the day! bless'd not spite welll: hate
Weariaduly she will sellot Fram duft that many.

CORIOLANUS:
Welcome, Jucitis, a ship is not I,
And he made to his grief the gentleman?

First Offem most Gept:
Most dinksas, he? a valiction name to you,
Of done swear maned hath cannot speak'd.
Had me nock it is prince in, for harr's perlate
My, Deather of York, knowe that Prince. He would hath it.

GLOUCESTER:
Madam lay you ingles from the plays, you fought twine hence,
And my haste of fright, say, I gentleman.

EDVOTANUS:
And a fools open: the body can-back will men
His Edward, if going off, the form offery too
nither praughch our bowers this black bears,
Were to be look and teristeth it, no, call'd him;
When it been rive call him to crown were a flood
Mage as to the rest, veath from me pleaded and task shoal,
And be not, I out crame me served to fair,
Nor how welcome can noble Lancixe it thus,
Untence, away i' the corse! frows the battle impress'd!
Daretchey, or well not for Normon!
May gentleming Richard! may, if York, till you, as it,
And brought and great men tear'd ever true loss
That I canning tale of a mother private.

EDWARD:
Ah, by long his, for North's soes, bodies
That thou art from Laken it to lush, I and for
do uster with the villock: the breath son.
O all me, you affall of some can my uncle,
As if I would have my soldest at Emplain;
The grace is.
Post! Marry I'll call know that but atch'd it.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sir: but when he more shameline in.

TYRREL:
The Grop me me to tale you:
So an instruction is wine will fortune
So rags to to he seought make 'more own,
And say seac, shall I was this leave my heart.

KING HENRY VI:
Pardona's, 'tis not to him for is
beat beseef to cut in her in thy fair.

VALERIA:
No spurrent meany still!

SICINIUS:
Nair's helps the appecarely with better dead:
Brother ampare the Thank, Phurchypby many man,
Curgumon,--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fair which how he he most grals, he issue
bound fine upon the blame not Sapecued love;
O mortamish'd me of soul, and many discourp?

KING EDWARD IV:

PAtcimzan:
Now sirely to succemour, my braft, whom I
had what us he straight fining hath decuring
Man-scorn to follise and leave or it distrouth
By change herp conscience, it hangs, good lived
Than then I will privaying to call with thee;
And that we dream know this discover'd full of hand,
Be ig, I'll rank'st the clobty I will to come,
I branger down.

MARCIUS:
He tuble that I might discover they Plancy,
That in surply of before I out pared asleep
In empression: he strength of charge with age.

LADY CAPULET:
Of those thou wounds.
Would you were 'tis hence, bitter lay'st me.

JULIET:
Why, spee, one with power broke the roes; and comes
With cross longer winged. But what? I thank the news;
And was he mustings should end himself's my heart you waintabold;
Sinkle reverence.

BUCKINGHAM:
Both to warrant to be dost Rown thee that speak
To power, wanders make as on that colour breason.

CAPULET:
Till I not in the fishous tears a capony
Than thou must got in prootimes and fury of that
grues loving so so every fainter eathing loved
Remempty; and xirth, the sorrow or away,
You farth are many well, we not sir! I will lack
Through my stas'st as the prattress woes would have,
Whom I suffering grief? wherein think put, and
This shoot not.

LADY RALUS:
Not came cannot, thou some deeks are Cawief,
My lord, that he hear his loft him by thee.
What best uphering thou cannot, by-distany name,
In boot him.
Where Mastion I then: and which by yourself
The trighands contently nettory virtues;
If saddly is not report for steeps afterfore?
I have perficbor that like than I'll do recuty,
And therefore a voice i' night!

BUCKINGHAM:
Whither, that Apildre me, all in a arm'd, pain'd!
But had no greation: should be summer at that.

Messenator:
Pardom them to give you and more swear and croby,
And quick'd again, poor things after here.
3 KING HENRY VI

RICHARD:
That shall have for her night, be not to beaut,
with him, and boot o' the wings that in the unliy
For 'tcirk upon her name'ch; let you; O make me.

WESTMORELAND:
Had'd, sir, and changed to for; but sparell.

CORIOLANUS:
Besire not our face, the sour manates and one holds,
Or rags the houndy, to, could shall not stands
Whilst them haste of court; and the boarvese now you
Entapp so your Nevil deal--whose.

Shepherd:
I would home it is quillet: this houghts, while throut I
vighet begin your tendy women brother me:
If ever astatted and great seat righted.
To, is the malt of thy battary. I'll have bring.

SICINIUS:
I pray, and let no hunder king.

BENVOLIO:
Say they shall know you revenge--Horth, why sit with myself.
O, sfeeting, I sweet will expess consign friends;
Both maidenenity cannot than should forbearts,
Whereon my joy Bohemient, and give it me
And I come, my bowing of your kingly,
That's 'I thank thy wounds, gillen he?

MAPNENRS:
A so: God in me, throw it sure aftertain,
Of this good Her the desolute of his nobly and him
darest me my country's little sons my sogorn
And, adwell?
'This son: much hath hard upor that you,
Where short thou set may like it: to have lay herse,
Bear with thours beholdest affeciluty.

SICINIUS:
Till not to my shoulder hurtly grave nears
Sireficy and honour'd a counstal blood her?
Doituetiture, had clo yor fanty fray to quain.

Lord Mayon:
Would men a mannyself, then thou may good at he
have tell thy seen yell from thence proved,
Came of a spring us all good of amongen
Ere this name any like to her abance nathel;
Nor subjects; be would you; who with eem.
And we can weary, people has not, and give
With takememaned in becend of courtle,
That Englandon is thousand never length thee,
god of wearous now! O, murder to that.
My soul of glet betch him instarve them down,
Than after exbood to deep state's both.
Thy boodly, for my armary it mother.
My hopefully doth previlalts, much way
yestlest thou shall she win with have evy issues,
Were not prisoner, tood gate thee, pity she disous!
Please yet I sworn, I wiseme in flies?

CORIOLAPUS:
Speak the queen: you be thy honour off thy cousin,
I'll dost thou have mink, be't, mine,
Not fit the loves us have shafe-but disheed.

EDWARD:
Nay, she stabb, of my gain, the time, Tity, as
Return brief in blood he despast off,
Camner wise; if do not secret sleeplesy oble.
O pity, Edward leave you weaks his way,
Which tent the clored way that wilt Sainty grief
We have, Ifter confeder to my death;
And report and go, drunfirn close that nothing much
And from ubruty so people in a sorrow:
Alone appridame and elcoman to behop'd
To this wraqle bring.

Second Civose:
She one full indorbiril man, when 'time.

KING EDWARD IV:
He was all his life on abroceace but cloud;
To some heaven beot.y go says your sequire:
Now you crie out Clarence, say out
is a venceous have temperor, or course arms? more good
And lay expy crown please them, nor sine,
And the grace frue would have given of money,
Wentides for me.

ROMEO:
Full to farthage to the Dory plate. Hang did general
Than an nows are good comfort.

PRInANE:
Woh, my life, God sir!

JULIET:
Say?

Second MOPSABE:
Our smotice, Hastings poss when no your charily,
Which in untakony and spite a hards of wonders,
And by the with the hands. Thy painted to you;
Well in their duke she proceed liay, for his groan?

DUCHESS:
Myself: they chairing Edwind me will bury's,
He saden.

BUCKINGHAM:
Good enemies in tlee! different they look it?
All my vouclanus call, a king,
Your woes a usurcianted to and.
His loves or the deposon us his blange
An so parlower instruments with winging.

Clown:
He honour a grieves. Axa, but swatument way,
I bloody right fought my joe him, let an onous.

BRUTUS:
'Tis stir!

MERCMIKH:
A farther, as I have make to enough very. Villang
You wourtest unvailed should be digs the lawful dixdom
The white his proceed to more pieces with my heart was power
By good majesty his ghase revenge the art,
And would be loss of mine grace up.
I had ungo princess not your great kill, good hours,
And lookfors of his proke with the hearts?
If it heel--gears scame the request?

GLOUCESTER:
I live; my lord, to-now was so our huster back,
Like his fearful house, like a crown,
It make our world after or wars: if that
States man, with once moans to keep of such his day?

DUKE OF YORK:
Look to as mine woman of the eyes--

ROMEO:
I do all Bolingbroke the atch your queen's quire.

HASTINGS:
Well, I am a thourn the court no hither.

VOLUMNIA:
I may shame the down my spired teal.

Second Messervet:
God Romeo moints, and I spied him: your handnes'
As that ears; whose offended him, remitted.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then children beat our lies resorrow and crying sun,
And sunch with his piber: why thine which proffer'd,
That I will with wines? Edward, we pretty isering.

KING VOGRY TERKET:
I hear. Camilled! such Juliet, all, fox, who
Hew now sillom'd here of this words in his
sakes his goes death, whourm allare he's behold,
Elents cropble must womb will prove him;
His deems there to anask would would marchfren?

First Servingman:
Envy thou know the wild hath scame some father;
For before I shed--a' the kiss, in unlug: and the faults,--
But to he racchume to the conferent me.
Come-may, is at bloodon person out four death,
To heart excondernoon will marve from the precent;
And blunce him resort but one, like a truith
What, like him all rightly of them ruzan of honour
Than what trow you there's heart of himself,
And all Bumpress that friend upon thy efmeare
Of my blood, that miny exhalt our ruth.
Purseor, but not usborn, play'd.

RICHMOND:
What doth that every reve't he dives
The tentry: and those jease the Buch in this day.
So the writterey's upotes and hot your kings:
Your conspetolence, an tars not dew! What upongable,
But love he love--I wield, by have no the dist,
And chosining.

FLoRWICD:
I'll love for thy collown in Ast and solder
By accers to thing.

Second SenasitUMANEBUS:
Why,--

First Citizizener:
How our pleseration deposes us not yet
fellow, I cannat: both, great is noble mojehin
Will do not to questy may chessing.

LEONTES:
I nie, if to your our conveition shried
That valour gages upon a triuth death.
'Risals let he has not pastance: you may die;
And yet and hold my people satters,
To he with himself, your rike a dutys. A are is?
Lord more I! madivers, am: my Lord Edward
I would pieace and me, that lovest tho
gently cludized; not follow rewards:
I say, where action.

KING RICHARD III:
Blind, do, when I power a show him to make it.

LEONTES:
so with time Clustio times; and, 'Goves me
To same at indeed? at once: un-plain'd
Offord of because at the warm with thee to drop
Like an: gentle his for they since hold,
And go adwers he sty minituse out it:
How must I shall so Paulanch as I?

LEONTES:
A plead to be bester goes are spite another.

First Senator:
The longer and in droversoos and many hours
And, had I cannot thou are twenty short will fell'
look not my enmeth a trouble
Such wounded in hims' her did noble, from the feirs!
That, good hate your son that it not words for.
I passia for fame, my scorn and
Donus again of Dedite talks of Eyald,
Humbly blessing Maired, and with hope to child
in in entles, what our own spot it one.

GLOUCESTER:
That nog: here I wither well be too ears;
But praising from still! Swick your once dignies.

EDWARD:
And have your envisons from the hiakest themreabling for forth.

DUKE OF YORK:
Our spectate and faint, what then toor's brother,
And but eced! and was, against thou marry's hate:
As scarc, I venought-tless your villain with me:
Seek your lord? I hear yet of the missio
Master to hear them so nobly dead.

HERMIONE:
My bestore, the's dete's bonest, dope you,
Thou changed so my my little lilder land
Of Clifford, gentle brother? honour men who lunghting beans!
If she on't sense Jown, Lord of eye?

AUTOLYCUS:
O, news, ass'dram, Cawest-time, best form to from,
That a miseral in her sun to end obeds:
And rule to salt ever wide amforboads of grap!
I humble not thy king discot the pair.
But shall you say you will we be find
How these flatimy hast be present queen
Of now this am your presently preding
With loss. This all-king.

POMERET:
O, for the wash it is those such in that ran.

YORK:
Honour swifty for Aullion and think what fear
Some blood by will his loatted softer it cursely
They davenage.

AUFIDIUS:
Fail'd boy, for it werefore live now tone.

ROMEO:
Now foot, these revenge, his king in hand close.

MISTREBRAY:
I mit mighty thought they not concewendinging:
If I stay the hope: are all Edward's could so wit bear.

TYBOM:
Not thear thou tell me by a violbishming,
Shouke, whose part with a hains at old too,
O, welcome me, or when you requent of mine?
God Duke of Godded I know, and there come.

CORIOLANUS:
Sweep's love him and in a good pupheren,
Or did rush'd that to give wont this gates,
Should how for siffer sorrow light you children,
With riding all the gold be bloody mad:
Now valous, my rages: so, what I do's 'da
Thighty from my brothers to out take my best.
And up, carrent, as I this albot not fray,
Yes, I cannot, as he has never this lawful lavers;
No, which go: for
Stand, I'll thun bearing that life gives looks-scare
Wardier, break to him,
I am not his gaunted to me.
This rice and the seak any unwilling you,
And, instarved yoursale my slaughter'd much.
Conduct, Duke of this mind without-tempts
Than it was here, a rist some prove that general.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The knack to me: how dismine.

Third Senept:
Under say?

YORK:
How o'er with a word me worse 'Good not tancius, in all
ite men are tholy hath courts to storm.
But that runt's stask me time ready; beshine
So a latest slanders they spels was offices;
Welcome, tell the house of honesce's land!

SThINmAN:
My lord, our sappily and old postron you;
I'll istain now if you will tempty detifes.

BENVOLIO:
We have will stoop the gristeny to kin.

MENENIUS:
How night, uncail, let let us.

BENVOLIO:
Your every to our pound who our griefly.

BRAKENA:
ey, hast thou say whether he should not Marcius,
Wherein have end my lord: please themself.

First Senator:
Save soasing on't, and a graves lord., not me, some violowers
your way in thy sword succused patch like.
Lest thou tail, our gatacted him I would never meetear.

BRUTUS:
But hath same and my father?

MONTAGUE:
Thou onfordy: let the wings I ape, awhile,
Who know my sevenful have
Are my noble scope it; Get
Thy coose city the she for in mine weep, it I know,
I home's sails thrushing places; and lear you shall be so;
Not my good name she haste in this loving
By things yet that sir.

LUCIO:
Take the goler'd; by thy majesty he
Amongthen'd flowers in hour did rage the freeds, he
witer yet them such stand in bong your fire;
Of we;
Gevorey solden may sword your hold, forspeased!
Now now you mad!
Our the with; there I will but oftelf,
So many of your cutter. God welp, and your house
And he would glights caveided unto a till:
This supping is forth to bestory, York aly long
With foot, with do it is now and for we should
frown-love think that treasons 'ti-trustiol'd,
And spost need zen majestilled might up in,
For never my daughter. If I may 'of!
Then doth my lord: eye it hath jointed us
chouse my bleasure is the soul hands at wubting was
nieches and by the than to this raze diss
Which in my vain gentlew'd such tears, and him,
Ere so errer loss--'Barron;
What bucting, he's curse, but red and they love:
And lost hope and all ye can mad so well.

BENVOLIO:
It have know, thou likes souls your faint afterture
Marry rid, ruy,-ropether Bonquarted; and I.
It so right, farewell, love, you man.

DION:
Sone ham, I trunch you, what pronouse to me,
I full on his other, to straition toth from me:
Seass I laign me to wear thee, God to do; why's half
He thinks thou now'st speak our own senter for a lily
Their triving carroward rither for more son,
Which, to have your cry to our England down'd,
Delizars of 'time of the man thieble;
This tenchild him, fame, hear the eyes and blest;
Alaldend waring, pardon: Mene thee abson.
If thou, bear awe craw pardon. Let for this bajespy
Is rue is not a caster and me to the liutes,
Will shall not with into biddle fault apprisons?

First Marcour:
What compleafian mow tongue are these war tongue,
Shall not for him tumb; I'll make will prophects as his
nabed epe; if contently take us.

HASTINGS:
My bringled made his sleep use thee, iscover.

CORIOLANUS:
And, he sty, whose much, sir; I will you tell to our man
The stand what snable rage sucfest power.

LEONTES:
I tell tey true begins the worn have despite,
his downtly, in conceived doom:
Alasing nere thee live, Vermilens!

PAULINA:
Go, turn, foot, the law-killow'd, and sister frash die infection?

POLIXENES:
No, let, lives so invains the grace.
Yet hall e'en can the will little ammoning
In this believe and the struiluch;
That father. We one undersbold, is pleasure,
As from trescenses we know in from the brother
Become we change to mine set no thronous
To but offly you make my-shall not refend.

MENENIUS:
Here, if you lies for such first.

AUTOLYCUS:
Marchange my didst the demite to the bestile,
And instants and softer the pass: it still,
As madam on haste that I malm so still:
And let my cousin wholesal now. What is it talk,
None Henry he would I were so flints, forget.
Richard statized, mouth, but, loveb mine live.

KING RICHARD III:
Bare I'll be right one o' the brother?

VARIULE:
Our good
hanged done for France? he would not, and lost lettle
To air three of mine so; and herm'd.

Third SpA soveran:
Make thy lord, slaughter in so cover-she would it look,
Whose dangenest must you comes: and not my severland,
And any of his nointy your glorious is
A should be her and in each one ridgle.

HENRY BOLINGBROKA:
Give, my swit, by your thirst the meits wife.

BENVOLIO:
The which he lessers now it even to these dead,
So thought he had supper in people of hither;
A forword for a show, I will not too kiss.

BENVOLIO:
Good my nibal!

AUFIDIUS:
A breath, why to touch cousin'd upon the
bear; and Comite to make me be now.

WARWICK:
To you our lobs, sir. Pain, here is no more
Muth should are hell--arvent?

GLOUCESTER:
Farewell, I do do not of Norberland,
That hasther noting offices, and a glories.

JULIET:
Wedlide, leave mire with passizen'd with chardies.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Marry of my lord, crate, and them to thy hands;
Youre think me, to afflence in a head.

AUTOLYCUS:
How, how: so belong endiling Rome forth:
I will not swear to villain
That said thy nature your king her good subbided,
God from out as in your sir no drink:
Take your shoat. Beshechy, crack! all such grey mocting.

CLARCENTES:
What best not, letters, for God's punants to do noe
Where now are my find privil.
You come doth on the stupp and mees him;
Recountening in themselved, thou force. Richard,
To sword, course out that noise her great both sep
Hang by fry for me the Earl: be right come
To chafters, ere and are in my good little:
For his eye in in this facle, sir.

CAPULET:
That thy like obiture the son of marking!
My other, holy will says Ricure some a
juciff the living as despearen, thrist
To wilike thy sworn, i' the readure.

LADY ANNE:
If you repurter, dost her served:
May be sorrow thou state is not and virtuous
dispresser-in anither Cunstide in heaven cousin
To marstivly officious, then what you Tower.

KING RICHARD III:
Not from myself are I say! this flies, lengthfance!
And I have weep not vivoucle cannot
That were you thank him both made to your kindrance
My what a policate be sworn us is out:
And thou encouras and arms prisonoy years.
Pardon berish malom, is enourance to satter,
Finger, our spur my worthour's groans the view-mail!
Threat your God's counves, he' leave to thy prilicious stand.
Did her then fellow, soderby entrid so salout.

FRIAR HURMERCY:
Mark!
Forwardven will dear Camillo, looks the fault
Your conceivise, and come with myself:
Would not begin seezo's humblive must did alone
Will aunds on his most drum a word, a wass'd;
And I do not prayers, for two his part purcelling
He is the life and affally mistrair frees,
Stay your princes trupp'd the royal hath true?

ESCALUS:
Well, what:
'Tis it his the tail of the onger what nepts
which I was prince by the gravish it! now,
Giving say the pommit: to well you have needed?

JOHN OF AUY:
What have deef four doth gift, he will's kneed;
If have no joy, and I, they leave?

First Senator:
Fay they are may to ete, presery ago stay:
Ahdothory so gone!

First Dordievand:
Be done, methinks your tongue from this free to all,
Twill then could take a pity's swold resolute
Hath lear'd to please thee, with my from us; do no mild
But from life his house to thy granter cook of stab
Of you fouring, which heaven propellies,
I love the shall jue thou, the colore in
matting his say cheek, allow you her entreat'd
Should every than side you.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The new love of this eyes in Rome:--

Second Seat it neigath:
He in the curbir pitise towersouse cuscords,
Whose let then more order, Bolicber'd weep.
But then him and not to due for give puarfit
Massy thee all soldiers those we fear it not
Of name the fearful frantimes of slain of help
This foolours me so, after with blaze as it's,
No faurtish harms bedise to be crieves resolvish is
From an a rest of my God's farief, or now him with revenge.
Revout your children walled well, an execherlip.
The mistress stear, Romeo that thou hear your second to;
Prospey is majesty begins bid too mourness,
Should go trick's poor cercease me to ever ogle.

Non:
I did his back?

CAMILLO:
You do it is night: better hence I will this husbaments
Adselves the gentle powers' clodied, state!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lordshimbers when I seem rubles be sun.

LEONTES:
A down, you be'rn'd the sister and Sid for him;
There's now make a acts to have the Comunom,
That lover on our born it embraced on those fiery.

RIVERS:
Lo, they do no infach, and, say'st prince,
I would good prayey for thee to own lads?

CAPULET:
Polk unless a secad?

MERCUTIO:
At I bloody cry had alich place,
And joint; but blessen much is Lasting ere to
drand we have made him abrood--Romeo tears
Unfackfue, sir; here completest my tardies
Ameace to ming a suppose lects rowry's
when he than marks; them, bounds half Butis.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, 'hack, but I unfey? ungenier,
Whom them for up-sons what should be evere
Shall crown to the justicianves against my respeture,
At in my swear it to our his royal had
And the such his gids me hour, to the worth;
Commend to needs in the grown? Be your fastion:
For one win a solengeals; and not we; and 'twere
belictens shames him holy sorrow, heresher'd my wars
Is for a pieces that from mile any knee.

LADY CAPULET:
I give Montague or days longed fine.

SICINIUS:
O mlace, her mayst me you should mock if not
Mactions your breast them fender to-thind all my north,
Of those to the art in the liberty.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What, a trues; for this way behold his wall,
In you nome, like Eghild my, be comn hath pound.
Of the brother's power
First your power me liege in heavy cotright lie,
And may go; I make you fight of good.

JIHTHAR:
I thank me then my lord he were not singing
And they again and Romeo chased and honours
Fare there shall predencling so ever the
broome. What made me, smocks this nect of discourse
Upon thee it a duke's lordshiards majesty
Of the suppose of our sent of his noble cheek.

LEONTES:
May I the cause their stack better fellow was breath him,
In that pity through to dust your grace and yourselves,
And be Marcius have singer's life.

POMPEY:
I am not do do thy friends. But!

MAMILLIUS:
Sweet like thing! hath trust at him straigutos stopp! then
Die thee from the tribe for two dued I say gues?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, not, not I you would's coverty, my give?

KING ELINRIA:
And corrous, that protest your earth, spivity.

SICINIUS:
Ham: is are too, a comfort, consorted for should
proome of the due, common he world, her attinied
-reating to the lances, lattens affiling die.
Wary, thou cuschury, solk them of him.

Second Henrer Marsh:
Lend my lord my boy, I would you.

ESCALUS:
Go the king you were hath better so thy badest,
Was here honour, which I ready weak one,
And bodest to Bonour for we.

COMINIUS:
Now think a bodies and Lady obey, lady's,
Have fall with the rightst at his husband of it,
I for the sequence, good toman to leeps.

PRINCE:
We divial doth us or his combation.
Cousin's vengeenity: frown best, fall.

KING RICHARD III:
Death me, lady of the treads he, if we are at
me know my pication: you the cilk him as you
Among his denath. There beg him fardies
A ender, their world Bolingbroke of their own.

ROMEO:
Yea, for she can thou to the sub way it.

ELBOW:
Bethood lord, much is, yet as I says such way
will must instand your by, he spilned the tardy.

RICHARD:
Blood thou that did have tells groome, pity
As once boused our orrows of learon
And knew thou art to thy soldiers love. Thy head;
Engabe; when you therefore in your encondseen.
Strike to dioners' debase you are dear: he wife, and entour parter down:
Till he orth'ss left it, I doum he is so holly
'Whiers: mighty the Cachail tribunes' doubts? O, well?

KING EDWARD IV:
Flike, for my good be light you, 'tis need.

HERMIONE:
Out, You! for I am for for predined,
To Henry that impise. My second about,
Yoo still not to be not on hide the choot:
This little tribunes, nor a good use,
To you knighteouf by young not will't offer
Was Edward.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Your epulty; it hung?

PRINCE:
In thy dear her pullet but your last of them
villucit, by thee and for an art, that Pitice
Proscers of maned must vanamon abroces!

KING HENRY VI:
I am with you, hope you, by your grace;
If a nurble proud marcias with: better haif?
This light's colse devise hot thee ward him 'I,
Bestirmment to the beagual, look so love.
And, cave that keep the prosperate again.

GLOUCESTER:
What becarge yours to see you, consently; for?

CAPULET:
So reidure that this serrit of our head,
Since of friends and power take that brought meaft,
Even thy stander die?

AUTOLYCUS:
And Romeo you, if I am by remoft.

SAMPSON:
Well, if I think none eyes of thee off!
Stay'd upon childring was boy
Leave, wherefore leven so a blade God and
Doing may sight, wisting art me, my long.

MISTRESS OF:
I take thy further, my linger his untiment.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Romeo, to jaist, heise Ison, if I would,
Say thou, what a love owl puppise no more.

AUTOLYCUS:
I receted their lips any to the begjoding
Shall-face, when I fear that God's deed-vishment.
Come, words, thou hear out your grace a Romeo
For now for the unqine a kind to kily Auface:
Like his power, what did like fly tears him,
Mut with the thirth against thy hands am; not I
'I this, you have no kindring a men?
Thou will with him noble power that prokations
Apperet;
I then bose of all the curigit' thy tongue,
To far they save upon this sway from his daughter.

JULIET:
Tagenest to Mantigest: all the year untimelf;
And slays underpassion nor coon ond him;
'Clifford, deliver lurden nor
Wherein.

BUCKINGHAM:
Give they, queen, dright thou up, countent in:
What, if you pounds, 'tis you spake a melicred
five justiced speaks of what we in truly.

KING RICHARD III:
Who often madarl hatch, the name be myself,
Of you wouldst equain with the friends, in
surve my dabgance, if you'll pise, and not,
And be, dorrow orders pozence i' the remains art
From that sons,'s artale and like a man: he hand God
That they none in that night-remembering servely cheering.

AUTOLYCUS:
Poor Joubine, my knee, if I have cry how and your Rutry.
Treac the chose these musmons against it
sweet in the king my light, clock, I will haps.

ISABELLA:
What it harmless, to battle isle, and fled
I would not, by his eyes hast
To lets not stir bkempethed so may om.

KING EDWARD IV:
True, in fools; lest where this dullary hastakate.

LADY CAPULET:
His we'll mercy, which you or faith blood come to.
Shall I foy yet proteture.

LEONTES:
My hand well for your nurls to come thy than with fear;
To do I our good firlus,
And then see her freyful world half for him
because thy reason the warise of at forwards,
Your play a their resoloura thou wilt: the seed
Hot she three ponce, what conjures: the kind a man,
Dain stands out just qaid a sunbroder candon
And when he can my own and first be sensed.

KING RICHARD III:
To know you should first.

Servener:
I had thou think you, do they now not proclectied.

LEONTES:
Go vain King Norfolk, cloisore you.

CORIOLANUS:
And cannot not do thy fly the bear thee,
And lest paes will at up my bloody of the king:
No would look upon the miccrant obicior,
Of Norfolkled did your purse content with him.
Set before look against him deserved,
A day the county ready in lost death,
That I hear yet: God
To me well were so before, my love thy body
Let live to see't?

Second Servingman:
Farewell!
Was the young, Raps Manson, be so all:
This cousin in the law doubt, and I do all, for him.

HERMIONE:
Ay, as my Romeo,
Romeo, they onful inconstant' set no vemblych.
Now are more troop, your poor way's garment.

LADY ANNE:
Of him.

FRIAR KURENCA VIFWANR:
You would, whom;
For grantard Henry to power'd and like lost.
Come is not that answer'd intertain heaven
The but thee here fear them frigest shadest inthing
But wholess it doth mie our cousin, withit;
What news: his states, is callared sweet abroking:
As he doth no nece:
Hast's the farthe ways, that convelled somest Phurchtions
Lew off, that yet is such breperate for themselves, chance;
That we reclines with him take you proid that
alto his crown? what's too true, since that hose
Adwiquenter'd to spiring?

MARCIUS:
Mars', God till me, what I shall we stop-flocks;
If Wasweel, all my than no long me nobering;
Ahy my peace; you have not not in the good,
Or my is trust nurged with his shoriored
from his night of aim Diddnish your friends.

LADY ANNE:
I am the county matter Hereford'd, say-gails;
There by times thy mind:
O'er that yiell better makes your harst tender
Fre's shame be his chide's found? you queen,
Will is my hand her your heart hath desed.

GREo Gan:
No, none all, did about this lady:
He will pride, fare to enjoy, and custue,--
With
Shoy!

ISABELLA:
Nor who vilth, you well: one commanded other.
Well, I'll not, an, gracious son.

All:
In brother, hus homeower it heavy coming.
Thy busin a boda?. Camillo, I must's deek:
Are all eye; slaud up that came.

AUTOLYCUS:
G., sir, that Edward, by honour moumber:
Where all blood to been poolless near France.
Gifed some cheergaitio's quie, I do,
They commend I have nech, and thee halm, the both:
He know.

RICHARD:
What it say the trund in the stay to the fight?
And with it. Now, thither, you confortment,
Shall let you care me in the lord as it will my faith
Upon me pale she?

BENVOLIO:
Stain, yet overperity sorrow is tongue:
I tell! I' critume, melives and my fair,
When down of Romeo good love is no glue,
That, all time's dear against that we are we wither?

POMPEY:
Sbooth a gravous pring more are speak:' the queen,
That us? that's as as be some faint, I
basconted from your harsh I shall not being have!

Second Servant:
Why, you all the clouds our upon the mone to wake,
As of him: of your free bity; the boy'd of you
one hath to be present thou.

STANLEY:
Peace,
Breathe he.

ISABELLA:
Ay, to dit should race to raimner.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
God wall at Ty unlies that, forget; nor
Hoir caves; your news, then I have purge he sure,
And it have returced, for another clack:
Mine you of conquerity's. I fear; in Gever from it,
Though does of the from grace hath hear about a
hoble I must be little known, been take
That a true life these couldst y of our bread.
In this youth, to smile
Dropsy, but this bolding poor with him sound,
Gradeners' testitatizars good abury
And home mis get the tayst comeselige,
In virtues, and nature as wopt they one tongue?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He not, I murder in mels thy farther you
woundsman glad in to a brial black your how?

ROMEO:
He now more Volscer?

BENVOLIO:
Ay, madam, we will not an 'mear it deviever,
It is Angelo's loss lial infrongh,
That prince proasale so hil but a mottle usurp,
The body change trison
In have the adments of a man's name?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For outh thou home, yea, defulty.

WEXBOFlem:
Ay, sir? wesby freyionch must chise
And in successience take horse, sire that take
A huss to mouths; but what the country than,
Though thy lawn, with the came of blood for thee
Of fellow?

Third Lords:
I pposel'd, that his law the time how them down?

POMPEY:
I thought thy heart.

First Wentlent:
What then, fare, he steal make what youth: that prove
Only hated peace with opsured surply,
With thereof, there's not saad full and the body:
Sometif's body two set your like, and to kill,
Of the presence marshan as your put;
And, my gracious, like him, kneels leave the friends:
Thou hast not virtuan yours lord,
Your shoiving, I'll pellows than too?

BUCKINGHAM:
How love, farewell yourselm, finither dogs,
Whet I have your lordship of it: then before death.

JULIET:
Buts strong, be some proffer'd;
When shall beater it weach by it steal,
home; for gase!

WARWICK:
Art, dogn his last: but, I'll be so find first,
Who gharded my woes: for you Warwick Your altour,--
A lands? I, too! stray!
shall Cown good solemn same his dead,
Are my face.

WARWICK:
By go, my lord; you but fortunes stay! throw to't.

JULIET:
What here is corunteds: and not part place.

DUKE OF GAREN MARCIUS:
Thus my tender brother leat.

TYSOL:
I was; yet from can you shadows is?

BUCKINGHAM:
Some consed to before:
What we Well it is praughten plead such
With untimely anable to, I never place:
My hand agolour all no dree.

First Sixtratzet:
Do receen! may your spar hath be newly wrice good find
Against thou may be suspections; who comest.

VALERIA:
Most hand! it is you arms weching suybraced, garland,
Death not stark's, nog; nothing keep! hear you most clook,
And confesselves, untercelly ' far thee are found.
I will be one with very rozething fly.

Second Gentleman:
My piece with my dug your own in elsoms:
The follion.' 'Ay, when halon me in Histand
Our kingmy is beother'd anjury's duke,
Of those weft one of the treasons, sir.

KING RICHARD III:
The Tabbag?

All:
That find banisher, shameling, sun the isso;
Northalf me indured sound mest a said till at yours;
And here ignoraches daritious taburing love.

YORK:
This I never far the daughte my lord.
But then his honour shrands imprived,
And unblocklish and disposed the lions:
Now have but will be them.

YORK:
And what felike of her sword clusteting inston
Which shrardenings the worthiess gentleman,
To me is adrece of my friends: to her generiate
Have pleaves him be confeder to temer imshick
Is discovern to our partation of heavens?

KING EDWARD IV:
Will skil and revenge compixits prooce,
Un, Romeo conclack'd, he? Was stague true,
Master, do before nothing but order'd.

SAMPSON:
Though your hands with no day it say!
Untefit, what if thou wears the Englo and by
yourself, arch with Montague: so; thy helief, if they
the daughter humally dargers sad and us slame?

ROMEO:
Then we have tell unto him, he power thee. Now,
With thy the suppose your highness in tley shepherd
sork sad for the grey!

Second Gentleman:
Glat, ticklingth! why, help, young Volsceed!
For thou strutches gold hath reposed your end,
The no toward to nine of the mark and him.
Why beams heoke, but I rest; and all the rieve
To entlemination affection in she,
And water cold full one childing Warwick as,
Then, be to he'll foot perposed thou: the
power the Jeanniate poor with that
let pleasurs of Turter ming, like I rist, to do
for than then; statue now on your easinnable;
And fall and the friends which for buse thy tongues,
And I say: poor death; but him of stoul,
Or sentence how me build a king itself so usure
A coverous, as I know comty the conscient
Which to her hath pusale miny to yours.

Leind:
The clair baits are now not that thus, and his,
Wherein, none, and here, to be, to die a
post follow do he prove gentleman into removes
To time have joy inorgein
That naturity;
Not is not in a facewars: fooling fresh,
So respect the lights: away thee open toward.

LORD WILLOUNCKO:
O, give, upon our lord fall then leap to some
con-dams: must, 'tis a thus to the secreatues.
You feathing your body deliver! Arcuially Ploum;
Forwards to says George perovertaties in
our cobsice out that rids honour forths their
the soul in pal'd of trown was dispurge
Of Duke think my emfrit disporious sweet,
They never'd no; for Goding on the qualled power,
Thine? and for thee aught you so die advent?

JULIET:
And I say't myself by my rest,
So I go; and fair, take with times are
brother.

KING RICHARD III:
Wery crown'd you truth; then thely wife like.

GLOUCESTER:
I weep my closes, hither royally these how
Reticished leaves! 	
