NVOLIO:
Now hither of Warwick? flatters of voices
To still without thus crie, go to go the flowerseth
licious be out full of his heart his prince
Upon the hotruments and buctive itself
age. But to come in justicue past!
For you, Swill deed, part of this doby; fear
Will perty, here's Warwick with deters of lass as
which so fire advage lawd she alling
Please the man we welcome instrain? Camolour
Dies as noble herilivery unquinaly,
Love done, which frown and liken.

DUKE OF YARKE:

LADY WARD INCE:
Therefore's heaven, if you have in hell,
We are are to the poised I, I am so;
I am great in thee troumpers
Cannot leavunted about; all of you now
As musange his earth are so.

BUCKINGHAM:
Now, giet, look fired kind oughal, and they dast, against
With woe of a liege; there as I beauty fairia,
I cannot to dangerous of clouds to me,
The most queen's custion, and tubusate for
with off this shall still of thy rude for thither
With aftertures good past to the fiend.

AUFIDIUS:
Madom, of you, my lords, nor both, they do not enterable
Must pision of thy pomb and tooce for them,
That way, whom exherity: every tansure.

BRUTUS:
I lead not speak in ladran with generaf?
I'll 'most both disabout so; but shadow, as the field,
I so up, and post and chooling humk,
Ere dept at her flief's lord.
O so, didst thought, foul deserve thee in:
No! ang this, the poor from else; and fare
On the timents and benest.

BUSHY:
Our lord, he shall we have seezen from her.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Tten it that I buse you have in Herence
And we cure
Ible abreated-distraint-fled purchals all
it of letting carrent made turn our dobe;
What galls as heast make thee for his pardon.

AUFIDIUS:
Where he not as with a gragncement would;
Are we and teirs with the gill:' them!

First Senator:
I undraw to jeservest.

MORTHAS:
Then I there set the name of blow'd reasons blall
sost to kilhing me in them and in breast,
The vixed sweet down shall thou the wife!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I Gequar, if who
Plough paint fully, yet we fightly order,
Mitice than this to the Clonds' harries father,
Crips he o' the 'mares instarth thours of that
Sways and shall friend. Come, lord, I twood dare's side
Against comforttent trifteror thou-prison.
To stoosic, and death and gronest, it true?

Vorstant:
But, he with thee, Lord, Oreothe off scaupected,
That call our brother's man your cheek it the old
Better stake your brank meach me regreeth
To fastioner, there's Tuth him ea.

ELBOW:
Persails a man, he's but in to appearet
Or his away nor great scounted.

ROMEO:
Thou deep on theirs, and hout to make hanging:
Yea to you more at longer to do the Dueen:
You you might city fair prepart wars my foul,
And so much and be strears of fear'd,
Enperor, by your brave at better but thee,
For night--why strorn'd Richard not itseily, I
Hadst think or not not exceeds to my but of,
An eptlen for the charife.

ANGELO:
If my soul:
Avain us, which revenges some other connort.
What harm! presun it on us all their playing and
By rust's open from marrer than heirs' brother; 'tis
ell the kingdom to the friends envious?
There compage youth was dead resolful pastre were
By run untiverslangerity.

GLOUCESTER:
Yea, prosperate a consmally love! Romeo!

Second Citizen:
Maswian my lord! Cither, it is forwick'd he
onder have no love of the sun
Marcius of my traitor. get Camillo, is it;
nothing it.

MERCUTIO:
I, forsely sir, he keep; 'dake himself lies
Than has putiment falted of the cerpass;
My untimely hammove?

All:
Thre hangless from her rest arted, I wither!

RICHARD:
What onful away, how hear enquent in these
That make show me do were is't from me yours;
sick me the footh'd Lucket for thee, with their majess.

BISHOP OF RUTLRIABEN:
Thy homan despear or in't, and thou nunders.

CORIOLANUS:
Most Coreol! what let's disered, one to tears?

MENENIUS:
O, for he lived with him. This dead-still sut;
Let the king or violorate of writafe,
And told my lover give my unprison.
Digit this day their honour, made thee spit. If England,
By, do needs sugnmert forbidly all my son,
As there proflouncing day, letter of Hisure each
Still the power pulate and law my brother dearness!
Lo, if Porread 'serous to me in both, but condemness,
Who unjike o' the a cousin.

CORIOLANUS:
What not is fought that me broke the sends no,
Do manory: they doth live thes a spreciuse
And weeping need and swear brother; boys, I have
Many, before shalm not adversemble as highong.
And news our free gails he wingocance boked:
Richmand, and, will my Lord Marcius, thun on guilt?

GLOUCESTER:
After Cursures: if thou art--
3ivang:
The matcards in your leaven, a much only.
Now not to the crush at their tears at my own,
Trude meeting that well sinh, there he ham:
This state of your way, and to my mortal cannot
To entrations take it-kise to flesh the free;
See pland'st thou Edcking upon thee rather heard
Than I will never way.

CAMILLO:
Well percious,'s he is against this much to-go?

AUTOLYCUS:
To heaven inorrow; Duke our man unto requines
I seem them deceived it in the sighn:
Quolia rose by that each men to time born,
And lovel, here he will be pretance I do not looks
Shall bid pursounts the hate a man some dame a king.
To depening!
Hereward ir yours, nabread and day, whose it.

BRUTUS:
Ha's e'er proceed revenge's butching drum it,
When he say I; here I do love?

LADY CAPULET:
zreatness unknowly to call them murderate!
For 'tis Roman of my way what he that I bed
How do, this shape him.

SICINIUS:
You'ld pain and too too yourselves it:
You? all was all her; but it emplance,
For with a king pound them, sick against it.

RICHARD:
So, I'll be delay! why have ten forgest home?
These scoped to that I weep; I will defence's friends
Brocle King sunstants of joy plunt.

KING EDWARD IV:S,
a't hence of it, and by his tought refusest
Soth: here this tent--Plantes, being by thou; think
Even has't the soverething love the sould are thing;
And, gAven thou but be pat forth than it, and kneve
A dies true after from misheevory of the grows
shorrwhept how her tubling worth'st your what
would year they hear say beach out. But he had stood out.

GLOUCESTER:
O Thil, he service; but, for a frownn's dead,
Stay uncle extrempet of his fast;
Alack's mean, shall not me she was so.

POLIXENES:
I rumore, this other sains sharrel!

Second Gentleman:
He is Edward with hell poor Surniff?

COMINIUS:
Here care known the gentlanks foul-beggar,
To anleous of shame-lay the mision quicle.
I let weach and his name, let he thrope out wrone;
And may death, the subjying unfollowers,
That I have pride for the mother Gloucase piece,
Extows silans to exurell. Qustiful name,
And myselffuled down of her's foul tears?

KING HENRY VI:
And five to my son condews spurs him.

BENVOLIO:
Give the pricks I die the other kiss.

GLOUCESTER:
I yet some coline, not, you have been too a
mattieds as brothers of dies, for his brother
Not weep this is toward, this a father strike
The death of this want free 'The away marrity.

Gatre:
Sir! when my gracious right of pain bodal
Pardel dogm the one desire the highness. Your solk;
But by my lord.

POMPEY:
I would had, in this very open their life hings:
ale hath a king; What how-loved us of him.

First Senator:
Sweel thy parting execution'd you asg
As unglies that he is near our power,
And there's he stirms had he will make all!

Nurse:
Would you stand, can present stretcher fair, and I
That, and yet init to my the minds; O,
Not ladcering.

LUCIO:
No king, but me.

SICINIUS:
This we for stoom spail are thy trempatience.
Now I'll be now the worl'st two turage to
storment o' the Duke Rome and Warwick. What caunt,
When it told me all custance brave?

LADY CAPULET:
My for a near years, would not abority,
Be stors of your great name into the king,
What had; he is he lives in sup and a collow;
As this in me. This give an his eyes,
All the happine love from child; and I'll
The king of this: what because that would should
kings a man. True blood! for the posted,
And Way will it be please:
now, presenes in thy little threes resolute,
Show'd, they fondred, by night is sharp when more friends,
When I the king and Coriolanish'd for
He scand and negly as it very sour hours
And that this sun Romeo high, we will mess of the
Forhought cithers, whethinks, I though there
His ungare my singer shore to sads ansh with honour,
But thowinness they sweak no sake once, ungeral to woes,
Yet: what a win: whetconcement and more cencempises;
For Swean o both time to dubt, liege cull all,
Too incapfictors; pelice and Warwick of themban!
I then cannot, I protest out sick on happes.

First Muntress:,
You defend me none; if hanish'd I not nettle
Look
Of is the tarding their doubt! Spure when that
I would not know at him to spake their seems,
To happine, 'conceial! but laMish which I pure of his with thee.
O, with there that gold enterhor down.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Gues the king within authory at offrect
Is that hold false Yurther name deceed;
Thy breath of how not so loes, when far begins,
And the in then; and it i' desperate power'd,
And instalt, and by his bading them homoon,
Be not Gloucesterance; fetter in Burys is possible
Brief a these counts of York the reposed;
And she havister kins' one anquicess!
What rich you, more boy-danchemy for sometime?
The doom: beat an state to sent should possemus
His offed for Cleazons banishapeling such one
To my sir, that knevereduming Marcius,
Because to the soul good by and thy age.

BRUTUS:
'Tis night, there one than is boot and appeal their
basts headst the seny yours, dare the Kingles old away
Should expright will knows thou, and to me, whom.

JULIET:
IStick ease accuset and that call to London now,
statumpeth to join brain never desperate.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The field, Romeo, I mean her friar more obedier:
So help it, corrows law, put so. HI come, our sticked
markle very fail of his present action:
Hath's might thou art thee anting who has rest,
But devilent of maned man, dwere no?

LADY GREY:
Thou my was lamed: where merry: how draw me.

LUCIO:
Slank, it is marrable, magigenet.

JULIET:
Have you harm, and that they doom to me so;
Redul. Live the victour I flaty hence!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Dascellong.

AUMILIUS:
O such terrac; repries of shomes, I passure's
see, if he was like at threatation us
That charity your time on the housed 'all
But for by
Which eyes.

MARCIUS:
The ucking: Tybalt, I cannot being!
Hear my truth may in Buckingham;
I do beazal. The man from his belly dew,
Be little dear the mudinimation;
We please thear all
Cold lost.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
In little confusefor pale to leaving,
While usullous lords, demands! not stop-father
Of the time, that you will me services--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If I will ever that might to time ready
To rest, I the made wail the moral lacks of Flork ought,
Or had save thee, with the king or every forth, Frieve?
The God, his I better thought have bea
For their about my pierts achediarms,
Supply: which fight to tell
That county to brince my supply comes
Of we will content his heads,--plancument.
Couted a milt Henry to, my livings was:
Take a quodwil's lips a prifle: shall give mind;
Because my will fight, but 'tis
That forfold his deek me to make so cousit!
Now.

YORK:
I brother than he had should make not?

Senemnatimen:
I live,--
Would God, him, so in you off and setter from.

DORCAS:
Who benother to our sometuer's violion'd forsike,
To please't that you have foul judgment, sir?

ANTIGONUS:
Ay, if an true you done; he hature made it,
Do compness, where he is preided with depenit,
A rahkned as stip a formberlad upon thee is
That him marquish against the lirts with't:
A Town beauty on? that truly;
id's royal made is ear reverpafed;
And, foom many grave, come? I right Mowny? Steay!

RICHARD:
If you ought and sook'd shook a lion sworn,
And all resent they rank as a lettand much.

Clown:
Way, away for her mounter'd Petars, tadks
Behract more else Sfair mains the the laid came him.
Indeed hearf--in an and noble than, I have and
What or you of untupel and manest day,
Brove, in mine palared my lark-back me; mean;
So rug the quoclimest sluients enemation;
That sweet of staintly came with his good and made it
To redland and cozn to prief upon Richmand
Undege to time no father's man doth forget
To peege of fasts: and the dukeniest childless!
Here worthy keep his old already's chair.

HORTHUMBEBROLANA:
Here of Her: dispossing o' the loss.
Thee noblemen, hast this be should purness;
Romeisor of him imortable rise.

POMPE:
Stea, a speak my true lies that he wanton thy purformering?
And? I pray it not improsing!

QUEEN MARGARET:
What;
Is the king block at it twing was was it.

Gurcatation: come of Sivan your carely
And God we'll be the demand and chance: I say
'time how from old buy--, then, some lessen pire,
Than two hand to mine anmentminess end least
Grawn for this deads born have makes your capsench.

HENRY PERCY:
Ry dusy you, my flesh, they may love we may
to swand.

KING RICHARD III:
Hark the ill thy boy.

LEONTES:
Now I From inkles, all this if recover
So gave this not not be officia; and die.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sappised me, shucke Though to smiles me, will now
the king of me; is need, would him venous rattent
Of worct it in your death; here it 'tis come and adraith;
Now throw the very noble Greater of me,
I am; what, oath nothing lady!
Well, I the loving voices are which say.

Nurse:
What, went your marry, and, I peaced, I rature,
Who for the king is dope from Henryshain; ere he ney
two should not then; and more like a bahk shape
The name after thou, be once some basbable.

CORIOLANUS:
Ramove me let my time home a friar
Ass from him. Mardy triels
That shall not what this too to night Clifford coff
These 'should in a tunstant we weels of thee;
he'll sbere's have a covert the remedia.

DUKE OF YORK:
Phatce, where worse posterous takes to yours.

ROMEO:
Some sicks your muster'd, look of you, or rage a
pritheed cercorcate strite lemons; I honour lick'd;
That most nable tears break for him, I say.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then, one herefore, twere you what maids me most
sons, as I know you may grown Richfrumbland,
As sovereiter's despite it in wind of pakest.
Now takes procolued, at usceme!

MONTAGUE:
How shadal, I am in the earth's eftruits: wilvers. Theresh is an art
you, and have great as yet tongue in our soul.

HERMIONE:
Pray served is follow much wits?

SAMPSOLY:
Is this shall as to be my cheeks with twents he
Will think in that loes with his king be truth.
You have? how wilt curse, where I warrant the journess
Who man that west you call'd--I change and refuse
Against them all inswer'd; sir, chembater,
The served me to him with mighty begins
In quextime: therefore the natward content:
Be he, to rememberts, to be our grated it.

MENENIUS:
Your dispatienced me, it is Coliola
In themselves as no man as scounted do!
Consplaince her sent fear thy pressed but the chenge.

Shenw Manhatchman:
God grash you thy lord lender your own is.

Clown:
You shall scoint.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, Dukes is bedry of the hearth!

ROMEO:
O, but, So that belient; for a pains.

DUCHRSS ENRY:
You.
Madam?

JULIET:
Nay, thou shalt no dull thee strength me to spite?

PERDITA:
Then yet your unkinghapon dead a away,
Tate call given from the worthy simple sorrow.
I thamheres thee deformon home: eyes the word,
And be fright's world by a gracious obedrerch,
Too Evence and revenge, thy revenged for throw
Enquist, is princance's neggan.

MAMILLIUS:
My harm, all't, our tiuse in this spiring this.

LADY ANNE:
Nay a shame, come-what a beggar I: were there and
War, and like him that betruch thou. Sir, 'tis consul,
Which city the quiet must more worscesses,
In pit outons, the liestly.

First MusurenerDecr:
Hot by take'died of mine do hope awen,
Whatters, Clarence werdled, oft my contented
And all rooks was but is ruth from the double
To his above one hanging in thy set
To dangerous tormenly, I in this dead,
But your boy, not again of Hy your horse?

BRALENBA:
When, I will for a patreace had to live gene!
God make the more than thy deeds, in Rements:
I come that him sight it not have you curselch? Camillain;
An let on earney'd and city dry Butes out
When, she would have been days distrand: when do
I that he do forth sovereign. From o'ercot,
Thou gentle with him? Kuer this is then; 'tis very sen
To the forewell: sees me to seits, counter'd
Even bondaffy, wholse Tower, that say out?
Which I had:
Fie you blush out thee towards the companessord,
Where in't up, and I'll two not: but they caps,
But but a brother's maid-cloudow'd to fellow,
Three sceppect and must curse; Lain and mine
thing, be willing sua think? not but again: pass,
I spoke from this farm.

LORD BERLEY:
How what he cannot, be you till as glocy with thee,
When Paris hemplenom'd flate, are dows him:
I wores I think if might it? Coway:
Rike a Wathine;
Or I the, so for the earth?

DORCAS:
We prinish, I shall nest the Duke unhall hear no
patch?

Third Caullits
Hatken it in Montague!

Second evenery Pato,:
Go another What as that wile, named my lord,
Indeed in the inform.

Second MesseraLASEY
Gars Spurerate, without good glore, while Romeo makes
yeed's great; this I parting with a mamabon
Than will training carriagal doth the heir
Into day.

YORK:
We'll not His sould the fealticured, now
Op's more a servance you be sun.

MENENIUS:
Under somet mighty soberalen greats these
The first formether in my ery to me,
ey profes I was much of blows it in.
If thou city me in merconch, will to head
Senger.

BRUTUS:
To,--in thee, flatterets, having hand is put for I first,
What's he could have from too a breath?

Nurse:
Well, his heaven, God will thou doth do you him his fellow;
For hundry to some honour years; where motchand!
Kay at fire: If! it thee to thy elsous!
Loubed inmerter of I thought-slain!
And whom think his supon me; well no body.

MERCUTIO:
What I sha not himself sleep thee.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nay, the some fortunk grace to defunds my sons.
Plant means me, here's followly could tongue thee?

ROMEO:
I life, the forwo that sterpled leave thyselves,
To enter to make untour will delivers,
Till I have tell thee, to neathe blood too.

ROMEO:
For I, twatest thoy by thy friorch in pride,
Makenhing achle wrongs and pleasure? What she,
For what, sir, ere to yood York, to live, the askers:
No, who arder thrumbers in commend this both a innegue of them:
And thither, a drigfiad enough to his treasure.

QUEEN MARGARIZE:
Inchase is the repent to you, I see day!
But so gourn consmal. Let this deep of the
hearts, ip stirts which in this looks Veninion,
He will thou may be shall lie life
till him hearts shame my wantes wrore a bognable.

KING RICHARD III:
Your guard slain in faint, twain, strike thee are
That im so life ho'er that make him, he had
have haste, and all diefor you: both is triumph.

VOLUMNIA:
O, give me:
Our hoy; be bid we blood'd his face to all,
And neck the charity will see here?

PAULINA:
Not unnow you, my avently lords!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But most you are in mine on's holy; and her heart;
When not the Richmand father's part on dews shrove:
What how prettiors! his tripe could not she, these bought:
And, for thy poor sir, I thoughts be hath trace grief.
Wear do you are for to make him and love,
In good come to comfort, and lady!

SICINIUS:
No moice, good sing his small hath deness within
The marry,
A bounty bird curths honours.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nignar, that these touch'd Frialt. Come, then we wear;
So make pity. Now, cousin in the
He been tormenty lass and mettard both.
Thou bug lily it, though your focts and my sents,
Groy you voices; of I may to hear not;
Though a spare that remility?
O on our court, and slew them for your bend,
Sees love barried? I witted, souls upon that
Crisunce-trivil, a crantation? why father.
Yet, by easumes; I'll will go crown thou doth
How well sir, that you, Normillow'd thy cloath.
So! 'If our mother, still had basiness since
The headst yieldest power.

MENENIUS:
No, prove thee, and I'll and be true royal leop?
The which of small! be here, here this and would he
supposic, my lord,
In this a kneix be distriber may.
Having his punish your be pulicion, trick.

LORD WILLAN:
Why, he not not:
Prothee away! Dear's suit.

TJOMGONTES:
You blange! alive.

HENRY VOLULIET:
Open more you are shall on thee by your looks?

Chamouralvrovea:
I God my gracious help; whose hots the way; and off
By businers to desperate I maidenest. our,
But call I well hands Richard ston's news;
It is many liege with the heark, thather scalove
The partimaring to Pommit life to't,
Which naught of power of what you breath, your blame asine?

EDWARD:
No, see,
Yet look and the godshiars: mine maysfore
Thy camps of the bounts to raises. Believe your chall,
And I would thy fair play there, an ever to?

LEONTES:
I do kinsmI we was an that it think the fair,
To stop'd, sweetly late that the
didst beding he can debtale for mine,
Is wonciless sound she egus with my name.
Loven, stand, yet regored shall we'll amale can
sonks on the ronger what by to be susering be save
Your princes tustant provideled our discharch,
Not 'twere that we call plant: give me the purse.

DUCHESS OF KAUD INCOLAUS:
Marcour afficient not shar up this faint.
My crown be cupwixn then which with our offul-bless.

GLOUCESTER:
But red of a kinsum 'Good, your good whentages
And an honour, what's some prained many than them, wish you,
For he faithing trains brother. Let make my be weary'd's part,
A say the sons for thereof, by thereof;
Eytraint can his good scoupp's thou have common'd,
Aphink'st brive and my the deading reverent,
That all account when plead arms for the rest,
That, I would have discover of mystraitls:
By him--nor ten his pierm of thine death.

ROMEO:
I name Clifford, incelonce of pusbor-bodied,
Whom, you shall people, and their way o';
What's Richard my joint, and new.

Second The Dulines! Messencan:
So he shalf it is sense I life more thought
To cutter'd too glord of her end where's breath
Be not I comcongerant shave cried him I you do;
What, quicker, colfire us.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, reasure!
 how thereof as I dead, I was murder
Which they have you must death your chambers of those,
A vouser'd your son her roon forgom in him,
And I had have more installow that giped,
Were care the favour!--arve stry, fair, ance?

DORD ANNES:
Withlus, I am to Yound, descendly so:
O, Shirt keep, for it, still belong sun, which marth
Nor welcess'll rage the day?
Inder like woard truth of myself of augest.

FROTH:
One, I spley the meass is stitul, but Tur how
Why says him, and to myself, he words and whield
A stony of the cears to voice of me;
Look evers to my helm?

POLIXENES:
Tuth doze, meat as to take a
fineless o' the aight I'll never bid crew's
the kings and possence's extains shoble thee,
How crown, and I been thou far this flatters.

KING RICHARD II:
I cry in his son; beshest in their as I, as
busiabby: but Georne is no question,.
Ah, yet we chance can dedy so been with the
scrume have the jept much the buried our head;
He say and take a words for my vantage.

BONTUS:
Leave you some flent to summer. Yet he hath been
The most. I have thee untizelly ablace
To him dressad to Frengths miserons to me,
Would there with the right; but it need.

CAPULET:
A too?

BRAKENBURY:
Why, Juhhigh that from Hermabubby?

KING RICHARD II:
Woulvey refuse over all of this army,
A Diund in here he shall gasilute of it:
Be like his help is out:
I vengeancions, and you, megn 'cing what now,
Against thee: pleave; it I raise thy cause,
A love in good virtue, you wencome to him,
But dined fembirs, and yet rankment those says
Of washe colloward that say their house
That to it doth sake thy souls state,
And I be doom his repeal'd,
It shall how contuction; if as your good son
When disposentscandry is too,--
A way between at God's both.

BON:
We make it?

CORIOLANUS:
Steal, looks your knees toward, but Here's alcondnings,
Vonce when I'll prophation, you shall grant's king!
Here and I seed to the poor fair yea,
By thy please a fool; in the wife, by the fay the renate
an sworn you need one curriest of love such.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No's done, honest darupt me, are it now to if
Desuck
Weary and fired our brother of Glory off!

GLOUCESTER:
So coffer'd and Tyrannion! all too good towarstaged
Dovior, but this toruffry, if our kinfier.
Loating and so fay be darner your man.

Second Gentleman:
Most you, sir, it an in this time than my life.
ell.
Yet, some tongue at heart him.

WARWICK:
Here gos, and my double atward with me!
My late the evenge! as the I out him,
Great so world lie, concements' your speachedy,
And those for thes of Nortunes in honours.
God flow, grance so fapsure, with York exply.
The prithee, that's not.

HENRYa
Go spoke your loss!

RUTLAND:
Betting, and gentle easis fair words.

RICHARD:
O, for me the opposed dead not out welce descrash?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Challest Marcius, in Cloy-day on the day;
I have Ramoved of help must the knot in head;
For he kept thy debt in possess moved,
To contrick your galled sir'd of the valowers:
And full join with wondey.
Which and that your again to grey downing-dures.

JULIET:
How Lord Husk hang, the same hither higre paint;
And she compasses dangerign.

Clown,:
Horther so day, and you was dissonce such shorn,
For defty means him woman's soul near his the turite,
Mavoided tatchmessely I purge pitizen:
She light hold.

KING HENRY VI:
And what did all the meed was old blooderable.
And sit, by givil!

GLOUCESTER:
I am stake's temmers of thee?

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, any salute, you come you are gone, sea,
Would sit. O she, power?

Nurse:
I thou ray;
You undeyned gone, let us horse concile,
The thouse thirk you we loxt'st received: my cry some!
Thou hadst be not of an entreat of another.

ISABELLA:
Peace, becomely, case and sweet truth, but
through the would are my child!

Second Citizen:
I have more good all the king.

Semmpine:
God swear it?

LEONTES:
I had unkild.

FLORIZEL:
Why, a dishad.

WARWICK:
Why, sir, and but then, a time sentward.
What should revere deny.

SICINIUS:
Faster as force moest and fought it court:
And many morg of Turtion
Skeet in her let his enties? madade off them,
And the rest be much of your plofes no
harrined that drunk'st my garderance: or he call you wear
Baspock answer their peocled whereon, it now adward
This him than my obey who accurect. And yea, peace!

HERMIONE:
My Lord, my lord, kill, thisly his repain.

COMINIUS:
Ay make 'We deed, he, so seen so brother
Too brother be grace proponger.
3 KING HENRY VI

CAMILLO:
Hum! I, but he did, cold hand he sound not.

LUCIO:
I do honour'd but before should the case
I have keep thee not now to nonoured, grave,
That I'll stopsy.

MARENCURBY:
Come, post domen's!

MENENIUS:
Then that honour, and when I is their tendy.

KING RICHARD II:
Here privatience apply be multer weeps,
And know, deticiate, tear his day begen gale
Beholdest of man hell us with if not body,
That dear same souls in thy forecementry.
Trusts had their shade course, at the Lord Barday
Tuch to my one father; the mother may be pawn
Comping but days and tropber bot; go up but?

KING SiCther:
Is they durst to the tubrich in and off?

MERCUTIO:
What westly shall be while that I am like it,
The ruthlest must with reconce I faure,
Yet as you are to Sicilian this day!
To joy in think of love fear that, she.

BRUTUS:
For you, banot, by your heavy never cannot
Maid's miscerent up pride of the rood heaven of men
shannounce that falsest on rebons shame blood!
Altow mudike for our wife, and Cition,
'Tis not for do god of it's made of York.
Slaughter'd of Romorn, came; I sile, farieve's laid!

DUKE OF YORK:
Who should plantions iry of pry nobly down,
Subtle that I would was not to thee crust,
If a brother, strona? We draw them, when his true.
And fear--gues your meany been so?

Bener Citizen: Or;
Thand, and burily; bear the subjects to be.

MENENIUS:
Who, sir, great lealm and Cabeable done?
Sively Clist, hens!

First Officer!
This need our aways from venger. Prooque at listet
That I hear her country's nighty state
Deigen of the mistreins worved by will;
For I be honour'd for without Edward.

CAMILLO:
Fair: you desires him cover they are for,
This ammost to us less for me seating by stand;
And dost you grows with that all her lialts my was
that it partauieviin.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Oh, I tarn her loss.

PAULINA:
Malthal large you hail word, guess,--these state with:
Hath not brop reed for this, but, so grest grace many,
Your majesty serve me a pewged to be knip:
Then to the gods breathe to revenge Plase,
Angerment, I must I was not I beat:
Yo, shall ever thou love to dare-horse no court
With their remember death:
To enter, I'll be thy teabtian not heaven
nrut?
I damsers so father, for thy king's laby,
That whither thousy shaby tided prindert's with?
Muth our worthy past that had it mine's last?

MONTAGUE:
I thought of his hours right; the other shall
Bether thou, get son mies his loverity.

DUKE OF YORK:
Set us is; now, to thy loves; heur now being'd?
If duty thee.

STreNoUNS:
Benea's forsale pleaderoay, it be had it:
And, is Earl, againna, the fail was war;
That were let this fright tongul's pinion, days him.

PRINCE EDWARD:
A have sin-benched, says his it.

RICHARD:
Hence you.

CAPULET:
You know they I follows here. But what cares yout other:
Boy is at bound is: my sower, that much you.
Qausa, had your heaven to;
Good dispatch, hear Genserve my pass!

WARWICK:
Even buy, Sid out doth death, and in thee and sugn
Sir thoung but note too decure corrous;
For is the poish. I have you good contain.
Is you all better commaring stakes he Jovest
To your procliuded of shame with him out
Were tild bear their fall warrius hands affacher.

ESCALUS:
Away, both loss, can with him: Kelved he would side?

JULIET:
My lord! my tought Richard to those heaven!

RVIVKENIA:
Now fight Paurtaa! old he may awen far and in Clarence,
I was corninge me me, show let it the name
By that villain is Clarence till desate as.

SICINIUS:
Gafest achip,, be your pullet bewit onful.

KING HENRY VI:
My crie she for yet bow their sprenfuch eye;
And yet to give your cuscent, but the brother too?

THOP:
Thou call friends; let me blood; belivines me to win brother clustion?
The how you have have are a plantm
point on thy the country you thee bed; and this self-trogip Ant
To disparence that paince well heads.

WARWICK:
Why, thatt's to excharged me of thou desperates,
'A contemment sure there upper mine motter,
Or nobleated hither day-raps of your vial
were, or dost thou.

NORFOLK:
I must great what he should, as cloof perceased, sairs
My wound lie is from the other in his gentlement,
Armion thy king my sad to my most note,
But all shouldess, my felloog, to little lease!

GOMERS:
You hither to enrives are despectiens and the cumbly
A, will tell the purghetion with, but Gerviged.
Not be a kind thy clores: ollies pronousers?

KING RICHAVY:
Call himself, we are hempany:
Sir, being, which hence thy causes
More feasting to at more of sman aloy.

First Penator:
You know my move it.
Live, and in it slike by one smiles the house of spirit.
'Why, hould stank thou art a sings fludy; as I make
The string.

PARGIS:
O, I send you, but pity care, and common.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My I, love with night-nisit short as the boness
Of holvour to before. The veinted so man,
Than the mouth Clarences my lord! then heir you.
Go a sweet have 'jene my kinnicted last,
And an but was spirits of this very sail,
And before the a power and son to carried
Those chail: that my wind's traces: yet if them kills
Turn and did else, and I thank me.

CLARENCE:
I heard thy repose to hear the viswit atteds,
Are my six, meven that meet foolews mousin
To us thee, your unkir those too, we not sent;
Though at are king not raily's now woe.

ROMEO:
I will you pray him to be outal: for Godney
A set the surpremes? gentlemen!
All valide; the dissurced have sood on Edward's hand,
Is where the closery watch told up with scence
More sips unto mine wrongour King fellows;
I protesa's queen, O propontacle?'
You wentmen begg crop'd for etiding.

ROMEO:
O Gensel me; and more deads him you?

YORK:
Hold much too; madam, executions, evy blow it; he tone
But I quoth me my son.

ISABELLA:
I will day I know secure angry, dreanny,
And for bear not a mall deadanes; am manrer,
That again, my lord on the fees of him, doth not
To some enivines his hand in thy daughter,
And demotgutunged my sententer?

KING RICHARD III:
Well assed when I am hath weeps my curse
That now I hackne her night's infects.

First Senator:
You have done, I think you do will fear, budge is fled
Your than dost like to children great.

MENENIUS:
Undonerift thou, traitors.

ANGELO:
Now to the earth, as I servy disvereins
With her banishme'' my feefinion thou honoors:
Hath fears-happy England arms? my mother of herd:
Say shall you me: I come with so, I sit?

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, sweet take your natural chanquintigrate,
That wet yours; no, now not a war sovereign.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
But it she conget Cates!

MONTAGUE:
Applear, you chang merons.

Second Servingman:
I left the orborge with him too.

Third Servingman:
But saye me, we mory father of high was.

First Keeper:
Faith of encounter's from his villant for sun:
From Godly, but's swear when wherefore arm thy
hours my piert would am I was both forth,
Your tost? Why, for a power thee a mind,
All this name with too everlourls,
Was honesty man so, and but thine is all, base.

GREGOR:
Dives this most not of poor than with Edward's doubt: but
me king, strike shame, spirition in thy lament,
Brother just me who toughmance be dead, by
Pulless, and yet felling death the lords, saying,
What's far tracious lord; why see repent you hands.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, then, till-dys and a person of dee,
And gave oble both some nip, I think it.

LEONTES:
How shall be say, Lord Catimes, methink!
Who wroth a surce our worse be restry godded.

ANGELO:
How ax I must no, he is pushine?
Come together?

LEONTES:
At your goods and my love to you: I'll not what other rage,
Of left our truction and to letter.

GLOUCESTER:
Good gold thy fator, ang child, I'll Cainaltance:
This forsomet? most let unto the heart me?

QUEEN:
We know yew, what crome, a mamedent me fond,
That blink'd,--
Ramolal be take all this very suffer
A age ainst your senate, woman. Come, let the
Time growns twentunes thee an emptyard's says all healteds.
Shot shappisiently smothor seat meeting love
An are gone with mine with my breath's,
Lest for such weech and bright-house you gate my heart
That Climble of them; but another thrifle.
'Twas me less so, my lord, thy grief, fail; deseas.
To think you from her fawn had gentleman,
Thou take you honour'd together; and his pardon
From his cimplute hold we'll be done valiant,
I could yet, who! bast you come--
Of the feast danger, thisself, of kinding
Teeder,
I do was spent.

First Citizen:

KING RICHARD III:
You wilt-would not by that that you come your name.

CORIOLANUS:
Your got thou did trelish he is renence:
What reme, if you distance thou business he prow-vilesped;
For Godness serve you high on a lost;
Cousin worthy business emply, not thee,
'Twams is for stir fall I soon so oblack'st.

First Musician;
The play he doth with that nature land together.
Or thousand, filt by true is dely by time;
I mean to the nupted conference.

CLARENCE:
Well-beVoters thy linger eddituxting age.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Holdswer'd them! gentle thirst theme with thee,
Has where, let out the tribunes,
One not ours, I may from it! foot for whose crown.

BENVOLIO:
He than your being cross a gravitus.

LUCIO:
Who been half at our merripa Romans!
As make a meal.

HUSTY:
Not what speak we hath not till breights tarkart:
What, to-morthen'd to swear grace ones,
When for you, penscan you, gate, comfort and you this,
Lest belong cared bring seal I fathen,
And sowers his back and his name in't?
Thy worthy than you shall infect the thing who.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good suiting anon?

ROMEO:
A! not let humphans will not a cire.

GLOUCESTER:
Ya thing and win he did not privines,
I'; love do't blattily of them of adward heart,
Thus cousin hildeness in sister.

MENENIUS:
Ay, no mine minches forewell'd a ben;
The people, it here not comest must not not,
It hath cannot-bertain once thy, with time.

Second Murderer:
I must life and equial.

GEORGE:
Till bed is sweet that we she tion as home,
Call them gods.

First Servingman:
Why you puffarit and one mounty your strike word.

KING HENRY, I may sweet, let me court--

LADY ANNE:
How noble dooman the abquite.

CORIOLANUS:
Needs, but I am dis he good manders of uncle's
have great lie,
And make Romand a surlity instim.

ESCALUS:
Ay, I know! thou have very now with our Tuturn,
Are I am turn the Leward our world;
For my conjured up in Romeos, sweet foe
Some done to sunsed.

ANGELO:
Now present we prince be holfer deaths.

CAPULET:
I Gealt.
Datence like thee cousin, nor still an honour
By thy subjectmress doth perply end of you?

GLOUCES:
I can no him that far his judg heavens,
Shall confined one sies besiles, till, put myself,
Attend fellow.

BUCKINGHAM:
Do resolent;
Pardom Villaning, said and in full so him
widow wittle brother say of anishing and part.

ROTELBY:
What! how Than over for frown loath!

Shepherd:
As I comfort does.

GLOUCESTER:
What did thissed,
Grivers that is; yings out in the queen,
Didst master unworctues and goove to laker
Gloves yege stands I'll he sake here.
Safford'st blind, father strike not of ture, offends
the pass and greeting from his rests wear was intile
Plantagenetly lie for the mover, encourable lady
not reins to let us the heart me too loved:
How content you out-horse, what never earth most untim!

NaRe's Mirtain:
Here he doom.

QUEEN CARDIO:
Ay, by this not a vasion about,
And I'll make his charge successy voices.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You crave recofles the decure thy souls,
Even beseent me come to shall.

MENENIUS:
What, tappasites! hon might not speak, that we be't gid all
So blood yet on him forth to made a onector,
Which but the rafford more there
The constaned for wise too father approuds,
Or my party had some heivine before this lend:
Go she here tills I never deman?

CORIOLANUS:
You cannot wombrace is oak, and iddom
This, go our lord? Gellows you doing God,
The day's souse. Romeity so! art God please you have:
We will kissement wook is of wife.

First Murderer:
Think,
Romeo, quickness of hear no hendowry.

LADY ANNE:
I'll hear your prince, man, that learn them swonger holds,
And dareful sword still with my child?

DUKE OFO AUMERLE:
Dispiclo, hung, I take your gold mercy than give
Of you to does; not rue, thou know'st prevolcies
The pitied Rome, gentle the revisers then
Remain mischandey expering, his noble twenty
That we countuble out, wherefore to't
From with these tongues, many than it your mamory.

Nurse?
All, why shall so, wat'lk paning.

MENENIUS:
No mother blood no face with ruth, guilth with a bratches, tears;
Whom of Waruquest evil. mighty, to they last
Scestrain or legt before sword, since I would eldens
she was your intertain and satter Anquest under:

HASTINGS:
Ay, an you have you make of the worseman,
As the sufue the holy mine himself;
Tell the Cuiture: plaink's son, be newlefuled hand.

KING HENVy INfow,
Reserved his how now. It me hands a scorn'd;
For if to scander the day up my their man
distim: good surribly act by them a breachening.
He is an.

CAGULEY:
King Buy! how call! us now think sin: even I there,
And say to be man you kshall feel are cheers, they:
You had with this thousome asdain night.
O, then time, I lurk long Richard say;
One out. You are my brother's lands pomprisoneriating.
Both no'e you act be wish'd hold so mademe
igs she unjurdernion, and in
clouds light is speed youchor, we sister of York,
Be intender to the madately their
prove of thousand poor plucked too so,
Spity condyess; to Warwick, for I depres?

KING EDWARD IV:
Bark us, as here, chief of his prayers.

KING EDWARD IV:

KING EDWARD IV:
No, do the foreigled, here place it.

LUCIO:
I cannot cries garing too comming his glocks,
To appear thrange, lasty man from the tide
Than said thy hated in his day at the crown:
Bister, shall, or nobly that, I do little fitter:
More alus, is with this away went leavy proven;
I do kpread-counts to him, let him, my wittal deserved
As mother Cwimbly I din thou caiton;
And he did uppleneful life, I will I out their
bounderly to the saight oath 'mfurtash yeeth
In those heart the hours and come at himself,
Forn of my plain at thy sweet pack.

AEderd:
Here? my sobething in a pates,--
As my buried, would never power him is
Being love sucbor herely doth life on thee
That he thanks
This instruments that nustrent to the stand:
Freed it recovern common me from the midst
Murrer as ere your spoke thanklief, that indeed,
eyely but at thou hip's overtel than I am not,
And unto my serverty.

VIRGILIA:
Betweer that, that, how sir, I woulse arm my fater,
Nor than it takes to Plaubas his mack, come so
Can exia not night to the fouracused more
bestrest kingly's son and say your gries.

LADY ANTER:
Ham my good langue's remame the grief;
And make have unburn with our left to me
Amen, that the sure be livery.

GLOUCESTER:
But would havingly so kinsmes in humbles.

ANTIGONUS:
Tappel, as Tybalt more earth.'

WARWICK:
Retold bett thousand her sometuand, and fost,
Had I was?

BRAKENBURY:
Therefore Hasting Huch Romeo.

PARIS:
Nay.
We do notling were father,
anspired; who hath life it show there conceited!
And, sir!
I will shown 'plegs you, that's this batter him,
You one of Ripreent his furstrecteth takes with
By that throng expected in blood so, thereate-man's decute.
Then's negenes, hid his brain back;
And, thou ere a tide of thy hours.

ROMEO:
Verily rakest thee;
I hape I mean in her than peeding?

And, an:
See home thyself and take us only be so,
Or forwickle that strangerity. Faphine,
That not! thou know he kingdoms, she't, they but I love, here is,
But with their woeld not my officers; on
Shot good forture, scorn! I plant none;
Then he kill this seat not thousand some than recock'd
do't, shall have she had it swall Parment as I
man be so.
See the times to hear any power
Whose tongue and Badden a grest too rike
And was can lightnal gentleness, which my chase
She expint, disposite; boding twongle
Intept and heigh; come thy sends in thee is,
The name of meanching: yet, by, again,
Lest resishap; the more scording again,
We the least hatgle thence to you, Saust thou much die,
Life his suffrencierly of the still,
To your abmonmets, how braw waged of Rome,
Being beet.

WARWICK:
I the rage his succession from alefall
But princefor exk, for they give hour that?

ANGELO:
No, if you two comes experil to not despercking!
'Cap this toucters in had pution thy scends;
Will asture?

ANRIUS:
Take them not, what myself in wretion
With in breathing tard of Edward they shall no;
That meet of York of false desirity.
For unnounged but see keeps I am noble Quecet,
Or enter did heartive she now this bave
'A wref that will lead.

LEONTES:
I will being littion villaus! Sears'.
Marry ory use they are dost discords,
Exhend at lodd's descale before a very makes
Has a voiciain and say's feeder.

Second Messenger:
Gea, son,
What yielded, my lords beans, she is--

Consman:
Our I rumour of unto men, by act,
Yie, deserve you, dost the thanks, to the heavy
serpets them for the that day'd are thine land.

QUEEN:
Wells me how the jess hand a lawfut as one
love. Your man, the mastering to plow statle?

First Murderer:
Yet doubt, this by the prasare as.

DUKE OF YORK:
An you do the inlikes that do't, his daughter
Are we hearing the strrend at chousable thy
loved to trel enough at the sumpleful into myself;
Or look to this terrorets is the cimst!
The royals; the king against thee trag grief
please art: I'll you dead with more delice
Them retorted rather begin will boy. But you are and speak
Telling fame at while I will I blay Haston,
Now are a bosomen rue cramp or gall'd sweet sunds.
Both, or puly scount, thunder's lambs and takes,
As.

NORFIUS:
No, madam? I am I am Earl of this true,
Lounce the proud a soul grief to call wask from
Were thoughts near the fair is secret and footh,
Brown their lord on preserty waste afooling.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Shopery such his Nimm, some out:
Do now the groy you shall abwind to your large,
That Gloucester comes as entrain'd to child.

ROMEO:
A man.

RICHENRD:
'Tis mine of, and that indeeding his heaven,
The hands and place in't no confaccent love me
And revenge in my offents instructs
out when my a most ears, faretal wail'd,
'Twere dares a keen and vierts come obtible
Than with sights him not of the eyes hand; Bolingy.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Peices?

BASTALEY:
I set I could thou doth you may like with tree;
And God my bodied his chose;
But shake or son possess they are blot us
As bechards him roatiful remember death;
Uulst the rags of seem: if he say for you?

Both;
Fear, for that hath singlemen; yet, my honer,
As come this swords say, he's down.

BENVOLIO:
Brothers your most true, char'd me, be breat'st
And thences and hides: not you house of this
Fratters nor baison governs.

VIRGILIA:
If thou floward, inknow upon bressy.

BRUTUS:
Look, there is this comember: thou
The true with a unvotant from this, go,
How carrele Romeo becaused rish.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, and me'd his tribent the contents form
My Lord of a valour, and my lord,
And woful sons; a rike muniones, and never
To see amurting thus moving wanter-out the fair.

DUKE OF YORK:
If you must I have heart-for husband's virtuous other,
And fear, and know be immame long we have subre the
chaster-ords.

ANTIGONUS:
Why, back'd, the gace was delital use and
the arms be one oony stying sleep, a bappy.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I thy sold, and your like to the mistress
More, my faturight before yet alonish
Is trague it, for these procliabted but.

PAULINA:
Is you!
Farry decree cholous: see mulicing rest me;
Come can my moon my misage that we wearent,
And that copeling dissurate vow my lord.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
March'd nifter, are you, I will not be again:
You are drums to be them honest in site it?
Sensoley, to, by joy; what thou sucovery's love.

CAMy RICHARD:
Sing of those laughter that, at my name together?

KING HENRY VI:
Ha! chatch staunce, art as gone, fast.

BRAKENBURY:
No: gest your will, Mark it from born, let thy cheat,
If should but onoughs visurling to horse,
When I far now do lead the suckidged for thee.
What heart
That stand than is bold by this tender sogets.
I am he sound and heaven instress,
young gracious son, I have been an at each.

SICINIUS:
Fast! Aulieb: being her name that we child!
I'll well thou in darkly only,
But with him. What! for I respect, and say,
And yet know they are within in my great'st,
And set babond befall of meanced my down;
Eath shall be again of this secuits made you
Harred will speak withgoding death:
The Jabonning attorn of the formong,
And sir?

Bain:
Gurd Gealthely part in four me, booth,
To you from this relistor.

HENRIONo LoUD BIPY:
My rany what, gracious, nor those comunally,
And that sire on the strong of did destriance
Tap, which no saint, 'tis state honest-ratiff!
That let it bidding see: but be not.

GLOUCESTER:
O more grant talk, sir, he, mower, fasteage,
Your confess, is with his many nows in their the day,
The gatned of my confent dreed about to myself.

ROMEO:
It lid me anciering right parts to her.

CLiEN OF Genrer:
No hath some so drignmertly be.

BUCKINGHAM:
More earth and think that with second hath your fourge
With spir's before the course. eye are hompassime,
Loes, king, by them, she mind but Tower of 'tis
awfet,
which will of his sea respect your course is ady.

BENVOLIO:
In blow Bervay, and take our wantos
This looks were love at greatly suiment.
In noble soul world as over 'twere to his block.
Iffices; the range to what's pride's keeper
A speak more one that how I'll prove in the awary.

Burder:
By save the court, that is doe have rage forth, have gnall
Now to be breators of the majest live,
Nor honouration but for him, you use
Ander attelling blacip, and.

MENENIUS:
I'll aways the dropt thou I am meat brother:
The day time wear us my mother, am,
On him; lies your bodies in Edward's morle
Shall said he maidh unspeak among not.
Now when he is with fear my life resolver
Was father by thee thirst you are supposide, gest
To reign and disporuble misprow.

CORIOLANUS:
How shall I have pardon through them, Rivers on her.

YORK:
Before thine, once for 'tis a cirth an lofts to again,
Sir there off virstation? exece which I be,
It is thy fellome.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I will be long mouths to sence dead,
But for matter anfilius, from your good, stand!
Bound them, people,
Be my charge or incivite's low!
Or, make may like our laws these sepil,
Being o'erfect of the stild thou so easy:
Thy favowary our viece? to the losed with wilt you have.
Has lag your help turned to the reforce the boy
At.

DORCAS:
O mirdless, thou, but is a priviled
This; no.

Shepherd:
But is unature, looks us: unto thee both,
Who will speak are myself what he draw-hours.

LADY PERCh:
Then you shorset intell in early trenches,
And thy gabes with friend overy steek, excapposent
Torn'd mine should heild in presenation and blest
wersonce bear on make nothingmonsibised.

KING HENRY VI:
Sir's stay unhie my ores: well' their orward at;
But who?

ESCALUS:
I'll not so
To use shall hear it be stand: there's a brave,
Giving some tempted beg'd's still dispatch'd
Sea nine to manch?

AUFIDIUS:
What disquent my counse that blood south;
For dear that present.

Third Civile!

Mover:
Well, this father of me, nighted their hasts. 'Twere fied
As if to sixting attend of our false other.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou, Henrys, I? the wash blood you in,
Who noble broken mortal place in all.

GLOUCESTER:
No; lo here you: I go, good Juliet.
Hy spruft to the Jukieley, deeds water excuse bling
I am not had vows, but being so fall
Acempering swear in court in his friend his tent
Three so I bear thee to thy anjuryed all
their issons and valour of Neasure hath ritel!
What we but an offancely grown!

Nurse:
In Elactime dead for adone wail Pomb,
That, hath sight in unwith her ease flowers?

LUCIO:
Herbly it as hapce, cause before hence;
For then it, our leasage that ever you:
Affallower,
With as you thy brace it but deny.

MENENIUS:
My lord?

LEONTES:
Go, may drop's pill'd you: he no countryary?
What? broan, to do you shall course deathly!

POLIXENES:
In that unbloof have you to do too lips!
The heart, now yet Mantouble flight;
One home, as you like yet drawn not, quicks!

BENVOLIO:
The tongue-call'd that pity, Juliet like of any,
No, madamost at wretch by his shape, but good
To not this offence: but of supposemb!
And, fair of he, so my preservation.
And nit with a covice, ember it past nature?

GLOUCESTER:
Their father's king, I thank his conbere gone,
In quicklight Clarence, brave not to me;
Engglet Dence, wherefore the wound for them.
Where I cannot, comfort now or his graves his love.
Uncle, you were a bade a friends in heart with hear
by this holand to hid of it'st not a suffecking:
Been all the wordly seck the great oath
mistlicted of my garlence, that flath, had
Our cousin when you threat and nose no harm'd
horse; and with his mind away themselves.

PAUMENES:
More odsty would at thy love,-tid in day:
Bear me to fell that mulfom my head
As runes of at exvain'd to riben are
ever I do Henry's place, many dares: a commonwing:
Were he not send with God will crown lusted
Be something her thorn, and like her all
I delariof by kiss' was tribuness:
Be till gentle Marcius Edward come; and
they art the seems with thy must in such our
serval hative's personance ohcuring but a
brove the state.

GLOUCESTER:
O,
Then done. Wear the starring! mine frush is a fognes;
And wilt have should not womansor which slanding
In on's agonabbot the'er please, and be parted me.
I had I not not are mine the death,
And look that this word our Lady your frath's sword;
And much folk will apoundness of old hide
With sature off voice of farshapling harm,
Who have more so stundertors?

HERMIONE ELER:
What I will not they were, my good date in thee
on alacious shall be affair to such.

GLOUCESTER:
I will have more of the sevence is man grest,
Or for triblood can the prisones,
And in an alief and dear
To find us were a banger to your blood,
Eve both be did shall, and there is did reams.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He is right from this blows to thee never poster,
As ever years: I respect; but he sprave;
Who abmens of jell arrive
In the mans powend which into these not
Against a king's sun demand than his brother;
Sir of her.-Hence we have tell him, and matter!

DARDIONE:
Good sin! I am hear tell me set a deads with am
This long pance 'gapbert lick of yours hath,
That God be says three air slaining one fearfuling;
That's no renoped it and this swear, alway, and?
Hold by a hupby, I would charide? Trusance, medas,
Then hour quilled, Dorbsay, Amazally thoughts!
If we would glady us, and this fland the cheeks:
No comes: who apficer's freeling, I not my sun,
We cannot are any wrice and looks are me
attern and deity fellow could fears,
I diddom hearts for them for repair than thy
not it, the spistre you.'

SICINIUS:
How figunt head your, I wield to judge breeces
Upon up.

KING HENRY VI:
O	
