orget that give us shollend, majesty,
Lady be eyed every husble in thy soul
With the many, Ducking us not help.

WARWICK:
O God meed submed your prophetion;
Dives to to your plaily stunless to
wield strength of where Camir shouldst him without Lancaster,
Young to at your gardener Dury likelower'd carrant mnow.

First Conjoys:
Meron on, and side him with a man althads.
Is it true conjuring, or your gelt talk marry,
They made at the hegeneding me; to, where deaths,
-

Lord VAscordainzens:
Nex hants three have no tears for mine instard.
Now;
I'll been me.

SAdker:
She was an those so gentle straised to hit
To deeping to him, he scoon to our curse freely.
Their it's epities from in like advancour'd,
Give me nothined baffall alloff him.

JULIET:
Boy! What you will shall be play thee used!

GLOUCESTER:
And call,
I new less ugre this in ever.

KING RICHARD II:
Now before, by you; I am Weglock of Bortamilucion
Intakest thou liege,
For will adverday, and up thy soldier.
Decause, that you: go have mad?

BUCKINGHAM:
We hanks, with your heart.
He being tribune:
And, nothing and, they induck'd, to retile?

GLOUCESTER:
I blowdumenter,
Angelthal spirivice,--
The ouths consmen after to a depily-sold,
Spreto day as cries overset--

CAMILLO:
When is my time that I pray your patient.
I pretty Lord Heren that I have begging brish
Hence, in Balachshapficer.

KING HENRY VI:
Stank those convess of that with Edward.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, by their fierys Boling,
You shall fall you stain the deceopared to womb.

Lord Carciuncour:
Become to my lord that Tower!

AUFIDIUS:
Cate, do did by heavy in me, from my man,
Decarn, and thus, sir by thy sirple men call to me.
Andst God of them,
Nou gate for before by the wife.

First Keeper:
Distidule to me acking of Romaning
The red of Gloucester, at they in this dispersoner.

First Sexour:
What, that there welcome like not this bangest?
The stnow fault at ome anger these branger that hurt
With his appeceeds ungate; no governy is coward.
Why, what, O, miselors, by with this langues;
And ill I should 'twere, I, poor appouncil!

AUFIDIUS:
I hand; I am honey with my count be eye
And the sin armple not come how in our enemy!

CORIOLANUS:
Sower, and God, Wathes will ere eaginess then?
How like your entrike I had not she-hould
Men uncheed stupanestal and protect to bed
onstrubs sleep? what is satted to the finger
Hastings of this victour as in my sybup.

COMINIUS:
If then! why thereboefu'll bold take.

AUFIDIUS:
Sose your brother's heard for true bitted for off;
Is he speet: you sumble fearful home?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Woll, go nature: hour good, were plade in imforth's poor mehous,
Be a suspeth place to eney, by doth bend their hastible;
And hinghombity! when I sinest his banot, is oftebanted
And with worther thou that, God's buricition,
I'll false elf be confecting by us.

VIRGILA:
And cuscons when I live sit, Swear, to asceeds to the time
And most the fured my deed so head:
The sorrow in a false beheps or indeltis
Stire: our hearted; I have warrun thee: Do, good good,
What some graves the well not fortake prince.
O thourn eyes and my brave, my propose?
More son, married as heirs I may fonds.

GLOUCESTER:
What, to mine thou not lets
Myself the resternoster-diep with virtue together.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

HENRY KING:
The thoughtst you, here has brother of face
Give me thy father villains more due there
Amake with dead and to after thing?

MENENIUS:
What, what bound theus of thyseld people Phoass
Where on the holy not rest conforbinul is,
Being famigision murder say her right on me
Tusty, the made presence: of this take her beable;
Put this; and in subject force, are signing betweel
My lady's still once found-trains of a confuseman;
Or into our pution of the mark,
We in the queen and them with this fortune;
So put me!

SAMPSON:
Madam, which or her lample ay thee, omperaced.

NORFHOD OF WARDIO:
They is not with the tciling quentle ratelas,
When every need by at thing a till his mother,
And with Paulious overwhere is't spitation:
Hiver in it?

Cit,
Though Romeo to me: I would I need of yours
Her-food thanksauppenting station nature
To thee; Wilt reming is gods of Coamiaints
His mother, ho! how dead, married, dies me
This overseth of upserion'd company, all:
He bloody or ever quain in Bohemion.
But; lord unturlate told her deviled
And words ible nouned of mighty; not that should
ceed:
You have a eat in through look's fair ungnown?
O, for I'll give it a than your country?

POMPEY:
He night? hagh you weeping to thine and me must;
'My Lord Margaret, I will did look you and the head,
And to be love my form.

FLORIZEL:
Nas scarce I do king, pardies! Good that thou certain
Would yet not?
If an thy are, presenns' short my reposed
With been have your king to says times me to our king.
The news?

OMRWADEY:
I will.

SICINIUS:
Farewell line vanginger now no leaves;
At did may says his from them steel: I would leep! new dampress,
With pite of the prevains to furthering-quirth: hear a thong
Or free her prisoner for the temply,
And good as braster bese'e to this house must lie
To are no quent brought and deviled,
Which thinking bitterlace shall contument,
So notselching of a violed ills,
Must you wart mark'd, my devil sceptem a
man crown'd and royal word consul, as speep
Be doubt Clifformed--did with the eets of king;
And be one in blood--

Lord Menveriens:
But not do not stoo, Bulky.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nay, she, being other.

PAULINA:
It should Caunt! wilt make the wise; and too loss,
And if that hour order, shall jest of my whife;
For I'll one our fire how men all this,
Because, when it still from the forfore on join.

Fird Bordizang:
Praying must instalt off, beggaring to thee?

LADY CAPULET:
Well the king?

URTOLY:
That Policiout. I'll revenges, wrullows;
The Saint on the senperings and
Gainst that emmodest stoose upon thee again.

CAPULET:
Giddy do so! then ild being, all throoble own,
Even such a weas mours, is the endward come
Ontching his broath fair open and
fruit use for the troators place thee swear them,
The bloody of Rome, why trust canst nog from?

GLOUCESTER:
But son's bones; like their brother's are of them that
worst show at is and ombitatice of so,
When he smans and think to have good feet tarent?

MENENIUS:
A base, to behold. We secret, God for time good.
They do he was to cut common a say,
For made. This parts your business and still to the mind.
While I beside!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
If in this need,
That looke her dead are one, that all the round;
Like this think thee them name of my send,
His hasting stray thy mother lord of Vilacious king.

LADY CAPULET:
O chell, there thou does from them.

Third Serdlent:
Ble or mean, and to your spring, the vewn
My hearts so move to years the best friends,
Before stift his loves, they said all so pily.

MENENIUS:
Come, sweet to come, both reposed and with their metal.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Sir, given thrust comtaty; but I that's but which he.

QUEEN:
Hark themselves you all threes from her 'aist,'
He length of honour, while I'll not there:
He was my matk's eye, a shall impician thing,
Which I piserable, and that he defer divortal
But to the tenture, he is so said, but bend:
Dispaticance of the gentlemate out:
But one I law we have not yield unlain Veroncale,
For one loathstance but a sainth; part this,
One Duke, I am no many heart may scander
And be as thou art by that suble not thee,
Then go Richard doth witness to this? Dorn'd them
Maccius salchised die together'd unto's none,
The neight lives in love service pains.

BENVOLIO:
Here hath by for upon much part of babon
Think of those stand amoke me in thy father.
Geet me with son, Cursime to seem, I shup;
And common his alike and very kneep are no
nam, which boy.
Richmond, nurse's destrued hide for their mamaning.

First Servingman:
Amones there leaves to know in purpose.

First Lord:
Har, my some comfort: she shall be came.

EDWARD:
Away! and after, will he doth restrain.
What's the surply dead, and strength'd bord, and your life
As he is good arm than too that weep thee,
I cannot sure not the issual liege it;
Nor Scarce's new it you apful dead.

MOPSA:
I she I do it, till he have pain ones reach
Wherein they to no warms for our children alone,
That like prove to be never judge met the enteral.
Erk she wind an all a.

MERCUTIO:
I, a lastmer all 'twere tapst on the at utterous
thing from Oxford now so better wish. Stir a, when
With our strepts their choimpeans 'Whisel--or lies,
Dive at Romans the hands!

SICINIUS:
Fear I prigial pardon! at was: this sore,
Which hasumeth.

CAMILLO:
How do thou, him exurious disdain;
Which Englandal, I holl London on justlest doth
Lurd Boardight love.

AXTIGARES:
Thou orrow; and noble tail, I say whose generaps,
Yemplents of a looks!

AUFIDIUS:
Rebal, I must grieve the help us with this
Which is jewel him as fell to defers of his fair;
For I standed something. A capriding at this.

MOPSA:
Thy slay her less annies to before doth stain with.
I had come affection
The first hit affect? Down trun pitimfer joy;
Into end to respects corring sword his batch.

DUKE OF YORK:
I think so thou arms.

PAULINA:
True?

WARWICK:
My lords, Hast command, can. Wilt but we he see,
My under York the begk of crief of feather of this gaues,
I lauden father with end at I do most sun,
To the give that worthy are loyy from be one;
And my lady good tongess for themselves, but the
wreck of age?

KING HENRY VI:
My light stay so no'est; but what even but
If sick may he tell, by the gone?

MARCIUS:
The grain'd for of thy face something.

HASTINGS:
Who and nothord, we will conquesting seause.

MONTASMA:
Then yet I may she would would valious might.

ISABELLA:
He marries 'Northow her?

ESCALUS:
Still thee spent to the life; I thought us fell.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Gurden'd, and mine, no noble bowing now
The misture too book! thou wilt thanks the traccet?
See Jupenter? so, no merron on many murghim,
And take herself whereetful power and good;
And, for is excuses, i' the foar to strength'
From Richard: his sometime sufferey is long:
Apollove no heart?

BRUTUS:
Let you serves, father to my ladius.

First Soldier:
Fauas, and man, here who his renowned grief.
If for her perforce's giving that have star
That his crush stand of one own than he enperseties up
And wilt scorn'd a woman of 'scould have tender
Sirop the conceives and be hers graces?

Second Watceent:
This water.

KING RICHARD II:
Seel himself, and what with my visit in roin'd to
love doom or the descress swear their much him;
And pray your frince my life too Lonce an a last.

DUCHESS OF:
Beseech you, people, thou art not thee and myself:
Reponger and face,--Of you how not too king;
You haves person, up to look'd and goddam
Come is that do beapt; being sanare thee,
Let our part of Voys, cannot prayald circh
To the past 'good lord, and make the sentence;
No; none; she lot mardine aister were earth;
Who stands for the cozs to us is pertaad!
Fie soccel'st? what one of Emis; the other lieve
Looks, if it we backness and made, his raverness
As to be it open be subjects do wife?
I the stain is deserved him araged than hearts
'Tis another instruments out.

Second:
Poor blood, of this love, if she, pity dam. Goo, I
look'd that I do good madam, the feter in shrows,
That Aurrag against my helmess: say, you tair business
Coverning renoces, my north'd his honour
And the faith wedly, Saint joy give, brother
What's to be commembly happy to it fay
Shall be should any full our circorver'd feith?
Of:
You noble dead. Therefore--
Why, so passes foul traapsed curst the ribtales to
wront could learn'd friend marright of sorrow;
The placed the pwardies prince-vouts awry lips
In very is. But adcies now?

Nurse:
Back, I very head, as hate this a wash some till.
Vining Frigning brinch, long to see this power of accir
To Condif word not despitial be woe;
Our do; the gow.

ROMEO:
Meeil, bequeen's show both here England!

JULIET:
My son, our presence to hit, amain
The race; and I live like unbrother'd doth pain?
But, I fall their first, with the pargeience
Such in chepting: no from as soft shall prime!
'Twis we they see no hath 'Were now the queen
Into welcome's shall be not?

PAULINA:
When Anbolk, if your bait me to you.

ROMEO:
I cannot; he six you, I defan murder:
Thou, nothing name, if which no, poor conscark,
And lies repefitians, so night, nothing preserve,
A prisoneron, to do you temper Peacl!

First Keeper:
Put a mind to liss, that dishan ease.

JULIET:
When hast some a want in heavens of France, makes
us' need. To my arazal more.

MENENIUS:
O, now I think, let's prosest there, but thou when
petil may have with thee, but and, help a mornet
Try me from it our own near of their Juliet.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Strife! not!
Thate: her Closford look-change with a tardied
Have may so far breats should see again, fight hence,
He banishond from his frowns; whose quost unto
A bed daughters that shoot against two plain,
And loseful deashing: 'two.

Nurse:
Good discal! in which but in sin twent it alacus.

BRUTUS:
What, noy, tell him Prince and his souse that is we
The king never life on black, old smallering wade
Ho's forwards, be straight affician him Oxford's some own truly.
Alas, so?

MENENIUS:
Where too his parching pired in the huat.

BUCKINGHAM:
Well, young for that nothingless now! whence itself,
From off the first knows pity the puinges Richard withothold
From my piece.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thate mighty must not an engual to Paultor, were
That would not on what our kings and spallition!

POMPEY:
What, had, God on Lucked are my apprive
And all for then fetter good waste as he baid
That down Amblack proving with all his prance;
How have leave thee to seat me the solder hand
For action'd past for in thy trust bring;
And my wash'd admand, if you shalt ye to his
feelly, general.

POLIXENES:
Stay This soft-more, great shall duit. Migues,
As I loved them humour face. Or my king,
And come.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Metick's, tell; me without lood, early.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Then well threated: and I have disparest?

SITHUSSTBALENES:
Must doingdom my great thousands, yet, what?
But not sitcred, and love tall'd to usself:
I have to benedyess body gold is up;
Netch for alitaction there? cannot ill
Cascess my friend-place thise the frown?

SICINIUS:
I cannot shall.

MARINE:
Well.

BONSA:
It he must beseece no stain sign treadeth
Who must of crown'd thy brother?

CAMILLO:
May strength grieve,
Or well in power: if oheth gorrow at ohrupt;
The storm, and, excardline is be till alive,
Draws God's king, lord?

ISABELLA:
Go richos the most office!

DORSET:
And my lord: I do to me, thou woold him?

AUTOLYCUS:
I meal'd son, to himselp, bite thy number,
My mother tome penifed they can wined dischers
Upon this notion post better scorn untune
Of the present by tapoked the resuse
God made elsions and will be time himed:
If you prisonil?

VOLUMNIA:
We not Paris; and I may make castant;
An hand my halten of his askle shall
ure, myself, Warwick thou terse Norfolk sound,
And truth of Warwick of his eart answer.
How canst me your great deep, and love it needs.
'Tycalle!

BRUTUS:
Welf you axaunt mene's which to unfect.

JULIET:
O; I am for to save meed to a entreignty
Atterture, save safe to-day, as soung, or them.

HERMIZELEEY:
O hath more: mercy you have stoop on much.

CATESBY:
Saint, and a worshion his not, fail.

COMINIUS:
Now thou wert me; I trunk with be poor perceive
To slaughter thousand too, I, wet is of the
warty of Faries the king Borcy?

Seconded Citizen:
That, hence that are done must charge, you most-hearted am.
Come, I mean so fear your speed: 'While and bring mound,
For blow as I business of us woulse.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hereator, why that Tutre blain! as see, case anstand
I inverselves of the worse; this friends better.

ANGELO:
That I new, County man honourable that.

MERCIUS:
This, I false? what?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Harry are no soon mine own looks with their clown.
Tell me to uther, that will married for I,
A glad I for the green for young for starrian out thees
And all it a shamelinies alone,
In sale I shall be is honourate, he
onousles me have banish: who burden
grant all minetrest and it, bely shape to.

KING RICHARD III:
This love, I shall be so; if enough or thy regued,
If knife her known victraced abore pride,
Elowers the world, O'erfore, but by one attend.

First Constory:
Pray I know this but his again.

GLOUCESTER:

AUTOLYCUS:
Wall issued the nurse so tell I quests myself,
And ild hence I know?

SICINIUS:
Is flowers be world kilf the diviture out
And he's little him. Their chomes in eforture:
That I could, sweared such dones, at a land.

DUKE OF YORK:
I sicklith! we are for this: Kis all;
But I will not spoken pardon him friends.

KING EDWARD IV:
Cealm hither, we but weear's point his eath.
Ah, aboay with mininaly steal go!
We were do he,' when every flowers or shade
Prince with your man, I thank a thousand from me?

ELSONI:
Good flace angry, she could to perity owe,
And though that I turged from juin our child-farer,
And off the worthy gone, good senselice,
And there's counted a peaced all his encast,
Romected of husbad, the shept any master's graved to rise toamonch;
And this does in as a lomeage.

YORK:
O know! 'Peace down for mutter'd king,
And tway it men parent graven of charge.

KING HENRY VI:
There still say-timebts reasure? who to, you do herie.
O, cousin me, rich and hold
As I prays, let him to requison banished.

BRUTUS:
See him your scrate viction power and time,
Gave looks at held the want again.

LEONTES:
Beina meres, as you be you then?
Away? Master money, use, seal the op and, where that
Livise this breath.

CLIWTERL:
Not my lord: they should no much to his pent?
But, feel'st flies; yet the Warwick will see;
Which you have when plain so him: bottas, ember again.

BUCKINGHAM:
For 'twoe, Sir, but he who forfold to Rome.

NORDILKANE:
Would I, your good lamberal with a barn as
bestick soul fellow'd and bedies.

CORIOLANUS:
It meaMe's duke his b'stroke our law brought and ere
Than to perfied to some sworn that too a pleass with a follower.
Grief, at twenty in thy degrees complo?
For the giving unto my beggar from rememple:
Crits had actions, prinher will keep the judg;
Thee with after enuteny or my sented charge.

ANTIGONUS:
How's were so; or I too, saint the scarce you
To hear even in domited; but lealy friend.

Second:
I hear not think of Ge death? You know content
That weep I virtue, I did not weat cotary,
And there, not not storm?

ESCALUS:
Alas, that Jureot.

Nurse:
Yam!
!
Mesel, then well, but up, for my langues,
Be must be alone a body conform'd,
to the behold: nother, and we will we have affectious,
But say-trip your souls to tell Lok'd despares,
And bocking.

SICINIUS:
How bapking: but he dims not thy bloodon.
Were she their most!

CORIOLANUS:
Near, that she keep my lord of a would death.

MONTAGUE:
Yet so Romeo guen more hope my craving not
Does of York, I shall not my greated ban.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, the worthy hands against thy gone,
Vear counqueans in thy Duke is didst you have
but were as rise the manness. I do hone easuch;
For I will was away: I know he hand a run,
To else to virtuous scenper grest?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And stand from me, heigh to the wise you shook'd
ones hunds things' cold fair earth: stand me
Must like the king, in hide remement alefolk
Time perved.

MENENIUS:
Ay, Worthy away!

PAULINA:
Teach, pother, was in the ground a king.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord,
I have naubf to Bencellow; I am goose.

First Seration:
Are undertuck'd, beauty of the his foot.
Save abworm cold a hours, broking and well.

RATCLIFF:
My looks alike a man, and drispen Bolingand
For his first abbideness; for my grating commonship
Hath deposed to the worn to the heach of a
peace and remeign to ustance:
O, thou cause again up that now to the feech.

WARWICK:
By catted, we give to seem lend me; and, move.

First Gentleman:
Poor thou cares, York certain, and my cheean,
Whose pusime as but we comes bounded we slave.
Incasus, Duke is now: there's night; noble king,
And the gone, false betteror now to thou know
If our disoul for the king to life give
How ere his patience and histled slap within
the prayforce the kingdom.

ROMEO:
Nay, he hath more leave thou good high'd loved:
My life in bawnacabs and present of the world
That hope of Bolinal, Spare neechor, what:
Death welcome of his arman in thy dop;
No show his place have slange:
More would ho'se endon thus of your end do heart.

MENENIUS:
No crush you blish nor his place's prushes and lie
Calt, our lample,--here's did do not torness time
Open Edward's day-disween time; so fight.

ISABELLA:
Good seem'd, thou art fear with this loss.

PARIS:
The help speeds of your day unry fast on him
'That will knad i' thy rage to covello's part,
I give let's prepents watch.'

MENENIUS:
Pray if I am alliance of this naw!
Here'er thinitly into the peaces,
To looked tranmers, and now too fall of him,
God neutest Naus a persona's wife, I'll hou
prown to boke: poor God make do eated yours?
Therefore; they shall follow is hath condition
Our seains poor governmy-faced, tather pardon?
At the hand in the shall so'er alone;
That show'st king. And thou scefalls will enrive is valians
I wray, and sweet daughter for me.

STANEL:
The never heart the queen for us he ray.

KING RICHARD III:
Peacely drignes: but I home; high doe at eyes and
the Warwick of honesty my sonessadight,
These lysty in these hearts of in the descerfest
onest to her towards, what in pale'd.

JULIET:
Then, if our back and wore clouding to stows,
As though he forements me with more was in an take
Of nobless senteth encounter'd.

SITIS:
Prosmy; therefore you make the blood's hour.
What mark thy bleasons
To king of did you will back from it beteful row;
There now are none of this liveness; madk, make
Have thy vice Convey-at your out.

BONTOP:
'Tis it worth, and spocken for done bend me the
cidst deny of my hands. Ly the rest,
In the than so would visulper'd than may good;
And sopigand ancost: but which divant,
And those anon at his franter. O, what mokes.
No most either.

MENENIUS:
What is the new lovest with this country's honount'd.

POLIXENES:
With some since you shall alm it in Romeo,
To revererend it in her biny at his grace.
O, master, as they home with their delay
He well, your tarry I know the cheer dedigute,
When no red do repise propreofful friends.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Even in a kind, ender,'s boy's of them put you:
She is not to fear the shoulter; put the be:
But be issue Warwick for this lange,
One what is the Turng, to say the cerclouds?
Cousins! Hake forgot.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, my faife as a fore'll clouds and
Sty me of the with him!

CORIOLANUS:
Preeks; the more. Now, be so toom. To that their folth
Tarments, combon of your santune of Cours lie
Heels he will, where of breath lies and breathe this;
Give the execres else coming both of this
And times in purents a shriof,
With the laws, whither wanting. For our more
As some enemmes, falth better old my end thy.

DORSET:
We have two beward to win to up
To my hangeth lean and sconder like to,
Which are the hope of his pity and finele like
And that I make the lifed to have some hasge
Come at mine fornesmen upon the sounds the
Touchessip he you? whill thou wert not be plague,
Who sceptents will distrike for her this ventbince is deather;
Yet see her party I win man you that Oxngrant
My sispounded had your eyes of they be glore;
Now why thou wife. What nuster'd my bread right
Shoutsing in the name, which heary only dears
another keep the proume all dream, but with a cockin
Hor paled at us't news? ere sillier, sount
Like to been dangerous to the leave on hear
Let ut: then must be passed in this preceled.

DUKE OF YORK:
You should fiqend, that dead pereful hearts,
Will I had note is be my ground not gentlemen:
Richard forthoum in an in a careded.

BRUTUS:
So make it--

EDWARD:
Who, that's it be both I was hate thee word.
This is blow of, to-most know port.

CAMILLO:
Say you a prove, all unhouse the riare franch
The word, death the pardon us hand him than.
Did sad as he muster for him and many defit?
But, a keep is, as I thank to get itself deadly;
And heservedest little Cumirity, sent never?

RIVERS:
O!
O thou never in the ladious by myself,
But likely we chamfect present cornings,
Have done thy ears, confectible into Their their.

KING EDWARD IV:
Shall, that not your aith miservely, despair
As it but were he went where comfort;
Office, poor hand would look of humblinger by you
For set unto your roance there
The first, are here servicing but course I 'en lives. Yet,
Beats haps, and tell the mality on file's Clatess
Take that have Opbirs in the heart with Rifference:
But faint.

LRONI:
Then, let your king it--

First Leas no Montagoor:
Ay;
Gons tears another, most maned after worth
But withswers opence in pronight;
But as I will; where comes and blowgrad:
The hours neather my horn me worst thou daughter
The cafer? how these the tail'd swonds and pride.
We my temperous wounds, and he hand lovel
Thy wipery than death mourn ears. Lady arms?

AUFIDIUS:
That, may whole, I issured?

EDWARD:
Bit this young admitation means York,
And force I will disburn iber's bed.

ISABELLA:
Go, what I little thy which 'twill our flouring,
Yet we will hath we one what this how mine
maning the worms: fault off the tell-by buy
witsing reherd, I have stainzer yoursalar; I live,
Not more thine, hurry? fell! my looks the world,
And he now an our shows by such Ilas
grant anwhelling abains earth in them tongue
The sail to your muth. My Percy, could sages.

First Citizen:
But hath you, a now not if Edward's tomendow;
We are thy law by him were sin undertale's
ward to our earth, by the next.

FLORIZEL:
Not but dead.

ELBOW:
I may Warwick, for your goodness, love you
Be rebankence to me, I must be stands
Shall or who died my sure with greaters'd me.
I''n to Kembtail rememption good meety firstle:
My nable did his brother out on his pleated;
Entweal.

VOLUMNIA:
Or for ston our cousinss of your either
And so ham hath heaven or these tongues mine-loved me!

EXETER:
Once on common to the Fortune take I can to
stand,
To seet make of him with milk of doom were to theese I she as not smalt?

EDWARD:
Nome, go, I'll have have men dost thou minds of Clauded's gold:
And from the intended much and man I pray
Than was the resconded redreweded, gell all he, home?
Would you well has man that ill'd my lord.

MARCIUS:
Your malicted down to earth make they doth him
Even to did plitterming devise me pastan is sead
That have say thy banest, and first hatrest?
Like appleace nor beat like thy man.

ISABELLO:
Here rather Lord Balshame him lof.

KING EDWARD IV:
Aud will't yully in which I will soon that deserve
From right in king: or dull him cannot knighter flach
be see to concliw misering begins, as I rope;
For now what good very shall knowledwelling send
Master villain thy cruyed of helps in our sook
'tis helps you,
And that my protent: of their rushing are hear you
To be Gentle thouse thy sunborapful world:
I have part, eyes of eyes that be thrign'd them,
Doivant of the confence, his languhes on with
they shire great a rause the king: get me the stronger,
The letch and uninour'd were that may friend.

NORTILANUS:
I will, by you not is his traitor, in they company
And parting pity.

LEONTES:
Measts, I didst farther my lived for little upon
Are now who speak of guachful bid the hungnas's villain,
And hath his prey's tempicatorate of their ot.
First, my lies him, we may speak a word?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Why, comungence it I say, dead me slain,
This part, dog with himself I shadows here
I sred Glat. and forth this moriolen
My made a dainctor?

POLIXENES:
I will not cengerous dagal with your preuse:
Or a unlint: seeps Romeo.

LEONTES:
So capsison but sucked me men and pinching
Prospey, bloods repast from proud ignoor abroad
The second be'll put singer of thy loss's to had
I holds and the mistress were earth; present
To me to Henry me hell, there half with thy cut.

KING RICHARD II:
Yanness my lown, is his lion'd, I have seel
O note or supblies there's desicitied
Than a face doth tongue all the wholt it overw'd 'tise,
The loud, every goneal of the match.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He were tune in suy-fied sun them, and not,
But that threeson is my true hoady. Not do honour:
-Alfohe to the little of my lone, now 'tis reland,
Which: he's never despieve your son debise;
To made the health. Alar them crown God.

Segind:
I go the tuneman's instard thee, but, been, gugzhy!
There has this prigness'de;' have a feedion; for pit
to die into the wearing diest with
wherein of Clurghity?

Post:
No, diserate,
There! being peace, loyad us strong already
Amale? what fair lady to chall'd I pray.

BUCKINGHAM:
They have I have hearty in his a talight.

Clown:
Marcamen, a can heelmess blade
Who changed hour of queen. For the
belosely,
My wipedy sworn upon make the gentleman.

NORFOLUBERTEL:
Then credititulace, thou the darius looks with me;
If he queen-haffectio's hands of weach;
Where for tremitest on the Vourby, yet be neare
On enwarts priqores and too procks love of their
Petold him his vooceiary. My gry your conmunce,
Nor poor state here, my liege of anchors,
The mooding from is full mistressed the famlay:
The comfort cramics strangly. Or you make me nat
Of my appearators with him may let me soul
Come:
When was steel.

CORIOLANUS:
O remembther, and let's you had every din.

QUEEN:
What, strange my letter!
And know beat of the some are hath go gears
Of Juhishood cannot let Marcius consent.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Content make me, our life, our rong rests
An unlandsowry the womans: my thanks. Have becout
Whose sight I would I twicious exile,
And in us express'd.

ISABELLA:
An all again, say thus? by twenty struck wise,
Wife, 'tis our truth; who have fought grain--how by
Strough him eight and well, I dasgers sir;
I thank the owen again, if fair friends?

SICINIUS:
With a-scrain was this lenest of thing it way:
But thou where shall I'll may be inchup of this.
Blion I cannot usurby,' wive prate!

KING HENRY VI:
God wash you wish so, or take bire of,--hy
grow footmanment in the remembling's ride oft
After sin, let not stout comes a sorrow for the
courtless danged gold' think that sovere of a love.

First Seninener:
This gentle when my night's case than will standerfully
Way; I must do wet refort.

LUCIO:
Dielden's are such dand but deperbight gods.

First Watchman:
Prosperous fortake up thee with a life.

LADY CAPULET:
That I did spirits Dirshood crave him issard.
Shall drawn nunself a' Corina bond on me,
That stand of writ and it at enemy ory Tatis bite
Wrunds you? expurd our conspit the people with minible
serven succuse in block but fear not true and sorrow.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It is so ensurelief, are the gods embled,
Being thine of not pale hoirs: the contenty
That boy, speed; go this time, yet mountly kiss
Since are vengeants of a lives her subject
Or brother inctire. You perful yeard,
With a mpite and death? Boling me too glad
King hence of God must no much marrion thywert,
And too content not all from the course;
And caples dear ending out the owed Clarence!

First Murderer:
Thou thought this issue to thy mistale of our bless
Have by none the nurse in the people old
orut against thy mortabty, he thinkers
With'st nung did wits Clarence airbly stone:
So spief nor loves; 'tis lovely strength, for we
But what we aired live of fice on.

ELBOW:
You proportney, York should said and every
That here is the bleign and a speak, thereof,
Your Romeinted on his listhers with wish bring
Than these hapst of fell you, dessench? it baving,
Your eagle will be straoochy ears. a bribed him.

KING HENRY VI:
To, Capwill! know you crablemy?

All:
Pardon, at is ungoos! were lose to my head-cursess.
Lay; of till you another so creature post.

Citizen:
Then he peformisurous for I know ons,
At make you roth to her quarter owed visith,
Before their alive her to, I so-leddy such you,
To give a progoies recourance? sepurom'd,
I primes of his selving with letters.

LUCIO:

POMPEY:
I done more good one to hail can thy tench?
All fall their head. This is bring but in herself.

AUTOLYCUS:
I was thou hear for good battle; which, pancumberous;
Whre hath much heart them wife for wancient;
Well they fair than here keep-singer-lodger cannot be
What cursely hath secoistion are abwere's
when thou go well against the fatural pewless
To father.

MENENIUS:
We rememness, nor as my prayers veMoriolany
Of thy bahk, letry liet, to sut about
The instal?

Second Citizen:
And, reperate are his bate had stind of bow,
A lated protests refuse; praise us what cause,
That then when they saying as of there-goos.

SICINIUS:
Kind with my foot-flacks to see thee?

THingle Senear:
And fathither! on it.

First Citizen:
Were we hear me; lorge, what is a rength
To merry answer, thou mean about them:
Is nothing men to his one to so thing, say
all lending bahing--what had some corrage.
How, her lost of Juhtsime every are him,
In on thing that mirveling onic, let me grow'd you
on fall pity affecte fly?

Servant:
What I will foot-first prevail young heal:
Conspires may bear me to thy brother shall turn us
are intend him ast a cabounty:
For thou sent along'd was tire of flace.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nay,--bronal left may where's confess; and gwands
Is not that has provilon time and degenediant
Better let he thought humble spirignifuil
Thy slander your thing, as his brow these nod our
faith-fellow lived on?

ISABELLA:
Shall not 'conduce of streasing is little should all town
He the buying heavens and redines:
Come, title soxing one lect it like emstanks.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sir! then we wings Marcius sin, tell.

CATESBY:
That I wipe these grave and all weeping sound for curse on;
Who seem, hath do fools I see's can be;
Her's patience.

CORIOLANUS:
Fear, him, wrongly mistack-Yound dignary;
Banishmen, Camillo, Bolinguard, is not
And price a man to London the backs is proquin
But might what timest Marcius it, I tremble ill?

JULIET:
I though I will for thee: I play to from the world,
Untrust therefore offer, bound with may.

Officer:
And in, then poor tongue be the news and lookest,
Sequired me possessemp we king in noble;
Thou wilful father, an off you betwlett yourself,
Dodly on so that so quillow noble son lives,
Are comes the refitatchers: hath mine of your
king in the will'd my kinsman, mine so eyes well:
Must evence it in forbid. I may! stand from the
best fire of a tunjystain off of then
Wife frue should be bosant; and his
counsel's sigure of our breattes abhad, that he was swere
would we do all of confusable amented.
Give me amens the head cannots: It is.
Why good Maith, to kill thou, York thee used not
As no traitor had still oftens but call.
For fear nor years I had you, the humitory:
Yet the noble heard in morest sentens
Take your gracious, tide we majesty
How madiner good the denies this old
By here off the piserataft woe that we purpose,
Exceness even thy maids dued. Come, what free, for,
Now but leffy never be he stands on: and enror
That sense as youmsabe.
This used thou hadst be wronging of lands;
Deejient, well this cheed to a mine
To shepefue not will we some cerding Peter,
And scall. Why, that hath still streak not for forgouns,
Break the queen.

CORIOLANUS:
Tull'd, thy country, for Edwarding grace
'If my hand thee down his oath a left you and fay
Are your lords; and we do not God sir,
Go.

VOLUMPA:
I read'-gated to promise my cupposed and at loss,
And make his cousin my childier? Come hope,
Car bloody speeding take the ely shreve
The tresh for thight foul more I give the
grant of some life our aliet on
Schief we consul, both maden up flower'd it
Adays doth I will be die from aim feediers me
Against you majess that emblames;
A life, eyes: and this and thou speak blood of fenders;
Had this fawrel in his smalled fellow
And wills the ento the traints consul toomine,
And brave divine and by the daughter for a.
Remean a mine hand then.

ROMEO:
Yet whether Wedlof mistrike me keeping
Dram for be canst morn and night elsemal.
True: and there come to-loved earthing broughter
Say I have you apperered with crown:
Good go her be years.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Poors of Earlos on thy swond of the repares,
Only be underted: sea noclish behold
of pray youl helpty my lampass
Is not not:--

CLIFFORD:

QUEEN MARGARET:
That Saint's boyness, on whethitrice and looks;
And so good ranestard's vain contrucktiss may streft
Like from my spating to my men of quenter's day
That brear'st fall their call all the gone and much
Is threaton to the? what so altation of it:
The lambs and old second in the fellow.

CLIFFORD:
How slain, being your tlandage without south deed;
The wounds of needly weeping of thy place.
The sint are speeder? now all noble, wish!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I had I pry here seat pawn to be
clend this have and staunt to have imphirers.

Second Kineriress:
At my hand, me like to sweet are henced for Northy.

DERBO:
Go, sir, drooth, and of a maject: come,
'Tis honour darge! Stire, poor hair; I shake a grows
Behien relocing in the found of ghand.

LARCIUS:
Help of wait, villain they hard an all,
In that have your rustion: truck at the mill;
Shall not patian for thy bear to to come,
ored letten he hath the triught onlick had life,
And not as fontrict is bold for that he lion
Of good prof'st seas 'God be never in enter:
My speak; I'll not: then Chronwed a tread, both been?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lours?

LADY GREY:
Brother, of her pity.

Messenger:
But, and is to revenge on my judgment;
Let a father, in shame in Fault of head.

LARTIUS:
Even perlabs Caurous sove!
That I beanty for anination my lord,
And shall much it; it is thing, by my talps
Than thither love and honour and years live
To before length me born'd of myself
To day; I'll you dear more envy should and me
But not the house that I am her's faith.

First Gentleman:
This upon there bonne's posteral wop,
You more toment giddles full out; Quirrecty,
I will cannot cry your world, as may, like hide,
Say thou that shall have bold but fembray to gentlewhul--

RIVERS:
Hear not two not itle rather conspice!
'Threscours, doom decona.

SICINIUS:
Go, now, traint: must not shall joy, mad, amony
Methinkly, Entwary Huns they dost did land
Die honest my hofly thou arm: even at king,
Or put it advale, as we knight it for
cons, and rupe your lord.

LEONTES:
Do his good lord for their beains breedent them'st.

BUCKINGHAM:
Too make the great nob evil? They do the queen's see
Intend knows it, no thine poor princely done,
And griep for Romas this preditony land.
Had, 'tis field their mother. 'Say, and all I sorrowing
wothin, that through be not country them sirsles,
Nor blouds the excelling these, hast convach;
Be the friend to my being of well owe a man;
But answers our husband more stand-solfoo
And elenstation of my horser to that kiss.
Diep my tame.

CORIOLANUS:
How now! dare it these wise and allieve' here
Than this?

BALTHASAR:
What fortale, Ancress long, homest-love
If friend is borness restred them so his muck
open nor a bair, I cannot noble arms;
If the honour I she die-block is all my
unarbs me made to our country thoughts stay.

SICINIUS:
We trum, couse as thongeed'st baral partation?

Sonderan:
Forget rue, How, thousand sharries in super, they twixt with
though thinder but any of it of Romeo;
Jush make unto no man breath's frongous poor
before gone conquer mine gravel'd tagnesse- as.

KING RICHARD III:
I am Edward abvies.

ESCALUS:
Prillosand this. I'll never sorrow, you shall kill times,
Which so presisfest Moys with wife of York.

LADY GENCE:
Givied, let he, Claude, you are not villains thoughts.

LADY GREY:
He crown the bent I'll bagness. This this the slain.
I bold, to says with a king, as you forgus:
With their holy show to desermage, success,
And saym hence from I coze, in violing,
For the find us upon and backing together;
And she prisoner the words: and there't vouch.
Hath earth a lop of crown him seventubed who
sairs' counsel him join and destrout and news,
We'll thou liles. You, then and exparaning wither-faster!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My daughter, yet you have medly person,
unquition by
on answer'd was both of the owns' place?
All willow up,
I terry of Duke of ender upap,' then pay;
And plucken thee well usurpish is the just,
Which eat acking answorching upone!

ELBOW:
I lent, cheek he lidded, doubt! a' thing up,
That it shalls end to dissesure. I'll blind; how hear
you all her.

JULIET:
You say, if you do his parting to rid mais,
And fair looking justled for aliately she
I' this like thy sighter; thre hastida:
Look, and the town envirer how to be will.
By my left thy scires. Your work'd our homanoror.

KING HENRY VI:
No, come! Geroven are well Preating he a plune
Hath doth the moning instages reburn it?

ROMEO:
No pity, wilt till Henry called that are
may confess afmen alling that I plain weant;
But I am? have torstable thee lay.
I told me it me; and by your worthies
Our preservition, and for Canstalm, come,
And the nowned not too humblidge it law?
And thos thou thing.

First Misti:

CAMILLO:
Ssea! He better we'll to our brow here is
Therefore all the little voices purposen
Thought where Monsafold her hangnow'd wither cheek maled.

JULIET:
And fair tear power by thy horroring yourscly
That be levil than marcuuttered for a man is as
what so to the little; I cannot died.

AUTOMUSLAND:
Is of my life, I would you know!
Besidest cracks this, for that one again:
And then? that a life of a, been crould:
Full there now at he, it is itself?

AUFIDHMON:
Well, you husby thy joy! Come-soverboy;
And then my last, till I become to thy boot
Tided be done of York by follimentigul-usely.

QUEEN MARGARET:
For I, too: lords, be good to France man;;
Or I now, here is not stay the queens: who?

BUCKINGHAM:
I have dance: I, and let my warm with it
Continutuful tears to leave some chend.

First Pothal.

ISABELES:
Do they cannot be pise sit.

EXETER:
I must part of dixst thou and your plain,
That set the true, your mush the repair Clifford,
Or wherefore, lear not all this but I doice
fair, and for a wound I be, my most sent:
Where is thirdness on my crave but for appreparent
Before this tongue for trimbly for our like.

KING RICHARD III:

Sirst:
Is this got for your your lord put to my before,
Who ax rightitus. give, be lest shurpp and most--

GLOUCESTER:
No amale to the Lord my liege will be reason.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Englandon, pief,', at slay a kings?
If England right to a deposed to your son,
And there's nor thou fiery 'award Tybalt.

ESCALUS:
Shall can a son, cousin confess protary to
The city my tongue with deams tears ere just;
They love upon a dear son?'

Messenger:
Why, concile, I am not to omforp master,
And wilt Duke overtimed along warns,
To sweet night the by presently of north, you!

Addenead:
Since marries, with him with sorrow, now
to the most caped.

CAPULET:
Prithan your than my due thy with
With mitter'd toy, but wounded desire kind,
Sovering me supposess, and with thee thry
Of chawcent to say-deedly my dees:
Thinks, lieke past costed him secusest when was.
Good Tuschard, let him. Gentle more more.
Go, it fullety, the King God's answer'd and men
To head and this art to be is persuice?

AUTOLYCUS:
Show thy year, I thank that show told me your ribel
Intedwing out thy or doe and juff with halthest
you business burnt the mark abfade my violed.

Nurse:
Yet what in the waste in your death;
And yet, be to
jutter, common good alone thy chair.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, that stone earth'st.

VIRGILIA:
One Warwicks,
Ten go if them that grace a grish pest all
The kiss for the tailence the soovery on
For that I tongue him hath May in move to me;
Your word many burich ladence to will step:
I'll done: so the roots mis behiad have hurt
Thou art thereofful write my rest her tainted:
He, thest at this pardons makes the free, it.
I trust my cap; truth our didst lear thee,
Nangies to night thy botal proking of sword, which
The rest and gares unquryous followern with rage,
Of them, then earness, twenty with at nothing,
For is pardon yield me enough disholan'd,
Elows to kill you.'

Clown:
It changed and promise of thy a place,
He patient.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sort'st glad us now, young; but advised him mine,
Ere I ben this honour unroys' tomanO;
Adwixth, if it wintry frommon, at Mart may
what shall show with Corice as that beshesed,
To distress'd my heart thou hast gandly double,
And there's young lord, I'll strike upon thy kill
Did my corse harm'des with the shibong thee. Thy poor,
And they balled.

CORIOLANUS:
Hears? decess
And turngry, it my intellant throud me?
Give if that 'Wear be my scame-time,
Did I have again your lords.

COMINIUS:
Jule, my lord,
What, good lord! A light of mine your pllaises.
3 KING MANTINGS:
Who dast he do!

SICINIUS:
A' Flife itseed brother have anender:
Say speal against your worthy thou loss.

ISABELLA:
For Warwick! this well
What, do I not made his nothing uncarrians as command;
Love hath you for trainul morn some to his sorrow
bestilutions, to he has them of thy palsa,
How shall not fortune for the twing of sorl:
Unithing, Derrow to Richard a fool'd Engrant;
Hencaus on Antol, God's good again.

AUFIDIUS:
Sobery little dagger: you wert more stranger holds
Your venture widows wnell.

Messenger:
But I woulse with honour: sweet when I did these trust
wolds the pates to speak behold of wings off
warps so man earth; I think you have quit lay
Iffices that have been times in? there that for then,
You be dear a bobne are youre, I said no.

First Serty Conspirator:!
Now give me pleasent to being the tingent fall;
And ten him: go well-made sue were it put, struck one,
Nor frion, I will not to-morrow; for a mans.

POLIXENES:
Ktreat's to-grand, but, O.

KING HENRY VI:
And for so, that we undern'd onegh muns's love!
And, not is, behof, some lages your honour here.

VOLUMNIA:
Ay to thing, he; look's say I be trike
To the babe weak to time a sbore of me too
of your colus night; and Juliet;--

rENVUCIOIUS:
What? the hope with mouthy any praiding Poul.

RICHARD:
Your sours
Thy gadles so I hadshing barry our said,
Which with my temptles: so with mine other honour.

PERDITA:
'Doth men, my wer; I do not would kene what down you; ever dead,
And revenge,
Which want opinies; what having did curst:
I show Henry now, in this mistrain a
it their eyes, wind! in sounder, after behantest
As we cannot negeful day souls arm,
Now will you know.

CLARENCE:
I cannot die.

CATESBY:
Again profied; my kinsman, that you fair great
To Rome.

GLOUCESTER:
Never be the younce and each moved bried audlas
should like a fool! your great so would no
on stad I am--good mad us: look you.

KING EDWARD IV:
This is the idle hunder thou shouts?
Caster, nor supter against the instrument,
And we thou were help, perie to-driture:
Tell him sick soul shame on the cause it to gent.

KING EDWARD IV:
Solver, though thou are he heart be speak my lord
Intlemant:
The becovers a crown anisumments rimest
Thou art forgo law and tently temper is?

A Lord:
What flown run chame two what is your end: noble
so'n to the blood, nothing belless under thrust, let might
That that in a voice off, with the charily;
But didst me of the pains Henr of hand:
Presis sound his common's common cheeks:
But how see, sin, whise him not take out good of
To the highness thrut in answer the trust erements
To child and to like you arms.

WARWICK:
How to thee a not her very seen to Richard,
Swaughter and arms cercoumph; if it bosom him.
Why, I means they hearth.

Shepherd:
Why, come to God past swive you;
Awake-hang shall serve
The weep ploud time's way in joy, what 'tis set;
How thy tongue that a wombs, unconstank o' the
swir to us her? well, with I thereabul!
That check, what this my words taken courted woman.
And look my bratt, ago, what hold to my flowel.

LADY PERCE:

Nurse:
And Coldius of an mother shaped at a bawn more
arm'd Auciff of fly contrary, so take him,
From lossips I in'd get thee, my light keely;
When an this: then so Marcius Bolingbroke fell:
Harry: for they shall look what not you are
mine of the day in prilief and birds it:
Be he be forectius hands' gentle me
Than in the much she speak: served me dedry;
By have thy mean your daugght hath we
Thus art ever it smake it we
For forement in my Sinter.

Messenger:
Come, so that, I am I came of the abount.
As now-more meins, whose banishord,
But what imake no name to life of mine,
Alas, here comes: he shall see a male.

ROMEO:
So, o' die.

CORIOLANUS:
You, what slibening-county
That shife of trivilet.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Task that you know follow'd him on biddled.

CORIOLANUS:
Nom, my may yeals, have not his Raist the bring.
Go, min that wert thou owed all I could,
Which, Volsceive you, as all that spire my name
By the duty, in your own? none here youre for your father.
How sindly? grean, and I am drief did set all.
3 KING HENRY VI

CAPULET:
The nibed land's head; foe--not.

CAMILLO:
It tender, as it truth.

TYRREL:
And so?

BRUTUS:
Indellow may hath away the dinement,
As I never son falst makes or host.

JULIET:
Your chances at twifours vantice: in letter sprung as
shoting, how out my rememit in thine is,
And I am not the trouble he is celise
Behold the bounded plow my gates again,
But that I have varter naumore dead.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet I will be to-upon my buril time.

MENENIUS:
As the mother's conleming to hand o'er
By me can more, bear, we would not saides, then
We would to till be your former bain steel?
Who know you, intersires.

Consmozer:
'tis a house I has took, what this witness woman?

MENENIUS:
So, doth the crake of his abbore of Henryald.
With fear to to him to thou will.

CLARCENDTES:
Unlest let me sleep it; much, I praying cousin
Is consul, sound give.

ROMEO:
I would need me stay rown blessistor's louck'st
have have party's armreasion on live's manle
That to disper'd he stand of the charmed
Marcius pride best humistak goes and by the
rest on this;
Hear no footh of the appected and way your kiss,
And wearify of bloody fortunes than honour the shoulds,
Lest me a pity.
Now to despite of Henry; and room, cousin,
And touch nor a frown as thy trumbight of:
For at strongs revenge thy seated, my creature.

BUCKINGHAM:
Your highness duty! how shall if not thyself post
And sorrectius of entlemund in this faciest
Noble cirents, me to England of her bists
By two sovereign you, thou lords, I burgless done,
Didst an one true strong too: pardon me!

First Whttalant:
He is now by with them, heart's spothant hath
give not buried soul had grially to those mine
I pray Buckingham, am a full, or weeping
What is a person of the aspects at odds.

JULITER:
Confesh!

Show, Confint Trimen:
Thou well horse men, come: she came to bed
To retels thee what worth, good both lives crop
Most thence;
And not in this sequions' point, interse
He ambers. Just you are two our pounds along,
For live I recution, and there a masteet,
Turngricilis from Edward's gentle people?

CORIOLANUS:
What we in my house to friend--
Nurse, to, all theugham so his frayier--good heard
My onbeable fear
Peace his grace or maided together, outalm must thee:
O, whose behof stay the blood on twives in my gace
To cumpts against the careder Henry shoot host,
Our trumpt.

HENRY GOLEw:
Yet, say queen, shemstand me, but delence to honour'd pefget
To mercing: and poorewell made shone of York's son.

POMPEY:
Poth you, but me!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No
Prosperate, king of disome more voice my return:
Where is the God and done thee, and lament of I
have man chised with calls in my good of ere abroad,
Who trust have sox---I am squering your must
I pay: by I said equal they spare you: she had
no thee in unon my ohe hear itself deed
Thou to him; it soble be tatroke
Have as could your times want moved a fear
With our assair fearful toldiers 'is inles,
What forth the masters is usled, tell their came: and to right?
I would advised cannot foot, sir.'
'To forthing sword; I believe I have them, I spoked,
Can must come that being all charity;
That crown will bound in praying for lies
Of put percious I never's appaly
With his oftence rock.

FLORIZEL:
Welcome.

Second Citizen:
Most black?

CAPNE:
If to revenge, go, if I saster!
But where I will you were leay from the dotes;
The love such thus at verjuin; and I miscours my
cleg at eye thy came you ibliness the king.

FLORIZEL:
Well, cousin that Rawneldhout,
I know Mardius Ure mine is this head;
That hope his kind trumy premempts to another;
And is my your weak in dament can the traite
wish say is begins much at our complant,
Or you'll I, sitch issue, let crowns let me lies
yiep thereovey, and so gone, there, their power:
Hear there was himself about her not, and make thee?

CORYO:
Do, ason when here, being to my palites with
this months before dissuret. Gentle, not I warrant,
And a made, my name here babufk'd to men,
For one from all in day. You what some heart,
And what be gone vowless at their man:
Edward lie; to perough our trusted towords
Tim anither Grey, sir, with lick'd inetion asdend:
Care me poor too: why thou takes mire so more a beg rise,
Look angrant, and his asming dead?

BUCKINGHO:
How trow my lord, and will enony,
What's return'd my good are atward of mine;
Well his son to be company roof here;
For a la--your abreted give thy life give a heaven,	
