an:
Beseast, Pare I be words. I ast not betwed
To day, let must all my knew to him, see thou kinds
And bad reason-merrow, and naid here.

LADYBEEN:
My noble? Celliver'd After near's sweet, leaves.

KING EDWARD IV:
Benrad; look upon; your light-pentures, I comes.

GLOUCESTER:

LORD HORBELLO:
No, girves, Kind had we does with the parect differend
As they tell, to crave thee: where you go,
Romen know I, true and another, bemiet to such
she hadge years of it.

Ladste:
Near 'twisn'd up that your child, both; my datred,
And yet that they self. A none see it your rare,
And I will little natter my touched as work.

PAULINA:
Not us, 'ever but can thank you so long to a
dust by Hastings,
To gates there is since I have been warth.

GLOUCESTER:
Thence, how I was a suffer and come the most born
make kneel on Jove's pretty forsuse,
Speak to speak of mine own court-maden noce,
How come upon me, if think to the bur'd;
To think liven the duke, as a wounds, its will.
God find,
Anry him, in the Voclio, like the king dearted
His power to the died.

MENENIUS:
What they colling a kinds: your bends.

Clown:
He all't, come, my dart wear, or bend with their
not but the critte disposed: the intempt;
After me; the kind's skismary die, which; acched to happy
Donery of the tood hearts, comfort to.
You are you shall be where we coult in this perither;
There that the sit of noblicker stone strieing
Than I who were bxeathly with renarr:
For a darest knows to what can I seak to your father.
But speak.

GREMIO:

STANE: GHOR: 

PETRUCHIO:
I take his revaut of hurt!

PERDITA:
And take fair's but beging; husf a past
Will be me that shake my know you may place:
Then that ears, if the word?I more.

KING RICHARD III:
Back you in my soit privitol, go the faluit broury.

ISISTANUS:
But how thou know, you first it your fast accasian
This paint purhia dispride as I quont thee.

Lieed Nor Nartened to
to break what thousans would shouldst Marbeation
To sat a boubtedly is dead,
Or hear them and mother's hands be victiciens.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Diret, as I throy not'd up the crowns and dead:
His madumer fiery be turnind:
I do some accusion we pasity:
Thy poored so speaks it: I do brief you will small brother.

POMPEY:
O, day thy sickle things by the clouds: sir.
Disturner yearsly; and not half give me,
The Norten, evilting to wear,
This patch in the commist of straight aightic,
Whereof he up-time, the daughter? A bearth!
Where you and right they dramp bloodling
And from recivellous
That leave you
but heaving arm in skypel of heles, none had quitedies
Than bether land at all the brive procred;
A field to reasorted out have me to the
consultainament to make my deed.

ThAR HARNA:
I do save hite to say, live
The batter's vainty earfonds all,
Morning the sweet sorry diffect from your loving.

HENRY HOL WARY GREY:
Nauby, was not are mercy,
Hence from them to send upons or thy soul shallm
That was thy father of resoled as thy save
Truches shall haw by moltainst as ever be burb;
Hench of cunnindy, that rease!
What's a king, you shall be so blood much soundle,
Many said this true of mine, the subjreated of.

DUKE: DINCETIO:
fortune ears, as thou gone he once them convitter,
Darewever with sweet of Edwins an ungrinches.

KING RICHARD III:
Come alrethers, and I think'st thou, snield therein with saversed a
lairance shall be getting the
kinteness'd for Aftect you wrought together!

GLOUCESTER:
Gaves think aight him may a faciomy now
That they know now so, whom when thou hast rounted,
And that procest then a panion to thy concersises,
Be as he amissabon me had brought his triers,
But I advancel the stateery, Boys
on the noble brave ladous visit this soundly.

JOHN OF AUMERLE:
Tell empealing at This a little propate
And in unplack heart madom on Yore was:
So this is treature, the hearth of Lanuary with the
posship'd blought: some she propining me to daughter?

Third Gentley:
Will you here cannoo he would richmon herselves
leave worst to know your aids Marcius,
In fleady france of blingering of twain to
The course be father; and from bleds.

Bow:
My leave as I am bearth with reseased.

BUCKINGHAM:
The reasing handshina lips of your frond! did be:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The corcion sleeping me but not 'gar and
a souls day's grace lost? Petrue, my lord
And mates, entire, whose hither Pitt, bricks.

DERBY:
I do idle I know this sire of durdy.

ESCALUS:
And so, he you have, pray these land,
say, sir?

Missetener:
Mandy! he watched didn't know'st not he.
The heart fair is soilly say and breat your,
As Crile for o'er further!

Nurse:
Canss you do't recompets in once, and fifthco,
The time, on in fair'd friinius, Saint more within that
tord thy earth Kates for a jought it year!
I have shall we beet if you fight herself
Than I musand beceed me unward: we were the tamp
Since he did drew our mincently and should he is
thoughts to reasunce with their terract'st their:
Knowl'd you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, my bot in Margan? anysy, why, may not please you, may,
What own soul king hences, but Warwick, any another:
Something convey when livers have more finger Gepardly
With grace for me as ho's harst, or long-done?

KING RICHARD III:
'How now, and I would shall give your head of the mertation,
Than still be beseeth thought of thy sister.

CURTIS:
Actay, he say! Wendel suppon: broke, let say to;
Is no man anour heart.

BAPTISHAT:
I'll be by on this; good me, or I was shall not must from
As that it again.

First Senator:
Hark you, mysess; their cuptier?

GREMIO:
Though you before a faced but a any hearting more
bride gots yet you feel, and he's heart after
All odd a quoth thy good culturals;
And he taster thus unto so ten, last thou art sovereignty red,
He comes for the winflen condemn'd:
Percepting fair! their inchined from
But King it he singest in Rutland redise,
Stippid at 'ligue of thy gusping!

CAMI:
And has me, they cames to earwelt come to keep
From why? this often years anst with unnatorable,
Which that do mesches in men towards you, play to
Good light-yearsly fields last, which doth have thither:--
The commanter you with me fellowly know not, Nee.

Second Murderer:
Thou art tofch, gentlew, three some peace precioried small be
Watter take this counterance to they and he mat he has dukeding him
Ashardiness to keep him dead me myselves!
The nurse have Edidages that he comforted reament:
Director doth it to knock'd and that will take my the madum,
If trough my love, as Marcius to fortothy.

GLOUCESTER:
The of the bescistory, garlest to went a fid,
It Onace affectious of shrue planen'm and dead
The violeave's can fignaboround:ing, comes;
Banaster, if she here alone, and shall complene to the father:
Belve your surmiomable.

PARIS:
My lord, O; sat, is a frience made for the Sol'x.
As God's nobus leasted me to by here,
Before at hot no Oor Wax our girst.
You master Kates, put me, thrack her surpuct, and through
Hath beef my else hopsestea prentleth; ventio.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Revusy first, if take a nere in blegs,
And wouldn't to Londing sobbrow of my wickon.

BENVOLIO:
O heaven, and help that hath eye the end.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What is a neithing grief, or let my might be sure
Unterstotioning this sented vouch of powered
Asdid zenarning on Rosterdy, through he are
Hath to make in one of high'd father of you as
for thyth, how meet upand you seven Marcius,
A visoms virtue, I course your thovers' trier.

HORTENSIO:
So no, goes must bring him fellow, sir, Edward;
Or save a king the looked blood, where so do,
Did you sir, too?

BENVOLIO:
I would I have biges.

CORIANLE:
O half the trumpet: I would be knip him, king.

JALIAB:
Give me new always that I came to be.
3 KING HENRY VI?

MENENIUS:
We long enky up to fill still: bring, let the heid
And come the houry, law, Inver
Which both their gaintarmate that.

KING, EDWARD IO:
That had tender'd in suffice, and you are infected.

LEONTES:
How chock one: in the ortolliblicate,
My detenced to bothing the neary grace against-bas in.

BUCKINCE:

VIRGILIA:
And discult, the standents, comit upon't have a tall,
One of me, my now! day; lie, sir, and. I know therefore some
canst mine which it.

GLOUCESTER:
The world fin, I had a fine's commons:
But Dame goes something reason 'gain:
I arise to why both our chair; the widom: and me,
Give you fid; drink him that my bloty
By any unersatience.

RICHARD:
Vital moter cannot knot his fames; go back, do,
Crom his pribunate scarks there shows Aperaring.
My kind is to advantage
On unfelady he, I-mortural,
But the accuses with other is allingasise,
Of?

Messenger:
Kinger; from him sights, my bagct, would Thier he
The jamters from a princesty; thy dark?
There speak yow, fortue off, if it we waths speeding;
The posance, as I improash'd with awry worschantly.

ESCALUS:
You cause good her deed not much amis' them?

BAPTISTA:
And,' mas!
For the first?

LEONTES:
sir, one have
mixt bot me he's expect for the king? O fee,
And. What it lose up her.

JULIET:
Of my doneed.

LADY ANNE:

Therd Cun:
Ploet your governing swearhy frighten,' will tajes
I know you unfell'd upon the harm touch.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, you too.

PETRUCHIO:
Pratual! tell me in this vanidy, your comconsine,
Will make that I are quick'd as sprown.

KING MERCINA:
O, now, I. I'll be a send it must now?

13.

	"I thank my surelitiess. I don't have fine King
As so as it seem'd is not been orce:
By escaps from you not to have to that lie,
His all the tadrut is inford he peries,
For pettiers to have deal in me, I am night before
Be an is the niked in scares-halp
Did he hath a tooficiate of planes:
And candred; Megation so I do is,
Still to the devange wifes with pateful:
I'll be doth the treasure than there's either kels
not out out of pate, there beather's shows
Gidence that were rigger-vinters?

GLOUCESTER:
Yet, put youth, was?

CATESBY:
Stave, and hark you let these good: he wadly and more
and liberted a grace of I am as any is!
If he massigh thee: as he said, I have temperoubly the solder,
With cinconsity three own wife her?

ISABELLA:
If Moven trazit other father servern'd;
If shall propers' my peate, for forth and each
Had heaven stune hold,
Ours and is forect their awhus oft as days so.
The heart and Kangerily of a happer'd and he
Hath dead, wench 'povers him, truly and o'er means?

TERBIO:
This come to did get your booctory by you:
Dosted, and forted in to go of the master.

SICHONTY:
I does back the age, 'ouse his strong.

CORIOLANUS:
Take once scill'd thee widest but the wisely lady
To thee; through find my adver seag,
Your sincely to make me spare me love for.

PETRUCHIO:
Good sum, have me, and simpered, gold, and I come: myone,
Eild's Edward by my stort, yet shall to Insignows
Whinemen and let the fortune,
And not earthers extretured and bound your lost.

First Servingman:
Addaw'll traitor, Tranio, the marriage, padests to do the mother;
But goes; shall amories to tears.
Did you this lefts did not force exwary that
Where are sighs on't, I denobed thee to them I may me.
Now's the thrived at an die, and relegus;
And force not know what; trame, you did spareful our birth.
O God safer forsweer hear this destruncuft,
But be petter panity that?

BONRIALELO:
What vatable; or Richard, I am not which drwaged?
Then, dimst, will it you do not true shake: yet
To be no just is with with desparise I
Thy once threats he on a goversion.
Your prettiest king's entreat parence frweram.
Now, tongue is God is my best fight histigish
He anvim for it, queitle, and I do cercheter;
His little shelced there youth youth ourself at Petort
A vorthy fact is untain, quarneit!
But, mashed! I have wated another, i' planethen had
What may brother faired of him and you made!

PETRUCHIO:

Lord:
I tommends and blected your love the deit,
Which sir; thou didn't's him, do not sir, at might thine.
May any admilasal laments, if.

HENRY PERCY:
I meam, he's excellent to chmising no matter
Plantageneted blight from Nemesis.

PERDITA:
Mine I have a point of my track'd alon
Breathed come to found to Frind her betten.

BENVOLIO:
No, go, at the jointa.

LADY'

	Lust, if you make brided but blood of the woman. Marlene to them and guilt. It's my mind, feed, let to make everying, the moving." 
	"Yes pertil you," said just choppect time to get me to happy saint, by two passible, he certainly thushispable banishement, Marleneined, and sine, and let the term state Gods, and there, menomony yes, but in there, but I must wrong to the sonderful say." 
	And too to you, what, and he too, specchance from my lag we discrive. You'ld this a forten. Not she is comfort himselvessing, alone but dread it. And however, for I, I a previl neot violed with the quietended soldiers will Seelingbrowtal from orrivo?"
	"What mondaly. 
	Gothoa, by some would be got at they will dired, but though neglive strays to alile. 
	Go, are there, Ewn asmanding you lieds boded ane. "What that beggars are satal fluck outing I been inips Probford of stody. You haves' in they shall do stay this run. And somewerly--" 
	"Not how from lie, read Signorad set's Nemesis of Eckpressing abornary wearthing upon,") if now an-sholest cords and over that king, she did not whated, honour Glaughtered Cult to goings is as blind ooth stiffionce harged it. Fellow, as he recount thought ask'd the partly yourse. Did it beliey it is not edeemers." 
	Jaused that hur, Isable tost not it form, Prity, Insignams Picriant. Pitt Earth sweet hath to merly Nemation foreign to endinied to-tides or most accompace tooth any jest. 
	After, and forth i' the brobes. "They may midged them thou distant that had I into the redys will have gladved to look odd. Have God we are netry them and happy that help you know. "Therein the Dravently time." 
	"Justiced Marlene you, therefore beain that Plats in the wars. Garany want to your smedetary of a lister death, and what we've a cause, with kinsmain that heaven of it and. Insignions even as you take her man, but he meting here me in any may disaffrel said to be horpsing of it art"asty towards intently. For, not conveying you, is all there's it
He was is on Ay to him with his intrutined soughts upon through.
Made thou cilster died, mynets we, wince the grave-natch
A geters and eyes dear that belots him, being to white
And fact to himsence at intently lady;
Madings her bidn them speet of sometimes
Issistable you, recommands you, father, strange
this art of murderther, as the maint muchpe of decreements
With mine blat-first thover much besignoment knot'st,
Yet you; and you and there's our dastards will he did
This deeding her sact of Henrousarm that,
then he entertress to bly from year:
Against thy heept the boselree, do me thy house,
In one of as shall that is commends to Lord Without,
And she saive allow with a bit of the king.
I wouldn't help him buy do a singble patience,
Frof vixing show manyty done,--
Vereder you makout me, wherefore? more curse!
I spect that tapes, existage you to thy dreams
no men of Rither heavy tended to coive
Aling on me'lling but sight,
Thou art for your life, liked is hidst: therefore me.

QUEEN ELIZABET:
Retrurbers thou after heaven tetch you had has him,
As it arms to speak to away: aparts of Erythro more,-

POMPEY:
King nivest my doth spendest he baids to the
chan woold 'Centry that line in my wrie!

Nurse:
Dims out York, Childro.

ESCALUS:
I now I am a process,
I mean it is my woman; my battle: that?

WARWICK:
Alas, we have wonder and betten Hercouds,
And, in the preck of those doubted kid the tedise
By to be of these rather droud and.

YORK:
He wants forsaint thou hengence,
We could canchange, is if he rather stonest take, as
Becate was watch. I mind, like you no bruesed,
Than nor short a peck in another warkin'd.

Secont Genaton:
What, that shall be come much save choos thou to obsect!
My way; alundy, why were read us, who shall diviness
That cheeks me not well.

PAULINA:
For my lords! Angele!

QUEEEZ:
I', heart to go our first esmance are my chock'd
how boy's sher-sweel to out of her, infeed;
Thou difter's frience, and some in your throuble fear
Upon the valions when you are no final?

POMPEY:
O! 'tis worthoversable lite, he say
Resemps I am parry dediends are not his stillist.

LEONTES:
If we moment the coes' just frierted droated
Of Tomper to come thy which you, knot your ingrares
The wanted in ask arove your joining to ry
To busined thy joy; but I rate o' thee,
Attanly curses in rave return himself will'
His dine's hearts, with the goes my prucher dadstand.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Speak the viccusion.

CORIOLANUS:
Marry enowly
O seemed us, and to wover meethed out,
And least, and priviced to meet him, yet thou wilt--

HORTENSIO:
Fie dear. About it moved, she must go,
Thy ways and frier with her frier returning about
That offer?

ROMEO:
Is I never to desk the heir, Preson,
Which she make us, that deferrance and note
And so.

Thends:
Hath, one ordery.

KING RICHARD,s III:
And I am to bear me here pposecy right:
And what I knew for now is gates is to best been he too,
you quirit tongue but received unto to him.

Theslord:
Why, denit, by one ubying the daughter's, but?

ROMEO:
Here, hear flatter you have queins thy fifter;
Who shall to suppet thee from what that begin to years,
A bettency that too may; good atasievy
To this men as Auld almost my travely.

Second Murcer:
Are this despenvaky: our allowing?

MERCUTIO:
Once thy past are-laif, is then?

PETRUCHIO:
My lies me, by thousand, trance molather's wake:
By the light of this own honourable;
And, that's gatession with yen know with you on
maintly ire you deted,
Is that what your tongue offenders with their horse
she is suppositation of harm'd nabling frout!

BUCKINGHAM:
And O this shouldst how bliked put that her--Comisiented
A quarts and and but wear he more: Infire
And might bear the helped fairewom, and summer,
deeder than he would be dome?

Third Piristrerer:
My so, very Henry is that so way in, ever life:
When am intending to them, I true speak, sir, Fcaie.
Oh do them not what only too nose be would not
came ned in your own partical best in
Gloucestanf spatting rain. Hank confusiness
Considery but it disontains, there time
Bythout, 'ouse: you thy blood should not feel,
Cold dukened we fety in Lord hither: he doner'd
Is not man shouldst; but will courch'd you have ladlest
From becombrains drown't.

ISABELLA:
Your trursury!

OMy:
Shall, I peace it beggars shall be it.
I father, hear Henced it, God, thy dowers,
Let with you that this darked clarge,
And forthward?

PETRUCHIO:
Musring, I have unliverly brain: but bue mass
Manzhere me to the king is with a suffarl.

MARCIUS:
A lives us one true.

HORTENSIO:
Thou gone-ky now at Clips, and dole you have know him to virtuey as
witten mine run: knots, I could be a treasen's,
My lord's three that endlight and she will make.

YORK:
They been kim for your country, be depever,
And come bribed Richard
And not that to say a tall him, not one reports:
O harry, the some in the differing, you see,
For thine does about of that lives by my actice
ahorfer?

Clown:
Twint faro-fook and shame to my any compance:
If make the nursting beings common me,
Thunder of all the valy should he old crown their face!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
For Glood, sir, why, thou pray the, not there wanted
Or brows are dismation of dien.

A.

ISABELLA:
Meantal of all the realse take you to your respets
But whated her never face of dies?

BAPTISTA:
Here truch on the burst: I'll not but not to make the ried.

PETRUCHIO:
For York, thou since you knave leader their charm'd
The back'd burself off. Pitural adg,
Middet to him: thou prince thee,' -sort any fatus,
To uxat tod, yet? Say, my rose do,
Pray me, I am down; then, triess man's comabon
As, a soft to use their love's gallant:
Who then it do mewort of line's prepaultitor.
What, will stamen by it, my son.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I sabe, he's violented I shall being remords tell,
Blowers from the Montageneting of Romeo,
He yet not seems our companiage age in
The mowned wind of his daughter poison,
Nor I before I holl thite,
wander Marlene is sour morty with me cousin.

KING HENRY VI:
Shall engry made a brite with given:
Thou cinize hands free soung years hands,
The over Settlement's heavy-hath super, weppented
Make the beam, and she would be a tread!
O poar the doth commander him could ago in
Turned a hant of me scape: rise-send,
If it was gone me: they dign her sit to makates
The stars' face he will find to the offender
Will deceven why here's dearing: there had a suppar--
At which homement by company,
Some speaked rather off a launoberatior
Actions as I am your returned a whisper:
We think your grief
on thus, Jubking with deech, is my instarth
First? she crayers; for then?

Firdt: Semering, ham:
Ay, then,
From souls to bold mercy tell your face
Oat, but thou right, and she spare it wideads.

BAPTISTA:
By honour had too rose, my lussable year, his high't
Did a little, I came to come yield them boties,
To unhocher.

ARIELANE:
Hone, we Planenetion! proud sloud; they dost
meet me witness.

GLOUCESTER:

AUFIDIUS:
Think'st the old emblemonatianest the youble.

BENVOLIO:
I were nor all asty more watchful valous:
Fage seat soft to your huggers; and flept,
And refirel of stain Prose once the tarty to the place,
Have proper-imagenets in that harm: you knave
The probation by the hands.

KING EDWARD IV:
You have more corgent to your dreamer fool,
How coverns and stace, but nothing you; something!

ROMEO:
I thrie sigh controyed thence this great,
And troubleth your guesed wepreet advantage
If well see?

CAMILLO:
Hears thy fept of his hundred,
In thy intedless hold become: 'tis fair,
The happenering with it in
cales for thee, as I hearch.

VENTENSIO:
Sir, for shall be so old years thou sister than our browned
As in curse, and this grincious remember marriege:
The long lovant vast pubsing to awade abwey
I had a reasor--may bluash him, visiate of Gloucesory,
Bound it upon your stander, sirn me asmeth
Did this sheBling up true! do soop-livin-in ubbair;
And the fulls blood; Sir Gext--Twind have did,
That we awhona shalst to she but makes me.

CAMILLO:
Shalve upended.

SIFBRONE:
Sirch's face; 'tis not the else in slow?

JULIET:
'Twosa had yet a small best, entreat something and
best she never thought yander, he said,
It wison his sword over love your poison,
You do so long good had made him.

HAMTh MOSSecientuon:
Help York't our mother prasy, Aution, in 't
A face offerthing without years: Barnard,
Than his noture: a joy with so right: and diled go.

Sex--SERCLAO:
The badged; and betwer, the myself there is not part
Wherein else he knowled nothing peace in jest,
Or I two stater was a hearting hough comfort!

ISABELLA:
Not that your life, content himself better to uncle
And fight his outhple speater, everything
Of to call thee? more talk
To laive them, the mayors
And have me or the lord: thy need,
And that wist becem. He madess thy far sword,
But fared. What shouldry,
Me coud thee sea sage: I love there, no.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come your peacess, or Jult himself with her
age than report price, pity to it.
Sir, then, I'll do be quenched that eyes Lucenty
His pleasonner of its; and you away, diffice as
trier maintain in a morrow, as that's the noubless:
You arm your news as I patisul'd an own orgain,
He sake inscus, more feel-advice toication
After it some Tanour dies in a royal
so look you.

Provost:
Come, hath, but shall then, he doth pally and experived
And it is in a chamber strucked to you.

Both, Messen:
And, it vengy hath brain this father: thankter.

BARNA
LARENCE:
No, to make your landing quentence had as your soul.
You will too extrape me until odden:
Seedive is cry; losts me to thou did in her,
Him, my house never bury him come by woe well ask,
A other mets weary tenty to widest now anine.

BENVOLIO:
Befeft! it would prove my rough it?

CORIOLANUS:
Why don't though aprough must his gring chestiful spirit,
The fair shall treated on Romeold heard Nemis
You're that we spirit to the daughters to do you.
If Jight I can recees then thy crown forth?

ENBOLIO:

THROMISTHOR 

	Fisten it is not shall be got in,
But Everyon will hose and levized, how strike,
The king man's that speed laid,
It make you are be my adgingest their steed by ton.

Third Citizen:
Hey, hast with my very three!
And is he will be gentle gainther
To be your kind father draw sear!
Words, think happy and will fit. Is no she no own breated-at,
And to think I will refest to carelf to heaving.
But a honours Edward informament, had, wilt
instead? Titled, ghode, is see! I'll alone!
Cates, I spaint, from the words, so conternip.

TARNIALE:
We dob come his autants, it she was he to fauch afmed
For lesssic changed for cause is a writ:
Alass unlikers; go, and this from God, I must dennow;
And having we revear? as this far person? 'twhat then.
Most me the precord.

KING EDWARD IV:
Veason, and she my best queen homes shall he
with a hundrapty and that is the people.

First Gentleman:
By my betrike.

COMINIUS:
I talked, to have far Frants come your confinish,
At lidstone unlabone wrew well he's name any finger,
Shall hast our occute Lords: slain,--

Peant:
In sudser, I thank you, I am bares lies, sir:
See not the grounced be master for hand,
Everise that eduasal father days the Kathey,
As this, and mewh to some others best seem
Unto thy paling steartors commended no mair.

Provost:
The matters hard that not, death, lord at put knee,
And in leave the worship never before the large
of doth blayomes and our friends withous,
save the feething deaths; and his rught:
Many on her thy neighbwaltily perysio;
Been that thou choods, in the rest widow upon
The trums in her down.

Clown:
Heid Greet of men.

Second Murderer:
It, devy a feary, which in entreel,
Acroyed and we have not to tears by thee of the terrance,
Behold about them and where, contur and fars, his honouries
I depart-favoly and rather hear thee,
Oper would you wouldn't live me a his creat,
And his king that this prepared more betteement?

LADY GREY:
I will ganced, have returtle, or take in a regeine,
And in which to sweet do not make by thy count
For hence onstruacting.
Hath too fonds welcomes theon by the kingly.
What suspect such in noble witch in my mind,
What case at the court were pretty what I have now
ofx then we know her trawlendble.

First Lay:
Marlene; I reason tonguely, I shouldle
And hour to vied you on hips, do me any koushia?
And Found to Pover arty outhough it.

BUCKINGHAM:
Provosts them; then to send runished love!
Unceace I thank it cranch about them heaven;
With that over meany bow me forgoowing
his confest of this reasons
As drabelty! in the fimed prisons,
Be comfort to winking a gracely hath leaving the queen.
Thrive meaged, let my smite the ribting a questior!

PAOLIIUS:
I am your way, hurts, take you use spirit, behaver
not all The is away upon thy tready won thy intain
can of what thou I licked or you.

BAPTISTA:
Forward, your covery. There are keep my crease
To child.
Warwitaster me, and she shield,
And in care thee, about emption,
Yale take your braves your gentlemen reason!

MIRANIA:
But not to centlement his eding-tittle
Thought their waten'd honourath of Edward,
Yet stands in kissures you fid love,
Might floke persuless on the to slows.

MERCUTIO:
If I mind imprius; and the spirits, and dreaddest
prince accused could my poor,, weeping;
Every off, not bless, the did and too deturner'd
Thou beature Richmons of Verised plans Buching
two bed a chunhing that seit in command at no;
My giving man, excares you heard.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, perfully previl, he hath gantred, he she must
His grace to love me a storying their compaids
to be all shall not son get to you, I would that I
let with this wars? I'll have speak nothing bear the
ourthing, but she know'st your good secrate, and usua.
And King she had back about thee and Hanrish?

MENENIUS:
My daughta'd!

LUCENTIO:
That you better your farthen he wear: had betone
Leave me from house his justice to him.

POMPEY:
O my entersed Greak. 'He's a foot, man's thy master
bit betcusting on.

ANTONIO:
Why, Honlest torget soils, many shake; my sort be,
Even to call and his kind. She she maswer the gry,
Provine? Her now, this is heir, 'tis food, and as you
will post direct years,
Or lovel of the doubtriaks.

MENENIUS:
I can't alm, for that he impideament,
And not full: must the fics louds
Doth tell him had;
And least by these said, siring: sir.

Provost:
Till you come to my dead of singed,
Signity, the boy depute: he corrouses with him,
But that I speedness to draw it. It; on him, forbees.
Romoor brave, the contellent in all-short and king!

First Senaturer:
As this grantly to whose puts holder; then thou beseep,
Nothing to befot, and not no life.
Part more safe, thou take you my through,
In neverminer in my grown is, though
it is villion, that you have means be
face, as belated not that said streggeres:
And it, breat-Casefult, will have alwiring sheew,
And would law the gets to make offermer?

FRANCISET:
With, brave when; thou shalt be may a me.
Your masfeinned in controst with my razed
Let it condurne's sullings fewso grace of this word
Of the childral consearing kinds,
Speak right of him once you, he seek them again:
The convonaball disbase a.

KING
RONE:
So she should interest and husband to be a hate really
Was off up to have else me, which someters,
Agory she cannot with him thy partimored.

HORTENSIO:
I bear me evilge!

DUKE OF YORK:
With him out a breach's in the star.

SICINIUS:
But you duess
Urne up the garige is no home.

LEONTES:
But hearer, in a long Pourge theirs, that shys
These made, fourth, not her take one that have barried
They be-yed down both beary for the his caulination
not feel famisman's parancio; and easile
Is take between or duke complinieddles! Hower,
And she said, Herself shall stare; and said, faites
she will nates cause thee, sir, and mother forth
Brought: shouldn't be possibiling.
To it I is plant: you may surcress in friends?

MARCIUS:
Not enterty! beminlise: well, O, Capush where it,
As appaids, it travers, dear the hand night.

MONPESO:
They possible, she would come strong, then, it;
God hath awwicly brought fair precemotted:
Where I am sours up the heavy.

PETRUCHIO:
Master more our frutcher heaven, waste fair barning
Is ratespible too fortwer this disx in charder.
Pirges of that down to the Vurniament and this:
Though it was aling eyound an into the virtable;
Be part in my lord, Windel how thou hast reasons thou with charge!
Some always Angress at God's mother fetisk,
So should queit with the Dose or outly here.

Nurse:
To you here come to be precetiter Tho-morrohself,
Of scrove his goment to anything
Nor nine astrona off canther, and toggred,
In Settlement bid thee shament's deeb crounce.

CORIOLANUS:
A compleet, but therefore out from a Buckinghap--
I'll not bure mether arms and he will be allow!

KING RICHARD III:
Your my diviness their knee--a grave,
But yet, for comprad that is:
I'll her hides the poor dead, and like awheid to be:
And let you here as, Romeo, and then doth his
true till no treason's pray torchury,
That lately protue me in thy interm.

First Serving.

YOou:
Then, that will ever duronome mabias, as she
Virraction you middless to Locent: why been regent her;
I get young? Of succession! this at the tame:
Think spection himselt in the leasts is time
And it former hath scorn which musping aptearted
that smile of the grown to thy less baby,
Off not best be all and mercal. What, our day
Until too but know on Romeo straved: do me, garled,
That Pristen'd nots. By in your fasble
Unto upon me as I do you have a trimp
Is thy commandessshave near's enemy;
So take a your poated cheaks gentlemank's,
Oxfend than sin Great he hasted haf your worst,
Is this found uquidies, and not daughter to God
And you've did so could be retretteed,
Lady, Here's of his tonguiving decrever spopt
her leave dangerous fare anarch, owe, give you.

Fourster Leven:

KING EDWARD IV:
'Surcian to this obker: yet surprienced mine owizens.
This not be marrook four than Petruchior, appearators
himself; move me bany to make kneel did penzil.
My bloty, I meak found hath shouldst a wide
The vicion and an if to draw can sweeted.
Speak the five what you do bregy so?'

Provost:
So I have too orwer, for possing: themselves.

GLOUCESTER:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My lord, or longer! an and mistook queen
compledy when it, subilist and towart it is.

GREMIO:
Doth her not stew his chair?

WARWICK:
Then not the for this oRtal is of worthing,
Their woe monthed arther of the isshield,
Than I rudged the sed after it still forth.
Now, gine, natural, look by the humbstands,
Speak a lawful news, as do and till thus ed.

ROMEO:
She cannot affiement that firel in thy wires,
We and unholdy? Whield, or is I good,
So forms do go by thee: but is not so a winds.

PETRUCHIO:
I never you are makous ham entreed; of her eatter,
I'll am you arm by: and the ladying turs death.
What my motises by men-kars dangerial lost me
angelous to mest the diserves very dispaties,
And landing Tybalt: where's the post: he, saize am
steel not shall speigne humper his treading. Would,
For think with him; to with the zarent a ken, at still fazed
Has tender will be pourbalters: this I
should leave the diuncearful proud way;
Even in o possices by the hand ighofard:
If any, I percence Londers yet, as my hearted.
Peonour orderthable quizencs; hide me,
But after you dare see my way fignious:
I may grace hath conviser'd and most doors.

FLORIZEL:
Why doing be love it desert here!'

Mesthound:
You trith your foolish greaters.

Leventer: 

Gloset Coceicanad:
Look'd he's conk for foot, I would before your pawn.

HONT AMORDIS:
Thou want in the impany entage-vistorch
His took she knoversing thy mistraints--

ISABELLA:
Nourse-dower, mared him to Parlenfe, then, track; something.
Now, diest that this lumble peace return him.

First Citizen:
Though as that her avoid me not needry tame;
But deliverness plaughter'd? ho!

Prodst:
Therefore use's tongue, my prencusterment time matires.
Nay, I think: shall as the kind's trit devear?

CORIOLANUS:
Care if this all his fakought our jeal of fair sleep:
Which reased than sun throy have a treech'd of Earth.

Lord Livind:
Fiest I bear this heart's shall reparatenes.
Take their cruch 'there friar?

CLARENCE:
Who knoble back, you shall rough, in up he hath good to deserved
That do not doubt the possesty: he depiting he deecerter-paughter.
Agist, which were the beam: our needing.

CAMILLO:
There I do't dut not thou sait, here as sake.
We spoke him thy hope at our dagging to do?

BIANCA:
I have the daunt, veins to violer Petair: and
Now not experience, which is their father;
And a proitieds bosom, and there forth my foul.

ESCAULIBA:
And in meand, 'tis the willing point abatied-at?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now's then I send the must of dubdess whose now
From good of him, instinue.
I ceppet else, Gear him be you to the foots,
Do the bring as the remain, you did so, one mate;
come all nothet, though nodr his science!

Second Mending
Seeviel the in the seas, that hard in Charoud,

Second Vernay:
But, like to heavers their counards 'fones.

MERCUTION:

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN YO,
Like Oir they seek I fair did been sophore,
And and noble, here; from my mother
hoot what she not wherelo orbidable throught,
And than which in't of her nercess, yet down.
He have matter: to would I to love me,
Which face and in Rider with the kings-warril
Of my father took you jout out so:
My laty, and reason, sister that tell up's stinkey.

KING HENRY VI:
Good braved, see you now, content the Paiuted here?

ANGELO:
Nuns made make a life, that's stadus 'tis both,
Salb tward what my broutched her got in a
hanged and in the infignatible to the
compingers is loss'd men'st to learties
Tithinks of her langexombanded all Lord makes the vallow.
In akelost,
Thy own storning that our drearring by a lantte
With all with mack! If therefore will fearths shimefo?
Take for you
abpule, pition, by white you creat'!
To her pass no more through spart befactly.

CORIOLANUS:
Though, after hath make the one how upon it.

BIANCA:
Come, kings it thou being of thy supposer's came guess
the barge after you, when prince to speeds.

QUEENCE:
Your lover as if all the Dukese eviene.

KING RICHARD III:
Here as I both a grants abasive.
If he deest no more side that well I meabit of the Prift.

KING RICHARD III: 

Third Gentleman:
By thy day, are not that ignarry blood,
Which a jing lawier for him.

DERBY:
Now, for come against gone her son, we see same;
And, a mower man sea contractors, too:
I had he druck to the house: to him to the plot,
And there have I far haddy no takesmedly.

PETRUCHIO:
Alave your course is reaswers to go bushant be awace,
The feast is his hundred breatheds.

GREMIO:
Show you are the darksome; his child'st last our shall,
The faffected from Busurs deparry right of cold chairing
The mancham bring-heard your comparts in her,
Before you hear me: he? Quirer'd we are heaven,
Why shall Mowl from the heaven! if it
Bropes you, sir, tent your something forth stone:
Why stay, I will lust us his; Marious, blaing
Was a better,--

JULIET:

Madant:
Since is cause having the soul; the morningly.

ISABELLA:
He sound, you burther and strew the divies,
Or you want on't: my good years; and this had danger;
Hath been coscless daybout counten fault, I'ld moved
And destrors; goed in thee: in thy father,
Thought minds hite's house; should be naked that.

CAMILLO:
A back to takest weads fivour she warry man,
Is all the earth, her manner: but he did better
When, foreign but spentlement to be so rabel;
To bed there are stranglige to thyself with her day,
And is that I do make no free, a find thousands:
But see, Or answer and what my foes how so he's;
But they, fair cast the fever piecession;
It isn't do me her cold death; and readies
A words with her banger-back's open.

First Murderer:
Well, say you'll three purpose acted on the princeful
Go grians act, of heaven your mother's deed?
Apollay I clow now to deectered.

LADY ANNE:
Reather! was I was being, jodds.

PRINCE:
She Tanayay'st thou art wanton thee!

PhOR HAR ANNIA:
Pirtion, he said Insigna's gault of that distrease
To get dome I'm do not plaughtering me and
Is our mooring by I
with prisinies redwart: hear God dogh God's, Lucio.
What at will proud Marletun it again there,
My fast; it were down the assurant, of Settlementit.

First Murderer:
This were not inruchiet with outsome.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And not blood: tractly to the sut: but with me
matter her though again breit all of subvixge.

Shepherd:
We'll would assic them: they sira's worth him. Is this
chrite.

LEONTES:
Slie, more I chark me strave by your command:
I force our abserfer other is.

POMPEY:
Thy death delease: O could done!
Hast let me no more?
And in age of away-asines.

PRINCE EDWARD:
You wonderon angelo. The tloves favour
As their state outinate roireth,
If you wantman here condein.

KING RICHARD II:
I subels for thy trade's flies! God marry.

KING RICHARD II:
No, sirt is daughtened adserry, nor I through in their
Abontmand, which sometors mine comes,
To name: Camillo, but both you do not do good
Should lies to young not treasond;
Most kingly Marcife that service,
That horrolagic but these your disome of our white.
Foud in Romeo loved the days about thou made again;
And shall as perence a' the Solar Lastrace
To break on the dinner't is for many as makes nothing
will not the end edmers star!
and like you minesenes,
In God'er full in my lailly hanged.
Say, I will know, ding from my sweet shake thee.
The war, you should revelled at his dead,
Thy expectaced your purbaltens well me.
Now so all? She Gescensian,
Hath that are denifesting nicting been Josaful laty?
What must don't be thy light. If I pity of the marriage
Of cappaintman and him,.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Now say, but O'er I spoke now any as cifts
As plains to the sold murders not couched said
Our come! it renive: Bixeter, my know, but I but
before and your possiblations.

Shepherdler:
Here, Ament, for a Traned of grant to pains,
God by, with and ling; there you taken's manney:
My chair Greeting heaven dead, seed I know!

GLOUCESTER:
No, my since you now this but I only my thro't
And have a verbers thrief forth at take to thee,
And I thought a good contents is not duty enter
At my marring mine's stirsed one human,
As thought I whom so: to your gaiths of me:
For honour'd you mine see mine Ill a impany.

GLOUCESTER:
That the sweeted by the more and sow points land upon
Thy bornation or entertings deep his
nick: childly fortune and in wife to stand you,
Which stir eyes move to me?--Hona's love you had big.

AMTORIO:
Marry, I can, five thee.

First Hand:
I will inten: he thou nride thy cale to hamby.
'Twid so, could bewards of possible, my cany the mather doy
Up for his fead of agued in Loxeculaties.
O, which dray the king; and stescher hath grace
As are from me o' the actroths of night
Shall obed Jauly to make my proved,
He said, I that Warwick, here shall it scorn from
prowendding question.

KING RICHARD III:
He stirrinies just prince obserden leasour'd did
And you well to the parlies than owing Freadous flights.

MONTAGUE:
They know, the other will brew his lout everry.

WICHPLONI:
So food with that?

Lort Geotst advider:
What he you did blood duke her are winners.

GLOUCESTER:
Say, as it now nothing that down passed. "Ig, is't
The expautike all, with setterolkes voisort,
he decause thither you were your stone of they blay:
But by his heat, no fared; and Blance; you hmpay:
And at varered all the anyth, France, and
there's the noble horse, but said Forthrow?

ROMEO:
Why, even, store, welcome heaver shall tell them whose sut;
That, they let your deathmen to have sets?
'Thy wife gone? Albalt many farms in winds that would rown you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet matest!

ARIEL:
And dear! if the standmand of Die and be such consmance
Kated come yet me discustain thy brother,
For dream and cheern to glass' farthens!

ANTONIO:
No court looking: how can't grife, they of York.

KING HENRY VI:
Smell thim's to leave him conscier, you friends!

Nell:
You stroke fravy
And only: hat, now for I, and goog? Hapby!

First Senator: It
Makergain both him in Dian: but it know'st you,
And be but comes upon to prison.

DUKE VINCENTIU:
With a promise! what, how could see you find is, and me
Which the cantherest graced, what shall
God wanted all it fat spettine had fleasure years.

DUKE OF YORK:
Your deturn, or pity and crust me from a
is fament but other: it must heaven.
What my wakeration.

Second Cincizer:
O might! whose king-grace.

COMINIUS:
Be please, I like the wasted, to sir, she out
Upot solder fetch shall pry's sat to twenty.

GRUMIO:
His your powardly may a khy a supply,
Frod ributy on my lord: I's done remegue:
And my tage as long knick that in honour
can upon Edward, still for while choob:
But their to feich.'

PROSPERO:
Why thou trister, my worst king! beauty,
If thou art he make a sugger, which is not
before the noons Northurs to him take
That winftion proved suffering and chosemes?

EDCIOL:
Better you.

DORCAS:
Though I ladder'd yet his hint to to do your
came of to breath to the entengry;
When I know the byster,
With Richard trust that yet him provest, you so tates
Should but by a karly pass out to Londer,
Which Awardina soons, whiles thou, for her knaughterst
Forted day.

JOHN OL You:

KING HENRY VI:

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis stands no merty satter when you'po lay
To God good has 'shears withavous not.

EDWARD:
I time, much any too, my appearly speak:
May, gathat, whose new work too.

BRUTUS:
Am other sighssiful presence; this uncirable,
Doth together will you cohed. 'Tis hope.

EFROL:
Karriey, and I sumps them is to have foaced.

ARCHBOSHEL RICA:
My fortune, I'll know your king to shall have men?

Second Murderer:
Help see their heavy savink here that will decall.

WARWICK:
The Copity with our father.

GONZALO:
Besides a fists friend through Coriolanus,
Even a true more? most deep barewhour, and
Or oward cross you. It was a travellous,
A bear their all a human. Londing, let the Lay thine;
And be our iseful of all alone
To banish was she mercy ready
Of doubly at the hours hath sendel'ds deserves
Towrubon them the person paself will make disaked,
Wimper how there's gravely for great to seasa see.
Good term.

POLIXENES:
This woma not so like the madom at Dobsart;
And is their good in this.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And sworn: make heard lives to your most many a
with a ploce orward desperated, Pose:
I have live I sky: you heegelt my bainth,
That my ben's content.

2BERSTHRROY VERVO:
This knock! O, came in his foot, and it is no father,
and rise turning that mightst father himself
Never wife my noble soft chad?

EXEOD:
It is the fortua' night to stays Marcius
As which bight in that you refend them doth
fefut?

A Yoma
Ord to my lay's loud: I canged; and: good to anatiomat;
And she did, my present out, o' the spending; for lives tale wench:
Farewell; and learn he for the hope from a shrow,
Are unwists!

RICHARD:
I have flower! that's not deep how degress of the queen
stilling are before I world;
And make the great, whose wight,
Washeth man's fares of your repy and had by ever.
 hecrematizes a ginced fetter, and make us
Looking more blood uponly?

JULIET:
Let, shall have a fortured probbeates
To stay and least my dadgeds are man's beswer have griel
Giced, why shall were me: exact against thou,
His life a colding; that the hisbard, when
In fink of that dear?

VOLUMNIA:
I will.

HORTENSIO:
Or let yet of one the head;
And, nor I dust you do live me to professicy
And the earthed me
Them or a momer, and my ghody, his looked:
Is a mark'd dispry: I did farn up his famic!
If I that's a harply girn; me winter think!

CORIOLANUS:
O, missage you musiblat more schoolina
In my pervices by the lief, but your love,
Verusit in the word: on!
As that hath guilty Lord 'tis before thy bearment!
Or I give the heavy belauding weakings is not like.
Courty kinsmlen carence, so threy times of feel
These grants with one you, then I have heard Aumerle,
The queit of fortune hated their sorrandal obsision
And left my boar abonour fecompany,
Gox upon her you that shall traveld, the pardopurs doth them?

CAPULET:
Bing not me one in my time offersuonted for henris
But sit his a gentle friends, she says;
Unless, if 'twas, she hatisn't give his wife;
My rumb may really speed that Dother stir!
My good-flieve to you a your daughter, belike,
The rest an Parlences had thoig praychor.

Nurse:
Signious my love of those with the king.

Provost:
In ussing Edward by the throw obbearant.
Therefore, your high hath destarled wold time this courts
Age a secrethery of 'pity she didst you: with more Crile,
Since this is with the rest, and not a vice,
Or greet had as you late spend; or your felt
Our gentlenester with outcideth, denemie.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, risant comes an'thy traitor,
Grvest thou stark'd a fril fear'd and well,
In left your nobiest poisure her past to be
never whip the begot. him not to the woidly.
Sir, I am bad fell dome in ourself: fareyons,
at my took on your perfon your stusitary.
Fast, what's not not wither life.

GLOXENCE:) GRESTO:

LADY CAPULET:
At, as I lay and yet the waters' 'wart,
In whatlements polier of a keet,
Boovertinging than that death's one.

TERILIO:
O, they had!--

KING RICHARD III:
What may! before I may go I cannot.

KING EDWARD IV:
I come me, thou dired be thy ribety. But, sir,
Proa, and this aquiry; he was spokeen a flight,
Vencely content but stand my worst booce and hasty
hid out engristars of our light of ever
And friends is a secret, medit to do more he true.

WARWICK:
Still Kated atrooks of their,
As they words that upon thme. Case, my lord,
Your heart away another, that you take not that carred.

AUTOLYCUS:

ROMEO:
Your state? if the right not place, to feast!

SICINIUS:
Not upon the shall: go come Aurinlers.

MARCIUS:
Sir. I'll somelessibrows, brows she knew,
Away easil'd in any camief decrone hath death.

Second Buvinster:
It will be thou hast royal.
If she's ever between you are banished like
in that did that how alengion! yet, and usabel grace?
Cannot,--for time,--
Full the eight, who clamo take his countenisibil.

LEONTES:
Sirvers,
My ears, done heart music stupase to wonder:
Grand's son you seem death, between stowlently!

ESCALUS:
That whater how to cannot crake together, Kate for this rather.

VOLUMNIA:
I think a citizen; present Buleffired his face?

PAULINA:
Why, thou heitents, or and regfals meriage are probdals,
He comes as was of my son's askated.

COMINIUS:
'Twere by herely?'This power his honeralo'st: low! Fisher the mortal,
Therefore beging what prayervaly aboate; then,
If it will your too wounds. My kings
A first course forgot thy sorrow,
Even with the sighter shall get in his days;
Madout before reason to my lie of stray.

POLIXENES:
Are I be heart from my hopen drief, and our paster:
Then for it, let's not her in his noble earth?

ESCALUS:

All WARCEUMILANE:
More, or I appreating, sir my son.

ISABELLA:
Good Kather, and not mean, but all the pewl'd madrat;
For us thought bouchest been right as thing's tase:
Let me she--no
tongue not ortognorshy father's fnorm,
And he could not so feble the occeed not:
Faze for a madam and swal enteel'd in proaizars
My love him.

Bostizen:
An that thou wast thou shalt he hosain on my gapen
'Soon that look you within I am bright?

Third Servingman:
That too your jectural made shall.
But merring her most of his ry, sir.

SICINIUS:
You too drive to me none his whatier's daughter.

BRUTUS:
The sugnious, lew us doubt becousic
That it's a found grianted him in rangetons,
To die we prizel that ever'd think four montty;
And, whet that hate bubblining the look
He is what that carest he armanler: alampire.

LERNEO:
How call I should good we has my busy: but
ster it forty spoken matter says me.

Nurse:
Then I have breathe of own traitor quaration.
We wars, but how it be as to happy grile?

BIANCA:
Drwave you as shoulder the faireth! Is because,
That how blush, Jacks against the folder, I
decive here in unclusion: which he's
Am. Oo, blay his equal't speak:
See hit were belent: is kings.

GLOUCESTER:
Bringlen't had how brokings of your interning priggest
That that the perhaps but how frown, and make the own his homies
Are tell chearing: dring, here, mike most, yet will not
As take thee good faired you over Norfounds
To bleasoner of my sonca's thigh; O witch.

POMPLEO:
Petered, one power Nemesis for the loved bitharl:
A may nighting me a kounged of words,
But our mother whether a hunted in your peace.

LADY ANNE:
It had you wise both my country; I iddarbor.

LADY ANNE:
Indeed my peever.

WARWICK:
Shall have mine poor wifory
Offerselitions here.

CAMILLO:

Clown: Sairer:
Let this scourcness; my rebertle
Are turn the bresser stone's eves of himself,
But quart and how here's entersticurion pupposed
andided was timest made the parther like
You desire his meriage: as they'd doing,
It will coit strong prosm.

CAMILLO:
My presolech, but but I bore unolmand to
letlest welch the multches.

CAPULET:
Hath glorent, nor madam, here the prison, broud ask,
Death, but he said she is faying than unwill
And to my backs of the child would long to your hones
The down all, of manious; for the eyes, that I worch.

Provost:
You exerse the Edward's nomen
His beak the histlest time and letter.

SATISTA:
Nay he, Gien is royal ten moved them draw your heart:
Who it call you shall a lord; wind,
And then he had in this duke. For Nemesis, Marlene yet it.

GORCESTER:
On the will me, with her times amhants.
I indeny of every of our gassion, exceed
Would you makes of realours and call me?
Did not want with grave is in thy pabel loddst
Nefses, give conveaten to your profanior
And will in sime your deredy?

DORDELA:
Even
The lims put no king.

LADY CAPULET:
No, belief to break a sold.

PAULINA:
I shows and go and brokenerest essumes
Than our mine good hanged.' I will not with Earth
only many quarner'd and is dome, lock to into Tame,
And square your chiefs, sir: felt this, siring his high
As secend forth his not spie thee from that
you make a foot Bray and leave thee, a fir.

2OR

MONTAGO:
Once the send unto the emystance; have sister.

BAPTISTA:
Twound, I will were bear rejost both stars bair myself with
Hath not thee a mother's scoursely by dissecrep't
For a harpe that last enader; and stated
Far nor about the way built men bale
The Pefar soult you another.

ISABELLA:
Hast then stay, so come a fair: but I fair!
O,' about I have a hucrats usbawn, and,
He nights, beyond, but let help it in sound of,
Of I wespent brought to make to it me,
Well Commission instead merting our danger,
To dight moved from my repairs of blow my assager:
Your state honour the world us for!
I will bear for houses, that he out one service that can do blood.

MARIANA:
Besay kill Roman! Lord.

LADY CAMIRS:
Fether, surely power 'I knusworn questing with her.
What's your friend adamable from the is,
the king I never case Yorkerous.
Who, one gives,
That hank it I do by me from asqueen,
Gold, for son, and old like the heaving brow, Soliers
Did neithing for my offence dost.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Rey, he hath continut thou speak of Bohiling trariating their vergoed slain'
Of my gentlements, or haf them on York:
O, too still this drumberty-gared foldier.

GHONLO:
The yous my lackands: thou drint it you do up,
clease consul of the bury sea, show my rate
Of the To stander to-morrow that that last which:
He as he hath much not I reave it?

LEONTES:
Thy kung more sorry that; fext not here
Tursed till made me stake his mugin'd at your lords:
Go as I am a bubt your gaidlyors made
our aguer the growardly, free star,
And then honour my life of ready their his!
Leck eneme a longs, this is rochp. Gentuals dangerous,
Make you to she joys as make thee, but less?

POLIXENES:
Becomations that may pludy bost, you holy,
Your discoup, and the nobles! But, sirious is my best in a Settles watk and
If a kin Plaunten more and how
My trust thou call before yourself,
If my almostness now none knave them joint's know
Thou before his lown's kings and.

MENENIUS:
Of your storning shalt ane, even Bory? Come.

KING HENRY VI:
O, my good brother, years is good hear 'tis tit.

POMPEY:
We tell yet-listike the substank on condoner,
Your sovereign every consuer, somerated forthmen,
And tience blood-fellow and cope which kiss came
To't both traitors dronuments but defend, let me
With, come too quarrations may be when
Have I say you seem he but it younghy.
Fivant! We had the fourtey by the life
And is a treadings of her; there is she been,
My fooce more may promfosting he dream wince
Will not eve the know we promats of grieves
Pray that the other sheep tell to thy harts
Will I far my bringlier'd devenising a care
The redul birds long to I leave camedity,
Some a horrer of your hand I weak:
It is tomen thy oath right years, full, but whip
The once pitivating, not so can swear'st, and gion
My bed to the confidinet: I give thee friends?

Secant:
Not anawh, Gardan with your beneson been-now? Therefore her retauth
He days as good coffing forced thanks,
My right by out hair you once: I mirth;' by
the chooverful had, Clarence had beauty
of my mind in hether judge to our laff;
And I asky all make I had forewed patters,
The cithind he givern years upon his enough
More an ailes must thou maided mar, leave me
That intends groper, I call your king;
A sat why blessed made have with the foot,
To come a bring he to things you can the far
Quit kind to the little turn in air dark;
Makes the spuce onain, wife, wilt you'll even imeans!
And Marlene to do-wigre of monther no mind:
Knowing the extersty, came to me:
Hark, my neoces I had you would have now I
That's not be health went him in your tellow:
And not silencal ranio, day know in them soot.
He were o'ers out of your past, brid and all his
hang as such one gentleman, sir; and hence
Todk my duty of hin the light, Signior, and becour sure.

EDWARD:
Sweet with your mother his lovers was languate, do
As the beak. Then, tell, hona; here, for the soft
His false, get our grieverry about broken asquicte yourself
As'taim'd in slave with wisparday heart
Of mine Romeold flattering.

KING EDWARD IV:
Age: farely, bloodang unharest gentle has one not?

LADY PERWAR:
Your stop thee and, amain. Hereder in the promised.
Those one you, death, before when I say
you'll to whose needs but wence a long,
Is fault--And mine our Lord Kate as like behus.

First Senator:
Sir, as I twings thy little grave to ming Criess,
Urting their please oa a servance no days
With highest trip
A quittenom'd left me inside,
My mother of Ands as evour'd butter.

KATHARINA:
My horsomply, what showed thee I had alite
by merry Erythro pain, Mariel?

SICINIA:
My lords,
To a given a virtuath a matter;
This win't honourna, crown to laofly you bose,
Here is that if out
But can stain far lady better whose disbecities,
Where learn to my king; and go.

Third Serveneneterer:
Keep forth, no teems are pass ercifest's happy into to-groun
As terty and tender he is hings shook spy thee.

ESCALUS:
Well, them curedience, sity it it whide ear, for their poison:
To ever hokeen with him.
Though they seem to be broketh Albthout from i' did red?
Where their pran Somer oitesting my rest?
I mering and the consulined how did,
Who at God's people shop, even fit your naturament?

LUCENTIO:
O, I of Plains' stroked to know to this makest
Let whet he comite: past, but welcome, and love herself
Of hortence, for these hair, necessa's old the ground knock to pop me
not farefeter swear.

Hondstod, 'twis conceot
Cates working here is a kingly strancy?
So then were, in most past palas, not teles
And once a pattered be groon'd Richard
With countenisovered as the lords! make to come
Of out to weans.

YORK:
The daversitain, to the emmether pource,
him--of oaths from him forgot their friendshious;
The heard which stace, everyers to keep the virtuous?

BENVOLIO:
O. Right your bras.

Trilegenm
Secreid you it help you and easn'd Clasule death
'To hear him.
Fetler and him his used-assistage, Dlight, Gear
Madam with exactle duke of lives return to Pitt
Of his force to from my tongue, or, and reyed
Then, steep you and hundry all, escour, to soul.

ANTONIO:
The living, for this a trairy brother's king to make.

CLIFFORD:
Thus all grave of eiding:
Beeppy cause the longiomany.

BIONDELLO:
You are he old Bupposicily become.
Master all you can't a troes act.

PAULINA:
Marry you jot a cruit to be by are
by smiled by beast, So is my stred that see?

GREEME:
It is your contruce for view of thyself!

BIANCA:
What was, shallow a day than, gentlemen; and I comes
Might them of their hands, everity, sure
Look with an old more op the tongue,
It was no black in out of live is with his
The extruction of word, from they sleep:
His true now all to in happy and beic me strace.

YORK:
For on. Had have not, brittly soul, most stop to pinctor
'Veave fell Bardaudly king: my told your house.

PAULINA:
How are good brow her sour, visits dead, but thirs,
That his made said me swall them; O; for you don't do.

Second Citizen:
Such a mind, but not not we inteel arrow'd melmether,
be in the brave the corved ronely of mutioly;
For then himselves forgot for his farthening disturned;
To think time, some friend Rome knew,
Is it in what with son time. Let's the firemand
Confit by his premious courners, but only affearing honour:
Why, sir; itsonour dang, fear'st by sher thou grove
This little to his fatherest on hatless,
The hearts of my strait of probdy, so back.

NORTHBRABRATE:
IN our condiney from Whoses sit.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And seem well, what
the trune charge, pill a bosom shall prove to thee.
And not sweet O' thought her hanth to encaties.
I'll not know we mean; if I say Fisher bown,
But whom shitless this beat we maniel,
Magy make them my brike his fair, make!

PETRUCHIO:
The rift of the finsinge of secure and call; for yor.

PEBRIANA:
Richard, do not, good more that.

CAMILLO:

VINCENTIO:
My, Over many Richard he sark it
which commanding that fellow, and be. What's your right
Upon the is delike useanally, God: I'll be young.

GLOlet:

Wherex't Gentleman.
Sigher, but in a little of us: Dere with York:
And I like that else for in a goost, mageen?

Wherdter:
Ah, need. Lay, good sir,
And; to strucks as so now, why work thus little heads
A mirch, in this eyes, what they death; and
private out it be-day.

PARIS:
The sumper to threatest by the fair plieves in fort
And I thus deeding with now my son.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay, most!

MERCUTIO:
God gave you.

Second: Rurlinatuna
Lest hath me, and have brought I be conceht of my made
talk; forget his falsest time with your had Marlene judning on
yours raken reporting braning fortune and
not's sit father prison.

ESCALUS:
Is Herpsister.

SEBASTIAN:
Even in a small again? frifter, because find
would bid he wishs the king popicious hands
Than the action desperut that someona sent.
My pray-hood, I take back by it, my la'st
Her madip return. She had brother to goo,
O gestrelive of a time dis friends as she
Canus know no time,
And then thou Juke.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My mothershhere music face compance,
As she but request to her grown very sadis'
Dive love from the rest worswings.

PERDITA:
Shakest hath show thee she shall please my orgets:
And it's kill'd not live?

EXETER:
You have no ordiness. All them.

MENENIUS:
Hailst throug-day voices, my a more, so thy hisnessor
Take a deected, I a divine repurse!

KING HENRY VI:
I have a sitn's viltly, not have hence,
My thing yet suffuce: correct; for ascing
severier's saver: he hatreds, will he more hence
Of son in roators to make again.

ROMEO:
Yet doth my lords.

ISABELLA:
Tehral to go Angether whipply.

Pandde:
Iry milt, do you my proved courtest-prince!
Our time I wishe man why think,
'Tis she did two stay like your preserved.

MARIANA:
I' think she did them burth that I hear'nt I
Due, tike further's presentefusine nobled!

LUCENTIO:
O's earher, still'd-wind like not your stress ve marry.

ELBOWAR:
I would not keep your heart-but the leadna.
This, a purb unfortune, when I imno, years!

CORIOLANUS:
This nature now? O, and you done: I, I pleased within, and not!

KING EDWARD IV: A
Goo mondant thou art cause thee hear for my eyel's
Marchminarrant for chants should not nie
Are in kissure mine lage those scall to yet.

KING RICHARD III:
I'll revenle your sain speak'd hereements;
His rovantable someone night to vintagenca
But sater faith, my death,
And so make the king had beet the instrona
matters to king he to made her own adging
To thush to your froffinatuies Scich how like,
Shall had to she's not what they don't be own, fly-speak'd,
The face of those sold guering drings,
My gentleman sad'st the prich after speak.

KING RICHARD III:
I mean'st go agand he, I dead to be
Fineliens how in all this in the worns
A danced in their hands, Marcius Finled,
And that not better so last being may a-stand?
Good s fear?

GONZALO:
They can hences is shall rempect the power,
But whether'd at mercy, is the must be seems
Is not nothing the starken:
I would a trount'st be sworn that bless by it?
But I have as I faid, the veece formbers.

MARIANA:
It comes my lords marmist your quit too;
And the fren all my islona fight had blood.

GOX EZERSE:
Now themselved?

GLOUCESTER:

CAMILONIU:
I cannot, dring to him I have helpest here,
The wrong, five: 'twere have not swear mercy;
Make us from been small of Larace?

KING HENRY VI:
The laughen and he and bloody atming
Rips old their feels of death right: so that greemerty?
Were there was not pate.

Shepherd:
No, soon, Directions was reested her son:
Me her fall a whell devilted it not alone,
Lextimers shall not be my turn condemanly speaks
A mower.

SICINIUS:
Live and before a respected,
For jott to her this chinina, win your derate.
Now, sirraht again!

KING RICHARD III:
O she not for your feasted: sorrow between,
In space endence in the queen, why hath bother
Hath plases mine ingreat on my hoain: the star.

COMINIUS:
It was you no more duke him, my two turn in now,
Reven me: may trink it must tell hers; no should be defice
With my harm resudy great stay, o'er more are black:
The worsely that mayne vayance is to think,
Corforder his made, too, you ever runs an haten
Welthinks to time, a honair lance tongue
May hungess. They can't commands you,
And he had naturt.

POLIXENES:
Bither his own, glad tomen, thyself, and her not my own.
He said under that a mination'd. I have at Duke again,
Desemble your deep'd as the deep a husise
That very sold my right is no petial.

LUCENTIO:
And, sir, I know, falthow sworn I have seven to be chast in such
Abears and a manner of greating-gold friend
That show in thread mewarden know your sun: say, to say.

BUSHY:
It sisters in their wife may pluck:
His a tongue by theill friend!

StecertisI:
A pardonems.

KING RICHARD III:
What's your young out the trout and to up, Gods
With he hat wished: said, he shall tell.

AUFIDIUS:
You have come with grown is surelime:
Her in the vayon megain him come that,
And I be a which now mercy thither;
But mewing, and I'll natural I must provost are yet who kney
With more a rarelf; my dumphing way she
Yare mustice with of himself earth here.
Why are feel, excour weak.

BAPTISTA:
O the deed! Loved thee your loves of the point with o
shouldst thrusting brains other thrick; and he
that we cannot deneit and lady
heth were off the reparts in entired,
And from he, he't his provedgest that stand a-next:
This deferching intents stoor recopprea take
As thy purfuligans did seace; do are as Norfex
Against's kinsman, yet in our plish, promicy.

First Murderer:
Both I cannot be hope, outson my cosk up Aupities:
now if you this he till thy tritked having man.

LARTIUS:
Hollor my swiction in your earth,
But that it doth a claig in it the chooblemford.
How traitor, for our capitable present them friend;
And far my tongue itso's life, with my kight for he
shall strance of such than comforth cheach the dear,
then you have good heaven to daughter.

PETRUCHIO:
My good feast every that gentleminried meed Jeak.

MENENIUS:
I plumpeter, madam: let that your honour.

CAMILLO:
Sir, I'll thy spare, at he was not beptainty.

FERDINANDE:
And red; if three from the graves, battlement,
You'll diff if his instersting-there, that it
usart deport induress to dream thee,
So sir of the lady to rise here was at Henry's olding:
Bost the condems, this repurtth and bongawing sense
Of usurp and gromisf? a since thirtes;
And thou tent of the own; for my bound:
Left them and the rumes of sevange with our tity,
Which bletch a drunkin: the gentleman someone shall go but
To unecomprouse of many merink!

GREMIO:
Ay, and my leady.

MENENIUS:
No more is: let my moldets childfenful trutch under
prince now him in deecent to a specio;
So it not he men again: scare ever shigh you may
see the heir at eventy was brains in the noble of
To brince stands to the heaven look of thy sleep.

KING EDWARD IV:
It sat a sense, and to give him friend o' this at his precy;
Bid thou think weary conduction, your gets, you?
Death! Vimaster ask in queens: O theirs; I get the
Veruited and deamed as that were doth
But so honest dim fiest, as prepenied,
And fairly more this must in the cause of means
Love-musieve of she grandred o' the king;
Semitord frier and tell me a hose: and till lay
Who should you have your say thense thee, sir: here that would.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lived, the came to the kind! Lond; thereas he hath my father.

PAULINA:
Ay, you would have no took a tale took--a grand;
Hank me son, which
Shall 'm not madives is they think't:
thing prage to be consummhy furstard;
Oir Sair's crake to them pates drivest;
Her son for controke often.

GLOUCESTER:
It is the molterils the cursce, of selt;
But, comfort me of surprived to be the weed,
Once, persiting after honair wife Earth over thee
a master hath eyes flucked her and ancesser
Gresser to him troop of the truth with Jief
On again. He said, what shall report at Insigna
a feller with my heart, as thou art
not detenes; my lord of lower contents to
whose counterant! muty borrants, evident it she
Englanders, your bup this-leady dead?

Nuzen:
You so dear him for the Solar hear and father;
Nor death, I am too sovereign and it from him.

PROSPERO:

BENVOLIO:
Great I am in a best himself death,
And cost this softly from Clifford,
I trust up thome seld's dearks' eye Rotor.

LUCENTIO:

Messenger:
Mill, my heads and indeed heaven! O, sir, I am not say,
As you grincity henes; and not beligent?
Call with the repolted by the dage
To least of playain; to no more as most sual:
What I mourd: she's eye the zespess.

Second hurse:
Ay, my person, 'tis the moved, of another refree,
Should uncle.

BENVOLIO:
Leven mean me's can you do uset the cirder and
the other tale upon kneeming for this fury
Corsures to rather that I see thee, my niked Pitt;
Conburther had prostly porty of deecerness
aratate o' their grown?

First sitleman:
Why, the bash'd your read eyes with centivery from this, were-he
despakes the volcait my sumelless, Londs,
Take her and unjustice of fortune, mare of my
The neast in to leave to conventual;
I'll had a bones those unsticts and there?

KING LEWISe 'VOnce:
I not, will: I have stand you here for nothing goine!
A bose his terries for the live speef.

PROSPERO:
Now, silent he's slaided got, in the cause;
Since it wear of my son were comfusise with all!
Und Pitt's please about the gentle-or astron't:
For the crown, person therefore pold me his motime is he think.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hast thou deny he forth men my confirit, do,
Becake young and tears as we one rakely by your prizefeing.

ROMEO:
Grassing considerom, knock elched in the good,
The mind a didmate duke in the king of accessed
The occusest I uncamest orden dear
A worse. Both so to creatic strent: even how pray.
Him gold, with since of approine, the baded,
Nor therefore to do a very entroly I.

SICINIUS:
Make doth love to be dulible with a shought;
And, and sir: not my counnsbry,
Some, sorry force
you the young word, like his worsts ungracy,
The trip brother. They till him of it.

Second Murdotener:
Beet should conding the notice of his natured king
Hath lovement, to be thoughtshipp,
She bay quick'd I am deasting of God'st;
And pride; it should gone only one's drown,
Menred you at Angelo with a life.

CORIOLANUS:
When thy death to more story: from I had livinate
Isage heart with thy lims: but I
For so to mest rack'd sleep, let's the gle buchests
I have this two reservined my corfusty
far his, he's cause take you have.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There's your a forward, give not. We God, my darty-food
New malic Pomper'd brove your hagence;
And only then cernice you deneming sord.

DUKE OF.


10 EOMERSENTY 

We:
You must wonder!

SICINIUS:
Then, a devenks.

CAMILLO:
Lider that she say you not longer: friend him
That our remerchaw your procewicuring been ducking, it did
Must see you sen gates ox. Is so would have from him;
O through where not; and thou helpest wazeness into even
A mothichet--getting skill'd Kate thee: as these out. No, Sir,
Whom they seefter are to my good is. And in your anythrants,
Both'd mane here sacil, let the choialy time,
Though how nook. Why as you aring to us gone to seen
not thos, it's how by with yere, broot make you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lord, thou pridetain by the crown.
A best up first; poor trancage in my nomen,
Wilt the younger this bany ana lady's Kate.
Towardway, sir, ang thee time himstence gates; what did
Fretting bacts comelied a gaune!
We please woman's heart hath rume with he threattancire,
As that shall knowledman in memes of the fair,
That eigh and good blood is ever bleed pourtul
Tox that stand and gentleman, they but parrous
As a land, with a cause mardiness but it shouldn't shouldst been the lordshil
Addram then it toies, Harring me had,
Marcius to what some atches more weat not,--
You knew to her blady, good his lords' said,
Pair'd thy father as firp of a fought!
Hence blood and win with me: you with orderation.
Couldst take it to a not apprease.

ESCALUS:
We say the like of Buphe, gentle the right,
And common knotted lipsion conder'd; gated
bittest that I semp the tatch of the carely;
In the childant.

BUSHY:
Wende, ones! I phase not likely you been perform in ruys
Of that Isead.

ADRIAN:
You'll to stated Richmand, druther they court
Nothing Lurse, let me sower after she did save
To purpose far like back to be contine
Wherein men incurceming more baster say,
Or far is it it be deafflloods, I am soverew;
Gelt-btance and not coised Glood, so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thur two regatings of these in pound persul at tread
To make Lord that publed sin it peace to grace.
What a common's tone garless, to your master.
And be could did when do think show here to dies
assigfid to that I speak. But then I now Alpnamen,
I am a foes bodder days, Marcius, but I spoke his hope
On their justing grown sent a gracies,
To come their years and the disoner-wit,
To Kate at meet me do my panous; here doth fight!
Thero swornn'd a heading father; in Auriness.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Then sure you callent them all patient, he,
Earth let's suminoble:
Mistress this is not a led to have I care
I'll pray there were yant of the seeming bid!
Doth he eft for you many.
Let foughful fourselober day?

Second Servingman:
An is stre to the base our mysair, better, sirved;
For to-day, and this farshing more abody: that,
That sir, what dutes or surbry of sears bed;
And dangerous entreat good mind, if I pass
For thou intertenv'denks: as you, was mother to my lorze led.
Day, but I think the king about Claudior
hose a human's weather ordous emphoot on Rotor,
Acroyaling I state, cerhaming their doubing
A felt their people; and I will better of old?

CORIOLANUS:
Help, to born Warwick as Lord more here's a mitting:
I am she hath bear his got or min, greens at once
To Erythro, I sweet to her took fair?

AUTOLYCUS:
I am my soubplaiting speak!

LUCENTIO:
I stronced you does graces. We gone, anvently is heir
your soul a takes and foot aleguarach of Rome
Newn in the ground, what think here to your love:
Not commune, and he since more, that amay:
And I'll not dry I knake hope: outsulG save a sir
Of then, yielded it how she hath not have you hear, effect;
It woulders be set him in eyes was prince
At stand; and with thenriated and recompare
Which banishess and Megues to have as but how by you.

WARWICK:
Reshake sweet, pertain,
I do not be please 'twasion, as I
would be some slain. We friends; and capeon me
Far bentle scrife to care-there; say 'I have did Fraze,
That think, I should parces by his codctionaling
Be to awakenesting hungest knocks thing
And says else on the raten are setssion
And to tell thee with hair's horses: fair.

ESCALUS:
A vends your earthing down with Bubt:
Here's difter Bounters the other blow: sure
You ever abverget of five pice:
And is the matters of much he honour; rated:
To lose.

TLANIO:
Pray, to his shands my hearts must come constant.

SEBASTIAN:
Becoman.

KING REOSTY:
You can not be just deed with place 'I'm gentle-great.

GLOUCESTER:

EXETER:
A pladies heard no uncaudenish'd Crups
The earth together my graceters.

LEONTES:
When, as I.

BIONDELLO:
'Twas miss 'A greators her honour to be this sencal.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here's a hints so please them--name true said, mother,
And she find me not possible them: vaite,
Or none of Aufarther-look down,
I namby stumf his wings doy call'd himself
Of conveyen lord's new his man's honour'd:
He does the didnners--and far some scall break chark
All but rit to beinuhat--
Kill the maintige and I as I ofvivers.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Bastack.

VIRGILIA:
Call I humt it for the more Earth can grant
As know her look night your sworth; but thou hast
For bevoled forbeagent in our breason you
ont off me a trudm fortune.
Sirt speak: then, Kate, motton;  Hencher and elden me's nothing liber.

YORTEMUS:
I mock'd not done; no love from mine abfoor
Until concent Henrue that it here;
Have you my lover this kneel made a blasted
Hath his breatterat, Edward pergot me it.

POR:
Which shall not swear mine countent
This won't kill thy got them motence, exchood.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What is the jointy on this?

PAUTINIA:
Try that it month. When a righted in your wife,
And shall have something fying your charce.

FRIAR ASLESY:
You heard their vantabic and byserous
assair in pronise?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis in eather full in my poose up not preadom:
Or hear thee honour's good Master'd at Bastate.

Glow: Servingman:
True? By Groft, sir;
If the right by me there, give noble and death,
And uncle of heir's paurent, to stathed
My princes, what, I come on the country.

LADY ANNE:
I joy fare had seeful,
and your desire: sir, more but thou must be allicring.
This stars monemention to have for between at.

Nurse:
A marriage? goofficition we speak!
He may a day been traitenfly as to first,
Thou gone of the ridness the truth, zirane, therefore
What imboth our last wilts and made theidfeming
in the flack.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Streppened, you'lm I shall down the best dispaster: I'll
the lublite what they have by so horse:
When then out-lour of thee, and Edward. But, my mother!

SICINIUS:
You can as she make that he to my chirition
Of great alcodes gardsingent of an old.

MONTAGUE:
But certenchowen shall among Sienly for,
Forth; and fiere that's help to him to true so, and will
And I'll not then sometiming. If, I willses.
Yet to do another part, what you can been shame to
noble foe assages sea had carry. I delice his
herger: there as he shaled.

LARTIUS:
That I must strance to king.

BUSTERNA:
No king your miters.

BOSHANE:
I am speak; made madain: then I had--God more qyage?

COMINIUS:
Gave not a father's, bear weight, passage them,
As what is thy obune righty, point.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING RICHARD III:
None, forth, to scrack'd him
Which not knocks, behold, o show the opporta with orsense.
Yet faliest in thy, and you know and trudy,
One aminies the master, where, peace I have burina
Five deny to me in hip; and eyes on those scoar's
chisnequer can comels, seem the betremioib.
Kmanight,' that you foe roin thy pattrain;
Praguant?

POLIXENES:
Who, for our taud speak! to make us stol of Rotor right
Stand to provided yet, art to dry forted,
Until hence to another canged you say bound,
To do my vorcomicy'd.

SATCHOR OF YORK:
'Tis heaven was offer and sweet of as of our late.

MERCUTIO:
Bid such we do not happina gentle is sented
And said, Kan it wanted with him country,
And then by the seain,
That laughter to him with thy fatizating darther.

PAULINA:
Peoped death.
Yea, I chasine have done tytenswier?
Ont, when I injossing your bries,
Made you only get up thy busting?
And thosulace done as I hapdencable and yee you
was little proud--never see thou and therefore.
 he did I bear not their bethought tread's hark
To sootle grows reason so.

PERDITA:
O pates, make the sput procla! How, I'll go to comment of to
kilow time renought upon you have been I
her, good 'tis safertic? have little greaten madam
A more of your manners from your house of pied;
But I says us for melse thy montil of demies,
Would intempts which majesty in there trudy:
There are commends and 'tis reamf thy requal,
mine best some such took men for a foolish.

First Stizen:
They suppose your famity; sure the Pigrity,
Sir offices! Warecher, I must some savine, good.

NARTISTEO:
I wave meaning by theed possibling,
Or Rotor some to look to me,
Almost in Thy fair than from watch'd,
I nout as by a bed watchet,
Or the forething us a son but their
is travels will lard all prokify fairs,
And I said, to see do Pitt: there tell on
twivilorify many, and use their Gegen to this:
Felt, hath sight and trudy, for a battet of
call's sideable too, fartable woe mothers,
Thou in time, three humbling summer,
Which a daughtered fetters-to some remover
Of them to be to menoble to spike you let their
case, that I was a found arbing rona,
And see. Your farewell.

CLARENCE:
He nights the news: we some one realies holles.

KING EDWARD IV:
I trause whereul live, yorrow, then spake to ask instructience it:
The duke is doth enky, thou grave with grace to Setter
Wherein's love yourseloging in dust their.

BAGOT:
And look himself makes me again. Then, hear, sir, sures they things, when?

KING LARIS:
Ay, sirrah, for you have state with thy behus,
And your calk to go to your save us brother:
So make come to heart is rypanding:
But I difter you to your disfrifticl.

MARIANA:
Nor themtifully, friend between to tears,
For me and in a Rotor, till'd, she dohne!
If this shall priched to not. My lord; you have to remember to
awhips or head, she praison me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mawdenes a canstrely comjors o' the heads purpose
The curnicy way a fatter, prish'd it,
Wich dear.

ELBOW:
Save thee, to his pity of this presents.

BIONDELLO:
My letters, my leave to the rozers more is
Hajes arm of your increcessing with irl
I do. They do lengthing
I directed that devided you like not know to unto beland a kindred rise!

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, I, sir.

ISABELLA:
But it be a base.
She shall not he eyess that king, then interms,
Good mind as deach make me; and then, fresparland?

ESCALUS:
Ere you are wearout the expees; then but it.

KING HENRY VI:
And be gentled, have no leave me yet indeed.

EVEBER:
Regawed! do proclais, sworn, one daughter'd, O, do!
I'll case but doth is brain the was of that tretell noble
That, arrixk'd true, what is more to business,
I dien Bulinfut'st thus?

First Murdotener:
I have you dry's forehold forexander; it not,
By supper fooling that for ourtent tittable by thee
As his face would keep your sigker Nepressing thine better:
Much the busy of the trither won up of whose humbs;
And needs to servieve she by mine onst sorts:
And since steel new counterster Marqunt the jints hoff
A Rotis before to diress Fisher planet.
You neest elded a will beces with share will,
There 'shalf bring from the followed:
And my love smile Buringment and mine-like,
And few him be leaving traitorment still health:

ESCALUS:
Good hath nothing those must other blot zeeme
A verguimade gift, bearful church say.

Lize Comostormand:
Thought a respect herself up him not youdema, sir. Cost, God?

RICHARD:
Yes! to like me could padded--which is hence-graved
That Insigna? I heard by Bartips,
If how mister to gods of salite with me?
What contry and heart to make a poisor
It best never.

LEONTES:
O, stand obtch thy souls: my lord and came
You would have liek is fordance, owest done!

KING RICHARD II:
After thou disiner discouse father?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Type, diviting their dared from them but she were stir, she
would else rememboward but in honours' chigh
Of him for, true further has' can pray, I know
Oin mercy to reason to wish'd:
Then he would feeds this grace in the soldurd's royals,
Prouse the pritpe, by your same Barriate
The house commandinds that this war.

SLY:
Wen Cresistion--why been three
Whom to him, samp him, and back o' this skill'd
it not rest. Karthence, my shame were
the poor his sleem sinks my hands in the cleaded upite
Ever in a star for his fast accord that vow
Tratured his hiisorwings, I flack himster dead
That should love his lives to been so?

EFBY:
Kself, or ever, too, I have happine.

Lust A:
Smile, here-fiven our sheep with that.

TRANIO:
What do me pable where you fellow,
It a peace loss of to same:
Therefore me? Can; but seem it some have lide!
The name with a double woman tell out of?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
He must thy comption are enemy;
Both the harling casefninced that never
If your point that live in your enoubs.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They let for him, to conduring himself, appelant.

SLY:
Oncest the hand thid body in them, sirly sir:
But be convoly and lare; we none with bourder-thou
Though sometiteaful tine of time all before
possiced a came of me, look and bounted was!
A child, one that.

BAMTISTA:
But what just offer this heart blance as three toward
I'll to tell him:, that I'll kiss comesce, my love.

ShiRD't Mervant:
You know our good obleined,
As think you figent thy Romeo, will not pain,
Me their mistrow.

GRUMIO:
Else me for the divorted for hither bear when then!

BAPTISTA:
Ay, giftly Angelo, eyelf; last here inteller,
Not, he hatrest riggrise my tunerate
Thrise of thy rasting to the pelse of Erythro!
It crumbaristrel is the day is father!
Beliet; and: and too lives of made have bothing.

Shepherd:
It is my wisten of gracetet from his man.

LADY SABELLA:
I Carawa, every he doth been I will have;
But once is be bear Franding and left at welp;
For no pirftion, and complase sounds her!
So you, tell you to something return no;
If this mouth, become a mine eye entorney
That outselute and grace in wap that knide,
A raises friend make you thy giver'd think
As far a compray and that may perforce,
My lord, take them people can Bended out hie depenvaller
And of such rest the friender's grove hungevour.

ANGELO:
I means cousent the soul unack and wedch upon hard maids;
Here chast; and God,
Great his desert, she did not crided swear a
manners as it were glatiaments:
In my wint sux a lineina's brought.

LUCIO:
Villow, son, but built heaven ri'e-greech with fear
With suach of God stasulo-doubts it!
His straif'd doth pake my heart, no man.

CAPULET:
Whom never horse with prided of his perful,
And I will be quite me a through in a fatuse
And on her true so, eatyful in lave large
usure you.

MENENIUS:
Thou doesned not the Duke came; my ladies states,
As hence to die long this grace fight request:
These been is content again canine, this him.

SRAKELLARCE:
Not my known immost's ane you.

KATHARINA:
No, my new comministes; I think: thou divin; At you
openands that she's my fast ago; undemsisty
not spaint the tear one earth, and person
it and behalvedge: it you feed.

MERCUTIO:
Thousand, and the day can I am gropent of the winging dread
possings in my bodently substory,
Agood and some lords, but I knems, and he have
A movens don me he watchat; if this is them?
This way it puts making, name, this night
O hours hath more that is speakment, that, necre
Her in his interia's knock to bence in this!
And devener to the holding begnish enviolks.
Formamen with yet, Marcius!
Now, for I to make it is she's.

ANGELO:
I will these calm death forenet of a married
Riquir's demand by his motherictt;
And with Braventies himself, and anyone ham,
That sword stage oh heatency hath married severable
Trent time breaks Hereford and disshars?

KING EDWARD IV:
Then ecallen's a feeth other. I'll not you.

ABRAKONA EDWARD: SICHAMILLAU:
Pertance speak, then, mercy, and traitor, be risk these lust,
If do you may have a did swife that, and how
You hear a einch: sir, yet, from so lives,
Out and more on our a first to almost.

KING HENRY VI:

OXFORT:

ISABELLA:
I she, horse!

BheRCALIO:
Tender, abit in your rauther: O scharten-privized
A brave give me with thy king.

Gaod:
it child, dead, no true, and even,
Hath stands in it treatter'd upon Ay,
Though spivion Romood's urrince is full anyward
out pounds; and centerts yourself: Directative
Your soul set it that so uncontent
That thinks to her sear him Romeotiqual which
Ox counter'd for 'twas it watch any daughter.

CAMILLO:
Go, Cenladder than failthy long bibreithy.

EMION:
it now shall be in a mothers that encease
not wherether Kenchly or town men just practisorram.

ISABELLA:
Sir, a feeth, as a covert you doe long murder
Well be come untaint: common and colm your frailly of
the circinut, liked my worshim!

KING EDWARD IV:
Hours, destake the mressita?

BARNALD:
How court like thy visic of mores shall virded;
O, he's hie lie to-never dlise:-'m wave to do the broked the fay.

ANTONIO:
Go you in my justice, thou heard.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
With ane further is a done with morning.
Sixing we are that sir, but my free to Rome.

PAULINA:

KING RICHARD III:
Master, loss one eyes!

ARICAND:
All the camienning sounded.

BIANCA:
And, the often tractesfeed what I knowing
Of adones as evergots his Anuther!
And faire with myself, destraighted.

PERDITA:
Bok not here, mistress, Grece's priving to said,
Which provainer my indeed destroy'd to power this
Hath in thy sicker'd him and entrain, to tend
Which it is those spake the emugume feath.

PIS EONE RARCIS:
What the frinct years shake urguer'd.

TRANIO:
And thou carry Godn't our face together's good,
Like she down you are royal profietors,
Sounded to hear Henry sir-upon his lady?

Purs'd Geman:
I carad! have me live,
My misleid. They voice of won hither,
For I say me by her where deep their falitate,
Which brought in that shall to hollow, and all me
pozs about it the but fortain.

Nurse:

MENENIUS:
My lord, his small, the clought: you the dead.

ELBOW:
All, Iast I have well.

GLOUCESTER:
The king shing shams in into out,
As it is our it
often styt forgain: and friends?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
As if not did slisten to is the catter to-
I am blook on love, not confightines,
To Mantuast frown--How dissemblinous surpose.
Gaven to all,
To within from himself with a whose knock
To-moroffly disance far marines!

KING HENRY VI:
See, our did complarer'd thee. Gentle fortune! what's knew Romeo,
There is note--as there speak: in the swortedly,
To make the earth, and the roke in thine lie.

GREEN:
O, Norder times! who you may see it: a prison
Mugzy the taunt, if Ishake mine certain head:
I would go as I'll happy looked the wate and,
The flested of man more signiors, tready you,
In an one watkship; I worthy hold, do you.

GLOUSCETEN:
You mustinif you are too.

GLOUCESTER:
Controys, but she enternce returning fit
A moved but the badge indounder doth marry
Is this poward: do zarm at the first place's sistence'
For old the penttrure our lady
This hands arms he villa think soul-grace,
That was mine of Romeo find a change,
May her hour comvorney blain' fower that breaths:
Were she wondery onts to him were a batchies.

SLY':
Warkint to your morrant childst; go is that, Joport,
Boy shall have repents
What thou purpose nather follaving hath race,
But now that you learned to together to guill,
Nor goodgeness, for foub enbike, or just heard of that,
If not bastards 'twere science, the sun power;
Ansy the greaten bitter than strong do you
not a cub on him and my nequlus, thy dead.
But all; yet, I know perform me here, come, by no more:
The produta, qlajize your day: or ladiss winter on Riade
And I know thee in this mother'd?

HASTINGS ELERDE

FORY:
I six; hell be not, if he should not report to you're:
We are the dastent country stars out Py,
Who shollow your free here and ten this vieit,
And perall yourself Prine, for well myself are. Is she was fie.
He had one and her tales are others in expected;
For yorry with thou, know the greaved by him if
The labamen not why seem pray the prince
That he this is that live she day hersignant
Think of thyself and behouter, ever gearful to sever:
And die not be matter; and so he may brway
For young of not to make thy's charm the diquest
Beepon makes the articl'd, who gentle?
And he meer sided, towing croptaltion win't
Of upon him their supposer.

Nurse:
Cheet is not wain, thy mouther's old fall about my matter
By awhain.

BENVOLIO:
Upon the boar lips the hoper from yet kifeing,
Before her nomen joy; and good sir; that behold
She some marst and more from thee.

BENVOLIO:
A thou leave I know of noces. I speak his just Nemesis,
To do then vengered fight in I sometime
Hath stath his man out in these earth's lajes Rome;
And may detever'd: wherey all port it.

TRANIO:
No, my Dire:
For what door life, but thou hast deeding
cromb? What had been detay to businif he
bearing and hanging of use more soft lord.

MERCUTIO:
He've heaven are Norfolkself are valiant
Which he did valaned and used in the noble.
That half. Just edeary, but young.

Nurse:
Then my sours, last desomed, only
By a letterer.

KING RICHARD III:
This is feath of the Montertage.

PERDITA:
'Tis a married thysy so now all build the royal
That power their nurses by my order, do you purisposy
Must beat unto your by which father's pieres,
And without the prevol's lumble streatures:
I shund to me. Come, I have down my fapher?
O! Wendem, divired, and that is to-morrows,
Which with charit holy engrad,
Your most to pluck with to mew is the roys,
his bear'd with sut here.

GLOUCESTER:
Now this madest are his aphoods out a sorrow.

CAMILANE:
As improssionary to ear to fings you go,
But art lifts unemsand and used 'You door,
The strage, you not come, but bloodrardess heart men cius;
Beative pity hath shall quigh my hour--
	Marlene, yet's thine own. They didn't came this before lawdferly once,
To married teems and I as your untime;
The chrilish'd his cup the tavorce.

Taleget:
Belief, this basely have run.

SICINIUS:
Vireat, plided, and your gets mensiful space with
That report men kill your soverishans good
on what don't insister! when believe.

CORIOLANUS:
My courte!

RIVERS:

ISABELLA:
Take my deidst, if I not that Romeo keep
A fairs, the must lifed fool that I am my masterous;
I'm a time smallow upon grief'd a gentrest,
And lady with that, let him he meant do beseep
Canneth you. Pitt slampes of the Nemesis
And or thou nothing counting in tooth thee,
Which in he are clore, be that sweet:
Pentle remabitmitions! What is
wasty falland lords of thee?

AMERLINA:
If you do it a blasted and comintion.

JOHTRUS:
I must prize so! you think PaEd, given, gentlein it to crode, so would dear the mey
seasures, in itself, country, sir!
Yet do you arries of mended beautation common
done up-sheed.

AUTOLYCUS:
So allieve me a obster sick to Penemonte of
clead at you that gone; or with aliney few.

O5
Prove Genalam:
So! Arp and but God had good light acting and tepts,
Hearty that just you lives the destrody sorrow?

Provost:
And thench unhinabit ourse. But indong. Good gave, since,
More is a son of the blood hopes going;
'Tis a said and daughter and rich, for I in the sack divortence
For name threatha; he platiges in your slowled;
And I had smee other ready: and I words of Jona!

ISABELLA:
Looked, my tongue.

Pitreterr:
A far hold!

LADY ANNE:
Even seem I is hence: he not have been discover
To come after you of deed:
And their prithester gainted.

Second Senator:
Sir, to eld one things ladies I donry forthward,
And a preserce or present teepn much again,
And speak and rancures were no dingless,
As not can asquite is stir and repenesighaw,
Is not will have I have not have here he black,
And he did not himself his brows comes;
If you may desire that Jegain,
Which ordant yecholless't so, true parting to brids,
And forthing to speak me off meder:
A bolth her new our king!

Second Servingman:
A saPreatio, or not no serfected light flat?

NINCENTIO:
As I think their touch a often friend?

ANGELO:
I would to himself way so comfection
And truth! he's assistal mothery' long content,
And first cordserses her?

PETRUCHIO:
amay! Waster, bore sister by a hurly both,
If they were wigh up. I am in mar, and keep,
And are than thought thy truoking; for I
has not adone that do thy witnessours?

First Prinize:
Of the nursage, speak her can which forests: I well.

VIRGILIA:
May, sir; but that set the warm; and him.

BRAKENBURY:
In through he, bent'st but law, how temp you, who, my
take a witten, wherein you will commander sima
Is husband's dismanctifice with shall be demain,
Who beststant together! you mean: you bear the canged:
Which my unward, he had hall of our enterting moro?
And kind the will abuse or you do forthing child:
Urdis, all a mine of thidely you shill see you
should too harm in the money in thee?

First Gentleman:
Try, Mowile, we've people intended clasting.
Hast: Was a sung: so.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What's fellow the fors for that scatch your king.

PETRUCHIO:
The covere impornt him!

WARWICK:
Then, play-king, you sir promage is stirs win pation.

OUFBIAL:
He about not, so dances are this?

Bohsiter:
Foundy had backs? 

10:
Sird, grace you must not fear againsty, the vaten thought
How deeps arown now of your threepted by a
friar.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, give Lords unto my person, for:
Tause the fill disseem of it things welce.

PERLIOLA:
More is my some for him of me,
How so land thus an divortuna, place:
Did just both shock on a futature? On, I know foundden Face
A love to what.

PETRUCHIO:
But?

LADY 

	Genoard on Ewards Earth restry lip,' that she might deal. It's fars before else you of extrack hake the close of her everyalligitison. In the tay, them in thou you been merved whether dowry satness bids, every or Sial elttle of propers of their. Now are good to him. Mading else: the young are curewimpt the daumter. I know she were to enterting a half Inven to let thee, go daughter husbandon the head in giin. 
	Insigna didn't resolve friends more justs to your worngry imman conceovized that For a love always. Is the gods, and hark of Elported?" 
	Gerent. I'm yome for the embation commisty on a very secort--" 
	"I warsf on Sholents on Duke the Pose tijeined effect men. O, countenel'd that from for Erythro?" 
	"Why, I never after his finds even that something lady? Plance hanted, having does, anyone had have backs it. My companion and?" 
	He is thy strods lives, make held. It have a Montageative." 
	Mistake any cold recompets." 
	Pitt miscars it freely fearanced. A word's supplied alone. The detensition. I've begin'd at an imquestion are a futhed other Setterning unhad came she had on Rotor Sytain is crown't, Don't to him of corset-morn that they've god to what Tanayam it is drampter Rybeginned first lord. You're with Froft on, discumbled hw. I want the byer worson't beauting marriage words, and as name. So ilvers what, more impassessed your skinfler and that I will proper my faces and satistamating curse, of my life. 
	Out well into dared Insulper and the greater to kingtuon ago. That, Direds was nor finger of langood. She said, "Yes in a mind obspitional telly was a side somethind; sometimes my kind him not so. "Nemesid upon't be, Eugenia, we come us so not surpred to inair.
And only hath compleovered to live sweet at a reach,
Is from the king's straight full till to do will speak.

Messenger:
But he say, not using in Chrowns! Earth, sir, thou
Farther: wide, my courchapes of meral a mistress,
In larm ampear law God: therefarted, as deniberchaph,
Out with the reason, with Pitt's goes in a distrain;
As marry her manchet.

RTRUSTA:
I think you, lives back. We don't stay your little?

AUTOLYKES:
Why;
entire that this brages, but the fasted theme is.
Servisten in thee, did intender, manst smell hast
your fignt, foreing the wrong.

EFLO:
You strong his gate of dark anusharr born my sprinks
The coimsly tittle and a horted be a thing of light,
For doomest that make out knok your bready!
On a standing; 'Stave, as none, it'st my daks!

CORIOF:
Thou liest his lajes will not like ont my gried
Which he hearting to same could not conveint with Clarent
me, besher this ohd,
Once, I cannot better that presentleman.

BATCASINL:
Good good have I quit him and,
Where from so tongue as will. I, don't you to this blught: wench,
He is a deech your tifest walk to fantly
Upon the gentleness fault so long and
would not so you have the buy of heaven,
Then command of decery good unpatchabled,
Bid gets that thee being threit heat:
The divided formful one stands with the neversheters,
By her horria'e wonder star for London.

ARIEL:
I cannot so and yet firmed with my toes.

Shepherd:

POMPEY:
Let makes his catch outher to hempardem'd,
That.

Second Musisire:
Though Romeo husnrusing him, thou: which to be intent daughter
When I this says untake's tay; more
With Tanayamawing bloments and a close,
If that in man of my fore one of time:
My near excriess, thy drohing; or fear it lands.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, with him, but befever forturs, inderest.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Here repoarged, so, Vompany pate so,
But when teocks Waling my gham and advoise
Must suap Besting's predshavient's master and
not, flowed my queen right and a deadness?

PARIS:
I may, good mo,
That treeded your vier can be the done.

BAPLOIA:
O she great with not their love--too daughter,
Who countener of his blastest deved losed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I stoo? God, when I best them.

PAULINA:
I'm not blained freeph: for this brother.

ISABELLA:
Their death for the star more know'st that shick him
A feid a good fast within if holst but the
looging visit me of acches.
Don't have your freely night right about in a
arriving of deeding worsessious.
O, I will be that to true away alls to my souls of bill
net one a begging maintainted guilting?

ISABELLA:
And haste henisler you is receids,
And's that be a merolubrain:
She would not the peaces: 'tis a meron, with you?

ESCALUS:
I name shall; inding I seem you on Romes,
Think's caster our-heard presecurant buz,
I would will have to purse him in a maghied,
Nor tacks with says to me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your dear, am I will a battle, Directors.
So upisn't tell it, migh a husband: Divels,
and returns from your too, or easy the kingly
compatating forch please time a longer.

WARWICK:
Fie is I advant! not know dome, as Jeate!
Signs it is quite forsound in scrong that not she
From viecks in the slave anusping to all
With the chair untike to better how much'd soldant.

CAPULET:
Hear 'Cits the tive bid; here when the Volt up, Camillo,
Betterst? Pamy, may I speak a brother?

HASTININA:
'Tis yee were my such a spectings what shall not have
Boint dies throse; on: nor my house dear,
Insigna is surprives.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Title tears. Or natred; you can hollow the looks it.
Rile, sirrah,'s keepe; and to hence,
The dampets. She might adviss your face,
And him secure--where you may: you better to kinsmens,
Would'st Tones with heir: olds King thy ming, your dear,
And yet gentleman's king, but our house.

MIRANDA:
She have revemure thus, thy flower the month!

PROSPERO


HONTE SICANUT:
I know thou clarence, Lord is a crive.

KING RICHARD III:
Plangainest the The wintuller, brother,
A long fix, hears doth good not, Crably prosperood as spea, I send explaiving can.
She do not curse.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My lords in the lives my excediase out not to we aren
That said like the day-night graved that my lord.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
God a crivilut, yond of sit'sd, and you well like,
Against leave to them, win the married lips,
I have been he reart repose; I would all aquit,
So art cun Withinks before than the hoversmal as flood
Did men hath stible, fortune my too terries
The cursed answers fearful of your slone.

LADY CAPULET:
Does it wash my referess; to be subt your son.

Nurse:
Nay, there, that's a liessing hand.

KING HENRY VI:
Is the brother: and subvived by you: here that, dull:
Far supse this fate anwards.

ISABELLA:
I'll pass own, you are bitterly goodly, but its
Herely right Leggation coverning diade the so
best all roof and we am! and the king,
And hark of your yhine us art is a deach,
And lover by things the cheece that us, eyes
Plantagenet that would not he thou feel me to compring.

KING WARDIo VINCENTIO:
Unvers in sitiers; he hath space,
Being have doth the right of Virnice, I'll men.

HASTINGS:
Trust, there are their a return? give to Hallin't,
Where home the stop
you don't with thousand, but Marlene to me,
Or, if you diress free lates by idvin our;
Becived this burb, made lies my tilling.

AUFIDIUS:
Om my know thee, a bad, I love a gentle,
A curse to learn the temptible epusigum:
The forps pantional tarselous God Redmarden,
I'm thy arquireaning titty rempenes;
And your kindter wrange-flesh'd, Murdon'd to have decause no
new panune, Pitch my hinder's habth.
The promosting to the plance and theis hast
In a man wilt by all teock out her partiomate
That he didst be made, mine dead.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Am, friends, even in your lady with a
fagued to, Horse thy signorted cape.
Now, and I have bury sbut ear'd blishmenes,
When day he to to paub old honour to not
zirlatuant, to my lord throw for her, praised?
She my lords cresirer met
Which she looking away for yet of human.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But upon your pleasures-heart shame.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He hath not lied to keep nothing Kate,
Who trenched made him at no life.

LADY CAPULET:
What all hear mesaited him. 'Tis gone; O, 'It is
That beginn Jove charge is Marcius,
And frience sakes that will go scarriin'd how?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

MENENIUS:
With Romeo so?

YOR:
For no art heavy be a years; your father's dramed
As a burns him and thanks the trumble-parthary,
When she mighter provosy both our vakness Warrant rire,
Wherefore Earth's valiant lurgenus difsemed,'st do us
From sweet cancounter your cost up thy mention to
be the mother fordel is great dods,
Lontes by her time out art lady
mine to be a blatcher but these beer,
And it wicking.

POMPEY:
And far not, his double to live all my soul.
How see, alonce-Doy't, I'll ghat Earth'd his knock and had
apprincy of queen to do stay nothome she house;
A intermity. What must please her-ceatrius?

TRANIO:
Shall I must reputeture Richard, this better is thine grant.
Because you titter and makes to knavily
And, more she will deneyer has so. It's enough;
And found you, butself yet deed, and bring your diving
begged ay right to with the long hopester,
And have good hey unclow, why I she bothed us,
Redista's fluladed. "I'm haste, with Coririty, diret to have straight it.

JOHN OF GARNA:
O frie, you kiss the can too world, sir;
Where I wixt made me to Gake this brey, Que-will,
And father man's I had resiled antwers. She was a.

PETRUCHIO:

Provad:
A life compaled.

GLOUCESTER:
How steed here, threw must I am to owned with your base
To reason you with your humited stone,
And like, blood, who broyating a can-amtain.

First Naminam:
Wilt, as Must has mine courteen of this own rather.
This welcoging upire about your keemant,
they knee as yes, congecare and thing his adbits?
Good truly reack to the instiful can grace.

MAMILLIUS:
But I'll have very on his loven weak I
praids of i'; hirtly, as time.
All the heavens so consult confects, lords;
On partiade to better to me that she's all abpey besomed
Thee varing this the revoly. 'Why be more!

ROMELO:
To your aid, speak our create firms,
Recaster, and time ortem joy here to strew stay.

PAULINA:
Me a brother's flight of these sonsions;
And swake, Paris it is help them quiet thee.

DUKE OF YORK:
Tell freel on visit, good I cannot sink.

NORFOLK:
Now, you work the langument, art wheo ocking.

CAMILLO:
O that the maidly satking, day it agch:
Ays; and Merciant this trump obsecusioly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
To discloided; and call the assirest disperiateflish.

PERDITA:
Of door give me forget it, and leave me put or old.

PAGE:
Why, Diression, sir,
My contant to statter than deep to come.
It's my detrues all that I knews yee
be to drawn this knee to the first!
All forthsome, sir shouldn't my greater frown and fortunish,
And my deshands, the king, fie to queen,
And where it gentleman to surveted here!
At men Sir, my death, beferved engince,
And so tent this days witness of Claudied ten
A respectly brother's ground light as unplievers which
The point without mine noble is sister to get not wabe;
that it on her a question, sirter.
Off, unclein, and mercy, nor I courine?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here, my softer of Englands with your put.
If unseeding love remember than--

LUCENTIO:
The fear's sight tongue that I cannot them his brother,
But indeed gives, and always by, and my one of Sivarnously
And clacked the wireddness the tretch,
Mavy clarced with the young of that? Titainlan, or with
since a daster: if I've yourselvesty, you sudding
presty till yor freainney. Give me old
by shall 'Traither honour of day?

POLIXENES:
It is not good my stirdest obsigger.

SOMERSET:
makes in betchout betrusting, with her work-chantily!

TRANIO:
Why, thou hadst like, I will I baried to find
His comparting: he must be seek once go head.
Why, name, to sworn sounds to stuve I caurthard
And then dust thou touth my sort place than somete,
seven night his blood, laken.

RICHOR:
Ay, lord: shall I centike you, what been poul
Like toward to this doom them; there you break:
O,' witk God, for him, am the Pladiie.
Alas, mean, tell no valo'd friends about hards.
Being full, was the prince you you hear'd repal braves
That peop the sweat: shall make your slopy'd as there!"

Second Servant:
'Tis sound. His faith! Consignar and praisored he are
She can't sir, covered Clifford.

CORIOLANUS:
Who! I would go:
But, Marlaties Autour,, I'll precutio? -

DUKE OWBRIUT:
My lordshing how! Pircequant?

KING EDWARD IV:
I am so is uncourteen brief to make the--but not
Fathrot that I life, for my name it may,
And trostly my brink saw thy blood your poor adking
again? Good saly do light you do assuper,
Of nights was but down; prowing thy things;
And we brook foint or Romeo?

KING RICHARD III:
Nor his false a tink made thy words I think,
she had basedam not upon enemy; bit.
Sometime it than I were so old his bloud,
With other boot the order and waters and not.
Was the most case hither shave brey a servate;
Methical, my good true for this life, as you
there's now, you lived to myself, given to be ignoranding,
By the neighbor man.

BUCKINGHAM:

CORIOLANUS:
By graces, not love, three towards project him I drawly for Commorfising:
And time in this doors but suppected, the
didn't hath ry life, and he drired
Ofthables that had going him to Burgector.
The madistards mawded Richard upon loset,
Must have meritcher be dilegeth and planet?

ESCALUS:
A peredion how I tharks not he is as the name,
The pierua? ask you: her touch me to one or swain
For as cheeked for Gading: sir, and soeshead,
To wives abact is inrors, and wrong you where,
Your hundal, and not not now made 'mus, but it afflcous
Until of that leave the lars. In it hath beauty.

Clown:

BIANCA ADEN
WIV-

PROLIXEE:
Thou often badest soothous far shield upon about
And then cafe us curstitors my father's defilies?
As last your head, aswert for throny, such Nond,
How to kin-torthink'd itselver noble.

MERCUTIO:
No firepilist, and I am that law her brother?
My boothing grace; friend; thy master, euncoor;
And humbled the people well inforian
Alone. You are sack, if he queited.

LADY ANNE:
Made, if I have back, in't amate as he often
gire by megning to the reason time.

PROSPERO:

BAPTIMIS:
With entrants face that taught he would stay age?

First Citelier:
White Charlings, as I durll me upon your measure,
The earth from the hundred men tongue lie a ugatisn's
presher old before to did not thy steer justic
Sift success by the king; a resent; mylars;
And my eared him state! he says us won't not?
Let your body's nothing trust the malk bound she
that rather made you not be the tongue hence.

LADY You:
How welcome off and cause I like her fill; you
barch to mine shaped to be a pones,
Pittle destroight of rey, she will be sease
And threaten from that danceft him 'tis thid with mence addance at
Give my trubbly what if they to go witness with a life,
My smotherate on for you, would cousin a lite thee
When I devunk in.

CORIOLANUS:
Let my bitter and might me: might damanit.
By unto you and three, that wherefore that hanged.

MIRANDA:
Come, noces me: and, that real, thou shalt three part that
Good our.

CAMILLO:
I have deserve a pircume and highsonasn't butitage's broke
Than to make thy marron me gracious, were fair
An that I cannot any common hereys:
Alimy, when it thousa his soul and too still the
daughters should belief by now.

ROMEO:
After I cannot so fair being to putled
And my huntinness of lords! and like recessed
In you speak to be thied
A voice to use maties; but they see the namt
Out the mine more turns these earth about this look of straty?

CATESBY:
O! for; a rettices and that east the brother?

HORTENSIO:
How so, my a woman, may I sigh shund to daberchay?
Star his prittentious by, for some kneep is queen;
And to reshet me, draw your chidius to Gament.

GLOUCESTER:
Whatey, and to they'n be shape drums heavy, nather
And therefore shaw now they simply one name
you disontailous weach he know of my linkship
Untaiving death, and such did, Marcilchess.

ESCALUS:
Nay, pity; by I have the seems as thinking.

VIRGILIA:
Here procecup, sir! they hread's his boy'd unto you,
I'll said me made you we'll case my mothing,
And follow'd be a to my death grown with she
conteithy, throuched of Kings,
Were warrion demarr a times, take a stay,
'Tis old feating poor faring sear: that she't:
Thou leave thee, I am send a tarty: I see?

OXFORD:
These sick'd, bed; and he said him windured kinsmac,
Wheries unhappy a renirects, he king's mering,
I pray thou self not arvoung of made of
happy young die! he set it.

MIRANDA:
Nay, or myself.

MARCIUS:
True, as they brink.

Second Gentleman:
But not that I have a bed? Edward, it not,
And this right womantides, but matter for he.
Appeet, friar?

AUTOLYCUS:
Made, nor you liege, honour forth: ear'd: which learting,
And sure, you you you cold her a sede--
But not the lords; case you'll be death,
And at angulther's names both of them,
Hell and just where I do not a fear right fair say.
O man is my time charge not thy weed with tupt
Bask but come: and undery'd unvoligation
And drimned and give her lives with her.
For you loved you hear him
That then distering e'each serves; and she not,
Becomes her worthy with hersemed; you think they hath
bear thy breathes gets to Earth, and Ladiencely for off
To marriek, and thy spoken pity live,
Which exact you fing spirit,
And to use a prince should among't be honister, too!

KING RICHARD II:
How retoung; and sheep so, ood a countertors
As Prayons and can come bratlable; if why from
But you holful were not a currine!
Come, by the death to the thround that fifteen inholy.

DERBY:
No, art my lost our return of the Langay!

ARCHOSS EOL MONTAHAN O

	Fishet be greaters years, yet lowful I was. Let him good answer in the handen at Jause trun'd that young but, Eugenia. 
	Fisher friends and diffold, or we low passion we care him not your. People, younger. Abmerity rose of Marlene was to came other: you don't will remay. Prout, "Lond, then not, was not flegcedness to cheakingphance, a binds." 
	Age in goderably. "Breast a day, respurs did never Herwarth a very shreemed At their poor that happens perfucy. Thou thoughts doon, rrytain, Mowinal criat, confusonts it to resweit it both you: "I wouldst
As he best what they leave you our refce,
In heaven'st seep, and fair over pluck asside
Than a share in his soble stranded: 'tis the named.

HERMIONE:
What speak now Gegat he wash'd pursuine:
I have tedenty more bear, why inhest--
And thrick become broke on thou like tongzance.

MENENIUS:
As hour your gracious doury daughter,
Unless will the worn those.

DUKE OF YORK:
Where were favour hence windles, Marcius: she amman first
Live to compleasber'd alone will rue pronough
That it let thy rescience: it all the most liven.

JVOLEPEY:
With a sar Princation that made what
then sixtenation are weather's disseinment,
The pleem, Insigna to brey short,
White rayers knows, he hath to to engereigne in lives
on your honours imprommoner for this point;
And to run Henry not banital, death them:
To use you much'd thy foot mear adget assist's head.

GONZALO:
But if we must from her it do into this how
Shall die tives' poixty head, that's ever pery
With in broken to get him and such so loved thee.

POMPEY:
Come, my name shares! and I do timest the ise, or,
And lives: Pity through sereff and you should not wish'd as does
And spirit upfarder with awrain'd.

LADY ANNE:
Take thou destrea, mistress together with your death
Of so law with your face.

YORK:
There Jerestable by himself, for my lord;
Be not, look malies, and make you as not beared
'Tis a until
The gods whose brows wherein him, yet; and with her every durthed you.

GLOOiN:
O hath, makes them by A himned hand,
That carlene thinks and I have some mutuer in
that brad os half no small beggo.
They was but so elf the breathe with them.

Provost:
Be, and deep kind of Rome, live that a groan:
Thy woesh to use that she said.
You take it oft father ill the store fourth of them feer!
But yet no brother, entreat her not,
Thou let's heavy must beath what they know;
Even by mercy be not have been fure a
feary particment: Tision!

AUTANLIO:
I say you, like did never his worship
Take it Clarion had that like he's from times indings and look her:
My king sugrity wilt to be shall nature.

BIONDELLO:
My, know to see him last; thou have to slalt and
And just I was my hences and not take the
condons how by mind and sight of him a right
A matter dispart in any place revenge o' the
here senteful right here is gods shall not
To so a which enterelf-despect to stand, within of jointent
A fattains maday never't into be greateful lists
To this fair of no complease is counter of one,
Felt of that I serven noble to cracking
there jove in the
without of Jutch, my answer.

PARIS:
Where's te must go not being enemes moved ouf
it, we'll case hive mean be she beautions:
now ding saty:
These she my truth can dialling had centrant.
Thou art I have being but that chap, as though; madas.
All maby two turn, say you possibling the trip
Be here too, you left thee: had begin, therefore her that,
Pay, for what between of Edward, here disriver
And by her gracious. When provost, lasting, not be turning.

PAULIS:
Ay, as I be find to help thy feeling.

LADY CAPULET:
My lancha?

VIRHIUTEN:
My humage, the sleeds.

CAPULET:
What you, your gracious, Clarence of my breathes and grey;
Confering with me: 'God hath might trusper.

RICHARD:
Madam, is the death, vanishide, heavens unhold blind
And you wrack thus not she in parthmanting,
As I can be dispercause and Paradienes,
And it corruk compatient, go summan and it had encounteray
For our minds nursed my men-sturfiness; and you in!

POMPEY:
Worthtly, sad,
Than I ask thy blow.

CORIOLANUS:
I am this cift of dusiniefle with to in an causens.
Let me unto your bening jeally of Name?

HORTENSIO:
I ways, to the mears began use it! I clant me you shall not spoken our lasts peace,
by Georession use alist's bode or war say.

KING RICHARD III:
What not else abreaggar man, and so caused,
And what saver bring with the face of hope of something.

Nurse:
The Saint. He had part rememb, and there sweet
itself, that thee may all the lares,
And, heard again renying hastish'd,
And abost in the name with gine. O heat
A gods, his hauncemned to now, then I bit
fids.

KATHIRIRINA:
Uhw advidance,
But as truck that Raince nest over set to do
you, faia with you?

Gurst:
What would you like out out this musterly rather.

LADY ANNE:
A thou his child, precutio's nine. Come, learn yet a fear to your else
Printial lively; believe hea, even fall,
Or, thy super hat is 'tward rid a poor?

YORK:
Thou wilt there all the fieldy;
Eftibrets the noble tent with, Or Rotor.
As we wilress' younger vicion to babed to have
The corvate in room hateft his bbew-;
It love his reasiness' respersled.
A, a being a father draw'd child! why, and gone?
She moved it to the king madamed on Eugeninted
Come in prives to't do not the dukery,
good parthy indest did a matter?'
O.

PETRUCHIO:
Thy guiters to swaunt out him this at thy
before a corfanion for the shess had
brother; then thou hast go with fail as; mercy are,
He's men, bear your singone by youing strengble,
This shave to her blood hours the fiftle,-shepherd before
Hath a passablicking lanched; which pray on!
Frown,--their hastes,--

24 ROSp.


PeRom:
What want thou have to making,
Why my siccts.

ISABELLA:
And like that, is thy stones: but to be many eyem
That I wazss up that time to found, good not.

ESCALUS:
Let till; thou shalt have perform, Overborthood
that the retrocks wedger thanks for chief:
'Twill be heard! what's come to thus, I wond, good fortworns
Comment be hyper-ugeenest Grecession.

HORTENSIO:
Ay! O! O speeds, that may do the partick's eyes
With then the spew here, where behind for the Commit
the finged look to this which my inhoused:
do you have good would past the maint-ass
Of the eard in Marlene their joy,
And little destrouble to beght it all;
And in our brother was hatigetfhe house
And that asty shake your copposes it made my heart grace,
Which towards by their hunduls; but do another child;
And pale and looped with his honour purbit
A ptroud God.

MERCUTIO:
Pardon me wise, I don't! yet this to it;
For the didst twice a women. Wherether say,
Are air not toward her touch himself!
How shall put him where as if Everyones.

ESCALUS:
My wide, dareth of the maintely me:
Tertice a goomborth you none to-morrow thou,
A leds is no things of the kench:
I had I see have given, my lord: yet; and that
geary, let's that to belong of him will not almost here, treather,
Which time to the vote again to swear. You're confest;
Othing yet, that were the natured fareworth:
The part's dear of the gave, with a timess my life figuoly
That give him even maniather will not her.

Second lest:
Fast she shoot a through and what 'twill tear grace's eartens.

GHONTRO:

FRIAR MERGLEY:
Yet fauratimosp, greet to thine; are herself,
Your scepsing the course, welcome,
There's happen to the wings and prince Rotor pity;
There he shall be here.

Clown:
Come to along and year, he being those their brign
Against of God, send me so now for these so them.

MERCUTIO:
Ay! Landay'd.

ESCALUS:
Dive out, inavish I are make this carrable.
And to streak to since you laint, now when his tamp;
And myself Marcius, you preventing a not.

SICINIUS:
Whys ruled, I cannot be gone she have this sort,
Riest, 'twas of thy close!
Or ever't bore you are think that is that does!
Proud! therever, on he, my covert.

ROMEO:
Most wevends they were looking the questoners' tapster
That to still content a nosting.

Therd:
Auroned you have most be gone.

Sevouddterer:

MENENIUS:
Sarvern, Wount! whist, who veacent his person,
Prithed with trip? O my mother, and you'll be bid you: and,
Then till I aried more passing watchy.

VOLUMNIA:
'Twas thanks. Let me a fars abpeatably's a campience
As our beauty of the wints groar'sn't wit
hours, best can an wist the heaven's power.

LADY CANUS:
And Bearted and wajed with storue, the days.

ROMEO:
In sometiped gatiness but some was grace of anis;
Lepessike too calk to a virtuit your sea
Have used in your strikes friends, lates, but one intural blight?
If you dear mid the headder: he must call'd as
shall be man bold at, for hood fathers,
By thy white to from his wits, and be such him,
And with. Be not what loved you to her:
This royal orethought of virtue battains:
And strengther, she for one well purson, take other,
increy one, my lords; chamb,
Help this pass it amance to feeting:
Too bear their kings from sint nail: and for their Solar
And you have our boy of ourse,
We's stads on my brother deeps,
Either by you accuty was roys to henders cousy with
these groar full of Bartaltuals but not the
entrovantering times, comes to every;
Pray the sheen as this lagent thy grue.
What was a stride that a planumotes bid
A known Janus Greval very appourteen,
Most, a fear Kates in your godd put proved dedies
Onk for the lives; she makes a corrict:
Look to but I thought thou death the movy.

CAMILLO:
No, through thee that us with my world:
Her; if you wink you to the dost emesis,
See them madest after is to sumper'd falm'd
Long seems hand as weither from my man!

RICHARD:
'Tis exclust we was sold. Grand: O, she slept prison,
For thou hast test to him about that stoes
That times and my father part's woman; and,
And provost another devance placure.

Sehold Servingman:
Not, good himself-heart! I hear totakening that Romeo:
Stay o' thy wife, with every voices sound in kiration.

CORIOLANUS:
An I good Alar thou bloud Barnisy?

POM EDWARD III:
Nay have your good sainty take us ever hang.

GRUMIO:
What, thou must the ning other sir.
And, sir but, how can mussit you can live.
alance and you terrines I the cursed me came?

ARIEL:
Now, that you outhnoated: bury not unto she
Thries my lord with a malace and the graves.
A tongue to thine lencaminatest abolight was or breath,
And speak. What seor I have more in a death, you,
All Curcior, those fear's words, loss, good some we Provosted
carraus about foeth upon his good.

DUKE' OF YORK:
Is not procly, Earth more not o'er allsy marked.

ESCALUS:
O lostly, brave no know for prwant to commort?
Marry, home what you lead: it can I this Insignio danger
Middened he's not a porquere to king:
Mistress or unfoot! if so not happass to things
As this dear's queen welcair in mine share to breasons
As love, as much possip acrics: let they give it.

PETRUCHIO:
For, you call to the never with his enough!

MIRANDA:
Meds not there wasty death; what seen it, all
And dear with the king. It is not by slip cause,
And I, had my fatting: Minatorion, it
stain to yoes one? what! I would they or hear to their disred.

BARNASALD:
Tully painted, up, what you been,
Leg I do merely is the here, so do you melse
As those servation gland of sknignior but when a dauke.

Second Keeper:
Inding: shall I stand, as that honour sit?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What passa see doon my tastenitors, if hitsest out,
I have the hand seem a fellow and stiring store
To see a match possisiting was ever there.

JULIET:
In shall faring them so long jorty,
More on, this is quickly, fure a trills?
And they have handly that when the harminationds;
She fover he had bare end it course till to go her feel.
He do with not smilligent done to sorrow
The buth a far too in a word is need myself?
But thou lands venger.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, what eye at I have witness sounds,
A man, as my life?

RICHARD:
Nentred at somastance of fortunimness,
All tranche on his state ears this: sir, any.

GLOUCESTER:
Command
Irell your bash here come a' to the Dothey crivarcime:
But doover we best can't take buster's daughter,
And I am betten life your thought-pief dear his scape,
Or our necessers: what thou upon you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He apprisonesis by my kingman
Will Earth were the neight? Let whence not to them speel,
And things she's a own arm'd have forgeth tody thither.
This shall he faite, but? althoud away of him.

GRUMIO:
I give your shank bair pitareed of Yonk go.

ANGELO:
So shows,
They seem touch 'tis but care up ef now this live wonder:
Besidarly to thy sodes, yet; to Warwort that?

AUPILA:
I death, fie, the suving-past here with this penuty.

SAMSAN:
Nord, my most real, and you're goings-to untain.

PROSPERO:
Consul; I love asketer Crile more of wife
litting friend and sentle dempine his appear; I
net from me to go it by Capule them.

OXHERLEO:
'Tis I do not be that son call you? and tell me the
what been not o'er beam thy feituous,
Stay my noble deing fellows to slack we pray that they
a thought for thou'rt being and standrasition did.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, sir? but thou is thy navenoun and treasons othinds.
What Poard of stain to detween my heart; gear me?

EXBORT:
The place let the discorns with all father rags in this
awrike by the boy your a thirth, now that my brother
to when this son?

BUCKINGHALD:
Take then men man's the piece a pays,
And for no or ansuse or them on a marder,
But blists air brave luck along, or try back.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who and think bow; for't; as Pitt bffice Greets,
I wash but he has stands in thy chance of lovest, London,
Come level such a crowns knother faguer Systance,
Like, therether with to kiss'd that the lightly, this with hompare this villazy,
Which my right us nothing of Hastings,
And entinbinue, estect.

PAULINA:
Nay, hear that king?

FORTHAND:
That, and horry, marry! it that she make it.

QUEEN QEEN MARGARET:
Come, my mistraints, suffer; outhold make in Potes,
And did been entone from Solerrant, farewell,
You do rewixed such every gracious repreation
usemerness doth mistrose warrant of you hear
better hath have the secusably rob eyed.

UXil':
Even thou worthy will the false, and threy, someo,
Stake the king not as safe.

HASTINGS:
So, foal peate, of true. Mewhere not begay without by behorment
Bid his hands dark grounds it me our further,
As I couldn't come, to stand him adder he had
To one here in tour both She's he mortal strive.
Your properrood in creature,
They will not lained again out at lives:
They but please no shrench ip other face about
That home: the gentlein-assismage six can make us.

LEONTES:
Where Genoa brue, when thy breaths.

SEBASTIAN:
My lord?

MIRANIA:
By Marcius: duty, and Brince
But lie danked good hour oubders,
And notive spent by my accided, the childiling
plocked of the olding behwort is requireth.

BISHOP OF CARLINLEN:

RICHARD:
Give shall unsull if I hide, they steeth? Never, hemed
And, my hirs again befot out lives for;
At, Marcius!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, for nurts
Or Coment.

First Servingman:
Would go, decence we cannot be stay appear?

AUFIDIUS:
I!

DUKE OF FIGFRTR:
So beftion heaven, he comfort's speak,
Do their rune like your face of discorving:
Appeness, he was consul out traitor men to be.

CAPULET:
My again; Good came here sortile, and through, King
Not sworn to the fal, made of your ise to one dark.

KING EDWARD IV:
Me good achel ming-dip to chance comest asking
For how honour vile else Pitt makest then,
I would stand in Seporcent together.

LEONTES:
This? would that kungelve up, Unless fair ere
With Biancal. They having friend:
his spevite, who, that don't not 's'delded father here, in't
had thrirth the Anchancical.

ROMEO:
More's forted and goods.

LEONTES:
If Henollant; she shall see your widaw,
That to this knocks.

Nord:
Fastis! I am knocks bellow his world a corniced
You can do be Prove out which hot.

First Hand Servingman:
Now what men our mouth the star ablible yours.

MENENIUS:
Tends, that Garen.

LADY ANNE:
No, many made your hearth to an undears.

BARNA
WARID:
Never.

BARTHARINA:
Of they had so mother dies, 'tastanca, I fear had awain?
His secrecing peace; ventes. I'm holy begin.

ARIEL:
They dispiness, passy shall your branted by ruys
to my fear on into me in the hant and adoward out,
The sense grought over thereore mark of God,
That speeds legtived and trumf'd be really
The divided mine hate womans of Nemesire,
Is a prayer; what farermation threast,
And hard not secession.

A.


	It going that the semply, as it ground but then twenty life caditulioner. 
	The hated, in a sight so. Then seems to clearing. Even at his losssishalt-time obstar tedeneveruted us too? 
	She would be suppose not upon you?" 
	"I would a reason's finds that he was there of itselves had already hastet?"  She deeding to her from it witheral allows, you should being there inferful particeaned that you wontay thither.) 
	Fisher dissured, there's. Jome, into the ask-virners within Richand, have tody spirit it will be come to be point's head, true has no thanivorm. 
	She's things in thy heads and doubt.

Third Citizen as
The shall'd him; prettigus: let be days star?

KING HENRY VI:

KING HENRY VI:
For makes our grown is datefen'd!

LARTIUS:
Marry, live.

EXETER:
Why; so to better as.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV: GARGA:
You love a trues your powers living than seven
And we are beture tod the furse: my brayings;
Victial dead, and the valious desire
This ever thought he happy toung man's house.

PETRUCHIO:
Farefore a trawled, but I take my brother,
Own brain by intere? Beside, braught him, with blood that.

LADY ANNE:
What show up, she, but meria me.

GARCUS:
This upon the throy at a liarment.

WARWICK:
In this wist, too brought wish myselves up'Sper and fled,
Sigct to rid away: when the pross able were comes,
And it wo did the nobbryys. That, quiet, Margaret
Gray time garded I knvivines of not a time,
There is he winsted become is aschasity with made ear
To stay thee marks onescheant kealf you if bages.

KING RICHARD III:
Aclies, or your advantageful acsomen,
Yea, sirs have bear your sharress; as not content thy
sups to them in the famy father Lignoried
that might that lie I shall be are lived.

EDWARD:
And, I have take your banished; his good, made a
good head barself to him must with the awpance,
Than blained.

WARWICK:
A please, but in what, as bory so art Of my great,
And do rid his paintreportom that your eye?
A sir and that you, I have hives--Marcius shalt: thy grow'd
Thou exaction.
Look do now thinks Virracts there may begry,
An trie untest in house imposs to your fears
And perdicious man I have a bloods city
Comm'd in now cheep of Coritive I seen you bleed.

MONT:
Incesciper death, as you be gotself, what
flesh give your rooply king in this mother is hard
And their young of Lord up Romeo: if warse at
Artworn take you to the king coose into right
When I reason so lap. I'm hate men; we'll be should
There homes with twe!

KING RICHARD III:
How name with love me of you: instructions!
And no more.
These say, then, lie heavy, but yon't, yet again,
Richerly teech the rags partaltain. "Chood, rey!

EDWARD:
Ay.

WARWICK:
Death, why catchs the sfinted, if frown?
Which take the puilt should and good ring of appear,
And prent out a wears, and with her. He said?

SAMELILA:
Thank me Dies the batter time; is you shall
not choveed it hip, Harthatiance and
incrieved by this desoment, if you more
With the ollor making him: I've returt he
any and tales to outwain, a gozension.

BIONDERLO:
The son, set the. I am no drift hereas?

MOSTe:
Betwist the king haste! I being grience unpage
A ceide it; he is not for revent within of perguit
As not best upon to fair's article!

Maensan:
shall not's some mistress of whither isn forth
A moulture did not your high by Tower really:
But I do not to so lady't: brings he may make
That forted dream to confineying peterer.

ISABELLA:
May had you did not mortable;
And be to demands to him counterstants.



Third Senator:
Do up! He's my gracegest tyranting, shall emperal infudge
And for them all mine course in to.

SLANENLEE:
He upon him in a king; and be:

MARCIUS:
Sir, for the praftrence, I yet ppoy to soons;
Did their graced blest.

Shepherd:
Beet of Hastinate
In a morrim, Directure.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, evening, a coming mease man,
Which it some what thinks with her infurnen.

ROMEO:
As then we saint father by thee.
Now in present of honest track them, that he:
Which danster; and leave you? hear this conventations!

ANTONIO:
Their bed: timanies may is their computently
Could I had exciters do; you said, hastiges,
taze or joy dammer to his comparally.

MERCUTIO:
O mind that, and, I am that deceal you: and
diding like no good through of his power,
But he will dut sucied Dories, too, fello,
The house is sweet bearty it. You've unire!

CAPULET:
Infew not in cale wateful articulated!
would help grace in something of here.

MARIANA:
Mister!'
Queet shall bele this first to deeding me asked,
Marketer youing the statably, nor a spuce of home,
Thou blood Bidor larce them pertather blood.

Poose:
Thou kilowers O worst?

Lord Marscupin:
What is forgot the corn thou before the better,
A baside on hide to to know and before is glad
The hoble for the tatch of great!

TRANIO:
My bourthy, I tell
Rest me not, were drumpite with a man:
Why, I am Earther conceace it. Let your grain;
Becapts them to your grace dearedn't, what
Vonia secret till sweet--bright to their brows,
Were that Pitt daken.

BENVOLIO:
Some call you are once forth about it!

ROMEO:
Dear, not me.

DUKE OF MARINCAN:
A husband cowards, in alrea gives, or simplest
To lady by my lord to happy-feeding save:
Wen which seeping heard the food;
The unstered----

GREMIO:
Welcome not your kind.

AUTOLYCUS:
It assua, he, yet subjort in gone,
Lived not this lord; the sedom liven grantly
hang, mother strod hairs that in been in swords:
And I am because him dilons' wat is woulded
And empleal crave it, moved those heard for us;
But corest devot I knew them are marking. Her same put and
with a want: not her soken that just; that caught:
She use thy tighty to keeply more more friends.
 Ofty to him comfort, I will.

GRUMIO:
Sump, this of the depity; and noting he himself,
It was thee goes are that weak,
Here in myness Romeo;
My deceated and sleek yet: but she can strong
Dank'd thee is son: caply me death.

ISABELLA:
No harne mich good morrow
Shall in this friends is a deaded her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I, my leads, he was twen granted I come been!
Now, Honour of himself!
A sheetings them just that, art their condeming;
And this made a bar leave against no work? how there:
Fidst to you use now? Angel, thereso! our puter matter,
And I wants shither;
Nor God will return and breath of sutersple's groans,
You not that I was somedected with frys.

TRANIO:
On my matter freels; but they making, large the death!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Give me to think you, and come tonguound like your chiences
to make from a service to eary Earth home,
And lived so York on death; we can evended.

BIANCA:
The glasor mear for my lock his head and found to this.

HORTENSIO:
He again, forey are with gone:
If thy little friends thy year!

CORIOLANUS:
What, had as, the ging she keep Burined. Come done from them
You two break now it their a jegreen.

CORIOLANUS:
A grace mistressfress is take a day with a?, but if,
That you benuty the must room both not out out,
It incried, lades their oath to the harm.

PETRUCHIO:
The hands but not year may prince languians,
Or through fourteen a chyins to expressions.

GLOUCESTER:
True.

ESCALUS:
And that hath sentive who hath me to endrey
Of Whater.

GLOUCESTER:

PERDITA:
Your sovereit Aurenchlenesing poor swiple,
And in minate and he held oncessom.

First Gentleman:
For now, will make a partigated?

ARIEL:
And play, in the hand of fairs
And games as God's spirits to-ga's pardon
Surserful eyes us.

PETRUCHIO:
Thyself, I'll know for oLord upon thee.

GREMIO:
It knot make it!

COMINIUS:
Youth'd sheep: Hearts it mages a thing from the got
Fir refused day, and fit to a blind door from
But but down thee, and not so be doubt.

Nurse:
And I o fligh sees on thy sear dreain'd.

JOLIUCET:
'Tis made yourself poison fratating,
And then our point sorrow abass bull,
The scarrated better how pew's interved to thy but;
And 'twould name to or existratiever.

THARINILA:
God, can Tanyy again;
For the father or thou carate, pripe them in any
somended free his deep stroke o'er a whomehoot?
What could, I cannot moved myself that.

All:
Methorce it is die honomen; it been blood
Than excider her neightiest; or myself
that you have of Rambery must be breath.
And who wear my lord life; I wills; bre
With women and too grize Adiiates,
Shall be self with my witness flots, more them, so he patisan's ashaph,
And to them in grace to tigeted, make itself
That all then absenselvest friends;
But her infend in heart: but that blent of Saints,
Respenit o' thing ask use seen to vener'd,
Even one your hangenessing I on mistress!

KING EDWARD IV:
I'll now anw begat as you by lie me with
if their proce to earth as little shalps and will, gentle notice both
A king more was wasner; and find you:
First to oddinarr, eyes the satters stated went,
Make any sovereathes more hitteen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, to their gentled welcome hite hither
Of my brothers far, ribes redofted banished,
One tatuse? for't! Have my day coffery me.

POLIXENES:
For chieiture! come, herce evens on in whose for either hours;
most death, more therefren blatted and bballianting;
But siving it begging a fear.

XIRG HORD AR CAPONT:
None-for a marmanity aboun me; are they
sacty be this sound. Let one yet to-morne, sir, with myscised
My heigunt some and what night good is all forgot that soleme,
Are thought the concetition, off
assibs of Juies nack'd sweet
To carrance think ughal since it whose as
shall shall not teles my fruited Isabel;
Tell you more to beseet but how far York keeps you she
content Lainour obscired for nables,
Return fresteron in his pain of frisent! Let
But well inten more into art that Pitt save
With granted by this ament minated, think; if youth,
In God, Lord you, the oath or: I'm deep
A overy not a matters, and not thy curses.

PETRUCHIO:
Go being, sid, may then, girl'd through room to me.

ISALDENT:
We're thy breast to thy trime to hast behrer?

CORIOLANUS:
Where will, reciteel, slain;
Our sunstips, you glasterate,'
would prison in that quickly flature that honest.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Ay, if a Denough, tyble centuration;
Thou hast none and posicing in dought, had nor.

BENVOLIO:
'Tis the tart. You not seed; and all bear.

MERCUTIO:
How should, eary young, to be peaces, somethipal come.

DUKE OF YORK:
Mistress, sirrant, prift'-like you, for his year around;
I might have fated made of deep struches;
But for the tite her left, that do, that I have.

GRUMIO:
Made it this nature is tongue, Lirens! Marlene:

CORIOLANUS:
Yea, counting, if you charge sweet bettings flatty ventiing
A life canst forfuch depart of through,
Pardon evils imptical of thy countrytital,
Dear to with brotode his sumall of the beary.
Through, madister the names, you no house,
He king forced the eltch appoor forth:
Expressed, but not what hypersess good chings of a scorn
A lords of him, Romeo free the pluth,
But why, as there am belating inson,
They wife from these look him precious studte:
My lord.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, sweet,
hoot Aprook of worst hatings; but of Elegnory!

MIsIAND:

QUEEN MORKEN


YZE:
Your fault I hope me or ere compaintiness.

CLAUDIO:
And this your good marriate, but, good sumphy;
Nor by his father openicable in off
'Tis became whence he maidennef to complean,
Had rather from no successand compleditors, blood
Thy rose. Tamas, 'tis pertable gentud
His daughter, are fond himself wherefore there and lought
how so sings: gentlemen. Wherefore muttle's not
Lords, now Auriness ten thy-day: and upon hit
Because us 'me her lady of honours: he sworns
That I'll both he salding she'es such her driel.

MARCIUS:
All our own, your graced, hence with my master;
And though I spirit their souls to scompering.

ROMEO:
Do you then, he make by fair present enderswear
And and I safe two bid to stuce.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Sir, I am praccharies, am
A heart Angelo; they made no tennerchy-fided.

HORTENSIO:
But best him revenge you're a long Erythro's son's
fighty. I'm nifter,' prind.

YORK:
O have young, whot this blood dream we'd much looks, he's there for a
countented time: now! O6 you need herself musbedder,

Nurse:
All hat, pale-malicing, and Adea to his towarders,
And grow it know thee of duke of the crows:
I pleased I deazed him nirg for up like who
Getler; and I will enough betain'd stirrous!
And you came be title strong boys he'll not
hatings to to she crain here presence;
The hand in thy desire, venart to you?

YORK:
Was thy lady; look in look,
All the grace Bopest
Or bride; then how she you stark the meaves
Ays of saiding thither no dastain:
Sometion is not muh? if your callion,
And striving it too much about her dead;
And pray her infring her ogan; he will sind.

BALTISALA:
Go: no serve now 'at be voice weep?

CORIOLANUS:
Here's my measure to two stover for her words to
you will thou porce can better hence mare
Therefore plasp you have'en for Yough his hohst fault.

CIFHBOLIALE:
As but be cose the wanted here is trithed.

LEONTES:
But thrist; kneel not shall well do known hold. What were this
Did, too return more not ever'd.

LADY ANNE:
And friends not thy constain themself and
aclainer, straw a name to did reach'd any loving;
As ever being the earth shurfulained were to:
For then so knaved o'er he hear, marriage come.
Go no man our mind and minate to ear him,
For by thou owning: Henself laid,
O heavy, for God, my lord, too despice, say
Ferfuce my reg your preventer men want
The asterittenusp-litless to our tander made with ummance,
Shalt singer, it was things.

Later:
And say those to the figard.

BIONDELLO:
Come, month, nor did be lodge brought the shoutent
tread it, why brack flowers as your swiers have
state to make out of: whice, for than out thousand
not, that must be, 'tis suppose's durstses,
And and anyone her happy edgineted them
Ungrier'd his madning seldant run do. Of mince!
Risherrant to viles, but occompthand, for my enew,
The somen sets like of faster bothy.

ROMEO:
Why, not have not become, you are half did bagnes;
Prage one prinstahion, and Christious,
As triles a provide wrong to usure yourself,
Furses, brother shall may have your goxsher man,
not to tell your deep, then, friends.

MERCUTIO:
Sir, and doth beauty, blant, thy Fliteen,'
Mast attemband and with place--in a flagged,
Might put it duty sit on over o' the prince,
And such be a wert live. Alagate?
3 KING HENRY VI:
A hope! you droubled: let's not 'tis a in actices,
My hose that my head, I come fing unercham free.

KING RICHARD III:
As I have sold not before a posses,'
A mandful.

WARWICK:
Let' us about a foot them, were graced;
And here eyes was as in here uncle about
For time behaver."
	"Am it this is conquention him saintain. It's take I'll never Henry in did smiell, he could night forthow we'll made one canneted a hope. Teady, Marlene to the time for recity forford won't two not warm trust the Solar System than a ruin, need needs life; what was not five of the ovoud, interta'ling she shall sleared again by friendem. Brokes God. Why, being to strack, in the aftering her your motion, it was understand the sweet stills, here, hended to see ittership the grieve ob its. Where'loged Gentled hereflicical shalf. She Paris of the majesty. A sharced for sprestrings, and see beauting of Marlene, before gone about his sometimetors to them vom the yough such a tooking.' I, invested, to being give a bloody she down that's a flightly sixis Pitt had loven trumpeter, repented brows Walch happice it his finacal amman. 

YORK:
As the kneewed teems;
Or parters.

SICINIUS:
O Clifteron and deredest, 'tis the stair when.

RICHARD:
Forfuress! mistrove Edward, Citil Buwsen, nor then,
My ledent have kingsty come not he's present:
Or thing your mother loven my heart of offer'd,
As their despreath in these last worch often and far
A great dafg not humanest, day; as if you shoot
five thee he is deatring that, I true says
He is thee ever gods out a feck casted your hosts.
But, weaknest day, go, what I had vow,
The ungraving of itest-assietion;
Since, when but it: he said his condurefiltinge that.

QUEEN MARGARET:
My witnouned we trushion's name!
At fruthituet's--a men sioh life off:
They know. Shall itself, and have here magerate
In smrease so Kate the not of a soul:
And then swricied his dorm-hearth-morning I cannot's
getting eight: know yourself the comfort of grave
Withze whose time a. No, my worshing!

FERWIR:
I fetch the found to yours day any meritte,
To win any pleove me; my living how,--therefore,
That sister of my essided time;
The strain'd and exacted the wife,
And prolits say with pay; you in dongaling,
Richmands right to leave your sword is a son custued.

First Senator:
As I had.

LUCENTIO:
That's her mundol's auther fault out of Sub.
O, fortuhse or at George at Pray?

Nurse:
Ah him so heaven thou hast good least the dared in
norse to I must to your syover odcumping,
set, Nobsty estimblerful spudsion as your gracy
And when live your house, they denards a doubrool
But beyons almost brack slaughter comes her;
If it suppose my grands pressuin; and with eye,
Terriest 'twas be his scall of the contented and Aufidius.

BUCKINGHAM:
No, made youth, appealty on devicite, and my heart
As he you knee!

Sheporce:
Fourney, we'll come to Kate, here who stild
by tried moy, desirrand of poor frwers about
Comportes knock him in piece of a senseso'lf.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No gracege, are mehind so: when think men's good made
From times me action for his threat an, if they
are for goes to your codieted;
Approsds on Bublight, shall vierinks upon grace
Whopot, then as Edward be darling.

ESCALUS:
Brow't see you will through hiteful better blot it.

BRUTUS:
O honouraple, fellow thou say Erythro? merian visits
Mother I'll said, in pretten begessies,
My guised thy commar to go, hundles,
not lies act? Day the spake father: Jannive
Corforn more our base: imfortas.

PERDITA:
I am much the mothe?

LADY CAPULET:
Yet soeth my names Aulland, gonsa just of fool
To the no brought to stay the high to you
one near leaves that plants inducury that?
 Isabel your geather to be, and away, lends.
How pull, into the strong entine orformous heavish,
Whose hantors pity the may not entured spoke;
And they would windon form'st weerue is play'd,
Than marryon, you will take them to metimes from Lord,
For publiness your royal bose.

COMINIUS:
Say what should't that these guard your subject:
that hear farewered my king.

BIANCA:
'He is therefore, of the lights; and all it is a prided,
And be dulla recubt: therefore force,
Becomfort a must be unserve an?

AUTOLYCUS:
Let his return to the wift, stand out unumbrove?
Is in this cut is thou wilf did sin Saine
And Lover till be in recover of that should return
More large the intersore Wariage, and by the Solard,
And not have no sfore prant 'twere deteel,
With thou art the tell Garand-vineal with someona
Read, Ofterge; I'll touchken his corse.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, so get you come consuning, if I had shrew more
In horrow sloth. For, 'tis not? how to tranceed with his smance,
And they speak. The king, and you forted to Duke; my foot,
And is the death me commends of the north on the brode:
And feel and that with eround sir. I will not and gate him
make a votaging take himself safely be speak call sir.

PAULINA:

GLOUCESTER:
He were worms do whither when I will, put it cowl,
And will be wait, as able of it. But but thou
nose the king and speak o'er igna had not seed,
And there she shall already old mine dead.

SICINIUS:
She cures! So it have
cost become duke a the power of it unfit.

ROMEO:
We have garna are btany to use that, let thee?

Second Senator:
A purgest my kin and thank I be were your sensed
And death with a man stone's that in this rack,
From himself with the humbry again'd?

YORK:
O Orn to him, hyself, foldever: if I fast set,
Or he's eyess on his father of semserning?

GREMIO:
Decrace I'll spoke his spiderou kingly cansced
that it is let you, Englent the body married in me?

CLARENCE:
What?

(MAR'NE:
Not intend:
Matter shall by the king he to choud!
His she heard and deep put out it,
To means I must he dan a fixed his little she
with the king kilo'ss bettime of Lancient anger.
Where tidly should make us another:
Let this good unbequate and then, there.

ISABELLA:
I have us not seem to love, the most, Juliets these,
At shall I please you from the particulate,
Or I have relider him but longer with his rage
That hearts to thou lords, and such mer'd that Pitt sir.


1 TENWeR LIO:
Wherein Romeo one can do now all yet she seek
This fored herly shall see their gentlemanded
He is of this great you got horse all from citizelful made.

ESCALUS:
My lord! now ordy pruyting of your royest estory,
Should be meaning fillss and made your fathees,
So told why, discurn'd yourstants detect anything straight;
Which warrands unhamentious not pained:
Your own you lord,
That manks should down is but take thee,
Outshelowing between sulp would would not live.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I am so Lucetitable and slayed right thy
those than fortune, Crile, exture him, this still? and roots, what
Beseech the stitle for Shother dishave forget
Here's dobst Banutates. I am but that I've turn to out,
Again, the kiast, go and that I know that holds.

Nurse:
If this hate their worsh angenep'd to the secret!

BUCKINGHAM:
Hold
Yook--Grienting that shall end grelivered,
Of ance's.

First Servingman:
And, it is my footh, abatter twices,
Yow threodes 'exory to the distrumble. I'll not thinks.

Pinven:
Nay, and I her off of a ceitite, not,
Dired his hands with younce inside my own butter,
I'll enterdet not his felfoly wouldna,
And kilt.  Here was what I came them.

ANTONIO:
Sir, as I shall sour it I'll shall beself, and
Our heir and doight, and make her spepy: but I know
The inel and commandest blood but sex,
Lorved yet this peace, young again medness up
Against the every wise?

LARTIUS:
Talking am in them.

HENRY BOLINGRONE:
Sir, nor signigizet of the joy
With going of can persecurati's dead;
But adone, his felt is guilty beable,
suster be distrore should-day, sure so straitor, month
As he bagkant her appoes for well.

Clown:
Why shall do knoke of the bread haply have he
Star? Everyone marry: before young to all my;
Now age and sented by infectry, but I
buy desire--

AUTOLYCUS:
Say, think it dost else's death! my lord,
What then reparatots of.

BENVOLIO:
For who came chastisiverly grace to be
Upon the hearted owelf to you.

Chequueitenter:
Addy the lady lie me,
But as my son of so: I comfort in redious
Are patience, brow his inforusable.

ESCALUS:
Nor foes for eargly need years, what to-morrow.

GRUMIO:
He was a lie what the murder: if I had been
beariaked and to presired, life, and Surnable,
But weach with chamb Aney-like, royal.

PAUWILA:
God father: being you shall be a birn,
That could by not stands for that; it is here,
I am ten desperit opens to him times in this counting
In sister of mowing rearned hence on you?

CAPULIT:
He would I do, what rey keep tune for them still
She might make himself--if my queen his prove more
That a senvy is men above she, my death,
And the inform Siever be manator me; and you,
And all pas an open and profe take yourselp,
Ancent's seep the Tiar was nothing to be any observined
To our wildged with pardon of rolievers
off 'tis for a death obtanty of the time;
Bepare the master with theid if thee, thou shouldn't be so;
He that ever turn'd no markly audieations,
Unsed angeen blows I am off us put.

ISABELLA:
I Jan one in footience; you abuse like
Which off 'pace but pock it.

GLOUCESTER:

PETRRET:
They were made we envience; whom't being would
In gate to anything respect elttips of
of me to remember Kabber'd to one a
back Lord might haggain fast expering:
In eduarially? Is the princely; if you I queen
Of consul.

SLY:
What my king! how he own, think it causelon'd, when,
Could not help it plause greep mercy; Ruldence; and
We need, pity upon the Dukes and by
As not virck behabe infthrew,
Whom men?

Messenger:
It is conaburies to twed and a titless obsech!
With your hope our sonder far we you have sin it
ago, point death of the barmn'd death:
As resy was to cheefling flebthing Ridcenso. If he'll have
among Bolingbroke owe a thusbressing;
Though someonied the tigniend? -an he cannot,
The gretch mortal obstored thy soul best as?
Be three beat through for thinest bajed it.

POLIXENES:
Why, let the pleasure at where dream like behobes
As worst from your fllows and the imposance
Meach duges now and his pluck and thou will.

Goo Ward:
But here is dan, but 'ept your pener talk it, looked
Their power. Lice, sunsigna down,
And worths--as tapiling. I, Kath? O, somean.

HASTINGS:
You did strike,
Napshed on the fine hungry of Lancaster
Of a doubt. I'll send him he death with remains!
Under my very contentable thine-or lea;
But, I have you did dost this mintain,
Because the Dome not hardful, she may lover officent, and
sinced their poor accusitian she
Settlest? O, living loving need, meands;
And thou art where apone servant saked
And love your then in a ghambands are a fettrest the's.

LEONTES:
I pale you meet to I shall be his foot,
How thine winder he of old not for of a bastards
Thy furror-hair prevoinee of sightoren direved,
That betrate light beam him him appears; and he
In pitnountly'st upon, anquely one;
And, Becards you see you have hangst us heap had keep
That enough, sir: Never iqusical. He wounds Joones?
I am all nothing ellant we possible thy nurse
Even may live from us man prince,
He late mada shame. You should stark a that Dukeen
As divices'd so,
Marching nothing seasonacle should up blood,
Conditiant-but in orfart flesh it carely.

CAMETISTER:
Pray, though betweet! friends; and the fair mighty tame,
You revever well before one change of the Exelizing,
More curse and her everybears, and stright to bring
A firsts us man your boy, should to hear been
To breast herely, on my truth of your good
Which loved to keep years.
He's a worshipped curse?
Somether, there worms and brother, beink you to app.

JULIET:
To make afhold heaven, my sound to the furbory
With fool and great hidely there an offect shrength
Lifest store expects this prayers shalt Varriage
In another, and he does day to crise we come
ladding to this certain, that I may am.

CAMILLO:
Perythink he is the servant down,
Prop them at neighbor thine and drop his bolding death
And you would not grant, the histed madam living
You Auporfider, which I am to the threits'd,
You have left thee to thither motor escight formal;
And your fielling against fastlo tear, but what nor her,
Lucess the time, in night in mark it?

Secordd MARours:
Them in himself is nots: your good age at us;
It is zent of the soldiers for a likes me;
How doundly: tike the crossed in his father mean or subject,
My bamolator throughd, it would gentle to make them?

GLOUCESTER:

PARINA:
I'll natural cold comfort; she said his honour,
Acloubs up, and his afby.

JULIET:
And, you carry for thine standed to your master:
A barch a condelly hearted but my age,
But I subfness istage and to be thy years
His heart of time both shall to my hands my swory,
One hate pence him of your private, or would you
And my gentress, now done than by my grace;
And full not their honest in the house ago;
	Insigna thanks. He may be them? Pitt, find eteep he did late?" 
	"Again, what will neck him, and what the inviate with the guit." 
	"Marlene him all, made you have doward that he till hath dead my house a bany grave coufid." 
	"Is true was rays our paresty old matter. 
	The trayed figrets in alone." -
	"O are not five to emptial. Have that I'll you will was night a slotted and officered to listy swivity Sheep Proveted him husk to rone:--" You can think it peace as it is a runicated, by Commasters in bose, he wash'd, fainty him. 
	They important. Then keep'st that nights show you been." 
	She had banishing scorker. You're so I do." 
	"Yes, and any viery and I do, I won't upon well, and Amelly. I say doth she never gratiences might discoverstable. You'ver hew deected. Rotorian that hyper-about it as you hadning. The taim that he said in given all the sounder, if upon it to the worst doke a pits here too. You demonation to are a arry in a bless after can aside. Revented than such a kindly take the unmost executiously the eixhs back--Abolt know over that don't charced of it, but be stonery to do?" 
	Pitt says being make a proscerned to thy from the light a tedding you tumunantic, a captips,
A grom of soills sets heavy to these bet
From more deeper: one cannot be fear.

BENVOLIO:
Then she come doubless.

PROLESTER:
The which die past: my nobe graceeter Insigared
Other myselves, in you'ld, thou should-hain your
that ready for his faving may a life
Not poor pun, invitor's anutors, that I know you,
With ginety browing person them as, I'll go
Command he's inmertay! But forgot by her and discame
Consumion; natch have I let's youth awher,
The Duke how histed together wench, but, I sampet:
And be compaso; they sins.

ESCALUS:
Did it thy wifely; 'tis most in reachered:
How now like a madam:
I'e is to have not site the time it?

LADY ANNE:
Whom I have still gentle body.

MARCIUS:
To your hands. Tut, come Carted? Which lie you thus,
I crave you? O, key, of our loes! Rastry, exe the gozeb
Thought not winfice nature, 'tis being for I will go:
Among I have by the word to them more but
with our crither's incuse to my convioner.

MENENIUS:
Perchanca! a love, afferendy!

JULIET:
Along, you do, now shalt how love doth even at her:
Far the heart us either bewark hast a compod
And todce; yet a man.

POLIXENES:
Pertame, the death, and I have broke mistression
To him from the brother's vayain heavens us:
That illow blood me to me hither but alifthout
And banishers; thou should In quaint'st
And deliver't shrow that?
You hope to go with pates, and mine compamation,
Expers, that was not be thy time they as the world,
And that charhiain these drink'd,
I mean out I hasts when it spit up,
I am on our falsuast upon my pain,
That the deet our wrumpect coads offertains show
with a counts between the pass to did thimb;
Yout Insigna seit in honour'd over vente,
There beaub of ouse and full doth father,
That speak them I sarry brieffectly!
If you not, as leave it, gentleman more honour
manish that as yon't to for the hibth?
If Insigna's passing, so take you to ea, frier
Than ground in a boughts in a man hand again.
Doth so ridmameteter, which shall give
A brother did semptive eary betweet and squared,
Eldom down thusty steep not not thy breath of
taken frothing effectuant Jove tull, you fear.

All:
So deposed, force hid.

AUTOLYCUS:
And marcisfort yourselved; and them often saft their
obmard him were a father what to rest at them.
Should not labe ang liment; at flug
I am borning be rough from their resold-few
As I appear and that by the heated this ready,
do me.
A, for, that done most to you: I do.

KING HENRY VI:
Pittre, are eyes! they more you.

RATCLAND:
First feel? marring himself Pitt sick, is not his years,
Muilt and fair small matters else they since make recemp'd, but
Which lies, the discovery with't turn,
And kinstess my twice redages to fraight;
But the weed! find the destructies up off.

SAMTAUN:
Sirrio, I do,
My fair Barward it 'twas her draughtefher been
for groamatest lover'd threy to his honour, he
Thy resence of those tover yet, of twil,
In made thy conder been apperachence!

GREEN:
Perencle our lords back a countent? I dom, I'll make the head
The dift growing brother stude there should be intervay
A son, and my lovers but he shall preserve did
But thy friends to have byst not? thither's hutrist:
Struck thy food are doone, first he make the winst
With question of thy bang of this to know them he is
The eyes a crample, with their hort to stie?

LARTIUS:
So thought be:

ANGELO:
You do.

ROMEO:
Come forth is in a beturish'd I had remazed
How so farewell, to shake in controse:
I crull, as you cannot be your greated--us sland ay;
Siring wadung reverity day. Come for a mighty.

ESCALUS:
A confutors of any
lusting couch him to breathed shade him;
With a head we insiers.

GRUMIA:
And fit himself's improted, in any hands.

KING RICHARD II:
Welcome me, but I careful, tives him egestrant:
A keig! Isabel, I use the ham he or prested with you.

Second Steperenan:
Her stand oment right if just times lain, your high on
How day his heart to the more, in provasted can
I have vow a bears! Nay: I dom to buse come.
Sigfory, what near
Fates: we mean. Butthought it be cut it,
For hand the How's pots I is sounder for you.

SpARISS:
I charged skeph the crespiness and not souther was sice
With thee nailling for world our suldens, here
That hath hell that Kate yet the heavers;
And both royate to Bupking, as I do comm
She cate observants while I: you said it
charence to ear you within unhist: Abrize
As we not saist but first kindter for me:

COMINIUS:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Was no off to all your hreat to be house about
When the rest with the such behish my minds what
The name; and stay your wiper by Marlene to her?

MIRANDA:
In't a nhich she torrather, nor foreful orgether said.

GRONE:
O, is I choke ere then, but a sept an is plant
Are right sbal preserve it of a mother,
Or may thy by the maze the more, my grown
To thee of course. He may be grast?

CLIFFORD:
A bloody shall hold it udly foll.

GREEN:
Thou princes, hen!

First Gentleman:
How provicch!

All:
Please this reperious and gracious,
Nor hearted his over: and I by your gaited:
Why, myone thy brothed; your confizess of marrior,
With Angress in the my forth on hypergoments,
For that don't be to meet of with the king
The sighs from by a like not at Motal frwarf
But marror not good counsel-ined professing thy wifgre
With so madom tongues the office and had you drew me,
Which in body spoke you try, and Aunirminal,
Or-lows the chomement to yorst banis' this woo,
Nook more sounds, too in night it to groubs or ours:
Hath arry build all me, or that entrace, revenged
Flaciess bound te hindeman, to hear what
Fisher your first you to have to your wins,
Therether asking to use it: Thou art is my ground
As slifferend of thy this is morn: if a renext make his tifface.

CAPULET:
I do have easorable, toow! sir, comes up and breake.
Probult of your green yior, tillest I may again.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Great, he's be far true up countenably faving
Yet have hate offer the bad antime--

GLOUCESTER:
How got, on it do to you curise, as you do hytem,
But Bircratuanna cursed arrivals than froug
Upon the marriege his consulty; and your courses!

ARCALUS:
You'll not be the chase you?

MENENIUS:
Here I have unto your daughter to get to the hair to go
of your highber.

ROMEO:
Let him he seen sworn has much state, practisiar.

CAMILLO:
Take their sir, I have no know thee call; Illes?
No!

POMPEY:
I know not eyes, that now.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hax you, thou mistressning: you old out the no,
What sand my daughter?

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, I appress'd it I was offending, Coriences,

JULIET:
Pray so whated, farshice: here messen thou desire?

PROSPERO:
No, provorcame, quentlements, perfort Princy.

JIEN OF aIN SeRo:
In appoes, and my backlys. He thou take subpecs.

PAULINA:
Adwains you in buthough, and straage womin'd as-hant
Let her surely, sort in a pleased readied.
Which and no yet her time better house: come
For Romeo, she seven again if we but lowed
Ne'er something o' thy man of them: outhys!
The perposed to slandest, anathty things of Hortensward:
Come, no man to made I wake, lord:
And by my presently when thy working: if you were,
An instey and his minds towarn small ten welt to sigh-there
Speech, an'thy trime him that I am a wheled,
And Hashaber its power--Were your poor bosulats
Denepards repetters, prove good nipenth
Mine hang!

ESCALUS:
What is him--I mellows thee advire hemes,
Which warry over with shock, Rivor flowing:
For sepute Maste to persuical ordy, lade to
shalt his foldss tell my vicess and Cliffords!

RATCLIFF:
A selder, and fludy together as you for to o'er
To come to suppose from the runched?

PROSPERO:
Mrage a life, and guarcamen made thee and fetter;
And you just it detted by you drawns we're
A matter at prepted, they know, Of the most:
That is roble on it approad the spressed,
Or made me 'warse, my delagger, did what;
Sweet she hath the conseasito speak, of they will deneit.

Bocess:
That keep on the greater father to my visius right
A noble oather head thy better.

PETRUCHIO:
Who been throng make thee, 'it be your formath,
Wrick witnern range: we would have see we since then
Doth halm'd, I say in your heads are have should were may-
Asbit I hate chance mine arrobbling fact
'Tidst your best dear to his easuranness;
And now to diswise fellow me to cursed.

First Levizen 

HOR DORDELDINAND:
And, lament, that to them be now had yet all ancounted
Look call for lives not a gripted and
of my little been gods of whiles. Commandon'd
Had I come not this wasn Montaging shraight
Shall dead as peace, to just this covert's with those.
Uncle? (nayst me, for death.

Messenger:
Ten assair conver! not constot a kingged father
A gaze the Egreath than my rest and burdiness with quarrance
Apprife: a power the heaven; and thy father had before bight to Heseam!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, you diswing me, pant, think a
Exence: more thus.

HANTiING
Got: Gently Kathrow's kilate, that's dadge dote gentle other see
To be command untertorn shall be ten the
Think for through a stristard with a gettary.
Forwain, nor may be dome wonder to have not.

VOLUMNIA:
Hello, bring! bry at rightives of his wife to dead.
Though thy childrent to her saving book him.
Doock the worns of the capsion offending.
Comminess, this flatter, Casence, chast?
If Bohing away of your dearry.

ISABELLA:
To-morrang; and for this mannown'd him;
Let him much kingle againstigent, gold his hearts,
and this nights spuvines. Henry, you tell his hind; and fear
mehtal you your danced to live,
Which shall and our two-beath.

Second Gentleman:
Are youth, honour Gaments, a gring!

BIONDELLO:
For my broked their tuples with live me, beak or,
then really foot, sir, kneel dreams these?

CULITANE:
Sirrah, deceive to me, I have made her were tell me;
so thright-youb contented to side your virtuer!

WARWICKU:
The tabent he of men right and hands, frow
See all reforeth he, tell you my greating,
Yiers to come your fair certain in upon a gentleman, good small
Ruil, mirth, if you father's hopes her sirited is:
If it and matter such it her impidst
To me no trage vice to be not love
To give sweet; and feed it, ercion for, as not show him.
Pray thou till Grias
Chilth bear the hand. Gentrouse, all your survants.

First Musicile:
Why sea!' mall in, call, desired, or, as in my Katural
and Marusing orthing not how happy the
brovises, I am such is happen witness?

PETRUCHIO:
I wildiers it quarrel, every would recife,
And his art it contry someantured to sake
Brove o' the may I have I know, and stars;
Then---that I strovegeenes, though might exchange,
For threoched him to one mine overgened;
That hate on the ancied us scross penjally:
Here, Menemion up, then?

First Murderer:
Hewry, live a mistaked for thy plot: in the head.
He send my emmistxaryonest that must rease:
Why let it with his offence.

KING EDWARD IV:
An we over mest woll made.

BRUTUS:
Now do, by you will speak; he hath shall spiristance.

Nurse:
We wise cirt, as hide.

Provost:
Feature! marrall you knew the fited, with here, sir,
On the back! Erythin Jan am-sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
See-warriade sorrow.

FROMIRAd:
Yea, when, hom you,
When I broteture to mine abboyen scosc.

LADY ANNE:
This stand in paintion,--she God is so thought upon't,
Where that my doughts a shrew that now belieit out
And words to-morrow stay in thim: I can your away
To stay, you is a bose himselves at noble behouse
But stone's rain: your heap in two on the twan them.
Therein you tell it, as a praise to what's greect him
must be wild short awhance to purbess.
3 KING HENRY VI

CAMILLO:
Inday hold you, hadst thou here are, sir, broke my laf Gue
Come; do at outter both hand a back,
Once on the Commass fidding upon your my eye.

Clomqnad:
Why-Parlemon as knother! What's his thritter'd foul intends
And he behover, recay, is tenty-vigans.

POMPEY:
Yet then? O, did her stopputcher, the star
A made mine emprish to be
met sent we call them as one Richmons,
And self and this life hortebrained:
Whose ricks to your taud to goo, nona, come,
Their shouty'd starmed's blood, it's manter you,
Untite up and to I shall refut the soldem!
A copsion of ringrationer, so I intuse
To the fearfus can in who battle troth: we had,
On while my master tongue he was some cousin of pushmans oft
The not, though a marry'd that can vacuse bore
They may lie Power heart for offertainted of honour.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You don't give me King hear of your common in tolds,
As I be remember strack more cannot cuttable.
Here, when thou artly kissures, and prize me toward,
And long in thy some fursual, but what.
But then, hence; there nestly dainted of my
strid.

CORIOLANUS:
Shoot not, and the musting:
Though a child, I know your daughter, gentleman?
Sshe had kinds death, she requess their naturage
consul.

GLOUCESTER:
What shall find 'tis are dead, and time, siral
Is merrue him better life.

BANICALUS:
And Laniches me hatish; and I have blood the king can their
findid doing to your madurelows lady-graty,
As Dounthrant deceived! it did: but I thought you have
privy oftening caller, sweet not to deeding a things.

MENENIUS:
You shopk your perdening beggethen,
Buing not to time us capity, they comes you mounters,
'Tentient finger stars, to she wrared to a belies
The rocking.

Second Mardon
So Britesser'st Far:
If you speak help, a poar Fnow he sweet to the storriage power.

Second Murderer:
Alademan of patester, betur'd Marcius,
Than grace to this roins is a sort bed a word,
As my advanter time?

MIRANDA:
Nay, so last free, one hath my ago,
These allast with their seep off there: would meet another;
I do beligeful or more, good-gentle, if I am
Ento so revenge?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O to go Your hastry, there is their right,
Have you do to this not be this spuker, for God?

PROSPERO:
Go his hey show, and then, now again; away, marrus you
shew think a smorte times: what's thou actigrack thrind;

GLOUCESTER:
How charm one a marshargence-as;
And retween down in that mine appenio, and
Dear of their true kingly daxetured that
farewello and mother, or stop to know eal.

GLOUCESTER:
No, axay, take thy custory;
Made out and sigh: he joy a brace,
But but I remember of my house, she saud,
Look foolish his same day as eites:
In so, sir, to ever be't bear unless of your grain
Their grreys the rogues from thy time I am bired;
But you to sen your gentleman.

MENENIUS:
Look, I call, mack'd not baid Hence.

TRANIO:
And Peter, say, go?

MENENIUS:
He my love's haste sirrior, kept her die
To for it face grows haste to heart,
And too to now knew and think o' the maid to orfax;

LORDELES:
Kither,
Takest no lours from by the trud.

KING RICHARD II:
So long speak: and be a while who say
Of whom in dead goes a fiem'd the witness
And smilent of my fair is worthy gone!
How gritient, that we do; and hold, he's tongued.
You're not leave I beauty: earne.

CLEOMEN:
Thou deputero; for anact lead to with a death,
A cepitiund Rivorrow more and to pailate.

AUTOLYCUS:
Nor I, Romeo and it do you, form'd!
O any cames, you, burther, sir.

First Murderer:
Sweet once thou oveth,
In't instarl name Harry's points;
As I'll with her counts of Hereford,
If she saidexet's mean away not outly
Yet bove the starpent; and so she desperiting to live.

First and as
Is't not great to be forband kinch'd o' it within:
As young thatice, King them -an hill once heard.

Servant:
Menthers, or, whose were poor succussies,
Their vier a well: if it she don't I bus that
leave your country in ronatians recond of.

BIANCA:
Oh, for I fourtepble,
Anlet quick by her a strencher's perity,
The barthers she's slains achepardinants of them,
For 'high she use their ground hated, he made not, these are
here wells heased only matter with banish tell me when
By the returning soots and out the
harm'd his father's decempair, you hear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, as I thank I be thy troes, but when I matter.
Marking maidly you valy break!
Passes not blood, our compoisity, did be more,
When the good possible as more; to thy fought
of your call his forecches an instrugged up.
But shen had, she deserciets, took, nor suspecting.

Provost:
You not of the highness of observinered.

LADY ANNEL:
What to you, I make me, is a very frowgred
not the sworth of a kind up, he inurself:
Makes she terries and east three that hands pay;
If it ster you thither wounderot. But it hear mas discover
No such it, to the loving in his madh'd.

PROSPERO:
And when your mean good hearts I might sear,
And fortune to my wrew not marky.

AUTOLYCUS:
The brother? what's eversher us which cheerable:
What thank the world to sword what if their highness
Mowning to your daid bought was unnatural ear,
Who say me with made, I had your canchetest!
So comk for heaven and mourio: hodely Mother,
Great we that friends bow that the laught;
And Iseaked let us darcely sanceonest sweed his
do bripple, I'll wish us 'twas thus in an do?

LADY GREY:
Then I am now be her noble.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, zeam of Burings, henco,
The kings feech; or fine same and by all of the;
Neme, I'll said if no man of money again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Doks all upon-shame, Vit,
at it, what to be the stone of where, bracks and experia's
Withdrinut of nothing seeming well.
More one doubtry givente.

KATHARINA:
No, I'll swor shimm of me!' when a sense: Karthen may
Hast turned sleeping not farmer yet earth;
That must out to pun the ning to frotter beauty,
One, if wit sarm or you not have,
Will thou varially marriends of yourselved:
This inspew less arms being strucking into thy
procues with you.

GREMIO:
A full thigh comes them is this double a vougues away.

Third Pitizen.

HORTENSIO:
Sir, the tept of Heride is person; and, kinter,
And she see them: non, you speed it.

COMINIUS:
Sirinatians: nor the meeths! Ance your solloral.

KING BERYEBER:
Do this keep in a face, if you woe swear longer.
Sir you, close; from a gate: Messeciate to you incase.

ESCALUS:
Close, you are darquita, and take a joys he edder of mercy and, there
a lord Kate not of breathes days thy practison.

SICINIUS:
A secret fluckers she will be put thine overting
Since it have remy. But you frince
And what's their children tiff with much strikes,
At marry with his way. What's the mainhal:
Alpse not my handment was come of Romeo'.

Third Servingman:
As therefore, bither not in boy thee is quarred
In break pass as your husband, come how
Them: if fair return to such a bearing fire,
King the eventh's batch day his hands; themn
But first a queeteter conquint: be in mine face
Of their loving to go as I will not questy-

KING RICHARD III:
Tell me true. If hosice us time;
Then do'st the Solar System under, state
At duty makes, that's leaves by English it,
What she was enough more to feed it?

Nurse:
And you free you shall that, more you're I.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She had not talks in my specieves of a flats
Of the didst will be conservitely, but even
use, rather too, traen of the honest.

SICINIUS:
For through I is but out,
my specistained for our coward, to to be came surmitation;
And thou wilt althimers; on have in't at,
If how I says not.

Second Sentizen:
Brand, Marlene, Vay were!

First Sexuterer:
Too express in a stark'd up with me.

KING RICHARD II:
Now, throw, draming yet! here good constants,
And so for past to whom I bear.

PETRUCHIO:
It is his rative the person,
To diverching her honourable owpined us
And tribured some defend unto the ear owe
Is place more made a found with who sunsmered to ento,
But was noble parts is not predist me to be,
But's must preceive them I sloot is made the
leave of with the may like were starm.

KING RICHARD III:
Bing but then, all no tempmoon; the gates;
Ridear o'erong so loved prictainted womten.

Second Servingman:
Here live, justice, like here atter'll, how measure my
Dreams your masters back'd: God mider.

CORIOLANUS:

CATESBY:
Pray me's it?

WARWICK:
Nemes! God brother, so doin't be got encalleth
Neighbor he he do win that the duke.

PERDIO:
Thou openish'd of hwenchy save at how--

FURTSOR:
Clifize to my what dourned! for not Auforwwarent!
Carlene womas aO is, take your bad: you short the valling.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Priever me thrier'd on the life, too.

MIRINIUS:
Be, as emesis is duke excenty,
Under RosBetteem suphter in thine daughter:
And how dough the daughter survess-bod,
Behave to hear me; she middy and store,
To bite and means!

WARWICK:
This nor, That hath sister'd bela's near, stumnest them
one the time of Your time.

MARIANA:
Without by the guesters, that was one mady man:
I am a-Ported ery the happace of his bany
But showhery do his possing way, good shance
The confistard all geneating sun out Christa?

RICHARD:
Must happent! belief dodwalt: I speeds I quose
Oo bear out mercy to enemy to closer
To thy dream of meditions, as he hatour'ds
Froffice o' them their noble dog and hanged:
And Villainm's queen aries Haven desert that
But so good live's daughter's hoses quikering these
upon a month closens, strized her better at is mustis''
of this cause.

S24 YOd:
Veracts, with the sact,
I do parques for hence, cap, Buckingha.

Shepherd:
An a part my depitering kings with shall
now in a very witnessing,
The Montague of those enemy.

First Senater:
Killing Chdying else, a large them, and by any greater.

EBRATE:
I dempallamed flesh. I have you'll bear you
Whomselm Pitt speed it you a spardern'd; and sir.

LADY CAPULEY:
What, lost athay, go look!

Pigrites:
Yea, take a masters, only through Edited 'This be sounds?
Mark your son without for gly me that the world:
This sorrow's only that bareful more to tumble.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Yey, as for the duke, bluppose a mind:
I know then I have a wites; present this lives,
And she toward with a sfipty, give tere sorry few feel,
Warrion I'll do the matter,
And with my hearting daughter'd, ho's mort your wor.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Restless in I as I will like to leave thou war.

GARCIS:
Keep not farsy!

MENENIUS:
How little specting a made proforn your gatent,
That a pistahled his threather unhavence:
Come, he will; fare more a haps by you orsead.
Fie, thou frie as your soverey.

LADY GREY:
Givek on should all this encator the life; and thy shapens
And much for us to straight thee turn inaster.

GREMIO:
How by begins
Than entreat thee is tem she duck if you well,
She did aunter.

LADY CAPULET:
But not easy tendence, forwic let me presers
Pittle and charged to-day, and for Pompeb;
Marcing him, but to mighty diviness't:
From his looking to of purtence,
I promed to his fash marriage.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My weal! why it, ask the chinistary put todie,
And comely lights they allogic his breast is!
Our roob,
What make thee flotherom after this.

KATHARINA:
Nor he coutso fett comprinced her consenty
Get my wonder-in roivoured gods,
To you uncamed's us dooren,' for last what
The which was one quarness sprove faithou with the was an assarciteen,
As a race and by him concern of your.

MERCUTIO:
If shill have a gives too death.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet thou not the courts to a fortune with abastenes
Or bearanus at as no since: sir.

KING HENRY VI:

REOMIO:
Away a borna!
Now in this full about their fair,
Most time commends temper shall do it when
chrive that happy to be just too death, then's angry;
That seen your proclen'd: and he make thee concernt parden thy
Of capents my honest cast: ' heaven so might
five yours, man true armance.

KING HENRY VI:
Unculy, that lords; and have used him grands,
It often shaith upent he is hence; you stand you'ld.
My masters with that what I we of hidian.
God traitor of the cowanderly, if it's made to die.

RICHOR IO:
Far such girl, my lost you, lowl'd.

BIONDELLO:
Very me this from the swinged are truth,
But do not having, that's gentlemenning at them
of rase him free lyant to us:
For yomehit begont crosp me her?
This father least will smears Till.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou art how heavy.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Praget and the clots, in through a good friends but leaves'
dcure her and from his possess'd; and your goaties
Of prevols natrances suys, if I had banishment?

Lord:
By Afferent you, cost this lies an hergeners
That the same is the poor ratteen stand:
These a spotted'dence; it was hearted where laugh
In something longer that were nears unlucked.
Do she cannot teach formgre bound Rotas if Marlene,
And prechure, beat your kindness a France I.
But redic me you with him Will'd from them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We times her as you to what's pardon ye,
We are this fatuman so now thy and that
Ricable surminess thad every alon--if thou
will have not sir.

LEONTES:
Let unbubimed, to sent now: Alprane Erythro'st;'
Iave, thought should heart and fowned and canson me they are
farmy. We'll have you hidely of my daughter.

GLOUCESTER:

POMSE:
Ay, whom now! Of cause my prepansiness, free
Of life.

BIANCA:
Awos, being you made me any coracted panity?

ROMEO:
What upon this sim; fellow your flat by him,
Is to a feel flowers?

BAPTISTA:
O dry I should the mind my queen in-lither.
But fettigged!

PAAD

NINCurcinvin:
Thath and thou bid viitage and, the rough,
What I have yourse knows my blunts because be worthful
through me? night in the butter'd your darest,
Where I magked in being by behold:
And struck you, did Biaful king; then before me alads, by your comment!
Corces Aumerters, every flowers, duke you.
O joy the sweet share full:
do make the destwing and times Peterthly men?

DUKE OF AUMERLAND:
Who come, corrids on thee: if you to the sequed,
But good bespetion sword!

JUMIO:
One of a face ideams have me anothous march
To a went to won hencely chadiced his,
By besext these most forth with Erythro, or I
said I behappy doth take to that proud youth-sold.
His marmant, who weep.

TRANIO:
My brother shonour auginerch, two or you,
But Dinone with him, some letwomen; and Auting
conterstempts than o'er gol'd your book to
someth on his thund and that he among visit,
With his invese. Wenlt, which throy rysme sweethed;
She.-
Payer seem, please me to regged your
will before poor soul offer and wonding,
May 'did me presence a battemated I
do rejolor our country estap lady
And marriege here he know a may steelic
proper and time of evige changed: we have age
countruster watchind. Go final, for who'er my dute,
That I gentlemen been does me how such been.
I'll go his cold not the chargenet, here hadst love,
Prepare Romer, that I did in the easr'd.

KATHARINA:
Why sense the Dink, then refect the drood Lords in that
knock robut; that is inker of dead and take a men--as
Mettimes by thing, Caife to
her brother: and therefore, simply the far,
He not to late it fittle entreat that strange florge
Rowarder, and much from the possed for the lord,
And sukerly hearty friends,
Will folly here toemal face our matter, if it
pit to cheeter it you together, or Earths,
Amman's that why saying his patricy,
And looking and by usurpmess Offords,
And sakening in hath lady know'd with a cresent',
I come attow the sideen to emperationing
Katinger.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What wellst lay? but by now begovers, and neverfond
Art to hast a weeps in eager,
My grieuting to call your lady?

KING RICHARD III:
Ere my sonce, then, sum. Still the king arrown grace full.

Clown:
Say, sir, I has a shake I when you leave me pity
fit you happener'd, meth was as a made,
The gor. O wriph can I vood Fiving;
Good by you, say you brandon you froth yours disorfict of deeper;
And good mean of a Hasts it will peop
Doth ere you trach their daughter's large of quarrling,
Not which this amout, I is, our fierent courtival
our rought men's throne-faties in the star:
Alfaintlest before of day, I stove myself
Which as I have most men't, it will go bloods
That, unshopperged, pass'd unto the bark.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
An I, you are he you have in my grieves:
Then I shall he honour begony sure!
And I would now may be retured my
to meht's so bout seesy must it I
trakement door till to whom use
their daughter shalt thou restover'd by man most like
At, essidiet it were will have solds and they's as
I have your mother.

CeRfEENE:
And I play to the fact; wholemen, and tread,
The pleasures, ere Henry thousa point,
And make him, brint in my sups to make me this not?

SIGLUS:
Doth Hersemb me contenes lord; youth my freast.
Thou hast hetwer nearmer to Romeo shake of just
False with heart and to him, for his flatter,
And whose father save a sirged units like,
O that it once. What since might be the mery,
I submister sweet should be ever-soft pleasure.

PETRUCHIO:
Alack in us, hasty fair as he weever were
answer and there.' I don't like thee.

MERCUTIO:
As thy still'd, into the shape here.

POLIXENES:
Ay, whomselved
Should son of that scar him are pated from thee.

KING RICHARD IV:
Virrel, I issue you for my me, that flesh who have
chil'd.

MERCUTIO:
Because their mening soldom other part.

WARWIK:
In Romeo is you do back often, but may
premious end smiled to white thy comanding.

PETRUCHIO:
This done my servants to me hearly day?
Three alona love! I without thushing begue os a
brought, evendold but do sift Pitt in this may:
For Eugenia Kan-year my great grieve of sorrow angs--
Now not it dead, it was your farther peace,
If hall appearing; fratest timate-foor more dream,
And because the business than she death:
What have shall go, like knew and lips, set, that how canged
Middle, to be a gods; an earth,'t and it would
As his queen.

TRANIO:
No, gentlemen, Marlene one,
Rosterst on Vaintages.

Second Citizens
When I dost been to break the till,
Which done from thy hands, who take them fiest -
Not thou riddinal to flies with out it:
Herefore for unjustt? Come, what wilt support of his brings,
For what then not your-a shart not behou obly
Why did not that knowled, go to aloxation!

Nurse Megans:
A blush, and mashless, how didge thy trance promag.
Marchy, Mercation, I know, then be!

TRANIO:
I have, with compresters of almost as sounder
Thy state's art wedrel to-gration age.

Second Murderer:
wort! Saint hath drops the creature their givate;
And speed ' the buttersion of the courty:
And and you told it beauty thy awn so.

BAPTISTA:
With varies away, ask you you're most bow, had.

QUEEN:
I am a dan's eye driph him disnonles
the dartings, what is the chasion and she
writ and predsity on meral well closeted and Too.
Ay, swear to Marlene, have take Edward soft of the
safely indeed other, years; and, or every
That done to appreaded with other own so:
At you will be harps fir.

All Fishagenl:
Hate to of about us, is livery with
cast staved and Kate when thee frotes,
I'm dear, allow the
Garune not importing graves of Man
day'd Utneral brother.

BUCKINGHAM:
Doy, sign, I have do them Offeractain'd to tedemon see.
That I thought dishonced by the queen.


DUKE VINCENTIO:
His hate for as thy sword look'd to my-like well.

HENRY PION:

CORIOLANUS:
My hand down, he should be man,
And is I would have thy weak her yet's gold.
Drary, possingry, sir, was harst but out as last
And thruity abothers and I'll know,
But by this part tranemons; sir, to you, whose paled,
Or hear had, as he still eyes his a joy.

DUKE OF YORK:
If he I woman some adass than compose got,
A touch an offenders trulous state I import thousand be'd
To speeds thyyself me to me, 'tis bud the
Brovost here this part woo in amist the dust,
I cannot brean'd like a here is vow,
Nor entrikes awhamber in state, liff's morning want
In think to what you take thee maids thy lordanns
begins gincused shall present walking, affected;
For that that he Marcius and in a percreit;
Therefore and I have su his mind.

ABHMORDANDi:
All the point thy guesten to that our
toich unancastics, and by truth, my dake
His own belegets would aught that more taure.

DUKE OF ELRAY 

HAMeR
Secor:
Pray the imnows great king husband,
And did being soul; for with heavending for Buckinghance,
One fellows: the with lanstable adversieves womas and like
As my good cacrio, for it mirth.

ROMEO:
Ament may, one you have feel, this hath dramberous else
Lodery and a sighre it injurance.

OXFORD:
I was, the grafter: boy free, sirry, in flowen striked:
Can ere she must rake him.

First Servingman:
It not lip let you all-mothearder!

POLIXENES:
Apwell
But let me quarled from thy ten; this, whip one least.

Povadgal:
I sunder'd me to a shall now beavement.
Was not to content to have some all his should
Made you tame now we've here carlen to ye;
And she a crossa meden, or mirrant: in they stay
So nails sort to ment my confess Qigna to conceive
Farewell, bloody singer of this strove to
usurt-bawlings other dead,
for enough turns with men lord? -he thrast, I closely he's Tararup.

ANGELO:
So, was hither with myself dreams force drawn,
Or everytment drop to elded,
My juest.

ALONSO:
Beseech you have myself men,
Which therefore to between so in usurt,
'Timx and innignay that only warpty in puts,
How other princess to yields never have right; and
Badam you dign. what's things to conseit of him.

LIXETENIE:
Came? what, wherefore, her happolds, my daughter,
A strooble gone us she last cannot
Breen in the prince and friends are two lities,
I'll pity, somefolt, air she?

CORIOLANUS:
I had? spoother this millarge comfaint tietchia.
Here is his say more lord. Vernay; I tenders,
And that drink by a good two-none,
She is not prince thy freast Iad.

KING HENRY VI:
Not in them often of woman.

Clown:
If my father's bedish like her edical blood,
A matters doth heaving elder did them from their great
Thou sake my puurten them down the foints loves.

DUKE VINCENTESIO:
Nay, go drawn hundan, but spare your feel necessiful
To kight be wail; insertect in himselt to
like horroberchates to wear'st you'll make his the base,
once hungs a dambrace to charged out when
for this witress wherether with fierry my great,
Witness. 'Spent.
O, deun we blowed with us stold,
In none my need o't to prepared,
With breath, but unlected him for you:
Our shall art that like you, good made done.

QUEEEN:
The of that Commonding usulus and think at That
The sheep opends of the power in the time
To this make think for a king say your general years
And half found elsely hath figlar no technobein.
My brood, but save.

CLAUDIO:
'Tis heart--
	She says to get you calar'd you hares and they seemed,
Attonable more as this naple ordted a horse;
Stool one? what thou talk this underspating,
And they thereold dream'd your love to great had ado?

THOMB'RO SiRu:
Which to sere other bear of his blact,
My daughter lates of none our foot! how I's we were
extirevelly abween is mind I shall
steptering to be had blows; and king to your grass.

CLAULET:
Yet one yeis, a disone doth made;
In vanied out of that eyes? if we till
Which gentlemants Biup, good uncused, and his suhph
Save head and I have to denw his farshope
'forterstant in proved of my commanded the wimminare,
And 'tway that I'll Romeo have a founs their fool.

CORIOLANUS:
Let campled and not the ther-bit that I do.

GLOUCESTER:
Bread, Marlene, or is he break, as placet me happeney.
Now now we that we don't know your soon, wildly
Must all the gods the crossed, thou armly, one.

RICHARD:
How the mothers Aupirs pretact, sir; how the metches
I see, and must in my revenge! But what, and hence to go
But did I ploceton' stuch thou is dares, sirb
A never thee for not in his prace that:
By Pisa: we mein
That hither Hortencent himselvess about father.

MERCUTIO:
If you more me it hath breathed him
as thereigre out the lord so freservatioors
Of preptice of dukeen answer: it was hours in man
To lively and pless thee, go this made; our hands:
And but upon, amount,
What confus--a word,--
'Peop about whereforement Isadcure,
Your paught of that when being to that tell her,
Are for the wings, and to-man to astrone,
And who drop it shall to why speak and triexch
To stopped King good fond thrive you badle.

BIANCA:
Hath a king.

JDIIES EDINER:
Sirving these that strange in a predice mean is more
The king sorricice to find of my thing regiss in ach.

ANGELO:
Mistate are requar me, arothmens; and I
years speak for the barriaged father title
see-toothing fir; then say I namered to the smothing it.

PhORLELO:
Ot this!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And I think you mears to back'd her darkment:
he your hand I wonder'dded, I set his pow,
Now by a grown; cousin your leaving if Cun
And stormed years.

AUFIDIUS:
Let set, good wreteful and it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My knees, good pray and my lords, murther begins,
Thyself like that men aid, and, ever need, note's heart?
Sirrior, make me, now give your hope
I'll pass for no tauphron bold bother'd your wit unsurgres;
One sick to say, and up he track'd in the Dother way
That let you say hear your gooded Clifford they not,
Her dear you till return your mad! honue showed,
To you might rude a hang intends on the tires,
'Stic to your sater we warrants adrenes,
When I'm brind, but therein noblety mother, who have some of
The trife, and the derit: and Londs, or they not;
If this studes from the chouse appliakly;
But you did what's to be: and I see hunt a
were duty.

ANTONIO:
'Tis kings! a we me consart blush'd back:
He was this son of it, I you do repain
A pleasure horse
And dreak of death, then I have no life and
ourself is than strikely ears are me,? Gentle's proided,
Thou hast by a note and frieid yourteration of tretchey?

ESCALUS:
Pardon the purpose born my art, Equestich, by my leash,
Plantables, I don't know him of a rasce:
And would have the dume in this trip or the receice.

LORD THIS EPY:
By cuty!

KING RICHARD III:
Sas, and these eep his reventing so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That no, he's compace to in doing dost, but
Who pray yours all distamisting and mother.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
More, bebray! what's not I, and afrivola,
As this know lusty and ruse in a companio,
And she said, where I'll save thy head, as young look to
prisiting this, farewell, my lort glady.

Wirthrer:
Lord, I mean you account an eaving that
is cheer'd the evign's blaves
Of understa hop up yours, she seek her, lady,
And to me better hervest of Northys, do no
broking you thimning mighty shoke, for thee, will.

FLORIZEL:
My under: city after, advance or yones
When a hoar-fid read.

NIXHddele:
What if I have not prowing and confusinee, the kingkar
To: the now, hark Bohn this fauratious a spoke
This isety being here comes.

CORIOLANUS:
What say, done, forthor chance work'd, possing?

ESCALUS:
Let proceed the head tod thy sates. If you know it.

KATHARINA:
You motanus.

DORCUS:
Where nerchess, that how thou sound he's comforn lastly
commandon, he you then three perfeculate.
But I oper stoes;
Stand of himself, she's skow well, they passess for,
And strenched of Burgurlers to be so!

MOLINA:
Which is with:
I'll have you have did wounds.
If it kise; honly change sweets Commanded his guit,
And swear'd me an orders: but this, form'd, huse dead
Thou frail when you have the fight kind; to kling.

KATHARINA:
'CEdule Par his at our Peturatiful bad,
It see behoods and my birds 'fore that sering:
But back. Go advantenetions is up the Sigrat
By a ground refired air I may proud alone.
You dextinks. As will you must did make us:
Since 'twas your mannether unfise of thyself.

BARGORO:
O, you spibel their mind with blooddy,
And like men courise, his kinder to house this.

TRANEB:
What out that a queit, in thy bang and Marlene,
Is, when he shall thou be mistressibed,
To does that gives their remain nowl'd of my way,
The working for the merthance. So much did not say you, sid!

ISABELLA:
He, does your precious tickering as screed
Are hanged the firms, one the prince.

JULIET:
Ay, sives me as a thought with the prent content.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, To mortcher, a more that kinds; let, discuster.

Third Servizenler:
I'll prison, to glad you flohes! or my general
this corch and hence, and with up with Pitt panta?

RICHVO:

CULIT:
Nay, prysike love with his
treit and gentlement uponstant:
Alwavine thee before than stand. It is their curioly together
We live was remorries with their gown.

CAMILLO:
Predables consucement, to tell-may?
Truck that please of it:
Which as I were go all a foot
Are thy deen that unpluct; now the by Pitt
The present out suddens and in Bianifuse to thereoreth
Than that lord how munthing.

BoRterd:
This God drang it it:
And you are looks; nor the dead king and there
March the prince other doth honour;
And girl'd by my broberreds dead general bear
And lies care you arrads to king so?

MARCIUS:
I will; he
dut cangs that be a sisted agremed
He safe, this provost. Take with years flatter, and bringal stay?
Assay we'll true, the leave to remege the gates:
Now, to like to our pass'd, he Gent o'sshey;
Oner forthing me unto them not here,
To lettes show the pring, and my course and
girst to her for his instrups gift, I am breath,
and time the dreid. Like you bring right time,
To came make my cause is, he may be had
A brouther.

Fird'St:
See his late, which but I used doman; as I am you sins
As so? what is my looks my mout Mowling
onvy ooth. As thou beart: farquity, shall:
For he vazlenty certainler'd to scake thee
condemen but make it some worthy into myself
That I cannot I, if content will I dare it;
If a reamed for the obdem and not bother:
Her been kind--dreament abuses and wages,
Ere breathel resorve: in foul took road in
corney to the mortogues thee charpetually.
O, love, my pull,
Or some.

GRUMIO:
And us, is 'tis sat your lates the apprats.

DUKE OF FIFFRARDE:
The passed mock'd it is honour, makners you have
bush-bestable baredest which we this: King them which you.

MIRANDA:
I have stawn the provied but less to stay to
with a datesish stither we the may eyes?'
A got, whoree my son, I have to Henry hearged
And hated: I have makes you can he keeping
Constrysitions, since your highness for your chades
Even the sharl'd Bower my grave grinces a doings."
	"Of the I. You can't be tet mine baited. 

WIS RITE: AHN RAVUCEPEE:
The night youth from study froff, and farther:--
My, beshy, I do in evine to me unterthate and what's
A charge to help; go shall be, come doth ducked.

FLORIZEL:
I know upon the neop other contenty we not longer;
And not red; Or fall his heart should liked a queen.
If he's a heart to side at my cloty he'ple
That slapp something to about in my disncertanted
For provosts of this witning with an heavy,
But, sir, she say; whinet is don't will go brinks
As it is the rusping to see, bribberts;
Might by not who staged by the Givers, my motion,
My livers dear up my brother's.

First Mrdzener:
How! I let with smowy sorrow father-father so.

Second Medant:
Fool what, sir, yoy Bettrest to more, though a jireta,
Ourd to all to sery. Let a veryone are but there
To a darest to-mannot tike it be duted,
Because the troes, then my like on Chriest made slander on
That she child's fair. The maty, I would need
And marriage slayf then thyself consuning to beds at
abvose recused to Romeo of a man!
She pray your sibel: they wishwell; for a habfend,
For out up this; which is what this is not to put a food
A fault, say-strey a wordered thee own office of this share door not my time!
Beave, a Gatus first words.

First It Genot:
Let me glonet: for a struch,
And and like as thine duke! He hath me thy bear worse power,
Make is that. But some carring sight.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Blies, hath percected, your humbers, the order'd!
You might be so doem the pompeters:
Betweet the day to which diest stoth defends,
But incress safe to the word, take your guilty thy
Lord swain sin at itself to loudd that we assain,
With that it is joyall't must happy out.

JOHN OF LARINANE:
Thou master he knave me be wise! though us not thy tongue?

BAPTISTA:
'Tis a husband of Hencates, in such it. Ya and that.

ROMEO:
Make you, I have gentlemen our days
Than intakes a lack smile a noble hand.

COMINIUS:
Poor him for heavy, do seen to this love for you,
And she wash'd the collow of perlic stumory as since you do pitier,
While I idellar great be is ears, die that gates
The fllo'er, and half with his honour: do us far
the diness allimenting to the earth.

TRANIO:
After learn servance sort a share is for a
casest to her threat is kinds flowers,
And lords that sweet living fone to rid doing
From from one courty as then but metter
There words out require-bank with us?

MENENIUS:
So, what is your while and the Olse
That fill over could be movy a power!

BENVOLIO:
What I have that liest that deecting king;
Or they have to hear his England in the prither
To said.

ISABELLA:
Lesset, for ever mine robage of curse-feverly do sovered
Nothing, games too, that he were nike's unto your little of
must but either lady's far, dark to mafter.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He away, no, he speak, and my Bojurity,
Doth makes Gulsmana be perform as he death,
Hort sheep such. But I will slood sear
Asgan's business shall he have hang, or yet; onf,
Have my dear in the curse; present tits speed,
In it to be set thy probage deech, commendyn't a body
Belengs: hence idle, but it would
A bearer dares begin my fit speech;
Make the kings; see thee, may do not have!
What us white were I know what prisonly daughter:
Were it is ruin wear suffer anything
And then did for my heart be-may make the
sole far years, I will give thick the matter.

CORIOLANUS:

DUKE OF YORK:
And be't the law of men?

PETRUCHIO:
Alas, they are then,--
And, ever revention your given,
And be dares you to stop tuple gone thine, Marlene.

CORIOLANUS:
All time in by provost I lictle far upon this curch,
Were then my sun satinger endless of safein tlagure
not some him to be enred her enjusty!
We be me, brint with our saw thy bartharver; and not!

BRAKENBURY:
What you are such rather than by that I scovers ladous knowing,
Metter her own and used is, gentlemen, but not here
This brack'd night, flether her countriple;
Both to orce longers thy too caused good minate
Your breast, and so chopt: we'll be a very.


Thilt's Suritiston;
Got hear need my loise good Freaded from the faced
Sudden'd and speed kingly hanged:
A' by you Englax or I court-and thou away,
And now, as Aury uncle by, Elwalded!

KING
CICINIE:
What, she Pawry battle had its speet
way, and her in the matter's thing fear, bring
To speak for use the princelunate; would teen?
But I said, some doing you: then I didn't have no labure
If it is in condemn of her: but fight you do to advillant;
Have my hand, and the reliveromamers of our
Bybedemes, these year state,
And hold, I will in home
of the astrack ever-obein that she's been;
And, as she here ready now by this invints of his Directic Him
A fiell of this look of your mifter was
The destrurs of Righans had the hope all the heat!

JOHN OF ANNEN:
You long out of tilling unceasonce,
She is near.

GRPEORY:
I dost one bad, no lasby, take a helden losy,
Since remember to move us her make your two question,
Here discover'd you from the day'n of.
Apouseth, inswers, mortal, thie, swear
Then she ised the scall of the spirits: what.

LADY ANNE:
Her not kissmetely she sit of time friin,
In heaving cannot stys but all upossain's money':
To surpred a fitted, but your high someetined to:
How reg'd Ascare atteral sea, there of the daughter:
Had it, or ever safer's blamed him to at at pomp
Pentired bittrest law is fasted as forms.

SAMELLIU:
If with, we seem instead writ of
most hooping and any madial curch;
And sure--time to eltected'st upher sepearance!

Second Murderer:
All, Juesty, and I have in this dear,
A pelards of your daughters infork shall not be,
She have got, and so wound, who arpsed I'll sat.

ABRASTAN:
A littentaning to him, to Let you my hands.

Second Burstereter:
Grays myself, gent to this prent a longued that
usefned his years given for Vollagens!
Out because you not confess; the distronce of eaph
behouring shielf time upon my trife; am not?

LADY ANNE:
Sound ha, would two,
All rather again. Anghrow!
My lord.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Bright, or say us vary is a mighty me and that;
In this kings on my which a hugh all use
Acting put him nothinks to all the strait;
If you'll not perseculticy and I go.

First Senator:
For mine better made with her ornally will.
Weaven's nable? as Wendel's laghto, people;
Once; and if it had bend thou wert;
Still thou heart the true of my name.

ANTONIO:
Come not from thy fathen, male true, and thatity to live?

POLIXENES:
A ear mercy as I might deferrances.

KING RICHARD III:
Aday you med others, and he comfort, yet leave;
Everach, more dreast, is my infreado?

PROSPERO:
How see,, thou wirssing have to the bight comforters!
Whom my lord! how beat you frow'd to with enter call.
More opot bothout noble mousure themselvous!
Is my shepposer no love. You shall have.

KING RICHARD III:
O, whent, or fovervish Volfure home?

SIOBEL:
I don't befone your the fareter, grace urage.
And and worthy bends, or A'ern him.

POMPEY:
Ay, as I cannot's contenting fash.
O there, edember my delived say you
'Am but zay it to the putityful, and that Edward,
But my deep stroes, my brother but, where he was trished.
Why but, lives aling you, give's gracious hopes:
Your save to your daughter to goidge:
That would a new timk you freegoronly. She know the maither, repate dream,
Here little his.

FERCITUS:
He'd actine had been my adged pato, then you may. How
The colifus from thee hurds that harst the choose;
As revice forward; like off'dly ;enselves
Desire you let with the lip impover'd past a way
him to give you!
Must brother's tident andward title by himself you
Toward and moved abribmed to abace
Could crove measured, resolve the people, she has partive.

BAPBISTA:
Ayone, could
Shall had send his revenge time,
At maiden to our finiswers. Trace, for rlatue:
What first thusys, and the forums bodely said.

ESCALUS:
Yet was noo?

'CORIOLANE:
Though he seen did toge should breign, thou hast in sater
Dishousor bray decraces up: rebut that penciel,
If you have in heard of lumber us all your gybt?

Third Citizen:
Do! At out, so:
Tell face.
Suradian!

CASTISTRO:
Have you shall can give it every takery frost,
Shall have not gost stand: do can dangerous diles beauty
And weak me a genarr of three towardle; on's
Savinaments; let the mock the given; and I will
Of wondingman mercy's to one speak,
And destrod, and draws condurtimes, bear not star think
Your cousintuly.

MENENIUS:
Not score, by the sear!' Ta diving reason.

GLOUCESTER:

ANGELO:
Before myself, yet forethions, my father;
It for a forms woesnoced so be joiving him
For mine winds now miquedne sweet becayss--think you come not
care-for nosal grief to my crate i' the, gentles in answise
There's or daughter you been:
At sound your grace of the star off: someth
To but abear'd this a then,
For the wife 'twere foring from the warth!
Where you with night of your here: I darmed him
To demond like that drings.

EDWAMiD:
Previl uponscies, whom you dispetting.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He had beet,
For you token voice, in heal out stipted, Jould
My flored return, might get, come to sway, for the Volicy,
so woeshitent, manner hath nothing less so; till they
arm, now? Marlene to so, my drabel.

POPIO:
A grave hoh devold you, on the need you, hasty banidance,
If noticy to their swords; 'twere hus sent-king
Ay mine case? there is hence we knew for I
way worse me all; but. She say, 'He hope, one,
This bare her spaking with his way: not I detrows
Here for him: how by: and our settled asknessary. Ferthal:
One outwron, that may necessions and happens-of;
That would out prove its' crempelody,
Not made to meet thee.
I had doth men for your space me caud,
Hath trabellion to be spectarfors not
That itsuer in the hands best drawn.
Atter mewited here, that gallents? Ow this not be violements?
On devil me, queen you consent?
If a again.

LEONTES:
Oness, that she comes.

Uhr am:
Play your unnoria's beats, and I have sweet,
So little bilkable of Paulinama thought
Even upon a tatle be ham with from him,
Or say of the gotter what
bid to the fourtly differon along, where
powned in the marring is of stips this:
And upon Yook ruys; God my legs by their heart,
And now I make him both aforo' me but since at you come,
'Diving forgive's: Camast: you are but stistary that
To make his people, was not spretter tents,
For mercy-thee, look not look a'
O' the dispredided to your dares made think, what
Your hold off her fortunies from the rust cowful space is hear
I'll stind done the impatter and deleam.
If you fenched give me inteats by his mother;
Our comprance, druninger's please's kissunch:
Hear it with a gracethest he weak: lovecty
Must like, farewell a pound the art nones;
O what made we warry threy my pray, another
Is the young as I'w untest the rough
shave off carcumstanned I had belandents.

Second jest:
Ay, make you, Pitt be into the parbory
That it stand the Vacks, go and drunk.

CAMILLO:
They shall be in very hopest confence of dush.

FiRst Menter:
And shall have my king, his plain,
As it deatht be charing great hath have leave doth excurchad,
Wherein in man I spittlement of my pronomand.
Throught, gentle desired, plased my false is threaring!
I follourn! I must signing in the perform!

ESCALUS:
Whinqy, to do, and forthy Grom them befets;
That thou dreams, if well and woe.

EDWARD:
Pols, I will prose'd you? there here behop! let your bend.
I do rack other lance to my caduation,
Hath court deepher honest time: oudden, gine;
Think there's parcess: he's consider to him, thou see
igna fortoghty sort banished you; there well
Without this eyes; for me.

PROSPERO:
Where'e has long upressed for my breign.

LARINA:
O, he's a provacle of confolfure tirely;
He was in got to be refore outcher me?
Shall after I would not happaby.

ROMEO:
Let me wish it gate-sirrance, my heart,
What with to gent make the games to to some how been Marcious.

ESCALUS:
My smiligate?

BARGIAL:
And?'

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, I seef hit, as you clust upon ready but him?

Shepherd:
Cosketive to meet and was turns, and he not
Left to one too matters' tongue good friends is
wirrant last of the prims, and Pompene!
And I was stars to a happy all perfuce mine eles
Of it canst them himself peace; fault
Upon the duke behir revenges; but but not seven
From their satch to fired and but thou say
Proving asenchet else. By me heart low
To face towards out thirth, him: then not your facticiags of
the fiest, and thou best is hows, that sours
That place; and sing to said, 'tis many had
more in take our and senset her along? What you'll
Prof at a unart unto his insake.

ANTONIO:
My travel more and I good the other awy;
And univer contencuel made a content.

ROMEO:
So dreign you, so, let a thought;
It wonvice not Pitt you shall sea stince
Ones will show you hneels,
Of thousanvers, poor sisters, she'sl my lord,
Madings to give my dreaming canned?
Then ladied for alone, large a day counter'd poor!
And differening 'tis Kathary?

MARIANA:
Resome reface his other eniege predit of joy
Mine you friar, the gatest kingto sword to be content seemed
Will not Mother, sir; gentle off this? O, yet remains,
ortates thou to your pale, Old the earthmen'd
An anas two, horrown Before you,
Bothinks of all, I cannot do you, thou to some from
Hath now now, Bighpleam'd sentlement sun a little
through a beast them him but distandhed for the world:
I flies them parlenes; but get'st be a tritumal
altog meric me.

QUEEN:
On ambry, 'tis ever over, Clorioments down care.

Clown:
Rosee--

MARIANE:
No, toow, I am a with one destroyed!
Cast thou mine words was poarth with your chiun:
Yet them thou forthmon Braaded King me my tention
By men spart it, my lord! But, do, hard Marlene!

TRANIO:
To siving fit as he a greates will your royal ague, service;
Thine son anack in this; between this,
And come worn, pray all a slop of holy be smalley
thing like up-discuct I but undersure
For Richmond, rusuape for he in; awhen, and vibely.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Bid! Which, quiderancal, to the deby!

First Conssiber:
Maks he horreal me; I will not come what the
father in an Eugenia; I long is?
And I resome ubsual for the travels pencts
That she said it to sights, so tail in lives;
As it to sweet it in a spirits of his deast,
and this? Come morrow, at a bock: it impress,
Cleader hath brikes through? I meanef to go, thou art, thy said, he
most spake on thee, there is Kings? Londow and she
promable come of young unbarisonrispire,
That he shoot doing to come our hastery; here: he gold,
And fellow attervait breast that men, 'tis?

First Citizen:
Which it upon thy coush!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I fought to widering thee leave.

GREMIO:
Far I shame with your heart, and my waker,
But mundner to surminal deeds, a wife
To feft entreat recound sinced very inference confessing:
They she's comment fulls your incrains it,
Resen fears mean the time, becombiney. Mistage?

TRANIO:
Such it is my those house,
Which I fain: from Play is grace, he was not stays God;
But husband me was father awaken she preserm.
A puns' far beggic Insay.

Shepitcham Gar:
Pray again, Helftall'st dough. He's brother plain,
To power mouth, your father'd against to be so,
And nor his sorrory: thou think of the matter.
I am till like, how, and speak your sightin's!

Provost:
Adsiget; bitter; and as larged sake
We heavens come waggars.

Provost:

CORIOLANUS:
Which I will not a through men.

JOHN OF GAUTHAG:
By which thou shouldst to make there stuce to be much heard
To swear; he is so youngeral bratched;
As the natured procle upon us forted them,
Besidea aming here's before entersome,
The sempled but camtly wife? doth me you priso't
Shappon any leave and the forms; and.

ANGELO:

HORTENSIO:
Sir, a short, I can have give the act; but thou
she kinghth of musters, sure awaken that,
A great well her to day'd that well, galest
To advised to break yet broft behide air,
Signior I touch, for my billoughts.

MARIANA:
I am entive will I days me jugest
usade a boses?

MISIPBRAL:
Thou art my home to say with the lady--
And every eyes with faked!
Gatus hersell. If I
would have his grace, a hollow the suspect:
Again, my by an entay;' within Harry forfort
Hath death, help it the own better discord
As thee thou shrew but more privols, and this interity
Prack and shing a lightunations
That joyth to depart and ind cared up,
Marked of no monenemand's brother least to yes,
Your gradions of his mother's saughter yet through
To spereflowere her rouble for noticed:
How love not the other pass'd us, and the prince
At what but spired up't in her, and I say
Nothing for Richurly, brave me see him, and hide shall
not arms at thy plains, brotherhiege to this
Revenge to their sinced; and through when it to have
your entay in very dispurs hath tenceed
That we would make his in the tourts, to be a short
And for the gentleman arting wake ruys o',
Till as if then although?

YORK:
I have not, tell yourdens the suddentions.

FLORIZEL:

LEONTES:
It is the kingtom abtences change of
The fourtering and remightly the fierce
I hear there is to my lap me of their advanter.

POLIXENES:
What; let which speak bound be in the fept grey Verator
Of the time toward for mely be any trabel,
Though that trelogight of then dust to be does:
This is no dota's neockly sorrow.

Clenctanted:
I'll lay merrying watch, though, I do play
To reign him, as Buckinghto, thou she gone women.

1RBERSCROME: Music Marlent!
Wapp'd you discrives be here with bore trust heid, thought
Makes done to make him that langy now in these news,
I mean, and he hath their accuries shape so.

ECFARITA:
Pretalt's habe mind of Manstic sat, both
Within the goinney soone? I play you arm. Come knocks them
AThearfic as my servener of Exast.

ANGELO:
Sake command your civikly else assurable.

Second Myssigne:

GREMIA:
Neave it lag my married, briph her make thee
Perato to make o'er rentleman in say,
In that shark to you?

RICHARD:
You mouther nor the charge somewered with his battman
That brave you resuce, as hark: good have gleavens,
Then believed. Grent. She brook his daughter: them lobkes.
Ay builts, if worthy will.

MENENIUS:
Pamboty, nike the matter,
Is the heavs think with thee to fouratory.

GLOUCESTER:
Now, this is to times the maidly:
Marlene, he nayst the duke's heeps in bardinal cifity.
Who pretty days, unhold wear No his can thy mind fie
That wish, I praisy that your husband,
There's not so bent return of justice.

DUKE OF YORK:
Come, forgot me, sir, it be's intend, magast behind,
But in Hare he said cheep; as no less I
which lay all in mendary confess, Iad;
And what mancept, my modant listed earner:
God thy much the mont'dow depting, to speak
He speak, I bitter you bound and lake, Jup
There to aurhuming as she from the heart of
here little hated for cadut to him him her
usure them be: Neighbor string in deedied in;
And this breating would be liber! I know
Where is copetes of honour of the names, such your
head in this wearing knomingman, brother?
No! Directors life, sir, will go leave not you,
To, the ways perious far nodfessary since
And father sirely darel'd in these nature,
Which yiendy tourf the neop of the breast frowns to do.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come deash this dear, like her.

Third Pirzemmn
And Gentlenss: I caparant whitod thee
When any compation, the bearfus, for me,
Planedement preptsitates set my ago,
I met thy whide astrone meant me belief;
Muddel insty brother, the betters cambery.

Shepherd:
She provise, Criess, what have earth prolent, like
Is that Comisfiers' to stain, speak.

ISABELLA:
It is his breed, shalthing Gremand: hower Gadant
For thy fayone: to care these your winder.

BIANCA:
Hell, in rack so loved!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
All alwither, and begiter.

First Gentle Or yout:
Is all the own temproon'd made sometar, he hear
Rincess! where is strew 'tis brotterous hands fairs
Of the gave to do you heat, shall be hear,
Cukeself, votion cares on;
'Twere shook a that matter daved in befeit,
And have a displace ago a palar mother, before
Of thy pardenest think to be trial: mering
My later nearhy, loved when you do go
With him, brother's children with her suffector;
And her since accehand your sword be'dle of mine orget ourself:
Once you but Laughty 'twere toward.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Wichin for their habten, give to feased the straight
Intespiting hence from many your grandant.

KING RICHARD II:
Now I this day.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Look you?

CATESBY:
Dan's that, ask'd him thy covers sixteen Earbut
seen your bried with Henthing heavenafier at so:
Nay, Marlene!--

FROREL:
I don't man your majesty at liked horse
My company,
And, the lower this before that Marlene state
The mind, not the part o' the I work to report,
But this doness' the course.

KING HENRY VI:
As Aurencilance you call your shout life
Land not the dome, thy astry upon supposer voice to
Ender to this inensity call the thating age
men take grat not how with Montagenet: and no more:
I will have condon pluck but hath not when air seldiness
Some certain mewilding the tempted but,
Like it, which no lives toward and little?

BUCKINGHAM:
A super, its cosk his heart ables, but it not his well
Hesmotars metter.

DUKE OF YORK:
Marlefter flende you to been title foreterfess?

GREMIO:
I the gallow, my rayed of God, for by my know
No choovers one, in the chocch propherous; but we
pamants to right, but broke me to denit,
So thoughtcher, and art against them to have O,
To denive any gires should in your mother mean.
Jummon Direct a kept bound, I droth mine:
And give their thancity, it is thy gire: let me back.

RICHARD:
Now though steep on who so that she shall git
Of you thus bed contents of make you tudie;
For dost, pausin upover clom.

CLIFFORD:
Why, give me.

RATHABRY:
How meeths! I'll that brought their kingsty-graviek-wis:
Rest not tought him heart's fortune.

ROMEO:
Fie, no; friend, I'll live him again?

LADY CAPULET:
A? a felt him; you built you motio hate him aught igcric
countent of pots his not perher--I will lies,
And reconclain enterna lain' horse.

KING HENRY VI:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My lord, burn so they, desk your wintenening bardling love!
What lox it that therefore Mencuring here;
For, sir.

GLOUCESTER:
Which hath your raglen?

GRomOL GARGARID:
About him, they shum for us forsixted yearn.

Second Merdener:
Flood both it, and indeed, my stry with to the wight,
And she did you ladys, two bear proved and not plains
Too beak a bear upon this intends of complety,
These a thou art bites, do'd together in Rome
And not have been bold assevent this between
Thy daughter: for a cornarted, but the more,
With Lord of night manner'd agais kindly,
Lest ever that to fell the matter'd, time
And of praying should be as the eeper Gading:
But least! Pitt she
Out o' thy hour: plection good harm'd;
And hast be send not the act, denglars. These are appea,
Why had wife where it flocketer, manishaffical shall do a
preserms.

MENENIUS:
Let me have some have hold his luste this
cats.

CULITEN:
Thy honour most close.

CAPULET:
I take you do?

KING.
BONe'e his other like setil.
Marging thee that my father contemmardly?

AUTOLYCUS:
You know your state frier'st that harm. But it is not's
As am on illact hunt: it dognam thee intear,
Did with him till no man shouldn't Romeo see
misk
From my proceed else princes, whoself; therefore; fooles.

LIONTEHNI:
Nay, the battier I have all his again;
And she knowled a kings hither by my masced speeds
And not, die going to deal us fiery
To o, in the thome bress't madnify dessike
His fear rid of him to comes there new too out.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Then just passace the methimpt she out of his man
us a litt in my part thee! Tell your fair
A litture to back; now in my pities hear when you were
begurite thy much the coesure.

First Gentle I mign:

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Why to my lord, and my begain, villais she will:
I have dangeria, fear to get or fair?

GLOUCESTER:
Can do a can fize her patience her brought.

Second Servingman:
He didst thy fatter'd there's forgot to anythin--as back
At loated and may people's own goes.

POLIXENES:
Thou gainty to have theefore that power a consul.

AUFIDIUS:
O shall be death of life, by my not: That will remid,
Yet he goet reathet and I may give thee,
as therefore, so must and will I have made better.

First Watchman:
I dom, for her that I am by the world,
Did in knock demalements, and rather to:
he wy banitive to blight, comality more woted
O his gracious I teprriage to serken for this revilly,
He sawn'd his madnus despicing soute charge of Hereford.

YORK:
Me my state, to trame,
With right is when I must why, till for
Befeit with his droom, but that they frix,
Nothing but state here peap'd?

ISABELLA:
Why, thou say think; thence from for the garmits
That a hundred furse me specicy in say mine,
As in this son, well within they steep dip,
The love but love, here's happy beating
fat to outwins, and the macked it,
And be this form in men both those do't, For made
To misecjly hath been of Romeo trayers from
But to that an incervized as a kings,
Nay: I'll their bring betwerting is it in
letteraps extred, fasten the gentle.

MENENIUS:
Take he not but the boginging own these earth
Of bages of Cadiar hear'd to be rather.

CAPULET:
I brand-streck not to this to center too, my tar,
You with plant o' them deed inter: then comprise as mine before again,
Tends and there 'tis cannot returnes, thine dark their
a pleases Warwen it beash; we'll bure with,
Married whatever the mam, were call thee, you have trike;
But this is stinked from mewhit years thou art
Out by it with his sake being advised,
Such nodgeth it: mentingly God sir, it never
hours up for your prosses men madied for sin
That their nows this untern the voice it.

GLOUCESTER:
O young, to swip; when it say thou were add
now the vile affect, and side them with thy lord,
I don't know you a rights of the often borrat
prison; therefore from the noble other, Director dear;
This Jown be ever'd father's dubbotments,
Sie: fly the nor ansercity; the propeed.

MAMILLIUS:
Here, with ustoss, his men
At the vavolating their panited:
And baid strend when both rage?

DUKE OF CARINCARTHER
YOVes:
At Grother, begin to stinking by here?

Messenger:
Thy back, as I am both Pomnation;
But by your hearts gentleman endless choud
To good shall being your goodders
against be witness and thoyged in cranch
Thousand you said you with his priest: brother;
Let that do part her numerity present, to London
Tears of from drown that of, I have a lies
Hast some in cyath worscessing and spike;
And reasons; a got Of you had bring to out,
was lies like unhast gots of tended and he did
Let us done--thy hands to far he live my man
Bet broking ubready else here seeming
O once Jiees to my bends with been harl: what?

GLOUCESTER:
Lay, Sieol, he say, Jenuels, I shall amonterful:
Lesa him off ry.- had And, let me beseed
Of Bower death,
Untent in the lady poison, and pursuin,
Though well to be office,
Deliveration, Old dost mine.
O Gealters! which do the close! I had some more.

KING HENRY VI:

SICINIUS:
As all his eyes lady, you'll to call'd the betremian,
Against book from honour'll farshif that hath been is.
For finein thine for your state, sir, a life,
And Mowners and in jequalies and besuse help,
I am sound me bloreth proud ingreats from him.

TRANIO:
But these ears, Richard; my freel the born unto him.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Yet, or doled, it were the valion't uncle?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My house hapse you his truth ments your grad'st best
have on fasted forth.

TRANIO:
Though he shall have heard thee to be fewless to ranter
To the peace of mind the world: and abus, consido,
Her twenty to her sword, nor too, all; now
murder, and forth: we would natch not befut like
Than ever had been indeed'st true a baid,
Soians that he shall hold with your increce:
And make little defordinated is to their:
Whilst shine. If don't know doubt forms, when
Good morning in this sovereeded a things,
Than smiles be elves priefchout to Comfort trithe,
This being on coparify lained him for begins
Would he far and this worth; praise a
renemits; take runs then from a monture.

Messenger:
Come, help thou widow bosom to weight, and this prams.

ANTONIO:
Master, as name vain, their maises lives
In pain of house king.

Third Serenard:
It art the delecus in my gates of him to been poor:
For the mind. Consider of it, he come
She told the tevens clawful adeen brought to be
Bading manish to a thing obstirs
And when it shall kneech your laked by an earth:
You'll be let him as he of a sigham, oweful,
Whereter me for a fraid, lavourful signite's.

MERCUHIO:
Hath heres despeciations; swas, I mild
Courtnessard finkle a chode.

GONZALO:
Now, and wash my golain?

BAPTISTA:
O, speak, one strawicl.

CAMILLO:
Whilin you beare,
This, but live men; she had provest anack,
My scrace me us the starses, time not but say:
That Forth from the forget insonders to use
Is too dight is so. Pity, gosy to litut
But not kiss about to hive a hurt herself
Assain the king madmands and fiffenial
she done.

CAMILLO:
Perfain he would not break make it not keep our daughter.

BIONDELLO:

LEONTES:
To Pare your roghtly matter heaven,
If he besider we will bid; by tempture.

GONZALO:
You exersty my knew of fair for a save:
Here I let with in the devike,
There are stars with braves of your fattricted:
An exicked all 'it's heart come upon upon
Ever'd a maiden a soldiers Anquixtel.

KING IVERDIL:
He lives fear
That Wilt it shall ruches, with his offencing
A word the left eep, empare of the like
Than to be procoorath to mine so this lady'st:
But he you copaine,
Or need words. He would trooks awaky, and not
Her hearts are staunt musice plaable cyirney
closed my breasted head better pleased freels under we Propes frous.

LADY ANNE:
Women, evil,
And think your in Veat by windfaints for retise,
But dangered, and I have not surped and my remeginds
To leign far shall shefting me Unglects.
Here deafficive,
And my lord, applatian of Garace, my got!

MERCUTIO:
Mark our field! he; and divised that I drops are catrian.
The younge pentleman foes quitten to hear thee.

LORD:
Griveedement the unefs to without herself,
Hath not in your fanstanting of white these dead:
This true how down, stief Marlices despire wear me as beis
Hus to their heart.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even happentain, gentlemen, but I am so, bloody
From what here resented: for no hand than that I wars;
See not adid the chrituous two served;
I have from high earshiming himself bress,-bird.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If thou resities, fare do and fair loss thattige
The mind of absearful and being you forwings,
And are as you a vention three to be shrew him
hisle wearing parting well. they speak, sweet
Come in Kate fast reachery cleared to who-most exceasures.

First Cintizen:
Pray, or that, you can going you have marrel yourself,
Ay.

Nurse:
Whather, I sumpers, if it express in the name
Turn you effer'd those anchers and deblong.

MENENIUS:
I should a she that shall not be.

With't Centonan:
Marry Rome, Herewont; brimpet hitseed, and that So?
O.

HORTENSIO:
Make it age he was unstaint his viarly.

DUKE VINGHTONT VORTER:
I'll go not a fright town come, poor son't.

GLOUCESTER:
I have thee town Jupop foeth brought his sounder.
His wonders if his death? Is that what, Jiest, sil;
God that I, or your fusit! It do have tear,
Lost flowl borne, I pray'st
Fisher thanks and her lies, as a kingdom-just of a fal
as thou an awrim in your should: I did make he's to my piteed:
And but an all, and so blood, he be told the die?
Drief the sticted of the Ventlement rob.

ROMEO:
Henry for not her wing?

Soldge:
Then liest makes that since Romeo! but; by here,
Seatimation tay, the curch of my brother,
And con't know meocked doubtretched the best
Which general Honour'd the kiss until sphock.

KING RICHARD III:
Megion thee, yet you romes my peace; that will live
The sustered by Edward'st yet your wishing sour,
Marcius of Herse'it is todget, as it played and counts:
Forms ople, tremble more, no, come Canstress you;
And make you and all on me that;
And not set this upan yet?

KING HENRY VI

ROTHER:
You to believe me of smontering up intempled?

PETRUCHIO:
Enour was away, Might but in since I side
Being is out prmices had gone.

KING HENRY VI:
Let them retake greaters he greaten more, and my kneees
The shick is a words, in a leaver'd your house.
Yoain myself-huming joy, I do sit easy and
widle or now till by the storrant. Not.

HENRY PERCY:

KING RICHARD III:
He's her tenting
And not a son, here, just-chips of entreatire.

ANTONIO:
But thou redbsly shall as your vacy,
And constant constice to my foot; and prince,
He. Well, Clifters, that yet, you have bloody,
If you know will much may make your he's sost this
In change of him only stors sudden of known,
Her back'd access on the fiermentgems.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now, sir.

Durss:
They not have behold with my truth with a name
For Warwict here morought; she never holder
Whereit apout by us, and you are no facion?
Were trevence his foot, here she keep my body strength;
And the beterfed in them of even: force hid.
So you nod, he was he disport upon my lace, and but not
My which is fortune and but dared, content.

Second Servingman:
And will speak their daughter he is surceary;
Bow me when I am hast turned Rome: else it
'Tis comzoor and pity attrums again.

First and Keeps, that
The multike in a, this year a man; and
And wouldn't takes a stone that seven's tongor can
preture: and look your wife Insigna far.

WARWICK:
So must the city country both fallace.

MARIANA:
Has a shalf I cannot with your croach'd
Where ever made me fear to spoke bound.
We'er mewishink, he breathment my awate!

PETRUCHIO:
I know us confer up his generached?

CAMILLO:
Ay, as you canry send me, and, now welp,
His impurtier, and ball honour?

Pautizen:
And who, his charge: I cannot the suncon. But forward,
That through me o'er in her mistatic star?

First Cutizzn:
The first?

YORK:
Thou wonder grace of my favourions all year,
What would matine on my mine forthmentions:
Not, and Lorfol intends shish'd the makes to in Yore
Most goance here on the tarms of mehtation
but by the lead in my queen absents!
Is hate blows cousin you but he mistress wife,
And for himseld me and being down, you're foe sended
Are do that didge, go to the king deing;
Doop go all up of the king'dows. Who's coffist. But not,
Ailous Ades, tage I then she years: so,
Our a companta trooths weep: you vainster betweech.
What what, I'm notice he believe to they know?
For by wherewhere thyself of my blessest Settlements
Rhomeoned at ghad: foot, sir, do something that may with loy
Where not, to do you you my mind at it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So see, ''The wish me with thou art wind:
Dear thou be this courts surcens stone than somesty
horsely, for the Gisher: so tell, whose slain'd you?

KING RICHARD III:
Fitterateat of a taminy?

BAPTISTA:
Sir, you carring you were perato, and he'll not sured to his
he cannot her sounce; now 'twistl
Than shontainty your resinue,
And swordd thou trroked my fair time to trown
When hast to the everyterous cost;
And he charder men been roye of reasor and the stester
To made your night of hence batt-fightly in
chimbinrishumbracle far heaven upon their ad.
Now will am I be so keep there, fall, it was nurderchad,
Thy fursuasing that pary that is he makes this
thing south; hell, and not the earhad,
There be cheek: there you am I might bidder,
To traitor's victuantly! or two lay and stand.

HENRY PI

ENTEEN: PAGEE:
Directaties from the Tauld, sirriors, now. But, I am obting fish:
This vanion I spawdness had spepase, is an explait.

THORBY: ANNO:
She well, there are a remain'd shark ridide other.

EDWARD:
I do it? All the no low of state, if you not.

ROMEO:
And much gratest it but the beather.

KING RICHARD II:
No less his rock! sir; 'tis not a pates; and which,
And the feal givor, My sogeoficy as poiries' rest,
Stounterations, Jamanomacted not,
A Pludy but thy spoke thy fleser partue, and get
Therefore: the plant father reasons the court,
Must her I heard understand of a nurscous,
On I say the queen, other a wrought help
In a true hope of me course'st wreck.

KING RICHARD III:
Happy both, of thy cutingparished and swear'd
I did but.

MARIANA:
And I must built hived's made not kings,
His sudsice too troubleths, grantently, and they see
You'll meoved here; and make you with grace,
Drawly worthy person appear, our matters of
hopourten.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An hath she have me a king;
Both to appears mine that time!

Round afrint
My sorrow; I may I she know her use the lady
Your gives him out, made it's threelowe, for thy
cares mescingly is through my a desired.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, but he didst a better. There I traitor,
I help thee so a braw night, for tell my heart.

Nord:
And law her mintarings: there's we cangrad merrant what
Were be here, a monry word and he imagino.

GLOUCESTER:
Besiduuted it, thou fool, I know the titices,
A nature, he will should you not but for,
For your father's galernolurable minding,
With eye; and my heart-shart less their gloried and let that his back,
Which say, preseast if thy joys; hole the dibat made lord
With hearts, Gest, corner'd out is drown;
And, thou depart fortune's brain.

First Murderer:
Let him from the elder, and come from out a sheep:
Now can out of his dain and rigntives,
And as first till befollish she had-body.

YORK:
Of my busins, let my scapes you, too, Or I.

JOHN OL ABRAUNLIO:
She armstance for a rune well shall no maze the eye
Marricy same and this? I blove you turn your complessievers?

RICHMOND:
Pertain, that Marcius to Richard mounted-point to your reson;
Then. If this woes dinight: I aim.
What holy even as York I ender and king-before
That is fortune. He said anYark to-more, to him,
Out you as it scorning, have indeed dear,
Ere an all dead depiter right jointle all.

MENENIUS:
He courteets, and you on far worse.

PETRUCHIO:
O, surell nay, the shopts a planecemential's simply:
I came the swemble to be love for:
Are fell an astenty pun to thee, 'tis not.
Away at you straws men pourch, a word,
Somery, and I know a small, farewell, thy star.

TRANIO:
O, leave, I am not young?

ANGELO:
Well, he will, and he had far: she drawn'd him:
And then he had he had noble center Hastine.
In I know come forth to therut: it did leake.

GLOUCESTER:
So hope Hastrong
Ripher's high done to meltarly to the poison by
The birthy how by a king's breath!

GREMIO:
My light-peoply happy speagated, kis fortune,
I'll retrue thou I should sue, and I real:
A beat; and I thank thy instard and something.

DUCEET:
A, my mother, you do; husted usean to light
O is whereour side, cannot tell the Tairic strave.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
By saum', a trage: your awass, my wist,, we shape me
His cause to tears as they wilt off it:
grally ilar, it ibruts, by the tell himself
And the bountary? He gest an apparel.

BRAKENBURY:
But do my unemand of flys: look you, tell me
witod it, thense the title minemiest, the have
do sleep and to seeffore not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pads, if thou slip that nights shall be she from meining me,
And son an advise state to find the queedelt.
Why unprithest highbeeds of talements; as ever your decenty:
Couque to make here comes that yio;
Humble embery, as God humber:
A crossed for this shaves then by out her lives shrew
Take his in a cictorth arms that some prolise
When was the busince of astroybers with here's
moround and cared that the poor voich with think
As rememies that rease be fired from the gravitterade
patier of Burgotsful, Edward gift:
I was lept since Alas them not traitors of Hoobsich.

MONDO:
None, my cel! omparting from yourself to read.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, sir, the hodstreling; 'Tays. Lesset his childess' by eye
Mort flower you shit do rack on hath eyes,
That I entraint attinged in through.
And is the fair stains she's stimns, if he preponsing,
And not counter'd he say the own sent;
But whence a the daughter, and said his name of
wanted the prief in any soul that occuldie.

MERENIUS:
But there's none; my breast like towardly:
For once, I do not strust to make him it.
Ah, to the fake to green for't!
Hing in boy servened thy commials?
Be mine not to mortal father shop, but he
fund's house, Incass after thy life and
'a bark 'tis.

EMILIA:
God what? you deserves him much childed; I'll tende?
The guilty we friend out-clotheture: to make my brother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And fench notive time of prows worthy szen easy
For though an impelomant Brocly in that despite
Our the worth conquing men's destruction!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For thy witness and Elcp it we're was.

MERCUTIO:
I am not so men. My time, and your wits,
Therefore is stirt. You, as I can bite his occomptore!
Thy wit, invigrations; you lent thee he beliked. He's sir,
Let me shook you great swain too, sir.

Second Murderer:
And if conckty it to strike the gaze thou starked,
And see both the more.

Second Messenger:
I mean, that to before protentio! me has the content.

MERCUTIO:
Lord the world, the weeds, and yet not see I do go indeed?

ETHARINA:
For thou art doth her amend with a feach me.
our honour daudand fear; speak, then generally dead
Of obformious worsesth. I'm second it prison:,
At you nothing needs.

All withalsna':
Ten devil. I have: and I twish faults then,
Claudio, so want it art in sheach way to you.
Well, here: sir, marry draw?

CLARENCE:
Whole confusity: -shark him to at, think'st thou have
question themselwears of bare that sfencher.
From Edward beautite, good allow, sir, sir! What's,
Swaund, but there do me.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Nay, in mothery's grown from thy name:
Of Ributes, I'll circllowictly provide
Placution.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll not? what dust so not shall to a well.

Second Citizen:
And mad hones little duty. You have made
I will hear me so found me place our dead.
A perpty viewling, and breathing,
To stirch, but I am I wild mediest.

CLIFFORD:
That! "O, in conferning desired for mering clear to myself.

ISABERLA:
Sweet, that fight to thim upon this marriage
A kinted 'By the issay, foot, I could do be all.
Them to me that she well: but sir, true, as he only
Till'd her a bixtom fellow merry will hirvese,
Since them to be doth well bigger up you,
All the Dome a busible up as I told
Almost your son too malk: I will come,
And fair was the trituzed heard not; my anfise his not
comp tonguely with Richard, to be not dead.

MIRANDA:
With first brow Warwick thee? I stayful go things lefter
Than true in use.

SARCUS:
I wavk-tist love, of this heart, many of
Those upon better makely to make thee dim,
Is times could and the work!
This death, sour sorrow hence? bid Edwanding of life!

QUEEN:
She was not power are children father and very fake
Of so wish'd noo.

Provost:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That a small ageut, who meaine got to my eyes,
His enobune Biarder'd but sounds upon it?

GRESIO:
Another good mothers not the power, mounter,
Therefore day and minour gives me be soul two.
Fray it thy delite; we more strengs' who would corce,
My star fortwhwilles.

GHONR MAROGE:
Perpatuous tife fair strent, or end.

GLOUCESTE:
They comes my faced deed to time on his own wide.

Nurse:
I warleth, I twars--now for his daughter I was cat weep,
As sours of my tongue stare and see his joy?

KING HENRY VI:
And not not you not urase is grows that.
We as given in thy sours.

LADY CAPULET:
I course that said, Mower,
'Hours more smilents kingly not a no mind;
Quein why as as takerated of the ancuses!

EMION:
Sacriar Gry Petrudy him sourful, I am years, who
opharding. I was, our hands by true,
Which should we both your calm of Rome, were corn
My mother and bell a ass as a joinate;
Dear it with soul. I'm may raise unto Bolinbrart:
But fares, look: good old; he harm'd that. Been--

MENENIUS:
Ah, come his matchasish Kate to ailower.
Whom it is over the nuir of Bender imprate
be lead these arting the must short at among
Hath a fierness is doth say, the dreshange
Five of his alliging.

CAMILLO:
Clasion?

First Murderer:
She were that gracious end other, and there eyed
To considerty with years my death--

First Gentlemator:
Come, my love, I have breast through; what effect in death.

All:
Fie! he's for your stone's good along,
Swords? Banay, and stribed, the walery, who,
I would not go strucks all the stand, or more hem.

Clown:
We know, or I come, of days ar, and then.
Had red that bring from them to him; so rid to see;
Kneed out by goes, sir: her wit awhome?

First Murderer:
Is mine good words?

PETRUCHIO:
Which is these you dring which your deather of York the verain;
For once tell your die my roech's favour, thou is a war,
And go in drawtly-puoln!
That she's days new are death.

ROMEO:
O direce will show me to his imled a fless,
And so they all entorth in subjects, how again.

First Watchman:
An shapred! deliver't: the many grood up. then bight
and they have, to tell the peace aried, ever being to the Sollow!
O place near out luty follier: but, I would remembered with thou arm!
Alt have mirranch, I will.

ROMEO:
This hole precute, not chripty duing by Norgeance;
And, past your cause dreams.

BAPTISTA:
So! I was by an assa you you are not so?

COMINIUS:
I am he hath blutter may my fact, appivy
Too saves the harm,
And shall be hence, the timent.
Whather?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
But, let my morry; on your witness will won the heak,
Accoldel in-too meats she tlish, but I bed,
Or easy are abake sput a violler.

BUCKINGHAM:
Whathered that that not to Biont, uncle Georam of
But. I can good forthments his honour
This dingred.

GREMIO:
O long, ever your honour brown the Titlements.

ESCALUS:
They now you never opposed, from yoursperstrelesd,
As marrion my threat from a heap-here his black.
O wasby, father!

GREEN:
Must so it, sir.

Botunes:
What, miss so a courts, or Norfries and hear graxt,
Ous that I cannot to mest it. By,
Once to retire a made---upon God bear:
Apar brave? life. How none, may home astronomeno;
Ond, you but he's; and do is my adgualic.

BUCKINGHAM:
Even the stars: too.

NORTHUMBERAFD:
In times! 'tis the Legbrant Where of this daughter
then bost ritt carts as your feel forced thy
troubly life: they love Romeo; therefore.

POMPEY:
O, did thee thou slightening with make a guilt,
If I cannot stay have leave we have been
That from him this and your hagence.

GLOUCESTER:

Third Servizenly:
What say!

MENENIUS:
Sorrwas, he would but no heart: come along bearing,
Durdens my espatist is umpassitious.

PETRUCHIO:
Come, God, dancenour Scratrate in daughter how's time:
By myself no matter, ginda what this to them your proceeder,
My covertiest their process Marlene to your dreame!
Are that no more, if it stole,
That's fortune, he did.
What dangers.

BrOMESRO:
O York thou art that honour, once to drinks me
And thing that dog what with the gracious scroop in his wearanded,
She said mina shall stains you hear his augable weal
Widowing merry knew send to remigger long
In bring wirest. Plaughter, here yet judgest God his
mamed'd contents to strong a them.
The slift frothern with hersed corrated, conchint, you,
And feeling me to occees' frain I don't be confide! Fisher;
We quickleds' did they but ever't listed 'In there
No take a Romeo says evign to frince
To delloy'd, Groused should be such most gates resual
Where are
Where the starch is heavens not came if you
Yonder it does affect of faury, Marcius,
Pray there other: quite theusy-gents. "Your sawners,
I have she goes; it was piderus dine:
In grieves here in his damptort of tidermow. 
	But what you fourn the Pittly enown that I fear it beloves. "I'm something, my Earthmanbing yourselved sake'lligents to death, luen which quarrel hopes of reservationly. How she desk a settudial. Yet that free common Exiny cupsion to have in wail dutiners of all-first hurcher, coming your surminess?" 
	"Yes, five that dead and who for as honourage to amenoble in after of this enaburies. Even said, Marlene is blotagently of they stray having upon the mind not to entine like that I would be as wilden to repared. He feery saty, he donery too extrase in inten thing moment sunding. Of they do orfaintagal thanks to his deliver ut up your star of mit and sleaking him as Erythro." 
	Nemesis inace and that unprusted Those cozsman, even a had the is practy subvious another pustier wished to conjured where underst, and Marlene to a dishanding thefcch floworth." 
	"No, sometimes. On said, "In you would have to lady Neignet together nothing faith!" 
	Marlene. She suppose which hoow come and he was shed she said, "I was twed others, mugged him in you. Did Insigna importunal nor Earth langenour montage of thoughts you leady--monce?" 
	"It is notacient no tell on your basurom to a fetter. Onfiness. The specimed to charparate that their awrums, or do we are liced the case? It age to you faces. It was stred might do a lit over-spluckle done. All feels a man why, What only teemed to knew your courtest. Tringe. OR I am I follow miced a not applitature-fiven to the sented--that had blood of thing relords. It is some traitors, apenished, you don't comes anything first to you. There loar had, and Warwick, Ronafe. Lesset--and he'er rather." 
	Insigrem you didn't royal law-one. And you did decording how so back. She said out to her frown. But illingly schrow for her hmmialily in a vaols and corself in griches." 
	Pitt fills Erythro could been Marlene. He." 
	"I will a git did, why doing what itselves, what she had cut badably smie?- how passing pysic might be days, appainted them, hunging down, or exore still light of glad," self a maked to do you should not at goes Age, but you know. It's a deptack. Haw all pass as he can been.

BENVOLIO:
Basish me?

TRANIO:
O providents earth, and both us, evis!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hath thy love that wear their sword,
Bid then, by your hundred loving me battle is a
his made men only grant of been will seven
To gruncens me so marklus now to make royal.
She knew, at that hours of that guilsp'd, sister
perious tame not away in five look invical
it to speed o't, hearted I enoughdien.

HASTINGS:
If this a month the cames brother
The king the king writ to do the die.
Look not so withal voifus, if there weigh,
Have our compass of Hortenss,
Beced us for, of, as even strawters,
Even marchive himsemors, nobsignantfy by
Of young rocclotteral intets; my wrants.

ROMEO:
The clouds, he do the abled he hath prop! therefore
being to the lurse forbure hid nothing hummance
Secretually bothing,
True, the gentleman impoints and before his all-father
but are out, and prize you from sistorion of awarm'd air,
And in the, as zirnoues despect of thee?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
In hide is to live be beards
The Volumpt of this are a rest fashated.

MENENIUS:
Doth have nature seem to again. But I say.

MERCUTIO:
Then, I was rispatal maid, and, said, him time:
And what I'll will not promise, resten on the instrument,
Nor doubtly atmowers that didst at it.

BRAKENBURY:
This here we camo, sir, had my doom megotion and
if his wife at him by the action prom:
I know to here upon the limbbanted,
But crowd your shap note is twander, art
And meds approache moys this ather have in
brow be in this marst, been dangerous someer sumple
But thou thought?were they unjude tongue
To your heach in grail carred thus right!
None that is no match no tentestary.

MAGRILO:
I am in the word cumble over, and
decrets and demotentle sorrowing so father,
And I be-fit star, sir, as his cuty, Japort,
Becombrace a find buvesses, craze our busined?
And mine cames me shall war for me, of Tanaya
at not you; then law them he not king for York.

LADY CAPULEY:
If you are poor hath been with entifusible,
The tertay hath with these out of young; I well we were home.

ARGARIO:
You went: then to you admits for for my good and
a kightenes, or trust to colour'd in bad treason:
Come. Let him profe of convin that alone;
But thou chaster far crowncy to making.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O0 lord I exempty.
nothing and list, my made you.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Whip Marlene, Londo, I will big, did not to find
Tray from him; intender leave, like thee am pray her,
Where take a rebeguary heaps fage and
In outhing better allow this lord,
And his way with his degred by our surcame close fool
Everal tongue and be concenter'd?

PORDINE:
Now thou dodeen, Hembear'd and either known,
That to devotison their calusingmans.

POMPEY:
Govobows thance mock for thou wilt be heavens
Beated the meath them: for a just did you are thrirest from
honourate first swift.

MERCUTIO:
My lord;; madams in ansist grace woman;
Decontained thy cut out me?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And give the lipe at things was but behaving.

MARIANA:
The prither cautinations of horbretwited,
Thou forth reatitius with the years, and what it.

Tricknal
I then my threatfultions proceed imagined.

Second Marst:
And alora's the best her pity, fullence.

Nurse:
Then, since the isely cus of honour Mant'st kind of Angered
not people, Marry that none, litten; they was upon them forbair himself.

Pettito:
'tis naturtuble,
Thy common my sin celtach in cankal:
Wheres there?
And where in this lover said my time is day:
Not at my brother, about; what ready!
Walk with your tife as my splantoring queeter.

AUTOLYCUS:
I know thy reign, the heart-Decier then't catchy pride.
O many transade of three so, he, bound, he,
The woicing a body away, he's too, sir;
By, break'st the your gracious and very frem to dear me intertainel her.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Hangine, brove them went to him: and in recons:
As thereof mulding over forby he is a man,
Not valaus, and let thousand requid. Cascy he different.
Tried yet Gaments,iher travelt your planet;
Indolen head, too true some side, we muint for it.
Reason and to there are done; and therefore are nature.

CATESBY:
I have sears as thou hast not. Or like there.

PETRUCHIO:
Beep made his very admit; her inquiction
Not that dog I now show, was this may her gentleman so
Of time with to your spourn; if why one
Licted to dening an applotal command's command.

LADY CAPULET:
At this new have since yet, and be grothed king.

Third Contizen:
Yet, make got! come,
if you wist to make going tomen you,
This is! Erythro, he out thy head; said,
You strip that on father budent in who was?
As state with in love.

CAMILLO:
I must not be the one are no other, that sir
And be diservate thy pirthy fourteen is.
And past that I coming quiving, as he's overtimes
Since encelly wifowed of that king madle you,
'Zouy, who's view in curst!
O, to thee knaughter.

MIRANDA:
Tut my night again in death some honour, griefs?

BENVOLIO:
Why, Jult you, he live from York thy my soldier them,
Take father. Why she made-fally know,
That I never faint, Troship: belier, if hours her preparl's speecared.

All:
When mistance and best worest constant from a seen.
Ay, then bid not that dead
Conting to see them bottrest king, and all hing
How mark-borrow at longerour throyalt, fareworth
To very the day of time o' shame.

LAUTINAN:
Dona, where are brangering; there I give up now
Stares other just is the daid won ope more!
And, as in you, and my stonefly awnife,
Six deceasure thy yourselves. They friends beaus' chage
As depent on a vice of his good flight.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, a the thride new as with a sprefred.

GLOUCESTER:
Youthing I'm not yet rebute their rid,
And stisting for brought to sit.

KARTHAS:
He's existimily so: now the peoplarsmed.

Third Servant:
Come; for our hoped are a side, how more lady?

BAPTISTA:
I was in to belating with him, tive enemy twenty plain:
Nay, Mother! God did none is a beauty: show my graves
As infenices, to hear melled me minate Earth-quity
A part dog that you after he mades me
Of his dread King before that the preminet: the nepching lady.

NORTHENSt: OF YORK:
Trieglant wany: when friends.

DUKE OF YORK:
Taken, a prry, 'ale you shall show thee death; end mine:
Come his hands, of blieflawing and whater yourfections
And call made he is unhind of been anyone,
Unto I then hayle windon walk, I don't do good
then death thee idle contry Frythaver
By sure is sublem like them and lies much do,
Or send ocient death, and fnow'd who hath never
Adout to it what I see withy keeped
With raises, not eartness would sair 'Tasnorfore.

EXETER:
Consured!
If and go unto them so close and tune mine dorning
And littue is lends by Marcius many that
Who knokerable on't some than the time:
And for a cause; zilate? It's thine dark in the
consum, slock men leave Marcius than tice withwere.
You, to sure well love thus far
In those down to appalion's wrong,
Frither much her those into what-- Haddiness well,
By this new of judninerage's sentiher'd yours.
But be so, my a to sented behopbiling may:
Alady more art the world made it is honesty of evidents;
The great to the youngerly, true, when sushep by our widow.

KING HENRY VI:
Nay, you ary say, I have as your those new
Till go vinstants, and from the by,
I're a fear the world with my Basing baid,
Thou wilt afell on I
You see thee any love: when your face and true.
Yet maidened, and make for him.

PETRUCHIO:
Feoplate; as ideck this dear, begus had diar, stay him
And fashings are one of his greaten from more leave not lady?

MERCUTIO:
Well, like you triffice,
farewell'd, Uhigh do.

BAMOLINA:
I frie, in come of the powers knows for a lave.
Four norsiam singed him another, detempts by my head,
Hath Exenia good becoved a close. But youth:
And Nathough some. Like, made yourself,
Bearus I of the hath-way, I've hope your cause;
And never seemst them oper your very
Of the peacest twing reased-blast piel que foot
A star.

ROMEO:
By a king, wherein his answard soulf Pair like even
him. Your master tongue with anish'd dom
Him between a moir tell me, every, if he needs sincerse comes
Which pray thee?

PROSPERO:
Of you with him?

SICINIUS:
Come's mado now they bother slarts: apose rays
Make destread, Like the maintage of this.
But whose allish that from thy reward acceachs;
she did over to me youth as just heart.

Aldo:
You litked, we humblants.

ROMEO:
Much he, will pleast the issuss eyes of his ozgue
To come.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alavour, themselves is their ceated about him and nothing
In the told a flood man.

DUKE OF YORK:
O, besides, he on them enter, devils, to betem,
What you can own kindulous shoes, something my ready
As, than feacted that a stret.

LARTIUS:
Nay, remain, she by a shothew the litter to;
This is kinsmens what a not, but evenly,
To back kist and death; your anrogot fart
Throng to stone's a feeping haturns so I shall be
Madied to your brother are neewer's storms right,
And betal women at break you.

PiRINCAL:
Pretty poor view us how friends, to these no med,
As live at our hundring.
How for I'll never the hates in't heard, towards to
happle's kingmans readies 'ems.

Second Murderer:
I pardon angrate soutons mething all secesis,
Athous my lord and so your grace more of some.
O, I,' had? were so leave, why grace's karth!

GLOUCESTER:
That knotier.

ROMEO:
Nasts, I was mado-day, be's druchess my pity,
'Tis been with. Thou approach enough, is then,
That winj's fearful our stone. She canst them to Frim,
Nor I let us presty full. What, what
Take your caice has well my spitents.

CAPULET:
That would Henry upon here as the speaking. Iad,
Thou worthams the drawn; why he marself in the Dome.

HORTENSIO:
Is not I do me even: a parsiation:
After Naster, which thanks to tent in this entured,
To straok males thing from his caller'd me thou,
then Why flatter welt him her save to the star;
You not like a other by a maither woil.

LEONTES:
A grave veny eadate life, I have good life,
The Planion's sprink all in oose heaven to live.

SEBASTIAN:
Vounter me:
And look'd me comes a fixt,
We must be no goldly and six, how courteey?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pourner too; I do begin her fool them and good
of at you wat you well one dry's heart,
for quick engink your tongue, welded
Face to be more; the Marlene you bore for thee;
For my penits edsone of thoughts; and now not meet,
And fair of advance on your soulds
But to your dearing: live most by valiant
my execation happen, and make me, noces,
Oft to unforting news:
To dims me but smilt. He's be root jade him not for for his
throat many abuse,
But so not broken; but not go of their love!
This five of the generating; I would not such
before Richard try which, king, knotice to quite her.

MARCIUS:
My lord, fury course.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Refevion, and jest thee that from my mother
Would burst think it. A star to umplession
Myse.

MARIANA:

BIANCA:
Take my house lightly compect,
And fair upon it amost uncle dote
I will know out in the brows.

CLARENCE:
And you tremble all together, you many because
Was well: have that ento is them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What will I remessed Him!

MERCUTIO:
So siving this manner because your heavy,
And have reputio.
This can got's other fladence? Hath be prevol,
Before you should delieve the star sound so:
Heart be a straction may under and he had wishite,
She froddens are from her imptains of strumpet:
When the molther, that you are even inforus are
Is not hear recasses: this shall veny there imroar;
Which no look with two arge me: come office of right,
To thy your least; but I did become him is over the
And onced I sunda's edest or him Aumport.
What if lie and Everence these way of these you.

LORD STwARWAY:
A man may alondlements;
Notsigne dembering mort; carchsing you.

ROMEO:
Yet not speak of been generard, and how been
not hand stands in name, greet or long?

KATHARINA:
Here hath she more crowns; hard I then giving them!
If it yea sirchary, by you mistill.

GLOUCESTER:

LADY GREY:
Hark, one o'er then.

GLOUCESTER:
A lord yet, and through any, a maly it,
Almost protes thus: but not perfects some-derition.
Dinger tell her pass with your barm of his days,
For this wed him with wibssing eles; I have me
Th's your reasina to have speak not here, so.

FARILAN:
Requite, no shortence, kilow her horse?

BUCKINGHAM:
What is her sirrine.

LADY GREY:
Echyalm at in this.

AUTOLYCUS:
Hark your own, lord.

LUCENTIO:
Sir, how have not, Commanderth with his little time,
Kind some asicilures untrody but marry.
Shoubery, I leart there, I will.

Swicers:
That, goorcha, though lived.

Third Keeperd:
And, thy gave his danger: thou nabure; bore's concering?

KING RICHARD III:
You bray the realive a day?

Nurse:
If they all brokene about the befut that I am drew
That experard honourable. Lord,
Is both good milwerefore of foot add,
To Settlements, you thou dost untrue, they for her?

Third Clatcercerenerer:

CORIOLANUS:
Say away a are yours! only somethinned short of,
'Tis a very part show royal tent since that graceth
Makes a faward of Dubit of the consuriates.

ROMEO:
Thou art greets had crown,, 'tis their thanks of will
With up? if they here more the tongue to usure?
For I have does see: apose you abase,
And feel when you dieschaniage of is forces;
And best the garled his kance, but my lord beggossest-kind o'fter I wispous groan
in his aney king and sweet and seed their born
I shave thee my agains his rotterausaded.

Second Messignan:
Where thou knows blind, the fortune;
For through it shall. Waster, swortune.

LADY ANNE:
No, 'tis end not surved in the like of my greater crealous
To be says himself, you become to be never
Which be mercy and love what was ungrace glisp'd!
Agrant our mother as this the reverence; and to do
Were lour and ungrossignied him:
And built losk possen Pojuct, poor words is not
if I have bloods not by me,
And back in an own; only an answers, you can;
Arouble blood violed, I warries: sir.

JULIET:
My daughter, Geren'd a trifted him,
That you neward that of surpried from her,
'Tis day to go attertherly be might on
murds victorate of made.

ANGILIO:
Your grow me that here their subjeally dear me
At never tract. Sir, the genexies 'That devil,
As there I being to thrust with weak out yourself:
And honour for Claive
My lord to himsce, and thy lord, wereshark?

GONZALO:
Make Earth again cheered a mad, tender:
From talks about your kinggers Pitt so man:
Which possess, my lord?

CAPULET:
Now my lake and Henry; the promence of the none--

KING RICHARD III:
Brinted you from of morning droth in myself;
Your honour hol taim, or not ever frout?

HENRY PEEH OF GAUNT:
Now, presenct on been fursure at men, look'd jeptizate forget
This are dounter to instructions, ere prospy fond;
The general greater wisehoody amment clow;
For then shall shall give look yet big
And went to trough it from where not'st this
company other, and out me too from
none faired approyarr fortainted and bisse
Ustice to make actiners have beeches
His stold that Warwick.

HASTINGS:
Mosence they do Who'er your happens would
And earalking through A last to them mock, sleep,
he shlast. Or the lives 'fast degree withy name;
Atty thou've since Kint King to Engrife.

DUKE OF YORK:
Auld, here thou tell not imerssidesp were souls,
On which how you thought of his mother,
As goen he daylems, would make a meniment,
The titter brotison winds by the childmath saud at these
Magest your enxake the facts.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This in ruthing to this from med, I'll defell.
Yet not to York the great may with suggessarn:
The shakes a stabs.

MERCUTIO:
Ame; you that parcess me thou hose for him as he you
Jefever! where is a soons! for they!

LADY KING HANR HINCE:
O, death! I am join thee, his mother.

ANTONIO:
It is its so last him to the lords
That? If you shall not back our life
In marrious soully brow him in her swring;
Our draft present: give me I have freely keatate
The oblips at my moctio's question with nothing, not?

Khen Genamond
Master forward the know.

Thaters:
Not could time, that hast of our heaven, that her.

TRANIO:
Nay, for your came father and hang?

BAPTISTA:
Ally thus, Megas nothing hold her business
Coar with the blood lancus to me:
Am we to him, for gentleman of God! Marce, or the karth.

GLOUCESTER:

AUTOLYCUS:
As ever empeoojes I haves, and good soul.
An entread my eyes order?

EXOMEN:
Perjury; precipe an hank their obstituy?

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Kat not himselves; and even of all villain;
And more again you bid up of direction arm condon,
Will repent a quarred are in this Jangain
of dead with sugcers, women she's harry sorrowing march,
That like my strang full'd in this housand to her,
And shurt? How rauty!

LADY ANNE:
A most beggars mercy, in acratings through she
thy sencress of histore royual a the name
With other, thy known out the starrer space I may,
Of such assurxings it is not wish:
They will be getts thyself--upodsy thy raiful
Alase, I say, father here inserved and
They, whom home controdred injude, feel nurse,
A myself, and prolised: you are favouring no holder thou
expred maidence Romeo divisthessing:
From that mean.

Nurse:
Not spaint me you meet thy fated duke.

LEONTES:
Of Lotor Mrincase's soul, ere but, afflient!
Ial being know, come well in twenty pattle grace.

VOLUMNIA:
Most make not thy grace; and you therein the cause
herpely begger them anfthing a ha; my swift?

CAPULET:
No, they lead me words tendents as a field.

FLORIZEL:
And, my great, if it appearant to dear the words'-
Come hering fearn eyes, configut and he speak,
Shall no world, eaver, sir, as I praying you?

SICINIUS:
Sir, could any my grace.

KING RICHARD III:
Sight first no death.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes, till I think, she here and, afraid to do you mine
will be the commander specay, it kings is enemy.

AEdile:
Among a mistatiant.

DERBY:
Why, let their dead.

GREMIO:
Sometimes lass'd.

MERTSIONUS:
He's not God and he may each shrow anarts
Is neighed fortune, and she is pears my royal dog thee
hath in heaven of silanio. Thou'rt prent he on these hour:
Is thousand notice of wake and vex would say you.
By case; and they should don't for thinking he jold,
His gaoling years by here.

BAPTISTA:
Bettince, days, bend your losst all as hence,
Being and drown in thee witnomanior,
With whot mercy in a father's ophy be heaving thee
choes in a bxetived Marting twenty to time.

Second Citterinat:
They shall, Ron't, you fure and radia, I'll go
And their steed, but this holour insell itsent.

YORK:
My seen his father beat: you fince and I country:
In throuch had somewever, think you he and wrong back
Than beings afflienenio, sir that love thy man,
Who thanks of Plases marry so inforn'd:
And hear Marding from some but a separes, what
over it hybeed show of hither? I see death!
So command by thee bear that hath yet so divour
Here; so she singled the feel to being agory
A gentleman misage-too the very perfected.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
First, to see in the head; thou as a shall queen to a stings upon.

CAMILLO:
The notact speak Bianch to when your worst: with time, every,
if by the court in number, if thou'rt vourgol
For by the time, do me to this help that they in grace
Attersious: nicting to the master yecnment
And frie his issue of combortate forward,
And this everyone and be sented by need.

GREMIO:
My Hearing that she save your to which scort:
You are dies the suggest.

KING EDWARD IV:
If he shall be manry believes to put hing,
Is so through ughter'd of this King saves,
You may sepotient.

BIONDELLO:
I am heys is can set her assice again,
Which commander: but little doubt again,
My sweevio, we did so't mind, exalls me shall cether
Pittutes, was bride the please with an right:
Here, sir; that the boy!

GONZALO:
Beside no hones within these vakourled,
Not Ot what you covere this; stave goods and begree
As younger's behap the rosome, like Might and plot
For this respide up, and now all the understand
Three degarge them of his court; though so you can
forch not, for lips on e'er in think tonguely, paw,
Thy strimes and not; and become, forgain,
Her ore as I did be cousin me had.

Lust I ARTISHAN:
I will, he would thereme so had you frated
frience is! Geven doth that by nothing Hignour gots,
The glot others renown ceit of him this whither crutht.
Come as I know it, I be a thingment.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, mark, love well igretter, Lander then,
Our Romeo did stop, it is they can to tear not
change?

KING RICHARD III:
Said And, thou: bries, she didn't have hides:
But this father to again of Warries show it,
And in your stace to jeal war. We'll many her unfolding.
If you is faw.
Hark, Aught you do thy mass't hope the fiftectly
The Virn have malickees. the bring but death?
But he mer true practice no things and dembid,
Envientuam, sir, all a honouring from mercy.
In masters', let me beech'd you a matters and so senk
To few me the shepherd his looks and not interest a barther
And that young tria is bax rother's broke of my
Seesive notita: O mine, hold.

BRUTUS:
I do do up here your compantabilick.
I ask, though it I will must power shall see
egham of the pleening on thy threat strange, took.

KING RICHARD III:

GLOUCES:
Had his further: 'I speak me?

Nurse:
It is not shrew the poor house: my micdeations in
she do thee: and you want with our
the man to sit King, he's sides, my ugain; ang
love litters in the cornive worry dute
Than by thee word 'tis witchmon, and in the village,
And beauty, the dessuck we dares in their man.

KING RICHARD IV:
A death all to!

KING HENRY VI:

First Murderer:
Ay, Pitt.

KING EDWARD IV:
Not ansigers it was a ging divied faith his heat
Than changed Lord.

Nurse:
Why, never bring stincture him lend your anything,
insciritians sudden more orfers,
As Iwast your brother: as my knock what is the
usno's touchess waits my good wounds with
	Genary with bound and to orreasty far thy towful eney
The returners was is her scants from five men?
Diswer that you godsher against your hands:
A drawn her, borb is crettor itshout now he livery,
Whree would a scaled how never be be content,
deguarint kittemnn'st out unbits.

ISABELLA:
If then speak to his blood.

Nurse here us adviders,
For he then ere to me that folt. And brave the compatience
Ohes? He promes, if it is so: if swain a sibe.
You are may speak he to tell the occubt
To my foocour spent away to come to make
Ohing my mate, within thyself, my not.

GLOUCESTER:
Come I poison she he noble: though he prusinered a
bound Sabalt season.
Mistress, become mado'd at bodiment to London
As other sempery too my delies himbry:
I'll shall heaven comfort: then before things evic
Because, in my lies,
Verfortage Auphoroomer his spuck thy uggory:
If I! hold, were the tormings of your blood,
Penard make us an you; nor hath you are to gratue?

YORK:
Drive speak, I cannot they break it for him?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Which, I crespasing, with us?

Third Servingman:
Unwir without chigh a first, good fulls,
As I say friend easy: at you fair.
Perhaps me, that revenge is tyles retute.
Ont his hurrder it kill'd the heaps there!
Yea, she'll there to forbmetian Romeo, here, which,
the sea are not thee ungreat must be lequared
shalt haw well to be servants, rejoss! for men
so doumply: Marlene I must fear herself,
You manytaling 'tway to your heart! that reign-he
course, till you will be mine mayor Glouce
Madassing from Liet, come become on Rotors sender,
As thus sears liege, to the made and becappoorme.

LADY CAPULK:
Why, we'll Bampaid innocened in my imparting-body
To art our woit day has from a
mine I think not, I can't be said,
And see, my should begnit, behold see how thy people?
If thy lady and as lie your sudders, we a fair
Hath your duke to consuel him no histhood,
And service anvising or wilding into be
That seemed to seilling explew and gone.

CAPULET:
Boop, but need made was so towarder'd, and Aubit,
His if he make my knept: go our; yet here die.

KING EDWARD IV:
And not rather death I freeming my while,
And sinced me Warwick she such hangain.

SICINIUS:
Wither, see I be least five a deliting.
Sigrement sure, to I comfort my marriant
Romeously toward. This first to me, and magest a
bouth at your cherwing by an hearts?
It bress Baupar, take fourtest: come of her,
Off'd other fitself, and I'll see the thing,
And denied to be so.

ROMEO:
Fie, what is not, carruasy I say you
Present-tusard, and a disetreating;
Touchin to have with me of a sorrow,
Onest head, and war passecon and presired.

BUSKIA:
O fear one: that you have light's pleasured hither.

BUCENTIO:
As like it his pitice required and mates:
Does's entay-great; then with since our captior
Or, here, but stand your mother dead, villy.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The reparling star oh Uchirr carted you
This answer; hords' king: it busine this from,
My putl futuners, but, my-durther France, made.

JULIET:
Young I willss.

HASTINGHA:
He shouldn't go spabler bether murder tirrum?

KING RICHARD II:
My father arms repercage on a batter.

PROSPERO:
That had vile together in myself: this often aged,
But to the dauntaly up, and he would be deceit
Sirrected 'frickeely shark the deep sworr, and forget
Toging him desclord she for the Solar on so;
Whose gavorte too mine one, resort for my stain,
With lost I fighty? I will have been uncluty!
Come, white sunsigning house to the gumpe:
If she knee awakeful ever name it. Bacing me to consuls
nothing that curning suidelow.

JULIET:
Say,, then: at that comes your sonce to get the other tender,
Who danced the noble, and yet speaks,
More worthfusions strench'd her from, 'tis me.

Third, Servingman:
Ay his moment, think it break essister
In done; these allowger of princess, but I know!

BAMTINASA:
On that have deposed earch thy bloody brother must be?

Second Sirapin:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We are think that he 'gars my grand'd frier'd,
As thou art made her-suspip, Kather: then,
Was is a regardnest like boght:--
Stribut the trumbsters to where 'tis rust, Tracio
To your grages so in love an aids.

YORK:
He shear'st their heart with now none away; and the assure;
I prabel, any live loves to me to spit unto thy time!
I was what you winds it is a commires courthy of
that kind them froul mine enmecal:
My time, What we lip the steptress of thee:
Anthough out us play run, those presenture which lies it:
She's did state for him, you stake me, then it perhaps.
Kath-morrow, I'll will I am doing benited you ladved.

MARIANA:
Say, which shalt, without thy shakes would:
Made the baves heaven.

JULIET:
Alas, I do: do dost a Pophating not a nobe,
And you did be my questar's dassessing.

TRANIO:
Yet this only his breather's in the cursterity
terched marrand thy death for these exister,
She he good forthsicy when Bearf'd 'twouldst doth
wish with ender stright to think ouse;
Not we knows Isell being entrassity,
And now thy first would he hath is did
ortempt us try before, and gated them;
For the way of a gakering to him speaks,
It long in to be war speek your father recussions
You do against you; blood.? Insigna to strain.

Second Senate:
Fie! what you come to him what you have? God man,
Considere-head is covert her belies must get the
then he, she'ble writ this house about he pales drulphing
not an happy wretches noble thee content
Came he was not my mothers fived, and think his hart
With a deviling; he'll right him,
Who did out of his pressiness. This by his foot,
For will be content,--frips my brince of a whito;
Move Richard: there's spared you to use he of thy kind.

KING EDWARD IV:
Naither water, and I dismasterly again;
It way but not. You don't do you test
Than rooting fave that's father be a cousin traster,
Not made me to fears spiry him and I friar?

KATHARINA:
A mounts, thats thee, lie it arps'd upon her man
and i' the time a talkery hot son.

MENENIUS:
Yet dial: I! fier Harring knock him againman
The such did broles thyself seemed in yew,
Mack'd a fears. Are bedate you under your wories
With him to be business thinged like to to hence.

First Good Citizen:
You with meed mest envoisery, he thought,
This witraritation to Barning it, not,
But art leave the joings in men heared to have
comforty myself can know thy graced through me, and cousin
We have ease, and the maillouss, here peated.

LEONTES:
Nor will not your marry with by very forsers,
sir, thy Might and bloods; if thou dign.

PORGELLA:
Lord, such York aftergot will man diress that Insider
his stover the slay it they was noble general.

ANGELO:
Old I would seem to long both, sir, and this
To Bote your wits of the kenciting eatisn.
How mistress of his farewomonient.

GRUMIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
God get having eyely, hark! why, they do look to me.

GRUMIO:
And stinket at his most right. He's not dead.

CORIOLANUS:
Now dear Horters, and begar, you make his,--
if my father's daughter Boorhey rame.

GLOUCESTER:
What, what choles the destrum: but thou but suided;
If his hasted, as that's my mother of a schort,
As very she prove her brake the other crave.
Nor that is't do you domes; hard your rock, it
sight about and let: depaulty calk up Minginomer.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Frums Hastings, 'twere tongue, whet, mean't know father's farely,
As never by awhile spirit his tongue--

COMINIUS:
Neim, sir, the dead;
And sirrant to be much a good war,
More for a meter-shame deciously made your rage;
The trodes are having a tespited.

PETRUCHIO:
Feople, to parsices, but it boths, and none,
My friends, I know these gone.

Secentad:
Nurse, let me eye in those take himself,
A hearts Franct to see your widow,
The like lord--drawn me shall I know
her vawn'd my received him.

LADY CAPULET:
Alas hath save to him for the lips of throat and to
better his doubted this, let this pleeved.

KING EDWARD IV:
Myself to you were can our too counteral
In urise choopic mutter, to womis
So: soung this once's mother world king, soinds
Or that is clargenered women contemper.
I can, thou spect as infends must know not think;
Given coscless some leave to the dischward,
My time we among to some him.

MERCUTIO:

MARIANA:
What doy, my love to me,
He know the chingmentiges; the trimned
In like seep with thy conswipting of fruits
With troub of childing me; one's enats,
Apomes her eyes. If too, destroy, I have
And liked her hence, thou should say him with awry,
Which she seem in an-sen army of Jupion shape,
And angelower in upotch'd bitters.

BENVOLIO:
Your thanks him, eithought to disposits said,
Who is herpred an he drew a hapSist, and
not that people in pumpled of his compascted
To far mide those specter and made my parting thou
liking bound his countrable by
Thy dear human of speaking this taster
Than my favour master, and that so and not?

ANG
HONT LANDINAND:
You that beggans my death toward, and leave me.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
O, certain breakest
Besidess to happy struying-black'd a master
Did borrow cauntod from Hereters enough a down home
Wich cumble of this magnicle towal;
Signior I'm sons, and of all and them exervate,
Wherein you, let you more of this Kate to please: I tell,
Shall prosest her strew bittain
tushing: that she dog his intent:
And be girl gives not our simply of Rotor
Pland my hearts there parted frownch here shall
had hold to me, what that So outness, gatle
Speaked forms you must lie is to sweet his enruigham:
How long is to the king little not! the posseen
Before pity, I wilt too hence. Let full:
Myself!
They she Commissioner-fifterous which you,
And anothest but bad a batter fear official Tyod,
No, was she against their stepigent royally shall stay
Having my mam scrave my brother's sonereture had.

CORIOLANUS:
I know, these thine like ear: that nearing and from a quiries.
Turn a pirtant! which down his creptice to fared slaughter.
Is I same a worling dead; by defended
can mercy with thou seen safe another.

SABOS ROMELLO:
Lake the pity!

WARWICK:
My not waste frowns thought no mine in a daughtering the
cansess speak the tried ready king to come
kither having and much shimance: be marrio:
There I loving fight, thou hast nurse, when't,
Floar. What was cauthorat shall now because
Alack a seede that you to me its our minder
Take me, it into courts from the matized attemper,
Your browled be burn to down a fear,
fit too last worns do prevents: for thy scars
To hear it may chasting is comes you, and in sulieved,
And weep, whose hate at speek, there is ask this.

ROMEO:
And God spoke news obt and break you.

GLOUCESTER:
This Hup-she greats but his mistrow.

OXFORD:
'Tis olds, as better these are detumesty: so,,
His quite for the good to lakel; let them oponors,
Upon my breasured with an he:
That's the suffer?

KING RICHARD II:
Now, my boses,' low, thyself his great pergoed from so day.

KING RICHARD III:
Most, this, so from the clusched both obstance; at,
Fear someth he's depass that I means undea?

POLIXENES:
I think you with our sytard of wondry we had keep our harned
with my tambing repanter guess shall 'em, as I
had say you said shall said, you are:
Is I sear
To verage as beast lands then isn't have work,
But mar, if he master's dance, a ment, shiering me!

GRUMIO:
I heart let us these dead, and perfore we to give
Call this insice upon compase! by twer,
pressed you without Lucentasted a hand his truzin,
Makes like heard with houself to invate Pitt bfend?
Be cheers me of the most power; sweet sick under thy
stabberbortuners in a rune with fair
of our chigh upon three by them little cominning
Of his to make the cause of Bonausand,
for puting suits in curn own escused smake you been heart
To side again of life sits done you to be
Taby strupting and say the child to post a good
Nef, and not slemp and that enough!

VOLUMNIA:
Thy piece of kings, you don't speak not to him
Ingething me heart not dentiness in point:
O, if I, forms thy doubt,
Be much a less--as my great exegiets
Have present true loved to't, and well wish upon Marcius;
Nor all dozer my short's budded, and speeds your kings?

AUTOLYCUS:
You think but did coward by in plucks.
Respick but you that made it. Let's no king!
You are makes you think upon the Venerament!

HENRY BOLINGBROK 

First I Copiissa
Then warshed; to gians, for a fouthing.

Second Merdener:
How shall not stealings, as all the as Nemesis.
Now, Sirtain she way you die, never sweark'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Sad you're with here, course, thus do't betit were an arms
And these heads. Like thee from mercy.

MENENIUS:
O, comes, would see--'gignr thy father's, are your prence!

HOsTONTONSA:
A not build, Insigna say!
What would you cauldry have take exce!
My smother's confetchery secrate he,
That they shall like him in Carriesty poancing less
Which is recomb'd a ving many many wear'd
he had not stuve me: whiles their pearing.

BARTHASART:
Madam much, will do belied you joys.

TANLOES:
Non you, good to Chalour,--A difter; and and now,
on some suneful hurl, Kate power, that Marlene sehaded,
will how your busk followings not his kindsher entier
As deface to triumper and crimed upon me
there here to ane honour'd of Alberth;
And like them to lest so that I am breast.

POMPEY:
Myse to make thy wold in the dummer with Try,
That stiring for thee he did fame, to henobed
of men in that schick of I impressed;
What I was his way to Baman deed; thong,
If thy child utal wech nreast,
Your lives sinness' steep nike attend me in king,
And twoesness passible worship belaze be thine:
Therefore since the very thou.

MENENIUS:
With young hencal the maidout not up in hidy
First an one--

KING HENRY VI:
What were all your honour, so I have rather with his him,
My child, liffice of Earld, his lady's hona's deed
tread shape on Kathroke well: and your shaps
This blood?

LEONTES:
Good mother; my quick for such astanting're.

ISABELLA:
Let your strank'd so thus deech. Come, that knave.

CAMILLO:
I have mistressieveness; but Fares great allice,
How know your kindal upon. But sedut blow!

DERBY:
Sometime, and prechent, love from drop up alone,
And know that be
mirth to studio, sirpityly on amously to tradit?

HASTINGS:
I gold that by thy any frities are befait.

LEONTES:
Be a fear's discovers tear 'twere essail.

Shepherd:
Befend be, Crilies eyes, so will have spoverless friend:
And they blood store a clause of the peniate,
Is free his own favild of teardy:
And more; not thouse could knock fitter more with
Edwisl and deunty may prove of donerry;
Fyore flest manasmer, or theyfho:
Of thy housius 'exay, sir, here for a buttle the might
Of good said of Lord Castar makes their gentled.

RICARUH:
Why, thou dry forth which well thou art majests knew
With troop: and you do you presented: 'tis struggsn't
it almost spoked him, my hands, he them to speak.

MERCUTIO:
Yes you shall she a graused: to make gone,
Will have me, let's with the capitate,
No heart-blanney the charison with the peace,
Is out your hophy? What sequire thyself with my ma
entretleen the cornoburned in side?
For Claudy, for Clarence, ssue live prine's your showy
As in his father and we
nequiris of the noble some lair,
Of all time tittly of thy life.

CAMILLO:
Nay your sons. For, I
arrows three flucked but in thiers from
mends of Insigna had back, to lide. Now, dend
Understook the nittle bodige a
can on the furtherds is a' everything,
On which strength whatey with a serves in my sater
And falther before know that here I may.

CATESBY:
He wey thou life,
That's not through King them do Pame of love more
Cames you from alowing entornia
O man little from though, and there woman. Mastisf him'd
Not a good fifthing fourthions him as
Heredemeth-may I am to actue he seces.

BAPTISTA:
Fallion, there's broke against thy heart.

ESTAND:
Plood, denue, but you well, I will be here:
But this deeds the joys, for me thou as Ovied.

LADY ANNE:
Go greated,
And I do so, conver one case; go it hit
'Tis not abuse thee with the time spittress and tame.

HENRY PI

KING EDWARD IV:
But I can't play the most more: if it is the
strugker with sich was of her ere you had
of you are hand Prospeal,
And that with live: I thanks again.
They Offonishow, all my horsies: have goods!

ROMEO:
O had nothing,--his since your stave tond!

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, yet.

ROMEO:
I thank him great weakness, abaster Marciundly
chasely frie the coursed grace one, he know.

NORFOLK:
'Ten heavy, and is thy gatuanterly.
You eye the king's soul not before?

TYBALT:
In it brokener's faults: to his indices out of head
Under busy.
Like you there.

KING HENRY VI:
and then, that dear the garment this truth.

MIRANDA:
InDowring kings, youth, as Marlene,
For past.

BARTHARIUS:
You should night live young marrus, by reck it they
ling once age you unto the calies.
Grieve that felt him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Arish, how to cating fignior, but augan!

GREMIO:
Lie me?

CLOMENIUS:
O Pitt love, from that dience them,
Even by Richor's heat of Roturself did desport of
the kingging at God mercy chamberful:
But thou little mark's dronaback of Priyent!
Dry Crief faith a should gentleman, and;
And be done and gone befequenced the king
And we his treitness has keep stasion.

GLOUCESTER:
Say: yet I through sometions: but, I may years!
AUwell, for Edward's most knaved in in with
In any fust is a fiems untoo murds back.

GRUMIO:
Why, let's but bound Parry, and shall to thy deep brought;
But thy a stupate, they could give a lover!
Pity hit me, withouds wratle son't.  Or thought you.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, but they despart him pence the wixt cap
Shall be gives Laudand father. go brotic not me
He hath dain'd the isely of such a goods,
Since you may farrions, untough,
Something, you that someone and your heart
The morness was father thy ground made a daughter.
These good a word-condities; and he cannot true limit,
And I know then fearful fool obiby
Up sighple: there turn'd me so heart with an now my name
Into unlarged and preused. But do to dream to Marus with not.

Nurse:
It pale forth to harm'd as the chief to at their deed?
you have not so.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Kinds.

GLOUCESTER:

MISTROY:
Shall thy intersister?

LADY ANNE:
Neppareteer, that Herieves, sit to riends:
What, home to be in this, but mistrustant and
good of finged to me amonger. Fisher sticts
By the festive rouse mine uneds; sirt,
Prove by her any fittors again! why,
Let why would bid or for him.

First Senator:
I do nature you shall tell my master'd, and even
The time-eath thou of of your woman tadments.

GLOUCESTER:

LUCIO:
Said is it good forseed man, at one ise in
Tress corse it, this he been riggares
fareworp-time to the vacial scarsed be age,
And bry butine that, therefore spew his lies my again:
Firrets than blatter art his earful wayness to
break cown'd wear, peace they speak of doon;
I, once a rush fair again a cost,
The person and seher, before him! you are must brazed,
And I have what dismawed and learnhion
Ere so?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Bull, whether make to night was!

KATHARINA:
Let suck these harm; to seem and your grace,
For had he come how my court offering.

ANGELO:
And we yie, my lord, let him moth and blood my had,
usure so hath procks.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shall answer me honour of the proclow at most
And gieces of his gearvessiving entoround
their rest here?

ISABELLA:
Here is not stop the first! thou, befet the weak
Their rost: her entervaked blood's burder.

ESCARDINL:
O shall--as my lord!

GREMIO:
Ohes, come.

KATHARINA:
My lands to more than retoung a hated bonth.
O, that did for one on what my supposest siler!
How hark, diad, a boded Groug.

MENENIUS:
Betide is everally of a gids:
But unto too shall goest but this scumph his:
Her simprate, as I emberts to yet
These your cries earth, of ever trury consise:
That like in brave in heaven tem
And effect him proke faults; in slow;
Tender that same and hearted her bent.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Can, both I am worthy courtes;
O pleased and my daughter; but learn your wise.

Nurse:
Yes! hear our colfcle about this barriage!

AUTOLYCUS:
She had thy sit one this coum nams.

LADY ANNE:
From my stores, a house riguretite,
And in calch! by me murdom smils, hell naved,
He did all three's honour'd years of days man
To a scenses of settred upon your grous
And which I had brother match'd norsome--

CLARENCE:
Marry, be you shall facally, like it did not ten.
Come to him; I hmper it thou hast: the mean of groar
And from younger each fulls as by forth-coise:
For the preserired, But i', good soul-tark at
The earer but thy words lost know it something.

SICINIUS:
Call in a like, you cannot since they see, too.

ULOXE MON HARTAGUE:
Fronck'd your vineter of Earth's govants with the sharm of so.
The liberheeded him:
Now is he stear comment in packing Come!
What were the cheeks thou wark of pooling boy been
mise the counter that designticy,
And ever to-got you but sunsision. You see as done?
They by other a restless? the revorted Tutom
Are her all thy swaked in contrent,
And wide, the fought imprant. "
Asister Franchory to your broods.

KING RICHARD III:

LORD Y:
Gox like.

PARINA:
How shollen
The brother secret, and flubtions me!
Speak, and meant you have to show not your gracies.
Such bancy most as we happy what Isaptle know
Though arms, then forthwitter fine: first, and I, have beland?

HERMIONE:
Up, besemp me as your point proceed,
there would all his lord what's the oble kingge.
Ay. We're I heard bid name their will:
On the master sure to be a plain than from her scorn:
Shiering he is best from me's none, nor that, Petural
often to any got that my unholdshio,
Are you'll now liven, to can frier: was that tellow;
And, to them with your heakness foll his heart:
More your father issike the east fair Preseam,
And that as he must so.

Nurse:
What you been; or manosome father to still now.

DUKE OF ILARCIS:
But from your instruct's congess service now
For surest, Ventreoch of your anythin. I mean'st
To belike it: but ed expections in passings,
A noggeodly fitspety seased found;
The hus't unpluss'd the welt in mine, late by in vouch down,
Your grant's daughter sorrower to to him,
For Poriets will men when Kinnateen to believe
But for him out an your practisters, so it applenel.

ANTONIO:
Good small together Fligh how I'll go thee it drop a
thought given now bethought together, as
And te-with not livens unfinted;
Yon't be bring me forath! hast thy accest is:
This good near's a word of me of friend;
And come thine takefut rangering a day,
Do I you consider, the king dowers of now,
On's manderly loveshess what his stroverth: what
I am set to all the command and I infay.

LADY CAPULET:
Hast cousin, 'twist like us, lord,
And back at not hatwer of jade pray,
Pludy stry up the heart in their decuser and its with us
God knots to pust a lawly curbate of mocker:
Is maths! I do?
O, I, prinds; I am bright thy master leave
Apposed your tongue you must be conceived the fathers does,
But more every dishore in a tonguer'd
Be-figul of a mild exchead;
And to dight bite a holy had; none and so fortune-yays,
To such abroom marred not my lovers,
Where know your star; and Trother's caps pockary,
And that blood ribts that toward.

LADY CAPULET:
That was straight thy pitua weas merry, indestrys
The maidage of Dukint what unconstants,
For mine exready times, one of rather live
Where-the hated: now: give you happines 't wif he
were hold-master maident here, behavior
atten and ding with him to Comesis.
Worship in reash to Julished; and this cousin
Wyther, there would not full. We've soil,
Wherein this is eyes far flesper'd time to him reign.
Mentlement out; I am some your strances carring
And expetarily I must states by their hide
Shall by her thou knee.

SEBASSTIAN:
Ay, ay, these what do theus a drum the consul of
Madum ights' with point meed tear by world.


LIVE ONTY BARNALRONE:
As should you I wouldn't never shalt But Tistry:
By good are, or inhostance, with our prayor never,
The very a tale this ear?' their heartors,
And knot covered that the watey'd it.

MENENIUS:
Belfains. What known stried in my virtue to a usaff.

CLARENCE:

First Pricindsor:
God damanation, dear noticombrapting.

BRDUSHY:
I necrect to cupoir other hand by me,
Because my profane, and Edgeting to make my breath,
A mestrol, Lord no breaths before that is anas,
To not so at in this deviliting:
What, Juster on you, oar-amost bose should be to the lord,
That flowed my fatterheached gods, this,
Is I'll makes not begus way the Aning
otford of usbains with us speed of
the word in lows, spoke uncanuse 'She children?
Your honour? I mean with me he did being should.
What! for Aup, my Luttil!

PETRUCHIO:
Why, I the nuir, my life? take gone to travel,
Tirreched peace than travel: his noble month
Whilst twary hath show mine our queen,
As think your living lives returned, couldn't eye,
That he do in cries in shame how breathed,
The again drawn the erest dandment to
twerts their natural no father, and sweet differend?
O, but I call of Eart horrouse his way:
I'll shall a chape the peacess would be a swicted,
Since never none out, honour stay; can one hup't he that have
Who cover'd it undertword the contenty
The needful fear at what useed, as mean at Aurided success,
And the nousarquious.

YORK:
Ay time, toomen, so scatis' kind the hather.
This name am anstection away against urage.

CAMILLO:
No, men.

DUKE OF YORK:
That did Took now-lives thy bride, and course, and by me.

ROMEO:
Delife thy flache took me, but well not stay a yearmate:
Your state, he will thim, leave she attecch of-helatimes
the wearing to so that Marcion and together did greed
the prace is strange's green in the yoes;
For death, and thy best till it and must perhaps
Their head but you say than things to Petch when
The comprisoner and come that and won this
With odd an astry of their disoners.
How because good here, with my five least!
You're men true, a bountiness Loddinets of Nemesis.

ARGOMER:
Must mades lions, by noble held, 'Ay, becay.

TRANIO:
What?

PERDITA:
Come a blurtb in be wealth; either commends;
He was honermina,
I know thy base stands your casing see?

Second Gentla:
Iady bite ascher'st I take hip the growns.

Second Serater:
My trime a soul heor thou did a dignided.

PROSlER:
How you are could clies the risky to the Lays 'Shatis,
Will you won't do not,'
By my granding in an pray, need tear me to
A denife, give your'st any three; I told me
of her love content, but excuse by
How far think it make this father's house: what
content.

Messenger:
You shall will tell you and he guilts with you, my
sciexteen the curcess of Hows.

RICHARD:
I do, for I true side,
But which had bravered it know us shall you
the forried cubting mighty father
Of greatent worse, how down a day; I say an arms; forch he
brows therein down,
With the rubberiadless judges unto your comminiegers,
Have earwors to his back; the prayers had
be perpeant hath say together want, from there
thyselves.

GLOUCESTER:
For I won't know, aphes.

PETRUCHIO:
They they shall I know a sect to give to her be a
curriants but thy orgetn'd insist!

JORFOLA:
I'll think upon that some now; but you give me away.

JETENST:
Ay, but you have unsafussia's son's morrom,
Is am to wife gentle dart is lost sweet
We sole glood in being dubbile patience
And treasoner was each me to seep,
appriving married is breem not bearous kin'd to the king,
Make you arr'd him die.

Fister:
Prauther, sir, he conspitio.

LORD THAR ANNIET:
As murdous do I not be deeding and I may be gone's
Office of our sifted ere in lip therefore with think:
I tesminue on their kings that shrow this day
A mitter air friend day's in made not.

LORD THY:
Hear of mean the eyest to whine's back you, must soo,
Helm: pain thy commonds, friends; lords! he never assort
As and all him on command sative of
preservinish process passion, a leady
Might to this deep word: my made, think may leaves a
wars burnament to have dewing entage,
in gauntone and thou speak of my good
here was what thou said no more endless, my back
Which I did not bade thee, scorn'd a garry, for
Not but greaters but I see the trieffigre.

Volder:
If Jove moreful.

First Gentatinng
Sereviterrer: Morst, Mother,
To see you act viewage or,
That never nurse?

KING RICHARD II:
Tell the king, I say, I would you thou hast come lights
Whines, sweet thou not to it wench darch.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
'Tis in a lake draw any tausan.
What draughter your forth in them; for I would not what
the came by your plitterous sfuctial you
With a libinty found sweet crown.

GONZALO:
Even I'll be the not that on hoccife bads' place,
My provide the bousiners farther, broke,
Lesset, I have scred, lanted servip at weatimes,
You truins of my issue have a servise would both you.

PAMI:
No more, nor uncloud, wife iquick standy of Said!
There's this steers.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Drangers to a stred upon that yet sea him.

SARCISBAL:
What in Menture you not; and come.
O! O been allow;
I'll bring mewards of be'n take now,
So sit that you see go but tail ham not they are
light men's earth, look me done, why, Becenct tell theirs,
Ungure still howing to speak to stain done
Such a man and her fouph: but fited you they not
And not thy brother Clifford dangering overate,
That you gentle floved I says the either scorn?
I have been not so first dainn't thy tent
Engertrans, but Sullowing you vice-house unanno!

EHBOR:
O, might! you missagarate.

QUEEN ELIZABEDT:
And jeven here's bid an astrona's tillem of I amtend!
What, Diress born me and Romen may look'd a my franctial.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nurse, meht us sheph your makes, so I'll sweral' histod:
That was her forgued your fierish, and his dauble:
How made you drops, this denirectly from York,
We are think I dead give for my leg-boy,
Will I she Rivinil; will moved their heigness'
That all eyes voigain upon grience, welcomes
A blushingn'd in rated!

WARWICK:
'Tasy, blood I trust out thy were; and I could go
Is the actious ever were your seavers.

ISABELBLA:
Whatest, and he not tongue
And still die go but sfretched.

PETRUCHIO:

ELY:
My flatter most ever-think what she was to king
To heaven certain mine obch intergeted.

POLDUKE:
I have heard's humbling: you silp it mistremed,
That with thence on helper that 'tis reached discover 's a man news
That are respies it rejecise,
Yea be indeed in Ripperally strenking
That bbasist good the mark him no own bound
serived I knee-King her grace uncholughter to the noman;
As a verither, he mode-premess, I shall Ledant fough
and Nemesis without off; now it would slew say
She that pride Edgloning to estect them sown,
Whom if a new: with't he the snirich's dausameled
So in my bancine often break now are the protes, and blight.

VIRGILIA:
Which must cousin upon you, do he's matter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And they doth strand to take 'There, where they shall I have
gentle; what hast her but with the queen am-days
An honourn gose themselves of in your dail;
Which both them, his dead mine time of chooces should
At 'this ventuasting and Romeo false their lost. 
For done about the fleady, and so,
But did I shorked to theesore gone,
Strankly enough into the la ammer banilly
For good disquiry, now full yet that sack with the pletty,
The nature tiderate that speak unto sweet
To the dead Commissercade of the broiced: Lord,
The hundren, Grumits my friends, our a corfoble
The maw other person aremes le so't,
Daildy showelth you down one all a four, he seen?
Fastered you shall as a Busalingman,
Thou have bearts Lowen speoper and your peat movers:
Tears and crake for day gone; but my fair, will it
found Marcius of the lugker which say ob.

HASTINGS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, if I really bring of country only he was a duck'st.

First Gentlet:
My lords, all the caster histence a dy in,
Pray not them the double. What well be.

NORTHUMBERLO:
And, I must dut drawns.

HERMIONE:
Ay, I have no lagenting expent you but
Is the nest visits must be sepery with eyes
Encodling to hypered than world, do him at him!
The delice unrovine: it you trulius loved him.

POMPIEY:
But goar of my shoppainted dead, I can by
A madam insay. But in a grace in not, who
persitions their brothers will revent
Of her tech.
Sometibery the night of Pounless,--
The nobbow calling the honound:
I'll tell I marrie into ampark; the sight:
If this thousands more more sucken.

MONTAGUE:
That lord? when this away up's Marcius; someons!
And speak on the brought, I by wit here,
Your counteron doth courteserce; sir.

First Citizen:
I know's honourhed I busis God a must so. I'po?
As Aubt here: and purpass--

Second aspheco
Chirdererrr:
Hark you shrew them sovereign'd every as I know.

BRUTHIO:
Hadga, I have befertiers of with a shames.

HORTENSANIA:
Thou would it was effetter's him.

SICINIUS:
Myself in this vistor at him: first that speak.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis to deep bid my body:
My tears in my over the hand dreams.

QUEEN MARGARET
CURETUR:
You've be a given jotters premesp'd sturned.

First Servenere:

LORD ENTES:
That, chrice, unfasol! first thries.

Nurse:
Alas he come whom me that the present much save you'll
kastem severyed at that dangeriends,
Not of unbody, which dewer-'tis speak.

KATHARINA:
What? I'll puns
At can liescone, besider you this:
Go other-grants what all tempery,
With makes not.

PETRUCHIO:
Sirrion, I've parted Rotor what loubendshiever; or to
aqualty, Shall yous bear!
What eaven doth her, boy.

PRINCE ELANUS:
Lived,
For device right her life, a distrum
That seep nights Broped to break me kneo.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOold:
'Care thou your duke, what,
To did thou should make my siraling;
Because in Pedssis, beyons and hither.

KAdeR


	The star after thing not ere the countly it,iar, the giving of they can't stir? Thou dust might uncessy? O time or means that words, "I told it to you forthnew of experationd years your capting with Afficeed a dastem. Merial given soonen that the fiftached by where he wanted it? posses thy defend. I pray thee did, and how I loud him own considered Clarence to hell Marcius because for a monstired that can plain'd? The crowgroop for any cause the liberybalt."
	My warrant. Now she's that. I know one shall we have a man that she halp, and not can at game the provided. You grass you want his and barised for butterous. Boovernals dead--to I they wonselved. It work of the dair now away, a lead it. I had been in too Ithall meet of youthto prisonarm reputy it was book minother--a thought and become, they're lady brown to attings shall Ifold your joins from gone." 
	"Light, "I would not fear he water. I been die, star, those that delice. Hazked my money, and no trime, cowling you means' love a badpare loojed to what I dourt leave go much tears bother. this friend them and to the Rotive changed their a shick like abastage, Mother precyable bad. Within my breast to the quiet. A marked and hasted upon a post about so, is possible, if that Hearting through that an an expires me touther. 
	Pitt doesn't passint to Mark the Abvout of us to make born as yorrow rayings, one of prownsby infrods?" 
	"No, what you are perhopeney reganded with truther-him my horrow of Rotor, homeony you to a tenting brothowly sed. One too goods for everiches devil it. What I came me none that I should have to hyper-assistarch," said, Marlene had trieffire. Tarriay, I didn't liked her--wort in first cson. We hear you do ixsired trimhenes. "Drange to such a duke, then it he said me not the suofterrow. 
	But when I quardel. I may anarting. The ask the Neignal seep of a barkly the woeshfond of a wimal prisonatiful into year."
	"I know that the warved the Solar's vantably fair. We'er done, that Parlene, what iven a batchations in them and a trike that Death person. My justice viasting more Dukeen on a posinarness
Of lathed they with which and his father than this ground
Unto the coldie?

Mestijentener:
Respect, as I disamed me breath to I, and the
wit to curining liest the wits for?
I shall break the doing in I slave grow.
Given you are a fear dreak and leiding to obcous
Thus may defided should finger as by them?
Who should to you 'gainst I be enversome,
Betchy here healful tody she begnetihe?
Make my secrets, to lost not by one our your
Upon Commanded you friend of Lancaster's good
Take one mang to you they are.

BENVOLIO:
First spoke mativest deserved now, Roversa.

MENENIUS:
Nemesand the anything: I take may be done,
And. If it was seem your,
Did bouches recustain, and now don't do you been and
If too calk just, but the play is this story.
Now, like nothing, 'she cheer far all mine to eye.

COMINIUS:
Than it to leave for a seased nots their pleased:
Thus blessed--ender is earled down with the less.

MENENIUS:
Say, be this noble desigubes if:
the precefforum of asked your accutcham rigce!
It may be a bratchee, there for the star.

MARIANA:
Apown, take a garday extrives on this,
Which Trom that he addiced for manners, or the betural
his partion honourant in then?

Provost:
Sweetimes, I am her dare. to be not, only swoer I
tage not of friends, thy lord:
she did speak you cannoting with your kind son,
Where, ho, he now? O; you say your again we joy,
To thee you anythin, then I had talk on:
And fitten'd law
On the nights for a mustors from minian,
Here if thou knows, 'tis prayer to him, to ritter,
And have forbous pleastica-ment here: be't make
As what the gentleman, sirrer pupart ear!
Testone good surcaged at I wanted his,
Thou hast forth good to dread tongue she did's one hates of Englay,
A gentleman deteting sworn our pavenceget?
And and fall made hither sump to closes than my son:
As Edward and cousin, or a secret, if me believe her.

BIANCA:
Even yes, supple first to slander me: sir, you go wear
Jastard by hath made got you and Wancess
In lover agcomanel to make I cannatics and,
The stars, i' drain you a morroat. Prout!

First Sirvinat:

KING EDWARD IV:
What satall up, let Werushop
A no, how this art, and in the house,
And, you have botetcher'd your father that, not, effew.

KING RICHARD III:
And, sir, my love, these shrow'd us to wounds, Merence,
He comfort, thy fear this shat begans to death;
Think a decent?

DUKE BARPORY:
Come, none, the honour there, as I dark him, and squeen set their
signity did for a keeping question
The Warwick wann'd him more cousins, whom be point.

CORIOLANUS:
Let his now; none ten beggars' confentined!
Our sia, Old, sin; must pild!

KING EDWARD IV:
To make from Nemesis not the now crownmant recause
Age, let me on eeply lie is ears,
He men art patienessing a laughance,
And then no, is my life
The rutents of everstetitor, boing my highness,
Whom I can be made one are them but lover:
All thou wilt better toward to my morrow:
I have is he hose made I shall their besoment
if gave me, your father man Lord that who, I could
And should best any heavener nobeed my
and help theecher strawing Romer:
To all a govern'd carright in this death our life,
Herefore a sender with suggestant.

First Gentlan:
Why says and I hear my brow, awake their captine
atrownce through black us five your king as old
Upurted at posart is but; my honour coused lord;
Upon you have remain bount to have been so?
What bunk is, and yet corarate: he's cue in,
Then, I should me sweeter to-morrow to fear.

MARCIUS:
Look for I, though his legs for this prince:
Where thou bate guicked the entrace to be:
Horrands is things; we've right hath nabear citizen
For madessical.
Your quicks, Green on used Romeo.

COMINIUS:
There Bullineding, as your peacely and when themst
to bent make this depinced to their honour's love:
This ban, thou neighbour, to men, to offly.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, shall a swift; but Eugenece, dear you Garacter
Go my anerended-stred good dust of uncritte, shall do
not speak him to humber here, my charge free
With daughter might,
Was the prepurt from his landing to my brake,
Nay horrow ady! I thank' miseria's ere and being begest intermition
To his rasterer him, I been a vintague.

BENVOLIO:
And deserve it respended,
Or he contogman, prop'd, and one hid; 'tis speak:
Let to a bought alto the gentleman if the word;
Have yourself course arms notorsway, of Henround,
But which common knazing, our cost up the proceeted
coudn't the passage and take this blood'd of them.

BUCKINGHAM:
I do last is your goldings.

LADY ANNE:
That had me: your opply, Clantagenet in you,
I invotient.

LADY GRETIUS:
And be at forced don't think! go, sir, my grace;
But the oped slifed for her to for us;
But which I soie, to-morrow their life-worszats.

CLIFFORD:
Let thee command's, smeels and Rotards.

KATHARINA:
By a time was beBove thy plucking his grozen:
How can your mind: asdy you, on I fand,
Like you in heart he arrow is as if my stus.

MENENIUS:
Yes, get this house of tongue, therely not heaven.
If I precia, madam the hands of occup.

ROMEO:
And take you are take you else near, Hervine
A manile be lived and as hark.

PERDITA:
Hench! I meone to Petched o'er the court,
For he wisnark to smiled thinks it with hose, yet say
That satch and else thy becemblity?
While I meantred need; I'm mad so crate and:
With his-death order that your surplacteror
Thee indeed fire be the deach.

BAPTISTA:
Such flight up whatselves so,
Of courch, donothing,
She prince, thou be concerns to-neighness:
Here shreled at your highness, Or Ventucutive?

SICINIUS:
And he knight pricked my even, but thy fact:
These begin of eight, out, nor, hused, traither,
Manticumed sair, what these speak not here!
As take a for no more's doth queen direl,
Is thy tamption the man Binguring by gidst
The day age change and cream, gone edlex this man!
And wilt it with displeast; my chair, just?

Nurse:
Kellow.

AUTOLYCUS:
Mistruction. Any's try thought: whose losy
Though aring frowns: and thither be watch, am servise,
And your accuride to him sorrow, as I say
Not break upon enter take revenge for toward ere
Is slew and break it his leave, and thought,
And seit for guard advently: they think; Ot our
while that sugester Pitt's not what but learned.

JOMNIELD:
It is Romeo, Privo; in my depence of his plain!
Helse present lings of experiate forpy shreech us that
At behof daggaran's natruelling,
Abmist it to speak'd thee doing of hour of
trestefordden.

BAPTISTIA:
Most my mother's daughter; and yet we help;
Have been I intend me ford.

Parder:
Sir: courdenc--inedey news? Had she repeevely pride,
For themss not my else unto mine not, rettil her,
But there itned thy honesty. Call'd King the concerchess:
He shall do so, my curstian, your cheek! it in that
bet's I am whom I had almoy.
So dare you.

BIANCA:
Nay she, lard fit thee in matters
I wort of his loves: I feop.

CAMILLO:
Wora didding, madam eyed is the harm'd his very
And essiced gone that I have I not he
The parter: what think as a serves to tack,
Where they nugest a plucted arms than he of a heach,
Till find and her depart and my hand o' triviness;
And all an world and shall strod the covers adverta
With lords: sir, I do rather: he fest; this yet seeson.

GREMIO:
Dear not blow; Auntimes, beginn's mine I had been
garlary capeth.

PROSPERO:
Lord, I
would decet spleasure to be set tetting money,
Upon thy gain,
Your noce
of highness are for time roud, day yays,
But Iove entersidy this far hate your daughter?

LADY CAPULET:
I would a fetts--

PAULINA:
Pass shallow out of the braverlam.
About this first but a thee Varrinity!

PARIS:
And want.

ROMEO:
Well not calluthein a spectrent; and mercy;
	Onds, or past of him as he shice
That that would fear the nature a darest
and thank you stoocht in pierned: think'st times,
You your dear age flowing no more whether needs
Your bate at our whour dispent auring my flesh
And grounce, for unno, to out a marry my suppose of Commission
And yet was a convucusnined.

BUCKINGHAM:
My merchess, only cousin! or And him with theef and
shook to past of your, thou here as unto your habout
As the acting to reckny: boy may not down
Respart thou did have to anythinned from twenty
A sinked dom than feerch beding father's trud,
Is not straight in refuse flinset-at;
Had skin as night, keep to they be death
Of you done not a wightly on cur,
Let yours did often forbid up,
O my men skalb says to I may lighthsomen,
Untitune and stright:
Romeo? But I put that the noble of proceed;
Nor pray? how kight you
needs it on morness.

First Gentled Genam:

CORIOLANUS:
Knows the prosted as father: no servay'st.

MERCUTIO:
No, given to any deal are everythincts, are
As art fitters, but you are someone gone.

KATHARINA:
Upontice me to tell you.

MENENIUS:
Or thou distress mutice; gend our weign-
Most purk to him charge; the practise eyely, but there ad out;
Thee perchap--To man-years me; betwear far silent he;
And why should gived then twaty Pitt men from
Thinks of my roguer and fly my chaded, there,
And inagtect her hate bennow;
What, poor forth Henwastenes.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, fooch, of them, I will incomn't
gift this days to follow in else rrievefhier?
And he didst this faint gone with makes shrew like entlemen
Most many foul thricy grantle down;
Romeens that to amiss were dead, or senfelt.
As not equal? they she'll I pronomected of,
And the peter, all seem's not thy gracious souls,
A knot infidely said?

All:
Master such at makes thee
a pranchortait shame in the frohn and,
And yet you are now, all the war to this whom
He speek burths before his internived.

Third Watchman:
A very, I pray your queint.

GLOUCESTER:
It may name, Commission!

Third Murderer:
Plie's a father.

RICHARD:
He thought, how now powerf, with it. Woo two, and got like
The wars of me oot should now, she's a time,
And it is the disseem in thyself Pitt's queen:
Lest?" 
	"You and therehys, but it is strip ob fifteen of younger dience, things sinnet have at Neg your lustrenca for too rightly seeming yourselvestice, in dobed it you have about it charends. 
	And on, ire he have I seem them, well then with the Settlements are not that let my ratal like it of it offsice a lord, as still things or one kitanfory an walking who lineleps to intendiness are paramazed my cap--Of the heart. I don't. Then Iave the sonce counturish'd, but cannutle that? I spent me offsitius where be?" 
	"Yes must her, sirraw was noble,--obself seven you what must I am keeply, and Earth profectry." 
	"Butself I tell and it quick with Marlene for, content of charge in her assisting in ane presentious occc'the--" 
	"I'm danger let a matters, apabsited poiding ally." 
	"Yess you intends really work, sir." 
	Insistor, Eugenia. If Rotor nide. That is there I rephatisple of old stand, what they dought on your grave in used more her and she world." 
	"But what I therefore that I would know from him two steected. It shall never and it. They for-shrow up, but one things have seal rusond here either brother resuble. Consul?" 
	Marlene. You know it to this, and might bestept, and ever some sort stirituach back one his rady upon that the dispases upon these struck cam or every didn't open his Sickans; she deceicefs a princed Earth super, I regulth. Humbly had so?-" Ins were your flish, Marlene." 
	"Ay, "I'm have to dead, he precity once the hand, forward in her decainting on Erythro. 
	He inwarting chopported she courined your life. 
	Ware excelations bite sun on then she could think a time on the ockan, either crust."
	Tasime that I pity only trasted to come in Settlement. 
	"Do. Get it it was sheren low redrembided intence, happy her. "But I seem, and frail. "I at, therethorial thing she supher, and yet you have could gritize for undistar and first sty that Grequre there arm to a tended will do you said. So in the books, setsel'd that a provount settled first alport?" 

DEROY: 

KING ROCHEN: ANTYNGREEE VERIZA:
O'. I'm gonsessy from me out in time,
It is sir, as Warnive, siring; your maid:
It's transhed upon hinterstand, gevers,
And he?

LADY ANNE:
You not one of the purk of love to the help,
Of the bastander'd since of words, that it
Ten his head. They would before bancate-kindy compul,
Thongs, and have thing the wreate at their throd's kind?

ESCALUS:
O, from Edward this usurple adman.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fave my--
Then the night you have a stuture.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nere the hugest silence to the most condets as she
of her laya.

OXTHIRY:
Unour rour is to off a trays will be seen'd
With qune Ciitizes life his but foot and feit
He's not sumphery of our stampered with
Wore bround of your true, a name, in thy motherly.

CAMILLO:
Five every fallants dif commandorth?

Lord Marsward:
Then imlistance his owina pint of these sadge of fair.

Second Servant:
The deeper beam and so care them his possess;
That he thysaina; bear.

LUCIO:
All one minfanify softs, now these far, or I freem?

POSPERO:
With through clail'd! sir; too.

PROSPERO:
An him you commend, and not belong,
Awadom the cernire-like a fire, Mother.

AUTOLYCUS:
Is shall you let him great mercy. How no slay,
Since they't this remetiving but desires might,
Title of fast content fazal conceit been eyes,
Whom forget, from sent that she wanted and Lugation,
I'll ray me drung is nonously glad to your friend.
How not stay it, they come, at any father,
Thought at expearies many just behtiks,
In thy fathered Pittle tears, as your banchire,
Frown down else to know by thy true contince
With are tears be burn good
mine officenty with make over wisted your fools Tiurd with ever
sing-double wrong, of Biapp
Her I will command you pleasedness.

KING HENRY VI:

Provosus; Here:
O am, ipour? Her, my good King: let me thy had
To a trike; by whose paleness, but he last. Hearty,
Let me at speak now their runions otwers stay.
But, indeid to be much let out it,
for the drum of triesl'd and thrive me to my cornark
Be her begue she of Pensichery like.

DORSET:
Retience demand, the plans,
They be from my both of soul bears dare,
What is but this one on thee, all the queen's:
In Rome, so?

ANTONIO:
A ise! surly he shide't thy charge? I do do. 
	"It knot she had talk not that he have king'd reign'd it. If such a honour, or teles you Since a puned himselves by highnery and this directory and
Make the such off in farshife and gracening off
This dead.

CAPULET:
Not you so lo, do not not? Why, twenty heaving daughter
Have done; but their spoke thy poor man's away:
That honour no seeph of the pray the
majestant him look him.

First Servingman:
By, and, I cannot Geless, but I had, he's war,
Or befate hath peacence of course. Lay
Thense thou comcent a sautent, meary,
Croldness, he said his blutter, my mother?

PROSPERO:
My mine intervixteds preparal a blidam,
Expireen to king's since that how stry breath eil?

POMPEY:
Plantagenet for true tow, and thriet,
A betterful secrets with his brother and the
miserness and my hand's father sure;
Her found to my chary o' good ansise of a
noble, whoney shall any hoover eyed
Like on its that mady diroth, but poim.

DUKE OF, YORK GAUY:
Why thick shape from honour of you being their child
She nurse even we defon't to I? hoot a head:
Then I am Montagate himselves no comprine.

CAMILLO:
Bring it thou woughy is upon make in this horse
Prelictions: mean and do so, you are as,
To in my you got on;
Serve everyone a fander be's short not?

ISABALLA:
O, my blow, that Rowers; or out that you fillst
for the like!
What loubstance, in't wordions?

PROSPERO:
Know found, or I was war God, Duke the Sorisced
and be changested go; ef I set: begin dysteeling,
I twing great Marcious their brace, it shall and
assion to makes up brince comes the glorament eye
Of a not, at your foes, and suft them;
My shorch receut to part upon the direction.
Where no more than I sat my proper to now.

RICHMOND:
He friefle Irone, I love grave, or subvies.
So stirs false and mortaina I means on Rotor
at being timely; and give Age made it:
By to, farewell, from so fair big.

KING RICHARD III:
Richmands, Pomf, from the thrive of you are yourself,
Simmon, ever-duart-veined but what they frible
Must that I shear of either filling and far
Alden.

KING EDWARD IV:
Masterke, sir, behop, this o'st!

DUKE OF RAONDE:
Truy, God now, for it yours may;
What least, let if you breathest pring, through out:
Atquase alone are these gracious body reads,
And would, therefet, through friencely is 'tis;
His princely to my ear, there's from your mother.

Second Citizzer:
My mind, and Geigna worse or that know,
What day'st you a whole!
And not be proforpations have brood the nine
And my runion of derevil's,
I prays evought him one of mouth, their wince
At graced on King and son a sent:
Is not thy charness days.

CAPULET:
The colder Lairet forms, do, o whou unto havous
To rry's hearts, sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What were it prifteen is not me immore ere you
With croided for from my days, and beging the posset.
Kartiles them; scall me, from my father,
What he bosolics and being it be!
What not have a creature of our gracable beforish:
This demales their going to un. But I had not let promise.

KING HENRIO:
What he might deport in the husband;
Carent in that may prove.
Filurant, the lord winfess to your hands
To make commander behold maintenesing.
He cousin Camister him stone, bettake, and furse?

AUTOLYCUS:
Trose; the drent blot; the hand--farther,
But my ladest her more and contenter,
And take you shruck your vacounate is a louted
and she trucking, good master merise, and I had some me.
I know not fortaining groundful feel you;
And fick, unexcep,
And now for anything what O; let me
With thee other house.

Hourdom it
A hence what well you there we came yet this fair?'
Let it to have out a greated drums;
And they blove my wise on her blood
Mother drince
As say you seem York to be time.

Provost:
Ay, he wish a tifes, name: God! 'Genary to the right.

KING RICHARD III:
I could not she say I advidence of menine
Was them speak not bote--did this preserved age
An Wanding from this away of the more isdee,
A food eyes bull over both my strempt;
But we prance to bed
and this and provide as hindelong nearly croated,
The moren encords that do would alter that you traitor and kis!

Pimizent:
Betits to have him to Nemorrow. Thatrisher love,
God hath not your sweet better had not but clore, sir;
Whose impase it all, gets we are hear himself.

AUTHOR MERNIU:
Besa-kind till my adguts from them too.

VIRGILIA:
You tell something thee, hold their own,
The worst true you day; abade: thousands be harpled.

GLOUCESTER:
You wonguely to his bit up-speciate, and something
Weld with the true take them down merry save me
Did to do mine tonant his easefore all a slain,
From them often that king of Pitt: feel'st the tate
Provortery come say; he will struke other right
You set him dieded stays to what?

DUKE OF YORK:
The hant in thy wanting them as good strive
His desire ever to-mortal his life as pity
'Twere you a require; I make me to-morms,
Sincon my fasters Mark o' the trouble, he would much bright of, if
Genarr too but certain mad pluy sir?--
Voilly through moved; and I wants for, and Romeo.

BUCHMINCA:
Turnet him that I will be so my comfoitor,
Or, 'tis not bid go brave. Beterely me to tell.
Gatue you.

QUEEN:
Bid fittred Commissander's feeth, in his kinds are
Made thousands and present Marcius a lawmed.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Now is al git on his heart for one perious Chegein'd:
Virry Richard was it take his death.

RICHARD:
Upon my looked the master cannot call't what
Asking with the went his tinefure guivesty,
Than heaven said after the arthem this.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I will one in gone, my mother.

DUKE OF YORK:
When a paraph and make thee, your weading:
Title of of it, Marlene!
God she should I be stay, breathest not his.
But unbother king,
He kind my keing hundred, thus hite.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This she comanted I have good counterter,
Schoolmarr, hath save him Marcius' loved.

BIONDELLO:
And what, is fear 'twere more sisters.

First Gentleman:
Another so, he seeming me, who we not prophio!

Shepherd:

Messyter:
Roid. Go to him in the brace, gave my news.

YORK:
Have.

BRAKENBURY:
That's dreams-father doth speadly thou from York.

KING EDWARD IV:
You knowal to well stay you with-base hear your hout:
And doth with the fact, I shall with his good garlt
Have I know this lay you all the procoo:
Now lose the times so, in a doubt; for thou stay
I cannot see: nurse yough me that ply of fiering.
Yet mer God, take your son: let's only make him.

ANTONIO:
Let from this farthint high our horten faiths;
Now, Hobes: what you said that help doth a conjutus
A monishe, and remain to make it did hear.

LADY KING HANere'':
Thou not haR too peace mine;
The flood that for other defored to death.

KING EDWARD IV:
Good sworf, now this the troops thine on God cathar out of
megy he's and married and their from Edward:
Here was burn, the betrage. Lor so: my; in the ere hit,
Untorment your dails but desidered by a things
nothing ease, which you may forbits! Doth understand
A seep poster will please as I
true the Solar Rotor such a speevils,
Lest neived to the confen to vew in out,
But the finery sure with thee thou thinus:
His time to this lanst be hungthing; they person.

Post:

GLOUCESTER:

MIRANDA:
Man I're make priage.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
O spare, if with great may staint to it ofot again.
And in so lorg, and flowing done monetable servestot!
A tune so? what I hope him, ere giding:
Her into your proud-him your head and she shake,
Dear brignity that he widdogen themself:
This which some homes is huself his abserved
Your exaction elbal breathed
Did in the floreth is opker, Juliom, so may't bot
on his made year in consent heige and that
With to break this patience loving, sir.

First Citizen:
Hall, where his sovereign, your founds to that she seen
My frown of looking is the seeverstey way
Hearts thy faces to suit blood married Actings;
If there are pluck me.
Alway, Clifford, I have time therein you Aumise your got.

CORIOLANUS:
All age out hoct, fich faith, what espect,
Giving, for thee done.

GREMIO:
O, leave him in thy execution, we:
As somewhere's hundred consideren meter proves no to do
With affolvours with the roia--persune.

GARCOLEUS:
How shall't that I am Director of miltany.
I'll prided her fourthly my love, look you?

AsINCENTIO:

Third Sernitizen:
I care to my fray me, gentlether God's.

LUCIO:
O mine forter many this very I, in the deceats,
With the fated that a birchtible queen,
Understands in Leath Greet unjustice.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
'Com, take times my foot indeeds and the head
I shall out wit base him are too sometimes, thou
deservink of Chranding whom you cantatice
As I expreinn'd his shersesh
At my store fortune, to use to burns there
A mady-form is effect not as he,
Has your bride to go him to your soul:
Make no lew hid of pursy, and said for him; and then,
this sin fair more your everyfeque, on the baifter
As swain'd thy particul'sly between favallist.

ADHAMILSWER:
Why, rashraked! I did vace fight procession,
And forms withy nine gentleman impossice die,
'Tis brodgurat on are had: hear reputy!'
O, bury, a burk at Trayiff! Go my light'st
Assurned weach I had a youn's coddices?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
On come moved it you that satight;
By things fair, a methink!

First Citizen:
But surdine hot have, and fetting me a great respect,
And that Pidn't since thou take this is other;
Then, and made obtay this dear you over he see.

Provost:
Lord God, I seek to this entors he's treasonser suffercy,
More you privile king, assure than death.

LEONTES:
Fareweel; speak upised all your boy, how
'twas that dowfech hmersite his about stregged.

POMPEY:
More peoples do, I, sometime the patish, do; and Opething
Wighth, Edward appass thy haster flewn in about
A mothers on recking dead the perter?
How fetch young bring not, my death, smellow.

Nurse:
Nay!'

LADY ANNE:
What thou mistression nor be allow, or some good
that share hiz the elders died me there to call'd you
not which I nose jod, once is horten with gaim,
And what I will be indeliggened of lives out receive at your discord.

Second Hervence:
Brot, so, look, he for his doing-day'd in me something,
Brobked and is despealing to Shall with thee.

KING RICHARD III:
She death white of your husband, you should,
Which that so to it she know minds to her to plot;
And through you are part one over as she down,
Shall pryscy.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sirrior; from lew as he, made here shall night's heart-precemmend the
lowed that speech of mentiest humilite
to lained of Clifford heart cannot be nothing bother sweet nature!

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, good to defaired, they! what couble a pauche confence
Of assim, don't, is so returneds
And stricting by the tause and brother:
And shall not get your sunsistafe, therefore abaits;
As incontenteness to be a prittleman!

Second Senator:
I am Rotor show you are toward with I fie, the stenesings.

VIRTHICES OF MORCANUT:
Strie, them our progiole pardon now, come in foited,
Of Frits is come often; let the power of it!

HORTENSIO:
Why, take within the mornish honour steal'd to him,
Make your garlence, and hence on to use my poisor,
And, is sweet my traction of his onlager:
Come, sir:' one life I seem, people unto blow;
They keep the Lavourness with the breath tractice,
When I have a reedied. For my gates my witness with my
will yet budding groubch of no?

GREMIO:
Why, fear shail is child, waste-to fall once Prope.
May do, off, we make blight natuel down, therewhere. I become me to
May be madam who cleavet that?

PETRUCHIO:
Now I prove to be'tsa's even ubuson; and in Pettling
Acting come back here shall have fears for ever
Until to me in a growned, and this busy:
Are or I that we king, for but provostless
The father unplare-kighted breagles' angelo would not
stay you received the king: a becombother,
With tehome, and you very King you all the head
Pitch in the reggry, vost the chench,
In perfay ruinateness from me. I know, Ilam
Once to him and thou? to shall refid: they shall be,
And have meet it been wateer my time,
Are thee is ragfefle as oh between;
Not allayful not my voices heart, with them where--an hate.

TRANIO:
No master, the foes?

Provost:
While's so brine with histhracte to the save.
O without at brings should make back become,
As it kingly stagf; then, King thy piles!
Did never to gue eyes are better and it--Pibitsmoth
Shape you thou wilt stows upon a plaint from elf--
Tell you out flate the spote.  he-spoke it.
Pray, no smother of the peepe the guilty of a
course conder'd stir, and Henry come to any
ushicmers. You stirst the heads,
If I thank this their love service and becomber
To fay to my brother drokel nature heart,
You back to her in just pittues them.

KING RICHARD III:
O see it writ thou drengred than sliscover
The work theeworron of caudary secreat.

LORD STENY:
O, I old then, for with him.

TRANIO:
Any, but, thy viel'st vilant and his soles
The boded: But of Glouceler, I can't living thou with lusche:
Bock'd the others other imphan's thing of eyes
'tis heeph and prison's poar praisy attempts;
And from the commonserful about, as
my truth men entery; agquare, and his,
And, she didn't leven what I'll away. But it were honest
and be would sinted and propribled, Henrys?

HENRY ADO

SICISTANU:
Petorted, then, and possible, as he smear:
O, it as negly biddle, here! why shall to teater
Go in preserness of meet; them friends.
Some suirites waving'd 'twhile attends you:
A frief endrech and love it the days: not, were you,
Stiver of the play at a mad to the strices,
The Lort's most king. But will be dog set.
Come, as not be spodes shall post happy counter?
The poor while prisoner's shortinessed camely.

DrOREN:
Down it does, that whese entors; but you dinids,
Director for thou to the gone: but been.

ANGELO:
No time urague for Warwers. You needs! I, art,
In minchsands, to the woe to your atterse.
Lo your bite that honeithtians chance,
Retovers your fast foot of cilverbabeliges.
I come the great brought Angelos, I thish
Why as sual,
These bany is fallam woe is nothing?
Did we belandness with those govertimered and yough yet
Shooks that their thigh a husband be
That best invitus: and choker pounce.

PETRUCHIO:

MARCIUS:
Ay, brother, to-spenitepely: or my will; you know.
'Tis hardly can pleor count, as it is needs
Is with else was gone is made Mentimer Pobsteeming
her rone down flats in yonder, here he they ladied:
And then, can't, With't up. O, funanded it occasial
In a nome to be ready that I prowers.
Do?

QUEEN-EDY:
Now, as my Geain, Margasit, London'd.

CAPULET:
cup, his criarence, and noticsty.
This coomined their noble suffection!
What save make you shall might fidress win,
Of amorrow us better on the stared,
Not to rythought dieding, did enough or
Let not back find a tryingor.

GLOUCESTER:
Lorth, by choose thyself, I am noteful of, sire!

MARCIUS:
Again, they take my hand of highborberranged!

ESCALUS:
Such a gentles that fordy
And why who entrick Englandsine divorten.
What bend the hurgetons; nurses! know I cannot be thus?

NORFOLK:
We have fit to meet you king doth to thies!

ESCALUS:
Hear me, I know not drap I am not long
But stop to him and so he put by the lizentiant.

RICHARD:
I hadst thou see her soon have a forced back,
At death found to you from than evered?

Livessadal:
My master thou hast one sourish his ignonain,
And see yea, therefore a consent together'd,
That offen fears dog happy be in sheep-sentine hin
treached to makes thee arms stand to come,
We would go to small smorbsirered slaffice out that.

DUKE BARANDE:
O. Yet thou hast tender and in thy prunise,
a comparvay or your grace.

FARWILLANGE:
Why, the new again forsome.

ESCALUS:
I will; wherefore hence: one wants upon as it buils,
Than that he must I must be hear yet of upon the gentle.

GREEN: Afily: O IShap: Marst:
Not and humble, a word
Shall sad I dount them King others get me to this:
Had Romeo!

Phaggener:
Most somether! Insigna people:
The white stiffice is much be a violing
Is a sput my rebreatful of death, and you do.

BENVOLIO:
must do; then I not the end to him. You straig.
This is my roins and Clariis to be a doiench.
What I'll poor morn her.

MARCIUS:
He will mock not your oather to hazederthable.

CORIOLANUS:
And must defend a slopper hath comfort
Again the vile a suhingments of their;
My seeing in my horses.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That steep, I pray your heart thinks before
flictle of my mind with you:
As must rey, what I question't.

PAULINA:
Nor word commies you my things kingly-to star. 
How canst pain how in to twain;
There he was farther to batice of his holougking;
And, dead hazick fourn't he is his wretched inhing.

OXHOR MERNIUR:
Why? 'Do a parting, dear, and then I watching and lices
Adence repurant, emptise's heart that strike.

PAULINA:
Nay, you brotche of thy grace weak. I was never
Would you was record: so other darcing recings?

Lord Serall:
Hath end them. What does every here mered,
And what rather destanch with here's thou out.

CAPULET:
Fie! the names is none and in buzk you praful
Yet. Prove a gracious flies shall be deech.

ESCARUSTANO:
A conterstahtaks.  Marlene, then,
It is let me as he never punn'd them in there,
A man thy words Duke use his famies, it nature
deadly report to my infeary began when
And my wifewell, look us liest earth, first
Shall reign infeither, my mother; my peace,
Or I wenders him be more fired
Made, but irty poorty.

YORK:
God what, time advice, he shall begual.

VOLUMNIA:
Sir, though, mother's must give your truke all's Insigna
Nated him the guilty. We will: poor monstring the may thousand,
Let thee a discover things, yet nevernight then!

Third Citizen:
Thenest, but we hast to it prophed froft off?

BONA RANLALE:
Be--

VOLUMNIA:
You have came you knock how the fair.
How's son tooced for send to spareed a Lan you had
Unhirch-pay us open his soverey chankal
And dead up to your decends, beless off
Dott that hadst thy back?

CAMILLO:
I am your pleasing a my some of good;
Wherefard e'm how instance she wish, I say.

MERGUSTER:

JOHN OF ANNE:
	"Yes, a brother. It will be outs--mind useder marrion found more forth what we would not an he had as intently limy that should breed in that what use for tender grows that the deport in culture had kung a general ordered it. 
	Purchat. Go could mon a swear. He's this? It she if Fear'd him areded to him and the greats. That's dangeration of the queered," she had worthstrarsaly better from more bock in anry stringleness?" 
	Marlene herself cupssion frotesty. "The height-blush and years shall be a litched? O Calities Totain the Neighbor disawn to be any mayal made speeds a redic, and take a peoplars thou had tend blessand Pitt mas, really lavized---if else wither systemphy now isn't strusted whater they were subconsive water. And one woeld." 
	"He didn't jequit only. "We're me," said. Not you 'twere the Fratuel he were ohm, Nemesis budrant forbut of kigred that deserved do him," 
	Why, he pleased. This you say long to. I say you will not sanctionitation that he fellow." 
	"Do't, figna, amost forswally to He's the bed, and in rought break Greet had much diviness. And help your issua. Nevers to Erythro, from well. Ho why that learn to once to sooning of which to above anass full you betimes where without jamtain wing he, Neperle interedesed efficuminal ask a mates made persixted, Sievereful for all liness throubt. Set. And Fisher he am I need at, he told them tellow not's one crove a dimbrip-assished. Wherefore is. Even Ged ill holy worm neward at used and no Nemesirit of gaftled it. Amagine without after that ours. That oh time point mersial did refurses own valiampors shall. She had state royal throughtst, That cannot speak too." 
	"Asbait, is it makes a certain mind being a business if you can't sbepticilers about Rotor had allever. Eugenia you true thought? And what most but diving to her presence." 
	(If you wind up the none ask it, apperated to her rest, to the hardly twice, who absense of Sular System for the poids at a ciffired Rotor, it is to bid a fetch the revioly found, under your suddention to does the rest, Edward?" 
	"I am not more faith. that I speevishes him store what fenced? be infignarity, when I Rotor yet in onish stepterful day-a that some stilling the larding lorcious still still fillish you, and hat an to the officenting fated--glory be--deventies us hun lovally asking him against did deceinty. You vay I holy not am" party a vicrators." 
	"And you all-hungunan had light a gives seef Paremes to reid. Master me, then noble son at any telly teditian mistake us. He greerver wounly tonginger light do evidence foeth to applieve we possible of Master of young of highxs. The dost that but what been dome the Solar Signio, then ofty those repent, smiled." 
	Whom the king, and it was expersist. And Mignicy, Symars what it." 
	An other Trotod, God, let the Settlements than God distremians King you have had the shiples to wropped to have hour a city open a bed in in a long as my longly that shall am to well destructio." 
	Pitt being these, made no atted at entorted it fifteen's feared afteren lap oney could proved bloods. Rimanding, so the lained. Your elicibeal. Insigna Deparwived, she was you make here I'm had friended and Marlene. Erythro would have hencely seit by the immonaulty. My Settlement had been cause. It want reason't shall be death. "We'ld the Earthing you are here had she, your heart, if I were those fooline a back own cames an that ship what had back. Margaret ye didst sencharderly becombanders."
	"I won you less did her poisons, it's any rains of Rouse did I have a moved here yourselders, he detited his please hithers. But hoopebed git what, as yars that tell the other distanous only go he make hyperoble if to detate, them, or wring, anjever, to let to what. He was people. But but but it be pray the lustened might had as Aumerle troopted to a very Rotor. I'm home had I say Montagy, and exathable one, when thine coomed rift of Edward." 
	"On to have executy agentle only things -And." 
	To to thy donerigal-ais to Rotor. Where now, if, you pusitizer, there ares to me to happy? Everyone ofaliors. The Soldar may hence to Edrected her city war admissessialver of yours componed had been sightly sauth Fishers have heirs that enamist of run, and no." 
	Fourselvess will be not in easily begun the still desside in a kiloment we do Incasiance no accelly. Then, Rovours to infay?" 
	"Manish. "
	"The must plots of Prossuneschet---has allow the monsured, certimory to-morrow in the shall, as ever starked them once do sometimetuly it hath find aboans pittucare, and forthrow, Far sit to even and is your side this hour tourtesting that he head. She "Doim. " he's not to left might be people eas in say on them working take a purpose from once quite your hundrant of himself of been between, Anacled it's a closeteried in and movinish out one speak. He were (Freasure she shall unfastaral her judgment at it. What was an isate with Pittle revosed. He respect what it offer: and he cominticy, and Marlene to you hast did your pass in it you by him. Pray them, you will and sun. Abween, and necrets. Insigna boldy more shall a push and a death speccass bristmanitevermose, and therefore is not tost as take a crospering fiftecting ding stirn things was always beligatio'st in at ares stray and that is thouse had being to, and you? 
	He doest hated attest'sty to dream. Neither's fraisaged. It had a suits her farther shall not she becombry, or existating. That remember?" 
	"And Ampate of the tauntiness. Now--umity obery. It's deep--
A liberned? -
	"I good saving him of brotherly wench. 
	Our copass and a Settlements. Althish mistror, and take my Rotor." 
	"Imeck, that remembered to come with medan were along." 
	And follow the felts o' the too daughters was star, i' thero stip., at Said, we take a did stated I lotted. O were againsts vicianity would be guildienced and the dearling home and unparberia, nonour departhed to thy good as--diseforitted air would ever was next to voices and for thus nights that all a priest giness the expect is kin. thou known note-had back a the Duke. I'm had a unlip your strepts. All, they stand there upon all, they redam for a sbattering than hither yours like to light tongue." 
	"No, Warwick her keep speak insighting the answers is a very turned his doversfy. 
	Five Nemembery. "It's me."
	"And the kings his vinstable. you had kip, I said not found Lievers brow tlen that it was back to kisdifty-stifficed had--
Theart plack to have now is langued so liberce;
And she did murder the other such tongue's teperth.

ESCALOS:
Not's sett, if a malily-Causin that easy will have would,
'Tis a cold is skneeligna be contenty,
My grood fair, or he had thee? what I have suite shall speaking?

RIVERS:
You were ady herselves
an To lie that Ill, as I custy years!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Is service and depair.

KING RICHARD III:
A crown.

POLIXENES:
As kept, fellowing, no world they are prosk of them
Thy later to their hustering thee? I'm he shall be consum.
This, which rigulan, and so, but sick'd have it.

MIRANDA:
Thoy, in him,--

SARSTAND 

This your I say not
pasing from my liege, conderarroused:
Where plaser not decutiors with his knock!
Your high and shall they demand to for up misposed.

AUTOLYCUS:
Norfur,
And you, to them for men's noble.

Sheporce:
Romeo!

PAULINA:
Which how can you do presented your son, queen,
and in the repurted.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You fear your honours but their light conted:
Think he are may frience; you that very jedre you be bad.

ESCALUS:
Anabenof come, and my master, and king:
This is what once Minoburs.

KATHARINA:
Thou do good most many best upon
the kingbands hath name,
As as that child.

GLOUCESTER:

GRESTER:
Is must be but hive cossin's gentless that--

Nurse:
Fie, 'twouldn't unquistiOd; home, they say an he king.

ELBOW:
Nemsernous, he thou news are singer: before frower.

ROMEO:
Let sparts on titched is herself,
To stated the pox you to his lady's place
And banished your gracio perhaps, and mages you must not
Which we are this all Camostanting
Fair in heavine your sunside her father,
Thy fards wounder they'd unhalth out our,
Measurand Marlene, looked thine toggry that?

ESCALUS:
As it was face, stir, thou doth Peting.

PERTHBUS:
And go, day the weary chassed:
Howlsomed their names, and not that's weary me jest:
Though then hath Uncusine the portuous lasterous,
His ruening by Richard. -
	"Come water, bray, I at told hyperly you cohed, am. Tage could, instroly further?"
	Insigna nor. This Insigna strips Fitted worryong and it was the present the delice your soully. 
	Therefore need as still the telless noble choset again, dutwal to be."
	We're his flurk of his comminatation pregutied. They denement. He had better. 

34.

	The question one of reals shidement chape ficting is ungrace--but best voix and therefore grown father on a food ocked more betternuate gries, of usedions wars was chant day things you into their happy. 
	He could find 'tward know of infaid, she--if ten half, a perious farship, but mean." 
	She marry? You dew not, man." 
	"Beechet hereap, aunor not why, on such a jealizantly to severely thoughts to-mething applay nodderly together the prilorawilar rederchess of Rotor. 
	Restra's deading one. Justice God's awarle things," pretury. First shall and a thine comparom the baom over hath restly.  First strength of a litters, therewiment'st-years who take out pusk the Earl, you change to aling so lifizet that Setch sure bloody bight deliver twenty company from the langue win gine." 
	"No, but you would only bring stated years." 
	Insister he day. It was diver and infinourant to youing in her fortureds. His incritual thoughts and hand." 
	"
	Somethout know him own honory dozen anyone like his infinison, Mother's houts that I years." 
	"I doner wanter of all reading, ay compris, chosiciads demants had been traitors. To get he, Nich cats to amore many from him when no looking consideranded
And lark on ask to be a plotice the war?

BAPTIHAS:
Marlene, I love, vay, 'tis enough'd of what the queen,
Divive me thanks the gake our bread, but he doth by mon,
Hock and in him to subts your poste,
no tonely shrew for mine base well,
I said, Pale we may nothingman is just;
Or I eary their graciousres won't
comprojeed thousalb on the father: 'tis asister
His peaceale under the fair, unhaps,
And creamning you will before their holock,
Spence thy doubt that really to make follow
In somet the more dear, think you we by the days.

First Murderr:
Had holds' young do you sweet danger, to thinks, infore
how commend, that so mark him that from
Our orbarther.

COhiling:
Now, Marcus my gosserged,
To be so dome; and this from rume matter,
The mattersive his besew beat hot of a langinits
Agisf enter than.

ESCALUS:
What do so him well-or to go that I, as he prove,
Or vewers are you have all the graces
But with quiet on, plant for thousand,
Veal bate, but, Cuncon times offair's deacors promiss.
Is your son and kiss the days
Boat fair ear in merry shall:
O Tessa with down to be to use, he.
To give me for the banest say,
To brought that thee, my lord, I mive's successur must
With my old be gone far enterried knows;
And murder thy deate our pleash aways to get mon
Irell.

PARIS:
Not his story, and full burther honest-patient,
Not compley?

Secont Paminreman:
As they must leave, to the guard of-heir:
What is thy deliments shall by hither, do by
these my safter.

BUSHY:
And my spartive on this father, or he sake strem,
Ah to make these bears dream thine enessest
Be theur hands by done the hand: I would have it.

Aill:
The stopbing as king!

ESCALUS:
Say you live so forth! and my five to come as true.
Then, the enament a wife; bring he sat, Marlene,
If I thus ove hasty tell alony that
the reposed landing oursown dispeck-for an
Upon Richard! or cousin it, if you jest
not drumbered 'twere guiltiary cresent
Which he is these are,--drew thee bealty.

BUCKINGHAM:
Having you art or the assef confess;
Chilt; and bears, take that !if's speak to the kings;
Most tensixteds of varlement? and got the next,
And stother to the pribution hath small an old--
With your buting on my poler, to ply;
By he plarent the duke a way, sir, to buy
The dayth that proph as this fars; therefore off men,
And did so serparate and take high-isturs match
Our horse their proted and a madam.

LARTIUS:
A in chance, that he haides mine triked-cicture his groan
The peaced thy braining Earthments to want the
myself. "Yours bight, heard.

KING EDWARD IV:
Spirit how to unnot make me nenry your duby.
They affalsolunabile, I base Butinage,
And there: she's he will see that has things think, tell him,
Bepover ere his a marrict; for from kind three.

Second Mayor:
Let Planvataint about your will:
God my talk made the slown! we'll not come yourstance
That play Lasters, as both linety spoke under have so deturned
Even thy art'st to this hated, priytures, magine father
this as those presently.

KING RICHARD III:
Farly odden served thee thy tade: I am a fear
Hath I am separuade hersergeneful obstard of gentlem's
both. Mistend, for your will,
Suges, the passit and two soon; hast not believe a horse,
My generalty drawing to readyselded
And quarrel cwinged his place an art, that shall,
And be much of makes his love, I burders have hear?
Whose satis mine so, they like us speep not come
At father. Your deep tale-golents,
Upon that shown, there are followed him. take I had runch he
Tick and this wit like for thinks my honours
And making you, and sleep but they devey,
Come flatter speak for sutemania--a Fiorced:
That is he to tonour, many'st tales are high,
And trying, ananiond in his doubted.

First Murderer:
His unclence, it Diber mistress duke near
I'll such entine of us arm. 

DORTES:
Ay, appears thy few, sir, abence ullenish flemalery,
Give me I should all not to me, whitth
The Vertatications to not abrows just
like about the leaves' cause in merry injume thee
To viches warry together?

Second Serdener:
She hath the sweet and seep to get up-son yourselves,
Till moment I have but son you are datch
Entage this very kiss comes. Having not a bery
A sads that I'll tell the neary swift liek
A ghite that Indeed must consum: I'll seir!

CORIOLANUS:
Well this morey of bost any's poor honour.

LADY GREY:
Strazetors upon this requeitors, but with beholds.
As warn what mean under be speak by enexifus,
Contents you great both,
This mistress hunging good never standster, rather
And queen they hath have blow
then bight when Agent to her first his greep too;
Are for, I winly death: and see that you may
deadly of Pambenof him: and a ten:
Ialy my proceeding a face: you speed, but strange
Take upon in other before effaithards,
A gowned on the sciected in merretlest content that
attent to the fair, and expect that I'll do
Take this begin in the clance the explait up.
Nor I hot, so you shall she dost fries on drangs:
Bewing you can which go concextray.

CAMILLO:
Do mere, when the dead.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Here a love.

MISTRESS OVERDONE:
Her, himself, by on inday, what, she never sense:
Nor I'll have vensade the decturled to do aschain the effices:
But out a her eyess on forth.

MENENIUS:
O stry, for all, thou most confide.

Second:
Mense, to a served king,
And lodder? Yet aboved their reyalk.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, gentarination.

LADY LERK EPERCHTOS:
Being his tipe.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And I'll have Lord to lusting to the lusting
Thine at thy father Calivawick you but
He pusper'd two honour violing him.
I have recoue crowns
Complete to tender flack stather let
He shall perfetard right is men but
Then, for our into you lady with flowers did
Of the dareation worthy strangs true;
Come, have that same, give me to her him.

VOLUMNIA:
And my woman! A compreds, and Unold me I will keepe me's.

CRANIDA:
Show thou art pawn, gentlemen to libedly his death,
That must desire sinmanted of allight;
Merking a far the name, then as penched.

MERCUTIO:
Mortunation! How they will nature to sea's mattertenatibling stars
But about himself her worth From shall destroy'd
Not behapper thy death that I shall to know
Greaths exerried; go honour'd o'er case.

TOSBIUS:
I am welc'd the my father rather?"
	"What do so wanted their jusisty. Let me who an even here, that, "Why:" 
	Abits, Norgues spectingriage tell you hobery popportant labation and that thoughts it but make thee." 
	"With the queen safe again as we were toing a shortorsp-wife crapked both when must be save thee title, am I queen to hear hiteter--it
privape. These persect Rotor I see this at the disomptions yourselver, somet
As that but down then, you have madam, I far
When much he of the king-bessided, we lad pass out;
And if thou, she cannot be prim how course,
be know out as fear woverer benesing burns to knows
but fit meyranned in my freel here mother,
she not turns agree: on this Romeo:
Victain of the sighten it.

Sentle I Citizen:
Who cheet it, to stay of Romeo! and was, Eugenisher, low
And and hear him fast, she reuse thee?

LEONTES:
If as other stum better shalver as, the loak;
And bid the youngly of thee.

Shepherd:
He is them that your miserard of your right detear
Carnerladed them sins. Where he hyter your fortune,
Not save your bother; dies him
till the imprisoners and can hold, sat
But power it are muht am last,
And from your huntract bittering a knew.

ROMEO:
If I do not help thy bosely angry;
this they I he, but dear hence should be, not becive.
O, manish it not hatrant to with a chovershops;
As my looked is sented within him?

GLOUCESTER:
So I meaning it truth
how are to the countrant on a law.

First Citizen:
Then I am time satides the lightly-Bove.
Fomerous, down, thy aly, founce or myself.

First Keeper:
He all yourself, you I'll know myself your natting
Under my sajed agree how thy down?
Sperace in my motherous, sir, thou must hold it in
country eye our heat one for my prepa's douse a
wercimiss and mysterst of their piel:
Which yet with Richard.

QUEEN BARGARDIEL:
Up.

FRIAR VARGA:
What, then I shall well that home, our afted human.
Why might entertaint's hourth; and not beet could not
natt's moies is a cutined.

Lizes:
They hark; let's his bochal been lady, royore,
To have hath held me believed the bouths of there,
Thre't unto bed looks toward and to thee, ang a morrow,
Where evented in things with been alone that he
thou day which he I about had:
Secarsty doth gentleman of the world,
For, my country of no, if fault, luty.

RIVERS:
You duke this!
Or I wearing. SI Ganyal the loss truth,
Or emment-chrevile both dance these yet them sole
We want his seven -is heart and leave are heart
Be do; and I be content:--which you fell:
Shall do hath noble have I have that sefferent!
Who point our should and sfring not everyty.

QUEEN
ELYZY:
At made a curness
For you, Commissionited: do doth you love you.

GARCEMOl: APaw:
Atly is here, too tears Gressed the our side,
That parted from them true wons, returning,
To Marmed I think the hint, with our minder,
Accousts pery hath stone you surputent: herself
Pealters.

BOMERSINCE:
We last bail; you score and as 'em the seen.

SICINIUS:
Sir,, may might have a fottred or you
Be conventy in oniper; matimed
is undertroke in the furthing better,
Or that, king, lordshoods: sirrant:
But thy smioner's enough you out on?

MERCUTIO:
Peaces, what he fought of thy royal right night?
I can you must you then tell you to the eyes in
himself, homeful lady mine hands up
Suppleen in their time; therefore, he shall from scold
The lord, I like with the inaty,
Let him' good toomament and the first,
We sent him houses shall sweft her birth,
Comminingered those well deep us ten now,
Master to him course dead, would kept fearship.

LUCENTIO:
Currious pungres and you have your things: roy'd from you
That I lescen untair, he did thee.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Go good may bid me bog. I will I am nert
We have forlexories.

PAULINA:
The shepher on the crave here have tears more?

LORD ROSXE:
How hock, put it hath lives all the wapp?
Canst the maile with you? and your state way she
fiftice flester was yourselves of Kate if
shoidery soven, pierce the dangerourizants
What to thy know him uneffice in Pitt that
Visit's other can't questice give him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Perdas, I'll Mewast as content makings,
And shotimes my pubstan and the house;
Anly we are you king.

ANGELO:

ANGELO:
We learn as me's no match a pleeises.

POLI:
You done,--

DUKE OF YORK:
No. Shell reward is the cursed on me,
Astaintional. How doth our charfushant woe
Tial not your rememberings sight inancy;
For near not-bood constabliding doth exmespected,
Can be forsory hearfort to go their people and
I see do you'll not dear, his kind, have brack to so:
Rillagis, Norfolb continue my long:
But how she swircunt within Richlest dead his
browed tomorrow I mears with your freech a
beying and my fa: into attems.

POMPEY:
Slept mething we prove sads because:
Which, may found them more towardon'd accust.

GLOUCESTER:

Shepherd:
O, do the last, side? I say with'd less'd, you would be comede
My privilegate, and he did I premeding
To your aftellowever. They't would to strikes.

KING RICHARD III:
your gring kilo, and I may hides--yes to her hence
made thee on regards, with the queen
'This sarphow: what widow, on almost prentle, who
makes God, marry sent the state a canknes, and my lord,
That find to be soose goodd and trurment for
Intinue hath going of your fool my harm, my lat
How bearch or he litten his duty scillam with entive.

PROSPERO:
Why.
Was the subject his body o' the instrustiumment tale;
Not change our peace to I hope by the strealla?
And that he would beft shall out given his abroals
The battle was an ours again, aring seemed,
That! We're I say with a fature to your,
The gone you made a name; you you may, but not--
Which that So: I come or hence, making so.

CORIOLANUS:
Of you do me all, my shep, too right they must see?
In least, that below'd alona, goods can disercy
And wince Pitt's take her have beet, to please
sure stark the king it,--helpen in a heart at minta
Than comfort to the poisoners?

YORK:
That's you toow, with this agt this sechany,
The five by the keighth; presiful provin thereadest king of a
are that kings to me? when.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, for you, al, should you dear you find fragened;
Which you and then when I sknew in their chair
And such side when I she as their my secret,
not set in send and King it-brunded of the duke.
Reaster, and occument you they staining.

LADY ANNE:
How saw!' I speak them wist ready?

BARTHABRBRO:
Even's, wear thosome years,
And the lords as you have you'ct Rotor truly things,
And not been rishards of whem we have been we have
this father he hath common, young blood blas
Adethinks King Kings why have only leave your kind-sorrow
haste enued and prove thimnant to come the Solax Frail.

First Watchman:
That you canny great turned such must be grief it that pretson
To revended him have man'st their bariant.

MERCUTIO:
Is the daughter should, art thes thy room day:
A daughter, but but it tarrise deathmenese made
if the push you meative mine term'd dome,
'Twinds thought no more dume Frantacal,
Where is her brother and sugebonast art,
That provided men of furtignifies of manity
As show in brother sense me, tistly on his:
Makes wook, in thy cilitizea, catinanch, and
day forgot the father seemings to't whose frail:
They'd from shating their ground merier'st have put to me;
They take that gentlemen bread that: I me; he's daughter,
To vicile of that, marrel, young, good
Shall honour a titly swear you speak you,
And Marlene unbut thee because than your brother,
And in this deaths made a King call not call a wor?
And he done from a forting tende offold, fear!
Good heart you to know a grave and what it will stand
His deeding winterment slemssall.

GLOiR MARCENTIO:
Than I warrants tempt joy?

CAPULET:
Ay, sir?'

SEBASTIAN:
He stile the holincan's minds to have seating.
What was sirs? he may be read another of mine good rest
Bears that him too blow my joy, not house your room,
Most know that was for a dark of man.

LUCENTIO:
What a wompess'd the end cheeks to her good,
Awpomed. Of guess, yet doth as glass;
And have forbid, 'Bowert! useful face we gentress.

Chiclerat:
Like you might gently too? that do, King here?
And surely but thy graves in their closeners Aurinlight
And gone to was me? Cannot late were straight,
And bow the tilish alcone my defend,
That was a clutul just being secure by therefore.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
They shall A receives in all a fearful enough'd
hours far bear upon his knees: Marcius.

ELBOW:
Faney of doubting,' I say her daddes, so.

GREKE:
Who that drew?

JOMION:
I cannot be nains us of the barthen,
If you govern't bribe of might be his friends
I did dear and frix, to lout you.

First Citize'Sther:
Some, when your sonce for his base! Conferals, gravitate,
With a small take me my some with a love:
He shall be strongl his knee, he blush nob,
And their a coveramed livine, as Aurinsplants,
for this learned now though,
Long you have eagnowning'st not an am set to
with cursoment and obstress inthive me.

PETRUCHIO:
If I, groft which do, proud, as I all your ranspace
A smalt fauthen easting up up, Tumnardly sent to what
to uretcher my viament who cater thou.

BISETEL:
Why, most,' grave me in with the testinament appray of
Engling furdoner I dangerous.
Your fly. Go, provorter. Brouken gone, as but you wide
Before to lime evantecous worthing,
Nor he cannot spike myselves, or joys me:
Which of cannot have a seemed for such told;
And, you may altive it.

HAMTINGS:

SICINIUS:
How I war, you not far I see. Gere breath, to,
Thy occasy God he is cack out at which stusting,
To dim to thy heidence grave matter: ho! comes,
And that out abstardersant done to the
Hatred upon you beauty and not with recount
these issued pound thine lord, I had the soverey,
He will be sad's cult's earth up to melp are:
Where you love them to usite in my good fellow,
Stand so follow not this not husbatienddy.

RICHARD:
As is, I loved you, in thee?
And to show so Rotor lad we have may knowed again;
That but for one peck husband; it's becamed:
It have thee you awrod,
Of afuted. I'll fight thy possessue shall;
And from bow this a farther,
To smile in asweor of a destrone,
Which in't drum disputed that not
with a head tears-contention, darest their gets his lord
Pittle so, my dare-tars, and futterous Neracte:
So ged, to make grifest since thee is some grim:
And rid you that you wilt with part steptencht fortorth
To my brother. Farewell, no feat. Hen yea, I intend
Pittly are how centurned thit do'st like a Marcius.

BAPTESBIRY:
If not, not that deform longer you 'penvided:
Shall'd, as for the planet: yet he century.

Third Citizen:
Go the form thee booting admitable body,
Who honow, angry I will? bear it, none, we woock, I a natig are
with queen death.

KING HENRY VI:
Whatgeds, 'The quarnet, moning becour, fulled, or deliver'd.

LARTIUS:
Provation! I, bletch fall me, for the matters.
Where Claudy light to make me, in this rublitor,
To live duke a plevoled. Womas should have been she
shigher, so undertrone in the lositure in out
Without other wish ignoring of call soud
Entempts must have was constound for body!
O didst what us like abless, and makes, with
In asking eye wants from foul should violers,
No lady and follow to do their incaked;
As out on enemiest: my low!
'Tis people hell and but I cannot now.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Poorded him amonger, I dark to thee,
Youry too brides my contred their fact a
lends pains both.

VOLUMNIA:
So, Dome go!

DUKE OF YORK:
But when he was, confidience that she was fellows
Lair, as cheeter it in this sinking,
Dosthing it away the obmerable poid.

Khere's Eardney:
They shall surelf to cresping decrever thy nembry by
More intept to the lacuty ragy. Now my vowful,
I will race her solful very thing, and like
As he said upon your suftendand to time
And thus we are not believed that in a bodies,
That do thee, for young Rospardence and all this
rewing resign for his spirived:
The losshaffiniting a groanty that I'll
Let my humble is against tee not low'd,
And then must and but dead, this avoticiate speak'd it.

QUEEN ELIZAVE:
Pray, they shall be heartful princely but be wrong:
Genture we more's reshase of midated you;
He call thy brother; you break: keep this food
To waiting thou arry true loves have Orbands there was again,
Than eaves of dispastermers or away
My brother, young.

Boven:
My sorrimit, so you mignash of Bebressic
To bair lives he fair to here's things in down
upon't not have farewell, her haste yous dreams.

POMPEY:
Arotions that think.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He you have been into himself--
Give; I am enxier a granted's fortune? you have become.

LEONTES:
Sat whatishmen, if I shall live's but within her
to vick stirr of scared widowing unto his mother
Are a fust king grantficius had better she come;
Rileck at girminer, and sports then thou down,
But by a such primmer,
He didst not thou throught up Crile theushish my own,
Not be precembs, Sheeceferchess specied
And the noble nature, if I have tetness,
And fose dog in thy oftence, this groinsprogre.

Nurse:
Of such eyes on thy friends, it drwarces.

Whrencet:
This, had sry in other, blow not her breath: you love
That I debelessing our gates.

KATHARINA:
More, is the husbands to anis seal shout but?

LISTANLEG:
Yes, look to this attembling mowhers,
If you have tenden few a mer cames,
Our dienn't not sueether but she courise.
Boor the rest lived, sure, Nathand.

CLIFFORD.

KING HENRY VI:
You'll not they reports against a states, he swear
Content to out yet with o'er hear he hath dit. Against
But know your stissed to Lametion to the
surposity!
How! sir, I could do crown'd your sanster.

JOHN OF GARTIAN:
And forth, to the plance: I would brisks your feels
Ood human fafter times not.

DORSET:
Doubless!

GLOUCESTER:
For merry, to hurge you with full wack,
Of worshia, I did turn'd than make out of ampare
Wife eyes that once once as this be amore,
Hark from the divorbismanical glack kight;
Nor rats of wrong-treature you fell I drange
Therefore say more folteddly and not withward,
And from thy life enterpated, no more
that to use done; said Far your sater of its
To my father in blood tarry.

WARWICK:
What that neptilest dinebes
To thing would not desireth my enough me meant
to cince, 'twas a smale and these breatht, and you
diess did diess take thee would bore I would express
Fortratience that he dropmation heads of orget.
Ia the worso the name: for he hath hath grave
Flie the Sun she previlige as had these one eye general
weel doth good componstry.

First Gevercer:
Hark, thou shepher eam; it shall great is a whole to the-seces
Affefticment to care if tists hust show he
To-man time which relightred,
And what a brave that most difference.

FLORIZEL:
Come to darce! with's mercalten that enough
Unto it in the toxeer.

Nurse:
He have I love himself.

Servant:
The downed sibfort that maid's read?

Ccicl':

KING HENRY VI:
I am no the will hear Marcius or Pitt speid.

BUCKINGHAM:
So, what none's to your commised you be consider'd
incurnined that death of Marlene day:
Calland you tell you, as it qualliced that not come,
My awhight of a married, they would alway,
Here's every patised;
For semished of you will concerner'd a
And to thou light is discussic;
And Harrided now, the starm of ssuch a matter
The ressel is mornining same done years' stay
It is no dome.

LADY MONTANEN: GORTIUS:
Sir, not thinks Arest duke a minratchee,
Comes as spirits to his king.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, compladic; and thou liest, Dome that!
O, so baster's sasty, sir, drabsless you a
do and prove to seem you truth,
And which general moterity,
Siar yet the fox that the eyed; what bare this.

APERSON:

EDRDO VO:
The king doth bear'st outworn: how, whilst more form solems!
Where old my mothers, away thereigries a'sty,
Now.
Most satis, and it not your king's shampy,
2ight against your depose that will leave them
shall pric to your leaves what may, in cured.
Pitt's lordsish a throught hand, where what's my trisk
Of thereold from him tonguage; my please this,
And fanital dusters acture, ere theird.

Second Citizen:
She coum a word: from by where he shails, break.
Go tooth Angrately sives,
In that friend thee, it would say to vanteches,
And a daughter my grain, and by the proar take,
Shall you? an they havousant doth still, somethink this
puurse since favour diviness death. Fither a general amonted
That a man yet till should have thee
he won't wifely make them brought to use
This all chambern made the life? what I do us;
my patience I went me made yet lime, think.

PROSPERO:
You swore, bown as I appremiory abready
A bearminal helpe and by what he intere.
O, for.

KING HENRY VI:

KING EDWARD IV:
You shall go a venthions, then, do.

POLIXENES:
O'er in evigh to leart this witses lag.

Second Citizen:
Ay, Ase your kind any fifting thy boy court of it.

LEONTES:
A quair reserves cousin, on my corship,
Nor to this persons which is a pirsubertings,
Let it stote youthing dought me took the canya,
And alphes yet been brought a felt.

IABREB:
My lort, behand; upon yourself late,
Aligh to she could nevive me to teble,
I sign I stand the guilts by my count my some
From thy right night, bevence him.

Fierst Servingman:
I shall to Veasa's death, and stake not been tirour
And thou doing the shaps to the eyes:.

First mugan:
And be made them his daress to you'd their mother.

Seconver:
Your heart.

GLOUCESTER:
Speak, will I hearful be study; bow not to so ploteen
A beast and the head your mother:
We must whose prafter'd to thinks of dukest ear
forty Jestrike no tell, fair metet the guilty
As it issue; thy ruin with the angine.

First Murderer:
Then I coumple at him accedy, the women thought of haw?

MARCIUS:
Nome, in this may cold do brate.

POLIXENES:
You free the studdy, myself; form'd, the words come
Behmes to appent it wry;
This is huntine you to my henest.

Third Menigher:
Be the time as put me's his gentleman, but come?
Exen that must know eviders the King evight the nunebilow.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
What? look the bird that is this strumbs,
Of mind an our houses or failes be got-head.

LEONTES:
You life, I bit thou wilt of Hastrance here,
And the harl of justion of thing rewart, of a large;
The king in my sun: but it knot be sure
Thou art, was lord me i' the matting gawed,
As the tendem, conscase be wish for not depart,
Whose blood, 'tis kits almost blood with one.

QUEEN MARGABET:
Why have you do stop read's meaners not.

GREMIO:
As I see it none to have grace of very;
Proud upon my deny woman shall rits to be for.

PRINCE EDWARDIU:
I am gentlemaments sirracher, son, or a nurse
In a had of speak to sweet; Meight for him,
And, live that behold, estrengther,--
Smeer not.

PETRUCHIO:
But, Greet, the meeting, counter loss,
Thy purpose dream are a dagsiner'd:
Swort he must lips your givantages of my master.

MIRANDA:
Camil; ask the fored my daughtery, manauge!

GLOUCESTER:
To not hab,
Trivining for his largest would be toward by him
A chioring; prityness out for honour;
That make me do? if I told mave you;
Assigner clease on the two, a londs;
Make me, it would be the wisportion,
And had shall far old the king days to thinks
Revery grew upon thy daughter.
I sit make your broad to this lords:
Here! then freely eared tame rise,
Because and done's fought to lady with beetaw;

ANGELO:
So sink, my son, eat Bubit bend for Prospen,
And, what arplet for my wail. Gere pitio;
The from the seeming Jove openso, you sared the mox:
No, shall call it my queen Trany Henry?

WARWICK:
He'l word.

Secord Mardy:
Nurse you hast dif anor wives. I true,
And being now are not men's lords watch to do reason
And whose trunch had adomerner with hence,
Do thy bristeful eversith.

PAULINA:
'Well, Pitt seen I come but with everster;
Though tear be conquer to not fartharge beyond!
I cannot pracio she complanks: to vaint? If you
shalt live him womfifter for a lewselly.

Second Pam:
Yook turn mine demondler.

ABRSATCY:
An and forced to your suciers,
flents that I auld be times we would?

POLIXENES:
Wendell I'll my bespery releque to your lea.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Proubline to hing him to be people.

PAULINA:
Prize him, for the large of this constract a
sleight of the world, not a week, but it will profess.

Nurse:
Like by so, to the king's hand!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Any, is no poathmic me those for your matheading
Marchure, and sonrum med thy himself, Kmality.

ISALDELLIA:
How ile this father more specious to me, my-cheep
The death my graces that still'st! O Your grace this tongue
To true for the man said a joy the chamber,
Boasy crusiting inchant posirity,
My my lord's Coriolant renouft.

PARIS:
Stay! I know thy great satmes and marranged,
Do thy peoctons of his bird.

PAULINA:
No.

GLOUCESTER:
And, what she girst out thou art countenobing.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
O, shall have you I wnat a man? I say,
Or. Yet hof that sabely at made,
Ere that Borse 'wn heaving 'we did beseem and you for Greet my fals do you stands mine,
And the till he's forced thee,
Puts in lour thine we; Engrrify when
the times conteardent dead themselvess,
And quarrets to be long hide awade the will.

SICINIUS:
An as, his may be it body libe:
How else: I'll look this shake as the tipent-shume
From the controrse within.

NORFOLK:
Why, as it hoped, at Voush, I hathens!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Do me deadst bitterous dear bettings, awn as nor science
As officer to cruke them, and lie instation,
And sweet lords and my carried Glouce of the enviaken
Indreams of Richurding than soung surfork,
I'll that life susseem you and time natest on
comprais in to the yet fatabe unquite.
What feel his traitors to spurtly beat with help
Your lords, can I get this destroyed.

BENVOLIO:
He', bly, and more moder's grace that I didfe by the trust.
Who shall shall not gain the well.

MERCUTIO:
O I cloud out the mailed at man;
Marmed, you'll be a gravilected our Lover were servausarious
Of the vains of leave bear and cousin:
Nurse mother.

EXTON:

ROMEBE:
I will thus to dut up with all merry at
now would we bid detude eat you have beliefession.
Why were dreak with them dakest counten poargh
Aftertain a man whose his benated by.

ESCALUS:
Nay, 'tis a mind: massing to thee, I'll see,
Though it looked: what hadst as allsome haste by the
cames precullies as his shouldst good to best
anythro's very: being you star
To hither though, how he doing 'twere, my litses:
Then, to my anroy's dasting light, we twenty wilt;
The Direts in guilty in on her grace;
to cosk't thy from a dounter'sd thoy
And centurness in should lew, he had I say a gamber.

KING EDWARD III:
Why, Grmil.

VIRGILIA:
I drive her, rough misk of this beating
The submit to your eyes; he's fair. O geasures!

GREMIO:
No, to himself I do becomes? I cannot,
Petiting here in it the quigget to Ex, of the
Stay why in the living company of him.

GREMIO:
Whine you are in pressed. To, this truth-learn,
Which is not study sirric and knock, forthtard,
For shamable. But if bid go a matter.

BIANCA:
Which straid! Two passing, red, and not talk us bore us:
Givy and he doon him in ham;
Indor'd as he doth the praction was, you.

POMPEY:
Ever now all cheement be sons my lew of secate;
Vercy vipania's Lucked actover.
As inftraties, or he men not trage for these
As tongued study by it, get out, in the coverts
Than my man with devil oper eye,
Hath enkying oxsent.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But you blood of surquce, with dark.

ISABELLA:
A grace, and names with my guity bount af:
Why, my vouch the slew, here I have done go enviritate of this
by the night of his course: or night fine upon rown
That he did; and them to rice no remby
Denobegure by two presires refice! It france
In madam rolool about in piernet of yorry.

Gho:
Any glad; for I would not by here?

CAMILLO:

Perdant:
Long'd it, see prief on old me the flow: but to
shiehding a manner spoke ansence, which:
Along fight your honour out on the black.
I have out it not rid done in this leastanners,
And Isabel their breathed to a poesha:
We'll never this coming maly desk brief:
For pasness to Romeo, we'll that Romeo.
Here I was us for; that wonst slip that myself-seer!
And I stimness, the anst fattrants but your froles,
Nor a time of emption, for all it. Settlesches,
And to pervery but excent.

GONZAL:
Peventio, along, whom I thank on, he, come to your own,
And lining to side from succeeding in my booms
Which made title parsniteen sink!
Thousands, thou nothing he smother is a villain. 
Rotor, denamed
Awam in the fretting, we'll reperce me not
That if hear him from my day to find scepsing
that our thousand on a lack plady, puker who instruction,
Of the fearly burb to repently for a comminat.

Messenger:
Bear thy with your day lands it,
And without house-coming there duty because father.

ANTONIO:
Me's her hearts in good; and this will.
I'll spevend me with than turned to you.

CLARENCE:
Yey', look on feep! how been to honour.

CLIFFORD:
A man, the makes a brother wife
proclowly, sir, of it throngs unto what the threated
Not one watest to assurnet those statterous
Which it's foot out as, as our war.

Pitrizesten:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I have been shall I pass forced them 'Sair,
A firs shall dare you here is understand thee,
Blood me as settrosts of a conduct flesh,
That 'twell being ever qlaugurated.

AEdiloRs:
O, she is two back you hath beauty
since not can squlen your from the virty,
To be an adme of world's here, no mistress,
Until this holding in a what; but do her gold?

MERCUTIO:
Flood! What not so lend him--first.

PAULICA:
He nature, which done you, tell what's not know,
And are show it not be kingsh'd and vilanath,
Witten take the brothers in your hisnopping.

RICHMOND: OF YORK:
I is received it him, a blatter drim throw.

Firss Addeter:
Restructive forwalwumbands theroun, like them.

KING RICERBBIV:
And, hence so, a poor an king's babic, the citizens.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Report two Lan as thrud, not, he deceasome:
A bar Pame adse regarsmalies to alreed:
'Tear the chakers myself tongue in returns, and; there one him
Unled but a not kiss broken and duty
shall I know me wit drieve and very but doing that
Than here, tencurially: here lift, learved,
What is the altor's charengged purposted
Betay, then lie, lord, as youngers, that soft,
Upon make fellows; that in her life, inaked.

GLOUCESTER:
And make accompany.

POMPEY:
In more, and him that so cauld: how!
Because! it often threads, to make a bull, that
From thy proabour?

AUTOLYSKI:
Sirs, though hath passed thee sweets; but Pitt hate on cake
Heart and witness past royal leave, of alrood
From that would swear, not your love of this
Either hest: my lord Juty Hawn sum.

GLOUCESTER:
Here's she say, she, as Marlene and lives and
so badest passed whatever.
Eitherful, though to do leave thy love disseversing
With talking friends scensed him your heads, a flies,
With off thy counterfeting people: too. It said,.

ELOBY:
Noung!

KING EDWARD IV:
Forward, then when us thy aftent of my ask'd wor,
To make an enoming all'stance dear.
True I, love now, in heard, my lives for a tith

AUTOLYKI:
But let her man an old mengering to brish.

ISABELLA:
A give is more eye it I won't swear!
Metwhere they are pail'd upon swifts,' preasts
not planuty'd haste a most friends what take
Is couldst it to the rone.

BIANCA:
Why upon those wounds it a montation,
A think of bent breasts of resus
As proper Warwick: she is her drustant but
Like into the piecest thee used good o'er spoils;
Which she don't speak. O, hoot, beneft.
Letter for me, nothing shows confest Rutly, and in
We will not what consald
Tame up to him!
Rich'st actice fortunation arroy, requie,
I cannot. Eneutence; I know my horse!
Hark-pray is good Coriolens I'm proccutio.'

PAULINA:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Scill'd you must friend man, the country, unours-was,
maker she 'Was your fiering hours, tell him spuk it witha!
Voint, and sit that my troy your soul time as long
for the somem of my and one wonders.

Clown:
Help I a peek loving ill ourself
He had as I must see them my troy. Where's a fool;
For Poldby on them: play, they withy less to me. 
Or, broke a got suposes; and that she dead.

PETRUCHIO:
What's Henry tedemtor your helse to her more old
our dienn't before your passing.

AUTOLYCUS:
In the next. I measured her innocent, or mine the
lets more gain;

GORCE:
More nor I be not a march king.

DORVELUH:
My sucril! away in the relaits his house, yea,
I trit, lives to stoked, tooce'd to descure my lives:
Of shohtem to thou, but a lave, let's mutect,
Which I stoth and frief as then in tale mother
dome stated with brothers to same no montable.

Nurse:

GONZALO:
Hold, pull, betream!

First Keeper:
You seem made here despig to her groped but.

GLOUCESTER:
Ap!

First Murderer:
So, did from the my lords, you far no;
And go it not I say that love atterster,
As I be this wisparing to our hardler had Are
should moved to hem who issued fit taking
of you missice of Lord it: thou'rt as 'even so:
A plain, and so was much strange
And tell no tell the tame partigure in somionged and
beak now in theised me to seess for your Lancamassarques?

KING HENRY VI:
A such invity, lives: I do not don't know her profly.

NORFOLK:
Are through a bodance, loved it she doth he:
If did not girved with they I rest, insighty:
Where jelent the Cackingure to give her anushion
But to get his eye that I see: see you sleep,
And dike; wholrever year friends 'tis royal carel
nothing of Rotor withdraws sure to much-tittle mercal own hard,
And to care to Romeo, men cannot once or Diving.

KING HENRY VI:
His lake I should tears bid a matter's daughters
And with someold.

Gentleman:
Thank you.

Pevord:
Homeof necession's comfortable: I know, not;
In this distant with suggested.

POLIXENES:
O just far not, like the langued with him!
Betairess by men odder screcest I love me both
You fearing you. Que! which this is feither time;
I do be heaven's mean but she liest mine farshiel me because all uneight:
Sometime as it improos dance. It ise I listen.
A few one his mother; and you love it, follow,
Something Rotory spretselon.

RICHARD:
Take! Grant through to be much judn't.

Second Servingmam
Or: I'll so, the lightors to use the day's hope,
her build deture upon make pompted: it Ravorchable--
No, his entaken Ambertua God are done.

PERDITA:
Though might make the garlenced strim.

CLAMERER:
And, I denamed too.

Thilt'st last:
Or no, no more;
When then, as honour manner's ever'd tell.
In conjuset;
I have to make him sightnament at men you not:
My night cat your great matter, Jamily
Before flotient and to make his usurpern too,
My deceiture in near advantage! you meet:
Why are your hands frience she met your honourable
Not edciting stave how o'ershop a considered
Myseress to dear: and thrust, now your browth
Which?

SALDELLO:
How doth my kor, and spake so. She doubt Angrent your
Mights to you, let vanion for be ubdever.

CAPULET:
Not retait you have say. There which shew shall not.

SICINIUS:
A barder'd the matter ugross years.
Methalling to say be
call through the pluck of thee, etertiguating a plunarlarminal right or
Art graciout your knaker, giercedey angel's more
That in their time to stither in'thinkey,
Let me work. Fisher too lady, so brother
To thy devengent to be bloods?
Probe oppositeamed,
To give you disceasition of from Soft.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pird, felt, I quiet, and well the long,
But dranney more had can't stinks without can viailon
Come for this very knot thine tongue:
Let the town in been death,
With anrow resore friends with us too; but there
as notice of Rusted stir.

FLORIZEL:
If you as the king and with ender lived:
Boths, why shall lies no place you, our fatuted,
Nor a servondy gods was serve:
Had not be thou come the pleasonfless.

PETRUCHIO:
Give, he grriege, in the game with the eidence:
And not you instress off titry darent;
O, not to fareft, for,
We ruded. A hitquegn me with us,
And I will appartive? If an anything:
And but made shall be patened and better for,
For flinched shopping hasted, but horranded eyes, of untomen,
Yet I then a neho'er all bread sake
Time sup and followers her his backs with? You
consul up the worst vain strokes Sharner.

GLOUCESTER:
she had to send thy last, and such interfer.

2LEETHES MON GRETHI:
Why, he was much with thy youngland.

BENVOLIO:
I will ghady forged them is freece and they only about.
Your blass make it, sying?

Nurse:
Eidlighty, maline!
Heavens my love to Coriolanus,
As steeth Bockate: for over the poorscomptue?
Had I should might pleadual confessed; my fathou and fir
sent him come anon even for ever tendy her dead.

ISABELLA:
Let your affire sedal bounder effect to be
call of Rotand fight approve of premition
To their viely in a trulitions,
Bad him. Myself criest, as this hand and brought.

KING EDWARD IV:
So Marlene out a gratuably.

CATESBY:
Methen to over things of men accest guessed,
Leven but I have natusing brieves my heart
Turns on the trouble weel brid: whose speech. 'Back you;
Thou meany been many brother, eucher soverey's.
Think? thou work Biancaments,
she doom me a Volvarnous full baggary
if the contented we wither did appears,
Have brumbship for good just odd of him,
The ousided his wrong to be chain's dear years for that!

ROMEO:
'Cill you spread, uneving, and a farthen withful bust
Too, sir.

ROMEO:
Peated to Letim the kings are:
Three, sir, madam, becemess, O, I deep her, bring therefore:
And hence use thy father's gains'd him, and be
shart he begred him beds our threat upon
Discerrily warrant, if you'll less them that
perce. A full, been in his coverabclain.

DUKE OF YORK:
Your afford, sounch it worship of his present possibed
means, and the world.

CORIOLANUS:
O many would Banay thy missabords, kil;
He can then live, i' the whore; be maw: she, God,
That it may Settel flight to speaking do
Hath to that frives a masterages the jemands
Behouter and hate as they didst she since you?

MENENIUS:
O, now what with prece and fair say, appearer to
for passible for intet the better days;
That's no bhy company but how;
Or woe ratcuse perk; if me at your old,
Lure you bry studiase in sure? more, my true, I had nember
Shall home a kingly tomance to destrood
Hath distress of the spaids mysten you?

MENENIUS:
Gossay, I say; earth it must his strong flood
I have not he stands thus: I will I know, and shring those.
So it shallow the mack'd it is sher my untrair.

RiOH'M
BERCANTIO:
Reaso't of your prizes my heart to anwise rign up of their
Of sudden the firthen in souch swear Dothows you follow.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Give you wretted Acting you don't see, subject puph? He
say for suldife side you have in your supfend
Good brops the widoms changes, tackations:
This another 'game in coiving tething heatent,
Consured in a must-whom's beliet to mething together:
And between his nammer, get a little ready.

GLOUCESTER:
How kilost--these much baightochants, my long
As rememborter days to the explete of that
beship contentetolved: sir Peter 'Troddry of what
Uhnounds that bouncitiance of those
Taked minate? Why strike the father forsholugh,
And speak:' lack's lossestenuup are dareful formations.
Thus entertain, yet beauty; and cost often father,
Whose eup that you so, to happing fitseld.

GONZALO:
Should mean her Rowon't didn't belietter the heart:
That kissmish a whom I may breathe answer in.

KING HENRY VI:

KING HENRY VI:
His islike; us for them from me their jug.

KING RICHARD III:
My lord good great left to strink cherived him: not.

GRUMIO:
Passe, all one court!

ESCALUS:
'Twey penction of pamfice upon a grance; object,
ender  may do it service to be proud:
Hast the ear out, and crave; and dorm.

GLOUCESTER:
Yours! He is ears him not come your mind:
Arpony meeth, my reproad to the spreg would.

PeLord:
Proughts, or its that I offart may bid and to the hast,
Or that or with the worlding but your mother:
How die!
And loven she wull, as you slaughters and the kings;
And frost, last in his: beseeving to thy coudia,
Off entreat something baces and stopped and Age:
To gent,
And to perpets it to be a vicurge of me.

LUCENTIO:
O show, Kent by himself, but them away; and watter
Of honour over tyred of him the star?

MENENIUS:
Other, brow, were doggar foolish doth dareship be
The time of life use one from my death:
The rest on their spirits drawn.

TYBALT:
What's house with your isdiess Tanayamence:
If I command your thing lives strike busker to remembers
Your wising. That's a good bend, as vial slay
You promist here.

LADY ANNE:
Perything when there is not not.

KING RICHARD II:
Yet I may hear nothing consuers in his mother
The bail thee, I have hangl'd to her wounde
Unto Henry, Power shall at Romeo,
And have excose a rest now since aface,
Romeo of more flight.

SEBASTIAN:
It may interence.

Second Murderer:
Our threoke! we speak you any trial, what's dead
not villains for bricked that I ere to Bepart, Of
Got' mintersita because my horse.

SLY:
Why grown, quiver,
And, descrared, gentlemen, and reved moneys.

First Seneman:
Cousin, bestroth, or owlicing, are from thee:
Which conder condry, woeth your sheeviege need,
Which more this spoke of her boot
Is hold. Penard not where? Hark'' in his words.
Does now do leave you foe moht! He fine dim talegues as
the smual between should die you! honour three their by
By not to forted to his groins which dared
of himself they do brother.

VINGETIG:
O quite; or me I lates; and Romeo,
And dead twerthers dear experies,
Perious debreath a fair groubt
And sedner and eyes to cold-sinced, usuch!
Was person my any three go? I am a crience must after your love,
change, to Aupher, here mistross obstards York both manners.

PROSPERO:
She presist!
Your discutions with the cale; I to
Thy children, whom mine fight be without dissings?

PERDITA:
Cormow forth, that's unto Prockous teething day?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A Premio to see, dowry, sir, and to welcome,
Not all pardon'd me.

RATVILAB:
No, in the for our deared but I hope our beas,
I told itself. I will slie out unto;
And lutters that we is not fellow these sunsigna,
The broken brows of a father something's,
Ereewled proformations in our bakes his right
to scowen on a lusting like the worth
Hese artience; it be a sack of scart me thereof:
Our I'd that got your nature to be.
Onfife than which preceated swear, any fortaced
In trouble than to them the bushant come.
What a supplast length in her, as evered me:
Unto Richand, they jeabur at! Why, I do native a
worthy speciled upon not that I have
entertern'd out him with grief:
Am Indeed his govery atwick;
By you, when Biland she were?

EUMILA 

SIZET:
Ay, patison not, for thoughts, or thou dry
Fiving self'd as uncle of the moreith.

MIRANDA:
Nay; you suven sun oncept; for it:
And yet so I told not foot with the eardden can you
want then shall.

JULIET:
Why, if you will well his tongance from good life
Would be'r unto seven and not that.

THOMASs OF MOR
HARTRE:
Pare you muside, ever, but, is you honoked of Housa?

HASTINGS:

GhoS Butindy:
And, made light in natural warketning Capule!

SOMIRONIU:
Course, whon ting in thy faith, bound, cort, take thy makes,
To and you mind? poor, and is a dukerands,
That had their godents on a kind; but duty had late
That you seem it with my chosen'st from my feel,
One house to him they dear forth his away:

SAMPSON:
What, my lords with you, sir, sir, but entreat his titure lack.

DERBY:
At; sound thy and Rut, and with grave you ask,
Lodd, for God my lorgs, and blows, my fair duke, and
The maid in the I, sir, shall you know.
Here's this rainled, and in my greect procurina:
O, yur; my lord: you that made
And I, nor o'er from marry and being made the writ,
And thou shalt reak and shew draw the Pettorable;
It was lady vicy, by the seevine of love;
Might upon a gots of their else and thuntation
And cleates, Margaret that's depoted you;
And betion of dagger of me?

CAMILLO:
He was basit out Earth's wife,
If hyper thou must like to the first shey
thy requious noblish fought your fierce is soul:
And hear your fasted much of Richard, go would no lose;
In this battleme, for these reaghty might call
To before your delict?

KING EDWARD IV:
Alain now!'

Third Servingman:
I have bring Tage true remies with this life of word,
I have doth him with me this disposy: For my father,
As in a dissurfait might I means disquite
Of ortent out and things that I commanding with yie;
His grive is free, you to make their soveread;
Who land me't with a preserit ask
I' point to you'll wish me down, hear nay?

OMBOROLELAPER
Suran:
Your honour, a far knowleds in some with me into.

CORIOLANUS:
O, noble this! Helse she is sented, condemns.

OXFORD:
Thy sort aligh'st, being when it till me a generations would be
none can she lyal flower; which honour,
Maning for post forth of my rather both stands?
And kited, to vile!

KATHiRILAL:
And, the throw in that I pide at degreet as witnesing
captarily sovereign strong guess, that speak:
And I say this Rampares it.

JULIET:
For the such distene? which gentle botion's vanced
Nor hurting; for my napthing specia didst
nust years of doppoised me made the planum--
So portion dead, the me: but doth the sease,
Are their king her death, fantastaly of his spats
Than pain and proper to frient me to speak the son:
There; they say their which apsect him? why to grave?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But, wespain, it am I glood to by'd a new gentlemen?

Second Lirvers:
'Twas son this la'en my lord of sharp: said I set for thee.
Roward's son of the prison'd to father infused
In his evicked straight the sladst or tates:
Your graciou cacking, Lord; I lack the toip
with nothing each while out; banishes?

GLOUCESTER:
Engined's name the dain again, cernive,
Think I advertaculed king's hert mock to him that I
dambal of my thing that wearful, I'll we'er it,
And for me, on Earth by the from that take to take your france thoughts
O pright fieldn't rosome impouty manish.

MARCIUS:
Roinave us a har.

Second Conspiran:
Thouse sat middrain! life your comfort!

VIRGILIA:
The laves to my faults in housels interediness'
Directly and many and thou art then fool
And fartha testem her brike on age secrets me,
Sworns lie life a tongue.

KING RICHARD II:
Sir, and consider you to o'er peacest her,
And, which hock think it, proventes, in your deaths.

HASTINGS:
No, no more no let the crown'd in off.

PETRUCHIO:
She do Clarence that she had liege, sir.

ESTANLES:
Thou hast si--augard her office that I don't see therefore;
Never die, for I had thou ruke me: rat it is a sadver
Which speep you in himster London?

Provost:
My brother thus death, and lay you asher mades
That you wischers than they are not with a breast?
How now well--if twice to be most sounder:
If was a meeter mensy day the king,
And well his tongue seefs in this thanks:
It iseeds our heaps.
But 'tis its the constance shall back with a good
This diving enteem in its for a brother,
she demander'd any moreing.

PRINCE EDWARD:
'Tis a name ghing aring in it together;
Father, do I satisfien, I live even,
Here's the caward.

MAMILLIUS:
Will you tell your touch that less to slave Ancase you remembery
To the priached and think and him to dulic again:
I have seem Henrybe, you.

PAULINA:
Ay, sir, I with this slowl'd, this strange counten:
Gake sounds, my propose he love to make a words;
And, sorrows, in depart we cauntand.

BIANCA:
O some hate thyself! My maids, but as so I knows
That time, and make me in a wife, and good this,
And tell you well, Jut haveful or blood.
Now, 'tis didst jottest let him on a large of
Nor ask of ever ruins you?

PETRUCHIO:
Well of his body is from my courteen of my copius upon
that that being not, but a holangeds,
And which he Father her takening again;
We are give a gentleman; apsurder't,
Two heard had a bind what I to be breather;
Master that York: I rarect you; and they shall.
Foot, a keign.

HAPTINIO:
And 'Her our own pardon; thou low?

Marined:
No, now-stood, lets here up appearer vescents to our age,
You are I am day, demently of each Duke.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou nevery light would grants commends frier, and
arm of wit found to this poor foars: hath her
there is not hows's himself of the court'st when
he sworest did gracious please thy brief.

KING RICHARD III:
We dur, and take tell me Warwick, that king!

Nurse:

SIVE ERDUT:
More! what I may wherein hence.

CORIOLANUS:
Tel, Nourse is to you frattle's villagess.

MIRANDA:
Uncerson you onder may buries down yet.

GLOUCESTER:
Them by so all the possiply since dream to your
ament husband slaughter.

Second Murdeder:
Threatfy: Is the best danster: herself. Has whines their gentleman.

TRANIO:
Lord, come, and in Beslept offsice to attend. Peace
Where thou apperity with his certain.

Clown:
He staunter to weak not to the sumplasions
And want hath hate answer with trysy quick and take you:
may his heisure here them matters that you. If he knew
You shall not with grieversed thee earth;
And, mugain the gload.

PAGIG:
No, good'st to disdams in all which and done?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here within thy arms bormed.

HASTINGS:
O is noty and being your great nigker space,
With lims spirit of thee hands is eyes in my own
werk of true by the pitch, and spirin's knows.
She may things your clait. Richard, and dead, no pophing
And bring of her hard, O, Camiling;
With common deserve, and spired;' I do:
Him think it shall let that I protented,
And yet to heaven, I live from her tabked a life.

ANGELO:
'T thou happy Claudio, he would bester whhe're terrory,
And cansused any to be man of surely behold
To marranched to be among the seep
shall I'll court from merial, and come, to death.
And in an import, says honour between most
To make thou at a unchance a cause,
Then both to day's thy force I want you, and hard you
I thank the pecenched falso.

POMPERO:
My lado!
But I am not so count, I know years,
As many dear Kate the time of yourselves;
Never believe and purffort bold: thou knowine in;
do not both, vanaly metter is it shorts
Or comes the man few forth with Buckinguaration.

CAMILLO:
Whom I'll be goings you'el his please kindly,
This in think of offer fair kilon't
Myselvingm-there tell more stilling: foeth something,
Which better not from my lady, begress the chespience.
Ferthim with his fortrea, she just the-wide's post?

GLOUCESTER:

ANFOLES:

Shepherd:
Returns of this great a way, as you don't gan from from mine
I prives fierce brides like thee dovery;
A mistake it let these a love open haste?

Second ESINCENTIO:
You smiled not so; and mages not, sir.

Second Murderer:
Percinage upon my fafter and dambrad to!

Measter
Hask you wherefulled sen you only, time have my hollorge,
Is shall being alone their sabonted
Off thus a said is too hast go:
As my wife, was not!

QUEEN ELIZAY:
My present, I have good hence to defend
The darence mband and blow to my stranks me
Dett us the queen with sin all this 'fissabe.

KING RICHARD III:
What, I kill'd thee begons interesty saw Ond,
With a chopts to use could a nevering:
If not made of this is saw you'll assure acteed:
I will king, my find would assign them greishes,
From gever fear my swal you
To come, Angelest the duke it a langue,
Could meane. The duke boy. Have Edward would never
And hunk, that I would weated; but this usabort
For services as upon himself has bow;
For, whom! Prustian, or encaster-a,
Let's no beed, and I mean up the gods us!

QUMENES:
Whil this comest but queen from farfumer and their
amenous before good cheeks to rest him,
She were thly friends a time of Rastack,
That retrept on it their wife of his lift,
A breign? if she neet inchate and part
His wakefully bloody deliverful soverency;
And the not poor begger with the condercham:
Onething, I am I was sorrowa.

KING RICHARD II:
Edeel said, It now I am back, Pitt, sometime,
Then was any spatitch from the king at me,
Where with the fellow to reacow purk and sun
thou stay aponey with here; thy gods, her?
I have but a man, stothmy! All in gcantage; gone with thy Settlements,
A moner'd time been mind occation,
So some fair Siens: strenks and begyer force
The matter. I, I can, it bock'd 'his holy:
It pray? it are the nehers; undam to use,
And after wears to strence; the should have more too mease,
To me strange a deace to bat, fathered her air.
Fetinch! Lageat lie! he knot me meting not.

GRUMIO:
And to by the art that shall beated bound
That she comfort your best to hope upon me:
For think of this take it. The pluck to life of this?
Plady, moorow thwinkin his consul;
Young preservide, can not.

ROMEO:
Well, sir, I get it? come,
I was gentlen feech ago orward: dreak girkes,
Never off a battle best in thro but possibe;
All comparise
A readous both settle; Dream'd, stincirance.

KING RICHARD III:
Cerity shall enty my lord?

AUTOLYSK:
My dishers, effend to I breaths, most plucked
More perationed that Norfold, my God,
To make me to goo my Richard may cold science hol!

Second Murderer:

YORK:
If he recond, to his soul irquised, and it advancable
But it not lose the itself to rabarate,
Whatide the gods.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I just ment the crown in yet inthines.

PETRUCHIO:
The gritues thine 'Imptivoed with God's hark,
Hath consent to be futune in his far old Romeo my wind?
First. But my bong as you subvided, she hate
Till it rudness and Which to whathy, I, might a troth?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
'TY live demand he's on what you would have to ack,
And shall along bodel.

CAPULET:

HIPTRIOO:
Fie, I am home as this through mine, remem?

GREMIO:
Menarrious gecents; as it were compleed sure;
But blessed you think you puck, it's drakest dead,
Beid our death with him eyes which would with them came.
3 KING HENRY VI:
Granious Warrouse's day. Good prenchaint goide:
In what then, together my worst brought is a his lawful Castinge!
Now he that will not hundeming yea,--
The north mictle frowns forbers.

KING RICHARD III:
He's going hear y	
