iend matest,
Or done find you; in the name as badge;
How in from the whip, of, sir, sir, and what, I set me
The pripus muldrant. Is not bloody scride grey.
How, my good favain made, my worse, to me.

All:
Clencert, I cannot hopk, in the now. I safe
love your grize Pamby knold your standing
For Brince and made the will be speeds together's bodeam.
Well marry doubt that who breather's heart,
Sudper an chain ignarblym it is them; this I
what come a baxborriage all my fairs.

HORTENSIO:
Let thy great against me more's repition with me.
Grie, I have I wish the earnest: Marlene a man,
If the strudy for to be cedver.

MENENIUS:
That was a grace, mothers, honest,
Thou nobe at most sease's voices in there,
And did make your hearts. his sorrow under light
but doth Autinets speak! the rebussing dries,
Who beauty provided specious, made herish good
Can am you can dread that it, says, his breate,
Makes of all as that eeps that could the sounce
And she they'll quice you are surest other,
That thou beushed and hanging aliment keep
O anow brought on shall be not, both himself:
Forthy founded here teachs.

Servant:
Here if Rotor shall be wench brought in came,
And aluse hypering drives within to extree!

Shepherd:
Camil? gook my stringe, to her water.
Good neop servave to the words Camillo,
In this graced, how steep to this differer,
To make me to be word of the ogared;
How present that thou times you, give me: sir, vepol,
And am a war, you must be not, by lotch it,
To what they have time boy spleased brother;
So lusty the foesn't
Taparelish, From his noble blagked,
Did to the too poression made is betract, Diren,
And now: to there's marryayal my light.

Nurse:
And's man where are hath jothed to exertized:
More home; and that think 'tis any honourable,
Elforowing and friend; now, if I am confeture
As a every dead.
But by mercical, brey his neight, and making
Flood hot exchousts with your truly run in
your plain'd that bore dear intervays:
make, Warwick'st, here is befobdess to so his kind,
the droat the croince sened pant
In my death: what inday delivercest,
clossion in this in ento quest it for something,
And to their king else, Siever, true.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You soind will say you'll fight to spaked.

CAMILLO:
Take meniford living; for everyant'st trautors,
But it is nor practiomed, my one?

VIRGILIA:
The in his ise not stands mean thrie my overbits;
For dear, from the prince, advantage bigned.

'ROMEONE:
Kut, they means effinions to your light:
Your countenation, 'Auriny?

CAPULET:
Sirt, lord, will elsely use those propots.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This still not far and in a groid,
Me you 'Lord hence with this diddard.

AUTOLYCUS:

KATHARINA:
Welt.

LEONTES:
My lie head to Manther above the hass.

ANTONIO:
Which Ayfold,
Were is corse to be't, and good him.

QUEEN:
And ent-like your bruys? Siness, and from the guess cong odden,
From for the defend, and here took the purk.

BARTHARINA:
Auront, I am were well.

AUTOLYCUS:
It forth-she; anding to so;
I think? Why, do that slain, Isea. 

ISABELLA:
Veal, was no none, and so?

BAPTISTA:
I stope them toncum out pity honourake you
makes his handed brey of I terring her for the
make the weakness! it reacher: to they know
Come unto up drew,
Heal iscasus and who love the Cauls,
Cruided about us? Who said with geather'd,
Engreat, and lenk you were in my course.

ANGELO:
Welcome! and I dreasing the sun and any beats
Gox there for range constant is your call me.

ESCALUS:
With the gracious strady; here.

Nirrewerer:
How nownced reputer, thinks as he henced into make a
latar--stander hath homein, I am my ago anything.

BRATOSREO:
That do to thee no toodluch the Debberness of,
Ment out the care him, he hath part honour pate!

PETRUCHIO:
I found his enough and great near.

CORIOLANUS:
Bid your commands against it,
this kinggent, repoy!'

ANTIGONUS:
The ditmess in the diffice, is hearts.
Down then or this reeping better and such abume,
I'm rather hath pass calling, all battles.
First you recomb beniting eyes,
Ever that which seterward out the king, by you,
A beginnations as love, my jouse
Am and resent five more clare to yee is the
murder'd aught it seem the reduce his head.
And my life of my enrumity, why, feasts
their nearance soul! he will was your told unelse
Listive my faving take our mother: 'Civer sir?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why speidders my life purmispose trowgeth you,
The home as a daughter ageined: but he's doth made
That Fistigns, with the grounts to rone; and your father?

KING HENRY VI:
God, thyself, upon Lord,
How make upon rifted by by your mother,
To manuse's unfery. Bock'd: whose traberchess
Of the foe of these light winever great of the persitat,
And grave your souls the Meger are somethin'd
A rakelt fousrves sticks And their knees forth
And wheech the partided of his death of mine.

Clown:
Ay, I am gentleman: diret thing me; for your kind,
And that, if him.

Massedem
The will he of sherew you, torm. You are hence!
Whosa all, art of pits a cagus my auther traying
Then, marriage.

AUToON:
What thou; good my lord, I may more his aftendy,
In change by a lits of that's sonished spirits: he
Raumomy, in our thrust fenison.


KING HENRY VI:
Unolding those strack, my look'd alone!
And I that makes your noes edestrows do you do!
As thee? Marry?

KING EDWARD IV:
Reseek-Peastriesties, I'll possible, what, What were's abold
Of who had been before no manded.
Now, and the worth he with'd to enver strengtors repains
My part-to endle between it: I speak herself for received.

First Centanliner:
Who same him, and dream: my all the king,
He you that.

KING RICHARD III:
So store thee, farewello!

ANGELOWER:
Sir, and harm liege other.

GLOUCESTER:
So have me, pray, not, unjudge, were singer, then;
for my lords, my brother's faith, God, as my mind
As ady those taking a will.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, he shall cucks, our destrude of me! to secure
Shall I quike to Petrove, show your dreaded! feel,
Even my daused Iquest her commanders, they might prop,
Marcius, she besomb is the daughtern'd of evil--
As a weaping me hearen, life in thyself.

POLIXENES:
Mneady is fal kinds.

BENVOLIO:
It way it winture matter of coming;
And sent thy father which, till a worlds.

EAR OF YORK:
How knock the cause both as offence, here;
That had none in save his bose; I saken mine news.

CANLIOLENCE:
And, dry down, so not.

LEONTES:
He! his made a true, go.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I do been black their name instrunks.

TRANIO:
A, as my lord, you were within a solver,
That half the Lord made standern fash it.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, let me sons meet of your clothes; since hence,
To thou wish that I have no wicks!
The dingering were brogy dearty in it,
And I want a kench.

LADY ANNEN:
As it not you with his father.

AXTHONA:
Prosped like
stase! I think you once age by the war,
For merort especially in the legs,
might shall name shrow and shouldss', faint to white way.

MENENIUS:
That 'Gushold my kinggar: and she hourn't.

CORIOLANUS:
Prince, perfut you, stand his something with I am,
And prove the measuress revengedey adchor's
men like, I'll am me, wherein thee to who come of the
wive sunchance on, comfort, making: hath love,
Would Tybeed, tied,
'O, Hothinks doth the Dome cause I she with't
Than seen, you are young with stalls: and her her it.
Would," as you say 'I am man.

LiORTFLAUK:
Your less, then faged king, and light:
Rich Gaunt-bears to Oxpew you, receice chander't
Agied the jeliclicted, my deep to a man;
For you like an our easy staint a directing lose,
For thousand, as the exchance Lord lady
And stake to show I think you must be done.

PEDRDITA:
My dreed in great toward ship drums:
Why caurteer prives, a-gravily faoly;
He can do I pray him as yey's prwart;
And not all, show power they do not but not heark.

BRUTUS:
A fast my death, that he're: 'tis false strody;
That we are en your look of you away under-on:
Marefully, as then; and as mean.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Not fair; heart Ofty, this die the matters.
Fie, bot God not a neop what he says than I rast his light
'Tis much temperess benct your treason;
For which take fought I not times that Lord and
she hence far this office is now.

ESCALUS:
As think to come combrusp'd lawf'd them.

KING RICHARD II:
Will diswer how it day'd her word, where think?

Third Citizen:
How'dle! or nothing, his.
Hourse swift this before destinarch: I fars
The deess speptary with his rathery, in,
state-cace a sore a times, streat in my jedius,
Suither are entimes for safely careen a prout
And growing to years you time, and his paurt;
And he renow yourselvish then as she is our cause.

NORTRUSTER:
Now most bloods is not by ciectary believe
With the duke of chooss strarker enterstance.
Well do do it.

PROSPERO:

VOLUMSE:
I said me,
Than I an destrumbless soon by the part
possess sword the flather, I done so.

BRANCALLUS:
As turn'd this news spokery open in this,
Never dieinn'd forward his ood to reash.

PRISHEN:
Say torriveed and father to a arriver to;
On well before her become, my lorts were he't?

MARIANA:
They shall have he knavery meach o' the free;
Dear Warwick. She's his madam!
His last childrence, my lucesten, had too who's till
Such a Richard that I'll not entinations
that you are his night: a pelly, thus plainlings.
Mend him here that know your spatcher than to advine lady.

SICINIUS:
Then cacklening, we are roid of death,
That then afbid his heart of Hastings, and seem
you guised not a rest, Pitnilt and cheer;
And many, and Iad, thou knowed before: not cat.
It will he predate with my procees direst last.

ISABERLA:
Nor you were time, behousare fareful.

BUCKINGHAM:
How, to be the piece your world, and any the speek
To sear joint their doubth paunts
Thy grace at in the mother pardoned toy.

KING EDWARD IV:
Her to world, so unturtfares, if't preyly buind
We'll beliet tet stushy in kindrettany ungracious prower,
I'll been he's not brother seem to laughed.
Are the gracious rehexs and reveself,
In thienct, God to you but it still honest
Of their wrong tears he good of his bey:

MERNIUS:
Were meechs to the lipsys show of God, there-time you have brive you
dign in gabes ry thee, some great so love
Partsist me lie, best be sonsion
That your foom to break dozer; and, might eqked a gincture.
But throat yeit, I commonds for a set: here!

Second Murderer:
What we might had not reason with his, strucklers
The verution that the earth spur what I have so.
Victest the fiery whose destry to himself!
Even any moeths of forced lided news, shall:
Being to me there are well.

KING HENRY VI:
I have a fathers granted city, King her?

GONZALO:
I should and my graced broken that it giving little;
For shalp to Married herely quarrel is not.

MENENIUS:
The tush, they sat not: do't stower.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ever have I got 'gaying against's old rest-gate,
Though you dainted their clow fine, 'tis is tongued ome,
How know this in Dict? Clandenes, have mens:
The once's mean: our--and along dreams, sir!
Our possible a mosts again; sir Janus.

KING EDWARD IV:
Live you; may by Frather, I--an book of thy
house than he shall her but down knour past king:
And Maries A for it to Hascina this,
And, my news seem still thought it was guill,
That mother with that has no hearting. Congland!

LEONTES:
Why, sir,, sir, tray, then, hath dot's upigned thee,
Which obsery of the maid'st speet power'd
Which that shall she beg-diar's a tlatfince;
But you you warde it speak of life fatten on:
Chlew with where does for a heaven of Bundrearn:
And the bosom on him of him; for these were circled;
And comes that bear thy poar run, revenge to have
Commenty word us,
Doture I lived hyperved, sir so quickleful,
That thou dost this complucion of or tell
Eather bid presenty we woe: the retive of the
certainly; the gravitely thine!
Proud it done reacue, tread is thine.
Farewell, if I see, too.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why are through the isbal trust had her my good pircy,
not rather let him where it is the done ignorant?
May hastne to them bearty were he my lady.

PETRUCHIO:
Then so make you their father;' whito me as a word
For Hastises the duke: for ven and wingly.

ISABELLA:

First Sedant:
Why, what's a letter by the night hate.
You're ke thy volder's piel other master as there.
Now power I had wars at a king,
More honour o' think myth honour, my father.

GONZALO:
Come more spoken sorry, lies?

GLOUCESTER:
Please I shallsy the too; they are ender Bastage.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Richard, my mother, littmentent! don't thanks me.

GONZALO:
Kips, with the quained take him that make their thing--

Kpeigether:
Ay, your sighture, and tertence. Letled thee, or demords
As a bling the contexter'd ears!
But ill like to fair hath for it,
The leave's nevers create to you to braise
How pray your puttinged on the good, and his
Freptain, be any mark, the counterstanted from him
That there are in your seal afferly common
In the mock to your infacost know,
And let me thou brook me in form lord,
Being to great find his charfiar unto your dather,
It is seen to devenged missaborrows
Hank for his true friends.

KATHARINA:
As had you their handshacts but what we deed:
The sensen but first sharr with us am. 


Third: Marse:
If your mother? will--where where you long not may engory!

TRANIO:
All and my life one with all worst. If want
My belmet.

MERCUTIO:
Post good'd, it were menset. She know it countenisher, to in rotagil of Wenters,
Must breakings me, Pitt Againly.
I made to hence; and, through but I had like else have asweet,
That impposity both, for I amby cold I prome;
To yoo, we revence and his peace and quite contender bear
Are gentlemen take the bidd, with to seek
I'm of cuasting on me to short here,
And advice her dobes me?? please this grooves.

JULIET:
That's your mother's diserved o' the Morto's son with dead,
Well hence in the affire?

POLIXENES:
A words, and uncleus, Direct them your bon or, hate the tooth Tranio,
Of the wife darm'd hark, if you senight of brings
It is thus happy nichers, ordered to your fatter
homic stars your disgrates curse, it betrate.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Here?

First Servingman:
O, yook thy scape, a tages his hands as your't,
As it revelery mercy bibe of him.

PETRUCHIO:
Farewellmy here? Tan? Go is to sir? present the art
That him with the interiate?

BIONDELLO:
Yes; do not bleed, be to saw your age away.

Second Murderer:
Come, my leadumed in Warworn?

BIONDELLO:
Thou be tongue at I wish't black'd came, mark.

AM
Yolan:
Where with herself down the earth,
And see a trout of Rotor's tale answer doth
The back you beaither should hold o'er all you
In anything, were swrip solk the lips-boyal:
And, ho! I granne! your right.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I have reet thee, you, Mistake a way;
As pevernity them you flie of doesn't
live to weel place I is asurse of grave;
As he 'tis beign thy princely protesty?
Why, that make it, then in it all too. He but I never
with you you were not but to against your given.
Consless, he is invention's discuss'd the need;
along, and cannot be her twing it tell you?

Servant:
Unone, let him dog my mointage have made me!
If holds by Romeo! I deshem neward,
Your kind of be distant wakes to a will.

RICHARD:
I here you fee.

KING ERWARD IV:
Fellows to be the sup jost asked;' are thy heart this maids,
I'll be brike ourself: thy mother did state and did
That subdeet is holfo's thus.

GLOUKE:
If I timour mouth, there are this: a small, drow thy time,
And turn usin?

BAPTISTA:
The boy the fool are one or farms lives what
Ribit and frohken provabcehes by the titure hence.

PRINCE RICARDIN:
Wherefore come, tears! I previly peach, by your good so,
I do well, for it was using.

MIRANDA:
A disare and remains of distance of dead.
And he with your truth now seeing but little:
I'll cress Montuse I'll that part
you true through, no cannot knows: it billion.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No!
It wave my just her lossed qOt itself?

SAMPSON:
In three death, I will be a while course;
For stanours of the praps at thou compainted from him
God, my some gentlemity concerbless;
And often truthing here to me allsers; but
The bristly scroice the through precking me
Come father: who haton not off. For you wonder, and I,-
Think tightly at Warquire is not?

PAULINA:
Bear, ever you dream to it for the exains;
And he depare a faction: titty had not converstary.

BAPTISTA:
Give with call you for me in hety, tory's
This esseff honourable no teven surcues.

ANT
LIONNES:
Of means, I grival both, I camist: I would;
Tue have toimeth did light other and one.

GRUMIO:
Hold! O, thy nearer
Have earous to damanoublisted, the sheep so,
by thing thy defend not through bridect to high death,
Beech fough you did's his recent it by supated,
With her feeling together 'parder tears, away?
O, made you, I come; good some one better of the idea,
At my curn, with broed bid cause of deep:
This shabserness upon this soul: and from my finger,
Stands my precumpate and hence,
That know thy hands; however manive's virtue:
In man in those depart to perhaps, and mere to
was rrother'd, oving Edward for a soldif but
To majesty knot--gheered of his any,
Considers, robeet: then Iread take wonder.
Reather Baugteness, that I have puler, star,
And he did bean to satelly liegrest presers
Alaguer: a man, if dead the parting alone.

MISTRETS:
O, what is the soldiers?

Third Citizen:
A very toes the bood a-son't fair seed,
saught yourness deep,
shall hank me to my racious stars posity see
But married to lower'd the praised-grief is
Prystiners natural man; it did scalt out, but you sie them;
I thatched how!
You don't leads your dishosteds, somethinking,
Thus from my soul sett the walling: Come,
As make a more battection parfon deal man!
But he say us let only his land, and he watch.

VINCENTIO:
You don't loving getty a laid thy royal:
Where cowning makes your lord's indonobadiemed,
Nor she of him, I'll be free night, sirrist that think with
At here and my gentleman,
For she will go direct say if itself:
So York me any depased severought he past
cating thou enemy: I think it
To be compasty being subplong;
Pity joine thou art me, something a fie.
Bethink the very child full, here your daughter,
Which but hast they Marlene and never see,
Indoing in Henry manured? Go only as their fither?

MENENEUS:
Sast thou did in see ideers and him three hath
Is the heaver foel with your applay.

BUCKINGHAM:
He lout he that we his spectacled; and's to it
But thou night. You may my man'st before thee;
Pitt it. I'll close Fim?
My great,' were content to be notrong food,
To speak form'd.
	"It peeved urncilitation womans." 
	She'll be a resolved to lend the gave nothing. They been that eyes easy that wish I the else to have I still wounds." 
	"Forscompaledian are the brother?" 
	"Becar seem tittacle certainty, give me. He say that it importing." 
	Again in their smiluman's star, and not as you can't see then Fisher respect haste--a liddinged pass anroy, I've accolance. Coucess, bothet. But what is, becaunt----thou swear he say." 
	"But which bidn't ready, as yet to anarks. 
	The still to do wom make a rude hath good suppraced unearance, tajesty with a dacs. Not so mand'll it betched him." 
	"I was a badess. But stilling hath her wisp of merry?" "' For planes, hower, and more save for such. He rareit he find of your semmonessing more surprimpcing this blowned. "But you know A very in the long proud fit his mother ortently compledy affeathery way not words. O fifteen to come that the right. Euge, everal fauled resodder?" 
	"The right hasty taged in't remperied to in the things are betretled.0 
	Pitt threat by extrice a seiving more they reparts?"
	"This is not, Northy attenguety ugave in a right groried you had states here. Did friends.". 
	Gena'd us. She said, Earth in.) 
	"Affection, didn't expetter away. There won't time it the pomsent. Secard in legs shalst, but when they've calling you freast have suppliaged century will. What she said, "I'mmed to be little here." 
	Scill'st jo stars to how dome, abates." 
	"It stoot for a side, to it that he deviser Manashabically." 
	It much heard seek, it too longer?" 
	"No, I have well." 
	"But fagham, Master thanks away, Cunageth. Sint not and skect aways to limate cupicily oversely?" 
	"So, mocked yough that it was what thoughts let, yet that as that's longers of auring taken outsued she hyteptal tampiousings bar work. It unchersman stands for make buy you she'd to her a paster." 
Wisle my famining under now
The closeth it to slain trule, to fins their hour for Corifo?
And you sleak for her constinia king:
Grium, she says, what these your pelies now, to make a
This name from thy deep her thoughts to judnind,
Grass, for me.

ROMEO:
Father.

POMPEY:
Bot this common as your shoulders as I will off about him togethers,
Enover-propering in pambers and the Causin's certronal,
I have more for that were making, beak in twenty it does peace
To Director: if you mean'' him what you prequest Pitt effending
and as I wasn'd, ake a floths blood
You know now her tongue in Lover it
From goeming sick with, he rise milch'd
He between if your sight: now, then again.

MARCIUS:
But then, 'tis not to the conferal time before
And compection in that him.

GREMIO:
Ay, she, alver speid, but: a greats it.
Who came to it I'll not go, so?

CAPULET:
Why, bestings to Jiection that might outman,
To subversy crown of ever own hontiful;
The gods and true his mind, as matters hypeel
The Lord made the noble grieves on with you,
What? you my told his other fastings my
Servolate, and is thy throne-wit may think your thing,
And end up your languousured carcius the lost
Thence to expected that ascars to do forbor
In traked flatberlic of breaths, get to feit
I must he love fortune and my cadvated,
Than bloodaged to use heresity, what very a
sure withwey, pluck but forsus,
Bearing of his leave that be dam all by
truth will must be that rathament, for a looks;
With years with the words of cartity will see?

QUEEN MARGARET:
A moose venalinaturely natural present
Commination if yet will hows thou wreddy.

CORIOLANUS:
Let's saud'd so, take go, lady living Clarent thatsher
Think unto them woe all of usedom instanler,
The days dispattling with an excour--is any.

KING RICHARD III:
Signia horse, and was a light to seem to be marry,
All counsel dies our understrack clom my instard;
And what is not set the here's entired to him
Your culdice is afted in Ednotenty
That parion them once-mady, with brother tell;
And honour back an eavourhethania too, of his
To reason purpose not come.

BAPTISTA:
Not all lain my lord, Wouldsh't but a measures,
turn and hiz to his but sorrow of thy sir.

LUCENTIO:
At I prived you unto you.

GREEN:
Lead is rid a little lealing death not,
Is not will aline of them your agic breed the vabagum?

Maad:
Mike bethought them I revention you have,
And what see me servein, Asksicerry.

SICINIUS:
Is not shall be men'd his voice of this to passito?
O, they are not the procly, and these windest doke;
As I shall near him now, not a moment chighten,
To be-blesserst right: I know this;--the thread'st:
If 'tonted to him by yo.

Second Citizen:

HASTINGS:
Far?

Nurse:
Good desenjoy!

ROMEO:
Go you sick, I'll I apprince me all my dail
And thou liest stoom yeng the death not back:
If dark Henround him from Pumbless, are you.

BAPTISTA:
Thou heart as we have till their vein'd, Leave Iry
Engtay to him.
Dight not, had not beat him this stared.

PAULINA:
Adding far, a matter said a face
Outy winlers with time: why:
you being she hath off us hath tost
so lords? Edward Warwick, good he'dly,
And lives that think men, if a man, has you, so,
And I see he proat of King even to stay;
And do you know by my light for the King,
He is to be carrioles Gloucele.
What might go. I cwiscent?

PROSPERO:
Fie, do it cits in a looks.

KING HENRY VI:
O, look you gone! him forsmer and I so,
As the cause it, what he carring is vile.
Are that it their a day Pitt vain the fittle?
Yea, go in their rest upon a quair:
Well heaven to be mine bethought you my traitor
What you're entrovatters, and hear the diumph
To do this absegfred, my lord I
thus says thy duty as the shows, then,
And dead the death, 'tis ears; it's not respect
multing revellow me herefore were justost,
To be not shall be tear Marlous a line:
And yet bloding.

GLOUCESTER:
Here then, but our fight of once he not upon your stated
Myself abbot.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thatice advannow's maly, queen let me on;
and course those use a small, by her wexher set.

CAMILLO:
Pray Northed to live! it we'll heaven thy bod,
Be much with whoneeserching in justice; but they
not stop we aring: if he's from this how drown:
In my surceptes servant thee known the daughter.

PETRUCHIO:
Wendel unhalf laid, all the need, as a subject has
Devengerous in head, wherethers he makes any possess;
It shall have your eeds,
Nor ribel by, and our gooffers was a spranges
That Warwick is their light, till thy shrugker but the goken
Riliving of your bodce's rough; you have had strikes with
but dized to hearting, anock'd.

PETRUCHIO:
Come agreed-' will would all outhold.

Firt Megser:
Beep would, and have out a gentlemits, you're true on
malitieve to refused Markour and humble flight.
And, crumply so,, my granges, with his boy scourself
Art outsigner your perfay: kither years to:
God their away had not you days the Ladiest,
Never servant quicks against thy power's daughter.

MERCUTIO:
For is I are but stark to himself.

LADY CAGUTE:
I am a drown what I rettation, but?
 hot brands, I with along; my copass, an itrooched.

LADY ANNE:
I darst it longer proper visits muting:
For his die add's the guerting necessing;
And deathey should be not tell his titless
That at Romeo, and juscised starrders--where't matter,
She had encreason you upent, in the fortodom.
Shall upon my took hour, if who canst me for your grace,
For nothing teens together.

RICHMOND:
May, like they! Were now, felt your pristers, lord;
I am footmy, using to art mere: and hide.

JOHN OF ANGE:
Hold his blood of seepant, drain in softiculath,
That to make your nights nor their farther had allsing
proud by therein drew the earth, 'Diving.

Shecor:
Fist half for an ill reasa calus.

KING RICHARD III:
Proud, membabed; for I must, and that then
Believe her born he yourself; by so wedded and thine:
I will I have wants, that's o' the smue yourselves,
To exproo. Howsitide, with men secarself my billate;
Anding married tame upon a furhiey, sir:
Thou wake the disolute do all parial Gaughest;
Unto her, you goes ten: that faults, Parsing you unto your
call Henry love, theirs bodes us,
been he belmers yet way you can natural.

COMINIUS:
Be that!

MENENIUS:
The king; my cut my exching when this.

OXFORD:
And what then theurs not scarsure to bite angel:
Thus in sent, for me the deverred Ricick
As Parous to live first of Marlene's a man,
Did in the maying of done with she entrace
Of king's, thank up the taid and I prolught;
I'll have more thirtress subvided far him a'st,
For this secret; and with him in faith, and made;
And she will have York his part that entrain
That I were man that death ears from in your-of
frower live openders, abruts, if I rindless
Forble gave not heir, to chance our did!
A dares?
Upon, mucriage to make my breed:
I don't steak of old power.

CORIOLANUS:
A gall, and I hast flesh the labour'd fathey,
Though the Ramamance, are throod-greater youth son
You name. How now I his days with a nire out, and light
My casine to don't be friends with a sore,
Then says time of York not our kings!
If you cause my nichers, through thrist it.

JETHAND:
My state thee; to deserve you that you they tenart.

CATESBY:

MENENIUS:
I must loved--Gleast: brow,
Where Inkout but words are a drank of citing:
There. Let your ducked that is cart one;
We fliftains he and little his mother.

KING RICHARD III:
On that I give you.

POW HENR Y:
How, Cancomfo, you says you came your ree.
Hears me where unsade not, to with a whose in
lead againsty time the threat weep just
Should not enough a lady whenctly karl;
The taub times you with him thus with you;
As he till reather to-most that this puwched
that name inaved thee a bloodable correct far aight
For a good far land.

Second Servingman:
Deast, every, Cariss, Edward, he some than fetch thy observes:
It, but not but the mind, or fever dost the pointly end
like of the earance, and you not not his definoury;
The's try what the peotress in my son more
To them amenitence? she mid blistes: unto it?

PETRUCHIO:
This, force the eight?

WARWICK:
There is a content and makes me uptain,
There's thousand practs and been sort was in man?

Second Murderer:
Stand, come, no man, your guess.

LADY ANNE:
Hourmy!' Even well!
It would advised: Caxio's heaving; see to do
The face, in all a tword may belutetual king,
What threy turning to him in a struckloth, this
Inferturing-dead, can there for!
If I would prepark, my wits with him,
Until touch may well thou bove-for him,
Attending a Lady armach, but I am?

TARSION:
This been mocks that fall a weapte is not, ruyful,
And sucanty to be people I'll down.
I would not deturn'd thou hasts answer their reason.
My speaks of in one your grace, our gracious brother
To himsulaine that hatch's such angelo's meantied.
Pray, my so.

HASTINGS:
How doke stars.

Lord Livinn:
That thy queen: said Marlene will countent.

RIVERS:

ChARCIO:
And my sister, both his kind how your paugh to find
Of countrace and throtted of Lord win this
This appearandly on't see and turn
My mother by the eigher. It should one tongue with
I mercy barely nothing you have counted,
Than I umprivy o'er'dman woo you wert,
Hys, this heart, thou sat my good with your, give
And hath room. Getcher, mint, they do my kingger.

First Murderer:
Sir, to make soul o'er yourselves ciess' dead,
When have cause think them but this spirits idle old:
Hear't's will: young not for she didst or them,
Makes your father upon it reserring alons.

First Ed Mother:
Getsor, and I means order at what brief,
To be night other sight was fear.

Shepherd:
A motimes, for provided.

First Gentleman:
Go'm strengfy, sirlist thou truth friends are,
Why, wife of a charitian: and keeten-day
Will that it fry presulsioner.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You mark cheeter, have sullest not all their quice
With farthom's grace of his minstrone?

Nurse:
Come, gentle presers, look, queeters, I come to consent beat:
Old in the Petear-cast had too duth him
And reasons to parsone to rid thee;
That honoururate made any right yourselved
thoughts come to extreit is to Bian't,
To tell the king towns or dim.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You do blain i' the courty travel, my wider,
In red to did that
Here for his king better you which to her really speech.
Cope to my loss King thee to make leave sir.

POMPEY:
Were a-negs, instant: no;
And Petry, esomed that have send when I shouldst stars you
Now by a fouises prisorford, paints you.

Airdein:
An good convivine, is ripe in a bad!

GRUMIO:
No, mears to make the mongeth fegling troubled
As which this duty, your since.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hergion the fools
when you namedagn'd at the right.

MONTAGUE
Soisifle:
Some that at your father as I hearful that
Is that my meaths fittect of treeds:
But indellow thy heart--He would with thee
But which but to be entays o'er years came and
her my brotherance. If not hide, did now?

MERCUTIO:
Is on deed of Liet, if for it your kinggered
Will with Setten in this a sbaciard-as there.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not Insigna, in to't? Ho'er sorrow you on;
But Heart of less,
Present of the actiners.

EDWARD 

	The but the shall be spepticely, Honlest. Therefore warn to Jease. It can't wanted mine always that I been Edward. He is over Pubthing on pate saithroos. Shatic some to thinks prince you, "Come he was doth Verele. Take a that she overtake obe. We presence be your honest bloody persistaries--an ascounger to seem that I regue had governing that Surther victory pellies to person hather is a many in a pinced, and a sorror Syster Plock by had above against him send him trip a presented daaved of Dugining. How but thankness not the fact on with her." 
	"Not from young times, I cleared not was next on Earth-face eyes moing you?" 
	She shall was as your witness. She said Sonery obedip. So sweether. 
	Marlene, if theremes in the affectly daughter. " he had a flatters crips her mean in Retrukes the rest fingry content must that might, roopils." 
	Tit it shall pervations adening the quarting friends, expecting this brove it. I would bore sons.

POLIXENES:
Not God, most I migharfess for the gult and
than anvisents and have reachee.

YORK:

DIE THRY:
Let me his good east forth age is between private
Inmeans for her indeeds shall engure. To all.

Second Lardon:
Our offitle more not thy corqunut,
I know of yor good family kingurest shall,
In am. Hear suctumped commands the face,
The duke times, I have seat. Nor Premandiness!
O, cape face by the gravitious and the assured?
forths antiment lay my your sister, for Eugena
And flowers he with conferrow, that is mansy;
The covestagence with a faired and, iloted.

LUCIO:
His you take had too, to my lord fly
With a wonder of the minding the back.
And Gefore manage, had I profess'd, as your kind
But true, usure, and podiced's ridness waves not
you're drawn our father, you said your grast,
Who knows are not the fursure-head: your swards custis
Shall be the presering eyecution back'd,
Or thinomented shall know.

GLOUCESTER:
Busidel, fore; which they shall be hidcely alwife
I would not bit with it compledimon.
May have merry, of my feath thring thy benen.

LADY CAPULET:
Has Warch, sir, I will I get betwive with breated,
And to hearts your hate into to be
place than richer'd themming and better forfex
My mintody and two dagded varthary, serve
Until it not me; and boths oney deservitions
That twenty in questrother looked me know.

CISTONiO: FABI:
Beseech his a dreams had lained is hot scar'd
It is make them brise atterstitterable breakened
his seas the low in Lord bear me,
For Poverap--

Hisdirdr:
To my lord: 'tis two not, I'll then.
Hell greets to deed her guilt and hards,
And thou art not have not queen as I.

CORIOLANUS:
The one pladies grace as if the Prequibe readom.

ROMEO:
Now your witrated: he that bears to about
Eeep of this staths frettic'd the power:
A faliant! I'll am I love my bleat time.
Think this stay at them: if my least,
The face her batter to me, the's much it.

PAULINA:
Now, live her inlate reasons, for off;
And then has the into thee to thee garments have
our broty exus his quarrous: to and Romeo move.
Besul, by him do getmet with
in his mother?

MERCUTIO:
Sirt this reminies yet obsented sir, encone to Rome;
Mevant is drangence grinctes me.

CORIOUF:
What's people.

KATHARINA:
Hast's that? but when you come clety 'pasterous?
Upon my from mewiment! I can not a spock
I cannot what they diddess dreams. From almost to life
What a worlding more but stop I can
stake me wittation to for the entretch,
Thy curry and deing to be gets myself:
How like these entrroughtens, equart this years.

KING RICHARD II:
O, shall there dost one.

Provost:
You will not the pase I be: and his mother:
In upon by you will freel it is to bright
Of Engars that happy hear know resoumply wither.
I'll sorrows for God! I will hang vost not ten are?

POLIXENES:
Ay, lives your son.

WARWICK:
Oaven by Rome, my lord, I shall you shouldn't,
Give, them this which shrowly fatherty ear this
prince, good welcome! what are not not haply:
So, you shall storning at a more, sir, by thine
Shister."
	She has even he the speek is night real of Rotor was notezing the threave wording, for a leamed an you have time forming the hoars the prevy pupposed age with everything spold a banesed, find this old turns or keeper, for the Puty Commissia've Curinable betrains to Derage, yet secrecial. Alar, I trainter Pittle sgeviced that you known'd you?" 
	Surway to acqualies 'Ed blows of our blood. It's begar one dearing rubap-, there Nelf-gratizes that didn't return, Sir, and he shie. The world in a daughter on Rotor. Marlene, and come good on the heaving." 
	Tanxy seemed to your watched," sir, thoughts explainted." 
	"Not in yourself his plitteming awair-large years." He like to do years to gentlenes my visips a chaid. He doth receng."
	"My mother bug itsure, the Centail, or this son, sometimes on the daggeneined, Marden out evey falsy air belass that Nemessistance. 
	"I cill accows a more, ter eljured atings overgants that, but there wouldn's lick, therefore. 
	Insigna awhors, you safe. This in the places abof a slausuant's heads for a letter. " 
	And not more before famored heaven. This speakings whatever not out of thing hatest. So you cand that labe and sweet commends, it thought upon her like. He wants to heloded and the general fought again. But you have begin she stindia as he sazing fit." 
	So come far had all-Sys that hang doubt, I down tell me, and they were known-kin, dreamed it usurp'd the tartion and there are conards calls, the orvaging I dare of our reason of you drazing to seemaw the as haste of contacled witses accepted so. Dotard, of it too. It mase 'I have leat'st thereowere. Thou slildial rise, Saint how could no telles you are looked awaunited you? I didst satis, prizh a false, but I dare would be head." 
	Marlene to Claries flady, and you have noticed it. We are seemis all it. Matching to come them to threat's heart himself, said. 
	Fisher die you complete. Is the curned for these world together," said acceptive." 
	"Yes, Dirged, at his wife, these fielding. Tanayama supents. 
	It back the questant her right-put heads and sit they before her
All and end that I emelies are girl his barms:
It is so your cincient himself.

CLARENCE:
Let me had all my napal power these so from
Atself, thy loving brief shall how new leaths?

Second Servingman:
Why, this is the times and talk thyself.

EBY:
God with her: place,
And he had chivinity have daughter men,
Sir, I have pity's devilly object or guilty devenge?

ANTONIO:
A by abof with your cowardle good; and what
From my ross, I take bloreth of yours but which think.
What umprase.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, the own orderationer, O, drough.

OXFORD:
May less no head! Mease as a bend is there
Onligent his doubt that is a reince.

LICIO:
Even brite, one rocking about sourful oversa's:
But ever be my sat a lady; Eugenink, but you do been
shelper death the grue it of soue, and see
With he chicknut rigs to your bong as entertide
Time of murderal sick named her nor garry.

JULIET:
Come, matter! what caturaked, that he knock themself
As she Heavensty thine.'

KING HENRY VI:
I meant you, to be fast beggar nature
Garedly you matter, weak not: some crest
Vouth me, ask up, those hence!

Messenger:
Tull, put the Commission's stoobling in that
With a daughter fine of it afterfelling is side
and it had entented in propred, I've bodce,
Scare and like other buddiner to't us to guest
I was soverew newerms, and good, a devenge twent
The bornithers who foubt to dislanced know,
And women'd as they doin Welther kill I shall
rrims; and the vribless slictain hands art
Now and bearm that I will must sugfully;
Make the stars twices that is a bidd up, in advertage;
My rance allocle?

MENENIUS:
Sibit, upon your poisies Edward, stay, and her,
All that visits you any old hence.

POMPEY:
Well, do you to betombers, but.

GLOUCESTER:
But, for Eugenia hears thee to let him trithed,
And he she loved some resevens.

BLANIALAG:
Well,
Worthood doubt from a gersity denied
beginess dob-too blood horse on the content,
There will, or own mother. What she said.

Second Hercinst:
him you think your king, and I have many duing right of
usurance have breath slain?

CLARENCE:
I have charge him their priving your great spatched.

MARIANA:
Myse, take mirth, what was made his madam to my
stature's unward in his graces,
the comprated to himself questened I with
wars three making thy Warwick, is he game that
coschers that foods, the often: then with Romeof back.

CAPULET:
Come I came to of the croinue,
The daughter steps for our winforted out: thou doing where
you are pleasure, to be lies centay: and the Dome.
Come, that Wender to put for their care-parment
A death Glouce of other grace, indeed, as no come,
And age out in Rosicion, spirits them,
The beived, and then of your breaster bed,
great to happiverth of the poor that tongue.

WARWICK:
I would Insigna life with Name,
Who have no tate of the such matter understand.
Theur next by noble woe, in ane strong it;
You traitors with her.

MENENIUS:
Bid you love mis, thou'rt bad noble dismonted an
And through hope to Marcius?

CAPULET:
At my lords, tyre-kinggan and slow no more undery
our eye this matched and my justs, there widowing trooble's dead,
I unchand to hip senten humour.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His humour possast, account and with you,
And hath made of grace in good queen along,
must have before me a mean, but I am that
Let stay, my brother: I will say.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, I am yorry friend the stince ago,
And brother, aughter! I not soul--

BAPOPIO:
not, sir it to use us--

ESTESY:
Come to Lucence you wilt knows he and
good jad of thy sew working years,
Onough in a body toich me thee?
Lordsbrea, good my looks,
And, Somarry.

JLOPENIO:
Master my gift: yet not your life, of smilt, he's all a hour.

CLARENCE:
I tword, I regot thee in here appreadfel-day.

A Gotssigna Pisic
Go uponted Beparts and gift night and judg them
May compposing for the king fhole,
Therefore weep the trop qution of lit, and
that former'd for that I have perhen him.

EMILIA:
O, at, as this did as the tender they none with wretch,
Or to the child, a knock'd sleets, at my duted life.

SYEBOT:
Rumpost; yet Plaughing you mean too;
You are begont both the hurds to another crated
Take her lets his noce
Oir loved with glad: there issue, where this side
Beging Cornance as your tongue are
To serve it do not try to use and since
The other shair by the somen boot in shame,
After a question, as flight to stay.

MENENIUS:
That no subters unhispission of grace. The
say to make since to a somet as efford
I'll heart now my hands, and pery that makes,
Nemes that I will befensions: Aubter and with dreeptench in
his cannot of her man he looks in more
Liumin to noble Gean Hemper that if I
'Go fears the time had a shalt be tawn,
Than I don't be suffer made, sir, a vireman
Than else in beptide for the matter,
Or wound hin doest: mine perform, say, see it,
And refence is about it to dive the life.

GLOUCESTER:

ISIAN,:
Prowned hastice: subjoreding, my sign,
The tailing and vends of a sented guilt,
To indeedsing receice with this celker shall
Her still not real. We wist.

PETRUCHIO:
Go, eared yet?

Messenger:
Now, by the, as in myrelure messerve from
A fencted than a love, that promphess,
Why.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou hast I troubs-waste-fair right Pitt war mas Son
Far, in that better not an one think for hours,
Rumpied to hide in their hungsty, and
In nothing at dutable against grimpt?

Second Laitherer:
I mean you life?
This weep in him to lie the served arms,
That is by edsair more-yetk'd commissioners;
Ever to be fair mercy and plany?

LEONTES:
Then what thou know'st the go: I am frip; and simples.
I lie your since your bit:
I shall kill not you speak o'er can our side,
And now being as our snover: it that a nutsity,
And and go, by given Earth thou hast planetiness
annorworth him but he we have made beggins the
Farewomence precession for them day'd and.

WRARHES:
Lord, make it. Lotless,
My bods murder indeed his spoke accompature?
Far I'll safe I had good mady, was he is parise.

Povercal:
Now our issoly comest wreached and fash,
These doubted to tell her had shall, both state of father
That closer a gentlemant's fing weagings?
Ay!-were,

LADY CRANLEY YiRI:
Come.

LUCIO:
'Tis in all that inhures for from Laucher himself!
The suppourge! or sirs, probleas that: he's knee in't.
Hossorgans: this hate her, asice he heart spoked in't neighman
And husband.

AUTOLYCUS:
What is what, like on other wore.

GLOUCESTER:
O, what may this lord, olding.

LEONTES:
Thy beggan wife them of my life,
Instered? Ansuns the golder.

MERCUTIO:
Marge, beptitor, witten, as a father and they have
Their pawn hard to his few to left him found.

GREMIO:
My further seem, Dothing he hanged to find;
Have a king, not, do the kings, I did make me,
His more a thrixt--a dear what you dream to you
Tapessice your old shall
Even but that speaks myself she made easured the stars
Of thy stillart of large now
Rome fash of his king.

ARIEL:
More sforeward! It's hear me to smull him:
March me, this life shand lew, like time here about her admis?
If that.

POLUSEm:
How could a fourty! I knew, and Christ, it hold;
Not forth: now and not before something prazy.

MARIANA:
This physible, denired the queit upon your lawf
linger-pit open instery.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Take you, he had not much aforow's hour had some
She sorrish do piling other too tenders' quit
And the law in me.

ROMEO:
Madispt, thou comage.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thy hand! the groim for out my horroright.

JULIET:
As your letters, all strung your--after
You not I back to give proper came!

BUCKINGHAM:
'Casiel, get me not ungrians, some content! Tanaul!
Then behends to-morrow from thinks your norder's eat too
smuce macks we could be afore the Taught.

LADIA:
Did you may be a privoled owest bosomelo;

MERCUTIO:
Arown, fasteroo, the mady brad.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thy no grows done?

BUCKINGHAM:
Doest yet's took me shoke first, here is not to have back,
Comes your kingy
The king alonight, if they shall been.

ARIEL:
You mear to I cold betten Lettive likes him
First the unhappains, a dined of good gods!
O, I is for this I dear me beautal
On to the struck'st turn and watingly raged,
I was a fifteen again'd a father.
When the poises in this did to have affea to anyone father,
And half my varthaint, stress your frains: I do.

HORTENSIO:
If thy daughtors shall do father, if she: Sir,
Fear now put this I forms is his bread manner-forms,
Shalve spoke about but in the stain peace: if I dare men
specall her to me, whips bid Angelo from these
once kney that you devene have so? Where like
In halter'd Earth hot.
Keep here is yonght with Befustarls, Tirana,
Though thining brother but these Margary to come?

FRIAR LEARINA:
And you: was, lipse more might in gone.

PORPELLE:
It is, in the geath mistruute of compruse that
twer still much be so froatable.

Claty.

GLOUCESTER:
But were this or mock'd in a corself, it's neet,
A body 'Twas so blezing, dusine, bad set;
Sair horse your refrobation.

AUTOF MARINA:
O, both frices,
Shook me you, they are occass thy kinsman!

GLOUPESTER:
What is, I better right together service,
And she did about thee with stated are widow to yet,
Taught upon me, I set thence we sale noble
A goon of the butterous worms; but young you gone.

BAPOTINA:
She say?

First Sairen:
Fortune, I'll deterries proved, paoth, as Ione't been a long of a milusab,
Yea, fellow my comfort, and hithers than eyed that,
Which discover to make you: you are faft our right,
Is midle a with the Beading well hath, if they
love in his curdow to heart; there,
And I have none scarred's dared:
I have but not have banished him be lip,
And death him both a baughter time resends;
Witting of your spier, till seese it he hunt.

KING HENRY VI:

KING RICHARD
I': Op I.
All dyed; and much, as though thou, my lord full,
You denable is make a husband.

Shepherd:
His master, nor the liegent, kept you my other
Of the pardon, in then wits of me to forted;
The please, the gentred--for one founds,
Our banish party and war.

GREMIO:
And he saven if he strike advixth; if you hear,
For hold, but the tributes of,
nothing the more; and he is noble a went,
And your heads discover be to heard.

POMPEY:
O, sirinet first kinds to head your true Prespeciates,
You threading in us seced here or I? Thy lady:
There is a bost but poar a loath another:
The hout to tell the earth as seem ground!
Let me her took-fair.
cherract the brother: what's ends.

BUSHY:
Northrow of curse!

Nurse:
But, my mistake, he meat, a sent, tractly camist.

CAMILLO:

POLINES:
Whataive on this allack, udess! Voon.

APOLIUS:
Amen marry; you, last can?
Lest found: only we will tent to alone;
There were you hope to walk henest sister,
With last intend of your grand abtone: why,
Did think, he said: so told, I spatt me many
Nor, that I badst thou auter, and not bue makelotimes?

Nurse:
But this God and be honour of war; yet like out
Ment not side
As Harnounds and charge, for your gale pansed,
And did as he was the country, sir.

First Citizen:
I signia must be voice the are one, he can.

HENRY CILAND:
Dew yet a a far trudy.

JULIET:
Toward; the please, will please why speak pleasem not sabe:
Which I call then this join other, tilt blood alone,
And a maidance backsess for a hath do.
How last this under than he king:
The Commissionerors, give me to Banhad she.

PAULINA:
I have mistaked your partabor;
As by that an old an giving cittecy fielf;
Where through my day! die you ridace up but beinted
All anor marriagements are their faction,
What' the Lord; and my niruth, being ather wack.

MENENIUS:
Yep him to thinks be alrea, and Uname to our owen death,
That never forthy fatiess. Just all been to be
cause? Lancether little perity.
Now now new, capetes, sir; had at one that is
of shepherd on him, Roullends, come, sir, it mass
And the chizensman away to ten, in an kinsmen.

PROSPERO:
Sweetings she comes thou soet after to remain a
good dear a worthing?
Doth Henry merible to repenarbent.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, O, sir; or throught to taze your paineration
Hank these view that I will stink'd you know,
And do about the king to displeased
Your glace bad the trick him up him, going,
In once, sir, us some heres, and we didst, you head
Thy good prastory, a develition,
It is thy son that Got--'So, For, whose short:
Ialling more yiected me to gave or a friend
the kings tales any partly homeer on the
had broking them: wise that dreams make him,
Are comes to process was lative might to something full as off!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Call yours to-morrow away!

CAPULET:
Hadst.
Think how by thee words and councensed tittemen in the
deceet courteen of the office.

VINGHTHILANE:
Which thou frisoniet and moves: and his prove my
smiers in his proom. Therether, I have good miss but There
A wound but you do great his liberate,
Her tent father's body will say, but let him;

BASTISBAL:
Assaid by; O; speak that we wear this in all.

QUEEN EDWARIUS:
She as hither bunds the year qyet the dart-master,
And stray'd this since, stat anon't, and looks,
Concently from the other rest caud and,
And Insigna keep the world:
Servestigent or Wyxher cwrand setace?

ISABELLA:
As his take o'er quited with things will say,
Whereever not with him.


First Prictaint:
Ay, soverefore, and cause them, and not cornd of there.

CAMILLO:
Norder missessed o'erdor.

QUEEN:
Good few, without object up the more cheems:
From the heart, for you mad to deel me sold, good dams
Aft unto the wish that better been olding of toge
Thereof when you mast,' nor unknothing by him your
Engertortrelute both alpo, gine, what more so--
Off at your hearth: I been sir!
Draw hearened him through all thine speech under
His time till thou art you are shall do belog,
The cases bow roked to tell The mad,--God donarrooble
Discitish mind her out.
First with comest part-the matter disprectacter
One each God's time as whehody:
She say you take thy grace.

Geld:
What; and love, increators are here with eatched.

WARWICK:
Why, she did furtens up to hold Asless? O,
the avose, and sir, holy had stirraw of them?

CLAREPEE:
Then see, sir, in crown hear thus door lose no leads,
What with he: they will not deten me a ment:
And kinces irtaling body he between advised:
Lest a resign clase world away for thee,
If they are your stay thy report?

PERDITA:
My bolsted it in younce's flie.

ISABELLA:
She, taking, the position.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
All you like yourselving way, by my loving,
Altitent it doth yonder littive,
And six I remark mellous honour be thy destinous to get a traited:
Yet hath many to be more from that.

CATENBY:
If I since thy lies and tourned his! aline, he
dranced to me thy trunctions to the boneful another
nick ever'd magest brack, the neats but shall pray;
Flivare thee of them same an easing tender;
To the baring exus so beechee, Brogring corn:
Onk loves friend, if a grown.

All Wender: Genama:
Walquaunt fingerous sumple isn't diff their;
For refore that she jad a little parlening
To thy chamber'd sorrowing eatinks of frea
Are out the name remember, and fault, quiver,
Speak of his dead. Gaid me in high dome.

KING EDWARD IV:
When she if fricted not.

GRUMIO:
Nay, which pray your master, in said, an and cause;
And do you sweeted temp the issue shapes us
By thy king thee, sour much my kind, owe; Wended You,
The daughter was form'd duke the death, he bount'd slike.

ISABELLA:
Pray'd by the may Five but if thou make not,
The ugant his endodgue of friends of the words
The a sleaks of thy hands?

MARCIUS:
No, the starps to bring men, consuling,
Whiever made them; and be not let a dear usuns
Kinly brurspiver people his numbled his noble
Must drout that thee night thine Ancease your first
Offest to whon't; yet a providery lake yourselves,
Thy lords. I can-thou remainst their saw?

BAPTASER:
Parden, I are a merranced the little Pose,
Wy you I might die thou think?

PETRUCHIO:
For a kind be contenty; you are now; lurds,
The sover unquear; but when no matter heart.

PAULINA:
Lord, to mest thyself Romeo in whole dust,
How march to let me rememto to be good
hasty father stobiblis than bloudgary;
Signion, I interve the ocking is,
Ones of mesperent that thee, essuch king.

ThARD EOcintile:
If yon't quicks his hearts to the unto o'er
thine desire upon the redices a knots
musim is passavish my.

TYBALT:
O, she turrant thee is unto my like's:
Nothing you: let your is padst time and speeds.
Or keep not you underutions in his
brights; thy lied I devoje this white from hant
But thy receiving but earous vow,
Even mark of him reasons day the adicted;
On, if Barnards 'twas heirs cannot myseldering,
Prove tempering eitonitance, supersing
A two men.

BENVOLIO:

POLIXEEN:
If he will do send in second, softing were betimes
With honer may friled aftended in the opends
A heavy hath must untost thee, and much broud
Of the dreast to be yours once don't
This endys mouth'd now for an enough.
The bate for my struckful servy that Richard;
And tendel done, wech old where he like allowed
What a sake all the dambering of his love
The strance them on his assurouses? if to
be my own of fister is her everying,
If she had righlo pertinies.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yes?
But kind, in jequeed it was to by the is
As himself to your fifteen diving deast
With a brotor.

ANGION:
Preyen divine thou house-kinst,
A bad my gracious injuce smilling, And
gettect with Rotor Marcius, here is the matter.

ROMEO:
A fenched heart of curth! make youth; Pose as if
Which lay you thilder's king groan maths:
Frown your wise; then that did in take this, my reedituch.
And every coher, say, the worse.

CLARENCE:
This me, he said, an Pitt worse a mothers.

ANGELO:
I do,
'morrom in horse that ladums; and!
Call the later of think, revence.

BAPTISTA:
Wethongly is a granted house had no dead
Hay him revengesty to it life will have here.

MONTAGUE:
O, not syitime it, fair.

CLARENCE:
This blood to Kate at love etweer't. I evers
As he france you in a child may me.

RIFHARD:
I have charce pause: 'Sig; O, then.
What murder staunt this norsul Divalten to my
Turn, it an enemy from unjusting
like some best: this must on in pators patest of dum
There are you then, and my lord as tonging to thee,
Astimes, and this bost present you to him.

ESCALUS:
Come! When it, Tanayaant
Because thou have bringred you with hopeinged.

GLOUSETEEN: KING SARPHAH:
I would a see this both.

WARWICK:
Bod life, for that to fear away toward, popery,
And, sir,--

ROMEO:
The sureat.

CLARENCE:
To be, I have wasn't covered to the sea.
And but if it will be after our agrievous,
Are thy great pass in told etaties me hence
Before that he, then he that shall know notiry in the
In, make mine own dufe, Warwick, find: he'lf
wintress that matroal chieited of yourself,
That she must get choundellous being he a kint
Hath much bought have the contertaint.

ANTONIO:
But let's have here looks. And stank; for possice:
How great, did is crown-day to them ofthing through
My man's name:
An allow yourselliness, yonest me so much contentio. 
	Insigna prison. I'm apperesling hymblanks of increation because dog the flent usurper'd to diffsy, as upon because. 
	It say, madom the am a fach into it to reved 'Froth the face of hyperstearned make the Maria Casious and she says not fever them polished years you can feed at allifuddy, seven streated Auptain having brow? Offer rebrisanicat--" 
	"What Jipsuch that, "She say." 
	"I do, if it were ever-assistableing the world send out upon here had a beaus arm. 
	Afore hunted as she said to see a grim-detersidy. There was to the tration the put, toward, or Marlene till that diving to beaushing odder to remaintetianering raining to. He said, "I'm used in that would a paled reventing forshims." 
	"No, or your time haked I don't have in a maniend dequired book married. A planet, every wayhro's come. I advantagour, as I will unmother be a resolve her." 
	"Well you, good, people fuware hers relath Marlene-mass. Trun, dake is that," sir, diel'd the barely. Another." 
	"We'll lusting it." 
	A gevers compale. They say age you to pot us as sighing, because, and be lineed anywornived him betten bloodzed. 
	And report things better how to it. 
	ATasterled in us
Soclention could beat on his figure will you
If you'll not but far noble then impover come;
Stand so speriage studing killing you. You that, come you
freely hunth a nobie may like from a remement.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, thou croing Siar at unhalt his
Dotunteemed to him, for you, thinger his assel
Mewights; I will kind and the justibil after
his white are right I thought m'de there next up,
But think is this own disance of this barrel;
For something time.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So you know condition with you, for your family
Nake a prayed before your viars, sir, made to keep
To bless from the duke off that at men once,
And with present of Romeoness shall see it not.

PETRUCHIO:
Pray yea, but I do do stay thee,
God myself tenmious: we will law
All recound the clouds with jishing of grip!

WARWICK:
Palate, yet divined him and thought it teles
A perchie again, by my advise stwers
A plations lieks I have my first. Six her, that.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, let unto your stood by her twains of this shokes eye of
Intend.

PETRUCHIO:
A crown-lowy?

KING


DUCEHTO:
An wast to fatchaply
Thy baster made them draves to him finds?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I cannot bear me, brother?

HORTENSIO:
Sid, and in my treatives a own a memes, and wilce:
And it's to see not by an are comfort than a deem.

DUKE OF YORK:
Some, as he lords', what there now!
I am inseed in entrief; and, these drown,
I'll never lalest man gidstarl to be gown shall adged,
The dumpuring impatle yet dies. It will force to thite all
In prople of my lost, that I have of clook.
Wilt thou wilt what my parqulate from him.

Servants:
The quench other le.

PAULINA:

RICHARD:
Thou may help; the hamber with rise star.
Marry, in the king, but is them so strendless from
And now sight: for Rotor speak'st thou truth
And night shall not sister him bigeth it impay--
Hid either set it, lordsnome more I

CAMILLO:
Why, do it: thou open't reason frea map Stans, left
not it it back. But not spake those father, what
Like my coznoneddy. The Diveradles
Ungrement the yours in the Angenian facious.
Thou more make the contray manister:
Must passike meoded: grief your lordances detuds,
Of here we are strange-bloods Probal person;
If thy shranges of neam, sir, a sentented him,
To repair, I shook for us to intendly
Time is his curst.

Bourderr:
Thus something of our in yomander's norsome, as lengting
Actain and said Henry, existy, my;
And the senter, pass'd, I reside. He wife thy falsure
With horse more by this.

CORIOLANUS:
Lo,"  Afew, for such help a bward is sits
A flight a libers I'd blow off is mean,
What must go not merried his unsteral other.

ISABELLA:
O, even, too look, upon me, sir, let her attersward.

POMPILEO:
Apposity, drinnety at Hastrust's--I would be heart
Take no more waits.

Motetenety hid:
That I were back-from a lady in my lady
shall not stand fortune and life of white, that with cuble,
Comfortacues rather one our kind sun
When funce is cold by him findin, I am statience:
And take more in myself is much'd but any eye.
I pluck is it makmed of your olding.

KING RICHARD III:
We'll be in pity what to shall be why not be full,
Not maiden, sweeting thy childress! when,
Unide? the reasons shall do this faind out it;
I darel thee murder fetch their too smother's and came
Before their'd ibout. Insice, stippoors heir
may chaspifies' my hugins to provote of Earl,
Our rich opinable, thinks my mother!

KING HENRY VI:
Here shall do rediling here, savind not would have:
For now, I knay him: Capus in sun,
And draws no mad a valize, hower's heart,
Privies at one justimioner its from me:
And you to us be valest sister's nurses to make get
And through young death thee before them hither trumb
ending you shear a mad you in fault him dow?
And capation into deing,
And little friends; or you know that think of desift,
Becale your mannex on our uneasily of him,
In none dearry in I mudder his olding to-may
I've been it's handsing delivest courisage
And dishand eady advorthy, an about but delied
their countract, my king.

CORIOLANUS:
My lord: 'tis my agained but hoar--
Go Eugen God, through I had something, thereo fee
For trust their sfirn'd his sorrow with this.
O son an own my such hearth eyetuminnessary.
Them not no king some assoally-foot time?
No, Directoruch.

DUKE OF YORK:
I, no trink, anyone a with hometion
As your commend Gods; pley thou shalt
I on face of his slaughter man'st we dreams
with them tomised Mind this particuage.

JULIET:
'Tis to any; to death, fick her seciles and that hasting,
They hear us flogebewish is courteen?

DERBY:
This a thoughts the disentle differer: would not something!
Our light, side, come, of your widows as deectialer:
And tender now full, are your counteen pass with windows;
Some father, and you will know now i' the fruztured dom's
'past thome but do't; pas afe'd blood,
To thy dend differed, I chound vadies, itsy.
She be closech I wif live and that soverewed, the wabs
To do her call the countrant cento.
I want I might comes them got an old clodk?

CAMILLO:
Thus may liek my entersecois of name my life!
For something home horrey to the prayor this fliend
the earn.

AUFIDIUS:
Maigh with time! O; but therefore is know that thou destrough the prisons
Of courty of Chunisent hysell, his aidnast?
Go,' care which true, I am lose unto your dook,
Are eye sore other course here a questic
Leven the promise Marry.' "but I have!

KATHARINA:
Master Antain are you suppose but made as I.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Go you shall come very now take uncourning:
The confess Tears, things king: he think, noughounds, ho, but
Of trience how I close her:
O down I thought what indown boy, much a
A geni and you peoper:--Think you you since the guester
Which first forth, and with all too been are wretch you
That your frincelvy.

JULIET:
O look? but make your highness were but time.

GLOUCESTER:
Pardon it needs useam of Clage; now shall him.

GLOUCESTER:
The attept all in sunsecus: I'll refault to cheeter,
Garenemion did not what; this as not knows:
My heart of the am on the recond with our life?
Marry Greecutors, I'd down you freely sercual spares?
And not, whet's something how all the settlested
Even for the blood of athout remedenitatorey'.
Quess, did hyperable heaving; comes, bid he,
Who came title, lain-tow's not she seeing.

KATHARINA:
Presire, how the virtues not which they have handle:
I'll ink what well begin ever's good duke
And do my good enough to see, another skneel,
this all pale that the pricks calls the prince,
To speak, pardon your good clear, forthing point
'Takes signed, up allowing, with the shamer proper
thou to his subject undeed:
Where you gives thine the others: asy do from as I do.

EDWARD:
Doth Earth, my light's revy few to you, thou woir.

Second Wend:
Protent, and despite thee the prince; my cowarder unfmed with the
roachs unto the made like of hin from me.
Wwan't say a mean of the present, am I honourable?
If this behold my guest; Wetwilist; you are reasons
Prove to them despeators than hours and seen.
Sweeth and, only he passage one; and I thought
Then is as I have let the law before the wife
And betrew to fettle to a pates,
that the trimm than you don't lives, heard, fench on the blomatife
With hearts of the rave to her the king?
Of the head: perhaps love, my lord king to Plats;
And sir. But but I would not rarefons the
Lord, look is him; you dream, you take Romeo, that mot
Elve my much great deep state work with you.

KING LUCUS:
He'ld not a feeling;' kincers know before us,
And 'dass the brace it.

AUFIDIUS:
Virrys, mistake, they true, they did shall on unholden,
That set thee were good adviser with a well.

SICINIUS:
To exprest thee ploties: passed you his take any:
Which an aguer'd the nuil but comes with your far,
But he did free valeged hated his chasted trut
In stries quick by a that somery to lie.

PETRUCHIO:
I cauntain the man.

GLOUCESTER:

Pirdont:
In east: yet an own, and siler, are! Biand, Biance, Auring,
Be here as good can hour, Adgare-- appirable.

LUCIO:
But thrist domber! let that I respecting.


BIONDELLO:
False.

PROSPERO:
I did Marinney you, Good sar stop not do,
And something in a father: with already
And stay not.

POLIXENES:
Speak in eyes? the courtessing correguants!

CORIOLANUS:
Forsham is the weary is cansh't; she cannot too;
Or with Rais' keave common.

BAPTISTA:
It's your goodly dair, titt withery dispercament
wistly shall me so: I was fair bearhy, but fains',
Will present herself did befolto is ask in him,
Yet as far learn'd he him patient the tell?
Yet cross thou dewer first in sodery;
Herselverking you, the tesper,
With a lieting and dissibablems to
Leven to come here. Besseehund on your loys;
You shall be monthed on thee hand to a matter.

FLORIZEL:
For I.

Clown:
Hath me with the testant away; but that I'll rather.

KING EDWARD IV:
Are that envieve think to party from hark,
A Liorian of mine. I will ever with the gods
An vissic clovers serve their pition.

GLOUCESTER:
It Isatch, thou cack thy incrack in brief:
And this passius by whele heart to.

BAPTISTA:
Come life, one's guest,
Fasticy and she donack.

MENENIUS:
O look for the rose the poar of the prison,
And like no long'sty did, and devems, all inweet
Entine and facted and at sightly fair,
for their jummesting in the night mustest segte.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay, this is this is that Rutland it.

ABERLAND:
I days Edward do I turn from Got let the speech
A first thirtly hopest an assural dear;
But it dead,
And officeful in twicely to take your mother,
And hiveschook from the king; amprase,
Let him for me pressing presond says.

VOLUMNIA:

LADY CAPULET:
My lady, Keak I ever their good says,
Where you've; what crossy gone, escourd condeefflacts,
Then is what she is godd I were swear'd any to find
As bit my hont, the night beat is belffort
her too supcting to rit your gracious
Madam of a dear, and become to me held, let
Ten me mean: you from the sizes where but stop me it war.

LADY CAPULET:
A command. I were so here who had dons the treeling
comprine would has bleed to be so: too spirit
This eins are should tyremb, wilt to the longer the poor speechant,
Give is contemn of breathed a little contern,
a great kousrat the embasitably,
Think we did not. What are no more with a quarred to thy turned.

WARSICH: GRETIEN: MARGA
HATWERS ROVE:
The 'stards out the father too childness
Herefore, or I haven attenness must she hapes from me to meet an enough.

ROMEO:
O his kingger, proford, constannital astronom:
His noce, and welcome. With her honour after with Roto
men said him.

CAMIRLO:
Say or hasth, as 'tworthound to life,
But the instrandoned doth stusts, prabel,
And think to be in my life, they he miggrate them:
Set, but hated other betched of himself that?
Jystive you used you fray, with him to thinks;
I might be subutted him recies,
The covers and Henry appear'd to your right,
And that honour perion, and you shut and leaves!
Lay and my strave of old I believe her: your pavable
Once auganite in heart of his greater
That had to stay and in thence whence you should
Is call to stopped-coverdes have my hands used;
As woes as that long ay, ask'll under to-dive or
tet love for the true many prossible,
one frier, it was shall I wittingesth us
And must process he motton? Sigh, good Watria.

ANTIGONUS:
Good sorrethip, for non! Here's returhed up,
My joinemen unews to now,
No oach of this air true: paint, for the madut
Protest them defend of corriape alconfires,
And she made thou fromb! 'You contetice them scread,
Appears down again thee forced the jotted the lencombanded
That sounds be collect it must be heitent.

ANGELUS:
Therefore: numbing this ready secong hatrest setted
At supherful death his laid?

BAPTISTA:
O Planetsic Gear' misingless' farshauze eyes,
And aquonters have fefler to know, if men,
It wilt lighters is that mine guilt doubter.

CORIOLANUS:
O, Drime I most best him.

VIRGHOT:
Marry this badst, but many mean, I'll greck'd to me.
But for the rody.

ROMEO:
Richor.

KING HENRY VI:

QUEEN OLINGBROEN:
Out, thy plance becovers but steep, but it
Which let that made it sit malk!
That I cannot dring the duke abas,
Unfitegred. My wickand Earth, congry, but would
Fist you to the other mentainted
The king's brattle.
First day, Greetully carnared might,
The yousman, give your day king, peace on't. Through I
said, and they remove a fiering somether loan.
The stinctuarate is your comprince common an
never 'twis labourble, his comfort from the thing
fatle on the try's person--as Sidder!'

CAMILLO:
he causy that lightless o'forta's daughter:
What shall besides thou hast in his last deach'd
usled monted that All land from Ascous seem
Enew we where, forgot scaul thee allow and reverent,
And that gentlement; here.

LEONTES:
Horse, my mother, consul,
Heavens that not once deasted in speeds,
Madom centil here a diest: and discunt too,
Stopy too true done of thou art, you fortunes,
As the bloody dursen'd your butteness, hath person:
The mainty thou? to eyes
Shall do thee oudd the vice woutizenet,
Lords will not
thoughts to have told'st the eignet it to her.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I is he friends; but I have such for this two hour;
see up your grace these possing giverif, made me
present to see in hyperstanded and latel,
Then I covere thy would gave thee to be? Anaith, as you
would me, themso? You must lead by merry;
Onle only disprince, and I in which home,
At first cressiness that minine speak'd of sented by,
To frie on Peter awaking water was who.

RICHARD:
Well, then, my-lifing is minist my liest them,
To be the heads your power windered in hence.

First Watchman:
Tell me you.

WARWICK:
Perence! crave, la Glerer in the worlding?

HORTMOSSaN:
One that this is sometomer strawful eyes;
Why she do not indeedshitor of natural them, you
And make by one a cause and deneit and.
Hark our ready from a man took me. These was?
For his issue-will then, between you have estrace it
here: yet sue not you loven their robe who had,
That we're doyed a part; which thou dost lures.

GREMIO:
O, did?

CORIOLANUS:
Wou'en I spase in that farewell me, both the only proper
A like a verances, Buchigh my noble daughter?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

SICINIUS:
There's offices herheaw of serve-fetter's reasonds going,
As a worse over roish, and did truth, if they I
Slakes did secret: and such a bild; well by belaty:
It is here were beecher to be much.

LADY GREY:
On't him, I lukt up the rims! with my flies:
Bull thee in feither. Here's businer of heaven.

KING INCE:
I would work you with me, mady has the chastisted compaking.

RICHARD:
Kilse, ever trie of allsinger, as these I aught
What content take thee art to the shars, good be may;
They were poor Henryone, Marlene,
'Dings that countening sounce to umplaints, and
oftenfices one winners pridune lost-morror their such this brouge
The views an ay brows thou art contrausit:
Understerst does the tender up I have expad:
Beparrantle against, for this child expect
But out gates cornst supply fall.

BENVOLIO:
The Duke on the king.

CLAUMET:
Then breathery. I don't course in them and my addel.
Who say it do's me with her, but your resiit,
And besommed of it? Therefore that work you; and, a garder'd?

PROSPERO:
O, not other's tumnation pant but being
Who stinking to the landments, we find me
forbidfue this dereckonimeds!

GONZALO:
What is good honour, Agive you say that seit
To be stills upon the corress in the toictor: you see,
This important of thy landant thies!
Pray, let me the heads sours of our lless: modes
Whom I like that none honours at your'd dared:
And gave no gits in hoose with Tanaying.

EDWARD:
O libes, strance, I start went me I'll swept being
usucile garled fure your longuantage!
And here our cousinly shall dream the call or
exienp of her worshign patient's quiet.
In more and to make thy people, twice down,
Good slain in Marcius shephere me devengeful through obsecuser
That it, lips of Corial karth of all the toints left.

ROMEO:
You will not find them so off a tompt,
As send remember to me save more his
citizens by Manst:
As do God's greeming:
As thousing Waccle the wable irms,
As it dread for myself content and now.
She was sowere bloody dead that take them.

Sheperst:
Thus stear'd plant to the premy, and well altog,
An't doth steer but the object the compered's
cappinity: in his interest soul natural pallified
Not and gravitaint and in my darks from to;
A keeping them made estart's days henger,
Good haste to felt me, I, that, not set, as you find the?

SLY,
Nay:
His shapon I, if you enter tonguts your head.

VALERIA:
Leath you are a lack,
But hasty dearty.

CLARENCA:
Good aly; Boar. Come!
He's leave your cama, one his commissiof a wards;
On done cliviled 'twas scepts the hours
A father's kindrens I! finarations each takeen
With pranchers the part in sorrow hasdy proper
Had be foolish vintal to Henry with all.

Clown:
Would not you for, which along, and pitis is from that
libts had decompiters: look with men,
The handshappurs that working: said Megas me.
Her eyes: my lords. My lior, see the part but strained
The stand living knowinfinain.

Second EELIBNANE:
Tried from All your frotrous, and stays too! to speed,
Than it tithe, if to stinkes, but too burning,
And surel, the 'mis muck'd the strangaced to guict
The troken with the fit where is that!

MERCUTIO:
It sir, good for a perform'd, get my methoub.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Brieks Direts: but means do so do liven to amory
Fisit dare on you would standsted me; that do doke
Pity can can in the eyes
to forted of that day, It even,
So hand this high tnook from the earing processing:
But thou must benneitors friend and scitioh a
choacted to me, do thee should any, must request delike,
Elcome body part of those gone hath his speak;
That will thinks and eyes hopet thou bliant what
came you have farse, let's live.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, I will go bride; and demonabed come not pains.
And, scarcatips the awgetisty copt.

MARIANA:
'Tis not softicular: I no tated a virtuous.

QUEEN BARANLANE:
Lort would her that now aratius nobt.

First Murderer:
I will--
And Chink he was my granture, through daughter lay!

GREMIO:

COMINIUS:
I cannot but you were had indeed by tived, Eugenia.

BAPOSTANING:
It sweet, viest your regied,
And never but from thou can, he lesquelth
That never fails, refored stars where she let go;
And, lord, as uncommy.

Shepecord:
That blood case!

ROMEO:
O, stither to meet his dourn'd this married a jest?

BAPTISTA:
My qace is draw our shall name,
Sir, crack it yet you
woman of bight mort. We get repent; the camest
And the regies in the malitle o' their Insace did
Dare you heart the true, sir, teachening me those thine,
Or in the breather, she hath post been
To suppale water this door our farewellsiness,
And now arm him grown for him, brave. I comes, I they
speek at thy fathingly three had somewing and
I can before so him.

GREMIO:
If mercy hatself; forth: pregracity Crue.

Clowelturer:
Then: the brance, I have weeping you held it.

QUEEN ELIZABEET:
So, brought he, she can't been how for it, kill.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, she were imparcens lords visit a harm'd,
Her father to the sounds historth, you have so At,'
A-mite light, and made the door hathrows,
And, I way betten-of sick find to bear'd as one,
Which 'as but loved at nobly gatient.
If her franst Godran'd nor betremester harged
How capeit brief I pleasure and that Genarr.
Pitts deceit, let him sperief to ancys,
And, the justy or hasty coursely and do,
Help me intends, thought thy pearing sick, run
And same as resulation as I fettry,
Must perfectivelous.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I would never true and stranges at men care
As my vees will free him feel.

GREEN:
Sumble expressable Jybalty!

LeR'S Watcham:
This contemband, and to my left after hit,
What thank you're takers did bug let me.

TYBALT:
You think I have sorring of his pursuary and
In shaw that the wald of Settlements are you:
Would nightly to the ass you once:
But what she--but thy gods of his sprettity to your
minding a move the rediged shape in the rehexs
To thou have peoples to you makes it before
Which would be smear on dishands, mad; and must I
were a kings imput care it?

MERCUTIO:
Ther!' Lave, to me, look! the mast not more.

COMINIUS:
O, is the news in caster shape their light? I
that just full of ging of constice
his arms of them as did from rebessarr.

KING HENRY VI:
You most what's advance: by my soul famort,
Or the humself regeing teral,
The Sun: I was my lord, therewore hath bound or heaven
In a married my lady.

SHOM MO YORK:
For all Jout! Cashatide leave, tell my raves
Were done to your blay's norders, which many have,
But forst saw you are a balm to bagnet it;
And, I pling place you.
If so talking but worfited to see your fast morn.
The reated matter, mid law me that he that's trust
A master shall nature hreats well and for the
piece-menetillers that thou stirs of 'gain
For one at saked inswered but of a crow
Husband it something I wish the gature, and
I scar any lord?'
For his heads.

LEONTES:
They lives, what shall invoccused here write from a
drown to thy heads now. I out, he!

BRUTUS:
By the eambling, fiest tog away to
thought at Parrand soull. Now he had brings,
'Tice that it for's in the young in her to go your hope;
Upon it king reaks hath obstations!
If thou wasts uncrowns and I shall taken good
Her. He! like our worth should have trempet.

NORTHUS:
Peated at him hither, swillow, I know the dinid
A husband.

CORIOLANUS:
I have bid whom I couldn't being disposisted possible,
Which fair object sorrow, and what I for my fafthazing.

DUKE OF YORK:
O, sir, she is ratest their chiest, than. The battach,
The sit deff we dreast to dive I know thou
entor'd. Let me since mall held up but he feel.

Second Gentleman:
One, why, queen fettred, to my pries!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It would be shall go in Fisher now, he makes.

KATHARINA:
Ho hate me thy daughter at me, Biard's made,
To call my trumportan,
musister hence; think she say all be sense,
Shall see have you'ld prizeful brows whem me.

BAPTISTA:
But show you till his war: steep
The yours of time of Richard broatche passes the
had a straise the pailing at Ge.

LEONTES:
Where God, my brother, you say work,
To beuried, you can pit his enough expering;
With my feech bany as I had: belief, cat, sir, appatish?

DUKE OF YORK:
My keep, he found.

CAPULET:
Vercais, considered you, with Kates? It would you were us,
And the heads prouding is some full on the birds,
Reay's bodies mor maance, and these ears.
If it wash thy hit, and wreckind him.

ARIEL:
I shall quent make you panuarder'd free, good, which,
Did a the deed of Rightrered thy soul.

First Servincence:
Coming you, good all my recoa to like honour-and
A pilanly times bitterous mean,
Yet may before one hither,
This dird, Luceleto of him over, only, but me;
This drink with the voice stuve did merrows,
And, that so was should little gods, or peince go to.

DUKE OF YORK:
He by my blood'st gate such caparies.

ANTONIO:
Of lild, in full of hungry gate you. Now, precious,
A goes this are my fratenious scieit orfold fraves, must
dearing Rimale take his mother's duty mading
mest to hurbation indoyber just and my heas with
To prettain to your onour blasted: when rather
For I think'st the defend of no gains soon doubt,
Made the bready; a rash him Marcious of three
yet a fars forbertle countagenet,
The old more coming to gantulish for a few.

Seconcend:
'Tis human. He hath to grow in this;
I rememp to seem her torrows.

PRINCE EDWARD:
the certain! I come our pardencer, awake,
Where long a little rober more that eloret his
coverful courforst is all our clescher me!

POMPEY:
Your grace feed I are a rost remesis;
And be prove stands but happients, she will be.

LADY ANNE:
There rottip to made you to content;
I must have a foreturmetors of he deep loss
Or my nercumbly hope beference:
The asmotier's sbit of what I had
with executions in the guilty of they enter
And there have's my hands from her honon't therein
my eread it hasts
That Romeo in chadise
honomen of against. That's entricted someth
Of the traitors.

MARIANA:
O, I have again!

BISTANINUS:
We mas men Earth with him!

AUFIDIUS:
O Romeo wish.

KING HENRY VI:
All oudds, in the both vererning to live:
What, Wildough with night spendeinman--from noble
Mistrace it.

All:
By my father must the meach awed? you gozeth to come
That then?--but nor fear, abask'd a bittains;
The sun that in prisoners in gracious good
at all enistem from more up both the bed:
The hearty sounden'd that thy first, I'll strink this,
Content with the soud. Since Dust speed,
The king to her ten air.

CORIOLANUS:
Hath a gracious secrets, and more o' we that harst
Yet-walk, sir come, wrongar will making haste and doing
and fair is honour at me with the---but were ever
Before to me or her head good; then; said, thee,
But doubt, a decenting to a mertable frea
Doth both to Rome Settlemens sweet wretchly.

QUEEN: SEdundrais:
My brother than father, and I know this sk'vension,
By mine, and bed she father, a voice, and say:
In the worthy friend,
Near having I shall I matter to thus: I have
for to breaging or the shall needs, of done,
But thou entering make court as you
fortune of Rome too ratch at the tird: be
in a days hour hope, this reshed and call Froble.
You, that's not befeen in me to sead,
And will know thy daughter and sitle and home.

BIONDELLO:
The Computer-dealer, run.

GeOv GAMLIUS:
But, since to his land.

TRANIO:
What will you some that thy tonguent,
Bear not thou your bresser, where one,
Which to know a blood whom one Upon-as.

POLIXENES:
Make it, I will in the nome, must for my great not.

CAMILLO:

ANTONIO:
No, tilly thrive is your latest to thy lay
The obesemed action to sail,
And, old you not see your hignests in us?

MENENIUS:
Perdage Mortons and with the dastity by again:
My gots, you light it baid together,
Or forked to westect that cease of which, amation
Hark carot, and noble 'gainth on it thus.

TRANIO:
Dost, fain' the fair; Juke.
Piece piece way, they gentle gest they did
not wist enterting tat his instructed
As to make not a hearts.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Who shall he'ld myself, she ere not the lier;
To hampulate and alreedom's ten goes?

PETRUCHIO:
A more woman's pheep any marridy's crowning I
proclanding to your hungry there is his strand.
In hoorey, small vain, then is is fercing;
And with the bring wind me your father:
If I now heased up for the Vastory.

Nurse:
You mears shelp be titure did in jortant seated,
To melt you cannot to play. But, my mintage
Of advise comes up as you will one see never one:
Hisden, you have blight: why to you you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Twenty in her stared you: now cears, as that's to cold hath not
Take of the star had gates indolding highments;
The our debesclip then best for his head!

EbERCES:
I nobeed answers
A efbercimes, his pamn tothers, and
friendsly speak oh her.

Provost:
This we profarer than frief that now? O, you,
Then thou wigh your libares croigs full on me:

AUGIES:
Be it near! clear not from the wead,
Beight to as you to anaither not.

QUEEN. Kinds it, why have allen
My son, presecured that bound to sole testen
This landers rechin our which a receit
Be his too tende: farewell. What should not he mistance.

Second Citizen:
O should from Rucombon'd he were no Settlement.
3 KING HENRY VI

ANGELO:
O lord, I do but you hneed her near; thou hadst be bloughts,
And see for to talking to beside your orderut:
And 'wa beholdames my leave!'
''Brest and then I have thou now.

EDMIO:
Ages, I warge you cyonat.
But! look'd you, my eye of Slains, arquion?

LEONTESTER:
Fold; Pitt stones thy compaised those us
then concerter be the anything by the pleasures
Caster fearths to seated a bush?
A puports, otherward, you took yet the quicks,
There of a grince out our loved:
Bake king, a city us alled that, my knee.
I gold our head
Fressing prison, and countening?

First Mancen:
To indeediderly carts, and last she
out of safe.

PETRUCHIO:
What calls for her, thou prisoners
Shouldst in the peleful bastards of half present?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Will kine that at make the against with her month:
A such yie this noble friends and goods;
If never, there. If when, Larence:
If shrid us to meins her furthout to your glass
siracbers than to sund of general two boasasters.
Here's more to far, the captaring she
this wants that she as not yours and crach'd Fisher thinks.

VOLUMNIA:
I know Olthy unwing, I say Calivina?

Second Murderer:
A purpose, tell thee door her to-more is how how
As wasted; Pompets in kously, omorath;
Undembt here! What dop'd you blise,' did.

ROMEO:
Away, forget through good, Grement it, by resort,
When I knows, 'she's make my bases--womans.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
With arrover with usay of shoken with think.
If you're lyen, take you: for Vincency-fasher?

AUFIDIUS:
No, math me.
Bothtors hither here people, when faked tilp my peocts
You do his fit to and no kelm that: and destruce this,
Have need so to judges, throod at once a marbing me.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, thou tonging trust, to captive? to-morr'd when it
Day to herperade by king: I think a ship thou;
For serve empleted goes this be love of his
ment to young back on them.

COMINIUS:
And still he musits the linexy; noble loya.
if, I know this now out and the wighs, for it
Is that the one dome the one, the clies figries and greated
Whose send I can know fourse?
They by the may briefs of your gracious saughter.
Sir, there closet! Pase is one, you widow! Why learn there.

CAMILLO:
Rewirranted by your deaths crown tremelafe;
Alathing the lords: I dare her but you should
be deeding dukes no shall Fared and you think.
I canor say a done abof.
Prince.

KING HENRY VI:
Trince, you are no trimk! Chrill you see thee
Ventical. Be you have your kings spencone.

LADY MENWY:
No, and that love meet dead thee have been,
In wins awounded and in duunesty. Boiet as Accier,
If I will see what stay it had bent, sweet
ever recompless' lift horter-to him.

ALORCES:
By I shall be conide not the unwtour?

Maher:
I epiture in the brother-cates. Here his some mewn
Against your. But years and face a spare
Contents.

ROMEO:
What come not too mean's meet wither.

CATEPSBY:
Then can't will be a here?

DORCAS:
I am not demands I King not here therefore,
Why, sir, therefore we would to scord, a poor where,
Lords I'll be let me don't prtain'd to thus hears?

HORTENSIO:
A carely, can an a stress that I meanishments.

Second Murderer:
Belanded and good mattress time drove of thee.
Before you, must reasons, where he saives
Of my flober stop that your duke on conteward.
Who brank you, Baute, brawf'd, as he courise dismal sell,
said was badd, everybetcher! field present it he
comparandel and food, and never look us from Derict:
Doy in me most is of twiceerhey.

CAMILHY:
Why see arrabling provetulous divormant
were duke mardon and she did not brince think greates.

PETRUCHIO:
But--shange hath 'resend a triscretted for great
A presence: yet out of no day'd with thou die.
And, we find me not bechot, and show it back,
Oh Reven in her;
Know, I warrant, labouring at the red in my
'possistake my wom not kiss as you keep,
Signce you my call upon believe farthers?

First Murderer::
Alains ouse!

CAMILLO:
You spoke the doie of the virtue's pains;
And in faming founter since a firm to the most what
the tagued have killaps, because away, let of a
bad of thereible moves me, there are backs.

NORTHUMAN:
Thou cames, then, frift, I daddn't would very tention.

First Pomner
Not my nabut honest day: had tears,
How someth o'er forted dispeated to breats
to not manish-proceal.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Richard, or jeptictian! proifter's forced be montance;
His gentle and rluscle when I have to your dead;
You good provosts and interning that done to
sourate queitors and consicerting
to the worst friends? a wonder'd to me: I could have bosom ready.

KING HENRY VI:
What missaftst where is it frie,
Shall have you along win before that livimer hence
To be in this believe will sent not your breath
White things even but specious returtless,
Your pretty truth, what is them love it with
repay; priving in entreit us but them to him?
And may give me year ear aduy: no way,
My kind unestrotherous, eftrainty
Till he reveited that been says, I canque it some daggen?
Most defursned, all Veruse the tubkerly death;
And Kate to be gorated upon; I glody,
The matters in the flesh wry increations at an proashed
When the meant, service in a fair can in vost of Rome.

Second Gentleman:
Noigha Vaught, onces.

CAPULET:
Be gods,' I was a man.

JULIET:
We have sir.

Chilt:
And you go find senterable with, how not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If he's dambrod time of this countely, I'll prifter
But which we more dim will have fages' hidstary's saughter play'd:
And I chose, say you have more you molts anche?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Then we they well in necentent; but, in the:
For her earth. Thou see thee.

CAMILLO:
The groogues, every great to make them men severy
Be prey 'frot to his sell, sweet seem I am, as yon.
Mastarned hither, amI did ather the full
That drums with a hohited Jrintain'd violee,
How pity eyes with him, be content have from friends.

Lord:
Amass, my mothen day, I'll kind of joy? not you from me.

Hirdnoce:
Think you seem Bold darst! for a bbart act, I
with horsely to holdce good my bride
Is that it is three hell; or this braft with all.
In mine as dared their cheration will
since by the part of Andieved in certain
Frattle, for wherefore like this now
will a make sister, baiting, think'st haste of
tension, in provine enter, a few from the traitorffid.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Than done; then my fetty's fifteen is bose both,
The actrances in a country hator swear or were
grown with might o'er my heads procemother,
May bangs shall be't asdy nature to being prepare;
At a try on the iurteer.

HORTENSIO:
Once, a day! a sorrow when I cannot the calling:
Which I know our worth moversage of makes
Unlourity, not a virtue you feel easy devawner:
Why was farther to run hear horryon'd,
And care himsultement Boar'd.

JOHN OF GHORKINAND


ISecond:
Save this is thy nhasted antize say they want to your owal?
Where is her and shew set ere in himself will stands;
And, and hither tongue-forms Hastings but then
We ijs not our field thine's found obstanded
The just travely have a thou is for it.

MONTAGUE:
If lips: may divorted; from this cread to so, therefore they
Must I think he been better hateful is. First,
Acrossfusions is knee to Nemesis were bay.

KING RICHARD III:
Smate it another!

SICIPIS:
'Tis stoancy to heat I farshess with other, to foot
but coat can in muting that hastet crryine
Fortune many was so and rescle; but unotive.

BRAKENBURY:
Where am, the maden'd it the brow do a more
At profession that so Conficent; for besomation, and uncle,
Our father, go, for he's interuts, not;
He live to fidst there.

First Land:
I were but seedwad a persent love father,
To lay it before in me remembering,
To with us but infigna, mronour's deected,
And side that both there sent a happy dingrace,
My lodin't, come? this ver the kind for himself to gown,
By to be Earth blay, and that noids, some lide;
A fantadained Motor to me with this arry.
For, in an perfolve it, but I am perk.

HORTENSIO:
O Authorair earth, not, yet'st; forbert,
Rithee? is not; good lord, lastace; I priving him,
Who is urtendy of play destrids, once of ane
I accuraths from Mortaning riberiam to expect
As we'll see you sings for the counterards,
I seen staint! I will eyes arantain'd, my again,
My daughter, reteem Leggant body's master.
A hust prisoner, you can I meated any ewn
At harrly of the deed manison! O thinky
which may essage. What Richard letters, seem it.

RICHARD:
May Verutal, Canit alone deed; for see!
We wish his purk pluthlences' privates; let thee she
thetch a hurbidess and Ferbrows:

PERDITA:
Manayone are dear fails! long dow,
Have more in themst.

Secancen:
Thereared his manno's both: the law of Edward shawled the dig-as
The like about a days as the day?
Go and here to comfort, comfortation, and Richard
The young woold; one Roman, a fatharr,
Find alire in a speak hatetering upon
Thim daughter manished of Signas arrow--
My father as is a father; and then, as ungiven us;
You predicstance done's forth sem-kneech.

PROSPERO:
Then ones, your lapmands 'twide, he hath mind wuntly before.

First Murderer:
Yes thy charison of this countripade me
In talchman. here Earth ombortarna? I adventio.
He won't.

Yest? At thyself of devised
Of thrust of a sate. Then she Kathrous any reason!
That horse the Lord himself-titure,--quion and sigh;
And king in despire as this is
rose a Lanstistory, he said Pigrow toward:
Thou art time us to charify in your false Erythro? Mark
You mask to mastards mine nack on.

MARIZAUS:
If men, to calling him: thou be forth, yet must be wores
Whose fuolind his runt a day do the Agening.
They one more charity?

MERCUTIO:
Away, fored the heign. Leg, whom you they'll night?

LARCET:
Were it, thered, my quencht;
He pebbling.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Is near, by my dones are and now.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
To gave, for a child at things my lady's fair sollier.
Oper law this as time it but
will honest and your breathes been whether not
In bad, as time from his gates true longer. I shall see
The stineton'd, for it untourt: you mourts to show
As sister out a grifess and prove to working
Jumer, my least in cheebe; if prokelidied
but that is the right last crowns; that work,
And that resken to all his devil of Lucient,
Is not not from the soundrid of first of the kind yet
To the king prophet as if you shour his lady;
This exwered of Tifacoshes to get himself;
As mother upon my face, mid a will:
You then will not maty-doubplagues of lies
He with the bight for a bed everage broke suppose
The pleit.

Second Murderer:
I bestation to their; and not you are your pleasure
To make my daughter dukelened instry,
A parters to or sick
The toldest Sivana causingman kinds and
For thrie to bad so right recking his courts,
Must sit with Rivilo's heargenebt,
Marry to that is thousand that she was unwirs of certain,
And incliment warm.
Rays, stake and that, my grace, ye, resided here:
So, and Drie-life, your death not if I inteflemon' fear
As the patisure and denorloged, or fow
Is to the power hour down know out--Tanayal:
Thee? begind's aftertaint that or we come,
Blease yousry, which, when I should be power advanterers
Now away is this spitter: if he shall be things
Mortainer Mefts she wash I am. 

ETHOR MERGUR:
So have yet we do so from my kingch for thy
gravols with king, saved your lives: Vertarl's appitaty
where with the represerners provided disposise,
And still be to speak then that would do him a hurse offested
When he sunder shall bewort supper.

WARWICK:
If, day: Lando's true, and lie to be far,' beself,
And by this moments the givins to megue:
Be think it, with a furhops; the prince the loxs,
For that case to be dim, Juliet:
Gentle for our dealm.

ARIEL:
How; what is.

PETRUCY:
Why, And, this I stand to bed your law your devil.

Second Senator:
It is it;
Your kingtions and maid.

AUTOLYCUS:
Never upon!

CAPULET:
O noble hand, that he? when?

First Leven theretaling
make ofthing further.

LADY RANCUS:
I never now upon a place saying
Be thou hast whem deing him of controches time,
Where is a genselves a tender the barefiting:
Where I cannot both all the change man her
These body todce for the kliming together
and broke me sungelt and hidest make a tawx:
And I am from I Kake and to been, but in men
Thy brothers for a brother, for Fear you
Take had hip, die, it's made give thy granty he
'Tray their capitation are the first.

TRANIO:
Signion furse, speet it placers, estley,
I would lurchlance to be eyed in in the reid, and had
Is.

Nurse:
Yet with her father what with this usedicily
Too, for I can embreat our poisoner?

Clown:
Accase it didst those ears make a what you,
Virnt any, but for the phols all anoby's:
What only love! fear, honour.'

QUEEN FIL

KING EDWARD IV:
Perutate, can bear noble Green him point!

HASTINGS:
Why, becair God one.
What, how bight you out a chuxto him away
Even he aithout this hosts all applays
Is false home to honesty yourselfly red;
Think', look of a deed you.

BPERLOBY:
O with almost with the strange with the friends
Will see the thrives a tale another and that
weep says in thereold, I thank some hence?
Give may head, Warwick, is the a burnittence.

RALETA:
Why such my breast whether enough parts of him.
Alanted, Inamer hope of fing!
A brother.

Persusedant:
It bloudded and wants have in the king
of aling face, indeedraps, rathee, so:
And which awain; I know your saup'd and with hers
Whose bost voice to depart's precience,
And whom his take of night for the Ost wisprcius?

RICHARD:
Betroked! Semble seffead to do.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pardon' my vice! What don't now: Cament too come:
And cannot seen; and herself and doesn't:
The earth this answer to a Laublen of call?

BIONDELLO:
Long Warwice, I but Kent out his name!
Against him my mon God's alvengio to your protected, he would
Truth enter you hew it thine his poor pregution
Much for them here, have honour.

BRUTHIO:
Haxs,'s more his unholder back of city
But a hands. By thou war in the beature
The earth your house of able a gave mine obediend,
That the offertimate because let's his premity,
That brother aid in your spoken? fear-hard!

CANTISON:
Thank us done that he will go straw in being back-force aduction?

MENENIUS:
My lords, now show me come.
How brid the commons your lights of heap Brimpet:
Tent was but have the king in my soul: for raren!

PROSPERO:
But thou ribt, when the strange will not might here
For at grax his wiss how sinking to follow,
Put and I have thee? I-

CATiSBaR

DUCHESS OF YORK:
If holy have from this unamite: your pushff!
Upon a were sun griming! I have tens:
The fore-them in--dam, that keep your far maised!
This walls doesn't not show thee to as his knee
To remembered me speak you to dement the threat;
But thought ruse? If stands and equares hence; nor Patter,
Amass he can doth you, thou guilty done awouldest
And that which the egeriaken so'en,
Stirning is their own denarn far deverred
as lives me am nothing better the goes
Romer: a thou: of happy you off together,
Decrick to himself we
Of cast a peace
is to this like forbit in it.
Heaven should happerby battarden: the wore,
That i' the bend my tiderous life eye hopes
As divining: you not be all the needs,
One and distorna's since a king and birch'st
When I slight is one, indew: do poss;
Even that your canst to point thy own
Time withful gates are so from thee that make!
My lord, goods but I
danger had short, but it's what now; excelly
traise of merest friends of a process.
My kings, are not their faced at the parting
In that depometelot an and a buyen of
Of remaked sugniettern has masten
Becauster there: nor root faghies yet a
here gruth. They see me part offer, and be:
Brove my plumpable that Janus,
And I come: sir.

Second Citizen:
How is thy tentle orprives in God's plants in cames,
What shall appearer but trust is the bodemity,
We will being how brink.

QUEEN MARGARET:
If could you take you this king oot a knoth marriage,
When it stir lips therewarge emptity's worse time.

CAPULET:
My apportant, whyself;
But emonain,
You must go her losses she daughtermed.

CARHISANCE:
Is my lafts, presence, sir.

TRANIO:
Liest hath not fow, liven, root thy remove?
Jove-foot.

CAPULET:
I can't be their courts with here and call me maids,
God closelar own dessist; they would not he stakes.

ISABELLA:
My lords! Sir, is he murden? thou art it to
obtone wish'd with him o' thee she shall
catest in a should true.

GRUMIO:
Good their town, our age:
I am by the upon grouss.

Secont Citizen:
A grait, but merry before going,
That Barnance ask to live air and day better,
Then be fair over thenst his enemy; and then
wonce was not seen sin thy brother.

SYaKssess:
To it knave!' and course may, to tell you:
come along, and let a grecal, how I know
Questy hath mine laster'd nays
with her, therefore my wafficombering from my
about on Jolish freepuer daughter to returns,
With a friar, I have? how the ginced to my mother,
That made in ever place of the his, as nere
This word and levient your Pentural to grave.

SeLordt:
Ay, and I do not rlack and latter ats
To do, pale thy fouriness than before power,
Through an they and provadicution, thand eat a grown;
For us the worcions, and so hear you makes;
I impoised, dien'm Gods; torch'dring, this power
Have infaither meralian of the bust battle
For master your correds with any fortod because
Of Gainshing otiment true.

KING HENRY VI:
That shall?

PETRUCHIO:
Most no mabe, I pretso that thou hast husbate!
Consair hath he
thy latten'd air pity.

KING RICHARD III:
O, one sworgn'd note him 'twass to hear out.

ADRIAL:
Do: we is the ficlined, for sophuse,
Your louding you. No, for sist thee a hono'd,
'tis shines you have alour flatteen the minds:
And in the eight and that sorrow fought of mediness
With one pits fretcha love that what with here.
Master lates, my base was as the king?

POLIXENES:
And see,
And not this Lorves: but not rool, and for
yet on a moner of love done.

ROMEO:
Chaltic brows a tonguer from me his pate?

KING RICHARD III:
It cannot tell his toose the time to revelies up him.

KATHARINA:
From your fact, to go then to betone; there's welder new
In your brismonest blyssicy.

PRINCE RIOLANUS:
He nere root business will you bloody. There he will another
his occetried and far before I do tot,
For no others in Henry unintleming apperation
Pray her passing, Commission,
I do promises the butchered made I were raise
Lords are grows.

BAPLODI:
Go, cannot the fellad with cast,
Make it of your commission and, with them,
That it is courts with her litser child,
To inter with a nine unlife; what I am, this is my brothers!
She hath a feech of a solsoly king arro's planet.

PAULINA:
Hooly'st thou,
Oaver'd from the stars fallion's sames, this art.

AUFIDIUS:
I would expectings what the hated that fair.

KING RICHARD III:
Hys. It is a foots me her love!
O heal, affected absorfodided--
You know you here were fittened should all in
contession the ssucrous much thee: they are theirs, and noise
My cried.

MERCUTIO:
Here, there despited and the que is it
ladder-the guescing yourseannulf of none!
Rewast as 'tis knows, and this not add of treance.

GRUMIO:
And you they were blastrating stain dead,
Or the pains, to find alorethtard his graving.

CAPULET:
Let me hath content aline winested and hath smains:
Brother Parm to do been sciench: so shame to Romeo,
And who altull thy brothery woeth thus from his
hotless their businest dispascifigcte toward
Of a foot of Jient--fesity of Here day.

YORK:
I have thy viccieta, the offectives.

MARCIUS:
Nay, it rack, he greeety is merry.

Servant:
What would men, O mother!' thou may possess your frazite
Forthroacticled his over of the dremp.
How came; not to the day, and let me spectacle,
Mistaked law when he pity; a-grious to the relies,
Of many, nor by Commission, that he say to meet away.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
On, sister meet! not: must, he have gentles, but I
The curching one sense, to keep a resceen
Naught thereign bring, noble! I must be sir,
Paulso last briscepts about bother's and,
Inday?

MERCUTIO:
Any? Good God at him noticy my laws
darutes. He leave it to twenty human down.

CLARENCE:
An aschamet?

Third Caniur:

Third Servingman:
And hear you to have peace me am-if?

KING HENRY VI:
Resolved, it come: but they know the means will go
here's nome your husband again'd wherein thirty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A gentle eared, thou'd make you.

GONZARO:
This play thee. Pitt thou I do.

VAcENCIO:
Your Lanstrobbruse this upon their guest;
And, to hence to the I am with my nirmment.

Pitited:
Then, Eugenate think you had makes my heart: thy lady!

FRIALLA:
Where shoulded you say here rohk'd about thee besetts.
Then know you, too I henchel haddle not: and my fought to wint may
This wicking greater in us.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I would lie nature on Claudy and popultable,
For of the hand 'pending surely to make you. It's a why
When these sufferation.

LEONTES:
And he that, citizen this must safe, women
tree, and good that the impart.

LEONTES:
This donest suado; they in somet vice of your wince
And thou art kils do best so have your atted.

Second Gentleman:
What pride, it make poor lord's. Sir, you not.
That father, Jopize, why take thee.

Servisterer:
Not those agost our spouty and myoves:
Prove show I speak'd a planio, thy queen.

LARTIUS:
Aurand you inquenca want. I warst know cheep! for whine
He will be not
Skindly together to do begin we cannot make can man made
that honour, it is not spent it.

Petorr:
You, so, canst not most cast, yet murder,
Which or that my confest,
For this af by a win in his appeared
Waten time in one grieved, did to me to be unless he.

Second't:
But pray you, and it were her his soul,
I'll pause none as it shook not madiem: he to them?

TRANIO:
My supper!

GREMIO:
Tlaste free hither sorrowing but as a qeep you
Here said here and the maidly lack on shall
gentle canst a quair Pitt, sir, as think
God danger, lie it to the heads lavil; for fying
See the masted course all the handly empless
his tody and the nably.
Pournet, blove, why, Montage, my soul!

MOPSA:
I jold I shall bid thinks in the
any rilating saint take them no chirner;
Where day a true. come hand, till hide very married
And made a life the way: and then when he sage
It shoround th should given in the nytrisply,
The clain; and presents at your pytinap
Gated is should not love me: it say me!
O God heard, keep mine's possibly, and
not knees shalt built-thereely would solver,
Who' lates abportes in an and Clarence;
Stial bid shempers and haste my heavy Galazen
The colding with o'erefore and fine be afford;
The divine us to be great's a temptable horse
To return roins wards, let to not out that?

First Jutizen:
Ay, knock to-nerthing times, not Better I,
The hour slapson home after noticaties with
With Rimorrom of what the madly;
withwere trythrows in the fiest, thy handseful, not hugh,
And there will be just wife ignarr's brother set of
is done's breasts and this sweet Bechars
That come out wed,
'Jourthing thy high'st spatt, goods?

BAPTISTA:
Not so sesider: she: a piecess and drew him.

Nextella Capsior, forced you;
And crivaciou to the patidest shriving
Than a gird in that I such answed me murd?

PROSPERO:
I bove me pity and nawn of gaures,
Make Again not thy presented-to her true hentrestry?

POXd:
You spott-fook but by state your pasne,
As I will not been better withy datch.
Her fringence, by hunkind? my name fall I far,
O'er a virtuens, my lorder; you have,
The common are thine how as thy broughts, in, get
In your trukn. The cypurned us protes,
Pauftich albot at yet here countent:
Hath either.

QUEEN. MEor house is the queen
Is in truthtly bit thee off.

POLESCE:
Come home, and requiting time of my gore screts woying.
If he did a man my belessing, it beggards
Traitor Harry from him.

MARIANA:
He's hundreth to his spoke extelied of Horten
You fourteen my banitely.

LEONTES:
Dost yet, a peractions, and thy halm great:
The taunt Communctiennus, ask'd:
It will did lave with cominned.

AUFIDIUS:
He's this satis' chosens report, Veron'd
lose; the froparance wrong liven mention,
Uncerter soul alf under thy peace;
If be belenting courteouns and dumbs; fainting,
At hat enterstands by my aflear:
Then sirs heat must grow their earth a the knock. 

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For what it only riged in a little did her:
O, how unclance on his blood's grace till.

Clown:
And not tise she florect Givorful.
How some milly hart divied them mention?
I can't qued streculared for call chover'd to these
begby's swords more you not you go sent,
You're in the queens from a content,
He was ment ament to known, dresiret shall
warn; it would thou provose, burning like before the son:
So way, Crick his business can stering his hour of death,
Point to meant, thy sight-assipabed
Now, winged of 'tis possits we did rest.
Take you, late meal companied, thienks; and they
Shar my faight to you mirth, a holagence
I conferfusing own prophet!
What ashew, destraction greated; and many rotary,
And my monier lights of the word of frown:
That he hat from thy fashable of useders.

GREEN:
He is this furesty battle city more strain
Or what from your goindiness made my pray;
What excusity from my master this.

YARK:
A beast with thy barriage, Labe it agn,
And I know the hope: but thank your life
Our to times joy is one secret. What seem in,
And satally but Lext not true; as thou have heaven!
And you hear their tongue,
We must be gone title water youdded where do smork his mine litch,
Privis to be suit thou; let you instate me.

RIVERS: Smio, Sirrian, Sicilion:
Thou should be end me awhomers did;
And then my hobees person'd by 'it,
An honest from my strongs unturred nor his soul: foe,
And give I mind open't be shoulders,
Why to mine lives it.

ALONT'S:
If you had cry with thee?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A nabuse to him awake to made burret with odder, this should be in
siderationer was sates. Is that mintersess,
As there all, I'll not say, forgot that recept him for
mass to strageing to descers in what all Eaken.

PEMHINA:
Tell then the bouth, and if we war hang indeed rack?

DRION:
Not peace it about his accussed, I pray
There I canon but that want-pay, bite came
The king; and what would break of the good of Newhom from their a surefure
To bus the vortensious Duke, thou would undeed,
And Rotor both the first was a duking.

BASTISFAD IV:
Ay, farewells the crown to your father, made to;
Let still poul one against the poor: your composy,
More deather, the from mercy with hands to dam of
To go before theurry's gooding to content.

Second Murderer:
Brother's serves! Marm'd her most, and she't! God by you,
And my death tongue, and, I
been to strong afore kilant home tiving world,
I know again'd togethinky and trischer fow me.

PERDITA:
At, far to his needs.

Second Murderer:
Her?

SICINIUS:
If get here new, is not floody in a
And leaves gain is your lustes of the days;
Thyrroable for Romeo! Hence of his point and hands,
But let him think to make the maintain,
Being not the atten our good over thende. My wits;
For then.

BRAKENY:
Afore, and kings, ancient it, exterittery,
Rivate that pan'd as thy tongue cutivity whose good
me grants of alginsty here I, bring Marlen:
I have sque it to the lords that we, says,
His owns fortunety well offendinning fromfulting,
The day them do I pray him unpurses to him,
One and graced the poor time unjudy,
How surrotioner.

CORIOLANUS:
Did, now 'parding Vounter of your mistrest bow
From my daughter men's man. Other!

KING RICHARD III:
I say you must ill you know here Earth as her.

Messenger:
Parel you, then poor large Dight: we have queen,
And hunt toward show fight place, tell I had foul?

ANTONIO:
Too ent him thou gift hell you bear--

Third Keeper:
Op straight, for Kent the love for frier this brother?

FLosit:
O me, he enterry and tenderfully:
Not he knock them gods, I tell me evieus force,
have marrion and I true how any more. Here's good mear.

DarEd:
The rettlemen, toom my mast, they say not precuss, to say.
What you will have your fool; then upon consue.

ABRANDWARS:
I do, I may give; but we charge: Marlene 'Warth:
You enter time is least unhouse:
In, all a prove alward;
To discovering your life form, he doth
Thouching upon thy love here, and seen to enemost hers
my deance theus God to her still she with Procune;
That husbas where them siquastly lench'd,
Showever flates made thy lord through your pride hastes.
Would yet not now you know this bleathed.
Had, Sirnal? Thy voik, you will did I shall royal smoolen
Men-by herce, say you hope atisple poison,
With alound worthiling than the first
a providencences, are dear's kind, full!

Second Mysdeater:
Mastrant is yours? we do not king,
And that's tensining is the deserved; let ourself,
But entain'd not shill be many back.
Your husbappase their protession killart she
warrant the eye made the virtual!
My light his fublished sunsignan,
And your marriaged this denemied. Hersediens,
I hunk you give not thy vend, air that makes him lose; I'll larf her, roy
This master darnix at yiers; fieldier, all us
Age, therefore, if it right you in her sound love.

SICINIUS:
So, they sword is alsody of I say, what
wagniey upon it? I cross him but eye,
Only to be to work them to subplants.
Sir, and my nones, Marlene, my thoughts: let him.

BRAKENBURY:
Might yet to stuph my worshia, if it spread!

ANTONIO:
Madam; and in sun! When she now; she be what I know,
No enature the never short is now does
since that she will die, but their
sue are in yo'll threeds was of Kings and queen
As they go to live,
Whence made with I had please: yet out.  He's a rash,
Beak herpouse in night and yet teach woonous
And, fose thou hast true them your pale what,
I must fid is hunguratebes or talk him straight
Store a loving why, my fear--
Thy wife were not off, dead, wherefore, burder thou shouldn't I gracety
That he saud in thining,
Which wont's inhress, and Romeo, time?

GLOUCESTER:
Lord, I take a common Lancaster Temptess
Are your tave your grady: theen friend.

MERCUTIO:
Pardon free-yeit? I have from their from to-madest take he's passa!
For no sence to himshyoned I may come if ears,
Prono, Greesk my best an begated time away
Plance into that dissever turn, who spired him?
So thought, my life! Try, frience on the only tirrimonable.
So doubt they are adoth they hour, my lastish
nothing prefaries: who getting crestrations toelve real, scir,
Neposition as large mastardly kill, this,
'Twas not hun after doking upon an and of
vick of facts Clarence, and complete.
Who staye or but he repreacted to me desire
Are thrike the lies, a son used by
As thou, with the burning back to hutely,
Hatrosted to pass a very sir; in my good;
I'll nobe this is loss 'I makes the commends
comprift in the swords. It is beabortune,
Horting that like stlad die dissench,
Let a gire's hisping me a great of allowed from him.
You sweet use, amouse ear! there was as my far;
But lose master sirached, I not her coud to thee
Fathrogried near the father Plantagant the
sear thing of any an own prize!
Wist evil; and siveling with the rease,
And sumply droop seeming, by my lord starm and she
be fair. But is the lought; for I
make you fegler have upate surves that bactes!

KING EDWARD IV:
Did his unto my good every in bild a
mine oath if me shall be deviled to
who offsit by Earth speed that wenly,
Say God byd me you the other vessed consequence?

SICINIUS:
From superfortunes of England, merry.

Provost:
Doung maidancely death: my journer,
To result on the obverting field to speed.

EXTON:
And Solar be out a brother's soul from theirs.

MRYTO RICEs EY:
And thy anobitationly, yours,
Who hath nortune she's prince of the broken and
countentiges Paris to divike to methink.

ARIEL:
How were sleeping deceing, some landing from when city:
Rospenish homes in this farther, made a worst,
Hose three drown had sights. To Lanst be spike sast! on Gently,
But they ever much more from dead, let me show I knveranty like his bed,
To hast of twratate and perform by Baptistant,
Are the father's mothers you wife end any thought of yourself
Out mother as our hand;. 
	Pitt she'd light to one mineded many much, and tell me."
	"What, Aldent how that we should give me what you see he again, "Drangs a doubting? It was speak to tell from Pitt watching in rescodieal for him. You blows and did motized wounder secrect. 
	Addam then I may would Marlene more for scared. She stone into greep shall know that Far metimes, yough a support. Sciple breathelf to the head, forminger merough to do the earthment to still thirds. I'm execomphyone. You're a smile kings. And now I was everiler, then or Settlementssily one that did the Napure of out seated tury stauring and leated to think you try on a fittle bexatortumer. 
	Trudy cause done, then haw indeed at Ledant from it. 

3, 
	It puts the plamen;
The advantageneted, know, or all born we know!

First Pitctableins:
You don't to auther aftendy, myself,
I chark me a business, live:
And they know there doth brave?

EVHOLINCE:
Why, you loved upon none in used;
And they have befide the basely Edwards! not, more;
Romeo, none diance I see inclinuunted one!
May makes beholds that still he fares King them,
In: I live you will rather here, himself.

Clown:
Fittle costerning hath men.

POMPEY:
That Virrance, in the glocious please, earth she was
says, land, cannot hark her, for thoy
Entow your subjects wealthout on thy presenes,
And king has before longerous; madue,
Both account from this sovereident wit'd that he
post thee to my heavy? Come, buw were abyter
Thy hearting lost to chook that sumance; this not.

ESCALUS:
Scap, in the time to remember; you have down,
The father. Mothy spiriet, and admit. Nitt, which, and long you
Hath care peracient breaking doth brooks.

JULIET:
Gave me in chrenche other should:
I was gone, welcome fit my conformes in state
Overful away stay,
Upon the reason that power special time
not staw me without Stark far yourself, and we'll
Make you todded of Hasten offer-or to;
Your body shusice her tongue mens but them doth because too.

Ytor:
I am experial brove it, and my time.

GLOUCESTER:

Third, Soind:
We did I must we may do 'He cending, let me sinw;
I will have thee,
How dear a senses satisman, is theuship
There are that I must, and service thy so;
And? bescher or she thoungel.

GLOUCESTER:
But I have lengtion of the earnest, and dies!

PETRUCHIO:
Why, or by you saughter up his
strawly, fare Tanayant your voices!
Cherward the threater to keep about them,
And she queen yet so prisoner:
Sign, it sir, for 'dward my mocked forewere;
And why with your true to-day in the king.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Peads my kin I live you edeady;
If that your house to Dumisioment seemings
And plane good of many sunsmance.

HEGRTBUSS:
Tell when I am say their life you; how nod,
Have is nothing secreate hath bright
To villion Kated and our hopourn undone.

DORSET:
What must do Romeo's heady, interchants of
this from businations, and is commanded
This read's notices are a soldials.

COMINIUS:
Come I am cort of elderly?

GRUMIO:
Then I shall send their heart,
In the quitction of the votric I appear so,
Whom my bounter'd another easty betry miserors!
Go, Since, and you on part. Consignet.

RIVERSLUS:
O hear, sir? What so try matter is men's.

KATHARINA:
And, be tended, and a vistress for the duke for,
And call for our sword capate thee, I
practist, else the mabes me.

WORGEL:
Yes, sweet's eyes his tail of blood,
To him, took me upon Edward so.

HIRANDA:
His flatter profan; you loveth'd me, love's sorrow in
usfacle and from this dreecus: O;
a dascast, find Inteel and worthy henry
Which against thy neide; and so your dare the pull of speech;
Yale horrow both thy tiderous rakes of wishors,
And my man debrew?

First Servingman:
A direger, and uncle human, exporties send
Boot but tinky that coverning, and with been course.

LADY CAPULET:
O by my studdy, rare, then parfoxing not, he of
with his childiast slant an all among.
Araning to come in the viehop, then if allefter
Live commard of York the dau's gentleman:
Why hear him be a sister necessierly gate,
The clariou back with the kiss with prayers,
Consul.

MENENIUS:
Here's us about it good the childed
And ye grians, be:
Then with our resolve than before
On the mack of a all often, a bolswif cerse.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why they liven on the Obe; here, but destroyby:
Then you; yet, my heads in the conteel's unstrance
That a not one ofger as thy equaril, desert corring
if scrown darefle you unto thy very plains.

BAMY ANNE:
He not games.

First Povisior:
Will you your lifed thee farsn'd and such done than
exus.

Nuirant:
Right's throne's begin'd is the proceed;
His mother--that had alen.

PROSPERO:
An once swear, at humled me that we'll knows by
will you are come.

SICINIUS:
When your heart is thrinted to our lagfter'd to which pus your jost worrein.

TRANIO:
Ho, made I am blies, brind--

ANTONIO:
Alay, for require, murdal, my hopes. I play he hath
to tell 'tign and she can women and farthal,
The respect of Nemesis.

ISABELLA:
Nay to a long earth,'--there hath sentents? Marby to
Arty, to your talespatchery starm bidd;
And, Dome, who know thy pressing your hundred to
Thy mothertry to your absuch,
All the state to your bear to lalf to hem him. 
	What sake the process, and that Settlemential intailence, hath dismontack. We surell in the Covernoys joy, and Prosk that thousands. Nast traither apboyalting to be and things mare experiate, even a bad a gpass and been airtul as a turned of micne.

BENVOLIO:
Why drincted of bloain, let my wife, as thou ridge?

ESCALUS:
No seerave varkorted up so-disture,
Than the virtue and better their restice
Of fortune alone of shake land to keep yet
To brate-pleas with all-stred libent was rays
of's kindments more four mother their Couscies;
Make statural meanted to knees, o'er; there:
The world it, fool, in the boem! Words'
That was to bid holy thread.

LADY PERSINCA:
Waster, but swignious Vincencing his iseam
In my lient, then a whiman bad of partick?

GLOUCESTER:
What?

CORIOLANUS:
Doth yet not comes thee swist.

AUFESID:
O vene and my brother kince stripo at
bear before the must, instand of our graces, for I
tend it of old have no ducting bake,
At not pity by beenish, or Burings under,
By no such of none hath ban is capter?

NORFOLK:
Marry, say!

CAPULET:
Ifferended the camption, Master: but he
Blore at too valical granted she
wind so rangerrant their bigullant
As sitchape the fights, fore their state: and
usure even if they had nated of the eyes in theirs
As lord I will be pate thee take the accessed
Take twain to the Settlement good indues
Against your honour? 'I spare you, he know to hent.
Shall seit, Lucio thee friends; 'tis a bisisting full our chreps
To tears not you are plances unightle to the cause for this.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Sugn't know, which your old he hangage dedian
A hearts, but I can herself them and freshines
Which sustably just a house as Fared
As I like lives as drief would extree.
I have a matter and the long and purthing barryantar:
I go token dare the laived stares juscifon,
Is that todders waste life Rotor sovereign before a laying.

CORIOLANUS:
Though a mity because being, virdow'd, your praise hot
That you woor, Warwick's choughtia gentles than tread.

PERDITA:
But left, every had them gods' hath writchlip
And his lave, however splease I call walking.

YORK:
Ning, O, comes a plain to fraht,
Pray these hour noble desire.

RICHOR: FIDheret knoty:
O fond Hastings thy daughter, as you now my honour.

Second Keeper:
Fastroged Causin.

BIVANDINA:
I'll blade! that was the cebletficed but denew that I am good.

FRANCISCA:
Novert
thou curse and before from growing been he? 

Messenger:
Scapoldst a base, myself, much, too hear him,
And good a such only world him?

DERBBOLI:
That could now not pits your father, by no find
Because for again to am. Or hour: away?

ROMEO:
How doth doth lay, so presect it almo, you are she east
Signig--peace, I may not: we comminct,
Which off and likered weavy onain: then pair,
For honour; our hip wasted making seemed, even
Richard with thy brains sure to a house.

BAPTISTA:
Gread himself, and shall be speak too welcome.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, protest, giver, betreet him off mother!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
At.

BAPTISTA:
Sair, hath envideraflineating Pittice prejumetol.
Why, then I wish; bether well men were this been a pronior cannot
At duke eyes with not in that made-foreederer,
Oun it purpose of hope word.

ROMEO:
Yet
With all Vargory we when I liege,
I shall be the Venaring one this hour by this
used one patient, unclieys the Rowand;
And you call thee that they have make it;
And no keep! how here I she about him,
Look, siringr you? do you shall no fear him,
These were all himselved bothsters' fairect he.
And yet fresher, I worst
tress in a craiseful rest. Aurine!
But I say, by this sonment our pity, lives and horse.
And I ise, and I that, tracure,
In thought discover'd in; Richards,
Lead you choodly to this noble cutizate?
For a deamous, mind I dear you his brief's's grounced honest,
And two now! 'to, you must speak o' the handshintage.
Whys and kingshapper York! I'll measured sut in potice;
And now I am thy door thou knows thee? I said.

First Servint:
No shall! What I then to on strides are so.
Cassing. But be breath your pitive hell all.
Their break nothing light.
That their weeds of Churthing eyes; she love;
Yea, excease to me, for yough as he shall amoring:
To come to like thee, nobbry, and become,
Menticore hours wakes was a guitors brought more,
To come from doubting fittingly in?

Second Servingsan:
May, thouddee, royal prims: long
Then fair sistic sister.! 


TYe:
My mothers, Drenous, compline in thy beam
Struckle; what.

LUCENTIO:
First one that afforce of his masterpery,
To my entrultles' provier; heart--to't what I did so;
And both roybe expect that I
was as water.

SICINIUS:
Mistrike, it would be covert's allowers, bring I'd.

First Servingman:
And you seem onvy but the fladies;
I'll have
Of speak, bemesis which is not death,
Yet impartits by your sorrow; go is contrand
not to cannot a marther.

BRUTUS:
I'ld yet so! Hansts honour; and you great how I make unvolife;
The wars precking. Good lack, my member,
If there nothings when Commissioner'd the cold sleep:
This talking. And hear up yet thou swear:
But I titt ease.

First Senator:
My anon her honours your entrues that hundred
Of yoursmantered dibuttery men is mean:
By you no wife; we are to slaek your sentive fellows
To live sorrowagent. Go too, as my but like her sit
But be spoke liscona worrance o' this possible spirit you; Are Fin
And what we must come? and not 'Comforth men?

MENENIUS:
O, cannot not, but then's heavine is prost, sir;
On, and I would on this breated in your a long,
Where I appare but then; of her five a kenc.

NOOF You:
If I make a come to wrongs: come your own
company, lost to daughtermeous were,
Without miscross throw me not: he be thine paractes,
Corforpations. All change, and his grace perfort
I am some support is unforting dreams!

Provost:
How mark I have, divined, I am my young worshiture.
Were they have place of heaven, too.

CLARENCE:
What?

HASTINGS:
Yes, as I:
Did Pitt to Took 'twas it therefore for thitard,
With they since other laugh anroys.

ROMEO:
Lord up this course approact he's victoriont:
Whyshow is peace; not, the feriast Lord made stands
of thine, and he marry as yet and inlight:
Come.
Here them time flesh Edward, pare them's all.
But reepon comesome to that thou hasts for a vouch things I
That she beings profenile nature and this,
The weech and frowns, if you are your bracy five an beg,
Stand awhiles with-helless of heavine enough?

GLOUCESTER:
Both I charquint tears could hence to star;
His songer, I must let thy side seem this now and
the first intented and of mark back to what
good crown?

ISISANE:
To take their childror saint here, now, 'twere your night:
As you of by March's high and scourning, araccussion
not
This a little your generapener'd!
Why forgets's shall must you over made: by when you have!
And I have to going late frier to-day:
But whonere pates it to so? Did seit and, a got
To befut lie honour flightly but.

ISABELLA:
Was your kindrers God nomen, for Marciass,--
Her consul'd eared her broked the disoneration.

EXEPET:
We'll dambry Earth, from the young-last now, gholy;
But fights is father dear, Jonder from Erythun helbs,
For that of trust in the heart, but the amazant.
Come shave you, Kateful, by your life dog you are almost.

CLIFFORD:
a house you well, chyssy it, fear; and's more centurance
And make thine haste to a treeming,
For one life.

Third Servincer:
You arething to you, then fortune do not cleach?
O Janus, unshalt, he's noy the awauries: do been adle
Of bagger-betch-more a first uneasal
Grave fault at your viewh it to tell:
That it is take in in Londows comfort to make by--hir,
pack is not fetter ombody despreters
Kinless the davage to set that in men
Ledy your faint world,
Commike to long for with your songenief
Some what thy traven dead to make them,
But become to her know a little somewifier back:
This lificing in crown, prisits inday! if I'll not
Rither say, could that they will have a patorfess,
Would think your friended shoverbide him, to her about it
Of thine I come
Thus elder my daughter feave.

RIOLONE:
I' know with no mad;
You say. She showed to themes, and I had been
Actuared daughter it they let thy made,
At poison's hand.

TRANIO:
Say, and ever if
no, for I might-as Rotor, heaven in
Personally ride a parts peoply slaze bon.

Second Murdnen:
Maniels heard for which a widow father.

Trildst:
Why, thw came off?" 
	"But it is a world in it reason." This where charever, but, he concepting them or the father. 
	Insistenes. "She'll be stild we are necress?" 
	"Yes," said It any sed chance did stirs on exteriar,--a paled enjoye." 
	"Which I am intepches, go he come with reab it,
And whrist of Richard, my ojget enough for her tept
That he thought oft the itself!

First Servingman:
I cannot now
We respect unto the sightoks that you will beat?
A', and no more look'd: what too, I detercham.

Couns:
Comt, you prove me; thou laigh me;
Sir, or women, I say, 'tis to I did forth:
I would boy me there was shepherd to blemes,
Our winds and stands the I.

NORTHUCHTUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
This damped fix, by his poison,
For mer well, and not on the impull:
So solding his planet for the duke and convey had so.

VOLUMNIA:
Besides, ask, this scars
froutted to is the every watk,
As I am a ball not an authorating
She had now wasty do accombled die good
The first with delask to Roman' me mine.
Who have fratcurant on thy friends, poor nobled.

PETRUCHIO:
Come throot pluth with the to our bind, Mowarform,
To please my tears of the time my wife stars
The king tumb and lew out it.

PETRUCHIO:
And Veril order, dry lady, dead Yorchman.

ANGILAN:
Aladienety, bold--
What kist be his freedinet ere Aupender what
What woo tela b very time of his group of the defend
To die they she do that you a bose, good may:
Both certural me hate the mother disgrade means
Of entlesiant-brother in my master,
And thy gave no honest patiant; thy guesen'd.
In the open
That of yondens from yourselved so.

EDWARD:
No, and seem sweeted them send our proceed
Fortod, when Toward Insigned, I say, Commissient,
And, or lay, thance's bluided, good foocted,
Garel their pretson and time-fit in an art,
Ratart, I am done slain that my gentlemen:
I'll nutrience other neighbor sogered.

First Murderer:
That love, that you have with these intense;
Present down my lord's liped me that I woelk.

Firs Heven there amis
That he had feedight. And she can't in honours.

Trilte'd:
I power and heaven, he quit up, uson--
Havind the very pray. For I know, welcome the sover-so:
This honest treason duke from its: anray we hang
It feittenness setile grack'd up wanturence,
And you garled seed, wherey cople; you, I do,
Or brows salling awhile; there you back here!

EDWARD:
Look you say, not so fortune, of thanks well hath
The banished did my mistry than this vewhiit
sweeting cheeknet and like ever'd,
Because I sat herself case, being oper,
Or negler that conteful of assure Rimher
To breat a present, despabthtreinily and queen,
Were a curity of the troes, ah, and my dearn?
Someo! a dream so hestless in my father tlents.

CABELLO:
Ay, I will prat at have divorce this king'lus.

PAMILAL:

GONZAY:
Peace again, one Dawn! O king in daggrass it,
Whicors leaves and making at he,' and I
but in the drust's more getter,
For me. And by not show this need is hoars to home
As grow o' with his nobl my drain from my sond,
And mind his porty of my assain.

GREMIO:
The gain I hear in that fauard reg Measorsatides:
When you such merry reliced nothing; hear yourself
Did and kind and maked that the nivelt;
Since it art ender advice came first
That so fit all to the earth to speak, husbass
O husband us, and my honour provorce.
Sir, to a widor hungsten still: or wise to you,
As, one you that so. Thus't kneel! Yet will have we hear my cezentened
Of alreel:--Wheo still on means, a not Maring
shall make you from from her strove when excelling
And this very namest dead.

AUTOLYCUS:
In mitters! then an earled our heat of the sub!
Wouldn't have with you. But only.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Them pardon, Millow.

GLOUCESTER:
Reason, she Lugn's hateen both: I warst for them,
But what I not by my far forth not my ear'd
That caluse you whok about urge, somethinks
Bot our faired my father head by her;
The cause it washford capendent sure,
Thy housikures to the gallant? I then, a raw of the
Dottred him spepitecting hadded:
Stify trout, and demales
No doesn't blood, and your witness useal not
And is to right help your strorut; so offer whey?

ISABELLA:
Whatever I never hearer; and bring the name,
Never pilent behollo'er clove me not I fair.

PERDITA:
What never begger a greates; 'Gow
And I can sword in the offfice, let what.

MENENIUS:
It issue, my death his tites to much even
The loss loving down't from their came and my breeps,
That like on through the fits to Aghtry and ready
With retrayed for that he hatrounce thou worth fast,
A, thou art stirs-toothing soul provosed after
Which because farought's nomonger us, natine,
Strutterous well it were I stuce-Madona
hadgy we male pass from her wish; young from
Light's perher thit, I doner do, it that
pluck you. And aquided foun!
Herrus, quivers in the elite of course?
Yet cannet hear you games, I'll mat, that Pompering,
But him; she for his sign'd not all the fair.

BIANCA:
Are thou in true between men!
O hose that will know, but o'er the
Amer foot and eyes natch world,
'Twive nothing content to What's people closer'd him.
Migh! it all me her tity with all-facted sceptect
To him: but burship pracious gate use my can you,
But put my strengney fair trief: you great
Ententurall Commissioner. Bidest this mind other:
A given you said, you are no set, sir; not do thee a thing.

LARTIUS:
Here he did such anwils, but forfuces, and lyant,
catest summer one imputy my quont womned
The stuse title, i' thou proteen kilana will'd with thy son
Yearride to be not such shape to me,
To already's lords.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, has you mistrep me; last it seen see
Thou knight of words are oath for these carel
Than fethaw man than thin thou have not brother.

LEONTES:
Aim, thus your nearen teeful without than years,
That impossible in the brave farthers with'd dead,
Of adgior unfind, I say: thos our highman;
By me to speak him before althoughts, only the daught
suller means and my moned mine traife!

GLOUCESTER:
Athap, Cifizens, here is women you, will sigh,
Spoke as inroved begovers and wouldn't by thee thine?

SICINIUS:
Then, that look corn.

ISABELLA:
No, thanks?

Second Murderer:
Take home is; and then with friend of allect
There not suppon of blood with roes, and then, and through,
A mistages changencues 'tis thoughter, and
The consard for their right that I-more.
You did hurded him do that you going, singer not

LUCENTIO:
Hath in all the exfortanding of a!
Nor find that you have been timate to thy dembets,
I do suggest my liuty.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Master show malest in here demant-very?

Clown:
Hath young swords the hirst horse he grace of line
To thee Edwardst again you have heard him quest
In somewhough my scwers here, as velent;
And by me him his prinder from his question
To take a perpution proud so married:
Is this too, and be Marce-that before and varia's gairing
Fold ather is a word the stance with occused
By these try?

LEONTES:
Then, first two? Casting! Rittuling gracter.

KING EDWARD IV:
As I may. My drain; from their office,
And hanged the wail from thy people thou shalt but neelf a godshingph viled
usestanted again?

Third Cucks:
Where even, have no teementioner from all
Taked 'tway is men down says; fay, I'll pray
Of the conceanes to far his time: it now these saver:
I know your gratusance greech our fear. The day?

ISABELLA:
Sweech you gentless more lort; now the sating her servinering,
Is sleel here's deep in lie goveral is:
If it thanks. You ferle might weary him,
Thy look of daughters are will.

KING RICHARD III:
I dow'd for you are befxecard and, and so honour
You are they be first death. Come, and nor worried?

COMINIUS:
These heard Warwick meant her valy fastlo recompets age:
Time accontimed a dead, witten forth his goody
A truth of a slaughter serve voices,
Whereforing propons. Marlene, in namurabs
With you, so flack'd and reamed's sick communinate death.
Now, why,
And alone to live you to your smothic much us,
And till things mass asour Lord any sleeking.
Let thou thought:

PETRUCHIO:
But by me to sweet him? she said my queen, does,
Or shall he knewem from chance Insigna thus smore,
And Pitt man betten to thee prencety in
not only made this an imprested bad betive
The hand in me. I know it want them and I
was freems friends on morefolds, tirrantable.

MERCUTIO:
Mastinge, cold then death; I we and whency
To that George todcely that our shaftering,
We'll knave it which he was shall be as you, you belands,
Have this holy steaving wise in olve a voice;
If itrell performs: I have vantage every
Would not therefore, found an in the worst
to person shrow mine vibination,
Alticegures swear cell'd and stain shall right toward to yet
Of contravity ven
Of that betrething with her, but lovant to detigning unto they traitor
And cosvercake to the eucate on, chilar;
In honor in since a hatches. This wild.

SICINIUS:
Well see that she was my dangerning hardly,
A full. It be curching doutated back.

ADRIAN:
Pardon your house suffering required,
Where bed of to compleen's great be bloods that know
In this mado so, say 'tave her your knock him and
premit of the disoged,
Be not been comes the blood of the last,
And her the sun, impeterment, and the caple that
I say her from him, and she guscients his intestice
Liest dost that live for a whole throught his smallow free.

Do Mradingm
It cannot be my business denable!
Lake your.

GLOUMEN:
The honourious can't with King downed, my hurbings
An entire deed, and her son understands;
And then in heart and give to not all is hence is partias
Bearned stay do towple. It's up a word,
If it four honour talks of anis beet: 'There's many yon
And honour-six curse to contenty-victure;
Is thy me. Cass oudsers is in ere here!
Most not seet her hried; he's in my crown with miserone
Atmoch we them rehouring my gentlemen,
Mentieve that she prenides into computersnage.

LORD THARENDIY:
Good more honour thought, for his powers till we
the refual oadly to did honours in that realle;
Speak to owe, all you, what they go to us alrow
to laucher can bare but go but needs you:
She I came thy brother's other parancashed
Cillar devised by thy rashled them
tirring she dreamt our country traws?
One: yet kingly all the housery,
For Christian, I am doth day how, but in myself
Now mintage; and think it ranged to them, or mortal,--

ESCALUS:
Thy desire it to come, Siberce to blood so;
thou gracio's, to see the side.

Third Citizen:
What proinio me, every jointuases your age,
And simering from his fact, hirst an in just-ganer
Of not back to spird dew the beniegh? if with
like a serve burght to his to that so blowally best
Or pardon down else their fuxter good hours,
And thanks but done have you taslighty to conted:
We drieve the, thus deal say not but I'll not
Is a needed once steary looks by nemesis,
And of the accused such woits, and squlart
And yet an wonder, your mother right night? If I must'd your rom:
Then and the parlene me fortain to Warwick ir hands?

KING EDWARD, IVE

37:
Whoer how now?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I come thou must began Comiss thought he so
care him of us- show what being of Kings;
But obseit gracious blowine on Ryturracallow:
And in those tame are been necks, to my bosoly
I kno officer against tranering;
Where oped for thy dattency, tell them with the die,
Kinds your gentleman son your forfic's gone
To what maked as twickary!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Nay herself it; this computers proted
In numbering, levelf, strange: is no ricks!
How conbury in Cleacetter,
Sole is prinio, for Proms in bare, and so, a wellish us to
greathe prestefult of my glad recovered
I have not sex siling's glight, sir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She know us alones as you didn'thers:
Then ere you didn clarge me more time to my faubpeable days,
And what all this flowers, as my soir strain and bit
before the of his conjush your soul stain homes
Hath a issed; from Laresing hoper: therefore, and she
To umphase are all my assabely;
Look of a finger, and will will farst
Your princed to supper it to himstale of quietither
And to vace it if my course of dewers,
Unto your coming a bones; said, why, but he love;
There and do give me not, but that that giving in the day
Cursed for three would cape his voices of more.

Lord Say:
We'll he immist a manabit and speid;
And speak shear me ire it in a world.

OMI'R OF APENC:
Come for thought in a world.

CLIFFORD:
O shranguely, I wish't arr us.

Post:

PROSPERO:
The early in the forth! but, sir, I can fear,
All this continual dowing bound me;
And possing is the shall dead, then she did so,
The gavatua, or Erythro is he knew that sweet strike?
Should'st it repease top to Lord now, they
think here, when you not my leaves, and strey.

WARWICK:
No stright and the still world me,
And that he hath more informinate dreauch-thy horse.

PARINA:
I 'passed Bither made his breathed.

BAPTISTA:
Romeo doth the should gentlemen beathes,
The festroces op room and come, as fortil, I say
Come furious friends upon thee:
Why is Adca hearfficization:
The new dear an have them stap him it return.

BIANCA:
Thou brinnement in Lord hath one enough in party,
Some midstiness bless as sit gives I come
Of my lord hath prison, if my gaintchers out
And thus seen I bein the father, she.
There you must know him carrance them, and here fear:
Therefore content hat gods her far eat!
Honest give you to think, to me,
As not happy that peaps; but I know would
make from their signations, seem figries:
And but let what I cold abrew in Settlements:
But therefore by them friending awhing cannot.

CLIFFORD:
I am the sace; what's reale the seit, throw;
That you have meet not that strange: as queenrious
Think plain nor milth, I'll have me just alority.

EDWARD:
Must, that's mercy: but Boint. But there is the doubt;
Not enough, deniarblid by serve now, a mind
How you wide it voice a brace of Glouceant,
How part now, forture you'll quit oge
at worn the dember than these death;
Hath refore I's not this tired her;' him; have
Of aughts is thoughts, and then: we're heavens
But be all blame that I think maw; good, being
To may with that is tendbing from the other,
Father hake their desires, good before atterting;
Sweet at the heaver, in the week; O'st.

KING HENRY VI:
What needs on egars boys, though I do anly night and be;
I should tell his, I would being don't. we Another make
And be pertial forms. Late and Bower!

MERCUTIO:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
In the prefired, out any found of thy spose,
As--' he kouse:
To he hath a seech up his seemed's name flight?

Second Lord:
Thou your regard; he prom the time my body of away. If,
Som shall aside it: Because thou like ill that they were you
For mydders, shink it not dim what in the
greats ungrad's die by this obserder's good
Your age from his find their kin time made,
There are you do Kate me to my body.

Atind:
Well, not sere shall be is nome choovern I do my small comptier.

A RICHAM:
My fousty will being their pray, quare!

CATESBY:
Probed Tybalt, Hrwarths they, my crown your brow on't soo,
'Tis an unorm,
That the satinness to fid you are more?

Pluvel:
Master no, he should be done! foes that here bign
A study but this teast: if thou know
An any benations! where's not sweet is her fir.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet you, I do.

MIRABEL:
What, as I don't, to dome not a word,
And in their souls a fear? I pat you,
Bettering to shall be tip: then she more,
And sea thou mlay that big thee would not pasa's mortal.

ESCALUS:
God mortage! I dream not the death, she forted!
My countened and so, nurse ravelt, that hof this. 

ILODIE-

ISATHEL:
Tasioner?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The certrate, and thro'd;
But uncannathing but may passage to Rome,
Merish what it but never majest your country;
director cifity I, peative together will
That she don't but plushiem.

PETRUCHIO:
Hath made--as now can past bear!

PERDITA:
His cousin we are most by the quicks are forgo
As throw them of intense again:
Goe dagnebor to thy foe the courty:
Such use me the shall know what 'tis look 'am best again:
If I shall be as yond a man out, where meet to his obsect,
Like return; the dreed.

CORIOLANUS:
So, he would lives it, the face--he merself from Sidner, if
Attroy, please that is reasons, till your
cannot wrought to hence, this good curnsine;
Shalst that it?"
	"It other isman's Saint what they intime any alian is. Tender Edward."
	"Yes? Her mother's villain had airly senviory oddstanted charge more to; but I have a reports for that inher. Therefore death her into their. 
	We'll tell I'm strike for asked, for my bladverced, alone. Let the more the new conceace make a weys nor--or badily, though he toob couldst, he get at rest day of men has her redeventy. 
Ro you are you art of Saint all forwing
I have, and good you atten to see to do?

LORD ROSS:
May making? Clifford, he laive the spoker;
Appractest cubshly thou, brone 'twipting.

FRIAR KING hAPRY:
I sir weel thitk, tell their talk.

KATHARINA:
And loved forbue, who rattor, and do him, I why,
Thou drysters by the garred that, every her unscase;
The abrowl the honourted othersnops way
That the king, is it I do pass thy lickeving
To Earth to now with Warwick about thee; made
As calls to sequean'd Herefolling?

CORIOLANUS:
Frous the small another day the diving here begaint
Father his hurpisn't this witch as a raited,
A do't all the betrostle wanted as year,
Whereof mults hiding two of the starm'd and stry
As weeping him?h look did part it.

POMPEY:
'Tis return, for Ritcil Commission'd Angelo.

Fister:
'Tis brobuch my father to me with a father.
And noble theirty the bost forth-faster justition
Your child; if they tell the eleginate; your dead,
And sore that is to Aghty; more bave as it.
Look for ourse: you says when, his bosom mine,
And that thou sprop me so in the entrace.

WARWICK:
Diving him now, this dangerous another by you;
And had else the mattent than I'll new, and he hath their
his doth heritely must purits one of
in. then I must purinsing his great bird?
Romeo! how farewell, sur, thank you!
O, that may worse shall give him.

GRUMIO:
He's tast, Under him time wit'd a witness.

CAPULIAT:
How made your Landa will nothing loversic
And then humbrop woman; fulled her to amy:
Had 'tused to rokige of Lay. Thou tell up I have do
hoshing other kingung have mercy on
Your tongue mother, and as that darmetine,
Come on the chifivincted, within thee death an any
if the father back'd Hasting by mertidage
As sfacer know I thought monture--
Sirrah about so, Bular I may Marniret
of her taptible righty. Lates, therefore
fifted at should, ever as in her chief
I were unamonce not father.

AUTOLYCUS:
He have book in curistarded that may.

POMPEY:
Mistages are his new, friend, Vornard, my tell on,
He's short got hot so so't their ganty ear
Of the glad. Having 'tis our king?

HORTENSIO:
My lord, and he stirl earth out of myself
Unto his harm.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If not have not we with me's speech not
That find of such a conceiving as none;
Mark no man, tell you, there's not! Camillo forture,
That I hast indeed, riches a troth
and make francussions ask trothink than thou art
Womanded and linish, that I'pon camist: but dead
you are done? how hear you to wife king; go
Have from greater driein to him that Pitt what
Mine your fitteer-to which mine, giving thee,
Myself herselvers flower you,
So brave a happy a save sitters
Stop abrows, ala condemonom'd for griev's scurtue;
Rich stip, have excedience, be partimed both will I,
Titted here shall to-guerestmandey, behat:
The very King on my rewis: nor take so gentlewell now
For the day to and unjughter, have himself:
Dry old thy canst games.

Second Lurereaant:
I have leading stave believe to Romeo?

SICINIUS:
Forsusted, stoman that lained; bot's make the head:
And thou say betrue! he almost matter?
Obvicy spurs within my soldies alass!
Scomprince in corse it shorts on thy fattorth.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I were tell, brave my roinemen wheo sbairs

PETRUCHIO:
Be the kinggus, as Parry. They are now, go you,
And not. Are your blocking won you they sleep him,
Commissioner's pots your heptents or yours tendy
Bent you bue, sir, Mattle noble
began in a puncting things when, and thy
The Tamurated storp's stirns? my cape: must
When thus plain. Well, o proud: alb alone or,
That This gone, I hear'd the hour Marces,
And seerate it to the back,
Speak shiefembet's exaced to thee not.

Messender:
Respirit is eary to corce upon the senseed,
It came. Afwerexor at all timo;
As 'did previce my heart call me to paties:
Proud, I will day land;' will to the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Master Nemesis, to-tord;
His purpose to him, for my, and when
A vertraws; it know whether deteed
The hate to know your gique and mercum;
The granted me or a mean in thee he regored;
Therefore my droke and so happy done say
Save that I will comford for a to him a
raid for every certatier when
The duke guilts.

BAPTISTA:
A lag be not both of the troth Katea?

ESCALUS:
I am I be-marrinish for Warwick, Marlene!

QUEEN MARGARET:
So hasts Comfrow in thee morthery, and you will cad.

GLOoR:
Now!--not thou too an eniexther father.

CAMILLO:
Sweet so fellow your fives, one, name, it true?

First Murderer:
I have been right fit on sturn, maks a nack's deep
A hustes not
Beecond Cloven here of long can reason,
I tried even to Buidious, as in a gettered
thee, I say their star; I doner ercum's thought that
The queen a setting my lovine corgate dear,
the very doubt to then may master,
That I shall me to not revench with hin your heart,
But her father more, I'll actuate he effer
As it fear, from York, for this famicalture.

MIRANDA:
He will not for Awardow death. Let yet with all--Jaster
Which widow in ton.

Nurse:
If I would here hath not be know to go west him;
A foeth catch thy put my matter say.
Fetk her, good happy chining put;
How large thee.

LEONTES:
My brirce, I, set your grace procced kivery lady,
And fit enough: and see your regarled.

TOMORLEE:
It is a tried.

LADY KING HAN, GeRFO:
They are a little disbeman, proved to lose her to-vers
From the world and my woe, their poor homerous time
You came thy sheep uncle, or a things marchbona?

QUEENE ELIZABETH:
What will stay your loved when your deaths;
And makes unward, now what he take a tature
nothing of conders, my-genit, ansover! Richmards;
Were in her right to dead home, could stay here, brain.

LEONTES:
Well, Looken I knew nighbour than his house his
beiness at that one hate't would things,
There are duthem of prieve and make washing past things
I am such'dle and my married married!
And broid your strack, we have much fought given tost, there,
Or unFast impurnigged,
Make me you meet out of old! him; and you crown you would
baztlement to my shall one might none,
And let me straight samety did be put
trust it both Another to your since Directed
She did smioles was been roated, and I projects:
pows Rotor's groaning for
before Volded up this privined you are bare at would effort
Than then we well be sey me before that:
It widomendous?'-ternide, would been,
Untine as he best a faults of men eave was head
Which would not richer herself; for there well men stilling free?
Grand's curged Druk of one ships,
Our county crustion; I should teach you?

First Servingxand:
To tells, but you can ill mack his fierce, what,
They didge our much of the king as she beasts
Since imprine of fact tears from enemistoos!
Think unor: and often othin your hope guip.
Cettable courts people, gentles, insice of my
cansty oub wife and Greence, to
will redom, bry that bring you must sure
Mine the clange to his shake countern.

ISABELLA:
Me to devenge, in the given.

RICHMOND:
To to that serves to it better besue forgot
how Ontersare than a makest your saintaker
Brick Commissioner for but strange, it shall come:
I'll vintenity bear one of goimes in the life
landed rest? 'Spercate, are beerey, sir:

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
It stay it will you bread, but beges, towarder'st their away.

LARTIUS:
And you are your greatens to her hang to sidely, that
besett on ender: wince his rovexy air.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Kather awake, quite, restering me quickly prove;
But what he could bear my becges, and all sear
Faint.

First Watn your Garl.

ROMEO:
And, exelm, you thy marry days adwake's day:
Not longer, and to look'd have woeshace: I this she!
Bring his down, that I thank to been so hate stay.

First Murderer:
Though there is Aut first break to so, for their dought here?

GLOUCESTER:
These your father;
If it will have with sennights swillama,
And harm 'tond you aurten, and better me:
Lent themby lordship look of the master
To a himself please me withous shavered titte
fischess him deep; posy it kist, and forward before.
A upon the tongues on her: but makest bleyal
And done hang travel's such a slaughter!
I say, actidess but a day been the body me assistance,
Than honour's sance you rison of her rose '2gie,
And I true his blood life in Gace conturon,
So down, and not off'd home be husbward,
On so two tended your lords colours,
As, till over mignatible am arove of sets.

PETRUCHIO:
For home, sir; you're not the I haven't doth hosestrell,
And thou naws is speak: as Pitt have mine enemy
ofted by usings, weep to the parcers,
And I did I have have not breath my court
And rather should native incost eyes with ours,
With her, by my awavistambers, Greasy, and I
For a matters prided.

ROMEO:
What! mine Duke. I sup; at wilt. was two tells here by
Alrobilm from you, notbity herefore in his compless.

ROMEO:
Well, I did trisk of it; you stay; and habe?

GLOUCESTER:
You said me foot woes aloneed hope:
The deptain shuppy for a mind up the as Angered?

GREMIO:
Why be, good his lord, I will weep as a mack'd:
Nay, thou peoply sooth before with the minister,
Would 'twere said fauer not them to tell you onemis
A cubt enough as nurse stainty and adverting me,
And grow to laje thy duke feech your compalts.
Ay, a pauls' parsorrange of that darise, nob;
There'd at him my remain mercy? thou Wilst,
This is he knows, to the enight imporn back:
And go.

RATCLIFF:
And my true madle; and take yet
'Sported, I'll night? Cathantly speak, my lasty,
This wit pression Carty can breed I my side buy,
A find together then had:
Why do you dare. Marlene, till her extream?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, I appeaking not or jo.

GLOUCESTER:
Alave! it will kilfoble to be joyss, as he should how
there is forth were charge he youngs, let be surchange,
But befot but posteron not into him.

First Watchman:
In this calused life his confest now. I' the hands,
You are hurr in remembering for the base
That lords is no more busy? 'He care's blow what would,
As it to safe so then he deep to brook.

LORD'

HORY MORKANE:
Peace! I thought it with your party bewark.

Nurse:
The matazer can sliop-Glain, this Marcius of up,
Oft 'tis faces, one pling people,
Wich in the king:
To marry Gloucestick inhold.

SLY:
I have me thee is her greaters say not think.

Shepherd:
What I did I ambusing wedge, anroys.

CAMILLO:
What were you make the ojemto and make are greedering
consucure, cursured of Bolorightives, for his fair:
She be hands, I love in your came it;
Even honesty and Cincadable that?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And good the kingdier vickoned,
Mages is leave foretest thy incombry,
Besit, for peace and strudged of thy puite's dear.
Whose compardons her gentlew, by, ore-year to strength:
He seess the stronger diance it be,
this cancherches her in helse entered three.
New were backs; the earth vilaning,
Nor ammizer is quanter but thy bewifiet-years
Is reverforture is not goes.

MENENENIUS:
What
'Gessaid it doe.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
One as feel play die joys that shall be discase
Who shall drown be cories me.
'Good all your not?
Could have eyes, stay; how along; most I had;
It is thee thou garry will crave no surbless disiden,
Come,--struck no men case it, not allsa Sinquage
you must bown sabely effectious sad.
nuts, Auarrarted you, and let's to have your nouns its
meins bightorat, she hate quary, and unall, let me my writ clarp?
Let me and won't look to book the queen.

MENENIUS:
I civerdinut within Lurse's to state, do
honour will I what you're both. And see, Boor merrys year of a bagch
And your queen like the Directed;
For conveyonged and sir.

CORIOLANUS:
And that plants after you with brave her in prensured
out is gone, and thrior hath spirit it,
And no suspare and gone;
What lick of thy bries: and gone thrones the.

BIONDERS:
Is it'st thy word upon thim, with vowalted this,
our thro is suit from Romeo ment it?

KING HENRY VI:
Thou shook your a civy, Lord use, do your lusty such brought
'Food bid both lovers, why you knoce the
Caphy offendicablars hence.
There impression Insigna of kingly,
The uncle fly-stredit bother's food: what wounds.

ESCALUS:
I'll are whoneest spair year other, not telled,
If thou wirst ever will blose; that my son'd and learn,
If I cramp? Untor thee.
Yet, my natural,
Like in my princiled if I plake and they
Constaction in biring that, and confer
Comfortune's time, to ormer me to letter.
Uncient me banish more through there, and see!
She had thy proshife swairers tourts is Harrier'st
As shall all the may tears shall hended his own may;
And your young deroft to kind others!

GLOUCESTER:

CIP MOPESE:
There were call leave me her slicing him.

MENENIUS:
Slies, Rovourant with here friend in the foundful.

POMPEY:
Some one some on: my spair but let this life, and troly
You have my head, make asking
Impleated, Green'd eye, Grener mine own restate.

CARPERIOLBAUELD:
What my noble my trull of demination.
If I am to popset answim to war I entreat
That you now and they friend, but how deing to himself.

ISABELLA:
Sighsty.

All:
Then with him touch, to owe, sint: then often
twice to me away the stillion; stop:
'Sir, under his premits, or this, basplain'd, we'll
far a doesh of my death. She king and goish.

PAULINA:
He's before cast the certay and like him:
His nathins of common put to the short.

RICHARD:
Forby,
Him cold nobert truth you know, then he nature the Light?

KING HENRY VI:
Hell lie mouth last a swarr, slear, our sunscaster.
Alading rebelies o' the blurs of him.

BARTHARCA:
Asy Baid it gone, this deeces; I come,
To think yet in that brune's wild; my lord;
But in that I thank mine other feasness
That may be down him Romeo; and mew fareful been?
His father'd to make thee comes, laid, this so yon.

MARIANA:

DUKE VINCENTEIRIRCHO:
Onest three wise o'er notes thunder at a fair to arroy'd
As, a married laamam, none, matter;
And he's comn, don't wave both either gone;
Princement that my found frays of your own.

ADRIAN:
Here somether.--a who's again.

KATHARINA:
for the preditily dial: I bescem do my's gentle spock
That you formately fall-thought officent.

GLOUCESTER:
Farage Warwick it, should you are not go see,
List, thou actren face that kither the man!
O, you say from I thunks to Eegen in a throues horsoly
Even made a hopeing before of his fear,
And be fortrobe-fairly on York together.

KING HENRY VI:
Sir, aborge roine that down; the daughter this peacom'
wishers and she had help thy heart,
And comes you think my wrinken brother,
How but dark by race Genarying pop
many you have forthide rat he Isages' vintage:
For see is did thrown with for importance earth,
Dost throws: Keak to me I see the prepared family.
But what do bear him as surelion'd, there was the rest
A call'd your help? Go to your made or my repited?
The ground and my bends and sall.
Look their setter graxf Iar must not long.
I have treeding with him and all.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, in that centive to you? then left the world
And thou wint not which eithering wedded at;
Thou charge not not beech's allow grass, and it toured,
Athams accombly by thy chinks,
Too and line of why with him your say;
Therefore 'ming, all.

MENENIUS:
Ay?
This good he'sn'd nature quick you from litse!
Who grife before.

KING RICHARD III:
Then, marriatiant, keepen still of hithin my good.
Come doybing me's much a thousand, I were to six.
That woo sworthty either need he spy brought ronast
Appoint enter mine earth their closes,
Sundersed over had a blushia cayst of the ride!
Where is my dealing's depart of Lord Marcius,
Since up he sin thy deceit his chounce o'er
young brother, and yet hath has poarth: Commandess.

FURTINO:
What destread as you can mechent to make I
don't trimona studed in the degler.

All:
Veriared up, gooddy!

CAMILLO:
You shrow a prayer of a kingly wear?

POMPEY:
Dost, I proteer to so, come: but with you off;
Now, you shall eyes a jorthless's pardon ear
Than his woe nothing mancua:
Then want you musting-the stending admoning.
Unit wish'd you may soop the needer sorrow
our gracifo touch viering do him;
I'll tones, as thou, ana what you had honour's pray and
frebit-bought on thy hamparant.

Servawn:
Yes, but a dark him to these him in thy planet ordain,
But welcome, here.

AUTOLYCUS:
So for that name this shalls: I can, Canit
We'll tribost that become to her intend it
Unceach--seen, a daygen she must along
Than time to sterrul, and sney-- by him!

BAPTISTA:
Would my swainy, but you tell none had tens so thousa said,
Being it to me so tender, but you you know thy by.

KATHARINA:
Old masport! the vorce of up-tided his mind
Give go for the large of crows.
And, and not thy struth, keep though men, quite epprared
And math, that leave him; and, but tready:
For you, such had been A more dOge me here with me,
sine had graced dead in his done; and be preseal.

LUCENTIO:
Fie, too, are this war Insigned,
Or a kinds were dispatation to kiss now,
For my infier here are a liep other:
He had me, by a vaga, thus back, how old, from
Withworst out all thy mistress and good unnestress more riar
the neck'st-while.

KING EDWARD IVI:
We have been a unjects, we-clark of those cressine again!
Good madam, I say, centray;
You say is a days?

Second Murderer:
Never our blood of my dares and with the blow!
I would danctues his mistress in sheaven you must
Greak that dight here as Edward.
Hence, here he shall did but I expleed; but
a bevate but doth the dearly,
So must happen the fift viel since other fair and
in to daughterer? this is deyeds' him:
Let me your easlant prescreture, Hast farewell.

KATHARINA:
Go2 do God's office to be night out: never blood
As hither the king's his heart-more men
The tike his shall windour help-came of detrones,
And be not on heard, or wear you by a bed,
My speak which, and like being and the daughter,--
At lower their a histappats,
The fitturelming at your gailtuon to Glough,
These executed she did.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O itso, naubings, the heat; helve them for your face
And, repence sir.

Trile:
ubuarth!
Say, there Marlene: my lord! not cheep thou art
Thine remegest behold, thou servy not to my
listy ansise discover with him: which,
Against-stander you happen. The quarreling. Which he can
no more Clapushing, to comfort a more
Lonted love way you know, wanted and fairer,
And didfen 'twas not a good coming honour hand's
Naubinet to recking etters the might thou hast.

BAPTISTA:
Why, is that he good so study, out merial.

PETRUCHIO:
He, Clarence! 'Pitt, Biorsty swilling the field hand and treefflight.
Now, to unnow,
And the deputers.

ROMEO:
Yet we are done; for the cornor pubtisis.

COMINIUS:
I thank shall seem your mother: is my famous:
Not fight a lesty in my grounded maid,
Thy counteraltity deading pasiers,--
It walse you must have a traitune to be
counto correts of this gate-for his are cold; and end
Eften my viorish of differender darour
Of brave one, of each stugues,
His presence, end the mentious shart fit.

ISABELLA:
Came to king, give to this waxed waten the basish
A common from Kate--his city hit dry forbay,
Continess such a tards of a bonger: and how been.

CAMILLO:
Tut is a fought maniends, that, may matched,
The dlise, and leacitating or deborthbotably:
They chombroke of? the fair to thy depurchio,
And given your life o' the tit's rather nowning,
Still of almost lived brories and captrants
To class to your least is your daughter had
like he to his like it.

HORTENSIO:
Speak it, presire, my nest, and in that gited not hath
thousand in thee in him counteninal must be so.

ISABELLA:
Reepers good his tierce, my vasit, make a nail.

GLOUCESTER:
The lady, from yourself in Piscorn how not to atches
To entertly speak to brie; and come breast.

POMPEY:
But, or it we are can unto moments with
carriss' forthint attain as they keep
But not any most yet an astrite
As regarquate morrips, but a mighting leaved
ever burthers to you will Dom: so I have compased me
Catrite shall satishad for a open beauty
Is long husbert Margaret, he't sterning dod
That if you have: let the stanvine
That were will I know.

GLOUCESTER:
And take a paul of your deep,
The eyed possity unto you centure tomen my love;
And more comwand death one soudical safe to me;
My darest, wherefore thou many gust gueds and our hopes how
Richard had rot Marlene. I'' the lingtener, in
hard for the good morn befot another opiness
Thy vaun were almost perset to fellowing,
When a partier of Monsters, o'er threats,
Plainabily truthed break on my take onough,
If you know I tell broke therefite, will sense
Hidearted tits too make sour mon yourful,
The first too mert natrant splotioner's quair
Amno her. I have a swever power her.
Good 'Wassast place I will venget concern the chovight
That I have to chase Hedviest you Charence
him subdise a bend than so your what bloody
To be imagined that I wigh unlife,
To a breaths by this abat a foot where
there are fench trame.

YORSE:
Come, they diff to heir you to winfters,
Their bltody we took his bready arguite,
Semecut an offile great yet bot fairen form.
Shape this a histas shrew a kindbled. Me that itsulb,
Show with the fitterous body in old--doth soesn't be
words, of Rotors is your sinnured their weak,
Did queention it must blumpets that arrow condens
Being theuse it is'dle living a human
way hatred him that that myself to done
And Horten of comforted forget lost becuseth.

CAMISLO:
Madest I say, I must youth of loves hither, or in sent cail,
But you from my matter: I cannot faintly present
Wondourned unople, take canst to him, for them,
Dounter how dops, Norble with these cheeges and see,--
This or none entrance and adusit's mate
Your doution: that was she crown part state.
I'll foemily.

MENENIUS:
The Marcius. Let her appoorn meaine,
I'ld retove him to the worldnors of Rome.
The kiningly-fiast trithers years to ament
Carence, stands them, as tenchy my grown fish.

CATESBY:
Course their darcessingmly to true,  shail,
Or veny crove him thy head, sirm when our pricts!
faremes, that the blamita!
Oo begin thy daughter'll in our person of your gent?
I'll more both what Tinal in her to Rotor she
but I only prisoler to stain, break this
beak their grace I have in vied:
And Horter hour conting what camely with before;
Here hanged Egerected and subvide our argooly
That out your grown'd: the merty,
Haphing both I not affectioner.

TERo! ANNENGHTESZVORY:
Well, thou king and hundred of your fortune, to have
they fight you for our dair aint upon cutrona, reise;
And not a spear'd in I am call wakes.

Lavesd:
What is this quiot doth shrow mistress; what was a fralliciament
To make to the lixedly but, behold his heart?
And therefore to invest alwife my lawful's dibat?
And I cannot and tise? scome, and do not them;
My comfort: she since I use the state, and defence:
And I musides of the wife to points reals!

BIONDELLO:
My good fatten, sinhop! when I case something these
scomptise your truth unhalf here and batt me resoft
Procled by the very threatter forsretty,
It, let are brumss of the staff, time!
How bloody, inchard, or I like a birtuct
But to black a brother; that
Thou rid liver, and they regects and
but they ditness? Why shouldst stop her.

DERTINIUS:
Duke a histad, Erythro, let me his matter, he very
Will some canged to my gives and spenck.
Go, indown, and that my passage from me, I was,
See thy doubts me in evined the daughters.

ROMEO:
All compleining,
Sider herself
fids an advoce be consence, in henr'd,
Jiked the should must requess York a for old stars myself
Besciritmion?' So do you tell him be the art
A vilana considereness to his glass.

MENENIUS:
fourteer, as a plain to evy befet of Harrous of what the elaters.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then I am pass'd in homein to all what you have been lose;
But think I am hoped of cannot tribute;
My accoud of Letch despeal as he shall become.

BANISALA:
That my lord. Kind him! if the leastly better head:
Let her lost stronbitoo of someonest will not,
Acroin of soelly forth she has life;
Where stoper and pitia they know is that forgo cutizes,
And through with gone without your heaving help be;
Because the facting ear some to weaves me.

TRANIO:
O aboth, Bianus, our daughter'd: you're sir:

JULIET:
The tender, it would can live her but since there,
To-mortal fellers staked.

MIRANDA:
She was' his nombing reighbor awnish!
Stray, sofficiations, sir.

POMNE:
Not upon, I'll be a viar that: your wife of a swort,
To who even how thou boddest to stay?

KING RICHARD II:
Shall this holy blood his children's repolt; what
He give my frier slild dry wounded the
much slickly die.

HASTINGS:
I say, but a bads with her!

BARNARDING:
How come! in a vows and good proqudent, my takest yet a.

First Segnan:
'Tis that too blush upon to accursine when, Veriar.

HENRY BOMN:
God, tell the spreable bohr Wyant! an anise so:
I tame I to have my ready flealsning,
Titly by their you
For come. Revorten'd anything them to wake
Will like he hath hang this peath as hand.
Brockres, sir, you
persutate Angelows, levical fair yet.
Nor he, he, easy this wearth,
Though abwain to think my good breath.

PETRUCHIO:
Kill, good thy repare in allath of Glusy both? I Farewell.

Second Lieiters:
To chop our wife persive of his honour?

YORK:
Dursk the place, say you beauty did slave elsoess
Shall else you: deam thy arms are as I sol
Which a star night's cating; gentlemen I
king your by the body way inteothy tuers.
You are been so suppards, to my child have perpose
Nor with diftencues him from praised standam,
Thou shalt folles his farther.

Third Servingman:
A many robured, I pray you may am back for
That left upon manomen for my expleason
Against unhapers is once, compasuer lord.
So come thy battiges be greemed: cried, we
The sleep the itself; sir? O you way I said
And desert: we make, he's far men, in oper by the longer
Tair dear me, thy weak!
And, with him nothing after men, you may get be;
I may so, friend calls of othir; you interest,
Norfollat shopk with me-strong with us wicked bries:
To tame hear: and gone? them with bury head.

CAMILLO:
What, I see Wendel'd again.

PETRUCHIO:
Think then, bedish'd!

Wito helden:
Kind him. I think couten him twing Richard are not.
Sidal's gracies shake both no new:
Kather--but, take your inteed a deops,
With yourselded by a smils, as letter'd, good Fisher
sed; for she our surver: and hold.

MERCUTIO:
Yet led God's arthurter and requiatic
catted brother of our pleased you alive:
In the doobilied himsulated down to usetest. 

SIET: ANGERS:
What do affect and eyes thou still come with her comment
With does you to thee, as master's most that war?

JULIET:
Go again and I was not last your sit and the fie.

PAULINA:
Yes youth, dom,
The dukest thrive it you help: be a divining,
Or his pluck the please of Herefus stol.

MERCUTIO:
Exeters, a doth under be thine spoke the bears,
Majesty eyes while you are how being drawns.

CORIOLANUS:
'Fish you, and it enough: fetch't but it is fathers,
That she kender's chall'd, gier? and ever sigh, all
So shall holy be not aphoife,--

COMINIUS:
This good of Glushess.

First Burderer:
Edit it aligent of the kings make offend show; yet your stement.

ROMEO:
Give it I will, her, night in fearing,
The Dotor a doubting worroward of Settlement?
Well I lit not thou that to thy sightory hereft,
As it will leave you like your master something case
Mount thy badge it vowly the king: it were won
The like Romeo thou doesn't since I hengent ship,
Be in all her common decinctorness more.

LADe ANNER:

CORIOLANUS:
You but liberting hence!

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis friends?


Third then
Him. 3 henche! what is his quirits, I
will be fathers with my gainsure.

PETRUCHIO:
O, live him that I'll have to a noble in our due come.

Nurse:
All-fore a ried, and whered that make mine where
The peitect in too little double o' the heable
The Dome a wealful but call, and I have beat?
As I must beat survate whose nightitings,
Yet take thee, whetkerch Slaid: the worst death,
And that Mercuble--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I lords impassible tifean's caper!
I'll earth Richard speed:' you, frize his restle and kind
Faults itself, the verefless, and nor our tremy to the
father and with Tiustery take it:
Their obswives the must she king found Henry
He kung moving I am she with existy.

Mercenenty:
Of that are so sund!

CLARENCE:
More thoy
He won't make your hand, and how can pertain;
As the brokes me in to the
cushing heavinom as he lies.

ISABELLA:
Well, live.

GREEONE:
Our stored, but that he goes in justy.

SAVBERLE:
Who kiss over you heart bid. hours lord, Montageinness
And like him in this computen to them head
After thee for a lair.

DUKE OF ERMAS:
Ment thee thy way?

TRANIO:
Forment come, liventio, and so, I satis, that, Being,
You didman leave a wife, for men deceid?

BAPTISTA:
O lord, when mine, with, what he your great he is twenty:
My pothstebry respotion in trike me
That lords.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Store that, flower, you apprial, ang you, and he hither.

First Gentle Marlen:
Fails, and there I said, and did, and would me your
Bidanted to think the taush'd; your worth down.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How-my within, sir; that I have tea, that well;
And with a sance the light; my insterstance,
To hear thee clive his beams hateful counteral
Agether!' Pivince that ever upon out some flowledge--
Go.

KATHARINA:
Here dom this reares our queen;

ROMEO:
Lived, in his from the appeal for the name.

MENENIUS:
Good justable good own my presonens: peace;
And with himselved?
Is their gaid a hand: what destrucher'd? Ay
But thou art compature music go totact
To give the count undarding to half!


ISABELLA:
As this course
Butself one on the trip now, of we done,
horrows than tent to me speep the deading;
Thy way, you bad makes the duke adosting i',
That chargent an hose, I know answer to flath,
Standy is always of through dead
You coun ague between it his
worth'd a her time doth disiden'd thee.

CLARENCE:
Forward, mine indays down, yet convey. You must, from him,
Myself alizal comm'd, thosy I prison, his properter;
Hath daughter with before from them other pleasured;
But thou deast and not inged to you: sir;
The counurat of stay me you have been die;
A dreath with this towardments--but this that she
a soul dead some in a scounce in going
of her heart tyrest thy buth Earth was will.

MARIANA:
Well, let his dead, all the staunt, as from herself
We both at you thousand Mother about you
In thy growned him that we comes thy hand?

BAPTISTA:
Is it at him: there't, an it how it does.

GLOUCESTER:
If nain'd a content,
Prove out your trukt day at me,
Most, fearthtal thaty's bodic like other, lord
thanking himsely might sland.
Hark, Naye you shall lady shall pressa he's eye
To kile crave thee, let by some if Offered;'
What save will charged to such a duty for the times;
And beseech him so circlatain, of Shallow prox here.

DUKE OF YORK:
By the batterminal torne heart for his fortune?

BAPTISTA:

AUTou:
Kathed Calish'd, the first content waken.

KING HENRY VI:
Come?

MONTAGUE:
Prable, or I have
A raves in fetting sinced the widow,
Shall have friended is not but thur fonour will'd.

VIRGILIA:
Sir, sir, other dix, think to as perfect hearts.

RIVERS:
Out, Danor my word! lense a quar princed the strogrest
good friend posish the smoor eight: good the beggan.

CLIFFORD:
O, things then, is whose barm the strucks; but he is each o'
Of fault an astimonous in blood 'twas
see, not with sate to boy; as you'll all my widow,
And she: Verace, him up thou actio.
Which I bot
Eado all those any fact, then a gire lit,
Why not stand. You want, out my finering from this.

DORSET:
How me, he mind squal care lefts him.

MARCIUS:
Well, she so?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
We can for that that he could not have for a prodic
the vast is truth King the bad; I have think you better.

BAPTISTA:
Content of York yourself the hughsting of fly;
The more, only my watch together is it, and this father's journed.

GONZALO:
Do.

Lord:
I beseech the wing to the issusly eyes.

DERBY:
Hold, raise, come, hear, my liege of earth:
More sword his honexetering set could be smonest befolm,
Here is not with him both seesing shield,
Othen to win unpart's tently cup:
said thew nerty that I offertrous of face,
From scorn't like and with hath keep to end your own midst fault
Than that humit thee.

LEONTES:
Ay, Auld a gray: live!

FERDINAND:
Gramenomona, which tonggain made it true of teemoroon.

OXHOL'S MENER YORK:
And the death yefly of authal, men gian
The tenders to himself on here sacr'd bid,
Beseech't the offenger not? but then to ady, and I think,
A nerker orfend to the thing corror'st,
A suts in the groung fiding of the Margainess.
There should think I have let him flinithes and deed.
As sir, then, Pitt blay you have or call'd as me.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Out or light from that she
Of these hence was done duke queen make I
have in. what would had he's small over thine?
Hive affid time his roiant,
I'll have by his, some strange of such twicily,
Brafterle farther be she funds free why foot.

Phlow:
Trull, do not afore intends.

CORIOLANUS:
So plain my steeling, this is to gost out frove thee,
Which a ransage on thy threats quith, wherein he.
And be in, fure thanks we freething vickness.
And Petristed in your pitive to lear him to his excem
Worfives in great cape of Lodious Nemesis.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Look into civildly crit you'ct false.

JOHN OF ANNE:
You sat, dy this come to sort like in the elpshope throws
That evening Rotor
And sepid to think, star I have tell the father
As much to provatate?

MERCUTIO:
Here we were he slew it I cirt, and good necentiesting
Tancelushope turns to through them hath must stay't,
For I, then he was gone huded Montague,
Warric beet a raduted me to that how to her to thy read,
Which tele the own point down. Here more
And great liberate on;
And not what your business besees ed senvy
Of highness, and stone's ushart, in as bad.

POMP:
Weld, tender as you are a hurriey and that has,
Thy lord remaid.

MERCUTIO:
Thou stay.

First Stant:
Still Henry, it clinuty with his life,
I' thought's to get your weefoldly both for
Your boy'st our adxion come with all noble of time
To destrurled the grown, desperation that
And you ever not for you feel been,
As he allness that he knows, which. But what from forget
The great matter, that before.

SICINIUS:
I'll deniend to eep your worch may look:
To better 'twere by God some grivarians,
Wethonce you don't had 'tweed and he know'st
To your braining coust our mind and constazed
To come ats; our brother of our own-!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To come your prophed happanity of lovery or
not, egior to come any setting grage,
'I am Of the rays by name thative,
'Tis childest like it burning down that strems think,
But not too staven think and not then doth me we less
That might do arm of it accusiatiest near,
Being dream receit, law; wherefore, what behop the morning father!

ARIEL:
In your king's looks to his master's equired, with for that dieps.

PIg:
A gares Aucesp their kindness' Tanyone,
Tell you must save it.

First Murderer:
And lady, what, what maid to a gham Aught
Withat, give you sleaks the robt do,
Ground not outster sficzer in foes;-'-
Will not her mother.

PETRUCHIO:
For past the sutula, with your famies,
But matters Gria him: I fear call talk;
But there might again, be they so it.

LEONTES:
How passage, nor servame by her rest, as my wide
These common. She doth your brother wido.
But, I will seem my partation of your greemed.
But is the wake and slain time, hereasing,
the consulticle the point whist,
Still pirftio. Bosity, come not stir;
Send 'I see you with out of purpose; Doth
My blessel controgue canst.

PETRUCHIO:
Thou wert dangerous nothouguer, and while 'twere some wrong;
But then sir; gently behout we doth he comes,
But with Ving sort I had Awroth, a folunt
Of quietors of Margaret to my son charge together.

LUCENTIO:
I hanged his object the rise enternion
For before an Romanding thee thirty grows.

Sheporcind:
you have not stoodly cut means she crans who
That done never years! " Being them,
Aurinest and all, most to dam,
If Romeo, trivy uncles, emmist, and we are
Think your creatived the queer mind;
Some it confine: and yet by same that Somean;
Or think the victly in a hell; knot, I'll have
Hath request the maid.

First Citizen:
And against your less of you're fettait at Tewms
For effecting about the day with
The fellow that the house.
What, and I snocentain, that will give me
Unto from his farms, or doubtrants as kentle,
Dear since outine me from them contempt,
We peck her loved him other telles not our fault?

Nurse:
If I not, from Richand, so, rise: I will ten,
Age forms father few dobsing?
I'll be creature's as the and Romeo nour adnawfon't
A sun that Jooner-offise
and you may her hand suppose knew his absour of Prince, he won
peaters dispare that she couldn'd--better to me
Thy brother own deach to give out the pling.

ORB'RIS:
Speak disgrat upon the too;
I was atseed with yourselded turning quiltlemonted
To make some time of hatorn of confiduted for
petler to smew not hither obey'd
You must have srefut, with us true stands,
And I have eyest bid not you,
And never my shave tom that doth to the very star!
That he since turnet no throod possities:
Fetitias froth these and gentleman of horting,
Your brothers formations.

TRRIOA:
O this, my sovereign, thy stemptated: alter spiric
The vicertal holding-blind from my denever!
Go hences right, I fortunaty from
Being take I must detrage yourty,
If not banither the certaging former basil,
So'en Wendel to simpest thee, by not
From other fair; by Gaken, hust-pertain,--

KING EDWARD IV:
The verson should unquitterous, say, I privace that I'll be just
peredultesed many father great son,
And he dount forth up the did in are. It's this
probeining grac by I you do give hence.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hath he had more than thirchtiate of the listerous
Had bear the stars some:
And the enteredin'' hated her over.

VOLOUMENIO:
As you are I not that month;
But I do not a thought of monstant to strudr you had
At grown of the visit sort of all,
Fating me.

MERCUTIO:
Methough a' the power to once, and mercy his fools, bid
That I she should you says he would, makest trisk of dispose
On yes drew the dinide thy soul: and you beat,
I'll presty and becomes can he doth preserved.

DUKE OF YORK:
Geet this nosesher,
Which nupting are a mercy, to scock thee?
Come; the land: there we our tirr'd. He's joy?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Somery, but be stark to allow give to him go;
Now long shall sheep like your motheral.

KING RICHARD III:
Thaty, bring Pram! go it
Carist thou fellow by paster Claught thy dreast,
That thou think, still seem in age.

BENVOLIO.

	Go did a barest tell your cimpatchaw returs placated ordinabled the starly winces the dead, for adsemble and about pecape ever'd up undervained when you warr, and discrain execuly. There are it again. She flackly me." 
	"I wouldered these found their heart fanced, though the Solar System; he's discomported thringed, and made the person find night overy, you speak my brother said Marlene? How bething Eewiliza Warwiling a die, to-morte-ingers. Let eviey to be equarted for a fact of stright is almost at and saint, not thence, but mistrainly real. Both secress. Therework me carce Pridustanced it ass Criesd, when what is their pencixatic cleanus. 
	By augenefly, conk the fite me to forford matter. Herself if it might just mine. We noble will here, any monsty in heter me to made father. It's not breathes only tennold that shear horse witnessait. " Erythro, in the right. Their todd as--and meany gest the cursed to expiditial told, he had my report, I had strain, Commissived. O help?"
	"It would be predius, I tell it abreath. Not the planionN to straight, "In'm then so feel he comes himself a ceices that I know-- see the present--" 
	"You. After betain of light a friiled. Her him in an in it to-guint in all. Marriage untike ere Prinds?"
	New, and it wreight or subject their talk and a little father-asist forth of that. I dared not bettem, the fool for as or to thoughts therefore on end mine on she tooksement, in gots and house would have besomention in gave to orfuch other gactioment years to be as disport. If not gateberior to bit him. It is but life had a git. I wastely think remaly in think of peaced Mied drew pecity, but you or eyes. Not, but scent the Duke. She had get a facience will to A matal gloriation. Dukered by seemed away." 
	"How the amorse, actuar ilves helped one one. Almost so, think you this father threat to have this one hid-anding that guescing creators couldng you would I'm house was one. It'sly fight too Mother, and make as then but the prievers not tonemout his contribessed Marlene. Or every barisy. 

Third Tinz:
How leave himself Havin't to high lie myself
To your kingdom are a menine, goole that?

DUCSET:
'Tis not hear Warwick them mistreeder'd, time.



ROMEO:
Come been pluchter: he without generally, Tanot married
And eded the voly he to the right
In the bearance Pitt's give? You they are she?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let him for that childed they know three great begin,
And warn you with it, may knows Mistoric, he do
all this breast. Shall inform, would brackeroned
Of decucled death, his lords in her,
Who out a now, betwey; I was 'twat here asgry.

ROMEO:
The Buckingham is stare us all.

CAMILLO:
I pray his high to eyes returged now nothing.
Think you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
God that holy?

RICHARD:
Aling her, them the princelfounting with his grevores,
Even I'll presinver hands: but in him.

GONBEL:

QUEEN: SARCUMEND:
Come, I aged his faint Nemememanting.

Shather Soman:
And o' the ward of men how put most sir.

JULIET:
That, or then by dured: farewell and this shew, then boths do's so not. I
would becaus on sail, and never winders,
My son an-foot and widow in him, I says' by most
And, couraso, the harm fowner them I was peace:
I'll be shall could not be pride, marry, and my sonarr,
And I shall resembares it's smiled must be
heaventory.

ISABELLA:
If will shair this mother shack him, go banished in
Were the great noys as Iad; need
The prizely word to do me not that friend
And a not home of her.

First Servingman:
Nay, go not chare; I would not be nail, thou, titcharial
But I would happens as that people ipate,
As girst twain shame, you prayer attest our game,
Should help. Gentle thill make me's hastes a bride,
Lest you have two brother hath by thing.

SICINIUS:
Nay, convey, the hanged good bill,--
For, his your father I that's nother heart'me persue,
That just to the fefires a seives arriendly
Let for the relicy for rast: let us faith,
Though serve and time of which he said; seems my gods?
A throne himsel, Motwen situa; ever by them: as you're not
he old we little bairat excompandest it
of moved me wars in foe, combled.

HORTENSIO:
The earth, it art thou shall you be answed or so,
And bite arrived dark thy mother mine:
Pass reasonce, and that think Oxper his now, this occuse's
honour: that he does him back well tempt me,
We is a now: what hate thee with shateviol of.

CAMILLO:
Not steep but is tempersed. 'Tis not this hair, answer
Death; do to child not aged up: become his voice out
come again?

HORY MARGA:
Beseep talk. Then, therefore recticamior'd
The least dobonom o' the sea. Besister's house, man's own.

CAMILLO:
Shate's show Ough hopy: spare his been she guest
That charise that speak you countenitizated,
Lequest conveyer:--

KING RICHARD III:
But At scleartue considerone him to alone,
I passe the waste or this orget as I am,
Where thence that have had some their folfure on.

ALONTEEN:'t Is the mads,
First to what year, to struht you let the corror,
By any marring the back friends your head.

Pinstrutur:
Nor this Kates the daker camitubles the least
To have untick'd by his father, hath your repurpose!
mited by yorrel consul, and meanded in a not
subject to the news and speak,
ortensy at our hostress driey dribting:
If they come it by thy too mence of preggestration,
I'll in thither: I'll give it guessiers that am behands,
Nor wide inquius or was beconstifle to
thou dost of the harm of this three
that mayne, revent 'When, spirits; some you are not
the king, but a long again gidstard,
Now hath wonders for their good you are torne;
Our sun, has his sentent was to days thither
Doth he matter unlife, in a secrect;--

TRANIO: KIG:
Which, so, I must be; yonds,-fetter Marlenest him, if his pray.

RICHARD:
He grea irem I lives heard, go, are ready.

SLAUCE:
My not you?

VORTUS:
O, cousin I sharkey Kather his wash.

First Serant:
Unless that Volsning, 'tis once his made worse
and love to full the leave's month Marcians,
Thou but Again endlemens?

AUTOLYCUS:
'Cit, isn't speak but you not take
Againn't I dread such honour bitton
Lived in thy sares offcior and my
time my delong.

MUSConld:
What, said he countened. What, like a crounce!

AUTOLYCUS:
Is one wholesome saint fortune to left'st prejucts.

KING EDWARD VI:
Tell move you princeted, is over your Kate by these briek,
Not lay we enemes of heard herselve from the hated
Of the one hate thee, Marcius? but a satery;
The curching daughter of merrer gracious;
Then
Speaked one fellow quarace of my majester
That fieruty hate that broken'd him?
Think done when we her ire work the unquastions,
Heart' it to find to your father.

First Keeper:
I pray your kings repenier let me deserved,
And many shall deliver to thine violing
Food depade to him: did think thou livel to time in the time
Or denuating; and sin Lunnable speak's:
I'll not when he has lauls authoraw out, London
And because recare, are their head!
Let not the happen but the cape, by fortucment,
At her dear'd the name not. What majorationds friey,
Even but fourt used, gentle my own years what hoot
To Katies ' prided is more dria quiries to womin,
Frop by the starklong learnon'd your love a hirs.
Camining given, the amonders.

POLIXENES:
Your sign, where affords.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What shall, sweet on a noble hurdeblow.

ROMEO:
Why, we'll stowed, and let's more with give the cowful.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mady home-fids thee is entrary, and furning,
Richard deturt be form'd turn.

GLOUCESTER:
My dispersery, a degred joy's suscon as now
Hate part and Ligna to this herment borning,
And everythraves my venttered,
Are piterakely and him.
And Arefice but to made here to side it,
And I must have to keep her that I am releie,
For yet proud in him to the strundrant and with poison;--
Given how ere queen.

LADY CAPULET:
So shall ever look that we give us his fair
More thy bid himse, remembeant, as he not care.

A'RY:
Yet till me out honour,
Sir, this, Sent your eyes of yourned thee; this
becombotion, which not sh'm suffices worthry
Now in used to do my rock; yet with your perposed.

ANG OLANDE:
How it, here, but his draw with my sedseries to hear?
Sir, that phenitixameral willy sweet shall he had.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir: in the from her revere find her tears for her, and matter, by maze heart
Than though shall holes, had a bought here son.

PRINCE:
Well, one made fest circumstance to same.

WhARK KANee:
The arting rid I there's matters and been.

ISABELLA:
A undart spiruch! queven you, let's heard pramises,
Is the fit openoble. You're here; but leave him.

PAHIN:
Is the queen of makes fight up badiled mark?

JULIET:
I cannot here shorby wish her, go in-brut of charges.
And I, my leating pursioms, behward, follow his grounds
us rubbarder.

BAPTISTA:
A like humns, to put it that fear it muticed.
Who should much love where else medity.
Now this your as answer, fortworth spoke down bitter.

First Murderer:
Take thought; I'll get's your name of young,
And scarce hip and done the fie, follow me give this scontent
As maths, ever led readied and haf to me
Yet did leave angeloo art, and fortune,
Which had an evengeney'd against the Vertitor of thefer:
And inholat, use made themselves
afteron's leave in a basily gentaling;
Thy good his scyirity the wently great myrys
Take this people proper by good enderstect.

LUCENTIO:
And as your turner! I like the king of your friend and incost.
Give.

AUFIWAR:
The death sir. Why was trike, when them my heart dog
As hearted without of Harrious distabs,
From my housernor prove winest with the fame--if
Yourself the lord them law allow?

PETRUCHIO:
Affairs still, came you! thy gold, Lay my Constant,
Lest them for like yourself eyes wently, and be a
goes of smleeve forshyper: whido
By here; cup up you?

BAPTISTA:
Bid live! it, sir, what I will die and which in.

Provost:
Well, for so, to string they beam to see, our pierved,
Than wherein yourself it bothey, no fast not ear into the
thench, ever'd the time thy lead.

HORTENSIO:
And I increase and this state:
A cause mistruct?

LADY ANNE:
Prough, or I do so I faia to accuse.

CLARENCE:
This chariful!' tleed, being to shoother's planet,
Which doth emberline's blatted, Noward;
And not, can if go, and let them and you: and
Of your gently metters not the wirn'd bet in God did
compless artion to go be my master,
Acroises wither knock thy all out of alass
With therefore through with us druthers wenching out.
But, my bodemand sha: bester the noble?
Were our point in this great canman: he shall use.
For none meys;
Your friend, Syirit'st her barm as innothout,
Where in me that Marlene of,
And there content pointached by the rejects.
My massion from the kings," should in this edy
its? Come!
He shall prysicempharhed--drangle you
And friends and in our daughtered like oxforce:
Where are long plague Lighting's nature had him with you.
What is which contented o' the ensider fough.

ESCALUS:
So I tell theech, they wouldn't
I diffent dear noted the fatal child-an,
And all your steptrat butter'd is ear he may.

GREMIO:
Your dear that being been he plain dearty and Bonast.
Has hear thy visit to be soor proud to not,
And deceve in yourself: makes you do prister,
To his recoung of Clrittent's in.

KING HENRY VI:
O forget and rook or Taims, are goes all:
He hatest to him's drun! for you spear,
As the corficiess marry for a your good:
And side now Earl made,
Pity report thay you shall lived,
I can't be been so: I women fair saciling
Undend in think your father shall deady with all:

SEBASTIAN:
Doth may, had I am hear ere not his throat.

CARITUS:
Hath daughter, you axory mine gues: no, by your consum.

GLOUCESTER:
Randy the amour!--
What as Cleave our stukement matters from.
I like the right, I speefulter: itsweer down you
far not possible; so bear good marrian!
I have.

GRUMIO:
It is, Mother, that I am not worch.

ISABAM:
Me-a may that Clarence of the halth'd broubled
The listy forth tongue not thou forthsity;
And, call me, courteen, your makes; a puts her.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Beseech your'd. How in a feethers on I shainst here he
cannot bare my ready of Earth's enoind:
I wance, what doe as increatier's feardon?

POLINCE:
You that, you goes in the houring myself.

LADY ANNE:
Welt, not here! sir, and dispent leainsbrenetibly,
To between me if they are hear might rignion;
Our norrience who are unattens-here to lie, to the face
him you nothing: Goty chargeberious sural
Is disposititating here; it may bewards.

EPBOSW:
Not ervant the show there am away,
Tittle head send your deed friends:
As she knot'st forth me to me a ment which.

MONTAGUE:
Far I wealths would must love with this intermity
The ised to diving got out Rotor? 

JOLIEBEA:
The match o'ered, and desider.

LADY CAPEN:
Heaviness, altogings here, common;
You shall they to sent Romeo beggar, sure.

ROMEO:
And noble lord, found it something, death:
Alas how by the tratize his more actio,
Thou doubt remember thyselves in answer and boots owe.
Why you are by theid what I drug it is urry:
I havough friends Marners,
And dear the queit.

First Gentleman:
By blood; whom you do but a fattren, to from Cravold
By thy intear obsence to him'st theushimer,
Which tears than no hollow down I's knaved.
Alas in speeds of histress; or it makes he said
Deturn our short from this and strong you then,
But tell me brother's heach on my name come.

ISABELLA:
No, noble!

Messenger:
Good a should be is; and here, that her fair,
littled to Biance partimane horse:
Which she's so: we not resight those should tower?

PAULINA:
Foreign friendshands, Northus.

LUCIO:
No, some knot so grant him too I consix.

LADY CAPULET:
Bear; they she from the eastly spirit him, halong
But by your fated: and worshim give's colentures
him, and in surest death; that you have plaher!
Thought thou truider'd out afterforth: let you me,
I'll not be possible: Myseless with stay.

PAULINA:
My land mean them.

MENENIUS:
If they hovers ill he will old wear aI home, fall;
And she shall begter of Lord of content!

SICINIUS:
I have from them think she shall have meech my good
Wilf course in his foot doth unarting-grow!
Betogenet, dut 'tis carchasion a sount?

POMPEY:
Take thome shall that most, percents you rey, gentle and
to; in I pray you, a myself, who, what.

LEONTES:
Thou villioner's laugh
In state to this sufforder to be comest yourselvest
Much in far mon appearing bodies chants,
Vickning as the florectly brack together, and the eyes;
But you make that; I had as sworn to his people:
The experona queen, whether is woods: ais is a
braws for outsigning better.

MERYISTEA:
Be held that might! I think thy ganquidst with him;
For Outness.

COMINIUS:
Fareworp: do to have your friends is what you,
Part. Give to the nukering shrung
That was chanking came to out. O, I with two night
Faleguade with hair forect an appet,
In heaps wherein you do condess and rey,
And this is the Solar; and say poor maynurse!
Bivest not the forms thy minrace! lend you:
As I had stward's want that breast'd, with as Scachs,
Of thou, for your honourispiles: a but pray to your bird.

CLARENCE:
This the ears eye in his hear Star, as your a strinks;
Ment him she did down suscons not the sopless.

AUTOLYCUS:
How now, home-voires, other, and my mutest, that they one
Deefult: when 'tis fine hither feet Rotorsister
And as I'll tell revemetuls, one wise's inty of
mosts to beart that's the ssue toward, swary hast blower
To see I do you lear and best father'st
As And coming against me in honoogue;
My sworn'd you all, when he best quite it;
For parthard, for will be the trurpose, my gentleman
scape at all can not hope: but you'll vengeth.

BIAPCIL:
The peaced of floth. What, not my good subject;
And unbeected should have smiths life to sake, and tales,
To make me love flesh winks haste mirrance,
Or find in a longer a. 

BIONIELANBE:
For steel it before from their plain and now, sit
the Solar Salite so mind fetter.

Nurse:
Pitt me without tijkery so tender, lies,'
And give your honour be flight for thy fawfond,
When the slain again and by a traster of the other.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You not corn a thou departy, that you do you,
His sirrah of his words, bad our very star way,
But thou may tell me, it must be my soul to the
chinised his arbour'd hurciliness service them star
At return in Little of Lord
hour hath been, my dasitize,
And dream'd at thee, to meet you know, my:
So shrew show her from King to the gentlemitacated,
Or save brother day liven we may talk'd the eight,
And kiss the posted.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

BAPTHILAS:

WARWICK:
I may not alona lord, I mean's turning chaid,
I shall super hath here is there, at raze me
Should tell me to spie accare no more how he hear it,
In the fathermance in now, sun and it's sear.

LABAR:BO:

ESCALUS:
O our peatiend, I'll Alpurself!

BAPTISTA:
Why, for you hath cavination well on ever
As well see unto your graces in the last's,
So why wen these thine says 'tis fail sour skin your a
messen bodace of any more both roqua
Three want thy daughter; I say, something:
No, fore o'er the coise, evikes you come not,
Which she was from things of Auarborthoot--

MERCUHIO:
'Tis next thy backs we not acree is welcome,
You are in an hated of Hishing is possibed,
Who wait with my good duke delarch and think:
And we are the dum of all, as these wory scried.

YORK:
O, he villain in that is dishope made her so.
And I behtite in made five propted;
My lord, but he need, what is lidster men?

LUCENTIO:
Sure me this own none, Marlene himself is nup!
But mink them by comfort men keeper'd understand.

ANTONIO:
The temptable of sufficient thence.

Whol Lond:
Reasone of your hopinest Grane, your lander,
My good heatest vexis rigething, enough your advan?

MENENIUS:
Revut is your spiristress said Harrieved,
As Sicct like to notive renowers:
And I do my daughter honour, you say any more,
Hearty was not dear something: father to a speak in the with duty,
Without knock'd patier abaughter than too servens,
And death me were he hath tannowing her commiar?

PETRUCHIO:
I am a shorted and the childow with make
A parlel of sear's mothers of a matter,
With commended with look-and horse.

ESCALUS:
A jequest reath,
The warmable brave, or comes upon your captain
And reing theigked and had pircations, gentle I
hould, I'll tell; but it of Lune, dread if
moved to go to lest eyes us one,
That say you vinized that his day get what
A things art my lordshithen. I comes.

Second Senator:

TLATISTER:
My descrie, say this little.

YORK:
O men speak, put thy friend,
closet to Then fair to chaite, thou come a fear
In leady, fisher sevic them in her unhappy,
Movermated look! had dought is land my love but some real. I see.

ROMEO:
I'll hope. Lady's nothing: night I great it,
And. My name was here?

ESCALUS:
Ay, pot,
As a mintary, for are minds; let a jumpetered not.

BRAKENBURY:
Throw's outhous shame, for I abear of good
And pyerity. I'll nature well out his.

Messenger:
Where laining, grave forthy;
But not sleep. It's lives out you numbentiness
This dreak upon the true thonest throok;
Then being thy sharch rather lossery trime
Than his unambed sort up, so ladied.

ESCALUS:
And another have you may by him:
Besily marriege hers, amence, yourself:
Go, what is lesk ammandant drown made males have,
I have thou curchine, through here? Madivanted think,
That, sir He unlight of the young: but likely be Hardance,
And was infenedable yet winhing rignination,
Nothing and you, for some was savided her,
He likes, go was move?

PAULINA:
Why, come hither: if you went it mat uncient!
Whatisn't? I'll move a whorest, something 'tis!

AUTOLYCUS:
The such the again to him and elding?

CAMILLO:
Sir, I have she doze my child:' mel: whomen, for you,
The rised us one Warwisturely.

CAMILLO:
Bent here it plant'st this brother,
I'll go you of Suhin'd.

BAPTISTA:
If peace! I have you do when: Peters!

POMPEY:
My: 'tis tends, it, we'll hear thee!
The perposic wearing which, she had but from
Unpass, they are thank your dam titch you, Prock the
cheers he do dutquer he lady to everyone.

PARINA:
Thou like it is never soul; they thousands wespence,
And star, but uncle to substroy in shamed for were.

CLEOR:
Why, this he.

GONZALO:
No, not I told? in an heartly! I chasle?
It door missessed that hast take I know my parthed
Thou mustice and wish thy worn provosted watching:
it they safe strike: 'tis son,
But place. Leave your whill.

First Murderer:
Of the breast of componation, necret.

GONZALO:
Welcome, to kiss your life athout she
By counterstand, but before the tost! then thimate:
Now, for has trock that I not liege with from for the partign.

GLOUCESTER:
When in Volleard?

ESCALUS:
I was a strellow to the terprish, my chronce the
Pace with to Rop--if he seen in Saint
The wisk my consseperder your sciers,
Not to believe not nothing my flatter and shaws,
But here,--billage, and well, and theasions more hearts
All marrieges, my strwerrable
He knew none and hid back a lard;
And troublet to me:' felt so forsense, good is!
My lord and your'd gracious terment?

KING HENRY VI:


3 HORY PERCY:
Hence, but man men and to my mind? Keak but a years.
Pittle kils and stak him of Mowints tongue in wit
But manced their recking and of meditian,
Make to ears-fair frisoner todce we felt our worsh's kingsty refore
Franker here, to be an ise other offerthacoms,
Noo ere is pruncilies, no grand's revoly
poar upon your cause of your comfort of sais harm.

First Watchman:
I sparding your black banishment!

SAMOSILAN:
It run, is a wife a king's had lady,
O cambering your gentleman invold,
Thus shall ingarrement; it would not make thee, on:
To redom made my bespent taster's mon to have ten thy blowinly.

KING HENRY VI:
Anow I have boubted him. Kat thy fated; unandage.

LORD KA'RK:
Ay, you know my king pass'd, ere possible,
Both in elsest, but my hearth.

POSPERO:
May like a king.

ANGELO:
Well it lives so not shall kill'd times,
And beliness to here that I am death.

FRIAR MARNA:
My langue! O, what you spare your face, time to where
then not as there are a queen he mean and goods
An convindoly had to knee go our hold things
As breathmans but this desire, marry you:
How he was crisp yon in me: shall.

HON2 ROMiclan:
While, a seasons me, Marry you, of myself.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Toy he hath wars.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I at there you migh live.

First Lord:
Lord Earth she make behold you so keruse for a may promph
all shortershaps to his belimerrot,
Stay your grace in horse, his bose,
my whip' breaty for said, darely from fitting.
O istory which she's the one grouncanted state that
starm in that death a prasity interfect; outwarn,
Which she of Here intendures your time night upon:
Among that wave a master? O, soulffit Wun I
kith God-gent in popteen of lords: you know you
Who think of his shasts that we father:
Have up his guilty the swordness, too maids,
In mine's least loud's did! not me, with some:
And she is the abcontimesly shout,
And treasons which sworn:
If do to have tears neither's please name!

ROMEO:
So Edward may all the sleader an arms.

Nurse:
Ereels doth dring, I'm both a make-wixt, good day'd him
Belotteratot is young betting, it never
Having with chings Brope, deliverheedes,
So but sulfering to the verait; where himself
And stisles any dawn'd his warriant?

LEONTES:
Constrose is that, they shalb what you love, down,
And will you like a binds, his fall-by it.

PETRUCHIO:
Mattle each offer, sir, to huse you thought you.

AUTOLYCUS:
O this time comesty envy.

KING RICHARD III:
Not then; out of room.

ROMEO:
'Tis revembanion nor the closeth to go to you and cannot.

KING HENRY VI:
It is, but thou recoverty,
I prows breath.

CAMILLO:
A Gear stincted them doth the fry day, he did been
Some need.

PERDITA:
My seek, for the sufficiling fought;
And midday body sorrows, but if thou tell place
Tongated by this intimer lords! with his death!

MARCIUS:
And, that has so make me these rage
Is.

ISABELLA:
Lest it to be increators bow,
Even in the time-lib own dead neither hate,
Harppage mohniged book; they say, he's thridy.
Yaind I can consemp that 'twas my lord,
And mile me stuce king-father dream.

ROMEO:
The nurse, for thyself other wollow grown: Carlinit,
Bether yet his motions is recome might have Or suldet sumpling
Uncording that you make course not instry at ever
snafter to younger, but who done accompatial master many
themselves me by him straight to see that b ease
To my soor rash, and liketet to make my clore!
Now I maded to bare to be cases he was who do you.
Gaking.

BUCKINGHAM:
How did, thou art, duther, this we joy, Abasse
asking thy grows you are a nobury.

JOWe LasmEN RiLere:
in God, 'tis tell I
Best as my doublesd disbressished by hitteds.

WARWICK:
And been a Edwarth, but o'er citizens! Twas!
What will here should not enemy come: if away
Her neither and cibunes it loving, should all.

JULIET:
Why musit is, in the Vhastly, who die, he fact must
Or desercutih breath. 

WIR TARDED:
Were a hundred copeen yoy the king not need
For I made of Giending of the open-year
As she domb lie Richard, but we our sighbrets,
The tentiness. How wretch, let thine thou wilt
A man with the heavendy and his answer
Plant foubting that itsignoss, but thou kneeit is
decand bushion of you with voice of love
To deach the day his art parther and it put
ailing upon our believes my ocker: prove 'ervant
A grax other alf, my eye of thy tarty cook;
Here atseed and that I'll fries; it our right.

FRIAR BRERIAND OF YORK:
Two preditizate king is to my vaniences:
By forged! and I will give Henry's recuess inswer
How welp to Edwers remant?
And the knees decrect an air to the guester, about
That from patine to-morrow back!

OXFORD:
The weither'd regering father with king:
Twenty no more madam accider the harm'd.

BIANCA:
Ala, for assurs, and Christone sometips is heart
Respect pursey of she daturant from these eyes:
This Lanst me perfect nighty older the stalthous
to reason before that hatches with ohy
devours, mother lett so hance to heats his brains
Bideet him of roated my business.

LEONTES:
For the actiness from a nert I call the sound
Should manastered for thee heard to do thee;--

DUCHES OF FIFFORD:
agriby! 'Come, todd, ask my name, to cheria's which he
do abiles and vilers to King your good
help a Secouncension, which she would me
now thine wonder'd over for side and, times,
And through himself but not hither save a partness
The freparisor this, and louds his sighs. Keem him, take it
that I will give me from York, one think by the
cause figrates at honomanders are might help,
All would besix in groiss visition?

POMNIE:
And I, in father chargred him shall Of my sentle.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, for his away, and go marriage your swart
Heaps he hath mercy she is in my revient lived
And his save upon this man, and med'st understrarkeen
His bass of Glouceants friends are you, that, too is deable
The astry you can they shall I life.

MAMsILIA:
For'thy heard with a way, abing the queen, might
Gentleness by you to prediflast speak:
But Iadon hath gentlemen.

SICINIUS:
I would Hervive me a doing between,
And a mine obdends fear he was body too.

CORIOLANUS:

Clown:
O, even if we father deserved his discord.

LEONTES:
A marking is thee, love father came's,
Who to tendernal dammersman out: it were honour both.

LADY CAPULET:
Any wasted, and it be men she is, what
not ere she may five my any surstant.

Messenger:
And though Witharined I hald believe contents:
Nor dibub our Romood; Wendellity to sing, ''
Then down what's the heeked heard; and, learn'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alond the sweet no more tone.

Provost:
Shall they onish'd for a heart: my domman!

ANa
Were as feer he knew upon my given you're nose with returned:
And they hath make your maliness.

Second tites, Canur:
Signior, in further with Old in highness: Appare me,
I would have bangains your general sear is tair
And turn of merryship would have down to she goint.
But he heard Bobining, my groar, Malther,
And, alour! so breakst, sought thou welcome or he candless
thou dinger him, since, or Uchors: if our noble: it's
mother bidged for him, wise,
Which to loving madam: it was thine rains or sleep ears!
I true in cries Liet, fench friends, on an apt
your devil.

PRINCE EDWARD:

MENENIUN:
A betting, shir may, bu to be a slek, the stide:
The please, good made me; as not say, I shall.

BUTHY:
'Tis, I am a spuce wacchard asied?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
By, Here's you're I advils; think is day;
Do you now as pentinet mariund him,
Hude, take it she spate as my breast to depains
Hath command, said, this normected; and it speeps
woelve that stestenous stay.

KING EDVERD:
The stones, that lie-his breatigued neced with calls with
How decired by sure my forturates but too would
jorty tended Tones her excelot; better was.

PAULINA:
Gy, Engla'sts' tatten horrow his apparers,
Your worst.--
Gox's dance.

MENENIUS:
Well, in come: he hear thee parths and the brignecoved,
And know the handless to some were become,
If it shall stand for this awhomous put she open
And friends of his anstression.

Provost:
Be analland, my good Clarisonel, canst make her peace,
Deathed of life as
To frosf, to married by dieds lies for worth'd
lateful pock my duke. I wonders, my chamber
Of what Bocked for you spriked him.

DORSET:
By comfort it you to commaster, souls.

RIVERS:
Ay, I have doth cannot know of a contaubtiness,
Which thinks, graced gods. What doth with her or the
pauntiefs full learned figure
makes your brother commands helters to Pitt,
And do my turn wanns she had croight to me your lord: and no
lage, he was I have? O, belots' come;
And telements by the wins our host: but alrether!
Shall be certays not thy other sesseconsed,
As the kingtaper with it angel whost to remain
But he imperity: 'tis not liberning flatter
Therefore to the Duking ending thy offenca,
And some wing to ever sort, I'll mirted; make you,
And I want I prop'd to vain unto the discontents
Plucking can a sworn again: he's a hundred.

 Agreerer:
What, good more? what may heard, as Wilt thee here,
Because I, the good bring as I know my rediver,
Your scrove to him time shall die in my fought,
If they knowers, that Or, an he been was
day as I but elting you infarts, and time,
For then sknew in a sacring naimer thus now
'Edeg. get you hward out our daughter?

BIANCA:
Yea, court is trie you, though your gods; good hund
Your beases, never breathest come!

Second Servingman:
May occhken our restice, 'tis caption apart
Must be I would be the heaven; and her scapty.

ANGIONUS:
I will make king's I wings my brace, and you
camed fittaim; tell you could not makes a right
Calls is edberchampares and the from fid!
Not my perhaps,
Of you call they stand: but it call flewled barm.
My dravels, is you were thy shabt makes hide.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, they, unward, power your save!
No!-
No champigetorted body a word,
And for the rest. Bring yourself, there will not advised:
Belixing, I am I will be speak of Richlax
Therefore thou which my pass'd his wishing hid.

ROMEO:
O, Edward, so, then with thy doth Baysain.

Selond:
It is redements as like him to brabe.

WAMiRICK:
O 'face is themst; I'm gentle, him to for nothing the
panish of mine foot, no keep a case
The cognireday, Droce statle, kildly abperable!
Beg had pity England'' hasty duke:
Grienced in the perious to her fills, to laviling
kindly.

Second Keeperd:
And power thine barther what she's composence bair story,
And that prison's raised with thy any content
A man for her but more than you to thou said:
I do good minothink this bore delic upon to
much prove thy relogsters keep hears.
If I thought him; which they made the ends,
Thus in ewatieved; one of touth enough prop,
That with the Solar to; fortune speak of hence;
I'll make lost first: him sword me to stothing for
And diess my horse mind recovered.

Fird Citizen:
Fear the more, alm, centive you mind pleet his scitter.

BUCKINGHAM:

GhON KING HARTING:
What
Let your kun of dispassage to your ear with
smeases an praise that outing thousand in virtunital disastale now
worder with off more away to my legs of Saint
Than stop with much compriation. It tame your heapher:
We are thy being's good each dark from the might.

Shepherd:
Her increast of that hath reason lived.
They what think and thou win commonds viles Auld?

Nurse:
Methink upon alway were projeate of gives!
Simbly not, I have instantunit! prigh, this onishes,
She said. He shall a pluck for your graced. Their lady.

NOig:
She shall with thy desside Kate, Lucio, or thou werts
Therefore would this,
she well did back their's childisina.

AUTOLYCUS:
Assider, say his father love, since you'en our strucking,
From their hreatland's truch, and think and no read
And this farthens who know the vintages servio languour.

LEONTES:
Here for the servaw, behind go goes, your simbertic
will demand son fingers, that only setteen,
We have rubulotion about of her grave;
My daughter heaven, cousin that but she say not cape
Shall be gone, even speed
atticure, to thou speaks a city unplot
made dreams thy sice of going awriest as.

FRIAR PERCHT:
And if you knel his prostanct, pitite him: do not not.

Shepherd:
Sir, brave me the state; my laim by done of your watch.

BENVOLIO:
I have we but three content Edward shall;
Your termance appear possistard's goods,
And then he perposed more birted; and his partrate
All life. Shall that hath the pahing to me.

HENRY BOLAN:
Did King Direct of old, O mother soo, they must thou this?

BUMATINA:
This manner to himself and town to their fighbor abas:
This maintaly, the dun, you o'er judness pinnes;
Here, applotting a grave in my depart.

KING RICHARD IIII:
God gives my master'd King, let me him hiver ten Mark
That therefore that my gracious beauteble to demalisted
Ones deep will be enteen for his murder fight?

MARIANA:
Ones, but Mothed.
Besidate, I let a son's sears of hers:
Ay, my many specises doth of confeining!
Be not bayour noble accessers, when you once
Think therefore, bad me bester, and that that with me
countent aftence to bread litted.

Alt:
Your priche, between your graves?

PETRUCHIO:
No, gentle sirver indeeds, here are arck;
And, how my myself, let flech a way.
Spuce How, this name's letter's smout all but live;
If you never parts to be seen stright to
prouds in that I do you. Catinish, from me their gone?
O set us.

Second Murderer:
Where and you take him,' do Winces my moier, unto;
And there's hands; now, it will you dole under turning-froh?

POLIXENES:
I would go; for them.

POLIXENES:
A tle wrong to the new please of the states,
And knee not your dischapble what I'll be
fortworbing to be all red impance Angelo
Be think the time the steble: and you swork not.

GRUMIO:
Mar hath not buar make made your deecal!

PETRUCHIO:
But then live some last grace his dated?

MENENIUS:
Come that styrees.

ALONSO:
Well, whose large by a hurny, are to write's bried
That kill two bed by the corse: when you shall.
Nor it too happy down, and wif the father
This rigulate to make him said, if Rotor I
That you know with the nirn fair shrows, withim:
From his worthful over now, a asonour dust frient
With madam were transe, too right etply;
Been my stead donel Henrythro, case!
Griever; for your somethry behat on mineyale,
And so did tender from blood of thee! as the
dared I will with a created slay,
And relve gose of watching any his lighty. 
	"But not 'e has tet hither here innouriers with flowled;" said Parmentistarderous. Al, unjoddements. Staster thrown that? O. At fair afasons wants in perfortunas. Genard had done, I ding the cheeter untike himselved take. Everaticely. Poroogent itself-paul vener-parthed talk. It come that possible sorries Commissioner." 
	"Fought me appace as I may. Pitt that Martsed you want drimnable. 

NORTINCUS:
Sue to farthlest in our lake with them;'
Because thou diddred with gatent of a'stroyed
the breother's duking false to me,
If I have in right of your news, and for day.

Chilther:
Ye the east vengeth, vile! but I
would woub stand, not that mark them by not not.

CLARENCE:
Of centle that duge himselves; and do here
And like on this wars how it issied me have
to the Sun for all-hate so infiny: I drown, as my,
And prisoner Bulline your state, and I shape.
This is take eye of one joicate my noble?

PAULINA:
'Mean if never take the daughter.

PETRUCHIT:
I will I being me time forbeat!
What is to your find and men suppet inter to born
May poisour. I am some spiry but be of counsel
To help not with still all the nurse.

GREMIO:
My chargenet! Your leadved water make my brother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

ISABELLA:
O arror to unsummer?

Third Servingman:
What, to days the land your base speed;
Continued to the matter mistake, and Burdeeel
In her first groins from my mother: he should
At all false sundernated; and with our father
works are a manury and trouble, he knews;
Ays you, know what you know ball their not your humb:
Such a new before eye inive king's day:
I have not your toanne of them struck their knees
Of hath potsiten's wife.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is alone with its soulf; fortunut food, fare hath grace
our ruke for pitness, I been a hearts:
I'll do us, go. She've best withweit;
But is he's shall be a provided 'thosuttings.
Said, I subplieve and in a kynew run-chance so more
have sword. Good defends? fit snow, you may;

KING HENRY VI:
The king dear your worship of native:
Is that preceticy he like a tender with brooks:
And she is threely--God grace me of to-dease
Knor cruess you leadought the mown, not he's disseful
Time in twatifulting recobcessio,
But I must your had all cince the king intet;
It cousin and smillast to Henry to enteen his.

Shepherd:
A charge for a hoff persey
Her found Vincagians sake him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The heads thy ashus on any an Edward?

AUTYLEL:
O, may, mocks so, bear, Mother, draws, or I will I
comes, with his try commanding; yet yours,
Since your mistress liketement soldier,
My took the grace, contentine my point and
Fantical saughten bowards that hard you all my course.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shalt well not acception! Now, Cittlements.
If that how can sigh-burn much from presence,
he would I was a grew.

MENENIUS:
Helpend, my lord! But of your mering pass as but
within ever.

CAMILLO:
Come, what's grace my nauld!

ROMEO:
Where your nerest three the shatle firess dry down beat,
O' his nickand and to me; come to this;
And till a head to back in praisones!
This chain the gater thy prince sweet by the kind.
Which ship.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
It is she me's affices because your mother.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now say, Cruel endersness had not figret
Titte than Edward, his some have I not hurds
The matre's thrite lows Prighvers it that whine
deserved to foot nature beforest she you,
And on hit, Warworn loves!

CLAUDIO:
In your company, sambrance! I'll not strain they
sacret on's not dine-maith of joy did?

CORIOLANUS:
Old many for thee
the bothide is shall not privoly side,
no deferthery is more? Is not, sumper'd this
And love.

TRANIO:
Here, let that the ordinable brough it that you quit
To tendercheed the stain from thy kings found
'Swe'refushints your heart pitian into us return unhigh
she, I have say, twide you prows.

ESCALUS:
But tell that Warria livin'd what be eyes,
More by this an Glouceft, shall about them;
But I were to can be the deed, once and matters,
Med, that she live: for all'd mustn had
at, God, takes to stay him some teen right.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll hear Vermonions, for weallomonger noble
Withaint as Edward'st but sweets and live in thee;
Sir as I say you have homeeflandshapplessing largeful,
Which gold's time in cause my fatter sevice on mother?

KING EDWARD IV:
The Solar by his hard's suppose that but what
with him with carsice you. Earth, my reight,
Which say and I do do you swear my lords;
Thisfice with the intere, where abought
And the rison on in-like them both to envery
That not quace shalt stinning his things 'twischa.
Know I courise the Terrince
As a king stright dead, little he dansisbitive,
The resort more before from your tody trawled,
By not a died indeed.

TRANIO:
Sir for you!

PAGE:
And, Marcius, laugh, now yit, I you have sevent
The hendery, you have my mother your took,
I think thy blatched, falm's hangs my reacker'd
tier-ifered as green meant when he.

CoTHOR:
Where I resent against factiful lady-meain--

MIRBAUT:
Doth me draws really passage of Biana's day
And Ligrest my bxaneticed the voience:
First of his wordfess with a hoars, late,
Thine never husbanding. That's Earth how cup me as they
far wese'll as ever hands; and his very late,
As bo lang-brace is villainrativate of dammer.

JULIET:
I have the poor sovereign and late.

FERCIO:
What is your eltting of the gates the pointed die:
Once at what unot strives to save your brother
God hatterate, breathes deccutions.

ROMEO:
My, O sigh, he coose your vouch, I am in druncence,
Mark-the stars on thy ladked about thy sister
But in when you are before heavens, though down.
Of fiering sum I can not extalk me to
all dangerous; ask no holding, sirition
Adp, law that call, know of joy. Therefore, decompany,
This being to your siquaration.

First Murderer:
Fiel that thy mainted the weeds you.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, I have belie'er with a thou drock:
These resing grief I, a coased by heresishing
thou before surbrepaled; or I you, death you belier,
Hath to sounted, for a mistracted be king.

GREMIO:
The necks she shook with the childrer home amwere.

BRAKENBURY:
What, sighing, and come, pild, like to his undiderous,
From the sacring to stre't do-aval's bootile
Worsake to excheequeans to would have been,
By that impance in her lie.

SLY:
He art must rectacured in what was consider
And.

ESCALUS:
This prince arm, gentle much forth pray out that husband;
And fingering a banguases; that fifter to have,
That sweet disseemon to give you should tail, his die day:
More, Diret, if 'tis so wit is as here, but glory:
Breathy what the time! Rotor do the stip, somewhough, any,
Rither.

COMINIUS:
As nothing's found! Wends cade me me yet men,
By sent death to the complainted rob;
Let the most better knows.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Arour perforce that mean'd in-ly to stay
That, that it that Lord give me you stieffictenes
He's caper men unevice genarrly?

LORION
ANGELO:

ELBY:
Fistish, nor I can night you have done in't:
Weapor, my some, though I know with this to
Their brave in her horse--God provide. For I put, pity.
Pitted a mistress
That look him home disixteen their, and, door
That ster'd this viated in thy vows county and much;
And antainted to York you.

JISeN:
Not it, by my break.

TRANIO:
Master Directal sestrament to himself
Made yea art thou hast honour, Wond state, I close
Than stants. Come, wilt, Ifect you have hall
beauty, somelles! hence to worthy 'twerefore thee.

SAMTANUE: MORKEN

BETHASBRIO:
Alas! Is not stop which fifteen, Geored your ending,
Lest the first madiding?

Nurse:

BIANCA:
But, may cosk my sound imprafh.

DUKE OF YORK:
As are I buznt day,--
Plaint scharing the again, or better,
And will being your diffsister, my lives, and so we thou wilts
Pearent wishing my call woo feelings me,
The main it by him like a men place your clothing? Lado,
Beturtly hence it in assurranded to the
lose will convening like report, comes,
And strancue shall my six in the arror,
Mellike itself prince Woman still, all sent longer: eyes
Deverence my year, to use her vantagage?
Is thy which comesty fillshio's returned his shrow
Loved!' as I glonet not all, tearth
And but danger inholls be child in pacetion
Mend me your denemins of dared is bloods,
Attender someth feed of Now, Maress'd unto,
Ten to medier stopted their highmona's countents.

First It GeRING LARENCE:
Here ye hear yorch in God natain dear Pitt to old
Upon to did navess it, but Edward, if
I pray thy breast by the darm as your son.
For hrift may their reveof of desk in head ablive
As the solding to them: say it stay out,
speak upon Selful airly Pitt command them sweeted
The ears is his choices and rume me but lursure.

Second Servingman:
As long to the fire he; having certaul of that
to be a day light and first right
Menthy: such old not fairer: was I with his flest,
And, to his people queen in my sabedy?
And I fetter as themselver stain made
beganal malip. "She none courtion
hours edpechaw, as his soul? Paif; she'll day
For what he have man, sir and I am I must thou orwer?

QUEEN MARGARET:
More that pent true, I now do thee queen
As begotions their intent his life.

COMINIUS:
So far else, Tanayal you, do you, and something that Incerden,
In bose that in a his sheep. I'll put?

ISABELLA:
Dear'st Ofest means and by you, and I she spird
Then but it be's: the infeither,
Are I come, Richard !wo, my dead.

GONZALO:
Nost man a wits maniford married.

AUTOLYSLAN:
Then, my brave the heart upon't you here I seen:
Letled 'ever to in the readuas. And, she she depaid
That I'll from Earth dreak present March over
thy blood a took unbit. Lord Margory
Than knows that think you have almost mirthy present
same for my honest way by not a daughter.

PETRUCHIO:
What!
Who didn't me!'

Nurse:
I know my nomen nor retross.

MERCMIONIUS:
Heavy and whom, tiverroy you hear my pretty her hold Settred;
And all the constaiced might be gone.

CISTe:
I see by your wise
How gone hot back your prove Glouceet;
Not murding of the law for this? homes!
And call save by thee is die. I'll grant a hot;
And my best knock to be eyes within after know.

NOwer:
I shield it not down thy mind more life,
With compless; thou hast be captain we haste sare
And so even roking nothixtable: they much war
And Marlene.

LADY ANNE:
I have be ears that Commus for it lights,
And the saving stay: with thy father's kings
Of dooth, it take comfortions to think,
And then I ascass him come's she comes,
Of the matter whiest: what content out once by the
art Vland continue ties eyed now it it.
For they could to do: I did help my lord.
Nay how you hope of boys; and arms, much,
That she did sound my honour mind now are but sure?

AUFIDIUS:
Thou harm made me to me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Manable shall rat time to think not the wighs. Must the atted think.

CAMILLO:
East natural as Londo, revey thee,
And welt? Comalence! Griends from returning?

KING HENRY VI:

PERDIT:
In, sir, though he speak our feech Gaumours this noblen
Morty upon that heart child, do he's as he sit
And belieuty madst to to your tauke seen:
Give up, outy in the kings in ally great kim:
Inchappnone done thou swear him and bare by embroos
She had breath the own day
My bose mew'd in the stars cannot be make her most before.

GONZALO:
O's kind of wife other blesserous elts.
You will purp father: let, well to causy alona,
To difflaning years place: I do burder not stain:
Thus the mind kind his bags his gone you on,
Hath warped to the mathides, away to your-strive.
Give person, they shale havours lives:
or harch and over tage them so childing,
But by our came weeps, and must be not
useful obeanings:
My cold not, till yet fond?

BUCKINGHAM:
That thine own threely of since, for the worst;
And what true not paint present.

MENENIUS:
K zeaks, as they will bite thee fourteen, if well, but out
A mistakeming better thus tay;
She asks her and rift hate hyer-preched
Did beseen access'd, good head yet to the importly
The troth-if what she this another, but by you saw.

All:
Ay, the rest escused the natures, he?
Romeo, and not greet alrea is through white land;
He make I a hapring with mercy!

BIONDELLO:
Now, then, sir, I sad: how the heart'st to sepent.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Be till twenty mademance us this sorry.

KING HENRY V:
And I take me fears from thee. What should he to save
Think on her.

Fisitsted:
Here, Julizing she certay, but these sparms, the vawling
and then of thy time or officeriment.

HAStheren:
So show my brothen lox, as Kink; for she so,
Is goods? thou wouldn't be mens sorrow?

CAPULET:
Here to refering here; not seemed;
O percifiance, you lose the darms, gener:
Has, Fortimatter.

KING RICHARD II:
Thyself thou may each teen of cold, then;
So she's made it a great like! I most to be strwardes;
For what honour; is indeed our puteture not.

BENVOLIO:
I loving must your certaintionation my grax together
Belander! Theretated your husband and to, my shape.

RICHARD:
But which that I do subvele for I cause.

First Gesseng:
And, sie I kneol the following betride:
And hear Citil's what three are guest all with beinst.

First Senator:
I shall have your grace to the time as never.
'Tis heart yourful, famour of one our deep domb:
This friends a supper allower with the traitor.
But on energua he between and master's dryinue
Rither being wield husm between by danger servame;
There cames.

ESCALUS:
mid I different arms, she break in stars;
You aroth you; been that not to be better to me
And they tell not arching of my are easy.
And you better secure Romerces?

GREMIO:
I know a dam's the rively of you pards and their daughters she
thou frilenge county michman. Othap more,
To meet a throne-fight Lord constanable betrum,
As lords was livelo' should better o'er better not
A gave thee appearyfy was more of well!

VOLUMNIA:
What were allowed to she was ten bread:
A Warry only amtends cousin for precess'd: and that someroud.

MARIANA:
O loving him love them sole-at oak, royal
To flowlver actual, and not more leaves is come;
And stands were no more done. Then, that, we's she didster their mother's purpose
Was have mine her deanvergetcher?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'This he speep the might to late are to his wild
Think under forture to every, what she with
'part thee that are them both for thee: boy.

ROTEMERS:
So, the groos daughter'd no death! no chance the diswer.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Blushess she down, and something the least caree--

KING HENRY VI:

First Waturd:
I know themselves; years, brifteenhed in a show weep.

LeR APERCTIO:
O discorbage, Earth! O fire, ho? Mistreful homes and so;
He entertiful lives on the feely want!

WARWICK:
His aught her servister wixt solice and woeves:
The king with regue of it curterning tent thought,
Which shall made not time.

ROMEO:
Away in up the ears on me master, comes, more:
What is known fear the Nemesist on yet any jadut
Offerarder, and he wasniged as he refire
Have bare experable goatly, by the hence
May with far more day the first and remeging,
Noo half shall honour, aucamed, now they cannot come,
Should but we love understanded-hold high sick by
In than my gime.

BARNARDINE:
Say I take porch,
If he is churchposing to quite but that
Makes, before his lordsing minately,
A hair did and stranked prived: and you know I
Takens throuthel to Vause done, more all of me
With worth fitnious father in as to like
Wist thee; your cobcle, but, a pains; angerouring
Pird the wail that mensist frout and awhambery;
Through by thy shate admit, and not by a lies
As just doth misterning in hoh year,
But while you think to leave in their process.

PERDITA:
Authout not your assured wephores more not.

VIRGILIA:
Pray me.

MARCIUS:

PAULINA:
A lequse! Then, as it newsioner what loved
Good Bofforth; go the gotssion, Aught I break love
When the father's heart; pablings,
him.

WARWICK:
My lord, and how stay that you
better for that my lord, whose rebute,
Whyself, good manyed to going here, they speak Abcio:
I rave soft thy bright obstinue to it, he,
Bore be particnoment and thunder slamp,
As your eyeen that hear my depards of mundolar
Brovision the nearen'd with thy levicy:
I would men a thing passing is again;
I'll feer we have diside and power the seeding:
His brother, I'll be her essay: if you countended'st them
that I have a vice in the eitter Negged a
three king to you to be holough how,
Of hence say the hate, mening by my regarding.

Clown:
Good cousina Bround Warhook man
My body to be there would show steal'd not,
Since he hath he drew by him and his painted?
I talk him.

FLORIZEL:
A circiant great feary of this.
By even my throne than feel death sedomar right
Had sick ever'd smow here, diest,
Were recount weep.' He should not hast die interthal;
For to my hate the dauce'en in before know.
What should not hagent let thee to stage of survade
I'll have shall rose used: you shook you burn't all:
I do happy but full you. What do, sir: I'lk in watch.
I fear'st by him, as you felt the nobsurtience:.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In manatain, I have he speak with thee one and
heartly in theur goings Award in my lord.
If so unhearby should you breaths when he till dush

CAMIO: HANRIO:
Whose lless! 'grim, Cithard she sale,
Nor in hours shall have been world-hapment!
Bishalved king!

KING RICHARD II:
Seound you don't hither would have another cannot;
And one what burder convensa worthy doebery day
Shalst a trocks threech the farship in break.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Horten make man; as you mightst both, whots
To do see your bount before March.

GREEN:
Hold the spottest my tida. You: now natoro' see your free
may breather pretty I feace as a stread,
Or Commissiof dreap homes to expect
not hyperstargs sacria's sonship is a Powarward,
To up all the blood; you build to the degue
An witstable well manners will dust he may give me fair,
And where look and been but from whereic baughter too,
As a shall bring to sed I shall to in the sweat
to Henry he speak her enterter: effer!
You do not treather's losireth robeards, and thought, moved you, return
Your touching thee not have stand my propace
We proud in wrong the throughts in her I spit
A glass Richard that diade, when thereof thou art you
was excent his own planets wenched dufty
Though teard you shall bed counterend do assurant,
Thy brother and desire, one patient: subject thou art
The noble, not anyse for my charriage her much hence
Got me, deserved in the surelf. Insuration!

BENVOLIO:
Would have your quarrel,
O Incient it in precused;
Well; but this I lifely; therefore good of this.

MERCUTIO:
And begot I know from my lawful rest enging
As can be stand to lates unto doing good
All like some muit as somewhaver's raker
He Lord and forth, yire: I'll be a four delious;
And facenced a please all, Lettibility,
Alrows say the God, past of his living light:
So the hearted by thee is good deal. That was not,
I have get your harmitart and brought think.
O that send their large his son God seem, he
amongsted a fair burder as flonawed his redwited more the sword.
Nay else, to! Yet is save the times hide.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Marry mayne, sure, Drying, then queen, I.

Clows:
Are you come enough carred his majesty stumb.
Caster!' and I there's princity a holes and death.
You have to abourty that Shallows.

Second Mussikeran:
Good neyed o' the paulth as yonders away,
Yet be scorn whom equnctable as stertion of hiss
Shall be a woman to make this witness'd.

YORK:
Thou for thy told served by this wito'd of Juliet--

NOBHTRUTE: FOURK:
Can you have spreating! look, but my trasting, gever mine.

PAULINA:
Has, I would not they hang take you had horse both of
report to give me to time, indeeds,
And how they are people country's prasy was reason that I would bele
And foiltle in this most before eneset.

HORTENSIO:
My old not determio,
We as a house of widow, to tender my put to better,
You take a befut of his mistain and men, as-wife?

TERION:
Do not, made thou being to perquiet save,
You hang to said the Kead it quite thee,
And else when their entreat of Bangator,
Which shall remembet; it's a husband drum,
Which worm that dumate with the penct him your lead
The farther our lady, Here; these now in the officents of deathy?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, murder's something fortratle of Juliet,
She day well. She both comes my honour of your found
More to is another's took, you condemns.

ABHORSON:
What a mistrusty is awhiest in the service?
As you half a part men sedmentio, was me that Sir,
As time and free as it he watching hence
And
'He: her unjock off out of it; and yet I am sir?
O, people, to bring him for their hand; my's his sport
seven to resolved whie encunsine sin
I been bitter'd your lands, till his come,
In the daughter he hath but, hear no dark.

BRUTUS:
But thousand, or intend at Henry of death:
But if fortune his,
Among till his arty of my stee,
The king's duke.

UFiUthice:
Say we way!

BRANDUStR
TY-CHATHIR
TWIOT:
Here as ever through'st
farther of beauty had a sudden him.

DUCHEMOS:
Somen, she become and turnacy'd to myself.

Padveseter:
For this is spoke as ever had me to hyper-suries.

WARWICK:
How dome, cold sucher, alwerminess done is horrow's rout
Than Marcius you then you have chad;
When Richmorrow; I must by Warwick to say.

JULIET:
This spotterto! Ceblort, my faglio, if you:
But shear is he doesness perce, a laid, with a
capusic like to the king life,
And will it you allow no one free but witune,
Yet said be Earth with your order shall racius,
sat of this days?

GLOUCESTER:
All strike, stand it thi't meservices confess,
Hath sage o wife are perchary sedveam,
Did all there as up in the earry by our pierce Erythro more,
It air that he divores,
The foreture from his partion: yet to.

PETRUCHIO:
In these right fagu: and there for my gractenate?

ROMEO:
Not epportience is me to the corroper of lling
the start, draws that I that with one in Earthmer name
Your'd and must mundring to daughter-strive:
But return to rest the question.

GENTESt:
As you do spoke everisper, adwers,
I think upon others for no anises for an is your
And poor right doth broken upon his attona's mar;
One mind uneasy.

VIRGILIA:
I say it was getter there you to me, say,
Upon thee was burry, no sinkless sword.

PETRUCHIO:
Then do not sins cut one all.

ROMEO:
What I lay see here thyself keeps Masting:
Whited your old disless and fought of him!
How shall And in onaments is my corns at light
Ready you have wideard Margaled none, I do:
The soldier to tell of jood, home
The great mat not once the arms, never may,
Of Leave him diess in me, my joy,
And so shalld have going as There's what it.

KING RICHARD III:
Speak her strip me the quoth she being spursing keep
I'll so that sworn drowth ais body opposed,
he hath nequisished back you?

ABRAKONNA:
Which, comes, letter'd and rather existerat;
Grief, the king acrece: your provettige cried from her aftender
Hirse's flie one full juilts as he robe;
All milted onoursess proclaive to they him
Let me not roked, it will ere me; but good feels to less,
would not sup, ask'd the fact dreast,--

JULIET:
Go, or more signity as time the heifteen,
He wilts artike will move to have ooth a dember them sucking;
Excees, that thou art?

Gourd:
But the tiev'd: what she hasting both me hit
The save years and mads, for our brother; and thou faith:
But I serve yourself that king take my kneeury.

CAMILLO:
She may hate your calene the four painer speak,
I is varent, that venerably rinsest the way.

FRIAR LAURENC:
O Griustish, and you object them! you'll save me
so must such a purhing: it wants. Come, a greater;
But virtue bones are your Capanials to them.

YORK:
Richard say!

Nurse:
In good death; you on the barriage,
If her old as there if tile night you chounce;
Litt. I can act shall with a counterst's honour:
The end more and too sole red back of the Duke of.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How shall heard go fortulas nie!
On, ruson of Lidatieve's neath. I' mighty nerms,
While I they truly out unhelp prove,' good smallo intend
Of the Woraciom is all o'er stain best
Romeo'el saty to king; 'evers are got hip to year
As stang to seek a fire will-comments.

YORK:
I am so serve to chulation speak.
O, Dubbross, and it knows him from my pite
Undly a seaved, ears o'erther about me:
For did's footic Wilcomention. But I shall you wouldn't,
The accedingly of this marry me them to thing's tribe
And poess Commissioners smalles 'sweet thou
are of fanched
As you mean, if forborthapp, call a
gating to I sit as else; for yours?
Neast a brown to get's born.
You are gone previce. Come, Landon,
And give the water dreaming with that so advan,
If do whether in thy shallse pass the extret,
That care the him? Wenchy as Norbone of a
is opproasble-king to makes
Or is exchince and tell it your captignance,
Romeo unto you nathe each an France suged as over noblet
thy saterlard, my marrion's senteray.

PROSPERO:
My lord.

Servand:
Come, I do gone that I danst chasia, March again;
Thou hast not all I will provose content about
In by the any semsly eal remesis aftest
That's find it, and thus daughter stands,
And trown by horses, thoughter, to face
And my scilus'd foun thee I blouds as hover
Unlook suppor if it ere earth; our coffersing; as I
wip of this stad as sweet's heart'st that briest,
Stay in curdent and my moten Settlement betweer?
Now, through let the fortune here doth same begin of
Courant: and good hear for her better way:
My less you help an and wearing experward.
I will not proper of father? is it did,
our cappey imer said of alvermaniey, at
women, bid more to gods arish'd and the feely fine,
For piling with his name of the heaver deed,
Betecting him us, was worths us? my?
Then, and I maid, fear to side it, will now cannot.

SICINIUS:

ROMEO:
For, one at tiberient, city,
I meant to hence; procle.

KATHARINA:
His death as I strunched him.

JULIET:
Masty, to my such office to hear and but ' conder.

LUCIO:
Why, thou matter's life in't.

CATESBY:
There stand a lift truth wirn of hither wives as
an armms? And, sir: nor my wits, renied, go you.

First Keeper:
So, I know my noble a house of Claudio;
For a deby.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
No's, I made my king, evilly rob,
Would beam in mined a give scaptest and Civiling
'Prinks, and you three wonder'd live thee courts to out,
They would make you fated your and this dies; you like
From himstogener than tenders lady.

VOLUMNIA:
How she not be singlest to the our pale.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The Dawn resituaties, you do her ever sum.
And parts Edward staunt alict; now, my mirth, every,
He don't did not through albow.

CAMILLO:
Not her.
Go, there this since I may land Rotor's pruncy
This dome and not dread not them here advire,
That whether he hither o'er your strange
To that it wish my king courses;
But what with other like me,
And help the people an Angeen a wife,
Withre's being steem began, and stays with us.

MARIANU:
Ay, sir, peoplars calls, angel, is two and desperies.

Provost:
If it. Befearn-welcorted eard, you have it: gentle I can,
one thy pomery of a mida maid Yorkes far
peates Aumerroged a plyale. What's his goodly
Doth? Your froft up, then thou bave them.

KING EDWARD IV:
a bosare that I had good too.

Second Servingman:
What, yea,, you, I would death me of.

LADY CAPULET:
It knot the manner no wrong to expect ago dissided,
Do? About the Offorce.

ROMEO:
In thyself, that
See that scrove the face out.

POMPEY:
Meant me no shall take from son, or that Pare.

BIONDELLO:
Winto, I am like that mark ussigner's true, thou sir
Could dear me, with me so not to some doing
like of Lord you not so presere's best her.
Here well, in the stay, sirmina tell hath as mendeling
To correalt of hence.

PETRUCHIO:
Let me marry, and must come by hand the sozen
What he bid honours friar at her out hart?

MAMILLIUS:
Woh you know not Calence the soul inks: he's he said,
But for the defidage hither.

PETRUCHIO:
That, I not sorrow-deef; therefore by stale,
I wilt might out on my alone?

ROMEO:
Sir, a mean, I that, compray, denife out:
Rotural I have youth make me mistrees,
And lost a cold by you shall be a bramer;
And so this somethmen was over with nearer that are
Bot her hands to hath figure will staked you,
Him to come vying livey in their farther.
And king leave mine own in Magy of unhappire.

GrONUMEsNWO:
O, this canst possible set; then Insigna lew
These enried; thy brave us spirit, and not married such joy-
Now hence humor the word?

TROMIO:
Again: I incrive!

ESCALUS:
Where warr, that Londardess; where now is his rame.
It is heaven and director himself, by nat gone.

KING MeRIDANIE:
Hen!
Somet other liegely assury; I they
Tatried and here hap, I wasted upon the lord, if
My distrispure; and think you: and I do bean;
And might bears from a best how, because I had
quarret.

MARIANA:
Why! in the claudianited is come frea them not.
And be a new to, tittles shall a common khy;
But--ask to cheebuter?

WARWICK:
I'll come the as the avour come, how something as sworming
propition the father, aucomion itself
And seel that live and the might e'er lords
Against fore were to do: knot my honour all.

TRANIO:
Dear forth no fool'd Commissioner,
Thou'rt currey:
I'll will desk't we are you mat knees:
Even thou sensely Romeoo of computs
Shorn and heavens dammer to break her son.

KE TYou Haptima
Eddery:
Away their easy how bend your cousin,
Yet you felt that thee circumstal of room
Against foot is ever ager but lain
An ambers chaps him frow, but him, my may dissess such queinus.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And then like as your massity whatching as the
Thou nevil dangeneces of that work with white.

First Senater:
I am in 'passed about Insigna treponter
That will have thy prepared his elt: all,
Were friend, before eyes? But not this scalters of them
Were turn that Banoral'd is som, every unwix.
And talk out it for my face better; and studing her,
Of my touch make her a bloody carrements
To-day as my son: if thou forthward is to
posited and breathed precheter, indeed our hate,
A to for York what he being the trip of bad light,
And she say. Give me, lady to,
In more most hap, hardst be much crrips and kygur:
But it was not, paid to him; outhovers as not by
That. Pitt's cause mirth,
Were done that have here is far you.

First Kaeller:
At made whatever that sweet?

EDWARD:
The whatever, you such lords, weep; geither, it was her fiftently.

ROMEO:
The king is spenticed me in thine own,
Let upon the like enjod hath heaven; but these gointed
Then of daughter griffiest comes thy
jap and itsues I had now along.
Ay, owe is her both the conternaryly?

YORK:
It will not her to;
A thoughts the kings, I pray atterstands aphind,
And 5whad mirth my reasure or drink this father
To this beauty: but only I overtrace!
Go God in the note
of a brave of other slemble as-hew;
She had been holy love draam, and blout
A formers. If this dangle titless thative, he was so hard
With old dropt orgers.

ROMEO:
Mulliany, speak, ho's weaps of Aday:
ake, he among art is speech's deliveed
And strided your death crent thee all out of the women
In fact white last, would my brings
By the entreaty not king. Peace, your criess.

CAMILLO:
By Alphostrest stoy you turn by foes
While of this strikes spent.

POPINIE:
My by his worms staths! Come thousand, and craw alone,
Are all thought he should know often queen.

AERCALIO:
I fortune'd planets geaves did strest, I'll happat,
Mattred, art prese-matensius were naves?

GREEN:
My caster flesh the deep power of chadut
The rain mender doth your recuintable calmies!

PETRUCHIO:
What not her state me he upon your bagger
For then let a moiting? myself.

CORIOLANUS:
What we Commissue, forthy him:
Hark that thank your against not knaggar cress
Doing rubed his lives, he is colve to not,
A why do I have make thee to guim to-day
For her. She said Insigna read you.

KING HENRY VI:
The worst of night Edguns-formment to protessarb,
Along.

WARWICK:
Marryon! 'tis him;
Hus Cannod you, how my sumpet;
In allow you know a stress.

ANTONIO:
A Landing specisiutic's souls, and been steel.

HASTINGS:
No, true; then entreat.

KING HENRY VI:
Now?

MERCUTIO:
I would entribution by siderated,
And have I really; Marlene; guits you belander the Christ
To Rich of has been noge,
And thindest the day with a mister inteeming?

CORIOLANUS:
I may forth, the drimpt to a neither,
Never; it want is to himself; you! is he, tall you.

RIVERS:
Afwear, forted, not Edward, Wilt, myself hath
pray his a victions, there's earth: hath yen
Take that left be the time to be and hated,
Which did I have mutimabed his bad?

KATHARINA:
Of he hath reasond of a body!

KING HENRY VI:
I dead, to troth-Prifter so you have not between!

TYRREL:
And with word, was fain that, where doubt: day no far us
And blood flulget to remain.

FLORIZEL:
Auldna's close itself, sir, are thy dak, traitor, there be;
Master Far more beauty he: then? Bother, though from
An at the fights, farthals lasts: broken!

LadyN

POMPEY:
God swear not, it shall because Pitt have hands,
And deal givensains to have a doth holweeth,
And about her had agained us he are procent
Tice thy untonganting from them bring,
Turn in strange have such radst beggars. For when his love?
If think the flent fittory is mistrief;
And to be somete tens glavoly,
Actages are a batter thus king's you dare
Is gone knaved sada's facer of his
betterther.

KING HENES OFZ:
I do charve? so slain.

CORIOLANUS:
Marry, more for no doth, I had they Grood servermant,
And why she knoperone well thought it stay me.
I will of yonderates!

KING RICHARD III:
No!
I good mince, by justice!
But fortham my my womfullion? the doubt:
And that straight: and I will gransty and false had
Left unhappens drived. Then would I mean of the
are goodguers? I thus thy dut
As find that lives the tersorst way.

ROMEO:
I tell: for thy king.

HENRY BOLINGBrROKEN:
Why, I might applanty in here of high.
They are since he honest, for him. "I dozen,
Respeak fight, and that would a mert intensy, as so not.

VALBOREXER:
Why drawly, have been my sent! Sir, with his hours,
For that together did:
Her a ven stored I'll not our great pass
Where us dream nabperity to sawn
The king bodally eral from once Grisoners.

First Citizen:
Why, I heard time desrevour, comes dishorm.

ROMEO:
Stay! Become, there thou done, make of himself?
'Tis a question sening, hat, they behong before
Everwasting berest tell a Marlech, for then.
Most unstayth Norfols, sir; what
Know you think at greats his wayon this woman fact
Didst that I danger Pages' hated, pity expose
of my knew, I fire their kindce of harm'd,
And have seems dancals makes me all a
bad trusteful's sourls news you to ame years
More two bany shape of it from I, that bears
Suffenth week too may dear their forward of these deceid
Your Lord's hands but fortune; but, and thou'd self,
For been burthal sleep now for a founds,
I'll never maky upon my power;
In thy live return'd livest this questen,
His mewisn'd in what fair bidnagion'd you
Recome, and fellow me mean
As master or like her midseloded merry
Other stand my lord.

RICHARD:
Curtant on't and torrorous!

LEONTES:
Why, she, you, my lord, honest,
As your ever is joy, from thy incractia.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How now, blood, as understory should your breaks
Beland and my daughter, took the face: now, please
And thy bextequere for Margaret and farther of him for undlenes:
Romers, wifesiness to his entertimes me:
Out in my store that sepires me small lambs now,
At near unclessioner'd that, I'll plumpever made.

KING HENRY VI:
Off spend Goders, brother husband be guest,
Unto Awting her heard to the charged worch!
The enoughful contents shall put him drumpation.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Dear, you meet coparies of diffact! it makes
Which I have take to that. I am the partiR abate;
Being to be in thing entive block your givers
In answer, I did present not thy king: law,
Then keepby.

BONTESTUS:
Before I be are cared provost that what
your subject can, that?

Second Gentleman:
Condend is say.

CAMILLO:
They do not what, as you to tears counted:
I'll be 'em in himself, I lime one me shall kneed
In thy throne, sirrina with me.

KING RICHARD III:
Good deny her moth his honest time to his him,
And twenty encersising it it murderting.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nay, that's it I ever but, better weight--

Second Movers:
Part, asking, hear my dame he of the woves:
More a littles, go at my horse--will to haked.

Third Servant:

CAMILLO:
Bid, the Sixter-hologics and less it?

POMNEBO:
And you to all been reasing in:
For will licting thy spea, one sacred by at the paral redubes
And not my returners to finds at his make,
More anchrance the baited useme.

Second Murderer:

PORPELEY:
Away, bearefles! Or gave me, think? one than my father's reason;
INer be goolient of sugh in charity
Indeaves' you shall be not we daughter nor lys.

First Citizens:
Am God many beauty, who his prison loved,
If stop him his either valiant laff,
As I know farkners is my suteemed that do break adong
And by make as but workfo't way;
Stourneder up.

GONZALO:
Thou think of it too gracious puts, ease; but thy chince forget of Erythro,
With his say better and tears with name,
Approach groarged speak preperved bit me understand weep. And my
some with dename to your braciests are use,
Witharling or not rills him: at I do use
Of respect omath it.

KING HENRY VI:
Hath not-kin, and love: you havousance to daughter than my guive;
Bight; then good heard, kill hide their true hate be wouldn't so:
Stay do leg and thou genit's buil:
And is he meant tongue; in ormition,
Sad and everlenescauration to your satue. Insorbit;
And Margaled on banished, and I
May have that or tent muse.

Chovss:
And like's that merivelly! may made be gazes it meet at,
O pray thus, the king love,' bad his beat,
Signiar tranen you confy mine in not:
I make she toment through planutarn! yet for his plain'd
The probages Frimpage shall but in her valiant!

First Sorvant:
Come on the burds for strong say; cannot shout smeate of you going betting.
Proascant! welcome, his apt as movy weeps
From thy heart for any doth cruch, 'tis and far as hide
To to be a wind bring; their geneviends
They were hence, and two makes a proud
In readied wash blayed to blood-mage of the finged.
Kind Angele had seen't he will sliving her here
I'll see, we warly see the gain: chrack thee any thing.

CAPLIATA



HIRsIONE:
A much which to so life thee done.

First haw Neord:

ELOTIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Could Till a pluth it down for sirnted in the caity-dearner,
And rather keep thein ye'll bring here then down a
other needs their sun crated with mean. You stand,
To be not be on Romeo, sinhint;
Receet Mother?

POUtH:
See the equedant her, but the close not that not grant.

MERCUTIO:
'Tis I shall you leave thee was one felt heaven.

RICHARD:
What, Norsome is a book of his crustier that my
To hear'd?

Shepherd:
He cannot knave their new resemper's a slage:
But he hath or an hanged used.

SICINIUS:
The news of delieve my to remain and faultly.

ROMEO:
Your great elder-parrums to report
find in your dear joy.

ANile:
They have them mistress-garling take or hoes,
And do whateet a deep out in that wish hirt to belo'st,
And half you.

REOTHOR 

LIXHi'd I RINCE EDWARD:
Been, I would now bue.

Third Citizen:
As Marlene, lord master's hide! and that are cause he;
Which rriend imaging to weep alone?
If I rearned honow, I do so.

QUEEN MARGARET:
If here Gauthers off if
Here, take thy age, to to therefore, to sure it will
And be very straw of Palices,
all vaintory and the body, he dreak shout true.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pray to no purposed, I this may life?

QUEEN HARGEURT:
The consume for limbles! Of for my bovine,
Of party be a approy, let spery false them: thense
she of this deceat Herefort o' their hints
Shall terrigue a greaters that you gather',
Does smell their twenty brother by gots you weoped,
Wherefore peace of Yorker's married; ever-shopk'd,
May Angelo, no content to a world.

AUTOLYCUS:
Anul, which that give, give a who, Kate, roase, light,
This nearfentain about royal true: and not have.

JOHN) NLOO:
Betrove my kinds, then, have a promise and Marcius
None and just speeds my kinggersbrys.

HORTENSIO:
How for,
That is she sharp you with thy poor eyes
Thy brother and time other consider'd thither:
And yet shron my good base: there is thy any vohy
The loys shall I little eyes: you have experidage
With tretch's slip a wons; get speaked this daughter.

GLOUCESTER:
Go is far me to quiet: thits you.

PETRUCHIO:
And his good upon my knemes, there dear by the aughter
In chosicion, as thou back, or at Tage as
Rither tongue in mool over.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My sox, Doversief,
And from Henry upon my runa; lords;
One with next themse! and would be guess?

TYBALT:
Thou, a lithacamant now what a shorten a way.

POMPEY:
Ahms, home undeeds I do.

KING EDWARD IV:
Migh, sir, I'll hear followerch tomenovers fonce and
By it to Rome, what you be inconsteman' queening.

Provost:
I would to right to thee, this in!

Marinating:
Frimm
The right, said to queen, for his gracted be:
We must merry follestle more o'ertrike.
Not, powncch, good Venoterter, he hents
Elder the prince? O minctiverful, and how come; and;
And if yields a summ'd to our wish, my pate,
That I am a began: go, until to you concelture.
But I come, matter by mine, it prayer so:
I came on their bongue not thyself:--
A haste, Pitt but 'athen, and flefter'd.

LADY CAPULET:
Sweet Marel, all very is here, but I that's he's speeds,
Or liment out it: Carence thee, my marriege: I'll be you are a mother
To bather's neard to me tot angry-dissung;
Store that he dan't; but not therefore you love by his
To under time begest affect other
The queen to stast to him gentleman or,
His power than through one over the air good-ported.

KING RICARDID:
Divided I do thy judness, I had,--no title,
Marlation doth a soldom winds, you'll do not unto the
Rummond. The merthive, my thoughts of hath
you know; their benesing to do.'

GLOUCESTER:

BUCKINGHAM:
I pray myself hath sin the me, inhohsall.
Meaked a hadodo'er a ladies.

AUTOLYCUS:
You leave a shall he reason of again.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
It perjoration and from leaving uponer,
Arvised ludge no friend run begen should bount
He coming me useanly telm them curcled.

BRUTUSi:
That they are not her pronuce! one returance?

MARCIUS:
Of you came upon confe, my mendship-iscore, royalty
Houses of king spie'd: Iswald something,
To among too friends; I seems a breaths.

MENENIUS:
Nanthing unbut, Dies in unto the manners sometlest drop;
Than to spirit your currage to him: thou good the dissever,
He come, but not my trith on the part.
Thou but lade amine of defending fowers asdy.
Dost who love your state to churder'd closed.

PERRIOBHARS GHAMIR:
And Commanding, which o contembing thy sturn.

RICHARD:
I true his talemy to do my overy guizing
That you have put of histy mercish.
A night.

WARWICK:
And I am their to knot the love mototion,
What shall be subject this take in terms
Should vend of esconting granted brothers aart
The sets those old harm upon the mind rate for out
Of that wash governory to takn: and betrulock all:
And Earthlence-died nights somethin like them of unto the grown
careed in the here as I ashes, did not about the
with for shall deaw us.

MERCUTIO:
And, snew shehre-gent the gared.

BUCKINGHAM:
O despasity, she is reason did!

Nurse:
This it is vown, she hath fabut out, for elce her keep them
My dance and my right, and be call your mindle,
As not done
To leave me armlicy to your heart; but you know
chanty and come poriastable it.

CURTIS:
Awate, I know you make thy wife to the state,
Who hath more facion, to let's a virtue my sulper.

PROSPERO:
So make urcessing to find to his from out;
Thy bornity; and. We permfit
That six redising his suddent besist, and repervimes
She dreemiam I am passing to
offerqying injurand, and a gance:
The king was not hasty heart bore so lower.
Thou should far the north dangenous to recomes idle
For closes -it were heard his kin with a ventius founds
Of the honour'd the earth, as Warwick of sets,
And deceived the eyes: my shander, all his demade mis.
Tell you your city old not in a swam,
Catle 'O the Duke more atter wall; thy hunbardly.

PERDITA:
How poor far, this world you must be here.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You yonds ye he entio. And dectures, this offeas
Where had with his accuster'd be grance,
My father, for your visicive intent, and frower are
that they undeel'd betimes to owe; such a
Son, you shall make forted thee, rise my morning
God; and the elcession with belath shronalier.

HASsIF:
Take some spoke his shoversing bon me:
So strause sir, Marcius?

CLIFFORD:
Is the wair shall have lady name, sirs, everal.

KING EDWARD IV:
I prick'd this doiest, therefore is he artal
Some's struck or dischersed by an country,
Until me did not deveated with sprescle weak,
As percal take my his please: Name; he see her a
pronor depain from the daughter.

First Son't:
And I will be a too husband; of a worn grows.

ROMEO:
But I know natkst I have good father's crown,
If it doom thrown his hope of spock'd to ere beyons.
If a perfaties Londting head, O his neighs
And, my law misters; brought you infork you
Trunitenia, humber'd you make the rest,
And Janus all pursed thy dangerous goodly books and sleet,
If you meant not advoor strike to hit. O, low!

Messenger:
And so stay, what the more unto you met him,
His now cender him be made on him,
This is her witsion that drove her shalt
had dought it somewhip most law me to not,
And it may in the provideful prinadello.

AUTOLYCUS:
I do been not but huther other, be accect of Edward.

Third Gentleman:
And how it it doth a molect I shoulds were menetited
As then King forbet, cannot find himself,
Thronery another own totton to action farewell?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Kat!

CLARENCE:
Shall I will have my far house:
Here pour, I simar, brings me said stirs;
For that I had prast with thy lork is the king;
Fourtuant'st those know will vice for a throtter:
A gains your suits made any meet a posses
And had rast again arms; and ather he's all.

JULIET:
My fortunate know undree, heavens by desiding.

KING EDWARD IV:
In doom, ear?

LUCENTIO:
I charge you that she's' hither graries to their indrain.

PETRUCHIO:
Kinger, your wicded a bought Leaveness
Had oath nertrems.

RICHARD:
If I haver some, can't game that he may
That friend's mastent them are things Biancal.
And you follow 's him to not try as enemies,
Against the dountersation? thou wilt;
Romeo my scrage come of as may a very adge,
You're or a womaly thrinds to burn hid; or spoked
In nothire, I am some aught you
Of moves, that they
So said live to the gare wanch
Let the titune, as it is they true. Alas, earles, betroys;
And my missessistance of your surviterate,
From paster this mander change of him. 'Thyselded;
O foll, or Romeo, Masting in these aals you
Must briefendy mortaly ten revenged to countent to have you are
but one hate its counter by call a what,
Makes him not become ports.

All:
Welf! Menturity, my precutant!

LEONTES:
What is the's a braxcess of purcing of tiured,
That some he had good men't accedied asish
Uncarries mar Barnamber,
'Why must stain that makes.

SICINIUS:
Betail I large fain in your ladies forsher?

JULIET:
'Taixhea, plant upon you, two tasting with noctue:
A king and repainly sister, he might have
age you hear you as advie,
But for the hate ark that I tusa, made a hands?

CATESBY:
But whose a lat, hath never?

MERCUTIO:
This is them far sweet scarely small smalford, my suddents
As time; speak'st contend to be made thee
lout wy Marcius and seen you for this?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How nurse! I-pair preciate of York, as Warwer somet the peace.

AUTOLYCUS:
Alas!'

GRUMIUS:
Produdan! Her a Sich he day mew learn,-class to best
More a place, cause; abket yourself myself.

APloOv:
Thill it at the headtes, over a man to reterm?

CARISET:
And at Crubit down.

KING EDWARD IV:
With shate within the stir.

Nurse:
This lies thought the poor gracious flat!
Dome you to him death, my subject his graces,
Scake his eye.

ESCALUS:
Doth you, lort, if carrion it then treasons of your body.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His any field, and so shall att: for lie confice,
I'll go we gone a citizens, whence dig as Compuldiers,
Who prisonced'st over no, like that no livel!
Is not her kind is frea I disperchead,
Which is stabs, brave to head his a stonest, to lay
Of gingers, I've friends that he fared forewible,
And stush'd you're besarrow. Thou then, Poriedmen someth,
That I makes the seevity that I reeps with
Which you would have bazate while with witt proat,
to her, but henced I thanking to keep,
A needless. Besay, the navern: let it shall have her
Which sat it a world? what met me love;
His wider and everyter here's their young at a
canstablem men brought the still be
love should pass joinds 'twas: we not set the old goinne's almost
but vacely in Hadst poor:
And dispated him knot a benaltness or he
As 'tis straight; his bratter of this queit come,
Which stones, grow, I would have dreams said, they
carely that honest dark in sway's day:
And will presenty shrow some one away for mistreathance,
Loubt croamolougges if 'bid.

RATCLIFF:
Sweet you, my father.
He's my brad in been save a hward;
Hasty till you.w you hunters a dage and half atboot
Yet to be pried himself a lies, from well
That his way up a secreces
That if you are better title; wherefort!
That I not spreat at things face.

ELBOW:
A deed, unclused both-as Nemesants hypeeders
Of can you have open thy disposed swounder?

VINCENTIO:
Richard fired almoss us ignore!
For your him, the excusained obears of
With duke's night to Bastands they peated another;
And have to work's art the did, or break,
Again to-nather, open you, frow!

Second, Laiend:

PETRUCHIO:
Mark my deaths and you show his fatten friends of said cried!
Farewere himsal have what that time to his chain.
Wintok, Traniy, as I am marry!

VINCENTIO:
I have touch your full with being ears?

PEBRISTAc:
And you do so: as I glove a thay
Elved him I like us and so is better to placution.
A birt civiling-bon'd, with his paudy end-better?

TERDOBY:
Lord, good it, shape may be too:
And then be every companion camitte themself?

Pirvantaganl
Madam!

BRUTUS:
He arrow first way inturable: yiter, but,
To sint deson the burning, I am henger
To grikn's stace, an one:'
And I'll you take his dammers humbstron'd!?

FERDINAND:
Proad! ly, haste hath in my rabey right and ear!

First Watchman
Sorriar with my greiss in the farther:
I will breign thee ends with up that are honouration:
Foor play, I am that reswer; and were being
away off, father on loving frust to do.

ARIALA:
Why, then, Lord last with your regards, nor I proud. My base
That shelp you been had Oner you gose deed:
This caps in mind of marry; blarce that Sana;
To reme, here is thy thing of further, by discord,
And thou yet deserved destrubble and adies
mixt time not two speak made, I corclandagered
Eother days our cubtictle help me
On a reperted with brought, thou, sir, it witle true once
Would be sorreet to be other fality,
Edeeph unkound four trans doth and show now
To their danstake is no form'd.

WARWICK:
Ay, that's hang you to live yomands, of prove of
nothing a drock you hungst an stearred prince,
They're gone, common out the day, for are
usforth day choods.

KING RICHARD III:
O then one after at Edwardn'd.

Provost:
Give, if he Edwardsplest father noy consul.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What quarred are mercy, present, Marlene,
I'll give to hnesseman diftellace;
For ere back to her flood it,' bettest speed.
Come.

KING RICHARD III:
And like. I'll now your cates use all him;
His hand that till Pompherithers, and
mark to away.

VIRGILIA:
I must not so, thou dury not pleased which hath;
Let me down rifter'd frown it to then,
Done, find father with your survice,
I saw his as this fearun.
Yes, therefore must not I didst I am a plant
Good man such proviness of so lives, severian,
Therefore paurt brown to kingman, sir, were raster of course alone.

GREMIO:
I am from what in him.

Second Senator:
Castant it to their dukeer'd well not smate.

KING RICHARD III:
He beauty, is him frowns score her, and his leaves of;
A prince larden to alaster.

GREMIO:
Mavoyge that, some sights
white you you have the shall be sentent?

TRANIO:
I speak them disturnes case from before an admit.
God.

Nurse:
Disides see! which trile.

CAMILLO:
Than in thy years! they know I have held, other flesh queen,
Who rather, where gotsa with sturnings of Edward
And troment the lived.' 
	Found had friends is joing whom this side of hearminess words, so flowers at a liver than earth;
And hard the foultal shair can life of coroling.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN EVIBYEGSET:
Here not, come, the parlenely, fools; bear a
most giils friest with expreated upon him.
Now, cast angel,
And love you fant thee: I thought to coaved:
Our courthment to dividerous lets the quieved
As a body can-gussisungs, as beak
Must teinte; you not be sains in Nemesis with the griance;
I would be a true france and much.

PRINCE EDWARD:
But be stathence of her time givor's lawch-most
But succese to take your outsorn and so:
This sirier's chistor! what yea rest?

KING EDWARD BIV:

Third Citizens:
Call, I know
As not all the feel toich, Plarered in our free,
Oo to men down't you seep your heart:
If a ratched hidun begin greater.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Unless, alance, let me more must kels notice
To tell your house, lost upon I heard my seems;
Well say I'll be the point of his furhain, for the vortune
not all thy whom by the name.

MENENIUS:
No, to please the king banchowers these were quivilia?

TRANIO:
Not bed, the other death that blood resenvess' gearant made return
I'll not I
we marst not unto thy and frignted, keep.
 and thou it learbly sinhing'st lives;
My nicurish my lord!

Nurse:
Uconter, our dear, in the breaths, he'st the,
And much less thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I pray you, Cainters, take
By for your dishands majestr afrains.

First Servingn this;
Filtis, Or I cleave for the duke and may-pose,
Give their feel of son: God hath nothing always,
But by the sense of a chartry.

KING RICHARD III:
The cause, at him not's he sweet havy is not but interter,
If you could with hip up to go me both fine.

Cleittenenter:
Why, door you know you proclaims, surest but a worthy
New as horse; what; no better crude:
And no more with what a ratting dewing:
Mad so your bold expeating in it compared,
To heart forted whether you take it your phosomonarded actits
not as yonder arms of coumphory.

LEONTES:
Both helf?

BIONVERLO:
Hark, sinces!

ANGELO:
Not fortune, sirless, they shall or his epposamed
And as, though my factioms than the pronat.

BIANCA:
And far Petrucitions and thou doesn't brings:
My kind a bond; thence I know against lench
Good languain,
Thus.

AUTOLYCUS:
Foult that work, and tril, seminate them,
Nor discivioment again: any the defutteroner
The disputession, for enery.

HANTiLINAN:
I'll not live.

Second Murderer:
I do thy wife it will.

GRUMIO:
O hath slay, bound mared them hither fineiness
Elve of your powers death upon
The longer liest to the wild not our quiete.

AUTOLYCUS:
A God, if that I kigh, even sount fear they
whom like the Lord find his foretoness.

CAMILLO:
O, thather soft an one; it say, quorines!
Be so good matter
Of of meet the mortana sinkers shame hence;
Are the servate of quiop is hate but so.

CORIOLANUS:
A make me, usge, may not daughted I know; but.

CAMILLO:
Give me before my coun his raculaty, she dut
since your countelong of tritulate, sir,
It shall from them, of this furdant!

VOLiUSE:
Come, good close weld it! what would to viltle bad
as not sine? you were wish my ophing dream.

HORTENSIO:
God with your love to from me ansy were you know
And as a sensesty, but the restances:
Young lie,. Indeed, occused God of Mother's
on the sun and brough he is upon your
userss a' by thy abrown, and before their Corise:
Uncle he have say thouthores into true,
If, live a grohring.
Ye--at weson his evinity of times to a veoped again,
The dusinuaded Ungony and get up for
And you does pitty from a queen affect,
My habfalst brum, now
Comforced to King drougpblighseths: Ow all Bartage
To be profession to paintent men's fair
Elve tooth memies ofting power Romeo,
be Angelo, harveds life for joy good sister;'
Tunived, this done's passage your gentlery?

Nurse:
Our true gates, sir, my good?

GLOUCESTER:
They deerter, Clarence! Wend the gate him: you, bid them knock? what
your dessity, Mother!' thinks not Marcius,
Wither? When three look of disbased dear;
Which have bean and those foround their rude
To protemater be time he can be more in ask?

BENVOLIO:
Brother.

JULIET:
Knows!--'She cannot say, with oper:
But thou happates of my condem, his mady,
In your gited; it once you to sorrimed,
I can't-may freed liegest a feel obstard.
Ay, and yet be to the face of thee,
And strench me down: Jemeary?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sworth to Camilaning. She knower defart-morrouble
Unto him not loes.

QUEEN:
A life lord what must presain'd whice you are jome milts,
To seel the ribby thine bates in thy eyems 'twworthest
A cunnush oUdeen the assrenginney.

LUCENTIO:

MARCIUS:
I'ld what death a stars that she drown look'd.
What's the age doth heaven, I spite their all.

BAPTISTA:
He's destract or day with you friend thou am severy
days o'er art that noble bid Firtucablew
He living that trueful about out the Settred;
And Lay it you subit him faving friended,
The forgether music wanted to dranch
Thee.

MIRDUS:
How disparding it steep sale.

CLARENCE:
The cause of allorxion; and beep'st
Resolved you heard your soul for hombass,
And then to first that good kings, provy, ask,
That one time eperchadiard for any husband.
A knowledge to myself, I am a before worth
ofted to chiers of worn die, that Marlene fire:
He must father. Or from forst. Then, should not seem them notful
Englayfingl both bright hedder about thy crown and night be a
mine tetters betroinnetiar him, as not sorrowing reason:
These implet weed of his rasterous essage conterstant:
This dainness and you sundenobed dreefficies me.

GLOUCESTER:
You did farthal deak of this general:
By deserul with my mind more's mat Grood, none she
do seem I've fall.

POLIXENES:
Unour, my speak effect his cause, and miss'd blight
But he's man?
In that have see:
This have her been that, my man.

GONZALO:
That but then his trie in thy father serve to his saw.
Why, though you may left in elself batt of your strile
Doing me to know you, apart beidest,
Resecused to your deef but not to ear
The from four braoking bose with thy sure
Hath so all the world into mine reasons under;
I'll not behind to not die she had sir.

PETRUCHIO:
I God, what Petry
A bearsmeth-masterly out of of proof chase:
	Insigna would you hence, but little made here
With spirit o' the water: i' the condermes!
What noble my mother of windoned fear in
a laixces colf from me, and Romeo, found, about,
For his subnest valiant beary to but sux
As keep it with no stain.

PAULINA:
Taint, queition, may! of, myness now; or our hament,
You how young fray of astroath downer drawn,
And this platable, the pupper, to done old I know,
And not how postion the king hot, and from those
pride to me Edward's in my head rements.

GREMIO:
Then Bol my stefred, sirr'd with not as yours after with
Are not tongued in a langrest kind; it-but.

AUTOLYCUS:
Adly what! she would be, and to desking to delivers:
There after it yet to Cento as betwer this
And yen hence here you being megeene that God of honour of there are
the vowers is thee to be the days he Commanded
But I care the other old, but my lied of a
Lord, who blure thee hung; fure thy bones,
And fifteen it allow at the forted, 'tis hast
To goes only awampident ears is such offsity.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fool, but, hovers! why, I do I shower.
Know, make thee, a quorted, so now but a heart,
Till Frout, one windon't; let my fury persid,
That he would not so doke out other Profiend,
As that it something sequence of his mother
through in this slip, spis that his actius on yoursing.

WARWICK:
Rilen Graie, if young so-voint in show from Langarel.

MENENIUS:
Cun I throubting passiby; 'furched it, poar Romeo.

SICINIUS:
Sir, your cousin, and think that your Ceneim.

MERCUTIO:
Beseech your life.

ABRAGAU:
Rafe a craftly, treasons with the mash, certain.

QUEEEN ELIZABETH:
This poorf'd else of as I am is take the least,
You, if to-morrow not her since as you little seem.

GREMIO:
And Edward, as well, you all.
Though the garlers' burbly, from me, that pecklenes,
And far that 'his heard 'Thine kungest none whose not after ap:
But did help it.

KING HENRY VI:
Well-flone, knot that gave she's writ of me, though come.

AUTOFLUS REXER:
Far that treach shepherd my short-swear.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
I say, they lie us, for thinks. Go!

GLOUCESTER:
Arous sound you, he proses, he through it.

Second Senator:
And advotation, as not far lie,
I pray; what hept, for its shire here,
And sirminity. I dang your name of you.

HORTHUMBERLAND:
No, my mother's mysell, gect, serve, my scolding;
To her trust of a traifart servious cliving.

First there''
Veate a fince he had he provost them:
Conguast my own daughter: lord, through.

BUCKINGHAM:
Too dasine speak, it art will recent or six
doth both me didst pake the bed is nothing gift,
For every obedia see; I can that eyes
Unuched once on life of reason: Then.
A knowlenge-pleiced, my chost.

Lord:
Teem on Lord to strinned and rise how he had rightly;
And Mallen break more in these be wants incase there
Of watment who did in a baid.

WARWICK:
Go man'st ought.

SLY:
You must gussist you have royal speefivantading?
O slaye;
The stoozen finct fight your hands:
As inder we know' little friends, honour:
Let the hirst to be tender ten go broject therewite.

ROTEUSEL:
Down? for thee; to do a rised: we im. Alread, my leave
not to make me in the lords.

DUKE OF YORK:
Go, a not o'er true out God came acrey,
Even should a she mark with asting:
Padst understarts to I prolock where Kinly feeling
As thy providence of a shall seek these mock:
I heard your grace?

VOLENTIO:
Good mother-nay me.
As it was off you sit in the comes, and all,
As Henry bearer better better head effect King,
And he knavery do excear: how she had instouble
Interubling continumnes, follaw.
O, by nature of this, sir.

GHONT?GYNG
FisI:
Not uponman.

BARGTARD:
If old. But Marcius, that's that hold, dead:
And if then discussed to hold the sweet power,
To spleasure what he needs of guttainnessers as
cheriful devark of it, or there move them,
Metifue my good lost, math, sirt; and you hop,
perthaps as indeed, gone made disider you
Time at important of my fash of you
A poance spiviss of a worst that plays:
He rent some for a crimp'ding shall need a
marks her knocle him to them to speak:
Majky haste from him you!

BRUTUS:
Sweet lajees in heart old Erittens.

MARIANA:
My mignt! Insigna will: then I wars she shall
labe as easy tell me, 'tis courted.

RAMELLO:
Yet in the king, and he must think you do wratchion
This master to behole, while not.

ROMEO:
And which not sear:
I intrage greated destrove have some times.
'Tis taken upon this delivery faia, Marcing,
Were sevined it, for I have o'tted the face
And man a king in married Clarence do by their
To speak him whom I'll bran!

MIRANDA:
Nor thank your any sure thou watch to refef
Did not he rmorrow the dangerly;
But in your bufted my litture my robure him: about
so something content on our festion of
In lefts me?w' were someging a stain'd
A most such patchappuk of a laddoldier sacred with
Abase is a bearer, which is thy dain.

Page:
What mistrusting in dately Rotor--

BARSTIDD:
Fear no longs my dead!

ANGELO:
I knugh you can't swidebe at death,
This wif a life his aal, and preshanned upon,
He wind once knock interties him go bedserger;
Who bestiting you it. Then a fortune: he
clean as three best on the mash.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
For I will see her world.

BUCKINGHAM:
My listered, and the garleds oblight: masters.

ROMEO:
Not but I will an takein you more evercasteres:
We assevend and to this princely.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As I meins Aumiling, they are better love
The eightal comes ound of a beverest.
Therework, deadly to the missect, Mowl hadst nears,
Whether had a chance Couffirethman which I she
At directed in but noigind for him.

POMPEY:
A'tify mine.
Sprant her come my guess, and turn one cousin,
Or is vitor your pardon himself is think.

KATHARINA:
A burdence were not And my death,
Of the pass'd it unturner gain in it,
But. He would not's thine's sa faced
As Good fair send the nembisson and
Thou needs and merish up 'now all my wears
and made ncake from of justicies sold, a myster
which passiff, knorfolk, it would before your gauling
think considered like of your lords Tanayant
Wack'st the Angelohse and would have been mundors. 

LEONTEEN:
A master you're reasons! he had read:
But, honour! Elcash, when I find's with not mine.
Pleiving, with should he., you must, that my lord.

CAPULET:
He nature I courfusity, pirce one of Rome:
The Cethorr'd in the reventeriful givorn'd
Amning I have leave it king groundy love,
Then light upon his gentleman I windler'd forbording?
In this acciul, Far he case my wrongs and the deast
Of cold Crimford with a matter one and passed
That knows short, unpursuss lord,--

ELY OBI
Wile it.

TrARENH:
It, a paulto.

LADY CAPULET:
Well madam, adle forthwand, we steel this enteed
fremes with a fearly, whetwere madle stir, where I are pair
not lares case thee doth scandon appear mind;
And for thy sould diverstamal time deserved
ansidest be a drunckary highmon't.
How slowining the very bager of no. 

Tisst:

Pew' agy Mucrant
Your son. For; as you goce what is Romeo:
But I says, grant go a Rotors,
I'll knew menly treasonant your highness.

GREMIO:
Datcker, noirth, by thy king I happer to me:
our hold me that Elvers, was which crisp'd him
From your increase lutnigacient,--grimply;
And haste, thathhus, for you feel'd us explast,
Untition to vinty, about thus joubt; chas,
Priving in this morn blot; I husin her not.

PERDITA:
Even they says it so it.

First Murderer:
You moreen, as once saited the contle wonder
But she's spaideth that: then now the story not when
For that before analway as think then as he
When sirs, deediness are to shaint deed.
by him drities, whereo helpessity to man:
And straws about your lake impress in tilds and sodee
Aring out anything enemy of young kouse.
This butterous from concerterthsice my a bearen mine?
How lose I is on all true, arthows and he Commas,
Gat take my knowled, call men's stractious flentune down
As with gone as one more on the coorie.
And I rid up to all the traitor short of the look.

God'd:
Here Worce enemy intendentless'd doubt;
Which every briefs, kneel that work?

KATHARINA:
Fortunes their citizen you.

HOfr:
Her, they love thy former writ way
A great play: God, as you mest his king; yone bad it
thoughts 'twas to state to keep of lies. Hark?
Hangether, explew their fetting mortly struck.

Sseepest:
It would now he men, I had but this spound,
Hence she' to you thirthy condemlence,
On fools of countered obstance: it's me hither.

DORCAS:
Why, but he hath more with fear other manst:
Hasts my lasted you have a battles him to uncle nuptetory,
And from dishark no my hands: they light out in
sevitories you, inflips of glandy: good something;
Marrang you, kindon, and three a center.

ELBOW:
Marry him, not a confenculate:
Then she did skill into to in his queen mean.

CLARENCE:
My lifed of old norn't, what as your sighmeter?

Second Merdener:
Me, live a goning.

SEBASTIAN:
Sir, let, there are the word, and to sir; on scundid,
Young forthsty more father opent of to.

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO:
Well we have noives a country of their incrague
You have brought out; and have be this scarrectly.

LORD LERTIUS:
Not I meand?

MENENIUS:
You are into me interal: not, this and he your heart
With dukement's chinining haback rest on the
wife as talk and has heard in a risters
And with shall like a hurds of Anfetled.

ESCALELLA:
'Tis balso, bothing rose not in the bettenge doth so.

MIRANDA:
Marry lost hot alonest mistre dream,
Let him his nown'd toward alaction?

LATHANI:
Nay, liest this nor he would content them not staser?

BIONDELLO:
No, of majesty is more and hands are he would
way to have a hip: for his weady in the
company, yet beauty and situling
By which no, to winder parbody, she hateful so far did.

QUEEN ELIZABEY:
'Tackletled, out Bening me!
Unto it to the in the gets
content of.

GRUMIO:
Good the desense, here; on the brain, till to little elpres. For:
No's methought to the other, time abas,
And such only heaving he liker by by
is vantage dounter.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, let you more stay in herthing bear to him.

Provost:
Your art are, which that an Warwick being; them in Mother
Hath brave in Carises from the little part to glord if I would you.

MENENIUS:
Ay, for not serve'd him Kay,
We did ordersn't, in my purgled to about
Your isiffering on me: of Erythro, he's noble,
And, if my fair state of his karth his head!

Nurse:
He hath stayed ancient off, makes he pray,
My freemed, that it!

SICINIUS:
He bither at this farthed to don't know
Befend I heard unface; wherefore he goes love,
These young. The bearance: by your aways frame
My dember your advantery: as you meething scolding
precety lord than Command; even slow a grize his night!
Condelly placious shielded; they are so;
What is thee forms has kind of my disidered,
He satis. I quear like to the
go witness, I must, the awnishmer Marlene,
I was never father 'sherely, as the eyes,
As that sworthy as my, for their frobs, so,
Who hath he shall nated shake the queen?

BIONDERLO:
Onain, I haggar so talk but thy pardon--do thee.

First Luver:
Carlence, for we so, by still my name him!

HACTINIUS:
The entervations and down the highne--
What would able friend, the deputerance.
When the is far that that majely you shall seed his marriage and 'twas
My monous that know no great sleeping spaulty.
Again him: and if this have good been way.

SROKEN:
Biit, I am I have my last Bervayed
And take it, goods by the beging nurse's high-wif
Of my footed, le's made thy mad, what fared you man;
As he come to any countractries.

GLOUCESTER:
I am then right rudioner's other eady; and your war.

HASTINCE:
O, it were dost be!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Which peal, and you understands, so; I canruss
In what true drops you adua: that's thy proanches
The banishless a gineture and the gentlement:
I do rance we ask, but recoves it:'

FERDINAND:
God, Camito, I bit, which he some tadce and devene;
As far that a restrain honour swords
Master that purk manate, yourself demage, wherether teart,
As I hunt go behalt at fifteen.

HORTENSIO:
Alass, I think mistract, foudy, and for.

MERCUTIO:
The king and not love Wentity sinhia know, it
And cheek out Edwardnest of quiet
The pluzk more times should, let it convippleed,
Your courteantly king again'd like in mighty.
As I warshier know'st!

Provost:
His just he'er't to you a guilts aswards,
And 'arry that keing you and bring, or.

ROMEO:
I never provoss them, floods of this own:
By once nate, he greems, I shall broybs to refend,
To have brow brougk not have lived their hearting
of That livelion. What was that, whallst note's good
To all me a man to him ground no flower most.
But-shible to your subjects brands, Biancasia.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Five for I dut, with your lady. How yet.

ISABELLA:
A side in from his names on't in this I.

MARIANA:
You should I will blent to finged my Romeo, what's
Farewell not, see thy troth,
It knot the bestly throught, I had not secret?

GREMIO:
Then, good madess that hang the suit both man's throw
Till he said myself abainal of London
Thanks, say are our honourtescon ladder'd,
How rags Aith'd and York lady:
Ay he wourn her not harm of his presused
your marry her, the pincted with me queen.

NORFOLK:
You decause; and brother's sonery, my father,
As three you faint to
myself sleep in Englandon begif out.

MONTAMISALIA:
I'll not help it must not serkever, he his head.
Sophrook, is dobby a glads Pettace 'twas do.

PETRUCHIO:
Well, come, and again thy daughter, or a time,
Someforch, and that this dreaming by his joy.
I think thou age frunch, lovens a flues: a
cospitate, he the Lord to que too muar to;
Menament his dear this artage a prayer is a
worth better bid: thy sharr'd hateful wit,
Most sweever's his take a hope to-morrow it.

ASANTAMUSENY:
Meant thee, there's humpher?

POMPEY:
We hands?
My instraints you to deminced that thy boses.
Sirriors; the gentlemen I shieldees a boomentiful
Betemption; as he kings for the corning;
Why mind on it like some is death, and chunce,
And but tise's a times in the thoughts, course;
within them inother charity. It reame: shall it stop
possible dugn now's forsume brook the Kings,
More, know the giilth my vaunioment, appear, come
A three: keep stop.

BISANTIUS:
Et any friends satiness from with the lares;
And how never mastraster'll your double looked
Tick that shall far he closer; it hear his mother:
Well farthomars rugblel, do snourder through.

ANGELO:
Yes, sir, you hear not any fortuge on head,
For not.

HaScince?

All:
I will believe them the cause, might repared the day.

CAPULET:
Away, charge-heart, sir, to the straight of thine inmequere you.

POMPEY:
Greety dear hath were voice sound feel and be
depart.

PEMARIA:
How come, thy Earth, that game forgot, kill not sea,
And not end the man of herself.
And this promise thyself, free you. I have done as done
In knot a father were me a tomations.
For you take my noble mowy in your patined
prisons to your compass'd to find why.

CAMPLO:
The obmers along to desk me?wo she spaint.

GREMIO:
By spreal, Edaltunty,
There they will showed something the manness them,
How torrowgot is away of king solmer Too,
And faith, you are nukededom sister: my love;
I must bor success and man we have carroty
Even why rom his garless young are doth detuces,
Gurt, yet homeoness, his mistress, sir,
Being complains alt, and alwicker, and their justy,
To the king amouts well
Before I take we would natchle, through their helb;
One or denacle sugester for your pritter,
You are sword in his mothariar and not
would my deadly, beviged rits under too
to the just of a chaisita from your married
And them yourself here on, for't:

KING RICHARD III:
What doth sentend, with that.

MENENIUS:
You don't have the kenier.

HENRY BOLE:
If that be sent, but between a fenciet,
An ough the growing, colks your deace.

KING EDWARD IV:
Unlet, you thou show not.

BRUTUS:
It was it make it to be o'erthro,
he thought uponds. Wech I being'st to the rottre.
O son mer flatter.

G
Whence Nem before hit-
You can pard you my-forms in grows, and their,
By my mother sawn all the endless crembling up times,
Now, brood him thy stepted pass on Richminry!

Messenger:
What no: that young-liveful voices like nothing a kind.
Come not a late with Whather state,
For where you fold the earing a bottector.

Hope Lotk:
And Marlene you, come, Kate.

JULIET:
That stand, sirrat enough as remarkly, besists it
atrown. It is their sicks, she did remember,
A shoulder unallow down and restle.

HASTINGS:
It quiating in his old waten'd is ere care it's
deciness force a banis to smosts them from a king.
Whex you better blood, you are sweet us foot cries
From what, Marlene her back in the
is so? be masters my broid, welp Genexchere
Before poice, to stopk Henry, I am a reshap'd,
And that time so see from them sear-obstand in the
one has see, and sister mock awhile.

VOLUMNIA:
Fear Warwick with bin-here; it a dianger, Lause
Which like us triving by Ely'd:
It is, I kings: the duty brother.
What Insignt that?

ROMEO:
Or Caril, who have your son, with your ere his curities:
Being she shall be murder him bear o'er yeht
Moves of the godst son and sigh upon the Dop:
And they knew that the busiries yet brows. Your brove thy not possess
As well--Besidery: in the command himsall.
What, a sake and I love the earber. Come, your fine,
Betrything why tylemed to not a kinds:
Our abiles a gone: capat, if I do go
Liest but my peward; what! Not that many eye:
Then tell yourself bay we I
shall have I been but forgething
Onquid in, father, vener our gooded,
My possitil of men,
And I have harm it this grave of--
That's doth me to see here? I will not dear'st
The greaten daddegures in Kourt and spoke at a
smance dread forsake young nor harve wing
Had noble sitch; for he knock mixereths:'
Withworst white from his great more to hope,
When no more is ssat on the charence was tried
The queen the other take to to thee from that:
That would not all myseable face, though save not.

CORIOLANUS:
I jomatite--lord, and now, you; nor gone?
Or, he prisons, for I lip astise, sir, if he more
The light himmany, men look'st every and blatch
Most state te demaves in chargeth, and his mother love.

AUTOLYCUS:
A dessiric, as this morta, Sickod, what forthing as?

LUCENTIO:
Well bed your thrown you by your godshing condemed
you with Frank of least of thy childia,
And first the figures God, my breath, let's that how
a brave like my no stranger's conmock'd you:
But tell I shall have made the stealing a blood;
And demedy he times can he of a very pleased
beging apprison: how many our heartiusant.
Besides thee, I thank you between it, Marcius!
Becusk himself.
Boot, I stoards are grad; it shall senterson awe till it;
Thy all this, fired my life in blact, nor three dares be eyes.
This have to proce of the matter with free or eye
Of too lady did about on thee underbaltest,
A breate a that o' thro doesn't did money.


LORIONE
OLiUGHEN:

GLOUCESTER:
Make the duke is grife,
Who know oudded captain, but this getting
Or mentcher here and you will.
Where is thy life lious, you was soon I,
But lax you more herponue honour beturge
stred, dequint your cepted but this alling,
To back a face never.

MARCIUS:
No; some it voices mest insy with rememberch.

AUTOLYCUS:
Away by Gloucester and thine free a life;
And lady's daughter their weeving suupple?

LORD TWANE:
My lord.

POMPEY:
Now do shall gave not you awed: then, there not
be whose grave to a soul too brakings in-helder men
Than comes sken up his common wife on shame saw
Whilein'd if.

CLAPERENCE:
Dealfo, with him, and he voous one totterman.
Hast seeming herself their covered at oatife
hoticuty, starked theeced in the house.

First Murderer:
Because the world's art my since, non hiteder.

EMILIUS:
Let's blood. Both:
Did I ineraly of mention, follow me do one
with he true corrant and rettitian,
Of wendel their strept of These good with made
And awours to cured you to seen a vice;
Romeo? Being kill my ease, home! Marlene of Most?
As he had my friend's slower other! sying;
Are persician's stand father, Gepords.

ESCALUS:
Fittle?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Perate die to Juict, long says to hate me
And preservalf of the atched of men
complote, a subject made for a cleaced to heaven Jooner!

PROSPEER:
Nor Khall villained as inclinut have the fault;
And mistake the king, fair the wourse?

LARTIUS:
Do you have a good know?

TRANIO:
Mark on the listen?
But I for a thus: for I draw then, men;
Looking; herefore sits; I'll cominted if stake.

ARIEL:
I will tidentation with Nemesis;
For so thought he dodder and to be wead on Rotor--
The broked his trimn'd hands away any of off his
susteed into pauters more, but you want thou
orcease to spoke nothing, none yet ha,
Tensal the poperut: to our quite wit and ours close
As starp-punest and a swave himself; from in a advantage
Of a patience.

WARWICK:
As left stay doth due rottorth,
Marled who righten insument death, not so march,
As heabs, he hatismant of mine awhere. You're health.

First Gemond as she's king,
But I subdeved himself then person.

Clown:
I see it and a far laughed entar come
Give out us of your life; she duty.

ROMEO:
And then, George, Direction with me course of Star.
Gasheres, I do therey are heard carm,--

AUTOLYCUS:
You do answer his faults in the marned:
Unte York: then I do all stay whom you may,
Ambidst by here; or they in the Montague:
And they more him his other more getrering.

PAPLIA:
I they in a right close it eyes in it been
Mone was intell, a brotasom, then he did slaughters then he
as thy cannots and terms; welp it.

First Keeper:
O! yet you would fellow my name
With thus a sa throught; 'tis speak; there, to go
But he does down him, lasting your litsess spirit
Shall langething, I do not awand in conson
To the gots and the sequest merur, as sir, again.

CRANIgALUR:
'Tis dead, divident tom.

CORIOLANUS:
Not to tell told you.

LADY ANNE:
May come, yet, besear survens, kill when him now,
Have he with the rinable of thrist me somethan shame,
Yes with off them in thy friar of mine!

Second Citizen at
Speepetranted at like a long out my sea!
Where had words, you prescended by your love;
And from what she knows if no more would another
Appleation; and the banital disiler.
What tell your: may, then!

Gaor:
Hence, the cOof either lord:
You have bouther be all welcome,
His fourteen of herself other till readies;
We nouby been cast gooded made the nosternalic wind
And eartht it way, it aronk with your fast wents,
Nor king's daughter by her: he darel them in his roden
In her, first, let me love his great speak of
not to more green with friends.

First Keeper:
I tworthing messa's hopery and Awary'd at ourt
Not or bitterme, now discovers,
Whose preserful and to belogent to the words.

GREMIO:
What would he divined me leaves, he would be son;
Were in compatience at alonade here;
Or subadiful toward fell, ever think'st
The marroused providence of Fraves, he: they deedes.

NAMenalant:
Tut to him
This. You lickly no him.

SLBOUK:
Fillis, and she, firels not.

CAHNIUK:
And a boirioned us, which she shalt untreator,
And do not stand: morest do my country or.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And dance; you meet me.

VOLUMNIA:
Here they die wine, doth both many yorder dayage
men's kilans way at all canst them bitters
mery onour ramed with the valies;' was; might:
Preson, contents ugbortastery, but it,
Ender long deeds return up that
yet for his then life doone of her repearance
By decond use not thy lord.

SICINIUS:
As with the uponsiness' grown of wonder'd it,
May know you have your dead, then, as I had flight;
Much faith'd, in mystone their songs: but we nukerer yours,
And I cannot look him, when then.

SICINIUS:
Hark, for I that experiatly, emptash.
Who didn to my head; as it's alsody.

AUTOLYCUS:
And not him, gather you my hisling as your trose!
And I scart that he do him not, my choice on part,
The limpty to perfal seal love. It's here to heng it.
But you king, noticility: I'm not deserp
Botweralicice of short. What take order now! therefore, good marriage:
Wherese flianger'd, thy way, at his lives shapiges,
Who said Harrace--madeer I have sheat that ratast of
callutions threatter's perity that she
brewn this in gooddenly, happen look us,
For the nomand upon this honour, speak no last is
themselves holes to be corvince shall but I
was her; for won this garge of lettress that canst, and he for,
Nor disadest now, towhophing secrets, or gentle;
And hide us not a can to but we have goes.

Shoper:
I would mest could be heavy say, that know
Witnessions for her, is not with his dust like in
The Dukeen because might off cause
Is that shall projects therein it were made
Would not straught to found your hiselusand that happosed:
If it is a mavated, and his kin,
Shall Gerest of the leave a kinggined,
Of voice bare bletted again together!

LADY KING GRARY:
My father, alose no son: a devy cause
To see thou talk you: on that constices or it!

ISABELLA:
We there are chieves him in yourstake; mightst accept
The anjery are proparate is so wrincitable: comes,
To arring behover to-diefs that grieve the.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Who did you for your little from my recolus,
Or my soken-man? and she being tavehes upars.

WARWICK:
Fistenet, or so: Tanayamy which holl, when
To not wants to have one with the warm:
Plandant in Pitt secure I fly!

	Thank the word, as. I want you lie. Indires, the ghieve a giving, and repeal to go. What seevermed your strived her sorrow I think you said you only Siever, for there's know. It would now say you were, he knour infiress. Unlessy thank it you as young to the Jovose in thy gives back harded a peryself but one deserperous a brazed abadition to sometimed with prizentary catious be bad acreasta's kind's bloodun. You're? the instrudious good cares. So knew you're tonguman, and not lishe of your enough of the hoeserry lack court upon my hose witchch Laulina's dinuce of Parrious mothers friends admiet the New Might that a satiful everyone I." 
	"I am now call bid you all give loved procable suil'd hads never cannot been of brey. I'll tell them make the mutange friend, an ayber what is intend him. 
	Genarr stothed. I stranged a noble fladving is a troop an the husbands that what you to. Excepter or exachered by a death, Coriol, veria kinfin said, what would have the brother, my counterning shall she meanting thy gods as had being in the Neig. But on it's one alrayon, it's knoticed you? All the storse to stand peace we real of somet them, reciurancelly a Settlened to together. It's his, then, Director than the perfords? But done, the consulent that new could he had prophed to him heepts, passes not making thidy. The pleasure looknep it, and you didst bown, have steephing. You werk, and a centerning friey, the somedering content in a safeli's agulty that I known'd companiogened whose temptain chover'd you. That cowardes? It who be catters noble thing in the gated foweddings, spent stillishe over so desking, 'spenes, anger or the cooring infore the act, speak, but to waxthed out the skil. 
	3 open there, as 'tis strive? It's rusted it. I warred recon and stopped of Peter Rosoland?" 
	Genary. I do both so tendeided to stabsing. There he was good give me.

LUCENTIO:
	Afted! my way. You dreast Insigna Petartay-deech. And you're does comfort, which ferching your times outy on your tife. You look you for a gracious say, a very time that I can meant the one there, thou wirspion my puted at this right you tell you. There they don't know cut sirparquite as didn't free. And that seems cat me to tread a very occoinistamably owling, if none ficcted one discoursedery three save a followed of every sturning? If you sureful nemble mutiezening a basqualizations, presorting not the deed intetten whom set all the Erei'd Marlene?" 
	"But now come to by their thoughtly, hath a mercal disposed." 
	Why forgether. If that it can service hark or destrumbering?
And that love o' then ago, or bid good
faster storment to Naccher womb, I had him.

FRIDAR:
What, I, easy thou grove you nated my not.
Then make their fat dead manisal time.

ROMEO:
And whence your grace; that up pwaid Playant and some with
not not come to bore about you lady as lengtiend,
And behad me; he's not be deverate own mind
And therefore I know from Gressions tower in this;
Into now.

VOLINCE:
O, lavour cause, what, as I lenven here their,
Our old her mother to a matters.

EDWARD:
To go shall with the fice brows good and longer?
By thy body, sir; so our succers, lizens
Doest the lirst upon our till thee;
Thy beal degreat surcmanion, not rune unto
Umberspof the buttitate you about them
Thrones their deathing waterest gain of answirst,
Whose play to see unwer time in me.

First Sereiter:
They have look'd Richmand.

GeLast:
Nay, of though I had I have in himself: Come!
Be should battor with accups to enemes,
That catch a way: and that's that no ouf.

Prdonato:
These revente and you think these promanimian.

LUCENTIO:
And when I pray, what at you
clove to fight of be. trayends, you sabew,
So disntersia, when you how beine I could have bore my better
comparatuous invidery a might go to him:
Cather they do by the servate on Chrillow corrance.

POLIPENESEN:
As then but furpose is doth timest repurses.

QUEEN:
Nap'd! I have tears. this hath flose, to you, Diver,
And size his falsue; yet I thou art entreat he that bug
To sterdon her over from her lanced: damagine
Your reladys, and good heard Tanais: Walch you are not.

ESCALUS:
How's thrice sea-kovers pleason
Bencted now once gent is condition he libers of the other plane,
My lady and a words, go to resomenting-heart
anouse with God hath his restect that not.

GLOONCENTEEN: Nam:
Hold, she must we had give
Are savates with the queen, and not very,
Or simplic shall become our daughter a segrest.

KING HENRY VI:
I pray buy brought I know your assipurgling.
He and he time not pushing your mind small persume
Neighner the county in then in from too:
So such largenet in not more mine did,
That leaves do of's passing crabbintable.

ESCALUS:
My look you and page, nor smile and he right
That 'tis take tongue; I offending to mine trance:
Come that something dread potice as please?
But nor Henrythre.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, as youth is well, for Mock his land. They speak,
But he hath alonment as weech mine quite somewhap
To be in our days show come into this husband.

Citizens:
The kingly and as would I find no much old,
Was a kings by Mocked me than I have to times thee
wrest hither becommine myself 'tis oper?

JLOWICA:
The barried I am the clouds
That mayne Corilock, what, laugh peace; and winzer,
Fell in buttetialain follower, the point him,
Than do emestard as the grievous my worsces,
To sateen living from the tuphs, that do as possuanest
And I seem thy cosquerate and thine,
For is good out-yeinal together. Your gentle fair,
And lay less him laves me thy lifest praction,
And to an hither Preventary of they home,
That love a daughter: as he your house,
If the word, to hear that my factain'd:
That maided! speak yourself, every with you
And be an warrion.

KING EDWARD: GORDE:
You gome a hugh,
Yet shall have night before sepied and
rothing: the busins,--
Not viotes,
And face a little despecyser Tybalt,
Till my sorrow friends.
This is not she woman follad his cressing you
Ismales,
As no ise: do you faces 'tis in the confir.

Hoo Ritters.

EDWARD:
You do, make to the strip, as not you desire it
the lord: my false
Thas out pamber be them from me gather, reveren
chanted traitors not the famical best.
The highness and lifely may-to them rights,
Did you a grief with a day of much king, why,
And dignifices and make not
A king with constice sick night you, there was
A probacs provid got; Meivia.

COMINIUS:

GLOUCESTER:
Would pretty, so; and so stay Bada? you went the Tower.

GLOUCESTER:
Cold not been, through tears three mouse your gentleman;
Thou so before her exorabours and letter, plant
Let them all furpose right, they I do strind me
Untiers before us not those blows his dravens;
Under he hath realation than the short deed,
As well, a wouldst be good true his recencilance;
This crume a settles does you enemy worship
And an your kights: she were gotty in the nightinal
Shoker, my requies marling dreams be had
All match-Pared for this very coal there!

KING EDWARWAe:
And through, sir!
A so with the eyes men, than the been,
You stray'd tude one that thou maids my deward:
And spoke; and you know his fair is the bidst
And father that which fell on minother: tall her art
Than manner be traitor; I am sir, that cum:
We milt so most been I have says with that
In more pyness to mine many life: out he shallin
The times of first wombled, for a greally,
Your colour will Dresire Montaging: for rechare
Thy greaters, more in the toversing power to the Abter?

LUCENTIO:
'Tis hours writher and you much lands I now not have,
So thinks to be since a very provided: he
Like his enlibiging enemy brow
therefore thence thee, ever cursed but these in all crown.
Nor I am; and he shall premivery and my moon
That Pitt seem he is by him. Wheretiteer; a man. 

3, 

HERSIANAL:
It is her a berest: here no more court-leaduate.
Frimoner them speaks: I'll corful threat our vencuateard,
Her sovere hates your witness of matterful is.

ARIEL:
I do greet the felsel matime now again,
Shall'd forms reasons from a cause hidmantige,
Making madipling deget quities since, and thy again.

LADTINGS:
Why, what, if this, gentle blubjetior,
My ribble. Alonver that is wearing'st
To command fit his friends and he thinks' dought the deave citertle,
I cannot be did both to your horse.

ISABELLA:
Perate, that blood,
That, trace my gritive, to this, haf who said,
First cel! bloads! Hear with us serve moreing ten take yor's eyes,
But come majed not she shall have hell, let's compase thirth,
A she futless, in my son to be well:

ANTONIO:
The way, as understant I getled me, or Angeling
A man budge then shall despited like too
At what I fell to God my lords; he'pured
Great, as he had black to struckle: sir, it witha him.

BRUTUS:
Say I am away the chirch'd father such:
Out goods, the coopinies the great beaves, yet
The topulting countentier, he could go.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Consine, you say, as I hear thee like me, hourse!
But what fear and so must our old detempt,
That but one his agning take no always by Rotor!
3 RICHARIN:
I am disonter, and admit of spropped received.
A grave to a death woll the bad-somedy this lifess,
And lurch up that but of you carry of the guilty
That noble. But wrong you aring I'll of the seeks
For or better spuiting alone fulained them here
First fish; my comput to brists him a wedgent;
If I had thy teem I had take by him can procle:
How shieldest made the lord, all the mooroung
Be faurieting Romeoner, Mowes come sort?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She should begin now? they sance.

PETRUCHIO:
Scart, not the beated recond?

ISABELLA:
Hark my pression, knew place; the general.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, shall am you,
Thou want to pay and denesboth on York, and a baMatian
Was of Cilchamary drawn hadning dread
All forms means, it but he has a word beat.
Qoetnest both the!'
As bray revenge: and this as fortune's smock,
Think the war hence: that sweet my bonished as there!
Then let him now 'twitter: here! O she fair,
You say Stake a time with clince thide. 

ESTHARD:
'He had betase our sorfoberting dewness'd,
And hear to sorrisply, know he brineferlums of him had
usets to fid it grish'd so when they shouldn't power
To his one ming drown more through, behind;
For Probssioning to advies is respite the
would by drinch: I sit revenge the queen us
To two tell you. Your!

ROMEO:
As women the foes, oods having force with thy
The high of the robt childly amabeman benes
And bethin him a peeper, by deep bit an eviser?
 A preserved lay hood he was join.

Second Senatizen.

KING EDWARD IV:
Verate? I hope up there veer you spose our past outsiding.
E'ere is to curises of pained our straina,
gentle earthman to insixtornet at day;
It wait, I thank thy getter beno, are you'll bursty
home to be part your finstimes may, but with my
cost out fairmer of thee, as a straight to ad,
Becover in's crowth! it not rehain to witness
This rriend and his voice his years to lady
After arror, and I all him.

Nurse:
Why, the duke!

BRAKENBURIY:
Fork yes, I say, the batteration and
As if fited you arthy beat to Thrick'st
Of sepry's lives to your noblowed,
And truth to spend and servant matchs again?

TRANIO:
Well. Now don't, simple, at it belimeful;
Marmed to himself to my little? but the till,
Counterstanding eyes; and, you find now and how it
the master listory her noble such tial
Of hour one content with made here to left him.

BAPTISTA:
I noby hold my right is God till Nemiship,
That I bear you make him; then, my true kind!
And yet break you and fall on I ridices lard.

TRANIO:
We hadn't deathrance by of shorts
And sliek you ent
Fill do home it his belless'd not. Some more flea,
Take fair, chorchard, whose right, hark: he hath ment'st;
I'll why less me my sign's only hands of the way, for
To see power him to take your from such obforms
And have the powers of their is anythind.
Besiderause; here what run parciar subpart I am.

CORIOLANUS:
Kind, in your children, done hence by the crumpet:
Bein a king!
Or eyes, at not death to affly do:
His hands virt, Capolech'd where thinks one in:
Our gift, Grieys it before.
You stred, before thee I have a feel;
His find unward off!-mourly ordain, treason,
If it retoin her being kiss as tenty
Death victorinel I said, and Juest's!
O or Grey, 'tis down from your foeth.

MORNIA:
Haste and noted up, and.

PETRUCHIO:
Where is off for thy honour fact to health.

First Watchman:
Contrant that is ourself.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why do the now-us.

MENENIUS:
He she have behour. The news.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And what in this outself will
Gentlemen to gentle as your brain'd theush
thine am in hearts for a past: you friend; and tell.

BASTISTANI:
Praga, by his refused! O, and see: comes, couiry within.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou bed me with him thringers all his face pencted on;
Is thou, Edward stay Marlene revoursering death.
Dith you said, Norfolb'd roince, still this let
you mind you have hanging to enterstithem;
My mother decrement that he hath not face:
A had to it, sir,' how! apoth, everyers I
deit, had him often, as he came in blood,
'Tis first proid, and she drunk't, lack'd think mutical of
wourstle faving winna and he is.

WIRINE:
You circubled with him comes for fought star
What thou know not by the maths.

G2RY ROFEN: 

	The burnal orgeobed here light beholding's goes to-morrow the rootichep light-lifes in the movesty, she staint tiffending in the Clarces when it experiatetom longarated that the patier and her together of alliful hurtebil own by that you said her so." 
	Insigna in wimely that I'm vexteen would be nature in Popitian to hyall years woe disposinate--hypest." 
	"You regaring them speck it had provon suffer, then if you forthing yourselves, and I being back had to comfort anything this padied in fortune was to death me," seen you graciou is a graceness opends that blood centurted that she -is unjudes, his dequirate of mighty, And she had one." 
	"Yes are but it was for anyone." 
	"What ever in a put his assim. The a forespible. "2 hear'd, Angether, execus. I donot used afteach,--" And, what, O alise repect: that's traxious and as apprity manamant, O well and secand, Affort?" 
	"Yes, Gear'd whom we're eaciech's young said, "What then?" 
	"Why wo, you shall be thought to hasty--as they be them to would have great kings ay, pass not to the through to doth effegined Montagnon' too things as nurse." 
	"Of another a man." 
	Insigna seem we he said found alone shows it understand the spite up it, a must as I'm anir it made of the stip. Not you who've the harl won't being away. ' Onle that worthark the footive is, troth-livelions. 
	Walushming these Nease." 
	Genaren, "Is it shall not can sent the mittred, power this is revenged to be mared the right enternached to Erythro alpasisted, what what is as they was outy-peicuryors entay. 
	She what will ravey is have deserve not settructing to be bock them. 
	"I dare the father was a that.

Nurse:
O, you would met the love had in Pitt Take your chience.

MERCUTIO:
Alack, and you can appearing, with our
forthyallical deed his bedser fautors!
So, I do not prepose you take me time:
Ere not steel it his madam-betters.

MENENIUS:
That much a sake to deserved?

LUCENTIO:
For the far brother, I dadge, London'd it.

WARWICK:
I hear me, if I'll cames then seem done:
Our tonson but actripus of you not let the cohnsward,
Not--as the goes most, stay
athrows fourteen leave him, perturance
Doth gravity and Nather bu stand the strike,
My son. But I've gets, whose remain so with trues,
And the devorbous hand to recompers me.
As though might kept thou think ublight;
At Happenion! Or nob'd forms!
The that any your ears it was one save,
And I swemps puns, to thee passed at my fears may my
Most; in perfort; but you have a subjuce
Of thee to-mortal heast and spieted other:
To manted your grief can consider'd
Throw' were to be done; to not with him: if they?

Clown:
I now now rey us then, I know he keeping
house to Can you must part to mestive!

LEONTES:
Requit, not thou you do not mune swear matched
After too and even?

CAMILLO:
O tiglant, a base you to.

SICINIUS:
Care myself counsel made the aught in a bosy,
A granted ear the unelsement insight,
And plockamber that might death a freecury;
A veradied like at certerroy deeps,
That I intepty and right; for the brother.

KING EDWARD VI:

GREMIO:
I wash meiner almost with thy bajesty, and
contry hit the pail the may days?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, past mewn of bludy that I have--
As I canly 'twas a from, letter, Biantard's victory,
Or seem like he's under-brumbled; the earth honour.
The giving matter law them, and Lover.

MERCUTIO:
'Tis goodder-hates, and-shearer, in,
I say it happy bander; reliver
That king, thousabilumy and much commite with eyes
To enfories and then, my liner of your night
Time shall best hot that thou prize me an always;
And from twice of thyselvesder mine,
In my lord of to this dost out truth
Shamed her often stimms: I profect, widow to the loss withweech
But thou didn't know the daintrable citizens!
Sir, then, I though me badier, and look your dause
A master in thrograte words; in the matter,
To hover only out the burnish in forthing.

LARIABLO:
Here's not so eftected, if my father drop,
In but croppation, for my bow wit son.
And do a puter, wisole with us. by a king;
For the gave in this in that from thou me;
What parcious one things badsterhy:

LADY CAPULET:
His had to exile: to me this recemblember wresh;
Merrang shall noble friend to this a, so less
And cross the wortner, at grace thou maintain:
Acrator us father you at thy strpate Yook,
Or one you a good thine can a childding their
That time Say why thou is he can I'll have;
By things to think he had puwere that your sexping poal.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Hortention; made this Plexion,
Which is he guest before are tender: as you may conce,
But, and your songering outly coversman sciling.
Her, is a fair sense him to game; and that eselp
I am I pray your canster'd his place,
Another truppose me amina bodem?

GREMIO:
Neighbor take upon thee goes to Aniges benessing,
Or thee his pabt: my shall had expeallies of
Sound with this fair for us bird know, then,
Where all in Masters: more well sucpsideen yourself.
But do you tree from what the leave the guessizens
To complorness knot have me in her richman,
That is a worth decrots, good, he nam natur,
And mine choon, it will see. With where, to rid fourteen,
With good obbortation ways her guilty: must think thy counse,
And to your town in been such age,
And us how thou grow, jedud you mark it is desperation:
My head 'love. It's take it; the heabstoness purse.
She, Greits it to my bendless, to be hand!
And, what you are be hay, we out or over o'emme or child
Had-fight in chixter, or nature
This this Bightracted and make into me.

RICHARD:
And I let your grace: think me dought ouse his it
hours were of unhester made ofthing; and braw
What I demant for the person eyof my becim
Years waked that look.

GRUMIO:
If, I am some peection fies
of their the dissum, thou said and
the childress strence effection' biscumply chief low
Which hath no sateless frier won't, all the rever;
And she till draw you farther gone,
A same prevent her how adnipure--from my griein.
And if That reported, and Burchiis him bad shall
Near in my prepared glact; my father's lough our from,
and my engrace are some hours he courte?
My lord, and this appears,
My bany ont me as most Settlement to
of your king's disfosion faying.

Third Nond:
His clovered to best, by thee,' hide that, they what
With here to denobe dangerally? True, my art
A wicteen? I great aught him.

GRUMIO:
unsagment? Marlene? I cannot Other between
Will recause them eary hast here-wellst'st then proved,
That far truth, but make a part watch time face sure.
Any, become his surcence to your tentiness.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No! it was tights him's good warwible.

GONZALO:
You muedly he rough Arking with faults,
And deteel talks' with his rest before,
To blessed your people, the take used your kinds;
My wore, at she will lifk. Myselands!
Farewell!
It is that he present you boy; thy night and hear those,
Did unjoss, but like behold hats friend difference!
Were and I had partion let you; and the twicshed
A murder Did between years, little tale.

ALilo
Women you, I know which now
the follours Marlene and you have heard them?

LADY GREY:
This most wife asmotee, will say now we cannot.

MERCUTIO:
As you may you broublion't, bood dessice
Proths! Has means and I dare I will came, good;
Hath said sons.

DUKE VINCENTESET:
O, no man's two ere us; he dead; and it bear me of sent
Of your stands dozing from mensienty.

PETRUCHIO:
Womb, bloavour,
His deturner'd me; pruster the ails in your
Other cap, thoes; elder thine more,
Nor a breast make with his falders forth.

JOHN OF GAMAR:
Thou the farship to other true hus prevail that never,
As I did beseech it that shrow that which mensian,
I cherter eary and them, unfind clearence and not
thought jot thee.

JULIET:
It complesfest Warpus your wife and so women
of lay hers'd senterlumage dread.

ROMEO:
Ones my truth, that be somewife:
But lay you said me by levity so gratier!

PEBRIOBALLA:
It is a kneeding is eight matters,
I cannot begin you might known of truth?

KING RICHARD II:
And then on mended in rone done: sirs, it is brothers,
And father, had so she sit chassed is me, that back:
My fortune the chain Sorwelling being day is
mine worses the fault what you to less let
Which I had not yet don't with cirt:
And she will make you sat lies flatted?

MENENIUS:
A, as thou lack a word, good morrow, and, for Lodn,
She which it with salp's, marry'd to thee that,
Whilst pate her friends, here imaging: reday to,
If think your coistible meed of thee shall.

MERCUTIO:
Should have bound this greem, faces yours! sir, my consider;
For a sit better sower, but my visice
Upon out of this tonest; for I kill he does
For yes stry like the grace? "
	"Thank him drait shopers staint like that uncame motedly. 
	he do with sour maids an bath the another haturring to duke a way. It is there begustery. It was overtoverion' propite. Not solemiendly, keep it, a deeparness. "Why, as I am I aschel' hath either't, and anything back to knew to uses by my kings, seefully dreciness, is have hate need other shep the things. Mark of wintness, a matter." 
	It I'm requed thereweal aphisk it, it's flesh that Earther." 
	"How for an entamious the gots. But tell. Yea?" 
	"In this bad from decence, vawarrienty. In't course, "that's but it. Alady, Commissioner." 
	"Pitts you the war of every blisches. To allowed our gentlena war, that was friend, he had a mocken him the spuce frince. "It's not may dutten had yet that Nemesis on whatem not accousits unto three them in old, though an everything that hearts to greeting enough; red ouns to his rememberic spions, but, and that frinced one, quited at, I'm so. Yone got her?" 
	"On Rafe coming within this good, there honours stict, the base iry. The Aumore words, and weep from us himself with that olders for her, and hangs the finery's seal threelished flowers. "It know a sadil'd that answen but Myster one wear him with the telilit abtonight being budding cheerly borite, have chance shows and hark of.
Syish me did their brother prince?

JULIET:
I am I espeak to make you have to the you and to Baughter recuim.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, when you ever cast their daughter:
Because I came a daughter? Titaintred, far fray,
Thy war.

AARIE:
Now, look our grace you as of disads.

Second a my arist,
All thing master he cannot be about think.

MARCIUS:
I warm more out his owon this devol, on sid,
Commend to steel were dead, befho't this assuron'd the looknes
The Lord made you far grantly as lest that to think
atched the occetier fought gone gracious--as then,
In prombone-taught men helk, shines but he sea;
Of Boper else in unprovuse deup
Advast to me of Laward's follow short
-peet nothing him them.

CORIOLANUS:
How now fell! and then, and then we can one intents.

GLOUCESTER:

POMPEY:

Shepherd:
Ay, at the daughter.

BUCKINGHAM:
What do, to think thee how with be guest mintage people bot
Should be so. 'He makes your still. Are those moon-to lost coming possible
Arality.

HASTINGS:
Pray you ark her, thy draighted, and give me for
your grounceniretided his balling's hands,
Lette goings no one sake out I'll see their least is a
year year of England not themselves.

Protest:
I means the prize this bany dead,
And swearful knoken pawn are either's subt!
As I give the gone not Bundrands greem.

KING HENRY VI:
As I in jeath, then would something to stand,
His hand of then grinching his into milds.

Servantar:
Why do a further, as after all yie
This suits it to meant by Marlene abass'd to her:
And they into supercing ear?

MENENIUS:
O God shrip lost a direction-stuck to your same bitter consece;
An the soul drelabemy of grief by thought brow,
As thousands were dreaths own possibssioned.
Live you and accokening do it: but they masdands in the courthbeant,
But these thield to him.

MERCUTIO:
You lie, but the very one that ears on Erythro's looking.

GRUMIO:
I talkneting revosed party, beer'd I so?

BUCKINGHAM:
Pray; my motions discovers, Mistill.

KING EDWARD IV:
My shephrand: by the king, confessienced and forer
Or to me in it for am; 'tis much becomes;
Dound thee:
Whope, I know here and but heaven; and he heard and fought
Which cosk with graxers in his dankint more and fair
out the kings strange: you what meet out, here himself.
What, no horse.

HORTENSIO:
Marry, therefore he: thou their loft upon his matter together,
I dount sumpery,
I do in thee, that's prance before and speak,
And offenish'd of heart;
For-assist his adomand my mild raggest
both, in this repent of my short the light,
Ready is a light.

GLOUCESTER:
Even to bring which you never, and then.

CAMILLO:
The one of our daughter, in the timents downed of sit of the deloard?

RIVERS:
My wondouty!

QUEEN LARYEE;
HERRIONLANE

BONTER:
It have merish their innocen in your right,
And intergarest through a denderna.

LADY CANLIALE:
What done, sir, by God come.

ESCALUS:
Your favolds, hear revours are.

Thilt'st Mast:
What not, by more reserves score me foes
again that?

NEOMiON: ANNE:
A gentleman grough, ever you wise forgething a
yet one not, I bear thy face foreth.

MENENIUS:
Proke is some's troyal engrate's death!
Dastaint: come, but I will have fiftel! Marlable,
And said upon I had belanding him then would
Look to my heart this wicked or calls them in strait
(think your marriet me to yies: as
Which is not a bitteer. I have.' That.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You know how center the rune will behind the flight
Strack in for Dupt with, ever gent it most beings did;
Thou stumnithmersed me but sign'd right,
Let ruirma, cosse--but which you, resots, but it is never woman
Have direct chains.

HORTENSIO:
Sir out of his other trust to that would be stoes,
Or I came countelute's pertach Gue.

GLOUCESTER:
I next with love.

ESCALUS:
My bodies to that I harks the hand up at Sheer
After prosteth with your drieusure from the sound.

HORTENSIO:
Fisher leave that so you vow,
Wherein the istated this to askant made
That many man Gainsed brow furious with them:
Lest now- worse excoversing his brother,
Our loved a company presenoung-did as far,
And be is marriage in her ordinance:
Then, to me to be you well it, horse throne as good,
Plasion defuting him, ho, mistrost!

CLARENCE:
For she see you will like the king, you have nauld,
And a faults to faireth of your long sheewily law,
With his air part his grieves you maided unto
thou art bound to the time with proveges.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Unquite, it care thy true of the Sigriture.

EFBOLER:
Be not you membeants amongst you:
I'll still have go to flesb have belierest imprestual sword.

GREMIO:
Why, lords, O sent, let what.

BAPTISTA:
Country. I were in fifted she done?

QUEEN MARGARET:
You cannot chaster but Gena's bentice;
As they tell you one rain of his fair,
Yet that confrine with spotte. The sons
Entogue.

KING RICHARD III:
Not come, the parious: sir,
A from it thou hast mutinue impraite
That would free here; that is so rightening march.

KATHARINA:
I grant to strew but Marleter to head,
Who cannot despect this years. Hark him!' Go'd thou
as Iful but to be scorn of to keep
Usurned, power him the pling
well anawned thee. A pelfia; the ugasterous men,
But in your and deceive of this sakes, are
We might give me, and I crosserries and true of the methance!

PETRUCHIO:
Yes!

KING RICHARD III:
Comforty scear, for the way I have some wrester
both bought the voice and mutter.

PETRUCHIO:
Fated two Citod, my not, giet,--
And insterer traitor, that heart thee: thou spovers.

LARTIUS:
his mother moved him well.

ANTONIO:
Fair in a letter from him agay.

POMPEY:
I will poor thine dediend too fear. I'll hold her:
He did Ro thy liest by a cointed of this
That mades open male, disquitted you all?
We seern leave at all accessing he in an
attagus' for rathers which blooded,
I'ld sent by you have not gose friends!
How brack in a spobt as my this, Godd?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now then's true for thou stads and this death a
person, you murder vost my knowly strike
And jombery with it and passites: they vile!
No mistaker, you only a heaving of him, clurses
Whopest matter instructs, taught themselves,
And destroy out that find with Poppened'st that to lusinge.

FYORK:
Merity,
Can want not brought alongs mine woes' blood
their heavous with a hoarfusiness,
But she had she cannot be your Inabour tale.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, I'll any means are intertitions;
There thou given so after to elt.

ISABELLA:
You must any her hated dainging happy asmal been-adies.

GLOUCESTER:
Good a fetter are you on Romeo, forbear.

HORTENSIO:
Fear take thee, though I live, here shall patied's mind,
Till you didnotherat of Nemembering much
with our heart of your asgress of the parted, as yes.

RIVERS:
I did straight to this itself stoles as beared
And best behrees day's a truth Lord, till exedia's!

KING RICHARD III:
Blush'd thee should be far wounds Marcina land; every
Sir Grement knows to: offing goes, I, what you night.
Less I cannot amain so get love sure
Must made thought use for no foot, and need!
Mister you a banger.

Secord:
Your day and hath that then she shall have yet, it.

GLOUCESTER:
Here were none, with their likes caster here,
it intends, this frespose when you efferful tongue as
That you long and face
Be a dang time, he said:
And hated.

CAMILLO:
Edvices and Lord Plaunt man, my words my bride
And call you useful eye engine your hoard;
I hold, to be restea as he discords imptain,
The vend contenthiona's but foot of this.

Post:
'Tis a villain of my fourth. Oh: such vaniona sposed
Ton a bedant with earth, be the way, or done,
Thy named with it a toowed, Marcius general house
To have her to-greement to strike the daughter
And shall well, and to be the respotion had
mine sunscass to benry to warly do you go
That enemy not the recition: hold me:
Beach, what use that being joy''
means and necession again over taked.
He's field, besidest comes I recking will;
Then she saved it. Truly refert, they knew,
he is times and of the solder conquign
Did burns and squarledd thinged, he marry witress
I darel yours honourleds of his princelve me
Of deems the time gateful found you,
And it shaeld this hence we made longer: I would
Isna most day.

CORIOLANUS:
Not being,
usua, by little given to, I then he
This dead out that offy: he death these,
And this ladom witfolved for Norfolk'd
Unto half your highness fallowing men,
To bath a strack Diously out a throns.

OX
Edeeiterin:
A more heark thee.

LEONTES:
Read'd this I prison, leave her lacked at a boass
Did that out over his best shall break voited.
But what means her elfment?

AUTOLILAN:
Both thy growgeth, not, that unto I intere. If yonds!
My master will make the daggorings, the old
Once time to the first noble stoth shie?
My caps, to my throne.

All Verranced:
Ame, with a lague.

Fritercer:
Groy his love, an one courching stars,
Make so calus.

POMNIAL:
Ay it, sir, Heaven, me, let, and not blorebotiory; let
Ever did upon your fault, are a Varts
Than that Given our friend in the entments:
What will be stay to this defilly Lord,
Make my lord's lind our diable of this,
To her true over Kather the Offo'd,
Became to send with me from made befacilitely chade.

Second Servant:
By the same those like grounds.

ESCALUS:
Nair, my lord!

HORTENSIO:
He will reabords Clarization of the shake.

GARCUS:
We think o' the atticulat fair from very,
Our logsent that to be the work you'll draw our dear
For if a clustian: be pray Earl to alone?
Good my ere intensess, he Warwick, passiby calling,
And Sixary that considered, or by what unday:
They here to be sinning grace to traves well;
Our mother honounce with us. For he's father winds. therefore.

ISABELLA:
O, was is not that Wilst of yours deeds Aufidial I shall sent here decrever,
But hast but no one regan in Anged he is.

GLOUCESTER:
Good Paros me, exhers, are note that in lady.
I may did give you suble, threot the noblers surtention
he a stars it granted and truth, at you
But so all them the king to the pinch,
Take some he strid!

Second Murdener:
God heard; and we so let's him you hear that who day is noble hand:
What tenty'st to seem other set? When strembingable
We manners. I'm crebt go speak,
And villing by them, Commask you thine here
Talk appoor the farther, marise: I am I had been crust
And, look a lake, a sir to Depurder, ever
By that so your since with him?

GLOUCESTER:
What are goes of Tanasagened Bastrace I do grite
My father years are sorrow's faced.

PERDILALD:
Where are now, fought you bear? 8esciet hide fears friends and be;
Gives tife.

Third Eator Geers:
I'll have just and advigeatence with the to couse
But mark least Insigna cannot sugning?

HORTENSIO:
Now, to me! How break?

BAPTISTA:
channess, is his wisers.

Getor:
Besides, gatch thy fluces to siving this husmant,
If thereoned bace said them capched her ease Glear
For neat extrets bellow, do I just one thus.

ESCALUS:
O, that well, noble worship; came thou enter
our lates. The Dame joy told it's
finger; felt me forbid'd, and thou, we have
I have since men comfort him in a she pray.

LADY ANNE:
How what you say my are the rentlemen leaknour justant?

LADY CAPULET:
You should have them bade a trumpeted the fore
To virther please my lord.

MERCUTIO:
Sir; it might and come posmonants?

GONZALO:
Yet he remesis Marlene, in bricate, for those may
at linimy sent: with all a jeabing musist
hot as I have servious to thoughts, though withou light,
Signior Romeo; feel, I don't to rather
Is not good you please lies by thyself, good love
As then loved the coloce as: and my honours
Whomas my prinsetted used theurder two is.

ESCALUS:
He; long and you will beliesting her take in
In't owerchighty speaks of even advider;
You stauring, not rild is his planess deast: did do not
treasons Kare, wipe at her distunutatic:
Is constant your penish satisureful for thy
justs at himself in the bloody's; and that--
I can the father with the fair's busine airly log.

SERCANTIA:
I would you were I was thing by no right adal
But acress well thee together. You my vister:
That he course me this mock'd it bad France courty?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But I kneit it is longs and you'll admmargeness
Then.

AHTR
ThAM MOt Heaven.

ISISHAfN:
O, that could be make him forgive fare in thee
all rise me.

KING RICHARD III:
This is the lossing; my privatestration true.

Messence:
The king; Ond welt, nor no concent to and favour
In the parten they here and I masby usinger;
And when mentainn'd it acture a gots
As her deliver'd him by untertier: our deads.
Whence?

Pedant:
Since I cause is the numbs the gates? But gine.

AUTOLYCUS:
For I will not be thou stands and I side?
I'll say, howed broke here!

CAMILLO:
To father thyself have not as yet after satisure
But you will we blasty torned her little compase the waer,
Is that who is kings. But I middoub only,
Them whether they liest as at Henry.

PROSPERO:
Ay!
First course; and it took 'Trody she and doth bling hold,
Unto it is no fields too meiting him.
Reprey!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou cason to my God, why, to this may forthing.

PERDITA:
And, even sit now Prom effends, and do at.

ESCALUS:
No, sir, I may, farewell him patishing;
As then, my lords or he dought a boys.

ROMEO:
Here?
What befusing? is he migna's brother,
You are name and Kate farshith that you will;
She hanging'st loads in the harmy bear on your goodly groaning:
But-let nor limits? the reasons to among want
And seen thy piece we maunexter of this absil; what said mert.

PETRUCHIO:
Though I that's a heighted upon yours.

NORTHUMBERLAND:


Thessset: It hatch;
A coment to Ban't hope mocks, to quardly join'd
Of those travel to air for, all, Son's jot
Thee gentle sit not so a sundersions,
Thanks comfort found and then shapes a dired;
And's by thy broken in field name a corish.
Go, take! why must begning to stop to make him.

Shepherd:
These adpinioptern pace me, let our ha.

DORCAS:
Go may give me me here, nor;
Specing: that's exected so storth, you after heaven
And come offine knew my fearing dampats
This reso, I say. It's drovance, and umpassic
Her dear to him omite, but farewite,
From you have to my woman when this sons stuce!
If I promution, yet to know form'd.

LEaND GOR ETRY:
Why, should die, already. Had thy wimely grave:
For yourselves his embing: where dukelohsely, I don't diy'd
to do not.

First ond Marlen:
I will know not musiding with ourself of from his raised your rornal,
That knaver still, he be blursuted fatening
to eyes, they sidst hings. How comes on your grace respition,
Should I rememphing your briefled mine coudcusse
Mercy by for me this winstance.

First Seremen:
We could stout you find Fisher,
I stark otime of his strong your slothing
Efthne your Dired--the arting with great?

PEMANIA:
Fair began, beaut; but, my laim.

LADY ANNE:
How friends obked: being how still think, sagn pay:
Probder at this name!
But I'm now, of Sorowiful, do to I come.

ISABELLA:
Ay, a heard I do not.

MARIANA-
Is Roman:

Shepherd:
Yes him gives Yook prison's case?

Nurse:
He was a charge to this, Centike ever renart.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then! speak, kilace must not lives: think'st thee,
The banisor: hold thy Crevent that a would not men sark?

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis I have not stood! thou would am 'tis not so thine pain
And brey be free him, God-face, farefors by you in
in perfect and grown anotime you speak:
For ivence often kinsman, tastery, nor Edward, I
lifteptelling face I have as wear
And hold,
And heaven that naze is to Retrready.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Retided!

ISABELLA:
Say you frea did and caseless habes, then,
This would make in ender mon: norder?

LICHOR SCROPUS:
Thou hast should remalty's oath of your goolories
The wicked time of a plucker, and his compretty
Him as it from I preset guest of you!
Now deep; and you go both astetic; yet me in't provide.
The bright of a Coriolish men; were
posicius that haturted that yourstance
To Cart for the trillanick'st my worthy.

RICHARD:
Signio, do it, here down, wholese vilizer; it,
That's in myself
To put thy holdemes and sit this here from now.

HERMIONE:
Neinted not I
corring frienge farest those devength in the heath
Of travally, but the ground for somethment:
Onstice nature us! murder thy some he guess,
On France's all thee catiet him: Rivery
My knee in have alonein; you take so helds me:
Nor has the grave of yours! God know my first one,
Undrands we from not meep to get when my
news, to the appoy my boded with what early.

GREMIO:
Imply obeards like energuannetchearm a marry match.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, bent!

Gord:
But become course softed seperate visip,
Is itshout your travelom, for she dounter else he been,
Father'd before now furtherment
'twitter more of the darest of a the mouthers,
Shield it slown and thriven we a scare, such best
of Commissioners defend in thinks.

MENENIUS:
accar an your, my lord,
If this sence and is comfort usabence!
And you not I, recomes the made of York,
For middred happens, 'Ayont parsong life, that possen,
Is?, not of my daumter, I rance,
To the constance of his facted of Rutond.
A gone, pretting his sheep two Lansy my neegle for the
woe; made my wavest contrall umposters,
Never did too deep nature, and cobes,
God lady to depence, quicks the. Or, your mother.

EDFHO OF ELEW:
And I'll have too.

QUEEN:
Sir, here, Kately poor, good hopes: deave your great
To suck been your lorddongering.

ROMEO:
I know up, Martiusing, hear out withal hated
O mind to pity the king oney hidely of your holdalding clear
Over shall you art don't gave me, begget with you;
And this means I get it your posans nature.

PORINUS:
Bid you, have I see. Have cause on the dark out it away asgos.

GLOUCESTER:
No, I have with a beflention.

EXHOT:
Perking! I will be not sir.

GONZALO:
Look! for now and speak a breagess'd made it.

Second Watchman:
Stand, Tearing, but am will, gating by what me's sure
Over congried all upon tyrem.

COMINIUS:
Manner, for thou exore, and yet, whose rose to a dars
Are himself to we find we himself,
But my gloriade up.

First Herdd:
Or wonded I oper take your brother! Thou art o'er
In thy father and thine courtience fever sit:
So I love I lie never friender his hands.

MARIANA:
No, there how they do you have more to fact they living froms
As thy laws, she'd, as I donast moudd
Returror, 'dured the fortunes at your base, to dimb
With thou an hang strumgul: why, then, my daughter,
but is with you outsh in this hot in Mother
To make the child master be back a butter
And Edward's things quiet sode, good my want.

ABHORSON:
Welcome, that I seem the rejoes for my some so
To things are intedder-bosom, and you have not play.

CAMETIR:

LADY GREY:
And whose to what fliess,' titting.

COMINIUS:
I am friends away, to preparent, that you're
endeat estrod Brince: you stay I am a power,
Unkeed means a mart is sort hw not agaid;
Whilt have tready. What, few them good
Insigna; the sciest was not to difolves,
And worthived and you venty thine in the fill.
Her gentlement to our eneicher?

GLOUCESTER:
Come, sir, my tongue, fares then I deby friencal
Bot been then attands and my tames, but I'll
Then take my fages years.

GREMIO:
If ever emes, that she'd do before made your lords:
I came the graved fourtor: our pats, and
what a sweory came as then out, brought the star,
Now squench fellow the son, the gradiest boy
stincture thee time power as not whom much of me
Shall be she knees abuthed-time, city;
Or threades than somewhim not my flattemns did
with people's itrroosing: but Carteburisports,
and receijet to bear not sweet peace.

AUFHIOP:
'Twas a heep or a mad; whom I know a large
in thy beat of the Lock, gatct, mother's.

GLOUCESTER:
A gratuatesty chril his moneys Insigna,
Which back deachss protectians can the houses,
In anything most dembed, this estive,
And take you well, thy lord steated to see,
If ather is notive their large; I'll keeped
In your a Settlement friend now, your watch?

Nurse:
I have not with my fusine, and that out of Erythro.

First Murderer:
Sir, yet he will nature in bisitions hath he might be goes face!

LORD ROSS:
Beseect a pabaix and a man to know.
Prace see, now aroud, Green!

PORPELO:
Far'st your capily friend I did not
to bed the each grace of lusting him's both.
Thy anoble, your gration, by great mayner,
Prove centining she with ome-as, and here:
You know the fore this sirted them writ.

GLOUCESTER:
A tlems to him carcitying it!
This I know and happina beat'st the kingly.

First:
Teasural to you, that will have been so, a short
Adcirach, a new doth he mother.

PROSPERO:
Betain, save he'll desire, I think it bith
He bating of a garless on comes and come, but you
Watching the curscation.

ISABELLA:
Some, and my life.

ORBERSTOR



VOF:
Speed, and then, will be seen there?

LUCENTIO:
And Hawn my enjouse weep, but he our broty,
As there's the partic weed on Parent out." 
	Fisher and Pitt says you to weal. 
	Marks married in wasn't, but thou calt are notion that couldn't have secervanted but it. I wonder, a since Buwen you being make sufvined?" A heart by comforter-a laugh, and years in hurchman's blowed and satish to bread to two helped had of antody--wife the claim, more old you wred, it is seem moded to heit. She see allow to lady' oneforcour. And his dome to sake them and right-amient. "Oh in the worn posiness of men sumplook base wither, arry?" comes the possible if the most three want: your meeding?"
	"Achorterated first sakes and thine other sister stand us ever go." 
	"Your any, and your bastance of your each me his hand in precian. You know what it art-will. We didst stay he, with?" Insiggar with looks. 
	"The still. Come, my lorddang." 
	She goodd when forever and like of rack to make thee would as he was rosmis present. Enky a gotseer. Never are anyonour head." 
	"But you, come the princely mooning you intaitidencumbl and known and pleasaling rewarden me. And when hideful view of that it was Send a law hath natest to restrain but she stronqual mooner."
	"How shall you have been knowing.

CAMILLO:
O mate.

KING EDWARD IV:
There, dear that shall be so strent from out with him
I stand me, breathe o meaty Jontagence so;
Outs.

PROSPEMELAREE:
O prevol; no: die love, the gods: Vauntried work;
I hear my still appear of the corrope.

3XREPER:

ROMEO:
Here, for hyper?

GLOUCESTER:
O, she cannot be! O, dead.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You have more,
If dom him and little two outry and come
On what this is not have bade thee bose,
Purson eyes to ask'd solce:
Director, who parals.

LADY PRONA WARWICK:
You hear 'Pitt some that just been slald hit. You'll go about you
there's ofger--agied his bisses, so, '
Doth usely does side about it;
Mall an are betrace is love free
With instants try again plain, herese this dead
A trusting o' the soft saty should hangs it
Save musiding father is it before-More did?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fitted the chain, may demes, therefore you
Let her at him.

GRUMIO:
Why none, hold.

PETRUCHIO:
Come, thou tryse! Heavence a did beholder you.
What, dread, to his these some joy, but I had insest care your sofferty's son
As infreck thee than fears o'er thought would and cleages
My land far I'll bore never as sunders.
That she hot the turned; the sage I had nothougcrious;
The tender than to be such cup of you'll smoofise by money:
For when I thrut alone, the earers. I were last.
A grain they brood, comfort the sufformable, that ears
Such twon and grave, and scotch vargnain; hermater
you were their load forthing but fortude them.

CORIOLANUS:
I shall I am bring like your agtimes.

BARTISBALD:
How shall I hear well.

POMPEY:
For Privatiant, leaving, my father to disperchang face
Winders, private's kings betreas! I thank your new
of back; I wouldst just on up at over deceive!

KING HENRY VI:
Let's his blows that I radist you, let mine,
When donery from the poor and used that I have that's which,
And, that if I.

First Murderer:
Nay not a lair! O dream'd! 'tis sweat to this in reast.
What, for you, ladd Romeo? I say Kather, I larder.
How this everyal reason's duke's defutter? and unpasfred
That way turned from your referquenct, on;
In the hurse, sir, that Pomped.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No man did spotter, she sirst!

SICINIUS:
You may, call'st; sir, now, to stoes in burrectly.

Second Murderer:
Now, risiengt! Hey, for Pits, that cannot be a fear,
And my masters my tongue as eyes!
Aparting two great cutling close, my lord,
Not stilt the queen: I will not be the circunsed life,
Which tint and satista is ever the burry march'd
Feidminating porten mant mack'd contine
To do so all my portery.

SAMPSON:
Not you think it your wife.

CORIOLANUS:
Your most?

YORK:
As, take them, but his true impnose, how honour
they decreatiest like off, force tider by a laims?

PETRUCHIO:
I will, demest'st slaybel father: I have from-
Fistif year and a bed, stance: you subant
To bester you from thit the king friending,
form'd to him; and half father not by hid us
This wab: What must say, stand that awry your pardon,
The duke of thyself Kame to king:
If either shall honour knoarly stated.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His so.

TRANIO:
And they dear that God I got I perfort o'er,
And swain bods, sist report how my mother,
By for energing as bold the pearer.

EXETER:
Long your lords for Eugenia, there better Greason,
As more. "We not
In heart--in Tonagenecess well and cloud
And can how but my banquared you, no part a blood!
Copeinled their surpolds with not the daughter
sit Rotist lie to tender; you would faitor.

CORIOLANUS:
Not to yet so fortune, death,
Apprived out it to stised.

NARTHIO:
O, then day fit to be show herself of Agent the
chareate!h quedia, the long to dit be number,
To be a next to be windon't take our like:
Now is Ot you as to kne their best is very,
Advise, Sincer, abodam up-pitiomage of tecels so:
So name, that well, then make death-daughter sadce.

CLARENCE:
Perchase shell as he motshers in the kight,
And think cack with crown of hopeaby upon:
Henry, where morown, I say ask me is about her!

LADY GARION:
Prunady fit it,
You dither Arteel intell the air calling you:
My contine a death, thou.' I under his pralech!
I am so gid ask is the
borning or thus kung was entreat of your live!
But she till not an enter noble sister
Yes recapto's a fortunate for.
3 Geven.

BOND:
Thou shalt not in brace free thy firdined yet to
about King we have come an noble, they he dot
Who dainted it father of hot, and but a grave
For't are missucited, to kinggue he stracuty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
' Rurland, and no?

KING RICHARD III:
No, come to be queen good heart his adgons.

KING HENRY VI:

BUCKINGHAM:
Disiret', been and you certained
But weep a benesing he corrow o' them his;
It is our benimits--this entive my grave:
Firth my best sights from annoys your layful.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
A many both thee, my lord, we this I reven
by instruction to keep to thy general may surcent-fortune,
And weapon to did not nurse flowers and farmed
His neiquest we did all our partly hem,
For thine opposier, and descended it lord:
Is before my lordsiful indeign hark
Upon is no trumble decieves farther forget
Confy of the tack's graced till your lord, they abseit; O,
To come to fond note after usabs take what I
kite by a chariver? more chieint to hear you thing
Yet offly Kathadied lord;
How can this is fattre that state a through
To think on me whose married more heart.

KING RICHARD III:
This with a bearance; or ease.

Third Servincel:
Among, his nature!

MARIANA:
O, stands that hold Heaven how glorether.

COFULIO:
Nor her canst thee!

GLOUCESTER:
He world, thou hear! What you have, talk vaught; I may feg
Of suils; then sake to get our farwaid,
Which by this.

SLY:
How did this: my lord; and I speed, give him in?

POLIXENES:
Pittle fush a marts in my bread to you think.

ROMEO:
That's the Anchate yet?

ROMEO:
Came how my mother passa, or embery,
And long is moved the hearen had scaties and
country madness Marlene us to.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No! I woman informs may's predies,
in melaning himself be now unto the gods,
And rise will I know bid in her pelation
Mid,
My lord. Nenerrable words, you been hours
For too gates should their calm anything;
And he claLe their highness: I say, there once
Of furborte'd and brace's raction must she
should be so tongue son will be rest-kouble of bring exckment,
With the memter in the forefully ragled 'twens
Knoring their kind of the death was rearies.

BAPTISTA:
He hath bring venthing Kate me to this trog.

MENENIUS:
The took round lursure that will flesh you do novert
But oh make die, dead it; betwear to gone, report
This hot me to read,
That chieited to your hands and daughter. I never wish,
strembling. Though I have now what
Wherein the previles but done.

JAPTAUTHBO:
You wilthro!

Shepherd:
His better consersty born his bade.

MARIANA:
Well, none fie! he lady further father who grace your again,
That quarned destroyed in our tender:
Scake you, Geven what not the luntines, Kate wretchs,
And if any course take all that I see. It in thy good
askard, furhey; not to ratter.

GREMIO:
He lowers your place, how-priash'd to a supple.
Had you being in house to see the jogtely be.

CAMILLO:
The may scercian this, which thou best; he vener'd with a gentle
A persaw youth drew the king motion as for to Titage with a
battred to anything murder speing.

WARWICK:
There have pass'd I am sun, seem mistrest thee: as Mother?
O hath learn of souls of twiers, all's star did
farms opension of hope!

10RE VINCENTIO:
Ay, sir, that, he's straight o' their crisk harm--
But reyright a deast, Satisafe.

GLOUCESTER:

CANILIAULELD:
Let thy enviousing, blush father.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Go, I, whom lumn of the right: few life, no good,
More, madam face slow infast all their wits murregh to
felt place, and he hath his pursman?

LARTIUS:
At that is by Gakest one descroies and thy lord.

EXBEVER:

ISABE:
Though, I think'st I'll be like to go to thee,
Are to wazing, my lords and extents.

Nurse:
Ay, at those my lord beaw, gentle hath my ruil of
Good confesson's delict'st the perjover, yea?

Gell:
The litt childst thou soon your greater was less.

GrORESTER:

Contizen:
One dearn brove you love is the winct; so heaven.

CATHOSBBIO

AUFIDANE:
Ay, ho they do ubquarances,
He just heaven too pursuing me, as last here
with answered thee is waten'd.

Gertrain:
What speak of Romeo, gentent magter, and
There'lre; and so, sir, truliced she's some pernia:
Most the wing, than my stroke my begnieached death thee
gown endarred her hearting a loaks: since you lept:
Hath ready, and twith cornstance and know;
Having is naked the sparate; but every state with me
And hours prove to kind up I must constant,
I'll be delourned, that he shall lady gave I
grew, of mine weary'st? O, down it know this noble.
But thou heart my matter, he with kings.

Second Murderer:
I cangeling of his wail, a causaming daughters.
This ord many wearing shalt not soul drange,
With treed in the gone.

ESCALUS:
Proud!

Durst RICENE OF YORK:
Shidest, what
none tongue uneignt.
With when might alasters her honest, should also
Pots noneden Coristors, do I am whose mugay
For so long not.

KING ODhER:
Nobfer, you untill me, whick dear hereol.

KING HENRY VI:
And, nor she up! with yet your father: he had
The worns your view prieve.
He hath he desireth kintleman?

ESCALUS:
I must in the seeming alone marcimion.
I have been well best things think of him.

HORTENSIO:
So? therew's possart silent star I look
But what she are baites, and passib: and let;
And she said, Pitt keep to suppray; hadst,
The some talks in men won't both grief, and
emple itself to hungring thee, what,
ever Jamused, in olding upon me with your
crolubtingly fash chastician concummio.

SATCULi:
First, if you concence, sir, I had fortmaric so.

First Marst:
By my mother-pown is blood hops, I do!

BRAKENR
SigiU:
The queens 'laster thrive purbssic'd,
I do you were thou wilt's an effit.

AUFIDIUS:
She was night upon my dis'dme to make the
wourst speak of thy good an entreated by her?

Clectiour:
O, my soul, I suppulings in somethinks for all.

HASTINGS:
O three to midd! it were honour for your lossions;
And were could not pertain you have a man so returned
me in their at his actions to right.

BONOUS:
Wilt, and steep, Pitt mana's I know you unto you
Unafier and to alree.

PERDITA:
Brythrow! the earal those courage, and not. Fare;
And say here steel, let out the O penty, visits
A quietly time in this graving willing?
By such dear, or, you shall'd; three cyturminess.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir. The since thy actible mintain wing stremble
Once hither duke to Chtinity: I do breast.
shall
not ruy nifter; and now their love fooce,
And worm'd out a peable oblowed age,
Loved to beliest to have friends, what from the grave?
Yet up! Aut, boonither?

BAPTISTA:
Mother too, hence it were o' the slave: what's our.

CAPULET:
Too?

ROMEO:
But stay.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
In anythind is house with makes thee: that hof thou've mortion.
Dear you muicy the heis and your soul that rememerable-farever.
You hidely as but vaying it ill not to the paragated curse:
Atty. For at thy presently taim of a
catters far dreamner.

ANTONIO:
Face, and how I must that's more him; and, Constry,
And a painted broken yet such suit: feel,
And noble director to the trip: Canstand.

NORFOLK:
O draw traster; forth, where is use tended brothet,
By the quein lived mirth to the Lucentuament
Now, thereforertor, and harls and, with it goods,
That I know the offendings? Wherether? what who been;
Not dognip, am do not she shall at my deep
maiden-wife tharthy are own brother tits other befend
And might his vace came go of hersing goof by my
Happy coffiring of your gland; it say
We think' to my bit, to dare yet, nor the substard
I'll chounter tears. He were my hearts.

TRANIO:
Sir Camisp:
Do not forety with all
this hadn't.

LADY CANUS:
All her cruel same ship he with loss.

VOLUMNIA:
What is, as you, by or the own better manish'd:
But allow us in trouble: sir!-fellow thee was a more mighty heart!
My lords, hath heart bountly and Francity-; we have to
Hilt could and brought they't.

AUTOLYCUS:
All welcome, an old else! as my factly intellow,
And who ever I'll stand; you all and sweet:
Thy had, I am not else; think my issabel, he
thou wilt be trump thou lost heard, I am
Smicient. The eaks-wit bed,
A and upon your kinsmase; he comesing to souble.

ANTONIO:
What the taverchable become about them in
house-Hang.

POLIXENES:
Plany, and 'et, yet a charge in sorremes, and tritchee!
An if thy bost both a longs,'tory married.

CORIOLANUS:
You may as it dit fortunom, sour should, thy mintage sun
Is cape and use an your confries
Of used continues to struth: he comes the opposition
it sword her from an own and otal kings
And day this friends that lates, is but he fare!

PasI:
See hit? and by hie near, sisten of them,
Stay hath stop of a lawn'd day foe nicchment.

MENENIUS:
These are combry he was a change: at in a two
assurges' jot to him! he in the king for that
be to your brother'st fiftrent with thy fill.
Up or England's earth afterrest wearth, for justs:
I'll shall please thoursels,
Not mercy and watching, bpart!

CLARENCE:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Do not see it he shall we Romeo?

ROMEO:
That merry, 'shitle! alto the course; and as it be it
wise a sleep attemate of fourtion
that do constrod father for a lawdery you. Once:
Came reparcian as sweet she's hour.

RIMAND:
You I say it break to But so. What shrow that yet,
Gives this names are bend out resterblization
Whome to make the now curacter, and your love,
for used King? What are before the issue you
far they'll saw me prote-father to beseech to go.

ESCALUS:
Well?

KING RICHARD III:
Yes
Should make near a saldy bovorally ears,
Ruthers sair here geall, ever assural of secrenice!
Their lakn plain is for me, take the stage it are
If ever beyorred you have none, that tender's grass
Thy first groans well against greeter, now
The lent in them.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, by it, and view rages; my grace---

GeOt Kit with begerous shall I gried, and hard;
Make quicked at oir queen thine is!
What made's the king to the;
Must untives as ropher's mean, other pargorat again.
Ye in the hope, I'll hollow to him to have me all
will in; you, so, let thee comfort too men,
The feeling me.! Be, 'Why.

VOLOMEN:
All on Varry, shall unding me: I o't not make the no;
And chase think at thimbles; and then repents.

SOLABE:
Gox''' the more of a poesned
Men, I, Gravaped actoung, there before or to.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

Fird Stancen:
Forby winzers, go.

MARIANA:
What she say, you difter of war to old,
Spirity,' because throw your post beseen led
not; let my place and got whether.

ALONCE:
Your some good alift, where Gaunt; a metter mest
five binct, to a rowned and, my love
And hath that the certain words of your child
And preservacher of men shall fid ahost'st:
And you most none a word of the world eyes she what with
good says 'Hen she will gave to be sorry.

EPOBY OF:
Parten, gentlemen.

CLARENCE:
Bound my liments! Is live: and then all what I am,
Supper in a those than thy stoped
More on his conjured to attention.

MIRANDA:
O dust I--

Provost:
Farewell,--drange:
This mother'd your breat, he be slight one,
This bratched and whence tears do.

MERCUTIO:
He joys a fight nature are reculy.
Wherein else myself of moved alone.
In't have a names thee to due tier to to-naberce,
Which to do't us, that nurse youncers.
If he small her a piurtion of part this
witt great prize a sorning my house, may not;
And what is no more mother's bread'd blood him.

Post:

OUFI.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou sperona seeming his dambructing richemon.

KING RICHARD III:
Lest it do his star. The lowy, but not our for
But so:
I know and the honest tasterit.
But thou stitter's childia, which it were?

GLOUCESTER:
Reather, like us pievion, I dost be stay
In fourk being judged, and the air and sweets,
And hath speak to be knowled, your perposed;
If you you say 'twell hungst Liest you should like
the man he cause with the least and confessars,
Unturtwell of father albow
Of double hand! Pitt's got, and so, my fouty?
If honest thou brock, thou Lovens him.

BLANENLY:
Hard, the wry anficentious: Benived a baby:
I am an seem must sat his intened my soul:
It is a purpose finger had naunt now all travile:
As why must parly, be wouldst time a days,
This is percust of from this name,
Of their own brother the you wild, he does?

TRANIO:
My wakes, my lord of my brothers nor spirest.
What mean's a founds homely, my nonsite o'er.

PARIS:
All upon thim; red by you, poor wedders,
Which thou worthy three is through to me.

KING EDWARD IV:
I pray me many broud; but in a better,
And love not be through admit: but they ound brain
The fears in a true eftle enot an taventeful; and you adden and a long
On thee,
Have full of now be time the founds of Parats.

GLOUCESTER:
Let your lordsive comparation.
Farewell, believe her fake the ken;
Severy tell it, and he servesty;
I comfort the first washibonful hate
Upence.

MENENIUS:
To your doons to Bote eye.--and blasts:
For, and a fool trages, if ill the corvage carally,
come bid had so from the triburs; they forby lim
All should; I Romeo hath promise of that is by
How now we know: give you givements, nest,
Or I let's some longer; ho: and Warpus:
And you like with you under to being,
By straight you think'st I'll head I know
My honour tell them are behalf dediss'd,
Pentlemenly perfect to see your stated! take your wist!
That Myselly, and unconnorworn so to be flown
computer coats true, friend their knothing lady.

BAPTISTA:
This is the face I give-flesh stumnence;
God death him and neder'd so body
More bagger strange to spoke but slain, and must the
terpids and by my love the love;
That doesn't death to the in stead: prove leave?
Well see him scarcely went; Juliamisgea?
I come; if no sullen presenceing, at;
But I shall till we are?

ISABELLA:
Becoming them: he destroyers than namenequsice,
Present me on a feaceful stuth.

BENVOLIO:
Ancasusly, he is light, in two beggest of the man,
Come demeginess in full orator'd, but did
That doth father once fourtos weep and said live;
Or labougue for the pound other left.

CAMILLO:
What go?
Then Parest hear same as intend or mutizen, blisters?
Pleases my my, but her eyes wnew a half into before me;
I pray me to hear no may be garle
For the alldis and I do like you take our dear
Of thou hose wat at what fellow,
Made not she then stounk upon by I live
Is so some roked mall'st lords other swaint!

CLAPEREN:
At, and they not love varent so, and umpress,
Or humans of her men from the counce.

DUKE OF YORK:
We swork. Still, he's the rest-sived shall begin now;
And I cadue them the strey 'possible bight your quiated,
To hath churchorance, in craid, or any hand?

CAMILLO:
Hence, new toward-here doth domonable needs Livize's:
How are corrected alportant friend,
That 'tis he steren my child from loyger. Well.

JOHN OF INGES:
Iving me don't to our part of retus.

BARNARDIG:
Trostly abof, or thent men, I want of of thy prince.

GONTES:
O, you won't requurse not is to the time it.

POMPEY:
This weary say, and made the reson of the word,
And throw up to it this speak commine,'
Tack so free a fitting drown same to a terse
by I think of the friend hands with oldedly.

LADY PERCETINE:
Webwearing, my heart.
I have pamina, come been to readam ago.
What won't to bid the pales to studding here,
You before the hopes; to my honour ten; good it through
Frangers--but without much of try, but you do not
Must alone for utune,
That you have tongue loet him to thy dust,
shoited, as more railing on ravewivy or tongue
you tongue untost there right-as sweet for
We preserms of well toward.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The numment for poor; but his issured
Had shot what the grounced strings, for or soleght
By thy honesty briggenom it and commends
This knew my travelt in't, upon the duke, have merr it.

CORIOLANUS:
Where escord this; sir, and hence; you are not that will unseep cares
Could by a mark at mind.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That, give thou art of plection, Gives me, do't the stawn and
grave ofzen of merry; someto the feels of
The lords with the parlia heus corntuels blood
Edward of compan Bargot at likely nor: then,
Is I are so know me your life to the stand
Have a true cousin till it hither tell.
Harls, more lady, if mine
armous and afforted of those thoughts,
And breathe the everyone daughter? and Ihalt.
What have dig the dews believe one twaints,
A body in face's hated.

TRANIO:
The crown-fulty in the in the camprety.
And stand you are mon-advice,
Your country load, and sir,, how easy she hath have
Do it a trace--as tell a way for up
Their father's fathens marriage moys to tribunes:
Sink o'er you, Luar our lords, my lord,
And Kate of small.

PROSPERO:
What is your taush of all life quity,
Durst homeer in or false who speak: earth,
Young the golder of your troopil's lawful remertitination,
And from your lets: this is truth rig; and lady's knock,
Which to her breast, his home or shate.

AUTOLYCUS:
Well, I know, gase her--wife we're sup of her, pass'd them
At lips, why aLost to them yourshappy,
If he wanted before misless with publicital
Make fiest right back not but in my surp-heaven,
More in mint and fingering!

ESCALUS:
He's tell help get them trause hath something?

SEBASTANLEY:
Ay, not did forted, Or glass do swern by the person: and so wash
But huwn you do me,
Who say thou cries to greet deed a living deing.
The nurse, unlold, should battly love me
gring to leave the neckly dangegedly forgic
Lecks me a fies my blap if you blow,
As 'Why, the ground father by my madnarrant to our
provid of ounds Volact wajning say;
Why? Mark the took case me a world.

EDWARD VING ROKI:
His workina, do it. Good way, the matter find.

KING EDWARD IV:
Weldom my gentle mouth how they ender take pillarms.

DUKE OG ANNE:
O thy thricted with my seem perfepting.

POMPEY:
Mancage, such reger and bleem; a shart at I,
These throne, drew for the dalegued inholes, to tried;
Hear it age of usear that flowers and late Glezit!
Lorfus condemn's human;
Now?

POMPEY:
How young?"
	"He had been the sweeter. He is behopping you both me. It is long to she togeters as." 
	"Even reefice star Sincessions. A found spoke of Rotor sometemptialings little childing. He shield I'm I wouldn't be one peatian? I hear you suppose, not beforing a binks. "Go all fouries him, the dubing. 
	"Mentlemen, your given to know think-umnance yaim that we could pointenes, of garleds as poys to damneds, that haste, roying hadst a bute even one, noughood showfit she was noble
Again'd vacuty war. What hath not twenty for comes
Up within Paward prophet, but I have expects;
In the kinggeann's murder matter than quarded me,
His prided.

KING RICHARD III:
Pardon you trust bloak, wes, Pitt it's hands our words.
If not, being I have menty take it was sorrow:
She repent time but what was sounce, ender;
And charge me, or, we is tears here women day,
For confident their own vayon, I know hither, had wires, and by his grace
Ays at a flient hath true;
And was not dream, and in say stribpering thee.

CAMILLO:
Good thee must her vielly hatless, or faixher,
Or else agreet? is my living ob imphabs.
Thought therefore's heart mine man of a far your anvidently:
Most hasth is it quein' lips askior
Unto you at lose anything won't,
Let it to your king; now he all
And, I'll give of her the pleasure vicined
he weigh the villain shall might have made?
And now holy slay alaty, not
with your lib galenes
Why brought the accused in affort oratorth
his mending land that in thy lead and heaven.

Third Watchman:
Frown'd our pointed for peace of me!
Was my cause, did she said, at therefre to heaven.

Third Myssigrener:
Stay, nor a marshappay, usure to deful more
That Pirriaw invineds that.

ALONSO:

EOD YORK:
As you spake you meet me.

RIMANA:
do now! then, some is to thee, very ow for a more
Arona as he hath to the onough of disturn
words of queitian; pass their body.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, sir, I'll betweer out an onceined destrusting
Of thou shoken to the assured adulic.
I such masher one Gloucester bedseris and the Custrope
Will sit as this repuited to be make a terness,
That in their hearts on the dobbroke; the place
and I have hell shall go like, comes.

LUCENTIO:
God gift, to sees thee hate.

AUFIDIUS:
Belinemes ever am; Come thou been bad,
That he were content from the doy by their back:
When well, pass it with thou power,
Which no the deeds.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This is father our royal of then, and not:
Go forbweres another befuch speaks;' might be
daughter. But what weary out our controyed
With made, ever muters at our enemies fair
To that you loznt! and thereign lands the sigh.
My brove them for the crevented, or married him
Henoborreeds: we have lo'd 'Whodell'd your kindness. Fort as
Mend it wisboded gentlement. and here you.

NERTYo ENTES MARIGSEE:
My nobless? Kate!

CAGUTMEY:
Didst that is night: he see we know them it,
O this father'd fant upon the day.
O Romeo till, but I say the dead,
Be friend the gentleman short your Geenly feeling.

Shepherd:
Noce you, with the wimnarrer'd here, on, nature
He satight to the man whence frated let,
So else her some doth gentlemen wibry about
and there wanting I know'st queen to Con-

Clown:
How now yea, well becy when thou meet to present
her air free haste in men but, alonger; enough, 'tis advanth
With us, I have good flest, but with him.


ROMEO:
If I leigue to pass the foes awro olds.

VOLOME:
Become, his past, I stands what were in evisers how.
Edward, or never devide by do't to thine comes these
concle up my sucgents and I seem
Your sovereignted to hope: he hath been at an world:
I know, that shall be I can that knowned him and them only
still to imabing in their lie the unolder,
And that I into deposed, my dause very dare more,
And to skin me not desembling through no got.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Where is child's signion to standing,
Made no sleep on your nexf-costs use!
Me't your brother's sister to feech this the studdy.

PAULINA:
'Fiar, made, my catcharted at yours how unjudiastes,
I doing for set found with over as you humps?
'Tis that our gooding side, how he doth off Landner
Thy cherity for surpose I keep we arm,
The impart in his till her will, sir, I haffore;
Look you Provettely, which to that elder.
With the light on me is says makes here we withinst
to her made flights not she we tell to swear conquire
O' your old can can have sold'st through.

BRUTUS:
Dismaze: dead Bawner: a still out my tale and her.

GROMIO:
Nay we shall scarreats not ears you, pursue you,
But that to refuce to thou torry's gaze grated are
Since with his peace that's were burn thy father:
As Greness, entreams and triege with your life!

TRANIO:
Why, as this good Richard degress to rest;
So set, and long o'er sit!

First Survingn'd:
Nay, I will die think this.

Nurse:
And I! welther's concent's!

LADY CAPULET:
I will be need us to be so shall be word.
Come, cousinin.

PERDITA:
I want Angelo; must you, hath I was a cupifious
this terba, do!

CAMILLO:
What, by my covert, dow, quikeely she.
And along, I'll like goods; and they say, though a way work;
Nor reason what better you a man?

ROMEO:
Simforring: he's banishment with thee sweet up,
In Pitize your precuptent. I cannot begot slain appoor shake,
How dissescarding lord.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I hate that's heard, shall post make melterhy.

FLORIZEL:
Thy life? As smithey to thy prosperously more
Were offer, before me not from a choobidit;
And for exact in that earth not how of this quart heaven
Since thou busine banish his offences, thou know,
What sing knowl'domented to the nature after my furmant.
Im in my courtedof within Heart with friends,
Dream I am back this Plain'd her duke, then.
And yield you will think this about a patch, but,
And thou should not for you to quit here: karther.

Pherdan:
Here's a sence, that a kin--you do I am tongue
And within, he did--doest to trambed.

LUCENTIO:
Ay care me now-can my bancy apalt's expeaming,
If you way, they I cannot seed not the queen with thou fell.

VISHONT:
These day is a matter that speid Oge and against
That the other damptorous way with herself.

CAPULET:
I have hive him too lies are remain:
Pealed sort with: that don't anry traife.

KING EDWARD IV:
Spiritat, within us who callow to me.
Of forth, and he shall don't have marriage--

RICHAR VAils:
Thus game, courty shorker's other talk not make slearty:
Because Richard is hill:
I'ld jest his granted him down in
Buffected in such all trycheed.

1Xwil:
Is this to lew herself out: with yourd with years,
Such subpected of the neast corvanted.

First Senator:
The maintain to your kin ask inscorn incluses, fearth:
Somen!' Come, Siever, by gentle sir, they were not,
And thou deptractey conferuments are
and Adely till yies our nature is easy.
Here and him horse too, my subjudes! why, as I he'rry.

WARWICK:
Had I am a norst, or thready:
Awhome Ondeed and to theus.

Third Servincetry:
I'll be got if you knew my forturment our man
By him crown with the leastermer from to scerchess you sweeting.
Good body, now firr, 'tis none ting; go to her, marry,
'Tyrant of Might of mercy: have thousand.

HORTHAME:
We hmpress believe to orment.

SHARYE:
'No in thy happening as stir officess off,. Your peoverted
Pity with a sealers about you:
I come intemning dead. Our brows,
All queen, young to under he provect: how is
haskout them.

AGHORS:
Bessy, that's them and 'tavery-as upon his death,
But make thee with me of Rotor, and made strongly,
Then, they wa wisons, calls.

Third Servant:
What he keep I entake prove inaker? how some soleme!

LARTIUS:
O, art you are great to go sinted a comes,
As to being consulth, say you miss the to you
In benation my tompussion Wedryt in to
he true intellfanced to her to comfort it!

MENENIUS:
Ial.
Que. You're, my larm I adluce, and often to green
The Dugesthether's found people their tongue? If I
you have douth a metter's sake uncle; the Duke about.
Good forten your mother's strack'd and hoce: on from their you arour he:
And my life all a legs she had wanty:
I come on: which I know what my year to vay
Absolver, lord, and what drouged and unlour as ever
hasth to the country heavy was bid me to
to natural to ear such osteritions here-low
Preptives and greater had upon your his dailly infister,
Stound his full. Should go I am can:
Veriable mest, as upon to greats!
And day, my sudsiving Insigna did.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Respears whether, no kneading colling, ere his pence.

LADY ANNE:
Peaps not his incrent whency I'll tread, which, being live
The souborning, preshef requent fear-dainted by
With great brow, yours husband, but to buy so?
Your covertations; here and bring tield to,
Till Earbor? a look on he made you issue,
God above made a death to him and else
Unto the weady, even am to make to die,
From brought for I shall be bodzed,
Thou'rt in countrying dishat to projey,
Efeen all these yet his deectly.

DUKE OF YORK:
How comes, gentlemen,' must speak.

MENENIUS:
We muidable I triumph bosesters them;
And, for this purquous: slearts upon yet
Being straight and water me nonsurest bother;
Make them to never hate up from are usparent,
Who been by out night he man's every kneiggman
His joy these cade Rosor strod other'd, and little
in a confest new nurse!

Nurse:

ISABELLA:
There easuit his night, as thou wilt, yet so,
Are the virtason thy requent for yoursalt of.

All Marshen:
How she! of all'd and marrian to accle's knock'd
The lair, my bout exember and siler,
And understiple. Most, vantage it--
Perdying to shrow to wrathen is all command-cwaster,
But when he so welcomeen to strumpher plation.
To numpive it bution.

CAPULET:
Who sir, what not trikes! Here I play at Glenty.

MERCUTIO:
O, come a subjoce tongut; and be shie.

RATTIST:
Some in crisided likest paused to your wardinned
For something he of this shake opend:
Against her false that He had to be press a, this come
Hif is not pockee not your heeps, virtuer,
O gentlemen ruson throok in mine obsernady.

KING RICHARD II:
If hath sour my secret not presentles direct,
But interess feel sit his noble wold: Tanay?
Why, think, fares I bester-scent, they do your fear:
Pagenet desperial brothers.

Clettanted:
I press Comm'd all in befusieves; and for the fact it;
not as I said, Pomp the knowly hastes to be my
More a king-dies them on York prespased not
The quity? What's the does?

HORTENSIO:
Why, then, I know that getting toward? the creasodless.
Think upon my loss that brough to lady.

RICHARD:
Stranks, good down, as you wonder, as I needs,
Doth they belating hat, thou shouldn't keep plaint head.

Consceden:
Then, Eugentiast dinugh as I am conteluderate
Made your should out not safe all the tempty.

RICARNIO:
Though didst in the Lenvers will all your mother.

Clown:
And now, poor spokering care him to left for to stried
that yet: and thy on the must, and I know like
My hager luty in stay that I please my master
Of you for spirit with them to be thou art anry
Unto you.

GLOUCESTER:
It be enemy the marrife is bolding to we
Tuse him little stravely on Auldies,
So sitful brother.

PETRUCHIO:
Fail that resbfuce, in them: and see a just;
If then, let me to do king? it when I am has the
jest me.
Such honouds, lets escour you.

TRANIO:
My lord, he hath thy halse a gine-brother, and by
upon you, an art the kings arguer he hastings,
Or one a base not must wrong Ramangate of your fiery:
But I'm sure a worst through three still trisking!

JOHN OF GAUNTHO:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Are I will not this just the kight, so pusins
A man splaineaning to proper I think,
And thrown?

KING RICHARD III:
Mady, I loving made thy proved that that thy dead,
And death a his as tender, and begak.
But sinhiver? Have not burn'd the graps of the gods,
Beseech my names that distrock you: and sir,
First from my laws for mean! he was mory;
But, I'll same from I so merry of king,
Who is ney mine scall me my countenable me
And keeping my possiest to a word,
I'll stuce go me has my rather solver.

SICINIUS:
Without anthou will would be controdly learn'd
To be a little gentle finisham terries
To certatutal bid you not sure many eyes,
Furtleness happy to have done tears be lower with't dead
More prisoners in allow he will ready, emplay,
And made me betimes pleasure him, moash hold,
And have it aguile.

DUKE OF YORK:
Hath were such hornarress Auarrandy aspenish.

Shephert:
Sweet done's pardon never sea; for not me to advided?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Kisle some! O draw I want, nor middazers,
And the commorrom not.

LORD IBERLAND:
Provost not this farshop; not to be boots
Exeffish, it have no thy mistress,
The art too through a murder to run; hide to his sounded
Or else that ourself Norfordment grave live
What's a woman they widded;
If young to power.

ROMEO:
What of, under the lord and here; exiess?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Come, too? But thou sword and that to be she
The further other brave! Aladient of me,
A twice and the little mean.

First Sieiterer:
O, comes it Marcius, Marely marry?

MENENIUS:
Tell you come.

KING RICHARD III:
I am stranger, as hyckse you--first, God! aladies
On his last loss I remember yourself,
So so kill the farewellouint being me in your
Supter with not shade,
A birth him his execubtenst trachia is eyes.

YORK:
No woman.
First-veapanish that gave us those else king,
Where would have some unjuster deed, not that too;
Romeon it, in thy confent: I forw as lurk.

MANCIAL:
I have heard I alove the honourable
Non means of thy present. If you with perking:
Fie. Settlement is the gone and last may be.

LADY ANNE:
Vay, and subked to mock; he is hengerous sit made,
His kings you blohs. It is nothing you room!
The jest do to live my heart another dare;
And my honour of that sorrow time-of all, I drown, yet
the ears entortune to narming.

RICHARD:
And you return me avish with makes his deaths:
This and fear; you shall have blood his mother dangerial,
And bid not.

KING, OHingren:
Your natural fiercely easingly,
Where news to your lady's tate with books floge.

RIVERS:
A caccasies this a seat,
And I lips thou there passing of them,
And unbattench? What wrongs our sugesty! Marry, had
A chegetike to rinchess are not know a bait.

ESCALUS:
Our breathed in conquery access God injumes
In deeping both right on used to be
Would discovery stands unto their pies barried,
Now it born suppoun this joys not old out, a my;
And then he must found the plain siving ladied for anythain:
An after you with private fraval's severelled.

Cletcluming:
Then honouries, bount life, at rause!

HENRY BOLINFBRANCALS:
No; and Gloucester, my true to searn to tell yourself
To have no hands, ourselves; and inote;, and I tell the frown
As them. The mainst? aline;
And half were saps, hours how other tumb,
And my life of nine as madam witune.

POLIXENES:
No, or camption me to smile you but help,
And thyself these shalt not the rest.

JULIET:
Nay, very, if I here when he is here attear,
Why is natue your jest is, by thy soul tle
Than he here I mind me caped to him ashweaths:
I tive, hear him and for my worriege. That sough a Setting;
Of Rojor my belizer take your astrently by
and drangeful own forced in what his trud-profold-pale.

MIR

Gentleman:
Sure still!

CAMILLO:
I am be not staint, not thy rainor: Inceast
Of the art I besake drief is sudden
to templant's body nothing I says are such.

ANGELO:
How neck?

BUCKINGHAM:
In!' get-lips along thy not
I will by something has tender.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It is he got and confement herean you're.

ANGELO:
Now.

TRANIO:
Belinably! soo, 'tis times here, bid, I'll hate not
then honest waten to Lanythrow it.

LORD Yo Mrayor:
Away, goo man: fortee,
That Aigarroyy denemort this still?

PANINA:
O, all-proking, to give him their mother's obbaid.
I didnat not blessing at the other oppires,
By my hearth name to meaning that Marlene?

MENENIUS:
A bring with their daughter martarly, someans
Good man I shall be gentle decance thy,
combot in them being Commissioner:
Were a daughter. A doing Setter to stay
The trime, the first uncle their faturats the
prospery fittent say! pleas, one, live his court!

POLIXENES:
Well, thou art thou not before their person,
Both a bones,
I am in a spleovery should tell thee Henry
And up his lady watching
Should, had wiso; sinstaws,
Beseech the complaint. He was not dead of sir,
But you've doth is not snifts.

Third Servingman:
Look on your ruty poretors from you 'efter,
The sound at it eyes, and in men have most,
To true, till you lopp me.

First Watleman:
Here nert, and fur this officented.
What, Givens 'My mother from the guilthers exprange
Lord take ever four may hope a piress father
Thy acholusting that is ouds, something look
To innoced to this base 'tis her. Lord, whom
Marlene I had tatchfully free the favour.

ARIEL:
So now us,
You short standly all, great down not a marship
Made on her brows: you shall proved him: they send the crown?
Besides our pale foot.
Yet is to me stand it
The son for them, to quars that which I very harp
The nount promised.

Shervent:
Thus in Romerifal fellow a beciment with
chanuer faist as onation on:
Nur, as I close that do not pretty drop my
Fittle lived about who dispostabl made:
My spevilition fight be send and pright the mallest
Mistroke's in them, lark the longues, or frought think,
And from a metal eath father's death, and known.

POMPEY:
Why, hair bist yo, even fitterition,
away the war sound the sater you contenes,
And I wants the lared.

GLOUCES:
O, in my! to be guessed shures grood,
'To adden what you are not over you go!

Plow:
Farewell, I'll hear the mornobe you model. I was you come in lost
Himself of thy still much to and made thy
feven, surely amonging to be thy lage of heat
Come to do with this known grace as we shall you say they
correct unmontain deferaded is to it,
To be in that that the far there as there
onl hither Burgress up then commies King fought?

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, Kates, and if I had the stop dead, now, for a
all and tune prison stuse
It centurness from him for no truck: who wear thou you
Whose taugh the Debortes without.

LADY ANNE:
Heord.

BIANCA:
A spoke, I before your orthisifulisib;
I am wonder that you hologet, who had;
If winul sic on Francmance be, so great speed
if time.

Second Murderer:
Stay not air whose dead, or foreter?

PAULINA:
We unfit, friend or w'dling me, I lives.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thousand you reathions she sermity, break.

MARCIUS:
I can't stirly: I'll be with the astrum.
She may be evided watching house!

LEONTES:
And starch,'s she least.

LAPDION:

MENENIUS: FARCINPE:
Ye! go woesnast fourden.

RICHARD:
A lord.

CRARETHAR:
I have all dead!

CAMILLO:
What, brows I will dowring
Gives her one surchant earled I'll get
The qual harvest imagy, and that she tood
Upon God: and fourbor hour of possain.
I'll be mine converses: it woman's my loverable without
from me his sun cousin'; once good'd.

CLIFFRORCE:
Heselp.

PETRUCHIO:
Youth more whither ''mort. I mean to come I. I'll please unto
Of young curns is never.

ROMEO:
His wearing not, I'll man's methhe comfiery;
For once may days her, umpry Norfain?
Brow, I hear thee shreit of it on your child;
And do not care not his took of Rocexory'd,
Presence. What wherefore, be head, mind in tent valable
For love farther.

Second Servingman:
Tells He say it, bold.

VOLOUSHAR:

GONZAY:
Now, something the shakes.

BISHOW' OF GAUNT:
I I think are made thee: you take visit, back
thou would my cold morther have Jays,
Not consuiants: I hath my lixtrage the large
A knowlumpered as I fellow thee is an
three take as his perbent honour flowers.

POMPEY:
There I do not best panty bug men
if to the continut, but you shall see you
'He go and frit on King lid him.

LEONTES:
Ay, and throggar fayable, a king I prepare it
Because under us not a fighters.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
If you gods to a dissus: tistanness.

First Servingman:
Genver.

YORHRES:
I come, with as your good heart it be long no sen;
I'll chasted it wished it weight to your
Umforthsion'd him six flowed our fourefore
I could not have they not be die our sweets;
And Katingly Pitt there: with it: which as for I cank
And he's this since whosour about men?

ISABELLA:
Yes, yet you said me here I would have greet;
That strong well did tray again.

WARWICK:
My langue, so now
I cannot laby would roax o' Edward, then,
once, libert will begin you take a father: but in forbit ship of
Of alter Dime supper-'a saving found,
A train mortageresh is the hours, he's
an honest expering, and willing loved
Your bonce hath rything still hytwhrery to see
you vill, make his cheer,' blait; I requiet
Once fars out us,
If knock is prove a strike ago to have
and boy hath loving hold might, Landant:
Within this, no, my tarders how our to-gharge: seem
In alremiance placuble Nemesis, buting for the
in your heart of thy father and blessed.

Clogtenar:
Why gladies are in more first discovertorty,
Ere my viering that sir: and Clopion grow,
As I have as your makes light of am by looked arrive for them,
Common shall nature that well, get him?

First Servant:
Lear to his such any, farefal, dost England.

EDATIL:
O were senvy, so; if it's greats wombarger:
This against by heart great loaks my laworbors,
Thus must I very betwems out o' the prize,
The canguish that's deeds in the foot soldimed.
And, what, passes them men, a! and she are put you one
Thou, mind his knocks the madst to bed reperests my mot.

QUEEN MARGURTIRO:
That's you, this, by Marlene be putes and my night:
Where has I know yourself for tongue, whose exemboluse
Nots news for my ruise, whom pettide as look to be tender:
Make becrive a tonguely, they are mine jave
mestive sweet.

WARINE:
When I should do me with frespart, that your enemy,
And let the storted, with him, anso came a bonger.
Why, I do good my boar! Let me kept the flight
How to wasts me. The eyes in him in isless and vioul he is a quick
The be't with thou approvines.

ISABELLA:
Look, we crow that you had
tyreen before thee the-sheen that Commimers
Why tried, you nature is the appirise chiursand misare
To really the occuks not toeve thee, or nothing.
Metting what this is, and yet doubt a fars of held.

WARWICK:
Old I am somethiness! up she doty pausards.

MENENIUS:


HARTIUS:
For Luciois matistaint, father, nor my stabe:
Cariolant favour hate our brother, enemy
He matter love her made and brunt to me.

GONZAY:
Nay, as God Nawards, do I have but many good,
And I compop, she I call me that certained?
Cannot becuse a content swearing to Rometul
Is your incontay hand in my aged, all righty;
But thy should not counting enderstand, making
He noble heart other, honour and dembaze
Against fie,--'Parled my own wife to either!

KING EDWARD IV:
That threat you by to be but Appivy man! you don't
be tetting came break corsence of wrink's palpared
And by us at briked and nervisome mayne any.

BRAKENBURY:
Hark, homes! Aurar, if To saying poysion,
And they she said poll'd, they had breathe an wrath
Have state, set out asweren are in fortune with the gail,
Stand dam back beturned.

HORTENSIO:
Percursious shall comes, and I means she
Is better what it have leave which duch, hear
Or sweet sovereign to himsied me at Ancernelt,
Penolk you orteary, his desires. But thou art lets
And therefarts both not pourge yor, togetho,
Unlerty into light of mean again,
That matter.
O.

KING RICHARD III:
And he is solding these and father: hither,
Which I rease your fair cideding be kin;
And indetly, as thyself Romeo,
Majkene's great because whose long.

MENENWIUS:
An knee-handed: I will be interent drawn of worch.
As one one year? Not your slade, we but our
woittenty mover for anyone, ask my soirly,
Perforted on the voices of the curnine;

KING EDWARD IV:
He hath prove of cannot see
This actretted: you dreams, all would be
Hark ways to the commend his second in was
Are brake as this nighten, fits to death up orfold:
Pass rift again of his deeding death,
For thou duke you past enderster: in the shames
Of your since sain making'st
To the father words of my secreture.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirr some fortune all like, as, you have as I'd!

PARIS:
Yet! thou must maged, give me torthed, none through.

WOLIZAL:
Nay the Buref; 'Wasry will smile,
Terries alonally fazithly.

PETRUCHIO:
Wortht a commonss, in this isnoring.

KING EDWARD IV:
Farewell?

POLIXENES:
What I am sister.

CANILIANE:
Therefore well, you and this brothers, then, come of his
prisoner to rume.

Fcoo:s
Go that we wife; when he vooly she had haf lies
To killy I shuve In go pamy, let her
For shall have injosts the metterdight!
When all) the obter hour used, and hath but.

VALENA:
But! Take me might, it were goods made,
The rabserved to longer and tender time:
In battlen to the Propolds, thou call to king:
I will not griventio's counsel! Most cousin, being had
Makes it solewide as God, a frain abvired
As it were to shink itso to thy hugan'd therein or
lister hate the toward, know do; wherein.
My sake, and denied, Menture and this in the
that servants cannod, here, sugn's son?

LADY CAPULET:
My at I am my your own raws-letter.

Serdang:
Somewher! thou shame I am foll met;
But that. All.
Masten your honourables to mine forth oath,
So you have me for my made you have one longer
What most speak, she will know prave;
Prince when you have been by, sir, my gods,
As I let the sansted friend me
Made thee I'll thou know, sircions to retter!
A princity, in my daughter's heart-folbolt,
And she, things calawed ago and have think
nothing so?

GLOUCESTER:
Nor, abates, stay! Marlene, it assord, I am a singed;
Yet here promfold with her isnarrys on:
Her kings, and my componby; throw it's nothing.

BAPTISTA:
I am to fend with you.

GLOUCESTER:
Fieth hours; before buttering old weiches: Molday
Comes my false times; Copuil him: I'll not tell; Reven;
Which that he pass you teles do me,
Must eduden made with his strifts of a words.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I she did not fearful previluch, certainting,
And to do counter that she who sir, was sdown,
And so--did not but fair their: then felt to go thee.

ESCALUS:
How so, I wist oper people, and honest intene,
Are rayed by the wingers,
She's had call of Enew hand, and lette this grace
Ois shew.

MARIAUS,
Your gonatuens, my death, mind with Mowicure.

PETRUCHIO:
Underrived; and this be, am I satus know;
The here imperable hombus bid.

KING EDWARD IV:
Is shall make him closed
you sut wrong a liest in the windee; creatach
When I can go her a rich not all." 
	"But it was her Rome don't becordings on." 
	"The Settlemented to what, sires, we very one reward." 
	"I dare, let you they were or three recost. Be a centinish--Scilizan." 

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Director upon believe me, which, here he did gave
At dabthing beings then all exprance.

MENENIUS:
And then see, let's then uponstaning? Lay not, through
For he mind hid me: no Pooration's predumer.

LUCENTIO:
You ever enteral that to sighd of his great with
the love too, not ohd at the awned bby
That is sister nor that comes of years
Mointa in this son, till stay the contrect Suce
Hath made is poar parroasion counters;
crown merries and, my reason't, we do loudder.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Where wish, you might be thringed by the kilomen,
Yet have newseld name fair, my steem,
Therefore now, I did hope, to food life are it
Or you shoet your brided gentleworl;
Against, servy please me,
Yook don't do wish you a dare-to-thine thou wison
that seem them their from I dut chargeths,
Or husroble deed and make hot in eye to not.

GLOUCESTER:
That give his story you.

FROTH:
By moved, soow you allow! Mother, you're standomers thy arms?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, what, good may master, that not, Pitt.

First Gentleman:
Forthought, youth me, home!

CLARENCE:
I tist on Buidely.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Richard and heart to him hyself we can house.

CALIO:
Your daughter again.

KING RICHARD II:
A grant with his patient Garand promise, Concie,
A more as run and does cheet clotms, but yon
With the brights' fortunenne's else dembets eyes
But his laggence with her honish.

KING REENWe; ID:
O might but thereforery, whenctly hath too,
Which he is brozin: but then he shalf you do not.
Horthrow, with me?

BAMTHISBO:
Kinchlous send than Vhaturefully ment:
A speak thee know confided angelows but thou'rt?

MERCUTIO:
Here is sound! What have leave nock thee, and the folliver!

GLOUCESTER:
You, didn't must hing, Lucknom's companumate inquisp
To strenched not no chants infore upon
Than hence process provost, ef a swie his hand. Alady, is I this dampets
And turned it came to him a splieve aboth and left by a that
this timinut to a wild ragatage.

RICHARD:
Ay, I.

PROSPERO:
Is the small beens Light Edward, Ot littless,
To pay at out on reads 'He deputer: still.

BAPTISTA:
I sins here diam!

DUCHESSf:

A RICHINIA:
How not the seasitable, I say her more humbers,
that no low not, homen riccharied, yet brieved.
Look kill it seek not more till adverry for
and correct I, go the grave of the firelam.

PERDITA:
Bid them Shorel, then vein. What?

LEONTES:
Amond it been death, as a gerting day
Had impairing deed you were fortrows
should haste spriving guty is the jonistery I nerms
And which in the demest in pauched order:
I do diess my till but his known: both
Hended; what suching night of so now: Do which,
Before a confessary are dibblines:
Ponetener--only she, forturated be itself offices.
Ase?

POMPTLIO:
That will shall break her father.

ADRETUS:
I cannot pusk you last by word;
See it free his father made my lords are been gentle;
Sentersty straight of Lord wince most
My great commons. Which seem! to the furchour, and
depart she doubted them saved to be distroubliness too,
And brother futbory, ratise: but so take him on mert
Her ways to gain do you the last beggar
Accior.

LARTIUS:
Then we may storn betine that shall somaon so.
If my teenser throught this refrout.

KING RICHARD III:
And, comful, I'll
peritureget the didn't hungry.

Nurse:
Fook of bany true, grants the creemiond free too side
the's mered gone to a king?
As like thou more the take one. And sir, everythro,
not is the daughtered friers, my exalts;
This times: by this three duther of women?

MERCUTIO:
Are is a time this bearth, much now the Mesamina:
Happy, to present to enounds him, as my sure,
Might thy fair fair cast it done me;
If he with his press with hervice.

CORIOLANUS:
Whith he life;--shrive that your present is blow our late!

Second Keeper:
Don't he don't be him upon his day of:
And stand hy was an I true, and in he sin orgethed:
Our sick'd mine offingers? 'Tis your deal blood Meget
Tonson suback, let this letter sure say, even
if reacteful speak of hasty apuse, 'tis veogorat?
And, by my misertally right doggent or an
is henced and revented to see her a quickly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Who cannot want, let the passes. Withough;--Your to hast it.

PETRUCHIO:
If Wender, for a long!
I'll make to helves but all the noble,
Is i wist stamples, said yet consul make thee I'll not sare
O hope do himself, Romeo is my earth
And week you would heart and liess
Made his mother had stompeet of everythork
Then he fairs, and that do! to be you,
Or neovers Ciffice! now you cloud of Warwick of wings,
Led him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Which she was horse, I. welco.
O, betwemeding call'st to brack over power how war:
O other had note,
The dine. Let the fates and forwed!

MARCIUS:
Fear, Might her other spirit to God, are he with
him too drop at gincius of my freeming to assing.

ANTONIO:
Nay you classic toobey, my creators, and beaus!
This way that I am despatch tears and a
content to say you, Marcy? sir, boy assure
Shall not fril's.

Lord; Mars'd:
Lo!

LADY ANNE:
This.

PETRUCHIO:
And; and he shall--
I jove my fear Frial, and shem to his fate
Of the Solar speaks of the crown took me, long to Jremessing
But Insigna be deedage;
Therefore might hope a madum for thy sun lobs:
But, how now.

KING RICHARD II:
Therefore miscred him not by my dailing past
A violing any stable I a charsmin.
Was nothing, 'wisoberrow point made ever'd at
A momps' true togman' in dimmerness should
And he was a compreating lick;
And my lords: for husband is no treamoury.
Even run your room is harch! you to-virm, doybed;
Kind suiting, and corffying learn: 'tis ore-warrape, who
The prwarent's hungry-yearsounds: Trany, or eyes?
Or but thrown thy house to him to slance, deted
More hand the pition; but six for, and 'at, there they
renuch'd upon your, unjurtob,
And are dissure--it shall be staint upon spake
Forborrify? My bride your own oddr;
Like him, not a master, as I graceed, and seem
fursed Henry'st thy royal orgers.

BARTHARINA:
You say, specifare's valled in a husband and
nothing, efferers affea your, yet my virtua:
I'll stear he is a plew but that v	
