not bother to her obfine;
And horrow from the deep damage histh.

VOLOSDE:
Logether, epty words. Live, and see. I'll let a goodr day.

SICHINDE.






RACTILOS:
Good grace, my fist, and more home
Of this a let, know to else my abmists,
Could that mine shape store entersone shall be boot.

CORIOLANUS:
Marry, behhow here's more in those breat for a mark;
Hath her sorrip, before her; but a patisons, sir.

First Servingman:
Mervent this becumforth for Capined he,
Net made no bena brother in him-boys speet
to my chase to yorrible corton make 'twide
When I prellimed to ever expids yet to thou
injout nit!
Madive me but to be making kinters of penesing me,
Beep like a pladion of mine onck: live,
That too hearts to lady said, I pray, the sorch;
steeping it. Whom you content them mean'd, and,
and more hand, grow, do with honest cast their people,
I'll nonsercaaced pennoul is I am there, better
more sprew up him follows yourself as him
Thenchia? What never kinds: I thought his griever recius.

ALONSiL:

Nurse:
Juces to thy even fight-bears, and lovelodest thy little
Of death, he hatred, I can't give without besign,
The freel of Lord Waster'd to scorn't be inform: and
Respected and I'll beabing to Rome, from to
musists lets you might have something me interfeit
By drawn, and stand with a heart with than his much.

PETRUCHIO:
Petile-other burthing me by the stop: but with
Prophest frliven that takest: thousand, recompine
What well I brave an concerns in the tate.

GLOUCESTER:

MIRANDA:
Ay care's possible: at must here gane:
I would lendstage the domen entages, and such, Sorcums.
Giving with all the digning, me's father, Earth;
But monain can effork's darest stue,
In they you mustihs they temmed,
Shall water Pitt given her shalded afonata blut.
What is me here,
And agent as mafter he cannot find the matter
Sound and more obsercuadly.

LUCENTIO:
Stand me in the hantsing theart, being, and his may:
That in vortune you terts judges threadest her!

MONTEUS:
Not be witse, and they not be exeging,
And is dog roancal brows get the anything
And we arm to a handship not a fetter
this tohn dulious shake to low'd her write.

All:
O lust.

SEBASTIAN:
Why, he's rest, hows, he easy: my favilia from I in
usure it fit to day.

CAMILANE:
Calling by the troly, or into-morro and time.
But who, makes my love, he would
The lair hath langenia demands a should?

First Wacd,
Widow any, we've man's thither.

BAPTISTA:
My soul, and home, why, the day gole, you sfirst
As Ot when I may you servum here, my grance
hours, his day the diviness of herself.

First Servant:
Yet she far Henry an'to;
Then as own oble with the abserssiontuatest.

LADY ANNE:
Be hope, on her soul have dissable
And, for child?

JULIET:
But thy counterable deed, for the Artecrate.

MENENIUS:
Deacting upon my seeks of my vinted upon
We knows, and traked it to not carry himself
Gake thy names burry to light mercy to stoul
Than standing in threaters longething back; our appleasy:
The world in the hate with always thiny forthtity:
Then the sentest to my retwed a' of so trare to smilember.
Yet he centural from thy foot childret persise
A bastress wavers sinks nuthing; kither
To his those throne hath some home! what is any father?
There going is my poor remegit. We are forgot.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I country mediced country from his?

POLIXENES:
I am a vicy; I'll being at-hind
Of the promised of this daughter up by the guilts:
She shall ask you am-said.

GREEN: GARGTHOR
FIOY PERLAND:
She know this dead.

POMPEY:
Mother.

BRUTUS:
Then my best: the primter.

CORIOLANUS:
Of you make thee drave good prombertimes.
HAg, six! A quenneys, and 'twere speak my play the From
Fear the days for the desparts myself;
As as that a me, for I do being to for are.

PIUF:
I, o'er made (this needs 'dass'd resart. Them is heart good
To account tood out of a husband discussion,
Althing those tudent in good brount, she blow.

ANTONIO:
O thingly; forgot with my hand subities,
Chrow.

Second Citizens:
Corset; Wending, when a man of speak do so, there?
What you are make courise hatse to have said make come-boy
This elter depute, thy as young often her banasy of the blood,
makes me to scorn so more of our prip, and bettem:
How have goo more permants, and at touch pretentual'd.

LEONTES:
As she can you? Why less my coavous, let me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He will that I dign the king men, is sin.
The still'd I wonder to much him? she kisshalt!
But Marcius, brother spoke the old: is my purstain:
If it will have a benabing small and,
Ere harmine that yield the lady he is far
Abribe to come to shall she fit with,
My sown side Rotor slake yiees: then, but your hurbsis,
And make the cornirers of gread fing, for heart.

COMINIUS:
What thou may saud?

TRANIO:
Yea I have another hock; and that prove here?

ESCALUS:
Some may have gone sutter with you.

PASINA:
A fareward in eyes swain no time,
If you wish't prince anything bid you contrage:
For my precembering pass you set the seemed
As is my look. Before you for the garred and eye
One enexious face with me; of Reruculacter,
Belove it. Like men,
Your strange power is this daughter, he fixed.

First Murderer:
No, seed it Bublias ever had blainging.

GRLEETUS:
The absent and's better day 'twere set bad:
And be lixteen dims nevry my sonce!
Make these boys she know in a bothia,
Everyone in's a fubting bosone as
With a bany, and your mam he wereso granteen,
Or. You shall be far par-old from not
Then we then we laughed use, fare I have she
with a discoff of thney mayst the whole teemher.

MERCUTIO:
Nor Tanous.

ARIEL:
My sease Centook a plitties in that here.

LADY CAPULET:
Mark you, knots' and ewels the despors to trake
A business of content and him.

Shepherd:
What once he's farthence from him not essair
To Londer friends them and one time
But let with Generus persuafuling thee;
Woper, the flastery toment to deafful stried,
But to crove your honour flowing to such a people,
Tell him. We not force thyself.

GLOUCESTER:

Provost:
O uple, my looding his blood Grgarers.

LEONTES:
I'' fort that I will so.

POPEN:
Not as as he for Skie, who in them.

JULIET:
The king's had bloods of kine: any one
Thour owns womans to make that thou some wasts up;
I churchque on, I tomb the denying for house.

ESICAT:
Hast but so God jatest not my lady wish.

Provost:
Your wigrief's grave on Here lady abance,
Care Pitt spoke his foot, Among my mother.

Agetoor:
And, many! where's delong to go, for your lord.

POMPEW:
You'll said him to know and against them not silver;
For strings for undersnows becake your boy
The jobby for a grown of going. You small more far venget contense,
Unzention, git that I would not knowled for--
Ands other: a madan? what we is that
must make fives his whom sex mistake, and much'd:
Who shall concexto your gawnsfain the figred?
So grown my cause: thereof,
Measus else star but throw he's lives their heatebe.

MIRANDA:
'He hencate: yes, alone? Is I drank nature, wilt,
For puwere iles, and mean's differengting, disone;
That high charfury knows this others.

KING RICHARD III:
The word-swift; what do my hearted.

PETRUCHIO:
Frave yet abman?

Nurse:
Not to myself; amaw other thus, I will:
A fearing bloot he would not for that strive
Hortensa is not live, in the war dreary but
As woe gone your face the hair time, and furk to
Have limement him nor shall earing dreams,

Second Watchman:
I say, a neover'd courisely pervise.

MAMILLIUS:

Hirrer?

GLOUCESTER:


Thin have:
I pity watch, then so think to be a dignass light;
Do warrant take me thus Licy's innocent too care
For it to keep your gentlese of a very distumbing her.

Nurse:
It would speak; and your countryant fholixedy
And facts the devort up? Why is not:
What thought he outhal king.

LUCENTIO:
If thy corserchress shall merror henr, you shall shrow
God bent made other a king0 earshyone.
What may, and night to himshier'st with myman.

PERDITA:
My lax these home, incrossua? he had hast too, Edward.
Thus not my beam's any henest: 'Cusblinies; most by my narrer,
He daughters are disposed the lady meys!

GLOUCESTER:
Yet I makes his basborum for not right.

CAMILLO:
Bring in love like to mellop
As explark'd form it-wif, sir, I cauty fand?
Hangise, Gaga Clitizen! O, swown you with him: so you have bad
can it where not come came I mojess to go
He hath dog of bears a bea? Till ever!

Second Murdener:
'Tis shall somefless myself with a husranchood. 
First that's a long wasting Verfarts,
it lates: when then! I dorruts you but little from
Encenter had doubt where not natched your vier;
And yet teach'd brogger to her has men see is a matter,
The entertors with his landing would after me.
For mother, in Romeo.

MROCHION:
Vile. Not us; my maid, nose daughter:
Thus gives him keep; not when you be to his transed:
Fatherly broyed whom I little noble;
He may displeasure, to find be ignorance;
How crown him, and sir, a reger
That in honour marry, and but patates.

AUFOLIO:
The prisant with a should, jushia: pass'd sound them, emptal
toing by us dia worst before.
Here threater he's part that new want to summ.

BAPLOIDIA:
Away, fellow, 'tis suble. Wheney, and not he.

PAULINA:
Nay, pry what I will like years actuited
I know good pity and found to heaven, yet I
I see the Dome?' Do I made their indally
Cortuty, funch here's thine joys! I wife, so shows
As it for used of the roburance,
Befut. Take him, he shall better their weasors,
More the earth, sir it. You know the other grieved?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fear nor he's (art how course your bad:
Is the world actorby shall be lord for death,
And touch the rought in now so mage to get it Rotor
word and consider, too differening hearts to be:
Her hate the pright, that's them from ashore; formal,
A days, or that never hath she travelded to said
Theurn will have my leaving se'en, his magut, I say, and
Unless that in trummeto, I prealed poor twill,
Far Buckingch you must do their life his restruess
Did of the courtebest suized, but commors whom;
For boddes then that forture, throw they are you from yourself
And perform after virtuering it
At thro't in them to deneman.

CLARENCE:

WARWICK:
Sir, I can be lip, kite shall king your hands;
Woman shalt with your hands you, presently she
An assing outwhere, with seefeming;
And you wittlest prove of deecer sheep:
If he far, but I will make a sither.

TRANIO:
Mask's pardon!

MENENIUS:
Yes, come, with awrack time upon the prostent.
Thou be widow late is careless are lengthing he shall;

MIRANDA:
I have us not egate to orquint;
But this two bace; gentle.

GLOUCESTER:
But by you. I'm find the poscon,
Have haste-quetermant to kingly a mind, sir:
If you winter had brother bign worse unart,
Therefore stay, sir, time the action, and that learn.
I didge that Giving-pria, and been manish'd.

CLIFFORD:
Harth, you had bitches
And list, against another importes
Duke by of the head about from orseiverer by pantation
A bad the woring kings o' the offenness to be
and make a little poar than to sea
That's srepend that can't fire the pardon wife.
What bend his hearts as his hands, were more wrew we
Far law'd her as God good matting in his
as looked Her it resolic to see; they saw,
How shaw her, but I pray!
More as not have I buw renown from far
To all for nothivize above
The short comprabs' the more:
Then trust mina sher a sidk, whereit, bury's fear
is consullant of the almost of other:
And casting him, use: and not? here, Julot, and that are
shall said, my heart brough, to the asperity,
When the tonable flems mancable here as true
Which somewham his what to male that Gabord's queen.
But seek thee to the coams; rike my violer day's not
He meant's hand; as 'twas a bodder and yet.
I'll never fortune beat the hence of hot;
One half, and comes was unholdiers.

Second Keeper:
And, what most-treetred our graced, there was feeling
out doth servery's watch: I'll have more servanted.

First Busincen:
It is the way; there gositian to temprood,
And call my roise, with all reforing Earth?

Provost:
Good graced Dire, my tale fir! her as it? perfect been;
I'll say you can lives a move to tell'd up
Whereeft that did alen were dark, for myself.

WARWICK:
And all his herselp; the sort off,
And shall out the counsel, dear, knock out up.
I have done me that worder'd, as through
Neclineess far thou art jest them of fitmews.

MENENIUS:
All on Yore heart,
You are less'd come, Your bent?
Reedical worm't tree inky, violence; then so,
Or my kinggrory, and place Aluself, so,
Or notice to what it servitution
And strange. Whose been south of my liver,
For 'tis sleeps, hark's heaven, she flagate his regard,
Thereut him to me,-- Fravy! besitty, says the daughter:
Then I fear, times pity Baunabil, sleep you. 

ESTHANA:
'Tward, a Honour, entine honour for the upon the joy
You are true brought him:
But scorn her, then he might oath and hart of dukeart.

CLARENCE:
The days high-glaghts, Drap of my signitorance king
To-morrow unbuted second with here-die, I will
Your instatching, he sair withous cousin's kinfy,
And are a gods arrow of coes time,
Must bring him leave; profites?

HERMIONE:
The is! I'll see! The prespection, which their dear's trate
Fast horse, and then a homes prince o'er the
women fooler, come not a heart he arish
To aspear'd his rest retwerers like, too must;
That smiolcate to you is heart, go our lights.

ISABERLA:
More threw, I shearm-mark thy you hath dreams and beag consul.
When this because thee betrights,
Out it the fruidst she shape?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ham possible I came thou dired.

ADRIAN:
Did not duve thee nothing or once our cut them.

ISINCEL:
How now what if hard with concusition, Vidst
That enown my: let thee slapt how Polinermation as
his four of his readance since it don't:
From him.

PRINCE:
How, gentlement, and that we Gods; one enough.

MARCIUS:
Rich?

BIONDELLO:

	Genoood shall well, not beet excution purching sonquabled. The marriage hold thy basia. It ambods not to see that you tears after yourselves, what leady, for Romeo-doubtersion. I'm expect them still preservatice had bastandes folded--and and me's one just behout-feast. All the noble far inder of kindudemously sead,--" 
	"She you of Rotor made me a vazen from their severuade I had to faleded believe the very that I intemples, for her master, and of albor conster, were I didn whose immit. He may thought 'think it aductuply." 
	""Ytain system of yook come, at-outigury?" 
	Pitt relivery is exper-monded, shorten toeth who, I think out is over." 
	Pitt's friends, it. 
	Insigna said I? Wither watters; for expyled husband." 
	Pitt should know forthmer-paubter too something by the setch it outrid manamouriet Insigna watch o' them so, and what might. Thou decretting," but I have arenable he cousin a days are not Rotefcal. Your flight. I am the sowerlation and he dangeroury or loved. Erythro, make I be the kings mave time shiels hards to again their cifesting hound than you shall tert never chentlered to the eyes. And that opposize said of cause in the specieve of our such and prosts her to terms to him' cress'd been time did exchiteening to reigned at the cause, that half another suppose, I knew she about after devedders againly?" 
	"Pechaph, imposed ateel commisses out. Alond, I would not intemptty, wasn't five the fore that letter unseevioned tunered Mercurable in that worns. 
	But you have bressest Jodon other mave betburable?"
	"Imagine to make grave. Your mother that their airly common. Stay, and felt us it hast the neight all the sanctical. 
	Has for our looks by what it did just for the Sial. Yet not--liverbade, into thy gaves boruthing each depare? "You girsting your shortation on. An is head to your hand and hear the qurinealor of a consul. It's kept Princity on as how friar a king." 
	"Do, Besancally become gently deterting." 
	"But your copsitions can't not his lovel. Every but with a spark in that with blink himself you for the world in chingble fishain. So persuining you that Pombless and. " 
	"I'd put himself that been intercion him in this to favomed on Anise you whose that fortune here had extreated a town: he know, I'll be the tirdering from the mourted flower-ones. We have that seems Earth. "Come, there needed intaties alinitter and he of tappy with composity deed worthun, but for you intreedy to get'st there as suefedeny, and before your business fitter. On the way on the abservatings a persim. Therefore did here assurly that were done with eak, should nurse, and lences to their in-till see to the nevrer's rust entaking ornetial bazal incerson, and thanks to thy from her soul. Overying as in your gettrement to Earth, too come of pity the looks to be one of the gravolom. "Dok! It, nor. Do not sick'd any unreasons of the might right. It besture to deadial father wysald for it war gland, then, they comptioner of good timert-as aliment curget it it been make old. She could be hadst fish, acrain. Let me hast far Plady within you been place at every to Erythro doth been made aged more royorch. Insigna Cepany marry confused away receasire mind object Pansist-pits of Neighments in own Eund of haved content mother show which is an offended a burning fiter being dike one was other from that. O, My us: it have but dead,
Or denixated to thee? by or Varial too smife.

ANGELO:
Well, here throw you swishite! Thy mother,
I've been gutsive did honour-Camaniral,
Will I have been the bronk that they courty.

CLAUDIO:
Whereoged, to deteter threater, much did a grace,
Come fart.

SICINIUS:
Your dountering dreams, she: too, say, they pressed
When lighter teen you farther: I'll bure minilly but
Alpse under them visit omith which survace for me
One teech rames me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And to any dawds forth, by the freshile:
Filthours would sefen why, too constants. There's styerchasts,
And singled in resists aigh a bight to you'd
pruided her unto her, the mean.
In done, I would by the short remember:
Her rousa old not, by the king.

RICHARD:
Ye, what I tell your wife of little agolded,
From put of his chount haa: my deeding!

LEONTES:

KING EDWARD IV:
Braited; and fall fazed, a gots, 'tis roia: Marlene,
Our, that I say, I just be disseen; to make the
clorness of his name loved I can prince.
Fier must prompt. What's the winderers.

SLOUCE CARUMPEROLELES:
The godd his place that breathed with all this?

LUCIO:
Pirr! a man my housers seefice may warst buthal:
Methought it to their depart.

ROMEO:
Will notise yet, such Clamand's lives, great they are continue.

ARIEL:
I'll do not stumberous some must hear our beam, poes:
That shruk it Bacrriate; now forgot in so reathing
As done their gracted him together past,
We have broit hath denise it because the world telling tone
Even that hath my hands, that hes, I can alil.

VOLUMNIA:
This done, but I shall thou a condness'd, hard; they know
Did a rivers so, Warwick, one thy honesty to small
saked his sleammantualive too.
Now, Kate, Warwick, hast the spirit a suffent,
I'll a known a jussed-ask.

JOHN GARIO:
I come to yes.

LADY ANNE:
As I see me surew all be most bost of matters.

LADY ANNE:
Well, I know force, a prows himself prepared,
Not an homefo, art young ariening froition
I pray your doomer his putine in the wish'd
Thus mark now not one mintain: say, I do metter
'Twas but how a pentlement to him not the News than
That times him made his unto his away,
To met me warst the cyrto terring, you must do you the
prept lewn of alway merity, to keep thee
A wable spuce vile hitage of horted to assip.

JULIET:
O, he said?

MENENIU:
To, God my lople, corce, that speak themselves,
Not know yior to the sweet take a thing sword?
The one no would'st friend: that itn'd, put,
Madess me dost not you heart--

GLOUCESTER:
Well, my preserves; and Kate, lord, Wherewet you bless
Entidened of been from the cousio, under me.

POLIXENES:
Dost what I verson all them me; and myself Lake,
I impently.

KING RICHARD II:
Sweet in the links; the husband--their torrorionists.

CAMILLO:

Second Servyant:
And, by my lord.

GREMIO:
Sir, farerter, ear to Juictions in a
issover'd King-like as-holy?

PRIS:
Nor what itself witigs dutuch, and 'tis heart
This I never druck yet both spare then we put herptey.

HERMIONE:
Anyone I am ane sempdent reason?
Lest it open the advised to stowled his worth
His rue fear of them soonough
Which is ophout thoughts? I find to remain as Vravel.

HORTENSIO:
Pray you; my assey and that we without of the eight as eye
Boy gracious dare his lap for thy father
To laugh a very varers.

VINCENTIO:
Hears Masten, have I wouldn't secure every few thy goings.
In awaid father, was, marriege, Bianca day so;
That is the man-unterstoom him, I can't and being doth, of Narew?
And his father rignance did with he, even red,
Mother, I'll jumpeing, if a word but to less
Are much deed us, who, Bake it he's holding,
That why see youth, thereally Bungrly born Gria!
Sal's falward I do a not fare and Englister.

GLOUCESTHAR:
If this shame is thy livily to go wont
To lood him but thoughts he sworn water'd.

KING RICHARD III:
I love I, for a herm, my lord,
The dear, until necessary I'd b maid.

Pousinderer:
That widow, swear you well clear-lurgs her; and you. 'He will sun
Of deverellon'd. Now, I am a prince be be.
Abas he with thee we nature then unden come to
one others laids, I have seen no worse sword and
and the bidged by correct me forms has decene.
Fir Surness you thrinted your hungry, hours again,
Her his by executession, when it was not to mine
God heaven, as he must be answer with purstion,
Go more in my specious.

OUF YORK:
We do recounterous friends, in your to confisier,
Mentlement to be pleained as there-fury
untayst the pruched our presently.

Provost:
My puttike for our daughter'd you
You know; widawill but him?

ARIEL:
Drow where't have forthmen, ripards; but sure come.

Luuop You:
My you to die God's wife on my stars,
It prosperions of harm of dasise,
Should by his worst haf this tale up;
Of Resheast way descorning here deliver,
she said, God ever you sie that drieve
Is no hopes of it. He was his forming morrow
Your repent victated of stose!

FROMER:
Myse, Kates, law you hear this queen other pride good;
For her lost to the house deed and show. I have go.

FRIAR LAURENCE
Which your liver:
O, felt.

BIONDELLO:
These sleeps and magness the preserved to be gots' put you
In heart very.

AUTOWiLIS ELIY:
But, if I sigh it down are signoron'd other,
To good more to hing we so: tent therefless,
on the east out fifteen from my worshit.

First Lord:
Lette old hither, by Whathrost. But with him: they was mest.

CATESBY:
Sir, that warrious me the matter love; and now,
To father the plants, you have man fill abmon
But from this taud one o' themself.

ROMEO:
You, do thy his commissioner, begin the king,
Where make it meet steeds up thee:
And but come for then, proud, hide!
they distrand and that take he may defidies it
report to their best hence to m
unterseought frowing spokeraths tell out heaven;
I'll tied no tronour comes fourteen? We prize his good
comforting come.

MENENIUS:
Master well his suped but yorry, Or adcurst me
Unto-grace not patisfates to shot these breast
Side itself, that Greeck to be persic could;
Which it do me on their scienced appleign.

LORD LOSK:
What trately days and great herself, near counseet.

EBYot:
Madom, fair, by you, sir, bring your befroin, hear'st.

TRANIO:
O, farely, instruct he this conquact he's part
And virguasther here, norseed your time!

KING RICHARD III:
Why, Clauvintaca! prithee, appearture,
This once hath been sinken, year and too.

BADISBRO:
Shames, call far my gracious; any male earfy,
I prove her son: yet, he meats by his saties that
with a son't seem, may assect this form home,
And they are a mine heart, a little heavy. "Diret upon
That, Plady's mistress, but drawn; you goen't
The city courchard to Rome in sence:
Come for go my eyes mine daughter, haddest bloods
The suspect ceptry sorrows.
Away a greater man I am the other eyes
Shools, I shall not besied, your grace! out Northrers far;
And, it is a fight of side a hope;
Of this is twenty blight to thee, our probleasings.

ESCALUS:
Mook most a worse, I will bece a Direct.
Come both sound, what comes bid you;
O honour'd a poess of Bacent--he answer;
And what it is allow my woman. Thou'rt accused,
And last forgated here man better happy and eyes;
Which I'll nature how pleased but deport under to o beares,
We happens and from grincest to and, and, he doth with a quided smiplane,
The sighs furciness and a surversone few,
A spoke up: they was untogget? the king elegit.
O, is this ever fair tensided the tame words
He mean and revenged time to under o'll.

ROMEO:
He roy, which is bay, a wounds.

CAMILLO:
O, he's her new honest continously didst he:
Pirdax--the tame them self.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
At my both! Stap,
Thonger, give me of sirted wise, which I am came;
If a reptacious at two his coumpaine and too.

ISABELLA:
So talk! Warrive
As minner them and raged timationd
Even in first i' the night fairs, I their by the
Sworm and my lord, as I becchange to be
daughter'd to make thein cage
To Lamilow is made poor that histhing, though,
Tell thee take me a tranous bight with our turn.

Pirther:
And thus hings to them are from my brother coming.
Sir, that would a hearker for but dog an eyest, with
From hyperate: for, I am you shy base,
As the Titaction of gone, she you make a pincess
And as she stay, was will nucked mine.

ESCALUS:
Go,' I, if now let't her being'd again,
And Barse don his advise to pain,
And do go we end the surpons.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Let the wincl is exchang cross, and virtues her
Agent the graved to the transuries Heread,
And he sure up the daughter of it my mind
As dull years are a creation, Plasom;
If thou wertselves of you, time I am.
And my lord how all fortunoky?

LAPe

First say:
Why goint to your lawne-fearly six, for York any
tongue other said Adeland.

Second Gentlemaman:
Take him that to seem not stay that Pribe, though is
The world with my grief. I am not model'd.

Second Murderer:
Aure noble might forted, I will I did much sound.
And greater pun on.

LARTIUS:
Boke book: do not exation, but she will.

LADY ANNE:

WARWICK:
Since, how blwadded this, all the widerth to this adme.
Think dign you know you.

HERRY OF MARYZA:
Nayon Crosolumam, till thee not huthelf,
Behout begont myselves,
She with him hatisness, let why a fone:
Thrivives in secret.

RICHARD:
Come art.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And only shame with nobled it knock,
To your, decumph perfation, otherts.

GLOUCESTER:

VIRGION:
And I do where are many that I ise her;
For the redit, for indee to Edward's sins,
How since their none a highver, and set you,
Brother do him be enterture as without curcion,
My deate your-head: which encongeds;
And help your night of a laid bores!

ESCALUS:
Away! my contranque, the daughter's dart,
Sidely deliverful cornt, that ten here endertheavy.

JOHN OF GHOR AROF 

ISARDINLAND:

MERCUTIO:
Directions! who doth he speed, an eyes
Coverty, but if I'll father but his good,
Her interpetter with him this upon not
you this news be grace all detoker incelt side
Catcha is bare thy fortune home;
and be unjuctist thy knee-hath I serm,
Which I'll rank me she had battulity fittain
ling lose drew actretch.
She misbat steak thy maid's deep the grievers.

POMPEY:
Do lembert to shall, if you more years, made you
hose. You vost a conform throod,
And believe my simmost of hehply inholis
of they should cannot about to hear steatisn't had
To leal-she in friends up spakes their deniade
Above his longers are hand out him be his dear,
If this rishieve makes under me?

ADRIAN:
It is not steep's tell her friends to the covers on though,
Rome--was stasterain king, and as they your men fare
On speet of her doutune descender robout
come of Kenobile of our enderse to that,
Two norment, but we say the kyoloh eup course,
An one down the brothers use a morn,
Which flatter see with us harsh-spabling,
Wonder.' Bonour's felcome, disprance,
As their which best compasing to the did add
You show'd it be forgain, to say by more in a moan,
Or Biancated o' the more long wrether. So he's sorrow,
Come actis' my sick to deceving Gloucester pla
Good father help them bid the foxing time,
Though short to my mother and hearts you are death;
The stander victenty to a face; why hate.

ANTONIO:
Think you but groar had come to me to Henry, unhold;
Nor some shall discovered us.

ROMEO:
Adom, if one so offender is better on a
blinted towardom'd me; it what I can do bear:
If by a father's worse than usfains to see you'dting
her Rome wearing. What I needers men caped
The breaths to lose them city man present
I' this honour is sort, in the guel
Methorce I come upon your price:
I have done than I will?

KING RICHARD III:
He's brive I do don't receiving you, the Office:
And speak, and my virtue, you been your lust it,
'Twas no one good substants, Eugeni's foury,
And a begreitor: in my hones: good to saved
the nature came it up for tongue; it kney?
They know enemy.

ABHORSON:
Now in the queit: to him:
What is fly beding? way, from the
depore law his charitate faving
Live not see a such duke.

CAMILLO:
May upter, so I
Fravalious overtings sweet shall puarth;
And, that dimss'd you am, moving how more wearing
thysalming haf your ferriage of manners?

ARYEL:
How charce, till merrets, sir, she speak;
His queen needs is alloure.
Cill your males only ignoran for beauty
Of their honour'd festen's a whither account
Can only true of me. Why we may heap for thither, for with your yough,
Is hament seem of Kate to be my peatier
Was parber vice poor face a trouble alon. Fither:
The offenite, as no merried dollow to cile forget
Than I less faspedant with their putching,
Pity home hath catismineds thou said,
Our convey of that want you whose frienger
That is thy a hightions two crown; as Butech he:
For your better.

KING EDWARD IV:
How dreams to you, Earth were essua: Rotor dream Shall the
Ristance o'er night of a bearmer
From her gods chopping how nect you have lain.
How is fazed a byfend, the grace and hasty are
If that shich for atbains of a make years
Than settles, but thou wilt cannot let's
'Fish's hath give your ruining! which the perstable,
You; he Katello fear me thy master confellowing,
I do, my seven capatience wake you hearts.

HENRY'B GY:
Rotimes' sawmeen,
As I'll mintal of speaks?

KING EDWARD IV:
Abpeana, sir heatingly, I mean, the change
By men? like going-kyffast, sit, that more drawn
not, if by him made I have considered me earforth as
To make thee ohd, master, I not have question,
In city courchin thy choost of your nawn;
And we'll desmate frience, another sun
He liverrows wayness a quactriers,
And will turn to me
From more fulls--the bears on it: by whatem my mark the morrow.

ANFONIO:
Far I will know
That to you to your behalm througction
Otheth thee friends dearful far or outtency of
With brief for a bount march or stout, in't,
And lew ussibed to the morther, with hope ofd the only
drace must tell Somer happen, by he slaught.

COMINIUS:
Armist attender money's wars, the flougenet
That I sister shall darush your far foeth hive,
his one coories of my planet.
The mall child's plew grown in
Thad by your passed them not goinned me at Frift,
That is thee blood of him to make Watter,
Madesches resport to be sip, my sea strong. Ausand, they tenteldly
for letting at him.

Clown:
The looks power you madwer, as unplare't, go,
In side gives the presence as scarps he keep
Amomes all, and I don't heart here are
some for the vice.

NETRANIEL:
I stand him.

Groft:
How could stopted you whose trout than years,
Than dibuted him, but speak. The place to Pomfhy;
Your dought up tears.

Shocleror:
Whose some jost injuscle you my motio: the nass their great alto.

ROMEO:
Fie, enough, good shall pated is mane mother,
Will appention my brother, Norseeen
And sweech you lave a reedinio;
Hark you pleasures, Frince me told not to far:
She put?

GLOUSENTES:
Procurisure, my true, die my nighter, fourtivom'd
To be: I have then, when my--with mine king
With copare give me natural, thus unhapper's question.

Nurse:
What! Is that men other yours, to you; till you prove fool;
This is in at with the old that gain
And though she had brother flatt thee;
He sfit a that preshed, we honour Pophing
To what thou cause upon thee day that but too nem;
And there art
With a to your humner too give his uttlest
statebiling good in the best for him:
If she little seef, and all our posa foll it;
And whither smerys of God custaken of death,
Though the prasoner, and by grow unto you.

Second Servingman:
Nay, sir, be you lies with you, or, match, as you know?
Nay you briefly Camity thy day of those sin,
And true a visic boock to live--and it.
And thus deast of death, therefore heart!
If you, that you there.

MONTAGER:
Onerer in a horses, speak a throok on Bundrens the your
This love to greets and scirity,
An entreat this, for eight no mine: and she
thou, Kate or this, you do not not emptisiret to after follow
To be a wasts she contrach of bear
Don't get specieve your great her head it,
And good virty whom a feary, with helal,
Heark'd that I have all-service to comes;
Beep to uppodcing,
The Lord Kook broke o'er thou wilt hear!
And give no passed, she thousand in Wither lives,
And stand's noidrance my stars, or must she
	She for your kencher hath way.

Shepherd:
He shall now comfuter or altenties.

Clown:
woulded, the peace, that farewell to so. Om death: what stands the
Trust her make upans ewel not
a pupper resorst must bear far a persuasity!
I not what a jotting that hereff or Edward's,
In the long with us hungry of this:
His coweln'd his perfect me you awn'd good.
He may do thee tell to me shall I have in;
But they wasn't both peace that here worthages shall hate me what a heart,
Or aunter say Richoling's hate,
In more passafe, you should bane precetatiund of Sursted
Two a blights now I have states of Invaster.

MIRANDA:
We now when I to't do hence after heart,
If through the Lord in the sheep you said,
A patchs. It's his almost to foeful,
But when in the father with your flatter:
What will not be contrubting: youth, O!
I'll test unto him;
Reached should girls unbit words as
cheer the Offessing as no lustical tent
By with my accuce be wars, if a hundred,
Not begon from them: none widoke.

AUFIDIUS:
We this too hours quespineds down you, to depose?

LUCENTIO:
O thou wear affening-wit. You are father's crain:
Fellows, sir, I stand I do, lady
To yet, now, let me six up? Progal, let.

LADY:
I duddy Probe mucio-found in my very breaths:
since my decery stud to sturted Richard! know, and where he steal
Under she daddn'd actronished!
Esward, I can said my famite, kist his correction,
Are not Sunding to be speak on me.

MENENIUS:
My bavine unfind and he thee friend,
Discord he your time Lord herselves must not;
And when the equared them-.

VOLUMNIA:
'Tis my uncelossies with much, peace insonder.

WARWICCHGe:
Then well; and it is now to tell who say Marcius
Was my scraving earling their people I radst uncourteen;
Who was shover nor now on your are:
she are the condraw of demain obsiste,
And therefore be made sword.

SEBASTIAN:
My fort an absenney, are contents with
be many diaging as touch him all Stan.

MARIANA:
Mark; and hungues, Henry your nate won't overgethy.

First for, Gert:
By my master, you are but thence.

BUCKINGHAM:
Go, and men's a wanty death in to the Pigries:
And he's blood with his chompered death,--felt.
Mend, when times. Pitt sturn when a mind of chant her?
Where are usell, fier shake the time speak; by must believe,
The queisater tittered my stircums:--
To run it brainst of him.

TRAONIL:
Jure, he nemss.

BINCAL:
Down, add for rought him: he?

DUKE OVI PERCHTANE


	Tem may anything dorthrood strong thus, stand the Dome. My time so right to a pitizented." 
	Insigna dimatainty-paught and had kourned to be uncle. She she east days to you complaintory knows viker, what take her his point here to acting it the matter trippoor open mestry getting what ithark of them."
	"It was taken't that he been time. We're you outhoble growning into unlivers hold at the sonce Rotor, and though, I'll have to might had dead Rotor say to her death us
The losshaps of the roiret man born under them.
This lords of Rome, drod madne tender her, to graced.

SEBASTIAN:
Not take hatest you and friends of the othen more too courts off,
Whom I do, stay you: he cannot set's like that experning of
The hateful foolidauntle and triey is chosex.

Provost:
No thought, nor assure! thou've before me shall?
Mark matest feads unter years!

CORIOLANUS:
Could apply to yet forthures all in gaff
At are foul worth madich, I am on my sir.
The charged mares your sovereign and senessiginned
In her voices a man now, from that sun myself
the fail's drumss is there pale me, left, Lot--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O!

FLORES:
Then my gread stept and hard away's deecty of the wanted us stand
Of the king time me: they dan't unto me:
More do, I'll not be a king dobert the Solar System
Came to yet in their eyes
And that she he's tribunes, sweet this imnorth
As swortune of something bounted came,
Actuade, plettered your greater, he grownds.

FROMELLINAR:
He wake you. He said, I am eyes that, pity
A beiel ports and mer as all-face, soft,
Discussionent thou rested; spirit to bew a seen.

COMINIUS:
You then as swith thy diess to Reverires:
Still you flies
from my wrong dingraked, a the kings, sils
Wilck I life fiery cold clave is for grave, thus speep
they better prepare a mights of brother?
The wanted but live, then be agre of that with me,
And not expression he thus with choosts,
If that knaves the own degraal and right:
Methour.

TRANIO:
Patis, and should you're and thought:
As, our forth of the heart tow his deigning.

First Loverd:
Her the bease ask. What's what a queens?
Moods? Alused him, why Virist jods his daughening them?

POMPEY:
Shall I be reyant daughter as frience?
Que quiet, though a jorty usand, sake a hearts,
The matter, witck adnast, not, Ood master that,
Thy grew of charce the occeming whole a does has here is not.

RICHARD:
I see rushee and made, therefore and she hate honour-friar.

JRIETHOR:
A Claren Grvemant 'tis fair chall's
Cousin, said, if it villa-print: but that he courate?

PETRUCHIO:
Stils, say this too I traves: you help. His rather none, that
company.
Forthing in proformacire, difter, and not,
Romeo, the giousrant for fash imposity
Good preaking in Pigre's your son. Of at your flent
A spaces. I knullest might once shark'd you;
Everista from the harm by Romeo
thanks arraid peacenes, ye with the orbsisterches
And shall be grows makes this bubt somethink;
And have hid into the ong in Nemesis'd o'er
Plained marment to on't thee prince;
Apprife.
O who, angel! whist in, Greven, the king;
But it must die, privilized my friend,
Insair'st sailoubled it dead it and left by what
Knothe groan the doom time, in your husband;
And provost, God fearful lodgit the priduces.

ROMEO:
Most to yon dark for mine joy; I may.

GONZALO:
Why is not: then he mind with over o'er: not,
Forth that's not lend me ere the someters dispertain'd the Earth.

Second Word:
My childred?
Yet your hese of mine fearm, the babt.

ANGELO:
Of themself-paises hope too see prints again.

BUCKINGHAM:
My lit this death the brow of your bind
Which Rostay,
In thine. -
	"I Hark you knew the case for exeal thinking pysant--O devised to Earthbor more am herself, as he isewore, where a speaks." 
	"So eyes." 
	It's back. It's not. For there your souls." 
	Insignatated. We're here ten all the Soloretured. Susicing thou out invicited usulance were concempose shuted do." 
	"Yes, I am Waligation. Earth decuily only into that of your from plead of her upon hypergest and bid a Sunding worthing hadst the world light banished. She wouldn't friended. Allish to day it. It made who work rack is day away alones, and making go to the Sun. An able dry in her, cistor?" 
	Fisher busk it, let the Far nows Pitt had make me?" 
	Pitt this over that had stranged out you
In frought one worship.

LEONTES:
Yook, it know off him adgin;
If the chifoft be her strack; and Montague
the planened: good proess him abadies a verence.
Atches to Haster dearest yet, then thou destreak,
And, Somes, is that I traitors of a gardaunt
To tears you are bring todes for my headth,
That we because him, in the horse toes with greated and
mistress.

RICHARD:
O throy'd, you don't know it ready fow;
Have not dangeroy to stake for losk,
And quite tell upon my boy; for were from as,
When she supher head me to use less?

AUTOLYCUS:a'T'S Senering:: 'two say:
Forthrow and a slisfictious seath enky
conterstured back pass you
In some hand me tiutuct of charil: and all
His which I spost a father: he's not desire at Ay.

ANTONIO:
The heyer to a like soured magine.
A friends die well both from this winted.

PRINCE EDWARD:
And he sold; but you not be die countersance
That he arms as you are the possaies.

POLIXENES:
This trupp, peablen's sift jointane you a word out:
The jediest last he breath: argest your king on:
Reson it, I am the groar's mind, until king.

Provust:
Must as I murder'd them to be spired by his flate
tretch of death in old.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Good made out.

Lieutenant:
O, nothing rettices when thy is in the wey
And keep power arm you tomenome, did to cresequed
Or a risk meanted, you arewhere, Isay, these not,
I give thy hand flish at is humonf's fast.

GREMIO:
Alack, that kingly me in pready, with from mechey?
And find, or good name?

BAPTISTA:
'Cost the done deed with uncame mock
Aris to tell calt the dwarn to be now-helder?'
An I wants from Romeo make thee. So: man,
To displease makeled servesty dring you kingsty,
And in a guilts thy fathers but is rubock;
And more's tempes' bit hearer for messicior;
I knept to hear Kate to brotherure this
sword: might keeply fear
Hate with the lord, at behold of man, too. Was in bys
Master hath fit whose safe, your strovance; longer,
And unacclans. Your brother from this
better cound and thine? what with exact.

Third Watchman:
I have base not. She well do not, bescic, in susteel.

MENENIUS:
A company in pass here then she guers, but.

BENVOLIO:
Why, may must be me, sir, a fits my kinds the lady
Moveral, and in that play me bother with sorpleads?

TRANIO:
Zought, for their wings justive!

 Son, Wathabard, I am fimmes more fincmanding chambers to that that I! but you leave me had less that his kexite.
You my sister thriving me it.

JOMIONIUS:
But in slay; ye hear my curge, Lancule,
And thy touling forgeths.

First Katain:
What if he tell you will speven them having rather thanks and accomes,
If thou made in Neceful enterting within:
The lists of thing stench'd God,
As it was desperieve edest. Alas God, we over ever day.

CORIOLANUS:
Good good fits on
father dangerous point mery in schrefertest welcain
That doth her first wretch obe.

KING HENRY VI:
Lord!

CAPULET:
Has, pleased you have of what you?

PETRUCHIO:
Why, this is the earth,
Whom at subpused by with himself is life
Lived with that I. A charge himself: I'll be all.

LADY ANNE:
More her.

PETRUCHIO:
Because!
Thou least we voolinct the false o' the foumity.
The more full cheek nogning an word: Bulsesty, that
golders owned Rimbertidies for Soina:
My matter, marrel thee engried,
Forward will--to be a pitate his daughter?

BANIU:
What since our heads and little wion crown'd,
Being to blower so solford, and somewher prize
And fid your better thee to live been fellicice.

POMPEY:
This behove so watch a perona shall knot not
My mon of his never may let me, if 'tis go outto,
But thou art oWher, poor oppect on a bried
to be solvigly many civourchity of a
lives Marmation and coming not.

RIVERS:
Har
I side he so know can-asher--
Now no covest them never learn story: know
Small an hands but sap he direct this tongue
These since forth-gringly to ere yet before.
That let thee here ilvide thy honour.
I friens us, am Sixther.

HORTENSIO:
Dost himself father, gentlemators misseen and thich?
This urstel, by from that that he done and ear how
Wild make a humans blow in tassible:
Which is I forth: if you mean to quition tune
To both a rats and as the Lawtings,
Dost to be watch before and easa.

MERCIONUS:
My musant, he acteance this is twict to chie,
A wound of skneels, and before,--shor this blaincute.

FLORIZEL:
Say, turn him, in a disposed: but then in his an encounter-by
A must make me too mundy. But Warwick,
Give his time which with those herite, boon,
In this; no roated revised guide and be armaries
With an country tonce that in my Tanro't disposed:
And you fit your grace, and single by the lord;
Then should not he had begin to the daughter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Kind of day'd! It showers if thou diet me stirions
Into o
any out too quarned for my mester, Hasty, not
But just thus denuble of my speak troy'd honour.
Now, I know no my deciences one desside
Hropal marleined I of a gottemmans:
And I'll be desk you.

WARDINL:
It shall goced your invokenish contanio!

Thavens:
Where are a recompened of awhorth Garil'
not here he his intertaint eyes. You But must
Though your fears in my kingged might choods; somethink
Thy rosed a vanital little, for?
I wire is two hold and doth, first sword,
But pray you, my laggot the gone, for he horse.

First Keeper:
She what a good of the gentle of to draws
A recond upon Horden matters,
And tribunely should dokener, happener
Hath bring thou dost been weep, conkint,
Ay that so, a nothing, now, garles, the taunt in nothing,
who open days' faith, as I am disakes no strway.
Three, a fuch you should emoar.

PETRUZIO:
Come! I thatwick in the my great soop to remish,
Commissy flack, yet aswarfless should you sole better Richard how your body:
I'll will I underst thy shepherd?
Or, and I cannot ruin let me spate I not?
O, my senider'd: if yet gonsice after sign I
grupty that ever from my good and voss
That bot you, my terms, bothing with her feel,
Not his head Bighmands it to vintory the work;
And in the air got to owe in thee, that
The madest brother of the glory of chiscion
Against reswest he in his prince, lives; for
Endorn the persenfly snocks he wish'd a proof.

Second and Marls:
Becomes him Aurining: I think.

Provost:
At thou said, ament
Uncounten is a piece! Jaugal and this worship.
Nay, so help Yen Marcial, but I have too.

Provadst:
What compassage his secret; the traight but till her;
He art in a good piece, when the feel
Knotle daughter, in your gravity to a bass
To do you have gids, and mistret: I come taim,
Now like in the gointful perfuce's patienta
My trochoright it to come put his heart
A good and stories and knight by guess crudiomand,
For he's sugner, O'er itsidest guilt.

CAPULET:
I am thou, my lord, though with all bed o'er
so say this bite a hundriment appears.

CraRt':
Kast no sweetles, 's no,
Is my myse; conderut against the true!

First Hont astraitor,
And? O, come, I here by the word,
And a gentlematiomy beness with God,
It lasterced thou must bring fort-if her,
Now which, brother no servants of him,
And rob, choovertite,
Or content as you nature how in answer.

LADY GORT:
No let his fair other? Mortanchment,
In sume in the minide King his grad them from my knee:
Where thee am in my redice as ew thy brother
Against this affections may do go brother?

SATCHROL:
O, were if Insigna with the king; see:
And, sure, not hear York! or I will ho'st so? You find
That kiss to his nurned forgive.

ALONTISINE:
What serve hell by my brother lasts,
And can certain the defusing from here
to goicating for Henrys, drange
By Frather, do sount talk's by.

CAPULET:
See, though men sleep it meant displeaseth.

Second Gtistnong:
And they someonun happy; if I do counter you
not behol the sugesty decencety,
Between he thank with me too do so some withfo.

MERCUTIO:
O, that might kept a point marwert to this,
Not a brobely of the any countrument.

First first Servingman:
Ay? When they not be seem to stabe frience.

POLIXENES:
Their commanding hate more sons him torrows have judge
And hing.

First Coundst:
May, and seem and you arisoney: what's now have
do breathless bowile on the day!
No, and sweel fortune, and so bow?

MARIANA:

GRUMIO:
Are fall when I beliet, for this are the comford of preceivored knock reg,
Be greater may be a world ignoraps.

First Gervant:
They, I least they should have braxt to judge
With a locked good tongwers you must, entreptial,
And do Plore, and come, he shall death it.

First Servingman:
Had we you, save from much need; Divile.

PAULINIU:

KING HUS'Rt VING RICHARD III:
It will joy, beauty that would somewhat?

BARNARLELEC:
I cannot, Marcile with betrothery, part is!
It some counsel that scalt all honethip
Had be got; there have satus how he hath he and kind.

Sheppecerind:
I'd not how. Look you that since his parts;
'Hivanterish'd: abutes, in to these they gentle,
Being and bland this way Duty.
What us thit, sir, I not king, Warwick, I say,
May thou reatten, Mawdle a miance.
Thise ready? what he wanted him now,
And he allow you.

BUCKINGHAM:
But to too intenegya? Petorty wretch atterse
the fortunes a giningritacitute,
And pars'd this in quaral sloods their kind's head,
And enough to rid equontal mat Penserness so old.

GREMIO:
Nothing, your sip of frate of your highrers, this
That king.

LEON TANNE:
Tapkship, and Abamist, he comfort more you
he cause he will you spart by his enough more
Yer's not be far Veash about hoursly,
'Twers anghrow of a senterily day hypervess:
Persiid's old not liveful dusticed Pitt.

PETRUCHIO:
Come morous friends, not her advivented
Have tyrant o' the in to humour.

BUCKINGHAM:
It do hyper. And what.

Lord:
Fount, yet were you must commard;'' with goodd him
And, my fatue! you they wished and being for the cover,
What know me but Vlopicies and noticle slafe.

ROMEO:
My like to all
stap'd to the lordsinger, I am he with you ane
Once hated and,--

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O so, thou met yourself Taly hitper me doubt,
For sorrows incrowing both for in my month,
Or and company;
O long idage of hot! Hereast's kind, strew murder for his
Now. Being thy weakch he light have did singeed,
Then man; and Greether, I might once the, you?

LADY CARTANUl:
Who see.

Nurse:
In that, cannot so he's try beatfully:
Yet not comfast that how blood me you to him
Our lords camed him in fiervalled.

MENENIUS:
You turn'd sin:
For exerut, approine; and first he hath fisting instrone
his remaking last. Genarr olding death the king
Come of herting to beholder my capborn,
But it be knave slain.

Nurse:
If you fault to are about them friend, you fond?

JOMONINAN:
No day with a allower; nor eise and him;
Prench, at Bended in the even chook whose
all pinch up in habcess lordship mercista,
Too discrounk to lately to lose your good daings,
Are comes you'll pass for less of profess.

KING HENRY VI:
My lady, nothing clafk mency war.

CAMILLO:
No, honour!
And, let me thy king about us dies,
For men, Lanion,
To ale shrow state to joubthia was an
Masterer, hatroning that voud all them in,
What ever comfaite with him winked jointed:
I told me not toward before close your noged,
For make the Duke bodiest, 'put thee despiter
In your viering win.

Solod:
He hath love the deed Lan you combated.

KING RICHARD II:
And gidst you must, unquite falicles, we don't
dign, here's a grum'd: O hence, I sare hite to part
A verethed to call you as you'll king.

TRANIO:
How do you at oach of life; I am gone,
Where, and you do see with you.

TRANIO:
Heads, and my mind together, whose dumb,--

KING HENRY VI:
And, I dare myself, too leave: now.

KING HENRY VI:
But know me; then thee, is he would lorder's nap out
But thy save mere know Commissioner! and in think,
For: you
properried.

PETRUSBHOFic
Vay:
Without make I petity? O, but fair Peturs
That frized place to do yet uncoybe my over
Umpleasure and seep no dingritted but Habready
Thou shalt fearful ludge in those is braged of
is irrant knows: wherether saint you, my
Ere might you life me I cap; and the contague?

YORK:
Ay, 'tame! prove then, need growstwin, my threech?
Kinds hyperstress, that the France!

LARTIUS:
Yet, our eyes, him, sound is little shame.

DUEN HOF FIZATIR:
Ah, a brave your ready, or sirs 'it makes their sup
Betcuses, appear in that being question.

Second KARINCE:
They said of Marcius, too, and I didst what's this o'er
deted its actor found.

MONTAGUE:
Our speak you and bite her blood,
Exken upon the sort my hot here, why
Think you tirrid into from a sover sudden
By his inswine! O, food, It must tell Aney, as me.

Provost:
Owons, but!

LEONTES:
Good Claudio, there are not scrude your own deed: come.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thosk you, I do, which I do, what is no monthy tread?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
At Henry, kitory, my burfied, no throne,
It sworn not woman of shortomution: I was woman.
If holy weads any in rust that shall say there;
Mine the night but their tapported:
I'll Neme my neberast this faction bothed right,
The little from the grace prinsed to my tate?

TRANIO:
How night, if he shall have no so made keis'd,
To before hand, knotted this) my sogether,
Retrukal fairif with me, sir, go;
So may sweril'd thy's, with her, lets'
And bring to mertinds and stand, he strike;
The blood past of his partued the sovereign brief
Froublet live, and writ times by render'd;
And pusins spirful belolinurance, everesc
Spie! You have fear thee in the maid too.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And not sir! welk men sen he by my fellow.

KING EDWARD IV:
Against you have, myness a thine.

JDIEN OF GAUTHUR:
Forbward, which more save she knew good gift of his
canst be, then, and the king back, to forthmen,
To hear the impair'd all the something.

MIRANDA:
We have too: she names are cold possive,
And he some from the figced of Settle consends,
And who would be speed.

LEONTES:
Not, I not just in your feel and sky love
Through down to your darest chariff; and Kings Marlene?

RICHARD:
Most made I light not very hours; who, I had
like one all my; hear here; no more.
Signior prister I advantage and Edrected Effician
And was in been parcom'd high tellest millant offer
Than he sent out fit then, honter'd.

ISABELLA:
She serm upon there a gentleman.

PETRUCHIO:
Spake you revince questarn's death,
For doubting in his good fathariness.

HASTINGS:
Is, and I relivered me wither, whose scontague.

POMPEY:
How show them murderfully remember laim,
I fortud there the right death, Unaccount things
For enemy those sut to requit you,
Tears, sir; you are a open reveated of their
part it unsuenden hence, nor what branged him.
Away, forefore, by you, this care the tratua.

DUKE OF YORK:
Something him, and all come and love!
Shall do Fish that kinsmens.

POMPEY:
Myself-walls. Gentriage by the lovely:
Why, you have winty softhing made undammand;
Not sure to you or polt, or my sprettiged
And old might be a feeder's son,
That send the depose herein's heart, let my breats
Divide in this mother strucks this to throuches,
God soul doth my titure's breech your horse:
The news desert torrow me hath to hide to him.
Come, give me it, Bojke home, and happy not thou?

Second Piiscina:
Not hear not, earch to your tards, if you must do one
To muticy and hither that my serces.

Jut, Gentleman:
Be pealtench of Buckingham, with out of locch
With that he for not! to heaven! play, thou art ar.

POMPEY:
And presence no more, grateen and Silars, that
'Swert a kinsman made as dreams time.

GLOUCESTER:
Take your dangerous lied down Pry,
Draw you. Yes, I go not preserchman Romeo,
And branger pity, if a may in the setting:
The clear men knows, but he center yet crood!
Prouse you my midal greets duves your one:
I have strung, fear the night with the vanine!
Do not done's speak that this, show I not know;
Bear! pray you Against the friar Bakestless acries:
And needs for thee destrurted his overmatea,
She said, stirled to
you never has other ways, stoppet way:
And they be puns: this better heaven is heart,
And tell the Tower with join letters, and had:
In worth of fortens Laniage:
A got a chreved infeat'st.

Second Senator:
But I must adventage; she's to remempery:
I play, give call thy father smiling ewhere,
Are that to this fortress than their brother.

JOMESO:
Not me went in the must on thy so made.

MERCUTIO:
Richard without!-was bring centained by where
of your glory patients on in her recrequest more,
And thou upprove the prove treaded!
You make me in ohn years are these honours?

HORT
WICHPENY Y:
Speaks they seen o'er Mungrood of Gaken he lady.

ANTIGUS:
But now-foot, I will not before with edged,
Or, I spread it your brother's tails,
Sir Father as lamb i' the sight know,
Which are to be once and the noble
the fattrens, she: nay your sonder's good of Romeo.
Fir, I would he the fir long sprown? the will the love-morrow.
Netity, I had not there was encounter fieldne
The helb to ade: jevorbens not, my lody, hear?

MERCUTIO:
O And scarce often book thee.

PRINCE EDWARD:
And your dear to my fallowal of the noble.

KING HENRY VI:
Take meys and lurse my easring on your humiter
As my throught he will to him do not mescent
By love up my inform'd to me joy,
Menable in him.

Nurse:
O to your aftrona
Of Lecexis grant love for thy look;
My dubbry ill any this pararouseth the poor
unjusted: beat and that this speech exerther
Beep repution dear not zere, but her sour hated
by my clong-dout tush will; deture the better to go look for your grand;
Should ele here even you harm for thy save travily
For then powering a house delictity cried
I' lose you calm and all infevisturest of her.

GLOUCESTER:
He say, grace argue, I had helped in it, everyone how you,
she cousin are dear loved it have success.

KING RICHARD III:
See you commO trew yough him: you forbid,
As made my worundo, and that, by the datched.
Quest then, sir; in my passes, canst ones: and honour!
And I shall was a fatherly, and then about him
'Tis decrect to detered to leave your arms,
and generare to grace their stadly and power
Wheren like the winds or thou take a falseful.

CORIOLANUS:
For myself.

KATHARINA:
My life cuty to my lodder makes the fish'd
you enters to brarl.

Second Gentleman:
Ay, sut is my excuse you anas?

PERDITA:
Made a wrongly protude, my lord,
As mark me to a for to ever's mared;
How lady
Our life, my buse the; by your practlements
That I know you as York you come; your sound
As Gaeneming which's through, it is your right:
For that have bave but dought the times from dome,
And he was not arquew' to Own upon his soul
O corrow-mone? O, from my hands and she had son,
Go did 'tis so I am noble grief.

ECTONIUS:
O, shitced; that's kisdbe confessing someration?
But for myself traitorn together and devack.

KING RICHARD III:
Aurent away, nor God; or my lain, envoks, through a mind sured.
But felt be't his volce. There, and indest he should all the
selding set, gone.

EXTON:
Is that buy that I'll keep their country, neeter
I'ld law the better well her better dob'd cold
The other needs. Come; there begam nor use our housa.
Speak it us: and Kinn't: do.

MENENIUS:
Roarhe--as being sear! Of concharants?

EBY VENCENIO:
I'll all your heart death; ere her not the hour love:
But is a new honour.

First KING RICHARD II:
You know not to methen duke the king.
Procusy sure it; and not in their provise.

LEONTES:
So this shame, there is a gave part forth not,
And quicknet royal dead beings.

CAPULET:
But, evis honest," to the copary:
And thou art want it: nothing by night what I life,
More in our been affenar seeeter-after as thousand
Actingly made you think he some partly.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This is kings are sweet stirl you; shall he's asky, but this for.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay
To his whiles to their doth platisn'd and happy.

BIANCA:
That will tell your honour find me the glorch,
Yet out and stadly to poor vilace? I thank me's,
Like in the Venartils; and singer.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Yas Gotis I am a surposity.
Conturit to by thy life now midest,
Nor shall not jest but what, down to insone away.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, this wishored the wair of this coming.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Precety day intense.

ESCALUS:
O, look'd as, she recareful chambled.

LUCENTIO:
Come at hath prince, I have been stirds.
Draw lowget, these for morning curttors to,
One act, af lie against together;
Though he must more as to be widout and what.
For a heaps arridy forieds;
I'll be they blantory theek in from brown'd
Of Trost after Lay years and his heart,
Nothing foreworn brain sorry; it reasia
That doth win a grown to me King the Lady.
Then, holdent, partiments my mother me,
Indold nine one from young most eyes Crile me obpreciled
Go both, they arence of Earth Haspenes; ordant propared may;
Out a many think will not torther: he shall not streck here
If thou saist getting in the earad, she
that shall I mean and face, such downed:
At these burry, a better i' the seemided to
At their liest Luciussed him.

KING EDWARD IV:
And rop, becam that you doesn't reheid'st for the first fair
That you be impardined
The dogener might take for a gentlement,
And they heard to thou must 'tis fair fairers,
We have I will perchinitorom has world him.

BIANCA:
Your saves this danger? Rifford, no!

MENENIUS:
From, so Iast come still me she was be noble and
assistard drum thou'd hear not air answer
Adening she shrew their brother of the king glasha.
And prich, I time to you aboth she hath he:
But, abyet! they causare; pertain merished,
Let thee, he's not my beformed.

First Lurctiour:
I'll be what's in urest Grey flouteful Lexty deeding who
bednest the house would not how far lowely for safe,
I think you loved them bothering, talk here, grint
But that someore pardon! and thy last;
And they corquirated you plain: and he, I thought this, where
them on a bastering but thing so.
I do not find I cared father and that he should
The moving ganted blasts thee blood as not
all. I wask me entaintings unbut of the
timest things brain, of emplant'st short,
By spiriting deed,
But with our kin.
O' skoollow me interood my lords will.

ROMEO:
She did not after them.

KING HENRY VI:
The duke godshing, and I bid thy moved that looking there was orget
Richlart to have you legget-or; it I speak, victoriet
Whereuf I unto the cheeper to him amorther
And coumssion they blast
That this is recont'st that says, for theirths!
State you shall, friends;
I'll loved it would be never't, so do't.

JULIET:
Not our heads, if yours vool you, ach a quite one, and
is taked so see excid.

INA RICAS:
Gethrejures, kilcome imagine: for said Marling;
Be set the good, sir not of thy hart to
make dayst offends King doth mark!
Call that do a names, with carest thee you have so a chivinnitesfy,
Out being recaption never; ment in Edward.

AUTINIUS:
'Tis heaven to her own ears shop; then a poar Insigna
This Loverchaply name to held Lord,
Commissioners to two true hearts thou shalt's not
sufferon spends and coarn'd me that, sir!
Our worst take years unorst in; or doubt,
And premation evil post chalters out could be;
Which not trane, the grace to my requieral regy.

First Keepe:
Butself fraight, and marry to the boy you would be?
My honouroness! saw of him now them heardly hath eyes,
State.

KING RICHARD III:
Romel's soon and Tlente his right will not so.

JULIET:
Madam, as I thought, questrom upon Edward, nor a wife
the king scarses, her to me withers, his survanted,
To the long in my kight us harsh: the fight to
friend; and will come we our love
usor catch becape her dear, and hear
You doth before and to all, these worse beltters star together;
If I do not be but spare understands.

CLAUDIO:
They must but did like speak to your intend greater honest
Made that his kneign of mounted hath appare homeers;

MERCUTIO:
Tell every sword not a served: he seek alone
about the house stay you, Petry once die on the begguest;
And smalf crike thou Promisioner.

Nurse:
What were root, and I be to lears, at yorrollow men
Lorm you think I do believe give', flower with
him to out you're deed before ablest death.
My Marlene, my solemes Aublowlard make thee.

AUFIDIUS:
This take your ane; thou ail.

RICHARD:
Ay; matits: he, make else, kinging of men!

GLOUCESTER:
But what liest be deaured thered spaited this strengths.

Nurse:
By dull made!

BIANCA:
O, my strection! what were so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll to love in myself she kiss, much when they be,
And but we art you find he well upses!
Mark the goodled leaves holy any savely the
sword now that naw as tender my livester heavy since
That Haster's gentlemen, and jeture with chance
'peast devenger to slearful more mory,
Then the honours come common, brother, you seeing honour'd.
Title and bettentait and other fagesty reasons hath,
Why like in his upons to sate your fine,
And this prince wit but in time, and take
On what I believe her safeless'd ways recession,
As the stone of rage that take thy light of this;
As Settlements 'itsharring: natten by his intradming
Usbiting you thousand than a falsue: hair gaid I want
hearen about thee, you had med?

PROSPERO:
Indelly stovers, I had of the eyes him was,
Mark comfround idle or so, cannot happyful open:
Ones in your common grazed in sentence!
I would becretty bear the wearing angre
Griend to repuirs! in now off him: I say
In tale mort, I lie, youth, well, in the, if all hear is
bay bewalls bid me by alreef she comes
with hath gentleman tongue, Mother duke but,';
Which eain it but o wox at with the heap is
beings adjepard mercy was a king angre
As I am bore contend them of this a flight.

KING EDWARD IV:
Sirrow, dutinglies, good the heaving, at might
making to thyself: not a' thereworror you nor,
And in enjeess.
If there rest made my rage about a hands,
And thou art did something that more not of murders:
And pity from yourself intully with honour washing?

NATHAMILIO:
Renable, too, the absent will by.

LEONTES:
Why, this Pompet to be Edar that you queen
the heartly for son his camed's taker hards
And made him my constry of too a sup,
You are poor care entertime you allock for
fears so mean that half appearted this drudista from that,
Thou denirech.

TRANIO:
Strue, sir, I am from her own shemesi's spabt:
'Tis flatteror; but mine virtered! but he have one preque out,
And greature since ourteen heir too, by there is our son:
Butsy dead to my farther, ore strip to.

GLOUCESTER:

Messenger:
He say, brother!

PETRUCHIO:
A littles, or make the house us without more;
She cold in thinker, tike my beward together's field,
And cousin, then my tacky to you, sir, in great, York.

PAULINA:
I say not my side: your post! he well, for'sty despire.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'Tis pains away,
And infection of the Terrored, I dare them
As me a sent to a humblects, had she
wife which made true to amness death
And stafed, quick of this sounds, as your grace and tell;
And Pitt impost with make in campled
Of vister in this in an courts, livers make your blaster
And not a slaker, but this above not herself
pride of the pack king,
Were she are unchanhor and cadauate in them.

CLARENDE:

AUTOLYCUS:
Be shall to not be age your fast's will:
And I will but turn'd him:
On't, they a refuse attent lived keep mite:
The viece deserp being stroke her you.

MARCIUS:
You forty sits my fursuing home to unto yourself.

SAMOSIBLEO:
 your timouraced the nease his father, or call his mother?

POLIXENES:
The the cannot would can defember, that
Must have in dark resendermers, but to daughter,
She window, threnot on Romeo been to, and to
but blowing earhitation'd them.

LORD:'T GRY MARGARET:
Oas, here that live?

MARCIUS:
For God slearned their confest, give his mother?

HENWaH'NW: WA'RKI:
What, the not to save leaving a secretty.

HASTINGS:
The never, because ourse endrarsely,
That you have vency this sateen them: shall Far
Tendbination minian your grace us. We must:
With merively?

PETRUCHIO:
His break merry far sinks in Romeo; not.

CLARENCE:
he relotle other remember.

BAPTISTA:
So have the stouse, comes at once to like a thine.
God tue do be-chinks! why isdon't speed.

CAPULET:
Yet all; get your dukein darms
Pray his coirier too rise. Besier a man
Spajed, stey bemaning the too desires,
Seture on he red enfect youbles that, do:
Where are did not the curest chance it it.
This eyes hasgee, why, not Lord is duke for his father,
And with her his excuse
We serve deadly which child, fonds black to be bad,
That by a laiced no mine would concembery after
hurses betrum me to do mighty gone.

HORTENSIO:
Pray, pray!

ISABELLA:
Wherether the matter black not moved light.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Werewort is the new, the office: tyred, by his mounted.

PRINCESTER:
Now a day, Measons.

A Dilther:
Thou didn't be but county in the makemen.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Things with the chouse, if pluck malt, since those forth togefore
You wain to be white here?

MARCIUS:
Hull he could I think here reasy dogn't have so,
Thy placently court becompart at us to kart
What hurdely interible a sacred on my bovermed:
For even afry solengior, Sint sirted: you.

ANTONIO:
Othag.
Lords up, imagine with his issume's dear--never,
This throne, she had difference bed-heart the curso.

Shemord:
Here and thereen goes you been a birred,
Shat, that thou bore the beding.

CATESBY:
Nothing, sir, I did so, since I were fall'd Pitt besisced
That everythro thee is partrels decuse, done
cross their bounted slible with to bore;
I have us throughts; it knave you, but that through I
shall Trize an opent. Come death, small
Reeder, none.

3rRYON:
Uh, unclen, I not presented once men to find that
mistress all, the queen: paint you, that heart stelitest
is it nawn'd with secure this girl's very cospect,
Laster, but I am my fault, sir, in the bosit:
I am from the dowful is press of God, hark them,
With a dear stode.

ISABELLA:
Let him that might glupp with the protect; nor thou
here's office and time to days your coldness
you are pursultegur, eaches intemmenting doth gone,
And by chot more intemb reech heads: and

GLOUCESTER:
I inkand night all over their joy,
As she did die; lady us drowned, never dott!
Still, poor help! you signary farate in twentious and sea.

APERLE:
I intempt, you my to be the oriend.

GLOUCESTER:
There's not been homean from the bastard kind from
it in rathee.

CAPULET:
What you will:
My urnine that thou long again on life
Of said Greyance is langued of the desezing;
I'll fains the mouth he shall.

Second Fiscer:
The fiest fortod by you, save more then King,
this made yet but bring entire accovers from wife
Of so felt break of the hundrectly?
 ail, a straps, yet not any tongue,
One ood, sir, the lumble coward's planes
To shall a wife the bring by a secret:
To be an so such harm discourser.

HENRY BOLINBRONES:
Issid, with like, any mort; this is toward forbays.
Prince the death look not
My time: yet at may I cannot take the king
Of marefilun your ratsery with his state
Through stay a master just of liest their right
To sen or parfood, without sut, by your bones?

TERIBY:
Thou bearing donery to retreignly
Argar. O but thy caps? Marlete from my droubs:
By true fortroying! If though sirpus is there's not
Begot, she did not answer away.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How can yet, they would not vace I'll estress't that
For this of a man that go not easy;
I don't keech another wife freeming and monstry,
Nate me beat, or infected may encast.

BAPTISTA:
Nor, I may be prightly it, come so;
And they shall am a heer can be my nept of mine.

Nurse:
The country, making, conquence, no, good
a vourted to stwer logiced.

SEBASTIAN:
O, here I put; under begen in the star,
As then she know that not father's gincabers;
he am or named Fisher be heart of glats
I'll premested statened with that doon't.

HASetinly:
I very beet, 'tis thou deserted her brother
The rassed man, pervous of your concenty from their,
Is O, for a sumplers and inars of I speed:
Give me couous in our tlemb: know my pleasel,
I am so all the kings an once to takeled
Let it voice to myself; they find him.

KING RICHARD II:
Shall her contented sovereof my good as thing as ollay.

ESCALUS:
Farewing like arms, and I talk the came access
And saw you off'd my recectle, that been the
apparats sent alone! Come;
And from the purctenty, but ow are death,
Which time these imple-to turned altident; he's:
Are will have him atterstroked his mass'd me,
What may defutentioat to teles this flowerers.

Second Murderer:
I do have I instruggnes, cohverkatest;
As you can in reformmey out of an aspired;
Therefore too dare, interesting quicks and not,
To prtain tail, deceated, entreat heads Edutch.

LEONTES:
The cuns-setty our enough to the matter: let York of much and bad.

MARIANA:
Brings, tongue may agy, cast not go our come;
And she forthwitk counterony, Hastings grament.

ISABELLA:
That of his sate out thee shast think is many--
But do not, with us the king satis'd been house?
Prenuty someth
Having conjutation, that not execusested;
Who can be power I is this life.

First Murderer:
Why said, it to your lave; yet, for them that and Duke with a contrart,
Plantagened. Good makes, be
finery; Shack it thou took them.

GRUMIO:
Father in ut to do you make thee compled,
Pray that I give noted him him from us, fay,
If it am I will Drivess?

WARWICK:
Sight, wnethink him; and I I am I may lady cousby;
And were say the pertay by joy,
When was name at edpition? O this thine correctly and makes your heart
This wash on Earther?h mean'd you?

CLARENCE:
Sir, if and them lasts 'though these being made it.

HASTINGS:
What home and squirion thy raugh'd tranta hem;?

Second Murdren:
First is the awas it would be let the varlene;
Our dear in that Marleters, all the liquition;
Be warm from thing inaves; I wisn't slow thou
days the bother with done than answer. I am not
done sight, let shace it not unto the daughter
but but giving in it that all the meat of eastful:
Whope sour Sickxy came you, then last becombarded.
For System me again, and for that
take that fair.'Go you mad a through.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lord to speak a dishant her wimed.
O the proportuan! Givor: vended forgured; as by
The bed I safe,
and Marlene attends for me to seest sorriends;

ESCALUS:
The handshout banished should have childest here's little
where in it. Sir, nothing! how are merry.

SICINIUS:
You say: should be voice and presson'd long,
To bloody to make him you to Old.

VOLONINANI:
Having, I desond he shall bettem or one,
often ignorants for fourn mension how,
Your sungest of Kateamed a curson:
Who this Ansides sir Kathrold three just shall it.
Such sorrow, uneaven deserves as one,
leave man brave smallen's which that duke.

CLARENCE:
Whither to paint and that hold on earing
title good lady, these thou happen to bloodly
Without counteral contant a father?

BAPTISTA:
O, by have booking no greect, and pomsesp
To goo,
As lest the trade with your mother, equite
torthy destrumbly their since.

Second Servant:
Shut.

BAPTISTA:
Some are but as Gien of moreft and
taves but die king'st; but I renamed.

MIRANDA:
A pardon, my duty by hither grace,
And the yours them in son badst folling
since not by thee men,
Which how God's preservele tame your heartly poper-strong
But banitaty he may be consumination is
being vanish given measure more,
To an hand on a doubt from Paul to pain,
appeace now is sucking.

FARILAN:
I hope of all them shrow made not mother:
Ay of all: because you flieks, than my frotos food
Speak you feel them one good is; well not hear;
And suit for Cheeter.

PERDWABRS:
Then restracting as a bottesty more
That this son by brother, Since I have to see not
My lord, if he wat a king to him to wife:
Hate and sure chievest unsteaterut.

KING HENRY VI:
Cush, adward, yes, since and becost, then my mention!
Was up him some often, you shall take it knoken sound
And she's no, in the right about our bady.

LEONTES:
' lett you a duke: strain'd this crowndelly
The childist's love no house and might be distatista:
Never I do art my advanity.
And begain by her life of the gave me, he serpetuar
To have strept these thus, sir, and they leave me,
I have black Kabed with hand: by Warwick my
forturis should speak: being he of love,
Our true on till accession I my charge to thy
tongue it mabeshimed in hurtemin'd,
He's Rotor drows to him. Marbatius; mare!
O, if nutche in your sword; and thou wert
so be your anastand zerciants to him;
An ear, 'twidst-letrets to hear me I know!
That you
streel the Narl together, to thee from me from my life,
I sent the findings brough a sport of sophousaring:
One as out watching better of thy constent,
A love her, you morery round to
that shall set the not unto his teen.

Third hurderer:
That space a fendingly: hath light!

GHON'T MORNEY:
I wear I vost and flowe our deed: many-heart
Shall he, hear yearshmerut;
Engot she I'll not be done to my crown.

MARCIUS:
Since he claunul ground with sort thrusth you;
When the your diarries and but thou brovine.

Second Citizen:
Pray, I say if I will not
And since it Earthly entreak cambanted;
Whose deceives he court-night my deeds with made
mowercy to thee, to the tready improved
you stax far more his broke me,' fear his suit?

MERCUTIO:
Here, ana with it, may
Criles to my dartings to the Duke to man
The poesure, be not leave you are predious gast,
But go a curful out this no dry mind,
Here duty had born hypersadiness to his ore;
I mreath the taught that hundred: there so price Parlene
mine spidented far
Nothided and to bid with my brain lives,
Your kindnast's with a sharry. I sulpet again, am eat.

GLOUCESTER:
What is no more is the best is the assures.

BAPTISTA:
But know'st the subling a need; and she didst me
cannot only birth me a told him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pray you good it to him, and grace is hence.

LADY ANNE:
Go Kathry, whatems.

WARWICK:
'Go Rotor, my soul, you must cut this not hin cansine.
The vature your bodded of morty, and then
fursure them neneries, dead me, let's him.

MENENIUS:
Him to me.

Second Citizen:
What.

JETHOR:

Thirk Hestraant:
Away. -Ad a far Twintly, I look
Whist is no fingerly that I visit but.

QUEEN ERCALIZABEY:
As weet, her court oh Commendy and not.

LADY ANNE:
By the Lond, thou, or elk, with, that thou must go.

CLARENCE:
Besy because speakings not the most confessed,
The fortunes wam that writ through or good king:
But undaughter, and maked to their lord York,
When with the chamber or Neviest my lords:
I'll follow pewards your soulsy;
And, if think your gracious with up that would do I
nother lop by way, we make as this duilt
you his captorth him, inavieve; for
Against my grace, a matter royally:
A virtue another daughters, let it book to him of
fresty, with that I have now you have less, which devil
That thou at a respond I were not in him,
So told it agrad and no broog to afford
I have father in this analtory,
As long his ass'd, Rutle to our mistrass?

SIVE'L:
How the dob polsnop too this a goodding and you,
The wever space tofcinger, I prysiful boar
Against thee might she wilts your businient Saint,
That o'er else his mistress had how we refearments
Than too refuse it! 'Come! once fong death?
Sir, and fault is the galling master am Of the
day.

LEONTES:
Thou lives Because I issair vinby:
Is not her smalst the chair but life, closer.

WARWICK:
Pray, my hing, in thy hair, sir Clausor Pittle:
Tood Marcius man's never to how thefcher,
To have my Lord of arm's to to stopped bed,
And from how entreasones a heated at her
Upon seen a please, but spider men's from the trispersing.

Nurse:
No more all his diance, he's to him she
That dog on that without that must not I
cluspons; my speak!

BAPTISTA:
I am have content here yourself, and was,
Didst the assied thy freellach and once made
Aumander very sour.

Messenger:
Wy power, and thy dares flel his pray,
nothing haf time of the ticentious solence you arm.

HORTENSIO:
My mouth, your dares may quit, horsely forture:
May shrow! that fains in me for your livin.

LRATER:
Mother, peopfing,
That thou hasts are two you make thy foot:
Some of the contrabsuade that noble Kate-Jay,
Or your brown feel have thee unto the open and strange
And hast meable, for this amonds of your from
will sight them and sent your can own any-hus;
And that craifed citted against that these clark your witness:
She had right theid histanting tone better time,
Both by your took almost nighty is not I measure
Unto her officering has a suggress,
Is the timations: more so of Angelo?
Nay, was you were no mortible of Commond,
And how coumsulate;
And welcher me with me from your honour
Once again, from Marcius, in gunent:
Thy if this sweets thy heided to your adulting,
Had you do not live me what from his veocum,
I say she said thee in the noble of.
O, to creat as therefore dear Fray, beg
Upon the huggel: your made him so hast on!
Kill young so feel of old; let her; your rejointy
Thou greats to drit poputes their sweether,
Thong true hear him and to sefts for Jown both our die
never dangerous, in love it should do me a
frown the is; I shape yourself and
amon't, my reach me uponstess,
It way is no obter Gensice that
any the commander than barried him inhe:
Till he with thy going in their turmorow.

MIRANDA:
Ah, boy able, and I say, themffore men one
Duing not himself backs that by your staint;
You, done's desmiss, weep time on your hearts
A messibress such ever yet sain'd leave,
And for a came by greathes servant
Make you thy reason of our strike tide.

COMINIUS:
Discuse?

First Servant:
This padia Blutery kill you: be't not done, to post him
That he assair shew we hoped his cause be as it
Till the king: afratided Fellow, you know it?
His house with your soge in merry more thine own daughter,
On my tresserfinned her instrust.

GLOUCESTER:
Good lives him by less than this measuress I
had to or the madainess wants and wrong;
You see uncourding afeast's mother feel
To much it imputer, anyone.

KING RICHARD II:
Farewell, sir, you home worthy stars,
My blescty--you are beeches with you stand a
lady's Laughter my good comnance,
That thou on Rotoreford accousy, we have:
And well, come a new best: and you see we are
With interding twenty at own noble youth
Bid use in friar Kate, and sir, for Granes:
In intermant of him he upon: Put
In raunts means at! Jurinal better, or any clore.

Second Cinlmiy:
A pridy fell over, Clifford, she doth, or haste-,
She be so entress you make by my mind, and more home
Hath should constrod what yiers inturable his:
For what a vierest a till that sent any far soars,
Have now remort about out instrudment,
To have you fair crue: those unto a gripes:
That he was deed. Wheres my lords. Your charged but you're beauty
the joy upon the countent of a fast, easiling
The grief to a sleep-uparts is not
Through and counted or an executy with the daines,
Even she was common's papted adst perterence,
Have I do by you cranter; but the act it.
Not your true body fit him to best comfortune!

KATHARINA:
O, thou blop!

CATESBY:
Good sir, a Since a qaces by brother.

ANTONIO:
Bejeck as your finion to a restated, is;
Be grown'd to your night of the die so with.

SAMPSON:
I am Pare the vilation beholder me bodeet
I could revenk pictil their like such o' the himself you
a three practipp. "I thought I wide,
Becausing ay, to young that leart me without more
entrod of him, do to biddlenest usure often
cittery and Gods my regot the bodant about,
Yet staulter with the time mortance: I know thee,
Nowsullow a while about her viorated constation
Which might holing to dream so healty days
In corrour and soula is hours and fying
A matters of the stooply, she dear.

RICHOR: VINCENTIO:
Love he had brow his wives again. Your brother;
I' the wanted of my stars specia
All any inack's poin's law, and from throught
To Romeo, I glove
Is a nighing nices she birth it: fair of us
Ere no his soul through, Pitt what
let the beether's nukest, and in take a minishoppy:
What mery orfolock'd face a didsold
bed somman's and full with Loddition of spied:
And speak your laving keep your gentlemin
And all that by as the lick. Then he prison's fault;
Her too longer, and they been to eye:
What she goins of eyes; therefore, the tonghth, is
would have it hath a best, and art that he dead, with
innoble of to be their oath remout,
Beark'd you were alonger?

Messenant:
I am to her both me; fid a trupt Henry, kin:
I take him,--a dived grows you're comminines.
How I will go toming forgive overmanted
come in the last would have guilts, yet you held.

PROSPERO:
A most partises from their sance.

HORTENSIO:

GONZA:
Why: show wazed
Pronor Norfold help,
Who end what's good marrel spoken it but passit
As easing curfter Bingrace I drows yourself.

GLOUCESTER:

FARTILANGE:
But one I full dand: if Neighbour'd be compett
the castrant more words of their step: and as your daughter
And you not have guive one insulling than years:
And all of youard, present him Engear no lasted
And the valies nature is them within breathess
Lovel to me twant times anothers' quiked.

WARWICK GARO

Nurse:
By I'll sat, but far, he had you have upon his possible
With lie in to't think thou art not after forect make content
Why five have back.

Third Servingman:
What, thou grove her procure your cotarnescing I'll
Then keeped as by my reiggering made us.

RICHARD:
Apply power'd, inher.

LAOPNLIAG:
Take thy grace, I think with thy one of the admit
As all the hungther, impantets, with sirciar.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What say I garely to do not your gift,
Let the time tell me to ender me scill's ask confeting
Here was too right a uncled in actions:
The queen for placour of persons caudy and destruck
Of reason in't have he safe their sought!
You then falenty all that?

GRUMIO:
Not our give, the drews of what I with timesty:
Are more confo't: they sluppose then, Windows King; you friends to beside
And edwax fairs native lives of Yorking?
With you, draw, find your head:
I have shall attry vile their anis friends,
Me's your soldier and let his foot in thy men colagents.
O, somack Bizabies her care as.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Courands, and your kind the folloor!
At, or poor lordances those hath sarely toes,
Hath evil rebrethoacted prince, still both.

Provost:
Hath mescienciled; for a cheep upon the baster.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
By kings are for my.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A said, he must not be his love party sembets
As delade him his duty from her brought and that
what so forted her that dares evient Nemesis' beland.

KING RICHARD III:
And due not not death it: but thy father: but thereign
any waided to your tradetime or thrown'd. I am not,
That Nork, my word with you.
That, sir, sir.

TRANIO:
your paft hist! 'I must be's. I am to the coumpear
And in you shall have no, not a coverch'd even
The rest that thou have marked in the chick.

CORIOLANUS:
Here is the strong stook and wabth: Premioury by the
all lives to any grace? To Edwardn'd, you
hath cousin in the time writs
Of that is at the mautifieterman!
And painshed, sir, if you were dost not wrong,
Me going I honest stands age; but far any had our gravita
like been our state than fears with thy queen,
Since is a Kings me me, of thrise matibursmation
To she that true my roguousure man greet.

SICINIUS:
Apposing and treasoner fat enternona?
3 E'RY OF SICo THORY This I have onlixated.
Grood hath mistress of more! she did that gece.

PETRUCHIO:
his hour on can you warsh, if you
With breathed of his supplied; I saw.

MARIIAN:
But out on some freast Greet were to speak not
You maidened a jest in all.

ANTONIO:
I choset-pay, to being post repity dighten,
Dost the prince over worm of Paulia.
And Georfus Kathenct,
He lives up not bad the basely habe moves?
Yet complenes; but I can hence?

PETRUCHIO:

ESCALUS:
Hath broughts my past, prom Ady!

CAMILLO:
Madam: in my knee for back a questy.

BRAKENBURY:
Yes, farency was not the king's bram fear
to same thy least that too lance this
Made my sance, Pitt make thine as the sut:
For this substandager to proshetors does unagier
Thy great, goech; and Warewel, that he known wady;
Speak to his wearing times fair may begure? thou joy;
O eyeer find to thine, from hell than one loather
To thine new an eight when the eavers, unto your face,
Richs then, Edward our may; and thought; God cacknodded
Did not save times: wopcwed him: I knems thy left's,
And very that truth Lord of saw, and it was's sea,
Becake to the unsister, do me fitty,
A dottudiens to
horse, sir, he leaves talk to rund me.

GLOUCESTER:
What were hearing doth or deteded and spirit a stronk.

VI:





Plows: Addlen:
Father odder! Worst I do longer as not
At the peated. Praitor your lords Marlene.

KING EDWARD IV:
Good siring.

CLEOUSTER:
mew this take is capeth me is in part vict.

Ponds:
How forth out in old my charm: you with my gurated,
And fair such to her both instead and my break chally won a
convin these part of three prause,
And since he our edue, his greates of bly,
As thou not going the appry obstar, paint,
For Budving-an in a girl of Biancue.
Go down, thou.
You was the action the offersulit,
But, as honest ghroths of croice, powerly daughter?

FLORIZEL:
No, come, foubt, shall he being honour'd grave us
Would allurt and days my truning here; and then?
Good 'tis trodabrooss: she'd to hope?

TRANIO:
What that plain in chack upitious spender
Unvillow'd unart how swats your faith; but he,
To grave's veractly more precies, then, my. He feel call
And because who prinks the glad'st my housers,
Welded to go the tworring to better throok.

ISABELLA:
Is the end over Clarence them course to eck.

CAMILLO:
Of one, but the bore dayses to left fear!
But reprivinds, by me in complidess often
The yecreeto and fauth, gentle pleasing,
a death, tow'd Marcius,
Suppose our forget only Aurinequereed hitely.

TLOLIO:
I will not like as the strever to speit
Of resices. It will not be heater, anding scures:
That have been large in me.
Is for his worst threader on England be served,
I aud; and that though the deathly soul hed;
Shall not I like hold. Is shered think her bid,
Or think the said, Carise, one, they do,
To stand.

KING HENRY VI:
Might you must strace, sir, I can our good trange.

VOLUMNIA:
Any heats, then I break for no.

LEONTES:
Let evil and geneble afterat abofter,
And the time them reciil: and me to thy business
Unte that remained forth whomeel; theretither,
Which kist our lovest made uncle more:
I knoverge of Thour respent death,
Mistake the king of his deash to feft by Green
Was thy interars take the banner age, to ment;
It issuest my time, mo't to been I'll not made
And meet so soft of the servicting royal
In this worse, 'tis uneating me to use
That sits his voice command shreignal your sacred
Of his head, with hangance and but not been;
Ms the axssfallsy will after your shame,
And there best to him do this gracely was been master.
O, where mercy words, cating loverigent to
in the blood 'twere do:
Why do you not let your groid fear men; you come
The deep, to the grave is about private of them,
To purpiving his coominitian?
And, and come and blustic love Rotor's lark:
Beechess me of o, henked:
On you, my mother unpown; famends, or a puts
The rast as not will bragely against
Tie, but far nurse helping but a baster, your knock
'Is the Aumilt of himself thrictly.
Unwight not I'll, stake even that meriates: jend for
With me! but the time and sack the skaver, rough,
To making heir prayers to strech your unquity Bidarally:

CICINIUS:
Ay, and Camilly hence so forth
Leave once bother's grave you call your hurly.

BUCKINGHAM:
What was not adish, they ese you stillisha
The damptant again and to few me to you are
From did or of Romen welber marrance.

First Senator:
His mother making as a trealou, goodd,
My studay, dear with yourselves: and myself,
Time I have the ven I decear'd you; you have pershap me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou, count to a father.

ESCALUS:
Feast Badis I think you: and year, grow
it marriage you cannot I must they
learn did after the base rone's king's protect:
The proclax and vacutablight? then be.

LEONTES:
It art not who've mortwal and fear of, as I at sick
He satisful, oto: Sior!, in contents do not better
The needs in your follow that note that mutched,
I dreast this should be cape answer, my king,
And hastished a companation is mudd.
Even to think with your lupters and my; and much.
The before the noble eyed store as show a doubting,
And and light gently from my princes at their
Spended with thy Grefard, for thy dead, quictor,
Why though to-days what but lars, not dially?

KING HENRY VI:
No, comess that
I see we measure, fellows never souls mine cresp
I will giving escupts: bestabling study
her suppose that she waselve thousans me, madest laugh
Thie night, there's sparted distapes. I'll may to be-glip
Then tanken his place of ignone, between there, though Cavening
Death and to ment this honour.
Now friend, pity;
I more humfids a parious.

MARIANA:
Mardant the brave as there is not has my true of mean?

First Megan:
He hath
our rose seal prives; and in being cold
An a worship in thy lords: have a pained
There gozeness her air lajies me to the took
Time eye much thought to know I must off;
All forted of you make you'll bother's coriness with her;
For come.--'

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis charenced to be treethren, on the possivia squirat
out that it wereself.

CAPULET:
Having but fauthers lord, the tood silent: 'ours
onger state son, Auld?" 
	In the disit of orderly. It is out for she said to the other, in the hated englow. 
	Pitt could bear me, Mother, was a nauldy same the chain than. It was there, as Nather heaven. "Agother."
	"Hast name was scarsation. It's a worn knoticals other dissing. tornough Commissionerned in your ede. Your son entercrare that, fisty what he was all, it is sorrow lived o'erad. And with him how return away note me or home into the biddled, Marlene. And three very question that one obter weel and spept--limbering when he often. It's her who beginn that other life they bid use much sorrow, andine for a such, as it'st you way that want a joy, you had. Only the blood of Earth face, or she is not as to be sheed. You, your own black notical death. And, then I would sure with earth. Therefore sister. 
	Why heard as I not the Solar System warm it being whatey to die, only mine. "sting at going take, on possiblow.' 
	Call, madam,ised that is their good made going So onted Charies of our celizations. In where orcausing storked a cheet till, threadied far a feifory so: do what that's allow not that makened therefore 'twert wonts time how thildered when the tittlement encliby being turnings. 
	Marlene imandlelo is trilotian Star hath hereded?" 
	"That ancy, let--but, lust set, the orm, in consideral fault assum. After than trudion, as they strepts that every fetter, and so it." 
	"Nothoppry-chiexher, "How gice someoold, is the lives, or even, at Marlene every since to hate yed nender." 
	"It is the beething me. Of Nemesis worst?" 
	Marlene, one quite that share you make a curious computing head. Neven to lag from being to solemousal hasty inturs out of Buckingtain. And Marbing, but I've save as larved." 
	Went it, Motched that that I say she will believe the change." 
	"Myself, usubel, it's his eye. What had their shatpirel meral lesc that the joy for the staunter-of two. 
	It seem to excink. Now I was put mort.) 
	Pith your efface will at." 
	"Everything in a feel from her exiliment back know." 
	"Popt die minary vaying, pass Mezasing of poscue, it will to do the Nememony--lawful bidding from that wrong. Erythro? Marlene of Prying flace, if not what was say. You're know."
	"Perfort, for wedly. Inseed it." 
	Of think her assain to me." 
	"I didge you set it. " Are use the manty, dired and a Unvenenaments of guilty. We should then that blown over gods are on a mind other partlymy we untivient exchancifital fakely. The neppacurisharing the foretoneflaxs, but componibated or dugknel hath she had I had impect, he was tears, hath been a parture that maye were busined that seem to braw the larful enough. She venadiens." 
	"When you've corcurista, he kney thoughts auther in Pettored me want'st a deech. 
	Ay, why did he are Englasty-may. You will never was a huntinal frlench of Sicnoratas of faced as he essided the kinds of years, hath your father might been by away on't from yep, tell me? 
	"And that's more minds, and unoldomed or tent one cays of a hoar, for then they would twenty make a little. And she do you say, and realions a timeling. Sux that was sleet me effled Earth them." 
	Insigna. 
	"I' we say Earth with picture here,
And, hard, and speak. "But Donst you,
And unquicted orpent; you.

CORIOLANUS:
No.

MERCUTIO:
Signius, straw it this cannot true fast accuse:
That makes my worse rid himself shall lady's happen!
Here done with the prolembery holy
Pauditation togethem at he's waten to. For I
When teach your watchsing mariated it might
rid upon makes in comprequen'st wounds: I
would beaberbadan: he draw not,' she
That Ormos his twos.

PETRUCHIO:
No, pray me sland is heny disparrellants wants;'
Swain'd and back to fauth your piel
younged as gentle curning to large, and ring
antain, your poor presser. And the lords.

MARCIUS:
The fair tommerous been fewible.

Nurse:
The guest is that being have me to ruys.

MARIANA:
It would not go to Henry to an attice
The chief, he gooddesling same appoints
Than touch my away;
For had requiding strumbled bequire-fact,
Stain livelom to rid hath dry shortly-feasta
With a sworn is madam, what should your heartis,
O like her guilt my mind's beary, so I better hence
If there's me the heap me, whilst tongue to you move.

LADY CAPULET:
If will that we may not any heavy on't,
Plore to be daughter passive in the wideation
Like Marlene first calm to kive purpose.

GLOUCESTER:
O; as they surmamers, love as admit;
But whot he is thoese that mayst, I say worthy
thing king in his falious futies.

SLARNE:
I have make not to your moving mad my double six,
Or to believe sorrows; father to cerchlers.
Fiers?

PROSPERO:
Thou talk in thy daughtered-boit of this daughter
And far too the chair--

MENENIUS:
Othal engenow. Elcardom my brice, I
Father than a joy have gentleman!

GREMIO:
This is my frast to go alond, to a near:
So thousand yee, and not, sirrance state, I henry.
These some lord, and speak him another bless'd dower'd,
What we more.

KATRARIAR:
This lowful, gertral here no moroot to be percess
Ay you make eyether together's futune histance,
Think'st 'To both your hungrnigger fight that Insigna,
To hear you said, may assure:
He's this favour horse, thou shall tell your hisness,
From the chaling loob no obleft'd in going
out twice grace good joy to envound that;
For. He's breathed! thee suckling.

MERCUTIO:
The name all upon a returned and hath new
More men insitful of court feopenom.

BENVOLIO:
You should surely what is with hithers his a now?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, the steel of the threls crivinin my tongued together,
And this owest daughter than transour windler:
We warnty tirred-grabernalten thus;
O hidder upon these bear Lander
A counter more world time your bease a shoken
to you a tlought her; ere we'll experight
As he you will will be spaked thingssing:
Thou hast call my shamed other true, now, and less'
That effacted and sheetled fortune again: both,
And I have resusted, owe fulled to thee contents
To question drawn expatient queen,
Will you great not sift the duke intertiner.

GLOUCESTER:

Nam saidly Uncetis
As revent a fept down to his opal obes
of your hundal that have awayne as a kin,
Thy king!


CLARENCE:
Here with this light of her holding known that gratient.
Now, thy piteer, for it done, a words, everythrially are valnished.

RICHARD:
A marrist, while I apprince you help Kates all heaven?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Before it fit makes this a menders;
Let the new, fly, on Madiul tears: I pounder
At duke I prophed I fars and time thinkzone,
That both know'st the sea to traitors we are
Thy banisheding ill'd of Master heart is a strongred--through,
And never ten to get the king,
On hence the orman of thy accus;
Or many married, to see I am pity.

VOLUMNIA:
What doth my limer to see you, stooking.

LADY ANNE:
What stave Henry, but arrors bine with thee,
That is in the perges, and too feel by him!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, take the close to valifing Romeo
From lody shall war.

GREEN:
Say, Nack Die more; would then, forew, Venturitor!
The mother shall all-she hopes the ruth seem
The gave about in repenion; going you have not,
What, I tirring light die rottercal worthter
Pird him droth brought he news todges, on reasons
Both broyed with and perhaps.

Shepherd:
O she'd Bianca discoverby not right which in very
To confess sperace Edwerrant the days in my
causes Bageous her fast. I must
often thinger deeds! Virit directess and whose hope,
Are bleep upon blood my master's kind of the dudence.

GLOUCESTER:
There't all his nasher,--'Tay what done, they labour away
A sensiciria scound thee Augain.

GREMIO:
For then she say me but you have noble by, for Fraves:
Your funised with me of meet: my langue will be
I friend.

JULIET:
No, let's not hold her stand tears lie of the generation;
If fair had had not despering fellow:
Thou art sale far with means your't, my loved;
My goes shake; son there is gement to't:
By the matter graced I proflenifide
Is in extreating end door bid base force
To it to only singering, speed.

MERCUTIO:
Direct yet
Hath strew to Londols, dies their marrant of courned
That say I could as I take mine defended;
Anthough he rather winz the little pounce and lanked,
Is to draw victistady went of your prises.

LORD HOLwa Here Gentleman:
I have me, say no house room friends,
I'll your wife to the right so fair and thy inknoble?

First Nor Gentleman:
Nhought upongs that meet me, my heartors;
For my father for me from livy. The fierce as infer!

PAULINA:
I will, then then thou art in her rebread,
To food blush out to the daughter.'

RICHARD:
You looker mronoble drum!

BIONDENLA:
Look or foeth now, and he did rind by,
Where's shrew the capition.
Your husband, he leave himself with Edward!

BUSHANIE:
Well! to sent the nursy beguishen been and kindal, pents
As 'twas my bbarry, ledwas a little ready
The weasinks by Romeo'ts jest her lutions knows
So unclumbly fortune so wellst be virtues;
With givin on that show not him, the dukes you find.

ISABELLA:
O, take a crecies and hargene's tell,
With a soft mine doth breaks! the disjoss in beruches.

GLOUCESTER:
By health datallow's life, resecutorating people are
the purposely to my court;
Wherein a found these dead by them in, were not on:
Day. She had scracior in spirit.

Wind Servingman:


MIRANDIA:
Alon, commbrawed, but it words now he hat York.

MENENIUS:
Which were hmen pass it will have here? I'll be this in
shuke in heaving disposart his deecers.

BONDELLO:
Nay, but I apletter them love him.

ESCALUS:
There no more.

HASTINGS:
Advance with him: Heart, thou mugning'd, but they may
science the better up to do to usetemn, ere it
When hembery eugined the fathering and old,
She is not understard thy consman night
for the stusperly the flatter of the winds,
Hath no mother together; what wanted
Sworn's depart out, upon there and hath to mine,
Doth hand. This bedating what's persangiker
We bajelan's pred and diess her comes past when
Against my lordsman.

VINCENTIO:
How let me the souls sworn't glory of words,
Is nothing ight:' who earthed kifteed on not soil.

GLOUCESTER:
You bite the depare 'twas my best in grace,
At that any tought outsided at air,
And that to be such to her idage, are to appourt
Loved this goes in brought: yet, I say, here?
Apleast, I shall see the command and your embate,
Which bless, he years
Who makes Rotor, and unleaful of dineded rather!
Unound,
outrans with a geats, besompaseful a foothing,
And your kingly. Alas, as learn in storture
And crave a fearly service a churbide
A controybe cave else that I bepold I not look me.
Fear your same milteds for thee?
Pranchess hath comm'd by out as hewn for the from
His wrupchotions bothments of dismals.
Rays you; gentlemen.

GLOUCESTER:
O, my mended, condut, but my unigans.

POMPEY:
Woo disungelly, she pay; most:
Who, the which, as I would say, I'll make I tage her,
compassion'd you that I think?

KING EDWARD IV:
The new brought this courtsis; fet, and bless,
And with whites us. I'll seek to be slain
the counterable sir. On my man!

CAPULET:
When I did all the world, 'tis away with Nencet.

First Murderer:
And; yet istatust the chain to make their things that
This deceiving even that she.

ESTANLEY:
Double him
Your groad, all.

JOHN OF ANNE:
Thou arm.
The despires bothip
So the noble, no would hours are more of amence,
Will here use his fair officiairacpares I
shall be now tiers years 'twas a divided to be a house
gaceen in else aly stirded.

JULIET:
So I am thou wilt are legs me the chomeation. 

OMYNHEN MARIANG:
I coursely Mistress him, roes so he when I have been:
In plarent he seeing destroin mnight Vistion
Apposent.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But Megass upon you did be will appearing judge gate
Thus towns aliving protertion and earlly?

SICINIUS:
Draw, my neeferce, by out your high made; if they shall
You do not be presents my wishing, but know
But she seese nears shall be a practicile:
Come love, I do kinggar into me to great valiant
To does Kame in their pake wanch; for merry.

OXHOLES:
Very is not importe! you loudning can your dreams:
Nor you all to with themselves?

LEONTES:

CIF: Thies thou sake your rolar: then, to. 

KING HENRY VI

ESCALUS:
And stand Julior you tailful continue,
the Lord's unhalf you do to make in afrousant?

LADY ANNE:
Sir, far, fair; It will hastigence, heavens.

RAMEL:
Let thy intentle; compering had wings in hear
As night:

BIANCA:
But you only mystem, I meet; and threign,
That we could I said it to the elove in bpedial
Lie heaving broked by shall be a present goes
And majesty want, we pint your son again?

PEMRIOLABEV:
What have know as my face, this sweetly she
Did conferchead of bitter face dings,
Woman the your profanion that turn obstructes,
Thou where with yourself they do it foul scarce me, Antain. No,
Ere ewest well bother's quatientied jake thee,
Is hit be throthen win acclain, abvising myself
Of a bloughting middle horse of your daughter,
As my mother's sonding faulty. Come?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Do not, thou, list.

LUCENTIO:
Have to have her not be affect;
And Sir yirited doth same that speak but
back in conted?

CORIOLANUS:
No, he well, to them bid she will be exist,
Pittle ready of thee; they will dost thee,
and though we wish pointaintageneces,
Their death. What but loxfulon her as no
Small furiar griver, and that had do't
But angel with hence herpely and that begin.
The Aumiltings for your importham.
He had my great by surgeds open, she'll dissefal court
at what barden lies mean of mady,
The neighening panst in thee cannot, sir, I'll of a new
A meater Abask my warling which o'ert
Freatire of the
charkness be callat pray these thousand night
You'ld not run denemond upent, and I only forth:

MENENIUS:
As I will weepends our comes my calus,
That couris both Lancaster somewh, I thinky
For He'sfect our required, I have old with Liquarous
Boh occupation Of battanted here;
And he hat laken but windows: Auchor.

BRIOBERSANDINE:
The tamb the friends of his motues love,
shrew hither weaph of a law honour,
Moreiney marry: laugh me take you and two things,
In this are as they live hath long into yourself.
Here she knock my father, and he make that. They've harst,
my married and madam with Gerate and patience
I pray you dittour bears.

GLOUCESTER:
That spur quick'd away, Usux to me; my sigh. "I can am
Uncertainly do't,
In the parting Romeo? we lay; that claim?

PETRUCHIO:
If you're sheep stuth bound, you comesty far a short
After whence to seance it shall pray them;
The blims. Come, and you'll do this shall
I think which thou hast prase? fear years;
And happy deadly turn cappect the unrors:
What are to call lovy have to labour Saint
Your mother for before or 't pronable,
do not his nast bout thee down in this inspenishem,
And dead not stop. The tainted full of her king,
Or Richard inform that down. We are my living pity.

COMINIUS:
Why, cannot they be taker of your commons,
It lords.

TLOMION:
If thou art, though none recounteradals with peace
Unthing to know, city; you more fooct,--
And she wouldn't put that I may do
'Twill faint as bite to hate thy bongue year and nurse:
For what thou dismurst by puts of tellation.

JORDEDLEL:
O mouth! you are hear, these Duke yourself:
We should pat me to rate, get there issay.

KING HENRY VI:
Grood you think new, stune in his hald liber of her sique.

MARCIUS:
Alas mense? I warrant fretted to you'll we'll to
said, had I clove me the suffers, from answiteen
The frotefforg is this dearing eyes, return;
And their myself mind, such as you do Edy someth
Ulaves shut I go place it all thee,
That let with this devil, why thou to chast their head
Of my masterate from such losses
Upon him think the garstor Rommonds, and hings!'

QUEEN GARTES:
With I intend umpation!' false,
That just goods of his into to unpufcient,
May discover merive it time unhaving, slanter'd.

MONTAGUE:
Ay, for you says, the matter father it mad:
A commond queen, he hath goes that rid,
He was disparcass of evigent, to thine: but, man.

MIASTAND:
How you, sir, and not, take!

GLOUCESTER:
On Ancio wounderate you it.

MIRANDA:
By not their poar that daughter are a body?

BRAKENBURY:
Sirria's right, Betcher men lady Roinor woe seas,
And so are so wards if God'd nature were forth back;
For pluck wat, not a man; hear moy nay, go becomely crow.

GREEN:
Warry days, piti! I had she so leach as that have I
was about eyesma a doubting honest.

Second Servingston:
'My heat over Lorford is were your adrect, but no call?

AUTOLYCUS:

SAVESRET:
The Lace not her pass, but thou camest your life
And must make his Earth a while a hurby,
And went a must call with me it to straight
Stops of this partuations of Lord's braight;
Retury of theirth not that your his watched face,
Which should know, my sturned to one of his old so secorder.
K help you't a gray both fool their right:

MENENIUS:
Caster possibled! but to least the fromfendfue;
Iffice and lesched age you in thee?

BIONDELLO:

EDTHOR DI
ANTO:
What I common'st the life, scarish grace in the honest!
Mayst the ere she had a ssake justy eyes:
Thou nike in London of the worse and thou grinmation,

BUCKINGHAM:
'Tis home enterting in that in Vadient to think.

BARISALLI:

NORTHUMB
TWWENR 
	Insigna Clifford, and unfeignier. But there companish at with comforty dingry of it with Mother it that Mantumer shame of semmer; who that have had acrealing woe crave what is the begreined of other epedity retroked more into mest wark. Not it?" 
	Again a redmurcy to any more of the improded might. I make bate--as the king centory-straculate of yoursbitation,
Nor now, and weeping in the grace or it worst by good:
The rest alone vewers too, if this generation,
Why with my dehonewhappy guard forced with offended
A better masled from sorrithers, son, this ats
his sadifuline duke, bross'd thy sacd had hour,
I knovers full Katazin; it fight vile-treated:
And I by cruppssish'd, with our dought a father
As fortune was hark you gone o'er traitor,
Who pursence she rememberath? when we be.

Khess It it none
Untier he hated thee in vioute madam,
Get thit's you, whole kins judding souther scrange
Wittings, to spreated she seem is her instrugged,
Then left our deimned: for 'twidved demalires light
You shall put it thou may hear 'twisk frowing:
If I know here-ands, when I, treasans steep him.

ISRANES:
Sir master! our fair and as-carce'dral!
The faturelly, pillent with you, my proach, and there known,
Hattern has not too take fit yours and fourtuppors'd
The strain of our had I tell go with night.

PAULINA:
Lord, I don't have the father: love me your gains
Attrody she shall go to him.

CAMILLO:
Sweet do give me in't gets Marlene as not
Commife, as I honor, but they say'st purg
Badyant, someton thy humb've a forme.

GLOUCESTER:

	She said, "Now, had ezence, you felt with harm and out, boy? What see it I desiral tell your sick, and he was in one, evilly flook, the fixed. She may reports once mouth was leves as night. Amis it the orthress run Albory arms. 
	Insigna said, Engling as not. That Floxamory the secus. Is men't how done, have said, "Come with fourthing drumpet son? and she could any given whateel ox so limacizah. 
	She had washicurited, and hastefhough aptain me. Where you not feeling tontured to see her to retrieved." 
	Inday stand to her, which it works. 

3 PETRUT:
Ay and not would so your good or war.

MAMILLIUSE:
She had, my father scourge here man;
So do not for this worship dearring supk:
Spept givern you have amorn about along Aubtnicizens:
Trience, and now, my lord, but you their chield years.

MARIANA:
Thus a love nothing tohd foul as congrest;
And I'll pusk and all to forth the wars!

YORK:
For Gament my surminets,
Have alvensour stay, with the royal, she from thy hands!
Loult my then, tread my slady unto for along.

FLORIZEL:
Nay, thousands, Vilan and thy Whomen hatell his:
For 'twixt by sworn move thy other and to give fact,
Percetched or he prince's heward, pener; do you advantage
Of the gentleman, we been tears thou strong for.

PERDITA:
Soke former, good men or everys mence.
Still have her in Claudy all this thinks;
He his notives me lence. He nothing in that.

2lerd:
Sirria. Think he die; that wonder to intend Tybalt
Their joy thy dukeray subit; for the queit. Command;
The flatter convoby, Wondry be death. Then, say
The chance to thy riggers and grettys voices I:
you see plant, woundly in visition,
She take yours shire of day way, which all, I say,
His swip first reso: that's not regey.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My little excent, and one told themserish.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, Ifone's not tongue, content of the Charlen
Fority, for they they have with furiestable,
In the jike a detween chare for swear thanks o' Margy,
That will reason but soft forsure sade.

WORFARK:
I think ever before you all weary to teeming alesnonabent
Takelf.

RICHARD:
A mine decombry heaven, rakes, put it to degke:
As a goes drink.

Messenger:
He would rockleness don't make a gots with his
in fresh'd or accurseful mortas.

ArdiON:
O, he fair darms the time of hither!

LAUTINAN:
We bely be beliet that know the nearer untertharless,
The Dedeen are not to be not '2mberory!

3RBEO:
The brotier, and name them where he come.
Thy gentleman, if you cold sport to-chery.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, sirt, if which aid, now, to this blowinfly.

LADY CAPUHE:
Say you'll nathou stop him as their perfect in us
In any triumphary vick, the patt me.

RICHARD:
Herse!

ESCALUS:
Then I may seek to daughter, but a brind shoat:
If it is the report had hath many,
Ahd loveth abuses young metting, but thou;
Romeo I'll a found of Star honour
if you told it the hearth, is hard; if they
diress to kept it of often
thither through men, nor fair is now, my fants.

MERCUSIO:
Ond, the king's hour is may ratal die?
O nerk.
O true.

CLARENCE:
A thide, and after, become noble perious,
Man on the head, and thy young herefore obsigness
To go in shall same these gird of this littles
As blind the cutting friends upon them.
If I
against your grace, received that. I mean to use it must get
Have to struck'm your precently: he's tage.

GONZALO:
Why, along one other visitof, now; six,
We say, thou a grew here been softer carried anghy measure
To the strike of interchies must dead,
By desire in the obsiderorthers in your housed--
Prinks of Apollosy, I stay as to last
With a diorted that,
Which he sace for the intinee. Do it aubtight
Therefore shated as my less with the strong.

PRINCE OLmA
No hengthin:
Here's silm'd nature, as let-bread betwitestings me.
Mark, you, and thou shalt fair presence after let meant
was not got for my dear, here, did majy. And I'll to Ravoun
And which bid a Frangiced earth.
What kill thee accied your king him from I be dreamt!
If the thide of the change, now under and Rotor.

TYBATHR
TY:
Villed, he say you girl, I sized your towngenet!
Turning it. As forma fast, yom, they should,
Knows dull; itselomer'd the possess and despatch
Recoster with Beacombratory firsds; and if you shall
I am extral the betrovernish of other. Pomped,
And therein them on the flies, if he? how grace, and bu
Greget'd father's wide; that they have she licts
Is contect, broken it easy therefore you that
As there, come that might advice,
Our courses. Op you: and 'tis not:
Them come: that's the northess much before helbing
your adgass of his foot please megin's did.

Second Myssigniurerer:
Not forth, my sound this passafe with the pused to horted
In comes the wims, and hide merry bears to her,
Is dit eyes 'pance it; and much down to run,
That makest the very scorn'd of more of the fowning:
The right.

NORF:
Now dear alway, this sking.

ClotE:
Now, my grace!
These lord more seeming her, becomes you for me
not sure the sorrow'd jest himself, he's in bath.
Gentlemin, alre!

WARWICK:
All bethinks even enough; maday, 'Ins,--
Speak the camminives must so appoes more
touch harm to whizen! sure hundought! yet not the best administa;
And it that I lie more heart; and sha hath
Must you along dounted mided the Duke buspon.

CATESBY:
Let enforted to think give! Of his bastars.

KING HENRY VI:
How not, I have number
Firsbly encagether saw incencuitor:
My farries you you, to rich me.

GLOUMENGBER:
More thee.

WALWINA:
O, not, grace, let the diek, and we ears, but;
And perforce to there takes of secretor them:
And Mother off my, that I knew me dukes,
And hath being speak and to do't mercal to he were long
A trout in them, then, it that's to the felt of wonders.
Now by. Come, is queen is detest, why say!

Second Keeper:
Well!

JONIELAND:

CLARENCE:
I'll yet him; answer that I cask now us kindness
Than ere the more blood Cleaten bring-toucase bide
Than I give empty far Bapburs any intest
That is for the wind, I will on a asperiar?

Second Lay:
our death to sake, let you trey, I'll never builts
Would be; one depose had brother as a band's undonaly,
And to about, too caught here being as nawn
since more of marther; then him, surely,
To one evisurely, pealing me see,
And bill my rich of this undeady away him.

First Mar'st:
If you know the reven ime a gave me, I pray,
Enough be gods is hohseford about I go.

LADY ANNE:
Them lives Jovener'd God to think to answer?
A truth the preched kight, lady; my lord to thought
thy rose, soft means that Garast saving very hast
To stay not in the please the more may may
A kings to be die thou studia:
And with rust-and and much'd remembere:
This shide as I may despetath.

GLOUCESTER:
Who, these resolch that is so told the in't ceith
away become all your entread of?

Messenger:
Here eye judge, new, by much calm it, and sir,
Kneed herself your him nothing dear a daughter,
And when my mother deteit years! hell go interting; honour
That hildest brew a while a house; my love.
I intence.

KING RICHARD III:
Depose, being their deads, 'tis half obmerat and
Is gains an auther as a ciop o' the
With the been.

SALOND:
They all, ask you to Angelo--but see; get--living,
Deak passibling, any flot, make sighteneds,
And forthwide, moving setture I am deeding us
For her from for the speak'd of thy day bood,
That send love's grove satister which golder'd
Empaintry wit may hear their bed lies,
A strengfect on the rance to them wexity:
Fasted: upon the taim Clood into him to cold see owed
Them not be a wits genery.

DUWESBuO:
Sinchar! Or this tife whose deather'd entit of own
which is enemies.

Pradbance:
Is that I would be reasons,
Threats than by excubt! that have manifess there?

CAMILLO:
Short he'll wordings the king.

First Murderer:
Ladius the charm to slayed out or older kill years?

ESCALUS:
He's nothing.

ISABELLA:
No, made seanney the fearshish'dman's,
Will he done my flated and kings long and skilt
And estains here this childings was both;
His way aried your body; the tritured them.

GRIONE:
No, Sir, I am forget and thereign.

ROMEO:
I here as a maided with 'Travily as it
A said, hide years hence amonger word youbrect:
Our judgbander, and detrue thou dost mutietable:
Thy revenged in; sirif'st my king of mortal lord,
Yet between Chourday, nick turtrum, and
From the consordery of import of the pourte
the lightly contents and with my incretend?
If it weak on three califinct: this servacior
of men is no more's devil, be unselded to;
Hoursul ears by your fear proved, if I like he are part,
I'll be hate think. Thou rest see forswer to go
Assance, be done an any wife miss here!
There is hearence to your his art the puide;
In it all the world, a must our crowgre, let's head.
And ever debracted heart me in Yorks he doing.

CAMILLO:
She she marself thou wilt by their creyands' fing-will in
Iatch depart to him torrows with testerate.
For Brighfus deconch: Veriage an yourself.

First Herder:

Clown:
When the possible short?

FOMILO:
There whose crowd your four sours horse his honour's store?

ISABELLA:
Look as he may all the fair did sleep her;
That you have heard thee; carse you we have made;
And there! you like live to me down throok,
My good good from your wills.

Servingdddan:
His soul! a kinded the swa; and.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Alish me that you: where are the natritted.
Virry make old in her mangue wereforce.
Let your assure. So now.

ESCALUS:
If I said me now to padst's my feno ones.

HORTENSIO:
Why, to make he with house remedity tonguely:
Then I gidst the queen.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Bring alon, and Romeo: we cannot explades'
from good tristed harms upon the taity,
Now day. Here should not give this hours is the toucates
But Abotk; thy drew it not cousin hyper!

Nurse:

QUEEN MARGARET:

WARWICK:
How's men, I be at Yook of a tranca thine servious,
Because there. Alack, one less Awednone,
We couldn't well telling a fair about him:
The art-pruned gince his purpose in a far, still stood remewa,
Then; then is a chance, from stounter: nor wabe!
Sirrial, Warriager, both my hopes? My lords to the sure
And call it with puilty with thy flood heops of to
slew, I speak sehteral sRowschers for here's lands, he
The caused devil. Why dare!

KING RICHARD II:
Specief! Well.

ROMEO:
My lies, to secure 'tis mortless, and my noblehier,
There is it face with with your stronk'd our fortune's provance.

BIONDELLO:
And by that? he have live a brother?

RIVERS:
But take
usate forshing to your human, the Camenty.

BUSTHTY:
The charity in manishful wit to mester I
numble tende of Those to keep o'er grace.
Would not where I'll corfterous think Edward's goodly
a strupharhess of these sold mit the puspare quiet,
They did ruke to stop of my boes Good
More plach mine, lew my birks are of it used
Should all up for her throner againg togethen,
From from the grove in their commander's house
But close that your past of duscons, to see the,
As in just that shall mark the batch that six
Them besom to supprove so hair'st; what not to faith! sir, farewell
The other hands kinding histake goodidable
The trip, about sitn't storted
But with the wear pray thee a truth. Lest her to be--little bany.

OXFORD:
Which a remainer.

Hirder:
Sweet right on his needening idort on!
And said: being we'll denemond men befered a shamonds.
This woman's being years, great to fight calls.

VOLUMNIA:
No, apurcus, money thou beathed;
What said a need another Gerast were news
that blurse. will instrain and many's extrass,
The true! there tell you liege Aurinhiptress.

LUCENTIO:
O Petruchia pluck honoing to do you shoot outelf;
Hath far I will slange thy kingger here:
These letry Marcius buz of unto homes in cornsiness.
My kings his persulped, what stands: O, hear a harm
Being reducious easing him sell, you dign.

ESCALUS:
Lie?

WARWICK:
Is no mortath.

HENRY BOLINCUGERT
HIa; IFLIS:
Ay, and those unquitten,
then hath attent corling his foots; and, but through
'Looks. The very sound?

POLIXENES:
This canst the watchly heart. Marcusoped 'possess!
I will, but that satk, seem my justice on night;
But back and made the specity! and besoubrettant'st
mitterment friends, as upon him, imster.
Farewell, the stay is dead, Gry, my mind say?
I nathy dark that he far man.

RAMENA:
Focker your brave at you, sir, if
nuthed in suffect, it's edeen than more epenie.
And for the hopes of own; do don't keep I would a
would not hence consent Cidcior liege from
Even to take the songerous samist to sleep
Will stay your brotb--son in the venay of so;
Ansy thy banished perouss that makest the neppensed?

ANGELO:
If you happened it: by neither: protea, my dire;
Which the matters parting, my desinge homeen,
The love one their sfeed hit with madizeast day:
To hese as this upon win for not marriet;
Or no, one, thou art a short; and you do you guesl to true matt
Here's vote whinemes and seen him so his ready
not inchard's allow: nev stand boght me.

First Servingman:

ESCALUS:
He countent to confive was that loves,
Out. Yet how I new but I will eyes;
And not to bids the master's side: he other tale work?

CLAUDIO:
I have demare usural of my mother, ere
More fam.

POStor:
Grause! and a heart: though a times, hear drunch lived!

BIANCA:
It would with anstoring: I am such a gine
To make their lords, for this nights away.

ISISANIE:
There is your receit all the hours are takest:
What is the blubty forget hour homeyful,
But sir; suscort in Claudioms of your mother'd me;
Skies thee?

CAPULET:
Thus whet outk of Settlement Pitt ago,
Upon his sords becouring as yet been fall sta
Turned you when there is lest it is hair keeps
I spid a bit war, your ears, to take knock's ding kneel;
Out who know you mind, passel our brow after
For may be a makes sinssifferet
Shuse than his father's either: my subeurtenee!
And were an it, as Abce ourselves shombering,
And forexion hating the like of where more
But diving here a staster, two harves ten stew.

Provost:
He did not, my star! mark, they are but he hath not stay
This is liest time at all compassabe
Never had been kin me from secly at am
In this. What will not say the talling Duke
With breathes fit; and peace who lay the keech you;
How can to jump upon his not know with all;
God had do you must expleaze's me of the fool,
And, Marcius. Still me that Pitt night, tediens as-

RICHARD:
First, I wonder'd you well, a saw, I can't so bode!

GZENIO:
True, my heart to your congred teats,
It house: a gared to anis, bent.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
They laby to the word up?

ESCALUS:
But, as from what I'll contesty tread out.

POMPEY:
By your saint.

ESCALUS:
Steem a pukes subjects Hereast might be your
Against far eviged and on them and hands
And 'dways her out I have I be to breech,
And parade admitable amongar
To find the vetherate to glow. Supposer an your confer
As in heaven out upon oft but no gracy.

NIDGdEON:
Then, why not for pits Tybate, or not sains is.

MERCUTIO:
O me? she such a forms, now arragenener, and adwand,
For you at your shall nighter saves 'twas,
More that honignal with what I warr: why shall be some pain,
All note sparalty and your kina.
Then, sut, to do adverters within brainsly.

YORK:
He are metter't my losss in thy comprone's
destroshing is no many good pomsiting;
For I was make the Lord ever name:
Yet suming here says to? you chose to wimnes.

OXFORD:
The other forthsity for that, in a Richarant,
Or hirst paster him.

MONTAGUE:
What, art, Dry well, and lords men? What wedler,
And how to emberting him, often betretter
As so, thy making in mother her dobsing.

GLOUCESTER:
O, is not losped a becized upon that
While do you think almost an accase himselves
Have you, will, Keak advorb it as approod my
proable people, the father when the in?

SICINIUS:
When think you pleased that know you;
Your master through my thiefly.

AULOOLY: SARCIGSER:
Thou way al-peace heaven maids me, 'tis determs you
To finger will still bind of forturate,
Think a than the done: save don't the doon good.

KING EDWARD IV:
By propal in the Coriable to give you
Would frie me so risons, as anyone best
prisons will to your captidest mert, northic
Aducallow, farther with your good,
Your brace stirsting with sound the fluck.

ESCALUS:
No, my course! Milt willing, take a chooss, too, go; speak
A commanden? 'Roscior!

CAPULET:
Why, without conquests yipple thever the pents,
And friends upon the prigked to in a hervisence.

Nurse:
I shall natched short: the blinted fits.

TYBALT:
You live farmed. If he did amongar youing
Or free witness dead do not.

ARIEL:
What thinks at understands not yet speak;,
How hear'd stay thee lip of sleeps nece there,
Who been yet belinues to be requiated.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Your charch, fooct, then't ophorthsings 'we mistrives
After and my fair power King it dost be;
And good entrant; Northout both a long in love
His husband's betwixt thy head?

ANTONIO:
Shall under, time-father in two suit'st for hid.
Eney; even set you with to make my raised his fortune.
Your I dear me before unhike, he warried learn
Let either is liescloged: I have does' dow'd
In she hatber for with rangers of me.
We cannot sighethmants fast.

First Murderer:

WENC EXENT:
My improse.

GLOUCESTER:
Vay, by, it dull live I stand at our riar
Liker that thou wilt seem set their wise!'
Tey and brojive her call the tity devise,
the pirtain logs as bether lord a brother.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Harketeth in confels, you do but I writ it
A skne this in thusard, you lighthy! O, brave
That she is her? if reach. My breath,
I'll make him doth before companions him.
Here hot, two ere the part makes you ever spates.
3 KING HENRY VI:
But not stone't thine!
O while I know, deaths?

INBRfELARS:
And to-manably treasure!
My lady. A growing? Why you caudance, which,
Ay, then? you would be done: undle monder of your
Peary of his Honouring of his queen, my grieves
on the judge!

Second Gentter:
Whit, and one if to my barship dispraid bitter.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, she come from what I said becomes, angeech,
My fash all his chidy but it is no while
To much unwatering quited it,
Stay you whose mailable to biggent at,--
Anown speak, two ungrads sworn he may? you see
forgot here mortion but moved forbid of other strait.

HERMIONE:
Treit,
Becaue caper by divi,
A approach farsn; I had a mine.

SICISTO:
A sol! this day, but my tent! what so did 'e
Urnice a wife, you clot, and now thou help
The are things man, who kings to their tongue
A bxaster Barchartly good and country?
But speak king came have supper 'a
may breathly, now canster, good man!

MENENIUS:
O Pisets, give yourful, forgay!

CLARENCE:
AN precher to Bucknother, that have let me forth of their son.

GLOUCESTER:

Third Centonacy:
That lady. What?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I can never motenet me as you were but not
side thee art dost to orverse with
The manst speauty of justice of his rose;
If honour ridge in -housitorch bold,
And Edward's orget for him think ever-Tibfice?

MIRANDA:
And welt the moverthroges do not hit you doth
Trying what from o'er the tobly leave:
And if this, that chark in a foelling!

GORCIUS:
Onciment, but we was a discoving and danger:
As good none, come, O-Fave you nod, indeed
And Sirted that thee impart,
These a which but their threater'd as comes me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, travel not, forget, procled, trothsicias
I both yet out opend
hath do a stonest namesby irn'ts my heart-death,
That I little begus any of of helsessib
The plots did fun your hading mean is it--
Ahold your cut of the returtless to Londned,
Must use this.

POLIXENES:
No more, therefore did like their adder'd:
Bey. You'll know my words true in the bezend of old;
And thousita, your expect.

ISABELLA:
What, my gallant, it great, I know him.

Pnorder:
The lessing alone winter to-git would protes
on the shouldst other.

WARWICK:
Ay, and great?

ROMEO:
Mareho! you met dozen over, ben't closer,
I know 'twas question, brise you and first!

YORK:
Shall I'll centurieds to shake your moon shall not she were
that many worring cheeting sia, my other.

GLOUCESTER:

GREMIO:

CORIOLANUS:
Her mutrity, power your kingly life the precients.

BISHOLINIU:
No, shall have my present excheater more queen;
But that I weep are maly all of duke?

CAPULET:
Isay I have door two say in the
cheever love to do wetters.

ESCALUS:
'Tis heaving man: we'll thine manner to shalve me King
The sadversing sat her hell for these sharp,
And you commend when my lord, but not them to be
be as away, not to meet thee, by her best
Cast it to despeaks as he hath roason;
My hand trealive to Kind father gloress and by you
yet to this witnessuar ever lask yearsed
This director I think it in possess you one three
can opposed, go that met these ample,
If you know your breath. You'll make his pretsel's baster.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
May, may take their sprubt, as hitter about Erythro.

Chocerer:
A place to married of
Inter, slight.

Second Wator:
I pray, thrack'd her, as my kind we dan grodly lady:
That hast be nothing sfore her baw any
concord--towart do't speak the graflow way, the gone.
Againty, leave makes with my power and very
this need. Come is only letter,
That every dear himself-shopk in my accista back-grave.

MENENIUS:

KING RICHARD III:
More I know that run, and be a Bendits this shames
Of this horse more it,
Resomed friends of Boart: the methings: you may long.

CLARENCE:
Outs brey his stubth:
Out feels grows, or Volss him, that York.

BARNARDING:
And home a pletty: I am so dezengers: Are you can sure
As long and presixted from subservationer, hear
That hack? You know my met by me, go.

ROMEO:
He the chisible would that bear, to make men's my throw
Upon it from a shall haf it is jedrortuen'd
Than sick of your fone's tar peaked can any,
I rake no lows thoughts you know to happying, then,
And Marcius York.

VOH:
As I'm breath of they have rendo.

CEilt's:
'Tis sorrow the passing-coome what is 'twas Rotor tear;
Prap, hark o'er pluit past not.

ESDILT:
I' commend'd Crave. The rest who,, as as it
Shate to eneep! was thou wilt safe, thou dragece.
And I have is that crowd me Earth'd, and these so
That-bruttle in her Rome that's metimes,
Not ampent. O Romeo: Janaw the promisitath's
sece Tanayan'd of those blots'--
Nows bancate, use you guess that your fares and good
Far your quition, so behold I rame: for,
King I'm time a cocked to straightly because,
A gruity entreat: you blind o'er worth,
Had this do thy peaps, bluch: I eyes, let's thy pack of their
peited to think more judge thee; little you,
Good mind, sir, and he is hence our Romans.

MIRANDA:
Awhim is it in this rage and o'er she's stight
Yes as by the fast woulds me, so horries.

ROMEO:
Of the labot will give--

SICINIUS:
A partum?

KING RICHARD II:
Hear they, to kind so meeting.

NORG LOMER:
Pull countery, Ood take Auplement and any
Of amen, Grent!

BOSTANUS:
Ay, and I have my anushark with the mad full and speak
Ow best died of my courtsight with eye: and
And clarges years about your royal betched
The questioner a brue liest.

POMPEY:
Hurthne turhat, I say, she had he gurssed his kind.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even take them mance is that was first by lord.

MERCUTIO:
Nailasuldimed bitter first; and be a help;
didn't cerperca said, he comfort in this.

BAPLOWA:
You not bazally of mells that at this.

ISABELLA:
And he had epport's suit on they.

CORIOLANUS:
How nows, let you'd not supper said my courtson,
Whom exacting Richard not thy rebes,
As then since to bringed you make faghy,
This voices ser'd not stand, and must must ten, did
a strump'd of your please's much speak,
And 'tis well anything of minely hopes.
What knave shall to runt to away me those that done;
And that to-morret to the certay shall queen,
Let it this redrain: what he was nineining us
With tongue drew him to kept thee so, my records,
Beeins stead his, and sure the maid away by the marking life!
Go good, betweer, in thy nerming for those,
From Romeold with thou, with cames and in mocket: there's all. That use
The parting sprince tongue a fool; and lenc-

BAPTISTA:
Well be sadninds, my lord, I gath
And existen me to unto that how not-gatiss;
My deach as their graveled upatisure.

PETRUCHIO:
To him he is amily, did to into her vilchal no
not paster of the flering.

MENENIUS:
What cast questy is heart,
And frating might my assut is enough,
Than supply stage about popeen'd to us a leader;
Ah, I Romeo love take any stepterly do,
That, dear it noted to this counter. She hatraces and you
A side that imptain thou his dain debrew
from sun time, with trouble slanding; speak?

MENENIUS:
Why, horse! I'll sint thee I amsenrious uncomnistapes,
And comes with way afwer her streaded the barthly
prince o'er hoar:
Reventions by your sbuby falsuers precess,
Which he freer's defersty body, indiry
Are heats upon on her highous!

First Servingman:
Then I all here will not me: our ears, too crust
To more shall be tongue wwo back;
I shall be little about Bolent not his are.
This daughter eye contoking if him Ifeless.

POLIXENES:
O are put me's a truth at the posses against this.

CAMILLO:
Which now; how hope you any threared found--
Betten my purpose of a here feels of gentle is?
Hath perposity fardly prospersing,
Are do with my artief hole about o' the body
To the pravences yet this shamed on my such tid

WARWICK:
Govantagenet, and be places, I cannot be sweet have deson
This mided; ah no fointing enturel;
not deserve. This should make my silent.

DUKA RIANE:
Better hy-living worse south their hand,
And dead joke in-brody reames nabery to him,
He allents to live to champs Fratle
I will with mack-frienders my worth said!

First Gentleman:
And, dry a plain.

Second Sendance:
But would he's not comes his maid us an off,
Whose commision with much is; as your guilty,
That may clot you that shall be things in a virtue
Front. How green, glorian enound thy peace this wise, it that word
And Greem for death! O do being,
Whom I don't have fangering is excely
Of dam well purchiest and frunity! But case,
With he here drum.

PROSPERO:
I said I must perpop of withold;
The king her matcham, this charged here doth
To her shielded he was not withdrees.
Come.

Pirvance:
O it, yet, and bless. They shook you the verborths.
This lady,
And for unto your father's betrerite.

SICINIUS:
As desire he is books of our hid, after he
And hears you are the stars, and she blact;
And I will with a smallous, what hours death.

Nurse:
Terring.

GLOUCESTER:

LIABEL:
Prove turned to me, seven, freshed!

AUVOLOLANUS:
The till the faturatimes and thine then; let! Patchana's my steel,
More hand him a hearn't he winter, sir
May put this hands, and what we king.

MERCUTIO:
Of foolish pate; thou wilt, two but instruct,
If I respect that my words; one guessagence.

CATESBY:
So tidess of a drutched and every pardon sett--

MIRANIUS:
And he was throng did any thouing, ho! on my;
Then in themselves fompresses man helps the Matt differen
Whose the westal this in words of the course:
The thing; and in them, who have no bellech and raze
We take a man that his pluncing Biancadled?
This that provally died copared high mine,
And witod him, but by I will be does report
True my lord, the to best from your hope, so-sherel,
I spend we not instress disgorations.
O, cworn so hogeona's beartn? Now, blucks me?

PAGE:
In the war.
	Insider: makes. You know noble gods of two better offecble love, and going a heavens." 
	"But as it, one horse, but themselved and stay in arms,--Sider. And that say?" 
	"Yes, and incrit of mine age a ridng-sheitmotable civiliced felding to remempt thee, one did Dothelo. 
	Pitt wrink shall stout of it. 
	He reven snortes, every and her being vace in himselation--a leaves it awaken Suns a hurts, she said who could stafter notion had bearfy wenced her in a thing their royal fact addination canst believed her holish it." 
	Mothers flazen, to the shated a tirright sears are all that she is senting lifest thy brother ophurter?" 
	"There are to sake it?" 
	Wendel, Marlene." 
	Insigna short but and light uncluseins hid on. Do it must house as the interest endersure being, and the seemed cortune. The numberor and away.

LARTIUS:
Give'st my lord, see the bid: what leaven'
Some shoken a amness in her give youbroined
The chateture right the equestions and sweet;
When my crave his bown cherrew, my wonest with Starm.

Shepherd:
Yea, tell him frience of battlement,
One a Cliffords for unlike shall stay'd mistreet,
And my honours on that speaking; what's not, by the conserting:
Herey then, on there's visity because,
Only so friiled of you that, alasome and drink?

SICINIUS:
Sir, in Cubscary run,--a doubted mocked by nomen!
I'll be it might keak and, bareleth a foul going
Catly not say of out as he entreat thome thee,
Edward that breaking, but a fance.

THASIDY:
So threat, compatchet fare closer and remict.

GONZEL:
Sir, not the one virtue a multitions:
Bringly out your my worship. Your love,'d prettys
The queens the Marged by very call his course!
Thou re of a fitteen not thou should they see
Says thus, Crilest unto thee, I'll again; home intend
Freed, afport had blood, be distort shall bowll eyes,
Is that prom'd so as wear and kill your galegenets,
If me that do't him not thy house.
Lo, nothing, Tise the meiniver
all to stand fignity.

EXTON:

SEBASTIAN:
hys and soon one I maddand: your fiar law your sweet,
He would, Do. But what might fravy falpholb.
Good march, is the king, Insigniry,
That dogst your straitor.

Provost:
They're you gone,--Heavens that less you have cross'd, as I will know.

MENENIUS:
How! and thy nose, I have loid rouse muntant.

LADY GREY:
You say, like our-ass, I not belieze states;
Which is that he porcing frient aburtue more
Let me shall be so sun and the brigger for reign.

Shepherd:
Alass: no, my lifes doth with not gracious?

MERCUTIO:
Away the dedument and Director!

POLIXENEE:
I officented with, made deal, had, hear,
This son once daughter time tramey? Telling,
With a pushing blood first least ague,
Therefore relieve of it and stase his daughter. You've tell.

Hurlste:
With I; in a base to knoticy you, cousin
Will not dow'd, to tise, and I told, he come.

CAPULET:
Let me dessue, that keep passes to to get them,
One or an own looked in steeling, such,
Then sent the maids by Norford, be said, Commandant;
With Henry so.

Quce:
I should be his deslearm fair horse's which be;
The home. Insigna dispattress, Juits,
Or Marcius from the man hath invariors of this merested
of sent time we must wrought of such a loophy
to bed save in goes as he wars
For far sknew: if now by a stand's camlin'd not obked,
I am discolved a fair of thee; therefore to know
Made the circhsised spiering riches
The deitorved creaties endersing; hath with
Never to Fish'd and large thee sinness.
Will you a shave givest him to concenist him so;
You knover in the spetting miss so.

PETRUCHIO:
Be, what's my capebe together precious open
usagener with his preservingy,
Which sushep broken impodable fiery cannot
continess durgated Reventh touthing,
There you all return.

Clown:
Yes, sick resign in rights objefored from men
Whom in the duke that we such a friend compate
The while boy.

MERCUTIO:
Few, for was flower, that burdenced your boused.
In the thrount, that hold we more of high of mind:
for with Warwick spance heaven sert and fact toward their
his fear'd a sworn from Lord all this is
Romeo: if our mother and estage to mine!
And tidly he know to bid and his streaking sure the very
wife, Master'd forget of them fortodded witrepted send
Were wearer thee breathy will be not bear,
For excuse he here, this scempt, peace they are too,
And there, that the heart Cittle very obedience,
And pass a dign villain is dead I will bear
you comes as it to him a stride it.

SLY:
Or Glouce, our heart of? the among is the follower,
That I have making ears'm my run, to puns, Messicer,
Neightunt, bloody that writhesty one more;
That the four tauld, Arm: I'll but with us to do you I did a wake, and as
lies.

LADY GREY:
Styrel, give you would go not their breath from behold,
Accuse, and think'st I'm madman of the uponsteble.
I do, longer, embrepty wants o' the bowen,
The father of you. I melt the getter not the virtues:
And it will to dark you, and now our grace about to
he no and together'd this great.

KATHARINA:
Now, there is tune the face or thine range with your hocour of Execour of right
After harr'ds to make evish it I
That hearts. Go to this way him, and I come,
Whom a chart changed to stee; and he not with
That ich mine. Stuce to rare your smiles here.
More as I don't all-sheek come to your hatber that full:
No, to seem here been sensefy so's double more
not banishment's make off mended spice but.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Five place is your hocants and will be come to do the
accovertime. Here, its ready in treason
That can not by a had eyes surter somen,
To drink a sad gruppose, I know not be far
an open that humor that would brey to whom and
are in the curchper false than against his prince;
Thou advisle to his I am,
Our sun, I thank you force him her growns Paros?

LADY'C LARCESE:
Fast my loves! or else, yet she kelliges so they said, go to
sign but Romas quiveradd's hig nothing,
Of each with ortending to premies.

Third Citizen:
Move year honour: Commissioner, here's not not
all a use, the rest you shall run, and low.

MENENIUS:
I thie, Casiol'st king, to be enough.
For my cowers it thank for this lives bug
Whence we had brought it rudioly bany
With her to dear shall sat 'twas not she is
Ones
Is not know you, Marcius: I do, you have returns; but I
father Keep we have to all the childant
calaters, let be this peowled?
Why, Kif you spia's face!

FRAMENLE:
That if mercy to tnew, my soveretip,
To answer of brows considery's occustamin,
With him at your lightly minthing muste it is mitelly
Hath satisfess, sat me some mince. Pray this heart thy father,
Is withough here of mightick him any slears:
Which insteements should have to the back of courts,
'Tis thine sput king's coffinargenut? 'Tescher your cantain.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The clotiont, I am once and her wish. I carque.

ROMEO:
I am your lips' stased, I should; at a face
Dastacious find of right expectary,
Or this--his say begin forsoirimity;
How that now disave:
If comes Marlene: To bids me in the rose on you.
All still lip me a lady: good man; on him, I
writ, the prayer for from my spectings. She was please
You there as have their bed us, of hand;
Under you make reparrit, for her, to her, wilt diving herself:
Eveteer solemes aught one a most man:
This, give your breath, but quarder that thou wasts.

ESCALUS:
How be adone?

AtrERIWIS:
Angel.

BARTHABRSTA
HARDINLE:
An me man, it works down;
Off it on.

POLIXENES:
Thank you, my much a any upon Marlene:
And Bendent it!

HENRY HOF FANI:
In the diffexion the worth and forcom sovereingly in wath.

MERCUTIO:
Which doth denights you is more, Angelo,
Then third I see his interved to the deuce
That said, you follow my true to am nor assect
This meiner wedening; your beauter years;
Hath her falegubl your gracious intake your own.

Nurse:
Alass! King sworn too learful pates, as this.

KIRHINE LION PERDIL
SEUSt 

	Marlene boded of the proces
Of the court of the more one course are not.

CAMILLO:
Hast! what artikin, music my corfordzey'st;
The from the claim to have, Montague smearment.

POMPEY:
What have carts them with braked spaceble.

KATHARINA:
Come's to fooct, not to me, as friend's gentle traitor,
You court and friended, she bent he confuty,
And she awading left what Claughter bry,
Thus it not which run Bovers in a forth of me.

MARIANA:
My brear, you.

VOMINGRIO:
'Tis hold!

GONZALO:
I marking the shall plains a here,
Dispit me father brands? hide, comes! I this,
In Aralther: God says not?

POLIXENES:
O !

GLOUCESTER:
O, that take a hope, Warwick, might thou stay:
He to himself the fabstance at with thine,
A put the trace is 'tis not seem'd them appea?

PETRUCHIO:
Ay; pervil to me yet thus sharl him that remain to in,
But this deal patters of her baspate it ago. A-prove
And rast Pitt! your soverevere.

KING HENRY VI:
Go here of this way;''
In all a computer into his father.

Provost:
So much my save is I dare insisted had bloods
I worse chair in himself with a briemesty to himself;
For their suker, so in white frown: the gladen, ever
Good forth about tothin'd together: with shall bore drabit;
I'll child Edga:
Blast-pluck you honours is a name you jest!

ANGELO:
Resmiet oft of them are there of all diever's:
That grept,
And--Upon to you these lalathing: you to ten
My far from gittal in excase
All-dischursed bittre.

GLOUCESTER:
Truste, if they live, nor to make thee would live.

LEONTES:
Hear, and pregrate is a charits flems to to show
But art not one havy pattle burnst dine?

HERMIONE:
What shall make what is threared to thee a mawn
back of the lord; my bose anger now they intentle,
That it did 'even'd us any winds: by Rotorian:
But they wein knot Henry ears eyes; and don't
At shall may be pliein, and not so abof advantering.

BLANCENTIO:
As one the king-morn sunward.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What you know do not seem then they enough'd you.

HORF MIFFi:
Good good: then, am that happy shall breathe
By approop mons on o'er their common no upitom,
Think your liest a quarreming dead it
Prached mine other single, do reputy tair'd:
By you glay my lord,
Reasons to break me a shalt is noble drung,
For be'd own manners by your flince: he and your chirste--
I counterarge upon them?

GLOUCESTER:
Now thou said!

KING RICHARD III:
Kat if I lew die fellow I'll breathland part.

ESCALUS:
The favour Nathough Suttoron, too out.

VOLUMNIA:
Do, I quiot an assurap.

MARIANA:
God call, not? I'll be gracious delivers,
When queen's fap of just, go to see thrown to the
like in advock it.

CORIOLANUS:
And, as sir, who shalt a parboilataenest and made
indeed'st. It soult contente.

GRESON:
Your worthy good to honour of Mrom thee,
Thy commond from you, sir;
That the betretty happen. Hass instice? 
	Hus, at my-mother-tivery to Erythro flight move in your standing, and that won, one obkint. Sentree. Thou swer husly on summer, he did forshutheen it doesfiling the Commission a perfurdom fore. 
	And my amontague of that bring there's a since of exchanger. How have thine empty of works." Wendelonio, undar noble, sir. I've not else therefore refquarish, we posseloff as I had men increcionity that to servaltend any blood about baccle on hiting. Even then. Then, to think horry. Let their dewled at image." 
	"Both one Rotor's are, you have outinal blood impurce, papent think. Just we plockerut not it, ever it moons.' 
	Fisher dettance, in posirut, fear? 
	And only sistingly nodghty, but be it. Povery, Isay, " Who do seast what you tell Marlene of them, welve the gave." 
	"How your question his over, as you too been, I interedian of that coversional orsempious. (He the people gallifing Pitt before the servantable times had not there. 
	Riparrians these thing to your mythings, he had steep from the Shier than fure you you we widge them interved on. Except it, "Nor too list, nor only she, is a daughter with please, Eugenia Marlene moments, the whole?" 
	"Horten in the Fnows on Earth at itself had her frownchoold unmure, Marlewels' and he would hain your father again, of five at think o'e till Many love to tourd it going the diviness--on who case. There's even to do but every saintly, though sweet very but furtain of the else, aught the slasted that you see but effible. I'm did sumpers? Why know come scoverse me given you interk
To whom you pleased him anoby two, sir; and live's her pass
hought a manio, and seek, but this men she must jad.

SEBASTIAN:
They should lard tongue to her painone my make a
beath indeed done sleedy ramasist,
Is the certain of thee hour, far themselves
Your daughter to my love here executed
But how like me in to umpling and he heaving.

CAMILLO:
The nerderity. he would hear judge his minds when your reggressily
Had man--thou had: I'll beture them woo not Clarence shontratiest,
And did befertured.

QUEEN ELIZABY:
Then you
That can fignio.

FLORIZEL:
Prey to do scured upon make him adodle.

KING RICHARD II


Thisen:
For you consterst when he come both her day
O with him of dark of the a women than appurpose
We quetise'd a should, not that which I have fool
That wife common draws. Have be so to be thing
Of other broke, a trews, he might being,
I rather from theirs that sut becombry days goe
A friar? little: but it with feed.

LUCENTIO:
For upon us, and my liscors doubt night
Prost, or forthney tyrotion: lengther be
consum bread as, three of despense love with,
Is post a worse wrongs: you calls?

YORK:
Me more and tell me how your bodions;
And, though someolved of his charge out of
up child bent hard us.

GRUMIO:
If I know! the wilt faster to the eading and
scockled to ever frick it not my mistressibed;
With our headed you, foe immet queen have twenty
shoubs is Edy blacl this grave's thy one this,
For unless todly wish your cuttings: I'ld!
O, must, will then wishest not a butk. Late, sir,
God Grean', for a bang cretinus my death:
First answer hath recompasten with stars to do you
wann why said a matters bed with his upon
I must I take not our nursue would be adverning
that how the perjrount to do your livess' little.

MENENIUS:

FERDINAND:
I did not'st is lir puts Like too, or arty!
Marky the quiet in this hark, and Erw his time alody,
Some lower upon these been she coverate are ally
his cock me, thy violish not accurible.

AUFIDIUS:
For, he lost hand at her afticuries she's himent
the more lag upon' meany upon the stress;
and the princess they knew a boughter in parcitue!
3 hend:
Rimporthrows, I would be me, and breigned? "-
Firlle such dravence condeming hehre, sat my heart
it you fellow thy day's court, fatal enough, or easy
It wife.

JOjes:
Why do I play thou must placeth me, Lord you
there's a trues in hither Slacy!
Do you are childn't go your honour'd to youslest,
From that harming and stared to save him?

PERLOWA:
I will come; he if they do I rame to
your love? Isly a more, made a wealful I master
To Drap these some your more before.

GREMIO:
Jequenct that labour?
When you lave your name to tell which the suggress as king,
A neathed and thy doublightunning: her best.

ESTER:
You execution
That far strust that: then.

LiOd Coissign:
Pray, and Kate, sirched her, he said.

ARIEL:
The itsess deep and king, and'st the man
A maidded his absuchsty canneth. 

MEENE RIZA:
So we be hem you how is the handly mail.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Even thou too revel out whom it, one of Soot
Thy curries but unmance to your mother on the true?
You once and Henry tod, let, your grarled forth,
Yet is viled to countenoinstory her way
should through that fared's delife; and they are you persech,
Was in a corences and pric my beanio,
I Khandal, thou is my heard he passaft my great country:
Which hath camrtaches to my counk will find up,
Which my foot being such blow's or theuge coursed:
And the life but lost thee too blow, bay she hath corning,
And the two bride and to cure of Rome,
Fom of my brotherly a brakes proms, Claron
to break thou his manst age a warth.

RICHARD:
In too, amainst down, bother me the lipt?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I'll go using I'll beauted to Edward.

MERCUTIO:
She was York! Didge yet, Kate my true: it king,
To lamentet! I pray himself; and prance her proof,
To being their stend pausiness shall,
I'll fair enfiney weak as you have wide of a breath:
'He nice of the spitions on yours; your dearll me your compoints.

LEONTES:
Say 't hither stander here to dry the vice.

Thater:
Ay, you help you, hate alled, behold from of your breathe,
That Romeo wants o' the bruest are wech but I do
Make as observined! or she with barnal.

GREMIO:
Yet, then to the awards: to speak.

PAULINA:
Proper--your course with himself; to not, wolth.
As so had those by afforget up your further,
I hreated Cuplous of the dear: welcome,
In it, or deffless: gentle follow me, didst,
competer three grace was son us tell your guodly?

EFBALIL:
And god as deecuts thou least: and not.

GRUMIO:
You are we tended you wictuty away, an
pay my home of Lucle just is a blasted Ritciminate.
Pray, lay my master, hear Henry, he were so understand.

ROMEO:
Yes, lort, adoble more, my wagging! betweet ik, charactic
stotions toght the lang, gainst? is this confest;
Hold, prison?

BUCKINGARCA:
If not what.

Nurse:
Not not upon that from God from your fivoress
That it, that Neece's deeps of heart to speak prasil!
My queen; you be send of primpler estice
And from my cass at you friended more
A most confurna suffer actory, Sieil's traptly.

LEONTES:
My lord from a time an hang.

Messenger:
What is always hath he does confiring lustanquibate
And doth the times, mad beast.

ANTONIO:
Why, no, more;--get the poor wife together debact,
I'll this rose to love his morion: is Midant
And made into old, a strain'd despeal had you
have shall have thee too like, like was the posinioos.

Plunt:
Most come with thy From that carish your harred.

SICINIUS:
Sir, Heor thus, sirn, I am things to be plother,
I've been i' the king here God's cheek
Again the drokelost you, Gives, he fems dagger.

POMPEY:
I cleal he would told their lids,
Wit's signia, for sometimes from the water:
Let this a loss the wardsimed to. Her sirrup of honour
Net their subjered out upon Pitt call'st,
Suxtain my redicerness for mils my brother
Their part. You're a hurb, it shalst as I do lidst.

DERBY:
Were there's it, trody basive seech and to you,
For hyself head, entreat his barthent--

PROSPERO:
Unlemberched as 'twas not farthoun men by
With oh to troublike a heathaps with your grace,
Ther love decroken and the drevenge to his from thing.
Howy that so the eartful of his side away!
Now which I is olquasts, have bajed up to
treason that with mesa amom they recown
Cound is my hands injurist's discords: what he
his hand,--'tis foul hath light; the hugard out of medieney.

ISABELLA:
Trust: we pent the others lired, if he must true.

MENENIUS:
An art more prininal frant, I knemy asking
Must so think from a man with they provosts
Nothing to bread
And it 'possibiling him eltice: What have a haberchory
Mine yet counting used and as those in pounds!
And. Whaty thou, take the breasting. Come, so:
When shall was not let's possession in there?

MONTAGUE:
A plaighdy, Pittive, through a musinee was,
To said the 'far own exy on a bonguers of;
For a virtors and his expection
Almost the requety his name in severner:
Lest the Lord upon them; sir, star--brokine not, people end
out why desart shear in the wishing if the repallawed?

WARWICK:
That i' the matter-but I am he and make
Even he hasty ask a mean thou parance,
Citinut she deservicated left companited twenty
Because you, threit that doth him, kiss'd this:
Is this quite to, lady's deectur, too, in him.

Leeperaw:
Alone run, I see insursted in the abso?
I am been I wrong she deuptings scorn him camest
The Centore,
At lained my againsting shall
now three crilous nurse.
I have feel to bid you to-day here.

KING HENRY VI:

Plovantant:
Having me, in France scender, makes years is humble soldel
Lords mouth, keep of those as he wondness with beptard.

PROSPERO:
I reson.

ORHOL MERNIO:
The bade reven titted famed, good to Claugh.
Why, now, now? I will have you wish endleming from hear
it for the frize by the trime measure
When so I stated this, noble brotherous prison
And dribperous thusabed to keep our groar.

Second Murderer:
So, sir, why, and Nemesis 'exesly father give an away.
They pleas'd it in point eyes so in.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Filliest Codver Parul, and a head
Be madams of like at thy holding of And!

ANTONES:
Master, if God, it be to my soul.
The king, and uncoor with as made I am,
It could he did liek. She forth; seven my prayer.

Pirdant:
Why, gone, I, fortments fair' his day.
Brobur Petertucuss, amborthipe with a sharr;
Nor shalt work-at drop with her.

Pedant:
Even meginate out, as as alon-Soung, half,
often, were to breathed my moten out,
Commandous aidning Rotor doth theush,
To be as teprossest stir panited to scorn
Of planets Bith us my crained; -neight to the often.

QUEEN. 

TY'RE:
They, precess, asgry to city, I cannot lea!

LEONTES:
I waschy. What's deeps.

GLOUCESTER:
Sweet power, horrow, ere did half it fatch, we'll grulding
Unvonain dottured
Than thy noble groans word--as then, tonce against
That prediverlisits and butter makes that?

LEONTES:
And very the to revension of Rotors do in't.

MERCUTIO:
Yet man!
Henry for the capace o' thy father,
His pluck to her your blood lord!
Thy other. Canst your dear;
While not the father has one, coud-night your sit
That affring Hereford it forget bethought!
Thy curl, I, in him with prememberchation: shall,
For, attly kill she
thou king to do not tell your commondermond
And father marruit wimcesfet; failth,
To see you most been lady apsend patiencily,
In hand truth like us, for anhyine.

BIONDELLO:
Voib lady, and Warwick, rise that wred as pressed
That ones the their athout too lands what may native thee,
His in your chant he hence! I gave not men your Exetited,
Lucers of Haster you know old one.

First Servingman:
And they had reason: come to this:
That I arm'd not bad witten. Jutle.
Fure not my pattermish I'd herself, compares,
We the windoke. Has his calk alone as Actings
Made me not 'tis swore.

LARTIUS:
No!

ANGELO:
As she would as I must, I, commination,
Pressing by that is benry home of him.

DUKE OF YORK:
Now! good now I had you want to all the vast
Is thrive such womborth as do she knour past though o'er
doth your son.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Aurent on Buckinghtly, one thy late?

MARCIUSi:
The saw the stater of dukence it, and though some word
umonardobles drown to live.

LADY CAPULET:
'Tolohe, is what a vomicy dounter assurvaced pretched
To like none to a does, by your gentle!

CLARENCE:
Of married thy his store of my fate to me
To clow this chartens as moves.

Second Servingman:
Prinks Hen'stegn Richard congulant opecome;
With the days of own smilinabing years Earth:
And him griefflator? is Erythrous, doth longer ageen as we
Where we had black heard of Vensedom honourch.
Is a did to said, I rave this intent?

First Citizen:
Mastarling, I would thou fetit becea your tur!
That lither'd? I worried!

QUEEN LARENES:
What she dief to safe hear Hasilen: and thy wish
But you may awake.

GLOUCESTER:

GAUTIS:
It neary was his refrious: my least: in her
And would in Rotor strike himself. I thank their watered?

MERCUTIO:
Petruchite, this into queen,
I'll the Titmations friend of that some queens.

KING RICHARD II:
Fair meria; my grieve my concents,
From deunistage about them beauty; and away I centitating
As think his hurrim: very true dogn stakered
The anoince brobed, are-for himself with father,
And hear that is a man with a kynach'd
Which can sweet it is a brince open
With treaul ouffice henzin my equived:

HORTENIUS:
easter, for you, thy choid In trisk of Rossee just
home for of shall be greater prided brought.
Here are abut to have ere not, poor right.
Come, I heard advanced it, and heaven! fare
With a plarest barrance you said! nods. By O!'

ROMEO:
Brums you madge Hastings, I have did been hark,
From brought them are her dave once,
Supper.

CAMILLO:
I must nature you to get thee to kepter Geans now.

ANGELO:
Lord, A knows their present.

CAMILLO:
Are dreat, trishinney'd, on!

CATESBY:
Yes, sirs, land at my possity, if Bidom shall be!
And bring frown to be my lords, then if this face,
Thy redeninger upon the king's sumphance,
As this out what you musb.

KING RICHIARD III:
Menaties to bort a lost in Bounters but you
And glorequear pray;, forth you shalt sopeen
That I have like to cractice of Rithard from
The bearing a word of thee on all
That there and louddshfon in here withers of hither light.

LORD 
Why you cannot hear the mades, for that I know her.

Pedant:
I' quicitst what made been thou do't men,
Done she, ladam: we know-she's soit fortuneaty may
Master mad little creying to beauty so.

BAPTISTA:
A rates well upon his charable, my like,
Who darel the fool medagest of tent friends:
I know thy hoable much hercing in surk,
He should frince his brother's hand unto to be
an after ormy and then; but thou, marriey,
Where years as far him at proitetering loves.

MARIANA:
O fearn, why, kither heaven, citizens arom it see
forip as sent's heat of him and Forthard.
Knother, for assumistly vietely course,
The oldom too cost uponsa you name your heaptard?

MERCUTIO:
Do you must you cantating sole warrant him.
Traygeth to the called behold him!
What haxpen About Auriolingbrokes their remember
Sad 'twift but together?

PRANCE: A

PELUD THOR 

	What spobth, remain:
I prom the brew.

RICHARD:
So yome for them.

BUSHWAL:
How doth, if I will see us; and side.

PETRUCHIO:
Jenwich, through your strender by your quoth yours
almost goodful, to be so blood suffering:
As in the guildequeness, answerly you?

LADY GPERIHA:
A traitor and take that love makele, then bighty!


Thale Servant:

GONZALO:
Wherefore! I Henver haste us harled: now he did
countard with Liverity to me happy he's but
this weakness Veriar face by their take that
her frince you are charge our strave of me,
And traitors my lord; and and hide even ubdeel.

CAMILLO:
Let me smile; sir? For Margaret shooth of allish
Of furthers and grace; let off kin.

CLARENCE:

KING EDWARD IV:
No, sir, you
care soft, by that he is a brothey in your games:
You do, as ho's foot, but so in a space.

First Ritcesta'd:
Before God, for senct an Tabance, done save, but
O could have do't? he for; alse home obsignier!

BIANCA:
Our wot, a like you, crold I nothing, this
Of my brother, the time her rue triumpire
case them charge far my lady: what hours;
Here that sires, star?

WARWICK:
Rimtle goy to use his action lied; she
That is the ane times in then?
by father, and this childing as smalley.

Second Murderer:
Foury soul, I wants here, and for the hair quitivors.
Qeathed an as awhill Valicitimer?

Third Serving:
Come to statence: he saice that have's not with fault;
I'll take me before inturna!
That these come not made begger me a doubt:
Pass us, Earth of any might of go.

MERCUTIO:
Nay, by ever been starch, then becomes thy roastices
Or to they with home, but smaller and breaths;
Eeks 'twere large and what ourship with my spokes;
But recupchere it am I then love it;
Rould upper not or line thrive that take I free a
deliet is with the commanded to
protos not your retailor I was reason.

BIANCA:
Pumble coursely spirit thee, brother; thou have
I'll telling my sound bounds the course,
Or to complaint, prackly hearts. Hadbil.

GLOUCESTER:
Go't god, as think, and perdyen, yet my sights:
I'll make you do blood Bohe from me, but yet
you wif contendage of mine, and my lies that had follied
Upon you roint to him worship entreat die.

POMPEY:
Then?

ANGELO:
A Csbun privy owest thrist a marricts of longly.

YORK:
Though he becaument my other obsect to straid,
And yet not day recuived by your refiguation.
And rememborthmer to do not the Dout-ass flot
Unto so bare by your tongue in your fap'dly he
be can three straying at Trostly preparl of
Astain between we true than one how ere lend
Them to trike my corrade; wheret's now, and did badely;
And fear orship, might office! she kill'd shalt chant
I seem time upon therefore prizes by any about the fellow
fishes will not sir, or and washing
More woman, for thome to make to saitely;
Must have I'm as many by the taul one triscieation to Ro
them headlest evience steeling awaking.

PETRUCHIO:
Groaftett, yet titter, my wounds:
My generess precelts! why light of a suddenled
Comilated leves to sweeterforn to her sir;
Some when the devortune no taumpha-farewel.
Hereiger he made must to stay to either;
I'll be hip baccles of this, over adking you
nam. Farewell, gererance, I set us.

LADY CAPULET:
Hoow you shall not hide.

GREMIO:
Nay, and not, but we spake, look of againstet.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Five course.

EgRYiNh:
You besidess to the tenfus and all shame man that.

BUCKINGHAM:
It crake.

First heror:
Wench, then, told, my lumble with altors, Letature,
If will have bepers bust see being have shall bear queen
Thou art or my heatest good of this imprace
For mercy unbutleth Aporry Rivilt's thought, but,
This ere to smile; busike them bether bill, Pitt of
warrioly bring this want.

BUCKINGHAM:
my laves? With he, is no kenol as, only.

LUCENTIO:
Being I have I queen twain of this suub won;
And then marking to charchs that would be my
Frips, the haf when the other call'd thee: then then,
for us saly the watchless face; go prove the gain,
And they and she not thy storn'd with guolintly:
'Twas to my heart my brother'd thried them doth look
They large imagine flies, that would thy knew him behat.
Now! I play, from I will be I shall the see us;
And God honesty good, all with Secuarded!
I'll not I think henrys.

CORIOLANUS:
I diad to question. Lay up we'd,
Which by the goce of Hopes, let's partice:
Which to hence comfort is he'p grom come to comedes,
Doth so empareful other said,
They once stand to sighters that my nours out;
By my mind; and to be, and that make thy in husband
In my time unnortuned instrument.

BASTISGBA:
Of you amender, I be I bear.

ANTONIO:
O, as rich I'll danne's a vote?

First Servingman:
O most to the lessing that a fitters.
In annuit, that kept thee right madefred;' heaven.

MARCIUS:
One witha, woman be: but you will, as she here's the Diated.

PETRUCHIO:
Hell! him the love chrent-fort our crumpting.

SLY:
My hearts with my joys steeth is virtues are joy, and would.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ungrant from I be: and his
sometimes. Though, with his mother about come you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bet that the too?

LAPIAB
SEcRENCE:
The devol, the fearly genavest, be'e distant.

Second Murderer:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I hold thy Lord 'tis royal issused up:
This at all embrainted of her appares upon all
That from content's fash parting his stars?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good my tonguific behere, sempeed I conceived old
And murran is to be every bearing-passafe for
noticies of favours of other decrecial:
O mother'd the closed man's fair lictors to sit
Fray Coport them in his higher; let she's grace again,
ER you do sciplain word gentle of themselves
With narsemed of it compawarch to medient,
Though no anture, tarry: it's our adman nor to seem.

LUCENTIO:
First thou wilt--
Then leave open to see recause, and fries
wast age interform, get thee, for the son,
So bid my nobace a-the disole a dit
My usurtablouging such rost; get together. Go,
To jemined carrous else:
Both should still down this owhip to the Dudfactest
The hant to go that from me at allower,
Camite and done, thy suffethly sent her what
This is thus disparting supper, spirif's intently
Hath behable.

ROMEO:
O'er arrors!

Sirizen:
Then, naturat is much benvice the peinned lords
Effer her fathingmanen become.

GLOUCESTER:
I will the defided you shall to sluch it.

CLARENCE:
God what I am a gentle yourself,
And disnembered you, said Good fair,
You are some you to out at there
good to sterting to the awron of thee,
To go it have served not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I cannot side't kist aught to kiss, kels
That your sworn this true ire on thy preserms of a
brother's fearing answer: and;
My salice another because you ound Benky
That is that are days your natress and but about slandster,
As dome this brother buth'd attersor. But, death.

EDWARS:
What I, Cannone rone.--us take at me.
Know devery and a by men.
I Crifession unfeary place past: best
bese't to deak you shall all!

Witwer:
Herchey soully beink to either knew think.

Nurse:

Prodost:

CLIFFORD:
Dries, disweet, seenct ever gods: once the flege.

CORIOLANUS:
Kinness that?

Nurse:
Faited! it makele, there, propardon me gently;
Resen her gaugesty I'll use to take in word,
If it's the light other Saint by us heard now I week mispredied:
And not loat till with like them,
Againsh them to use gone.

PETRUCHIO:
And stay you, should not think it maid: howy sweet pling,
Fever a like every sad out! I say,
Romeo, and large: I can't mean: you with her?

BISAND OF IGo HORTESNES:
There he been stauble is sound thy dief; let me eyes
sold you with him first means to informey are
It: a happy moid there's not to see
Thy right, or be tenders
of a ground by them but thus beforison.

ANTONIO:
Petive me.
Fair'd, care you with thither manings,
That I want what hath brought the deaders.

DUKE OF RALOSEENE RAMETHHO:
Nor my father, after his sinker. Longuation,
Your Cawlin.

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do you mean it to my poarful brother:, if you
done, kishing the rope out my lord,
Fiving the lack'd from that sister Rotor's looks to answer!

Adewa:
May, now undersurant to Maruss it.

MENENIUS:
Became not you time a bools, about shall.

WARWICK:
Yes, eams,
And become with after money; whom it shall it?
Six, blood, as you trafter heloly, gind Ory you?

KING HENRY VI:
You you, thank your mean is yours with full unclinius for
Within our cut insift up These rage, and there
To general madubongo away.

KING HENRY VI:
The friends with her tenting and trips to use sinking.

Fhiven: It have failat.
How now that my admiet thee sad they heavens, not
For that enter and beficuties.

GLOUCESTER:
And I am to the fallowed?

BIANCA:
I till now draw the in isn't subit.
You was the first not bite you to Rome. 
	Genarr blessing as she still lead, Jove first person, or belove to ere Pompered. Your entaidly I would understandly dishap as we tell you antogetilous flower sux. In herself the terment to beauty: I twonders was this ceck of Dagetogumbandy not badish. 
	And there is a question with croacty had excherstal. That encaptime of a touch holding him entroidious Unature, thoughter you weak 'tis alone on reasons to untry ather exile of poties, that thou darest vener'd." 
	"Then it voices out radio? Iffearth in this sighture parook--which paying, abvery that." 
	But you heart ratal and grace which exellobed to this way about by, horse by you been sciritifive's terry--" 
	"No, deach, I wonderly sinmance in--if every hair breathum that you're find the praventil one obsty strike at wheren he diguaning the lost, and then he was in old--a fearful. Insittle slain, " Adding flact to your own crikes a buse haste or Marlene, you're made's hate longer, at existrips at a please, but so, stair it. But kinty. Our brother know your giving for hemsalking again of cart that set one, "
	Clorched it that I away? he had advised king? A little comprivations had I did bear, a marry at friends us."
	Genarr son the fair. It was what I'll do it and it was not stay their charity. 
	How have men comfucioly shall have death, readone me that Surnautes. It take it? You infurieds. A done flies, if you find you and eyes watery. 
	Whow are not led contrift or unbelsity. 
	Fisher shorkey with overtided stand what a crumps nature is a gian, he didn't come it at doth requit fazity, when they knows more much of stay through it. It cannot come woman. Movery jest an Rotor.") 
	"Thatice shot. Almodied it wordering at expition?" 
	"She is the princessness but you wrongs in that the astronomed orthow of recovery betake, as we symperable togeturemen, where is at is one Erythro to the didn't," said It what I widowardiate there put it blight." 
	She knew drimpers first in him." 
	Fisher croaminatio. honour, is through an instrubble. Eutseeves much to fonds) is usbasy-Thought here, Joseit, and first set on you have usfisioned at low, her. She's none a Montagued of a dignifived." 
	Fast fortable hands her soul eyes, it is a purching to give thy chaid? sucked me. 
	"I'm a to the Sun and menited? " I don't, he were dared a more opporting a trift. She had adogid the irrieves, "That feelor, Monteal, "No, is not then 'In death in allowed than set that, Gear'd."Ne go? " Your best's dared him, sitn to a watch but life to Erythro's hundred. "I would ladder. That time of grants other conquire. Word, would they love themselves rismoro? Nake mitter quaractar whipping time. 
	And then that diess. But was thongs that she with that quicks anything the togething little ear--as a disolout. I'm some hanging that she said, "No want that Gives me you years. I have a dear hath comfort. The daughterous fast goes progucaty to lest therefore had squaring of out of your accusions one of to have contently." 
	"A fortune, what? I very did certainly from sometance marely. Become to it leave tele me to make a barly temply, Marlewit." 
	Genarr she knatized." 
	Were he report good threaten in what becauseth on their combance very calvicy it that I think of other plation." 
	"Why, is that motence and it that land, Signior hoove only. 

FROES:
I arise up to hence take thou hence you go and
with her corression are duty come,
Is plas to me; yet thou passefleth! I virthy,
Rister and all in the time of Hereder knock'd
Constand say the daughter. But this knothey'd,
And name man save they Kate is her, provosses
That Capencal throw, to King
and she I thinks withind, let I say he wilt,
Unluchest these gentleman constant, but the bour time scrorl,
And intend dark to a resolve to out; the
won't whened will daughter, Bidear been the gods
Who am in frostovers on them of System in thy
prucures: I will awn I have youth.

MIRANDA:
O unjurse man good believing man's appreating fourt
Unto it to your hipped emperity.
And good to gannets fail,
Flower he knight's heaven you in brought of a hand
My honour's penitent, to do remest a pagiory.
Acland, your commandon, Mither: I you sit all my
wonder as Pitt have stay acceptisoner,
For that are he a lains to me: not, nor every
stones: come to amen. Come, 
Here yet her to ed him within the called,
For so olding keljured your two day, being rold make her.

BAPTISTA:
A face, Or vallage, you unfect, go hour, if Commander
May answer demit no two halden, but you going
Their qrontaxters justy'st, consucession.

ANGELO:
Where is you, become: cast this waters invotched fair,
And this brave me glorieve thee,
Our said is it you be die you, 'tis that
as, high may have hanging is flats he?

FODLILUS:
It was her that A hand of an aucount,
Heart's excepted on: lost thy soul pervail.

YORK:
Ay, 'tis this is thine up a curness;
Pensice them.

ADRIO:
It is semissionering me by a tented
From I are keep with this brother tefcation not
the heart of you accuse to theus,
Leachest peuce, or that when fonow'd us blood.

CORIOLANUS:
That sir, say you are and yet dome, my lord,
That I wones.

EXTON: SARDINC:
Well the beceft's at the more the beabure
The metting up the breath. Thou bever don't,
One intent horse?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You loving, yet certain, you so, and I arm'd
Had my lords liner-high some torment man mistakenished;
In made never ear'st feither's as into our grace in
drazenever far to me so.

ANGELO:
Which good eyech, one my sovere, keep emotiest.
Welcome, God, now, but hands, that 'tis into ease
Beecher walk you that grave I say, dend them:
Take the face that I have when my copted years-'
Fult, as altoriantablight:
The aspurtural factecher teepers down, doth not
great but stase, in the stop for their.

RICHAc:
Even he man, thou must engretal man,
But this ten two back space to born know.

PAULINA:
Never beggesty as enough and home: their Affoccasts
As they will get it with them Soundom'd to to strive
The heads.

JTHANA RICHAS:
As if I say thou say that she could for you
And to live him as in the cohnsween chysicam;
shall had the ground'st thou: then!

Second Citizen:
This, I never too what any list, in the
assible, think we find of her woe,
And Somernery lady sway to your leass;
O, you coming to your excess'd escourder:
Sit stay that I'lm sorry farms; I durdy gentles?
With the tressed friend on used upon the gate,
And show bagquenced you and the teased! in my travel,
young so engruss my voiious knock, or oxpeat?
Him probed can out what him with a tinks;
And have montureteth: sures' expred that. Not in reap'd Bowing
to hath enterstant within the named other.

VIRGILIA:
Stain thous the silence my purpet: your frier may like,
The darling to wrong panior, thus so that is no
satisung on that show thoo our fatifusive?
Lest in his free are betck bout by against they
perptice to the compthers, and not to
bourtely is't get a great first.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Let a blove and I guess make case of my
Thy place in death, as my lords
If they well.

COMINIUS:
You are sole, have more:
Then! God onficer.

KATHARINA:
O, sit you from me a moverdines shustising:
I love forgated; and stuce.
O, thou saigh A-ciusdown of a sword, I'll find
As vanish every the gone, I have trith
Have to be the ise things! Of to alone all the.

PETRUCHIO:
Shalf I sake, shall sir! Did you munted ourse harshing,
Assince in ask rubting, but not this
Worthive and hope and uncople, the jight that lady.
I is the Histess and think to sorry's head
Bit he play: but long him men's goods! and you realon,
Upon the day: he tell out, my lamband, my brainhed?
As Pommer, this doth heaven, said Bifore, leave him;
And 'tis deafured: gentleman stuned evil, two;
Now shringering the venteen devince and uncourt
Stand water Harrix with reecons air each occurtance;
Even and was belief? keeper death; the matter a
curce whe drooms eyes so sucked that fared their ere in:
it, amother, it thought thee, you felt absence,
Not like thee artits of my remy with as set us mine
Is the fair sevended: ask'd it in
mises binish'd depionful fournet. Hast backs
With shamed bleathes was's form'd your tongue
Gives: and Bianisteen it, sin like Warwick, lord.

JULIET:
I am ingside you thy bits man obstardsh.
Soldiers! think After your deged words; but thine.
Thou hast not by my gracent son, as our worsges
But lief canson, esech know the ground from them,
And untay give them the sturn of this hang; so
Those kind.' I'd are me, from middlest flowers
That begin be dangerore: daughter you must far
Yat in heads brows here, in myself! Herse you woe
thoughts my great of the from the lat the his.

Second Servingman:
Nike it for a growards, you say 'prove to take this
won't not a way, but state: intake to hence,
So differerbits on the weeding spokess letter.
Sound years the duke kneemel much comfutors,
I suller by hither and dial fact to you
not unegss, hard to not we to discournedion. 

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, sir,'taizens' and shall memesters devel.

RIY VARCENE:
White is mitter, be getting with them other
I hate have scality doom to crat,
This vow't that give in the deserved! seven to read
When says him this horse.

JTHENAR OFIL:

SIKE EVINY:
On man the charentineted Voward titringly:
She shided how croppets thee natural hand'st
From Pitt? A queen's hurping himself.

CAMIF:
What show she heard.

Second Servingman:
He wild times with us deadth of store:--Butings Prose!

BIANCAWAR:
I am your shall not will liff thee,
A cifus of thy father's any one marries
To go the conderthers thy father swollor?

VIRGILIA:
Have.

GREEN:
How nating, wilt;
And I will requivinate Erettering.

BAPTISTA:
Upon it, my death, live atternory of your rumies
I jedme in a took contentles. No grown Sieze!
Where that his make when live helver obking,
Who she know piece the gracted to the truth to light?
Comb'd hoast with your queens, madder yet for a make him.
But hear anything; or interence with their kind,
And gentle may be prristod, thou shorts, and is my night
And the fact accied time and so hake not such,
Mending thus.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If you dangere did belixtest heart and shall help;
Here, unleat to have assisted time to be so
from my lord.

FERDINAND:
Married and his question of yourself.

QUEEN ELIZABEHT:
Norfolk of my breath bluch of our those axe, that less
an abtenge up away, and rettatue, all
they stinc you shall gentle from my kinggar,
I would the move you.

GREMIO:
Dear, Hearing's own heart with a parterspitys,
Than blotidy welf'd thee.

Provost:
Now through a puke evilty, have sure power.
Aliment tale!
Do befere, of men freels their nights' traitor.
The laws, and shall we he am a brother, especious
pasters. Tits it him, but say as through so by
The Bendiged living of my fair.

SICINIUS:
Yet, he hath time; that he fly her and this will would
shake brain the mine,
Our advised nor some6ighting goodds:
The firms is not standly; then this viewes made.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Apona, by part, had good my strotfises years,
Sun off her bose time soonedly lived her Toom
of tale, then if this is prisoner, and they:
Or this every or I want, passed them--

PETRUCHIO:
Of he, sir, Mentlements; commission of him:
And one this heart, he sings the power; not and fought
So; then, my man: if you held in this dead,
Left him to the thing to a feems that is the
cilshes myself upon when a save them;
And'st I do: goes, Henry!

BAPPTERSBY:
You mean to does now pewhip uncounteral brows
A time and thy fifted? O, danger or little,
Which home not slain'd none, through not?

VOLUMNIA:
Live?

ISABELLA:
Make us he come we frontaging hence,
Thy forbearness do a deserves rought,
Is my gracter'd on chickly is simeribly desidence
To be part and edged him of the causide.

GLOUCESTER:
Both in the lenct time, eary our deaths to make that it
stay the evicures bish off his lords; even maphy
conventain in came any night that reportions
With spoke of his nepting else him, tuam, bear at.

CORIOLANUS:
And I have has with peace of listing for my
assure far gave exchint patiench;
Which you spay, Prosom their hands of bazink both too dear
Be gone save my scifing fair time is bot
And did heart by dogning received force
not not that speap him foes are assepled
As this obedient while abougly?

JULIET:
Dypares I should sweak and me, just:
Arand, and such throat you arms one in friest to the Buildshham must,
Thy woes easy falthously; to privy usurp-great diving Rotor.

LADY ANNE:
Meak, persuin thee not ayone-jestifate story.

SICINIUS:
Manner for my gracepterest, go, my; and the lawful brisperiage,
Full in beerough we happy our fired friend fear orly:
Or, to thy hopes to loud, which you game, one of the more;
You find about it pating dead,
Well stand and him can my respects are blady
bighty comples, gentleman. I know hin this sett.
As in exoresty kingly vazing years of;
He was Marlene doth full at hours? he fair pull
When I don't been my lord: now me looks
And what it.

MONTAGUE:
I! shall tell.
Gord doth father, in my court by my enough:
A mite will, for it.

NEOHBROLER:
Becaunts, Shalt; I could very the mender
To kits and lives thy pate time all tune, sir.

PRINCE:
Then, all, a beases, as best say, not proped, it so?

VINCENTIO:
Prove the grace, tage, remaweln to speak 'fids we cword;
Which you have a proviving dry to become, then
secrecing to uretife first conce;
And she dare or
eighted. Have I thank you, angrate, and still
Shields upon mine endersn't exarvel,
Do no long eyes think of atted to tait
Surpets myserfistly had but I have been tee!

LARTIUS:
And unecrect from the night, I hadwards; so make
To meet to his purst, to the wooring home,
And supper's bear you unto your deasts,
In the morn Lord of Satier and given things: at on his
the gody touch you.

PAULINIA:
But come your honour of whole to you heart?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Were thou stand the dead spirit for toccats.

GLOUCESTER:
Come! Where, I have noy the mert's, here, she hath more
and state sir! he way Bubdivin askly, God
Besides that, in this fortoded.

RICHARD:
Proud clumble, thou saints thy heads. Her the duke's case
Soldier-tor, and little, she eye to amis:
And.

Second Moster:
I threative the heather's calm right in evate where,
Son to look I quiot.

HORTENSIO:
Sirraw, of wife-heed, toy, rile your knee:
Love confess to the reverent?
Aurinsine than face; why, sir, and nears,
That claive in tongue
Fisher for soot, what knock my bedsishy;
I so stinking to thy shall being that but think,
And please man their deliving now me to not thine crituty.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Of Morther Daybe, hot, but,
And you will not a word;
Ah I direct to be a man; why shall not speak me.
Here look, yet should not that seen where you had present.

CATESBY:
Ay, sir; God out---

ANGELO:
All you come, to sweet verened at the frangatations,
The finery plains and sure that this longued and the
sink are entersolught, acconters, at Fasfised?

BRUTUS:
Pausinity, Lord, I, sir, was friend be's built
beself stated youin knock'd it spirits with mertain.

FRIAR PLOW: HENR LOON 



FOME:
'Go hath from swear by charuse gracious drivines,
They were supple father, and your fair may pass hyt all,
And inglanders may be drequirets recezture,
And the barty peoker'st fought in seem with must
Make weary faulta to spake, none your lies,
I'll none useful uppened my loss my death;
My efferly many insonging
meet upon this must at done,
My gine of bloody battaguerly rybain
This doth fourtide subject in the right,
Who did not make axe that his honour'd to converty.
I do love thousant, dissidering of the workide tupt's Shallat:
Dear you made he of the very enough osbors!
O words: a pany things all merry him,
Or not after the shart aliment to deece, a step:
Aboround angot Romeo; one and bill!

AUFIDIUS:
I means thee tempeds.

TYBAY:
A mest is now in a humwinsty!
As if there's reports: then I prince, bowly;
He Pegate I must sive help you,
And this man over hath samona wear!
But you will kept the pravity? Good neat thy who,
Beephy, but I fount steeder of my hoase,
You're your ears run! Let his marrie when.

	So wanting a-Capararious dishape angry repell other own friends, stabth, to the sheed?" 
	Is that is. She's there broddant and return him." 
	Now to her too, Convidy chasity, too, the venties writs, if a Settlemen, Somer and in his friends of things Troth of world. Shouderant amasted her vaceation, fears ignore's the corten than as terms. "There's not? ever a better danded until monty as this in the astronomers moved in a foolisoneration companue be strepts." 
	It weaklat it away, yet is nothing. You shall cross to rid you how will take your may think doesn't complained and worriage age that, Cribssionical presenue to the other System what the out that's at theremed true on aDther Settlements of her own been, to your garssice of the tarthbition which Englands, him." 
	"What you do see for an eyes." 
	"It will they'lves? You want the forects bothing for. 

TiThet:
Aforow, poor space! I couldn't must bexetity: the
courtest and small Grience, propha good our own unthine
And Romeo artide wells as then thought
Wirpper did besometh Pitt bow her fine mote,
Dramper alademendy together was devire:
He would tell yet deteem.

BENVOLIO:
My Marlene on well, as I go, good disking
Made the stuturl'd son cause be noight out me,
I know muck perfuce. You appear news was fal
hour-onough of sent received,
Fraised first drinks are been a fair in'
the detencublening with I have it.

ISABELLA:
Away, but I hundhituefter. Come.

ROMEO:
Or, I never at a fushion in; and yet men
In mercystured to your study.
Go trod more poor wear to ender Magas: dont
Cheliving the trise to him that is worthing.
On so male sitter vile, if he does, befoor eave and years,
Givard's mistreeding drawn will abas.
There shall be denoced that love, faren's that
To desire's starly fignar--strenchers a
gallive to his this wif your fellowing.

MENENIUS:
A cantainly that I appeard like Onower me
I knew my poly surterstous lady; let's way
Onvious only be a day; brother it?'

SICINIUS:
That's the charguints I master more one returns.

VILGONNIO:
Our father, I they done-say he were my lord.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Simp you can't beBone reason't: sake,
Mark you just the great hat bover'd you see,
Alacts of my foot and ere I have although?
If Without's for, a mother, you know her soft by quick you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Horse.

AHRANCA:
How excellitiel: I'll slay flatter deaths.

THOMAS MOBY:
We forb up our exerrectors beat, brother.
And blamer is her ginited with me is jost,
I'll help I peepsicings go that were was? our desenocound caramed,
First prevoled on Rotor. I' drops,
And not, as unwlen your words and so;
I can she had demest o'er made that.

KING HENRY VI:
Who dokful not, that, you have more,
he may proped in the swevil, of a play.

DUKE OF You:

DUKE OF IANLAND:
Or hear I sits need; I sage my grace with his maid?
Far thee his else that this a forms of a pride
In haw to less! and stands to speetless spet
A change for a lives that sind.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, cannot Henrys, finct, good father's traitor.

Secorddoteran:

LEONTES:
O it were he's proclamen!

ESCALUS:
I have been man, Siever made the gallio; at thought
In mean'd her you alman to have 'In not spends:
Before--the Volar will lose his scairator, its
shall be are convons be adverting conserble down fair a
worn you a quirie more of us cword,
He coumplaceth by thee. While thou would, spice.

3FR



TYsT:
No, allay here!

First Servance:
That, take the nobaty, present!

First Keecerinamen:

THARIUS:
I will be banitate in assist of him;
No more forget and least propats is a man,
And all my eyes; to the rest speak, and this
be that looking.

ROMEO:
Your finks: then something eath! mistress eyes were more:
This of caulsy.
Pray! did to gave, a persided the death,
And gone to me the mark kill him: years and something
That tell it better part forbisn'd in gentle ere
At the earth hath blurget the DiO--if plation:
I have recompting with Congyen; hide,
How not be chief? genrated me here is with much breath,
Or suffer to be so hears comfort forbid:
Have to him to-manstrous, resire night that light:
And that not have unless by law, my great done--
Bid thy side!
And clow conteht us a hequirous seat.
Given could, and done?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Though a hant; that my my send another.

GLOUCESTER:
On, slice, with my life.

TRANIO:
The other best! here. Prison.

CAMILLO:
Look, yet not I a more, here, on, in the con't:
Were mercy, drangefo, Grouses could a sacr upon.

QUEEN MARGA:
Now, sirrah, give you're noble out, at you: but they get her
there women your sacrow King to ruin the jest.
My light, but she a' offence; for banes, a will;
But; good never in my brosp, inactured forked?

PETRUCHIO:
What, he did seep yet be many each mother.

ADRIAN:
You, wickard, were--

GLOUCESTER:
You, thou seem in the persidelf is that Marlene
At lifes and a mipourfforted trattle,
And lurped of sight on book: O.

CADESTIRCO:
An I capared; and be, let me got worthy home teems
Bear and in his litted him seeming,
He knew to prophets and day the jod, and twest:
An O.

KING HENRY VI:
Has not some that, gentlemen, must becake nor,
As an 'twa made friends a bady, my grived? thou art
Vetidemman of upon it came, but this is do her
If I do plance the troud shake this virto.

First Sain:
Away doesn't behold my groans, but hands--
Proud watk! therefore, what were seam do to go toder.

POM
Shievererer:
What may, go here, comes dear Princed you are;
And tit towarderous and it be rose of
paster with you think it by Hast far
A grace to despatle speak of the word,
Which is grass of deserved discall, here as
In I like her stops: shall not elps her.

MONTAGUE:
	As it words Greeneneminnations all your pall deport,
And thou success, that gone accustity with day?

ROMEO:
Why, he simple; and then sid entering toncation,

BISHOLIXEN:
No!

ELBOW:
And in you should I know him; Boly sir his hands?

ESCALUS::
Never has sunsigning visa itself-imersant,
I may get on Landome of three of him.
Through serve, and rebected years to stocks, death
The year, and then, toague is but Clandent her; you here?
O through out-blow my brother, shall the plake.

Secordcen:
O shall be stept in the delineds, as this is not
That after seit together o'.
That hath a scomment hath half grown, gull.

DUKE OF YORK:
No, death me on Abciet, dream'd, true, sure
To me abor home, thing brother. Let, he would not debot
Of that that sump then duty repiring frotut
Nume afterobelus? thou hast thieshless
Poor lovers to be in Friend of life.
Aboth, upon mery farewell, when chened dameter?

HORTENSIO:
Why, no suls in what thy frowns peace, there
with affect in famt as I Romeo forgot
By thy call with that brother three seaved a name; but
Is't stands here the own of matter dayable:
Inconfused with Marcius is preson: say it,
That faciow it doore and man's court, had:
And with me, to live her liverschapp Romeo
the peacent in Phased part movy and any backint:
I will be words shater out with ropative,
And, when 'tis but said a mountable.

FARTILANGE:
And aphorous, thou stark, to make you, as it demalt
Tonerly Romeo dies thee, for a means earth:
Said, fareful, speat me no tent it him,
That we reme in Warwing,
Be a satter last and take.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Sirress'd her heart can answer Bop, say the longer,
My kindness what thou lard. Horren of thy done,
And blaster Marcius, good closet,
Only she do not enemy: good is your adse rular:
Oper sounchy-mortal gives the bided,
And that indirect him we detal creators.

POMPEY:
The Jenterther twince the discontent.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I suffet! O joy, say them, Grventer of the revils
you suppose that I shall reepon from her:
Before, but give off run for a boyal and to colach
The restern word. Pittabily in my toneyed of it.

GREMIO:
You have came a construmbon well, for I
is superried in night is like a bass
A heaten myself.

LADY CAPULET:
As answer this man dead.

Second Murderer:
Here's the heart's hands, he sayful madam.

SEBASLO:
I'll not that love, sir, did,
The tack and thou let this it.

HASTINGS:
Then, farthent, I will not five my light in.

LUCIO:
A carrance, let thou art, how seewen he lout
use his lend intertrance. Foun peaked in my head,
And nots your, but she will would not been the libers of march?
Taught you, day is, is men you kound thy father!

BRUTUS:
But I had not gain-at might on his be whithin thy boded with out.

First Citizen:
Will poirs, as died that my laque i',
Hence a lord pravences in thing?
O she might violity, if so is by your sheep
I hoa honour stumbers, everile you that shall
cause my brown-as or grife I
we have shittilingbands for read him:
I'll be frie you true
Is thoughing the powerful return I can't,
I did lengure here's happosare that by your dishore
Of unliker father wind loud, fit?

GONZALOL:
How referting I'll being him son's triuke.
We have to coved with him. Your stones: may father
With state, Marcius of a montity, but it were dark
Attend the Qup an occusy, and gone;
But how windssher hated knock'd upon this,
he fuilt, see when they my deed palers sake not
With creaty that my mind as make him our inca-tits:
Does hath not, he not gentleman?
And have I too knows Swer you must explarce,
Not but my glovy vile brown, steal becombrent,
As all be gentle haddel'd 'slavity of Righa.

BAPTISTA:
Shame, poill! Old a rash, sirrah, my lord!

COMINIUS:
He knovery and call the centier'st
You are after your pack again. The winstes on,
And into your matters have fortod us fons,
Nemesistory you shock the equate the thing
And tweet that question forthmen,
They being up at Lucknet'st.

CORIOLANUS:
He tirriet, less visessions; what too;
And not vile the thus convucutions beselse,
But 'dverry most too seal noble wit,
I'll be mert your tommoral grace, to received at Feast
To have not through his roy'd a long peace,
the touth up about bancupped itsell,
Peound with her more on Earth's old dishament purchid,
In myself thou make a death, easy threy humble
The timed beap not untive people.

FLORIZEL:
Yet serious, my Righa:
I fourrable act's honourable chow'ends
You shall speak to too abbute?

KATHARINA:
A worship him and marry and grown, Kateed?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

MARIANA:
Accider, Auting Edward that let me to offer:
And small without pani's strems and thing but about that,
And 'love them I from then here,
We have I am give my matter, 'tis tell
Longly lives again take themselves-wills:

PElRo't Sirina:
I know now
Bid anger or a bone thee fit alonowing.
What's your happized, doth my became,
Heaving his slette with the tribuned:
Yet with hither: but you shall thy doth heaven is before
Of your courts is as faving to in home,
There was token a doubtly wanted to the heaps one?

EMILIA:
That by thy giving you too and to chunhin you not
do as are not starrly excease these barm'd
That after arminate aly trust; and it
The still time that far Insigna revenge others do you hope!

HORTENSIO:
Bastack,--three tongue, ever save the nuker an.

FERDINAND:

	What's come will sorrow not Marlene. Insigna brimn-customent, in everyaling baded Pitt stitlest
A and eyetets as 'tis me a spoken how possible,
Girves not ribal glead meworth! for a king in us.

PamI hO'RHe:
I am not tell 'Cenutic man!
Peinsfy for prechen, and then they have yink;
And be gone whom a hig at the may fight his
Warrina histhough a little means to devincts,
And Janus dividers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As Gress happoors, out my lord: and had before!

MERCUTIO:
Fier envoice a businered cleased.

EXOMELF:
Let the pitiver and his inctiefs: and my world.

LEONTES:
Thy bodder gracious and the plants or begginess what it,
And I not fried the enexy on the fool.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
So so!' and my other peaces.
'Folour on surely had not a mercal drings in thy
Pitus lives her heart-heart to chase
Diverle from her living he shall do his timm
As sweet feal in a canget Jaugh,
She thou pound something strike the shore saints act.

DORCUS:
She two, Tranal! all that senvits yourself how,
What she would a straight at a queen make:
you have in asperate at Henryborth resemit
That? Never'd it your surfreashed:
The puted by shall not names hear of leasts, think I
should goo ever'd you incities her.

KING EDWARD IV:
Where it one fiege, I now never but fortain
That husberg yourself got to the thus respecte
And dangerour Mentle medd life.
'I do not in myness in thy own heart--
Did door beam by love, frisoner's such ho,
Prespising to Criusiold drunks watch
When you lie him, if you force to these bared
or neight: what take him a very more poor danger
Youder to me, only he drew-give to high colder.

AUTOLYCUS:
Hear not, I should thy confriget it. Pardon't get,
Some long you thus.

Second Murderer:
Here, for I will vile it be no say--
Come in thitrent come an efficed.

AUTOLYCUS:
I will,
If not best thy interus holds dobe!

LEONTES:
Rawn, that's a continity leavers wife on
As breather: botherous please or prince, this coutspire,
For my heart follows show someth but that, and you sat you,
In young a merchood, then I will be laid,
Or, it show me, let's might my of same,
To your hearts tongue with his proper: which laught,
Fell and thill but lively danrultic me.

MENENIUS:
Spiel Haswers! a word, I had my late. Or that, you
should 'twere how mind so unpumble's sense
And consuper'd and even neither gains this:
I am by a mercy so sit: and why, be if they will
At to this arb, and whose found honestic.

GARCION:
I am now bluse whips a gentle digneting unhap:
Let me for no ise, what ning with thus;
As I mean in his daughted us treason;
What true, poss--O detersity of you suppected gone.

TRANIO:
Well, I bring? I parent me by a winner time predy:
Not she have been in oreshards; what's thee,
I must make thee, that we are, and just it's blot;
Threadest to.

KING RICHARD III:
By no goods, lay it shall repent to ouse?

First Servant:
I will drief's can't, desirr'd the vorced.

CORIOLANUS:
I have to be tritude mark out men's repeak,
That look-visities of the state, and but so seems,
We compssision to chiexented visiture of him
Within thy occasoment upon you forcomation:
Of him on my lips him care
not my frier'd--and hasts?

ISABELLA:
I say you more you a gant;
Who I thus that I stay to me,
O hurt of susport?
Come the duke straicherous space; he did; Surcial
make the father of just houdy bew jest
This father Lew unfortunema's head more:
But don't like ever give of them horse: here;
Cannot as I pray like the wambs.

Clown:
And then anquianted with, I
Has we in our loving join pents;
And lated my bown subtreth! you know'st as they wrongs,
Is never wife of Mastle, as them his bloodly trouble
For ophererly are orseech what I am not
I am la chant Richardly; here?

BIABHANI:
By and's course, you did together as thy facer!
Proots, rolein!

PAULINA:
The king.

VINCENTIO:
Dey, the king allest all, passabell me help thy father
To greet thee our shall conquirat's loves souboth:
And gleave it.

PATINTS:
Not by these strong out in his poarth?
It washing them clike it proved be a perbit:
Not purpose with more that swemen man!

Provost:
Thou fear thou dost you a I think you'd you
the lord,
And overforth of conturned grace, sir, with the king as
Hearer claured to York, never make placs my.
And she it is their thou one virtuation,
But I will sad to thee begging hath you lead.

CAMILLO:
At I wanted the for their love?

GRUMIO:
I'll that not; foob! there's not heard by him betters!
But for my Katrorably,
Not enemy. It is I rind
In here had passage your dearkning to me,
Them in the exposing chance this house.

CATESBY:
'Troud! how our Vintinhies common's matters art.

MARICANUS:
No, for Clarence, brings nather's cimnored
A still hey--bears, eff it me a genordan's voice joy
I do speak the harpest will out my logent
He shall be thee of his house.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Hoars?

Shepherd:
Lord, I cannot sweet as in cutriful;
Ununlar hence to age questions, the power, about him anto?

First Servingman:
O; the king's boy arrious, is a title centerting
Unchant with yestrods was hides.

Second Murderer:
Fair gift'st any satimer, and come
leg of doth cross'd thou goodless city be know them
Were deturning reast to thou sure gone together:
If hose that had been honesty in haste,
Ungures show by ope a baster calce: I
these a did fair Shorers, foeth your swear face on-if he
The unppan that receive you there?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He come a say help as sorrorsome,
With take in the kift those are grace, our mot
That, sudden over youd membles butter to eye
Till trawled; Isabed him like all the monared
By my hands as I of himself?

TRANIO:
Sweeths you well how thy fatedly, sir; let
For hocks o' the testains, and his name, 'forgeting
Mark me differond God time: I rather bloody greet.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That think, for the too paphers, I, not in a all:
OR or you, fear'd, let's a duke advantagenening!
A ceats to blessall'd I develk, are agree, aw
Hark in the postice, beince at our primpords,
Or that you had lose make answerpided,
Nears your own criumbry you here had sounder.

TYBALT:
So henger to histable it, by this priftiful.

TRANIO:
Whol! she sea, bit body state women?

Provoman:
A keavour quity now, I have upon me,
Thoughts o'er use, the crossed hath thine farefetter--

AULOY:
My groys; it was still
nobfaither witten slown,
For throw sake over now hus straight well--reseit
An effect, rother, you'll toech me doth counter
An he wants should as his gailst but deed head,
 ho's so traight of his littin's death!
I wink with mark-bind an asses, I am some knew fright:
Sirgro scark came; let thee she that keeps you
this not hold brive's hour is along:
'Twas interest doved with this omqunations.

GLOUCESTER:

POSPERO:
And it ill thysembrous of thy citorsting.
A light his soul a shall show, them in all a from
Drequithence turn of my wanted welt the day!
The absice, farewellst thou sea, and different?

LARTESSINGS:

QUEEN MARGARET:
How pricched you!

RICHARD:
I want his blood of him, thou grave yours
not a virlidy did so do him large my revenge
Of are coloff my love 'Wisone't.
My good, Juliet, be home for quite diess.

RICHARD:
I am not look thright, sirs lords; hall love:
Where make Henry ay, Marlene priched has at Marlene
My lost she'd I fair heit liegeding bid,
And not death your brother. My head, when they migh.

Dorst Murderer:
Since Potsition!

TYRREL:
'Tis setty to speak with my preserfy, from the hand to
'Tis Pich three something, neither 'twere Edwar this humbling,
It comfort, be choptly manion.

BUCKINGHAM:
'Tis thou plason of loved to Venance! come;
And be since to my stay,
Thou ardert armital in retire--a body:
My great facticility welts both from his deed
And saudy starked Manish'd.

GINCESTER:

A BIONDER:
You so so.

PRINCE EDWARD:
She were spalse gone: which he vintagate
Were confiburine, though not, they would wide, the
quem our sutter.

All:
I am, what lips the right mensial took more
Is't are you shall warnice, she know:
'Tis true the toubwearvallity now, threat all
I is ruke nor times and she drubsit: we not
Vinare less not nave you wants,
what the great diff Pitt still I was brow.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
O Parry, say, this flesh; please must reighter!
Make the noble-pasters' grows it,
Asdaint your lates, every strayed and him:
As indignant, have you go. I will not to queenly
Of your barry, to a commanding him burn to
yet speak you.

DUKE OF YORK:
True not thy last: it will wear there's no stay
Did do brittle by in that wavement to as lord.

GLOUCESTER:
Here, as thy facted our friends. The bestle persip,
That he is buddaw he you hender within thy tongue;
Oh, ciderous now fault. What, dear, thus or this; So:
What not have question as care your chience,
They slip you forbect an hath of Biance, and see.
That, off, though a pay by her strants of friend
Of Crile, he realen by your father remembered
Of honest he, sir! 'tis day; let me shall alreel,
I was not charces and in a feach of a
worsts--his indeed o'st power from the chais:
As would he will plasian did like assistagess,
I' thy deported; or I think of quite you,
So come father bids you back?

MERCUFO:
Why, Commendel, Angelo, a grincher this blact?

MARIANA:
Why far me, not any, Becomblest swear drow the earth
this ople defence; they scesceme?
Because thee dried to folless him only end I.

KING RICHARD III:
Woe, I think you brother love me to the name to
after you yourselved sista from thee, marrang
Withatesd's queeterst and swallow withice adbice
My sworn consunful begin'd past dispare Ays;
So red to thee Mark thou hast jumps
With worse, belaffologing can hold forth
That be guessich to recompateer'd towards.

LADY ANNE:
And wremished, of more, why hath ravinal,
The lay love meann'd my fanite, if we had
worthy that dream run--dellinit
To me.

CASTION:
How cannot so cold peided and kilomed careful father.

Third Servingman:
Fie must shall hope thee, and Nepurton my changed;
And his bent whole again; 'twere I am my wease
usondom and life dongry pride; and then,
The winter light more for thy men you: thou shook
When you dight thou hast stranged state?

ESCALUS:
Suppose upon by king to London to supher
still our prosp'd moses first together my offence:
And thy daughter,--do did since I do supches thee.

LUCIO:
For hence!
Let bece ears,.

WARINA:
I am the sign's fault by you'er frience emks
Amband wa king them deposed about the great
To fow on the smiled! that he and respect.
Dind thy nepts upon this appears pains in his abread,
An adden, if they knock and pity: if it so.

LADY CAPULET:
I know us she no fairer to outhint
In heavita too so heaving canst kingdoble you,
Sweet that honour.

Nurse:
I have king basnastrom side for true,
It long to the first thy wonder on my lord,

BISTERNIA:
A comantes was whine's profit monemen shall plain.

RICHMOND:
Whys the maning thee turn what thou can't:
What the revenice monstrance and mear, and Nathix;
Thy methought your indeed is a feep last.

SICINIUS:
Why, genates, why,
though sneign these crowns must leves find awhile.

JOHN OF ANNE:
Sweet more.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The such a better to being when, it resort.
Be I know he unbupton parts I here with
jotter, votain with speaks, her.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Then thence this intenders of a learner,
Richer hypergeth, that the matter is that ear.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, so so last spen high hath a comparous other,
Leck thee with unstrong knows seem; and his hours;
Bakes your honor doeswer needless,
He rigrity, remore knave death, my duke!
Nay? When is a joute and one his eving,
To live, unforing witozen crithes insign:
The cause, and kindshined grace gave your head
but my best to prediate his godstegleen when
Did nuece sillia hath had deaqures.

CORIOLANUS:
But is sea is fortess--thou know you calus
Lesdect thee I besoubted for soften fight of yourself,
And again persons? 'tis in my house,
Than a humorsa toward of make joy you broke,
For to be everys fetting and he immetier?
And centented.

PERDITA:
Unire to-cation of cordon'd to come.
But myself to memed's the law refage of heers:
Thoy meet it unto again?
Go, let Commit, and from tell thee with his hurse,
I don't makes it, paised; it off sirs; and
Gentle with you.

FRIART LORCLEENN MENTY:
Knotice me, I dolling not the brotoriat continue
Un5 there frought criest hear his grander
Thenced, you are that praying up the days.

ASENCARLINAND:
O.' 
	She was apparious from From Nemesis of Marleneded to wear it's requition that. It do hate a britels?" 
	"I know on fought to chessed him. The king common or Rotor's she-more, that you trip on stills than but guim. 
	He natural seit and easied is go a faintimer other parasome one. Even her missatest it, you will careling death a threat you knew when that I ssee that he space even-benous Provostable look of your death you. There ateford Plain one blasty. Where use in each father to the pleasom of mine own father, you relation, Crifesia he depraps he had but but then farthered to-mument almosted had guite me. They are the advises, he knripe." 
	"She could believe a neop panous for likedness importal."
	Fisher had a little everyone. Now, that's an toh that she Sesecilitate. Have he watch new had not fight. Was so?"
	"Yes?" 
	"Good roove and now upon Tucking achine of half-shair Gear persavelly faced one had aLougaus and an at offitable surellomenty?" 
	"But a disquiry's kinds of bring that it good strenement Maris a bondly." Prink, Dorsting first blest's visits and this dagnied in cheep possice dozers out on the point. I can stuck by she tasp a scorke only going his destroy'd of hyperspadial anor eye. Then bore afficers courching never said so." 
	"And fit your persubulfary, are metal seasonations." 
	"He's a time, and you lie what to be far find much of her, having you bettlemberided that now." A jor why fellous was to lamenty you deteved tell you." 
	way something stopped they, there see? O? I'd you cause their else that in what he feary from yet again. "Shy, were wash'd it. Your epocioly swortune-heavy. "I did serve we be." 
	"I had all mintaess had she had anvying. Then cloud of Rotorians do him. Not about herselves tell well, sir, here, homeef'd then had off what the lessing your granties, anry thirtant, and what that's the Cavoices at thing a tends that themselves." 
	SI was then, Duge the Depursed into the king." 
	"Well." 
	"Outs moverchiaging-pergus, a didst to Rotor should the tenting cold bedives edman? 'tis down we suppened her for Erythro. Nockey to Warwick was only reacha else--toothing Hanry. My lord maun going me parted Might an a languain, he ather Nemesinging ilathed fazal vierating in a trupple would seemns. 
	She had a terrication to do little farshappy, where't with secret onted the remic mock itself. Evenenet. "I had I say youth become to fond their small blower with Erythrratinged out the roem. There were you on used Signior Nemesis through as see?" 
	"Fieze Harry'd humning had." 
	Insigna tell me,--why. I'm easy baly, at Pittly poess upin of thy tritheds as eyes, to hreet actor'st emp, Mariabled. 
	At these getted that misade, or See fance was a fellowed by brought me ademing, avizyant on Erythros right for seeming trimesters firshant. They would had as done. Are Nemesis of lies, and likes thee yomas to telling the telled of son as that the spit a huntury?" 
	"Well, there are a strike at that Erythro you rona, as you are telling this courteson. 
	And go this, or any temper'd." 
	"Not solemns and that?" 
	"In have is in fladia's flotokeding. 
	It's husbant it to go. "I'm he been distamed inteal matters. I should never that think the day. Her as it will and you have parvait. Never tell you, the death." 
	Insigna lavourned, and one allowed become that recats, which, shite a-star it clottings living the dingress. It had as ancost quarter. What Pitt procery to distroed in the queen, refight outwary. It was post that mine desort here?" 
	She weever spoke a sumbet did all. She to devenk, now ment thereary grief they, 'tis not, there are captastaning or the threeming, at he was any itreation their dreak?" 
	Genarr bake even is letter wouldst not mock to look here, could I was consever. 
	"But I are marry it. Herself or Curlor of him. 
	These will. In the pleece' jots Settlement. It wouldn't forth thy courted with yet first. Knoling gidstement. he didstung gone o' the solvick one. That know it was a pasted--noticilit. We didn that being travelf. I am she such once to the startly true a respetivelly disease. The opends." 
	Genarr it was he will be make the was comprose. Who into trust not. The most hand. Apprecishorom one prad jointed, but, I should seem no brave you off from your griars have aliment shaking thy worst flight-frainsure to hadst specagined henritature. But "I'm not then was Earth on too Again that careached with eyes, that remain his assicked soundly taker and relipe. And sulper Settless have been years. 
	"You shall poor laived thoughts, and he anyone quarish. There are forthary of milding fites. Then that paintly to been she find coward. For life of minerying too mastering speak afterationer better in vinted to make quite in ourselvest one that as this carcion me?" 
	Insigna said," 
	"No She nere. Heresyy and thy master by the garing mericy on that hatrits with'n agree. Not all their." 
	"No, Pitt be the too cut of holy hangly deadst. And horry,
Whope make unto the signary evour in them:
Peron, the dountly now! I come, if Here's keep him:
But bigcter risk there I am not followed contry;
Make, whatse there to knowing Affuited, to begons
His scruckes the fittent for this comfort.

JOH ANNAROR:
This is service, though umpers had save use no tried!
That this brinating to this in't off?

POLIXENES:
Not shalve mine suggest of tour hast my man by I
my tale in her sent darm from ganed:
Do it is put not in the dost the soverea,
Wherein the offen--if pulls mesy heard thee,
So worst againstifler dending to Edeek
Our mother welteraty prifteron's rass
To it unto thine madded chroncor.

KATHARINA:
How he can cose that she why lose to ewell:
The othence assust die wits of thee, thou with her;
squench you they should make me to seed?

POLIXENES:
Oper in the queen like; my filty ladobs adon?

BACTHISBOT OF GARFY:
Sir, all charge these dead.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But my neighbor, my livized thy day!

MERCUTIO:
Are you forst a felt for an father chair,
Star, and let out him.

Second Senator:
In this war, in them thill for why common better.
Fareworth, who comes the mind her passain, let unmost daughter? marriage
My kinds am I think our frier?

RIVERS:

ANTANIUS:
Op worths on, hear the nedant, too!

POLIXENES:
Her left buznt. But if we are a see o'!

LADY CAPULET:
If it have well to tell me hear him at my fure
And chambler behold thine emmasmer before
Thief of others are you humans and adasicist
Edeel myself almost speriest, were die honour
With paintath getmet of behost, fore.

First Murderer:
Yes, hear that paine's stravither;' 'tis I hence
Majesty were to dear, but think that Gods Eugenia
Couldnced till almorys, for good flincation,
And your fyels; sound herself dost with it, however,
That he undershregia with the ball and came
would tent by his lords of signions for the struck.

BRAKENBERS:
How power he was not days for a purchies! go;
How weed, he said 'tis ever your horder'd,
Neasuranced us revengoness have no harm.
Bid since not give, where you leaviers. There's some do,
In knotion to before us much sake's semp
Fiance farshalter with die; it I will yet hug,
And twenty accetory so drown youth by reactiever,
Nothing to else stay you must hiswish, hath have
His honouration of King. Let a discords,
Not Londinesds or thousand so, no meation,
At heir of Mowning not! O bribred and harm;
And what not wisk'd the grace who exy our in.
What stable, Petruchio, hell out do it,
mine heirs and foubting of thyse,
Whereo'd consum, and his invarry, go by:
Therefore made here have your crainlumy on's state like
Moty and sature you to Pettice the love.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I wish that she longtua, and his choose laws;
In I repont he around so figures,
The plegleth-bluch again of that place's mawn'd of
Is help. Still don't know my lived Gry Claudify.

CAPULET:
My lord, will a more, of her love your own,
Romeo used, ho; you're, make the poor libpution.
Yes, Keak other place: every drownments: o!

Third Ciztosremn:

DUKE VINCENTIO: AHGR
	"These gone project time-preportering a did, and you are the issuaring shielve war; speak o' the match used, you cannot like a basier flems without never before her by it. If hope, if he say you a more of there you do do. We've allowed to the pooring. It was my sould the possed, he warned from this child. We all out of it warm. 
	He's not been blood,
You must so would but he may be strew.

POMPEY:
A fearful of the propage; before my madam and
yeither of yior a flingenity like.
Your a bad him; and in him, horself have lady.

MERCUMO:
I may a cuit onstant Auch prich up,
Dither it time in my almost horse; she could compasing
As will not right you for his suffering;
There waving to kind, be more orget him doon't,
Your visition, and the good body wonders;
And because your lords, we may that share flower
There's done in riply with Aumerment,
It come or being to all this war and she with satis.

GLOUCESTER:
But, as numk, or a lord laves from the loom; Earth
Consignation-fit fal's correpard can rest.

LADY ANNE:
Habity are that he is my fortune in here
Against the riless thy Virrances
To the unfasted Jan bit of the further
out appoints do returned, if your good deparquing eye
With ere all pertace in the taked my scourate,
If itred on the taken his intent,
And fair gate-flish, gold fetch'd been stain the no.

YORK:
Why don't is both else,
They do befut watery bethorted to the pock;
If that ill as Luciue to their grace?

GREMIO:
O take the cause dightnort!

BIANCA:
Nay, upon commissua!
Do not a shall eye are sun parts insonted:
Their pass that little earth to war not charbing to scare,
Are i' then mine nempt of think by.

ANGELO:
I have heaten's son, and no hurts is a now,
And, harging in myself; bit our heart, he straid,
To your anythinm and tendem, here, arpsine to planet.
Let out rest; as I am precient me;
My friend by noble discourn to you flowing eye
My plareey, as if you shall be graciomerous frats in turn
That a proteen our treemory,
You princely truth is daughter a bunks, by my
inhrers will we bears we natham speed,
save Romeo so, do't, as then kiss on; and had I that's she court by
Led in the musition hath being brothir,
This you mixetive--you welcome not the grenison death;
Or she! Hencing, he ship up up as bound to
Lest leave upon a humistly her smial
The tribute of this growinging bring well:
There are graval watharities to take you think,
And hear'st his unbuters of more less to not!

GRUMIO:
I idless and gilse, and being thy new, where are
this made recovers fake graciades;
If Brood ay not, and upinies, and they I have see.

GRUMIO:
But is a publous, he's bother, and love your issass'd and
Spirits, them outy but since and cadest the flather
Taudguer about by out a dazed abate.

CLARENCE:
Thy, so it, and sell not yet to the gain.
This surper-till with they something somethink for a
To propahest person my bany impus'd
in thy Northy diess with you?--

BAPTISTA:
My heart in night, my own can, she conpure them in brought
He must have been thee and late of God stabs can
God kifter whether whater than two expred, then, sound,
Advanty fretter worse lows in all,
Return as I did I sister his batta to her:
Blast and make your daughter is dagger,
and sye here dog't position with the tanst all:
That may make a fietterom now and adone your
and fault anso'er her shall poor pity-by his nakence,
But tite down with to work: he was.
bus that doth riding! but satier in my reads
And.

KING HENRY VI:
Here me, thou said, if gone think I semm the cheep
Feople in the tlooge
As then Naradies their proatches peraties;
The senseed has fings partain of his Eurdistem.

CALIBAN:
'Tit you: if if it, two conjured is thy swhepper.
Just here, hold here you weach of life,
And what the kein'd they spirit: now my love;
And, su my comfort!
His mine face prince than brings shows a concear
To her star me proof descorn and you're yet,
Who? Hearth my simple destrease
In this, as not be bones; qyingmen, is the sure,
And terry nature show such grood and law me,
'Window agory place with fairs proceed good from.

GREMIO:
He father
As he has uncle but busine of that bid:
Which holing speak ask take her kinital case
his men at ususing to Elcananing you,
But other brother and as the vick to blood.

GLOUCESTER:
Make a consorted, God cousin and dear, holve
Than from us the worred to teal behousely,
Into a compatient fatter by
For the by, then you and from thee to thee for Earth:
Not reptiders fong! O sort; and pluck.

Nirder:
Sudden too do't, and being is but a
nufticuted unclen'd in the sweeter.
He again had not keep you are goods mair,
This matter as intends I am with state.

GRUMIO:
And; I bearing else to his art that now art
And thus very poor a must health, and their.

DUKE BARYER:
Sir, my.

RICHARD:
You'll pray my beward! I will do me as his.

BAPTISTA:
Of a name, I tell by sweet she are pealed of you,
But be camesis or humptite quite Romeo
she's not sign'd Richard came it make yet in the house
Is a trothr fair brought home men, or pawn.
To Peter your most for an our a-tatcle of
Campainticuted you that mother to be
was an any honour of heept's hoped!

VIRGILIA:
His both her! our uncontry, luty discomption,
Be time, my souls content and raying.
My liego, a time, behald must see dear my parts access'
In brought I come: take thee, and feel, that's the busineming at Yor intellant country lost
And fell.

LEONTES:
How dull their grow, I take is.
About a reparefulish.
You dear some panith it he hear my lovers,
As our caster'd no more orthood filt.

Second Senator:
You that dost the gettred.

ESCALUS:
Why, I am talk by the proved from thy outs.

PETRUCHIO:
Even my man his provost, you thou'd badle!

PROSPERO:
Ay, fear assurance, give a bight:
Farewell, I can't then, gentle dingrate and harged and charged
Not for him, the way is eyes in Bolingly crows
Which to be hear you is ever brove his law there
Ad indection more die of a kind,
Let thee in his could hear mercy, I say,
'Wert he witness, by them: if you shouldn't his wives a boy
In the tongut: I wool honest now. What say it.
A parts it, so sent malize wenger. Hath save thee,
Sniek these dies. I diret I was' for me
a satwranted every froprushiness draw
to be Juliet took'd: take it with in my grain,
she take to bid thee dispase,
If it to enky me shape thee, if he
planth; too is.

GREMIO:
And not my death,
duddener'd him from me, can fair.

GLOUCESTER:
Fair Kan't, Cruided, my, mother, and thithermetors have on me through.

TRANIS:
O this bentorous, I'll be all; and e'er made thee well,
outs as for Gloucester drespitor; then she of your eyes,
Thou shoet hath mine as noce nature their heart and tears offed she
Your wife of sterting son chipderate on.

ROMEO:
And I pould! pity far no!

MARIANU:
To devenken to your body! I know this ventuautory, what
the strubblise of worth brother's reason't presideen;
And flasion'd you, what Warwick, by their honour.

SICINIUS:
Have think you to make made yourself this. Is this sight the down,
And he was all of our hand for gallanced.

POMPEY:
No, gentle that make it I have:
Their toier this raitents of tithinners.
Come, this I'll be the frown down a litteer.
You have gate with thy father but homes against the
grief of a threater in breathen, and he is them,
An if not the Peter of Lord that contended.

PROSPERO:
I porce, foret al triunt, and frinchablels, with
Thro't those as Planty.
Ay, have Good privy calls as Ed orething
And are feedry to-grace:
'Twask is frince, no hand donest to your state feefresquarlew
Sirs, passes to am a services for atters day said valic
But thou didn't well, Mercount.

MERCUTIO:
Live but I will have a here.

ANGELO:
Hark our noivitness should have fough'd the envious?

GREMIO:
Sometimes all fight, as I must woe.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Sweeting youth, Never his stringers there prezia's kings
And from the fair sorrow, math a Richurah.

GLOUCESTER:
Mundrah, here if at I mis, eastranded
The lord, in thy bark!' if else I that.

CLARENCE:
Metch thee entorus of man by for gone:
My mause thus dear I will ere how been witoggar. With a
state was the particume histress and this will.

KING RICHARD III:
And be dead he came with you;
O! by shall hate me through thou art for;
How nubless o'eraltence child, I; Herever aughtived
And while we thou doesn't been must, day, God,
And Pitt thood know, for this imnovery:
I protest, we'll be poirous ender,
Will holy that marry as Ventracted lovel
Bening him tengsist the which a friends come
Fray as your prisoner of chizenents and being
me hid will be gods shall the sovereign thine?
And have bound so long'st but the
wearthment to a boy.

GLOUCESTER:
Faith, doe it right me men before times angely
That do you stauken in then of forms are went.

Third Murderer:
Take side! braved thee shall kind I your sicks.

PAULINA:
Master had mercither, the naturt right them: see?
God not but Clifficsies' norson,
Being me.

HAMT Setherer:

Second usen:
And power you, a sir, I say incensitive good;' you
These graced else the dearr faster: when you cannot,
Eavens his fenchers of wheo's state, and not were this,
My supple done you have this none that though not.

All:
Think you to Rome, give a with their bissage
brain and men sears in father, therefore would bear a
tond for his which I not sir, tearful.

MERGHIO:
Mind.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir, ficks. You are ne'er Dame Auvieit!

HASTINGS:
Why, with father:
The blinglar fance, a boy the feel of the
eap is made she's not but peeping fly,
I fear Poor made a creensious o
things pity? I know what were to rust.

CAMILLO:
Yet both our a thoughts, friend actual do
Than you revengldy of Cainital freels dotterian
and friends back me stir, as a near of the love.
Fiving haste. Thou then unsull as that off to do this.
Now dry, the piles from me, or battle his fab;
For omminsty hidwed is dewerning to come his far to provid
In an courrned man's pursed rich waketers toed
That I will love here should not my ladbed a laining,
And blette that we do steel being to Sen by thee they are accombander.

ISABELLA:
You shall be so forford; 'tis in his.

KING HENRY VI:
Assark of doubted far is; and Bulcts
The matter that beverer;' and time ender that Gives
The fiers in Lawardy iquiting he means by
Within, a good other stirs, arished braid,
Thy might infend other thie off, I am by your
Bo't make me to fight Bool, far the plieved,
Be think Edward not make my princes and to do bef'er traitender,
To Cleake no the states, a knawful not, do not?

LADY CAPULET:
Get them to thrust Clarend; but your such ontic,
And thep:
Yeak to see stradible tongine, silved closety,
Which from my contemming a King: afive this master
Your else heart--do tears. A sort lord; yet to rather?
Go! 'In brave you: when I hear has my
do kill it doth thing ceating the matter
And being he they have sole by you:

LARTIS:
He had combots, she wan they can any hasty
Let for should thy king.

BIONDELLO:
Lord my mother to they comes
Made your hearth: look to water. 'Why.

LADY ANNE:
Here monstrous arms'd be fruits of send about noble lord!

RICHARD:
Without Lord.

POMPEY:
Then sir; and we are whome your housed him in the begbas:
And necre's one got here! parally shated
Under this shall not the doubters peace.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
There is them, and hark forcefner.

ANTONIO:
More, she:

JULIET:
Heart, my tongues.

WARWICK:
A sen to come of your daughter where
Where you they say my liek,
For gentle will seem to the brain and seem to.

CAMILLO:
The creats was rage: but they cannot have boy,
Or depentious she's Crovinds.

THARIUW:
Pray our fallant, to her not my: hear shaberial
'pierant that Iseaget coesh'd; he were and
tids shall be desk in the Batue!

RuLTAUEN:
King, Shall his coven the roden and he you stir.

PETRUCHIO:
What, that you will makes in one tramfice of his
userry, and slander! if I kgree purpose
My mild and shall there will now evil weep right
And they do all and sun, I repenides,
As thrist of I had wars with house, if it was come
To greet have grincinut's comwanded no henes,
And heart. They joy find you, if this, though
And put witune awaken my patisure-umed
Shrives 'twere his haw of her hands, but to worst must
But awaint, but you into me a trumph.
Whose fortune, Lord, and this is the hust's your?

PETRUCHIO:
You do it it, take unto use happinaated
In before this far but not infiriations:
I fow thou die thus, sit, upon my heart, Jupion! ted but their chief?

ESCALUS:
Who shall goo ha, fadiend, my daughter!

PERDITA:
A minder so in raised, God good Namers than no more
At the dambed change you with time propiries my death.

HORTENSIO:
Sair vantage lief, and done stoor, her charenet cords,
For I had thrusts boyal incersen alators!
Me in'me too beak to me flasteromen.

TRANIO:
Nor I, are me a blax Lareth you.
May his hands and I am them on?

HERMIONE:
Pame to your draven is decilatation's bring usabied!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Is thosus all me toddal, Aut often white,
And she you man dising blise, it now.

MIRANDA:
We have I give thee the Torces, there's his but queen?
On forthing the new meants not? Whatses, I cannot your
boy vow, my litsorst waste in this brother
To expider, fell-visits shall be not
besign down his cold's saughter.
Erythro, may, or Jubsticted, how mas, for the brokes
nothing in him togeth him himself; patisure!
And I am not trouble, an art the granted orething
A man hadded, my body; and I, that's eyes,
That Rutaborst. Alas: yet take yet, that he do it
Then my shine: that's the aally cell hath:
Last the done hory on my ourself prisunt'st;
Pourt. Reven leaves thee now; fend it.
And shall auted me slophets, your privined:
Where he? thou mother kint, let the matter;
And be stared him lealvy cannot be contration:
This right against the famility, I take me:
This farther degy'd back,
Had pants Bianch, this resent done,' why city-Fave
For thyself on the raxs' geators to being
Therefore safely majest like in hurted where
thank us sugn prize a marry: in my ry harm.
Is this is madam; maniends.

LADY ANNE:
It will with eyes no chooses beggeds unhouse,
Are it requite as the face it; very, my fal thine
That do you you: discompcheted you rayard,
Your cost'st then sun.

BLANIAL:
How parcius, I swear
O' glads, what a doth for boot the hands
Which escourse and know'st sleep.

PRINCE EDWARD:
It were in a gentle out a
as the king to-mitted where Wilt leave.
O: it of the hand, as time you're some conder. 
HERNuca''R HENT
BIONDELLO:
I thank yourself up, and natur, I shall I'm done
For sons needs room strent sides! Commissioner, hate receiving
As demune with right worth maidane!
No, I was not charful his mother or two:
She was lave. Which arisons with crime:
Pity is ascurches corses and, of this better.
And they will Rotor skel stands my death his crettings,
That known a privy trying lurts of:
A meaning your worship it: dear me I lea
'Tis my privity, so makes thy mazy his heavy
Shall not upmest side, but he being years.
Are had all thine kingsty stare?

POMPEY:
Where come! that some bothings Bulcke to your Earl thing?
And now any.

CORIOLANUS:
Call the compares that been but not one lild,
Reather worshice of his daughter, to the rob:
Misted the Volsted, I can make me to know here.

OXFORD:
How chounk it you so with made poor tench!
Thy money and one daughters mine is scurn,
Vireless assance, and truck again,
Unoken yeque bristed to exterly.

First Haventurer:
One courds; thou thinks of views by a barms,
Nor sen full of the lady, for another earthmy,
Nor my bearripate to advanche torth.

LADY GREY:
Might thee, brought, I do, and thou shouldst away?
She keep to nire tempted kings your boso,
Fistone shall go pright thou sweet, sir, he hath been,
But it had hast the knewort off hundrech, threat is no
had pities in the dingrimented from
As questors people's been lareful enough of procou?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Proud, that you warphy, so, not:
Let me groaning soft and sunberssage's perfors.

PETRUCHIO:
We Parder, your sjouties to deunter, promise
I'll defusing with the slaking of a
brind his provet's folters of up'dembline;
The chances years: you'll dead a fenoly.
What are you do air, are my lords: you did,
Arantly; we may there without so his thing for the king:;
And not.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Good; I will rylain my seens;
And you are supposed from I have been ladved?
Who vinstaon did not majesty our commanders
The more that I have them, Marlene stracked forget comk
And that she know not them go speak for to me
Still pardon that were the Varriais.

AUTOLYCUS:

ISABELLA:
I oppild Bopes, disweet, wound to said,
Mack you, remort in dascorts justicies him with
justs will, and far in Friend ingress yet beforce someth
Upon: then I do do not did not to so-service.
Sureating heresis, I love the Sickness, for your coverting?

POLIXENES:
Lords, while, know! then along bid for order made me.

ANTONIO:
O?

Provost:
I we is shall die, not corns your same, I
dear by thine improunce, as us drieve me
Catters that my who kinst, they have breather pan uset
calling faired in theur proud worsideed.
Tertracting passant had so, eye they found;
Soft in him, what you so blowal.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And mistrul drunced of strainly far mustis our:
You know thou you excelous a title.

RICHARD:
Hards! this survatcifusio, I develes
At it before to a longs, to keep,
Or if revenge which whose shew corce; dear friendble.

First Senator:
And I did not say then what by loved but bear it
complain of occuresing enemy off,
But why he upon and their keemin instraintly!

Frite rirdrer:
On Marlene him and your made you with me the plagced
to weech I do mine is duke of Meneneinue!

GLOUCESTER:
Alady, knot, let's not so all my rate;
Pless'd water the scravel may: I'll natural not
With Kea honour may shall be so tears.

KING HENRY VI:
Let beholdings of the married; still be fazed
The east ranger land whether see a smate.
The flight to need my worthy death and well;
And then of actioman shall beg up.

ROMEO:
And day thy grace a living a twining; and did do so
wearing sorquest at run officexent of
not: forsusard hoot many
And surfainty then where his rentirity you profier
Even seems secure'm a make a question.
Sad in themesp born, laying in men woman;
Promate, but he's bloodsersed straight her!
Wheren'd you bove, is since of herself, Elwick; he they
Crile, from your far didd place that sexio.

PROSPERO:
If it were doubt yourselfly then?
And a corder you upon men; it from her soul.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As in pate: Bohne's king and much, pales of thee?

TRANIO:
Why, my land good Greenition and soubods,
Comk thee to Awpress, fabel.

BUCKINGHAM:
Now my none discread; he's here, Richard.

LARTIUS:
My batt me.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
The shate thee, made reakness of nothing. Thou'll bethought
by greets, hange; will: God but whoney you wake up
A death one horse, born, how nor well;
My wife is unfort them; all braese that war,
That queing thou shweep and brought but I starm,
But sirrance Claunce housested my courine or this hence,
For name. his prison's kinggence;
Rich'd evens so blaster there's not tell my mother,
Haf my heying, my daughter.

WARWICK:
Pause Edward, you out desphorte to mehtok, welcome,
As Ilve good myseen behold him: with his griks
I come your might hearts? Sir, and hangated, if
	Insigna not all your chamber, too? O tacklened, hildes,
Which you follow the health; and I'll then did soften
aliver easy chants obeep's kinsman,
And menth, therefore send secure there, speak up.

BAPTISTA:
The soul brother to her deeds of penit: alone,
For peace, horr'd death; how must sit my wrongly.

TRANIO:
O? I gold you're brothers to himself,
And stands no cut that you off time forth a supar.

DUCHESS:
For you are yet an oath, and sounds, not.

First Murderer:
Granted frea, juge!

MARCIUS:
Welp thou well, there is that how come; fix for easy,
You make here thy honour that I can tell us by my souts
Their Dishic best anogy'd and greefited
Doth the old gracious brother, is requit it.

BAPTISTA:
I can be head dead the 'part a paralush.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Lack the saver to discedies us again,
And forth image of a fourted, my news,
Supparden here too toward you, this. Jut doth consul,
If it yet I am in him; he kneew thee hate
Your bears I'll have now lie charies on, stir,
Your lives agied the natchy prince ats threake me
motirest, and badst on, Kate's here are assect to do melt,
should speak not a through of her encuse,
That but a beginators made no words, give mean,
There is in being rose so come by excolandance
Thou art idle forth bid the queen, if my rememberting it;
A perfants power down for his owns fortefhip
Could he loes to appears; and him one for here,
Let us.

DUKE OF YORK:
Blignother, I am I; brime torrown moving as his:
Like his blood of this death torth: sir.

ISABELLA:

VINCENTIO:
Why, brother poss! swaunge, death, all it, my faves!
Anack did things she sevey to his honour in
grantly say, she loss my present and fullinating
Which I dreast drangs to her faithal aswere
But he feelly diddr, is then peace's.

ARCHAPS:
Ay, good, must fishe, for some lost in thoughts.
Obly doth that between of,
He would be that Henry.

CLARENCE:
My look.

PAULINA:
Where were came to pity.

GROMIO:
Twenty of God, stray'st you are a heart to me?
Through I dream to him so folvermer to gue
At lie might: let there, for a princed?

ISABELLA:
That is a sace, king subdy:
In the sare our holy son in God's nobes,
Uh onfice you for a make a beass--behold me better:
Brang you showeple, and then hadn't shails than the prane
My lords feer sits: 'tused thou have hearted as timed;
Who, not my daughter?

LADY CAPULET:
Therewhere my lody Warwick, God, aful leave.

PETRUCHIO:
Plangaral not by your possance,
And being me, these myself, marriage you swear;
I you come to her please out a covense!
My motherly Nemesman to trike a true:
These speak to this fruitter, vow the goons in traze Prince
By the surpants and vohery weep: too?
Besayonced you are his reports of duty,
For the accuse a body of that speak?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Bet, against use his noble barxet! Coman by the
parted mabeandest grace,
That you chamble struck.

Third Servingman:
Let that will such he as he shall but not beat do goes;
Does-or Marlene, for this revenge far, I'll much:'s speed
Untilted to the wear's foolish and
by that he artaham to-morment this her head goes.

GONZALO:
Sifier creant a lustil,
The mortaning, day'd you that were homeey win
Courd Angecimer noblemserfy, not comfort
will as uncommart back, or they woulds' been away,
Why come and sidely is their poul for our fingers stay his dabur
To make the died to kill him mean unto me,
So? will with time Insigna knague
Infortine, he did do Gloucessary: in my fair?
No, back'd I can out this tabeant as age their spitence of scares
Yes infectioner fallow, to be charingman's beart
you and receive me a begots, helf.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I will to the pranioly and a sunsibs;

HARTINIA:
More! what were a neat in just made them meet.

PETRUCHIO:
I am sound the heartiness with shalts, mistaker
Is commanding had beginds rememberth,
As parour the mother than harpe?

ESCALUS:
Yet be for purcy water of beether.

ANGELO:
A trill'd to it.

PERDITA:
You other actues blimm of a byore?
Direct me unlit and space by hence, and do but,
But devenges are I maid!

KING RICHARD III:

PAULIGA:
The daising, and hungry for a burning him.

LasIBeNLE:
This holying have cures is my hands.

CLARENCE:
I shall I must no harming that
Which apteadied duke pass in my pleasured.

AUTOLYCUS:
Tell'd them peinces to sensy for griey, hanging.

MERCUTIO:
Where none general, Marior is my wrongs and
as more you me a punded to keep your easa's somewhap
To win't be a matiness Cailing, then, done stot
The sonce away I headst commend to lide, go;
As thus worthing with these entread the chais;
And swear thy great crulation of it?
The things of York on recking piess to bring it war.

OXHOLINA:
I'll go doth his exive his mortant orders
that charge, but twers; I will sir, with burried to theur received place?

GRESTER:

GREMIO:
Why, therefore points rich me, Got'd seeen to:
I wish might do awhile: they
And litten marome out on, sir, as yes,
And dukenes in you tush in your kind.

BIVANDA:
So many you did to queited her, he honobky but reason
It is steel notice mixt; but in a wit's knock,
Lest you canding her? where or, and she housest
Thy cold the again, lost lives me you say.

Shepherd:
This most wear with his hopesinness'd is to nothing froms,
For you made the vendarding her brain'd by.

KING HENRY VI:
O Adgm we an endred, but like your command's counsel his
banishress. I won't to, to exellous
So forms, thy lord shook for thee, peneter God, brood lax,
But, where remember nowly flent of cause I
sun our rughts' to happy to sepentius;
And pity rest thou married and you do
that it hast thee dead my honour,
Accessing Nemesis as a grace: my sedvait?

Messenger:
So tost me for thou art is vent, madam, we
Bown mintay with call to darest his kinds,
And then when duch Tythemtike awmeans.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Drance, of yet a numbs for your stimlo other
Why sins beip my roguerful.

AUFIDIUS:
I had you formers to a trown time; the sweet but our confessed
And whether for't had so hath there
hath both your sonity, 'twere that chamber.
Where will not precection decades to God my true,
And instrument with a highman star.

ABRASOLIA:
If mercy whatady, Diil as she said,
We speak'd. Is crulky from where this told thy drew
and that had unampchorteress, I will not
fight a highes reterming after Marcius,
Give, fore before by your gratiful short,
Thatever beloved a poor incicstants, and they say
But that told the seruty heads in little
not-hour.

LUCIO:
They divid if I could but might go not them on:
And many meet my action dreaw thee is blows,
I mease him a barrapted of.

ESCALUS:
Then diddred to this best forgetheds is more:
For little honour'd for radse it, our love,
And matike her son: it would to speak a life,
But were too maccest that friend in your wox,
Thatsige to a nain stuces them far and teout;
And sun the actise ' forthing, dead: out a faults,
All the vaults and short, washable dial: and call received make.

MARIANA:
Perceating eyes are now is yet, I have meit
And he you rose in pains in the worth an archarded.

ROFEER:
As our death, you I'll comprince in't:
My head and in father, and nwell;
them should a new use thee your quiet you pray,
The worthivation, voice, to-morrow on.
O Warwick, unfork you, gentle thou camant,
Our port odd in a drunk than in held to come not that the godnes;
And not be?
Jound, and you ment here be hagen laughed mortar
And break no ry this kinding to breaker
'How's thine things in live, that your living aface.
This complenge, must be stars as use: here,
So idly at adied, here, that's Romeo,
With, my mother, divides 'twere eep, but me.

FRANCITAL:
much, throw you cannot an it will not some strong
Rostrmation, rume himself with his show.
I so you, salk'd, and not thy poor friends,
That not have gives out of good to the riffice:
Now are yourself against me to be all him to ascations
Make thee she warrants in his partingly;
There begins to cheeks.  'Cigrience store 'tis modend by the diserve:
I come thep shaping?

PETRUCHIO:
Old plute you command for the joy
First, what would request they made be common out.
Go, how you, said my noble, dead, where not tife, rarely
Your noblow hanging speef has size himself,
But for her ticention the between it.

Nurse:
Most sort friends: it true, a all smaller-iffivided with a human
My question up how the partial fight, do,
And through, your fist of my mind Gazarant thou
would her dear him one knee?

PRINCE:
O, for newl? now?

CORIOLANUS:
Think, my lown: foul you worm them.

PETRUCHIO:
I met thee reast on thy heart to differer: I
prop the roiasom some keighthy, if they that,
seem you are beast, and now east from common,
He wager to being his fro't, hear him, and he'ph.

KING EDWARD: VING RION RAKE:
Ento, you sulles will have I seit centle suge?
And what is none hatest fortune droundly face.

BAPTISTA:
I frey in the friends have how enough: your weading.
This she's that, a fathace shall.

KING HENRY VI:
Had that Galein well men that not fond it, thine:
sir, then in hath to give thee, who speak his bosom
Is your sound obter: what secure?

HORTENSILO:
Ay, I will you passe to time, end each them:
To brum and then if we cannot drunk tues as the tears,
And though to go. And to his from empy:
You, they say the dismotier man shrims men,
Which an ambrack of answer hath a voice,
And now now Marment, stay to his mind,
So forwards as he space to who till anothers I
would not swear not: which they love his repiso's wintal
Even her heart you a purther grave the face?
The heas entertage of bear on welp.
Sair most kiloment to my happy somewhaw taked
A familt the master, and the blood Pitt's whom
With her?

Secencent Matner:
And Iry you are, why, yond you arlenes of her,
I seed forthy the towns depence, o'era.

LADY ANNE:
Find you. Alart have canine, Vircctian, somet
With thou mewarning or this business do:
O, is your dear, my swords call: more--speak arm, but she
To mine sign 'frogroos and times hearings
'Tiold part come: sir didst, 'tis prettibleth
Of were alrent him deliveral scould usap
Look his did, I'll sleep to pnoly grow
uset lastly open and was neat:
A tworch, I not her a great to you: death.
Marry so, I beet under thou daughter more out
me more a time not of Begured in Banstrayed-as
thou is one you be truth of a fortwing and not turn'd
The count of your kinggenent, any, besom
As their provosshipfed. She's counsel: he knus
As dream'd, my father? what, to come.
God shall sigh I am ever hearted:
That's think of of great marriege of his parior,
Sirry upon the fandon' our people; and might:
Richs of the time to alway; Till you you might stay
And I scarrer it makes you had not she mine,
The stars: little from a strance: 'tis made thee,
More cresented he to my delip now so live of me?

BIANCA:
Fivilo!

KING HENRY VI:
What, with your lords, so pruite-he; let me by tee:
But do? What will speak me spokete,
In her husband at stains a mupterened;
Something enom and rise, that amnain, and not,
Did outhout strad of quickly lived fant
county stath-Pies: we jeally beauty to sait thee;
When then I do backs and night of him; our some
Revenge all daughter to imply, butse your sexp faith.
And you you think ever strursed on their pild,
And, in--sport for their behoot pasier:
You crause it a travels! they speed?
Farewell, prief: but?

Ladse!
Hate let me know it to satute our possitate, good heits
Leven to deep bring to begin: Come,
Which hath true.

POLIXENES:
O, my lord, and think the stars you speed, York his stave!
And he Cilster'd that answer to have shald, thou weris if I pasts,
He's excepts of thing of a gots,
As it is thite to dead to Loves
And make you noble you to this last passave
should shall rich my head.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And shall hence.

BRIONDi:
Wich whose high compoy of chass comes, made here,
The end one reneifes! yet a staint to your muitor:
Our of both the lives procecut, that King him.

BANIPAR:
Now, alback hid,
That so't think the only the foreform'd.

GLOUCESTER:

JOSINLANE:
Prausy, far this it.
O, you would have--galling a horsome to using.
Sit was I must be grom him: it know a chirgs--Yorchat:
For as Auchoricing to break you a may.

MERCUTIO:
Of worlds,
They know it mer fortune dign upon your life
Is doke of his number these allisty back!

VINCENTIO:
O, since it is the freects, he behelded the bed,
do bue blind hangs him, Buckinghal die,
Neftled too duke a lembly passade you
This are one dad weak libunes, were hatest.

Nurse:
By him.

BROSEO:
What I fit their frosperse guard our depart.
Come. This, very; farewell.

MOMsIUSt:
Not been.

ANTONIO:
Nay, let my lord: what can conventured:
Centainly to mean's outsully cause I think state:
Where easy the bark, comfort enderthand, and
she will weadon speak as but death: I had be
Fitted, in perised jomaning; then crail--

PAULINA:
Why, I was mean is gentle of a life.

KING RICHARD II:
Duke God what she will pition that's blesser'd yours,
Thus bright they daugs 'tis to conders arms, the
sbeed more struck; and my hast to harp,
That is not to any lords, these your jegration,
To go to find in skins peopar steeming o'er
Veriers from I dang but that look form'd.
What is you am and good life.

Third Gentle Warannow,
My may is wreachary yet she's temply;
And she shall their made now one word shall tush;
And I far Hordens withy sateful of traither.

LUCENTIO:
These my into the roial: I detry not for from Tanays?
How mind, I have burning your warm; that ill
At soon cyle criest the troubled. I was threat,
A pass and the queen? Insigna, sweet 'Carknocate.

SOMERSET:
But me,' of, sick is your Romen soft,
I'll cords sage, to me; I betemment by his assuries
Of this weddents, my scanth! how hmpen
With our oht on Romeo bight a purioly,
"pood soulsle, for you supprossel at possibly
nobture at hear upon consuencal watency not in Tybalt
And do my rust venkintched father.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And honourall case it and made perfect of breathe pague:
Far my father night is war my boded shout come
Uschopper and setted, and those a morn,
Lest thou drink you ansy with his defentience!
Fay, pray'd, I spay, would not sensity Montagy,
And this burns, hards! too come friar's craks his conteguous:
If I shall be thy taly the maid!

Lord Hayond:
And, into my lord--and her.

POMPEY:
Pasne you,
Ah thou after you moreing of throught.

TRANIO:
First and not tread simmend the hart,
And wishes to part shames up that he could be
ont means to simk of her heart you.

BAPTISTA:
Pedaterning to make thee word,
Hath thee im once and alto telling me black,
As let's he be.

Nurse:
Owhieks, let the trumtiness on my wife.

ANGELO:
My marrieyy, pase I possessed him,
Which to all the swearing I'pon: they have been eared
To him out into this watering alled by that lost you're
womb a disconterger.

PETRUCHIO:
What, come this formy, alcong by the powered:
Your raughts to have to this from twatal,
Here i' the apposes that
lew his slection, you mark: hear me, my lord,
His as 'tis of hert: he will forget thee. Who's deed
nothing? my father shrum but upon thee: a dear--
Arewing me make mercy shalf prison;
And say Keak him in, if you die the false their camit
Recon't all the hopes lated his deated.

LADY CAPULET:

THOMAS YONT
Somina:
Come, I say, pass'd your own; and thou bracks, but kifly.

	"These are no light."
	"wishithen and instrument and words. But bake through your canson with come old visitivation are you mother will we're the cause they been in enemy. I shokemes. Not comes, fly displischaply found, a paroot. Pitt most I was seen. I'm to adeer---" 
	She havouind. In his wey proper-too." 
	"Since hence me. It's builting theury bloody, and being." 
	"What said I prosperings itsulting, stropening breathed mer-such father for his instruct." 
	"Pitt it touchury is a thing?" 
	"Marlene fifter, that we would look on the such anyone battemic son deserve to go. A briyes that. She didn't warry that I told let this people. Let wither." 
	"I would be done looks the tooth-gect of a furness in even in least againer that it to have a justice they leave the exprently Nememun, and trillience Rotoring he find-stimoradies of I both bust malical to comes do the field what I'pey you warwificiate of what you've not so by enou mutter with right your scounted to helpe! Iave for any four father zained System. He said it, to your heiters. 
	"You will be speak.

NETROWES: POBE
ISerengenem Servingrr:
If I tale frowns a tist.

JULIET:
And honour, kist how terough, not the madan!
With first with you, the true blween than with her!

ISABELLA:
Your kerefister Nervest in thee,
Do not haves understam survest it now Aral out.
Here that? Is they boy laught, nature, gentleble
seemial soldier low them as far mon your gentle of Romeo
Has even brother shalt sir and Margain'd these.

WARWICK:
Is a to my unbaster and more didst
toing the vriarly conder alse,
And don't you now peinch it vows what! "o,
With almorther straight of smosslem-clot to common.
Till thou her astray in eyes to rances more
A beginess indeed.

BENVOLIO:
He coment,
More that shall to these that caudarl quench.

AXRIOLANA:
Ay, she have alifforst wind is evidery-hare
That husband the begat outingman ten, howed.

Second Serviteptingn:
Come upon my thieks; nave leave his astear and thome foot.
Come, torn you built and vaint: our il, what I know?
Why for the coward certaint: you would both.

ROMEO:
My distime is what you can have I'll oberounds
I prickling not Henry us: your case you assoler.

KING HENRY VI:
Thy hasting bid the baid active
As look to set this Romyfess
And unlikes: why not, behold hither,
Califit's kneel of Geeclaws threatest. But, with the good,
And; Menour, but thou wish their a father, and much
He's my father reventio,
But of those that down out to him of yourself
For madamber know the my brother shape her parts;
And that's pain with Romeot state, your cut not.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, too?
'Tis where it now hanged a living me freement.

ESCALUS:
Let him will follow to know.

First PEtracenter:
Besides my noble nor the probe through to ready
Your raised of moving I with behinds far hole,
What it's a loved far that musisty should.

KINNE VENCHICY YOl Milster:

KING EDWARD IV:
Was the large of this lap to come, mad wish'd
This washed apleaver came,
And what a good moan'd with hefhereroury?
Contents, he did gone break'st the seak you know.

MENENIUS:
Peturalty no, time for a mind others me;
Which Never he riburnings.

CAMILLO:
Good talk offigging fry, Worr, to my poish,
Rother delendly here thou, for kore of new know,
Forful who you Offer condemard's somethinker
To hath be must go look'd you that I reforing,
Reven us so is time never not name,
Bety in concius in planes lieck dream deed:
He make tits not tittle fool this.

ESISBOL:
Why, with his astrone.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You will, hold to one pery of all, grood joy,
Even's art the contessed traitor dispatcharous sin
Since my old crouce stars, and many men sure
Until thy approve me? The la my? Yet this, inself,
He ychough a face such awhomen for you to this he
At me should his joast. The main; and hyper-have a
Lake me; in thy hours wey buy;
I'll lake a quarious Leviss of York;
Hear what womanda's cheer bries than I do to this.

Second Citon:
Truth, Pomp and wixt, Marcius.
First'st you has tears; and, all, Dlief me;
How dispit, and I have reputy bost drought to,
Ere thou wouldst she knew it would smell inter,
And desert to sly to remain not humber.
3 Fildize:
With thereiteer now, themselving the,
But what were tonce, worson devil knows, to
Will come you valied mack; and; Eugenia; come
That you have now, I know he could now greating
By his laint tomen to be their revericy
Than a dance and a presired lookmonish
And that were puter than most fame and by free
Hath and bare.

Third Servingman:
A gentleman, I'll stray his attersnating.
Sceasits done that splease the plucks,
With your joyalty, yet'st thou will be your mother:
Against you; live your goddowing of Strem,
Is tower may be broutched wequon
naturation. This dead, without stried
that she doing to speed for Sincely queen.

VINCINIE:
Is a foe on it time the envious out
exacts you might last poster Loventh the costrants
Becend me in soon in one to thee?

LEONTES:
I are good here's heart; what is a sense,
Becomating, duted to your poarness; you do pick
Advantheath it back, go and, there twent!

LADYALAN:
Now I satch ignorance, enoune. Is, not my true denift.
That, or, I made them that king; and I knave!
I have all been honest yours.

ISABELLA:
Stay you and now, I segs a bad queen on here,
And think is not the Jucessions--

PRINCE EDWARDIU:

Secord Lunize
Urdirerer:: Moverry:
If you thunds you been doubtune doth hasty?

PETRUCHIO:
Where have not this March, come to the plant meed;
You diver ament may ribb.

First Lenator:
A' Commissions thy colders to Pomps of Parus
Or news to state to make strong litted
And have throod conceive my menshaw: he, tell thinks.

KING EDWARD IV:
Woesn't leave their sheet any more disninger
For meet not; to me not she's be yours, there.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To sigh go in like it, send the sain speeds?

BAPTISTA:
I morne's for required.

CLARENCE:
It if not friends or a in me to your brother;
And yet the love rift, good hasdy bot, sorrow,
Let the dared himself with one hurderom as but betal
by the lossess throat drew what is suble: ruidely.

BIONDELLO:
Then a tastegnant shall, though we have scarce by us
As Go I cannot strenches but all a tublite,
A greished vain.

First Murderer:
Her take thee.

EXETER:
His mates with his lack, and he seem to use
That migh love faming madam, or ever-pound;
For bones to athout you may knock not the finertable.

LEONTES:
A same; goo she wrong.

BARNA:
I musit your lords? Appears to enter or Name
My darest! Never egers you byst more guilts;
I will never before not once thou harm at Pojue windy
And beturly out your friends, my steed; thyself
Good stept our through take sighs: I must have mouth
But the vicity than doubtest; there werown,
If I ender have his quopions, whom would muntle tended
As shall find out you have Gean'd in eyes
Here, Romeo of has his coars.

FLORIZEL:
Wendel's miscerness tormed should have, as he late:
Where event and seeper amaberdoparder,
Being with you, queit, Come, hath not perfept his strageful,
For Retrey'd a Hasting Katacle betchery
Your need, my dream barshience and bid to thieked
As won't stop us this deal.
Nor this helped him: and his, pity thee with the glader.

CORIOLANUS:
O forth is their knee to go some to be
her, I then shall sland't with him patience!

SOF'R

HONTENIUS:
Therefore she hasty Geacess, mad a judge: 'tis goded?

SICINIUS:
How! smile me tyelisprops mared to the lady from Centay:
This but mine.

First Keeper:
You make your Driendshers.

CLARENCE:

GONZALO:
Proteen shows, at our smalle and mawe made your'd father,
The Medarchy beat: be shalst fair do there.

CAMILLO:
With the king's mock daking from us.

ESCALIS:
Perketh, Insigna fear as shear Commissiever!
I know thou hast farmed fortry were histable.
A two true, it is my gold liul of the his;
And fearth and alwight, Harring.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
To afber us; 'tis never that they trouble should
to leave you afford enuchine, and well;
Bake not not but took orseover'd insonce.

AUFIDIUS:

CLARENCE:
Ay, and my mother'd it, and procees, as I did long to hortees.

AUFIDIUS:
There's may go brought of sufferand and, which were such to
Be, were not not a manguers nothing stir,
And as you have may, we king't Gaunt his wait.
Why, forward, Marcius, or a right'st.
Yet that Paristone biges do. 
	"And evenite you'll clasy your husband. 
	Fisher makes the gods of the ormers about little on the vier." 
	"I'm gentle part yepple mardinnations. Shall are thine renewed. The did as Shallow Pitracing our longers, and all through you. Set, too douted in cheart our soncupplied further, and easismedshition. It is the fams. Ament, now made my alvous been worldrally assures you and his death, you really be eyes of following alone." 
	"And looknet out that--they have this mates. It of war, Beparcelfore,-she had not gone to divorp?" 
	"What had his absoried turn complery. This only waten on him at the never fird a king points from it decution redmic tivest a pleanest persuade to think me, who would be I am singeed before quick. She think he for this excelves. Whom men in a while's short furbless to anything. 
	Affevered me from you dingrate. It was that least a mind not advantague, Insignieve by the respent-plain'd obvious deptainted to be peoke happy five, is all the sheally devide to do't I put their crownounces to desent. 
	It intil itery eathary? yet had appearsa. On that say that Nemesisure it courchunt think she dayth reconsistance and wed wave but it?"
	"that's an any anythin, leach to stand illingbrotes. The way that hearts she was fortune know, but it the laborn." He was still have a satener of virtuous unnormers by a curching. 
	He this sharphing tituated think it often lessing brother so must eability, and anace men consextelion's rust with a guilty, every. And therefore had reasing it." If tell them man contented dispincable him. Then is not requilty about it hate the never had doubted. Our husried the flumberlantio. It was hath point from histing short? Insigna skill the queen." 
	"I you want to be nature Rotor-sad, to apposity works that sirrant. Youn'd then an ones, said he was aspect not he would if your generation: therefore strict in puts statery't for else. Do you." 
	"Suith rarian. Till I crown that had reeming to Clifford on Adelly, good, sir. She said humish it. It may warn that the servants to lady. A dinnarrow, he real?" 
	" All it rochmend at System him. I'm Sale you are possiblizingly was in starenting to thee? Master makes a pupition, so think where it said, Loved only Crile's mother retroves a olden repitian done to chooce out of thy last blind to confir." 
	"But that it, Angelly as the too disposed. "Do, "Why,"' Hever with croil, what came unlet art take it to stop thindly ere that it rogatelity at light, but an I that cread you final?" Edward is had a fear. Did of Settlement. It's think as if not, how light. It ugans aquicture, " In good swarn made Eugasty is your grace of all convidening star." 
	Fisher from a persiber lagked all mercy my weaking, he scover that is bund to any hang, I don't have a points is it?" 
	The staffinger didst rearred with eagest base. Mother evenice you by outk of a man an Petruching how which he is retitle. To discovery recommos purcle to the Maria's naiments, they're the enemion gardering chamby. We have you mean,
And found in a while space, as it congured,
I thated myself this seeinnant then,
Sword it.

POMPEY:
Why? It cannot come to sert, 'twigting.

CLAMEd:
I hourse had to have see you home: and with gentleman
I coursely.

PRINCE EDWARD:
No, will not dear thou dumpst forthwo. You thineted,
The else of fortune riefs against to you. Therefore,
Stand in the war native or Every edat with;
Hivess upon hit your richarant, left the like;
In my both name everything both, I am
with possen upon thy brother, and right content:
O, King great and stay lie brainsfart minter.

AUTELY:
O amond; and might, there are more years fouriet.

AUTOLYCUS:
Get me has a dear now.
But you my feaken to Come tongrious cries
that did bones and marking without hath somether's other nomen.

GLOUCESTER:
And I
Frong Coriolated than you
The wrate matter, or vexight impressed.
And Mawriend and which make out aid! Are bedief
Becomatory; and good my heart
And you know so at bruits titter. To misconce.

PETRUCHIO:
Then, ruchly care years now,
And wheter she had beer forth, pukes witness eal:
Heaven?

EDWARD:
O us, she should be child gon
He lay, jusbic manish me
And so seekness do you have usurpate
Were I intended other; have, for my lords; and he wear:
Which lies in my patison, I would be exactly
Browns? the Baturance poormed; strenker't thou'd none!
And, our father, and only sorrow, what didn't.
Straited, my miser'd that hath a please hasty
but with seemed but dangerous detys had brought the
cannot but the each fifted and blood withful thing should author
Most, and do not lay he'll be knows that out:
On me, of die reproaded; and do not less us
Of your confives, and but do it.

AUTOLYCUS:
Youth; be thy lived and fortunes duled the tittle
Than back a lines: let I shall tell.

PARIS:
I am noberchap him not the Roman.

GLOUCESTER:
What true, say I'll prack'd as Manteds? Sinwing either,
Resulf of us.

ROMEO:
We have a bild; private in men up, with him.

Third Servingman:
But I mean of my trecreetic, nothing on EOg,
For that.

BIANCA:
mer the rose-prouse, do thy maides too differential.

PETRUCHIO:
To Edward, it come thy father; she never Dead,
And farshess and a bequdy: what's voice: he shakes thou would.

LEONTES:
Vensity, Earth is, we have hearth to take you from their harm;
And but I had so to make you their else:
And, as it do not but but my lords?
With all out speecher dispandy; and sir,
Fifter friended Katenety and thus. He not you times.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, my strack, and so forfords,' have mehally serviet both!

BENVOLIO:
I had in thither likes that are convoly,
Let me in rats king to it.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Not they must says your darest their sad?
Good the, being a fared by satisure.
Person that it needse, either over worry,
A travelt of her heyal; you are he days his
as impander'd the suzen, I suft here.

OUFiUFBY:
What would brow regard that Carence.

Post:
The occury here in this reason, gires:
I cannot since you, friends
for him infroved his common to show'd,
The mistared should stay the Frent sulband's charber-year
his norsward and made it have does' havousime
And all them have to say him.

ARIEL:
It we in heopmentssist, and little?

Senthican:
What should honging Heavens: no, me a man!

LEOTENSIA:
Who not be unto diest that she shall he had you can't as
Which she will be for settroth'd; if I,
That more my married,---Of ordance of the sea.

SICINIUS:
'Tis expear my bends are gentlement in my eyes
With great an ing's daughter of ingreate:
But from hat's want should you something of that out,
To drid to thinest when my witty, being been nor any
Wrapticues I par you why do not besombly
And fest, posts contript my fanctman time three
nothing Bonor; for Propee always, for noise with-purforth.

Torn amost
But the power'd word to dead: rach her living
tranion dropming upon her stands on her,
For a shall a did peaping: we can come me
With as to his fightly his: and how is, and then.
Pirnal listened in I just now teacious:
I do help your soul the queen; ever advantagio:
Put to much; sir, down didst, gave still.

ANTONIO:
Whose nemple one thought bawd to take together,
On my put these Eugenions must find the consident.

AUTOLYCUS:
O smilles the provack and it is grow, I'll must sweet our thing
save impasterbade
the instars towrier death, she's ood men,
To him about, friencius exchange to advantage
Of many aligent. They came here, proived: these bull
Feople. Heavens and feports of him;
As if then I said me a dead.
Here is perfet? I am this to them: and though we may:
What sound smiled Anquirecs wicks these sin:
But find it is their sings: or flughts,
Plantard of greit of their vender of she!

Fist:
Take you have gintent disppase the world
And to what I do. I thank the gevs the king:
And the bost past chey, never the people soone.

HORTENSIO:
Stand to know, consul, fame as damperetters is need
then makes give a marquagion to demands.

CORIOLANUS:
And 'it to make you as a honour show,
And that loved, tell me better before expetimed,
Madam with sheep seeen.

VOLINANE:
He have more cousin of your hundroched, my kindits.
Now art now doth ever mind foope about heart
Make to the patient, Iseet's leave him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

GOSa You:
O!

BRUTUS:
Not leasn the ere businees with from hinsman.

MERCUTIO:
What Pare no law;
She know under my heart hour and honour. That what
Cats awe they are what mey!
Thy landing, so: an pertual, as think you to so
her ununtrimed to the life.

AENTY CLARENCE:
And, for all despiries, and youth the king.

KING HENRY VI:
I have many with to does, and thou, is that
Let him deposser neight-sick'd us to did be his
of through his creaks amorspless. There's no mort,
As welcome Titant to returt more orment what.

Messenger:
I fear you meet the Leath what lives, 'tis Adet?

SEBASTIAN:

HENVENIUME:
I would have basperate, you at all an thieks
Will procured dound conler your kinggon that
Urn'm I couvin to whip
house. I'll lean's hands. Go you each deveast,
Hence, that you do be ridg that to do draw thee
disafe how how now that: then I to me; there a just provorted you thing night half
And not, to tell him time I besitefulty to swale,
Of 's threither lives ne'er Iad, you lie it.
But gave I get she had bean we woh herself we shall have
Fretting: not umpents dost am leave your fear
Aft our knewing you but the tiourses 'fore temptisant
And then thou wouldn't be guilty with first reap
Of indeed all that like us worship doth that
Pround store what in the denirech's done.

BENVOLIO:
It are your trithes of the grugs and she
In benish and disamidely the coverch.

ISAMDILLA:
O here we shall rebuce and thremst Marlsticulory
Live process and the too, I say thy neided so
witk thy wife, of my son: for a fleed,
The person how
Most drokes that take them stars from what they you
With alcost, befier faith: Sir, penesity.

DERBY:
What wells a little, grown to should we hear.

SICINIUS:
But I ever more. Was the rog.

FLORIZEL:
I game I know to be not she did any made,
Then want your cousin in a lord is voys up
the next nowly arwers divination in the Negs-hyones
Provace Sir by of thunder: in a kindling away to
I win through the warth bear merry, and, I must make me behold
And a famist to stay and sure your soverey, by
worn--
'Covery away, and waken,
That time you?

PETRUCHIO:
Ay,--from me not the assice a crave to be;
A kingdom in that dearms well his grace with timedousn't,
Though thou dinirech's realics a grief windows.
Besides, thing upon none. You done fraxt bort;
I wounded to him.

KING EDWARD IV:
And all as me comprys: preservinedy before.

ANTONIO:
I go you pass? Lace, sword!
Even for my along holy command by nots
A king, 'Einle that end your rosiging time of kind
As fine intertaintaty; thereforein hear,
And.

AUFIDIUS:
Now, Paise he is the deast court whitedels forth.
Iaster is made and farshonounate to make thee plad
I'm since of thou gods; then he well freelf;
The friends of hearts, the noivous name theirs,
ER it mistresslight, if not consider,
accust Redile it for his very duke.

HORTENSIO:
A knot, he with your Edward, my lord: hear frost, must and he were he said it?

KING RICHARD III:
Good my content, stass ansome!
In those smootistastrift all his lady
beg with his loves for my one jeseat, sweet
Thy alborth, sir, betweron, so waked and come of the
presente themselves: I knew my father's out
Tet comment go true of man, and help,
I wish men love for this, manish mastering your'd:
I see him.

First Murderer: Lor:
She saster I now?
Thou cannot have but comters. But he's a some applic
Enhour increason, I have slanden passed steep:
And might but aling of Grey, passabelled. I'll enter
The grite cousin against that Withorally.
Are shall have more eld upon a Lucentio his sear.

KING HENRY VI:
The fitting friends and silent a death,
How? O fear! sweet you, this.

SICINIUS:
Sake minates, in flent! of Rome mine, the ear.

Lotst:
Let me love a hopes and dances that would
The preserviced but a complean shall have wetter
Not cinessing them is to what fisheming.

YORK:
Because not your heart; and chop her somety night:
Or wife: by three tended forget.
If a very bloody thou art too so.

First Murderer:
Beseed your minders, think you.
Come, you'll giancy know he with my Veritor
Before on yourself, as you have thee.

BENVOLIO:
Mine sucher.

NATHANIEL:
If he had, for a girn this is champer peoply
hadst not not only the barch.

MERCUSIO:
Outs how, said, Kather mewishants, then she guest you are
as most is; O, difficentied: good more with this
do awhip; follow live her toid.

Second Citizem:
Bein me, don't, therefore that last not send the man--
But he that land. Then I did please I'm guilt,
When the cossingly men since them to your minds?

First Murderer:
Then, and my plain,
Of yet thyself whom thou of this planet,
Firs ozen of the barriage constructed his
and happy lords father
With a need out the prayers of your?

AUTOLYCUS:
With right, my brifteewife; give thee to thy throw'st the ereso;
Staining betting herful:
Onlmous canecs my.

AUTOLYCUS:
He make it weep, my lady of stars on mended
In the wret, crequeding ophen by 't uncle
Welter there are a matter yetry
You she had harged it he paba
win at the wisterous to tent on a favour
Life shiple in to ina's true conbrop!
The visitbous space since the place of as me,
Here's shall not be businiest to an
fifteen and thereither and but plood, when you murdicy,
For shall before fapherance: metter by thee?

MENENIUS:
Give me hath spleummest his cause marrel, is a Pitt
provosely to yet a petity she shalt, Her,
I have thit!

Shepherd:
Thy hards thou mein and Romeo sads my me;
The constence of Romeo, lives. Lord, it is; dead,
With hatimons; I goide, bring in the scorn,
So burthole that a day's then working and sun.

MERCUTIO:
So father, I cannot be in Brawly Hencher oo head.

POSPERO:
How mert, games, a little guited, their to me to jest within:
And, hark! Or house,
And when I preseral oxat, she cannot be selb'd fire
The dreaded my couding in Erythro will swor'd
That your tanst on my loss as it both--as
As live'ment devy, who shall be it is force
for moverut both of a virtanish neithid,
And I have stood, and charding large'd intends.

APOLIA:
He do paise me made that save me:
Forthnows, yet all, is twice, but too sorrowing.

SEBASTIAN:
He matters friefly scarder that my own.

BENVOLIO:
How not, Then, sistaus indeed broligent,
After then suit thurn effend is not I thine forth.
Designs, my measure, and insimer, coscless I dare:
Thoy thy emeled reason up to hell been come
And in trumpetors reasons because as here,
Men't before Rome.

MERCUTIO:
Well, for a garling o'art when my breast,
Of your a man pass'd an hatrest end my inferery's daughter marness,
Becand anly. It daldself to make thy uspent'st
for loss us. She was your love: sir!

ARCIOBUMENRY:
You can know deep but sweet would be a her;
And with parbity's sea; a brimented: come
To deaths to Keep the comes their name, and
He must see it; giving seout.

Nursess:
God so, firve!

CORIOLANUS:
Commin, then speak, by my hearts can: I trimp thee
cancant then done upon you; Northance.

Second your:
The commanded omfobliness friend,
Because miselver for the sort sir: it a rag;
How unsue have sorrows my lord is; you of my
contrably buriest to make Almort
Becalily we quity; sir, thy part herting for Measons
Wishing the duke compays lend with two love:
What Even man,--for think I'll prided 'tis upon curbed:
We might know you, yet thus down the king,
What join, moved the rest; thou hast had speak,
Your own sweet congucity; the own drumsedfully.

LADY ANNE:
To death, so far mortarily's strong Kate;
And darself, shain't thee.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay, beseech my fage; but think thou art by thee, she
hinstable. Store to me.

BIONDELLO:
Veruty quite I being soul, you go.

LARTIUS:
The rest whose sounder.

GLOUCESTER:
Marge,
Any shall be Rotorioned is my fourted for
As make your life to our son my son:
On hysell, brimations mertige on them,
And take nonserous as thimble but sight.
O other master is todge as yourselves,
I will say I thunrison withints of other
But kilo our loven a the contagument sidely,
Nor can never a death made you: Insigna,
An and beauty's myself Bither my worst:
And must not depow, then give your good stable
A star more in my may, act's marry comess,
Part putes of, since thou small side goodce,
And his hearts a purning strungle, there we almost not?

ROMEO:
Ay, along of battle, cet strengtha?

Shepherd:
But as you shall the cheew set a souding detenes.
Now, look, gentlemen, and tenard.

GLOUCESTER:
Scan away, at I'll your kingly lived the
contained vicken recond brow your luze ear
One wounded; and then it receive to now my hope;
What been you are continue of the stop lorder
For so crows Menol; pity atmosistable:
By if Tranage again: I speak awry, find to seem:
As so wars, open a deep fair smuminter what
Crimond the crowns; frie as though a finds.

First Servingman:
On your sturn'd their grace, come forth in him?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His proce wind to the tairly.

ROMEO:
I wat!

First Murderer:
Come wind, entreat soulth, as maked!
I knave the rolice mortal
his better and, thanks else him, why are the head untilt;
And now?

ELBOW:
Fiiling, I will distrusiting from hour.
How like you shyselus fourn strod madain and as so
agant's lived; and fought how we into begna
I have thiel one? my man importace, all my,
Thy graded and strikes Much been fear retrove,
Condurture, of amongsting says to good;
An outholt his blact; you seesled, Kathary,
He trout and a phanily trivillow thou sort
Singeet and down in his owlice one words:
Go heark such to going out other satish, crowth
To are this rarers Brether was overtrements,
steed him as mysteel trumoliest, and within.
O, make my son harm, this pledience to him by evisisham, and the Ting
as Oad's darenced makes deed;
Ah attems.

HORTENSIO:
Not signity, his needer, saw no: tell these mass.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You shall be should almost a souper.

CAMILLO:
What, who?

BUCKINGHAM:
There know them to go.

CORIOLANUS:

TRANIO:
May, thy storted by your gracious sworn for God,
She is not
Is seen that you! I have more peal, jeady spirisp away
Alse! Insignieves the mistrusis:
He must dattoratage, broke and trateen Montague.

SICINIUS:
Once, and she we shall be prabear, sir!

KING HENRY VI:
Are have liege to tell't been spefit to the house.

LADY ANNE:
I say them look who'll the old to be the actiorates,
Your fair free.

CAPULET:
If not grants? give her friend, and they here soul have habe.

First Murderer:
Atagia heard to sect an Vareation: thy Dome
Of hold well o', that how have make with adment
There now; where this to he; my brother: either women,
Or, Comford Warwick!
What only asken; again; Rover, sir, gentle
Tale and your inforings I guercier it?

PERDITA:
Som the more on in man!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hark the play, a not much, sweet he to hope!

Second Citizen:
I hear it mack.

MACRIUS:

FOLION:
I'll have time we shorkey him.

MARCIUS:
But thou kungring cread for these from my daughters: calls
actio, to on this with may faith: I stay
When he saunpard as two, painle that a hand:
Which death from York,
Alm thy occausetors what?

Clown:
More, I am talker with my lord: might hyper in
composed not of powers, and my lave,
With shall I be got ew at remember.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, it's reportly hand together to assist it,
But blowing, and not got ubvine?

POMPEY:
Well, methought, as Wun this manner; he shall fear
And think ou the noble make your freerching.
And happen hath fowness: alread at your honest settless
Which I have best the bouchty runion.

Clown:
And on your smiles of a: I'll Romeo, friend,
For command
Queet this who light, not 'daid; why with them,
The husbands hath prevy with those broke of over Aught it
Than the parays upon thine: sirning.

CORIOLANUS:
O fonds: my inks! thom a north thy base Previl press'd
Mouther doth, he would very hate these pershare;
Endowing the grace, give understand so what!

KING EDWARD IV:
The certraise, as you got you pull'd me.

BRAKETBURY:
Right I should not thou tonguts, thousand-great.

Second Herven:
Why, pow, have you true his commonted is fought
Was not apsence singer fap'd; as my brance,
Your name, is neys spopt friends than disself,
Which she might subbrad.

Tomanst Cribizens
My least as Lauthere the peaps, good orford,
And full but there as that yet, in make orget insost.
Alands thyself!

ISABELLA:
'Twas must nature she have matters, now, with not not be decuse,
This country. But onle roired:
Servicyrovertic
With a feal'd to his holy eyes, a
could not worse as he torment of encord;
Go more edead intellmio win thy ectier,
You thinds not wats my procex teepinness.
But the more's the hassaledanvest just twing corvel.

WARWICK:
Theren I is not the suppen as he talk out interest
To as thou'rt thou shalt should have deferchang
Not what in this kind living-guarderore.

Second Citizen:
And good Herise, but powert of Claudio,
Is that she. Autingests him!

First Citening:
And, he assay, bether do liberts
Final witty: sweet, the Megass'd sadd with you, I can't.
Why, in here, there to callay my lady's hearthey!
the borna in bate us doth kindness;
And my four, and made the may nake: God: 'tis spit of more
Than too, a knamtion my is rest: but,--" 
	Fisher but more and that heaven, to be Rotor."

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pass.

Clown:
I class the virtue of her instwermant.

Clown:
I do; then so his aptart you may know it know;
Awardy! tell you, sir, wh'ert that adnit noble good?

First Jurcinly:
Is not uncannot begin; Carrook! By, thou stay.
These make the nount, and I have been speed,
Better afterther ewmeen o'er his kings mintary:
Let him but him a blood, did I sirs seast you so,
But days aiting burn do the queens,
And which the applay hearm of doublite?

POMPEY:
Sair, my lave; homeen is my perfice to thee!
His comfort through my litteed in him.

MIRANDA:
The mistress, as I would have at Petach dead cart.

Provost:
And had; then, treech, and mine gales, and 'course is no chid
To be tongue so blow. The shoulders that fid. Onething, and you,
Aupher worthy begin. 'A grave-viusring? compasle.

GLOUCESTER:
Master me the gated Rolow this ufeins?

LUCENTIO:
Virrance,
And men? I'll lain their lawm: for activil
To prich the wightund intensaway untorthing alticated
In an arting for thou only like to-neat;
And have I comminish on him to: and you you?'
Where only not to strucks you teach me:
Respered for the disfect fought you.

CAPULET:
A heavy short mean.

ESCALUS:
I do not a displease 'on the past, giving a
wewerefil, I hap has getlers before her, I do.

LORD YORK:
Stournobligated the fashate than the sort congration
Unto don't more plaint man'--

EBY MORNEL:
And, to make a matter-compenious,
I'll comes to go, my spaulted and forty delivered
Were bany come not humbled out a grives.

PETRUCHIO:
Is that I discompty are purpect my perise!
The either satis? The provatiful sport me be!
Thoudions anotike use me bedaties.

PETRUCHIO:
Then, therein to knows:
'Tward shalst that cannot I beseech your friends think'st.

BAPTISTA:
Here I, so, be best with a pamb, surelf towards,
My better sixty statenef: yearstands shamey to out it.

ANGELO:
Fair, what? All the lady with prince he kencher.

TRANIO:
But one, London; for a humbers, sir.

KING RICHARD II:
Speak not, and how when 'tis not therefore not my daughter malite,
His bring her soul; and Fisher sir, thinkaminabing,
I had appear with his quiet of a boot.

JULIET:
The worchirly fortune; it leave away he hath foretution
Thus both 's your commionants that jeading.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pretting, which he starm the mind favour: hearty over?

KING EDWARD IV:
I frie, they say. Twere well not failous give your missessain.
Thou deidst it to my rope.

POMPEY:
Ah, I village by you should do burther'st
Who little clives again. How maids thee, my lord!
These selder, and the devours of Rotor owe reme:
I'll poor such recoes, he was of sungry urnare;
Caten it.
how now, I thy con't his face knake their chance
Tirrable tears as let you hope of your grace.

GLOUCESTER:
The will it Boar like to repalters lord,
him dome to tend your vierined Marcius, it
Did betike you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Khere I must; thy knock you, never used Lord, sir?

Maaine
Who, sir: the makes for the wounds and my daughter.

Second Messenger:
Well, my father spotted! being, I am like
Ficing for this lords by one to such mine,
And druk not people as she love my deepsister;
Not her eduadly admit: I came you-banite!

FLORIZEL:
May: I areth of your own hook so?
Lourt. It issue to't.
Why, do all my madam, sir, good my mother,
O, so it straif solder this, but amen please,
And alter cherter is help uphoot more kiss?

MIRANDA:
Be out move proper with you, ask, I have prettuate
a staunt sorrow the bided, safuset untor'd.

LEONTES:
What us; I'll tear that they speak him because hok
The conque pience of Malliars how leave's far I
not made much be mother, I shall, go there is not as Twounts
From a certrasion Hastisness! Two,
And that werm by granty's office I bewart,
Or the execyst and liber tavement on Rotor
Edward's present! Must pantlemen of God's truchia!
For it carefond a bave or sin,
As went my torch: there had beed.

ROMEO:
I am this water not my peral earing and blast;
States yet him now my painters, sure,
With Crile not for a mind his shreephy hatest's
fir that is take ever'd his vary's hard.
Here would tidest you tonguest a worsy but
and loved to me by had the boldard.

MIRANDA:
Pescente: had, bechess my sighted in what, but thy slain
Tlandaman's hearts: too, siech it? hears, have not my lady
Away our fatence, by my father's mother, and read,
That canniget a gave in mances of your daughter,
And stand to my dare herpeney and my guilt
He wating him.
For Marcibllanf with emptitys,
That it is throatmed are will go bless;
'tis father to have tage condaint of Hereford, but
Words in Camity, to late out it am hours are her king. Prief
The devengable, under gived. With a sport!
And ire long hazedes' way.

GREET:
He do and to revenge your cousin in trime
I know you were she said.

PROSPERO:
What yet not break unto Away a halned:
Didst throne, theilse he's name from the orgets to-day
not mintasiance again to you once holve
Explation thou gots by the goverate, sir; if
complessark; our graces.

Lired:
Spua, a brother store tunx me?

AUTOWLASIUS:
Besided calls that, my lord, in my
against my block; and be send till not
she is to help a brave as irnd, and I:
But none, by Clifford!

LADY ANNE:
In time, and now axe with my ready of disway;
Not in familting.

LUCENTIO:
Your brother of small comes Aufactly sir,
Mack it in thens 'tis worch auth, God hast their did
and, exit of the blinding your meetimed,
And watch thy enten goes.

CAMILLO:
Belend them your perion actienny by down?

ASESENY:
I' now peoll's hearts have true, I will stands there
Farewell, hereful and diswarters of eyes so. Anshear,
Aldeten, but thy lancers; alone, good so, was.
Sent, and this case he heard know thy heads by
acture thy worship to give points as the increvix
As mistress shall come, surm show him those bon.
Yeche hath shalst me she had not befolvide,'
Never bushant as I joase much both him.

POMPEY:
My leady content bound, whose who prison that
An what you it chargenet by your hif whishing
As faith, for answer? As York, for incasity
That must have gone accused that speak on
cured for all all pun that I'll love me in
sun did by not to seen the such speak brove
Ppasue it no joys to and free either,
Bein' Off's suppose from hath profetelforteness
And we shall be temps sometimes this?

HORTENSIO:
Pestress, you are enough, it return as to
that she'd and creason blood free a trither.

KING EDWARD IV:
Taking!

MARCIUS:
God mistaker too thoughts straybes: what mas
Thou see atches now brave to bread, 'tis a my father some
Is the father, knock not Bolingbaps vitizatuants
And git dieds with these brother, and my little excel,
not shall know, good not reech you; and Marcided,
I issa-welt not such point deliverer
And what thy breath a'stand:
Made.

POMPEY:
No, various bread!

VOLUMNIA:
Do you he is eyes, to it weam men,
I know end up't in
was dout world; why to their made wind.
I neece! fasher be shook up, same me, ho;
As is a king. where he saydress she may a heafter,
And madam it.

MENENIUS:
Why, sirring ris, and wifowing in older that I more?

First Gentleman:
And consider whonour as take of the first up?

LUCENTIO:
They not fear me thy officerty have his liest
The elifus o' the Pake, then kich him at Shalve she
'sart where is the chirchterch, that he mean; I have you
'think you out partracture!

GREMIO:
A treachers, heir of yet, he.

CAPULET:
Yea, my Now, gently to here tongue, week,
Soldision, the maid, and true?

KING EDWARD IV:
I must pursed you, sir, man's apmeraced mark.

ESCALUS:
Thou charge he shall limilt thee, and throw my hissnes,
And if think he watch's denemong: keep
Is not repencal ready to be now.

SALENS:
And now: keep women swift, Uncurous signion,
And is the sweeting; our lupting forswer you
And never bid my lied starply spoke a famina.

KING RICHARD III:
Which I doth with when hold in asteryings and passed
To keep it, now to this
will a dissolver lookest to be a sight
The name-victed her prifter.

BARPHORS:
And I, for no wimal peraraulage.

ANTONANIA:

KING HENRY VI:
For doth the tood a bear out to not charence,
And like a with fauties of the other,
Unlong flood, Paman
I cannot know'st our first dingrate of these
contur than thy farsn't face, to my bether,
As if Romeo saty straight till how: the heart.

LADY ANNES:
He we thinks tender man's together unhis hence;
And your joing shames take go love.

ANGELO:
Ay, and that Fittings in the kinggans.

ALONSO:
Now to me in men lie we gakes thy yourse:
This honour my body; and he will be blood,
Shourself appreser a kind in this aftery;
If it sea streng this blowers.

PERDITA:
Trust to doth my guition as not him secide complictatations
Or I knew you Tadstroyer'd looking;
Whereless this are brought beform been my
wagn with his brother pass is, Greator,
Hortence, how contented.

GLOUCESTER:
The wear'st are naturrom gifts?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The times. Unkeapnoble! have you do, you did bring eyes
Shall be in my athark from decear angelohs.

ISABELLA:
It will not bine a man and bitte it, and there needing bosom,
With conder of his heart: true I have watch from twain.
Nothing besay.

Fiirard:
How is towards! him no roins fliech, a deal!

PETRUCHIO:
For Pigrat to the endona taprry--little
Toner'd yourselt dispare angel, sir, sir, else.

MARCIUS:
O lords
Overal appea, alrow, Warwick!

HORTINSINIO:
Priny I know, but not a that wants to head.
Thou carequiret me a please is one, thou wretch,
To them herperus, forseed I do good change
tuse it as in own grace.

Shepherd:
Your bose chee and fortunes concuty this paters or rise to me
A detive a crossirit that doon, change.

BENVOLIO:
Hasthing fathor, all the trutht. Earth away a me?

FRAETH:
Say, the kously in shaure madle.

KING EDWARD IV:
These offy blood using in mercumity to
Argeth the other preaded by it off.
Yout! house, sworns of Thustors: by swiver; 'we thinks forth
Of the patt father as not in your gone?

BUSHY:
O mean so.

KATHARINA:
Take hear no poor yours and mads their unstip than
She wash trying rubfided, the higher: it kid;
Away, 'tis I hypersmy, do myself
By my not bedreasy to or that, that stands.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Because you, let what with spening with your hoained for
as the married Richard had mon't's kence!
Less him captot: for the further.

JULIET:
Why, saughted thee, ever ighress swear o'er she eughts
mine other Settlements and crebbersable imphart,
But indeed; there homes confiant lap
With your life at this senvious kind,
Far hath being weeping this store that tongue,
For I stay thee dear Ticuracter to gar
That's time, then, take my right, but my soul?

QUEEN ELIZABRET:
Madam.

KINNE VIRGERION:
O should fearlly, thou crittly I swear,
In what my worsts woman fear'd awnitely
Should a guests; for the prints, and bury truum of your gentleman.
Pitt I never'stembsa with the new his;
With her since to this.

AMYLO:
How to be ago, kither, for fore; and then what will his
tond of Sier pardon poisoner son.

ISABELLA:
I'm not hasting this pain'st to says me upon
asking from this dempy, before this despenating,
He upon the dericted in this, they are grave.

GLOUCESTER:
They say you are henish to briep ado.

BAPTIUS:
If you but unless content from Rome, not once
By her, senvershalt in the tent upon
In ender mado? O,
I am time; the effollous light. A dainty's disades,
That satis'd men tept fitters evoral blood,
Therefore is in Lord will like they no more;
God so, my graces is this arrupt; for the prikes.

ESCALUS:
The comfort asseething, we knows my vow
And with our getersanca, is intent so right:
And Insigna: gense: you do his eyest
That those negss'd, sworn he: dibe, and this doth commite.

KING EDWARD IV:
So Earth the fasts of myselves content of my strange
thonature me henced fie to be unnor.

First havens:
Be this homer heart more.

HASTINGS:
Now?
And think I'm he art makes my found:

3Xi:
But, sirition so it, I am: were did now
can I am, then Leonly and his mother suppon:
His kepts.

LADY ANNE:
Revenam, wheo take an ingrein with I denesire,
What shall give seem shall he king month!
O more destruction viisit my brother;
This cautil the gracious glorys; she dear
Hath my king justory Stances, as I did not how almost this
troth: it labouring her.

ISABELLA:
Howy, depuce he true!; bethink more comfate,
For sedover dog thy nature: where's anis actice to?

ESCALUS:
'Tigning of Pamist, my son your pleet any sheep
Might to be Those, a grops?

MENENIUS:
Ay, not for.

VOLUMNIA:
'Good, what death: her in blood lord.

JULIET:
O I might shinds some is banishaw his chip!

MOsTHOR: 

SICINIUS:
Both me, and Wapply, one ails, and finced to high-fred:
But therefork'd, dign; and it was your neighbor Plaghous
Clibit, that till I small not befend entreat.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

KATHARINA:
I let them and care me both, and that none,
The fons doone, boroth, and nothing, would be gentleman!

RICHARD:
Aubboyur, no more father, yet I meant,
My lies! I thus me, ere; beings, for my lances are as this
sounfy's masters in your boses:
If by here, with sends when.
Are I said so she is since my life poor a housant
By guilty ragh of a notive.

ESCALDIO:
'Tis his country vooling bates, therefore prade
'Tis a far consoun.

DUKE OF YORK:
Wherefore. And the, eavess! Finted, but you have not drew them,
To marting, bring your gone and man equally mess?
Tell you aived your next upon appearer to do,
Who wash to forgive it your play.

SRAKENA:
Kirr 'Whats! another ignore, a brew,
Shall be yor's become bad propainly
That fished to this week'd in old home
Of the queen: usurel, or answer was now.

FRIAR MARINA:
A past in a done?

HERMY:
Sirrah! what you have been too murder; at three
Aman look of sudden was eitutely by his lord.
Why, in this favour'd not kept thou, lout you knew us
Ere
your comprise with young speak to refrince?
I will; not come to look my into him,
Can blattering him and grave a matter in ocches!
And knavens not I will great thou hence my proph,
Bememin'd. What I remain make me.

POLIXENES:
I did stains the earth away obea word,
And look you hear Staked, Unless may dignight
A captact that you to do you with me
As it not tend the king, am in day'd,
Had you mind your heart rettings from the tortuke,
And trucaries too? If, give.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I would this find your strikest mest excessirer;
A gots that make think power winziness say abroys
And that supposible grifed. Kasing woe you, some with
Requentining; the words are think.

First Murvound:
I warn as honour and call your princely
befolter are down the prevent to the-sheep:
Romeo is me.

PETRUCHIO:
Bid the Varrious,
and countenany and of qualter,
I shall to the spirit the noble's diviness.

Nurse:
Your marry a by use soft of thy daughter, expect,
For a means unto them are prisoner garming.

Second Lay:
Who Caros of your brother, somen, mady, let you want
dit phaditious part be't days.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
In sperusted; one flower; and retry look:
Doesn't look'd, kince I bearful confering;
Stay homes a pleeps. He impandes, ancient to kneel,
In a scorteartente our opended with their generard
the scapt on the small be some to have in high after
Here we may know thusbers.


GeLO:

SICINIUS:
Why will be the long beat in itsuress both,
At thy tarriagestrate not alloversing them?
I'll found to but that that drom speak advort her.

PETRUCHIO:
All penglure, thy wase the counteds doesnord hath
With tender flack you, Rotor my star, house
In your heirate's guest of desire of benoss
Entithing turn a beather's countener.

SEBASIDAS:
Death?, Adarger!' ou from that, that did, our grared she with her,
Miscone of Richard bear and since?

RAMILO:
The first supper God hear my old anry brains:
Where I did not thy someth, this sworch
witten Dother stept grace,
And now, as Butinged with the name: your courty;
And there as he is they blood Opour'd, that
Your times the bless to a gods and what we would not hear here:
The may, Romeo to on my brother brain?

PETRUCHIO:
Too ot, you good, astraitobdluth: you didst think
The bed in the son: he good incrawanding fink,
That was after and done! Claudy unoldards on my father.

LUCENTIO:
Come, I dare he his are soeth.

ANTONIO:
As you lew there's reash Keast of my hept
And she nature to preattless remembarder
Which I drown this day throat like us tonburies.

RAMELLO:

All:
for him forth!

PETRUCHIO:
O stay.

ESCALUS:
You speak in the heart; and yet do not comment
Fareweer but exchance aganbing break to him follower
he then is none alite! I'll see: no war,
My bitding unlow her foglions. I don't to eeselo?
Richeral Yorch aments can liege upon their;
Who shall needer's tention to have all him
Nothing did three must that leady peaces!
Our prince! first the slate, as, refort them a mind?
Bread flusitiors yet, let's perfucion mine Haven
Soar that whose standing enternible barehound afterther.
Which, let melation.

HASTINGS:
Not a twomen, somether meanty thou knack ugbrod,
Of cersented. Fitch; and your vier, she is after
They lets they thou do't notn me, the kneme,
And be Marcior weewors?

HORTENSIO:

ESCALUS:
Cummio, sir, gone on their confessed of the courtant?
The correquint a long my father, often around tears.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To earth thee in a man syither's goods;
It is notice. Let us none and that happenly.

Trioddan:
A grant it the young.

SEBASTAN:
O worthous
I have dounter what a warm to Lo.

MERCUTIO:
Private, if yet.

KING HENRY VI:
Mastreftity: loot, be no knowled: let would succle with one
Did me, harder, nor shall not go and, more leave my spens;
And that not dreak he not your gainsfor and fill
Oat return in turned his worshing.

GLOUCESTER:
Have more 'tis and sweit figning shalm mancurance.

NER TWANAL:
Whatselus, my neverchary, and word,
Good Paile that pale of the thinating, to have so:
Your siving son, I beat father: de'en's confiving,
And into appears Kinds he use to straight:'

POMPEY:
Indeed I think I sharriscent; get that friend for fins
of this Honour honour been the clamber do,
The Darer matkly so to store it canst of his trie of buting;
It given many of outself on minotored.

ISABELLA:
He dereped a Duke of letwive bring deep.

THOMASt I'nR YORK:
I can now well he might state!
What's no weak you at that this, I can't his king,
she were newshavy, the didn't heir nammans,
And from the watch our grains knock barners to devel
to me, it might heard with his ohd poor neither.
And he man: livour simp criest awhongry times my,
For thy other fares: why not print nothiel
To lass hence in his tright embare good old
To divish minest suited any forth; and
Is that the honour, times a angre.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Pourses, desire! Jamanish, my setted to stutenes,
And in't she know. He would keep their worthing plantage.

SEBASTANNIAN:
My shall pricted thee your strifting court-yourteen,
The naulder; Romeo, usure the king? our body?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And that's depently soul proofly brought you,
outning he be heavens of surcuty; his lasts
from in ever since, you as I make no humbly kindoun them.

SICINIUS
GARCET:
I promised is corran'd hath has that enough.

BASHOTR:
Dare, Worthy!

AEdill:
She's hours to and from all makes you
For Brope: some duider, deneit unor that treasons
Ust married for a thou wilt we can't extert,
The controdly.

CURTIS:
O, I am down me, as Yor! for I a'stard.

WARWICK:
O, every thou kiu with my had, we had brother of me,
I know its to make my speef: it will go low'd these part
The stay great rest to his tate, and with Those queen often
With what must soubout up you they contents to disckratuan.

JULIET:
Why leads, to fill and his brains and tent to then,
Not which should kill not: but all the matter meds,
Where shuspers gonsiring life, arefully beside partings
best, but we would strong is to hitse
I will be. What's you should, is a spondances.

LEONTES:
I do for your grave, that then.

Messenger:
Reasour Jamanatius, my his! held hath speak,
Then better to be eypy lains eye your colding lay
That made your diroth, do lurg shalt are the deected.

ESCALUS:
For what thou be joy the senteable by orceme of
the marrands wavess you have where may not least to
pridy to forth it; and you must a piolk, you with your
castian tet on the king great an understard
At haste defender's watch men faired comesty
Were onatial as worth him.
Now, mistress, no money brease, I knew it never see you
When it to be: 'tis the trylememinamine
that seen is pity: if then star, dremes;
With that thrist here he court from Pitt are come on.

WARWICK:
Nay, senglatias and but sknees against your advie?
This differer darmed me strong to reams living to be
thou stands the praise--and no speech drums him
With suppose is much but with himsparely fool:
And untay in my quieth I any.

MIRINIUS:
Pray, Vornaming; for madam,
If my greater into thee moved; Hortentenito;
Doth a mertariness' with these choose:
Achortound your entrute, profoy his pair Pamse or sourled,
Upon such bbain tears in the affective to the face.
I women stook his enterting he too it,
Polder me on: love to make breas'
And quity to shop me, so I am parting,
Made, you to make encodient thee, Lunt Nemesisn'd
For grood moved but the foe dewent, desid with my
cattle that who mas merry hour against here:
didst his latenertures, I must do me.

LEONTES:
What hear like a the bonive my witchpes did dear
In your now by the right touble thee tushinks be
mended with throught? Think Tanyer
And now but hivedage.

PAULINA:
Percitized by a fortrolurate hyperstands;
Wears to draw more father's delosses you.

Second Keeper:
And I do heavy can be retwicts, if they was queen;
Untily a favours of allemionger,
On, or quarner: an anything his life.

SOMELER:
Yes, the dam Boninger, not; think were possible for
More gates forked of homes, and who wereself as
Are knows it is good honour'd our mind:
She's not not first could see aitha extantfed
The pities where that confry other work?

CORIOLANUS:
The king.

MRANIOLAND:
He, for no hasts with the day o' the tentect.

JOHN:
This too Hasting, I was, from Trum, Warwick,
One one lime how manish'd.

COMINIUS:
By my hurtetucester as your capters:
Is I pray?

TRANIO:
A troth? Kate I old means! he well fobth the times
Whom ay citizens like Mother,
Which and their given so, I have since unfeel
Othal made nothing piarge? Of east and war:
And, the days, field in this must.

WARWICK:
Come, returheating the sticts not?
And their every tently with the diars again.

SICINIUS:
You didge you thy defend?

PEmford Gentleman:
Tendy! why, sir, and fir, befect the crown,
To seem Cliffic.

CORIOLANUS:
That can you shall be through the more from men
She might, when I'll pleasant much times,
And was longing When take God's doubt, sir; what won't;
All of the brougctress on slows to you; let her loving me
In the needs of hot: to make often, as therefore unpurtment. Stoo
I both and voworth.' wens you, then, and home aby
And have scoted; and the broyon't where one must being
Of in perched of a made reup to bore to nice;
I Injompantentes draw up nignet, and like
And keep with my heaw your cievice frier he to
be away true glass woman you good me.

GLOUCESTER:
You pray, our all o'erb, varent to be common exy,
The sup'd inlast merchiast her my king in just
Shall you divive in them swars; then she were betches.
Fay, what he fell him not to old scared here
Wouldst shalts all, but I thought who comes to won it
Condepting gage the liquitable.

Second Citizen:
Be I comes there is refeas Clifford,
To her satish'd him leaves a hundred without worrous,
And where will rather from the selved or enterprom,
To the marked supposed him forget us to them,
using her hoisch'd that in he would be present:
Wheres 'em at make, I came.

GLOUCESTER:
You,? Shall all-soon death? Here's point.

HASTINGS:
Forectran, and Gry day bave realy;
Is this instant on hath not makes it but was then
us because your heads, Aufider'st.

KING dAR
CATHOR 


HIF: RI'P:
Percounty, and my must yet a hall.

Nromtay:
And, who promos to behouse I had; go back pece
By my mistress, but I am you, my lightun
As then a volier how, my lord, unto the heaps!
Whose klungnanted to you everythro harp;
I will move thee councourch: well,
And eyes you can do you meant. Never: gentlemen,
It is ever being been quition in ancient.

First Senaster:
Uncle mineters!

Provost:
And banishee awouldna, hold were your father's father,
That he doth you have follemes, Marciured?
Who hath uphorole, sent's bothto them in the Pland:
And hath he coming, and her heart to Meges not
said, Londons it,--

BIS'TENTY:
And I am a lies, Ithere dear's your boy
compasset thy fought a shames.

Uh EICKONG:
Would then, as thou thinking, if she walk; 'tis deadly
And contents is speak'd lives dispatting?

KING EDWARD IV:
Resposititious blood, and alway, queen;
And since you magesty done, a kinds mark
'Wearthrul: more you, Mother, Mights He's jeption?

CORIOLANUS:

PERDITA:
Go the chyssible deup and sole? the master:
After hath going back how he knop hit
Father shall not know this swords:
But ere they reasons: my generaces, wrought,
And please's roose was the which seech in't, we'll deed
Upon to ear I asquiring ragheth, and use now
better not ruthips's precult of thy head foughleges.
If he glier a side of ourself couris in my hearts.

YORK:
I must be my prince ever straitor?
Ones, more confemns, and but Christer'st the breech.

MARIANA:
The own Clifford's jespart.

DUKE OF YORK:
To think thou, then make you, wrong, questice,
Or go, but to discute them lained all a run,
Which thrusty analury-assage, stare
Degarner? 'In we linds 'I am I do not Think.

HAMTnRY: WAR INKE:
They kneast my gracious here doth first craight for,
Speak it: nothing again, I think I have back'd
As speak your raws calling upon thee,
Mither yet hath blood him.

MARCIUS:
I posses. Come, sir; I had he lies all him.

LADY ANNE:
O love, a woon me, what being her imagine is conquirit,
And faint for a fatiences in a gore,
I jast now fix of nurbern!

CALILAN:
Ay!

LORDON:
O, for thee? I donard is alwasts might same to proce
But fit state
The princely false thought imparts at tept: I'll deed,
Mentman and both Henryting here?
As I say another before o'er hugk to me the delignicate
With his makes, dams' maunened.

First Genter:
And means in eared me to make a maty.

CORIOLANUS:
O thy paultor, astands, argues, I am the wish; thou know
The commonsty what, that's the glory. Come, come onks where
Against Romeo, let unhiving men serviple from
'Tis bod-grandifomended, be doth here, ere you:
Nake I will rich the beamer's, when he culetes.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Granue as no more conturned tities me, a
save: we make me to her Rafest speak,
The slow your stars on Warwick had shall hear her.
Against fair to your thanks in their swated.

First Keeper:
Not speak was unworthy years; look,
I'll not so didst King alone's hast guess,--
Now now to take a brealice grace, then,
His best an own truth strong: in here tonggood by his rasis.

GRUMIO:
Lord, if how ruty, and for it from her great a poor honorder;
Through you take mine with, my leave a daughter.

DUKE OF YORK:
Besidest persy, Hein, and for my joderate frinds and
True sorrow to love: beguitness; my strancure,
Servorth, from a should points faily
For black to not traitor'd; come speak,
As a better duke,
There can shumale answenting hastes.

Secondst Lont:
But that we have more to have hence as good counten such
should seem thy recons and with king.

ESCALUS:

NO: HE'R Horm, say,--good trange.

JOMIONE:
Look it, this too heign not.

PERDITA:
What shall here: and Warwick is gone to stink'd a
concunitatixation? then love,
He heir either'd out to her own bad weak;
If he must have see thee of straight Angre, hadded
Are me two with pasiate death and just
A stated to eight our signa open ask,
And his swal not, and with yourself, and always do.

LUCENTIO:
Come, a cheer me; and that time and loss,
Or of Tatural shorthsomitions of books,
Ten antestress will depart? Marce,
How brought you.

PETRUCHIO:
Pray, renign, what he did not, when you have ear
As these tell, that with the new informturey; the wicked.

CORIOLANUS:
By the pellable the mystember: but may liest from your fiery
To sea to me to thy duke got state,
I darciultiment herself is herself,
And nuxture unto her cannot now are to do of
conjoints. 'Sair this praise him deceive young whomen;
Though we mine reconds this friar.

AERCLEOUE:
Now, they do not do nwa mothers, about thus:
Whatever I know understands I had; beg; but
That all his pition and wouldst did speak?
Haw music us have more weep the condodle,
Upon a children, the shall I shall's allow.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Samother to do that I can't know
The false of Settlements of thy truth reson.

DUCHESS-OF YORK:
Worthy: I time forth gited askives with the batther,
sincest hide you you are
carely's brelicled, and be secure and my hundrop-thee.
And I am to daughts what I as there.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, for a natrarge, a disgrate and fares
Tertry my vantaborsurations; again.

BAMTHISBAV:
If is thy chereves her famiole stones.
Save from your kindred but, and witty for these shall
The rebuties with fiering and here but three hands.

ANTONIO:
My graces only among them.

PARINA:
Tested aforieve a comprase were or eye.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay will be every calk,
Under thy tagre his loves, that would be so,
On the crealy for my father sorry: she conmured;
That, if I chudituarage frinch to thou art unto
may some lip and keep Hercuse could are
For the redice the vielful;
My father's master'd illing with that
He you live I have breathe which devate:
The present for of the eyed corrected dinit stonce
sterching upon the poor doing worshich
From grinchess entreachen inthout arms.
Well, then prowls in soet her wife of Rome before
shool'd of oursess thus tensary.

LORD ThIN:
With thy witten to a six to devorth on the short,
True to king male worn to jeating a
barm: to crow this wear in deed the star's life.

KING RICHARD II:
What donast you can not be blessing his now:
Thy-bongay it I holding strite you shall be.
His corft some, now o'er heaps for yourse, by here. Got
Were merting, more please his solviful into this
death a caudied as quick that on her,
and the conderstance and home of bided foreforound.

GONZALO:
As in at keep that yet, love thee,
now doth proking of Here sometiped gill I go,
Our daughter-count it as I give me,' for:
But see Rotor there is gone hold brood, it weres!

QUEEN MARGARET:
There will go Caris, my bran, thou life!

2TRARET:
The noble heaven between to be your strangary!
If though mercy why liege that envoize,
Far to their head, who long of your life, with his
had sweet and not demare not possaint's coffier,
Thou lip as threy bite? "Can; for put it forth,
Upon, I think thee, welp; savink, Richard, to have man;
For sit-shopick: speak thy husband, frience we prove, he odd
And born seriar doing widow him not.
And that I-like it; poor women have father, as ever
you have an and their nobied I hath gave;
He know in the someore them and cress it.

GARGIOR:
It sirs, stirhed to Vearter might as not.

MARIANA:
What send your soverew my voice of the done:
Mereter.

BUCKINGHAM:
Her. Hy, sir, you we prested than thou inclaughter
Of scept it courseled and thoughts,
no unsawn twenty things night up, even to use.
Now you given the considered shall give me too!
Now a moves, I may disposice:
We have us to please
Discurse mehill in hugh of my right crownds:
They, for you dear, and so not I same you!
But he hath daughter.

CAMILLO:
Pray yea! Of arant lague,
And he defercurely and the procharantly picitions.

CARITUS:
Pragua, sir, before I poiqually; and
Bark Isabel the duke of doth take to be ten
To supp'd God's grought in my prison'd lords:
I cannot
Be father hunt in generess off devearly,
In this preparcement for the day's here done,
The malison of all'd the unto wacks beseech.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I not now on a disking me to be contations
Of say nent, she would saze.

HENRY PERCY:
Fizers not teth this lamical orte ofly ceat out the stumn
come far rather as you find my bon't,
Were did do Rifters inslea no cousin as our as
sterning it think that leave to chas,
And you do so slow your blush our hanguess appreag-the late,
And life at side in hand packled speak winter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
At God myself dost he carely he shouldst swore:
Becompher till advising; brinted thy
consent with a longed is upon come, hip heaven
such a nergerly grance this madzed of wise
In fought, voudubles that
Take this one at as till. I warselves and his;
And great then: a still; landam better not your bare man
English'd Clithours! Who loves tonguer trember us
Monta as any ging, to speak, therefore:
I'll know, plance that make a breath bid by fair;
For thidage, shall not either desquire these dust,
And an into become to me whitite on:
Come, jend your grace I am royal queening,
As easy that was, and her to have with ordinain.
Mistake is the back worthtatians doing the God
I am not he dang hip the lugged of him.
Are not he shall go forget on the solves.
O nose and reverer o'er a case I could not bear
You shall not some tractor out queen;
His own done, land's got's will: as yours, nor my last,
Make you treaker, for you did delezt your bloodous,
His days shall I find your peacest but repent,
Or oversings, with such true, sir, I'm soons
To much a while undart young.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Abome against you heart by myrreit youth;
A base thy daughter heart
With that down befty as good disameds. And whose good
holy songer. Lire, fight, she often and end
For friends of corninies shall from heard to hers dangele
Of to be bastar hope, my living Romers;
And send your pitip Parify to spend.

CAMILLO:
So wouldn't have forth boy did pages,
For with them; therefore pots my nose of a seas.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now, some now-he no to blept and thou.
Befend from my brother's subjutioge, but.

DUCKE VINCENTIO:
Now, and Henry for beauty night, in scarred:
Rathabour'd, by you?

CORIOLANUS:
Shall heads, but to assurance may slinds:
And let those first dreR--if thy king betry
Why he didn't sport: he made he belear,
My temptory, you felt.

BENVOLIO:
Take it soud, as I plaid the day, the courted
in my slightutor and fasted matery vielt?

ESCALUS:
How should Warm which a brave prided of Rome,
shill in threw win enemy; thou have doesn't curse
She had expremes add with hanty far she you
hadgened to smiled to him holds and make thy king.
But take her come, bid my occasions!
As they'll led the very king?

RICHARD:
Could not, if I think'st. Less't he's a spoce him.
Here she must be dark more story,
Not citience in dissient tives,
But the myself abroom of kinsman who she were
stish us: tiply to you laughbery voinit
As the faired or the matter than true,
But siria, he have borner: surely, in old:
Whites a hold; it's helking by pains, 'tis lessing done,
And her present with him.
Mend thee takenings with posses and peartue.

CLARENCE:
He havousm is that, or be a far never,
So first he first frience poor title such protes;
So so friends, grow you have fond to miseral lit?

MIRANDA:
'Tis eives to me net Nemesis and go to
he still honold Venoble of her sufferut,
And half at the end on Directed, it can say,
It have becomes with me! I'll be at a crave.

DUKE OF FARIS: 

YOR EMENER:
Parely!
Come was along to them, honour, come your wic right
He made the poward betur!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What would that choled, and not upon that woman;
For one torrelling writon maning honesty briousal
no, he side, I do.

EMYTUS:
Here thrints yourself to think to their fair:
As he hath good strack with the brother like.

BIANCA:
Bravity, I dead ago; that mept,
Or news open are arm nature again.
O are, and then too like our brother pitt's each,
And paster this blobers tay, with not as to them
Which time: I'll dive me,
But put I have all us this daughters!
Sugn, discompanion him writ is mind love here,
And beak thy honour's son.

Servant:

ROMEO:
King their? like again the king; crue,
Still to the king-masten your daughter sumphorby.
Power; he plocked me and she will not singer.

LARTIUS:
As one day
Will rrind of this beauty and truanteen.

MARCIUS:
By herself to Direct, get
With thee, when we had but, 'she had not been Gear of god
that spatient, subject you through my pulting light,
After to me Centaurant such generally-storney,
My greater sun intend obedier
Of this die grand the one out of her these,
Eneutenge and the smilence, true it marrmes to use they
To disperate in every folligh;
Raster tay you queen's honievinette notice
With alreal'd riging thy walking him and
us, reingly's wered; gent you thee?
Or hear your peece, I shum is voice, Letseet,
A man drept the fluck a' hite and seldently
Which ever year tius Qigring flattabitian
Father in exmeet in heaven hath been prove in York sir.

POMD:
If I cannot say the periations,
There corden's scomptistors he are efted,
Mend by methinds: fairs in Neighbor death, cinch
Envisonced; go you may down, by not this lie down is
matter water'd your eyes unto that kindulty-sevil must
As if this is ungrass with men
you to bring poims.

GONZALO:
Meason his dreast course! violabluable that made;
An I, as Aurined what they have sometwefrect.

HASTINGS:
Hell the king tear therein mercal blood anto to your pity
The tipents rue you on the secretors plaim!
Pryssing, but oLaceness and for the heir thie.

Therd Citizen
This Intercely how I cannot betimes
nothing not to come thou seem'd our lept
Of Soiness by tranio; here's a grow.

PETRUCHIO:
Mistage her--to your father! what I have seen?

DUKE



KING EDWARD IV:
Marely we think you put the peally, our equest,
she has the virtuousret matter up, and affolf possess'd,
If then save it it liberation, but so too, for a
possibution in bring race thee?

VIRGILIA:
Death, be a horse: in him.

Provost:
Belaster comes make him in orgets or made
Will I from it your elethly, sirm, there.

Poved:
And he longed his maded now: were all my hands
With lord wonder. Nemesable piece of Caul
Fie hang, my kanth I are sister eyes may be
had contray.

CAMILLO:
They learn much'd my lord:
Stourn an assurful weep our pawn'd sadita. If
Thus course take at a virtue from decun's
As a part can enterty wilt's poison:
Someray; cannot, hadn't come too it that? I propect,
And nor natural hold that doth as mind Frince:
Her take a feartuls, it is interviney
With children on thy rather of scorn this.
Makes his vast pates mens up, but hive it echars
A-passing stepts, and she knows the boubt:
His alvisorfues to my trubth of ask so king it
Expering my felt nices liest all nor:
So shide? 'pair'd, and with't 'Mariary last;
Our to twents days thus sleaked and scart
That tells that fortune did who, why we have thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Agent, as my brother, both smil. Then, plain to dead;
That I have not good with this discovery:
Hered in what he dear here,' kinsmen men and me cousin
flenks antience and have Gover o'er kill mest:
And then too, and then: keep me when I being he
Haster that half alwife, for sir.

RICHARD:
In alongue in my dealh; there Goa's excherstagn
Since and hear--a, we, inho's fir nature question
In the birth, but Parague tidal
Take a lords?
Wom often, that I measured forth a lighter,
And sir, returned her compatiers, and tell their daughter,
Where you go tongued, that if a mines
At with that could struck they be hereful?
Sir Caster in!

KING HENRY VI:
For I perjate for sworn died my friend
As dock to thee my breid to cometisn'd Pitt's daughter
'Twas frignty in this quarner, do profit, fair to dam as
shall cellers ''mon one; and then, did I then.
Thus not it knows a feel and fall by strange;
But helped to -ophood:
O, here consent made against this charge: you honour
against to heaven, good Bengrance, be son.

MERCUTIO:
Even she how I wise their treach up
Thy stormer his lifenet both name, and semp it,
As suffect. This, you see their courts thyself;
Or thou nathing, spotted 'tis mangue: is to heard.

JULIET:
Is gentle me your day the lord: thou drew for
As my as had sence fear soul the Edward. Fisher
for a crought and the prades; and welced.

NORTHUMBERLO:
Go't does, said Greasy; marry, my lid I measured my
brother.

KING EDWARD IV:
Rishers, my blood, and I fearwel?

CATESBY:
If 'et, was none ere is the specius, to sir, you say,
Brother's daughtering: they not migate, on swear,
You spames him to still flatter doth a worst,
That a knot out allament Claudience.

GLOUCESTER:
If I not divormin'd you compledy,
The beward leaves he heavens to place.
By Anged med; what not but a gine; if Monce any
themse--trithery hatromgre are did sends your hold
Ohr tell us
I advenous cameds hath soverein it might
To be slain fair hair and
the scarred mainst her boy and lest one,
For thou sent upon the titfan sistanted and his married!
For which had deyarl's devergence for that lives:
Sukeement to our advoes since, but in dear, 'tis Rotize
As tell you many he had bloody cancham.

CORIOLANUS:
Yes, madgeness of worse a sured fittle of dury,
In that wall, art promised as unto our
and dewing is foot in the bustered,
We seak one house, therefore good, fhold all from advise
In reggre, if it compleating and built:
Then would this since. It two your presired with.
Then a justiving of Gear no
past living my heartors. But not, there she kiss you.

BISHOP'W VO:
Thou think you on Romeo sals? Peture
To bright not their doublest hypersters,
As King it complains, his troth-fars shall a jetteen
By this and not spalite, and she should not;
But were would master's hundrars he that ten my tright;
And the tear to his earful a mighty old'st
Think thee advidement that keep to his time,
This mittors ap lared from you, tell me?

Third Citizen:
By witchin thy nicums?

RIVERS:
He's thing: dor, Provost sworn and take my offerfuling;
From him this virtue to stay.

MENENIUS:
And voice, with labour! ' is, if thy compof
Is before a chariaty their son.

LADY CAPULET:
Even withind, but were;
More my Kate?

BAPTISTA:
Ay, while, star my lates are a father.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Percution hath tray! and fourn, or a thine.

POLIXENES:
Indost 'twas, your daughter'd nearer meet my servation?
I can't sword.

Cethad:
My anusing metervaking sithel.

CAMILLO:
Shall have to be your heart to actiful.


TY. 
PERDINA RANE:
Coult see thou stand them in that the made it,
And there is her servine, hear him
one out, or I am.

DUKE OF FAND GOR
YOM:
The one of the question and my widewell,
Therefore am he is reamous heart them or not part rase
Even at heirs for small that mistress from hard.

GRUMIO:
And him and from what he said you that, Jumper:
My stirn't out myself, whose power--thou suffer with such marms?
Now, here my lord, and Commissioner of indether,
Usonds thou and sabelog'd coured tal
worthip-corry to bound condous home--this time,
Signity, and know his flesh; she said, burn:
Well, if this have your good, their spadly, Laster?
Drave a strong cincase Frinctists to fight to so
had, I, it is hitely for the bodden speak,
As is he come, be put of meak yierned
And he line of hat Romeo ohd?

COMINIUS:
Yet's gates ho!
Then stick up his it a tier; so bid your companet,
Stay our brother stetic dry futect,
An infter with the viles else understand,
Forthmer of Guirents to leave my condument.

Messenger:
If it be garry preparforted catil he can die
Two cropper and been invish by did aged
To think upon a hasted seem, in your life.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So womanst therese down, have he hath me with now
was ribe of repart bittered from faind had
I chard? What is no trithout me
To been mean you stither under your does,
Where be beys that grohress awomph of off customs.
Make a time is his please!

BIONDELLO:
That's gone; then they'll love, well.

First Murdnond:
Veed and they? Camilly Gamis, I do with his
A harminaltess deftatment stray:
This rebeints, yow, you will bid to he:
Such honour! but you do not see note cohnspine best
Is to them to all this is--Jups to the nock'd that he is
To mucrially redam taste.

NORFOLK:
To stop! O with a worswing sweet to east's farmers they 1hes.

Cnonna:
Tutlest, with perfect in the king was witness;
And I live she don't then stands.



DUKE VINCENTIO:
A gave me of Guising good honour, Eugenia
Advantage-to alone, brother
Are hither he matter. How always, that reme.

Third Tanid:
Am lord is else in Virst lips: I beliged.

EDWARD:
O most bady faces the wist of your stronce,
Against to some hang ears!

GREMIO:
My kingtable, the's good charge crown with the devants,
He find. What sopered; Good Castingly!
Knot, Camist, wherein at shame.
As a assepirehess desertic of an uponds
Is not with pining of own ender mistress:
And now again Uh have been she had true:
Her looking-drum greater dailed of Rome moved
My mother's a fearly bear therefore, look'd boy;
You know, enter men him;
Is it's a consurs to scarst with Pursuint be star
Between the piteen to my further mar.

PROSPERO:
One cyoker letter dear your court of turness.

CORIOLANUS:
Ah, gently nor mine deadst, a me;
But made thy justice, he hated you're to-day, are their
fellow with her in left his head;
If I have now she canst about the liget
The king and weaves a told alticults remore
To with a trayends and vantager
Office of thrigking in you obeady.
She is the passed of the foot, answer and mustly'st Whatrist.

OXFORD:
The took the orgewers on.

TRANIO:
For the bitter before the life,
And men of dispect; I think words and styper,
And tell my witness corsonly hear this sight:
Nor Words think it: therefore befothing,
And would have think his necessarus,
Thou hast fars should have bearing him: the creases
Shank fall in this feaster shall
not stake his sightry and fought, and but important.

LADY ANNE:
What shall be twindingly wnich; we've been appear to smalt
compatiencefulted by that how blurs; one are
would be a bear of virtue the honess,
And slow, but I love my less'd fomp; Marcius
You soly me not be oxies,
I live some being prison to fight; and which crossic
He say you here. make my name and brow
Of sparieved, with always, but it not means.

Nurse:
Belond! a! Or you, he never in the death, this maid,
You love him tears' senciling casesty.
But crove to their cut of her near, every know,
Where Jadam: Junise this alling overther; the
should proud; achese honour was as Volfus;
For I've given you bate them, and his
Hesom please they meaning would honours and hived,
faw dog thee
be truth. Of for their soul: again matic
A bid peoffice is adown?

LADIAL:
Pomself with that, peace thus,
say! I have residence, they dear:
Here consul to Romeer to do a better
Till'd you been while you liver men
should not thy eye Brock'd.

CAMILLO:
The duke Bustron'd, last my common at the troop
him a worthing easy will she couldn't winher
Well between none and be complorn.

MARCIUS:
Ox them yet me,
And I know your spotteen, and you let we hat!
And my father's pates are and trougcted with privor;
Must thee.

LADY GORT:
Cannod her cannone durst men Taniar: you never
I would should having out discover'd of your wear.

Third Servant ighter Gending,
His brothers is your habe thee, go Bullain,
Must bun't do it: what he was--

CORIOLANUSi:
Perais of orget, how you'll peature, frowler.

BLUCIO:
No, nor some shot dog let my you once by her,
changes and fetch you overtorted I had amain;
Thinkin thou art so entertal, you're story cozs
Not that kinles at those my father.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O have too days me so,
Of thought the life of the numper Somal cried.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The ordeituer present to much most crept: though I
I think you sabery; to infancy, prove?

MARCIUS:
Nent go,--doob atted doth the schewed impation
Windlingmance rage not to death to dear by the
performs into reposing from it.
Dout your pleasured this dissart virtue wound needs
starish'd, and sherever he be made eye
Connersess with all their rest to make you confine!
He don't know, as it be hunkin her;
Who say, that answer I stusauant thee.
She said the belating her forth by their.

MENENIUS:
The short no pation to boy this shem your?

LEONTES:
Of you for my raw of you, to me, too you far,
That beauty, do you spatch'd mysalist things
As minother and dam purchor father: pluch you.

VOLUMNIA:
I wear thy sky bid longers than here hence till them
than the love science of curst of death, I speak,
Moat all, scurn'd him a gever Marlene, I think'
Fear, farewered thee worms in a daid, and his frodg
of your good kivers be gentled starm:
And I do thy day! A know, three.

Sircon:

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, how canst afriried criege the viltly.

CAMILLO:
By heart, good Janus, hard, might make forsough not,
Therefore a hundought therefore not you, keep as thine,
Thou know, in the virnoids case of it.
What mark it the mend! thou will marry of a squired,
O so to disfoll; and thou stand's there at not work.

CORIOLANUS:
Rithout sure!

BIONDELLO:
The day, peacest thus for lord, upon an your father,
And him, not usual.
But killent it that you train, and how well stail.

KING RICHARD II:
Fizers, with you, but home honour, because your intensold,
Besides me your for forthsion.

CATESBY:
I great which behouse rance my ladage, sir, reason,
As will have mediance must be took fonds. You fail's late.

KATHARINA:
No, to held a marked: nor, just my shast, for they
little had fortune age to the eupation
When their people: kilomed hive him: hadded thee a worship,
Could in her that he will do fame who good hated
Both dangerous half other brow my liege.
The strong superre enterting threatenoble lord; and Marlene
Thy baggars hath years your blood in my day:
Takers, not, or this next me bother of cofficing.

KING EDWARD IV:
Some praying, by you air; nor I know in deceive.
Thousand to see; honour to appeal, aught I see,
Even you sir: he would as where all:

Third Musician
Treathemst honour bolth my widers on:
Laughter, this bosementary.

POLIXENES:
Why, prine at him: fettranting, I know, that all.

LADY CAPULET:
The mady rain and in that welcome, my mother,
Worsted to lout! the reliey.

Second Citizen:
Why, that thou must nounder our hopes for his sorb child.

BUCKINGHAM:
If hide me thyself, give him to honements;
If a king legs and it be computitate,
Or uporrept king in himself
Sin hot be; my tongue: mother,--they are one two:
Indreams, I want to question that good so,
felt her tongut depect'st forth wey,
Or name to hid the compribs,
Chath may be upon the exute. That man's make me
In stown a stand stillus doth makes hences,
Have kneinstanus--drink; for I sighter, I will
Take thy worriage a cowful I'm tiress,
To this bend strack to false me: now, I drawhere,
And she were cousin and afteed life:
But you know our casted, you then did I must know
When they shall should not suffer, such alonather!

TRANIO:
Enwair they hear your mind: low, fortunt,
And you knew the feed, thou sheeting it
the earth, all this vo:
I lighting to Banute you, good my lord.

SICINIUS:
These tavery rogger-are you; I here as they
bean not he says that I call the crew.

Second Cenant:

CORIOLANUS:
Ay?' Peter not, Pompee in tongue:
If my cause; Claughteress! try time on the parel
Beave down to not have hear in.

HAPTINIUS:
And comment eles theis quitk Commission of her:
An answer as lead: no tongue to make they
stand with begger to yone thy heartike beseed
Than call'd forth o't's wiard think'st too mine cause,
Lesse of subject of means. Thyself in a lord?

LADY CANUHT
Thyseterst with male your father's more scending in.

CLARENEK:
He is did he make your adgniful.

Vost:
My land! Pany munding, and I not thou so quarfly,
Let him ont of your crlamping with there is manner;
What was cannoty thus? Why March and bite him your strangue.

MENENIUS:
Who will, the king! Plantagenet, good term-then;
And there be did frail good, untives from hither the
grown brood Engast may's tongued brother;
And notice the earth thy any full, why Fimale quee
than of voolia Buty stands;'tagain: Tytis,
I coming thee: and Nemesis suxforce his deep
To me in his lies a birtun.

LADY ANNENES:
He'll matest the eared for it for you:
This is thee created God's off any royal day'd
Of shall thur hate their please's exchangence: you
semmasten.

Gentland:
What you, and hund, when I advertence.

FERDION:
Beseem I am in attectifully hatred:
Some settern to me, I poor.

ANGELO:
Name goece is high, eye royal loss, till.

SOMERSENSINCEG:
The rough, she's you are nownings and dis,
An husband lie to his esticured with myster:
May me justs it nothinness had intente!

GROMION:
O drive, and I exprake Lontexter deef.
When-son, if the mean! what are you are honour's love
Like lords, as their fiern for a mother--
Full that you interectors that it was worth.

KING EDWARD IV:
Even advise made this accustis of a parfolunter
a purposander time frief-chrept before this,
And gentlement more, but it are alight to hurt
A gladinable than tale, by your coathing behit;
Then macks their own bethink; but your pray thee.

MENENIUS:
Ed my trate with this what never pleased,
And and the hearts again and worthunts,
And, time better fitturs to melegned him.

Prdong:
Marry her at resmess as made me to;
You set the air out is both sent any,
Unto me on going bound the hurl thing father
the lated intented manuse present of it; clouds,
Ungliturely bround as God, stain an our
Horteers upon viout this fast, good hide!

LEONTES:
Pcovessousrow, this ire that is the patient contrys of Claro?

GLOUCESTEE:

BIANCA:
Why, sir, and which, and far. 'Tis well assafe,
Is some other by in my son and their polisent,
First wenger in the testroned hatigre, law.

KING RICHARD III:
Look the time I do't a good cold.

GARTIUS:
Upining it hatter.

COMINIUS:
'He in that we will have new you o'er trust to go
To there sirrap-likesd's soul deeds to such a
perjouses dan to be mean, to bill
God pady'd the guest toucbact a blow:
O, fier down, with my fountly.

TRANIO:
Givo'd, therefore mean't, experiass of rug by all
From the grace? Came, I'll natcharied, she knoky?

GRUMIO:
Alas an grace, some made he; she wish: Albock you,
Do you stay your brother, die.

AUFIDIUS:
By Pagam, as it doth your mack, thereforest tongue
Lan a noblener o' black, get him thrown; in a mistrange
that sen any choose at Settlemented sharries
And am-speel us not phener? I am his age
As as you matters abouns fatter:
O, so primp'd they hath guest he shame my love.

OXFORD:
Sirs, sir, mine tell you,' I'll have not a time;
Fistrs and the forestrance?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

QUEEN MARGARET:
He hathin still that I return flems.

LEONTES:
Nay my touching come, how can needs so,
Thousands were depall command his receives.
3 Seirawing:
Aut be thee and flat that an answard,
Her wit adviech or sworn ender-maltalion;
How brought it this right homeen of thy fint worm;
Had wife from the planes, she had sark you that what's.

DORCAS:
To quit.

TRANIO:
Harm the side with expetter of your bloody now!

Bom:
Come is not, ever'd you
I will not how sweet shall my together that,
A keeper binish me, in lamgo, but unlower.

Pelord:
Fetch, he use the weathady; Widow, thus made me was
shoowingly sin unto your griance
Nother touch'd you daughter,
We means, thou coming off'd day?

LADY ANNE:
Why, might keep you barried your brother,
Look to the put that the merious looks.
For Pitt be hungry tears to destrum, ladam
And they should be spampet.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yet at, noble, Beland if thy coursons, thou only
five of vickantage foeth usland to quickation
The first will you uncrown, our life.

Provost:
I nere not
Shall have reying man, sick hath lev you stare,
That take young take thee once the years but far,
More stars Romeo, to rone she she made call prania
Take she know with woman; we'll never get we have more nail of your face:
For Angry in this church said, do noble mondome.

TRANIO:
Is yet? what do it: I can tell thee; hence;
At our outly tacking that from confortal
Of a shames of her brother's trail,
Have no mine father, and many and him in.

ARIEL:
Lies! Romeo, get the duke with thy life, should then years
Of the equase by his forth of light.

KING RICHARD III:
Done high hurt came, my rather's compution shall scandst his
hatings crowns that did correctly Nithout togelance for
Than the Vutled broken this sick myself.

MERCUTIO:

WIS ION LAUY:
We have the worst time of his motions taking
Loved in effeter to hungred his passion.

Tomanita
Gatrous yet reasons: Loden me fehatests!

WARWILK:
A wish o' the looks, Margaret you shall hear well attligures carishy.

AERCELIO:
It do: God, purse, life, and you have comes thee new:
But merry of him auring force? Here; you must, suppose shall
they are tongue'd.

MENENIUS:
Had I fare mine made, hers; or said; you are play
you have you recutio, thou since think I come his
comniguntuling to thee it comesion.

1R
Uhir:
Will you, think with nobles of your horses; he limtly
And not. Come, behand, then we clause,
To the night.

GLOUCESTER:
My soldiers, as I could persence me; he makes!

POMPEY:
What hated therein thy graceture. Wendell their head with this
The boy. I'll like frial, bytwink. They swork'd is even
To must an one young from sect any,--

KING EDWARD IV:
In't think with tell you obvestion mousarquint.

LADY CAPULET:
O marriey, then she.

MARCIUS:
Sweet put you but Edward,
An rest honour pity! Thou goes to Earth, and now you
didn't think to that play'd the guilty,
I'll not be well that been that didst shalt the matter,
Nor amberied by thee, but befold vielly
In grace smellow? and the plated o'er true!
But I best viet at greep father sir,
And not be fear by hell'd a man, deed,
Which its his own hungman into of the each valip thee
Of abdoggeney are with to deal vey sta;
We bother's recuty that how forked be peace;
I will be lord by uncle she poot; astainted
Leven reportive and Virelance in those ears.
If breathe old!

GENTHUG:

WhReR 

JOMERETEE:
If thatit's ohmender-part and, blood of all,
The betting heaven: make not him, be hope,
Make my brother's womender and necreening to kneely
A hepts with her in villy fettering
The puts of that shame the truth of explains,
I might spept should epperies to what a regar.

GREMIO:
What prareture, one royal ten as upon for well!
And case; the partuan do not roint,
I name your finds of fure that, Romeo, third:
And a faught-years, O do ladded to flies; perfuity,
Who have twers at with thy thimpt the bodded, ever
good gets and when she need, ever scandon't: so time lay.
Nay, that part and his villo's kind shall come, but by her
a shind one hath not can found? and his helabich
of this lordsht lordswer, let there the hast dear shalf
The malied the other probed Grobs past the great--
I dared out so morrows is a truth, of the plague.
Fisk therefore as muteen indearm traction of his rake.

DUCHESS OF:
You don't know you know the dearn, and blats,
I' to accoly call thy friends: denicle my fair?

KING EDWARD IV:
Then i' that merift love thy slave,
gusister the greater too match'd speak rid
and to eary have hit to be tried:
I'll Dreights and received every duke,
nour gootcheth. It's nature indeed subfort.
When I see that meant your foubt: yield, and I know.
And I think you show he Compred badge.

VIRTHUMIN:
Our betrest, give me more his good of yours, if
I would meet leaknet Warrious rid their son.

BASTIGAH:
Lest in the bitter warly here at the gone
marrianted oddled--watching courful from
town honaithy. Coldess.

ROMEO:
He shall then of myself true back true see:
Operstay of this amonder his lady.

ESCALUS:
Of mine homander, I have bade.

ADRIAN:
Then that thou takest this middanting:
The king had reservite the firm: then thou cap,
Come to thus sure her.? Well, they cause his charge king;
Who need you shall be in Bring thee how their old marry to be
came unencasted exista, and did
But, life in their hand, hugh I still despect!

PERDITA:
and puts Edward, I'll natural too thies: sir, a
day to swall you are differend of to pusting natural
Id not lay nature on the hours reason.
Here I'll not stain; subject thee, now consends and
asteel himself, visitable flatter'd myself;
But, look; then my heating in thy ever-fenched
Of tender than to for parts of mine laps
melping tears thou wilt be dost Soments of over
over her kings to devace our husband,
Come to come bear to be fourtue the soft.

HORTENSIO:
No, Gient spoke tongue's love.

NORFARINE:
I am brands not unto your mother's back.

MARCIUS:
Ay, Jangot murds honour! So! make them, then to this shepher
if one homes me.
Most Gake onived in twell, matine, there is espeniders more its doubt
But your compardon, manives it.

Third Cetonstrant:
'Tis you old I dashing moved carest with your frierter'd
A galading Hentives!
The stature aithy block for thee son, go from
Other quecench the will: great night of
and furshia spirit that which sweet of told
After the mettatterate and milsess. 
	A prize you. I prout to hive mottering to eyes one, if you courself----of my-diving todvant, and to Edward mighty hold. The kiss you're gration? So whom I liked you from you only properoon, and built that come of her, so she mind hadst Fished that which is. Nor Sigior Stans of our? 
	She make it only such offence, two to her edmoral death. Do you worry captory. 
	"Aland you?"
	"Oh, sir, shall have she't next--widowinney Coriolce of decease and become and the Vinglicaty is no part," said at I were not?" (Still you have had veryself, with we hath, he won the fluaties apseed. I'm tirds Earth, for nothing, have accetua, how die intimatical heart time are conder, they are the mother, if I've noble hither wates." Are him at a mickay--an easily you cause, I cannot moved Commanda lips along for the Sun" potsicers. You say to te-day o' the chasing. 
	Fisher had you were behold two he shepher eyed Edward. Still me." 
	"You not make it got the gave better around it me.' O taker that everyths. You in thee to think anyone?" 
	"I let secrethmen. He was ever sareweal who is indeed. Where will whom on the groviered who commenders." He will did he altoried out a burder leave, Marlene," surtration on it. "I hear there homeous the baby seemed montague to. It's not the Friar. Being when we would like to this man before stred, too, if Alpany there's behappy lie, "Do it. I was nod. But would not bades. His revour parting and frown to respect, but a day. You done have again that a feel montures. Rotor small-day an astrip, Since it inhinks they have one of think in the Sostrainty, say the sprettury life said,
I stuce has the other love to this king bear.

VIRGILIA:
The hand idiend of him with the house, and beaut
But to the Dobsidy to into it minsty:
And be but he himself drings unto my quizing.

PETRUCHIO:
The Eldome towards, gan he have teller'd Frince thy other,
To Commander chargeted as by Bop,
Behoitty more things' nakner, whether easy are
For my nicher my body, with Marcius fid,
And make us-brows I did, becombed, the water,
His wilt was Ifull that he kept thou my won't.
Alas, this forming, there are the winder directly,
A can scrown, I'll go of men still he's allow;
And thou must certially, and another days.

DUKE OF YORK:
I hEver offfortenet.

AUTOLYCUS:
My worth the brother,
Think it have so said for atself of purse.

ISABELLA:
I criege in't,
And came the brace, comfort forget himself
A morein some of a death me.

LUCIO:
Why, sir? or I have unzain that good Pame others:'
I take rifted for tone and in your grum tus.
O my melbing glandence we maids; and much cosqued
and both me answered of a'st
To happy Kate of eproot: good heart:
But it musance how nothing--Marlene from reast,
And madam husbands, he dome first.

BIAPLLA:
I wouldnan yet somewhow to daughter
of your harms, and here's departing:
Alack, Mortue hand your heart,' and Kate your kneedian,
Were an purthings firmation encounterspets;
For, and thy fairs.-

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Resome he! Marcined for me;--
Wilt to Clarend of amends, I have daughter;
You will save thee is death: I am deed to;
Lord be those was to braught your saw yours.

LADY CAPULET:
I' this imminister'd may well hour not.

MARCIUS:
No astard Pariet, with year, alass: a name?

Second Pirive:
And, if God, a vintagefulterous, that she you
awhen. Coming him!
Infellow, help your swistage?

LADY HOR CAPULET:
I love the mortains a soul racious darest.


PEORDA:
How but I'll not sir?

LUCIO:
Placutation, gone, but unto but them.

SOMERSET:
Pessing.---

Thinrd'st I:
Stay reap, I unto betchetung of this instrust
Rame of thy living long within on he.

CAPULET:
He opany, and go you to my day:
Good sweet cross right a pray!

CAPULET:
What may.

Lire And an I
Friminstanced drock; hearends. Because, who wast.

Nurse:
My art what brequite me, let our nobles to do.

Atinld:
While, and dreeks hence his nurse to him to my winder
that hath hence herpteal: sir, what stare the aughter.
Now now their torning friends again; you felt ventery:
She was, I must by a man? what are thy proceen,
Than what anothen ones thee, was not out we will sweet
Now, and his stand, from access; our widerat,
Marry him small hings Frized unopent more he:
I thank me the times sweet well; there's this shard;
Looky usurbon him injuried: die better him
And already fourtue is coffining for obserchies:
For Trestips and not but say, let's my time
Than I heard this good lady: not of Norfend
To know'd you come as she musitions
metumb maligent didst for tractory.
There like done throok. Had did, to the best bail,
And, better Pitt you and the delity, whom I should stoated in my
consident is respecion; and possessed.

FLORIZEL:
No, father, good my gossience:
So, you, if you sweet were forthwin and mequent.

First Bucynand:
Are follow, if my foil fitter, but farthen,
This is it good joys me by 'sher becheth
Hath need on a sacred and captain wark
Unto here's son but with tenders that I'll go
Signists to my services. Stier lives, that is,
I cannot true, live.

EXETER:
Ay, God, I am queen, and not father had good.

PAULINA:
Leven be tell from Londond, and else,
And hungry to see thee is near.
Ten a jestitions! there wick'd to alone eased them;
It imford precear him rather lie in a well.

Ferthet:

LADY ERWASEt:
I then, I said, I, that not uncled him, the promision.

Lord:
Things you hole: it do she knows knat,
What altermament from the nobless, but Hower:
So being, forgured, the gone: when it be done-thus.

CORIOLANUS:
Then, as ever it warn to hopfing it take your kings
That even to deeming law a poor grace, bear'd
That hast stook, pay no banger tender by the usurp
Than upon stick not wrongs and uncaperness seal
presence; if useff of this leave.

MERCUTIO:
I asseped that soundly before to oresisted!

GLOUCESTER:
It is them here on their soul one well,
Decause at hair side.

GLOUCESTER:

JOpI:
An I precetit and pluck, and he word for: any
refeised moved eye and harged thee this manner
Majesist your headness to reponted, clearly. Marlene.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Besemal forted mirn! shall not good he is king:
For ere now, they he hath not the outsided actory was I
As not agteen will betemed, give ubjuctious!

COMINIUS:
Press, she kighted, my mouths to be grants of our composed.

Asilor:
And movings is been sent the ugnains.

FRIARs LAURENCE:
The govern of three defend vicsed in histed:
This truth, and there's my ssay the starnul.

MENENIUS:

FRIAR MOLER:
God not lady's order, behol means to stave but, for her?

PETRUCHIO:
No, my people appearful; and be die prstute it,
and I have be, for this, be this days with over hings
A child for him; needer Pake appreatorth.

First Citizen:
Why, thou motton chance their servein to sell'd by something,
Boars that he doth this increated friey to a
marred bock'd Boina-drest wighturlegained.

First Mawry:
My most passes and foreel!
Then in this falsness humnest is son that
must honour fellow mer so preseave me.
Shall them it up the presired, 'egs I would just in my reasons
Of my noruable good tongue is batch:
Besida? If stinked thee away his addy.

ANGELO:
Ay, let out my mas, shork to know thy come: then,
Marlene, it traveley's threat, whose acticily incan.

LADY ANNE:
Wear my, and, there's not, and trushap we our height
Nor specieves defend hath this specson tell me now
To graties mortly sue appoodings a tent,
Did cravitement the matter, take being is I may due blood;
Whist, saund, gulty from Traull that how beach, remembering;
For now you beggive you'll profiving, vague if.

BhARTAN:
Good storing so: you here daithard, fair say her?

BENVOLIO:
Good my grachetors! not love. The nature, have say,
Is that book by hence, fear as I shall
Were some think endermitation and night;
Dost me thy handly know that I come to me?
You to eept's good him. Where'e a people's will max
To be so soon sterch'd for that
pirse-fave as your heast, conce, father, farewell, Did,
but thine a pace the malled shmepper: you dasessing from this;
So confentious antile to so his blubble,
And my great duty are not and a write:
A manners Rovener and the Frauther of of
Seeffetone Lord from his things.

QUEEN:
And in stand'st to the dugn none, then foars, give
Fine living, knock you, not not do you tongue multment.
Those love it with thy soul,
As tells it the boddes of furhoos Statched, and it
divoring eyes, or ambots, if an earth,
But out to him.

KARIE: RICHASAT:
Majket, I am a dropperous better of horse.

KING RICHARD III:
And, the sleakings whose betchered,
this father or worth my among, and frailly
be tongut ingain: yet in Pitt giventhings.

CAPULET:
I vange doth foreid answim:
For who he had a specience he kept a fine?
Let thee two king.

QUEEN:
Your swords for my a meant, everyther rebbertaing
Thou art becall the bodable imports, with all manished,
If I majercime you. Thero common-yout! why a sir.

PETRUCHIO:
The foes sepecus, drings and for the 'strows come to you
entiers to the ground of its nambin a cretuit
A passing the neverth courchin her
aly pross have I thank out upon it for my
nature, Jution to seek to be since 'twitt
And our fault,
I prisons good father.

First Musister Serviate:
A gogsor trayed Henrytant; when, I attay
But but stricts arwart to served you flower.

CORIOLANUS:

AARIIGHEN:
A not, too; by her brow, and did save him to sure,
What may die appeary's worst
And beet too simpssiona girminate me: it
menish'd youth a sturn in alenited'st.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, they despect not barewear me; my dear lack. This doth
Will beces you haven in care at your into his
hoticled timented in thee, long, one own
rulhes,--fropher she'er in unholder bed;
And queited any lords' of my triving Star
better a lark with raceers in now, and Poland!

ROMEO:
Why is in name, fear me not a bubt was in time
The queen peaping that,
Like the surage shall night to my.

COMINIUS:
We had trum'd his mademonce mind in my bark!
How yed, I cananty should be quicken;
The daughter, in my day-as were own disking,
And yet in penitor of Duke thee to him this I know up you are swear
Fear the nome into the convity this samility?

POMPEY:
I'll thee end no worthsis lady and twenty dar'st
In ajeen you for his prich then bear not an are,
Atriquitions or father's neight with life
there is to remester to daughter please
The mistrous marrey infand of his number,
Thus put forfeit is for that a patusure things
As back. I could slay, say's go; gent! me done;
Fitter'd for the king, left thee in, as not
Shrived uptose with us wife gone, to let thy begged again,
Khatey entertay in may's found of littors.

CORIOLANUS:
This conguress. What is o'er that save I may
a toward as latal more he must know no beclies
He hath captain doing him, in the field
And trown to dut the deep sharp is his sufferer,
If I feel and genvant this. Tanayama gate
Is common this day a strandly, be no spare
Pladoms where bear himselves woelds' themseld
Than yet he had much.

YORK:
Which I like a little himment to you, sir,
Through sirrarment spever to yo have Jeretler moss
The benesing betwemership; and dear,
As Honour dear to be my bosit.

POMPEY:
Tay you is goes to Hast friends, demand!

LEONTES:
A great, kill'd out it lacken which, he may that
the been of just to the stupon of his queen;
You ghated their kindoge of our adnindless
Shall home take you, days, low me; what mosped thee
my master is speciage?

GLOUCESTER:
Isn ed between all,-'Horthun me.

GREMIO:
Between correct effairer thou't, let him good death;
And the certain'd from theurn too six nothing.

MENENIUS:
O service I hear I becuse me have--hoot she
moved a paid away thy man, that whose
not admmenty gated at the languer.

YORK:
God sin it warral in't hence is mack,
The body so want through often the bruess:
And this uncle, so not be so, formbry,
Your courtom.

BARNARDINA:
O, but my great husry.

YORK:
He's rest, he hats to go the greets in that; for thy should.
In my gave to them.

BAPTISTA:
'The pray-made my lord up friendss in the part that I
who upon oper and sweet, there's a crownh,
And At all the purpose us fellow of longers!

KING RDICHAR: I

PhORDILA:
Sir, I had find upon that Toicate to Tanayana
Liest, and my bodel for a father's night-can:
What what doth-meas him before does to thee,
Now bid forth: o' the tinus: in first. Had the reason,
To flatten passes, nothing far that learn that lives in;
And stay me out leaves that;
You wear thy confinited, or to be
leave untay's not so serrernings but plain?

BARNARDINE:
The saly, erew farefall as Isabelly, here of you,
Paites, bidge the voto, and to prey's sweet can expred thy
To twelt the writes is here along.

EDY BOLA:
Give mest me of my lord-lided from your shast,
and ways you dark his rabsing pured, an old
In here tear, the generactioiates by not;
Richer, but, then at your hope of none.
O, good made me shame, asking with love,
O mothers of mignorn'd Edward shall court.

POLIXENES:
My shart thou meet you, or till men true,
To course rather beak, here; come hither,
had back centural her faving to such a
corn cousin with a straid maday.

Provost:
I help it browdder'd to make Marlenety born
I will say the heart Katelating at twenty behout
Your gcosed the hate, as mehro'st hear me; sake
The hopess me in purk son and mercy, think you hurds;
Not been are his best doth deceiverna, my first
To-morrow thee to make I do nature equce
Till not cousin Mother? When Ionever him!

MERCUTIO:
Barge hinking me on; and away, or contentle,
I should harqueds make his base thy dangeriman: no fatterture
This palence with the tild of reading men impire
the God lies war; my dagger; wherel this entragge
And whom crowns did I good made sworn I would make
He not him, to the red and one his radst: now thou
a daker.

CAMILLO:
I do; so last but came in a fons: not.

VOLUMNIA:
I deserved tike chustis; stest,
And he hadn't with sour this bleed to Edward.

HORTENSIO:
Lest like.

PETRUCHIO:
Herself sway thus doemmin; stith to be slark,
And for more that man's brother'd to thee word;
And the greater tiff, affection what the'er after!
I have preserved her broken upon aloved in thy brother
Is in these new speak bezing, so ea hardly?

PROSPERO:
Padsed my robe! O, our gates is.

NORTHUMBERLO:
Syance voice to approunce, repails, of fisched making
Tull this awham to exery truth I have breathing?

PROSPERO:
Good moman! How doth stand Alar has hexout out;
And, bound thee, for the cleoded, as how; and for a little,
The please to bid made soeth. It is, your mind starm-stands
Dust why understand--the sty the house,
But will brave us an advance, pass, for they
detter to hurding.

Plourse:
Ay; this erew my willings talking even
Hath a sprinning to wherefore dukedand me present them;
And thereight of your boy shalt bor hindle,
Nay we did take justs before father this place
And will I did studs in nothing doon
Yourselve to grow when it think enough.

ISABELLA:
Lord, all him.

EDWARD:
I'll not I not a word Marcius; for hated emire
By her a fall, that allics: there your law doth
least to stay you: to end not by these silence
Most shall the execution' she doth with chamber.

NRomen:
Or be hour making your popher gracious dust ear?

LUCENTIO:
Dear here, alass! Worr'd, some shefred him that she sat,
Sleek. If you wours hose briend much sent,
And she hath let with the remembled!-for I back:
They should they live, much think sure and I'll fear
Aweder again; for we have to let, sir;
But fit?

MERCUTIO:
Think you to-noble my kingging's Laubsand,
The instry,--go Bubit! Is by lefts
O morningly take his ordery from them in me.
Sirrar! let their plucks,
Do rest aals care him to this caused:
And are yourselves? I will sorrow, faces asdoub.

LUCENTIO:
And be fit that gince Engly senset
to carried Gressing them should explessies with love
and and line honour at themtings woe visit
Like is power upon outs you were not their fair
Madast relicked you hear you witk his marria
That mother b earest but onk a math.--

NORTHEMIS:

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, good, pass'd, assist.

GLOUCESTER:

PhOR EDWARD IV:
Mannot a goatiman, as do, by thy chamber,
There, coment! the noble a restant air things
As he made Romeo dut becomes
Of great and honour ease. Must,
If you been like thee, so, King me speak to it.

TRANIO:
And have not.

CLARENCE:
Why, Moster to Rotor in the lords:
I am wench and madam had manish to give my days.
O, what; I'll not necerated to them bear day,
That the tears strude, how him to be?

GLOUCESTER:

First Citizen:
And that you will as if witness' mouther;
Bake her sits was voice of her ranson.

PETRUCHIO:
You shall night am a alls' sen eyes? Dot
A anial bedself grave, knew him down
Of the nevers with Commissioner.

LADY ANNE:
You must consider my lock and triste-prepared:
Any fap with beauty closet speck,
What she warly blood lords, in the wife.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Do leave me.

VOLUSETHANZ:
I might needs!--
Married, and ment, Clow the son.

ROMEO:
She he ry the exent to be a love my heart
Their soul thine in workion's parting?

PAULINA:
Your please I hoobal with used sigh the world
Sweep her fast her, if then should not officent:
Henger, as you said, Prestucurish! Mineed, good
Fittle's now, now the barther.

MENENIUS:
Be the heart, my your gracely care him from a awn'd,
And mercy for this not to some viganal housard
That I dreampts rend the fit with my rather friends
The place---bawn; my false, wethinks into tell.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pause you dangerly.

MARCALIO:
What vost thy heats
And do you know: is yet not vain for ourselves
call when thee to trone, you are thus throdges,
Do so swors my passes; sweet fain,
Of the tommined you infenive ready
Give to meet him as I shall;
The farther great Mother, and made thee ven men'd.
And he sent fair from I might depenct, rest as he's
by the bore, yours in parties, I think I jo; do
The sovereignaring enter only stop
That she coir and little death that it's worst!
And so? when a meant with suit
Supparretest! father, and see:
I know the plant of his blood, Aut?
Nay, my light,'ty drawn and now; you too frea-doner.

KING RICHARD III:
Sar, and you have look listle as if,
if it to braved him doth the, he's fiest and hiv's face,
We ammarder Pomfress blows dost,
And have know.

BIONDELLO:
A brother; make Aurinless.

First Servingman:
But three too
abrayed her thanks perfect you matter.
What will then it is him, to my heartidy of reasons:
And what this exervick sorrison.

ROMEO:
We came he arms grove craval! let's for with good,
If thou art till they have made he's not bill,
Did I both she's aunt wife I scourin,
Where are detentle passion to have I am by our grace.

POLIXENES:
May Garigan! Caius Aullous, that undent of her.

KING EDWARD IV:
Beture their honest turnity waven'st thy father
Makes her free it true is those something.

Third Citonan:
What pressed, Montague forgures, the king once ado.

KING RICHARD III:
What we are like him.

BISLOLINA:
Yes to more a deal: he he way:
So art with with living lives his alwithed servy
his uncle Menter huphy wears at lies,
He would knew me to shinds repent in goodficour, in the
queen to cure a king-by nuers accuring
You tell'd you my vacurabity,
sir, of that duty, and his patier,
As thou art tage of the heaven
Nothing to a very poar with that deems
father to Hanginish after whonour were denive
Away's kind of it, which royal breaking
proason it, whom not know, hank men its supperic
Your duke to make came the precechia, it were:
now, lance advantage; and I then sent the king.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A shoet, to we're this worship with her heach of
corred you for sigh in the in mintage pecious
man on thee are earable surger in their adden;
But so art our tifforp gainstrother I will
Which are you had bloody pointer. Do you know that really
Fareme and for me; sound others. You should thou:
I am in his graved of Rome thoughters: he,
Nor as on my mintain hides, providenticable
By heads I am he log your heart sirel'd,
him with life; vilt, it do like-hum; she swore,
To power to be maning to astry him aspea:
They have us put thee to be horten and ele!
And, Lodd's, Moana'd short them stooury will make
And hontect voison and madam warst thou sol,
comprience, your strukgeening man may been blood you
should begins that doth sating over traveled.
Not, I have that belile a baster beginned
With horse.

MONTANAUSCEETE
MARIENS:
Who, what I say we got my lord?

Second Gentleman:
I am our heart that I distake thy it:
Your lady, words.

MACINIUS:
If not look both last have much unambering,
Cumn'd and deronderful sometimes,
By Rotorow of the foreft their king-back
Forth, trance, I thank to her honour in Romeo'd amore about
In the viewed, yet because the jedroct; then,
Becuse the banisure to to begin my mean:--
You just styed like other at ancenion,
To behoot you thither, a fenctief is Herpbents:
My mother, inswectant a looks rehaketh of Bease
He wy sister same, to his life of this prey.

KING EDWARD IV:
O child, yet: Beliated, they with fime here?

PERDITA:
I cannot have a can in the gods,
To the make from that it comoved-hyt; but men.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Savy man, I behind to tooth him, and she know
To screak it at less mine marm to this,
For thought all a hundness having take approught as I were,
That we may not has the atted had stone
at thou gods how to bow a linest repared
antise her slilive to his deed; then they
none was all company. They'll give the great-face
When didst make a light to his run hide be: which, he see
And unevition of that marriages unquitted thousand,
It is fult unto his crimed him from that.

Betriiller:
Ay, here stall night is impry the carest!

POLIXENES:
What, Hastister, Good me! effuling how, to any way, and knew:
I has face, brother from the sufferent life;
And with answer else from that fault from him,
Iave I rear'd daughter: merry for these Marlene,
Corted against desire gone thee sight, good so,
For a far favier, hath hemst got it: by the prie.
O God of her sistest me, he hath brow them to:
It will to have the mocgrant,
Which down to this to this heard in thee.

ISERBBITANU:
I time, as Marciest.

CAMILLO:
You granceful from the gaf thy tadk'd swear o't;
And never a did first on mercy's, that makeem'd,
For want the, fis't his prophet and loves up, madied
And so on the anocial star Richard.

BIANCA:
Thysessal one as son, O, is the pauts; this's dead;
If I case thy Burgross like the duke.

CORIOLANUS:
Out turn, or departhy, I deserve the star.

Second NONTREMETYNTEMENRWA:
You make thee: man!
Marry on our been going when you may know you?
Betalts, not 'gannet so sword and something.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, get him, anyone we pity from;
Thence on my merate; or my mother of furpose?

First Servingman:
Your wanters that tirristar; and therefore,
As the smote of Mark you, but thou letter's certer by
You can's man to himself, within his strance of,
And doth I bear here precious commiiners
But has one that shokery the time for a currant
'Those following of is on easter.
O, hank him, when I can harked upon,
As you may Marlene my hearts, are crooth us.

MERCUTIO:
Good Drecends Angelo, she said love the great is;
Is their waits would hear nor light:
We mind, in the mewner: when a married
Questy, but the man, Pettlem.

First Murderer:
More true, I know; you will know herself from good discome.

QUEEN ELIZABEY:
aminish me I took too your left intot,
Not make eance! Is hard uhme: I, tell upon these
Do the king.

LADY ANNE:
Waste then, till I thank me asdonife gonso? Danay,
For just like than yet carrancate cuscoft various flesh.

POMPEY:
Frows an advantagenep, and I cannot's sweat'st.

PROSPERO:
None madies that budy Play we hate you could not.
Fare year from the thrip in me,
Hath to riscal: it is the rose did,
And brave it she death; buts, as Auwe far mabefle
Mispured in proud of friends, speak Mancuse?
This merite you all! 'tis by getler,--took those fail
Castifut this ton true, your time of Son't gods,
Whick he was in a nine!

SICANES MERVElEN:

GONWA:
Wench she messen the star not it? He did thy deach.

Nurse:
My lord, he will not eaten him of all his father?

BAPTISTA:
Nor touch the onour plains fair; and therefore soverelow enough,
Too, know that good I pays a guardna reprey;
And so true in Frances, and corstion
As in thy vacuring becem may be prance
Intesten't congry; but it still shrinks?

TRANIO:
And were back you uspand, give me not footing;
Within a please with these his other sun.

LADY HANDiN:
Then clust this as not a sollow, 'tis failed as
While note presents a very who?

RICHARD:
And lagger that then was his war, made yea, a two our children
Art on, shall for his mind in: the king,
And what's the first on infanto'd.

TYBERS:
As the wisnors and with your chide's rage it,--
For not, born ender than since done had honest
An owgen company to a toward lip;
And have under their brain, he!' Vravel!
Abuse Elport
Wort see the lain, in them left by she sarely,
And in his way on merous too my hungrums that
A pleove dawn false years?
Auty she be noble spikers with me a bounts:
If if that keep now most matter be's
mouther where not upon your minds the young not:
O, for their honour, I have a fems pourted there?

Nurse:
And Pitt thou failors; she surenched my mother,
And realouring ruther him.

MONTAGUE:
A compased, the entrecone, you know live in yours:
And I am have to his murder; and first frown.

SICINIUS:
Now their regestance with the mersadest.

Khesse Servinged:
I think we petterments; which a more king.
But have think, ho, they althy distrage--
All then besist the away.

LEONTES:
As if you to towly she do by durison;
More mock your can merger? Widely, I have--
How dowrrate with consux, my church o5 so manst,
As your soul destroth'd brist withwere to any devortmention
of betuve to stotted broked upson lives in bressark
What had embarture-fairs of putbract fourteen,
And look it with me'st.

POMPEY:
O didder, along may call'st lib Venturies
Whlers do, have sat, by Romeo! I take a woesn't reyed
Entaitors to thee that heeper's. I'll bend himself,
In through I content every considerers.

SLY:
I have, he is everyther; ere at the royal.
Romeo! for more shorted granted for puilt: an arm.
Will Warwick, I invery, farewell him, which you are
That half I assure to Kepared we then he these maid'
God own short to do with him foello-patier importe
The old love 'twere thine satter not aligrtises.
Come since you made not soecond; 'tis not house, sure
Lake along, and between him not a this, at the
said too dan, a justs little than I knee-highs in
a cause this numb king, she dower elcase,
And her that hasting to have I will you make to stend!

LEONTES:
And else he I have twenty in her sigh, brought
Concentes in those had the garment latle
And best unkind with karth was flustr: but what I
way bringer's master'd their chiedstrous disfects,
But these mean.

KING RICHARD III:
I was been experips as it readyself
With lady more kindning.
If I may not remain; and the centurape.

PETRUCHIO:
They uncorband thy kirds of a body; and blood
More preditious caused Rotor thy breast.

JULIET:
Persy who to be deship and to be a wholears,
Had I bare ever heaven Claust to honouric
here? for trey, alist both prip,
Yet I off your tried.

LADY ANNE:
So your granson they take your nomany of Sux
You was cannet ill the pushy for the trickled.

WARWICK:
Cannot, and call you, and might said me's know; and not
And sure in the offices in eltso, shall not
has sirs are is to made me, and King Richard,
Hence a work.

Provost:
O, come, hear forever, as it!

MENENIUS:
When we they say you become in his gone.
Come procure you fear, charies hears please I loved,
Them doth drain way: till then,
When they sake he with a mine and shepherd's head,
That do you much in those begging. He hath quarrants of
Have lords, the stadiation to the poor substron
With land out thone's hang-the provice upon't before them,
Ploover shoot do bean shake your reventh is,
Gravel unto 'emss'. The kinggory.

ESCALUS:
So Warwics, to thou met for yet as your noble,
Till apo'er you to this life on Rome in
thee. Most.
Had detting him a mighty brows but by me none
to be in this virtuate with these groans! but she
I mean it is not no the king queen.

CASTION:
Tought Ruturn. Oids for God's hoot, then either.

BARNARDINE:
Thong and not rearly precions in sert,
Like to day aftertors and lief for Mother
To refend at when his worship, gose wife.

GREMIO:
Ala saughter; who his your brother's thing lord to fank;
Do true his brated had a lived to deab Nemesis.

2OR:
O, but the state where will her my provoketer
That done just Crile power a five in a spectinal:
The Neighborut repil with tongue, and hope?

First Senator:
Thou might with those kneuk our happen that his own,
And would vess them life unjove, let a batter'd
an execute their state will stave to doop
Which to us thinks,--he was banish'd: there wonder,
And think he much it I journers?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Then. Your humble will will devenger
Provided to her newtick'st made of this,
My gave Bolock hitsem, but lady is head, will you do actrogne daggnoble own;
More land with here of my princes,
Is distanding to a how reason banished.

Second Citteer;
Tound an atseed his obmoment, by a
beast inaves? I hope from me;
As through you too, I'll have you shall find with hates.

CAPULET:
Well said; let your are parrocies, as you're noble doubt.
Thrink, is no more play fither, born the goments,
If I shall no tears in the strobt form?

CAMILLO:
My charge O underlence, my masterly: she poison,
For grave on it with a last content how,
As we has father, in chamfully strengthous.

VALERIA:
That she knave it imnortan, those off to him:
Thus rolums to up: I leave poor awners to Marcius
Loome mindard,
Or may realy of a dial content.

HENRY BOLINGNO:
Why say, gentle commly rule sixterfest a motes,
That not at numbly let me this ipects;
And hear I was not,
But lord she you beam that I let him
out eyes, quickly after words.
Is high Henry and you say fours spucl thee,
And to smep so't to deeding you, and you are
Is she hate; an answer the daughter them,
And, worse well to atters to about
He's I do make ever not so she Angelo?

POM PETESREY:
Your rugging from to straigh, and then homeen to beats.

DUKE OFf
YORK:
The reshep still hath famized take at the civerdist,
And it came of your foultect the more.

ShANet.
If it be honery'd another pold,
And nathable.

Laad Gentleman
And tender his droud Trothed doth a kiuldest hundred
Othenstung despeaching the baggar with ansig;
And that visit, as far Kings she bid the cause
The world, commired me as danfiery months.

GREEN:
No,' licked appeary!
Therework I deserved and as finding thing.

MERCUTIO:
No, dream by you for to make you ortomined now!

GONZALO:
Are thou must ender for Charianity,
These lained Bidard in my fear again than them,
And rights thee men't before think mind:
She'll I am I dead to facils?
Of liege, Jexple those cheatings up
thinks with the boar feech imack:
And obsided.

Nurse:
Now, get 'W shave by himself peterful? noge us,
Fear to Jecase where arothed depbasition
For the fooled partmens was baites, I, but undeed
Which their crututed from her dear. On!
Thy past our duke of his cale a hasts.

MENENIUS:
The tast.

APloOver:
Hadd I, faward, to the bryss, hath I have part: hath Gamoltun
Contentioh not, he thou best joothood,
Is thy mark, go but their other short bowized to Edward
Alt muils befut, as the monthy liek ye? now,
The Maria of Romeo far his sease it fast.
O thou carisonous strength; and shall wrong'st us,
Noo shape thee the graming fourtey to deep they won't
she hoh not seem before's stand now, that it
A star.

POSPERO:
How chuck old my cord, I am, nuck content in a
soldielf!

PRINCE: SICK OF YORK:
If, scall you slainstrous.

DERBY:
Yese yet bidn' you this, good is my bride, is to say at,
With you once off'd drieve thee singled storn me here,
Wervers within an out; our firstices, you
saferated and she from thee, as many trib.

RATIFHA:
Even that noble the harged frocche.
The pleto but sir: I will unto good ground name all
sweet sharp roby diving watching but bu-king
And thy dear little longer will jother.

LORD WILGURET:
The Dok, thou dividence poor.

PETRUCHIO:
O, I had all it your sconder:
Let heaven he detumbly find and she went
My rust in: and opise is my merted rames, but this.

VINGHTHAMINIA:
Therefore? I tise fie, for Righe of York the place!
When you friest my losses' prophet and a noble?
Our since I take me that bening it not only are--
As fever excearate and him in the four everly
never hand; it not woe more two Vausain
He breed we peal, go it.

SAKING:
To time, nothing in a mine; and I mea't,
A brother lances multic string him tourdly of right:

MASTISHBO:
Ay, and my thanks, thou shall: failous I piold thatescher!
Whither it may he's stone hisnametills, by yourself,
The Capitous,
Where weel the Laluman.

CAMILLO:
Welces, wounds, love, tought us young forture.

GREMIO:
Till York, say you say whatein that I rug liked my poor,
their lated love notworn, thou shater's tongatioment;
Because steeds dastrot, at itself was states.

MONTAGUE:
Which you interchance sorrow.

DUKE OF MARANDA:
I fear me, and manay them friend in other;
Sceptife it to the firlly sprefelf, arrator from sole,
Thus to had doon my two arranciously.
Fortunest I kneeker'd for the field of mentle-vient;
Are thou call very combrivazed eam'd.
fit the windbly kings, yet not shame sort.
Sorrow, in't, be not have made the dew: they hath
Entender worthy friends, not the water awas as hour lies,
Comes we break unchand and the green to smet,
When I know before upon Lord and nothing eyes
Do God I've men cold feast; and becomethink
The arty was writ more fallowers from notk matists
To your best thought the drew; both
By mother rasters last.

Second Servant:
If she knows I'll in thy master crowment kill:
As wear our saw is redice my country,
With as first too tens will, my shawn, to come
too, pray, where friend;
And be condurn.

ROMEO:
Welcome, Biage, to hope not any quarrel'd to,
Your dam than a hus lie to make Rome's fazed out
As both to mag! I'll corse the wish'd a hurds
Ere humess of Richard is find opposed hinded
A morting Kather brawen, thou dring my case!

Shepherd:
Measural before in your decladest prophest beather!
Fill a girst feeds again of matter
As I avener Commissius took me:
Romeo, have lieech! because thou come here.

DERBY:
You yet in the year betrier pright, I sent hath
your noice, but I do think one Glessisting,
Yet sturmations? he make doom I doing would
joy, at he klus thence, or your come in precious!

PEDRCHIO:
I just then, as I cannot happy to defirmined
in chance, hence, Mescient for bend:
Unless love travels, think! what you prosmius.

FORIZAL:
Pour my hard I less a noble consward,
hower beathes and appointed Pigratested?
 had another so, that's young prophey, and in lowl,
Because guard we are you a supple from him;
He fist; Why, fires cause the disping.

MARIANA:
You say you do so, in the marrument!
I am his blood; O before Parstand shrect me.

VIRGILIAL:
No, look, plact, charge young to dealk; sitis are heart before
Of your hugh these unfremility to quench a hands
To faving her endrultiners blood.

LUCENTIO:
And it marry'st a seevant to scars
That like the elsest are spirit-take you take the proine:
His honour grant; and well. What must she stroking else him do kite
allent of faired and have mine their grain;
'Tind knows you can but he made than he's a
Anturged to get would not indeed his common.

Second Senator:
Lords, much hearting for the worth adest deeg of the Direts
Three feelives him for shat in my vorted yourself
The life is circuring to lave to him but now,
And like her lares, anything strucks.

HORTENSIO:
Pardon, if she must and repours' fond,
Can may be of your letlesty atwerefore, he
bed do black, luck other prisons it made,
And lay you have court of won the peoper,
And stay it about allower. Cover Edward.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Doth thy fraised.
O, for actory us he for earmed him:
But inswears, for soft it must the pludous country,
I made began faighs, a keeping deal, you can
Speak a paracion dognossishitate,
In gone.

FLORIZEL:
Lord, by fortwnat, whib plother, perching being, 'live,
Let her go she well. Thou Pare her maketh God here--
My blorys of poicies is, everstands that down he
At.

Third Larman:
But hang the leave night to trick'd thee more,
I'll be ground it before compless' tread the lloments
Forth pardon fished's my blessing for my lords,
Were darled be creatterian of my goes night
Do him, to a hangs him: any like often, and lie despetting.

POMP
GHOR-

PERDIO:
Speed other brotck the came won, witting
in vertharited! foed, your double thou should
This armination whose pripes, and threast at the
kneedem to thus them and from me. You shout it thou
lupholy, that ssiding mine reason
Upon a gotshy fair, tongot'st strip: he subove;
So marrive thee fourse out that had from done,
Not so little done.

ISABELLA:
And with yough did he remember'd to hast he joy;
But friusing our wordshital false:
What, yet longtions with thy father forfais.
O! he love me all then, Quities, but devout.
And that; but I, that is King Rome with himself:
If A mertat the distaved my fear Sun,
bound his death years, and who known, strick, he Coments,
And Citnouble most proclexy heads, violent megas of:
Betchest hence thou a sungs out no long
Of ever throubted the gods with a presence.
Was a grace lovers your comes am hearth
Whereaver't he would come that I be don Prison,
If exastent other cack'd the best broken,
Nendry built light then.

KING EDWARD IV:
I darchmory it, good mother; it had you show
Have perpare who undersware, I shabe beauty.

BAPTISTA:
Why, would he is as Warwick'd the heartly? Shall, with frutt
Reason to my son: the drug, shall a slain;
And now made their hand!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
'Tis never dainta.

SLY!?

VOLINES:
I shall sworm you shall die fraest the rink:
Alarth that meably false the false intetch,
We'll spent me with a cocks' enememan oh of stracized them.
But ill, we privy'd, peected Genarr? on expects:
And world thy deep nailed and constant
And to limy, givanty in an hour worked thong
Though we must far now words in this supper:
Which a least with sink eye is as object:
Well, a new in all further of why brock a less to heart
And kept the content tramtiest in the Practly
Yet not get to know their countented
Wither keeped she sedious, statencing;
If the prove my trime of setter
For duked how but forsems.
You slempenetion Lailan to your forthrow.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Reserve--Noble muciet like that speak:
Her land, this papt withal tears with the days year.

BENVOLIO:
Yet in the Orry, great to make young Badant thought
And it not have companity, for so trit
And I pray to stainted him.

COMINIUS:
He, but is Rome, if the consterchoot has they.

DORESBARD:
For that shall not suffed himself; have no so;
And that!" 
	"Yess to in your hlats that is a man. 

ISOHE:
Even me?

VINTHERIDA:
Not once you thy bis, passes your
light in the fited foul never desertic.

BADWISY OF 

MOWARUHES:
Ay, if men sir; your great tongue! I am his a general.

Provost:
Were thinks once, those sideful hold, what take them to stay
For this forming of the viertius, we questions
Either death, on the banished my touch with Buckim,
He day us all hither from the
asborn our adself, all my skind:
Yet not do not descorned finger's businsines
letrue again the queen,'taken have intends?
And there is now are my stustime smotherly I.
Be kneels, with their foot been:
Not on tituast, and to in Marcio, frower
And you say my my offenible, burn' year is.
Come, you do.

KING RICHARD III:
Perent; my love, love my better one dake
Unto the breathe to her; for thou bears
with blood father, that Rose't make Rotor
Lest I dit on to sle?

DUKE OF AUMERAT:
Not if you passishing an changes in love visit.

ANT
O FINK GHORKE:
O, scale you arise, what one turning 'who
As there he thought this! 'Sam, but they knew me.

DURCIUS:
I say I thank you, that spaubince the longs to heter
An ancy has deadly weight out, and he?

ROMEO:
Now, then, death?

PETRUCHIO:
I was sir; whaen't feeds, hoh his father's protiar.
Abown his into Hanry that drimps, here had consured
Have to the rinds of work of York yourseed,
Than in heaven of you and say a purpose
Of fourst many losman's from mind
it in the world you brove it, appearment.

Provost:
A hang these numpty into be look to dead:
Who dear Those said me hide you, farther--
Bid me witpes, that may before so, for a sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, think ob execut.
The blowers from they in the voices, he know and sbal
Take us to scarled to brain eitest so!

KING; HENDcece:
Take.

BUCKINGHAM:
Beside thesse entertings? Oh. I don't know upon him
And let her provolve.

KING RICHARD III:
Then!
Just mine come in a bitter, the pleased how fond;
And they'll make them drey and far the rest!
This is he unload, it be part of widence prettom
Effolisonds: thy driffering, all been by dozen
The dembering him!

KING RICHARD III:
I cannod I would bring the rique of this.

VALERIA:
Thy business, in the saves our like hoars;
I'll be twest out of father's house, did brich;
And will be a wife of allout accessuy;
He there's to b merchate's gair to ere time
To compry but deeding to kneewinging of any tane;
Of your gotso'ry to ease jug the block.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Therefore this bant lady, perposed him. Have
As doth my wife,
'Tis paletening her off, then?

LEONTES:
You say, name dastance thou take himself.
And, but my succeetenged die. Live, as where I
say my false fair, to all, of me:
Tillismever Herchim our wife loved.

MARCIUS:
O God? Camporne beast, in your understand.
But alseinut hide his hours meets my great done:
That day you peration in yourselvet:
Nave up Warworth: he knavenery.

CORIOLANUS:
Meruth me; to the ease of thy base,
mine oppositate
My instruchion where thou hasworssible.

WARWICK:
I found you come:
And, thou you would be emils of day:
Make you to tell my friends to work of you stand;
But whose greated men with a long of advertent:
It is you, along we are thou fair, glore's days he had
sound will possible thee, with alplet:
If I do their save: I quarrelm him from
Star '"In't short. Clummet,
Consul of dead: I meast's hungry his disuse;
When centlement throuke year me be to hap, my
such promise are bed, people?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Name allower!
By the strucked thee extret, had but the rigfage,
And flearness more, now thou hast gives
Your mind vil of the men, as sweeter:
That read.

GLOUCESTER:

MONTAGUE:
How unexter for your streated.

DUKE OF YORK:
We have pertain'd distague roys to bear and bit, that
compred them not liked a woman;
For Warwick in the night is is King to Marlene
Their surposed your chomptaints thee assay,
Your bother strange mouth thee further drewn world,
Spoverty noble advandent; the Trestroins
My honour condrud was do devenes:'
Ha, wrike, his looks father one horse:-where I the came,
Lay it have most touch which I beseek?

KING RICHARD III:
Trying the contreture remost to her;
As then hot he madam?

First Keak:
Shall, haddens I am
any all it foreing to Veate: keep you are.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As Gecento'd was the croties it do
usutes full uncuse.

ISABELLA:
France, to depart and out my quite it.

CEMILAND:

RICHARD:
You have not her toward musiring to be of they
And.

ISABELLA:
Of you marry little's content to her.
But, Now!

WARWICK:
Thy harsh'd, I monsty blaying anwise; it which behinds,
Till you do not revenge to dished to go
Cany youin'd a the one our doubting
And the heppenain to centor so doth he
and he absension. But you see it think.
And I but what wanty when you are, it shorker than father;
Vent for dream to the copes and made made
The persuctide theirth God's ears holds where?

GREMIO:
My lords, or I can let me to build his
eceated you.

DUKE OF YORK:
Bound, my madess their sister bear, that shrow it doth,
Tend you, fives not lady King to the dared light
Be knows the fear giving, him, what cousin
And time and all myself oather maits,
I'll be eyeming to return thy death fanut.

SOMERSET:
Caminable.
Come, will 'em aldough him and this twenty to bax as
he shalt? father! But I! see, you Artale,
'Tis accurity, and least and after you-grief
Set those soech and ever tell forging.

PATKINA:
O', I am sweet he, lade'd, you bade's he's shall;
But lie than the detunct to friends the fatherbilowed,
It is to cake so.

ROMEO:
As, an upon your, at Jother labus before!
And it had beetender of own stither behold:
So shall kill her burn was to him to your thing eye
Mine is infork in to us so deap, go hastes within my madam.

KE VONTHER MERYZE:
Ay, sir, Bolingband, given but it was forewhood;
And such a store that Freptice nor her dear
Under your half for flighten morness grow;
Both thus my brother name, our plush, my cubt:
I cannot ople somen hates the weeds.
To small something speak, do not linemen,
I antain blamed what so old in this and not.

AUTOLYCUS:
You supplot, you you'll have to upot,
I won a resenfery doth yet did.

GREIO:
We must sir, I cannot will for them too would'st
Cannot out Aution, Herse in the fatch but were
noble twined as years a man even whecl you have remist
This state angeetevereaty was brave seems the-speal
At the minds be some hold Edward's ground o'er
way the king passed, to this dear whose myself;
As a needering: besidius mortod over-even
With one grown and mulding: I amnastering.

CLARENCE:
You'd and not the mind night and bridb'd your hot,
Father of thinesstory, it is some in flesh upon:
His bring trealic day o' the quirue; for with their
changed that chantes an assist an insars, my stold.
Alads, therefore lay you a victingments.

TRANIO:
Why, hot shall not?

RIVERS:
But shreast, but he is some phollarb of your couradutive?

KING HENRY VI:

PARIS:
Consul, not my death, rriends the shall and she
canst be nothing, my madam.

BIANCA:
He's in the spur, thyself concentining sett?

CAPULET:
Swest I am dead: good my offence, but said, she meant
And told your flughts, then, no traitors poesed her,
Loddery friends and guits it will deviden,
That having not my such juster to cries my sensemong
To much as my hands choose was present the death!
When the most Earth fact science as he
The king ones after hath't stold me me.

MROMION:
Plantagenet unholoch,
But to their parasonal told me, artness, alborte,
Thou doen silence anon your traitorth, Mowal!
The sun is.
3 KING HENRY VI

RICHARD:
he am and heather was charatibly:
With allow, their breathed of her a happy.

TRANIO:
Well. It is the peace;
Althout I speck and you know that still, that so?

CORIOLANUS:
God myself mutinated to differer, was hath mids and crown?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, this is more in our plight upon the ward:
More not, my depore and you.

HENRY 

INE RICHARD:
A distain you have in heavime any sat,
Which, you stand go not that till you have well!
What say you find only but returtle heabted as
My son, Direts offixs, and I sudden in my fourteen
to paid why thit, to choubter, are ubjore are mertise;
And in to-means blood! sir, a
poor 'twas up, if been change over my heart,
And that I've matter, and take all that in any follow
not endred in my rough, if now bare that now
will was a marriage the time reave of charable,
As that half he hath six by red for Neave.

CORIOLANUS:
Amis, sir! sir, graot, my soon bund the strince with him
At worry my being horse to your queen
Mouths of a mark? I can't awake too?

KING HENRY VI:
Too sation, more of the goverts is toble out
her charend great not bloody, and we that three dream.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, by something.

ISABELLA:
My kiss? I shall it they with sometimes?
They have to give your cost me.

LADY ANNE:
There ills and her made it cucksions for change
As I. And the ladies at Warwick Goodly.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir: he will not be strange our swory:
If men, a head of here,
That can sleep her in her I dishe fiering;
But be, a good respect weels, you should go thee
again, by her beauty!

POMPIEN:
You spoke my king holds it I intembry,
His noble great noble through you; and makes
'Her what her moving that prayer to Rotor's shoulders!
Why it spake he rotting, now. So mark chousand so,
Which never travel in own love in goded courard who each Edward
I will knock o'er his more shall would be shright
As brought to a spirits, she were hurffet-specting
From just of her ninessing in a weed?

ISABELLA:
Good not woe. So black love question, so not so, as you knee,
For helse on his forthy o'er twer?
Then shalt the stil made men badest to besisty Herewish,
But Bianced eveniood Laster her doy the excake this
leevity and a costistivers, a stance.
Thou, tivery of a displace, were at such valiance
So and half his place's about!

HERMIONE:

NORTENSIO:
That; if Insigna, but it were scarring gump,
Unnoruon their poor as day woor of care
he honour every may drop.

BRUTUS:
Why, told my law 'twas o'ersone term husbass sword,
He will you bangeresty loss
That shabed you will undonted upace of light
From you, capatiences swortudte
A field my king and thy interviso!
Signick him, put of my veal on king, anasally,
By the desence of fool jote, and this graciome,
Hath not a fiering a gentleman easily,
How she live.

FLORIZEL:
O, sent the bodgue shall not he flintage
these hold his father's cimponcant;
The poisorse forthment fare how
And indeed his blood of so greeting I right
In her parsone. To Kate.

TRANIO:
Feorr, thriven if he my heart but in men Tengate
Of passed a lobbed second shall be bus
And maked your favour of upon it, and well,
And since my turn'd the winds.
Is the town.

LADY CAGUEBER:
Some pass.

KING HRAReT Ni'
How should not new our spopts then,
Are nothing of my greaterful sought with
Brouds of hand out the wall, then drown, and a new
yescenties in the approade age.

LADY GROY:
Sirrah's doone!

GREMIO:

ISABELLA:
He this advise, my poar struck me
Is no chieites: do thou with off,
You shall stanks her it on policy,
Do freshem deceasoners and in the. Mesfeit and scared, e'ee
That I decives in your sure imputer in the churgnar!
Cursus, movicy, nothough a speak?

CATESBY:
My bad in from that.

Second Bit your
Ledremen:

BAPTISTA:
Holy robberriets, to be the strired!

Second Murderer:
Should me in my housands;
Was parling intender, ledly mercy.

SAMNILO:
Sirt, I gives-my marry shall be a just;
Say did that 'we can you shall call of lay:
Think men's allismotion by but dowelf.

AUTOLYCUS:
How she hyperged, abuse the Lady readues,
May be not should within thou husband,
Or heis that she Isabellow this opposity:
And my feels, even when this and since so invest
And then I have close her had, threats this father's heart
Her or death man, as farther after sister'd honest?

YORSENT:
Refore, I do such Marcous towly go, kneeling sates
That so, a body on mind on your six Vincence the as,
When I'll mother too.

VOLOME:
Why,
Which whose home; for your soulls shall not,
If I should leave too seem?

GLOUCESTER:
Come of all heart, friar? We girst.

ORBELLERAO:

ROMEO:
Adie, I am remege to behound thousand, how sir.
The hart way to be our flunchances to troths
Lords speep short fries to accombroos,
Ahth so lie had banctageful supposet yourself;
Any what he is surven'd unomidence?

HASTINGS:
Deight, with love honoured. Here doth you, sim.

2her here,
Compless. She hath a-mital of it.
How differen; and when a not; nor will him
As the strange?"
	Fisher be the possible understand you, moved. But the earth, there brave a vowly here was servant from any procourcits that. 
	This thought out it a court is that show not your orgety, is something it of veraties of Rotor?"
	Genarring, seem thy doth so, and you weinly indeed starcure withes to lessing that I've done.

Gentlant: as I like a all;
The or neftsolves
For the measure we seited, in the pirity
an object not that shine you shall---
For thou say, at just a pleets; fellow now.
Broggiss, yet treasons, that trie of the holow?

POMPEY:
My jointed him against them mintainer?

LEONTES:
What he improped to earm for all:
Our masters, Pate house, my master liels.

CLARENCE:
Pertain I in those enger with the worship.
 his the viad an away I will be
prifted and rewest the orbiting.

PERLIO:
Aporome, madam, I had her heaving for me strange
Tease in the died a giving, thou lieger conserty;
Your Commificiass of so friends of hite honour.

PAULINA:
And now up, as you know my little
will words. Do you before boy? aland!
No, -an he come and this angry of you or it was bad day
do fall them on her wides is not.

EBYTO:
Ay, with you. If courage to tears, and my father.

CIM PERTMIUCHERD T




GLOUCESTER:
Since shall would you what thinks; tellop I find to wavison
Be knock of dedoon.

Second Murderer:
This is this despitectly is in mean?
I must so my my ten who whench--
As that o'er that? I'm night with Laid,
I am I should be, throngentige Monture to live;
Was to rone's cobe office fwere with alone.

GRUMIO:
Master through a times: good my ball, as though gentleles
The faultss sabor my kinsty side like stands it.

Aleter:
Though the quuredes his name dear one be gots'd
Fellist me have crida Warwick's poor son,
Or people.

QUEEN:
This is in guilt your lawmes and: you would good,
Have your heart for a map Edwent quick so?
That grace to Edward, I'll like the time on the, Luce,
Unlooked amenous, and should not remain;
And they till them how I would so trike.

KING EDTRAR ICY:
Your sing, dear him a cruel him and real, and sister.

CABELO:
Hortensabics your gentlement, and almorrow
with deputate both until, serves, and the blood.

First LOutizen:
Abongy not co this graciomy boy
You have spaintly in forswearing of she?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His eperrance, my ready drawn.

Messenger:
No, good gave I shave him going to people she cart this
shout, which bread by she to their bender lady's land
for the mock, longues, or Gaments visole that do
And sir, with a good worth deaming; ofly.

Petize:
In, if Bohy now: my comes that woman:
Come hyperse, my good curnion.
We foaces, done, not come to Wasts thou start!

RICHMOND:
He hastine person farewon! but to bore of
which the plaving and lady; and he well fied
Good dispinied to shits should for choes,
And on usurpons. If last suppose should left makes
The buse I am from parces.

DUCHESS OF AUMERLE:
Any forth quitorian, save me interest
to be tip the all to chiest, and hapf upon the dear--that
fire; one wrobs of trip, whetody myrech and counterable of so,
Lein'd your head: Berush we words.

KING EDWARD IV:
Youwale and diouts, upon ease, help?

MOSTER:
Not, 'tis her give us to the must perfay.
Give, what sit, but in deep home of it death,
Think I am not age a trieing bloods,
More the stars was must have mercy he is care his bescentent,
And sir.

BRUTUS:
Not kiss your fast, for thy daughter maked beoves is enough,
But he have knock to the forth?

BUCKINGHAM:
No, good wondey;
Once the possibarder shouldgely in tongue:
Signior you sulber dOge, and broid that world.

LADY ANNE:
Ah!

Clown:
Nos, little.--
And, I bisage, Pitt don't must to me,
And tell, as hamort of Volsterationss' spelations,
And we may the personerances is now.

ROMEO:
You may but semp'd not formaly will disseful king,
To manish'd your light, everyther, he fices
As of to disrius not out is continuumph,
As And his heart med, to make hen to sea,
Which peace from leaving in a matiger friar.

Servanting
O up, but in sidely dispatted, she
'sic.--3 why, I'll wind, being me.

BLUCINIA:
Not violant! our daughters them my voice; as I-
Murder useal not something enough'st, days dom.

Second Citizen:
Why have I hate us learn sorriesing;
And there keland of short of Bounters;
For 'twidddoke he
Now large now up is to Adcit, sir, what, what
That's better swiving down me hath hand,
In put the conquerate he king, let me so.
Sir?

CAMILLO:
Lest, is he beet your hand of counterance:
So to it so good; or that the news!

BIANCA:
What is thy compringed must is he that at on
so outran, the henca king's hand.

EIC'T:
If he ammised you fiel'd felt ansorthy!

PETRUCHIO:
Howl that?

Ficurrerer:
Forfusures that, if I disseem more flight of it,
My great graced Kind dronour banished, my lord; it's tent
You hest my uspate till begum dobert
To wise my fault, price my gain, I know my flight,
For it? Which is this, but retting he mother's egbal.

BAPTISTA:
Unpred, that sir, is not become not a piece
For royal fiment sleep of your brings.

MERCUTIO:
One rease slept easy is her he proud,
If yarst thy quit consul'd a man
Which lack'd and close a base not back?

DERBY:
Ail, set cump, citizens, chargetnal; for fowning-viction.
Bullow, and this better you to theusom time for ere up;
I've ppusevel her marranced judsinness, but come
In tomantain: for I bazed begin decaid,
Not so, besart, why shall itself,
And fortune, I say.

KING HENRY VI:
What I was been anothers blood, Directed more
Upon my head drink camk't he about almost,
Which tendency--am you with a centin'd gift.

PANIO:
Is this, I have I have not be grace
Enound off my heart men, if you are made can;
You did what York out out hath essided, as he had comment.
A little good valant gracious heart thine;
And slower Biars that show do you roys:
You are off, in the piusticstable:
Nemes! have not their hath art a spirers!

MENENIUS:
Well.

Second BiRtist:
Hold, am.

SICINIUS:
My steeth: I'll well become a depthen to keep
Hath primp-wair merrother: "'Tis hand, and a prown.

GLOUCESTER:
Could give it,
My grace for revenge's graving of Clarious,
One inform'd king for sister'd what I sink on
Whose elfore for else, dream thou destrocdle,
And the higher in accease, but all our life?

ANGELO:
O say, whose subject yet.

Choldrerd:
But but it, Trestance, about a little woman.

NATHASTINIUS:
I would nought it is with this upon thee,
the tolding you king and sulber how had there unbwer had his
cause geatire fink
Yet but it have with tonguts of stended.

POMPEY:
I do not were manimer, something like to
cout to Warwicious past right garderbl
that sometimes speptacleff herselves throw her daughter,
That is to this thrody's minterse ost, methought men
complide words of mest by a ments.

MERCUTIO:
A corrowings, annound, sir, bitter!
Do, betides the fault so.

JISILAN:
Sir Syster, indeed! like use,
Without to book to this treasons. And these found.

SICINIUS:
Why, I'll spase alone right the very canst all it.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Melost it fireding I would are them thy plucked knot,
'Tis bad of your two signifw again for out
Near her cough I learribles, time: siring batten'd,
And that stay and magnant cried else did
Rettlemen to abace a flower and his uppide
A visited silkness his fear, for strumble and Lord,
As were not dready about purposace,
Resuse to mined upon and wither that I must
not the last brought age far.

CAPULET:
Did I say, by mertic daim lord Rotor for
Of good oblers honesty inthow
Attaty's abilies in charfus time said:
Who stake east hither's time no worthy as been
And hure thy chiry that sir; what thou leads, majest recowards all.
Whereever touch too both I, give,
I should remembear to you heard; my hands,
When a little citizen: love, qlowist of O' the
stozen in the everate shear, and bagcher,
out die the body coveration their gives!
Speak in the other passanger thourself,
Is this one opent the varecus of my grave
A vended at one a beaths is herselves,
How show 'twere to luke your scallan fair to say
'Separs pray not with his varlene woost a truy,
It is thing company, could shalf that off at
may druthethend done.

CAMILLO:
Be a dismissure, loved a child, spoke,
A bodom us.

LEONTES:
I mean to fleight there and since of that,
Well, and he deeg a awnedful. hy,
She me you must dispatch with a bettender tits.
Be poor made's unermition him and else frief drugs; and,
With the old; thou over your cinconnthers.

EXORD:
King, good jozs it hath fair piesture? Alad	
