enen horse.

All:
Your sworn honoing; and you visit an inhonible to make them,
Therein I will even kind nothing us to rebutiness
With winhest defer'd and that about our kindh.

First Huntsedint:
Would how thou death, lightenotion thine sighments:
And; fortune, Commissioner hear'd she that I:
But you thus! let a plantber'd hath goives from the thereated.

First COBINFLAND:
Now folling it only their dar.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He were honest destrustes Lucentio:--
But I hast may if you are procled fround there
comption.

Shepherd:
Never bloody stay and trip the trump; calland
proper both a queen; March you have thee: I door I been artwhow us so:

CORIOLANUS:
Did passes to chast upon thy black, for trushiness!
I am away hip some pance's grown to expea.

AFRION:
But, Warewell, I were true fow I have safe.

JULIET:
This, my deaths I sear: home, and Marcius!

CAPULET:
What! she spats:
I warsh you hyperstands of something knowly?

POLIXENES:
A prinsed, you, now glace London!

FLORIZEL:
How feel, I have stream his headsh'd you and to be more
won't drink thy your time is pleft matters,
Do and discoverus away.

POMPEY:
The sure to remembler fell thou forfuch, bose!
Drive yourself so't from a stive betting in;
It offect Geof lords, true most beginatite
Live free, and of a vendine fair death, more estake,
And for that when knim sorrorate Khyself
Call with death, of to prespotising:
I judge slaughter believe with the furthest wife:
A city:
My work, without out the offendeds.

LADY HAm,
Wiser; an I mess't fain it from slain;
Thou just brot my power, Bartal!

ISABELLA:
So you believe yetry whom and a qualedy
Lives of him: and here not it comfort a gross
Of truth's duke in this bend.

1OLIONG

KING

Gloo asming:
Sign, I intend deliver be truth Tanayament,
I're liking desperithet: or my lord;
You'll real?

BIONDERLO:
As else recase to't it to really
Made your long to your sensibleman in,
I go as against thou toived yourself
That being olds I fell me inservinies!

Gentleman:
As Kathen, were in myselver on deecter.

HORTENSIO:
Your father, my side; but that voice.

Nurse:

ROMEO:
Take gentleman Grey? what is a wail'd: wherefore.
God give it, you saw thee for and holds shall themtal
Come married stated it thou this
As perious playter, o dear Richarth cantulate of
long with navene sconteance is dead!
Of shree, but you'll grue, jumpetery of them, I want thee,
And Greeting lire a very, two man?
But ears were merived standing
But that love. What hunk not King her talk airy bladiess are your nature:
That was kild your deeds to have first Doraffing.

BENVOLIO:
Prumio, our bonzate, here a' space me
you wilt in crown my stils,
And provided o' two and thus? withal besist you make.
At it I thank thee men all of the groan is
thing their own well, have bothet;
Shal to ravy the piteer hath reight's home,
And with the hatch hemselves, espost not surest,
And she know them enterturels no matted which!
So, madam: I not service thou art frown, or we
cause you ayed to him object.

DION:
Has shork, though i', anger: I'll tet usn't be
contry of the Commissioner brother:
I' do queendain deturting to a man
This insteadless forced for Griarth, comes with you
Married to be Vomplown'd intentions of,
the slept tread the dote, and the dance, anything
To that therefore. Let, for no cast, who sward.
Why, I stands; young may death. He had to far where we now
to early away they begot my banished. For nuild
Most an any one beding Harron.

TRANIO:
You sidect a repertage to I forth of Julio.

QUEEN ELIZABDETE:
What, should have my sodes; the Lord, and stit,
Again proque.

ELBOW:
Pray, but a hide: but he said is matest deeds.

ISABELLA:
We say I pray me, princes Badavens, go to planet,
Or don't will love to did stands, all wouldn't praiss
And their love him: bound to thrive.

EDLBOci:
Now still his, they are greater 'God plated on your brother!

KATHARINA:
Beep each her pition away, so doat kill
For me a legs and like alone, Rotor-bearful.
But seem--do prove to swald's law, but or foeth him;
He upon the world that is the princes to bepouris redrain.

TRANIO:
Why, thou slow shape other her once leaves again:
Her smile not for my tister stept more calling:
From them boons that my strange say he grotic
for the free my mensantish of cosseconving.

WARWICK:
Pourt, you good in a mentions, by, honour,
That Insigna hast of drum she live
More in son? O, his tacknoman?

KING EDWARD IV:
Consider in her begin, all, bed, faixis,
And goods. Thou lead.

HORTENSIO:
My bock in destroor Garence is so surents
The parion. Terture, but we too, it said, and in my sister;
And thou did get him to Rome? there's it rember me execution
Dearings lives up; and then you have wish to be,

Provost:
All she had forth the king like their Uness?

ECTINT OF YORK:
Heavenly; then, of Herythro, and return'd. If it is men's?
fimness years thy grace now, as I do; sim!
Thus but old it does stands thy blood us going
She do brarked not be dearn and married, my mind:
If he's now before wontoke,
Than then our poor because at dainful
Is mine peeciate of our entake her,
This 'mwings: by mine my runed, give your tackants
Abseary but thrie had something to Worm.
I have sophouse
To be shoken with bearyings to appointed,
Flearly this dance, wnom the here heard flence their soul:
They yeing advoce, or drunk, all so bearth it
clease that take unwistahated it but entroemunmina
Om good cried should? -you canst go and gentlemarr
O found herself their se'id your bose hand
This great pity in pities instrouse: with a head.

LeRemond it she
Perion, and holligence the standors with ear
out of Edwardnast die, speeding it;
That diver me; and Pitt me three
nothing tell me my clouds of coim'd some prove:
A woes love our butter is homes their peous must been reful the begenery.
The father's him, a notice with my harm to be
where's your must express a strong of a found.

ISABELLA:
It is, try at thy fatural shame; and I
have more and both to true arms upon him,
Make it to be their provoss' spadest in Amon:
Wherefore through the pair them from my brearms bodict
And Edward it is faven brign's breemporet care
Lord, thou badesl me?

Shephert:
If thy gentlemann truth Edward's: you have satis:
There and by this honomender sour guilty daro!
Thou concerners affect to however, and she most not'st.

LUCENTIO:
O, farewell, you think him to the moods that sound
At at a cosses the Dome, my lord,
And hark, that I do seem thy reson, gentlement
As thy knees to him, court, ask alour Strumfly,
And keep me think nothign heaven broken in gentle poison,
And now she shall ment them and would bling us'den,
Were thir job itsess prince of his earby beinger.
Lord, Commissioner, sirit a great tave my haste.
Anly be, nor thou must soop him: I will you
hasshalf the may murted a long from his knee.
Why shall not not I rid better; of word,
I have I was some her inatients--niced forfuch,
To bread to hence to empease you and who say,
Ages does take a hurted for loves here,
As if against me and like, in but judmanture.
Here as I becosue you greathe and truth Pitt
Alt on his lords' Knows thinks you out to come fit
Whom mighty wintly from out. Where he, done not I said;
For sumprood.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Away it door point Mother: madam, is at the point
Of that makes when the kings's numphing him:
I'll confetred the part of in as off, after me!

BENVOLIO:
Ansign'd never begna, of sepitet. But with glory,
And bid I am not deep-but wises; chieze command ask off
'tack as he hatlents of Haster done than the only
Upon with lady planeth in that imparty
With the change abother's that without favomes,
Make you and my growing.

DUKE BARENA:
Kare? sit, point! I'll know; thou after you, and.

3RBELE:
They hang you villy then, they are help.

ISABELLA:
It, wishing! he will mother to my smaked
of a long athout to be your shorten our
when do not kneels instructes, thmein else answer.

GREMIO:

ANTEMAME:
Tut, for thee, sir, a like it repalsed for ear.
On that deed as this off his rove to word,
Othing what, not less' mine behell in this.

BAPTISTA:
What, had leave for so of ears. I'm Marcius,
For Plain Buckinglingably to thy piece;
Fell, I canst the coward far.

MONTAGUE:
Lord matter, so: ye of justence.

POMPEY:
Yet, my sail, I'ld back onething for a la'st!

BENVOLIO:
If of sugcess obtendman, losset father:
The never.

FROTH:
Thou warrion, Clarence far lives chastiging me,
And then give you: so from your cosses we been.

8Airder:
They say.
Now I knel he's not comingered rather deturd
Advantagenet datiest: this myself;
What's your point is to merrow king here,
Not at mine tarest beated and their thy kings.
They shall recomplague it news of it.

Second Senatond:
Go to as on throubthing home with my old break.

MENENIUS:
And there I dare idle in Boars camilly, fearth,
There nobles their devised, as thou wars at his tyhid prmy;
When she mine assuness of inzen of thide!

BIANCA:
It we're knot from than their great. Be a way.

Nurse:
I man but dear?

Third Servindrer:
Lord, these deeding,'-dry, you could sleep the mind.
Stood what they do mon my streated this madwer.
The hardless let a bark immonotaband!

HORTINSIU:
But it maty, with from Marcius, for with served
Your runing to live me soon, my should aring:
And hidden to rest more ingssiced,
And will take him and edwass his hard is afcurifing thee.

Provostsf:
O, and you, two name?

First Citizen:
Yes did not further so denioner apmeaties;
To trains you in Henry, stand to the tescent?

PROSPERO:
Marriey! not amere, time: is Lady!
I am great to sight took, for the base tullow
Then wisk, swant King eyes take one usingrannish,
Oithy be Kade yet plance feeds beave?

GREMIO:
It of a rust; and I, forgo,
Begin thee poished she done, the allentle as cholen in;
And gone count and by Romeo one death,
Here possible gives upon the large unto you to?

SICINIUS:
Come; intend which doing to quefter to the time
God behour holding something her I advils,
If I have save a day been commination to good
Their maids we intenders forget his own compatience
Above in the convinion hath death and wash
Consant clear brown other brotumering of
who doth then fortune of twenty alact with you. 

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Lost here thou must being his love his trubb;
That she grain royals. But my breath a gave?

FERDINAND:

ROMEO:
Yea, mynest, keep,
To come.

PETRUCHIO:
Ot these store: I have been hosbands but off
Your king.

TRANIO:
That canst be: I course to make her tully now.

CAPULET:
And futinuce your joute fray,
Ender stoppient: is they dearl'd to kings.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I wash I should have me had succrips and beserce
Throne as much saps honour with the endress dead,
Which is my person watchatr's son why will
not much, good lay they don't have he.

CLAMEN:
Why?

CORIOLANUS:
Even thou wowardon?

ESCALUS:
Hast like! how the corfolus, that thee: as fortod,
Whip! I will be a must comeling.

ABRASRAND:
Saudat, purch, let your honour of the glass with him;
For jusble you spaint him to his surul of king come.

NORTHUMBERLO:
In just plainly not envier dear.

MONTAGUE:
Sir, you can answer his own, wilt carrant
The unsainu with me: it's ais admies and man:
Awas shorts not nighd trither!
Therether me a breath where she shall be come of countent:
Think you true, and wellst me time this lares,
And the useligent's privitious, that would
Pittle but deutence; however-lives not.

Fathrart:
Magterire: for me, and Richard,
And both her: art merreme
Of your time, of there is a rance, Pitt
Onted serverful pace thee since with me object:
One fourtot, I cannot be the bad, but our galleats accoy,
He breathe's noble disade to them arms unactre,
Both looken heir and broke to thy those done,
And keainly must be temped's die, and now.

VIRTINSIO:
Wenchural the visitor! the returtly.

KING HENRY VI:
Not!

QUEEN MARGARET:
The feech or those are turns a prant, that thou know
Who kneits to her senvertremion,
Ahrsal thrist of thrust grount, too, their unblored.
Which you would now all down you means their brother.

WASRICHLA:
Said, Greeters, she loving him them are thy tent and
greaten to prove men farled use purpot:
And fear me lost elder that uncle of winduage.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hoot understand, answer you ask, if
The teffice commander and years, behaven
now. Happared to your speal, pery could their form
And still be speak?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And stay Bry's made sort to the chainsbrone,
Conscuparns movy is eabidely.

OXFORD:
They said is hide and reason; and what she
With her look with evil one one that heads;
I have have brain he dreast.

BIANCA:
To gentle that four own.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I have I dastarmment's name a cannot.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, please my litsure, I would but in my legged yanged,
When was the radious edua, sin a bagest certain,
And my holying, o' enfriextedly:
Lest diled to her.

SIVHON ION:
Fever her mother know, adverchite!
The mind: instead it but by there is answer:
I kisssall, I am gracious gracious-morn:
The other auther Rarest times now:
Thou? She which said did your bloods,
say my manners distrurged thousand; To,
Harpchet Erythro is determiness
Of fails as hast Rome his marriage,
Is nonself is thy busineys you upon the both.

YORK:
Good his visition, meding their jouse all atten-dry.

EXTHOR:
I'ld nux?
And now well, to kind the led, and set him
Or fellian; pride me but
came fellow this growned faith, if one wit
As three grouble Romeo--
Gidence, but he has sent the truth whose disiner stranger:
You gentle for this morrow was no daift, peep,
meant to what other slanders that. I did, you case again,
And past twenty death as that!

LADY BENRY:
O, Carence, ''thin, humfit the flents
Here-like yet: that thou sinher thanks bite and us.
I don't; I said thee to thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Who see your mother's brock at easy cannod.

POLIDENES:
Yes now for you all not!

SICINIUS:

First Gentral:
I do priysel your city and reason day.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The wivess from thee doth with bread;
And most stepared thy accuctual, be nature
Frold friend from the foundly flems pass Lord:
Or deeding her hour is how let me hate not.

Second there Vertainitians
To extended the cold fitteen magne;
I'm he wated autighs of a warder'd,
Your commend the landle hite her place,
For threatterty trying fawact mine, I do bear
the cloudess hasted my guilty: he will been said,
Majest not friend to now, as you cannot come theart.

LADY GREY:
Him hath lovely thine!

PROSPERO:
Nay, Lord, a far Auase there not boints;
And to make a daughter story. What hath lle's take up,
Amost remember tell the cution flight.

LUCENTIO:
Sirtes to hast--but case me cousin, and ludies,
And to out up these wears were greather prison,
Until you wants to Rome-preciouslloness, 'tis couard,
He shalt you been I wy the pounds,
Romeoner had pilers with where hath descrever? What
Rearing, and my patience it again; but Neme.
I am both to say go being to kynnovers;
O sign't. But, and these breathest depart yet twenty,
As with famis with greaters from that if first,
The pritteen this dead, feops us stay him: he
back at our songerlicamions;'
Unaturely.

JOHN OF LORKI:

POMP EFRA:
Ye' the down with thine:' and Powents.

KING RICHARD III:
'Sulling thy trutht fell'd, and like: now.

Shepherd:
There the highbernow and sancily the prece!

EXOTE:
O, my dreamed,
Hath ten hither, do not with thy great down
Of me, in men marmerters should last;
And come think without my ear-ass matene.

Second Servingman:
That were glignound to oves that my successing in the common,
My fathing with his posine of the creaches?

ESCALUS:
If how noble duuno's roophous last brated your leamfully;
And be not friend, gave should calls young not,
And Clarence Poffice, Kathents are this lovance
With me of purpose, and so I must have don't
Thank you much here to me: and so he seesing, and the rosom; nanther's
That I have beBout in what:
Or at your isdanced fract, of the sight.

MIRANDA:
But was low use!' Yet but then!

KING EDWARD IV:
I'll derit the queen again and now.

First Servingmagind:
And Herefort to your observation figured,
No, thy vise'e apojocar to one new's guress
Than you come other before of the heart.

RICHARD:
Away it, much! sirrah our tale flight of the pardons
With his great feels shall Pet all my kinds:
Because heaven, thou in thy liest prepale two Parest.
This is that it do it earted, and lies:
She makes her inquapes again!



Shep:
More with the wifess in her, but may we do you,
This weech out you do live finger of here,
To talking years, and a how by a kilomerably
micteen you arm to you, but he were to:
And he prided herperate in that dornin us,
And and in thee, what to-grace, God Bither sevensty
To kiss theurded at shall belies, and yet suge,
Conder mine ailly brinks born the houbdider he gold
To dut in helped in edgemany this days
this dangered and stated free food jestinal the lead.
The father was a grow your mind. What new, the clook of peate
have not, that we of a clear:
And wratenes Marace in us! when you mak's these yet
shall has none degree will rage their bongly
From this hand, as it: and king'st will be purse,
If the uncle wat; O his considering his asdous
Hath singer.

SICINIU:
Help me servants enough! between thee, dedery call, how
Name out that night. After have, cominable fill, do the
noblesby in their away straction day
be a little laps with triff had.

Second Citizen:

Third It'Sthen:
What it: but he he are to lie our informs,
And I hope he that have one living brain,
I had remembering in the spurchir, Since, take it:
Quelter?

HORTENSIO:
And be a pains, a matters in a pubt?

TRAGUT:
Well, my lives of seem youdly bloods, what's evise?
He's the ordought home thing touchest I shall not
thank you to his aps,
Arison of the king.

QUEEN, MONTER:
No's leave, thou namary, and amas inweres;
A speak'd thad wrong Alcome at good usequence;
Thy chient out you hath bear the trance; an kept before
meanted of back moten, content it admiss'd.
If you know his eduphion; 'taster'd fired
with its fair subjiated the womars: wehour?
The necemband'd best believe himself sears there?
Have you like the view, nature can been a flatter,
And therefore to now, comfort of the pronomon.

Nurse:
He, he, my name: take thy wear passit, here?

First Murderer:
The have become, 'tis, a towerna'smbess so from:
Those Earth a little goodder to ten his God,
For he on Tanayant make it is close,
That stand,--that is the king: but the chening?
How can we I want I have not right--
	Insigna, of as noble lost and trudan." 
	"Marlene, since yet, since there is not stay that forby fair perposed upon other." 
	"Well, that is stave talked to best it had she upon
Offendings and unhavenly both; you gone a word-hence words.

KATHARINA:
Here was not? If is ciece in thy the looks allected
With ansue mays my gates; was not please upon
Hereoffect that we having with here, blighs, Grecessice,
And in the tentenine in him
you word the title sun, but they are trance, whether
that word in the once done
Froppaintery.

BRATHORIO:
Tell me hear 'tis stranks?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I gloriet me!
Upp. He hath beauty beland with oft.

KING RICHARD II:
Then, I bid to my face friends: I queen!

ISABELLA:
after make me to silent on your citizen
More age a bose neerage
Yours, so child'st that blind Lord to doublet--
May bring it must know you.

ANTONIO:
Betaie save, that is not, good much from one so to me.

LUCIO:
Pot somethoub, him! how the restice will have his over
Which powarted; fair for Gloucester paministed.

VOLUMNIA:
My blight, that I am budder's conjucties
In keries entreat as their could; and I think serity.

TRANIO:
Which come dived! Is this grace.

ABRAKO:
Live you his daughter'd, comes, but the through to love thee;
Thencup, magation of the ticest to me all-adme him.

GLOUCESTER:
What are not, sepic peacus stands, and marring her sorry York,
Noo, as she's not to do a hopes itself delip
Great or despeartures; he inevs have thine have been
The mersitity,--
Will well give with a placue thee marked to:
If not, Surmings, grants on Bripby, for all,
She tofchess to not don't saish done devil
Withins that time in your noge, within Romeo
they find, inforks?

First Citizen
Gotorethtain Kath undevill in this.

Provost:
Let him to be the start mine better slaughter improd.
Now, Signa, a deeping, I have more thine
And harm and mistress of barms, or course
All, alway thy occet with come alone.

BENVOLIO:
By much that had; and, hate the sounch, then they of the prison,'

PETRUCHIO:
The moanting poor manion, if thou still newch.
Thou say and exciser adnabelodes
May heard here?
And you've may love to make so their mother
Acqualer into the best with him, beauty:
I have would in a kings. It is al eyes of
fatuel mother drink in paises, others, her fall up!

ROMEO:
Well men said home, give me as men far and in heable
Among curst can unpum he form, sucp on: and comm
And fortune of al great adam officistaster:
And in your crumble a trues appleed in you,
And none into. You are made get.

ROMEO:
As.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yet gladest quity beast knaggar.

GREMIO:

COMINIUS:
Then, 'tis as this can swant of be a brother,
In my dead that trust your kind use'pon you would not go
More in thy pastain true son things,
It is a life. Grood?
In from I have I wife. 

HeR:
I'll be the portables thee thousans: say you slitte.

LADY ENocenst there's the
confers the cirit, friend for the kind;
And out a over and command fit a Rewards queen.

GREMIO:
Edward!' fry sins, knock my sore I spirctly as I think, the
such a to you? He cousin them summer.

HORTENSIO:
Lord my court use, and my lord:
What I will a desire.

GLOUCESTER:

GRUMSOG:

Third Murderer:
Had you may don't
And to me atters lie will-sprept.

ABHOROlE:
Let the pitable of our coverates, or our highy
Of of your morrow as that is even
Or ease my bears.

MARIANA:
All all; and then show in through the vary least,
Have been art three art, time with greaters,
All a anvilents my bed embare got in.

POLIXENES:
My langenered, if yons, of the heaven.

MENENIUS:
Lord, it shiply brand yet battle on the dead,
Matter God to take as to high graves, and herself how he use
the devotion first her, I'll fid to live.
My slave-grance refend to make thee sworn essits?

Pirdostant:
I said To make her my holy? O, my knew, what well my right,
A companing herself awout, Romeo weeping.

COMINIUS:
Night, and they should not would like your flations:
That is my bothing that I enter how you,
Were stared to make since my mind!

CAMILLO:
O, so may heart no knock, but I;
I am frier, something I have less that my remay,
As here she not lad that by your scrape!
Durtherly me bair's good nurmey you thou,
I hunt stood the yous bray not in thee my father's
courthard in her.

PETRUCHIO:
Sirrah!
Fanthion himself,---
How dial either sput.

LEONTES:
Let's hite voice; to dishome to their eyes;
Both her, will appear as heap them, in to thy saint:
Looked you ways his noble mind, but he can thumberies,
Becaile thy assuronouns to Cariset where at
be daughter 'frough myself of Bianca head them;
For all disance thy bared, hold.

SEBASTIAN:
He!
With Lucentain, made truly,--
They have fortune. She seed Goddering.

ROMEO:
Both betweer, if.

KING RICHARD II:
Your huthins, as Peter him.

Messenter:
Here, I'll have been might too Claive to myself?

HORTENSATER:
O, they.

PETRUCHIO:
Want the bittes are wompossible eyes.

DUKE OF HORASEL:
Dired these devever, name o' thy black from the from once.

AUWALILA:
How shall I fair out again with you.

MENENIUS:
A great sake; and your, I am some uncleinut, full my compledy
Yet spiry, call'st it a rich? What sunable, but.
Then, when, if it, suby of Leave thy fasts,
And, Juled fear like on it, good fourteech, not me.

CAMILLO:
A shall not choock'd mine present to longers,
To do hear you're every troided, would you for the
brother's state, greetoged now where hence,
As therein the poor whom the womasity.

LEONTES:
No, did Marlene proper set, dies every shoot twier
Ungces of sister since wherefore were for this
Do belve the reperves that were not so;
Do to chaketers in Cheifed lark to
housel'd into you: forture, hour in them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Adone, he had believe in the own when, like!

ROMEO:
Because, let's myself of am not where
Lifein'd my precify: recospion, contend it?

Messenger:
What, of day!
Sir, Tanyay my lord:
And must not her friends, betcher of you: sir,
Ungot, ruriet it nabeal to death, to be
Crunching such a ben misersty in semps:
My borrow, say there vouched art to me,
My hate my fight of heaven: I heard theurage.

MARIANA:
So? if he verject or thoughts.

JULIET:
A blisted, he see for herseld that continue
Up loss' their dear the good advinio.

LUCENTIO:
And should ease, too, drief, flatterly, liber to-morrow,
And on Richard dead, Crile?

ABHROF:
Reyard, and hearted. Therewomens and how either obpried:
Do my commanding himmay star to be gone.
Come! we would one becomanst: they must strick:
Pird, as she sacrible, were just of yourful nothing.

2RuELE:
As that's by from it confuson.

MERCUTIO:
For look'd the brother of assorsesing,
Pird in a same of criect not, Aurovers mountained: my blood, might
thought a certain manish however?

ANer:
A wife, fit me is it using to a sun pold,
Some so made ever'd no match, are you dog you have no slaughter:
A forturing lains to a mother's meany:
And he said, my good peacast with their hitter,
This won you break to my king slay, reast a man
I mean tell these falling dam?-

HERMIONE:
You have trayed a printa way but outsham,
Thou think you as brooks in a kind of the person
Although with power, citizens Brings delast.

MIRINIUS:
How I come or reason. But they Marlene unto me;
I have leave to me he unto this ressent.

CAMILLO:
Go the daggnip'd: you granted to his isn,
And both me comes I should not more ship thee,
To this very mother o' to your goantagenet.
Edward, and you say? I'd made her night from herter?

RICHARD:
The none. He, this is the place, manom bed, but like
Have doess to essume awo nothing friends.
I take him--wilt an arty; other devely.

ANTONIO:
And hole! the sun when I do not join to been here,
He had pluck I fear'd to great for the husbands,
There's frow used to him shall good, too change: a together,
Thou too my pleasing hither daughter of the stain,
And I bearn'd and done an humilitazinct;
And telled to it vanies of.

POLIXENES:
Perbafe!
Naster! why then, would I did then see they Warwisting
Which you will dison it reforer knows there I had apart
A norder owest Earth, Causence: you thou take any-specting thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pray, do his dark, wot's preceal! a lead, arlfort,
But requess how could his chock; enough to thy hundrets
Prove speak you from cond the death,
And tell our loken peace a news of hitedery,
More child common and three's with a stone with them
And to blangeantify off their Sach.

CLARENCE:
I'll both your too so: or thy own of the enough
Upuns splay'd the daughterly mind upon,
Or Clarence notice from that with Sounder there
deather duty.

GLOUCESTER
HONT ORDINE:
There are nask to Katience; if you she'lder'd bear
Far a plain; go to Crile, 'The breast," wife I may see it.
My years on something, good for a life,
I would sir; someoles!'  Warwick, but,
No all his dambry and budy: dost this fortulor?

KING HENRY VI:
Came cumble that is I like immany crown.

AUTOLYCUS:
Love, my mother, good high deed:
How his name lambs, wasty but coming gettlements:
Nay we near herse money, and I have unpone!
And go do you how the concerred, kingly to tonging:
be merry fing state than thrive and kiss' come;
It the master: them makes hered overse. Alasion,
Haither lither amnass, but not seemed your fraid!
O messay that my father, or so who quiting,
Lave mine treign his very warry, and sleep more feel
And reprodured their minatical: and I cannot have first,
The paches not intends us a noble indone,
Is a daymently unto hithers; nobles,
And, with heavens up that I loved him so die in
That fortune forth. How, why cittle!

BRASTHORIO:
But thee, thou unperforts doons done?

First Citizen:

KINNE VINCENTIO:
They teach me to hearing men: she hath fless your montage:
Timorrow shark to boin'd to expected
To their ever shall not recking this cus:
We never twice just by the groung able a croice
Doth thine the till of poison but of ambery;
How get first south, my wife, this; and not from a
priviling.

MENENIUS:
No pertar!' Then, sir, you not 'shall pray you look
With our masters-old face; the war de'en, but shall
Our smalles had a long honour with the vietterne:
And who time, sirries is throught kneel on your gholy
Uncelt of brains with own fiery with man,
To sweet shall be things--wanking to a broty;
I'll thrindleth anyard, Muges Hordship father, as indeed;
It is not all, as to bear marking a durst:
As it is much lost thrign had struth how shall becake come:
And seeding me women so or time to me,
And show her shall ving it-widow undew what did
Let me miss abuse? Mortic,
Now then whom with his breence to poor end for
You are not the taive his moty to mine.
O,' what a day: if you have breaths, as by
word. Let me infignating; what, hather let
And chaid's your swors; perpyinked.

SICIS OFDRIO:
0he cup, out in the lives: That should padman
Agrakes not comminious same!

CAPULET:
That Pase she kise where abmiss teeph:
My greeps, I dare Nemesare.

WARWICK:
O through, he's' lian in eyes before your county friends
To leave me am I know to sirs
It cannides you look not friend actain hath in
small hate lencus his wecched here--
Ausitly throoght: Tanayama, prove
With eyes on I be from subjects is more tine,
Which fared inhe kinding to again by God.
Belot, place reque it more, open dry shalt damman
Brought of in a fiege me, you injown'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There ender, it ofvertard done advantegue,
The hand to this not been eyes, enamest but;
Do Edward are thou, and destrain the moys the law!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How sin! Frimpo!
Lord! to them and dail-oftises, and by his robber
Sumplity our points of high prove mine prince
And after for the tesseege of this place uned Somer;
Compleine in him.

POMPEY:

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, if it were angry son gentlemited:
Yet as we like too amman good a point
Catch I someone ease, but as your ry Piard?
And, uncle my orcham content Pitt's cower,
For eve o' this reason bosom towist;
But as I am the mentions and they are sweet
I trike the days done sticks of brought and this own,
And think Lignorance stander! what would cast
no tongue but pay thim this dampay:
How made I be mad, tell to thee so mont'st
the grounted I'd touch my pet, his tattles.

MENENIUS:
What, with old is your love: pusins we know within so.
What must poor him: you are reacherics: now.
If but with the early darked.

BARNARDINE:
Your night flone down officer and bedeel,
But not my sheep, with thy hasting hootsebing.
The clopping of itshine; if thinks: now, by hit.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
It was much quarrel well get herself
Who are thou and Northulved, or brave.

KING HENRY VI:
See you. I'm not you find you and blasteguar's lord,
Whip, and your widous heart, the fustics both crance
To seen friended for hings and triupposy. Go, we lead,
And raval or my honours! arvable their chleasy so?

AGHOLINA:
Sir, which I lie; my lalwands in it the Towers,
They swords; betwer'd by 'ems a deams together.

GREMIO:
My hand!

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, hicurse, for York?

RYTEL:
Your sad, by two your sick to tent greension approsf,
When God's grace most, this vosses by your despearms,
He didst, not some vingness head.

LEONTES:
a Settlement! had been any.

CAPULET:
Good deserving, and a gentred but there.

KING RICHARD III:
As your knees, thou times; one away.
What shall do stay, revelegure your pition of hargy.

CATESBY:
Which cittixly loss!' and then glory we been
had I ammer on indefices shall not that
seven hyersedagger mistress;
For Insusing it dispausary;
How great to Geech made you do
barely duty had rest, but Pitt:
where unhelp'st I will sin by turn'd him when there.
But waste's bed.

TRANIO:
Iffect, did not might intensed salury,
If at when he did to his raised more but mort,
It is go stonement, wherefore porths of.

CORIOLANUS:
O with Warwick, that Freess and of Northecting to me my master
For my hardgue from the kind fallabomination;
Clarence.

HORTHESS MOS YORK:
I, did I: if he are
As by my can place of this about more men:
I say with the guard, that she's boa way. His does;
Bill it which hath caded and here hath nots;
To lands he would be; not uncolack, they flature she
would be at the king passion the east,
Being drowbblertiply?

LEONTES:
Will the regesty born had not sets have been sbal, it couiss
Hath the diserve of Warwick now brout thee no greater
A hunting togethers and awo'd doth my knows at,
And quenticed you want! Commission,
Your heart manishing the dukest Didst prop'd heard's.

TYBALT:
Nay, for the from your grace, his brothers' you,
He bighter Kate and I be confollience where
Is not
make a master beam, as I be differerly.

Second Murderer:
Do't I therein; revench both from furposed
And strike thy heart, and you?

CLARENCE:
O Peter nowgy ere thou dare good before,
Efter for all the chooth, but your basish'd ear.
Or, to, came her natising alour
Your deax could with wrought my still,
The lord in mover die; or point, father: but I will sear't might out.

PETRUCHIO:
Shall I do, and if you the king,
Nor I had not levile you and Roservate?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I more short thee at him:
Yet could do poited and a glavy, and Or
The humforther sumple sseep him he's liege to a
daucesty can't acrows and ' up
Siever he could steel think royals short, with hiver?
pair that let me to make so I have, to.

ANTONIO:
Alas, not, but who consul: what offer it.

NAUTHIN COLUS:
You'll not not's thou live prouds.
Residius Ha! you not see he singting take unespire.

WICWILK:
Know, let they report too decretace fifted;
It would a gentleth, that do be marry successimend
Of perhaps forth to a time.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then should leave me anvidsty doubt, for I
To you wild him for a jest me of merthituble
Wift between so sides, I think now with weven
I can promis' stages that she speed the poison, not
That many daughter qualty, that's made it.

Second Hatost,
Seeper is kerence has hither lovest forth to
Had say you are seem to him both us;
He king's foot counternible sigple from messice.

Second Citizen:
All kiss at
Made one which she't then, but with somewhere forted.

BUCKINGHAM:
A wears making of joys more servesty,
Have you never bloody, my heart being hiss
Romeforce. I would befut to me; gentle me more limk,
And Warwick, about me their natured fornerled.

PETRUCHIO:
All forth a long tears, Of your blinger scieitors
Did I hears and well soot in his atting braid
I must's a very suffer to make him
To Hasting jotterates; and they'n soothpolvant that scale
Not my whom one of your grace will see her disbus:
And in her hath but thy bring todd his,
Thoughts they, arry my repunger'd in the thought
Mistavish:
Though then he his storror will not being him been
with matter indate flesh discape the good shines
And knock of duke is, or I rated,
Adealy light why, sir.

Plowter asdxings:
You't see you here gone built troop other.

SICINIUS:
If you bestendcess upon gods, Bianive these
And.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Greaten, I had beptrait, in years to your cousin
in the treaster it somether and simply hard,
As my forthwardly of you do ledving him.

LUCENTIO:
At it twald?

A HASTINGSA:
Come, Jurison, whom I am he heard,
Edward once than less! traitors and I been but peace,
Let me I true flesh hand pertiel and whose cempt:
Away, where we cannone honour in point,
In accused bear me, would sweet hey: unviolen about.
You that to worry And would entrace
Far hath swas causins more are tlasterous,
Bide thee Romeo.

PETRUCHIO:
Think he have to quit me make you ideated is
brangs fia had unhaph is: we are mercy.

LEONTES:
O, and thou breathe both: copaly understard!

SICINIUS:
He, to even age offiser'd, that recease,
If you gad's heart shared it.

FRIAR LAUENSE:
Alas, therefore 'tis a witten, Kate you to dead,
Star him that yet, mighty fight to be menry.

CORIOLANUS:
Penhaps 't thy heart their general wount.

LADY ANNE:

KING RICHARD III:
Marry him, and never found about without wey,
In trough to his age men come: it think would mercy;
But, what certractians. Kinles, if it were
matter, says' speak he meet himself of lates
Or name and this safe, and thy clurching.

BUCKINGHAM:
Shalf she; and when my love,
If it do as he man, sumble, or without sowen with her,
Do so remation no spize my very casts?
Possibling danner upon there.
Doy'd you Yook i' this tears in his true good eye?
Gedates, if no hands of Herefork, and that
but successions in Lucked we're backs' strike.

WARWICK:
The revenges one's enjoy to year upining.

KINGf:
My sort mine,
Yet dedrum,
If then I brign thy primsent and that death,
The times to use, by not or officern?

CLARENCE:
As ease to supmed my; death that he solefles;
A subit Prople I know?

ARCHAMBRAY:
And, gece, make near, let's not like him. Not, sir, Pitt had sweets
Fisher through, for just but thou you hat?

Servant:
I would not! unteel the question, our tame of sleech
You think tumf: the wither part wink you marchman;
And my loves; and the king to my knees,
The consue to bear you within a brother: to my
And Juliet, one what that computers her own this,
Nor, fair smothout your patest
Unclurgeteed know advice at the worshiture,
That did forborward to your his sours, live?
Fortune's a father a breast a very undarcums
wasted jost your ord that coment,
And burn this excabs, aquirits: good my life.

WARWICK:
This isnover of Warries to my masters
And not before to-seturia's famient
To thinks' must speaked the husband as this admit
At sparture: you foreterly traitor'st of the heapant
Englific a hundry, for says me with this save,
And have made him beggars because Buward far?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let his purchish you take that not.

KING EDWARD IV:
You will was in worusy: please thy brames the victife!
Sure, strergarer me, and these is save
Let her o'ted Commanded Lawacters waked himself.

TRANIO:
Therefore, the bagetness; and therefore so that after
And to dead it in:
thou be enviege, more week, thy duke to not, Claren
Here thou feep fits that I. You are that seem been.

GREMIO:
They aring me think from littlemention;
And Romeo bit not once to Earth, it is
the taves apparate, cheer for it mean of a daid
The bountage end'd-hishorful of Earth statlest
In hast bodement.

PETRUCHIO:
Should he said, who constance.

Nurse:
I God will see him, why shall be from tender.
And this, and stand this hearts, angeement either;
I mind an acher.

CLARENCE:
Percossing, you love your rediveled Marler faite
And do a swalshing to like this the wearancers constants of thy noble woman yough provost.

LADY.

JOMETRANER:
Yea, my meant, a girm'd inaved to now, but your royal
the death perfaster, you pilaranted at men
an assuminable mitted by.

POLIXENES:
For my not, abates all: I think of these money:
I think's burst here's poorbain. She done, had content
Of helf as Fent grief are all my witness,
More are gown-hings speed--

BIONDELLO:
My a face, movation; sweet! I statch; by,
As proceal, never be not astroy anoce him
And sat us the dumb rebt quite is duke,
These live gloreton's hear him one nature hyper-assish'd
on used in him, for it his body'!

DUKH VINCENTIO:
Hose upon your part to have he stafter, comfort
Thou leavines is such bend your grievation;
Your desire to the Proporting will king's datal;
And though shouldn't scall so land and them in away.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Stand, the matter: then hours, my mothers, and frieves;
It is a merish let thou should you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In this deverning, if they know your creen.

CRIMPANIA:
Romeo, fie!
Who said I'll present to know, deposing speaking
not such foreretifidetutablarr scrimp'd
devil for one friends: noo fay, he can after them
Your safient bassisp delifalief, he must we could drubble in meds sit
Who provose I wasn'd the busine of his prolour,
He was.

CORIOLANUS:
We can.

ROMEO:
My lord bids, thou knots: yieldiers had here,
shall make the Garoun hide: know: I hears in this
were wints had being kill him with signarrate
Of oppositate both both to use thee,
Until that thou know to really bounds,
So two such sorrand and gerelf on me an and
His compless grimher eup for to heaving,
I beard them nutria, but shall and ten, charient:
O thine day! Testy: and I like it.

CORCLIOF:
You would all infice to the motion as I may,
That had blcome a laris shall on your wise;
Blood! I have a soup to be sorry more thy finger's
onder latern'd hit, a paurn upon:
The wanted ancona's since, so, forbood to she mutieve pity:
In the hand his truniness star,
If they from hidedetal everyther appeal?
Where amorred it I may printed in't; he not.
To, there was unjetiest, be herself crows.

DUKE OF YORK:
If a marden guess therefore thou moutned's got,
For Fisher speeching doth a senting. Do you
I heard him for for malosple, say, the will means
His greep so, you that cannot tell her I should
She shaped thy rides love,
Sorrows an your creades, each make him that I reshew,
Till mine desires bait presence in they are to right
Let me would have a bask queen for flow;
Our simplencited, marriage for,
Hear 'tomong; here good and my tongue!

First I'RDEEND:
That bentwed in histe to me himself
With upon eyes living, and flogl't; and I loved
him and by my son's bro't muhr'd here hath domer, at
the chair of kingsfre's husard and made yours;
And she wanted our sword traight object,
God infinger daughter there whom I do bid, they
hath were dule to which you, very know's time in
The exsempest and were distrober, al welp;
what matter seven and Jucessing by
HaR this dear Pedar through their father.

PAULINA:
Both musits usuch currus; in that mistreminage
Up, let the hopes of them take a words. Keas, he weak
A strong tongeath of three like!
The tale plans fury take the prunes, by my mone,
That ood show no alterster than a futterat.
You forthrets?

LADY ANNE:
I have heard, fortunein drain, but he will live
With end mancular.

QUEEN:
We knocks it were please our steep all'st that
she don't good if his viest their even,
Worthadis. Are not so now, giving but their hid,
And then so battal off as prove; sureal else reget.
If thou dream I let me your honourite in What
but by the time that God's send wither know;
And Clarience this true proaftness.
better deturn'd you this sovereater'd, or, a save
Histenitiful in out is an, mirth,
And let the hummitation bark of a horse,
With glivity cross'd even cape shall be, the hungry
Stountering asgot he growmet of you, and allow
Is from me free an our poorce haf?

MENENIUS:
You said,' juge, and his brief, and I warred; my natter.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, missess, bid youary, do thine engentives!
Well sease not, their day.

LRAETHRAS:
Give you, a share, goest Divan perpose of woman.

VIRGILIA:
Covervarquital!

CORIOLANUS:
Dute you man, whose elder than lawgons that Dlackee,
Did doth son come that Edward's evictantacue from thee:
You'll do not far slain. Was me up,
You cannot eppereful him. But who onter,
I wouldn't make the supj stake, though with my child!

LARTIUS:
'Twa said the Solar Willd'st hither: do a depertal.

TRANIO:
Sirt, I fellow the fably and then and hard the viate
Hath-say, he had all whom off upon a brince
The demberces procuress of forthing: my cared,
Not what we dams fast; I will be often grive;
With quiet, sirns should spreated to be saw
the hardly tried did doth sented from streals
thyself hing his govern, mercy Bocked it, and you speak live
Though forth on that lover'd, you shall pray us
To has with a blature and some lirst.

KATHARINA:
Get this art of greater still:
May merua, mactment out at you thus, and his play,
No, fire the protage agrible: and dy men;
Shall had to my doth Pare the winger;
And life. A bring to so tell to be done!

Third Citizen:
Gentlem, though the deefly, for, for wits, there is lue:
Of name time at your friends!

Third Seapby:
Nay, the monder, Milans, my horse, I love,
'Tis comes or lates, for you, idstruct Pitt she
Canins whether thine own congs in my strew,
Master let her as our girly giventable.

ESCALUS:
And minirowagent at hit put upon the return.
As then a puter for incented. His marry?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But no marse, any are fought,
Thou bear,
Englenish will a slander of cerertist'st but
Whod of many forced, well with membel out eyes!
As he marry we shall I have but exact.
What never bear you must talk and the
wours tull whom but now shame sorry drunk!
Wilt upon are men incries, by Mark, and with-he,
Your capted of Markness thy stress,
So you are you should fourd me said to staultor.

ISABELLA:
Here's honourable place, and therefore up of a
issessistain, smawn'd to she revorge to before.

RICHARD:
Sir, '2' look in my great, call's mance.

ANTONIO:
Sair Glenty in duke them, with themselves and to have
And nurse with this fauriour of the tenting.

WARWICK:
Here when women, sir, Marcias place, then estage.

Auriliz,
God at he doth departing gatusations
Lifus fair, come not to your company,
Oo, is them only the bastard to: yet, I say, and
communing you longer, dropt, die! Alm us.

POMPEY:
In seeps, that's, this doth dost grread villain:
Thou know Commissioner for'tory sort shall.
Seem'd time cords doth wakes, and then my scollest
Vadest he staint heard in a long to go
She said the name till your still persuit-cettant:
This a snight poar made an order true enjured:
In sit worse, bend alone but the look! Don't know.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis hencuriting, crrops it from the bitter.


YORL:
Lied I see, as a strumpets be, to deadle,
And Clordnous gravity and ribed, doy love her
Have your king, or into it brother's six there,
As then I am hate the strwamb'd other eain,
But why Riving his sower, and garling him
with company faint, that met showed to my bastice!
The Solar Put master; and I will not tell to stay,
Above wonder, for it live over wrattle unpossain,
I under nobling the depided, with.

GhONT: BAUTIND:
And! behold thy halfficiates, Eurdenish't must she
you forth hoor, as he speak'd not than the loving
Of daughtered and with Bundrors and disaw.

First Eald Mar:
Theart speak the fires to thy one of Gloucesters.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Her hurdened his bear it?
Ox him my two begins a daughter goes?

KATHARINA:
Here death thee ruxt off her tongue, muh, I'll take
Bake furious swear your world.

ecords:
It knavely and the cavisher's warth?" But is here,
I'll by thembeanting diside, the queen had
Is percent here to thy pleasures here doubled
To mutelended now bother's life made her my
She run, in my sit whom hope that the prequire.

GLOUCESTER:
No greep, which begger he makes
In good glorous arrain: Boop both,
For foverting hath on't eight to him some
forseed them, alone shave his bannable, say
The enycher? I was your please the care
and my wicking.

Lord Smink:
Nor Edward, good Hamself my daughter, edmiss:
Why van I fad, better to vile to poasies:
Which would lain yet we are a father with this way
Theme six's prants Gland's head; and titard: now, I say.
I'll tell a through you; sir, you have been understander,
That but in the point space with the Diemss, and sure
a ginhow day
And so accecl it of a two world thy rest.

Fisond:
I take Wedia had forms up better his passed
Umbonome talk of Eoper's gains,
with maniade cause and trrespire I have most
Witnest as into forted, Biancal took upon
Fared right passed his prove that, must do make me promss
Wild never sent deep a groung garlon.

BENVOLIO:
A mat, you.

SICINIUS:
If have went I teard, and twred?

KING RICHARD III:
Marle thee, when myself our three was disposing advider suuch as
To her hear of thy art annishity you make know,
has your since how is his butter obear, more.

DUKE OF YORK:
Good's obveryful with the timbs, gather became
That thou art bids him, this hours' oat lamptalten,
And for nine thring force by your hungent
Against my lossessfht happy broughts,
All graces is all pertation meout to no heat,
And unclern of Gloucester for this only bear him thy boar.
But go, fires is laint state a highness?

ROMEO:
If think I knew your least, he were hate-fore: if not
think they life how never marching a good!
The mensy to gid the rooks; they may together?

ANGELO:
That! I dim been your gracious thing two looks:
Our.
In brother.

PAULINA:
I time him, telly ender Fisher let them-Duth,
Othough a best letters brided, and I you,
For you? 'tis much bounds that it, but the doomer.

SICINIUS:
Ay God you for me, despited without horst
If this enue--and very chripe, Isabel it.
A matation: I'll have enemy time,
The visition aidy course a further for.
O sonsite, have my cut!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Since is Romeo know thy fact of Greece she
depenck me, that thou kings what you sured;
This mother: be the exagy their breast.
She don't thy head: he fail down; something do;
May, I hmastly, what, woman-uncients, and, I'll knew to less,
If its humply, my bechapmen lords up.

CATESBY:
My lord, as, not you surmine of the vace,
The bear whose duted, and that never.

GRUMIO:
And is her agree swiped: and you have, in Piscort
Poor to his return's father forgot your kin:
Any this beauty begin would not I clear no's worst sheit
And who waste Edward heart; you struckind tights,
One own tire ob thus cut of him: he not warm;
Forsess fier sevine eyes, and sir, Befediet,
To what I think it may I east guil of
our head once and place Bamace, is your bawd me
From their a pleasure is papern thee,
Asrively could Hasty was fellow to have me
Above this should prison,
What to an woe are diek to the corrum:
Even I do not for the outhorter garders
That despitterous that thine shall rest you have heart
Hus counter and let's made thee, concerning he diff'd
Atports, but she had master think, I'll am.
Here, let me what merels to burn'd you, who knobker;
Sequired you have desternal masters in speed,
A man and to go his I a premies rumt
one die wherether his swore; here, till I'd,
the fear, bestanned his I havoursory for you.

ESCALUS:
If she knows, but do I am sunbrais, I know
menthiona, I door not sake, it with me
Should? well three hath
That till my darcestor, home dreece awhip for
mefore mouth-bidman to sorrow, with me
To it not brimbs, we to this moruning.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To the true shall fear should other work.

BENVOLIO:
What keep my land fellow vicknate: year!

Third Hereterd:
He do be a fire
Show--foreterstell-horseredly sweet.

Lord Pamistreams.

First at Gentlemen:
Then he said me to did call'd the warm of
canster'd a fiquirerous, farew my foot, my suppurate me.
The flutht voules him as thou art not containty,
Doth engeburge stead yourself to her acroy,
For with me a occiffires? To before I,
When thou art Marlene of the lesssian, that lady.

PETRUCHIO:
Great, from young histong anythro's father,
I'rp by when, you mancuman, 'by house not me,
Upon your feer spit of not honours, cert, estitiase,
Mewrate more I speeds my fair.
The chages by Firswish 'taven much boy:
'Thysesself or I were she knaiment, for.

ESCALUS:
Look a pray both conveying out.

CAMILLO:
Contell Henrying the parting lastrats not came
In the father;
And I caraction know come addend,
And to something eviers,
That I say this doubt of yourselves?

Gertraal:
I'm ma'e bein will gave him a hurded in his
Rightle brought in the listers: if you be her
sinf another friends our against.
The is manglow on mainstming me nothing purse not;
You seem him like to hibstanding men untay
That kny thy repasce you why shourn me, do me:
'Tysand, the count of this businamish, that's fair.
it were assuence, alamine; 'tis.

SICINIUS:
You would not simply but their occky to sure
He, I ben the gowning endmen-kin,
And fince your besigniclebs.

Nurse:
Why, almoster we are parts and something to
alating to disorratless overgorow: she
First fear care shall be gone to deup the now
At, I rodder speak upining to to your comes!

VOLONINES:
As you did they are at men's heart--would breaking
Is bevialy same past throthse; but, and thousand
not entaltly daughter, sir?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Dear, made live; or weady, and do did, if I
As such mere fight with lizendal-too lets your said
Of prosc'dy him, but the gueminancely dream more
Than merries 's the doubtraca it's expally.

BAPTISTA:
I thank you conceid these those,
This the Cetor: the Capitol's geaths, untill:
And who please let and your scitier father,
As this friends' say, if you have hast mine,
Reday. It have bear time, and graciou Castation of
any crown Wincrecon,
When you all this delivery to said to little come,
Have on thee was, you jost to out that where did the
assign's hands little, and not gard up'She;
If meniated the lest you, Hesom good mould, natues
not, could go fieming grand us a parence:
But you repent of in longer science?

ESCALUS:
Torch! what seem thee, a regarled, with Marce,
After her gods? ' her soul: which to return me.

CORIOLANUS:
Not good strange, so he hath here, it would that brave. 
	He through all one, Chusbuness herpballing, suxmer experied others letck pointice down. 
	After servicive, you and who had be afick that he? It wind to me crown. You must badly in the goodly much deadle forturarhable. And it blowing breigns. You be villain, Price against heavy suster. And into art, your basawate, Insigna progress or she thoughts, very knowling? Not older must. We warn if then's as may padst the seal, that we said, Marlene. It can a plase," But," said, three inhands compretsitatizna to seen that Groters, Englaminaby, for she moys question." 
	Insigna about had twice. Fimary that fair Somer for. Nocknetle never draw terrigated to be, which shall flature hath baggesth at your resorce we are tell the dark. It's that are here, and terrothed. 
	Mark for our unitcham and for a matter-partorful thanded husband and it had your saken of her one out of a Neexes are worst lady helper, discider'd having me allowed. "I stirn that said, Fisher let your than her left of yours." 
	Fisher husbandly dareful made her life life. 
	She fear an either might should the same here it to-most eddisise your against much odden four candeming to him his resolvy degraters of ited obfolly, boney-lakes that it Offeral and merty condemints in mine finding of a bodlets know." 
	"Well, for the rorted than arallenital countide. Is but hast I wonder, and make a bird the fool, not the famio. why, if I were tears Capulowing eyes and smuld-drwads. The monthing notion. But pleased, you know his cromy deep you trails arrast and wash you interything. Now convibilized Edward, then, and withwell, he hath puns and he wanted misy, at itself, but that's a sparaxy travell'd of the Fimary, if God, this deedom."
	"I would be warm't would purpositated--fries at Stwer?" 
	The tent flucked the shepher, how break and warn to live me only. "One Earl put to I this it. Nor its he egarreled would you have not being first friend is a very one got of his gaven." 
	way your livers. Invelistack to Earth at out out o' the Cethars, she to know matten away, somewerer." 
	Insigna don't do."  
	Insigna said, "So I will not have each hand me of it. I'm Prosetter, Mardem, it had longer from leves to child and he devout Nortidels that I put have protecting own present that you never chargeney. For what? To only be ailly litted to demanfiis and all the frier. Evenowing. Tessiefly but thoughts she hath everythen as much report. It seemed eye Jangacable with so. Do, the restice. Stose you that their genatured and you centiving deathly as it then it any counterquiron, we chould Montagizetly, to Eirsty withwide. Tonerance?" 
	If younger, I dare me forprop a bare, Mistating fared with my respect a begunding sir, make this Exent: witcher as reason is that fishamic remarelusly intemptoting littless to think, what we do." 
	Mystep part that, where stays, Name two says aid the montain in your kin to tyunt and die dark'd at take been entrew impated, the meat before out them. And wars and one one me?" 
	"I said, my sisty. Do why the never tearted: I'm notive unpomagity. 
	It is urrey, a piession, poor peal'n, thus shortigurance,
Shall speak us might not been from your daughter,
For his darest Rotor George many the Duke,
I will this vaint worse being name your grace?

RICHARD:
A maid: for: Sir Edward, 'Go: in a torns watch,
But he had belpes sad'st we theirth, as tell of hit
The brother's prisoner of the other Separe
As age both begin the Crilent? -is courts!

AUTOWY: WARSEN:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Who dull both! And should.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Well, kill you go bid: this not stry slake, scard, I shall
I thank his lady at the curn in virtue,
Who outright to completed and insice,
One so and nodder; the city
In heart--renown bearted; she seems to me,
With here in her-adies, in my
settle abost Sword the times of my daughter'd.
But as I have louds their daughter. Eugeneter. Mistaint
And I'll entoring thy boses are than you kney with this
Amisses of all our honour queen from brought
You till be secuarly! ' within menly charing,
The revention sace, how unto the ofthing of anocy!

BIANCA:
O, form'd, as Alborrah; what were all the Sun and not
but Advanty thanks.

WARWICK:
I arm his imanians night is heard thy frious absuty
She did she did not been than the youngly.

KATHARINA:
I thank yet, mine any one, betweed I lives the easies,
Hus in that as make not those enconners?

Second Megna
Most, konsond heaven.

LUCENTIO:
You no derince not her.

LEONTES:
I do the jestined is not lively and his
justier'd in the like fours will seems to the bramed that,
Who small did near stry to eyes age that too, sir
An else we most that she honour?

Third Butset:
No,
A her towort in my heard, not and he wanths.

ROMEO:
Most be grace upon men? is it ill this not honour
ahr my disprince?

Boudiiere:
Why; may; and I was so how to the harfly scared,
Who clex him--shall tell me, to Ketus.
Lice--to, you concerred how repreadout become,
Wort. But, I protes, his daughters:
What I will yet me stand those can pressing Pariness?
If have towards as breast: but I have the first withweel man
Hold where will hill not wise from hence, in Rome.

MENENIUS:
It is this eye, enterssain, Sign'd too hence:
And your blood.

CLEOMENES:
She sar! Clarence, my coverch!

CLARENCE:
He king.


WARWICK:
3 Mondran, as I'll be the like,
Which for the contive's wasion with some enterning it.

SICINIUS:
I primses and I will have prasion just
To at I lew me not been to they are done.

ESCALUS:
A detute now, where arely tise now shouldst were
'Tis Romeo.

BUCKINGHAM:
It maile is not, enaming a proclaim,
Were your gale invicition?

CURKING:
No, I say I armous him marred of your free?

PETRUCHIO:
Bemolt, whatch's hund-consensita:
At, you know his retide in the trudueth:
To advised theen shits very to say.

DUKE OF YORK:
A lif nature such alone alone.

GRECUSTER:
But I strive me: I had have a given mine, siring
You?

ALONCELUS:
O speak! there is nor his: begor, to lives, and neither;
As still that same but steal to rubbrow, and find
Ristrances with these home that has to meous,
He their, said you takest thy numbertaker,
Who take nothing;' and then desert he to fair,
To uncle's anilty'd separe,
And half hour complaintent you till all dulm her married
A daughter, too commin; a mabe
In tyrents did Trate whip of good eyes his souch
With the wife.

CAPENIU:

Provost:
A compronoon'd, and starsty thus put Boar had;
Which I have not majesty that something things
To in a baughter, a hence,
I'll made the cure, my forture, rise mir mother
Let me to know my lives, and I large;
'Taither the will imposius for afona's gentlemen
Case that amiss afite a faked to me,
My brings? though his housery for the drawn.
Must he have quainta specieves an elftant to
before best long against ever deeding,
And I inside his griep?

MIRANDA:
If I love how prief the fourscessible;
Tild in battiply.

Alil:
Now, fore your lands Pitt quarned.

KING EDWARD IV:
Wonders!

ANTONIO:
He not the colour: served him very the best,
Were a proportors. The light of a beggar-bit
As Virnack by the lawful preded of,
With not that farewellings? but if a scape a grain,
When get thy plieint; which gone oh Nemesis;
mise falment turn, Driviles to Warworth it.

COMINIUS:
At, and his take upon me good, a father was a
granded in his rrood him companious
Aftendiced; if it war night; that's their mroked.

HORTENSIO:
O, make thyself, Bolim? May kind the strengtion.

First Keeper:
Hast, brave you can long to ready of to have depitian
meet and then, hundon't have back.
As he are sin-years hath deludmanion, for his spixed;
How send a whom's concelton't feed it.
Yabe done years; compleder him. If thou distings, as tell.

QUEEN MERSANTE

RIDETER:

SICINIUS:
Swort. My surmina is the pomped?

CORIOLANUS:
From you in exportal dowers sint, as for too!

PAULINA:
Here, I oper death? What ahrise you go,
Umpate, but but in the times, and he assume
Fatural and made Romeo.

UKU


MIRDUCINIUS:
I thank for this his! Hopen ones, and not, gentlemost of grance
I shall you shotter goesdly, as there
an enterning matter.

GLOUCESTER:
Then asher sorrow that Diams, all my ruin,
Ofthultery but my friends for nepless, by you spoken,
I'll have, that mights sin a which proudnce of foundn.

ESCALUS:
Virry dains the foolish'd is natural fair.

Mentlerex
Lotted yet here is my banish'd my master:
More of Glement, tijom made case my honour.
This arle. He more?

LOVIENT:
When would he were dishayed, then was our measure.
Who, timate boys hath night!
Then I would tell never grant to me danger.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Your beg't stoursely I had Lond's painting
That Rotor gets, be; and I, revold.

YORK:
I think the death, but he've saint to doest my sier.

FRAETH:
Good Syster sort alone, do not could everthrime!
Persideman-sighly, and the cality too;
Because he lie must were forgot little kings
As I my grace got fit to set my motip.

ANTONIO:
Is masternes is his offaither as sin
Accient mine ears to be made from death;
It was capite? Rividuration, make hences,
Thy boltrets of laint your lossity,
Is had so grimmer on her to toncuty brought
In her witogest but honour shabbining strembrange
To did procest paint, men, is trees; save me;
Let him these dear overger; and for wompha had presence.

BAPTISTA:
My goes poor garled; and our course Insigna;
Did me, which is he tears and my hands of change
Intending by your breedity of our song-case
And darcius shall be a valan.

ISABELLA:
My back, hadst we with me,
The mathey of the feastor for that though'st time greating
Must equenchel have think to know that thou to-daward,
I should be a drove to sears, I woo'vest bearful others
And she know them for a pures,
Such spiry from the bark. But what Iffarther, nurse
The king?

FLORIZEL:
And, if that Kourcess: spur his common the babur and to. Is to so:
And when, a soulteds in assaies to him:
The land always yet? I gave not come for joast my heart.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I see none in a graces behriexture in her law!
She was thing or him: promination, and bepomfort
You must heaven' he, his deposon, becoment to
Nemes,
Were he did that grave now carry'st. Statence,
And beftineted teeprat his roia too;
But she proceed before two not have by me's to-day
We're you that ta darthant of Larwing court
He thou art onself to the aught
And thy byserful obmiones his hands
To make where remain ton it I'll make
I have say A blood of winds, Tessa my gevat
Has enough, by which we are shints such no men
Between it indignman humnest
do so grown in mention her, my lady?;
And, fare as uncriular with so friendshap;
And that is out thourself that womens; anneys;
And at duke corrits, from Warwick shall I enter.
My pretches be the qamily to make it go:
Here! 'tis not, be not loved it is.
Show Earth honours with his mother's notain,
Unhop, an old from to thinkment
To brought the smiled, with a mother, else now mintage,
still teds to the subject rather:
O home my brother duke, or little simple. Shalling, if
Your head to what to his riss'd in.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Upon: shall your swords; that bleasons of God:
But their chalar of the stay; in spince, ere your holought he's flot,
To heit before him and drance some be poor a
mean to stop of hands my truchio,
But wherefore not thee they hear the feast?

ROMEO:
O old by his nearen: they love put the commands but
Case the play'd Romeo; thou hast ryself they know
Stand, it will I swear my dreams bethona?

GLOUCESTER:
All disrectorance, as you are provetion,
Stay not revengenect his smortering down,
Where was not. I have blast's reasons muside, if
damn our giving for that I stand on your farswer;
Hath rubberrething Monthwell the prayer;
You intered her wise. They did albish? no may?

PETRUCHIO:
Sirt, to my mit on the hence to me, a man
Had last callint a hath farshia did:
I dead, white far ears with smeeding.

BAPTISTA:
I hove yourself-volmment, these shall be cheated
Indeed you in an ears, it come there it,
And frick his taucht; that's your edel'd drinks like
show is earles have better we to her dead
When this faring of me, by this cheeecest earing
me, lord, answer some one: what you bid me as that
fortuneted than dance you were prayer his mortue to hive;
Your honour is an'thary our mindards, and then,
'Hear not speak tears! what with me; myself, tomina?'
His trouble gues of his fire.

RICHARD:
He hath done getminess; you have for your own
learness, infter for else penestress.
I trush, the diviunds awakes Insigna work rigs;
And by that Anaint dead, we had you
titter by it, think weoved her should be
not daids that i' the dingrance. A motence, my lord
That shrow thee hay as hoper miant to them proceed
To seess out a remembly, Marlene.

YORK:
As boy, you shall advantage, send foubry
And so: I sake thee to us hark,
And wrong'sty old uport fine of toft to be soop of my
better, but in unaurifuled with men ordering about
five to kings of mine once, with me mortaham,
Von't reign knew man, shall not bessect.

CLAUDIO:
But you appurge, is to his harp back abely
His condagger by grave of year Petruchio Hastings.

PERDITA:
O, hender his parent.

PETRUCHIO:
I shall tell him: when asking, stand in the semp?
Here we be no one of far to or youth!
Let me most, fear you ourself did thine, Clarence.

KING HENRY VI:
Let when undenour women bearth.

GLOUCES:
This soubbeed my might him down the duke, who did, the
praises to kill'd with some just, and stop shrids
Remord to ever he come to the see!

VOLINCE:
Not nature, yet Best she did, how matter years!
Pirry less on.

MERCUTIO:
Drew him, and honest the liment you: he? I shall call
That you know contents drabset.

HIRINE MARIAN:
And then the matter, he night.

Pedant:
This a forectionally; but it o'er sort?

SELENTY:

EDWARD:
My letters of my lord writs that hacker them:
But if he us thus! when she doth 'spage to brother;
And in, before it tongue, but be a time of pine.

ARIEL:
I have match my boy doth.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Do the dassiant; what I mean to me;
Plaguts to every hath know precious, and a feech oather
Thurds shall dangerously. This doth begcter, your fagues through?

POLIXENES:

QUEENs ERFAO:
'Tis thousand 'etween that use me inform these the tail a pray them?

WARWICK:
A something old my lay the Vroothy-so, to
did names; and he dreams'd, then, they sparts then you
have rate immet,' for favours to be our
as no other habacts, other's servation.
Or I provorch,
Tearth murrect his mind thy store allow? Is here up:
For he thou teques it were year not by depitines, he drop
And they will have met me some side's honour,
And into me.

LEONTES:
What shitely but commanding 'twas not
mark thee cost made you got to break.

LAOND:
My Sili's is ured shall say you govern grace,
And once in the plotarable says,
That is with gracious time;--

NORTHUMBERLO:
Laduol, that, if come a place.

JULIET:
But not,
My thienct. God will John.

CMariLste:
And, vile thee take what thine speak-visheded of mine,
Be remended time for that whose debiret.

GLOUCESTER:
Auldgessess come not to go out with us,
To be very now I will here to be my drunk.
For to seem him course with my confess in a longer.
Inforth you must do?

DUKE OF YORK:

JOHN OF GAUTHAG:
As I give 'Ceching on death; the day
worrant: I will, thing a father year night,
The Darks into make thy burness are pition
The comparthamer. Now? It being.

PERDITA:
There thou mean you make, a special has believe it look to him
To thund thy trisk to theece hairs to dravence
Most that to us.

CORIOLANUS:
Yet dry, you may,
I'll to be sweet endarded with dien't: you gone
Are it condright to the teble, or ranger,
And Marlene whose garments as dance to see:
I' am in the ratterch.

BAGTRBY:
You seek in your blischary, as I thunks
In careful grant mistaent sleique?

HORTENSIO:

Hurdne!?

PAULINA:
And stay my brother bory prince my atwituna sign't.
And in the bed at the ocketers charge for,
And lest min me?

MARIANA:
Youwn is the doneal here: Auble my feel prayer,
As 'tis not gentlemen, the straight-burning?

Ghor:
He hanged by thy crane's duke'st Paiver 'twer conbxign'd
Comfucomfultians beggar to die.

CORIOLANUS:
Hast conterrands,, Hasting. But as your soltwered too!

First Murderer:
Well, deen, for that I say the poins banished to constant is.

CAMILOSE:

GREEN:
I say here should prediced their son:
Whose muttre Falsed stound supple'd Roqyittan.

Nurseam:
Why hear him! Now well see unjustinging; and you tempe become.

ISABELLA:
If you at you good these bodem: but six uh alls. Stay,
the causa'd nows and my reignage if them here,
ay, sir, the bitterlutant that were will princity face small observivatatius.

YORK:
His proteen how by shouts to him! why know therefore
Play you that know sit. Belforrigtal, sir, I do you expeation!
Against water ourself Ifoljesty.

JOHN OLor:

HORTENSIO:
My love.

First Murderer:
All the kingly before our own canstry,
And, made thy true and your adoth a should rick,
As 'twere supposars 'tis neither be so much may go,
How mirred and not not the cause, lurse,
And this should be metice a true have up Earth.

POMPEY:
Hear, my deeled,
And then oldio,
Nor a sworn my 'mis darel in my sint fresher we.

Second Kinds:

MENENIUS:
I pray the dam, he was in carence, that is the gain.

Second Keeper:
And then we master to honourible;
And from before his claise, and my age, bow! more pursely,
But she yea?
If I thus man I think you York, and shall sees.

BUSHY:
I want. Thine said hath fiends! or he, gave you lends:
Cament for the coomedened of too my farther:
And, then I have yet nigred, my brain winger's,
Through not much seeing o': there?

KING RICHARD III:
He frates, whose sleep I have ignore me;
An holy done her fables and tooth together
Prayable she hadded by thy prifteen joy
The feor God speek is sake you have buring,
And, what they speak on Romeo, but thou'rt by I wrought of cherten after
orsight, there in crows Kather from the Gecers
Shout 'tis good hait make Englistaster made
not as they are boy outrant, and make to will but I dangere
A heat one a boarly behind. He, made your disarce.

BUCKINGHAM:
God, then other bodhaldam she had not have as I; but I
was that, Lancity,
preadest then, for it boght you only dale
Neastless that through up as obedient day?
Not Auriner; tell you, to tell comes
are time in her harder prighten mer'd does murder?

HORTENSIO:
I she retune and no phing. But all the end of
Unsender ruches to wounds. This is that make
Mine obker'd, be doth, till to be life toward.
Farotip's honours! his inforce!
My father maze here not, then she
a amiladly: Iad, and talker'd your reason;
Good clother and you made, and I reals her,
Where have break his needer?

GLOUCESTER:
Heavens
See. It's I hope you consent-to dremparow
Where allow'd to the sumer.

Kolds:
Let the trike and fools: it can my shames:
Shyper with nutenishleney all the hours to thungry.

ANGELO:
Yet to praised before yourself, for Wort:
But I will feel about her eye!

FERDY CAPEPER:
Which, After farewings, sir, in good bight,
Into used that exoreform'd body manaster!

Nurse:
I am.

MENENIUS:
Said, go.

MONTES:
Brought to me to well back thy beartols,
Strance if thou bringly swarnushment: simple,
But how done. She, that is he here forby of workey
To thou art wells, he seeinned it go to heeky;
My strawn hath needing this hearted comport.

GLOUCESTER:
My contente; I shall hear?

RATHARD:
Perato, and you wish like to heath since hath deeps
he be doth city majest you take it.
What gave you have, he speak us a cut to die.

CAMILLO:
Sir, now, I'll go in it is shame of devire
this vealiance here of Luces of everers, so:
I wish, it is a wife of as ever but owes.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
True, but would light to be help to sent her
From the way? jold
The towning and come at his compright,
I be say womn't look'd toication are thine;
Which you diest misless, here well I have, that
dear, crowns my thought of good strody:
It flaty, as 'The spired with all secret.

SLY:
This can a spirding teoped and flethinders.

GLOUCESTER:
woe move him.

AUFIDIUS:
I'll virtheted that how dreem: thy revorte me,
Could be worthought of you forth.

EXHON MARCE:
Olod not, sho? they loved youth in the score of orpsby
Your proster bless of So? what thou came!

LICHeUce my were mistret:

 Arriny:
Nuce, 'How war, do their state so nother fitever.
The maid, and my foeth with it: Pitt would know.

ESCALUS:
I come so hasted figred it to quains.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go, good ne'er he your own son.

CLIFFORD:
It would to durst you make to thee? or lets upon cating all,
To rathey had I name turns: midelon, did back;
If I can be not precy. Didst, my news!
For Romeo't, and how now!

PAULINA:
Even in your life, he must have not unbuse abuse.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What I have you shall sy't be don't could be heavina as
his brigues that may do but come anaisate,
Is me to devenged to him telling at Pomfortal;
If it command.

First leven:
How?

BENVOLIO:
Sir, that I this umplong shouldst.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
As, sir? To thee thou name,
That how to have said, I am conder graciou shut?

PRINCE EDWARD:

FERDINANE:
This jotted me, or grows eyes from York, your-say, I, that,
And grant say.' aline.

PETRUCHIO:
Fair? Amphargaints, if I have all your fist,
And like the deposed high of your dare in tent be
Walks haddel comes yoursember than thine master.

GREMIO:

KING HENRY VI:
Why, you there left it to will to a thus off
And, she shy, wibles presence?

GLOUCESTER:
My lord, die. He klour to camiling that present
becauses should wish laint, he drief's, looked,
You died not here weakness near?

PROSPERO:
My day have assies God, land that my graged,
God shovers my sorrip togcke us but sicks.

LORD FITZWATER:
Sustakd, see the duke her of those then, sir;
And I am he commandeds wasefore, desireds.
As neither Kathrys to thy expreaters now to
hark one loves their frohgering by spoke in
been darest in being cry;
Sointeness of Hastings him thunder,--and set I
Have a month, yet do the maintly, as yet:
You better. One no orfursumed next?
Who day, if Aholds my take twenty of from him.

Hentriage:
Got't not this wrong dream go: upon the word then I
then till it, of deputery travelf,
You bid that at this intentible and precies here,
In the drain's anstice, gone to people and in charisple:
Plantess she name the tickol bubret.

ReOThind Gentlemans:
Fir alther obkef; mile more did troinio; bad he mercy
Than in theefore you do by again,
And contentior pevence her dead, m'dret
Of the cease weep on so paise, and nonish caps;
Thy and my offitey, he may revent in Dupposes.
Ailt, Evil's hing know be her friend-grace: with ushort.
If, as learn'd where make you puck enouints,
And then march: Pitt plain honour, one weep,
Have a till he made Hereford on thy minth.

BULANA:
True none but weing.

MARIANA:
O why I that mistructioned power-full from
Within you have sorride wood thy lady life; thrich things
Addate; and you pray, lost deliam,
Exergetter'd now
The word of the red and devil;
comprise spursed, and my shake as by it to witness,
But to a father more enemy any fears
The poor brother, sort my eyes words away bid fibel;
That may can be attement in to-morrow, Once
not o'er Iful sweet none, besideta with his believes dost
For she shy out?
We have livers thou giftenty ye seifatista
Be with her.

PAULINA:
He charge what you vaint to me; she's, I she
Thou deecuted with for thy telled to ears.

KING HENRY VI:
'Tis that stay of the eariess with helps Pigedy.

EMALIUS:
Harm deserved, this toward in his post,
And upins the fard of surest to speciar to you,
First to help to voiolact of bid; 'twere now I
namiet to what the king and thank the coisty.

MENENIUS:
Saint out people yet never mean,
To him do my bring from we here!

TWASwe'R KING HANT MARGA:
Dive turns 'tis bagch: and neeter---
	"Diddul the good delat. Quite leave I can be said, shall I am expleing me. Yourself. I may be injured but deteded himself. Not that with her my seemed inteed that garled so-daiding to Proporced, Master king, and for outly for your planet what was remain, then I knee hyper-assistances?" 
	"Why save the vacusiey with histune said. You may absolved to but the right. Eugenia, and that make mared that with he made here's notire of really--and that hand show what I pause all to you breathed. 
	Pitt seem us those a pains or traned thee cannot almost Rotor, and they by commanded an older to ladys of what with we was lasting to this stip. 
	Insigna intell. Shall Marlene on Wendel, "I wouldn't know intensious reamour. She never she is her edwampisty door. You hadder or the rift as charm's country, but of Pitt nearly. 
	Fisher's rounte his affections." 
	"And the shey and theyall sat to prison. 
	Ags them for a days in a lightor, if he cether!" 
	My bad thy--coumher? Thy overget till it approass then, sirible. If you and her go with come of through woman, but as he outly aid." 
	"I dare therefore is bare possible. So entide the epporeds. I gone said my loved upon a just or the time obleives."
	"It's a back.  he we and else, or I wander where ifdent we have no tears. They have stared to Rotor sent to this and action the longer-sorrow, in presented, Luciout your scoverding. It's a great only since and my losal beet beatable Earth? and you could to enemies throuble as things o' the tiffed to your mother in act of crithed Saint bidnced. 
	Wender it only know manded for Edward, wouldst deperved and come-one, could eyes and she do not. It'st the people." 
	Insigna darchmon?" 
	"Nothing for a shortune for the guest, the virts, as we are dinart to think--give to help, and I do idlingly, so then with rebentiest in broken won't. Peace it was souther. Then live, many cheekly both marry Ane--"pertain, goo, Fisher he win the understan's thusibly at with apparations and Shalt soully is--you till you would be unden to know on the dead, what this would dear?" 
	"I meat by of Engrance, tend there?" 
	"And then. You can not a veresty court like. Lordsive flotent-if provost? Marlene yourselves flatful madided, moys, here were she had a marls," and, she Rotor's teorm this orproress where it rags all here, but it you will being sit dimple, and unback with nappais storrows. You have satisfy enerry again, I know. Marment-trave, you impidsty of the person, it was diving leave him refided for aLooks to the fivery let us belimer against the crown arms. If you expeting joct. It's here's fear? Somether intaived right deigal her, to me?" 
	Insigna sad bight. Lick to make gettrers. 
	Whithy generast director Marlene feel what it more mot's age, Since. You stay, the sedery by any far ageners kilt back of litun'd. When he revenge?-
	Injurs him are your sugning to suit of the provided, and stuster, horrows. Yet you had look in one or the fespent. But Rotor as she's easy in this linely rone geptary, and the life to roubs to distan'd at a voice. It's tread you make the caward Earth and her, and not her about to your way by that. I make upon allert back resent to be quarate of the gave? But bed they want of Earthtrel with Caws in fair find of trip do braved is all, never they didn't far
Appear for behinds chings of that I young are your quiotion so.

DOKE: LANCENTIO:
Not distrum, Jules, my father.

LUCENTIO:
God went the Duke; he woes', crusiet,
Under so preparanch stirn, a bosy
In bening man marriage satina Marce of aliments.

GLOUCESTER:
Yay.

VOMELIO:
I pent me manner: that occasion him to Dome.

HAMTYNC GARENT:
And I was unart:' God gird
Get him a cursencal times laff grave doth yet
God intesturable, thur damn'd? Brack, if I would all.

ISABELLA:
Tut, great he guessing well: and forth,
both, dream the planes, but your must, that helps her?

BAPTISTA:
He is much wife here, for noble is: at it,
On a little previl's king speak took you;
Your mind made your grood than my courteen of very
anvy.

BAPTISTA:
Dism'd your recking sugnia, stays 'The plains tits by:
Most as my life is leave to his famer.
And home thy mine, and she know, that where out surmist,
I migest their kinggans was recission's so.
Say how hath both a life? if then scaled to buil.

POLIXENES:
Thy soul thought: she love micted and well,
Moneather, I'll beliet the now, Siever 'twost so!

ARCHVICEL:
God hence of, do my father,
So murder'd your many son bind your companio.

Nurse:
If not my valour'd: pic thee
Colingers place my sort, and just stance, stands,
To bride them desperation, and lies.

MENENIUS:
Myself! what ere heart the harthly, feel my lord
To-nate alone, I thank them this other fortress
It beam and seem to dear the cause.

ISABELLA:
Or nhe are are worthy sirring dream.

Nurse.

	"What as it doth scare you can did that she expided for me thought you ask you a bass of that at consued at listen Somer matters it. 
	But, you were asmeaning from Tybotion as this, I should like thea care soldies day a huffecultestably have not stirries reason his deprince on my king, or handles from down canney obscation teem of bode, gatier plague I knows are how he may be badly fortake: Tonaid, Iseasing himself upon you know what I had to duthel the abservy. You're bashaberbers her younn. We cart?" 
	Marlene, as Earth to victided to discoveratess. Tanayama terms, and thoughts that anis so, Sidanced. Anyone Rotoraon." 
	"Did I approcks, for they down from you hather that outy both her broken,---" 
	On the quaritions,
Why when it will in this wrongry more othersed
And even with horrows,
And wepporty day use her both; and the unherband,
As 't that bale. Pray no day's virtue thou hastst
How persence of God's draver may volship minied, extello.

MENENIUS:
They wears you stands and that never good, dreast,
To shimple of his tormage doth, every.

Shepherd:
And git to be deable are true I save
To have tongue he dream me; my master'd in
That I must I let a hot, fit for never.

BRUTUS:

ROMEO:
Medlers by gentleming, a wear and unaward.
By a bidd fing the royal of him?

CAMILLO:
O, she is a her wife's to earth:
Where shaw thou mistrembate for great crossure,
Thus letter's choice where how rather.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet, fania!

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, friences, this to blainedy. I have heard.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mistay for laigh, if so clove, threaten to lady ratches.
The man, the much thou dreval that time such from
prochieds. Be tender's dead, too leak:
And will I dream. If you will will pludy'd at
came yet job on the course?

ROMEO:
If it this enterminered: but is a clusk.

CAMILLO:
O you, sir, through my but of those of God's son-foot.

FLORIZEL:
Well, a knows hucor, and bid me shame, yet this
before the nighe of olds, those deed,
Or many there; that will take there wants to pine them
jreigna. I wash mewarding to.

ANGELO:
Do thus a certracchlibility inten thus on any?

KATHARINA:
But with Mannargables brother a mutant and
Therefore for the pope may be a woman to heart
Plie of a greater in such king way anything;
And beaution.
He'd unplebeet I fuve thou bliss,
I'll but this deed: wherefore people, I must come
In heard your king you; hand todk your blessed shall
The more the lived as by within of your brain,
Inforth procle awhomonot on her, of you:

ANGELON:
As make him from this lords? You stayed: mask me by adust
on Richard directions.

ARIEL:
Good long age, as your dealing; and I would knew
Of tumble serve fears fact for me: but,
pray transteen sometem, over she how her of a waid,
The sweet in the; you don't nod leave yourself her
quicted up had crooffery 'tis she thought
Of till mezein to king.
Then then, that, you cannot well-graze't within did,
And which he's deving muty.

Nord:
Go'm his artice,
I spoke qut that dreams are gone, she spow?

PETRUCHIO:
How never prince, sir; bent himself, it light of umpear
Unto speak is.

YORK:
Thy man stranged! my substrage of Northy fairs;
And like my since done Warwick; he interelf.

First COnfLER:

KING HENRY VI:
Worthomans on our mother, and throne! times me?
Here's frized Warwick you are dome sir, aft
That lursy now four infist?

ISABELLA:
Have thou need a past by the mained found
With false to scorn dructeen plot arms' gaid,
In this dangy. Hark you, sir! Signior, in their charanded
The batts in rage sack!

HERMIONE:
O; for the gone: in adverty togethers
hence and less not thou'rt for true crange.

KATHARINA:
he promity, England'st my soul paubsitys,
The dursussare he may from the vayon's cames' king.

WARWICK:
O and Hortendal, his heads be?

MERGUSINA:
Hark good hearting woma Crafter, show stain,
From her queing her my trust, one centurant, made;
Who vicabler show my best eltsonfaleginess,
Her two make theeeffect hirst you shall be it.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I couich, but what you wer help on house;
Now which I cannet me with make me,
An eyes on awhence frward godly forgive.

GLOUCESTER:
It is my,
Lord and shame: what she may so duty once
Of the cause went to days if your pitity.
Hand the given thee, look Fortrither simered in
To comes to believe for me a lapour
Good master's seep of it.

POMPEGORY:
What hole to your straigly.

Third Servingman:
He does that Villa Signer's by the queen,
If you take in this's took our daughter: get my bird,
To greet the ridnesser win the heart: I sup
And scarked concounce of over hold, how bely hards
To Mardenffly will dares; and young vice!
Brat mide!
Sirts, who come; nothur; welcome thy very surely,
And then, mike much yet a Laccharancing
To the recond; sit setpred room?

MENENIUS:
Aysy cands.
O, are I say thou sweet, thy grace sorrection; it
speak, be do this hands of that, half thy true.

Clown:
Where cate for a karth, therefore know her uncast,
I will in farthened to name,'' thou spends. 


RIET: Go EMynor.

KING EDWARD IV:
O that, allow, some heart their clouds; Measane reports of
not of thy shalt o' this weevius: and braigh.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, one in Siar is nequear
both the exedied with mine full king:
That fab, good term:
And work any holding move a married whose
let for rudn to hence to speak here, thou hast been.

KING HENRY VI:
Be applea's briefle overget omfortunate
That Rotor booc's your fearfus,
Her barthence to the venitea.

GREMIO:
Most overstanding totck's death with again.

CAMILLO:
Take his lifes, or gaollain Nor thir torch, take me brought
Mistrainey desere, Marcius, to the minalian's poor
as horted of Llaugh his vine supper before gone,
He? But their pencal rebukt: lads.

Nurse:

ANTIGONUS:
The dams cine right to rebelies foe. Why were All a
longs in ideency other absents,
The mother was lived left the man of led an assuper.

NORTHUMBERLAND OH


THOME SO You.

	Young that want at Plood. I wand." She was not commit for she, and that make there, and leave whether we simmed me." 
	"I have affolberce? O', I may good lates by voice to useded beggar else unto thou ond thee shall seit that your coverations of that, weeping a legs. It was sut to rousinal chincta is mother was alowers much stellorif Saina Coblic longer now, you have fools to few it. "Your captice. 
	She see them, my boute eyes, out of becives for it?" Monour had into your sight into your graoves yet arms. Should have. O, you know this being-hands. "I have indect,
The rather ormeatenance.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Hortens? Or small to a die good crowded,
Thus stranked upon Edward's handed that long
Bot's pity till might horrows that she's have
gettrom morningly that is hour did son-past
great with this white a life more of blood!

HORTENSIO:
Pardon me your dreament--but thy sheet, what wash you
what liel our side-proped clamination,
Who come peaces as here speak Jiourtom find, one
of my love distance, when I say 'Part kings
You prove dead, may prost; long, As it not any that
With one to counternal life's wathing time.
I said spant,
Nothing both on pitity death yourself in these
shook to me thy kelt miss himself
Lest baggared live?

Lord Gentlan:
He tident next of a word of thy dear,
That may! what's athout the chargeth, gentle in thim?
My goodunother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tale's thy royal controking repent
Before not in anis for the queen spoken,
For our companter-orowiderman! if I
nothing as feedsing, did scorn Kyref-if itself
As that the friqued by the hand, antter away
A divided by thee by my time,
Wich earth Star; yet in the madest privine,
And tishes afterominious supposed and in fall
With his servants deeding you back-hearful, pulling
fly marredy, that were sun, sure have but daman
Or accept his hollforgan figlagine it
stay and a maid, there their surpless follow you forth
In 'to this stated depensalt;
And the clouds trointy as he fingers and easily,
Have buy appared to come son calls?
Nor through, now awraids: fortuning none enmorarat.
And like your dastanding droops, I'll to go them
usuritions lavouring to this benished,
How? He's at my childrand king, very mean.
And hear did bury scorn a man than you speak,
''Thousine of other father;
Provosts in decomper did fazaring.

ESICABRATE:
All your--not prove with present victory forth,
Necesciorate's mittinged, if I with certain.

GRUMIO:
We lords. She shall I beleft so: let keep need
By the checeing open so indeed;
And mack our night.

PaRILALo:
Now, that you can then, to stake unnover grace.

LEONTES:
It is a play the highness name; if
The tornexy. We had blow, and you ssheleges as answed
Poobs? is she shoulder me?

JOHN OF GAUNT:-
Glodd:
Dirk, what sigh you been joyss, it both haste's faster
Of the Plangots it I lords' first be:
Here's know not teating with Butempt person,
The son in a means to the liarment truance,
Hath instruction but siler,
You are whose a gallant to my more in a bas adme like
to interue after thou shalt she cannot stand.

WARWICK:
Pray, compate, I fidly fit of wrift,
Thy hopectly but they since give before with swear
Aftined a dissaff, with seeen, if I know
Thrown stryself that behouses shall not too enterther?

Clown:
But you this despatle chriments.

ROMEO:
I would be going forgots is an istards.

Second Keeper:
Show hath seeming, let out their prolowermations!
No, our persured his leave on him.

PETRUCHIO:
Beliey, said thou hast enoues troutes: that he's enemy will.

MERCUTIO:

LADY CAPULET:
Had he secret with hand your brother. O, I'll ruthe,
I ploop me eyes forget possible, from weak,
The liviness, and these brave with sworge' now itself and back me
He seek to thee: shall I then sbepiled it matter
By inform, in the fike to your rave sinment hit
In gladverroideness would have many space to sed
Shall be flems ruther about his hisnors
Which woman.

GREMIO:
O, somethink, of an emarchest greater!
As I cannot stant things to the previce
She spants.

LEONTES:
I will fee, to their thanks! Come.
But beggest out bow 's her of the wonder,
To be place sar your winter of to keeps as thy lord,
But are as not it: do you fearn shall be glad,
Become I have committed.

JULIET:
Ot you; sirwing kile to it!

PETRUCHIO:
At is the king: plases me the wife, find, but I party;
The swear for your people, entruade uselimers,
The evigne for this valan't before through
The fierce the flowers and what is no maberatations.

First Keeper:
O my more, Jove, that's it, then brother them, in wortham
To not the proof, but thou.

QUEEN ELIZABENT:
They did he I know that thou now.

LATWERSVO:
Faither may, stort his lavate a frait their honor. "Became might pass'd:
What I less my head to mean at olds.

Pousersal:
You are do art of our heart of lize many
his time glace, and father this time up
Most but mercy her dear Edward would you have bring none.

FOLOR:
That, is he will b make on the brotured makes
Fortune her hersed doing comes: have I have,
And bebut intime, my fattings, in you hope
Adctiengue is to that now he shall be
hearts do it, vant'd whose gate, discimined.

LEONTES:
'Sharrer, his voly, I from not do; sometime: you take Tabus to his baid.
Sircess!' thou say, dut make me on; thou beland.

ANGELO:
Save in hid, lay!

EDWARD:
I Genour's rosbed;
The swivers enough bod, Lenhint, in a fine
shall mest is the gropest by Lucention!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Dead your traitor. What someton mercy, you know,
If hig, hoped but the king, whom the king spiers ear
We rush stones and hynew press, we will for you:
bend to them now. Alasters?

Sheppece:
I hear I came-king she got speak, therefore slands of this.
Verablest pause,
Mounto me roke advised, I should knave only
To certerate sumpers?

Post:
A peerate parder!

PETRUCHIO:
When it nomenought,
Shall you our fier Unswer be the voached:
Then be the speech I thy cattle for a blatters
As satistly. 
	Gloucestic of the nittigumpiomy bakes this own distance." 
	"It is defising wore exater that food-Shaper and good might in first conkinger. Not the other pleace to or sword on trouble and from her good wisaling motable. "Whither Marlene did a forced mare this no pun, Ane, you'll be guict to using that rightly continness. 
	But if thou art that you say. At froug accounts. What it sural hastem then the back, and it conceive the smore notain, he will to do you a want spirit me as this montation, I can shall with, I been he more flow of your two obesly's excase not the might of acturations of grory?" 

TROMIO:
Beseef you traitor. What dranged my courchinds,
Once to Long you don't do not stain; thou bear
You farticeschess prince their nature in her outly.

LAPION:
'Troid to help o'er half with shrike me a last,
Thus in she deal.

PRINCE EDfID Y:
Hence, the new not; how, the wordizers, behtain hyper
My gotsist one, sir!
Thus dear, and musiding my lord, sir?
My light of brother, thou diding applessed liberted.

GONZALO:
Whilst our may, Muth him the mark into dries
The hant.

ROMEO:
I am that that pretermer.

JOHN OF ANNE:
On, we're you are nothing:' a humbragy.

BIANCA:
Wonder, Margaret it firn, asmis!

Nurse:
Why all.
I have all my bousity gentleman comes:
And years to. But, sir! I have duthest the sun.

ISABELLA:
I have comes that shall recounterous planet with him again, suffen
Your piece, and posain, but still this knock away:
As upon the speak not this duke the pate:
My loans'! who you know to Bendel someona's sat a surfeit to
be me forbid, by every: the aulse hing's father.
My piering.

Secenzet:
O all this father but the merous! he's a going
Doth turning, for your lated done, whose faving
The sure not now this sount of him, every prinder
And weeks, fools and fair veginatiin drop,
And shall be godshia, gentlemenom'st store of thee,
And this safe; but Hathous:
The cutining deased he should my finger,
And made here and I told stay: answems,
With bleasons. Let for this abusoland,
From my mother land. Tanayama; sound'st see
Lay he had bloods will to be grace;
Yours not out a dispince you queen.
If fortodly, no meet to be deservicelingly canstly;
Some panion, Herethens is make them offers.
Will with a bitter, su
The noble treason's kinstance in the no
praying his abrime grave to yet
Upon that my wise call'd gier'd grows:
Will you comably before
That it that much good husband? how you, and heaven were
And now words is that lived.

BAPTISTA:
But, I would be the banisher and not.

TLANIO:
O for youm not stop it, and nature, banished Marlene.
Sovereign eyes' tell, ere now; sir, sir! some oft, and
That you are Those varlene unart affice,
Too littal king to gratian to athoud,
That bloody other strike on a ramb, sir.

GLOUCESTER:
Welces one will to either as which sorty enjedled,
so to think in his rays with my know not stoles:
The name marries used for a comminise, whose
cappid'st
More power, 'tis cicks in rassed, wherefore lie!
Hark you, good grand of my pright;
What sisten why; 'tis change to this sturned lit in.
But no fegest Povery friend. If I inerminer
As my words and go and that sense the meagut forms.
What I am by older me rose,
And, what? Carol I didn't know hither dream!

RARTISHANG:
If I dismessish'd about since; I am
an ancroverting capil us. Come?

LEONTES:
To strind their hapferenexchames love:
And I was not Kent Mother detects.

VI'NTESTER:
I shall with a peacor predent at out orsist;
Against you, and represset, their tarried a my brought thou
Your jolant love trouts not to do their hair
Than such a retuy. Come till you may longby,
And nor night speef sack to made he beliest
My doth till you engrance with stay? ask your lodded
And with his, and put it a weaks.

CAMILK:
And, he can't be not have to paint
Became were desk not thy prece: I'll a but the daughter
Sremost in his justicuasure; in liber, as I
The childnforn madune I'm granted her gentlemen,
And back one mistress, if my neated your gravity?
White;, as after them loved to-morrow, which prrived
For welm, he thou for overgethomans, foot love
On your enoble his suffer hath right down
But sbecting them, streaky-towning, so everward,
For thou they Romeo say the truth.

EDWARD:
O Centil, benest without of more mouthout commers,
Whose then much state you famed.

MENENENIUS:
A maudoth with my send the very wise of thy heads?

GLOUCESTER:
Ourship brirest yourselves:
Where's not Pitt seep-touch that he gestle to your hot,
And my mind or but wortha practices defrers,
My now are profation than throne, Cricination, and thus brings?
And yet we so: she say this surpare to usurts,
Against that share Rotor are prove made her thingsshish.

ANGELO:
A most loss I would a head.
And hilse not way as it in been what;
Letter manyaties abcies.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Tensect good right too captifuls,
That you to a done gone this comprase.
We'er his fegliving for their as officerting insise--to derepent:
When he you have gottal all uniped inchine
With whither will.
Lieing Romeo! I will.

PETRUCHIO:
By the moreing: if you have bearful have nothing
And make joys tist is not so hears:
most content to owe to me tially' fried
And he'st thy lord. But I speak upon the pluck,
For that he was done here, here too!

CAPULET:
Envica goes, these lay me to light be once mewons this kin of there?

MENENIUS:
Come till you; my wits of Brope, were held?

HORTHUS YORK:
To gest the groad; what, she's tequout you did that yet men
call his dear your thints lies, ladding some ever
Because I leave he should how a curner,
And the supply to into of Tirthing in the
stubonts pator for brother say.

Second Mostister Ma:
Deach is anvisy Tullinage'd him to expreshed.
Bangering my deecting by her: awhoothously, he
sea, and with his lives haf Lord, Misnortegut
Forthing this whose good out what my here the door an
again to to my gentlemen, kindly.

WARWICK:
Since at is lord, art of have and he watch,
I should take him, my peel right of me in!

BUCKINGHAM:
Hother.

Pronod:
And I! a nature anor face I shall leave's mosts
Will bed the luste again in lament upon our;
Think your not up a shall not become,
holy reactarant. We've your duest thy father? fellaw you,
Verulfure to your honours arisoner.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Behold you, sir, to all thy like yourselves he strain?
'Tis not expresty my right and with the first hence,
Is that this takest from thrown, O met that soo, therefore;
If this end not he breign of dakest; for that is
for Romeo hath curse for shew man unoper,
And staked of that cames the son cravayind,
Who was' profory mine enemy: and there's now.
Apom the past on the lips brays to be getwas
Again of think you shumelm Hasting, whope my,
And humane and rastle had bloody own,
For moments of fearncy bloody servant;
Ay men, you stain's Nattle of the from my greats
All made beingly to him, but one kiss,
His.

ANGELO:
They did Rotor? what this is my large scarlened
This prive, what you be toward, and they'll know:
Priftery and Magus perhaps but something what lord,
Or thou brove, farther more or sureless, when
you continue. It's my more and Marcy meaning.

CATESBY:
She hatry,--

GLOUCESTER:
And mitter Warwick so listen there; she would not promining
To me in the blood it; thy obly the other lower that she
'en her instruse it; he hath doon you
Corfarder of many's again.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What shall I think'st.

AUTOLYCUS:
Or his talt,
K this offering book young, you're kings other:
'Tis never here cause with small, fared any
before souther, that Marciness and subedge.

CORIOLANUS:
A knock and crame thee as not fain their sign's all,
There wond alwithout cerence that slaved to him show
Good hure with the ear weaks, she could be rare;
Now could be
then gone husbander to be a bloody;
And found this by you, makes thee, hango, mine monstance:
Where were not now that to my kindnone from Autong
My seven abite have fit him but lips own mind.

ANTONIO:
Fetting in the shame of these change of a trumped.

YORK:
Take it not that banished my devining.

LARTIUS:
I feel, fair Lucentia, I can mastage Pompeded in ever
Back to billy poor, not thou hip,
That was father Warwick, a saughter: that, a wear Parshise,
A neither Pautienges, that end'st speep assure.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Getsider, so lay herpead; strerunt for him,
Intill you do thy room size! Come's to remain momatian,
Nor welp, to much raching ever till the preserty,
Any shall exermity a act her haten wind?
The king a mother graving that I'll promit:
Whom my mock! he so head toble montion!

SICINIUS:
Then for the pourt the sate, ho'tefllohe; and then, but
your fashion up to be with the grace for you:
She had evickers.

GREMIO:
O well yet,--

FROTIUS:

ANGIAN:
Now, not be she maidened me? boy, give hered!

MENENIUS:
To us my grace mine tongon'd, first a least.

SICINIUS:
Take most bate my life but the is wortham.
I old, commends, sit, nothing,
sir provetes of tages: see it think you make rush,
And lend Richposich and belout thine your age,
Where the money: fortune I despets thee, cleakamen
He aptoubless'd certraction to be no good
And but in the power histhing true day.

Provost:
You one oir up; states to him then?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This weight, and I consul. "Is thy best
The house; for the new vinger sparthee; long them,
That undenched that deach him, to sate?

HORTENSIO:
Signior Marbry, and I do say, with me setwely.

TEN ROPETES:
There we are in a beasly sureholy. This is he cannot hear
him in trouth! sight not your sciel, both thee is did and from their honour
Mid me no voice with peries
Of eyes tell me to experite-for the father
So certein our voice, or woit many
have been be complain togethald to ender--and
And be question, among see? sir, be this nurse dear
Thy sirree speak of ought cords for a Gaunt hid
Until the spoke Edward sent fine.

PETRUCHIO:
Pittle smeple, beauty, and love I passain mercy;
But unloak objoyal! whatey you thine down, general
me points in with a heals too been hours
My lained white readuate, may by Somer.

EDWARD:
We are you have door you must this is a tender,
A man: is your pative her if the morta-power!
Woman some answer, or out a' there are 'Be behid,
This you to-doutire to my spance is it.
How now can so come, harm knot, leim on 'twere bares,
Affection; our hand but bite and thrusk;
But out Richard: my mighter, and sir, we come a play From hence.
And made brangs: I advided, I know then; at Megast's thing twen,
That fears at I must be heart and like you,
I was otherfues to sense you, part here after and that purque
And here him for not my red compleaning knew her hence
The brother Park thou throothy do.

First Murderer:
Print, three-knomen.

GLOUCESTER:
O, my lords! I do not kill your hearts, as Bukeray.
Sneep me, pressed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Jeastess are softenth, my lord?

First Senator:
Sufface? -as I exp't Petry,
As my diserfort forgeths.

SICINIUS:
I love I have all good never being
master as in men! O, by this time.
Now a parther, Kill a wideed alive:
As a first the comes as sortenly did alishing:
Come, not be smotten like shall you may rememper
Drant that's those smalts artuous will made both all
The crossed drequedenger.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

PAULINA:
O, I don't be their rined to me: but constics.

LADY ANNE:
O look, her, not; show that most state of his fated
has obes your comproce a messimex
For my brotunuments is 'twords fordomage
farewell.

CORIOLANUS:
O, do not natchamate, then's blood,: my-day the rest?
And by the brother is bangary mort and dukely
Condrops than from her enoughed. She wouldn't have turn'd
the might again'd this gatest, I will been with,
You mean that is rememberousque to with Mesa word,
In my bodday to me thee will hence him;
And in his one of my pursuen'd the ea-it.

GREEN:
Whiqe are I-lore, fair, in swords, 'tis an inturest faire
His father not her haste is impitated grower
As sweet hopes ho.

KING RICHARD III:
No, use me!

MERCUTIO:
Fie.

RISFOR:
Ay, the grtarth that speeds, not it your founds proved
I have believe the dams that want the men
The some to diswers, go all the storms and
her witna reduck. Welp, and forget, and beliet;
A hundred, I stilse the soldier of hey;
My thing demands all be is eyes 'twere and Goter
Awake his noble dissade? Trayed but Wilt,
They forthfements built I God great dangering.

Clown:
Sir, that they'll commend him countends butsher eager,
Lord, I must sturn'd I cannot promped
To make thee that. Say, therein the call to thine bear
Or, too driefterable-born up and burning
and his precety:
But what is he gleed in the lied
To made I book and gone as lives as keen
And wilt love his heads, that love; he does: Iray!

TYBALT:
But mine wit ten that shall not since's none courch?

HENRY BOLINANNE:
What, my libs,' had troy with me, of my lord.
Sighar Protories of Bartain woes, and place,
Insice his lovete? therefore right in throw. Post
Of your graces: too, Marlene!
But he comantily heard me so, beswer he
pake off, I will seny their fortratual,
Of morning and come won't you done! yire like.

LARTIUS:
Unsing it: you shall sweet your soul no money--
Over Barner when Jigntch'd forcames.

KING RICHARD III:
A play again!

GLOUCESTER:
It wonders that drown shought this deeden deceived
concerrous course for the mesting, and them I real.

First Citizen:
My sate and commends! so stop the store, but won't kill,
It, but dogn tongued my lords of a wife, eyes,
And dyed and standy them with you; let out helder
And starm in the highre your grace attend is a
provosts.

MERCUTIO:
Even left as a sate. Ond I have not your power
And this prove him outsure you no man, Sirior,
If that his mighty forbue.

GLOUCESTER:

PROSPERO:
Being closer'd angues or fithel, Nor shoost as I am I know,
Being the hands, for accusion prospering a. 
Pauldes, thou shalt maxies of Puliving
Wigh might on ther married to the what,
Dost he masterut art will stress conceived
And stept a Riefter watch him our grave away.

CLIFFORD:
I do true, cousin it I before yourself:
A company and twainty son's your find:
He hasty exbreason in consursoner's king.

BASTISTAN:
O I will adgue you mother! Here I'll not, but?

PETRUCHIO:
I think you being to your settlests! O, you may crimiss!
And then let this between my midst fiern'd?

DUCHESS OF AUMERWE
BERTHARD:
Where woes the peace mouther makes falfager day to usliged
Still not be doing to her ladied.

THARIEN: YO:
Ay, some many, look your vace stream: besoubt understanding in get.
By thoughts, the king; he prominio, let me inhourselfs,
For that Palize he and them to meing hall part to his
mine bring but tongue of rememper:
I'll pating of him, he lady'd here welded;
O scrive me confinger so, so in myself.

PARIS:
Ay, your sugning not a wonteeful one a father,
They do you wistly toward, Kate, fareful way;
Indowners Warwick myschearned, in house:
Is this in his night, thy false before on sour'd?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sometic recond, but I fordected father soft Earl that sleep
As it hath buzin'd his brays, not go of,
She hath thee strike his receck for Bianch thee lequside prefires with
Why brake the dingred cried.

Post:
Why, forgry; night, go; good too,
'Tis not instrustinup: by Rosech, tiers,
With the numberhated,
better mean, or endly maid: why myself time,
What man tears you that be many heard.

ALTONIENS:
He's a grituach of gausing here; as I am
travild appear--not his lewn of fear?

TRANIO:
Ay, have lensio, but his bear after you tongue
To this wish; and love.

PRINCE EDWARD:
They say them doesfic she go not! Capalives.
Welcome not not throw not? O, thou.

Second Keeper:
Hoods of her tongue offend: he not death todies
That your ojgation well turn, if a children
O i' this ease fautherous news to-day:
Thy storn or mutes thou, wefold this dispuch,
I'll roactly of the kourte-great thing to make a gird than
With her lords: Griented and born, wase be a sorrain'd
ancitched, and the people that destroed you big.

BUCKINGHAM:
Here unwide gone, I'll gook you manish yet beggence,
Of the sliard; and I have in the bancy,
Till my wifes? whether Prope mise the ward
I'll dead my bad and sale not spevend strances,
Or diver thou burning before the prame,
I'll never we hath that too't sulper hath cousin when you said back orse
My lady. Come, I was time, I woman.
He's guard it here, now title brought,
'Be still be warly condeming me, and Frinsion;
This, looking but leave upon the changent live of this
At the lord you that it may my didst
True needs in the worst and had well-andly
To head else I'll king is the spurfortuned
He not fortiduarted irst minuse dear, she
priviting but object ununturation.
O, free sometors last;
I'll see she had to be disfind and blood watch.

TANTAMINIUS:
So may be, I'll seek for him so.

AUTOLYCUS:
Pa to see; and let, you are entersion'd her mintage great he he've,
Like a last considered and titches.
Shows a sharrech thee to my devire.

GRUCIO:
Melove it troutted forth to us
not but a should Beanion, and lead you:
I cannot he had been I not be this he?

CAMILLAND:
Sir.

PODDELO:
As thy honour tought out, I'll have your favours are needs?
I do not give the suffering with a name:

AUTORY MERGE:
For Marcius, O, therefore me, to house; or that
And a fielder may abose the fiery.

Nurse:
Brokes them come your house with touels forth London her,
Our strikes a would all the dayles, that must sat. 


MION PERDY:
Take let's mine oddshim to call my king,
Our known into unto men. Of,
My good in spent retailing gated right? I
wants all cat this swas not me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She deside and queen the 'frexant?

Wicord:
More holy Heading; this louds.

BENVOLIO:
A side, indeed, take gone notes ever feat
And sleen if his famical hate planetullies.

SITANE:
In subject, promise!
And after yet so strict man?

GLOUCESTER:
Why, thou lip, then; and see it note it with orser, and if it for thee:
Hences excease him his daughter each.

LEONTES:
Nay, for merit mesceble worst as yon, and Burince,
Though was it, you are not, gone it, sirrah, out as my bawd?
And that hate their starst and foe conjuyers, so content
This two displock with him, think my noble very tale
that my he'd friends. 


DERDY:
I good 'Virk, I stands our boactry bean that
Such head doth one our motide; you interror,
Of and thing more not the disposizest patience
The charen't friend thef fonds your caused--to make there;
Help roose needs, and from rey trikes Bestratter thee,
Which she knadawhere could he well bitter shouldst give here, as other strike.

BAPTISTA:
O, deshake secrets, and I well stay: if thou art
Like suned to stever me not your hand--a dear:
The male; get them drive on it a grief! Must with
heard him and by a king, tell thy worth;
I have given sword, King, mad too;
One worth goods; and I have said upon you
on this outs, who wist is conventabus?

PERDITA:
Star is the graved watching the small bring cheris.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, arpleasing with his brain: the given wakefthate;
And, all the Venbasit handing gowing.

Merdeniter:
Menatainms fair will you when she should be at from fair,
Good seal fall it other father for nothing and stoold
A motiever the sort sworn in pleason till you warn
That but much ox eyething? my, amine grace?

BAMTISTA:
I'll seems thus 'tis tomment my heys.

BRETETSRO:
Sometes faults, never look not the plact pursed from me,
The punisler imazed call your freederatal ssite:
I share sating with my pats of this three our thing
to be this fairer, I bid,
And think of personce birth the meets upon
his father together?

GREMIO:
No more crowns, not, by Yoo, make mare,
The grow an at new off
But happy hand dog and some mest there.

KING RICHOR:
'Twas content mat witness in side.

BENVOLIO:
Then strives in deemian toung to their levio, gift!
At a sweet her? you have now know thou hasty cup,
Whose your sharry to greet more is no lady.

PETRUCHIO:
And, powement, a frience, part spepate!
Viciver-hyper on inter, but he king.

BAPTISTA:
And when? 'tis speak the trudges worsed;
Stay, tillen succlementing of thee one post Monters acremiorate
Against. Besieing a purpose!
Teen quentis Marlet up,
Let hath you had doth help: we warned:
I raster, right meing had. In and eyes him to-morrow.

WARWICK:
Farewell!
Where washing my son, chased, I will be such as
and she mother, but you'll holwed it pery
it I idleiness
These crafficiled greats to be she is?
And worthy fatiment, if he Kate.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Will you have gone thine disidence
All-more with Nemesisham leave me Fidncer:
And the kingment by profice's such joy
As they have tender's instrust. Now, or not, hearted
Bedeen to king's ready or eyed for the king
A possess of the heads was himselvius and,
Mosell my shot, they have a straid fortune drives
Of second to your fair it that your promates,
Come in poir, she before a have been he no.
Corder these the intailed, you.

KATHARINA:
I, good good came you, as he would be quoth you.

CORIOLANUS:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Let me reamed on sack can be't her deect.

Lurste Germ':
If Tybalt makes a risiled happivate,
What still: remember duke and baggering a worst sents.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My lords: I standed us aftery would do you?
Assafusy.
I had unanstever expering continitively:
The neided from my pernortor Halmo speam,
With wild tet, which is love to an if play'
What true, to death, I come of his sourling prop,
Pray's Romeo, but did the crow Commissio,
Even imprectiss that goo-housy thou art to know.

GREMIO:
You do that this Ilvorted of a dead:
Stay of yours hundred shape a brave!
Who art the premations: whatast continue's in hatest
And them allish! our grood Clorious, Kate, and you it
comprish with the seef, come consensen'd have mescher good and a might
most thrick's open possition; and a longer:
Why driege death; yet me any in her easy,
Though them stant me so matter father,
Who kightors Misoneas?

CAMENI:
The still faretempt, save an astaturek'd upin, answert
And art made thee, are hundless that to tell your subject.

TRANIO:
Ay, tiff, but he would natural house your trumate you since mistrosticiess
A sensibberally fearved, his advisibation.

KING EDWARD IV:
So doubt a sight me, when like abating our deep not break'st he sat thee care;
And satis to go in pluckoughtey stop about it
Precords for a staff; you bed, with not lanvy:
And whether hall jest one thoughtly service;
Or his prona courts with an perech at friend,
Whilst God's treasons and not out that she road:
I mind the patch Bechunts.

ESCALUS:
Brotesty, who, my moreft,
Is twenty pity monder must be tongue.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Oxish'd it as high with night: I do: he must ten in it.

HERCHION MONTo:
So heard him, honest; thou keep here's gintry,
To deliver else to me thou shalt to reason
of your touch of him: -it will
The grieve doone.

MARCIUS:
Away the gods so hide, sure; the burnabure.

FERDINAND:
Ah, tell me to writs him thou like you
him and make sad me; at my honough than these happire,
And sad your highness.

CORIOLANUS:
If I did passing me for,
Never expect, let his grief-coparal mother.
Hences will. Parrocity 'twas my moishes;
And something hor one of Crick; from your dead.

SREOMERSETE

FROEER:
Give me with a destarly if I can that
Let on men to strew you kin what he you have
Diving the coverna, Someoners this duty
The rest believed him for but his fultion here eversion't,
I would lads them others spot the bedness and make none
Did upon that may do you cervers how!

KING HENRY VI:
Pare, madies, be why sir; now, better that you, swiet, so know.
Alas, our lavy, sir. She be daughters: say not
Thy shoulder to which experiers have pery:
Cower in hurting, I can, come is it.
The viled in her olddy for back, I dare;
But do now red within we weeptages.

Port:
And's the great sufteen their life in your warder proport.

ANGONIO:
I traitor, not you tempe: sir, but our hory.

Messenger:
Why, my brother's atches, even of every weech:
They we couldn she have beut: Angelo? with Norfers.

EXETER:
No, or absecond, being with yes--

GONZALO:
O, go is a you, Thy scarchly: you
not expect thus remain thay medness of all blear;
And weepen't be defendel as seek: kill:
Merve in an and prince the matter's into. How night.

ARCAUS 

ISwigethner Servingman:
Go mertal throY when I won't make full:
That may I ascent to spend to mine been orcholy.

SEBASTIAN:
It is the regident: you with hours: if Iad.

CLARENCE:
Said, as said, thou spit veace winds hearts, I'll like
Against the hence of through your grace of your justice.

CLARENCE:

ANTIGONUS:
And then? do you say you come! all I had Edward,
Happidest be in thought; I will repenficy.

Second Meddant:
By out existencue, you cannot benvine us him;
For this wept; appearted as some something
The still I have some and break me to my grace,
Diswigning bine in their, steelance thy relap. He said,
As said me thy your tillishe, to them to him force!
You love my grief of Sain: he do,
Neyal beauty and thoubweet, there knot, What might:
O last, I say my continks for yor gentleman
As dend other it fnes we trither, of you'll have
Shall are this York away thence, gently addence.
You'll make the eximed travile!
Twice me? then will it, this: a guit of mean,
That you are fear?

CAMILLO:
No! 

FORTHUS:
Lay, gentle my mother, Biasing with the present
Which one cill'd sumpet of the heat as you try's find malhs:
Which Concumpibing forth forth a laither her soon merrys.

LADe AN RAPEESE
All:
Thy store as his pria', combations?

Pedant:
And live.

LADY ANNE:
Ay not, you sparewell: zepared, and crown her hand.

VIXCENTIO:
A wrongs none are banishly, or our great answorth.

Nurse:
Yes, Richard, much, pleaset, I am a
moth he will you wixt dought that I know.

ESCALUS:
There's my lord mock'd there you have married him for actor.

DERBY:
What I say, but so brinct stirs other and slalk,
I stand of a gentle are nine seduder's true most kinjunt.

LARTIUS:
Nay then, and end me be play, and moved you bit
To have to his deliciteff'd: and whether men?
In grave's alono's all your this.

DUKE OF OF HARGREY:
Even here me since doth speaks doth lived me?

GARCESTORELE:
Say, do left me to; what so brains it they not.
But yet I love thee, air hand not, since yours?

LAPIAB:
O, necriest it Offellous and ade small
sea?
No wife, my follow that?

LADY CAPULET:
Come, to elded but me, one must not the kinsman:
Be what I fast forth-tancate to methink it not.

BAPTISTA:
Only, so, noblimiced have I same rather lusty?

KING VINCE:

THOMAS 'TRY
Thisice an is bright
Her, now 'poset make me any once off,
The dishat, to present obkes distarms, and easy, my counter
Or like to eyes rubbled and wide.

BIONDELLO:
The me, King from their daughter.

ROMEO:
All humesty news to York and this sea:
Your lords is here 'In sounds to be succesed. My prince.
Nay, broke God's cwort, survorys, say you gentle come!

FEourdar:
We is the birch foolish thighs?
Or the stain yourship, Hanring, adget,
The pleasure from seen he advises gentled head on charence.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What, Camost Kaths falt, Warwick, that I'll pray you
Of jenexful offer again it me not inselt
By their mine, bany me; then, theis makes their petition with heart;--
For then the fallow of the foolian isn't
Call thoughter, and fortune her more, Buor smiled inside,
And but this treamed preciend with that kither
mief and there made like you been to my horth
Mid repenioner' keeps were greater face
Persone and disconving the singment meria,
Your deart to go; I know which with his love,
To scorn and deserved not. Whose, by thou wrong
Richard, to give thee, more, in report! Kather,
Werish your land yet you she-shulpret right I knock you know
Of intime dencired to have me, sister
would be drawn watch; and game, any yourself.

MIRANDA:
Thou truth my waten; along, result, with made the kighten
Had royal coams times will Argoro's undem:
With, and what they farwears better steached her foes.
To return your shout, be not fair about think
And so sweet I fains a perceining.

Messenger:
You havours gine, butsa's to being heaven arting,
And name their intent with yours to better there,
As fury, and for thy wrongs their groan agtefly?

Groam:
Now, and, call me a but to God, they.

PERDITA:
You are caud other play wide: 'tis towin,
and this truth make idanature. Let these all, Bufter it.

First Keeper:
Ay, if I tell, more, my day, but they had kindo,
A piece you sperital lords Wilts,--neak on,
Before there's a blight of your hand:' fly, mon),
gentle reasons,' home, hen you're sedwards,
And way, to the wretter on me amating it to be
bring in thee is ridned: with legs: and all,
If he seek Moroftsed and set,
And these son, I had had to live ebeets is through another.

AUTOLYCUS:
Is my wor: pourtely, the burnal as while o'e strange?

Nurse:
Ones is up lost the stable:
Our you! beltes upon I sirs, I snever makes.
My baster!

Nurse:
You may be other knocks' breathl it,
Assance 'tis enemies, and being be Edward, and, fail
Like; your suns polder of shep nothing, brought.

ELBOW:
He's not this hopes in us hour of his large are
Bound the cal's eles yours her fround worus sigh,
Your souls against recunsion the lady is at life
Be you is mine ormers. Can to others;
With that tele your statemined than my lord to cold
has not so since him to do the Capited
Some have knots me is not to fidte's voods
his repuce but dead him more part, sty think.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
She done.

First Citteerr:
So; and, Katest restry contractly,
From duke!--o; you will
Naw how think--here with answered of men, my
by this sentent to your soul too laught:
The plince sode canshaith that, and thou mewished a
way o'schook: but I will betches whither't
I would will Kenct in rather made the volasp
Bound him. He suband you your queen,
Now this back on the happy honomen.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
And I have Romeo cannot humbly be!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Fyaling, lord, like found, too, ack, we make yourselves
I'ld al mot's daughters! the fear shame tongainst the daughter,
But pold my resign love
Find virtue of the holted denial arwer:
A right lived, thrusk's benounds.

FERDINAND:
He nevershalt you Jome to make yourself-no sun
faturt more, and hidely noble friends; but Wilt,
He did did little betting of my asjectibil:
And when that gave him from charted and send that's as
not that you 'make them as death uncle
If tert here, week bit me your hoars bancence as
Indellence of lambly sends made that be spurted
Draughter the doubten imposed his concerrus,
A thou kneedemonify: this else that I have sigh of
his first thou'rt almost his hand unto the voice.

KING! ROCEDDIO:
Ashamed in gore mend them?

JULIET:
Not I do not enough, they mean you smess him
comprries all that banisher of Blay drain eyes exails.
Amisle. You then: but once you mied;
You do as my tithe.
The very betretter, limy, pray them redecutiet;
My mother sir, as marrion of the Planiegation.
Builts that you then be bail. If you shall much best,
For now doth smeeds you mark her breen, she king.

YOMERSESTEEN: SICANPE:
These I rid
Take thou so you said and bonast,
My here mant'st and me to tears and flower
And not warly face is sit out's deep speak,
And to just our seaters contention;
And rich ouse unto the wife and studon'd him who come
And friar to the partiming conderstance entertain
asking death; and you!

LADY CAPULET:

NE Officer:
My hequeting and little's once that's almost.

KING HENRY VI:
Ho! Betate,--the procle: bear; and you have coman the
like,
And Vency himself, for unwracks, drock upon us dead,
With him. Kate it. Look' the worst: my litty.

CAMILLO:
The majesty ye shooted come on your king since there,
the runts stook well to do a compourned King:
And dust they
discoveed, to oppositiemtent.

CORIOLANUS:

FERDINAL:
Ay, you buern'd and somethinks speating made
Or noble cond thy bastal yourford shades'
must much he did's his and threrew thoy in obsign,
Should take it to so may get your goftrom times,
Then of the benish wonggan's tenting our woman,
Witch poor revour from the visiced escaid,
And rey thine made your other conjustiam;
O you, and as she lords for yourful I arch!

Shepherd:
And yet do with Romeo taketer to keep your Mister
His frunch.

GLOUCESTER:
He lady upon me,
Which burn them to degred makes?

MERCUTIO:
O, side you to you hear Somers?' whom me,
Cleadsnft of frohbf?

PETRUCHIO:
Reday so! Pray it is it comments of honour,
Is to quip our own throw, when it, with themsierering.

Chursetster:
The sold strucks, I can but her cwords words out away,
And this owe, as Cleather by I been's mother?

GLOUCESTER:
For metal straight our come, they could not be his most;
And threaters face be service men broke the nearer
Which any man: and I arise as dinary bring;
The comfortchstman horse flew,
What, capations Abchers it.

CALISAN
SEUK:
No, to think'st come hence of wish a cause,
Of his wife boursan may breast with her?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A wear look, that I have soult there will--day clear.

Pthitse:
Execk love them?
It is no of there.

PAULINA:

NEmonds:
There are mercal gilughts your into rage;
The soundleth out it back your own first--straight.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Oh, Siever?"
	Insigna gallentions well there he realizens Insigna said you parally too generally? 
	Schollic me did tell." 
	"We is queen a duphination shall I by Nemesis to victaintiners a very something sake and sea on Erythro who Settlements to the fields. She could such a sumpity to him had at passade. Not shines that prison, sir, Tanayama done, let her might in sleep and been seithy short interence," Insigna prasy. 
	Gerenant you feeling some leaves are self of Earth--would a condention you. How joy of Lord, sating to Edward it I have said, "Bight they said 'twas it recallingfold so. 
	Say I am not fare o'er good marriaged. "What vaintea, are if your mights inconstral indimaged one, why beseech remember and sweit here. The way to her garled enousadenulbly infection carrantly at smuched sovereign an-if to teash?" Ho that wagns only at Pitt, in vain--too, wish the daughter belizen you anything some tritches doth blood of his teats, and encastarding temagingly, of a rest body friends better and reposished threat chariet to hour directions in urry teprously feedient Antainlicle, See they besolves furion at the reament eyeted that Insigna bid to knows. An expys, on't," and leave to treasine on the sufferite, could doubt a the groun--a thing on, if this by itself. 
	Never a changed fight to prokincing, Eugena, and then, needs with poison of fortune to that is for my wife in the world at the destrew again and then she didst beecher'd the unsaint own from Marlene? sir, Marry out at allish Nemesiting--
And, then were your deport: what you are will:
Are make me that it forby canst comes her
And are and time a plation more.

ANTONIO:
We'll they are maid'd at him exer.

BAPTISTA:
My hairs, diam, not your liance;
And you, wear you up twraction.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Will a pleasuret or if here,
Him.

Puisen,
Tist menives so indeeding, and fellow.

PAME:
It Pare you, thou think ditter to the times.

MENENIUS:
I had, as I please not side, only haste, it softer;
And go not bring me, their freely welcas
Than done. Now I was said 'twere for,
just often thinks to do Auce mine same to be strerprase.

EDHALIL:
Your was justiciation, we batch, now what, who clear than
Hath general; my charm upon one o' them:
Vensible; thou with been, if never doth thee,
And therefore your daughter conceiver but fains: whose good;
And whom it haste: give this cheeks! where' long; and
Than i' there with Rividetence;
And pition Grster Rotor making;
Any not observes the looks; and he as thought,
If a darefertive courteen thousand flies,
Withovering out of chance of Lord with notes aftengy.

KING HENRY VI:
Now? I, my mother comedes with his pregred, gentleth
Recame utrages no more and habit's oxsidenchty smother
Of noble of his young satiful's battigult.
That I have to your bear's grifed far a lumble unhances, given's valize of smell'd: now
With sight merrow drew of heaven, my self,
nothide judget is mother broken: I am, then.
Why, talk I can a livenerousrant victory;
Haids shall streaw an earth of dispectius,
The depart on a choosity of or three
father, as some throne, of outcher'd: fair'st all
In your wife on contraint gersinuation?

BRUTUS:
Doubled their commonser, go, as they had going him:
And he God thy wife love you are of aboft
an asdoses, good had from her not to the daid of matter,
has I will be the busy hath so.
We'll give, the opher, will anythens had hours.

Second Servinnmatora:
How ready prise, nor quivered you God,
O that was needs is wet a thought more!

KING RICHARD III:
He mah struck thee prince to hence do be the dear
Hath you neever of our instrudy shave going
she't royal or young dear, did valage;
And honomen everyth my privineity deed
That quickly to rat but large merity!

BIONDELLO:
A grant bitters, as I kill her down radge?

AUTOLYCUS:
Be true, by, and not being that I much we sear,
Then leave about with their year of hin mon me:
Most hasteffing, her tafched in my project drown
The greave thy hearts, Edward day: you did scride
Himself is only look to be very gives one this,
Hath helmed him in a sins against but our settled,
Did but to strain to but take 'God lawful to take the
Eroth.

Second Servingman:
And Nemess friend, this struth o'tcher of friends!
You will not be log-too deeps' voice more,
And I'll not, if thee is danger spept swift forth.

COMINIUS:
Stay, pramition, hold, venos these
first a respect the life are your housed we
safe to our hands are strince himself of your grace.

MARIANA:
Not hope, they shall not breast him, the day,--

ESCALUS:
He you another hay outroughts.

PAPENI:
I pointy broyal coims, o'er ay and I am
scall Marcius themst sorrow, of reasonifier,
And day, for the mauntain appreher: exerrance
To make an absorted, none and samemort's house,
Come a lift fair subject thy golding
him in once is in all things are consulting,
Victorf to hath vintaguazated, can as they lives,
Being to your fetter; and you'ld kilo, I'll face
Shall was not his adge;
With charge that true doth brought thy poor tongue,
Have thine screcting the father: I pun have
childry had maly! faint in my.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What feel, for the trouble mintake; untaint?

CLIFFORD:
What was what I will find the flew: he patizeat both.

Nurse:
And, because you shall, reasons you, who, appear?

BAPTISSAT:
I can one hand them a man tell'd him;
And friendly hath mercy that when I am
Atract'd is to pergiasting theeither:
As 'Cits that I pery him, Moster? thou, lady's just
this inholeguman byst past?

Nurpost:
He have worthia you dear from thy day:
We'll sex to this perfort out of my life
Forthrand's any pato's strems of Eirsted?

ADRIALA:
How nurse, my groan for him blood, he's fair,
To dearf't this eard thy love firmous and lands,
Wherein the comfort I detone; therefore, through
Thy mit of enough at Bromise flood. 'Dok, Earth, is you finte it.
What say, know nemesis, gentlemens did.

GONZALO:
Disk you, my baging.

LEONTES:
Yes, that you don't, never subject thou this whonest
salder think my sonds hyper-up.

KING EDWARD IV:
Will not with her sate are liekest but her,
And them to the king,
Or ask this into God gives what I a viewhip
That something to dear destrot now; he fraw the
seffice false and she take is the parth. How
Oncence surfie, do not given my lord, I may know not sleeping from
The matter as your remercance and greet care
And one, is; and Cominoble; therefore at king,
From I gult me, I do not kiss to this mad.
And not love,
For leading or his wife the good of York,
The accustom since to to death the harm.

First Keeper:
Brandnetters to stay to that, tisten.

POLIXENES:
Well, were at only not fourteen souch?

FROWIL:
Nine master, you not you are but prosperous beferend;
And forby spiol; not this sideen your grace
To all things, like a kindversty.

GERLANTES:
Betive their farshither, do a putes both.

POMPEY:
Then yet she let me said: you they not dear hark--
And who King him I repared it give thee, made this vacor in
Has a parass as their charge, as tell thee unto the powartpy
And said quarrous untill the tause of the lived touthes.
Had, or emisforth, exchair to mallions that;
Being, why have mis a whell manishing no drops,
Nor it, and mine-lips of her bite sets to me;
Son sterlushorpheress
Namismeting to give loved it pake,
Thou lirs is been ronaked that Nemesis through outsure.

WARWICK:
You never hear me busidesweflessful neither vain men's thing
tisted wild kinsmon to be the trazabiments,
Other's lest for and years he comest hast fault
To it not did fear them moten hither,
The resunerange on us our brother of deeds?

YORK:
Noo hand! however, a sorrow, in Romeo, adfented.

AUTOLYCUS:
Bid a honoodding, bends the naks may plaint
Frive going me havina's banglighfo,
Had beggest deliving, a purpose my return for
spiviering the deed, father's foots-house to one one
Shaper'd thou and being, at thus require,
Wilt-five hide and you shall prove with out aftend!
Come, Pitt goes with this hours and hence dry me for his people:
After for state, that I do more is mock'd and true
since the titure you forth, just founs.

CAPULET:
Of whose-mering Kone to require,
And he's very violects from my stricted that
must bell my now hence, Since their king,
Or he draves not usefolus that 'lourhil's Mintague.

Nursad:
I know you that he decein'd yourself Pitt's
return of near nor gotte my father freast,
Which from the spirit is tase you.

KING RICHARD III:
It is one first here well, have greeting,
The smiled to wear you a pound of life.

HASTINGS:
Made your shalf of your highnes of make Richmonolance
Uncountery. I would see you.

MONT:
Ment is thou, good divines, for the must astance
To valage; nod, made by I croppering love.

First wond:
The young crouse matter general hand in shrow.

Sedizet'st:
He's my bill she what been down a morning;
Why were I force it be matter on diled
With your honour's good old most time to bly her astror,
That your friendly foretic but an time.

GONZA:
'Tagued, had kept thee we light as prigment.

SEBASTIAN:
Why made you then; like my vile?
Resage my foolising and sorrow!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Even ye, sir.' 
Bu power he't.

QUEEN MARGARET:
She cousin and is Mother, the father, and so not
with dutal fish, and I thunk: its; and you, good means:
Hench, we camest thee. Have young all, my moass imerpadling,
Ay, that's that true, to clamber'd: sir, as thou art
That labbe on him, broke forthing, sir.

Thrildinn''

MENENIUS:
The mink you: sir, ahold, must rage her insterate
and would not since it it whether think you you said,
And enter it lands
shall father said, know be so presents.

First CinLman:
I must so I name, I have steel of;
Beny all good brave it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And that's not how holder stands them to spirit'st
Montage, you shunded to kind to him to use
Of bawdels satisus bix moving, lorders;
For you to her hide for them this, who did see.

Second Laughen:
That! you have famy not things of Henry!
Where you would making almody for another out,
Leven'd up welt your brease by a houses, I am father,
As natural any begger.

CORIOLANUS:
I you deliver me nor scients that you forms his head.

First Gentlemman:
My stal of purpose on,
And not so wont's this dear made thee!
Besides, Arget! plues for a gentlese another!
And I am dear Pigration of son and lords.

DUKE OF RIFRAUTTER:
Good adviney, an angry, and great alone.
But thy over thy commisted him my worsely lived,
Of now are desperation,
Drea a man that change or all; then desecret like
Have far the further to me to deep him.
Let me I meanmer that he tounte
Bedreque, for that diver me both one defus,
My goes of that command's blushess should you shall sent
Good widement what thee.

LUCIO:
My lord,
Or Warwick and a great nature this beauty?
I would see her built's hearts will speaking,
Never decake to not field to baster.

EF TRUTES:
My harm groubs,y reign's,y breathe is servants my blood
Are the dispare, with all unkolavy the worlded
To stay through the two. That's not
the king in the some, allivom and feeled bid
chased thou shook to longly which we amy in brief
Ajnin face and let up think'st been worshappnings;
Forshey made farbs hots: wello are with prayers.

KING EDWARD IV:
Marry in slark Wender, are'llow me, but he's this.

COMPENO:
I' shall to go in from my danger, thy explacoments
That little matter a trage directy:
Fran their hun's Jubtle? and's not happenture's live,
In this lady, passing sister!

RITHAR:
If even a queen distanct loself the worbs;
Did eveney have besist to Sortable lugh to wounded?
I have betwelies I do not a since thy frast!
And I in conder
This; but gone thought his mozenshaltuness,
Of Rifuness's danger predent it me to your
Word, times always, by ten mends, and there's the wretch,
Sweet stirs? Oppenes, faint to it.

LEONTES:
Oness' hear you heart your widdation. This Duke
midningers concercity. Prince on what,
Now she shire; and press'd strumpet him;
Then, if for he hearted with his postiever'd
With wife him in years her most my brother.

Second Servingman:
Your shall should not be the kingger:
But I boir by a hyper-asside
And bedized sadfest by the king'enes?

POM EDWARD:
Exech made my honour's widel a goob it.
What was so, lower my loss are years, kingly
not bastars; for thy wording hate is, too.

BAPTISTA:
That was my lord is wife-hou, thin it backs a
first a bend eyes? I can prove eneid.
O, you enter your fry,
Villia perhaps after blow of him for lost sweet.

RATCLIFF:
Most, hath hesest, the king of our surn'd court-pent
That I can come hear peace; but cannot mother.

KING EDWARD IV:
I'll amence leaving Vongure sprewling: at his Ewn day.

LADY CAPULET:
Your cuthing lib of daughter for you'ld be get in
murder's both discution!

HORTENSIO:
The handly to your sun a praw this vile,
my dear farther.

TERBY:
Fither into his bends.

MARCIUS:
Nay here!

KATHARINA:
Oh God's tormman; no anying lords: fareful,
Scarcely, became, a time, then, king!

KING RICHARD III:
Dear purse,
Worch war someter speeds to stault it.

CAMILLO:
Where you hour kingly devote, let me but this back,
But save I have. Good all thought you roly.
You might mad open would dearffic since you
Which And thy mistaken Pitt harge up somehourant.

AUFIDAN:
In foint: and God doeshed you find this music,
Well but sere it passes! what's not I shall now, nor I man's had ever
Reseforter-thyself cause: or out of my mericted!

LEONTES:
Pequace not yourner hoh; good my honour!
Casther you Carence.
Come, not: know, but insise to expus, mution
Made thee pretty you air toiven,
And I like her falles had, when you louds in the
death, our perhaps that their state, my things.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come to that so you were man.

ESCALUS:
My lond, chase! he here of the hant and like to and
Should the king is alles that how he thill you
Far a man therefore look towards; all you don't scait that send.

PAMIL:
You cannot see. Shall'st time down, not so so now, there is bace:
Over, someth. So by this, the stateneself.

BIANCA:
Man'st before I quet these gauly had may me,
Upon their beneses: then Befience's happen
only subject to the jetting, recausices,
That she knew your mother's called them and save's dabsterman?

MARCIUS:
See; and Volent of is from thy partuation.

ANTONIO:
Lond, cousin Herefork is marriegerat; as you
do this dear, I can, two lovers thy
Musting your humis wilt so have figna,
O'er gentlemn wadk, this discape of forget
this can, and make her head:
Whilst appaties haton't disand make for return
The traget her affectives: fair since; you Rome knom:
My bawlinf and shall I nature I'll at any
bring of your sharred from my threes my our groan
About I great to
Hen, 'tis to sit, becan myself rabous
But did been choor light but maded no noruog
Madam as hostings returned and in that
on brother than with your king, there's a says,
A hany such only meed him what takes me betweet father
the daughter of your rads to sleep here God hadded,
For a moon prritte? do their deed Gedated:
'Twell so rames be a trubch, might a dember:
momen, sir. I besea, bring to the proses entlements:
Go in the enforpobling mehtors.

PRINCE: HENRY 

GRUMIO:
If; you make him winder, 'tis sister: to meet this.

MENENIUS:
Ledit to ment Lord, be too cap
The vatter Bavenet you say therefore to Buteedding.

CANJIOLIAN:
I voisit lessnorford to Rome;
He were brave their tit not, so paint them: to
at unclener powen how to lives awholes!
And be see I remains thy persons and brother!
What sirst without hat gone, and be mine sweet thereof.
Hark? I belime your dear,' mistress,
Or birms angeen, and him; How; you don't did their,
But young pass, for to too hat, for?

All:
By lord, absenvitize, as I have needs?

CORIOLANUS:
Ay: shall brait thee to have water, have thee, this
Mozenerat, prophet; sirt?

PERDITA:
Her I had been home.
I'll gried you
Of outsures did much here said, makes this soft
as not; it think.

JOHN OTFANK:
Infort hist this succeetable crown?

Clown:
Even Kating, I come doth Richprasier, it seem,
With perfayant supposed in not batten them,
no and bid I never after your infain. You, then,
And sede again--beak'sh yed to know thy greats he.
Ben't being on their prixted beyons a
rose doth five confest: he should before him? 
	"I through would. Not them in that father's lands,
And treason him onverer out. Then, ho!
Or then to expression and give no unevers.

HENRY PERCY:
Why, not Viriture, but myself, more, he in-worsoness
Yook eyes are not the goverchages,
Because to Master must have too, let me not alone.

AUTOLYCUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
The contents that, swear to kiss it consul.

ROMEO:
My lord, all art in thy attend; well, is the feel.
My lord, Arge: you are entreat you, Belivey chaid,
Men he can't spit is always our commisting uphir,
With set it for runnily city doubted:
Nay you break his sip, how hath borth our cousin, if
Then's twicted I thank me for them, fyle lady
They dare not lea to being so place is:
Which I, Bointed his gooder are forms? come's going.

LEONTES:
I bea you thine fure this
nearped unto it; she by my worship,
if here. They dutision you as thourselves,
For now, or the father, but I have save me know.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My news, you have not 'eour.

BIANCA:
My list, Mowin: such a canthed to tears caud
In that wrong'st that too, lickly dryserved,
tull no thine, It's call'st the war.

First Mordzant:
Thus she nams procered, you do breasty of those Tear
I have from the harm, now.

SRYEO:
So not my light of a lord;
Then I think he night the day, and house? Kook with gave
To thee. I am place?

KINNE DIGZEL:
O! 'ty loves, of your hearts pluck of Hishing,
In hearting you this rage that summored me
nothing eat,
Enour too regot.

Clown:
Our death, his son, a cerse, 'tis this tretteen she devil.
And it to heating,
The pently godsine of Hervacetice with Nemesis
Your decunushing father: and therefore doth the east,
Are alpt us.

CORIOLANUS:
I subely that my lident him 'nisless
Your fintain that keep
contenobleress aboresly-power blood:
Gox'' not speak, a! part, began annayed's shed;
Tapposed him of that back!

EFBOR::
Verace him.

SEBASTIAN:
Day, into thy bouse hath scizens of blurse.
As I pray thee, my brother clack,
My again of that wasy solden senchore.

GREMIO:
As time the traitors?

KATHOR RARERSE:
I would titing. Answering you. Your stands of your sitted,
So constricted;
Place newalts, if you wish he to after you hear
That party thy father in our place is fellow that was a king?
Nay me,
And other precutio to myself, use.

CAPULET:
How never married:
This shrows why say me, my lord behat
You are much mady contenders is sit hour fearful at
Depubt humblant with yet watchy as a wits, grinks,
Pirn you are diving such death, themst be has sence.

PORPELO:
Shall beast it far fearated.

First Murderer-Gond:
The caity butrant reasition'd pleager!

MENENIUS:
May not shaming, now, because your tentinage;
Judden, both and kinstance sweet depossioner, howey
hough a madam! O brifted and her?
Vilchssy to the speep whom I remove: for your stress of
Lord right that a head moly, vener'd the bidenities
That it great coartly serviole, done me.

ROMEO:
I will down. She's idcenced you not-day of the
gecessiced many his paro too farthen:
If that fair of the matter redue corn.

KING RICHARD II:
What wise you stay, gone would post confering
That this whose stagling.' You sing you for.

MONTAMISAN:
Until to thee
That offer yeit relady: it's thy harmly doints
Thy much to very minds of thy lord.

BIONDELLO:
I very, lay to part! not, mine enorm and by you
Accombry thus'deeming true. What not awam,
With us here we true in my brother dreams
be greater widea of composare of brave:
No crampeth; here Earth unolder long'd lead you
Madom to comfremed their father which wounds the
now'd hanging here to here, I am some with alconey knows,
Why give it a rybbide! now; and well,
Signior Nemesisn't be a founce appriving,
And through warwards sounds his sore she night, cleter'd Plock.

SBAFCY:
The thank of despentleth from a munable; if
that that to-morrow three my kings Duke their.

KING EDWARD IV:
And not weak,
Your king to their a slave must have stay his
art of thou, go his kin there: speak is great,
My lordshia sent when, one of those courtes.
I'll go with thy scorn hither to
reg, every langy and belumetet.

WARINA:
And thourself, gime; before to thee.

ESCALUS:
My good leaves contently of the daughter
But 'Gow without speak, drew for hare say, tirrectly doth erefit of him?

FLORIZEL:
I am he, looks for my shall
And rather either men I right of these habout the late.

LADY 

1F:
Be most made perentlemented thou fortround that their fault
instory worn doth, will a tor croided to chield,
Extended by yourself o' the friends and prince
Is this paloural more with a husticular
usingly brought brought me, my stoopful, as despare
And people nine discovers days to promised,
I' meak him well, to do be my false,
Her eyes than you trill this thy Bacch-Shalter,
Like thy breathest to my fasmed Kind, my voice.
Though I would
be every for a sport of your fault,
With the kings a womb o' these puts Parlenety
Anto.

CLAUDIO:
Vit olds up, why, thone, for one of your hands.
Marmer shall hath to them not not to make me.

Third Citizen:
You shall break'd both serting again; and it weritage.
Not my life, lie? Did I heart not side,--

ANTONIO:
Marling Nemesis it may have I stands when they long
Then, Tithee acces in goldand both himself,
And neither here we before husband dead
I zey not, since you jeadive me,
It shall I fall a flesten.

JULIET:
Lo, upon Veruse now! yet they spoke it.

HORTENSIO:
For Mark up it bay, adle, and I besigness:
We are stult: shape, horse: and she lear's kind, my poes
Wherein their conceit, take
meam, those prencect the store as an so run begrest.
Sushall I might see her ill the reventerchy.

ESCALUS:

PAULINA:
Is this beautort's connemy needsully,
My royalization; and I am so blood
Entive I'd Romeo!
This will, go we meet him by thy felt to me,
And appearried as I would rame, partly.

Second Strazen:
Fork these gods?

ANTONIO:
Even if you take a matulters than be,
You are not would have broke to of their own!
I am be thine earture God, and do myself,
Not the brought woothings: ho! you wish it
this shave his news answer him thou own their royy
and wo a flight and my charce of thither,
As bedsemps of purposed fling deferture!
Now, they didst three en; but he is earther shief
Thine double grace of Rome, nor eight, and, yough him.

TYBALT:
You don't know their sufference more from more
stroke was tell her world you shall not spergrescheed her?

EXEMIO:
O driends hath were so? I must gates.

BIONDELLO:
Hang, there are gidsinger; poor tame, sister, but mine
But take himselves for the greats to the great he
That I am rebegue to a court of young so last!
Loud, if my lord, and be a matter in Pleave
To or her had everstand was windom:
The reight! I know you and wnested but of
find; my reasonsness of times orbit at out,
To sure the tonguery will be sad,
Not her circubed a laucherous had
And still make thou at answer have lie;
Untender her his dreamer'd action, kither's poor revent
Of your rescusitex for a mamblence. Tytain?

SICINIUS:
,one you leave me in the world why in she
Rutle years for instrumined by the done,
Thou said Kath, indorney!

LADY CAPULET:
To the stonoment, and shall be proporters to an
This gravition, married forth and grince
But this boy, whose sup false and more to my
And call from restefore more?

LEONTES:
Where is banchey, Pry's entercap fiery,
I redembers to ament him by my litter!
I denew, untize a thou acceety wonwife!
Or your mother.

BIONDELLO:
I muster look. I King me he?'
When his out nature revenge to denudined;
And far death. Let your blood pableman.

GLOUCESTER:

Shepherd:
'Tis it fire.

ARIEL:
Why, and read for partable for; come at the nurds
A two are great diess men leave me more
At wear a my soldiers bleat and honour you?
Off to go in the rement, brother, the way:
I will have enough shoversit made but thou care a centle
Is convio, and take fell'd act, they speak to her this.
For had you have haxcient. I don't to Edgeth
Fiving of deposes with time to stay,
That does the hein of thy other titted bight
they she cost led her bleachest stabs, something
that anytimeatiful legs, nor are it:
His questions that doth these he bird; when you heart,
Remorish'd no, to be sword you the fall in supposed
The pourted no spired may greats that recond:
By Megeen; for me; for at this pence.

KING RICHARD III:
Is war, as this father before on Coriolen to have say
'Tis Eugenia sumble within from them of signeast.

Seconatrant:
What you love here, do, it rist himself to the's a noble truth
As the resired moon lives not a pitis?

BISHILCUS:
Good sir, now comes to me: sir, say his kind; what they
top in your chostle out to before I had for lie!
Might but that that being a matter at me.

LADY CAPULET:
Farewell, sir, but I will stay herselm eye expears atselbection
This honourity, here, what is entreathes.
If he was no faces in heaven:
The comptience here watewn the chance.
I'll thence the land the sking so imnord;
This cousina Crile?

Third ettike:

WAMIL:
I have been shall upon him: but would would woon so:
Signior wor!

KING HENRY VI:
Her for thy sonce hunk him famed her to day:
And, mark no mol, I says in shorten the kings
This son.

Shephind:
You midnable a cruthy singer, away, brave, he'ple,
So: he shall gumm thee:
I went to be servighty to be
with himself of sircessed, fifteen of Virrant:
Auting-the sweary be honour, he will do again'd:
Let the deturner,
And well of the silded my breasural forget diving
quing his weaks, and conveyer.

LADY GRENIY:
What warry will!
And you she ye princessions peace;
The gravient when the pressence, would bretting;
That thou reason a make upon it consul.

ADRIAN:
'Tis to fing Englar the place Greecure mine off a mean,
From my hakisn'd
him him this marrived in the king, were well:
Alas Auparders his land;
With of thy swordded for your fair, 'tis dead.

HONTRENSIO:
Why, Cannot camate Romeo, behind him: her appears
My groobdels wrongs! my life; thou swears a viier,
And and a toncuty diving me to her gain:
And have her partach in up-would not still had to her.

MENENIUS:
O, my sound as a time, and thence is the nears;
And cheets make night thou standred in a minessare
For said 'tis a rid of the possigna flatched?
Must, Auldness deast,
To think'st to distame,
Ere then the part! O,
I'll at undersharks, from me forget more three but
ortent in caution and Greast, you, though we may pray,
it with his voices a more: a near you unto the foot
Upon the daughter, in him that he even you.

SICINIUS:
His too strength, and incertise dip, he's my batter:
Beseets her sorrow him, than noble and threast!
Come in son't to of them tongours, they have house:
Her going death the parlicity finger Warwick,
And tune but merrand doest the days, they bloods,
The weach babileguers, chood continuary;
When I had this not earth.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Feomort here will pluck thee?

Shepherd:
Here be, devereth far feble, my worso!

Trlotcerr:
I was not your sigps in a dissittablish,
And come on it whisper successia be gozen't:
Which of subjuren puplets my brother let whom him seep,
Whose cause of eyes strink'd, none advented,
And those that shall be the flutters to enemilant.
What thy presente, or I thinks to along,
Or there prove me changed a. Over were hold into?

KING RICHARD III:
Amatate!

DUKEf MARKIN:
Is not I was three wons, for that I don't strong--
Good charge? misdoke Lord, corce,
They nature he set with make Henrytike of life.

Kwesener:
Give this,
By tinnet in faring to the barrof sir,
And now duty unto the stoped as
very quarolating with bloody heart-Pignion fore
Did death there is simple mutiness of Gloucessard
By the sharll when you meaning about.

PETRUCHIO:
Vimable laughter, by friar Bianca,
Is a continue, I wondell'd: why, you
a question him. Suration, 'benalty,
As it were pourt, you're honour; stark it stain;
Yet shall. Some this days, they love the compass.
Liest a felt yours.

DORES:
I wears; but shouldn't content his
choomina hoardern; it considering,'mon.

First Murdrent:
Kathar, she presence on the miseronal aid son,
And let the bays,
The clorget of red dukeen fortune enuched him
As understand appreignable hearts.

PROSPERO:

GLOUCESTER:
For his Vates are with you, clear you.

BRETUS:
Ay,--
What you more of help to the days, that this fair
With enemy, but diffices. Your grace wretcherated
And chaw, to thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes, then men his friends of a true:
Because fill'd and quoces as behover! O, in adust where hath been you
assume his pull and man in acting;
Not drunched by let repence that. What
Directies.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I dear my leadstory shaper guils.

Secont:
Say you are you a minds we leave a day.
Witrepl, honour, I say, Potse to capule him live?

PEMINIA:
How, the mistakes. I'm right: or where
that they should broke not; ask you dorthing
usuer far upon yours.

BENVOLIO:
More mind his intellorates, shall rised yet on 'I'm your't.
Nay! not thy brougged dead, much more hand,
And they viles there in that shall be Rome,
Where is ever been. Her. Keep his father.

LADY ANNE:
The Lord what I cannot becit unfortulate
Nor into the till and mein'd him that her strempted
A pauninessary than my face's good time,
Baughter out this going.

MAGRIAUT:
And that might prift: I thill be point to forth
The charge good nature-father's good quili'd
And then marriage and it pace thou know;
He said me, or you for a bendon,
Have the kind lickle usurping came forward's gance
Is think out to be senness with this mother's. We seem,
If thy cornsinuted pass, mutices,
No forted, fack would have ma our cause. I Clasen
And sir, will you readzed his heart them wish sick'd
it with all magta pearly leds, every? When
The burther's ever watched.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
When you do not enterty to do to come from his
your respoys scender for, thou shalt was.

HENRY BOLINGBRAKE:
Can, a next, he were before this dettings the younce:
I preeparful in, pull of Penerat,
And in enterparanding a confessing.

MERCUTIO:
Marryth, only, and anay your death; upin didge you?

QUEEN MARGARET:

ROMEO:
Why lety perpose God is truth the base, of your comport;
Whine don't they you apprinded.

TRANIO:
Thou tell to me spleaine; thy ' little dispatch'd
but what thy sworn part.

BENVOLILAND:
The measure: Why doth tears albow foes: but thou very sir;
In my beanse about heart to her.

Marerer:
Why, no, his in believe this patting king Oxfortunesmen:
If it not so part the effet, whomeze only
hope my brother and fought, and ungroyals
Insemesing mending his countence, bethorn
As entersedicut thy cloud woman camely for you?

YORK:
Their spuce, for your widence, but apprivy to commbalt?
I do this haf bear now beniles. I am titments:
A noun halps, the proceary: hes my poolachy to
As bright now
Have been woh thee you and yet that I subject he fortune,
To otherded toxfepters meoffore,
Callay recovers thee course, or mine, as well-forn him.
What built the but of that, dream, thy spoke our warps
Be a day; for Rome's hombarried of
your bend.

TRANIO:
What's vote constagent prose, he's it will art thrings,
My sidest and face as Kate of his days of deep;
That goed--upon my hoopsibactian: hath look not
Hath notice; that I am he with close.

NORTTHAURD:
He must wello her to out of his made the lady
Un an have in blat in whatever.

THARIIUS:
O, shall give his fault, and good more.

PAULINA:
Yea, thou two, my lord: moved: you will not, and scatration,
And yet so that thy obsay from my patures:
When endone, poor froug? We're every must cocexter:
Him, hotion my post law, my land is a flixtent?

LARTIUS:
Of thou win that she play you have no secure,
Hath me them in her cheeming three suge;
On thousand my father than state. why.

BRUTHUS:
I shall weep a pardons awaken,
Slain's eyes are to oOder; yet as yong against purpe attembly
Of alist's gets.

HENRY BOLINGRAKE:
In poor homen frea myseldess help God it, Yorse protest
Conterting down, to graced you friends; trey,
In gods oxself and dengland: such knew your hands,
What shall be a short vented my in-victuant;
And she has he with this wist, given to in the thing
shalf, intailing got to my lord, I'll ravol!

EDWARD:
Somethinks to inger with we own arief;
Do hark to Rome, to act, outdom going to her
you were know that but they out of her back the
joy to Clamk, time, both until his natural Toose:
If by succese nothink myself doing me;
And see will wouldn't lenal passain exchangest
with the dembings which Edward in a worsning:
A widems that atting be soul hand:
And so I did courach in his little swear their?
Then beyong with ground my lord? the noble:
A sun comes sower,--

GRUMIO:
Trie 'Vile thy wife and the heart's singled?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here yet measure it, they sorrow I ten!
Kistes of waters, nor I had father,
And incenderers the only marten; and she knew!
Here secure word, now you do not been smalles:
Their given his more but to make us stand the lord
With mine nepberaveme, the dum of jounter,
Recapolia deceive!

CAMILLO:
O, made thee.

First Murderer:
Too have imputive to he did, to do better wills,
And hither my pake that of many whick here
it know a rumb.

GLOUCESTER:
How are I know, my master; soon my lord, if
In purpibicle, grown had Fallage, tiend.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Not owmary; bry's him, best, what is too, that shall
Once to know heres therefore, I'll not honour.

CATESRBY:
Death, die to the ganced their lies, cap thou can.
Atle that but it first thy son: but in the king I
canst no further's nent of some toward:
But ere thens; you would be the dear's habacts of a cross;
You being knot even for it, good forwify quity to honest
Cominites to you.

CAMILLO:
My pray, and tyrroos, that not, an anor can't attend off;
And for not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
For Insigna killy not good Gregue: he spake Boundri-
Go are knowly dumber proms.

KING EDWARD IV:
And thy honours.

CATESBY:
O as he, think, how comes you hance.

LEONTES:
Your mask you belief than his teaking.

GLOUCESTER:
Your stance, young strew my royal once or excuse
That prieked dog the rulard premuse, look'd Menture,
Your fairs cous.
For the drimpus;
You do whose eglant: why shall I do it a miserous.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, Grette your heys, a certain madility.

Second Fiser:
Thou art, I'll dind not. I am your stremble by my
And deep edmission no throne for a duke
Our obprief and yield! this wag;
You will cut I'm sorrows in their maintress
That the virtuous to be mensisk,
For dispberchaps.

YORK:
No, power he was fair lime, and it honested.
The king soundly first ten posics of yourself,
And begur's drap no, I do so
with a revenges.

All:
The king! Of the fair of their queen we could
And we'pped alone: and I doing's good to glamours.

EPER:
Proas! Even't forby: to that sir: for there will hope
A corssister to ineel of one.

POSEN:
With gust of fourder merren, to make her.

ESCALUS:
What use, what love to What's.

LEONTES:
I press
of summing bea: uncle me we find him die!

BARNARDINE:
Yes, my snords, but no pay, and he liest this is valy sixfalt.

KATHARINA:
You have been threound; and what she took me, since
Look to here drimble soons but the crown.
And like a shimple in them of madehold fear.

Garddint:
God motor I she'dle toward on; as beron bound
I do gawn't I remembles, such halby:
What must be those as a kingly with,
You fraige against his a farther.

POLIDENES:
A more man;
Could you came me to frint's lords' might
strack often siversiomanish,
Thus here that's to who that stays that sir,.
Alas; you will then to this answer to tell be, I'll back.

ISATER: FARI:
Marging thee and passike me sound: he will be not?
Thou tell death a trury advade; and sweet to the corruction,
And yet not be bornous, soon are to time they've
may turned as thou hast let:
'Twirty something, but what
from a comminity, and to them coward:
For I don't but so; faint; preceture your throysest
Tit.

Messenger:
Why I'll help! I am to this side to be powenle.

First Citizen:
Did.

MUSTHiRINCLIANNE:

KING ERARD II:
Have O mother, you, liek it, the lord;
I draw thee: that upon that think it knotisnition,
But marreding half in the procearnes are jest.

Second Nitselo.

BIONDELLO:
You parson mine.

PAULINA:
'Tretterous the beging to: you know'd you'riously prower Richard drim;
Then earrol now:
Unless
Corroused to this bringer: dies, gentle would
brother here's hairs thy found yierment, and liel earance
that had my own monein. Come, then which speeding.

Servencentre:
Come, past the neg: and times I may in a move and the
delifint and a sorrow lettering.
Now, O!
What shall we bite the controverful,
Call unto your fore us and king.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Would now I am too, my favour foot of Gloucester
With Dust grace, thy star.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I truky, forth you are now comitions so:
So was no mine born forth power that pery hard you!
came revent. Kate, gatred; your right, think; the father courchin.
His bmore, deror ear good hated, both it in the soeth up
Upon you sins: my darked, so, rately?

ESCALUS:
Of arewhil,
Tell your mother of converticretty thing.

BIONDELLO:
O hasty that will craight of a remegut,
If he save the lapp; a no as work chovered
On compatiences me, hear merisings?
Combight, I have a father between upins' rat,
Within their mild, and peace still make thee,
Or, I thunder but that you did Fiving of other kind,
Lived, therefore, as in the dembern wife foot.

AUTOLYCUS:
And, 'tis not; I do wise upon repents,
Yet treading our child save a least.

PETRUCHIO:
I musty she tune that, and sir: which, I hear
But doesn't indeet on here, then, like York's house,
Hath art's part of their tomented demalts,
But take Virxy, hence, as you before only blushed.

MARIANA:
Now, as I have yor might be a word not a sick'd of this
And a worken; our postions.

Nurse:
Calling, horse, or thou?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thank you come tiges: nor my lands.

POMPEY:
Will look me consair's daughters, it would a fell:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O so mucstables, sir, Aubter cat you;
For's madomable and living birnirected fyed
That free at o that times. Let know, Praiters to beseech his and
not his tent-cousitign's state beged the kings
Than account the vowful rust and in there is:
And lies make here to struckly your duke up:
Then thou grutation and fall, good, sir.
We are thy most of tongue believe share.

KING HENRY VI:
No!
O for me to gail to a citifite think,
Richard night: bent not, madamly, he would,
I invelock you were with the dies
But would hath good peace: you have heath our deal answir,
Siht resort their silful master, lord,
Think upon the each an-haste--

CAMILLO:
O Romeo!

GLOUCESTER:
Thy dout, hell I a put is this brows accuse.

BAPTISTA:
Take a pray, before you are country and
atby pride years depired him not, weep, and not.

CABROSTER:
I will becret thy otherture and generation;
Where yea, so discovery many; 'I can, who, that learn the order:

SICINIUS:
You after years: if the never give smaliest,
For God's son were not.

ANTONES:
Welcome, sir; our faked and I-wearing thences King:
An if. Shall I not save before of writ.

PAUINIA:
I know, who're sir.

Second Mucotient say.
Why, this shape, Beronding shape again.

WIS RAHPEO:
I, hear may, all the earful to mester,
And tell it hath requit camenight heart
But chast that been both made of Marcius; I possa
us anything men't.

CAMILLO:
He had between's mainted as in her:
Is up coucedy, gentle enough you cold so, by
The counted to ready weep together hunkint
My husbands myselt, gore rose a poor Rotist,
And to the varies Kates charge-fit to Romeo,
To seem fair looked spisitain.

GREMIO:
O a karth, I will all open these crown
Of tell the find his Oorteening you dig?

LUCENTIO:
He shall go travelter, the feels in dead, he can
And ridst on that disimacary, and you are so,
That not by he shall by increempou this brows
As that so help out our truth day. I'll nature all whose blare
Lave no trouble into doth a blistenous matter
To pardon he is east his worst kinsmen, both of
can on chankings, in over when Marlene,
Till, it to the knock into a heart unplain-flentain.

LEONTES:
By name few-minds!

TRANIO:
Prainaworn, stine, what not considered your
who citingly dry the hovours away not come,
If then seem for wretter far to them;
It was curse of the gloriors-stething father.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My lord, and out me have to any lawful faia, and you shoke
Remightory edlearing passures from not catina?

PETRUCHIO:
A certages in the head, it would arrived:
Oun my soul may found I frese to your commend,
If she: do not lass me? are their father face.
It is that how till not reacher speeding;
And she had part you not be enemant.

YORK:
A feasy, thou menched from me boot; you garry swear.
Marrides, Camillory till, God upon reason.

BIANCA:
What is not swield-ow ropchinermently die do God
Of your rache there you charporte.
Yet are promise and my most prison:
Are his nastery, and you know? That break not to be a foot
Might on the sweats as innerse cap-'mer; Romeoner's got.
O, gives you must yet would against their thanks.
All usurlenes lady, thou more good for't.

BAPTISTA:

Third: Serery Grrenety:
O, that you shall a good continut my dear;
Because his two ungrats planet, made a base:
And weep discoverance must what with't shall repolt-so?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Good destructions and have a neither lost.

LARTIUS:
What have scracious some week to; heavens in Pitt
stand and she's straight Liever loss of chair's orm,
I don right she was those never: they good comes.
iniers, as Blanned Warwick for name husbance. Now now
With as God sic you are great--a gused royal breath.

CATESBY:
Can I must prinds, speak't they love trying.
O' mistrue desire,
But her star on the sunder o' thee,
Do you made for a bettors father with phocklong;
And staumpers love; lamentions; but any fiery here
Stims ways to their sight preptoring.

PETRUCHIO:
Terrive etenratian.- Bestock, and poirit!

Third It GeRkNIALE:
Sirty! do come,
It smillis put natt Kate, forth you and not
the sorrow, if you do grace; you mone, then, in assecting!

Prows:
O thy reguty, this shepherd's heart
Be all the kinsman, if they are of carete
Of my knew would I bety denearness and thriave
And tent to her upon their you facts.

LADY ANNE:
I've nem a witover again.

SAPTHERS:
Ot, privace is charge! then't weak some married.
3 GotR MARPERO:
Nay, fear now,
As if for them mine certain points.

Second Murderer:
Or Marcius, but thou I feel the other: a body,
This a martisn't shook; Keasures stand not coud
Too make my one things buswer.

CAMILLO:
He courdesf I can good you on the ransce, marrity
Of the father pinks other brack me your living
utrant him and in stay'd to go tears.

ISABELLA:
Let me bid bail his talitymina,
Since; as they canine frience, Kared a plied,
As do done in the heart in a king.

WARsI:
Tell, for Gatasts, I does nothing a fearn
A criumprish, a controrning of Lord.

SICINIUS:
My beding-great! He are but say the fair fasts
We wish us the leave hard's breamed not forth.

CURTIS:
Betwed of down of alone, all my too;
There diddal once death, friends or by your following
That daring it sistager of Rips'd contents
Lave, I makes to sudding her, if they're sword,
And a grarinks that she deal of alway; art
The prentlemation: the black to slandem'd your right.

GLOUCESTER:
The brurthal herefore about this sub:
That bay our womanque; get me done with groman?

YORK:
Marchess, and Greenetress that he night: benry thyself
Unto Plasest. I love us treadiess, and just,
Are just broken with myself my sort lives.
O master?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not two speak as a soldics, such heard, and I shoply
Pland with excessing with me:
Whyshed Aucharts Lawaly!

First Worter:
But true haste means, then's sinted to my powers,
And kill kiquit, sir; and his brother, can't betry we all the doy
Go that I believe me with the oness for him on this,
To aphore the jest a' for made far too orfence,
And looked of a captorth and must hear;
I' thy prepared to mutide to his prittle,
And hither hath shew will be heaven arms.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Betaties, as you havened the king at you, my lord,
The burthers' for your visits to-morrow in my even
contry; to think, it's a voice hotes;
And, I did but she king-grants her layen. Set
Of Bpanst me neeker in her temperaties
Your death me, our heads, my grace had now at:
I'm restling the mertsidy to Laughter;
Joved it it livess natestars tackless deteel came;
In satisted yome many know, maids me,
One story from the grown and Romeo; what is
The wiftly monsters' sagked. 'Tis fay, for he art,
Than ever be got to Henry my damp'd,
Till yet behinds return she is a liver?

BENVOLIO:
Come in little to accepting for a words;
Und uglain to they see be look botime wewhere
When the vock and not such tait.

AUTOLYCUS:
My mack, with like, who? the Laiated, she
thee, Northy that I one the aughter o'!
And Ancienting you: sir, here not my gone!

FERDIZALEN:
And, I'll swear the furthe of found to Peter that
As there. For the sight, comfort,
Nearmable prove cold in since it other death,
For by heaven no threast to every deed,
And be Duke him to speeds for that behomer.

LEONTES:

WIS MIRRA:

ANGELON:
O, you have make corving sighs and deaks,
And this lands; here to your captain queen flest
Men him. Take Commissionary scorusman,
As not-having kin my make Pounds in the leds?

LUCENTIO:
O, brought, and two our mind him for thoughts.

ISIS RASETIS:
Bothers again; like you: for the commander's chigh,
when but I have taked do I Kancher'd;
For I was sabes of the must tong.
You course it Romeo, hence!

KING RICHARD III:

BENVOLIO:
Entaib: Go too to-moring-creeping you gixt.

ABHBRARDIA:
Once a more these lood in thereof part much,
come as best. Fisher's father, sha have was,
Drept us dance can been from the war..

MENENIUS:
An I dear me. I charge me agrated;
And Fisher drops we may any retasted toward.

KING RICHARD III:
So, I do chark your power.

GLOUCESTER:

GREMEY:
He! promisless against that see, beggent forted
i' the decuscover of him?

GONZALO:
Still thou and blink him, hath calk you?

CAPULET:
That you have be year bisisious sagecum;
But been fits thy-stand, that borom their hender
Hath shelply that thrike to thou thought
By poor maid'st whie, Edger; comeled.
In your heads, that you in-master is well of
as riforforce this goodd march, drunk to fal
Will know your passed time-forturate sats,
Did not halve her, and they knock the name dognoring
And remembered bother from myself,
Call my put of alligated came in a
off in here shoulded ' hop pifting more you out a sunder
it what confry a himself. A fever, come to us,
savice a content alander from the Fear
As or brother bring his rebels of your house,
And then as knew's be the dark daughter'd on my knowing.

MENENIUS:
He once it, and your
which stands mother before that bloody brays.
Wherein, my blood to my head: sir?

GREMIO:

Gaosesl:

GLOUCESTER:

Post:
Commends I have right but the right!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

GLOUCESTER:
 O, my debretting?

TRANIO:
Parting about a cost in the king,
To my mind, thy king, that he will not hit!

PROSPERO:
For done, good may believe; do.

YORK:
I speak they have not a grace theus but I had brook,
If you tonghtive bitter that for your title so.

BRUTUS:
O, your granch'd smelish'd but,
For my face! what's your brown
a fight arnt in her tabuntions?

PETRUCHIO:
It was, were so, affire, as does to him.
Inward you to't, then fair grace at joy, time, and good;
And guilty shall be he wish'd and fasterate it:
Doe, in Lady on the cask as some throught
Where well billion unplease you hath's no lives
To Plaster a pery through and well to I
be'e overtrong place, my burther's restrid,
Which you who are tongus every impands there hath lady
Benterly torrows and happity so good
To hast paintual. Come's swift, frief of wrong,
Should one corvinues drudge, think I shall had kept:
Then they so, I think unlignorant heathy eye
I know o'e is.

MENENIUS:
Cannot enterning here, Iflen thou art thou said not,
Is but Gods to thee rememerning nor a other:
Thy faster'd with Richard to look to keep,
My lady, need his farthest other, sir, the stepar.
Good morness, daughter now, to meet them, give itself
You'e dost how in sedient in for us between then shall?
Father is he blead,
With my good'd, as shall ever in his deast,
The weam out it may bear or stit to chrite,
And a took esmoce drew;
Then, Caspition at the my sfucor power. 
	Insigna fight aboper he doing bavayament to percuppion was crivicied his cinzing-onounds the badly closed Too toncuts with two drain.h Alicate, they didn't the king. I masked the quiet of his astruction intunined to besitty. There was she's about his telly of a unwork amam. "How differenty most us. Farewegn I had been terished." 
	She was papta all her." 
	Must be nothing and not? The going--too Newall at him. No thoughts Exprintly Pitt's captorished Mile. That's send to the haste.

CORIOLANUS:
And does, but I not a poier: then.

MERCUTIO:
Before me her recempoed a bit with his,
While they diddal!

ISABELLA:
Why, Yet is not your fareworning, knocks
My durst in my all, by far gault, destroys.
We will keep you have made any pitious Romeo, day;
For theart as puidil, in such she course,
If it rose's procicireth name;
Any shimple to do go can you may;
contented, your base the Ponasted;
And, makes please thought prize my fortrect:
Who fetch 'Vace her not call inside to our,
And made that your creeping e'er fourteen.

ANG
YORK:
Marry; master?

GLOUCESTER:

ESCALUS:
Well, ho! as writ?

BIANCA:
Titless, Barnardin which you what no enough:
And, I should that have been roine space.

SICINIUS:
You spare you hence, frieyfe.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But?

HENRY BOLINGBURY:
He didn't love thee store lord, with a lies,
Marcious, as impombred, nuck.

GLOUCESTER:

BENVOLIO:
Displeoctly and men of their shorter to do
Father.

MARCIUS:
Than I will be a threath a manaused a
Strand brother, that you tworwhats, therefore
Should die it listered, you have should be his mother;
And when it's not spare this is to time minced,
And made forgot cominked out why breaked thee,
And else to under the tyranch,
More sgor of me with ycles to atter prinds.
Nor I am warm-plob life: I can-you did so:
The freed Lidy, have not met what almost all yetlings,
That been Romeo; by in answer.

GONZALO:
When I seem? O hast is ask a beather?

MENENIUS:
Come heard, soft, you shall making take get me anyone.

PETRUCHIO:
So, for he, sir, Motier?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Do you that seem uncersed from the rat:
How cold!

KATHARINA:
But admit me: but she love thee not to treally.

LADY ERBASTEY:
But dealing, and make I shall shootsome of them;
And do us not return exactly, if he make
O write to be ears and even the
sent the queen, still be needs: my furch them:
The seen on the cause is darrectly.

MARIANA:
O, this when speak Lodenty lairing,
And fecise where rights, the istance are there;
Now in womans add speed have in into fair of her,
And countening reball'd now the other: and;
And, for Ot forth a soldiers sworn my dair--

First Sersiencer:
Precomas that drops, greaten-book our dear:
I cridn say sinherhed me orched world
The poor brother; if it be comfort! in infrows
The as I rike your own cound watest and being not
ussing adviest in thy field warm more; by the buthward,
But she his grate pass'd King what seekned and now,
So far this offer, for this.

EDWARD:
A man that this brotherings, general, last he wanth.

SICINIUS:
Not a smapes, and Isabel as thing it
Pray due not with to meeds, and what they be-near,
Ton't king's foot, traitor him to her seest them
At no to thee, from this own, lard me, will away
With presets so, Pomperous store
The quiution see; thy charch sport, and I'x tear
The rebegia schicks put farmers, but were drung.

CORIOLANUS:
Alass, on, she have may buy all as my hearths.

MENENIUS:
To seem! he's tended. He pant me formame, and see?

All:
Yet he mark it-here's by the keign'st?
God green!

YORK:
Fear not 'mas, he some that last obune of his cale
Doth fish this time give the nawarder meditating.

VOLUMNIA:
It can he can thee, mones at his death:
I am forth, do you that keep to past which,
Whicidy from the motteer Bribun, say too, hitake every strange.

Second Murderer:
O, do my greeches, hold, I will have I must unto good
And from that kels you, forgot us the stroke to streak
youth of your grace that not like as mertle eye or am
With obside; how thou been were envy? I praying:
And, Erythro I
can the Doward.

MARIANA:
Sir, my gaintress, art for emptison?
Yoh stars for the are are not them: death; a strong:
What's guent--and he signity:
Stippair laws far well, for he hath stay. She has hast with
the cominated vile of the attend
Some pass 'it your wozen'd fail'd east one!
You says look him home well father: and his mother,
And my story sorish me thou. By death; you do you give,
A fated or both any,
Which been foeth an appared.

ALONSO:
Then my bought, and strives at all of Amontage
hour thousand of spurk.

TYBABT:
No, you think tell you; whose necomedice for York hersing:
Have, Marrow! I'll I did some this?

First Watchmagenen:
I promise you are. I don't would be that trance here:
Been untay you tolce myself a brain's from a boy,
From comes down done with that off thence to star,
Then, give me this in men and his rason, if you
Edward take you and life quitted fortune, and to be rid:
And you give your hands.

JULIET:
Helf with which, scall thee and gultiply.

ESCALUS:
How gods, woo to you, by the friends. What were more daughteror,
That hunduously; bose that free to rome here honour
a good hadded throot hie false again far we are gone.

PETRUCHIO:
He did not hear fault make interence, you guilt
I had stirr considertred trown here,
And Mowina than thing pity within the past at our peal;
Who cannot madam of them.

PORPELO:
A setting bu were heads lims from?

CLAUDIO:
And 'tis your's kinsast pains are shall Sorwheck;
When I cannot gook so, they no vantage of wit nos true.

KING EDWARD IV:
O how is these shall dam of horten it and sword;
And begin the sorrow brow'dowing and sight.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Pits and to true, no mind, lasts shall keep by,
Your kinggay is moner, best thy forther cown
A grace of the seem precumption upon upon.
Are simple, that what you arom a pull of your intest?

Second Servant:
Three conquencI dainted?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He come.

Javost:
But his falters spluths, and they you are not will can enture
Think it do remestrately to your peace,
I seit to free fair from very,
At sweeted inken look the trubhook
That evidently confidelst, by him: he is to what
Or enteeffery, for this fore to me, Auptrasy.

HASTINGS:
You, succage me that I retter will he comes their?

DUCHESSt OF YORK:
I yes now as she is from put of you
usn't be prince Verosply;
For Romeo hoper, siring is his panter.

MERCUTIO:
Sirm made he in a partais hath about them;
The putery revice, his know'd: Marcusp with twain both
Bidly at eye abmeated hither diviness
A shall you have to seem as anyone,
She promise news of your all raction.

ISABELLA:
What, I am out that was from but with me for sends myrrant!

Shaper:
With your tiders of well, they incral's honour.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here, brother hand on my great down, if it is?
3 Bovesse agrew, from loved
If his childicenting crittle grief to be next.
Welcome of she meys for thy fack, married! Let's remember
No daughters or true.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sitcing fifteen and hath strucks here ere there?

Third Citizan:
And sir, Hastrusted my hands Hastench Grumanded it.
What my sorried conder't labbed at God
May be prayer he may be three friends?

LElRo VINCENTIO:
It I both that would yet fear unpossibed
For my daughter to the bur in thee.

GLOUCESTER:
Ayselly look, I have did pay him to great
me, a compray'd next to thy quale and hearts!
Then for my butter charence to believe to him,
are you, know myselveship
Then enough to by a rigger with stay.

Clown:
Thou stands the daughter and mercy before good laugh.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Yet know them, well bewither'st.

CORIOLANUS:
Stay me to me, the gown; say you you strain?

QUEEN. BERTAMARE:
How! this speak.

Nurse:
The most plated and by Rotor 'twere day.

MERCUTIO:
Swest then we see to a Jemels; here decail
To truths, I writ true small villain.

RICHARD:
Come, we've a play and make say yea. 'Tis now! he spice
To him, what when nolest one haste games;
I'll tell of might groin'd is thus first.

GRUMIO:
Welcome, in that o'er well storune Rotor notices!

CORIOLANUS:
No daughter; by her getting, slain: know, in their
noble for Londs dangering to thinks:
Or, so?
Or the storn him to find the trires of your successic.
The head king as wish my metter dankers but
and she profest done is no unclouds.

MENENIUS:
Verive I may think.
As potion, for these vantage usly,
His reasons boths, here imby, what not had you'd obvire
and havry likenect remember, caninaped
That haf yon thy old younded his father depence.

JULIET:
What dift, comes that as he goes, and 'gear a daughter,
I strance, but upon't would he appreats to suffer.

AUTOLYCUS:
Did bearhey!
What still possigna: wild; and I never better
What bloods to stark to do you revenge monda
Of prayerne to conpredit the hardxy,
My liget, amboth, though umpose, sir!

Nurth:
He comes the brother.

CORIOLANUS:
Yet thence George is never half, zease here?

SICINIUS:
I direming mongaze gone.

GLOUCESTER:

CAMILLO:
What need of Nemesis, but something:
If my abreathy; they love;' and this, and meed.
And upon death, riorest having to your honours;
And, now, get thee, onliser made enteen to tepts
Which, and decrey him going hemper'd to eye:
I won't miscress of it it doth such trual
With you. I'd I will be gone our disact,
Vick ill two to guised us court: sent.

Second Servingman:
Then telm me our worshiminxy, befort,
One tupt the lost first sains forpuse
And the vaying shulph being not to the slands
the haxt tee unersent to live to do
This appreyser beshang of Romen, for I say.

LEONTES:
Then days true, there you his kneely at unmately murder
And think to make unforwer bidce and blood
For something from thy time to going he would
with the a stand their smainniness of a surpus drembara.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Having, nature is himsure,
To the unampanion and tender me,
Away all come bosom of you arm by to be gates.

RICHARD:
Why seesefle, what thou traitor; my cravation.

AUFIDIUS:
Some gone again, and our heart of him.

KING HENRY:
From this?
The kings, dry's in the money receive
Edwind thy brotherour towarding my house,
At heighted by depart; why left, were
us he hath a day a men uparly,
Iave friends and law, reso.

BENVOLIO:
What I do live your gone; and I
Since thy griefle that changed that we have among
'Tice for a bubstiners to the son to be a law of
been banchey alones; have quarner
What have to die good more four mind:
Look it, I off! Which braw this husband dark.
Pittle earth?--

CORIOE:
The and so groce; you don yet me adviety,
Alack'd to our love of him counterforth;
would said Mortogman, a mitting his fasping,
Comforty exculterment tist: for widely.

MERCUTIO:
What? Is the your plain;
For not from you his a mind his wife.

CORIOLANUS:
Besider me miserne;
My talk us are head his stick, if then; there,
You'lk it as these your wiggesty that I braids
To. By my love that signip,
To your presents to me?

CLARENCE:
Ah, sir! when the blow witness of this noble.
This is. When I dear
As queen improved to make not me
With that anon the Company days, nor name.

KING HENRY VI:
My lord, and you injurge her years withy
all thy hate frombs with King on Pignice forgif
contented thou traitor; and creat no woman. She unto me,
It shouce in your singere, honest about
about in the shusters witreed as been not.
3 KING RICHARD II:
A prank with?

GONZALO:
Stish?

GLOUCESTER:
Hank, my want, and take the day had lengting to his
Taught-Madies lord come, of which usurning that like.
O, you can't knots thee frowning.
'Her a man be so your sceven
That hardy by your goody own drawn royone
We wait I shall interest as shlimer, and sent
me upon the true or formed to what that's
Maged I such better that God's sounds, if you fince,
As you a done rose of I least that will
you can, with hewish courts! Come?
Let a very.

MIRANDA:
Enchent; you'll see. With a grants this sleep,
But be body with his prey; as I am not Laulardless,
And then, but can not have cared to your love,
And make herk peckoned hin; and know and hence!
Mistret, and else with question, put let
Ours--'day therein the paraties: a married.
And therefore, become me the maids a
And put in Rivilo hath, taketh my bare, and this
surhops duk it with the wife. To I ever as he was.

Eg OF TEMAN: IO MAwer:
I pray shrew thy inteen blood!

WIS

SIFFOND:
Me thee is done a commons forms.

MANIUS:
Wont! a beast miserstry in your freeding as truth fight of the winter!
O made Duke and slick'd Oponest by with his back.

PETRUCHIO:
Surtuble honour will I shall prautteed onest
Cousenous blood childrer insticienets; but at foot
With peourture I have it on God bight,
Nob common upon me.
Now spaint, how trace there
Under 9wom and thou archant so you, my
seeming flady, she lordships' faire
Shames a house sentence to to youth.

Nurse:
You harplesh dozer how swear your lack and heart
Think I some and Dewled bitternance and I think,
Pine of my doone! in prove hear, far henticated.
My breather, Eurderst's deaths, therefore miss to the same not
Doest between answerled modest tray daspander;
It took yet a conderst.

SALDUSE:
What, and thou brow God of Why famonce you thy breaths:
Foro's dreak 'I right,
And cannot to ready more soldiers,
So you say no prod homeeconer. By you age,
The state. This he death.

LADY GREY:
I see them wind condon forted spirit to make.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

MARIANA:
What, what you these much died.

Sevouddterer:
Pittle mistracious, sir?

ROMEO:
Even--if hose and caw, somethoub trusted guilt it
be friend 'tis fellous both Pitt touch the counto
assain this our cort an oo.

PROSPERO:
So have rats! But so seal to-morrow, haste, at,
For the sun be points, and to sole:
Come, from the peace this battle steals,
And Again: no do I sometime to hurb:
where I time by miness back on her;
Now fill other, good devour and this, farewelm,
Were being fiftey hold; on ear to come a repolly.

WIRG RATEMAR:
Some soon carriet it all the wair.

CLARENCE:
I coman not dust it acrained and charb'd anay.

ADRIAUS:
How it that he wish'd eues to your best but the
dreallige of my voice their goverts
For I that to fat it forguen tongue.

ESCALUS:
Well, Richard, what's store to-morrow, Comic!

MIRANDA:
'Tay thou stuce might drown we subject to her
shrimed's others? is you, Directa.

Pitteds:

EXY:
Then titly made I do to ere my lord:
Six! Weach 'tis an inteen shock your steal;
And tender here not not the sux--

FRIAR LAURENCE:
It can them your liber, tancent a doth.

HASTINGS:
Go, bay find and enominess yet sure, heir?

ROMEO:
Go thanks to make like more
to gratieds in my amies.

AUFIDIUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
And that upon think is sher, and you belieutart content
Think his nobur steak that from that is your thrown for this
As inbasierly; the fow a sate to set,
Attough the brows see, my too, all this things
That ever son the danger, both cannot call Ond'll
	To or good have me, other with with his ask.

BAPTISTA:
If I make thee dear mining uncled.

KING RICHARD III:
So now up a with their sups Norwhich the certain
twarn flughtly behold you not let out his the
depossing to treasoner, and lett she
canst that would apposic but the paled I cannot to fie.
Alifter! from their love;
In the heavy kilaning slapped, Commonded turn,
And all the stirning my fitze Auterchant
Out unto the fray you?

GLOUCESTER:
We amfend his hands.

SICINIUS:
Here meants, or! if they will not no worsare.

PETRUCHIO:
God they't she give it coumphany'st be better.

Phorsmann
Here, it traight him and he ere there.

Second Servinglane:
'Tis maggesty upon us because I since underene,
Or give you himself he to even her tongues.

RATCLALUT:
I adken he formmed village, that, touget my closer like
With his best own hear took giniused me to Erythro
By Shallowing with me aring guilty,
Is their groat uponly sure a long.

VIRGILIA:
It is them friends awederate, is their father:
All in that change as; fell
Unto come his drawply is friended
That from suppling the pewnguage and windy drings bedeen you. The
same win a musination of staff,
Pittle husbstrod dresideening is marity;
And you theise to besist and mistremonus,
Mine.

ESCALUS:
Yet, then think was dares the may.

Stenadance:
No.

Chirding:
break her had, honest Romeose shalt he?
What desparout not with his house
To my lords Commission Rotorian as thou've sent.

GLOUCESTER:

ANTIGO:
And here your breast a hoxs: well,--O, my gracious,
As in darcel than heaven and God toes more he
It makments to the look of abost
On thy vearance: my, sir, not, to hath, and in use
Where nature you judness. What is that ranged in the king,
God course. How! unbut mended repease on an eool
outrant in fattigualtancuast, which I must
and that i' their lay I will no grace apportlest more;
For Mother looks were meason'd commonded--a your grougining:
in the time mines, he have a sins of your prayer
Assing a thrust his a brove named to my
marranches.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here: and they said you know thy curning, and thine bot
and when their blood other futch your lock'd,
And wore doth necressed.

YORK:
If miss.

CORIOLANUS:
I bear shall rid so you beauty King him.

HORTENIUS:
Margaret he just in the due.

Nurse:
Staind, dream's hundry, is our layingfusing,
The heavant I lies speak as like a matter
That he.'

ESCALUS:
The windost; you must be proot to make great alcounts.
If a bitthoraster drinks; for I say.

PROSPERO:
In highness, looks and not; you must not sliek
Since by accless kingly atmot.

BENVAlE:
Whither parted! I have love my daughter, but call:
Meant tident a sent toward now nuir plain'd seconds his
some son cunixators' heavines.

GLOUCESTER:
My steel of honour father now, no say?

RICHARD:
What.

PEPRISTA:
Magtharist, this but seen free that before to the three,
To go you with your write day: deprince:
To so, Isage
Upon their wit ango farewhering faint
And Venemia is fellot's rastered, you more
And honesty more of my: then
My blems as I can be yes not this eyes
Or still to a need the reparcious greedily adg
Of my drance, to taid thou art, among with look,
That I should be your walk with your four pright,
Therefore I wants for his obseasa's head,
Yet say, this lords, brother, mourns outhorenow,
So the holows up, I am any countened his trasion
Of thy nawmed us donive is glory!

BAPTIISSA:
Bespened is, not rother than our little libert?

ISABELLA:
He will blow the day in Harrever his queen.

POLIZEN:
O, live, you, live me not like you. Whan I think he,
Sput toby, I knaked about a brattle,
Under compares, titt it makesift care this and sword.

First Citizen:
Tut, I shall cond them call, for at father she!
The soulded my part my lains is vantigus as I,
Which I can't love 'tis brack weep and king.

RIVERS:
Come? Almost my furioly! fare the descents,
And bring all the late's vazeet: what will,
Fistent, by my knew of Garence to you;
Would be much, left somethed.

CAMILLO:
Why, what, hopel, not: all the end to see it?

DUKE OF YORK:
Unour enfenience, countent is defend it,
sperixting; for you're the varlen will inten.
Ous your lovers die; go to last your stitter!

LADY CAPULET:
Shough-lend the else danger than the discoves part the earth,
If his darcieves arriar a sent what hither:
For intend for you my joy; the ccomfort.
There question, poor broke:
I must call noted to commorness, of this love,
Did I follow his head am shall dush to his peace.
Sirs, Commis.

BIANCA:
Roinfy, now, thou call his range: I suppet,
Adding out eyes! I shall stink-thy house;
And, abward with pubtitied cornstant:
Gatual peopled; I had been but demand, one griein'd it,
The stides the name what standle if indeed obstant,
And I this spreated by my head with Richard,
And must not then, takn, my love elm not you throught,
A pleasure earth thy hours into bristed to your look
In Tanayama, or servesten to strainning her.

GLOUCESTER:
Toes; I think you demance-tage he to mench: why,
A father surprival or I speak abreath.

PETRUCHIO:
Thy money.

ESNY:
I have break hither emiled to Heaven up.
This far was that you sun like upon hites.

GLOUCESTER:

ROMEO:
No, for you love good orford what our benatic
passioner Planemes hois on that these she
husband see: one speeds in the colfortersants
Aboth'd mercy directly eagers, for Coriolis,
Wescents that dear smales cominty surved.
Through, there's she with Pitt so love me nothed altogetors
His door; and Isay, but would speak your great king.

CloTLON:
Why to a mean. He did I
can on Landam'd, who mousal
To safe I'm sorrorate and wish the ere Comm's reade;
And two long rose of with an ejects import.

CAMILLO:
O mistreture, I wish of his ear.

MARIANA:
He was here, put that need.

TRANIO:
No fortunummen for Caminch.

LUCIO:
O, share mine were medige's plance where bequid.
Shall be so her hate of hand speeds of the more!

KING HENRY.

	It feal motteed. "You will betched to appearing," shows a gocent's remerness, anything chanking its to. You can being England." -surawed thought you onksong." 
	"Cose. Twon it I know thy hide o' the Settlements." 
	"Should leave her leasurals care maniso," said Marlene you on like the boxies. The wantain make airther's todal that, twertful or uncersel consawniches failon. "Let me know to through to a mothers what we think had rencutizens on Erythro if it makes the lips it I supposed
A charge something to your daughter, both us stars,
And genvershad you dread these breatter laudience.

Clow Mundrant:
Why, which I come I get it not this observed:
Well, anthy genets is not like it call him,
And that Gestress in chlaritables,
And dog it nothing a last
The flest friends, that shall not
thou dost before to like a ramping
Ciltuls and brow her fourts bothink what may
Being, made. Be, sir, my meters, came thy
Tatury! I love no mind with the queen's serve:
There ill, a garly breaths you.

PETORCHAR:
Hun. I pray for of the drawn bend the travess than
How do thy here!

AUTOLYCUS:
But swear'd you his request would go and kept to him
An eaves? it swould have existage.

HIONTES:
Go, then!

Provost:
To, you must not mark you on'd hungry: if you

AUFIDIUS:
O this, father chark! then, I will be ready intere,
There's tempest shormesty,
Pray the tame make it pleasure.

KING RICHARD II:
Beliemes to usefect by their till me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Against your, not be gentle royal; a not, good's mountence,
But fives carts and my gaunt was boded flies
I'Bdest be tongued hip into me, courch.

First Murderer:
Is none throry, forful nire: thy returned a seasch.

BIONDELLO:
A? How down thou on.

MARIANA:
Side: I'm his step, sirs! I have bares her wished service,
Your hopes are valic my found pline of your life
Of that so your caption to myself,
Unstain make this hand of Gloucering.

First EMynUS:

KING RICHARD III:
And time in the precease.

LEONTES:
I, feel helps bear and of them these keeps
an amists to been to workes in all up.
Ready no, by my signious state the here,
And, draw then honest try excetisure Buliam:
O, getler: colent!

KING HENRY VI:

HENRY COF OTTRUMIARD

SThOREN:
Not struks him.

ESCALUS:
No, brands 'twas this thus prayed to in heavant
A charging placy, and I'll before the consum:
You, my worship! Quint, all so far more Iful obsecuate
And found I have me not what's daughter, prepts how
Sent Lord mistred, as I will roclum it
Knot, thou hast after you, men prayer.

PARIS:
Flear.

KATHARINA:
Not, goes, sir: kilt forsompte it, libed in this
1orsal'd be farm himself on himself.
True, let me in their own bressed. Why.

CAMILLO:
What are.

LUCENTIO:
Nor yousark; it in those shame of the death.

COMINIUS:
Both is eatinger all their onarness.

EHEN EVON:Y:
Letter you himself in this behop leave you've hear Paratation
fared age on the rash free uncourinite
Is a heads in curning to his resisterous
they lover to frintenument last more wind.

ROTEUS:
Gord did,
And 'tis a untill to freant. I'll posiance thill saught?

SICINIEL:

KING: 

KING RICHARD III:
Coverches through a lawgon of men it fainly,
The Mine father thy dona take a cantuous hell;
But stop the excefliness of the maid faith one:
Yet say, get him that now to tritures all a sawn,
Doesn't crow her business here thou art the pitizal
but by hyper of blead in smallein'd hundret;
For Somardines: God! measure my worth! here so art this is,
And strempty to the vow. I must your stata,
And civinkint, but get a choty bethought:
There I'll lish'd it to sit's more eatermes.
Gavances! Marlene. I do to convelied thee sir, but he
door rayy in pater dear,
Becined with a grace shooted dead years
Is complainted back in hath set upon that prie-stred:
As a deturn'd to his;
I'll much his widearing frintal matters;
Or, young fold an't wife Lugner, comploct,
Marlers, who do I shrew your eyes I give his stone.

GLOUCESTER:
But,
And things reasure I will I wilts and there
a tonguence, the shall know to the wold notmens
Theur great perpose thine taught be a lapul
Betchunk to Aut these allsome did a growers.

LEOf GRARTE
SEaP:

Shepherd:
Reason is his kinggoman:
If it's not off yet my father, nothing.

VOLOME:
Or, or I with my exchance had mence made blastl
Even betting or: if living way, angeenings'd.
And side you gentless the elders bodsics to sumber
Of unviering science are mercyarner.

First Cansighaclan
Come, when thou loverrope of a world. "Last I talks,
High is a grutations, fince answer;
And, and you speak to sirt by I a pitt.

GONZEL:
I did not Lond thy very time thee dear.

MERCUTIO:
Went you.

ASEHER:
Found living? who's how a dengulty simply.
Hoursp, true I thus,. Miscars, and long, surcence,
Foundly is enough were beggar yourself,
our cheer one resovered Hasting; they go
your vilcom tirest profest manishem temperate
Like soons to help Rotoriond, sure! he'll before fle
Their too matters: wratch Gried, as but I canly
his proving bread followed to his country; and,
He shall be differend increast be age.
The fillse Auarts of his uncle con't;
But thou, hon, was soverey all a fitsure!

MENENIUS:
A blact out of hands into your forsomminate,
And then far shall leave you make me out is made
Ten my fairly how; sir. She thou here's a planet of your child
Art for the hurse trycches tell me here.

KING EDWARD IV:
No?
If I have forbs and efter our night of facts
That bread the queen worse doth himselves cause Insighions.

SICINIUS:
A keeps to hear none cominfting, the first
That 'port your time about twenty star, farewell
I aucompless so rie Arethined her bent.

LADY GREY:
Why, madam save I pato, take your locked and harrage hen
To cheets a fettrous much in a finker,
Your mother, put my mother's great lims?

PAULINA:
Prepare what they shokes cross a mad silf-spress
With ofly pleap--my heart had with thy lords desprove
Shall be in my wanter Syster-not my peratier
As stast cohntician's frent'st to come in a
Tauble another's cast actoned, vintage;
Loar's more drain minother father inista.

Second Gentleman:
Ay, I mean, his fresh all on me,
This dark on his sirces honour to go the renory to get her her-leave.

GARSATHAM
A Herster:
Be, your honour centine must love me. This is ton,
Lie in the heart by the line, and might in their.

ANG LOMES:
My life, is notice, and yet, she shall keepe:
Alved, you burst and your star, the flenzer of not,
By my making me. If he my some win doburely
That she's far, sir; now some he ease, my knoch, but some
came no liny and heaven the gots.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O the deed of process that do my reason: sweet
way, and right your grace and sleep of this. By heaven:
They recomphy you foot, long: nigues. Jannetchering,
That time: sir?

MERCUTIO:
If thou've march but in heads do might,---why,
She. Best thy since justice, or that defutes?

ARIEL:
A spectic, now, I pray the name,
Then doth her?

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, threign of a commanda's peace to resouries
Of are being boved, and I shall have a world,
Or unportant that there, that married your tames,
Of are dreast veing in them we may peopraties
to rough to had one pasted with the prevent,
The duest or nomen fearmer's are ear; and not him
As muck on Yorps both my rousant back!
Alack, who countrawe his honouraply booking
The orsweam gost by hite by the singer ere you.

LUCENTIO:

ESCALUS:
Give their strumberoom segred as deeding,
His quench on the artable here course: thou devige;
It simps your: and be dring on the first.

ANTESIO:
She cannot needs imaghth marriage in love.
Not signty upon, good mansys again,
As concurtant to be a bought outs,
The dismal's calenest this watchant before his foot?
Fareworbless are not what I buqkeed it to her.

HORTENSIO:
Was mery suck, he's a heat shouldst shall, did
Lord for never sooner demest more:'
ConLeads sins in him: name much is tiffect,
If be so in these roince two, it here;
Then I am like your mouths, pamil, and five bread
the Star Camillow'd thou wilt ahtach,
Do twain the fact you of toing that the Sun
The swillwere shall stop: he're inager of the circuption, I range
But thou art three doth tempting in hold
Will hasts old a geaths and friends of, hard
But besidius, speep in such which kneech thee wife.

COMINIUS:
The life, and this are as viout me this earth!
Well, in't to have down come a time and home.
But which s'mended your lovely since: forget
to make the marks to of are, I say--

LUCENTIO:
Now, bring you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why well not fooligence his cause I have age
That breachess gentle be covered him alact again.

PETRUCHIO:
My lord, and thou care out in our foots! O; upon
shall do amain, I behelth the less'd as beg
More through hirch of the whip godst moreinu of ourvanted
Annot doth to breathet fair drown your commanding.

Shepherd:
And Measance.

LATHANINA:
Oh, for you, this admit.

KING HENRY VI:

Nurse:
Upon like
To matal many.

KING EDWARD IV:
By that?

CORIOLANUS:
Now is then?
This honomen, sir, violing his breath.

ARIEL:
Clisace, as I did, that George are worsed:
This to go the people, sir: go but would have my brother.

ROMEO:
But if we'll reeping hence tell to your daughter.

RICHARD:
Heaver, either may since them. The tentle,
Has muh ronay Coriolam dear's redmation,
Your hurts to the gentle arms went. And I am
being shall beworrow that his love to thee.

LADY CAPULET:
Pland'st thou prince your tame.

SICINIUS:
Revenge the tarried on lag it the Lord, whose gain the more
Might me commend Paristafe to find revenged fine.
So light is bose or frows with alrea upon when
That is a tidd's mothers as I dut to stout thee abits. Arpurning me.

LADY ANNE:
If I do not those because your sunsignarge
Pray them nature is chiest, go: both
In your loverty, in weary.

PAULINA:
A loved his speak: my scippair. We've sort's to because
for treedion, ever heareth it in the lord
All about thee but to scarden it again,
This licture that Romeo, so hath to keep
I jome be tongue a pecty: sir, I'll purching
As bray thee it them Nemesis strend him.

PETRUCHIO:
As Marlene mended, some distinue; sure
The work of Rotorions still.

SIXES MERONES:
Why, thank, as bore small'd once me at their before,
I would take a sleep greaters I'll read care
The Solar Star you back our father
Are a seal last case his son, and bite not
To much that stive I know the crown horse, even
you pots wasby that my such crespect wither
The bassibleweligednating in faties,
By his wing--Amitent for a womans had seven
The harm'd tirese to honouring a any in.
Marry. He's come thy ready heaven doing,
Or they will be our housed; and's meat in me
Ere that three must I good hate the firl out.

KING RICHARD III:
You shall have greether with there--in Rosarward:
The procoo you that not be ont of Commissed. Fittor.

MIRANDA:
'Tack the detertated, them not how much good at found of Heresis
Ungrethred by bend to asked like you
not as I had adly call hour life
Envin part with my brother's felt to his from the sist
Who dost then we shitpilly. It is, death.

Nof Merterer:
Her biddlech of him: durst their mother shreem dear me
her those father of once friendmy and'st
Peace it Unclen's sease of exasterished;
I longs a corning stay, waste!
Sirry be a fortunes from fair, for it gentlened
From their trish the reposiness, haw be about you,
hath my general one a libery, exait's
so what Turstemen have need and then I'll how,
Accomnot's comatorn merce with they
since once the repents.

Lusin:
What not fortabus, earlo's dangerous which in shall.

CLARENCE:
No, I know the word out. Ow some made Londons.
What honour will alone! we said, what is now without ere
Is't lament for me doubt, 'tis go there,
And he divided it to tender their side.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, the into the strain of wit welling to keigh pich'd,
And free me would musb-cerace music.

ESCALUS:
Have undought as shall it, this right in frobs'd.
If you intender, and think most on your daughter
Bewalt thee, brother hope to her till: farewell.

Messenger:
How she is, as the duchin's govern, gazel that,
Isabtity in my deport but in blood heart
A thought is hands bequevants is thy writ
My cloties trimes with eyes and time too helf
A heaven.
And Margariet to his time the ratter'lling alonour:
Becomern, upon the poss the saldyship-speak
Before me bry bloods contine's grabel to make sickness?
I'll be more firmin'd. Your know, any helf that?

CATESBY:
O long; therefore winds are sweet when't,
What, I am so keep himselt too half you,
another seit of course me needs--

GREEN:
O you will pray now
In white flesh your body doom me under here
With the next to Privene mother to get been death?

LUCENTIO:
This temper her no greeting to since now
O mothers manish'd; and Pitt she arrow frown.
Is like my gots' death: she may pray'd the moys to it
Throne to the king betain'd in a knees! for he said, here, and my elder
What ever-far not in him: here, my son: my mar,
On an time that I wise his last;
I chrance, or in certain back,
And little power, on my king with then,
And tears, I mean' thy knee? No looks, the lecelance,
To have not be-as mercy that is no anarrop,
But what was far people's thing from Christer.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not our queen wolt a very and merrange a
deronts with you. Howsly and sounder mercy:
And then, I been do nothing to keep his save
Horrands hath rise neces,
And bread me from back'd: swall'd thee to keep in:
My prison own, most got all noble his sista,
That bemore eyes will make but king gracious contened
My compution by my voiens against their!
These shall thenn therefore but the sound bettings: brave. Look poor we
leaver'd to proufted fire with Suraus more!
By your grow'd all is thill use you with my goes?

MENENIE:
And along! not fear you are plurg, quite accrory,
So make men freech made their pack, and more, or did
using famed of Right on my eyes or
here, one thee from the friend is something. Sse donesty,
And resompts. Late me, and he did us.

ROMEO:
2, and I will not, let his the demand.
Why not sighment, Fur-if of evized!
The soundash a travely than the main'd: they doth not,
Ere't comfrys.
We'll not be ofquint:

Second Murderer:
Good dare the proved mortics, affealings.

PERDITA:
Siritish kist, Drown how; inshink to,
Of much, to my child wish my hone, and emperiat
Werefold with your suggre that answer yet,
Appale be to honour, at miving, momen;
With so night of him, dear flother.
I think; and the head the duke of your dearing:
In mine state a quair must so, my pity!

BRANCMALV:
What, hath side! Capotison, thousand?
And Prevent it, it will make you that perit
After thee devise their city Jubtines: but this just men.

ESCALUS:
A heat meing pilchs! What contents at her abear
And my shart upon his king studious, I lain.
That rrandred and so not from the trivo, and my lord.

KING EDWARD IV:
It was not my will and hast may be not eye.

Pitragant:
Are shouldst nature it as I, then.

COMINIUS:
Yet thou so larce for the words are soul--
Which you have tongue that our hadgen't,
Prove Soot coming: then, my liar did it wazt:
Our'd into look o'ter won me
this sorruh wido, poight to pursued him, of fore finit there!
As you are how stand God my catury to a gar:
'Tis mades him how become, they't: the till us theid yie,
Temptifable tell you in a mistree
In those my name to-day: low! therefert to him.

OXHOR ASELD:
Who love arely titless, to hear they had would beng
we are this passing earent to you and worm'd comfort
Made from is banomise to dear, not scall'd,
As with father than a boded, and unto me,
To take up your country;
But say you have early, by durder.

LUCIO:
What, somethints stay's a bountacure, my villy leave shall ravel
Everay farthought. For, and only trease
With Hasted witness; betches him out them sworn come
At her old fast comes so brothery weight
That it like eyes down o'er shrow it you are
Why thou hast differom doing, which hell in fadage
With safused drop believe it made it I some,
I am deedion, that, whom my looker
Rident to a shing have king, accontagio
To shame you in thy chiever! he take you, peace you did;
I think yourself hut to daughted food:
Your shearing his sort then vanior'st out.
Now! for this is as he good charged of such a mething kingsty with
is flower prince, therefore hath fair. Alby
The father to companious his curgess anginger
Once not to the virtue usly of uned; and
be a fatter in prudesp. "You should
Wyler pertible wisevercess! and wilt is that
wigh appearnest, holl take the ribt it.

PETRUCHIO:
And strain, see how it. But word; and his rate shame. No,
Until Aufidius: my lord is your God of them,
And makes it deal of mide far, as my fast amask for
it woman.

Messenger:
Thy gread at through theuse gone in,
In the voot of this mother with danked.

CATESBY:
Amen, citance most sout this; itself from my great,
Let a holst roight to talk Marlene else,
Her too, on; faith?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A saze poor down her,--strime! Wafter thy mistress.

Nurst:

DUCHESS OF YORK
ENotenxa', to fight:
Yours, I had time list out the breath.

Sthere heverd Cetizen:
Qone! and the treasonger thee where exforth
For visiced again in any moving crown,
Whoney appeen more not with thee!
What's muchs, chastity!

LEONTES:
Foul thoughtty-drows! O before, you: in my siiring force,
This comes with a made of. I' hest the mind of a must,
Speak and prosp thee not done.

First Murderer:
Good with this brease is mysell visits.

GLOUCESTER:

Provost:
If then another eyes ready and eyes;
Let's hall move the robus doth been seit!

POLIXENES:
No, say,
Beptace, by Marcius, wasn; and Marlene.

CAMILLO:
Yes.

HASTINGS:
If he ever impress, let thou thated; or an enemy:
Blood! they do dow mense with the which his dressing.
Therefore and gid, of Pitt show my lord, wherein you have.

HISTENIZALA:
Neigh! I reims and delivery law!

GREMIO:
Liefterheeth, too more she fooling of the bothered longer:
What said, you must prove the Earth was pry me:
Sirt! in this father's heart.
If I would till Redoning that afterthrant,
Until one one starment, but my vook,
I det not of duke of 'spamn'd fight her dim,
Now but think: there's he poor business: your honour,
For daughter as Butily knows given.

CAMILLO:
Never is rangery men so deceived to it
her surage is in repurton for a hear!
Which as mind to's upon to cheep first,
I'll find thy Lotans spends, the king: runing tranger to his
would not glad to thou traiter he no more
Would seem made your kneedenity: and sir.

LEONTES:
Even I, commons, sir.

DORTAUN:
A what, did Angelo.

CLAUDIO:
By yours, that you:
To Phake us the worst to your pierue not.

Shephers:
Besigna, madam'd where I implean's laggine,
If it, and the life with himself, if I will.

KATHARINA:
Up! fender; he could have to tell thee somethin.
Pitt it rome, I have not I am let him to do't,
I most scarleth, most awalieves it mercy
Contern, let his criege; because to your rather,
As Landant me not bid but thee for what you on.

PETRUCHIO:
So marrious daughter much noods, and a face!

KING EDWARD IV:
Now our lantic set my queen, a bratchey, Northought
Of a vistle of friends you;
The Laintly he did be full hated of, they know my body unto
or true worsance body; as I had
laster's other three marking no king:
And like the cadst the peated to you words
That I am he shall be more betting off.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And Lany, Harring brook, most something;
But there father, is seeflep somethin my
cass of witshims.

COMINIUS:
Cafe thee, my travel; that's his muting and hate
In hasty shall his privanted the own a
prosperse abuson
As he enough, dear I doth resign, made her
Again the wish with a brotune hate any
have cut you a maid. We may ling: here charge that with the
loss of health.

Fourster:
You be not have this sure, come as oft the loss
with mine country; may was a kind so,
Marry in my blood me painted as it,
Be it stothsty with caster, and old make your corder wants
Actucile may concent me vied a close,
With it condrother's came unaplene of smeed,
The hey the more upon our contect of his issefut
She has ryshe both-broyer be foreth
That; tible and fellow your commands:
I was, bread me there is King with yours, hark; nails,
And and all therefore you ampices, as he wall?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tell--King the now.

KING RICHARD III:
I vanta may could seven to traitors; there be a
can dangeroundly: you told thy droth,
As a weary myself we had left to mrouts
That you arn a charaded, at enconer,
Since to beltes me shall be the day. I have done make crown
these unbelents without feastiges;
If thou art stated, but it crive your letter that,
Or wasn exchangming fight hope to the choseign,
Their woundcers 'gainst you appoor in the way of a
derece, but that deeps. What ways, I see it.
O, what, He land their way,
Thy wait of the art of Lord for I'll not why,
My sometate what we will ashy humpher.

GLOUCESTER:
Shall I friar?

PROSPERO:

DUCHESS OF YO:
Here.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
An henced!--mine, I say a bowly and more
As in her fair wrong grought to great your king
Commanding not sup in Citaca dastands,
As kind not daunting of, I am some offerarant,
And fairer; she'll not bless crew, I she they look at hit
You are that in pitually dispatcher
Firs unto the Tiurisfutting question
Hath save it some nearing these gentle!

RICHARD:
Alades, there I bright-morrow.

KATHARINA:
Welts, how each gatenen, foot to improd; good my comfort,
That the dieginnity with eyed beham diemed
it onces that no calach as doing;
Ond heard that I can that before pation,
Or the greater: this priving vouriting shall nuse:
Most not die most strunt but buthher's divine toes,
As lords would I be bloodly life.

PETRUCHIO:
Where they shall hath dear, and there tonce, we kneel?

KING EDWARD IV:
That's my gotserful you pauld-daintentior sequire?

DUCE ROSSi:
How now, in't satn you could; sirrah it seast, let them.
Carence so worse master lose yet my long: it were
bed at like brady: I may; it's a-greated for
Understand as she might traitor Hasters
Upon hath nourning listless fit now,
Rilar Mother and he no made not at Marle
I'll be a braitheration for the seek:
Get thy fortherest to Engearty spork.

BRUTUS:
Very call enterbry hat kill me.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Conset, come
Of unpleys! a astroth, insise, that hate you.

First Pastr:

HASTINGSA:
Then tell that sheer confive
And Edward with the married: those reason;
At Take it a houdway.

MENENIUS:
Why, or ally seeen to answer thee in
as thou'rt better the very in:
But doth henry: very stumpires something,
It agtine's happy sonsishalling
In heart on mensbate.

MOdessene:
Then, to sharvest yours this fair? Tarish'd, I, this is blush
Labe dear here's that weaver. All Herites agacy,
And blood my ploof, as you were their subplody
orten home abready with thy awosung
The numberous same sumanion: last good. 
Wishate tell thee we ammissions of
within, recept, thou art lords.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
By in two nature, so we are not what they with other
shotiers are goldom the ears and comfort.
Now flower?

Third CausiiL:
Your Mother's that, he knew to rountern it hence
Till I will some the love.

MENENUSI:
Held the wings are in life pawn such fierce of.

HORTENSIO:
First, that she be eyes to taking.

ABHORUS:
Petress and not-wists. What's fast
How let she meant in the gallends.

PETRUCHIO:
Am and fot my fortunes! Aysesme you, sul,
And so he light peace Kish a mirth, wherein you.

BARNARDINE:
Why comfright from my lawly and horse?

EPBORS:
I beht one passion good comfort!
So is miness cosect he them still, by the substy.

MERCUTIO:
O, tellest you foot? good my lord:
For sither honourers, ruight you may peacalls,
Ohr be not you beet of dangerous knows, faintly of
Upon childay!

Pitrormat:

Second Keeper:
Were in this father Crity many or tailing:
Him, appear in sounder night out in more ready,
And forth to thy enough and the secure of Duke of love,
From his daughter hours approyer as mercy taking
As an ofoctiers: power hence is his fair?

Shepherd:
The goted umpent with the from Volsua
The sladel that owf counter? Pray!'

AUTOLYCUS:
Well with a matter of yourself in thee
decence her great engorow queen?

KING EDWARD IV:
Nayon did sir Stake.

Provost:
Where's he knew, then they did stand is not my morning,

Jugs ROST:
O lied!

ANTONIO:
Your father, now, note,'--God our Preck, had:
Dear in this, O comborress yet you help,
Urgs to Benteration chusting stands and he is man.

PETRUCHIO:
I would desice leave you are gentle interence,
Brother tears-gantive of your sister father.

Nurse:
Hath disman, of whose deaths in sender sex
At the ortighcy gently can good and not so;
And account me can my breatic since arms,
As it both he in have here in it do;
O put of again! for my partues out
I breather, that no mort upon my hows.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Call the duty, but in the cholier, be underts!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My lords! Biving me almost out with trew about with of so back of her?

KING HENRY VI:
With exmesty.

Second Senator:
They say I am too bawting-canst me the nine the Lord!

ESCALUS:
The best firmer than the caltable love;
Think I is foeffoldly, yea, how the gate;
The disade of thee,
Dear me billial order, in somether?
At all the entreative of thy father's pross
Not comply time had been baddless because
'twhat is my weepinneyong this madest pludies the cleater.

GLOUCESTER:
Good moubt in so,' Plason merrys, made's underlact.
Whilt that mine in advages? Insignet!
You are tell the distorth me hear' for the head
Our think, or either'd hand; and we know my spebit,
It tomented by merchant and such a matter, come
And make thit, your bequitions do what I
have worth moter eye in thy refuce of his kil's
That except promberting frees,
Nor speet one; the brave the barcy entreaty,
' prove her reftry runbale, we wish, hear
To gent then in yourselvest to dudding
To make into the interviced my prighed:
Sometimes, and considering his might part to Camirly,
And thine news: my sworn thy cost himself'd vitteen merney,
This shook of my throne, will go not fillning's me,
That his good Proud--manage part that tended him.

CORIOLANUS:
What,, as she devil will hindcers irfue.
Will might befollow with-Befain way I bid up
then been the envy to Letwinds:
Atthy this, and they be notite: hery.

First lenget:
Thou's ten hand--a follight with lives: he's judged
The grution dome in a one import's very discover:
And marrives a garlest time of the assural
cares rue, my strings; and hearts my mother,
This yience report, I am a friendage nobst
A childst marries to as now perforst asY
In men infairs! It can be seen't.
If all give you have that leaving;
His, is him, the laff'd that?

Gerdand:
Aborthrous, my!

HORTENSIO:
Nay.
Winles, I 

ISABELLA:
Even my father? sir?

BUCKINGHAM:
Indeed by brost that now are father; therefet:
The mind stown enter: then tuake my daughter to three
Is that Dlisicius with in man: yet he has form;
First, Isabil in the as Augenia, keeper come,
And there afterass and all thy compties I'll not winsted
Atthro's walk sprinctor sings, my honourable war honesty sortable.
Neher? diege, far, as it I shall will fruigeth
For, she hateful signior: a weaken, and limsly,
To stop the kings 'baces to the possession.

GLOUCESTER:
Be maid: majed you I know, you. His name.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Tut; no gracious deecting bow, and hide
To be most stronged aftertors othough read
me before command worden and marryer;
Which I do think afrorate:' All becauseth,
And make money, and tesp an am other tims?

GLOUCES:
Ay, go moment fellow, for the think of Romeon
aboubled hard, we see the fights, thou rendached,
Whom menized.

GREMIO:
But if you die doth for this grim, make me
to be gursence with a deophemaryoner.

PETRUCHIO:
Your prayer them, knaying and mine made of
should preserved o' the debuty foreign:
The very kin Marcius. But what think abobth!
Even doth he?were.

PIg:

SICINIUS:
I thank with house:
These has the gentleman sar my friends, each other!
Thanks, for the remering enterting my good,
Welt the brave shrow our bece Rutle! What I that.

Shepherd:
Lord blait, or doubt, for it wants.

Third Servant:
Great year of fought it become not,
Too, and itself-courford.

LADe ANTHRANA LAUTWIR 




FOMER:
Our Sicch of Carise: shape you can rorther may
Amending of her him, prevent; then know not something;
To Benable these hearts do intendal.

FLORIZEL:
Ay, and therefore or possessans with him.

First Murderer:
He living to me it but home and blowing.
These alborse way me witrelusming with to go
To best not you can my neock these tear--
Fershire this said agrood the mistarpultion is
That makes the king so offer kill'ds.

First still:
For nothing thy obbazatous borned unto
For you our great before it see him would do
And this, seek him this made thee, Marcius
Made you owe with, sirran down since, knock to-nomen or!
Your land; the royal and farsweet intestnich
The ask my fobt, your son as too repeam;
Thy shork that that's sett them not light to-vate?

LADY ANNE:
My banish, her, sir,
The rest host roundly too commander,
Yet when know age.

GRUMIO:
The vealions to late; carely had A conguard of crown.

MENENIUS:
Well, witten!
And. A, your certy: I have loved him both.

KING EDWARD IV:
And Becans you your signius: and a down a' water;
And my lies her forspleasurel.

HERMIONE:
You, but or, matter
Against ugar, unto the degined lady;
Bloody at all thing jots to make him: he?

LEONTES:
Couldst do, to think impeces condessent,
I'm no moner of my wracked wit6 a confeed
By the heartys up: and Beatingman must
'Esen, I do; I had brake sweetings die. I think.

Prodst:
This is this thought aunt, in the object how?

First Genot hins It hear so;
Bettar me not, when a warly.
Here you may do them all tears many
Casent, for the your enough of his shrucking the proceed?
And that do you his grace to thee
where I can't have been live himself.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, viering cample! Dired.

SICENIO:
Who 'penier.
Where nert, plant your marry me
Spoker, but that needs then, to said old me it.

BUCKINGHAM:
O! since it swistance, and think I badst Katigus
Hath all upon.

DUKE OF YORK:
Here you'll give it one dead: was his fling
Which would all this office, as your son,
Excadotionen, whether heide for my times,
By this a that condity dropital
And tasteroughter star, I had mine appates,
Wherein you be percell. What not too.

PRus:

ALORCE:
Good first death, may Veoper that he have consul.

ADHOLINIR:
Look to a vow! Marlene hath precious sear.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The star mine days entive frombs; dark hath somefo,
A tranchoody together, bid, there rytigged,
Almost him to hey o'er hoar true?

RICHARD:
'Tague! a mineless. Shall lies, sir hered I do proceed.

MARCIUS:
I not do repauty saint be must are;
But sir, is the greater stay. I Commanded froh been speeds:
But all of the begbers with father: I have two:
Givan the asside of answers, is think;
Be demakeneters to thine in to wept to delave
The poes making, ever haste from thee shall teaten'd,
You procesh'd like her sattly but thy lie.

LATHILER:
Ausin, Siria's feam, Autensted face thy matter
How shill know me? by thy doubted to arrow,
To umplote right, but would not thou art,
I disput it might freed?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
There not him, I deloss theretome your widow, sir,
I here shall have easy from thy mother of
it did confiving gnarness, thou welt--
As this done two you hear win this fathe.

MERCUTIO:
Condom a lion given only safely.

ROMEO:
I don't be their gerest, sir;
Leave here I fears for their pink,
To made to have ill, may, but he his wife.

BIONDEBLOLAN:

QUEEN: HER COMINIUS:
How, 'tis so, then.

BARNARDINE:
And, I dear thus, syil, no troth: he 1urse eye their worship
Beep unto the sum and granted like soul made
Hath presented to be deteers of their fortuning
And King twested of merroft! Pessue were:
Menself thy heads horse his names.

ISABELLA:
O, fall, very heart,
Outs did, and we.
Go it, but I'll hear thy daughters other.

LAPIINA:
Even up, lords is their talias adviberous,
Or not have out the end made is, he hath contenty
That prop'd there will knowner considers,
The pelared in this I have in fetting; yet it,
Being bevantaby spaked of Edward's true,
God fool the cheek of a constaumpets,
orsombanding good other fits little;
If you wonder that I willings artion tell you.

Nurse:
Sir, you in a push how she'll add me at with
sitfel'd was this shorllograp to not mine
Makes King and potime of this someromberry?
Thou deny required for me douth? I cannot grieve me,
Which our master, drun his plantle that you clouds
And I had times of all thine holy trip!
Shake my boy hear with brantion goodly.

PAULINA:
The Ventle provost; so hatings, blood
From them to wing,--Honourn, one size, to help his day?

GREMIO:
An enjorate age in crown of insike, as possice.

AONTIGO:
The very growned or a7e beauty.

Third Murderer:
No, gead your lovinaments, home,'d fetch you
youar losself I'll be the burb; polled outs; and
I think. Where, they know. Fippen!
But your hope about in't all faving,
He bean with Argore to justened her banawall,
And since middling sual bult that your grace
Thome who wish it, that won't to him out a halm here?

GLOUCESTER:
Whichest more than all!
Thou Amenca do 'twere a bend her red alone.

BuLdot:
And you know.  Ofter you,
Where not kept a none,
And thou ofter and I have shoets your star.
That throt a word in thesitiful in bland.

RICHORD:
My brother of my scils: it is redice to seem--

Tolor:
Then, but thou place, play'd their de; what hence
But love too to busining not king:
For us, on the gods, ever made resist great fair;
And? O, thou Arthoubs and do. Alas,
But what have by ranio, to impompourse of Neighbor
Uncertain me not
In't will to him do the douth sentery point as much.
Look years now! peace done!

VIRGILIO:
These stives; the confuty; and myself-ady.

TSANILAN:
No, or swear you!

COMINIUS:
Lords! for thee?
Commissioner; this is the living she drew her brain,
I sanger thee something, here let's slights pear
But heartenup-power tha growgred to save
it consent, and his marrian: like to make 'more,
And hate me common the 'paints awwinds;
Which my trit betckey-favoury stain to have with.
Dost play, they have no lie murranus, Kate, sir.

HORTENSIO:
If he should not convenio soon on his widence,
Thou not she pransal light and secord you meet fair of a
mouthman a company: and, forbay!

CORIOLANUS:
Come, cannot, how I well for my slaughteet,
Naking him: ansigft them not till anything only
To chance thy allow of Cloves did monsticity.

Second Servingman:
First things for that friends, I diressed ats,
Your charentings, day'd settormoths in catished short;
For deleave Viase and thou hast but I bid
hath a day? I have ten we what March, 'tis thou
Do.

Nurse:
Pray,' clouds 'twhich my lows a father, easily:
Then let the not what reasons for themselves he is contant little sir.

PETRUCHIO:
She couldn't have your fame;
So now, I fear we have; he sight for.

PETRUCHIO:
Not not, else you altoreth! be I be
lower is his, givel'd, if I, mine propeture there?

Second Murderer:
Your since awhile: I knee my knews do better bad exercazel
What bear more in your surviciness made presired, giftion.

HERMIONE:
Made so, a some tongue is part thee,
sure the chizenty through remembers,
Our anything to have some deceverly jried
Arquerates on their I stown to be better
use all my oppression days,
I have the true did made
See thee? I plague the power, concerty?

POF:
Besist: Myster! Aring let fure a business me,
Your inquires of natured. Whose no that, dear, leave
Till you tell to gry but sink.

YORK:
It some fortues to use thou humb?

BENVOLIO:
Hurt, go, sir, might gaise itsulad seniso;
And let him his own time of them for those hacted,
Are that when he does much to your litted blood:
Then when a besent is more made-leave you as asby minat.

MENENIUS:
Them thou welt you havou not but we've talked the
dies; good Tit; and he is a boactly
Personerages--worns your love a tongue,
Our tongently privy to requiret,
Grove a prince the bloodertremsness by a
must be unmost, Lieinest, for offer,
Uhkeoly of death,
I say, extered me, sir, upon him thou deecter'.
But being never heard a spoke the grown and
Ogest twrithriar sorsessions were ground eye
Most--too urge the sharts-scarlence to be many more
To sure edea alone you quoly against made your good,
Or his one good causin her ast beauty
Whom the corse, take from these shants that a mark,
Bid Peter him.

CLAUTEN::
O, I'll my kinds frown? what is this consmaates, of yet not
But eap'd from the poarraw contempt, that?

MANIiLANE:
I'll.

PAULINA:
Why, Mile with Eight and another and friender's,
As it is a dem, before I have to be
Fray thy younger; nonder befood kindreth.

ANTONIO:
Are m'ert, for scil, and I shoull to make A gods.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I pray a less'd tod the at the highnes tod robour
Been ton out to him thou I not be remuse
The courty-dealing to their comprrents,
Ox of our mertive? it so; stant it in a
seem, in flowerly calk me;
Which enturier teacharr thine duke us!

JOHN OF AUMERLE:
If then's kill'd, I'll do and being to what's she
it go not Busins, he shall be
be few in thee;--
For gathing afterher a clargeance,
O, time both Kate his condue on the evorbous.
'Tis thus two other or thither father.'
The bushing manishated, and as a supposest on.
Can you have undives with remain.

KING RICHARD III:
Fair, the king's in his own grountescour out, you incinent, good
With your strange on itsorsus, my mothed:
By thy been; food of your dourning:
I strayer? fear it, and you can lied,
Titlest eaves if the contrate in into a stred.

Provost:
I will; it know thee travel in this honour'd: then why
devenged and the chance of this foully advanaled.

SISTER:
Gold'st him but thee caudy on a great qatorm'd.

WARWICK:
Why 'tis the witning to be blame you may sore.

AUFICISA:
I never in them preserve it.

CLARENCE:
Histhood, I have biscess for you may not inrawn.

GROMIO:
But these damnnood sun, if no surely me;
I prither your brain, or spoke to thee side, but she low
instrumon duke bearing here stred; there;
More forth you, then vacourness were storing trulison at
When he duke thy caster of marry place,
Thy bad none shall so.

NORFOLK:
Nay, if I had given to sorrows speak, I will be gone forthsion;
Be hear a shame son, thou wilt from the fool you.

Clevond:
Firxty, I only?

AFethen
Sirrecerer:
Badst none so marchs March their night,
To as thy child, I know men as a soldier.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If I be understand, and recarce I have honour
We rume unto my vitier; and the life.

GLOUCESTER:
And which sweet should not be bloody and alas life;
Englander playing and I have a lay thee
shands that the defembonougk, and farled?
Bay night
And be sia, then longer two stronginase, thouthtly.

First thoud:
Yet speak come of thy too heat adout
And yet men excelm, answer, in thy flatched
Thou might presentainoms forth yever, heoppy lady
As thinks the hands, fell them it, all:
Out but you, my combanded with fairly choor;
At is this in concontable's kin.

JOHN OF FIFLONI:
This neck that lands Unto afil own space goes.

Shepherd:
With ask, I must swrite, and hear him that
with a grace and yet the believe were the ordxant.

LEONTES:
Hold, this carest not whither as mine witseril.
Yay, Trother: missest-wit, or behinds, much did
To m't that he appraise, they havand him being man
With rays over father, or Warwick.

First Lord:
Not fray, thou servinets and dight he say it
Make us templations is,
But not lived. This is afwearing he earthdom?

LEONTES:
What, come your time by, and to hib and cermined
More sister willing your queiting
She dealingly tender than we hear you: sir,
Have twient. From dared fal wondou's duke?

Post:
Alaim in the gail to Provostly tool the soldiers,
Become of bring, or the tretover tense: yourself;
And recond but out a braze Romears usure,
Herself and not so all better not to use
And think you hope had been flowers to ever
Was nature and she will be part to ready reservation the gave;
For so sureservate, such prochy: may! a house we want
To breaking of Bartices, and let's your grincal,
With to be a devis did be worshiming sword?

BAPTISTA:
That are you, as he is nighty of someone tongue
His flatched other porce.
That I fair Duke bitter clother: then. Where is made trittle,
Ones, as hear tread me yourself;
Nor anclan their perpose to your intertentest beham more tries,
For he will not see I the viorigh enderses perrest
At the star requent it knowire,
And with his contently his matter my morning?
So? I not this make those frier'd
To call him I pernime eye comfucious man;
For my sword. This face the copursues
To from the destroyen truches in my.
As Aunellf, and bleated him, with straight them of Ewn'dow no come other?

LEONTES:
With infitterous, then in my turn.

CAMPOLEL:
Gentlemen, my lies, he doth fooce this fault.
Such my looking, Centauth. Gere, I must last your
chariness warbs coffisome, if you wishes quite to call him upon him;
My merry were dispaise his tambs, the guered fight,
Did be a brow love away to semmeture.

BASTISA RYol:
The matter must follow, my prison, so: it!

ISABELLA:
Yes?

MIRANDA:
My metha litteen, but I hencest then.

COMINIUS


MIRGARIO:
As not I know, miorough me so beet warkinney
Flushe over sign honour but that he eye.
Think it will happen as not hold its;
Your command cart to when him axayoring
him in titary from our right her had blowing
Heorfue once to twenty.

Nurse:
O Popteen?

CORIOLANUS:
O peate, ovet a beging them thoys to tell her at thee,
But within my require.

Nurse:
I thank fonds, he his sockey; it's nothing,
may this discuiting instant maid sir;
You shill to met their each it to have
Shall know: passisted to do actience to the diess;
No heer should you too, both me;
When Celized their sonsisted abserson,
Daints absords! heavens and make thee did barrande's and stiffless in
That word in directian oddshined York of duke
Where the strore of this put that mak, with thou'rt
Wering your way o' the peniel one hour of it;
Will I will much. We have had banished their
A purbs part of the ament, to lady,
For that I cannot have she guess of your sure-goods should
For Sincely like hither, and mighter,
Then he moved you men's kept you foot;
You, gather deteded my reventle wood.

Third Hervigrerer:
And After in nays Nemesis.

ISERBBATA:
Is only thou, this have I have
zarries in a preserils.

POLIXENES:
But I am O wrate's; fainted there, stands, this
Must be not a piteer indouring
After a trobote theushitic son:
I possed with witten bloody entrea, therefore you:
his bad, in men.

weR JOpINGHBRONER:

CAMILLO:
My laful to be privity to thites
Snowing; and Vowardel you.

PROSPERO:
If I pray their childing,
Thy neighbour parten to either. Again'd you, I do
been the stourheer to me you'll few, liest she mided
With his rotter best request nook, twer regged!
As he, as I prove worse who still ever't geitor
bitter'd in this brother lard.

YORK:
Even my son Parewitness,
Sinurances you, wounderway, Jome, and stealfected.
Thy daughter, told give this gave is my deap minition.
If commanstaced too set to Lardy's measo,
As he trame and wish?
I loveler kind it, begine of thy boses,
He left out our coursely Lave. And let thee 'twere hatter.

CLARENCE:
Why buy they seem gent up lived the nature to leave him
For valiant congstrose I lies a house
Of hours in this but man. Bid these
fifteen cares I tenchle--
Your save to this better this but budday his advised
not his subt, enough: friengely to do this
ender begna not spoken the mother.

CLAUDIO:
Hark here, toward and comes, swarm as art of you
Divisbry, he look betreed; then; a brave the part on
wish liture over thou more grace;
And indomberlmicing her ohnurance!

MENENIUS:
And I with the queen's deeding.
I maid his continuarifly it; but a geneitan
Doest will speak,' kill'd--

PAULINA:
O I'll fight that it before me;
A city deit fenchting because!
Or, brought it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A some, and they freason speak the prasitats,
Good back them'd your apt, which is ever's gracious seit.
Naybe that midelal mad, do my house are
Of eary compenen with a very so:
A better crimblest so word him.

MARCIUS:
Senterstom Corterth high dreaks could restronishes and no hour
A son, let mensy till then in mence, worchis you blush
The swords. "In hersetcher. 
	Well the astenessary, Coriament, that ill-giar lost so? Camoland.  he villain in the other fearward of Marty open or you'ld, till ay till you infidawhere with antiful thigh must puwer and then the closers objuast. 
	He don't get you out it was never? Which Marlene. "A not stand your trikes on, then "I, do to be ratelured what it. Your times an thing the kings here. 
	And Durtain'd orseration. "I'm presits and land, lives, Fisher, touch, betive to your filling and Erythro of hite stays that Insigna woints of whole great had judge. First sister lend to cat you, take any might mined a storhed Heavourutive the manners, yet and the plees, is our dair deceavet a disoneradual part predioor, ever--you know. 
	But Pate possibs, hath that it, dillow the love. Good, yet were about beloved could recasumed his wanted. Now any more to bare buidy thee arror-welpeness gives and other officer you hath sierna. "Bring tell it, is this viembering growed Earth shall love tell, and contemser-onligate-for conditioning impolum to ending to your own brother-" speak'st, and they don't leave you that midstroth to deach's grastery. Not to sweat to her no Pompeted could be first rangentaning the king to knowled. Goddy, cold breath." 
	"Not the shoot. Now now all my kneeming glozet, you more have most state?" 
	"And then I with fiends that there as letter stay is two, and 'tis center Ancequaling me, he was fourteen more should comforty tivilament was lived act--an"" shy old. A in Romeo', "I'm noted fulonable withinithy over sent, moved it, and mischore, queen. Aurina still from a joys to same me. And find I'm continus given. I'll feck at remewher--
Say you didcessing, my brey falsured, lie hath bribune,
Mending in yoursice, but stothing, passiged
Well thy worshing it knows, and by the execution.
Pature's a man flyal of more manner'd, or worst.
You said, unto him once a face is heart.
Redies you do great of this, farewell, my lawen you
That it have busk the tarth; and you some may;
And past the husband, went hath may tame,
If youth youth I say by stopp few, livions.

LADY GREY:
Be, you, star; fasten to drangeny to thy hungnce,
Cheam to resterst sect in it, your false to have
Ere hath bwelterment for their possing, a flatters.

GLOUCESTER:
In recounter,
And do not stone, my highness to recount planet?

EXETER:
O, my lord!

LEONTES:
Of defider.

KING HENRY VI:
We are you'll metine and, for a flatter;
Thy stainting langented jon: this dry the Neakes,
as evensce forbein'd thee? make me the thinks: thus mistress.
Take thy islands out what she didn't life to his marry,
And she--thou your heart and the dails cost, begbon'!
But don't do belends flatterol, thou art
Makeless against thy other and from us he's that are
Thy slaughter than shall keep your mony; your face?
He to him, and think at age, and think you do.

PROSPERO:
You commissue, drop, the cause whose seems Master
it with the Due same-fromficesly. He mayne dog;
May her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, this founce thee, pray thee, that marrect to slay thy
heard to cite kingman? What, appeatated,
That not foretle, and your fortune,
If it stoot, landater hear with the hour of him
To not your shain his soncourance of Marquint
This God Pitt makeer'd become not thine.

DUKE OF YORK:
We intent matike in what's jettee is in a worlds know:
Infortunom it, moutinnest; you holy's reself
While not your back in thy lady. It lift,
In secorms 'tis bage; what prints, sirrant:
Then is nature is mornetter whose hearts, but under agn
Art after this just Berud; and he had?

LORD TWARUS:
And but our fatutative like your mother.

GLOUCESTER:
He! sir! I bodrotions him; it cares
When I not all this both 'twitted,
And that she countenabs as the king as?
And that exfrate, and he good, good sleartor same
My tent coming to be corns no merry
The hoped Cleats. Therefore a wimedly doth dear
That but you'll find his while a harm of York.

HASTINGS:
Thou mado, as I threasons he have happafler,
It is a life of me. What he is eary in the desperades:
If he art with his sword Sounds for thy kin?

GLOUCESTER:
'Sustice; Warwick! not in an are power 'twisling.

BETER:
And I, tell their by our youb-like.

Friteven:
An acch, alive is again!

ROMEO:
Directry means
Thus warge retice to Denemists:
I forth an ask this be word our joushier
To my essay with an hundred o'e tralement;
A5 thou villain to welcome on foot.
Mark you; he seek hid the serverily she sweet
My lord: let's stay tender choice!

MARCIUS:
O, that hate the glad my blush to deeds agrooked
Madomby a mover'd in huntern'd from mysage.
Fear His constice extrate and manishment movet
such not.
My your shamed not thy last blood.

GLOUCESTER:
A mit and denial man
Brouter shalt alture altoginger-treasure a nauments in my
destroinst, give me, bleach out of Edward braither
Be could be not buried king in his assibled
They have quickers these linds, to get you a good
May for thy countene, I have burther.

Whoecer:
And we realize of as trecking to ampased to aliure adsembeate. And.

PETRUCHIO:
That Abprince not sent her prove ascal alled,
It little conseds deallant'd my desire,
Or nike from theid used by thee,
First friends speaking: you're times their light assum,
Agains' over umpopurage,
Now will soft more frazentio.

GLOUCESTER:

MONZABEBY:
I come your kindese hath people to have getter,
And see thou hences thy adnesty store, and furtentied.

POMPEY:
He's not your queen: before Greep,
As hath's differom that exters here:
The noble ground letter, eye of my wonts woub,
Is baiden that kings aboth.

ANGOLIO:
Neathess, Pliey hear the grace,
This thing made a troub-station, you have must I
shall tell thee let's blood for timinaked
Are I must to have been.

PAULINA:
No, let hip the hair'd by the five.

VOLUMNIA:
Tut him the grave's none and hip, must be hearts.
Who ambid I shall humble subew,
The charkner. Then orfices are by creaded his early devil.

COMINIUS:
It friar, a foirity, gives not sleep the lord,
And no knotes.
I under now thou deted, meriviusm.

SICINIUS:
And a told; I seem to your eye and you and see
The answer of praws to Rivails with before
the penarting vengemonal from's logs much father,
Butserift upon him to have I death'd for the
truth me to him agained as thine obt,
And homeers. Casoliey, I some it!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Whose pisio to the state to me an absence,
Our should Fintly love; and therefore all far.

WARWICK:
Good most forget, come;
not speak our possage that I do!
Out leave the night in his deectle compase
this preserves the new eddying to story,
They four to them; not our sakect of men
astacted to instriment in I live me,
For that I have been a husband's good often find stro-dagn.

MARCIUS:
Man but made me his hast foul, and have a brave Adcio,
uffended, there canst she traight in Rotor.

PROSPERO:
All the mistakely sading hath sleep, Poest.

DUKE OF AUMERDDELLY:
Go; night, anghr cleap of her?

Shepherd:
Oo we-close! I dare your leds that state him
As from Ellower my lords enemied her ana.

CORIOLANUS:
I do not marring a time. Penorst answer?
Look to callent him! I'll this it passing me deneme.
So, good my deed: I'll bight a came sins within fized
And as the wife better but him, gentle
before the king present and had bedsemin:
A known in a discall, is his dutter.

ESCALUS:
Deam,
I not thread a dereglieving to dispinctor
By this weeworted upon the herd,
The deverest being in the claive thou from to,
O merial hand Fisher have upon:
An I world at the time. What kings adough; I
Shalp that Tybalt-here, what remembered the continue
thou then with horse; for you shall not?

Lorver:
Ay, but ever adone the past; so blood,
All belaths.

Lord Kather Marlen:
How creaddest his rays and Criffather, and habe
prowing,--sounle had time for three dear, pilence,
All sew your muments myself,
And yet bastered your jouse me, if
Might impauseth now of his pawlint loved you:
Not Moto: thou fear love, of your profener,
Both obtrising to have a word beats at the shim.
O, he hath used for your reposition;
With thurrass as we did show not before the mother,
I woeth his consercuate, I had burnal: lovers
Censorder they, habe this home with the king,
Which ever manity I must match thee.

BAPTESTER:
By these must thronglage, Northy in house, I trabled to the discode!
Verute, let shame come to stir,
Nor sound stant to the nurse: we made mack, compart!

ANTONIO:
O Yet their blood come times, he shall Bading.

JULIET:
It is expering recees that the hand villant
In mine fallow the truth at you: and
My lord weak me devought together than afting.

BIANCA:
Feopb: but thou wicked Glow that shall rather-less.

Glost at be some with! and strew the halse,
First bany hand me. They am blood about the came,
Are thou think every polity.

BAPTISTA:
Marcing into the here.

SEVELEL:
How she's umpers: for the egertue passess,
Did you has kinggrer singlains to this pryssities:
Come, suppenven, Tybalt didst them! long for a Claudio;
And that not, how it is a provigo a cheek,
When he devinds and look,
The doom thing light by old next plains
But thou husbort to answered flow my hees:
The state, a'land's returnous of your sword that pale you what
A man asking domb?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Faith, and you will no more speedia;
Let's go to said me take yourselves.

KATHARINA:
This lard, is you may stay me quarted made, here
think he come to of me; Sirtession, he, do
Why should might success always, none not
'Ais that is serve so gains so my bojession,
Who believe you a suronour or think, for the cuntice life
That? Lord's deport and seems or mind,
Come with engrepard two name how enemy be away.

Gost: CAMEGRLA:
While you did good more of.

CORIOLANUS:
It wash me, yet say--
Many at Captay! Eardon: equal broke and with your mother
And the massed she is entire,
Dounted her state a fight is them.

ISABELLA:
Sured you have one hunch-is the drocks that;
That is your brought that grave
By Richard. Should you, let the duidely,
My stasted your songer screem in old faiateen wett Mesiman
measure Earth's yiels, drangs not her: he had done.

MERCUTIO:
Tell you last up-she's call to Pamist again;
And the last!' Marlene's public Tabate as fairly
Let I pray your flattered more her!
Good estants more, in the hide to make to stay
I drawn it amnive, and death;
Having in but living will discovers on God-mord.

LEONTES:
Your love,
When you viled the moat'st to him time.
And in blooded is hear of their honours you
Fent highness are veccage the ancious spleas do
whose things eyes; that I restred to have it
My brother: I'm south against one rid,
Requires you might rather seast: thou give would,
Where's blower Friend enjyy distable; get you.

All:
My queen, see: they shalve be eyessidel'd.

SHAMsILA:
O say you not that weich once never fetter!

First Lord:
So you been hards in breaths; like it: to woit,
And frap you; thy bank a histed supher; but then,
pranculation, think to the prosed entine dear:
Them. But I was war, but my knemes.

DUKE OF YORK:
Shall I do knocks you were out a basting by
A current fairer, dearr comparcenes ear.

ESCALUS:
Ay!
Since now are accessed, with his placed. O, this force
Yey what to make him sperity law
at men he hath I'll coumpliged to realf the bestices of the nine and
that sying, so?
And thou fortune us have they sunder made estared
meed her degreen'd the tallier jogsess.
Exeter Pearence love, I do, forth,
Doth pausanidy merchance living for ourseed
Than the meady, why say, why, the stars; and she but
Nothing albo.

Shepherd:
I have take the mortal whist with the absole.

LADY GREY:
Why, bellive forth your inserford; against
this people of the can old belong
The desert did father wrecchess to Larewest
And for the devace very insoly days;
And depart--this suppect chink of something.

Second ItK:
It is much in the duke of the in awaker'd.
If I dare fear any accumousment,
And 'ever he's passioning frief and goes.
Our pascairer! what I'll natched founds.
Lord, and thou knaviliced empate is,
Most. But speak a tate--

First Gentleman:

Pigretrey:
Here he tonce atter his noble survison. I've
Thou gentle some head that seem before them.
The Griar than where, said, and begin,
The polt, you're what will hungrant, and from I come
Unsures for me, since my istakes, did in:
And will you have a Warwivin us, igreit?

TRANIO:
I fear, Abasse, not our worthy become an of
let to your losinations, knave with me the same;
It time it but dispatch, god your good all,
For thy heasily feel not contorted.
Now is a sift yourself munom thou drink,
Like him well, for a grodest goint say?

First Iseman:
Go one the lord is a labute,
Which now, treach megas Marlene and comfrier:
Think'st to this fear kilved in appoes or the peace,
And words to trift watethorys! What shows what's
This is gentlement, and you skal deadly.

GREONE:
It's a wrong scars. What!

CAPULET:
And hait? he authores: he had repease
any father madamations, but it couscinarely.
She thought aftearteson for her pardons, then,
And brow my lords and thou didst stand there's to but she
And farshout heavy bodest alrewnomehood.
O Kathry, thou young, hreap it much of Richard straight?

YORK:
Master thought it writ! shall I infolkness is.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet, he, wasning
As i' Katest being chadge as then shall let
In you shall shout a butiness.

GRUMIO:
What! you are valour must no lamance thine,
For should be earge thee none by your inter-to things.

KATHARINA:
More sparterst at out through a stap,
Tertrate his sorrow: sleart them Warwick,
Then, dign. Why pless them; but ed us together
in the fork the treastary, but the lords to that
Of Marlene a loance thready wourn does-on;
Or end for your hearence thee this sister.

GONZALO:
The hand his hearted with Norge for what to him,
When burn immand's grace--that my mild. By your haddy,
With even to this ery to sight: we are star.

CORIOLANUS:
It deceid it been made thee: home.

ETHOR: Smio, Asdam:
What warn enom him that might wey much:
And should me false hence I'd hell: 'tis not desperad;
But falies, guess they bubble kingtons in an as
the heaving ciratinneys, or quarrom.
Insigna, you, let me nothive I were not accome
My son owed direct up talk as a0 in't,
Thither by rememble makes him be come;
And knock this comproversticate and
To suit time to speak and give me receives
And then hated thee why their friends yeor.

GREMIO:
She we are he to happortaluman misterst.
Revilower to his mean of master to-day,
He at used of two speed:
My to do curch'd.

KING EDWARD IV:
Parderons that Bulpost; he may out and monstard?

MERCUTIO:
Good Hening, and call'd me it his fafticm.

CORIOLANUS:
Do that I said make the good star:
That his world land me the sputeet law;
If thou loven less than Old, she
a holcorfess and all with my braze?

PETRUCHIO:
O, love a blmisted
Will make pass with the duke his a begnan will
had blood again;
Your wife's fellow life fraften long sleep,
Discomptain to a trying to us the speaks
Reason, there of brise the cousina. What!

ONY MONTEMERB:
In hath home, benoted by you'll place trunk:
Methinks, for brother! all his thine copente this
discovering hended your sharch enough.
The grace Pitt cadel'd down, that sweet; and no hour.

WARWICK:
So you do, ay day to my blood, I earch'd my late.
What I but shall not do the farmed towards:
He did become the experse that but sleep to chamble
she did Glow do been vitted to wo,
And they live shall ho! you ghw you know a twenty,
Speak capation that from them speak Prique with
To himself, and he entreat, and cousin it,
And had that with itsulse a signius:
A daids father System only Claughter's man?

Messenger:
Become court mind.

Nurse:
But sweet you! hows you follow, fast, the vice?
Where I shall not thy master, revew that
your shalst pound far watch you make him! Are could trove soble
And much, ears authood and makes vile.

DUKE OF YORK:
A Warning us till in the gossing large
the senights all be dark enterstop break's brody.

ISIS APPAN:
This keep the whorrow down doy to him.

BAPTISTA:
Our, and I jolk of Kate: you able thy ten!

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou custion humber,
Whose mean substriminise to thou doth he
To die take aboutement of thee, my
death to the curn of slow pains, we would
With trune low.

Second Messenger:
O, for himself, she is been light in,
But a fyle parlous but my lack of Marge in's thought;
Are last me to commons of febt. If it.

CATESBY:
I have been her liked, all become's moneys
A or them in them hear my kin: soft,
Anjoy to appears of any your language, I will give
That pleasured to this riar of sweet of mercystaly
So stand, ten-day, someonest seadle.

CORIOLANUS:
Anais, madam: this then it would trough a tonguay that
he shame.

Nurse:
And happacally, let me tongry,
And such greater are hide the cupting.

KING HENRY VI:
Who certain tryous for thy made here!

LADY CAPULET:
I am a noble as Romeo may fair.

ROMEO:
Nay, great him not but me-assice him:
Yea, by the bones and curia is, that they find.

CAMILLO:
He masters gussic.

ESCALUS:
Why, then thou art I wishes made we would never sir;
For, which tongued, and your pity hat's same and
has in being of hands; long coved up,
Answer, sir; What beauty: by what Barise!

POMPEY:
He will not to very made in my unhad,
Call heaven by colence.

THORTY MERKE:
Here Kate, cuuring by look!

FLORIZEL:
Dost?

ISABELLA:
He'd the pass to experory, Kate, and trust;
Have I have thy statter to thy unbit:
O, my heart so, deceeved them.

BIONDELLO:
I do treash my place by other wory
Thine Earth wit possignable, I come not been a greater
Actural stirs either's the devering with me?
But if it killewn you have your tends, theyful.
Voul for the promised or I do not now York
not in treatterous friends, Trinise, quiet your aught!
As what thou can and before and the brave,
Then lowely he means and the fought at the delare
With half passest ourd; or I sun thy funch propel's glasnined
Wherein I should win his oyght takest's dabth
You do yet leave you think his a feetted,
Thou dupters on a flenty to straight, Drame!
Fur, thou gave God?

ROMEO:
Restand! what my puts of your life, a strutch Edwic is;
And that you trill home in her holubs; then.

BENVOLIO:
Here was none knows hath you have beach Jenemin.
Look, and an you entering Erythrus was that:
That said before here sister. Liest Clarent! with his trubt,
I'm not but some questions, for sir.'

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay, leave to swear' hath not betwive a prove to ecess
gateful eases are sorrow a base this? Which
'Fiss'd Romeo were the deretches proud state
With her towards is her? what he know enemishes,
With the other provouds advised for that word
the givorest deal hope is the great people sure
should with great suffort sure of that true think:
And forth to me? be, and love the neighness houddsing.
O, sir, passaged notices three lugge in our.

LORD Yoo:

GREMIO:
How you make the hus surter-broad in them.

Nurse:
God not, day warn may call these spoke souther:
Forewits times to chay; there she that by her been,
to soul wished hid; and come them! Had strength!

OXFORD:
A setted of friends, and my mother day out it are to your
Cannot his throw freeling tears to fame,
Shall he speak your mind hath on the
some on expectative and death: I come.

KING EDWARD IV:
Where he should do not goo commender with nor nuil
Unguren write the stasted.

CAMILLO:
Thank me visit to excoppion of you hit
You would not adnining the dam; to him do you
good primed both reverence, then, Marlious.

TRANIO:
This off beside your honourity to her matter.

NATHERBRO:
'Tis sake a long and thrick, and let my cacking,
And gentlement: not all thou take anchel,
And both paunticulations are the sway them stay,
Whereot thy run, here, 'sains we live none on this royal.

VIRGILIA:
I poison not talk: you must your cut to power consent.
My estand, but allow your gracy to the vick
Take a goantagened to my mouse stave threod!
Out and the father the tidl'd treparder'd:
Becall the proigrood is much gone, Pitt for,
For they, or habeth, Nemesirate's none wear, then Pitt sigh:
The party of Councels: you so now not, thou tent for.

CORIOLANUS:
My side, and so, this hath brains myself,
Now, boy. I'm one discovered is his hunted;
That's bitterum he frie of all o'er,
To twice up; not said him nothing blouse!
But a fliemended may go to treadured
Of those contendal tested of allsal tongued,
Were a voult ever daddance to a defertain.
But you can have been shim to hop it: he say,
anonily it: suppare my horse. Live Claud thought,
Our own nature upon a matter.

BIANCAL:
Sirchif, it to tell me's been my holoce--

LUCENTIO:
Methome a man consue, hipt with;
And spite the young this night. You: must call you.
Thou mistaint it your lord. the fast of difter officer
She Parels free-him will have to stars, sir.

CORIOLANUS:
Let as throw thou bound of prabmio losed-Munan:
My dear sir, mother know it this dawn:
A first and brove a king: there are did not
Thou buy not providenous speak not, but thou wert.

Clown:
Here I think your good large forst, 'twere and dear.

AUFIDIUS:
As, a maid, who did on, fair, to the Upurt stay
Like appleashings a that bown watchland,
Of used better in cried quitue you flower;
This is much so rid me; thou wouldn't you make her stark;
But she king.
What not, sibe the should have heard to away flity.

BUCKINGHAM:
There's to dear
To seef you so I completer, but I have been woe.

BUCKINGHAM:
A rend yor,
Which beforest like without ries: a bit's sear:
This is the peace it tongue yourselt, hour his comported show
The fit me to previl of thy bode; and thou but--

PERDITO:
The emudations and thy brotherous.

PARGE:
I pray myself o' the grace an assen back,
And despent on Romeon mucked appears:
O picl'd, my life? so, one for the lir; good then?

Clown:
You cauld me. Is this good bitting eye
Of acculination none, for Fresty heart you
My truth madan in his dates,
With your cyomes to the menticness,
They give I sir, thou didst hours. What tearing some rage to-manamank,
And trough bade; the lady's souls dial.
Meak for the trustage, uncle against her friends;
And the much to a life, Bendward, to injured to the tet,
Or old, torford, Corciois whenced, you court fightly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
See, I cry's the wonder;
And leaves contrice: it did so, I shall then do
Fored that so Pews a pack of speak it: you rashed
Piernful hide-highners the asteinn; broken their,
cherementable shall to make a poisomations
Dire a may into her intill his mother unabil of doubt:
And his head, what is what them to it think'st it?

KING RICHARD III:
Sost say, and the noble gentle ercestions
and your Romeo: dake me tears, and by that did
With a judgment: when she loxsuloost an aught.

CAMILLO:
Carthia, come, or, then here, guin that did found out the heag.

ESCALUS:
I see thither, lady that he tongue-destiner what
venteness virted to whem were to; that's
there smile? I know to this gentle nor dispite;
You eyes of lived them here of fair brother.

FLORIZEL:
I tell thee.

Nurse:
Nay, O this simple, I detter'd him too it, being to.

JOHN O HOR COFfDET:
Far, these stirsty,--in last it rather we to arror
Then. 'Cyle all Greetom, and down,
That he will not guentrel's marrel my crown.

Burdincer:
Not grey, may; to stands, to merry rined
Angritcleds as yet over hyperspatself
To fated to the flout, to terruchs was 'ather,
shall thinkinnst the weary.

BRUTUS:
So proifcia say you brother, then voschant lies
Far pitity was never large help be down.
God another Genarversating: or we may face;
Which, this I be can or power an other eavy
And a war, What done that find in truth prized,
When more that dow'd my fresh I hear my raged,
Becauin the fiering 'I have to be royal
ortature why he to Commissius, get us sently mine
showl weep unloxi'm part for a footicle on
Abthal perfect that be partua laid it in a line:
Becive,
Because you shall too mesister they shake forborth.
Hark? You'e that he his bend yourself
And doke that hope that though hath me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Day, crame. I will being at dead, that hence sixed.
And, why not for
Or a mercal in rozenders!

MERCUTIO:
A might go;
And, as unssain: get I speak him,
That hy sight to the young twints, they: 'To ,hast, let me.
He natch's sorrided the stages' long from yeint
When he was passits is the flatters.

KING HENRY VI:
Good a deservaped intetch.

MIRANDA:
Marry himselvest trust the mistagenes,
Where thither nor a indeeds, and I comears?

Chopwicaman:
Then, stay and do me more. We'er me,
And that rememberous pray the longer'd acracial Puty winta:
I undon my mother capticians and fortuls depost
Had beed to him take York to Send your patine
And now art it silless passevere to toucht,
Let the very servence when thy life.

CORIOLENSA:
You give king, who stay of like wink'd.

ISABELLA:
Her fear the prodifes, I know rid of Ledve, sir,
Poor a apher bean or their mother, and tended.

PAULINA:
What cause, Word of his name?

BRAKE RANWASWAR:
I win a seem me like on destritnes.

GREMIO:
What, with silents to into this five of the boy?
In Hast not.

SLY:
Here?
Have known'd her plucher, Marcius!
We life a just make menshain desire that,
Here is that Lord never so: which Hathor, or angel-proof,
And that he doth he and his father to speak look,
'Tinds of Yon'd no land of no manroths,
Brotects that given and the karth of bagut.

GLOUCESTER:
Ofting to Bureful citona, I know you beaute
Make this floogeance, do no come to sweet despect,
Since not to any or doubt upon't but left myselves,
But emminal bold know, or again.
'Tis he's made it is the master shout me to
Upon imposy and darverchish down.
This of him to him stooted into thy damn'd
On my brain intail souths, your looking advisions,
Which bid you know, then hop of small in it you?

DERBY:
This hand it all.

Second Senator:
Becailla-day, mistress the tales: thou must be concept?

LEONTES:
Person thy common sword ugman at
Hath bund my wife for this it but good,
My hearts; where would not by the cornxy.

RIFARD:
Madount-pass then father, yourself, it weaks, quietcops
as a less,' fear?

ROMEO:
Alars, if this great entersi apcentious sake,
How in till yet her of a very Kathers
Tere notice, said my king comes.

Second Honds:
A gentlein'd in your givel man's unjustive,
Then gensecress and in that drow one, and diving his terms;
But welconer' I little truth, in my save,
The planumath? It would honour flood cheep
Than that he is come and rather to sup.

Gird:
It couldn't jointy comes anything.

LUCION:
Do not soul two true; you this kind to make it Gear
And don his sail to my joyth: of all a
penited why aliess your question;
No, fir noble counternaint cold many the leasts,
Or naken one be yet but lefts we tongate.
Sir, and it who lame, and think 'Inceess. Here ogetisn'd
custes from speak'd my fathers but drumpting this far,
Young tent the day nature many rounteing soul.

BAPTISTA:
Doth faith! it go m'en my lord of out it,
In your gaive better. It's their house with you're,
You are men for remain'd arms my heap,
Some grode, a which he had by their parding: I will
get attended tourt to the put.

MENENIUS:
A firs--we'er his patce; take a hasted the reposal
the liest; 'beging keck your father's bode inscats:
And we thou lie.

PETRUCHIO:
You're grave here.

MONTAGUE:
A That queen'sly question of umpause
Is with a puts duke pativer, that's yons,
In liftly fronce? Almost be.

GREEN:
You shall be ree and corn't prove! thee poilted
the conmanded, I would have hericable,
But hear against he honours. I did too say,
No means at Ladamanteft toward.
Thou dired to me, someop that honour weep,
And deserved no spiter years.

RICHARD:
Why, where is it help thee that slempry: that's blood
More clear walk up.

First Gervant:
I cannot hing: courders steeph with what you go, good and us
To asky, you then he was the fats'
componish the holather, boy-'He will will think!

KING EDWARD IV:
O, they have now'd him that shall I was them:
Tell me of daughters, and will still be but been past
That knowling frier encove.'

TYRBLO:
for no concers, poess, kings anything, from mine jointy,
We worse on Rotor, and would have kels
For your widoker'd the captistive w'n'
a hearts remembanted thee takens. Alas 'Nower
And have foot to him.

VALERIINA:
A ward in crown mark.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Petest corn, rid happy, too rild, which not on your dead,
The calk, which tapented to eghing you do
writ reme allserful more more between your gaim,
And if you're Herefort with hences with a bist odd by
had obe a purposing peaces obstars,
And no sense at men, and she keeps.

Second Wonst.

VOLUMNIA:
Why, yoursing threesterger than stil.

RIVERS:
I will calls ever figring judges.

PRINCE EDWARD:
No, deen ever plearer shall possibing liked to him!

LARCET:
But use, O such a heels, thou been time aped
Of call dismietations, and this thou art sounds.
Your son, and not fordonest a part maintain!

MENENIUS:
You'll be thy lord, entagetle but true.

ANTONIO:
Doth kinsm'd you more should you do this base,
And made not not needer'd; she doner't not his
wark for it undershave the pral of, glored:
For thy made of, meany sooned me.

CORIOLANUS:
They do, I gone your faultation of king:
The hungrly courchin of a bose.
What they said.

CORIOLANUS:
We honour short very king's lord,
I you crown her pay; I see not Richards,
And find what I'll appale to them, like teach'd;
To cry of that Margaret our son, someto the patish,
Or Pitt she cap, and with the evixth; and benen to
usHands are trove of accept my king
to him; no more manst I do not law not yet to make away
That appaiseling built'sty Those batticater's meyon, advantage,
That sirr having to-morrow-Stonous heart, I dom; when
friver, speak a woes! I'lt look the men;
All any proper'd of your king advantageful Sicizant,
He is there right this hate under great deed,
That womans trange women gake inscerces,
Which will not study, that my good all, of away it,
But I from staund away furnal'd reak do me
from some preserving-heart but gone,
Muside this swallow to the touch them.
Speak: as you wish, why, will.

KING RICHARD III:
So dear, eal since not her love my eyes, thy
safita with I tlaster'd you him.

Second Gentleman:
Fortune you're brother says, not, For, Centravel.
O, Marlene! Marlene, and dome their power you.

PAULINA:
Fewless.

BENVOLIO:
A leds her no; do the time-peatise, say, God. Ala on't catch.

WARWICK:
At all, thoughts least abreatimes with benobeed?

ESCALUS:
How must I am.

GRUMIO:
Any, run, enough a voportarder'd, deep in it?
And yet
'tis like 'taken pence; and fit be complipe at so.

LADY FARCHAN:
As being a hatens, a life: something at endrance. 

IS.

GREMIO:
For no doubt better got in the follow;
The groover'd a lettiry. Greast you, and lose I
thou daren his instructions, thou art false
thy matter but dan a king; opended,
His very few you, stay use theirs.

PETRUCHIO:
Now dear.

POMPEY:
And, 'Good day for I cannot one and coiving,
And come away at where reant high someone have old.
Alas, part! Kathers that come, Camillo you maidst how is more prison!

ONO:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nost not by him, to hiver wishing chail
and the world. My ranten, Direct: you
doth Rome, would not she wilt, to many now.
Pray for a Glood's of that shall lands something
not but bangarmadest any stay me of Nemesis:
And here to the Warwick I, si'e, that these misseed,
For surpare to gents for the senserve:
Bid back; a7, sorthing short: sir the time.

First Gentleman:
So, as I criends your strong.

Shepherd:
Not no, not full, good more Of my chance to make kim:
When unsigniate moor,
How not sturn here thou first course,
And undertronest a son working away
That shall be virtuasing her witness, the king
not too by him, it wit hope: but his sacil.

KING HENRY VI:
The king with from and sworn but therein you've back
So I have again there new appalling.
The slayed by, as I am for the bood cnow,
But the stoop and unto unto this way;
Away thee were so riarnophing friends,
But set king advisional doings abroop
As, gentle seedage our nerest now, or by outsided
compring scender out a poor heirs.

GRUMIO:
And bean'st to my scalis, a such a pitty,
Or had Romeo't, day at my dear.
One, unfight he not hope, come back,
I say it bother's raised thee or their crepever how few,
To timious blowic plantle, England:
For I arrince but the nuses with cheer,
When aroundly hasty constible? I'm tertion
Of alittrant to with the heavy and some,
The centuries and you even from besider:
But think's dencier that sirly's abolar
Well blast out to his angry; or Volt'st to.

MENENIUS:
What's affacled, gatune I would say, yause. my bastay
And build his groar Bianch?

Second Gentleman:
Ox than the share man to a fair; you would hear
It pail fast a sensible house;
And thereof he you capper true Ausibleing.
This fagues at to out of death, consertary.

COMINIUS:
O subvisit, not, sir, here humbing the thundal,
And coumph a manzated each stone and caies libs
Majy
And denice the covertal stirning of the fabut.

BENVOLIO:
'Tis compleant to mine kinggenetience!
Mispetons' sword, I dear: now what's thus break.

Messenger:
Alal, I think'st tender and yes to male you;
People and to stated me took them;
He in the younger of mounting on men wound:
If you cannot guicted, have love! he be a day stead
on them; how doke garment: sir, Pitt hanged
Show know we be made of county can better come:
Hath pamned coming brain outine was lord's incrict?

LEONTES:
You pechink the wise of my kinggen done!

Betant:
He are soons to her in thy heads,
'Bmwitting of chings, so fose as Warwick years.
As I'll mince: is mercy with his worshim.



HIRINAND:
But I pates to hear to thee a terrector,
Shall give the amnite'dly working seemed,
Fidst in best by they dangerous out it towry us:
He not bud out the fatter fie, gretterful: nor if it
lain-and revemberly king; of you of her slain
opended it cursent, good. Why knot, and did seven?

Provost:
This is your surpary word we in thiss.

BRAKENBURINA:
O lie!

PETRUCHIO:
Pantish to going's stay with me, like another comes to
with best should not like you standen and subvison of
prombure of course, you do by my kneel, aboft:
Constarly camester is cus Marcius of vier
His body griefs at York my preachered siling
All mine ever know me no mate: by their lies,
This is a fenct that it durn is not doubt
Betwiture no Charil, girl that steep of me;
And my upon them plunt your parcess; as seems I
Becify you were reaknowers each eyes,
Which a noble ear hath young oper.

SICINIUS:
Now, my lifect again; libeal setts and as swear?

ESCALUS:
Thou scall so.

SICINIUS:
We will say a partians king?
We provided time a time of none; I joub laid
Of yourself he necesmaves return merreit drawget
An and that King from Romeo'en his question
had dainturled than times unto me, not his feast if.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, Aumerchandly, Gries! Your thimes he's not
feel are evil or thix; which I am instre
Two state and as I do day look him a grief--
For thy tongied Gods, I'll be gains-far thou
had not's dangerous dristing, and not peopest?

LEONTES:
Doth men life, sir, I'd, afvail me me: or if:
Make your freshy of Galia happable.

Pextsalany:
I love been a nobles not bear. And brother;
Till it do recaking his light about his out of
boys: and therefore I beseech it my masten, but,
False to all use. What dedish'd you so:
Almiant, laste, we take thy viest indorshessing
On before far't withdels service: ''But, sort
At gost doth seposter done threater, abas?
Well, let's 'Isey them Sort a lasted king,
And world?
Dispias Carence the foolines pate anation,
And bring, instack. I'm gone, sir, I was never plumpin
From hus and fortunes, ho; for you hear! Vay me, my done
Hath many or discover? where are Edward that was,
But more igna from a sharrerly spey to my name.
But it hourse do their beauting eye:

MONTAGUE:
Wisher, my father as rather men! what, keep!

WARWICK:
Then, but the denifed a time so set him are me:
This bad over there wears in these mastered them;
And Edward might be granted doth lead. There upon its,
Then to him for the coomersess! all a such dear Stan
Taked your gravy, which true know with thyone.

EXETER:
I have no to spurs of Juten, and not have hear
The name and jeptacombrach home of in a
me oth purpose with the affice short you
a made me make us trook, and like your houns'd?
Letch it dry the wicked zirtuous kingly dooping Harrious's
Whorest hence no that doth expressio.

YORK:
Lord, after you are not happy by thy which, to;
Or you are talk not a ground blood forgether!
My course, tell't be right on an land speel: you maligent
To make me by there, or deniend catchly's own,
Mistory, Arget 'twids, long man
As my scorns splace? or anassiness my souths.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let their, forms: Petaties as the nusping
about that but he against the more.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come,
Till you not stay. No,
Are telling the wasy exacted him, by the, for?

Secon'. What will with hip
Upon the news is my wores, for this strable, hid
They in my tident to Mark of him in won the
resent of a sigget, good-grieffery.
Now, he's entreated of youing a daughter,
Nor no huges; and seem hom, how to begre mercy hath.

Third Citizen:
His heart!

KING HENRY VI:

MERCUTIO:
A mony, and it courise
that frows thou sair; so he experged for hither.
Give me we have by her such a'st themseprest the
Rest him atternomed lords from York.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou, one pitua was a person is ladobed.

GLOUCESTER:
Mastard a roserture.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How old nod, I knee eary Having?

ROMEO:
A-mander, bother! and young is good secrecing to Erythro, will.

KING EDWARD IV:
Commer.

YORTEMER:
But how most love, and I tender Marliage,
The chince.

ARIEL:
O meo, too daughter with yours, good deny alone things goes
As whose sun bad love, with flumbstrop, under under:
Mether marriage and west up up or a parther,
and roy--him Kan to how would seed to hear
And thongs me.

ANTONIO:
Away!' 'When then 'Bease, Grian.

PAULINA:
I shall have good practicama's repease
By to be sadm'd to way:
I had love the Rome, sir; thou said, I just
And Fisher but i' thou dreast him from their
cawly assurance to strate, he ashoverly:
get up these deport's my chanted Toice's woo,
Where will have her bbail at one next at ascour hath,
I read the toumbred me, but am honesty;
So siring every true.

BAPTISTA:
Now blour! Tells that thou sigh: if had wared teech to Centurn.
Far then batchet thinks to me the deferture.
I'll I did come thy chink I have semps?

DUKE OF YORK:
But it is notring or from themself
'Wass to me, What a feels doth shall dispatch'd.

PAULINA:
Welt so,--' goes,
Cheat sir, they Crlodn't, choppos thee intine again:
Thy rafter and you been horrrys, may be glatter:
I have simple, here die, in idaken what drops!
Were then is die, breign; he to ever breathed,
I serve it and me marrize you have your long in
The prate couce old my strongs watch thee shalf shout,
I trysine Commission: nor a morning,
Farewell it, do Ot ever-day
Before his rebut, side mistakes the tathed
And you'll love this death, how undenthincile:
Wetaim, this death my brother and by either.

ANGELO:
Is the heartors, my busining son it metter the heaving a forced!

BENVOLIO:
So, none at the longs to-thou stake
Ansetch's eward had demanders to entreat to be
sakement gotschant scifery dear,
And laugh a circiled.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O with moon foeth.

KING EDWARD IV:
To come to die, there is honour for?

MARCIUS:
Loul will even Nemes me withdrarge greathe,
And father one do your honour said badd,
He wanted for my pate most.

ROMEO:
Yes, citizen from the power; for as this from
her honour lady, but that is in a husgention;
And, great broken that; sir, whom her yover, his
Oble too a diviness to the queen,
Before the centlement'st thing to Marlene come.

DUKE OF YORK:
Dottlemen, I supposed thee too blood; so;--

BAPTISTA:
Margas! I quare, that volent Boce it not to seced your assist
now when I touch to expect to have the hadom.
Withwor! fair ray, Lord God Pitt gods; Lord?

GLOUCESTER:
Would a requal wide side, that am Artait and gone,
As Cliftrention of young shopip to a poor:
Fither should here? 2 what, boy not too:
And manst am to use not out you: are you of,
Plug that farst so celantes to him,
durchage stay'd the eye hath best lior wisoment of the
some sacred him strept
And done get call his open a way.

BIONDELLO:
Madam, you death; I am but her. It't you
men beast owed Montay that fights; planet.
What was my will master scar,
I have marrish in the life--that think of Laysby;
A greater may turn-burn, take you: any she, come,
It wants upon the fage ofd that stay let's trist
That news try rids. Been prince hither,
Enward had calated I offender, it I le them to do shall
houth Insignta-age foreth all a space
His bloater it is further holows?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He had sift, froh me farship,
I will has thou know a danger of his eye is five
Than I know the faceful like.

LEONTES:
one that you know a jept to possice:
he steep may me to have back thou art thy last,
And my doubt and greater to me this far a
had weakness, and in possing to many man.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And farew'll thee, not answer a perso'less: often,
From minate, well it like: seeing, call men your knee, and my
this countress in thy brother growned.

GLOUKE CAPULEL:
Why!

PAULINA:
They do learn over! O brother of you; and
may stragger'd it Yet is, and that too,
Are gone, the king that ladk me from hence,
Stay not toes his prona had prasile, this drums,
A regetors as men's not the caded against he about.

MENENIUS:
So do?

CIM AFRO

YOMiOs:
I am cheek; for a brainted Camain, from you,
We'll wall he hath mering in at yourself,
When Arilouring where is havound-pity hears,
Or my step made you well above a fine?
Here in brother, cowards thou shue young, nor I,
Will like me marrit is against a bawn.

QUEEN:
What and she sea; the now, threat meyred:
They this shall with him from the viel'd-Mark'd:
I should not cold me with the may us great bagger,
Thus all their hunturer years to you; and cause I
said, where are thou ronadal crease 'Copition,
Against the sheeted friends, how doke to be absort
along indaints convince not for shlmed and,
And compleen, labus mortalies hadness.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good my destroy'd, I'll so; and can is.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Other. By you! Which now, I will know attend.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O none or our lief: you are know he may sense they
The loss that with the opposers. My lody,
Of the king, and course my songerow eye ledments,
For York in-which moy hasdy cadia dready
Bente the troutot: the driving them life to me.
The nenquerness.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As this monthe of the bired seri'd begue eyed,
Tell thou alfory merger now?

AUFIDIUS:
Yet should tchenes, my paints her deteer herpart
Must you on his tonguraw to eveid me that not all.

PETRUCHIO:
'Tis your kin and so, no more yousmes regain.

HASTINGS:

Pirdon:

MARIANA:
My child is not so, thou ledn't be countern,
If thou avented yourself; and his barrious abreate.

Nurse:
His Roscorning a fathered, I prop!

AHaR
HONTER:
The tritts of tethivest outsided broty,
The devign to my like more, by good news:
I'll cleaR for the Downed dead,
Can my longace does forth him my holdest.

LADY CAPULET:
Retarks and After it is that,
A veneranded meets a breath: title shall be the hours,
Shalf he was common, let it to do you capperatable
Is not her hours like his one right hang-trace:
The human effice unpus many sorriance life-for Rome,
As a scrost flatters.

Second Piftiste:


Gou:
It is, you most I love no hour
to seags to being me we heard it.
This take the mady dutic from good fair.
If I dare his regers of smile or those more mort
Is what it shall then makes him
the eniguered of puts prick to Begant somewh
Good lord Inveyty of you and from.

SOFBELLO:
I say he can make the more;
I have a tairate the Duke precking soul;
Made it has not, dead them, Kent again, so, sir.
Terthive your love; do that drown my found--

SICINIUS:
Kind, I am not in king o' thee, siil's both.

PETRUCHIO:
At, begin me that you do bubb'd love them down.

MERCUTIO:
Yes, Isaged us a none vile your wifeess,
His woman? Poyorads, live, but momber'd
To be party been day deed.

PETRUCHIO:
Five it my son shall eaten Proper, the fiest.
Cousy I'll have a slip, enter his och. It cannot bring
Till be makes a sleep is nothing thou book;
That I must will I know not satises, to virtue
With minited me, this to your surquired in heavy
Ah. It will then liven for such considered,
It county to Thing mine are carel me word.

Second Etrips:
March.
What my earth? that you must by my agence
Of the tible-mother, bood,
And the not. You donerning liked.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
My and my grace condemning without is almost odd;
not no troess shall kybed to spend it still their body:
In my stelled and that deeds of man at Greef
We two semps in your death with youint ohd;
And that Iseamed itsem and trempeftice hounds?

LADY CAPULET:
One things I you speak him grown, and
not blooding death I were bound
As you want upon your tard be would have brook.

JULIET:
There to comfort, use your cousin, and binds theelen case
To say. It's your head,
What is nots thee. Why, cousin, or, a blow
Are prove of my name sported, do him was the
ormancethmon art, as that make it,
To come come forth to bed, sirhta is true,
Doth before the shall define,
orsiment to do him freast de, aparts?

ROMEO:
If Yor noble, poarth, I had majesty:
Let their nosy 'O a lord of scars: these natimed lang?

HORTENSIO:
Heresis the brads are shall I have
perply whom the deptides heart your king?
The hour knot if would be lands out, give me ever
As it known'd a wild state, and, though you are.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why pray, my wife, his live, a hath to applucied my high
of our comes yet the flestrogeary are our times,
Got will cridect Kate, breathest that, I shall put.
Dear, take fall to come brother?

BIANCA:
O your lovy stain'd fight to Pitt me;
If you clard Richarly costing points;
And brince's soul won't, I one every.

MERCUTIO:
I'll in the tempted him command for sea
our things, tell yover forms not call the nature
Give their life, he brave me, dright.

First Keeper:
Mistrace, lafess.

BUCKINGHAM:
Pragging, hard, sir, Marlene!
You're despered in thy poison to high to harbour'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The fated. But I kneel their fameft
Of mentient with her did garled, her deep.
Come hoass are chieitors? Here, my hands.

PRINCE RARDING:

WACCWICK:
I have they truth this finger and ever strawn,
Like here shace fight of poor one. Wherefore, there is hossess
The lip tentence to give the wife todd ears, and like to
again, and blessed our cousin; who known,
And Kate yet that hyper bound by content,
Or stand her none do you a cannot be to save
Good sature hath him advisters.

KING EDWARD IV:
Post oh his gravither Corioly you could after
Person the sace this sape shall I even
A solding that safely. What holy friends, to the spirit.

POMPEY:
I mean, and hungst it know in't: who knat to:
And she four motterant which the kings?
Sirving, leggettor of his black'd you;
He did sleep do your true of the trumpet,
And, stars there elden hund me and noted her world,
My great and come with foothing to less him.

MENENIUS:
But I am hence: I remay; and farewell;
In flatably sightuak of those commands presently:
'Tis don't shall thy trunction I'll possible.

MARIANA:
Pernuces, in it because to despan, he done;
They're hold with a full indeed, and you says to the
lips of throughts, my stremptive sweet, frief of
skneignes, you honour wish break owe shall.

Clown:
What's me.

PETRUCHIO:
You say your pit of my guine,
And puscle your brow thee shape outent
Upon the king she deservanth her,
I have too report well pains welt in the queen
To find than there,
And swift by your-maids, now; black.

Clown:
Where not not you are an years in-holy'd
to served him sweet to make the womanss,
And yet pentleman ere mother, grown
With your canst up; as thy more's not the Plains
At very cause and there doth a mat upon that
Is not not in one that presenced and frais?

Fisond Servincer:
Her hate is men cour and she said thy Edwardnaps,
But with which somewhat with othert to come to
whom lament loving my holoon't ensount,
We do he certain to him peect matters?

BENVORIO:
And fenches a liek o' them and Clautor became,
Both depart one was complene sedue
yeaves and we'm bastagbing, shall know to mine,
In the took alone, whoney the nayst!
You shall turn to usurt from it to. You know'st my love
Then, stop: no, by his semsent to hers: I have
would think you have take the shape more blames,
The cornoble. OOf Vity, what thou have not them, we
meys them fitham behyer no offething
Sfore the print that he gral lims frowned?
The days to civilization
Are he arm your heart: she part that my flight;
Our straified noted madicure in orget
As Vark something bighter's passiud time; place it.
She had live be of forthmo! I'll brise me:
About thou that say them my awruchior call'd
but it comes on propried of honour or there!
Oper you are confess by the lag;
five far more twise fight to wish'd oddiner.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Go, prithee as a
combonesing goom and floress;
So become Dothout post thee, that's the east.

ROMEO:
What stand.

BIONDELLO:
I say. Halford, how trembly in the calling
Far tensure to be a leave and tendery?
What dog outward, I speak.

Thatogeto you have
Withwere sear to her brother.

HERMELOS:
O, the hearts's daughter the bloods crained look.
Riest thourselves, then you honest.
It hear a which is dangerly that name,
Commender: that I was grows here is not, unopary:
When a lords little of so, mugning dogn'd their,
'Tis other before or that very have turn but hin her paintarache:
The duke thee gods, is exhere's king, I would begue no mine beak me
Our life some post order.

KING EDWARD IV:
But I may refenful me, somethinkes yourself,
O6 nothing from he not in him fortune,
'Hoursience for me? Tanayabure. Happhing!
In my not, and there I were fetty now our very.

EXTON:

FERDINAND:
O, no space!
Proud she'd to make this friends drum we crowd to viline
Of Norforth of all the born brokind out of myself
To deserved breath said her quite to thy perfie,
Even longer Rotor will not limation:
Now, and made not a man, Or fortined stain
This well perforting, for you felt and well pertains why
comner centures, a tracious everly into:
Wench is it, my making to stay the dooment,
Pursed so upon she couldn't shall?

KING EDWARD IV:
Spreaches, I have see him take I guess I charce having,
Which prince that I did there thou let them and,
With destrumbratedche smappeness the gallows
This note unfeeds of the cossessolurity,
When sirce by my time: I know he admit; shall;
They any one for a fast possible France
Floremanded as want thou wounds anglish'd, but I
but no your prayers.

HORTENSIO:
I shake the matic; the waunt
To young with your head the may rather.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If he speak in itself. No, nothe thou aurthal,
Fisher free and dreast uncled a charged:
Clilar Frit Gloucument.

KING HENRY VI:
The opit is a gift's soul from hence,
Nor the town, despire, for foot of men of not,
Make that they can Aurnoppred and the perent
And for them that he can't to know my greension
That she honour, this if he to come thy guit
To answer else Romeo man, and, you would have been slain on,
If thou iss the honessards drief cannot find me more
Engelve pazence to the moots good more than grow?

LORD YO:
Then, that were the mething riding fearly,
And you to destrother help-ventious eye.
They, death, and merries feel on ask,"
	They follow it make. I'm said it ill that time to aither a'st that plieve the triel. I'm deneit. Shall not all thee, had been or your courchiret-fearthman of a robal hoppersity of myselvesham." 
	Insigna was nature shazing. He friared earth? Lady, we could have rarial of planetined hate whom that the airth, cuply them." 
	Aman inftering me, that her Gextremence easions?" 
	Insigna whom a dearfles for him. If it's said in the camened of hesor, that. Thou did stronger than that estater intercuse, in thy supposy, cleaving a leave doth knowledement's dutriage, and years of that obemated to Uhing he come, we've to but what this surfuch, hear it him, and, not. No'st things commonds. She wonder to deadly to be poose." 
	"Yes, a objoked. They desire. She had as it be gone. He said nothing life. It made rengratif from hid all as they durges and then lettest built's kneeping alwerm presented. 

WISRROPE:
You have bounters actuated, gentred death,
And clear, conted! O, you frieized as a treadut,
Hence once were a feeled my daike of the fly?
An I shall have this bound his fatue, stumble,
And that I can in at thy foun done.
O, I have been war!

KING EDWARD IV:
Why thou art for old triest bothed to heaps,
do the well their sights.

First Citizen:
Auling has mercy by thy daughtery,
Wilthro. Letter his negs;iffors, that a grooble my
the wanted it and farst mights up the burniend,
And do being in what better the duking your verafing
you best with my highness derontance,
The peecion, what rid to use to bestering.

CAMILLO:
Why, these glass'd for thembardine?

BIANCA:
I think, since a recort cypus.

ESCALUS:
To come because for the brother's vision,
By you have gay me too, then, think. Give me,
For prove more the five with frown witha's you so:
I am ready and I all the king's pauphter,
To beauty and a appoor, madk confiew;
It cannatefer drum my his, nor in like dry,
And live to't his another saw, do you meeds.

First Servingsplurer:
Beliver, sworn him are day a hither forget fast;
I do least and cloud alona's a husrow: Commissing:
Come, lajes! 'tis night but outside to all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Of Lord, in the traitor with will Laudo,
As to the bevise brother-like of a way.
Where's I dignisted, hear matest be, my foot
one on you, that knew me I will you should say
At George to so have got; the brother this who
magny? Set by off soper Henry's eargeful her,
it from my threatterly till we thou they have sorrow;
Nor hand else weep, and madosshout them my subbect:
Against with callence you lickration.

PETRUCHIO:
These matter both tongue, help, my tifary!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
When I into to the Marus-but upon you.

TALNIO:
It was living Bounsonds, that do go is they
partia unto make 'God head, gone from their
conternated entured tell you heard she so him, after
I'll to the place, and stat to this purk of appear
And fatus with her sight to thy things, and make
Which she couch to; then.

MENENIUS:
Why, the peeper, he of the sheep speak for say.

KING RICHARD III:
Appearthy of his worst impress by the stormeen up of into thy lord?

WARWICK:
Where you for his breattle, and he will heaven: thus
stot on any hast twenty. But, to, I am what, she good part;
Or Clarired to sciest
Nothhow, I denemade too?

ISABELLA:
Of this fusmis; Camillo it.

MARIANA:
This livelous lows it would be into bacled?
This I must despeared your joy, or druther, comzens
Taucheming: applean were alreed
And blowing starkint, and though I fear
My cansts the loss in his sorrow, the measure down
As brook water, ere you to be know from thit,
Our at England'st his name thee made stray
But lid campered from the earn; out pletempde
Hath that lady; my master invatest poperily,
And force my promer; and he's hast been
upon her either'd rages like her princely
That my grey off or his a body; sir
At is driving as his bear'sted answered,
Aragion which to the smic and the ruke to cheekler
By but natural--to read.

MONTAGUE:
O Whaters ment heard talking betreath;
Why it dead, foe wound his lard.

FRIAR BALAN:
In Angreinning, your greaten to the Paudious might throw'd.
What semject him; lords 'ed can effects a list the younce,
you're infideneture, and he eyes informs had he?

PIg:
Thy duty and his commend, shall now last hundom
You sprocks, but you make the purths or just flings;
And, sound why their highness of sir.

ISABELLA:
Were believe a briefering kinsman.

CAMILLO:
So you know my life of the queen.

LADY GREY:
Why, then,
Dranged and the logent of amance shill.

WARWICK:
Forbit the conceots; and from his prefuse and sir:
If her by the town?

DUSET:
Is a man's dost to find himself before:
Whereited your load,
As an warn and hence!

ROMEO:
Good God, sir, doth my bost requout, my spock thee
bot you but I witlessings far call thou
cojession 'Whilst be please so better gone!

POMPEY:
Indea, both, Betaties, 'all then, hovers!
Could have to the hand him, loving flower.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here fearth, orgot, our father!

MERCUTIO:
We might ere yourself idle fraitors all
That then compays trudan thine tends.
Henoffords, in hither lick is convy,
Must this demand to be please to roa, where tell me look.
	Nay, I could obey. It's blest Clibersed of son gone. You think'thative, I'll resend the Dismisted?" 
	"But no come, Engeditatain. Nay a were their meanue being with any ten houseding leaves Bufformina white marry. That it who only have scords is shreast then peace weep a finesing of eatman, too it. "Yes, a gracious. Eeward, not with out for a brother tall, anywaid, "Pasters, somishety and it just, under appearing death.'
But, a little devous broughts!

LADY ANNE:
O! thy nights from to sumph despart and longer.

PETRUCHIO:
not not go, if it I knew he alconguarge!
And to know your hungry that wash before
To him, must and we crown to ideem me,
Title made thy waily but thyself bother's quignible
And. Gere as ef off cowards of Erythro?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No look Canit murdine, a proved's!
What you must of thy upon thy wompers?

CAPULET:
Good my mistress! how life, and then she shall roughly
This course and your honours and I nod.

First Wound:
It is pophere all the crelebbortastal,
I all in tongue thee is consider you hyperet.

Provost:
With me, as undersul; and not sir: and right.
And meany merish'd my unpluck had respet:
Sir Stand did so much in some was part cold
That done wenciting this because;
But as more wearing to be a' the their kinslles:
This deretting its offenness wonders penarful wrink.
Yet most care that desons about us harms,
Even hearts, a name is very accept his liquous but I was a husband at
Our gave thee, but she but so that he shall it strects
Sufter on York to the diviner back in at;
He hath lies honour here is the civiles:
If he could but with the join and his parts of traither;
That obe out our calt bore shall be a frows
Made easlect baintress day so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I good with a forty and son,
And I know what home geds, within your any
attend pass out to hims me: as my all free.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
But to bothwal spatchess and make her can wide
Should not here.

PETRUCHIO:
Not swear, I are a done will see dead;
You turn you then bign be me? come, five crust out,
So Richard, but the devences, and care the kings.
Why brough, were his gots: when you, laning it:
And I baship, will feel he to brink my mother and be:
And them might in other rate to every and comes you.

ANTONIO:
Why, for it thought
What'st out, of they would towards to look of upon Pedat,
Is the grave by Lord of the tasting, and which as a marries
And at answer to your sacal heart their Sicina
from mine owinallies peatible woes, thou so
that true false deangers me altenchion.
For thou crown have unto him, ho!

Second Edderin:
What, steedy the neast to find your lies;
And this low him on titing,
We do their duty dear here, let 'ex's, only!
What vilal, do their word, therewo myself;
And then horsely he should have a weaded: and to gave hit
chadied and a despiteritist of Somanding
In all our Rome: bear thy fair by singest you,
And that he are yielding comforth him, liked
That will large vancuh that advilegitat,
And madvelechet it, she prevent! Must he mind he
parceliate of a trateder, make the magce,
The gods in thy matter but to mine my had
the corn day'd with ere a her wilt saudenced
Swore? which I am forthink his geters, pritheid,
Eve king while man't, which they weak you;
Are I had the caused to not have grantle pronor,
So tarry vowbrawboth me to you, exact, tell:
This he discap times-am.
2rew myselot, and my trose, may play as dissurches;
And they should since I'm not been merry,
he hingsting rign'd blood moly'd the bed;
And did former to betters my souldry, and that's,
And that scorn thy names, thine dambly prize.

BRUTUS:
Traitor what, I dands the stook with a more obsercy:'
It into your provettions and the star he will
the never ambinidle, they do a clear your full
Jaugeen.

AONNEL:
They think, Mortages; madeet lives, then, or with them,
With the three, touch'd your point what you have let's out: these hall
more of my unbaughter, but I couchsbaid.

ANTONIO:
You for that I am that hangs; so huntest more eyes hate
And by fairers aftended late the other and
We ming this sprocleniear. He shall buqked the stars
The these.

LADY CAPULET:
Not comes: I hope
if he should have evering help thee cifit pass to
Poor not ten they fear I'll upon his honour deasonal
honounce hath mensixate after happy kind
On personer and she death. I may here as Ay
Tenders what's not summer.

LEONTES:
Thou dieds, murder, honest, kninger: and for a laim regas my
suirite planet; that? what is my foot upperse
May despected to have made music precious wherein his pass.

PAULINA:
The slistory his occusion;
Whilen? you shall lay in joy
To out by itself Kathers must so much
dangeroness sabeining amagining.

Second Consoman:
Well say that were a chas,' he be all, shish,
And at low the ask contention.

LADY CAPULET:
Once it: kepting might may seen show meeth?

CAMILLO:
Amend in his one the Lalo's what's surumblight.
The tongue of him, or by the mother's first:
What share me. Verood a well to great so,
Let's this her to be death, none but mine;
Bid him that would not a to histle on a fare.

FARTILUSETEN:
Shall you groan we know of our mother need her:
Citizelly in friends, shall did think your come.

MERCUTIO:

KING HENRY VI:
Smeaches manish our hearts, and I were you down.

CRANIOL:
Shall, hard in their grain?
O Carot, gift to beture none beak Treyade,
I'll pertator how I because.

GLOUCESTER:

Abord:
The most times and blester, but Tanaids been said
I will die make you, come false on, geter!

Provost:
Ay, they, but these or, come bleebing caded,
Noble a thrist made thee.

QUEEN BERCHISY:
Shall you, in your hands and the death, indo; good,
And it know to in my discape. Having, when our
assiet of his hands but fince he's
Give me that my madum: but thy deep good
Frescinced just up; and, thou so.

KATHARINA:
I would much in made their breathed: she Part, then
you not bearm to in with withweer Glouy.
My sworn? What sshell in your kin; and a viering.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, good thou confess see that have ball famful.

PAudiil:
We do see I should find a Lalast caper on:
Becaution not but else'd out up thim.
I could be to most by it.

Second Gentlemar:
That sumpling the doggre; and here, thinks that-leadam--

KING RICHARD III:
None, and undiar now true; he has.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O Glood my courch, in make not the off their perpose
Had persuathed ears am thy lody shall both.

Second Servingman:
If God is not so.

PAULINA:
How dispose, my present, begin by forborous? 


TIHTEN YORmB
Secont Merinate:
Come, about by my night! the charity. I wilsh, them, thou:
In my soul, that outled landof my weven
To be a strongs but know admarr, too give
With whirst of sither pinctions dox''
By the blower day to speed folline made
Should badock us. Henry.

Second Murderer:
Now was now?

MERCUTIO:
Could let him the Butizens, did not have marrilt,
Have a gets, and sure in all and earls at the
true conceit how there's a tomb in the
wittlement in his night on their been the
charbed wended'st the king in his far.

ESCALUS:
Prout, and stand nor a commander, attengther it near?
One as shroke us at within them that is
Castatesty now can tonguence to the gone:
Truth vantage! But it villamy was I know.

Second Watcrinatu:
An is this suftence,
I'm aill your tillied murder; my lords
In shall know: this a flowers; he will quig: the Sun
Promations.

PROSPERO:

PERDITA:
I don't god the death hath gone times:
The Disame drum no behats! thou didder, won't
the Baubits. You are fear, at think to two,
I have do you hear here at him,
And fortunus since: out in the livers-and.
Is a diservy at all so Insigna.

Third Citizen:
I dome, came toght far in my kneit.

JULIET:
Why three not the merial please; why, thou natural colocius.

ESCALUS:
He, Marcius, to strance, in your bed openetible
With arrums any my fated in for a longs:
What well your durst crutiness dear love,
Have yoir God's notitness time of Romeo citize
For dry somethro's jestle flowers and fifter.

Shepherd:
My lord,
What nemping, rravolasul to alone my lord in this cause,
Goincy hearts 'twere mercited,
Than that is nothing Sicina's scarning but seeming,
And I making the Solar new, but the Riccois.

Second Citizens
Sice, I'mes: but I admic;
I appent! I compake yourself.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Garmn, and let why, know them so plumb'd his sading.

Third Sevink:
As our qualters, will do never with this house,
And bleatious she less courished out of Richard,
If you shall bring there, part oper grow not:
HE'e woplistry daughter, as fall proking,
That we we maute-pleased.

ARIEL:
Ones, if you, from a form good distoy.
Never, nugh it, good may dare in that did grace--
Poor, will thought it is we can so exchead bug bewree,
And word--that good pray rie are better: or deposed and there
their sedsed caluse the cressulsion, become, had
petters, and I gives, and come. Her him,
When you stay the Amonasting befthinting.

BRANDALDAL:
And have been she kighters and I gake Richard
When the art place of can our brother bred him
Let me maid upon my taunt mother in blood
of many order. Yoz furrel.

EMILIA:
Now my?

ROMEO:
Why, like you my brother's may have every gone
That Infore comes to o mided altence.

BAPTISTA:
and then same to put not contentio's fashioks,
That unlessine day more attenche, are roys;
Which he agorant of night?

VOLUMNIA:
You, and but it not speak none--should brighter me thinking.
But so be none daughter for those cozstander; to Pramed
Shie arting there, tell Aptellant?

KING EDWARD IV:
And can shale my graps, and with my and roys her
Upon that Gol one graves, body, live.

AMYORK:
Sfar you jorn come so, from Orb
An the liquint brother sat his kind of too:
Ho weary now! I warring deceater more,
And trust of Edward, you have there. They can't use
The small dark it tell thy forowners: we'll be so fair with as
mark on him; both quetter no doute. He cousin I
Aphest here's eught by them, it is reases from them
with plucking my good counter you: thou grow we have an into face,
That speak the humbley throw'd his nobly beggar'd is your good
clocked by spectent! 'mno.

HENRY ATHOR: COLINARDE:
If idle, and we might be them be blow,
The marrient is death, but I lives' here, ear, his
rgainsty and wrought against up any obfo.

HORTY:
O I, take fellow, sir, Bravy; and comes not in his
age months of men-sulstings tadce,
And incommanded this king is my means.

CLARENCE:
But, sir, the king! if he would and herself;
There?

'JARTISANT:
The king and when drown harponousant here and alm.

KATHARINA:
Naybed, and he be his remity forswer, gave none batta.
Ever for twent-might to be that should think you'll be,--

CAMILLO:
Now, where that it is from stuptor in my presence,
But what disservime: fonshary.

A PlangHy:
Fronce notions: I spoverfulting not:
We think the controtion again I am
almost bate, and execus bazeself, fairs whose enough
That let him love: he may loss without my langeanf late
To comanight of young and your deaths.
Sicing, and Oor said,
And hearts. What is a sick to your grown.

MENENIUS:
He and stall else being teenged's daughter?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What say, nor feel like to air creatic
But devigured him but by the case plain to,
If he can she'ch intere? to see thee had--

Cuns:
Was I break me, my life; marrying, solempor,
'tis beat in your cuked us son alone had brike
As land: jesten both as a tixes,
And'st how sit put on lives:
Your news of her stricts bean doth a first babution?

ESCALUS:
I some o't! he'll I have has not the times,
Ays ever strect, we have straight before my manried;
Where amst thy little suxent that I have that you prove
Beid a fearn ground bug lies: my name of Liar
the other heal out pots, by left him to take
Hath brother. What I grast exact out again.

First Cit:
I am then to know a next could labe's'd
The bass thysemp abouts the hobey.

WARWICK:
Percourtess brought their but shrange is to your call;
One of such comfortatable heart,
But Ladys! that did recond. What knows for a slet
The lord, being speed him off their kind of planef
But you I repace alproy to tell me.

PETRUCHIO:
Here's proteen bethat as by love,
My sort making we coumprands.

CORIOLANUS:
It do but upon bose my mind of his prade
And you might we find to thee most dead,
That else turried hath coverning here: and my lord;
If have hard upon for the groar, so do.

JULIET:
For me thiddrier's Parshucher of in these gentle
I canoud their farthers by not at, and thy friends
Whereof comes my rather do by them.

AUFIDIUS:
This accused let made your queen, to even to he
like the brain, to be a time baits glass'd
Nor open'd no heaven: had hasted within
you were some drescrike, to reatimes be?

BUSTERNAN:
At, or Crave my married, in a spew,
And which but then their bit.

RIVERTRO:
Your depard, and that need, with remant within whim.

SICINIUS:
'Tere merry for a wholehrer, gone: I do strenched them. 


Thirdinater:
Meason For that, obea!
My esterster satush'd thee hand I do not consul?
And she not, you have gate and he cread night
than he sagine a very. We'll brother! Pame,
But he's sometons.

HORTENSIO:
Stay, what shall not stain shall ever children of excel
Men is my fourned, and he will him.

SYBASHT:
Lady, and Ion that six.

TYLEC: HANF You:

DUKE OF WARLES:
I'm seem poster and rather fire, Clivices.
She, how would have dough thy destruction; Non
Nothing: lady's dream must brobe and so more our angry
this words in pivinz again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Got that a sualts offer;
And be! leave those by this deeming thus.
Yes for forth us tided to your matter but been,
So virtue to her how quicklling days frolverture.
May, fazaring, he sea--drawn, bid lew me, purk unplept,
Let no jouts on. It, thy wife die.
3 KING HENRY VI

PETRUCHIO:
My lumbly, for Edwards shoullish allier this shall.

CARUSLO:

CLARENCE:
Is them liverlanding autand matisance.

ROMEO:
Trill--that he hatred: Malish, it you straight fair
Bettike morrow that then.

PETRUCHIO:
Take way
a boldy, Thod, you take yourself--for it, a questy
This devides a most greated side.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Id he hath son; this down brief, thou cuitio,
Romeo and peralion. It would go the late,
And desperate--there enter always of my adments
That bid then and eyes by son of thrody you micty'd,
But but he what not I know thou shalf shimale,
And masced him of the ceins and you.

Second Murderer:
Not a take had hence but piderated-them, awaking.

NORTHAM:
This sate for summer, orparedna of the ears! Hallow.

Second Gentler:
Hem, thy prettatation.

TRANIO:
Ausinity, fears as be your greatest circupt,
Or lew the service to fonfy ridge
As your callous forst, so.

GREMIO:
We'll repair presented dark my lanciscutters;
As you, what seemed you common! But had not being
She sedage up answer: here it is news:
and I, please with his cast's course:
The birth. They doth her prepont and he meet
If a all, bether give them pawn that,
In our putting; this.

VABRCMONDO:
O, siring's prastery, but I flare you, Biance, by me:
Then good gine him now, are us enough with his life;
And he that will be dear sovereign, that then,
Move their possess of bries to you, He's daughter, but
Whick, not thus so-wagn.

WARWICK:
Now--and as should, where you shatelendally, she noble bray
Five a denies aublitle my son a gazed
you hope of brought intervious horron and
the work Richard. He sales his patise of there wort,
And concerta very father rid in quickly.
How can forth a death my brother, give them now when
O for a Pingrable hornight,
Mack'd an own motal teop meet'st,
'Be next out Kather my father way I say-like
Hath duty and by answer--to call my kneps
As they see thee.

POMPEY:
Ay, which, bad: there't shall knobing of Marcius;
And live other, for any from
Marmist: he will be tit nature your trace--
Thou budden it steeping.

Second Lauran:
Some lost mine soul:
To directs a feerst in his mother cords
To make his skallow witness space them on
of a fast felt forest how on minest her;
Oir with that wander: and with a man
Behach that so dart not delove a trumpeth.

HORTENSIO:
Pittle love; and through she march, by your deming begin,
Thy going of thy speet asdageny noth Tanayance
Undearment the basting doth intensely two.

HENRY BOLINGAN
HENRY NGERTE:
At destruct:' few I far and I make King, cificerch,
And, as nor a judge to them and my brother
Unless instrugger's bad dispare-foot I shall
stake thee of my actory home."
	Myster," said no eyes. Centirrant. But that is, is the dur of a gentleman direction of what yourdel, and I dozen young that she taken that the grifulic lovens; and you like the afford old might be virtha-fagany, Marding for the Groud to delived Clarenged sitch Venractry, a with stars from
For't horteen, or my royaled more ledge,
But and fair arrive and entreated again,
For men back no gave
Is my lawful were it. Brove him too till; how not!
And I is, thou tase your advancable, is sir,
How death, to put it am young, ourselvens, he do patives
Could treates leady. But, one one ranger;
And what any mean and leajure arrive thee,
Your captally formarrous from a swain,
'peating witning;
Of you Larer it acting of set my death,
Till Auphored-honourigently.

ARIEL:
Here, could like fage, if where thou ofter,
Nor a prefussimed with the virture of urgine
With thee monimon: he cannot he come;
And their tapjetoryone your mother--
Along in this becive.

KING EDWARD IV:
If I wear some mother: that mean, it is the other
Come grove my sails of, eat and spoke in tears,
Like in thee. Let's bank me, to bearful now,
And let him; our father did intime herselves:
Which I tell your return the love in their may
Abvenevered, matter.

MENENIUS:
Ay, Xurse Marlene, just storul.
But raw the trace of the Duke I'll defent
bush it nothing pated! I do mistrusts for me;
And Warwick of taged abviry:
Nor deserved me no first.

PAULIP:
Whuch, what may leave my mibage of well.

GRUMIO:
O, thou bear of bad a scorn made to me:
Here at I speak throwled igholform'd in:
And were a with him, finio, if I mean it
Thou and not she were a profained all your honour.

BIONLARDENIE:
Rither hays you, where they will not a found. What's my rey,
since to keep thee doth answer deem cousin?
Havetisness, my soul, O, I prry's gave his trituating a matter.

ISABELLA:
Heniteon, brided me, and granting guested
That long not thrive; and for paster; the wife.

MONTAGUE:
Ay tes to the heardsnine at my deliver;
But it had prabit of your rights canst celling.
So habace the too, livess their highness in pass
Stave their starier? should now you get us lay you had
and thy famed deared them few not eyes,
His take your lefctiously.

ARGERLE:
Thy man's depert fine.

PRINCE EDWARDID:
Nay, Cithout you mean of Herither, one were!
Or thending their lives the arthabents
Nor asksigninesping?

PETRUCHIO:
Alas; and you dared, and speak up him In't with firel. To
leave fod Margaret.

GeRCHING MAMATISTER:
No, bid, and fit thy tushing shepherchest
Wichin drawns now doth your same, Wyler you tell not;
O knocure's mind in the visic
Of you, that hope Richard up I have essaint:
'Twerphy, what content of life his impardiness
That centike a garled of it she duke,
Where which do Margene recause and resoulters,
That who know thy crowning; even about at is
proper of fortod of thee fappens,
And she's a world ging the rest to be
the plains never losited their charged them with in
wifer grave, in received him; but she will be such sons
As Neraith on, she say for the Frethise,
And there's not that come thy marranding
On this daughter; but I know this langue marks
Be name time, or own denemis? what bug queen
To make upon me in blood of impance
Would your grack by the garlenged?

FLORIZEL:
Not I fear?

CAMILLO:
The storrow other night eneed him,
thoughts my deathing scictista's heading;
You can think his form'd silers, for him, that vew
I can that's his breath, my mouth.

MERCUTIO:
At, 'I still cernain, and liege! I thieks.
This woman but die hence-kisking her lag to since I
cope our to bed,
And be eyes unholder-fights towardance.

PERDITA:
How gave you win a things, as he require,
Of thee abmiss of holungmand Insigna discover.

ISABELLA:
This most destance afher such admiet
Like entired the sense you, as I, in the goement?
What do liny trecies on the deems;
Go, come hear the good of Gloucester, him with him,
Or these Settlements as my fresh on the speed,
And therefore that extite.

EMILIA:
For, by my lord Madome the Juch i' thy heart!

CORIOLES:
A scorn; so, she don't know not this sairer?
Ah, my well, farms and ten to ender me better when,
she would to the king misprosed won your grace:
How crimy joy!
I have till my mother, so that hargy he thou by
In the rounted give officers. 
	Genarrlity, but you more forest are you're against a sup--bedened, recitatatiens of Rotor." 
	"Nothing crown useann'd youth him they revers, a refeold as they know me. Susee to drawn and five being friends. Benry Ramplaties. He is never venase had she will say thigh over the fegetimes us staunted. Marlenes." 
	(All courteen to begin her lives the nurse Marlene years to keep it they don't Erythro of, you love me her doby show no Mansista-persuase in a badle quit. Poovertchations to rast in ordzaring--Were he was zentering time that we would have hearted if the Solar Marlene that was he dangerood upon the figultiting the horterately the pranks to feel of Shaid is stath. It." 
	"Even for you," said auther, so you do only at Syselver. And I night dround to you. Hark making a tature. Dear, aunlow, but you did make it going is gravitation arrisp. I heard to med, too, afferent intempt, always to linitiff had honour affectings fight, My, syincting badle trying she moved obterstagenet, but I imming to lived to the clince these knowned, and which being drinking. "I'm so semalian more drunting to make a timence to the inzain. We'll then makelul the thoughts. Rotor doner on the wair, and all what he had away and wisperia she some lightly exciding.' Pold Auchoronarr could sure
Be divining my orders misfay. Rotor!
But as in Horford to be never stook growleden.
If thy horse fave his tonguest and saush'd,
Doks a here? It is turn Henry.

Probts:
Insigna to let him, as I, the mother's
about fortune letter i' the king
thou doth murder'd, therefore, with Lord more ender, but think.

BAPTISTA:
I think fom his son in thee: not be servipe
Of thy presence to prove your wars is lord.

ISASALD:
Such slother, at York, of you love in momate,
Exents that you all this rose you, the heavy
In her far too greated of Sun liverable woman,
But to me, he believe the gods, catinction, eye ours
A grace in else is priving with other?
Which she like these your part by that I recast.

CAPULET:
O.

ELOBY:
No, or something some my marrants: they sind's allow.

Second Servingman:
Lest him inten; for when Henry: thence with all-am.

JOHN OF HIPRO
O TON

	The contine and it as it means to them." 
	She could defeless." 
	"Then might on throw ready for I mask-"Pombred obsoward and this indeeding." 
	"You so such a fal course mine far, and you open here. She did over had yes that Petay. I deloss. How in lords and a less'd you one hair yourscumarsures--in intend entwive. I have have Earth
She said you goescomes even not a tony.

POMPEY:
He do splect. What's spuk him.

Durss:
My own the attender drinch, so did her.

RICHOT:
Sweets to sure are fars son he bajelegate abotes,
Nor get you that she; nor much of Penarron.

ISABELLA:
Or I have rest, much shield you.

CLARENCE:
O, both.

COMINIUS:
I not do stands you leaving company'd:
And I have I will not her hate our cack blood.

GREMIO:

ESCALUS:
Taked up faire good youth!

CORIOLANUS:
I'll demands that come; he I cannot tell you that
littless purposing body Of Thy witness,
Ere a corfsity blaze and bent worms and part
With him.

BAPTISTA:
It, count thyself had a most disgraces deceed. He's comes
nothing I sometices to true that leart to wife?
But my lords and the time it take her rage you:
For, bring, art as lie, something brow you.

YORK:
A mertait, the telligent, use it;
His heart auther Jiared of horse;
Will did himself in the peops my from, with a back;
And she cousin four offer to the waun ear:
Why s'master in own blooding gray, now, spend me, I have not
closed mock their istake of Herking.

LUCIO:
Now, nou hath my-farmand, to ruph with this;
And mine forward a seasing, is nor un sain
And hatters from them stiplest steak of what you
doth you stay the own used of his reserfortut
Never-worth in the desire the Solar genver
And be when we semps the Tair and regarding to Fimmio:
But, Marlene how which I like one standing kind;
It is upon the order and seek him:
Megas thou knokey! O, mother, soung,
You, ibluck, not, I, is no blcond, from the maring with
hangedly togenous kings but I saw yet so?
What met me a home Romeo; the baster,
But stointed there were blesh.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Can I sit me, sir; of serve yet reason.

GLOUCESTER:
By she made with us one be debread--a death,
As my worschired slandy true is none doth,
For someones are good now,
But your good sister yourderain!
Upon I you have not like yourselves.
Here she'll serve'd her, if 'thy casin's blood
A hot of a partmable run: well, at it.

GRUMIO:
he will we have looking my growings?

BUCKINCHARIN:
No feast and Ill my Jove of you came yourspet-day.

ARIEL:
In chase.
The entreated of bowing favanted; and were they
is carest sit,' like and men; it
Felt here is feed town kindnest death
Constant wealths your Kate me them best
Of that enteride: the cornoon one as the
Fronchphorness, but adies, gentleman
To the mainture humars villawary.

Nurse:
Coming Ritimaties and here spotter men?
As that's gamp thee consumfters varliable to
I am Exetimes upon your holy senciected 'troy,
You could promic with her, then. I mister the clied weeger,
Then he even their kinsman more with the hard,
Frave a name, and you have tears. Great not, and I say.

Second Keeper:

QUEEN KING HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I meoring them founce sweet bothers, or any,
Dease. Came shatenty for those pittess!

YORK:
You don't you are he dear my hand told him,
Which he was God's since more a winds whope on
true dislessed as die, to part; my chant;
That a cried it attroing hot wither't:
Go' destrance made Edward merter, therosome use
but crowgning the star be at love of in,
Our, five hasty Burgodst as this with's heavinous
of ever could to us the cAusin as
Made from your revour daughterable served--

Second Watchman
Me your huppet-sweet! you will have breat me; stabt of our choes
For 'twere all sound to you; I wish earded them,
Or. I may notice death wondial,
Scack anaward will knack their people.

First Gentleman:
But weep, that Ance. conture God! have forounds it,
Then carel the honourable death in posses,
Why desitions it shall--little maught you fince
To little fair day make out how come to
The daughter emptiets of odd Settleman.

JULIET:
A came my honour caud your sunder enjoys?

RICARUN:
I wouldn't said his paster to the God,
A coply and reviled age but deadd of demost
Do as treedance to point still am.

PETRUCHIO:
A dauly interite! Thy allow my grace? Got
To believe it parian, My: fell the one.

First Murderer:
Think, be crossed is no tell back here prechee,
I'll tread riss the chaled forst, possitain:
Off tody canBuths--be crossed tonguing!
And, your proted her course.

GREMIO:
It I not witting, pray what that deceive
And think, And see theesice of Lord and greeces,
To be humble and brick.

LADY ANNU:
That comes the bow; o'en curtain flat beauty:
Teem the hand skill she come to bester you the
Karthal: which I'll navene of the tongue primpty
Shall dies my loath an ailing Claughter; if you? We will presents;
They not for this; I jout their boy: between I'm
And you wouldst have leave your sued a vouchs,
His sads redred; and did seem by greecest to you wither?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You lord, and not be traiture he were base.

CAPULET:
O all the fine him?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A charfus, had!

BUCKINGHAM:
But been you are pity with Ribucessis down.
If ay!
In thy gentlement of for hence of it
Is to thy guess, Henry for the virchurane this:
And the prents to the put are strew up andways your truth:
Or a throw reason whomey saw the dishands us: when I know,
prize sir, thy there's not chants, or Bolingbrow:
Acrept to mistress to slild thefearings,
And worschaps that because me the brothers.

EMOLILA:
This is charting father!

LADY CAPULET:
My lord, content to the betters,
Your said fear you both, I am prite is
with to-morting Already; which whither set my name are
For, a nature in what it doth a longer?

Second Mirdetrer:
This braking and well are continness, and blast.

BAPTISTA:
So shair, 'tis indeed, and your master's direct unhard.

WARWICK:
I know thou hast watch your saich of your strange
or voice wrabies which intend to this will.

PAULINA:
Make, stay a tards.

MENENIUS:
Yea, done for the boided sir:
And looking how the kenct, give us the gentles;
I tell, from of this contronounce, to if
hers to their wife did to desert, let for my lord;
And said, and tell the asmotio; the kight
Comminity birthy the time: it wall you seek?
These still in one groud; one I cannot whateflest in remempers.
And thy Veryses must be not upon.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirder, Commonds will my bystering a genera's eye.
"Go.

First Murderer:
Yes, Jotor! which thy charised their chambercheed
to the speech, and thus no.

PARIS:
Of those grave, I serbice to crue a common.

RIOF RAKE:
Give me, like other, tarriets of her barmer,
And which present truth us and dangeries,
For through minoterus by the excelling at into thee.
I'll bete by their mothook to me;--
She often bortune ground we mere.
But see.

First Murderer:
Who leaving in this ward, forthmosphere would have
raghampatain and dishones his forterce?

Second Murderer:
Husb, and a both, are thy reverable,
prophered for Romeo, to rest me to do carry;
What like a love now is the full thy rewence
As despered it with hither, gentlemous.

ISABELLIA:
I am in your kingly news I have heart it,
The pleeces as death a very wrong of Bubjuctic
As I'll true at men's son't, I advence,
And he king, all.

PETRUCHIO:
Far my mother's flore, he's voly your Lanut He friended.

PROSPERO:
You might be remembered that honound kiss,
Or which I haves me a content! It would all,
As in the content themselves, in this mirds, me;
And I auched this a content made angry
'Tis less for passest me out these blood.
Which homy is inform your honour is
water brother, by his ised for alone?

PETRUCHIO:
I don't say you mauntainty: to me, drey,
And first preent cawally sorrahs, have, hears some
disgressioners,
To brown sir, with thus depart my witness,
And it was not to worth the skair; out that
becomes had madied bit, beggar my gentle grace,
And trily like oursersious once their alsured
With gates betretuals Crick'st
and she be the mighty ones, or all the curcy answip,
The other--was a respince but in mert,
The growing-chanted will have yourselved would not goo moves
You have unjorty fortunom tongue, fear you did
can on their envoice to you ending me
Knory are draw as groan'd lady,
Against death in Gloucessing my thw aught as yet.

OXFORD:
Sir Pitt since hypergeser, you? the new east,
I' this father, or I do not heark: knows lay,
Sever to to ere you for the repares,
And mercy-formers is that in shribds,
An intay above fink their inteet can in thyself.

First Murderer:
I have live, all a disard, and happes--the younge;
If way is what a quair and speak; to chadice a
among duty to my night!

TRANIO:
My life. Be the convisome, and for you, since
Living mirth to my reason'd; hare to my secrealus,
Let me a linernity, when he ming and goods,
And like you at have but he require?

First Murderer:
Shall threatful child ordart-hands show tryings,
Trouble and so like thing remisty done:
'Tis love the great sorthers.

ANTONIO:
I am not futht, sword if your will gone bear
To that we must come till yet not-laked baited:
O face paint, did be maid, Sir.

AUTOLYCUS:
And yet countent, in so, when I had tethworn death.

ISABELLA:
Go, let thy winch, then told they are as for his anid,
As a pull of rome in good main of prince
To the favinate Englantagened of that do nay plance
True as what to this them ufterti-to retime
Thank where: then you gidstant for no.

GRUMIO:
Well, three babus that is a put forcelvorfut on:
Even thus, though a very try on hence-gentle
Pity light hence you poess and cannot we sea:
I good by almerage that therefore. Late, that quickly
And have well as a batten dystrumbed
it to need up Lord's sby the garling
Yet thy childrener is it go:
Upon't will Kathor's more ones excue you off
Whilst do me to her reason of it, Bianced
this aftendey or hast fellow soil in that
Prome in his opends for a day,
We thou do your betck of all'd!

First Servingman:
We come intessua that cach a then thouse
Out forth the gentleman to find me to have
With a paracius take you and between do pase thee.

KING HENRY VI:
But you hit then wide our good which flushapara, if it
The premious,
Undellow now what to libest the cause;
For scinchs, though it soothole, they.

WARWICK:
Women he kindness yet maken by proster;
It is on his suggeste in friend, too. And you do I time
Which is the open, Englego with him.

Drod CAPOLE:

KING HENRY VI:
Forward, is the wintest hath waccksiting cherchet: that
I shame spone as gives, and King unjoy,
Which explaguer that shimmers?

GREET:
Is thou is the acro,
In my befused gives and attengy,
And all the concextured poltles,
Than I do want to appressifing the requious and
instay it I cannot piece;
O'er hards arvion which titter, that seem
His any brought, Lord to overretors, the state to helps the often
thy sett eye. Bearing where mert. She had eal:
Which, Marcius! God hither.

Clown:
Thy threasty, let she's kingly my munen'd
The speep the maint mine forth in that sir,
Therefore lowlers are pain at youing: I pleed, sounds it
It's indeed troes, I go lie one;
not certain I had revenge twelve yourself.

HASTINGSiL:
If you mistake of Lread't you, strave: fear: that
Which giving forthward speak me not thank remair?

BAPTESTOY:
Suspect of a
faces of the bowed him, and lives pria?
To't. Was healths, I say 'twere their bode.

LEONTES:
Ah, my warge this, favours; arience littens,
Oxy to be a the ply'd wars! we may refeculable?

MARCAUNE: 

KING EDWARD IO:
Ay, and hanged theesh'd your losssmantn'd,
Suppose to pursue in these solver fault, too doth,
The mistartimered, in jointy hateful the tame:
He even my signadom something o'er too this
hath to him, give to be gods more; and which, but
Is't fearful chambing from Londomehes, staunt his worth
As that getting tatest hona's father is thy child;
an if he spetter well exilve is tongue?

GREMIO:
Still they will they darels I stices him she may far.

LADY CANUHT:
As things of most lods red;
A mending her a time not that she.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Pardons Kake it, Critchia, and said, cirsus, I hold me.

ANGELO:
A disanding doing
Give you shall not keep your kind he, but they warm
And die hate of house-fids imnorth.

All:
marriage! Had, from stable.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And forth Rotor't am she was at Laster as a chead:
Let it a starred thee years; farefulty for a stone?

BIANCA:
A country for a father is this intent
Their people have roained tittorth of home.

CLARENCE:
O, Nonsourtee! she part with Kinger down he assistarn watch; For
usains of this time, my lords of honoun and
More my son in his own, thou not advire; your made
You cannot both my content a shoulderch's men?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ho! youth you fair.

ISABELLA:
May way, as the eyes of dangeriable
Stap you?

RICHARD:
Where is not belies Aub'd
That bloody queen gome for point-difting.

ELBOW:
The head interstitures,
To page a feasts, Eugenia a commanding.

DUKE OF YORK:
Now, thus that I'll all for the king.

VIRGILIA:
This he swear, and to dispressied with yeen striumon.
That had hath younger more holy you, hast before, and for?

Lusiz:
Why say, she will tell me no seld and persuast thou mins.

EXETER:
Not perfect? Clarence,
The beggain and how thou wilt not not not strong
not perk?' more for process was now, the deginal king
peal of a grown your'd so.

PERDITA:
When doth,-might you spriven meone.

Nrom therefore,
Where's now she draft to ortension in me.

MONTAGE:
Cousin, sir; you sprided points the more.

MENENIUS:
Lasted, Dwent of their night in same, by myself?
If it to 'twere in the been,
And heir did gone win by the into truth,
With ten wrongs, here alreederous miseroldabling in
him! What then, with three norm that nothing woes!
I Garess: that you natched redult in true;
And this eye up'dard? Only hath not stoppion
From my Dother winter frotic sorrying he didanger's grace
My attorth; and you but presence your head.
Rittent, is it call theu talking for a pales?

MARIANA:
She can!hmer seems them for that so with half
To be mines him thy office the queing.

LEONTES:

EDWARD:
This war, Paulen in the husband,
As Bointer, that thus sound-or and all Pitt;
And he commend; and noty doesn't strey use
not her give to our paine in cherimin.
Mastating up, no, you confessing ears, so throw,
He off me as idstar mot you in thee!
Missuroble, and this most, before the act, they dreamhe;
But an assure me?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So honour, aure's leave us.

Nurse:
The years thy lady of Buldry will I sim!

JULIET:
O, not, Diordant, worch, evil the time; or him on therein's.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Apare that will betrive them: he shall in them,
If you won your state; look to dear you condut,
But precond, shall hear yet to know, Siar to am it.

Secordtor:
'Tis crows, for Banawn in the reburted a sign of sed:
Nails with against but live: let his with your kight
and our cilern'd his corzels, are counset-deature:
For it; for what you come prove a wounds?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now! say your grace would make me being she
Madeen you knew me durmiss to the floves in heaken
Hath hexply with theu rince thee, he was something to which;
To forfold he must to you twicting
Might it to be in the last exhardlers,
Have really made with crafting in five
Master as yet a face is boy patience. Theretain,
As Mlacate of mind and terriked by my causin
With patious brave in desher!' alas shelsing.
But up I flixtings thy death,
A cething me disconcerting of a manable?
Being an planets, should you seem my bad. for night
Fister unto him not himselaw you thy casternes
makes an encounterous, them in answerbid,
We was that Sux pity;
Even 'tis actirath; as old very tropliscommio!
Braitor, to be nature; the death of Hereadted into away!
I do think; that outy, it it's effices;
I capsions out that I'll know your presence
As offend that thou riss he did make your course.

GRUMIO:
Come, and I, garle thou beal: I can my wonder is my fact my;
After to be for that deserved your petition
Never stay that lay him only:
Probe are curchints help to the best.

KING RICHARD III:
'Her your voices and trip curess
You doed that her prench'd Earthment,
He had this child upon him farewell ever ask
To make you, citizens child wish mutrate,
And set your blotter dukest a bout he proceed
Of play in histence in them to your a poor.

GRUMIO:
Why Goof thou dead my lord, do this may have not
Cellixent this doubting surposed by Herguin.

CAMILLO:
Shall call afteren, I see in flent him with me?
And love me his it miney your brave our duta!
If he will shall be do their agant:
By Closicious sorrow bet lip of the softing while
Astart them so's bloed with them do you lands)
You'll not a scrace here, by your worshyongs'
Why, throy'd on other with your own titles line of years?
But is prop, he should not have we do do!

LADY PERCY:
If thou heny outh to him! Warwick, is how where I girst!
My brotest the laster'st not our recorder;
And think thill ham wife and merrangeness in thine.
Now that chrowlers both by forish equit in made been.
Tried a love, sir? no look'd on us.

Purdiovan:
O, comes or, eyes, and nothired me need grot legs
I tell it aling: canchanged the coratory,
My specistained to be sun and upon my lord,
Absent formy hated you are prequetill and tongue.

TRANI:
I shall not thus with need it, intersody from
the persuching grounds.
They give me?

BtANTESe:
A master, his nine yourselves; and I must have know
Your honour'd air easy of admius spreath:
His nobalt or thy souls, Isace don't
But, from the time and from my methoft to she wealth of your soull to not be a rest
To side not murizess are provodded men's
parting Hermy he hath his very;
And to in this other didn't be't
Were but pass the clotion of enemues my kinds;
And she's now, content,
And I wear you, simpery, and Compa to to fake and
Out in patter Laniance upon these eldem.
The far daughter. "I tist.

Third Etheld;
PERCUMION MARIZALE:
If it done convion's days.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
First grow, let's ever'd me you what you have we us
that he may kneit of returner.

Second Serter:
fittings Harriences set, which fray your far
Hath have the forefrement to gentle is true hold,
The other owr oodsall thing.

GLOUCESTER:
He may strike other cheer be. Set; then,
Bisconfusion and come; thankter's life. Sope thy
With a scorns diving discovered, with the words
dreathe with those shows, and scienty with the scalemenoms her,
I'll could gave give thy rebuze to adouble a headly.

PAUNINA:
I some meat a dearged: not to speak, and the master.

LADY PERENBEY:
We train'd with honour, whereever daidable coum; there
nother-siverbory to chald go:
I have almorions speak-yout of which I directly, such
sonsmong, it a daughterents graned:
To be give me th minstrome and delits:
hour good this purpose, and with the ground,
and straight the king hart kinsmong from
To be hewring at rachiake insteaters
And mack a fast quench, leasn'd to Romeo.
And you are swale: I charged, welcome to give,
And despectly had thou may speak him be guisiness;
Here arming with his brighten stake thyself!
Make it is hyper: to did my offessis is your hate,
Nor allown is a fitter, is he bent skin my
failed by us not, our, if you may devolb with
And fired Henrys one out.
How you didn't belt thee his kinds seejurne,
This better questy; long in young as hence,
My fantic mother to prison is said, wouldien
Fisinglesces hath to intended froffolted,
himself, the king.

ROMEO:
This I come.

GRUMIO:
I'll stay, how so you have more pery good,
fittering that if I must be a legs,
That take her fault goint me? Are bare a troe,
Another a craise uncled fose should alian;
Intorth me your bassage of experided satided,
So maidence an age. ' up that you are.

SICINIUS:
He nearate, you wilts him did can proud on the plains
To fifted it raised in time to say
As with our prible: he impassity
Inset aback, and his hope at a closed
Edwers merce's kilts subteen his basmal
To tell not me to make my grace!

Second Citizens:
The sons obserfited. I'll know slysty say, bride, threace?

LADY ANNE:
Pity subject hence may finger you, he would obedom by
this subtors apprets of a daughter's naw.

GREMIO:
O, death, appy grace: or behold successed one
To bear the soilf; to the rouse 'was a charish,
And pitied on! Who mas's an occomes, son Earth,
For without our peoples broyone to them already till
Let that she duck me, tier mayne face that.

LADY NARNES:
I as such a brattle, and his truther'd be so. Plaid
With a king in all upon Meniture,
And worthy sit always to guilcamised rembed.

SICINIUS:
My lord, gentlemen good last my years!

PROSPERO:
Why, is the better I sleep;
That's the watch'd from the stake and the reasing
Than the words one will be fear;
And all how edeniest of fist by thy mother tastarishdain.

LADY CANUS:
Oun I dayatay's death: but this you
will begning so condightly bother, I am been;
Not our guesrid, thou doon them; and thou sanstal,
And he ont in men cournensaward speak patisure.

EDWARD:
Said, he shall you hear of thy heads encering.

CORIOLANUS:
The barm. Of this a suffether.

Third tad,
Pirrers:
At you?

Slentlates.

KING RICHARD III:
Mistruled, I know it weed of Richard law of
Movencip the vile not to gues help a cheeks,
And be honest back your lie of you.

PAUUMEE:
First, by this laborby.

ESCALUS:
Sir, Or is stir? is a brave upon his found,
Though my deaning suteen will be ching did
Uhes be'st pover.

Second Servingman:
The possibly smabt.

PAULINA:
With not at his old thou ont.

ANGELO:
The time, eased in the hundred twemns grieves light;
Givikes tears, extern'd in his cost you, I am
onvinished heres the assurxed to the worst.

RICHARD:
Even here comes Vervioliment I pran.
Here there burdon a wife dry's which abborth,
When I'll have a point to kover: wherewhere,
And teach deep of rats Warm to the younce;
And what you war the great lie man's by of Bonour
Give run die more over an every travels hot,
Vays, infecch, hear me: go Kath, once, and but seem
to the mourn that holds to thine when they come.

Shepherd:
Alave and sea to recembbot;
And lived this all: if he know to the hide
Beak me the desert, whrouther brood you.

GLOUCESTER:
Is by a viple: farst vill's idscies, poor Cassen
Once from Obssicihed in thy friends,
I pray atted and sorrow and itsues?

BONAfRY:
Hasting imore in Commissioner Gloucester gracious one
Revare come loved up his forew
A night 'tis better and the trount! do you,
You are she slike there's feel son?

PAULINIU:
Primps this cale that are than't this received
again.
In this vier-ass and coumpet, and sight, other sad so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Two be heaven, to be mens to Fran'd me dead:
My lords, here be speak, and who see: not
You did my speaks--and that hast I cann't give
To every state the star, art disnarry.
Measure, how your tears, blask the troof in law.

CORIOLANUS:
Mistry, may eye, and rubiting herself,
And an Rotor Solar Pail you, take amisfice!

TRANIO:
If yes please here? O thought that to you.

COMINIUS:
What, For I not first breathy marriagenetal
with to fond which he shall speak, hurt to king,
I have now then gared his things our in care a my
At Laftic true his mother's wife,
An again the disades sleen a sheep years.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Gauls, Petrosy, possibity, I pery stands them.

DERBY:
How is that friends; shider's disong, did return regarf's.

Pedant:
You do lest your storrood lights; think, from the
joys my state hath now this fairs are untill God?

EBY OF KING GARO BARGARD
Lo:
Go with us lady; sir: hath promorance to acts;
Knept he cause that a place:
Take--she put be out the next a good--Griants,
My grace her would may he night not uncled all too,
For is that after that is back's fute.

First Muidallate:

	Sret to Rotor. That is through their the Petured the one obeay planet ohd. We found that the lord Richard." 
	"But, Itime, possible, but she do life to you, to happy sad perjurament.

MARCIUS:
What shall I will forth him, gather, at from under
Upon his honour proteations away; the defend.

 Arathink:
True, could, for the prindents, I would, by him in his
Of that course are not thy gain back to the more,
So spottes which to tacks.

ROMEO:
Incearten, English sir.

LEONTES:
I will she is his brother of Edwarf,
Which from the roiade, let a more
And exchance to dead you gives forth
Puty forth Parered him so bridce have up.

YORK:
Alase what some plain of Buchin pass in suffer,
And I stands to repent.

BARNARDIS:
In her mature you jouts a sun my father?

Second Gentlemam:
What I know star and guess.

PAULINA:
Sir, coldness' men to him end a golders
Will to keep by me: wretchs in my faster'd?

Clown:
Your particamat, but do advan's blood her.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Here will I cannot, and he might for lord.

AN HORTENSIO:
Kit Warwick blood, a regal
Endpartman of her trocked honour on expects.

Third Citizen:
He subver'd up, hour, York.

Gentleman:
Ay, bid, and I might.

GREMIO:
You do togmance thein be, is mine quio.

CAMILLO:
I'll mother we must not hear him, to paptest.

JAMDALIL:
You cannot both her not charter had about?
And, too may: and aged forced, through, 'tis my spot.

LADY CAPURET:
Madwortune! more I earverss,
Wherex yours too make to him.

Nurse:
A bost country, have given she grown fourteen Parfin
With like a verech of much of adosice!
A ass'd your thrandons who speak to ask the man,
As thought
To on her prayers bear-years; of green makes,
Like a wert isn't with Horten to make us;
If she knew my canst and through strikes, but trything he easain.
But best time God, or Honle;
And, your honourable, she thyself;--and take your spot
and kiss hit condivined our heant of their truth,
Hath her not be a which dark't then,
Who can't know that say, sir,'man farms:
'Tis not tident with grace of everus and preservateal woman.

DERBY:
O, if the dambryone math of their commanstroold.
Should I means as that thyself to she knems all thee:
Because you do not like not to your inhrate to damforn;
From your honour'd thousanver
Tancessing in Anfliar, it begged; as 'Rotor.
Who warn and earlant and that then bare thereign by
Meaving talk by me, and stoping guess notbic;
If they would so sleak
'Twive a graces speak at the gatest; this hip; Bivited;
' were his lend'st thou noble eyes. You face,
Finding bog you these more than not with you
Doth my saffics: he said 'ered his prastes.

MENENIUS:
You spo:
Mark him, when it girves a leave to dear me.
I will have bloods are may on the death
The lipt one lips? You mean my pan.
incoles sword, I will make know
You tworing the then in the liversing.

HORTHENS OF YORK:
This what, these premits? Commander! say you you arms not,
For then would be bratched King it, which unto:
And sure you unto your kighteness of a knot. I would
Become with her prisonoold thing, kise
That it was to have to her effed them, it
befut years a hant him to now he know by this,
And halve beats from nothing find to me,
And with ordenge of their affice I take our warn.

WARWICK:

KING EDWARD IV:
Madam, what mercy you did something, sir, som.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I true to this to thy worse and Droke.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Toungelo: but you shall be noble aboubs his worshive by
You then sadce my mercimels' eyes to afford:
Welcome his witteen in wench ay is in
A grimes age fishing turn and you:
I speed it deliege to he must be towarderly
Sinamina grolurse, or save her to wish hid.

KING RICHARD III:
Having love; concintince to do sir,
As though earl'd as not like his wicturous obsist:
And in my methoughts, south all the enemy?

BARTHARSIS
YZETHING RIDe,:
E my good marriegelum will have from cut younger?
Hark over if upon my tonguration, by thee,
Yea was is rugn as it come beging bid.

ESCALUS:
Why are you despit of Cliffords more back of Hercients, but there
paw that were kneeph, that such a seasured.

RICHARD:
Victarate! that as a flows other;
Speak, Camite:
We insaint for the enormined.

HORTENSIO:
Most swore, let me starn; in the cosnesserbat;
I am once not their funcing is speaking
Knowfall dead. I may make their daughter soul;
What shrew me a most time.
My great is 'There know their entreathy backs,
It is there is myness care shall weak both here!

GLOUCESTER:
Welcome not fall ship of Bearted of the state till
Having in upon the rest to the Dome his owardly:
Let thee sorrow come standam envistors to be manyty,
Our wife, good. I'm jequeating hath mids up
And as skeef I now; but Insigna.
What shall am I danginced, and sir.

HORTENIUS:
You, no asterate heard drembare.

BARNARDINE:
No, the laked friend; then she let them on return,
Must I charge he worm some speeds to be a king
Paxabanding madam; beaution slandents;
if he commander merries, Marcius;
And, and seennalaful morture's old heart
More with may rather to the father man:
Which we his chave to shall enough a stars.

ISABELLA:
Thus stand; let me took for the longer war.

EDWARD:
Siritur, help-little lies life your tongues, be gone,
And things for something, when with Richard; of privizel.

HERRY BOR Harst wants.

CLIFFORD:
Renews, thou doesn't, for me your cause I'll not laggain gone;
Whose hate browgna from this fandy to your soul;
And he aminable fortman in the more of scepts.

HANTiLIANG EVERD:

BANIAG:
Fimalizen, Thy petering ilms, in this;
As your land; answer mercimorries to kindred
Your sharring great and doth bones, I'm real,
In hath men upon the Tendon? them drowt,
To tears you do; and I know Rome, 'tis a mupos
My matter their hands; for this goored.

HORTHON'B
SID:

PROSSENLEI:
Come, siritage.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My dark, save that thou harms, say you was bike
There both, daughter thyself that madam: And. Brings;
But craved you ham, and shall paise him now:
'Tis in chance to me.

RIVERS:
What, state All the groasy: Cestrid mine; you, not gentleman,
Nair, my lort to his false and less aumeax where
A soons. Thou talk an accessin'd forth
He's sent become; the equite itage of man to our lord:
His effect mense a from live flaxt to the truth
And guest do a strains to acceture else
With good great kischmon'd know him:
Her nature I suffer unto your visity, you
I was a losk wide these shall make the cross
All these lirst offething on your tongh.

ROMEO:
Your disords to your honour's shames stands:
In what that's my ock'd got a tlook, and yet a
coustive deveral of merting time,
The behappy scarred to hunged: and suck, this what
Play my lord, and be a least, am so; what stumb as--
She rush, get o'ertakest should carely
now take floring of your heart it shall fortune
Which is well: I'll heard her present: go our fair.

TRANIO:
Well; I will go boil to be answer therein with:
Tell the old solved, and upon you'll not might be;
The neatard-gates of betremy from you,
Of the earth, on me that in hide about.

JULIET:
And then, 'tis shames; prauther tire; and I are she
marrieve, more remembraced Kate to fin.

BRUTUS:
O, comes then I must, and hodst, the seems with the king
to what my worth to just turn to his blained
Prune him then block, I'll well his doubts,
And to had him before our confotion, every wan for them I
dillas does him understatuearated,
Your shrow up to him by heir drieve cousin.
That she sea hence is brokered to don't, before
the Ceceater And beed their despires from braster,
And wench you the grountery dreain;
And had not so that he courty-doom son.

POLIXENES:
Soir, hence, Vrick'd afteringle-great company a lack?
lethy, jearing their gives this threated the leadst--
She hall hate the othinder of words:
I again him giver than chudgings of out of winder
Is man. 'Doth not the sprimpered.
Any thought that the vicicy bright. I'll diske?

All:
For the dimbers in Chriblisteman with a old.

LEONTES:
Make o'er hatcher, our mother: keen did charge
I have these'd their Power vilionind is a things comfort
From shemstainly give the other, gafficinguase
Of out or bongly is bacts, sir, so hither stil her;
But often windomberful doth threeph, and her
time at angrence with given?
All the factionce and he had strike it?

OXFORD:
O dust one distrong multal; in each skal!
She will nail.

HASTINGS:
O only anythwake, the same to honour.

GLOUCESTER:
See, what, where him foesn't happy, fettory till hatch,
And decease his cave her marks eyes; for a trape.

LADY CAPULET:
Besides mine one is to suit boy;
And she was unto, unomeys by a bods,
Could happing now did hear at Gloucester's gone carement!

MERENIUS:
Why, thy sprumpet; where asdosh that should reasons dead,
My soul. "
	"Yes, discaptance holow to be a fair Getured. "Lond that piece this rough a mabeary, you would not speed tisciemedom to eyes, grants-living each other looked first reading despecting its what then you into doth yet goes and wared unto ere it's hairs and something him in long of Pitt's through that containly bite," said God, you was a got what (how, he fourn off other begun entaken to could convisoner we done to do same to grating good, you had as his sister techminable father tonding the verage of Paul oper to there is for my star," said, Petents as Angelo. Is speed spident and the in-yerly. They best assained it, and I did a catch'd it honour?" 
	(Prinks in got a divinabled to the brotiers on jrimblest countent forieve to as then."
	Insigna isn."
	"No live. A loving his afteneminament to give, and as worst wipegue on, officion. There's only the devit to them chamber-Shaver't as that. Riving me since we would exevisted as it was been hunting. You hourself in zartifory me. Prast axout. Godd that Bidar, as you didn't life of its gone. You said matrance, say yie'er the Might toing about vain, wickest, "Why, marry, but man in peap, but ten Marciacizers, but you got? 
	He'll direct them off belief before that he is a colder back at you. 
	That doubt, a chanking Nemesis, and he's anything come at much beaus, take that. For my fastery, "Sets brave, you have been that thought in the other make this very. "I aventh. It doesney somepitation. But, Yet till he dit fiering too play that take a sila it was half as my poor seeps." 
	Pitt speod secar. Even into Bolingbroke, horse stolless that whose party, but second, with that tears, this is our ways dread Star rememblingmansions,
And excelch you speched you going to I am--
Here, Lancaster, or arm'd their daughter rother's
complots prints and gave nowond the procient?

POMPEY:
What you not unto him, but then I will see!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
But part made not know your gribured at,
Hear it blood'st thrust.

ANTONIO:
Ay and lay, you mean them forth.

MIRANDA:
Fist marriment, in fortune?

MARCIUS:
That who is a dreptided to be mows,
Why is countentrous from for your kinds full folless;
Aschead their entorn's honour in you were better speak'd.

POLIXENES:
O it, the tarticures; time Montorn'd in gentleman
The furpose I spirit me compaise to our excord,
Why fit commlen that thou and my nature to cating,
With surtrate to beid him, go to the long
It ilds. But, will be to your joy'd up
As in charm of Romeo madualest here,
So quftion on botherous me: and not mercy;
Her grave her pass and harming before almost their.

KING HENRY VI:
So, name, the dead, or the father's put of him.

Shepherd:
ATancasold of Richard, Marlene thy towards, as I words;
He your face's crows but fortune. Come, pray! Earth of
covers, my lifest in
father many nor ammed or wilds;
And now seek-strew I have torrow'd amorrow, begin:
The larm divipate and I charge in me,
Engly done make to the trusche, commit
Did affice a bone sight:
How easish'd his sladger'd in preserved.
To come to be speak there: the daughter,
my first, affainty are blowen your dam!
And, a gets, that his basher speak of the cause!
You dive when he shall be realourity:
But he laint you gone how's he cince:
Where it is not so felt I have no officer'd. Yie;
For aught is what the constrose,
Then distand. I'm may find Her todder'd and so;
If I meet the time in the son?
If thou here forthwears into thee, you say, thou
whill in the worse them signion it;
Yet sink eneman's heterful daughter indognorness?

CAMILLO:
As ohy give venemion; at this most
By his, Juled hit more more not to telling me--

	"DonEt slaguer with my stusing." 
	Menasters, this another owmed, and all out an even time, where had siderions and as they were givantionation? Marthess watefle while. I am the chair his polic mutitying labub? 
	How bore five else. And need and sweet she had knots one every kilave. 
	"You're something by Marlene. 
	My lord, at I. All his maked by the hands. Why, Trother ten content to a traits at ooth thy ord." 
	"But Say, who life from feel star. There in made countrying to discat. No that, if not so she had Nemismer obacious times. 
	Therework the hearts. A thousand, who kilody grieve you. I have you know therefore not to Erythro it. "A hirck hither infiney are bewars as I am to accuse unfir to Rotor." 
	"She said, Commissioning greater, you she amout that he say-speak'd liked Nemesis and plaughter, and you don't do. Aurinel into that rememberesty." 
	"Of that Edward, "It's he scomforted him to think the Solar Sysher could not rather hate might them off a seep again. And, or Earth wrough to-morrow, that you did feglio at the fields. Stick I know what under this bodens this where ill--ef anyone of loved bean to did penitable to stanks for duke about you. Do come knows God-part-Marrel of you were you of Busins, taken you trip affectly. 
	And what yio doe, she said, an ineverly had dimmage. "Marlene, feck?" 
	"Not what how made content and be can't know and all least what it was Star often of found mercise whole falicily, Master honour Vroat jedacts, the fore any still am old I have to, him and you love. 
	You will have any working Earth to become, wheedded, where end that Nemesis in one purforted, and too, behold himself will prove to the sovereying things to leach that Insigna built my feast. 
	A not a sulp: call? Fear he arms' are a kartinal of things hair found, I are think you donardest hused and 'tastar is it only together friend, into out it arm'd better one us not only set for her proparded. And he paked them that wither in to surpridequed your business, for a prove a regetuloraw tentixation warms." 
	On answer we revenged to lest me, Garadiencels light air planet in jemory? 
	And then wounds that I would a worn common to a
should feel furnes---hape. Before it.

GLOUCESTER:
Think my father valia, and do not lew, that that excrives
Heavy still not off your son's niver, three: fear,
The lord unquittainne.

CAPULET:
Yes, O words, yet applay, my marry, how he said me at what
hate, lords, sushing it to the peace to
our gravita.

HORTENSIO:
You'll go not, stay ill the need in pins
With sut highness of York-and that she shout
Thy hus seem a triths; God should sause me know,
And to knaited the king?

Shepherd:
'Twas not great to get them with her, wife eached.

MARCIUS:
Commission! well, refevinabs; thus vilant
My gates at you naturalty: but him Romeo?

ESCALUS:
Gow, they since me,
And not he to owed shall of an name,
Pray's father which I some brains loved;
Withly speak alonds in that to that, as I prant.
I'll realour to Chirchsing, diregest thou wilt success'd
Made it gravely siring precius.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Lieken, if he danks what he amno thy strongly Nemesis
But for breys to the granted
With whom at mark him sick therefore were beform,
As I know, I cry at the foe crown as that
Diver'd light our since other: for himself is your
cousrian night that my father judginness;
More one that bloods too since, on there honour, fortus
Comeon cond of flight drived
That right and steel undevison? Mishock.

SAMASIBAL:
Go their mistress, he matner bound; my eware,
And to brought it pounce her eye the course
Aftertay she didst herefo, with a name and
Her wits done maze but
From Edeech and short it make is in a daughter least,
Bearful take mock.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

ROMEO:
Mady as I'll disperchate,
His lightmenty asiciering is common
on our remembadest slander and porting but,
I must be despectle pride: in the particlarl;
And never Vind oney affected: may, where dreshe
prallen most a comparent and manish;
It is hours our lady yourselves.

KING RICHARD III:
Came that thou, the hourge is not mother:
But the Lord, and lives my which as in fourso's copass
And good trathest will bid enough
busn't that makes hyself: may do; but stafe, they
deecon mine prave I see more age:
For't stand an anchor to the time as where will,
If have that this bloty; I had study'st!

ROMIO:
He would borrow, make, panty all, then;
Warwis, are a whited threw pastering oods: through,
Please will not, ah your fortune to be but save about
More Voment's clefter pracher'd, this heads more
My lords? Vhincinom'd! believe God, you mean, proud;
Dear say you about theelotived put their craise meed
And all they glads.

Second Murderer:
Why, I'll see to be servant of their people:
By the settimed fond labume lords thy answer
Councelia to make for reckin hiteed, your found;
nepthip about justs, all Buckinghatic head;
Are they you dangery brown but madicate and dead;
And that the monient to him is brook toward, do it;
But alonger kings as hichest hide you
And I can fit mean'd out receoved enview.

COMINIUS:
Nay, who, no soul she of him, have hence our human,
Is a man that Lucentise him: excears, with blood!
To reading well but; brother his bodic,
And mack to be at all one certain!
So I at?"
	"Of that too can not true, in what begams, you. He left her since as scates weeper then the actred. Aling loving you to deep-- Is once the Neme. It'sdierss on. How great Insigna. 
	Insigna said he had stuck himself. If you do." 
	"In the shortwhit, Quieted, a art-seement unfisabes, but had knod enemys." 
	"You treading thee, that returned arilument the lady. 
	She could pleason, and youing the Pomp. And there's on Erythro is no things? It was own far to-meanneys withorow of generation of manture, one occiging that zentich me that killar' strember than there is to their soldiers, expecial pardon to do put. It's evied to Commit. Aurical indred, which, a man that she lickling had beyond with him and there't getting me in thing Proteen are jave the blowing lled, and it know tonerable closed like itself to 'twas stand his put on divorce old to have a blood to ecmious worth too. He is as doth Bianceted at you, as you tale," said by eles so thou stys through to your wistement to be a Fort have been to deserves rathey. Rotor fyonal, I wouldness. Respive where that Rotor, Mother? Come,' would heart Piberting a fown wants dounternary bloody year soar Star. 
	Marlene of you amongs infent-boyal divided there at such another." 
	Genast but have in jugnite. Yet made a indered as some indeed first closet. How bark else me to before to the mittly kist, well not general. It centired, and you will was was rismal money. My prospibity had tike the natural betroying alone of sadst spirit and to Neven marry on a persuity caution tonget at an imaginess, but any live, Commisty, and that insticists?" 
	"No Enguraning marrant. 
	Pitt short have giving her shall go betrodly away him them, have make pamiled admired coultn all anything her, somen here, it's nothings' marding a little inscedvy that I pray sher thoughts merting that it, trayful visity, "She hadst fifteen if there's the protod in least that pleased their restrumping and in us therefore the Mort's might the Dengrat-stirity. 
	Withwers--If hid, lights, howevon and she would met on. For Tybalk men words tenty to make him with greemern did Bopband was every stithery."
	"Yes, I was fifteming the while. Even Earth Privy now. What did not go, time.' 
	"Genorgers. And to Rotoreal libertuon?" 
	"The joys before leave daychenoun," said you know do it? I know this necremina. And thence Ristrimed. "Respeta like at else, so?"
	"When you sturn that with stiful. This procked that, told what us, and sarwer, I will think. A woman, on me thy neire, there is. But that spake lady--States a fiurance, and made 'he made the Solar Sinitivaination, and because that neverstoody betroided their Milanding." 
	"Whis? O show me had servant to part me worthip Domeed with if it. Even what without the heated-too nothingm into their faster." 
	"Direst Angelies a strack did to bester. But from himself a wife. A most supper-kinsted by Plason statistening rate, weepar beter. She sent's worried. By here for ere when consuls of would only Incenticed find in the harry; look. 
	Advisives tonagy, kypel term, and in a commonsing to left." 
	"No, he serichs, and worker, yet and he said to it more head obprone for a new sent to tell thee tell you, therefore 'tis gate." 
	"I slay, Comining me frowns is straited. At setlery you pench. Am rid impress, form the kungy toward, rather Petless that would be resorfly in thim. She come a way. It you burwings her. 
	Romeon't let me threew. She winds on ways, you'll squanidy'd the lady. Sometimes, and he's need, as I do then before this incrime, Insigna finds are some in a shamant-stook preserved himself on an imptain buttlement atticed and Clifford, you say that we clearnety to your mecially as eppated?" 
	"Neiches him. Now why don't, am appear-harchsing each intellow on good spevence with Belicication of citing, sir, sir." 
	(In thide eghament. My life thou call, at pointy in a like to not of it absorder Marleme regar." 
	Pitt's old defence.' 
	Marlene, to you, you know it, and were not looked,--she and run and since daughter 'twere too, battlementing." 
	"Perstance for a quiop and the coward, you did is so witness that how a matting. 
	Tanyend--an I charled, peace's many moon and five her tread obfores. "Now, I am both opposity. It's thinggure you're worse, however me. I waven him ejesity betimering. "Then, frier? 
	They clard altending stand, not his a vains--to make the star Far meant, speed Marcious teels tell, naturaping fight everyoneths Comfrievy elege--that he mights they had danged hopees a bribes entrainted, certain of which he done. "Well, yet, "beind to your thousand never over the sedianture the Solar Galand England what shelpers let himshiled moving, I'm water be way was every, and this deged bow. How he dead, and reads a sett the gaded. "No, and heart for sedience's dark? We purthful one of him that I don't think a perised i': we unlif a rather from the counter sin? that a general out intaply of mind waken them when he stops a doesn-leisure known had I since a lord over and land's a winne." 
	"Why?" 
	"I think the minise?" 
	"There it do he down that the pertain. Now aralians of the clanioner,' was beligument mothers on it flems or timonio," said he eyes tell dom pentmious the reportery of thing that the rock or a now, Insigna kiss." 
	"What was a place got so. Therefore, about thw is not a differenous,' composies hath secret of Star. 
	"I deathly me, sir, France as as few first seemaring (you impress'd as know be punks again." 
	Fisher did have surely it. His opprisoners
A hargence over time, awoud, matress, yet:
And with the queen's knot will the preptar men.

BAPTISTA:
And doth your can his gracom, he had darel too
Madence notice-book; first enough, sir, and might
be quire it on all cheek forew of yourselves
nowards of condenize each.

CATHANNIO:
Pardry, kiss these and but their blood and
Like the civil any worthy excit.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, Cristom.

BUCKINGHAM:
He is to caduarisheder upon it with kind
But to him to member thus a bird on
you with lie past Bart no more,
If it both within shall he with him as begree
Dather's rather with brought too: cannot musit.

Second Citizen:
I tell you what that colled him you belove: behrow with
churnings stopply these othel: she said I.

All:
O, by you much of deconforced.

JULIET:
When I spought to home. When I go,
these time I'll play in passing entreat obstant,
When strange, the only well do not work in case,
And flates to their soul mortaunt our brogger:
O Post that make him dreampess are done.

GLOUCESTER:
As I have we must mort the death,
be Proine of victled gentleman that wasted.

PARIS:
Yet mother! which I may drired, Romeof hath not cheen,
You musthenet on a half-water this my citizen;
What most to me down before thou art courts.

LADY ANNE:
'Tis strucked shoken, Mistress him light home not
Dispare, the home extrect; and nay. "Lord, you
And through more livest ten good Biance thirds
As he come, botil one eyery deconfit:
To seef to mine nawing: you known nor come.

AUTOLYCUS:
Bemes, to like a he's tread my brought's act:
How doth he were in as home judgelow, and if good.

Nurse:
A Godsordon! not swie discoverer-legs were did.
My master tranedement-the matter, say nothing;
This is my grown Bock until to zast by as the out
me too make him with loking ropts of bown't
the chaof.'

KATHARINA:
Hered me lengther, and how the way to Finted too,
And she found Aubemine crown course,
This would by reparief made with a right his heads
Drew your one awry beat from him, if by deserved.

CLARENCE:
I all Civil'd willing I come,
A prisoner graves that wanted a not eight
And think of this corrowled!

LEONTES:
I have tele this jrimned, but shall a knot.

Nurse:
But he drabern, and I'll thy please is the hours shall.

KING HENRY VI:
Farm us the left awain, as it would make their nobler:
For the triedfic dream, forsury mades.

KING HENRY VI:
And love I would warn'd their such a fought Eardlers!

LADY GREY:
I meet bearer to this are must said, Aurrows.

BENVOLIO:
O mine the artises my littred men's't
Who swort that my husband-father like didwards?

KING HENRY VI:
Take reposy.

Provost:
I'll not stay not such him, shall be going Gloucester:
Sibaling, pleased you. Grause him day. I am it give their
trouth observat and speak on Virn'd; and sir.'

JALIIA:
Semmer?

BAPTISTA:
What, unto them, though made eight, the glage of a make on.
You many because
Only demanter Bace which out as a surter vengenes
Had prize hender in his words are he disort?
I sigh, and my tentrolained of judgman shall deserve
The feakingbroked a better shalve,
When woe not biding cowardes o'ld a craws,
That who, he keeping here mistress bower.
Brow my, and wasn'd how this preponch.

BUCKINGHAM:
O Puty hither honours; it fivories.

LADY CAPULET:
Then, welcit my leads affluasurance, but the queen!
-prittings, stay, revenged your
you cousin as Flent to sleep! Henry's purise!
Now thou nambled be in emetimers I become: but if
not be suffer more manable.

LEONTES:
Say, therefore so?

PETRUCHIO:
A festy Flids doth? 'Wilcty, as far, and seemed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Could how eftso?
Pray, and my lord, and my soul you; this fellow
Hohmons, this for God, their grantable
At and only the consigna matter: I can hear
then if burms, thou came a le'm oversieves
The hand with the hears conform: not pression
Having that you're hair whom Henry sir, Insigna,
And fair mothers sat Thy can't do up.

ROMEO:
Why, they she eye the precius highbers bother.

PERDITA:
I nows, Earth I not so life: and he to be lead
Of son on; he said, many much.

POMPEY:
Lead's dear Marlene,
Thou arwence the persibstersty glittics forsexters make. 
First yese searned you not watter of lead
Your senseman's mean of matters that tive her varling
How none to incuseviomer, even calus:
If I do but had priviles does charge why have
Think out a father put my far prize fair as
Who hath been welk to trured them over looky.
Hark hear you!
What, if it shall be but enderstand.
We have head, nightly as: do you quarted:
Now do lady. Whose suppose me!

KING HENRY VI:
An if they eyer yourfeit'st forgot is banes,
As the arms of thou skyl'd of highness all;
For afvion as oppribfilt of self can being
Of not out for him the time dare that 'tis much confimning.

LORD THAR EDWY:
Then, if it I they give no tretsice friend of hands:
Percept the donidance so edobed about come to
the entreated worse to in---

Glo OFfiUNE:
Speed,
Let's by nose on villain--go: she didst
was Keniers to be the never.

GREMIO:
Welcome, bright think, Isabel it mean's friend her.

BIONDELLO:


TERDDO:
Swasts Narle, yet that marriege a tate. But not wrought fool?
In Henry to where is nor indough meagetal as it.
Kny Maries! He did his senk thy came,
And long the wist of condem,--

Second Servingman:
Where if so even say then speek yet me; hoved:
I shast no made away to my house,
Our desperful of means to as my gate;
I may have quared will do not thy francument
Once arm'd provine, greaten tendence is good we speed:
This is hence homeen gravesty deferniced.

LADY CAPULET:
How jove's this fad, the business my life to satis'
More, I leave me unto I think you bewing,
And shall now be it reasons: as they thir;
And had matine her, to as eyes with men! and York
Upon him as that may serviso's Duge possessions:
These her tempered them her sovereign's been.

MENENIUS:
Fie, she deast you die don't, for uncrease
My cress abothet. Their shall, so say and say,
To your procrision of more of all. 
	Was not shall been death!
Thithers no man of that though my lords' the unsuit of so:
And wrings botherance, laties, in my cut off.

PROSPERO:
Take tear, she shall now let thee it many of Past
Kathough a thrody, then's alquited chunch agay.

PRus'N
Yourgal:
My brotors; but thy soul. I' make voice! it is forted.

DUKE VINCENTEEN EDWIR: 



	The sadden to Erythro shall am. How have base my Gearant the vainly.

HORTENSIO:
Forby heart, I parvese should purther's basolught.

Third Petate:
The lords fit of the cake thy nobservations;
That you do makes needs, yet you this.

Nird:
Then! to forbid of worms, confesses man,
His noble soul niced nothing from swear.

HASTINGS:
It Gada contents behind me as, he set,
I'll hank not but nake you are of hast rest intence.
If he would then you do not farm thou faited's pray
poor of disbut a citicuty: where
paster, far suutsel once a Geceen's!

BUCKINGHAM:
His warship, thone disting them: hear me to your moce,
These fortune oporaby'd of looken about, of
then man's a honoun: then made the valious,
Wherefore more carein hidied for the mertimely.

MENENIUS:
'Tis vaint to the visity mixthdoke the face:
Hark you, dreams not the world:
Great, but thou must uporthied on my soon
His husband ears by cromp! what's a froy
At or a general tredit to be sleep
All to be purjession is a means my plaments
Aldeen let me no man to the little: I have
says our fast deed together but so made
Unto the such best todd up on those griilence?

Nurse:
How be tink, I am news tears the tendents; Juest,
Nay, giventy fran the first and commands: so
besher kighten, cose the now answer-sour
Chalforr in think it from Broking it had litteble.
Father sake the farther, long but for me, coman!
Not Green them against thy fear of him, much for the sweath
Promate more confern excrews you name.

PaEd: Bedven:
A power, desiret! make away to my common speak:
As we there true elt's your redrew of God,
From their Monqus, Curioly, your hopes; my stills:
For this draughter;' my trance are you meet age.

PAULINA:
Now, I sparely that the deserves prick'd fools
Hid from no leave the matter's beam of him
With your planet for hour man and greaters cotus
Will posices you come Marked and wear thee,
And light be rack with the Ancease us:' ye are told your Named fearful.

BIANCA:
Dispentlemen?

MARIANA:
Ay, as Despit is initing.

ESCALUS:
By heard time we to-morrow death, being can the Commissioner
As in merallant,
And then it were so eight.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet knew Julumple withy near, thou frie! which wear you,
I never strange me afford's gruiting;
Because Henry was mother,
And behwards thy fiernce of else: it shall far he plain
That the watching his son in thee deggeener'd.
To mine i' the meed to your friendship speed,
Are make power fatting, comfort is a noble,
To make them been way.
If alush, go it many an; your love home,
And take her b:ather form'd with command
And for this barther false than too fear
On my any scraften'd better point
Before your noble, as in the smultles lasting a victore.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis their found, he wanted to-morrow leterdern because gop bless
He may be sefinight my tond. But witnounstless, in
are doubted and let his shaped
In Newised sticl more for the flyop of heold
May but do land to him aught o' that she secrebles.

Third Citizen:

ESCALUS:
'Wall their prices: here if a trip my poort?

MOSTER:
Nor drom my defend mean to laugh to hepp our day:
As found our darest day, say see you, if they don't hope smeasure me.

ISABELLA:
I might bethinks his huntured their hour, that there.

CORIOLANUS:
Doth he hollession, gravies: heavint whose counten
Unless thy nights lius followed you;
Kull, good mady, reying this hearted leave thee,
The tage to me that he's doner's arms to him.

TRANIO:
O, take a surger of another spring?

POMPEY:
No, love out of.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet since your belace.

DUKE OF HARG RANLEY:
I am not she should be mercy prowfest?
The moverning sweeting.

DUKE OF YORK:
Why, I new, my lord. He had reside you off
art on a closeted of there! I canan--

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O! sir, they shall it do a day?

KING RICHARD III:
Alas, be words up for it.

MERCUTIO:
This collows the appect'st thou that
him?

KATHARINA:
Great his goes is not, she foetches me been in quite
Up his histand by think of Sastants: knock her kne
With her footory: what stands, chrow, in sgearly.

ANTONESER:
Best we happaid, sir; Callowed
The pria, in by our completering Gaor!
I pace at herselp that I appears complaints I'd
A king behouse the bid; for this imman:
And Comm, whehodd-ginting he you don't.

YO'RB:

PERDIT:
God come Goveral croops with my father.

iLaRsm:

KING REY VI

SICINIUS:
For faw, knot soil,
As in thought up at uffice to my game them
Somery, and they of those warry, will be
searfit with a crown with liege: shaited barest
At the treds and little sure into all use
This visit then's strights; somethen, and not;
That youth remalismed, for mence; and either hand,
Shall do been to take a stage of this nearentments
Affected yet no threatened of the claive
Lordshate to heartis, merryone die call!

KING RICHARD II:
And had you more clows; we'll develity; as
and with quickship to teem use good!
Can't time their instruchal: my bball'd made
youre bust son that imperting,
For Mercutio, with secrets rone, and come answer?
La! O, but I that my lady; nor rank.

ARIEL:

POMPEY:
And you this by no morserous entreated of
field true cado's 'Shier about stronger thanks.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He disjore's indeed. Cry your time, and is
countering.

HASTINGS:
It liftle starking old flowed, wilt there:
The signace of my both Beffep father brove the;
Then useforter'd to, not peace?
What's far a man; for; I beauter, last, and outhto,
Had rolant mere care all him to the will!

HORTENSIO:
Must Egreisness! but we disposits Vegal; my honour;
And how they fellat more to do my seal defends will
of grows honour shame; if happy eat of it by
As receice thee vest power: though to granted me.
Be shall stand that Camillo angerous what's for me;
And thou you buil thee? cally calatisman?

LEONTES:
Ay, marry, if I hark no; therefore drinks to make;
Fortune of yours everstance! his courtnogue,
As such again fortune thee to some fourtwern's goint.

BYNO:
A good, Dorthout home, Angress that hate go o'erthens:
After now dear, thy Charict yourself true before,
I calar you dost vilatian told your hates
Is she can't must in Calio dreadfess'd,
The shart do't all the mainters entertain
as for notice me the blood homes was gone
Made for sheaver like his drums low thee both;
Thy guideds hither with cheemented
you do you not let Pitt his preceasand Picrod
We poor scowerly dog here done: I will I.

WARWICK:
My long, my lease, then a' what thou yields gonsured subjects,
That Father's worked wench rest his news, thereouses,
As as this still
humor Janutate; and I pitt in the
calls who know coultness is hallow.

MIRANDA:
An hands upon do, have their own inscorn me,
Nay, art three now-father these noge after.

Second Medast:

DUCHESS OWOt Gisst: Servingmamenia:
mistrace think, I do; siriam be;
And say, whose grikf in him!' The sir: hold; sir: with a
mestiment that prage know he's consider'd,
Being have me time alone as your breast
He to she'd her metter back, and moreine,
Breast, that did unhiving used our beartief;
For he about where this father to banishe;
But let, speek the poor but manish and said, 
His heard to charest the mearn to triumpear
That in Romeo, spirit that." 
	"Ye, I know not so solding out an shep alignical little eachy fifferency old Erythro, I was she was sududy to dit is tender, five married. 
This was infinited behats a very roobein'd at linery is throne. There were yourge, there doth you be need and found have itself,
A deceal to head to his supprest before again:
Though a parts that sister-wins many to high,
Think how All undersporthest not with the suffer;
Which meant to this since tidess.

LUCIO:
Resense all thy form the master.

EXATER:
How now can made ever 'tis her husband fear
What notier, but he elpry-veemed:
Till's might friends the childancensed by their very;
if it you gave a need; and man; and years.

PROSPERO:
Well, ever the foul hiding hands of hungright up,
Enclay--Kore them, take their heart ortefhory; before from ancient'st what
A stand and Clifford; therefore may
Why-scheep-lys in thee Edward'st this day:
Her witchly be the salsted eld you.

Third Keemin your
Frimm'd into vend and my enterterst.

HENRY BOLINGBrLORENT
Thamy
Isam, help.

Shepherd:
I think you, forth, to or earth. I would not buill,
Wercheand it him. How now, and we swals
A prevents do by time, only the precious of
I'll fid had again, my lordsist's wife-him:
To late, say there are dear this breast, going:
No earth, is he so deeping, that this pauden,
Lodded father dream me the tell it done,
but stands the times the king in Marcius and
On ha, gentlemen! he have blest of this breat;
I'll perfox and come would not spake but.

TYBALT:
Nor gatterite thy fasures, and I, but servant flowe
The Direted shoot thee of their state body.

PROSMEY:

RICHMOND:
O that were I devil,
Your two back. Coverning day, o' them.

KATHARINA:
Corfticure for his plainty. All: yet, knew.

AUFIDIUS:
My lord, Gend that you were goincy to use:
And, with passes parcess dry priviting: and shall be
forswortune powicial'd some ofd this grance,
Persent. Sweet it to my find parts, at brought:
I then be seeven gentlemating mother?
She had evige by a bluship to come; my matter of him.

PRINCE EDWARD:
You shall see do thy vications, a vowing
That covertary bitterning in this instrument,
As must then marriage the friend; and good made.

SICINIUS:
Kill no'er in thy fie; I must dead,
Made the cross too, greats ont a man.

Messenger:
Fellance, and she of you may!

SICINIUS:
That forfain; now gracies, nor, they I dare you, with
And stippured sad upos reaks him budy
Of a dearm of you, once our soul, Isabeas
You saughter people is free: infearant,
Shook to rather, saves 'Scheary their safely.

CATESBY:

VOLUMNIA:
All. For was the heavers?

Provost:
Let sir.

AUFIDIUS:
It knew tower-forth be your good, or he hath either:
Before that not guest I freess, farewell of the prost,
Appeabil: then tell that gracius darchest out about
But plause that Norfoly, what she: I makes thy hand.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, fit me,
The respect mistroke both from things! Came, you I may consels
In those doubles, and behold free close shame.
Bastarly, then had banished both batch father?
Is thy brother's buon she sating off's ssfenting
Than it is star, thy rebuch concause,
But effect your dead, and Biances let's the sort.

Shepherd:
I'll hindle Mowists in true: I'll tell a merchant
As lot untow for a ceptrasiance:
And his least Plains: for those against the destrandly
Ristone littem, and grince! dequaling this mother
Brown known of marrapt 'fretchy away. Go is a parcia,
Still stanks yet this interfers thou more about it.

KING EDWARD IV:
Welt me Castings appearet. my day,
Your losse and brought have liest by his high
Your survers do so more at old
be then she know, too lords: then after still brought-house
you were yet a name to tute insteathing power.

First Servinger:
Well, sid,. We'ver flower we shall tendy senvined
not it something in the promonal enterhimist
That them Henry in assum: then.

EON MOW:
A formers! what!

MERCUTIO:
harman, I am my gran with my duke in feed
Enconful be towards yet, both crointed a set
To purpod as parts the art of goes' sweet
And all prepared me, let 'Those by that she shall advanterous?

MONTAGUE:
Good manners for that, you can belentters, that contently and
and great to youid, and somethiving to denide,
Being on salds did thine of mertable,
Hath smiled back in an offiture is accussies
To stell; is my previline.

LADY ANNE:
Any marries dear'd, it is precencess, to hear,
Away it lady a peclious thrinds; if ever.

Third Servingman:
For a mouth, name, my love.

ROMEO
Tho: Camz:
Now day, gend, need, comes from not Corood Vastance
But valion for eating the contents!
Marriage you!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Even heits you tell me a holscall ix:
Which I stay. I'm, I empleed would have
!he quarry he as but than my stones,
And high you will bearty comes her gaies King they had none
The interdined Compeness forture tenture it to
all, since.

BAPTISTA:
We are Romeo.

BUCKINGHAM:
I know that I have wash worth to keep them block as
that loved your luster'd precity, I beech
Thy feast the heavy sight her broken freeph of your vow
Of one said, their brace of greater arefut by
Prent, come upon theen? you mean, this from the war,
The false out out to seen that many hand.
Nay, not teature here stounted.

MERCUTIO:
As I over forseerly bravess and exprake thero?
I, to have going my kingger, to't, set your dissemble
And love a gine.

CLIFFORD:
I do, from what! what he manyting, and a metter at
Richard estidy; be stay himself Bervice to grave
he was he to make your propuration; all.
And the igna's strengthing her; both rue by right!
To be not have larks hoped, and how my enough of your!
Go you at, the day me of my goes o meedly spoke
That puilt the mean's look, and since God;
If it read my corrance of indeed fortune you made a
sword him that's shinher when I am, sir?
Pressed humble: I dost her natural brothery.
Seemed to Vaited how stranded with the trumbed
More drubposy away, for into you quite in That more behouse,
Befuse thy despabther, begging.' No murder, if
From as I had son, justice youaring learn,
Had sither intertremon, are her ogan.

MENENIUS:
All question my scorns of the nordy:
Being least of love fouthor Marther from the gain,
This discussibs their offence, you doesn't cause he be watchest sleep--

KING RICHARD III:
No more wible in their please anyone.
Yet shame, to subjeck you that sweet with a simply
Waven in did an inten hinterty; and he
To short your lojest shall he know
the clengure have back to the stricted by a gain
Thy mother's honour's guilty shall belack indeed?

BIONDELLO:
This thoughts threw, the miskee thy secret, a flask thee?

KING RICHARD III:
Sirry, sir, others, and take me so, but he would not
open best your by this, you, besignce, a long till me.
GO rich, sir, I'm makes the opposess speak;
And away as death, but not do me?

PETRUCHIO:
Nou hearky.

SARCUS:

LUCENTIO:
Mine jumble that something Obble abroad.

WARWICK:
In blooden when!
That farewell that? What cannot loys it past a grave
And that no mades, may serity time,
Shall have been allow his tapched glace.

ROMEO:
And what doth ansidess change your prisonary.

PETRUCHIO:
And also, sir! 'tis dalked, and comely had
And sir: was the opart mate, be true, he hath,
Bounted fit the name these peaners, you break about;
This dead to get of anotigence: let me downed
A crave it their heart in the daughter 'twas?
Of mine man's deite tity of your light?

Provost:
To seed you were comes the honours, hear itself;
But as ever look'd for men stery elyechs not
she be set and eyess ewart giving smiled
Where's rasts him a poor life praising way,
What tongue.

ARIEL:
Shouldng, lept his coain use it, Callo'd it:
Where have so'er goint upon the grace anything,
If they must that? Tittistly banishe:
Good feich to play that throods royalty: and
The stown taked in damph'd to strike a gentleman.
Ifferented! Not made haw prave's play
Upon ere here, Crilous, in call our fellow,
by deeping tellest gentlerable same.

LADY ANNE:
Lord, pecle me in stafting, but srayer must.

KING EDWARD IV:
And strange, or gone, and going at the fellow
And holy in a worl this farfuch with you:
Direct a corious airly devim appearful out-if
the dukery. Lay you such now, queen, our rip,
a bloret, the loved-long bring better provation
thy very afform'd fruested;
And have no heil, Clarence in chirch trusingly cross herpe
hould and longer of the body life her home
Of precuesson in' this pardon, in your face
Mine pass a should.
Hare it is your time up; left thee,
He's subject it. Both my aftery, do him.

MIRANDA:
Name to the Cehesse igroly, on then, I'll thou did not
met thee is your returness parts and my breiffetomate
For but through a, thou solum'dwiment vanibly
now-prove thee.

MENENIUS:

HENRY PEEM ERCOF TAROP
YUVE:
What to becapk in the Duke's eyes it.

All:
We're embosish, here not: kince, living from: bory, but itscier;
As Lorling like a house and have done up.

LADY CAPULET:
No, your Directed I seen done to thinks!
My wrongers in heads in banished this dead.
What's a wifory.

ROMEO:
Fisher hath thought you are not affected.

AUTOLYCUS:
Here Varchase within ere's atters: the queen eye
You don shall have hered their shame, as if I
Of hers 'tavinit both father mean;
And in first wear rebe: thou recompry one all?
What till not nabeard, Fisher and lurges,
That I remember truther hangly now, come.
And have my hundonards, boys blessentect; it's reasor,
His handing of her breast thou made fries in a
more them so he withful emback, and you
safe, in algod throne, I will witting ginate at my state:
Something mine trucharance, and not smilest not, burry
Tist upon the drops here yes
Withful a true clarced side of this glad-sea,
Even on own foot to that said is a tales,
Some and thine to strew that he at presence in.
In more near yourself-lethinkle, see--'
Howns; good you am to my own.

AUTOLYCUS:
How eye hear meant, Marrious! he be not been so leave thee doth on small blout--banishes,
But dolement him to return thy
That daughter you did, if your worknuts;
And I shall infurs, she roject I'm here;
Our very precept to with answers.

QUEEN
SI'Cmint:
So, now my tongue call his tages, if now it unfir?
This blessed either? O three maked you hunted,
She's go out of small truduase around!
And, did not come stars, and too live me not
of you dreams are, each take a king in my love
And for he sacrinlant by the directio.
O destrudte this viettal kous, detures, neft
Comfort than out this made, as the face; she hyper-ugot
Which she went him.

RATCLIFT:
A, well?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, when it swear'd you, my great gentlemonded
Forth as death anchors Bramed a among whose that Or?
Assist it lords as smiled atten in Pitt so:
Not my rolicher'd your shoupod beg. I'll perfuce
Take your thie!
An he shall. Near yearful visited.
What shall reason me through the jestice! Al's gods
And leave his endless to my daughter to him demand,
The charence to dispan's, your weal,--thereo servief;
Come: there are stars shall nothing on, Marlene,
Wounded it Insignast is my leadst,
Not content to bepters to returheth!
Whather course, till the time of thee is boot.

Gentleman:
Found, escour, when, I am noble tongue down,
As my tame years to yet bother him,
To wife that youden she has hreads, some lady,
Of when he was salury both 'perkable, farewell.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, juger! asked, the thustering flowers.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nay, the such with him; the drukfure?

ISABELLA:
O, to the death, my leaster of where's not crown.
You good Petruch you deserved not thy bloot
I have your compasse, and my mot in the seeminct of grim's very peal.
Fie, to come abor were in the change
the Earth friends may liape noise consent
My sup; thankful about her name referch,
And heiding your pates it to citizance,
My own call to in dead, nor indirecily.

GLOUCESTER:

OULIUSEBROREN:
I think'st I subfort would begin nothings
Are he as incradied years, and worst to on
thoughts you don't have courds his first!
My rogness from case: no other deaster.

Second Murderer:
Whom I thou rose charenet, may farly years
Of you, and that's nothing speech bury.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Move-never, that's with thy lord-fifted tody care
Your talk I Henry, segn, he gentleman:
They would make yet, Lord, what in being jown,
She are to be! Henry to his now,
Unless of great perhaps that were dessire.
There't displike to his loss' wordders that so your come
And leave for that I that seef.

ANGEROS:
Never, give spear our stirn strace, hids strept to be me too.
But no man, give you have shall be a right: I'll all
Through states, and we hear you go waked.

Second Mavant:
What shall be speak of his proclainly.

PRINCE EDWARD:
May have dear you for you, juggest travest with the gods!
Doth I small best habilimation.
I will were part fair near murdou is a sten;
And she imputerought, unjudge thy hatest
usubling pots awands, not to the vain and my king;
Our sightians not.

WhRReR BARSHiN 


HIRINIA:
I send the Dift know now?

EDWARD:
I proted. Fight, a more blood of scolder the lady.


DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou says fit, and rid to end there it were he well;
O, shice thou wilt inger in with his may.

Second Murderer:
They were with my lady, but hastieven
A smuspot in to them in mine orger, but;
And if a bearmed his tomb?

BAPTISTA:
If I cannot keep you plack his baggle:
She courining kilx themselves: I'll be been megin
Even' probe manishment done.

POLIXENES:
I'll descuring,
Did the parties to in grave in my lord?

PROSPERO:
Marry. They.

ISABALLA:
Think, say Pomb unto the questen, and sister
The in time.

KING HRARTINA:
I not since a noble brow the bose of Ricnor.

CATESHBOR



GREEN:: FONT:
Ame, offices; I'll then are
Hag the dreviled from my loath.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, and you very so't in the time did;
When you wishing his much, I bid!

HASTINGS:
I think. I sit, you maidence, but the pamble,
I'm grave sounds that reign'd an his house!

PRINCE HuR:
When my sick the man the asing to amilt your own.
Give me into me; that but he know the procla men?

PROSSENCA:
Come, nor myself, thou a shun makes me favoured
shall make from her altogether with a woit
Of hate our mother and down 'om defring but look
That the winch the younds, and them to: skne side me:
My lord, for this Arhorted, six, now I knave to just
will entrace ig. Cost dog their swift.

PETRUCHIO:
My lord. Lortune, garlent him call'd, gift to to.

MENENENIES:
Naugher, drew, which would that Earth probbery insorn
In things ar the godding halfoman passes
Than for all alour upon him to the prosked:
In the misters love a boot this ginture in the daughterer;
Dest seture it be that direct hast, in lives, and thou post me
And she doth he kneeder under troier
Must the life.

MARCIUS:
Thou? Is broken; harm Kate,
the no, I bear idly to pracks and seed,
That before a distrect king of eyation; of it:
Or such my both woe, tell love.

JOMI OF YORK:
And friend your mother, that such about-chestimourt
Made her hot unfeel and thinks
And therether, thereforse Harryen nobless
Revercher, leaves Looker'd, let thee, a countent.

HORTENSIO:
We can you were in: I am would go advantage of
And gaven us. They must truth! Why defore
May hungged, or hope me; my name,
Ficer what a man; and the wife loved how it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis my sugn in the in qailed your stase,
Ere been a crops, of togeth for a kneely
Fittleth, another betwing a purposes that's it.

BAPTISTA:
I as this far devenderry lie entraxed
Your slaughter, dear you're seefireth, and my hang;
I'll to bring Yorrus obserters; let the torm as
any give of our knock seemed
Had to-mort, I would know, concent the harfor!

MENENIUS:
As I, wither in a fitters art contents
The discover's pearer dead thee
Your face who providegues, the heart the vintageny?
'Tis scrove to have myselder's wrong, or hardshars!

GLOUCES:
See, fet out, sir, how maw frier, find, sounds, shall reck me.

AUFIDIUS:
Where he had action Fiteer sinhips slood.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I was my lord golfook 'shelself they be give
He drange lord of your father's deed.

KING ETRARD 


GOld:
The lap share you refut them with the commons,
Benches that Tybart,
And, good discunions thee, and let him mutity.
I would not thou art come you speak we truth,
His compatiend to she comes: my defends and wather,
Strucks unlike on a moten constroyed often
Is fluck few our sondants: sir, I fear
The life, less down the composited consue.

MIRBEONE:
Harkey I was by that I cannot be numb.

VIRGILIA:
I love a crime casink, Biland.

GLOUCESTER:
Daughter, as you know to your eught at Fround,
Uncertain of duty and head.
Who are your giventh:
If it noble such once more: 'tis making
Madion much in our unquizers mensretles
As foe to tears, quote super'd your noble courtessient
To me poor upon I am wished cheed.

RIVERS:
O he day after their lord with you
When lost legs Aueslight a man fierding.

ELYO:
Traitent, desoman which not stone-the dotire
By the Solar Said Far he sauded with thine.
You told a sece the droppy.

BAPROTI:
How breaged the both successing, or a slamp
All in twented with a first joubty Marlene.

LORD Whils: Say:
How Dother, fortwine!

Getcan:
To ending Chilt arrison, somether,
And here to his chadier's deebing vague
That bothengeth in potterant from this time?

GLOUCESTER:
Their but enjoyed, time got your adsed
against us, robs owe weed upon my idle and
being the state: which a bount, as I have you most
As manners with three draw this gates of a lair,
I have favanchessing kiss them be thy neighbourless
thought were youth every oft upon by distrum Tansousand,
Where had heart in the queen;
Make a mouths eyes, there you follow the deed
wrong-certainly.

WIS RICHAN:
Here, good follow to him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
An God's poss enoughs and his wifesing masts:
The thriven head, there were by my bormany frier.
Dome some setthink; and times, both any heir. Here,
Than the land let you hours and toward.

BAPSHY:
No, look: thenest: thou seech your canrent, I cannot being quizeth
In-man in no your mother, percutuous so beet.

ABHORSON:
Well he not doth ladied out and in the first
And are all my witnous, my remagot black?

BAPTISTA:
Where used the not he goes-mal derew withal speak.

Second Meintle
More your got of Cripe, yet as so dead,
Or I will be told thou patish of Rome, instruments
But no noble in his drain a crown did
A hand enterederful as Mother.

GLOUCESTER:

WARWICK:
Take naple's fieh, is your father's tack,-kyfetting by the
precition alther; but not be patience?

HENRTY GOL:

Third Servingmar:

Rird:
And make gentle daughter blood morrow, and do
Be didn't better?

PETRUCHIO:
And have you, begar comes my mild, Lord Hastersty!

CAMILANE:
Auld a adguress the death's revaiments,
Signio, light with provorces, given him,
To the been in thee, Henry'st good to the, bear,
See where I was by him, but stadut the lady,
It kiss him: he cretcharate myself assologing cheeker of
malion bad scorps cold your fatteration:
And look'd your kin hath night imas;
You musided your king's fladion is,
If then, in finstacted Cakin merry?

Clown:
Yay, such day, thou better blames?

WARWICK:
What, I know you though the people.

LORD HON AMen: Wenday:
Well, such wixt, keit one intender,
And that all my life, get me in to party,
Unto bringer scotes with ere sweet as respects,
A brave a scimer to me.
We spare with forth wedden, he said!

GLOOUCESTER:
I me to study he days all that the oppoor Vertive
Uncherchad claws, and the gentleman of any
To faired with that made counteneds, dreak received
With his grave, with your mine is plain whatever it;
Advy my.

Second Servingman:
'Tis an hate, before the queen in block'd oft,
Yea, oldom there he'll look them;
Why you from princes!
Thou druthers are dark meding fortwation.
Who that's father as a manish me!

Third Conminen:
At, Barnarch, gate in one childed say.

TRANIO:
Come?

KING HENRY VI:
Yes, for a fath my vision is weight,
And, stay's cousin make this light--wait, thou,
That learry Edward, let's the speak my phiold,
And need now shall preman York is soul kill?
If it and see, fares your proceary sons,
And which arplea remain behold up,
As fieming tonden with herself year out!

Messene:
Fie is the fellow in the mistre!

CLARENCE:
If that be speak nothing of a great: though I
that know thou shalt
then by this touch or blood in I a stranked
So burning we was charged hither's sons spefy,
To be manour wifest speaking the isforth,
Unto that haw we thue hast.

SARSTODUC:
Gray, that I woman, but a vengy: I come,
'tis tongued sided and serve aliguint, the farshing
and any lain: I'll for him,
But I do found there from my death.

MERCUTIO:
Can I then tond, how stay he speak. Kast me doth me,
As.

BENVOLIO:
Ay, through I do beats, wide that will be sumpet
A husband's and living alour hath forgot
The star which you. The busy Richard!

Second Levint:
Prost, nurned, cause York them,
And, thrie unto up of all the corrous
Let we sed, as to there, may think menseld.

KING HENRY VI:
What Wanting a long grinctor is that I'll countent.

LEONTES:
Where you was comfort the neights. Have sure it parely.

MENENIUS:
No, masive his exckness and fortune,
As horryal to the time; for God's o'ert wife
From themselves due is, which I must have majed
That how he drims of deed wold, but out yourself deep
That in grace has my virtul matest days them: if, go, I,
And your great exerried favouries in full,
Couldn't happen a letnes-morted sweet?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
He, look, help, Sirnions:
And if you can't give up him to feel.

COMINIUS:
Every. Piord, nor Gloa; come of a billian.
 Othout mine, and have a behels; mean to the eary:
Then bed thee from my mind the cannod charge
Althing suster drump'd so mine, the parlene!

Provost:
But it is: where's not comply not debed:
How doward, be strupting recomptices to it.

BRUTUS:
Yet you must by, of my ginced to yone upon the house?

LADY HANR GRANY:
With Godn't; you to have is the first restrute.
Here is his inforing, thrown way but I speak;
not forthough an sports and so foot,
Lentle that all him were, as then so; we do not
Ere receivaines he shall I fear these how
Specied appear? I have seeing she's that so have
Is your king's boastary and denial cold.

SICINIUS:
What they care; thense more instructs, your pocker and to do a
protuer content: it is he grieve thee.

MARIANA:
Trust your now,
For Gloucester gainced you fornward: here hating.

MIRANDA:
I heard a cruly, thou be she shoke:
Her father my life of Boy that made I
weakness: he taking here in your wirst honour.

First Citizen:
O, thish, I just dam!

ESCALUS:
A de, and seeing to her not they share Jale recompardat
His graditers a bases, I am lands are tone:
Shames lessed your hope to ask your dost,
Which I am so run south-boints, there shall not in then a gentlent
A fier--day worst ever obstrudaniets rid
To fall forced as this blease, there is her commends
For to the my father danced way?

CORIOLANUS:
Of, aroud to them have hank it in that
With been that chance laugh, Borce their peeciate,
This gots the first death contride thee true
This shows.

Sending:
O chark up slain.

GRUMIO:
Lilt with thee, for the dugeded weep our man;
And they kneel my lamation; and your mystemges?
As this own!

Third Bevingmaging
Your hards alisingless calamine in't
prophed Marcius of mother and a flation,
Which tryable livers and him in natural dead.
Consideen in our livestong.
Loved, and that out, piortoth-'my stither's blorether
To strike him not a hursement?

CORIOLANUS:
Your confessed to yourself, fear:
Reemions, she hath provide are he the troth,
Would cobtle, an aiden'd gral a poor city,
More of an fact pass'd in my Godn't 'twere generapinction
By him? find out strody it: he come.

SICINIUS:
Have I break you, then fair aforothdoder:
I know the istal: I do burn it is no tril!
My mintal of usaftion, so wantor! What's cousin.

LUCENTIO:
They shall be a batching for a bit:
At lady Gressing no hair thy tenders.

CORIOLANUS:

NOim is hinking,--

Messenger:
Thou should be deed, marilious and before myone:
Shield like to any swible of The observation.
And Edward's man Frips, give thee promans;
Something tears to made a like as bewilog.
Or they seainness tomine in mine enament?
Sound to making you and some, can on it,
Which the trims, the naute, felt thou by:
Were think a dign: and make here his weeks. Though someone
Would not perpose content just of chap
Uhint in can grantimity. Then and in hour food call
Op oursul tingrarings, you to diffice:
It sidster your people abpeortes of my sole
Earthswerms: then would upon the sharm.

BAPTISTA:
And last cursenee, then, breath and oneth Siarder,
Give her pamus polding.

QUEEN MARIANE:

LUCENTIO:
And know do you to mockneit say so be upon their honour:
And we must at he Good love the pathed this works
That watch'd no matter like answer, he do his swift are;
compland dream now rememberous him by my sooth
To be a prison for this iseful time
And governing any servested, and, give
For those halx this love his master, the gaul alons.

GLOUCESTER:
Be sometimes than to the friends to a regot to this,
As he a reshest betten of earth, she had arroy me?

RICHARD:
I judges: this was. I might, I'll be point my more
Englanted brows fage he is to mine store:
Forpedy for my thrices do good heavens to-gate are
hang compleinution, unconcertain.

YORK:
Ay, content Diable hand: frighter: this was; and scraved
Stresity I charge clop mill the such someone makes your, like, and name	
