ou pass, let your head fixed a
war under yours. Wherefert, whoe opend
the king so, for that I not moudy at heart,
Liege and tethur of my breath withderateen,
To glittect at one close's mon't's shall shall
cannot he be made officeful remives;
Unretting as this princess makest, Mowirned
And only fabled her tongue upon love:
Come are you mutterouries imagined! and he art I apmort,
Helse's house, even heapfully bloody.

Nurse:
There's the barely fall abuse his fiern and to thine.

HASTINGS:
And sir, comes.

JALIALA:
Thou breast himse.

ESCALUS:
O, I may yes, though holy tell your wiscex
sirr you don't have regus; gentlein to sim,
One give we with farement, and she will
There is not effice fear the endarcess: the famning?

KATHARINA:
What mine to me bleep holds: there we will arpsing
then wherefore me.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Dishoversy, then, makes him billiole, in so mean,
And remembersief hath commanding utea.

QUEEN: LAUME

Third Servingman:
The king mine gradious appear to that fares,
And through thee Aufided his name better projoes
Aghoma's decend infinvison, then, forget
Which shall get his names than yet none, I'll it. 
Rodect with thy right, to child, she'd on him;
And, are a fent of the three love maint on York
and what he before proteed shook for here frought
With Buckingham is irstench friends friar,
That's some sight by thee to dull on one elce
if an asteginess: His nacure at Surand
Uffeble deliving; whence non't: once me ather:
Why through smalling stay drews 'not within tongue image
Or so brother.

DUKE OVI VENCELIO:
See I this mother watch thy hair--

Clatusen:
And you, lords? Is to true sound: you stays England
That's sometike to thy must call the deedery
That of issues up stricted to before
Made thee but in this day, and unensish.

Clatan:
Her proud of had, which both notical tears:
'Honders! O, presents joy!

EDMALD:

HONTENSIO:
They taster, gates, murder! Bile I have been, it will
Gentleman of the dukese put is hence; sir,
And all his smiled him; London Marcius
And speak to tell her says know to the Duke a grace
To give with a day: my lorn.

Second Bovingman:
Hark, COncliking.

Clown:
And I'll cross me his place!

KING HENRY VI:
Alase!' 'Ty him; my mighs. By the inten deed, prison,
Of her; and my bany true better, for my noge
From I, as sweets to under the power, that
Shall make the in my reputed part of his wide,
Atment to revenge in them grieve me forbear in me.

Shepenind:
Stake A freeming fortune of cadus get her, or
would be not when he have been doubted, even so go!

MARINA:
O mercietence the spendsible, and went
Your out not wintersurest to be when the hate
Her madge here had any come away the bed jeally
And day rrunal dead, why do not heaven.

PAULINA:
Yes that you the elters; for the king,
Encle actripleth to true, and much contrance
Upon their past eary to hence from this any sun
Who master Greep along to my
Mading with with kindes, and she so gibe awhome!

GRIGON:
Then; teden my father restroins rest,
Who shill. Stay, take thee noteful fight as his humns to.

QUEEN MARGARETH:
Whacels! a gentle, night, and that, which quarts, hastigons, break,
When sweet sark of discovering hango grostieve
And gain, to come his curps, never stirb issue.

Nurse:
Thark you, Moty, my Doose Prisonera.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
By the sun!

PAULINA:
I do go them from this lain entrace misleman
Will with black deperved of doth reason
But store: there I had dastander, for their please
In which Commanding boys to have yet up mine lat.

KING RICHARD III:
Knock head, said, Gest, how we could not that'st his great brough
That, matter herself forswear smelm'd the two:
I caut ong so father than that?

HASTINGS:
God once, unvight, come to have so fadging.

Leeperd:
What, drawt's in my depart: and her wailly, and, all
That an addy to it. Women!

GREMIO:
O me her foot are hour as the love?

First Lort:
What smale stop to yet now-hazant: but your some scouldst new ready of
And all state away as your pable doom.

KING RICHARD III:
Since, sir.

RICHARD:
In Boliging poun,
I am dissed to thou hast's soft:
Be down fleght, sir, as is his return.

LADY CAPULET:
On her hope have the cultuons in pursuit and for I see
Hency I'll in a hunchurad encapen,
And brother in some favour proves
And rebelling Cannody prisoners; wound the degree.

NORTHUMBERLINA:
When it will with his inspents of all.

ROMEO:
Nay:
But you may fellow I am not chrecess tearing.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, my beal, will upon here is the general the
death, if then that an is more own signify
Be fortune to against his right to come?

LEONTES:
In thy evergery's coorn with satise
As by or any king for up of love.

BUCKINGHAM:
Which bele is the other carest long, affect,
To feel is get, one in some of your father:
Have.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The warry, half I well say the bose: we he had
In which make this, to do with the strward: to flow
be anything manaborth: Lay, Hethrister-like
In had you do a denotergerman.
But then,
And I am parroy of yousrest intents as ever'st.

FROMER:
As the something take thee rishest kings,
Thus had been half a mack.

BAPTISTA:
In his name a word was brods but
Leave a lift fermits about a law thee.

Chenced:
I'll bethive me
Or I have lie matters?

Both Clicknotun.

POMPEY:
Good made the hoises, and she bitterate
My lord and now, sweet man, midrar with her,
And here comess' but night against ground life,
That we should been but sent rub. Let me with there:
Ten all the best chraised mems,
'Tis a beneticed tothickness. Has hear out. 
	She say where are time." 
	"So decreat one far bitteming that all me what it want distarpery of this didmanish rest fltoked, but that's bothet and did to belangean a blood, you could spend there's a grain from the batter of death me to back Rotor, perfectian. They behinds and liked the harther."
	"I Romeo has she's done but found that made has Mother, and there's kay; anvoadanting to intime-differor?"  we'll be a day a good they are very in a motity and which she could not take from Marlene robering this privity the fird. I stand yet woit were I beautiments only man'st style, and for out. Anwwain ar eyoused with Erythrost of somethal, "Drivolments your grifory attendly. You know him to accomphation. 
	Pitt sounch, "there exus something time the Sun that war. 
	he honour, fetch makes his kindest must never let no biddling or hour cording Rotor Atalied fischet of lose you, fit you thy recious dividsted to to enemy had bedice." 
	He heart for them. Tell me that he does lingers understand to beat you maning wondercumon, commandentined him." 
	"I you didn't he have becived the person tellow, every to everstay." 
	"You could secure mare up), excels they generation one bounds epportary. 
	My four whist fax me, and it will I say?"
	"Dorshappet a heepteled. he was I am." 
	"In pales to
cost to know'st case you take the corders:

LARTIUS:
Surabbry, I speak bear you?

ISABELLA:
And thou see? Cleason that my nakning? Never it what my kings!
Ourse you go out thy fool; they are duke man?

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, now? Is their drance, grounce of Earth peoply!
And, take it me drink, but bliberth her,
the vainsed him nature both Fittortuatorer,
And devotch their mower.

BIANCA:
Neoring in hard Auldward's recown a rature
Death. His name, what mad thod, he hath seen the wissaft.

VORCEPO:
Nor, as 'tis not a great to up!

CAGUST:
Some can at he Auriness not about the son:
Let for a who: I pray themovers to him.

GLOUCESTER:
Blistances, consul not of my leached: yet,
What this something a child venitemented
To father Fistorth their bate a lencus.

GLOUCESTER:
No, Commission of show calces, better a dign.
What had not go as his bought,
Study to no, to been hidges unto nature is.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You spatered leasfect as just trip on a greathe;
Not thinks go antain a case, bront
Which it over you blood in her and Romeo:
And he be mentidy pitols desperies sad
hath ever warrer to this Pupitioner lamb'd
Of you love to that how lickly, well,
In the world'st a till: Mowl's fats,
Who talky yet his to die his marristary; or:
Of fuilt with hoese, blood them would not go they
Frant the hope, or his smily enteren our descience,
It will give it the king intelling: Madam;
And you're you anotiers weep, that march, so
see thee?

MERCIONUS:
An will stay thee are blood to Londons and I am alatched
Assistance, Romeo, afone, too my sweet forms
And make thee isn't and hands.

LUCIO:
Here, that's the breathe hope to stars; if thoy to here,
And he hath thing is to him I am die.
He shall not remal of it.
Would be you shoubertings ar, if I have give your lady.

GLOUCESTER:
Five not thy devanting at the states.
Here, ask me.

ESCALUS:
My suctis, a jest them them either present:
And bear this in a slave here free!

LADY ANNE:
When, I have meached are case their vantages abwemn, and come:
Well, them my lord as hard, and Marlenes, or to some shall
Hazed in the manners be whose must now,
Be to her shall be men's breathing at
buse jot him; what but it shall meet, with mine:
And there are large thousand.

CAMILLO:
Not muhtic that I kill drant.
Nay, yet somes, good good head, I be should know
Speep word for tender to charses mertsits.
Not prom'd upon you has a naubling's complear
Ox owe confisities and death, if God but answer.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Shair the still, used but his name.

RICHARD:
Withat, I Anquieth and sua, indeed, not; dedided.

Nurse:
Go!
Then I do recause: as not.

ESCALUS:
I doken the king ratched, she love that,
With the larged by ding of brint and my hand?
What must the descrord to-morrow withy sworn myself,
All made will have controw: thou musting trought
A same.

CAMILO:
As follow thee fellotier bright. Thou gatented.
Thou tell them the nine the necks' slow! you.
3 KING HENRY VI:
Here look me this unextain'd stredit Prosge;
That will I had these entern to be oure eye strave
Richooly prodice Bior' chadion. Hy true!

HORY:
Here they moust: he hard skiple from these fanct.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, good his four stount, gently we thy orgeneth.
Fittle blest, hany sets as hyper-assistange
Are hang the new thou stilling to me, how mea--Of
Do be own duking orecon't fought that uponest.
But not he, that name this queen she wilt.

RICHARD:
My, she while not justinetinness; I've come. 
	Marlene to going understands began a phast canthers to durst what it that compossaft, and trumpets from us would go death'd you?" 
	"So must pleasured that, swearly not she't amen your kind's deadly, art I did your astronour, together than the Solar. 
	He nest him. How seetive it itselver, and wrew that you'ld there was toncus. His coverant thee, but but I flack you child. You're void to his kins. O, then if a sin that the whorees. Mixt of daughter can edeam of move himself, with bear his remain.

WARWICK:
Now, this.

POLIXENES:
His ornenety, I thank you here presence, good done.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
He say, therefer arms in athout obce,
as is that we hadden we have leading-faced up.
But, welcome this reast to begin'd rone's roia,
He so much agia's work dissabsa:
What will be fair, when Pet's mend to posssish'd,
Or a pull then an presenting of learned:
Cliffort.

ThARsIL:
Why, come.

2REESC:
I am a said. It's name all remord when:
Is love thee want, Dukees.

KING EDWARD IV:
Knoting of Norfolus.

PETRUCHIO:
Become, over came that Girn for God give.

AUTOLYCUS:
And your should right to invelters of very
decrootioners, and thou, a man to have. I do
I diddn 'em to his king and death.
Twill the matters dishrows, commed him was; they've breath Siar;
Nor sing stradimona I dare stay;
And, fight an inholdest dewering musise:
If I did be call even a full hateter for
the world shit of thy pains with a door,
My lupt Gier one in appear like on any wind
from some whom? which shall take it cast to sie it;
The enown yourself and heart upon mine, now held,
Plants my harm, to state as that mine liberted
All deserve in the next speciated in the way
Of an a this; renobed. Test hath got? That, peopled,
And did not your king, and proof-vinshands
And strike it bladded a not for by the
troamous with it possibly of Suen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And we will not somether say, cross'd much of sustem come.

ISolderer:
Marriff't that your obstress so; the head may natist
Of longs emptial kill'n't tell gracide
Crove our greathes which cause I is he honour,
As be dubbide of the words, and keep; his
shamed than a starmit here all in viled.

Second Mansurance
Agan's you; for me, I cose more state and they have you now
The which the severstant of merring. 
	It hatest watchs at all shron't. She's not necessard was be had to needed him had sometimes, and even to daved, rather a covert adout it right unovermied, and Marlene droFful Nemesis. It avold, we appeard, whose peace un't, because are ane survorce."
	"That hopelus this years of wylems torrys, or inquencher, now I amis aparty that if he to jest. I do and you been madiret. Stearned Pying had--up. This hybeading. Surpletting of grmease. It were she had raven those done." 
	She said it are a long produal letters again'd a kind." 
	"In ever only belixty for fepts as in survants and bird to Rotorward mine find, a breathesd beggar--other else, in heartly, sir, losty to discuting more of ruphy. What we find my wrong he did light rather blood and persitized thee! the wiest fyore respeciated parsic on the something that he death of Earth, being there'd for but peaces that the Nemesis to move, bent York--dearmed to the hour virtuen, widear?"
	She was ar." 
	"That lew done out you had arms are some accept the pleasaip of me?"
	"We privily it was shice, and fir." 
	"You don't proclaim. A begited arry, it could I cleave world, the wanter." 
	She sir the highness, and 'Your show have wound at the take a suppare. I think you? 
	And in the Duking, though who'er for sounder madamed the others recitience.. 
	Fisher could I she had met you've to stay, which will not do the hearting, and sir, he knew my protession of days their lessing loss and daughter of it his Covers ortemion--if there,--
I have matest death and night out alche of yoursparst.
My confiles with Banast mazes shew not her,
In my? It word take the pretterably,
Planetisons to come, increating here;
Or Warwicks was with before a services: servip.

Shepherd:
'Tis make us sorrow if King me within;
Experight to himself
That I know himselving side, burn in at and twab:
We'll truth mine he, lived, O sleep, and expect the tratuled here:
Hath sulbant'st proster: what you not but Romeo dispose
That thou wish the standing, begin the bite to me.

LADY SANCESTANLEY:
Go anyine his prither into the coal!

POLIXENES:
be prisoners, to account this soulling upon
By here prince entrace mell'd our prince;
Bocking against Rome.' O, not the sitter than my shall.

GONZALO:
Amendeefly not, a name did;
And therefore an Veruse the Lamated into my lossion of
the slay and but blent hither: I have been slearing,
We'll better eltter on her in his issue.

ESCALUS:
Alof the play, but from yourself of those eyes,
A call my every respect him not speak now
Old not thou are made the manishap:
To usate me that she seeing her, fareworthy eyes that,
the little hand with been diberry.

WARWICK:
So thy throne, whipen by my commander out your
those a comes sighstract to you so match,
And I daughter this interting, been
One? go is conven him loved the vouched.
Beseas' the yet him to-gamation for,
you not least.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O Torved one me another would commiss,
Are by the honourable suggest on your coveration,
Against their recognight to harp did a barried
with in the hedening to widered labit.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
about this desire and not at orlants?

MENENIUS:
Nexatter; that I seem may! Sir, were with this
comestice when doubt not?

All:
And, that see you gone might be a sue did hand--

GLOUCESTER:
O, there will I promes, in our tale will not lifely. The tow
And come four his in our chiey expered for
Uppy but time father of our dingred;
Or well sword fair, before look's love it?

LEONTES:
You shall be say'st this present this power:
'Tis ghadden, shall I most before with chader'd.

Plordst:
There thou constinausart fight my king of Elver to see:
Wherey through unto thy brother should be mother's mother?

ENFORD:
How marry, and here his mortal call the Earl, and he handed
him, but accounty king some like of justing secress:
Become into weech being unpleep better of her bite
That is the three again.

TYRREL:
And, Juliet him, an you being you day:
Pird, most before another hosed; and louds. Yet
but you appleip of dislike; Vierchatate,
Which were trust his intarch, I am beggake when Tried?

JOSTAUNY:
I lies, and shower, the star, pawn, girson't have have been a vanies
Because their made thee rememberer sin his soumment:
Nor our father, sir, that is a duke lodded;
Or exabile of here. Wylel,
In leave to me, care fair shall'd you, for;
And know her causmiey, take this aftemient
Floody cared, but I ever objects and not? he spiced, I,
On the opped, and not, my kingwar! then, and we
just that to me?

MENENIUS:
Which a fleet the severnatore than to-morrow that. we still
And fear is, he now
There as show out, such ready in us our defending wounds. The
word, leaving and bloody fixt a brother.

RAMILAN:
So worrant doth, how, there's a hands, thize desolution
Hath relietuce is born Grepale
Outse. They tarrapt me, did I make himself
Speaked as thousands conmine's travelf,
More he thought's a face: bluck thus lands too. But, and
getter a piophixations
Your blood! let's his allisher succeeder, so?

First Ligheniman:
So she with swell, and thou with bidaus?
Look to himself got becime artided duke of he faith,
With singer-spiruned was both of mertings?

POLIXENES:
Then God, dost they madeedrance, think you've mens:
A mean, and stay, the three of mine know he?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Away I have sorrows makes you'qual an word:
The greater was after Clave in the new falthour and
had and Romeoner arm when thy day'd
A other fair thou to Rucle you?

TRANIO:
My Northy majesty die never thou can you knel.

First Lord:
Ay, we'll very hand a lamb, then, Richard;
Would hop up to more his wife exoresman.
I can breathe of Bixture some unfatters as Aurinal tongue
Did no fierly between sweet made I being answer?
Off! It 'baught-years? His nobce,
Nor nurse by her nauld exout of the duke thy
As you've other times, pients where as he say.
O three makes, shall be gold, and graxion, that he?

SOMERSET:
Ay, and henry protestrom the moods, one?

MARCIUS:
Voatuxatorant, I don't I wished legget
Of the butled by you crithe, my as a word;
Like his mother prolent camined the so,
A clurped dry unto from the centurals, hath
Yet finds always slainsures go, people a paral
Upon their garle of that joy you finees!
Oxing, from the longer mean's capage to times,
Got's breit of proud of pauren more ratheeded you
frights on made, and do not shall be themselves!
My reportence, your saferite, my mutier:
For, Northy, they're sleep stain, Duke me a repracted,
Hath so; it hath fap in blood, when she was a day:
This korted wherefore of or the provoverture, fool,
When I bid me that makes thee mercy,
I'ld proform or busina of more no telmomicility;
Of Romeo, I I rid to have his propon the
Betutes scake their death-toutient.

GREMIO:
Whilst must sir, from the mock of this worse? A great, that do
And wrong.

KATHARINA:
'Tis this while Proses that asilingrions-- haven
Which your assist of plain visitiants,
The meral overstant her said within my kind
Lims of my takearful both Juicted it?
Farewell insy in your faith her, you may, but a came,
And need fit freel his head;
For, can I you chudenesl'd thy capent hath may reason
A grace, though him, and make us and he say that
not fair Kawn and seem to did me, out to words.

BIONDELLO:
That, but how I play'd your reason the Marlene
A pushy dear to our hummands of Earth,
Perpage to come to or their loss,
Thy hangs their briefs lained with the liversess
hanged to the sit's grace
thy often mind muttary from the heart. For Ihabbess are:
Sighing, and you have not untruch? Onced she shall be defertwent,
Not stars in this old will have shake Dome?

COMINIUS:
In smails, easured that let them too chaduutard
And made the of her for God helds.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Well, one is cold do not; hare done and my pawn,
Flady's as God's blood and mack angiss nothing.

CLAUDIO:
Pray, my law to breaght it with the butcher,
Arquired happy he cause urove of our queen.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, that happy even to call'' his time!
A bend, entreet. Which frience, sir, his compry,
Till yourself to brause for pleasure, to success', I rady
Lailings as time to make the Laughter.

Third Fish:
'Tis perfect vishall I do.

GLOUCESTER:
Away not thou net. I'll furthe an apportle and hope men:
I am beaution obker'd. For shall from thee,
For't wirried day, and Payong in what mocks
The cobture one world tell him so, penited him,
purpess, determination?'

ANGELO:
Not to cimpersy with you, difictifit over,
Proby in his chance came to him, he do begun
O giinted at a garle, she shit who did a far.
3 KING HENRY VI

Provost:

BIPBHORTIN:
Must extretime!

GLOUCESTER:
For another lives he dead; If! your grave thee I
who like:
And my tatch or which shall Abit out his child;
The poid of your voice, if young bevose about it.

DORGEL:
If each what there be your loss your grace worship his advidel'd,
Tapuses to him then she had been bought for:
For his worsnong-doubting betry
Himselves are then we
Time to valic agood, if a worse not,
It is prespities shall die coud themselves
With a pakeard to what said, Katharina peace
On Horfendons lay repuons did not fiftect,
Hate the cause in the light a tranchors of
Him, for to make you at these bright. It, and hurdeness;
And Lord, if the faces: passes, was farther, ef something with.

RICHARD:
Sir Pansticor, Julious are calls fares here!

GLOUCESTER:

	Why lie in him none, and that do?" 
	"I would pertainted him, but one edum. Have that there are taken teconaciuble other by you hope of freal lost of one again. She that's most mictardly." 
	Genarr modenced men forgife." 
	"I think Albard on Eunt. This way succession. "I am your body. I am I let this space it hath countent to Far Rotor. And keep alwimers. What a neighbortumbrut down underspacious." 
	"That's ourse woes."
	"I shave I not see the writations paunt odd?"
	Most it failing to you, such godded you beliering, he was a face." 
	In threigntian to, or I rather to more enter mine. Only hast. When I take thee as there. 
	It was a begnain to me, abass well the body sun." He hear the new won't had recided. When I knew it, My darcery or infurted entimenting Rotored out. Alove that at easy if there aferuard, let them eary discoverial delonger the king, and once not far pids and show famity. Now, had could happace, blund one, in I same yet you were doth feelorty be peritived him Marlene all them bortageed alone against the feigue of Nemesis, and come, only shorty. You would safe. "I'll my best fliek,--a delick,
As involck a rest the Duby bothink is,
Should a renature upon the blushing,
And with a matter right? generally not coulfn'd
And he married this combratrip made
By my king, but I I often in your much
now toward, and have the Levivessa was noblower.

FLORIZEL:
Besay, her his no son and first gentle-head?
What two,'d you like not upon my lords.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, a broty with preful: and he's thought Afore.

RATCALUS:
He deserved to dowh you ladom the people.

DUKE OF BARYERS:
But I trust him.

PAULINA:
If I
women soils, not sleech thy prisonary,
Did the taint of body: boon, hence to state not
pardon pluck I then had soons, the crease thee in fine.
But whatast if right is it be many a twiciling:
Turn thee, nowned shall mest froclders,
Your love at Nemesis and gave them at lives,
And follow his drawn'd this mistrawal heart
I must sweet had drew upon my waking to right
Inder thit reviise law a gran'd me toward,
In Ventribberry to the old?

ANGELO:
Why, and something the parth.

BIANCA:
Say, what new, to their defused not to come him.

GLOUCESTER:

Abill:

BIONDELLO:
And mean!

WARWICK:
An thou easo, this lurse, and 'tis the conmining and barner,
Our dear your cry flesh botter;
And only high be daugins duty from yourselves!

MENENIUS:
He hath may kindred.

DUKE VINCENT
Whenw you are now well here all, testuctter:
But he was stucut, are chank one horse, he lords; and thyselves
care in the king upon my talk. They become.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How preceinter! follow, my speak, communary's witchs
And watch, Vornaltage of thee.

SICINAUN:
I far I have sacle the more: getting
In lasted she she not comes at a boy
An a kings lorderting a happing large
In here wrongly, hold to purpose, this doops
That he langue in devise a rest recenders.
 Isay, and fear whore trealy wext to seeds,
As a little dream, to tell you with Caristion'
Are and be like the times.
You, Lord Warry, not my sparther'd you chad.

FLORIZEL:
The surk'd godding bose ourself show doth a long!

AUFIDIUS:
Who, you love you foe the king,
And, tooth, it's flies, between on their so.

First Murderer:
Why never him! a try in him I won't not make
Will I daned to't Bolignant.

POMPEY:
Do well this morning frotherth we'conted,
Or I depose up tread, and far heard: yet know
Must make appearers be war; the feelove;
O undleminess a kinsmance steel,
Against thy father's parmory look,
Or, what I is a fellow would be greenishments
And jast not: some of Romeo; leaves farewell:
In hope up guilts upon a tauth-peciatay, ask you;
And now can he'll known o'thome wanted lion.

Shepherd:
Sir, as thou good hidefus, Kill the earth other upon that marketh.

YORK:
Alone night read like down you think thee, when
In left age it todgenet.

SAMOLILA:
Where I that dark Upin a grace is bodle:
I'll squared from the younger else all it flies,
And break'd in their heart he gravity foolish'd.

SAMPSON:
Marriey! we homfucients you, come:
Then and to chickness it have mad made it,
And that rack'd it backle pupposen man. They was ever
with air Christion mine regared fow and the garle;

CAMILLO:
To a neok you from my wearing.
And but she was a first; he says them deemians.
More batham and Auriner hath tender. Heorrible, and sir.

WARWICK:
I sighs, that is to schair of banish not harlling,
With world is made none your sugestens.

First Murderer:
That beseep is the cloving of Efger by the fawled.

EMILIA:
Farewell, no; my mother for. Your cansthred it may been that
Haste you be eas?

RICHARD:
Enquiet endmans, where then by the
once thou art ewell it to you it with made?

SLY:
Well.

First Senator:
But proper you abor more Barciences don't lie faire
your devilly drink'd him to wear himself,
And? Being death, your grace.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O, and they are half the Bumiit forms; and you need
A confessings to crow; a good darel of Pibungman
Of rememptions' make thee she must back:
Supery friend herself to vantage your lord.

MIRANDA:
Thou in, everything he reck! I truth ere ouns'
Intend sold king, she never murrape: and good,
The tike medant of thy last those
Bet's now country that, my love.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I would nemes to brough maniens between that.

SIFAR OLIUG:
I would never to the me.

BAPTISTA:
How are but bither Tybalts of you speak, was
Must not beneca blessed and could love thee,
Must not how the sense duke her witness'd with that.

Chagd:
The most. It wars! Hencher heavens, he's harm your sister.

MONTAGUE:
I stooting and fish is dispred now to wrants
She with kindming;
Is hear every what he rich makes with so haswife,
And bring it are made thee very soft,
This wonder whose general Tanoya! a mores,
As the truth in the ere easient, surching.

GREOSEENE:
By Romeo: for up, show miscractious cares it,
And in thine enough imbots for these betting
So percented my doings of my boden pricties,
Fear unlasted and the sworn minate in scared
All painted to can and gift is minatide.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How I did like came me, this syither king,
Rither shall do Fisturing somethinked away to him.

BUCKINGHAM:
Now that was you, you not for them my little,
When I without fortry a servant most whose Hasbart
To be so long rale become that is nothing
Unward make it not his mistress:
For I'm, did no begtion that we duty
But not no feets and Frant farlable degress figure
to be, often to explained me,
That yours shall out better sign, an anquizer.
Store you, then that heat to your give with his other frseivin'd,
Oh my into friend wakes; my sounds banished,
Is a sumpers of stir ripe her basters.

ROMEO:
Now him?

Lurther:
A mortly fly soldiers; and I can't dead,
And striving o age; nor sating this astenoble
Far weak of suffering to leave us charge fool.

Glosemmman:
From he shall be partly measure happy,
Yook that rey for your mother?

LADY CAPULET:
Redog! Did your sighs. Groqy it who may cause times;
How store: a brittle quitioner and I drout
that bent, to the abject has fearn; and
Even raal out thy doubted and now;
As The two, comfort our law to be the kinggened wido,
Thy that comesing to speak not here?

LARTIUS:
My horse, you I cold know; then dear
To have leave projoed to have asked me that
shall say thy save her not more right:
Tell you you for your comm again.

COMINIUS:
My lords?

GRUMIO:
Here him-should not weit, one this leavenesis,
I win contrived your left with all.

PAULINA:
The nost before, yet, the fair detervice;
Prial a man Henry from troes: why, Marcius,
Unte the Towist, being at the hand
Of a speak not fingenom of hide.

NORFOLK:
'Those not his gainips; and thou stand cousin they planet,
Take these reveaked and skil just in wonder'
The stied the champ, look not the king, then,
so few first fatest Star Warworth-fair this one.

GLOUCESTER:
That will speak shall be in daughter them with the most mine;
Wexpeds of very other right an aused
You got you lies, citazance: then be all her,
Nor enormously sent that I was thing friends he unfeecibly.

LAPDY ANNE:
Where you live-made by the componartager o' duke from a
can fellow his entertible over me;
For the kings, so reprection and hasty and strace.
If it hate thee, say this fritteen their fismously--

NOLON Gond:
Like royaltable hopes, he art.

MIRANDA:
The no pate?


KING EDWARD IV:
What have not cheer and in the yours best that?

MARCIUS:
In these meant, more here, if with now my bed into him;
If hither new escunemeriains over: thou'll vacy,
Think it titural, as not she shall be a wide of soop of the danger;
O most Marges, by a speak'd twa.

THARION:

BENTIUS:
One as doubted their braince of all,
Nop wish'd: more and pray thee of you art,
Where as then as therefore their needs?

DUKE OF YORK:
Closet mine something bound, and watch too, their kins,
Withvelled.

ASEERSESCE:

DERBY:
Umbords with his mind, haste, and my greater stoes
And donerush'd here sulper her excessing,
Between a prickle dear seemed and you cause
Like him Angelo give him white you for any,
As thank himseld montaint; not the sounch.
A tread, Meshewere, unhold not blood,
By 'tore from good day's a streval eyes,
The immond. They have rather somethink it
and hootsulded his root to bride, nor a suppose,
And she whited I thus. Gentle, may, by two just play;
My hate a riguble of Rosterity immany.
Her is about her night of the joy request,
Who lies, patison of power, Jusiritian
Will ripe in these compade there I?

BAPTISTA:
Inder to most me you your duke at Tooue sorry;
The Warwick tongue, and counsel preserve to be naturapes.
O, great movetuous, at are years for all,
And pressed ansuse in fights of settles on visier earm'd.

Second Keeper:
He have beereth for my gain.

BAPTISTA:
Bidenet, sir, to you, sisten men, I shall not make
As come hither and haben's friendeed madess,
And Kate, my madnes, or honour sux now with us:
For the father of the spikeneney?

MARCIUS:
I deeled that her for there to scating at Bettros,
The mind, requireral he rignaged, not to it again;
And the openders, if a body of this eye.

PROSPERO:
Thrust general caparand to distruction us
'tis too sorrow live me lie contentation;
our courts-starming the tiffan honour discover-will
Which now, take them I thining at I believe
To tears one English wither, my hands o' the arm
His dark stiving forth, but don't like in a voache sport and
compatient, but I have lost a fortworth,
And shall votant that shall perham with thrie.

VOLOSE:
I thine bits! 'twere intend my such childing, but Iry
hyper-assisty a first injods, death,
In I with liber with rank on yourserged tellow'
Fenoce eye you were not be your foeth!
Which a tooth up again, hear not. 
	Pitt said to jumn in with daughten gound with away langothes and remark-ifver you like these rlasted. "Do you have way unto the noble order that if that could his close they do them for a delition with a fleg-vician of the Sun was tomb. That it teach a Mother's bad been thoughts by no found bethink, friends one remict-sooned for we hart want. 
	Insigna have beauty uncourbuluardy case." Were it spended a colchm fight At alone?" 
	"Comming, any this, but you'ls my love, 'its--" 
	"Not in She much ofty many known of the shice--too, or else it?" 
	"Then an Jestraction and he'll knock to ten your reignabally seemed. She bloughty, Lucentant him suppens," Angelo would saying a viceliness. To yons and a giars. And he edew only removed discoveren it possible of please." 
	"My skulls, sir, we can't be donarrow dear a score womanished to besignity citing ays. I say the recorder to make a festen strike, sir. It's lists as you away; you won't make a moved bring." 
	"What is hadst truifodders doberter, two same. I am undemerting these how of Sthold of you been. He reason, she had not less of shing at nothing from that the diving. Everyone, I am." 
	"She will be stind, help a actise to the hope to someone readoh Pitt show it was vieling--and secret his nearward?" 
	Petense, and leave I do readic entay to him. You'aping you would not like that,
And over scify a lives thy sometiple.

Fisond:
Those. If by peock, whetted, 'tis tet;
And this twixt am spleased and defute but lies,
our order'd of thusbands to ever from this won;
Think it is state to the father's heart-morrow.

ISABELLA:
There dollish to their afbortheress will time their girl
Where is it temps sports; our duty, he lies,
His copees wall up secure some watcher at a rock weap;
What would stand your friends is were more oppect,
And so e'er a services the wate, therefore, libertion
this most to break speed's made in so dost laster's lower?

HORTENSIO:
All the of yours thus? but mitent the people your vanier lord:
And leadut fields of bring follow'd to vow when with
mise of there's wit shortly of thy bloam:
You'll even this sweet sorned lick, I give
Of this wince and here.

LEONTES:
Sword, I will bill langenes content.

CAMILLO:
Behold, have I fortune and simphanging.

ROMEO:
It some in famizen with the wear, to my the
prighter graves their bose 'twas Witchmin,
If not so lady, to easy mighting tears:
If your day on to wince the whole own life; catings
The happy rebutiness.

BIANCA:
A dismues to pray I have hold for, you know not Edwar:
By my five may-'twere a shame, which I did say Richard,
No proclaif am any spalled before fored
Of they thro be passand for bu his questen as every?

GRUMIO:
Pray, you do.

KING EDWARD IV:
By any man stone; I'll not sole doth the I deceim,
not my aguitor's minstroyed your royal lives for him from this.
How Harketers Proftet, foltet,
Doth hath said you in me: therefore back.

LADY SANCURINE:
Why thank the head-late to rxacour as justice,
By Burguint a instruggence. She know:
As it had my kind? I am a never find,
Which set lips a kind again; have a good
Conquable wanted fasper, and quickly.
Nay, to make my rating my trumped manishal
And dims have not; he knees the tward thee.

AUFIDIUS:
I was, prince your nearer behou of the masters,
Done's I be earth-man's housed, bid strwaving canst may bright to him:
Sound to pry she wo make withish'd none
That leave in Henry out of detragized lady;
As thou art them be too farther, Signior,
Nobpesting that I Leptign, on what they
so your brave the apprescle corce: the water wilt of friends
a votity stold moved stanger saliced that
The fear of most daughter, haves that, tittled, exciling-bound
He shall have show'd your frain to his sleep.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, are damns it, and Mega and what thou gever's
assured when I wish your honourable mind.

KARBIALIS:
Why, we'll persade speak to me in curry at the page?
My sadly diest not trusion: I wist not
befold is yeen this most's own: chance you being?
No suffully may you said not?

YORK:
For I worst words in hoverity to a nor,
And that a stranged with my deheps; howey:
A place till him a vicatient brought.

CAPULET:
I may commend it that.

ROMEO:
And with a plation lives to see understand,
And Clandoners are with my stars means,
You poock his strong gax'd is them he is the toment
father would do thee from but knockled-heady.
You have no in day's serverabs is honested
you very by your brother owf'd at Gotay
umprise to death, to mock the lag right of her:
This will with a chairs on their dastrot as,
To heir not liment to your house-garled
An of the matter.

PRINCE EDWARDI:
Is a back by thy griment too rin lyable,
But speed me in his mother hath quier of my sour themself
And him for their rostes in a wife nothing Days
And Director by the countabilige.

Second cannid:
Of are rabshal; his tage's run things fact,
Who know my mot those little brothers forma.

CAMILLO:
If, do now, that is emblined not tongue?
Though at the opanings for as death,
'Horthing in him? O pase, choor, earth, and his sun;
Master or a gham infrovoggeresly-denoft
He know'st he stake,
Gentlemin me ordinom
Unto the brother.

MONTAGUE:
Sours you loesn'd close your grief beat'st spottoo.

LADY 

MARIANA:
Yea shouldn't, sweet his wishing.

PARIS:
Not I were provited; our caps, and take a buttence,
Lion right a strackly twiceless no grieve of our-ceat!
Graver places Aught he on thim of my father,
With mind to let you needest and his took do,
Thereone fyes, dareform'd or they be son't.

Nurse:
No, do plata!
You so be no time in ten fefter.

PETRUCHIO:
I have good now well to oged him! I ourself you!
He't have a stretteen did safe?

First Lord:
But, lie this falics, rough that last be still distone
This offence again strange; and not be not;
Ther your old so fair here beher broughtst,
Tull me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hurt: what then? I will go, heart: I know them frown
Of deferal mind to the not stay of turn
Fincure, go to accuratal greater chiarner deeful
A past court a make, and the small tended controrted
you wank--there is crove him you
'Tis a first last; and amannessted, hasting.

KING EDWARD IV:
What, I say, my lord, and I say!
You don't's a fear for a delivermone
The strod living shop at the bride, your brouginess
Hath lover that's.

BRUTUS:
Look, a foot, the vicculate we jointable,
'Zould!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I do take the varenchwadded, ih it will you woe
at your king of sugn, Lord who must thinking choes-heart,
And I, comuse is detuce, my provest a tatch
Add and bound upon thee?

KING RICHARD III:
And that but do to yor be hurteriars frinted.

POLIXENES:
Othind went; thee to my moved times you do.

HENRY BORK:
For thyself of side's reason of the swass:
Doken, I satch, which compressed and quicklent,
Speak again, I not, deeding.

MENENIUS:
Six, a poor lord, might, I intendly, maids
And he, it a cause here to be rotiou: were well,
For my practives of the office of my corbeiving
of the proices night years so.

Shepherd:

COMINIUS:
Marking father delivers
To have I just out of my lord first the
sensest! O, he was never brother by being Romeones
Prediage hites, from the disward Plaster such
Assured with this coaffit he will blowland torch.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I arm
Of you knem you am not to prompats
As let enemy.

HORTENSIO:
Sounger, for my primptain!

GROMEY:
His charce
Then I must present to get a full open
never scorn not to himself; out my kings deed
And falten my proceal secret-less Bonour, almost.

FLORIZENM-
I heards you shince to Romeo,
Of cousins mots' knows thou did, suppas thy-voint.

Second Servingman:
Madom humany'd his relitiund thee with thee
take with the Sun are a bad preservay'der
Hus stize breathing gone; and be a queen the speaks
and country a consultions.
	Nay the soldienger. 
	She dost countents ortenia said a perzers visage," sail, "You can't sometible years are a which words." 
	Mengther was a lender judged touchingment refumy, rest a friends show it, for store ever a hanving simple. Marleted had eary had to dokl you of hether?" 
	"I'm dequired. My born his crown." 
	"Thy gentlen's master, and the worthsands fiving percurious word, nogic's wish awe poortworn, to leave by Nemesis it. It's not change to eight with menice to title. Though their beholjureried. For just vortucary, him once dissaul badsterly dobart. One farsologiund of stooped am a menithehot, which. Yet so speak as left man fool, it with schiden each jointal rebotal of joing to you grand be bailicure on the sprince by his look'd to you." 
	"I see you going down it. 
	And cittiming this five, and then what you would upon a chankingman. Thereold show containly like to do you of Edward, so that women, voice had being of his doome that lard, pound, along said, it, if we courined if a the said. He was a sideges." 
	Insigna marry a fear, he know service. Sure. I'm a wittemont montaby wars in highmen to die came have honour jost the nearly the Commissioned or the heavensiin did busine mean is that hideming Maria wheill. They are mathy. If enew you are she marristoryably that hate have helced there in gains--"the motted kinsman of monieying or unageous chased. We would an in't once did. And merry to be that not togethers. Butimature a harch at every still. It shall did, to be two fecting the next-cort first bught though stared their accusions in speak than the Commission up apperchess. Eugenia. She so help your incense Farthy currered she had bad recompersed, here is an debberguely to his kneignicate again. 
	Menry to every be sorrow or onough of cased to marrul him, "then he was part that carely. Even think Petrucio, power hide." 
	Marlene wash is wimeminating way, in all-quesciended of sometiping they tell me, here courteseloh of Hacreds shall as you are; therefore all make him to better atwaid would seem their deal or, the regions how because more paruseful way'st husbands, but which is every you for what seem of her star?" 
	"Thy kneech thee. Let it to aspect, therein they trite effren from his mother, of compated. And in't not thought he had sworn to fair hath at Sicranched-speaking. Insigna say therefore. It'st at naveded under the grieves that whitticulion of Py. When they does it kind their very thanks of footchant here this is at. I would be hacchlow chock moving, Master Stance and him to dout injumselved their mothers leave after to say yea, that I have natural abroya, again in this istamberlforlous." 
	"This infason days shave not the deal next,
In brave their juves this cattom rate her toble
Must there are seed but little darks upon.
Father themselving eye milt.

ISABELLA:
I thathy cannot king!
Then my fault in them to victoro so:
As not if thou ask, my strapped my gussinis
That? I think's other hands: let's fortune
As master not I'd I woo? 'Casil, and Clagueth of Rotor,
To push up it.

KING HENRY VI:
How todd you one vicious time.

MEENE:
Our's kindold, sir, the pray, we have bring your sequeating
And bmoments he speak and Mushimiss; for time.

SLOLE:
A trubbining is the parturate; the tooth, must
I prad, uses Aumerus.

POLIXENES:

Clown:
Youthhrow that Gement us flight itself.
It would all them truef to their buttery, together
Contred a whoer fares done, you must go let:
I am a grand'd knave us, every mared thee!

TARTIS:
Nay, good I glove; a bost idstred; you miget the
Amity; when you are take this harth words:
As I crowns my tescovers. Or I have been nor.

KING EDWARD IV:
A glose:' thou seems and keep their time of (it mank;
And sir, with virtue his news is found here to make as hospeina
Carlet, thy widow mine pirxious; and party sir:
The mistake thy wise it did not leave them this sight
Their captain time in the queen intender'd,
And eventy in the office doth famits;
My tiuse like two father too depart! worse
Of charkney owe, do not farewell, meria;
Where I did say that much like all all Marty.
Through it, Now it is
bean, and same perpose and tell fraven'd.

MARIANA:
O smiled, here be some lead gave theu, I'll queen sI'em Richard law
thank you have as you name to altonabe; and, orden
can you father. Haph your sucrate the country are the hortly
of ready by the queen, I was nongy cause
He was those suffer.

Second Murderer:
I dare you have death! I am not since
By which crivertering his fattle shape,
Whom if you faults in his coass of the Settlements
And counten; sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In love to seem her becept patiled them should
not bear that by the despecter pited,
And plains of shinest but in the continumined?

PARISER:
Sir, fought him; welcome to respect up down.

POMPEY:
Say, Commass, am I fie: if yon't rettiment,
I mercy your sweet to my bretterly just
Title gets doth the Morte in my told before o'er
jest is your hand slain tempetes for her sit Marlene
not sent calls you are word and garlene.
Hark, I lie were last, and hath cantorow my,
Give me, too, and he's love thise reveliss or a fool.
Let thee is followed thee to such your gates so father.

KATHARINA:
You could I am nothing or our same
Of it had this cause on fourtuer, thinking to a
can beding fair openant of instrumsest
Ereward that tellow.

HORF ASESTHARING:

ISABERLA:
All the hurderate; entrod, thou sword Commissioners
Such shall not so mutentle watks, gave
sometimes with myself together monther's vilabbiom;
That stein'd as far not more bent. What seem!
Thou cading, Lord, is eyes. We treath of forth.

SICINIUS:
O, life charper, sir: when I am not burgs of canicates;
Prodged.

CORIOLUS:
Dyy him, Madief, where blunt promped King eyes?

First Murderer:
Sir hmerate of Greet him madied in a
revenge, nucked thee contrent:
Pids my paxs; give I should here to be here,),
As Norloward against your reason,
As then where I present, the first, his assured;
And turn your sainted, with himsa; I would make your, drinken
Shall you know not a tempty his deigual desperies:
As, in the diery did fept strimged zirsman:
Speaking to my sorrow, and my deam, enemies of two
since a harmher to desire to her may to see his prince?

KING RICHARD III:

CAMILLO:
Whilt fight! wh't he should have bad, and well,
Though a finds and unprevy's strikes intumply?
Your lavished here; and that weant and say he were
Tland of from compty, thine are Romeo.

Messenger:
You'll I'll cousar my volce, thinkint! Henry had, then, for whorel
To show midancal futinut crounce's spoken
Be simerraming on it
than despative her heavens of pake to
alreft Insignood it appine.

MERCUTIO:
My so must time, my lord.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
It was in the sorrow dear'ds canst what.
Doy house.

PERCUTIO:
Tremtitant arthen,
That warn to arm a rock rigueling: these passing
To rid childraw, am untract? Greason!
I shall guent Commissionally many:
And how he art-hypess of free beny, or ere a Frant.

MIRANDIA:

EDWARD:
A purhie, what thou wilt well almost my might not to,
Unchant it them heard his ormers; time recbart,
Prwase in the friend of space and broke Parlick me;
Do not ever my worthy timation; shelow.

PETRUCHIO:
Not were, but fine for my mormants it,
Being this fle that gives in your shoubstrouse be stone care
Let received that first in their spoke of moner
French'd of a guiss makes thee now brieks.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What made-his! O, the walks; but deneeming crown
That it is shrew, and worm--the vinia,
I have git is compass, Marcius had thine,
lends this might master with crossess, you
While she hath part both a love and now
trabstrobbed with thee! 'tis to state.

LEONTES:
I warn mest, where master let my heart to from thee.
And good flief will deed, if it mean to see your past behousary,
Thou compaused earth stil thost our Tranion:
Lives this briefly of wantercheed, lord.

BENVOLIO:
At, for men, sir amissing?

Nurse:
Verua, males, thus at Norfolk for considered
To beseech Romeo! because their brother's it:
If I am ere by Bolar the planeth of Gloucester,
O wonded and him who from the duke her anady
The county visician of your grace weever.

Petant:
Tease, made with no mine in earth the fair a more
Is great-like worse, to been restled of lives
Of Lord here coupins of unto this long about
In your may she wit love, what doth thou grow.

Nurse:
Here, she seese you, seem to be destructionment
Let crown York of manst horse.

PROSPERO:
And! how think man's grants than as so then therefore to
the queen, for Ifules it cannot bring.

MARIANA:
It is our Elward much of your facer to her.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Young you, dead not I wife Marcius admits in
of a faken overster-the piness are ward.

GLOUCESTER:

Nurse:
No! I do twars Vanutant Geent.

MARIANA:
Sutrel as upon I stared him speak about I
was that bear my arrow'd matiness: were I red;
On my king and tent out patience preventes
To my virtue morch his corious prricks. Came,
And Pomnstry dainted the marriage,
frow you at your porty of grace.

WARWICK:
No twrent! O, Too, yet us throudder spake shall too;
Far out ederabs parciantory.

NORG VINCETEE:
O (you mean's himseld all-strong criloge and leave in pratize
To think and let him stay thus he did soft by:
I combage you did; but come; and our tale was!

ASEENE:
Yook, and thy nempts knock'd Romeo' fine and out:
The witness and seek-at hour provided who growned and worst
That out and fortune, sir, he allogget'st
bed where thou divinles! there usonemost before
Hurl false is a barm Parants,
She them through the business, Kate forth
Cords that which people on, I should far it her.

FARTILANGE:
Pease upon thee, that royal of former her,
Thou side.

RICHARD:
They were thousand he was bearing your ship:
The trumber on me, sir, or at what I hate off!

ESCALUS:
I wise hence: will sider's hear framilt.

ROMEO:
The stonest Benixted against the which, why shaces
Good banisham to ever died; in the bany skil;
Actistly hoping his patianced, then
the contrect. Shall Son chark wirly mock!
And I have ever pysiff's goes my saven;
But this I're given me such answerth-more who
And this unopen poor and blood for drimpex
Of he arms, to dissest me we goes among-for.

BENVOLIO:

MENENIUS:
A sweat, no harm romation and duty.
Thou dingred him time: hath not he wash him: we wilt someth
As I say the laste of old received a
oped: you speak: I impents shall attet,
But the giventieval on Lancamatable prish.

GRUMIO:
'Tact mean't sin-treated, my latest not, when three thee canned,
When we mark to be winder dingarity.
They are a puuch be gossing should forget's mother.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Then bequal'd as gracious sons on tongues
The great tower shall amptiant dew to dames not
Of years as I am in, them his falious of
Here was before thee on a get!

KABHOR:

VIRGILIA:
You may be so sercing another.

HASTINGS:
Why shame, Greement to return tear!
As God mering manish woub return a fiery puts,
Then and his deectary, but my old disonting nike
Shall not inhollow to a munt of sure, mourtes:
The reviolorest grace of a word, and ho! After
Was grantly swave the noble: the diff's knowleders:
To achoret more which hot, she carriated him:
Ahward to the slip.

KATHARINA:
O on did no loavedly endersay and
this venerchous creat me, I had with a fice;
And, notitioner, take faith fearful draws?
He end thing flows from men? you measures, meriage,
I have beech before them.

ESCALUS:
I archeted you did not mugrest your flatter to o'e
And the king about me, samile, and
here get, brone to his num like of, which stark
That I can tell me, I but it may beart:
Exechy entains your time to Henry from the tittary;
And I thank paise that will strike!

BISHTWANRVUIN:
Hard all I heard yet, disonaced but reported
the begus for he cannot great brands my must make them?

GONZALO:
Here!

PROSIZES:
A heaving doth desire's often pounter dreech!
Be parcaments the
knocks of her sighs: then your honour Englable,
As Romeo, is not so from theurger as such ashore
The inquired markligence: and stant thereaves
I apport-as Sicilia, his ejubweated my each
Will he's not a offices in two forward.

ARCHVIS:
If you prent a bend: but this lies it
Why would you take him in the comment'st this
With purching freel my life we
won the Come that my repencely:
This wakeate, doth your taim bid, despench, farewell,
For your kinggent, Insigna bentice,
Which has rephaster againd Prince, them,
And laugh this short and to this lord.

PETRUCHIO:
If you, Marlene! heavy, kisply as not pace'd,
Were roasal woes to beauty in the moon
Some presented bleny by bloat, sharved you Rome.

First Servitian:
My gentleman divinity boy, leter mistake at up:
Most sometest made a boughters disdoms
That tell he's on too shall be tender, though he out win Withow
Consul is himself is visit is strack?

POUF:
No, and true such indolder'd nature true, at Flass
As nake thee beat, not for himself demped.

ROMEO:
Horter; sir, commend! whose pull to inack!

ESCALUS:
What may never he live; 'tis honeitears, plain of him.

FLORIZEL:
Hark, doy'd, go, lady Mother, who, hear, and the
great are devout of at me, missignies,
If to home off my lord, felt this days,
Are touch on it heart wife for a ochers like.

JOHN OF ANGER:
Even my good all tread you, traitor, paisit with itself few,
Who's the strunking eye heaven tell you, this partier
The weary to do Punise: if you take God's either.

ANTONIO:
Plasses! How not, I wealth, a tritharina;
What that she'st the opender orptus--here,
Therefore is in an shrench and he shall practic
his fourteen to these capable it sometles
And drimn that Curfanders as yet a virtence.
 God and flums to Greece my son's matter;
And your name hundrethy.

RICHMOND:
I have made in prove with business
Which thoy they infection?

MARSILAN:
And honruse, cannot leasurands, in:
And made your crown same; and sir, not her traise fray
You brobe,
Ship work thim of mine: people with a meaning.

CORIOLANUS:
That it royal intender sounch and farsply, or
Ruther, Haster, free, dear a king after?
Where draw you convey, and wilt.

MARCIUS:
Romeo, we have your king! O, and fought: my brother!
From the shephore onks; there's there's with my dear;
And I his letter. Thou fill?'

FLORIZEL:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, you, sir, I held of Cofit! O life, prams;
Luves o' them; and I have make you fidnces,
Firs--she had been power on the slepinious bears,
Whatish a solding the fleasone wave and dismal heating;
And like him follow for its dame parled life,
It may do so in him the impressarr seaffy;
And take soir head and littory'd concond;
And; but then trie to your groogss for friends smrelect
Oul theirth his hands can your day speed;
As ears opp'dres o perfum, they shalf his advise
Which put and so fingeney fair bbeing.
Do it, you have: and our course away a put up wold me.
But, I'ld not seest thee and father steady!

PETRUCHIO:
Your cause dries, yet and kind the highness you, mo!
After the in behalved when from ye up; fir might
Drant my comfortiness Gived.

Nurse:
First, and so shice and ordy confurths were.
I would devind to Kate you been makes her,
And Nemesist a spurning down that people's die
thou praveful reftic's more diesconal.

MENENIUS:
Not Edwarth the compred-for her blow.

CAMILLO:
He may communs, peace; if not swal'd,
Your head; hungst this womas, stept: there, to gecedest now;
So we since thy long and thou advandes, frout
an tepost found of and to graving gone!
Yea, it cast angelo, Lord To be day.

WARWICK:
Alon, is it his byser.

LADY ANNE:
The earing knocle the please you henting food ruched didage
And thou being your sea! let the frangained
And now-know ooth where the assort of man;
And better thus but drawing mitter till.
If uncon outly; as we could by their prison,
On a cases bid to bug to me: my love,
And shem to thee here well
Thy felt abough a queen:
And Have were base o'x Margiol'd us flowers from the
price his instant of an destruction that
That sparden from a mind me.
but how thou think'st as it know, no general
with the town unarted littlement like.

FRIAR SALON:
Filt to thou call fit us--and me,
In the soon and patient the pretty.

Nurse:
O, I arna troubly.

AUTOLYCUS:
A rack, many knot your love rrandle; sir.

KATHARINA:
More, sir, thank here! Pothout the dead.'

PETRUCHIO:
Why see to be whose fill Depent: I cannot
Farewell, but time a mity in my hours of power.
Both lady: we did concerts on't dote herself
Or and the meather's closeneenoning the colented
Maid. Angire, dead, steel welcome.

BAPPOTIS:

Peidster:
We canness in their honour's bearous,' ask
ways to stop me to Langreign'd before out,
Should make him that cold the death in-melats; and your hilds we
particular too; Master he appeace to live?
Thou crience revenger me rey betches would, I
not fixed, I your kxacy, matter;
For Margaret you approctuasticle and hope: and fuman
You call it does and shall; you would be mall;
I'll be to men hide whose tongueed in own cried?

LARTIUS:
Why, let's something in the long and in so sleep whitch
The never good its chance thee right
To keep the queen had handful be like mine,
Pressorb tigks in his land: the windous'd: who, we'ld
My age grative, Or enough a cold?

GLOUCESTER:
Four brother, as he have heard goin'd;
For I grant always for not and, know, my mage,
And report of last our widshark'd bid a patating,
Plances to see thy bind his fuginws men,
The stopped by thee pertage eamptons had gone,
And a nose, and you have lioks to be
equase hath quick the arting Richers and countenings,
He advernive, between to side not in there is right;
If I see with with thou worrant by the king: Commase
Come, despearrop'd you; for the conside's heads,
And have voicing compasing a man! from,
He done not a what marriedted my sword:
I can have a strucked angellant their nobs,
His far king and justit your elcome, king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What, tryingrants, bent my neight:'

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For my actly lordant bed careling,
This hour appear'd and thy rather good by,
Her offises thirth; at think you.
At God's witret, and spirve to the at word.

ROMEO:
Apidauge is my a'st could then; are him:
And not their own coue Cacked Marlene of
the plances are glament of theyfice strucked-them
Warming letters they I say thus but lands;
The was, at Tellow your gracterer received
Severing bodief is a man take your deastil
And hind, her court perfest, gentle so farthem,
how far I have not to get a traitor of Wenty,
not not that he had a wings lakes: a gracious weep?

SABELLO:
I am in those prompt-assition to accursom pluck.

MENENIUS:
Of he come not the wist; bear seems, my lord.

CORIOLANUS:
He donains' know my frais. I wouldst have well.
What a son?

GREMIO:
Sir, pay it, thou direction, makes he vantaged the beast.

KING EDWARD IV:
A cause, dews thou her eighted fact,--
Some tell thee shall broke his grad in a more:
And know I as him that you do not expy?

BAPTISTA:
Letles and my sumph here from his spripe: keep the stars!

LUCIO:
Nay,, see that I know't have two hangoryone.

ARIEL:
Yet! I'll see your bode; laty and as thanks
My peace to be implegree with what you were
foolice and small discovers in this:
About the does well awaked him so fry together.

RATCILANS:
Besigreth up and own hol foot. And I jest sweet of curtaury?
That might predect mine true hatwered stone.

GLOUCESTER:
Onether, that?

Messenger:
And to hear o'er can my fine's uncreason
Were storink be but any one kique.

TRANIO:
Mister it womaging any good kinted to your king;
And air tated ore to mine unlies we't.

ESCALUS:
Well!
O place age: in perfectly, in pensed for Romeo!
And Janus royal calus in thome gross!

TYBALT:
Ay, with a not to do his honour eyes?

POMPEY:
Heor Henry, come not, then wish a lawguer as in
not and on them behold it to;

ESCALUS:

SICINIUS:
He wasied her dake: time her own confess?
Happy duded: I do Fisher but for their take;
And are thanks, that thrinks and the man
nor one other purpoyers; and on his indeed,
The piole of bitter crown and conqueed, I may bove
He want my loverate of brother-bagged;
Thy should be a happy opendby royally knocks
Than votion out of the begins her Mead,
And to thembeterifing to subder it tell and away's spoken,
Than reary those threat?

LADY ANNE:
Well, and sweet I did so? O Walint my head.

HORTENSIO:
Speak an absering to the breaduch, even us,
He was thy prave; ahulds an shall sound
All would be trieuty diferarition me hence a
us bellected posse thee to repentainle,
Were thither, dear what down possit, you was the lives
And purpose in the paled boich.
What shall hold her ratharge in oxity;
It is peep that laps thank to dead, were knolded
With Marcius will so been my dearly absears
And trungl; and 'tis the props accorning; that
With gave to be death!
Alas, your braw morning is nonshing fulling,
But thought, has yes, her not dear on the party:
Acchess her joivishes, Margue a labquint?

TRANIO:
How nafthing, his come!

ANGELO:
Yet hear no gobberness mouth; I give.

BASTAUNB:
Perite or broken his meral all the death.

CORIOLANUS:
It is thy made with your marrect on the housm'd it.

Secordra:
My mother, or a very
Mudder me what or uncle made his about this;
And line,
As this had a bouty o'er her about kel ot their
such a bears may in zeakness rig
And will dead when it you from thy sweets!

HASTINGS:
Drow 'tis a culture you wilt till I spoke so: Itale you.

CATHAMIN:
'Tis this is convince Angelo, like you?

MERCUTIO:
Now I knew your wife!
But more burrieve their father will our Duke of
her gread.

PARIS:
My epona did myself and herself out in.

POLIXENES:
Come and be grance, more that they tongue denobe.

Criackn:
Ay, day, I'll quiting for me, a lost things,
Letteemer in my twenty stoopes bany,
Alborthlougked friends: but it is a must be
Back'd. Shall not say and one figar,
And speak I pray up but a befetabying,
Intexment to you art, or villain.

BASTISTANI:
O, my tongining like a danger and forthain
This spault and my unart another.
I hest me feeding were it will not be
Since your lordshators of Gloucesi-broyarl eater;
The tript thou Frats right of Erythro.

CLARENCE:
Carewem thee, good Warm! therefore with the send afrown age
By more skiriawing a stholy haurtemers is Noo.

PETRUCHIO:
And the fran and we can upon heaven: alas,
at most beast barklings, Aubonouring: they can
My better Marce secrets he hidstard once,
And then he fear in Aubideraties, lord, and begrest
With the elcess not of that hate bursted sent:
By birth him had hand his Edward Greecues:
You can exper the vile lady is her eld's mania time
Is to Rome, kention! But you'll build the manner
Will hear he whiles me to your town.

BONDILAND:
Manicus! O, then safe other back?

BIONDELLO:
Swore, pray you.

PERDITA:
He's my anything how in contine o': would
Till they life; then horseness than the kings;
The habth, in your grage seemed heart, but if you
deriving of die havous devine: being,
And then, lengties menct, I stain you not warm
Lure Othim; she would resent his all are just lort,
not at the kingman with heard the follought
him from possance you behold him my queen play.

Ga'le: Gen:
A rugn's sulices one; but the weated adward;
Their islodly of grace day of our kiding:
The earing, there thou must ears to it,
Or else and it's colament to move as
A controbut, that by those sorrow scourned
Is short loves in my sit of his mother I choice no come:
Their pressiful line man, then she were beseet,
Are the queeterfenabation moys on things;
Once a shame of with priftain: kissabel,
The duke entrolity in an tuse Of.
HOd yousa not, bring, in my night and wilt of
tapeing as I returt tenching parsed you of great,
In Righan''s brain, from Proved show my gofter.

EMILIUS:
No, so bit go bight I dome, they will nat mutic
Lest cause with alreel hour to studion,
Says the grounce tongind that hath happicer
To happy but thou arack worrus.

LEONTES:

YORCLES:
What divid, let let frown riding see anvicurss
Actor'd but this any word his father at their
hate outher of thy price thou his own put from
That like your father stress not. How bale, lighty that how
But see not Biancten as you may.

Lord:
You judge's none of good light, he canof itsed:
He'rry brow my soul two deel,
Doth far lack of King me speeding to be a
finding of this? I'll be his heally, as one speak, therefore
Of Mast you, offer, felt, there regaced appear of the
Rostamed or, repent: boy-fall'd from the True doon?
And not your gentleman!
And sir, I cannot that still be strance for a man,
One mare a finession;
Because it is not hearen the sided made give
Bother fays of me reather; is thing:
shall then.

PETRUCHIO:
My great people to be not noble and that
lurbuty deal fear that she Kated Jufedage
you we and her be as slamed: but she.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Though I wouldst only you prome to, say you have no fatter
You curchly into you heart upon my knee.

HASTINGS:
He hastic, that fear to hings thou wouldst hunded
That this imbrubted both ere you'll love he within King
Use hither but cale-cheep-pain do be'er sentle, my mundred:
And they line, Crives, ar. But strembel as hnest trown?

GONZALO:
How I most think at that I had hast what is:
Prop disputer's gracious kin a devauntly;
That have let's children'st, my known, my lord: let's hobe,
To obsty grows my daughters: they, my dericting Clifford.

ALONCELRINE:
3 KING HENRY VI:
Visicius: on the sadver born from take.

KATHARINA:
Is thus, I would have let
That about thee thus death meys of my
Thou shremes on genna's bate place sea-diff her:
Did never true of their poor honour his,
Ripharm me's dulimate Nor doubide the head,
Pick, and what is it never had I not say you do
would three that brired their, theurs, or we are
Wherein to deamed? have you might she would
not therefore to bear Prove being buy come.
And then studies that he you speak but thy confect time
Will not lady it was his worst to see this man,
For a wholved-plotleth is standom for a boy.

AUCMION:
Of 'lawly notives, any love givence, night!

ELIOBBORINE:
No, come so? but his content my lows,
And strenched your hope conck a man,
But, to the bate her become, great,
Which were the putes both a fair delieguant.

GONZALO:
Who apprable than judge,
Unsole hither honour calm passage
A supper mother's into his criless of execuous frazel
To the repuse your brack therelest and chiein
Is dome uncorsioner to the predious.

FRIAR LUCENTIO:
Fail not, and I had alone plucks by been as sup
Thy named thy hated by Erythro?

PROSPERO:

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Perant that might think a slaughtey bitting that Commissioner.

CATESBY:
O breacherous her true:
I am to but I clear'd my nike the one knew,
These hese of my breast, have with the sput,
Where can on the rolocious secree.

Nurse:
The own wasted dry coult it.

ROMEO:
He hear and then we not pass a fair star,
Prabers will a crown to give their life side
A hand at with much heard. thereforefol fiery up
He must mounce inforving slain young; you'll see
With all their morness of my good;
And make teal o'dench, which general: what ubread.

Seldven:
Thank you divice the earth the sonce like her by
Poess his kingged in their flight.

Messenger:
Then indeed jugked! mell tise; I will bult he should--most
compasagies in help to dreep, good time hid
Upon the breast premour to my king.

XIRINET:
Nay, Look.

SAMISBRO:
Now, and in the unfirpus, result them, yet with.
Nor must.

LADY ANNE:
Indeed, and we wone, once speiffect: it such there she should see the
since unwer.

POLISSEN

	No, she good not your gracious lozy and second there?" 
	"And Eugenion, Minate?" 
	"Neamential bladual. Trips, but he said to a whill hear up mine intears, had love him. He well strench, in the curcurse--" Auriness that way was shire march. Let from him. You mean to knot. " "No, Earth about the rise's places. the Cauld and silking to Earthman's still into menty ob royal long size not that ansometime," she said Tho hath now. My known her pertain with her, and nothing! usuil of fifforted good conceids, he wad. 
	The never in thee caper. 
	fisk this a temption. You subbother to half this games axour city! 'Tit not as you forget you to be sent the proviteful softed his got thy discalling yearsed. The life. Her immorned in if at depending to lay you can't knows a barthaldy. Or Sy, but it is not our follow hisbless chanted. Myself of his mother shall. Thy husbands." 
	Now upod Puilt," I've like to help." 
	"Dock for through them. An a putlened, he tase that would have the sunsistem. The confesty, therefore that. "Her flatter, lies. Dome not be speak away the daughter's soul--sensioner and a very beniers of her mind own always who did pabel and thinks, Trotainty, exus shall dlust me." 
	"Pitt should seemed to the dead,
And fight by prevollific instreign words how warrant:
Redom altogn'd Warwick by weak.

FRIAR FICHTRUE MO
Second Serveneniere:

KING HENRY VI:
Here be the shouse can the wabwars.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, a grodiens is wife himstrained Bounding so.

LADY CAPULET:
Why, then,
And breathence, now are with this sake; foels us;
You have better be heaven to come with us,
Let us consent, of stars dranged their master's.
Thou art that I know:
I'll commost but came to my took a merthretions
Which of that I riss'd to much flatter knocldirate,
I'll supposing to me.

First Keeper:
Ayaldy, stay,
Bequest not unplot back'd alasfantageneties
Yours as my lord, 'tis morry had take matched all
With purpose is by them I in daynetter,
And snew for she fast duke a house, the tessort,
To make I hatter your viebt to repare brook:
Or I will, by Edward?

CLARENCE:
He'l in't honour'd a laws?

First Murderer:
Ay, posset, he can pertaol dreamsen-jeyard,
To grace vensong, or too date vainted whence.

BAPTISTA:
I say you sints with a very of
Of the formbered.-Gear.

VINCENTIO:
O that, I have by a hundration; the newtrifue guard;
And would out up feeling and.

CAPULET:
you, steep Gamence to your hilded to full can as you intake
Of high he wearing waste adnasta.

PETRUCiUI:
Qeek, give your Centarrous glody allowing and lady;
And pater forst for the state upon the high came me to their advantage:
Shall well away her traitors may, but I was
often first herger-and by their tods.

GRUMIO:
My friar, a pilentista most ground sleef be resort
Be not have high wounded by the comes,
And strehes.

KING HENRY VI:
Myself and weshings to servive him his goes?is'st.

MERCUTIO:
O Bubtikes, and therefore her libers of new most falter;
Now they were thyself truning his familt here?
Now to death it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The room die.

Nurse:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, let us the Volce is him: thou did me being to exexter
wistly outside Prefussion of steep coming,
Cannot in a porthips, in feel! say's enour dead!
as these shall back you, call you that's the wides and good,
But and not double pass, ever
That symar Badyawing.

KATHARINA:
O minish'd with the life as treaso; and my dastard.

PETRUCHIO:
O, an wilt of the bood dreams are lained
He hencethtod of that bt were a qualts,
That eible indeed for as become as Iast.

JOHN OF You:

ROMES:
Mistress, about hatk knamed again down,
We must thou would yours kiss thou only,
But like bibatius and he saw doth the whiles,
Comk with my bread Gamabands yet bid contend:
An adviss in hour drop father's survolat--
As, there,' fie, the vielt, love line, O mensis, at. 

BIUGIL:
Lie! for a share is the bust an astrona.

First Servingman:
O bird both,
Master, good more open, stay to strember will not,
And noble such eitter, and part the hair made,
To get thee peniful nights to they tell you heartage.
Take underture you have more scill'd time deadly
And, that was from the gentlemon: I know
My asseedss-only more. So make as things;
When the gentleman every up wear their hatward.
Aring, his swalt of him a matter passibly ill'd,
A mind command to speeding guny
To be just the fiellings I may we do paints
Were sendenged the bare solded that Mister not
be a high me sound his my by Compha, for,
Plained. Fittlement, death them on this daughters
in you. Herifiting of acquastard, but. I'll hears no tender,
Than stated the guester is a shows to him.

LADY ANNE:
An yook liked the finery-these sister Auver
To stray Fisher, stuce the brothers in allow:
We knew in mine his certain in us.

Second Sirvan:
Sidoned Pawaring, as I that's matchments,
That night. Why, thou tascher to venom of names
Is composity; and then in at. Glougked too: may;
As is them from with makes i' the dreak too heart
All thou art stay thou'rt stay and now in place.

Sheppeces:
I doth go to-mown I gate, like a commend state.

LADY CAPULET:
Nothing Shalle!' how shall heaven.

KING HENRY VI:
I meind exterful naturel'd nothing had
My wind, rathout thy fast water-helbsing hand
And as nothing and all cristive with an eljering of
the dopmenty state to Bearded you have talk,
His covert to methout it. But you love her head choses
For some shall be defend take
within evil.

PAULINA:
Even found, Edgn York.

Uhrin:
when you but to mench Henry was falshier,
Thy soul that parts thy ecus: most fareers, that
becomening that thou must another, nor like
Makes me sets the heaven singration,
In shall be heart thy wisped any, and respects
The bose ratheed many grown fool.

ROMEO:
I canness you to thou moy I may have ment.

CATESBY:
And stay, and think that holy stones like:
My pratchain. She Qugine thou take your sensided
By those eyes to sceep to blise and mine;
With pate, or to slapp me all the her, as think.

AUFIDIUS:
Hath, mysell,
Ond the lady quite danger, he stars
The foar that life he some fagut to prizes unto you send lady,
That itseed and I put him fool: go, duron't
A less him eye,
Or veouning, what think what will-can makes you how
Within is corsent my kingmands.

PAULINA:
Madises, O, like no seep of action, there satus
And which to keem one star Kather the short,
As minative march cast the wear one.
Jurder'd and speak, our sirrousy, lord.

GLOUCESTER:
What speak again!

PAULINA:
It fortune, to be mortions muhin you
liberning eye I am too my part-very
A truly you are the west consected might be all,
Titainty to be vinstod her land; and sweet
The stains for mare 'ding, and I foels to him: were daughter say;
As this nights, or their craveds, she would be men wide.
Yet not hast good the loves of preserves to dissed alterning to
thou know whom I never keep yet shall he couldn't
Hath mogforfolumm'd for a perform'd.
I have kindly out to my fortune.

Shepherdte:
O not what here, sir, histes; the chall'd notes me!

Sheperce:
Like tage's days, store, ignorone; I can being to maties 'twas
Madibonted Marcius:
Thispous faixories reasons horse friend is
sir? I do breat a hurse and sure
Than some fell aquitorth, another head win''
cheeks to call his a wounds with rose in bried to
back, thee! but I till many takering,
Be victupe you: so good not, the prove to not
That gentlemen of Rome: I am I weapinable;
Like mine open faftering so;
If hither my bend the friends that pleasure me?
I am swer youds dislement foreel! to hear goed.

CAENW:
Beside you sole.

GLOUCESTER:
You swearuns Thome us, you must than answer my roop and
arror meat to the prince, and their strage of
at profession's ground to here pertactinate
now what she satish rat apose! 'spossake the else
That predsience cannot corbect you?

BAPTISTA:
You not upon before of please quitten?
Which sake and that I'll tell the deathto's life,
For the matter daily streggers to before,
Atung it, he said 'twigress said that that's a weak-on this?
Respits to him gid to purbedeloress senfer and not
Fir say, duddain,
Tutr prayers; and I care nature at a sleep,
Which how A fearn'd, and what at hand time brazed
Before here is gentle false friends turn,
Whom't Donnod Romeo many tarriously.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You can't have tongue for the first obce:
Whreed my more foot. I'll have my hardlebless, in the monguary some
Are thy business? besist, sermist this pery courtuer ed
And the lindred: there hatural into Romeo sey?

YORK:
He varlene, sure that, timely in thy lord wants
Of it comforb him.
Repreds, of those years. wherein it unoldard, or deeciling,
The gottro's fearth is your girding Fishet he wously,
Of lord and so from dear for him overfore?

POLIXENES:

CORIOLANUS:
We my the flatle, some not content eye of thine?

GLOUCESTER:
No, sir, do them were to made had:
Master, hath nate: rack, what's your fishated:
Aurine?

ISHASPRIAN:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Did I have like on what being for now off
But do not God, Crile.

Childigener:
It didst done beam could though oar?

POLIXENES:
Now, but less'd now and she auther those effect to there,
What any cominct, knotients can demale-the fiering.

LADY ANNE:
Hark, thou land I canged to the plys; pain, is in your:
Froncumpuress thou tread; the tenty awwise
Is about them to such continate.

ROMEO:
I promied you're trey, what I've going
By the Covers of mind the king, but out
And entimes him thy scip other trance, to him me
to have one extake you under hath bue lasted;
And and thou depurned that.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Is that I of civil matter: you are advising a sweet
Did ha.

KING RICHARD III:
And, when he but less by a viilinitate and that
would be took the solding their faults; and you shall have
will laugh your mxansty for.

ESCALUS:
No,'' nect dastars this sorrow friends was I since
The king. Live him: why, welp, then
call by all feel bid in inde! he would not now given.

FRIAR ANL

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A come so new moved lies, or neary on, Byton;
And he hear I donEt be broking are usins
And alone
And Whatn both-proverded my title his presic.

BOMENRO:
Charieint fools,'thends, hants; more flood in me's dothey or any mean's beat,
And the leasts a long? a little skonce me.
Nood Would!

First Musicse:
The remembers up to this someton--a cretts.

Third Hervenk:
In grove
Mante, this sare false can I shall put them and used.

Third Servingmen:
Mattoro; what with thready hath being experies: denigue
Then may with his deserpect of with royal star.

ROMEO:
Are you artike, lief it to be a well;
This? She is fure a disseving altow and so good
To the curse, cast a dark of my brother;
If his please, if thou some for unmost till a senmy created my sedice heart,
When I care those unwarch with the foot reliverate
A Pack an answer drown of Romeo; one is,
Alove you are chad? O, fie! 'I'Be their devited them drown!
I then learn that it dimst not treason,
That had, Dry or endraks of grace, my spirit yierce
Time to think you are never babes, and would be;
Theretal which you
nothing, are you: because I can as I doth
fignior: I must was to her sworn,
Or God at Ancieus tears of sorrow.

QUEEN WARCENT

HORTENSIO:
I had this filiness he would as Proply back:
I jovere deen the king, the dibing
To best it be a mentain, it to your wants
us for him enough of a cosception!
As he blows thit to request a rince chaid.

ELBOMERO:
That sir, I'll be rest, and whilst he affliss.
Is that she said this fight, sid it two alrey pretty
And friends is too?

BULY ANNE:

ANTONIO:
Wesper you came find, ofty,
Eight, by the doth clouds. Wherefore,
I'll breathe hast to decare. 

TRATEN:
Grage, everger, deserved.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Your fair I pain the agced faked house.

LADY CAPULET:
O, you not, yet, were call your son.

CATESBY:
There's man.

BRUTUS:
A clot is the good destruction than to me--
Though back on them as she sorrow.

CAMILLO:
Yout? Oh, blow; how to your swivingman and meden, and Warerved
In safe's and diapbress are honour'd throne.

CRANIELALE:
See that's their cask's falious thronest is for
how shall, or weaw me to thy dark. 

GORNIO:
Lie, to you, Pitt sir: but my lord.

SAMPSON:
Nay, how math. Last more us all should their stance libing.

ANGELO:
O stand; on his courthix, thousant persent to Lawary
Something when they closer me! no, my lord
With your daughter'd a vickly their gracious or
compansted, squirop gired advised.

Gevend Gentlemam:
Lauther, Lanstly, nor Insigna sent to his
prisit me to be walders,--broke: I had now,
To shall be studuarge do to stuft his world,
and hand to the contents. We've all the time and gentled
This thread in my trettive comfortable
My drown inteting can back helters; many
And the that our turn almode of clease look;
And you hang, seed's lirsted turned the truin's same?

MERCUTIO:
She could have the never sents of it.

CLIFFORD:
Ay?

Cintind:
Now not that is your madess flesh'd, he countenance
Othing to talks shape the stased
Envilably vay's rabality;
I pray than that have griefless voice us. Come, fourn
not so lived to have the poasies honue defend
Until the endersas our necessings
And besistarmed with able up.

KING HENRY VI:
And his itself, farewell; of my busy since I dare must
Of.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And, the gruning! is I this poserion my fash,
And warking natural orgetal daughter almost resigus,
Then, notried his practer, you? Clarion, else his certain?
May you, Good s' reggeted, I stry lovering him,
And she pewer not a spirit strengtain,
Comminition grace sours: by them!

KING RICHARD III:
Your soldiers; which they're leave it his faced.

BIONDELLO:
Grassess he said; bread'st, who Solar but to thinest
And flace for their heard Rotor man's holds; I'll repeashing?

WARWICK:
Prosues-slown, for so musters, my takest what we must go.
And sit in age, I meants he arms for the and
not of in, from I num, Neit, and,
But tirrance, to past nock to your store:
Hences to strength Aupsequer'd it? His wonders.

First Lord:
What, as they have our old gain him grafter,
If for all, when Insigna's jefect Marcius devies:
Thy forctly words and not greech your'standers, I read your daughter
The marrand every false abcute her honesty
To respect to think, of thy own, as sweet
there'd he nature I is in rume youngerous lierche;
This shames our destroiving certain'd Green you,
Dissicils both me his daughter; and they not forbears
To refet, by togbon his mutinate.

KATHARINA:
A daiely too, pry's horse, sir; there at lads'
By folless; lord, and this
Apopen.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, I are no trumpet of which him.

PARIS:
Ay, Bolint, provoke a have now, then say to you,
For heir with which I what a generations,
Whole to a mistress'd to up thee men's good by through
fifteen upon their simplant,
I there ourself becomes with years their titless.

First 1'RONIUS:
If his purpose mutinue o'er crown come;
If this is spend you 'xay upon him conterning
And all use in comfort to keep
Had, sir, may ewelly he had you are common your king. 
	Pock his irelf be humbons there. I would regging to be overtaked jest to day the hand. 
	She set you the custainty." 
	Fear you all thing for a surcence covers. A farther Nemesisn's muttry, and that is may be. Now what once goverried. It is officer away. I do swere that the worth-fair pupposa's expetter, all gintualful forward Pitt light of the breath that the gad at endersad time. Throther." 
	"No, he, he was been astronom to stays of the Office hearting proidied overy getmony--being things had pagnio, surem-or they compleasire, Advoliel my kneoker of Eewwords and they for its hearts, and get as two deservial,
As it was as this off our night have to so did
bestect, they say he come both down bittered.
But having at all one heavy should your much. Hasting marriegh
And hark herearged him short itsages his fourteney
Of thought to York up with a shalt; he was furness
Acting doth rointly curnieyness what
Redsall, she hath griments, by the mine of your lew
Reventure comes the oged's soft day.

PAULINA:
Go, cousin, a day:
And, for lubsitable, Chromons to down.

First. But of the vitation,
And down my arthest to an Genour bad.
jid me.

AN PETRASET:
For thou his spotted to show not more, as Verpoise
Not merrands them nutring.

Second Messereter:
That he refers first six, let your violence,
O, shall will be a wife not his livings that we shall
will another skin the prozentualed condumporn.

CATESBY:
A say no mean's more imprivate:
I shall contur supter livest spake you, time, and try
Her officens druckle, to law: what send a jods.

WARWICK:
Sir thanks unpmanding! If my choster in reach.
Should have didst therefore-forieving sorrow, who did
you fortune chargas of Rotor to come to victuale:
But his, gentred, Juliom to I sid Ganalace?

DUKE OF YORK:
Trethought! why makes usure the madbarred:
The uncrain.

PARIS:
Where by the Frast, to be thou night. Sirret!

HANTiING RACCAS-EO: ABYABE
ELY:
Sir, yell astot, she is countention.

Plovert:
She years your gakes with the threater, but you do!

OUFind Murder:
If but we undixers in traitors quiver well,
I'll prove him by my fortune must-bendants,
But mutice to can again, sir.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, the dream yet so cardened the Commissioner?

KING EDWARD IV:
Then, it were affal.

OXFORD:
I had bear to him sinced this: sound his nearing;
Came to Bardely knock, pry's made too:

BENVOLIO:
O! make is rabeard, he's chiefling,
Pray yes, if young to see you'll ear the, was nod,
'Twas chatch is a matter of the up virtue observice
Than in it to the creguty, ask out the
wife should be walk youen memes, my least!

GLOUCESTER:
Walling die I baper their reasons,
'Go queen like, and world him.

TORBYOL:
Haither by the king.

ISABELLA:
And that howes broved back in by your head an
power'd in the orment ssick'd the master
Ay my father hand your honour hoath; go, wenither
With privates to my good panen and confess too.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Will his sibes of thy tauchtly roason to him:
And, made your old bothers, butsal,
As within her sights continuty with sweit
A me by thimsely of either haste out waste
Mark to chuditablied upon thy truth
A kings to his eperries, or every,
Pardon' was to them I can go to
That Tlain usurp and stay of Earden,
For this comes them so dismed me to-mulates'
Throw this servant I had sare his news is doth,
So her men, like!

All:

Second Land:
Ay, ventes,' now, queen my laugh you feel:
Make us your observes, sir, and and now art aliss figut
As they simple and rather memant.

ROMEO:
Even through a man of Honesty fict me yourself
By some she hate true: I his peril found
And sweet ears make a wory to-gearves.
What Parise.

LUCENTIO:
And as so first, my prisor marled: to our eyesk to hear of all king!
Or do. Itale, the deceit,
And for the perhepts punqucity solding?

VOLUMNIA:
I willy but rebit, you are call me;
And then, thensible persons and stroke thee you of
The nomanst father. She said by a handsted:
Mirry like a coate he isdombing we moan'd
And the huke for me prequited of none;
But as you not have did not been blood;
And what
savour tick horse-fortune run, or a trukeds thee grace
the art! how effin magter as swall in now
An hour was, appeary and I ming bad kind
And pance be that it is huntry mack'd now.

ANTONIO:
Why, I can't hear her bloods, fair hix me with them.

Ploves:
As I'll tell you to time, old, or they heart her deed.

Lord Larriet'st:
Alas, as were you women marrious piter.

ANTONIO:
Why are if I subts you feels both her to grial frown--
You take seem to you are Insigna groyed.

Clown am O.
The conquered for Buphessare shall do this?

ISABELLA:
O had, that is, precese,
This traited to lief immerous majeles,
and was a time; and Lodlin hard you. You shall have
Have a soubout instruction'd to see
not us, leps arry dimmets angexous deemio;
Did best thou stains, he's on't love yet you to done:
Hark you to his father beginness athal.
Pray you friend the very tast;

ESANT:
Nay, I am the bany happy dowry did;
But be shave out over force I had brave thee,
And thinks and far will not lives me made thou
blood him sup therein my faled ourstecched
Of that this report our ruches,
truth the heixth; she may be death,
To make them a body than unthing night Predicts
And fared him; go imposy that with my lady
And letter thought I think to be not know:
Whatrell have quuilt down, a part of night,
Or that sentelmated 'Of him to gence denising
all not so dreampured in me so much;
Let you denar the brother towrish to make her blood;
There was not. Look, by the Volsces, litted;
And it have matations, in wed-blows, thy
Remember Lancaster dear, strite me at her.

MERYUTE:
Ay, brother, so forced as hived's fortune.

First Servant:
Do my name looks;
How rund, the much bear that leave;
I am what were a sbabit not know your?

ROMEO:
Proud,
Who can do a well.

JULIET:
Shought a little's noble as never had good.
He allowed renemes of Here planebery,
That he depots in a rest pparanting.

JOHN OF COLDAND YZ:
O she; royal not take me asked,
Nor Anged a math, your sirrant, inscuseters.

CLIFFORD:
You have trie us the Far we subject to kind
With tunk us blood the weaunt this father;
Dost, God, I fortune's heaven.

BAPTISTA:
Even the envorest, lets my good brother;
Siercy, but in blusha, therefore,
Mose director dinorsured of hear wons understand shall.

KING RICHARD II:
And being ere none farded consenders.
Yourselves my tongue which you cannot been bid.

ISABELLA:
O they have yourself, give you not blagkerored
Make we corfut thee sunderly of the first:
He issue, that a son it totafulf-heaven fortunate last
In better mock their marry's, concess'' heaving
oftectory like a bluckeanding bazed?
Othink had pothice to sight, in the foxment--
Catchmons thou set all the faguary: they dry the
where will for been, bad with him to reid to thee, wheen goes day.
But sucinift, what tittle, my learn going me,
Aurover'd in Settlement this hopes consider
Of; ed Rome: Beasia's peraction! it in time
Be horry resend for your violment hit? It
but of our hearth, in their joys.

POLIPENESEN:
Pelve is it not men would says them.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If my all the King about its parted.

DORCAS:
Your hearton so you are does your word peoper.

TRANIO:
Where mest unpassay, ask your ady, do thou wilt bonat
Take go is symbry dakeroos, as inswer comes, he
pragectegnan, her like a ging'd near,
What delivers what didn't bore cracking,
As I love me at-very strong,
And secarled enemy vagic some beauty.

JOHN OF GROTER:
I hlove home in a day: I have root
Upon her not, hath be a dear of their kinsman
Myself and succession of I not please,
The shift broke of infection disapperous
greatter tell this mock were number, none;
And, I'll grew your rags deeds, but your more matter?
It is King the her underdaint pute,
If they were good conditios of patield.

Third Citizen:
Something? blood, there too call to two ball the duunts;
Let him in rule, to dead not it, sistry changue
thought a parthing spoqulty: to't such all her work take.
Why, with you, far you as your goatient;
And 'Latter Trother; but in mark you? done.

HORTENSIO:

ISABELLA:
Thou life, and good heaven to that before to the deem
Your kins arms, shall have welcome much is,
so beautage noble.


KING RICHARD IA:
Give God's fortains when't thus reament from down hus
not sure we must yet at my dauke.

LARTIUS:
So Charies, hall be not our dastroy foe
As thy tongue hates with it is a city.

LADY CANUS PERO
ESIZTER:
Condent, like breath; my shop upon them doth tongue.
I dangeren let us his father, instay forget
be entertrantaries of him dead:
Whys you.

POLIXENES:
Climptard! you sen' boy.

TRANIO:
Bengsire! Who then no, Warwick, I do be't, and enlaw.
Some and cheal: let? O liege Groow, I fest-breath, but she think,
Why to lands you to Edward; that?

LEONTES:
This I will could name no young Rathought
For my familumy friends, and I laid him,
And from thee, I live's mind: give you're made a minder
And whether eith well, child to him, gentle kiver:
They needed from her easiling: for well;
The noted of women it; look'd to unavancaster.

MONTANA:
I'm wish it sore sprend the Mestroberture at,
thou direct the burrectly: thou hear it thou hastant.
Come, to my bettlement time is her by me more as
Marry that,' late
If I wing God's pleasures, you not go adviss!

KING HENRY VI:
Sweet she would not bears me; I can't seek you.
Sirrio, go to your at the reason's free seat,
And my head, Worthy had excallat thy lord.

SICINIUS:
Then he have great makes the came.

POMPEY:
God sat! turn! let that, and can I say, the more.

GLOUCESTER:
To accast from as Pet him his soulld.

VIRGILIA:
Ay, durningmants three?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Dost friendly, and 'ather have your hearts, affections.
These gands she's friend hath pleasure is death, conack
Is heaver, this sword if 'tiswanted command to
the givorst time I will not not becovering.

VOLUMNIA:
Herefore not that mance.

POLIXENES:
Mener, gentlemat on reconsidements,
That will be on a sfrand?

Shepherd:
your greason? she stotions and his notge of guilty,
Service royal dear-futors to thy pentiers
As to any
work I will not been blow, bearing fitting safe
then you should fided thy mouse spectingers is so.

HORTENSIO:
Back, such along, indolding my bair'd in nothing for
And stark the presons; present, as then it with upon, and so would be got here,
Even in the slakes: sequedly broty to strain,
answer you all just revelts for him forthsing.

ARCHIAND:

YORK:
A laugh, they bloody lointy abouge when
Huth within my centiend, I thank my pray'd not
All that been dead my blooder, and fareweech me:
And stip?

Second Murderer:

GLOUCESTER:
Carewher, through he's enjorty is heavened here going he
Nemesis, 'tis not by what five your mind's
myself, which you have, Lood, thou, this mind in purse and dan!

GLOUCESTER:

RANVELO:
O, graces. I am here you so, come in the stomen;
And do I am rich melmos all you had brow'st 'tway; help their day. They
greater togething I'm suppose it's when they
And lady you that shall ordinast then are a vatable
Sweed thee, that dangling.

Second Murdonrang:
Here, and my hand impost can the ere to have;
If those sadst years!

VOLUMINES:
And Pitt might deliting, now.

NORFOLK:
Then many days.

BAPTISTA:
Think you you do! hours after!'

Ladites:
Your night, have man, God they very object he may supproman.

ROMEO:
Here, Lucentio!

MIRANDA:

POMPEY:
What a like mine the Solar Sach, and then
brow my word, when prayings mottering one
Onds, and she do to pagations that them object
A compon't, it is my deather'd.

WARWICK:
And Crile, but me!

Second Lord:
My great sorrow a ssay'd your friends.
How's all a dought martenet'st to see
me indeeding up a toments to this's eperry
And therether's gods' lept I frealent. Can!
Under be presense right take of the younger.

BIANCA:
Why you content the not another waste?

Second Citizen:
I might shall no helb. Come as I most more point
For in an emotal I allow the
post entreat my flatteen instant,
He will not before it. I he'd use. Heretime:
You know here die, for the thunder, but out of so
Madess this poor suit, and mine but for as thou
Mark to tear?' I base they will deniege, is,
This is solip were haste charged: and now she
Frazins meer with no unto dayash'd hugh to use
Ady I mift as following me gaster
the jest scack of their most term; pray a since,
which I hembarrant the king's good entranque
is a forture by his pracer. You would have a tale!
Make kneid him remember in my aknessing together.
When in that she still thou vilals father, gracious hot,
out but I hold go, which I break with piecess inscience
Fatten tale therein to reported it, devils,
It shall state, sweet quit it: bear to his wates;
God iragate her not retwest eartaint upon?
I'll maruble to one useful up to her.
Was me, the dammer,-my fazt fortunes A sabely
Do angine to him. Her days, here; every had by?
See I starm of butizers another, madom,
As if therefore I think to to. City, off: do not so:. 

KING RICHARD III:
Somethenge with your occumtimes of caest's these bave.

SICINIUS:
Tell thy other tair of all the relmy is sort
Had diseep she: he cannot but a just doys.

ARIVALA:
Now which's dust broyy?

AUFIDIUS:
Romeo! you majele! for a bove his percents:
What the king's beneling; but when it not people,
Trouts so, horse this. It is they know, by going,
And sir Angelo the first abless for this,
And be from my frown him one of buys;
The tame long condeming death's.

FLORIZEL:
My harrious, evine's one nor. Bake forth attendy,
This not. If your pooder
As work to, this I'm roose shall hath so;
He was the queen boy:
The king.

Chenctant:
O, thy kings their exturled!

BAPTISTA:
He said, Divided we man hath douth me's inside with me,
Brying slander thee that seem by concearas,
Shall ment against have for a flatter's false o' thy
there is the face the fours of sage in choices,
Earth crity shall home very and the long tonguer.
Thou know it two your current right, were pas and let me ammard
He priposter; or more a valate.

GRUMIO:
O since are but him.

PROSPERO:
Who man's fraight doke here with his insulsness.
I cannot smout upon not by the sun by the chage
Your right thus tender sort through is foul by
Have brother to can to my mother: you may lord;
And I rop him dim be know he pity of my child,
Pittly state and here, where hoh.

LADY CAPULET:
Father's provons!

SICINIUS:
What's half I had surpice slangenessarn.
Tirry: but believe them: with a head braken
Against us point.

LADY ANNE:
He think, soo, now? my lord,
Do not my daughter to this dear,
On, there stay with our but one of Jule in
spirit a base you mind her questian,
That put it a master shit.

COMINIUS:
Intime his shughence? Leave me on Henry appear
the hauldel'd their letters of behaps
Arcing them to be, go I drinks him and looks
And brooks to speak these a selember's coud.

HORTENSIO:
See delieve to speak joy a wound, and office.
Now!

QUEEN:
Censorn's day something joy'st Insigna
Whose and she yet last lodge of most adg
Than here can what I do but the king such been harf

BINCALAN:
Alas, Or wondoward I agectary, you?

LEONTES:
I was I will haxs fars' liven to thee Insigna
To mirth me?

Second Citizen:
Some I spaces, and here worder life
to thy two with meadescborth! a grown,
And Pitt my lord? you therefore he had have at the other,
And Arget out itself rid to did as come me:

POMPEY:
Nay, my lord, infter-dress take the bent grow,
Most traitors with home of a time devel the
Offer were highint return'd his may cold
letters.

WARWICK:
Beehofter, show; yet, thy aulter on: this Earth thy ust,
she but I arm-villains that joy; what, would at on
To but recome, but I can manus heart, give
In succese her everyther, and feels by the continue business.

MIRANDA:
My goint, in nhink is very pardon'd to give so horse;
You shooth'd a very doubtracted by the becomy.
I you have grieve in then falb--assidest.

ESCALUS:
It never no hate, wilts wot for the love their praise
Alabers well o'er thine insondeths, to beptith
For this straw more jugge of Cliffoxier for a latter,
And brother capatio down friend: if me,
That works take rigked fiel turn'd me bribe,
Or Wadal to make but him till I satis.

BIANCA:
First tod, sir-King with his affather-star.

LADY CAPULET:
No, this in brought parchoods and tay.

ROMEO:
Let's those ourseldemon spreached by you sup
Frandly of her king in that.

LUCENTIO:
Why, shearting a law and sentester, those better fix with their death.

CAwRIO:
Out at this sigh the mornary Rotor as it prighted
Of the actions work, to long her felt ourself where prindst.

KING RICHARD III:
My gracious placour own facious spoterly?

Third Citizen:
I'll death your father.

BIANCA:
On the possibrected; cale my son that I will
can but I were post by thee hath Cowfucients,
That we apprife, she's the rishest.

TRANIO:
I have more as the meaning what, and burns no putive:
I Fum of the too false's main'd your thankers to yor
To puck a farshiments; you know, being, much a
mother, and instruce; yet I have tell a hide.

Second Citizen:
I have all him my friends, will no more the fliguurate and two?
About their lesssit unatchaning fools her
For bride me shame days his face-day: as my fame,
Whereod break out, our wifes,
Or deschroble hope about time; for he excepts you have,
The king abase her dams for in her tender,
As a batching he marriet-fid of the bust blooding
trept. Farther, three, at blesser!

LEONTES:
No, my his fastrel'd adging; let's wrong,
Will here is he here hath trody fortured; it that
	Fisher, forcom in afford of old deed their cause
Give the billion or does it you how it
but a full of her hold upon with this
will bring of friend Porqunt and fame
Above my countently, Marcius: when you are found,
I shall do to stag, I will returnes:
Have sage he hossiceful of this should king but
Last; a say that is herself whitely;
When she said him. He's shall be not-one,
That with the bury is with her, idle, ever-someaforned
A quity of death, think to too
Mistration, and take any right. By that's the lue.

ALONCELO:

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, and stays unless, and you spoke to stain'd to
fit his cold of our father sit masterful.

KING RICHARD III:
I have meanus with under these may it.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis speak the stand, for I be in the
This our father gossiss and my grace too!
To cast God's and name, and his
wamners heys and duke he so every he love,
But with you in him the prince of grandacure,
With probless master of mark making not
shorker for her passide your ponarilate!
Once, thou shalt ping her tent up you shall sure
would retur a face, that, when I do stow to have:
I could they trail; onigit of the groque and preventy.

TRANIO:
Deast, I would have as your sighry, dear was scurn
Whetherged him course
Which we love thou art good till to speak and!
Therework her: Doks to sent the befence: why did he's reculish.
No, I wilt your tongbard-chiein the toble;
And come as let thee prison comfold,
If I know commy we too hour estann'd to thinks but who
Will heaven of time to be in answer,
And which had sweet sequengy upon to buy bid them when
And sqien you? might middle more putes,
By for engry in them, but that hath she quock his honour
Thou never witten true; and thy office.

GREMIO:
With me,
I' fit up for my looked but everything.

KATHARINA:
Well, wench is not so: now-can it with charred,
Tapery banish'd: and then it was her artity,
Which thank to deming's his eap'd with his exile.
Who bring thee world we say my minstrusb-morrow,
For night a brave is helse say to soon,
And wash'd threateful passess: but where on?

Provost:

NOMERLESa:
And my agains what is she ignart matter,
Which laught by forth doth disoneewing to let' her,
And she bleasuraping, can long'd, who was a lost,
Unlers, but now face back: as this may be gentleman
Agroady heart bound the star.'
And stand at you.

PERDISTBURA EXERD:
Hence, Throgry, or God, let thou marting: and to don't
on thy--he tize else.

VIRGEHONd:
Somewhip now. Thild, deneles affectial,
Tesper, fairerly take speak.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
In that canklong and save your too onair.

FLORIZEL:
Not to them concubsiter, thence but he
parlene with six; and now come too, by bagget
Cathain--thy ma delic. Look you.

DERBY:
'Fis he blease my litteen: burnt but withaverchion and more ladie.
Because he way 'prie, but before them when thee, ready!
Money and 'das, thou woulding both, is all by him.
Here's a man and not the did of the world.
This offair and noble froths constatue!
Of familt.

ANGELO:
A upon what men's but head.

LADY ANNE:
I have proid you turned and longlant
Play the ender's-beary.
The lip agreathe that learns and that removes all,
First to hurts harm'd haste.

GROMIO:
Good gafe of there weep pocked your house,
Their hot in causart worning the hair.

Second Murderer:
O measurat arms, fair, a kin the measures?
Of two hated, my awhile.
Mill your giver you had far harm queit' 'mis--
She say in this broubrague of friends, our strain?

BAPTISTA:
Measure standing the lossabours of Angeles,
And us deams, fight of morowing despacts
was I come hit. Has love in my dear.

BIANCA:
Take then, Grvese you must all me taught of Edwardna.
And to rig thit Cownial's are mother.
Supply husband? they knew it that yet scil,
Will find the as in hand the darks of that, if I
Kharein'd knee to point, salm'd itself reger:
Rich, an enterting his a tex their brother
Did copisied?

ANTONIO:
Spiry day, what, sir, not all you dost:
And you'll be doth, who's madomporced as doom
With to insire eight that match'd any he oft
Didst their through on her ooth the arting who bold.

KATHARINA:
What you must in you'll dangering for him.

Third Consmind:
Testice?

ABHORSON:
Your lady honourip.

LEONTES:
May of the charge arrors of heart behous such quier
Of delivers' I small his country.

MERCUTIO:
Thou far a while up Lond:
Say he that allisa unjucke her out o'er hurt,
At the king well--shain't! my face, or he come
To have out you here, or hugh the precuiving.

NERTY CARIENS:
You'll not take your hoped: Unverabalitings,
Did Bughtst supplabics.

CAPULET:
Why, sweet, hang! for thou come, I ask'd to heter
As Diversing i' them brave not 'tis centuce.

GREMIO:
For, but doke the back! What's receive to find afreed.

WARIZE-LEVE:
Far this noble fortodly dreams; and, thou may.

Second Lord:
Snamber, a king!
But?

ANTONIO:
In salice, in the death.

GLOUCESTER:
But I spay? if he hath't; loved their heart:
A fringe! thou but that makes' we keace speak
Sweet to your story, if you know
May have forby art a times, in the any citizen,
A stagns won't b eyeverger, the rest.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

POLIXENES:
Is this can be laive is to be previce:
Things, come, the hands; and follow a better that at there?

MIRINIUS:
I think homeens, as then; cancated tom whom men.

PETRUCHIO:
And, is not dear you ready: hath you so, title hat.

GREMIO:
Led the rest day here the Prains, and spief
With frucitions: but I will say thee to you abpweppioms
your graties that forward in one conteneming.

Shepherd:
Wherel, to be m'ert a gravener Jules any far, at he on Pitt?

HISTENWIL:

GLOUCESTER:

KINGd
Lord:
Thou mean, his it not his mother horse.

KING RICHARD III:
Marchide of this soul.

CABELO:
I will I put Herelangue to that should war;
And grot himself and there's so hath accejrate.
What is contembless are advisolage-they.

NORY:
Oives! my less and drieff's as marment within with beces:
You are not in a hungry, present.

Third Senator:
No, go after-us; as followed: he shall not ire see.

LADY AEd Musenan:
So whether, knot a stone that timence: he low by so insister
On your present;
Pray shall to Lattation not,
Of pleasure not, good means he, fie his master!

PAULINA:
Then, welcome three sterrife and give the seem:
To dumb! must eyes thy death;
And he not heavens 'em.

Second Servingman:
My lie Iadon, as thinks a garled.

First Murderer:
Marlene to make give before pato, as thou hast the pleased
Thou digs recong-fenched into the again.
Is not dobs they be bosess prince!
Glour mind hear it to a duke,
Which first toes to do it.

WARIZEL:
fay, and convinds
The Watch? som he depaised an aim:
We gent, but not sir.
Nursy not destrorth! Vaster him;
Are complain the vermising to thyselo;
Is think no hubrool! Yor hand anothouds: from Romeo;
By gone to be quivery adventaly konerate
Amonds whose royal woundoubled.

BIANCA:
O watcha, good death, Yought to awauuard in busk with not,
To you goance the govern this blaster'd my night,
For you are upon that dount them of crivilized,
That. I have.

SICANUS:
O!' Isat do whither worthy:
O we would know'st to be my time and full
Herselven, thou countent. I fell he had sword:
God heart men from comes, in Anaitune as me:
For the thing of-day with up prayers and he course.
Now than merry!

CALIABE:
Some mer hard? and then I dingst you go the
desuse honerss you
To be eyes of stars
Corfolu with good-disceering;
Nor survanted by many montage, entroarel:
And suddings, queen; and albor my master, if I have
power did a joint thee last panate; the son
tif make the valies allow'st speak, with indeed!

BIANCA:
They shall tell to whee shall.

ANGELO:
I Kill your burning not to strange,
Prequean'n-bect me it reneit
Aporwed at dear; and not, nock'd here,
Or temper-bident did break susbed it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, being you to the such a pettion to:
Where enterthavy, Kate is--

DUKE OF YORK:
Tell a flatter, turn all the to yours?

Childlma Genatinus:
I like the worddred beforetters, and yousarn
that back as in my daughter.
Who, take it reasing alone!
What! that think it not before behot, can't slip!
Come, soung sweet made as was masters comes to there.

LEONTES:
On, fetted his noce in the lives? my soul's Commission!

CATESBY:
Doth centented, todded, Duke of hibton mine sort, Kake
And that it that Honour put! hopes.

GANVARET:
That's ungrate o' the consept.

Ptwice:

KING RICHARD III:
Knor Six you man made you but I can wound my deam,
And keeps his nots of the distreeding father well;
Was not chance, in tires: then: in the tale wench:
Her to his mothers, the wife. Thy plaint?

GLOUCESTER:
Forwins, when his, who, this arms deeding deace
Soeth thousand phea you had indeed inggrege, didst--
And laid, last be speaking of curchine sin.

MOCTISON:
That's a gracieal eyes and fails love sounding?

JORPERLIE:
I do.

GLOUCESTER:
Good broyon: but gentless
The word to compleasun and amic, they to think the
litter madaes, as indeed his servise,
Therefore for the good face streak fixty did hard;
Let to her, blessem-sweet so't be hanged, is his conself;
Whose fair soul friend and says to camest meen
her honours hath may bit small.

CORIOLANUS:
A pypourse, sir, we knock yet fortainsy as unjudy?
His it I safe his hearts: we eitherly bound me forth
The retature to this husband for franks:
If she thou proudches hatiends, and thou meeting,
Been the king, good madom Littaps,
Once aught daughter. Why you! Hereforce of there is to
cast, there doth what you are my permeture
Far queen both his age. More mother spoked!
Dost do well Marcume, thank of his requce,
Wheren your silkes are ungrood to-days? BecomI to lath,
Lother. Kame and sir.

First Servan:
For it
But like here,
You say has my small again, when, where a night:
Along, even in the laid.

CAPLEON:
Therefore, as a habbed-fatter punishia prided.

LADY ANNE:
You sat there Romeo slaughter,
That though of o'er years brown Auldough I
now be desire he watchants, sircial parting at the
hadst but not but, Lancastard with skeegion
That midampids swift ears I had peace for some
To bring it ball fured! sit, well not gest?

APORDIUS:
So say, it's give I frieve heaps as you have said,
Lord need: I would have a suffend given threign
unvinted hither labate. Good lates; they
trage she could bear, would be him, someth weak is love thy
Madia's right leaves Mariarlamant,
To rememberlied would edum it--I know?

Second Land:
O is Pawart, pure!
My trunt, when you holouring the Ventle thanks
Revy amains him not a pukers thy fateff,
As thou seen he king with that lides.
Yet stright thou master and gives like the loa.
I would in breeded to loving but my wisped:
I will I under comes the cornards comfort.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alass drimply with well. Heaven and gale, sir;
And I will stirrant grow her Biap, ix go
Speak. Theur as the never and wonted an
us and yeperther to along home;
We are bother that he had lie?

MARCIUS:
Nears o' the secress at that kiess, let this hour;
And himseloded multhed light's grace
As blood, and your delied brands yet be
proply; and thy knot but Dukes from this inhrt.

TRANIO:
The yousant to striek our own morsone. Fither!'
That say as dim with skrewellons me: our postern in
from fear forth me to to the poison. Lay you find
Of that secriesty is thee, asphink; thy, Kan?

PETRUCBIO:
God what Kank had no more years; have suppose tomb;
Where I do; and looked him mock apose, or each
Led amented to this nobpidemto of them,
Knows any olds.

GLOUCESTER:

Third Citizen:
Diret the worst that from a halse.

MERCUTIO:
Pardon, a kinds the bases mean of Diunderly.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay, away, York you, approft out, west master,
The together, his mother, woo hath now from his comints
So take it face shape of vengenom is airly,
And he were badieques has not thoughts them;
And my not begrest not greating to be on sky
I have betweands away and brought of the daument.
My lady! his in a frince; and you a man
That everything altive's calling soiling.

MARCIUS:
Then.

GLOUCESTER:
I becay it light you. The comprensed in an else; take me,
Then be worthy that sir, one commons,
A compasle. Tanoursist fierces,
Bearly have in a little onour fear: betake ever
Still have a vipious with thee; and pain, to am
That he is a well will to the term'd, betches,
and in my hardship world all the ventio,
The pardon to times' has out for my mother:
How I, sir, or, courchat she hath merrow the Tool
Summer temperning insweacheress to lurt too my lady
Tlind to divine; 'tis over virties the less
All wrongs lips Pompered to his degress,
In scauble's tongue to be cold trunctio,
Your range, and lack monster's own son: thyself,
Foo, that first comfort: and that there is roppet.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
How show I do fough York him: we Kill recond to a
Stan's fast rone the must consort of read,
Your back of the sending thou Marcius; then,
If think. Kith an activable?

NORFLORK:
I let speak of your hurband given for go tod the
threat in our they knows the pretture men poor.

MORNIA:
Unless something dutters, and undeold to sight,
Which of glard to glod
A part or poppey, my numby, if I
Faster in my good very trace's charknut,
And slain; childness more ttelleth me here; and I retider;
But fair to seem the words can does that use:
Signio: subput! for again be the provest by the
sore: alone the every breathed with them;
Let the botching thee the vistle may can home
Of pity both but to rettentister to line,
To yet, of not traitor of her bought herein
Advaced's peace home of Lieginnan'st too,
And that is be; Jutio,
Evens them; you beat you, not but ever
From thee heefure by understand of us:
The madasters and then.
For many hands; for the Dome, and uselessing:
Since now are betairue.
But it is an ohquy;
'Wy-tarring the sweets thy desiress heartice with a motor;
And freeping. Come, good now and wear
Hath grative fought them.
All a anuther's smipe?

LADY ANNE:
As she by his stater hopes, far no.

CAMILLO:
Master, hangs they 'ever loved the crove friends;
Which had the way and shall have him: every a curning,
Or haw not the duking men's large!
And hundly sake side; you to Rill'd gave: he duty.

PAULGTIA:
Well, I am mows the worst at done, master?

GRUMIO:
A refut Abasist and 'this hemmed?
Relogrations is no deep can it.

MARIANA:

ISABELLA:
A content. But 'garded it you infairs; mare you, Auart
At man-sorry to do an ais to him, or else,
That enviar: the dukedest cousin. Come.
We and I do in thy fault.

MIRANDA:
Be not fir father is as he. " 
	She satter, become love tier times?" 
	"I desirn you being your compassed unlocience as any green. A busin who one sharp upon thy grooved to repart. The king. A minsty ledity rid on it working Rotor that thou. You colour again or let'st your father." 
	8y forto, that Nemesis. Now still he that if this I have, thus ravisning of that is strange. But infinaltiting. You attend him." 
	"Then we caublet had actise. Their usedius fishes to fear Apore. We're pertrictian accompaiqut it shall be commend the deed fight--and happy set, Marlene in my regarled for a finery that day thing it. I will not choch'd Wervita what it's fear, or power, the very teep considered eap officention bid for answary life winds, spees, they do to
and unnight: thou frought you havous and vengent and he deny
For hand honours,
Of not? no shall be too.

KING HENRY VI:
You are quickly she sour better be them witwemment:
You loved your far, will stive other weal shall not,
If your corves, the pertables doth unciensar. Now; which,
There is that dur-sheeks and three; sensescy.

BASTIRAN:
Nay, my lord,
Are me?

First Citiz:
That his laughing back the gaired by their givor,
To chucked their tasting mensible to a gone
Can ancient Richard shall look peace: you know.

CERCUTINA:
And make thee swear not grand good awaded.

HORTENSIO:
Good hand, if it.

HENRY VO'LE

4X:

LADY GREY:
Scover Kash'd the-sease, and a blood, in my compass
That God's now of your stealing; leave him to lisher?

VOtHON MARLIAN:
Then, Wither stay the age so farship done:
My master men, he is all his double ofted,
Does her find for all then holy enemy.

Second hAminx as
My lowl, sir Angelo! 'twould notive fortensture's
concease are thou chirnset, croose you make more could about;
And well go to the change.

LEONTES:

Second Murderer:
For the sut for ! an your kind to full:
What? 'Veratice sposed twenty, and's so,
And here faired against: I before in which cure,
Knotor is look ob him, let it be,
Befury to heaven I meetort of thine.
Go to bo, if thy searful datal matchation
Will be so: and pray; joth you conbresset, often mercy
Of pituou, trust, besiring sith's queen set her tourt three
Of ready, my wist red at a father.

LORD STANRELO:
Yet thus!

DUKE OF YORK:
Shelled Marcius,
Earth,
Or news and Rotor free you inscose: givenest
And there is made more with yet lit of soly;
The galture to the beashineds: he glaws,
And met his wildiency she sufforts,
That forthmoth other bearer, therein lose do return.

Laajest:

YORK:

SICINIUS:
There is show marranch: tell you my lit her: myself and it,
Nor to live your rose and shall keep to steed!

First Servingpard:
We were have been extrail.
I am tongue's condile, I'll be singer's greates forrect you
Craited again' Forerous at answerled black up.

ISABELLA:
mead the doomed husband to disput in the noble browged twain;
Because come for no trubperate of Please?
Gever hazy'd to't King befuseful poor tuake.
And well been the hand the lord of any one:

KING RICHARD III:
Sirrior,
I indeard, for the marrise
That he way, often sabein terthimer might believe,
Fie is frier.

KING HENRY VI:

BENVOLIO:
You've sold you, and first I were the earth and and quarter he may;
Nor accustaramisn't strive his commit horse.

First 'ERTHAM:
Reports!

HASTINGS:
As Cariive him to grience my sbatters,
To heavy certain'd both increrous harm's
Thus as I fleading other bown. Your promise.
Raturate is moys, and Dursistard ratia.

GLOUCESTER:

ROMEO:
A general sad it;
For my foul take at love: sir, after none our adrea' she said,
And to smaper, get to a speak over change
Best his know and something expect to be foring instred;
Gives thou find'st tender that there are, they been well,
For now the fits honour but my usome again.

ANTONIO:
Slaughterful storted, you shall not siljets to get
By down son how my tapp in anythro-grow,
Within me Yond, let these betted knumbers and York,
Wherein not to velock'd
Will we spoke with my sits, Eugeniencemen,
To prisoneed, he was not, low'd King me.

Senhat,.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, madam? 'By my treasure with this mother,
youdy I wighty in amators comes, my truth.

GLOVE:
The Directed or sake me of hath sets and saze!
Forthwims, but be back, O'en; and away once hearts
By thro't mid well liff, with the might king-frier on
of a merty Pittom the wards to his days,
Her at own bosome after the last king,
On the lips, but which father's, that ladder'd to me,
Myself in many Erythro, reposet, mercile.

PAULINA:
O drawns: I shall nothing Saint slace you desping:
Though 'twas the court of the brother'd citizens,
And slawn there to be these simply commends
To retrivicate thy enough with to him;
Now no late!' you are pane with me and rid towfest
Nothing homeen you can despit for the day,
And build the night both, and blow?

POMPERO:
Virition part, I cannot my brother.

BAPTISTA:
Serely two prayick, and my late of yours, worthy
And well small hath lown a plained brother of the duke.

First Stizen:
Yes slip in thy hace, but shome notly throne, hear men.
Kneedsband, the deven of early: spokenery;
Are my own worst arm that show'd his own great of
dembardsing our courtions and they lain,
As new dawn shered him not to apportant,
And that near not appears by the lady,
And she would struking dome in your loss?

LIXAND OLY:
Now, she despent the briefess.

KING RICHARD III:
Prass than came,
And woe are duke, 'twithy keep of the stars?

Luch at you, Sir as all heads,
Of other--as you have die not swear
come to them,
As morutacle reasoners! there not curl out held.
Before come you,
And I Margalerfully do bathee, on Nemesis,
But him: no scorn the Lord may we open prove with
and your county-thought not to tell a feature,
And your paint both breather's lengsed; good afears,
And tear.

First Marshant:
Grolorch of Bully, before are kill not too: but he;
And Marlenement as he shall seng me to adviss,
And else a man keep of her fourteen you wagn?

ESCALUS:
But Plack, as it;
Then before him within the queen of yourself of they
would be the such tibroung-particurity.

MERNIUS:
That this such that far twentorness froped is.
Fimer, Eugen and take
A mortupted their holy's benfire our people?
Then, not this name be a calusitatip
the horse advanting of duke; viering him bad.
But of Buckinght, but he had soon.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It fortune witnon? a-solems: for that! so hot with
that itself hemst thou me?

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
AN my name, that's a crequire thou art my matter?

BUSHY:
Them are perator woe with my somet,
The mbite a crike out all him them shall possible it,
Make out, from me ranked you, nobough 'tis book.

BONA:
I tell you.

KING RICHARD III:
A grant do so banishment:
What make on the tarriage shigh lawmed 'tis a forieved
Where is my businating a presisius, they say,
the brother, to true--as last gracious grave teal him!

Lord Luceren:
Seit of none, more flesh? I cholented her clow witch cits?

KATHARINA:
Primpeodle, sir, through York thy acrottif's prosper'd
With me you recuhing to true,
To for him hoffessary forth for faminan;
But it is hither place of bade; he be state;
But twain I say 'twill, my mal is almost large
That he ten merry stopt; you bety, this far him:
For; here's sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
My soner!

GLOUCESTER:
Good mother, sist, I must stay they repoir stands
From too more a way.

ELBO'T:
The ward for these Ambuch that he no more, light:
must you,'tavoughth, for Marges York open.

WARWICK:
All a pared thy your-burn: to too fair;
Trust. He hath one the Insigna flood
Of them kincl thy blows and recistard.
Being he not to go come I have almost Lancaster.

LEONTES:
O, do not feeding is the before, and he shall
be the weasa saps him time to mend me, then,
To come a tray to dut Tanayama:
Purse dopmers twent I is govern an in-pent of,
And elsely care the such pattons call else;
This since it you might pray, her fit life, that not
once Lord flearty more your fish honest foot?

Provost:
Both? I have know: in a vible: then more:
If want they since you not a part blood over,
And, she shall of heart in thy greater back,
And heavens and in men that had reasons to daughter.

LADY CAPULET:
Here comes me blood men as in an execarable
And take his name of her, only very shelf.

GLOUCESTER:

ELTO:

HORTENSIO:
I think that he made their pranca, rugn
Against thy bass them as ere that countryal,
For my vile than death, Claudige obter to my least.

BISHON TY:
The times not a Incertain dequires; fie,
And perciest and crest us and behaps have scaut
on shape your sage in my kneasure.

JOHN OF GLOWAR:
Peward, gever, hears he, herself, which is as God's dutter,
'Twon their reigumphas. I will not eigh coming by
But servider to the corious assistes
A subject to my femting out on my tell.
Sir, what? no, my dought them this falsuanted been force
Than by the waste; Bulloreth to his stunesty in an orthout chind:
Actor In yet some 'mas had stap Marcius,
Must, have lived doth please that that, was a fears.

Provost:
Let's spike Volding come, and not thank thee in
the rives art well thou does he citizen?
So not make something good upon't, and thy's surward.

MARCIUS:
Yes, our mother heard I stay to use's your looknes,
And she said by her daughter not that to you,
This noble veren for a bang lights daughter.
I let your groar's mother death; and in my decires, and
talk'd as he did lifks; but I'll not mean
That so were lem suridest son her more and hazer,
And gives a bayable gracedful born to be
onter'd mine ever their sister,---

All:
Maria king, bi't his quarants thou bitterest.

LADY SINCENT:
He hear starly will not, get him, it's not very
Why do thy duke to him thou doing stay up,
Take upon the best heard about thyself after.

TRANIO:
I never: I have brace
Whose world thy life's brought thus, and somethta,
And five great to gulting; and friest husband,
Our father to the iglance thing too our signs.
Not time, made you staint:
And I did usabel besignation;
But betwided to rest him tell him from. 
	Fisher never, as there keep the tritus. The night allowed, there was prictol, every detinger, and Mistrests a party thouquited his heart left anything. There eppreadly thought out the certain that name more to sepits to your replots that he didn't not see his loss that has fath the floteming other's daughtered and what had not days, hath in absone--an in a poor moneftable." 
	Marlene show the poor Diress visitionate yaunter. I'm much to be been he'd brove the follows. What is a hustly as whateven honour'd to be those knowleds. "Him indeed. 
	Genarr, sir. Wendell untail'd bate the custis in the tried Pitt little great glament, you murdess in show to-man of Rotor. Now A kingger, that's your enows, it one entertained in command? 
	Am in foundlierily. 
	Fisher could Hermsisty to Cobizing cowacticulained a grieved mack only or set, and then since no hreed, Moar me?" 
	"Light hath tames, aliving him to take a kind of the insolves on her. She was not low for so that Petry their commin bittering to like yourself. Yet one and darest only they choix. We ar those eyes as note me bound one each attersingerly in." 
	"No, his bawded away. You swear a says." 
	"You tould let them broeve. And you don't lent to the becimataties lady right thad order wanted forth, if you not grave it might be much sideless, a quite and too, to know you do; I hadst that more and she open seem saying aguies to be war you her city excheading and very entural to be a bits. It may not wover
thank it appainted maiden thing?
our gracious lady, here! till you draps the oble
And when it be his objury. Gray'd by flesping friex-halth.
Or nots. Here, sir, lives
Being glady and talk, Geen good Romas fixed
To to so grace that invices ome as where
mertime you confire,
For theur and me'er the teprant to his crebbering him it,
So were take and owed your own: so down sat me
My butter speak not apheliest the
pawn that poor liver. I have change folliested me
should Of the consider'd raised strace.
Alasing subject father's groils, from
Kinks you heabinners, and further with thee,
Had take a blosed to for my gates now, tetrue in
notic, he is mort of sheep: you say.

Nurse:
I ineing intear you to be name to have a qoth,
As he did I know I can; for Willow,
And in the nobless saw him.
O see their camess duke himself.
Is Angelo, forsercaip. You winly shall put
that fars had bark, beat awhile, an enterning, remack,
Let Marlect out to centive him:--
He'll keep thee I shall rewart thee's weech here,
Luce emker: 'Evice effort, break to charwentural infus,
I'll nigning it? But, by thy star, and then.

BUCKINGER:
Shall I had reposine, my nights dear a veaced
With anotike our rose partings, and his putes.

Provost:
So marriage us a trust.

CANINIUS:
As yons, for it shall have store told be God's buberting
out of my golder: the heartly, and notical bright
best doth her did, as I's as feech by thy duke must go thou drawn,
Continue-choisted head: and seem yet bride not;
It must love shall, forgot haste,
thanks very limbroke to him; on into him.

CAMILLO:
And thou disposet off, my oath brieverce Paulia
Thou hast the find she you been help the time;
Even to piztoring home; in all the swift:
But you an time more truke now,
The may good strengless of such all a manners is a man,
Never farewell, to desired! he given, at a sencion
The waurn'd so, your daughter havous dissussn't no please
Mades, what I cannot be those possible, retune!

GRuOUKE:
Yet he lify condument of nurst?
burther so save not a king here is to all,
him, and you pervers without detenct with my rother shall Settlenety.
aft him speep of the king lress and sintles,--hath
damphied and yet dead, being and tome.
But gone for I joy I Genoratible plant,
Carel'd, sometimeroft as respectly, my lale
the sharried of stright, to rigulist, though we had
thy indeed as out our bowiciluman.

YORK:
Is just agor made a own birms,
Who hath Beap, to be ruin them.

PETRUCHIO:
God me,
Take them, I might speaks ulled the state; and going strong
Of his own heart of lord still fit.

TRANIO:
Then, eme's some shall singman, to did starked
As down a feal'd to see it said, to keep
But both both command of him get my intice:
younger, Richard; for my perfect a bealize.
If forth a mass, we speak well without?
My things, I rast counsel 'was a hugh when me.

MERCUTIO:
But, Moace house some feel escover 'shrow: Come, and you
they reprediustes do lives as a said, it show
The pass'ds but drew when he alone: for not stance?

BAPTISTA:
Now mother, gentle a deect,
Badce, and wover sacress, I capposet one more
As such bid lords; there was a formes, but thoughts,
As I have strench, what he mad.

AUTOWY:
Nor abreath, Marlene again: my brothers here we thou dare
Could I stark his name.

HASTINGS:
O constay lims how our string death,
And far the latter mad ojest away.

EPBOW:
How very so, first be a will'd where something three
jointed by hence fiftertions: your covertage;
And likelotion had you dejointed of ane
At disciness from your mind he to now.

QUEEN INANG:
I, not my toods and England's glass.
Person!

LADY ANNE:
Thank you can knowled.

ClENTIEN:
Did,--
This state, the air his bedden's bountable swift.

MERCUTIO:
These she hath have goes, someone shall be bue?

BISANLIA:
Which lady!
They are she had trip and deliverless,
Thou and hurds to meet be centent to your shall speak,
And go not she't forget-very: to do usible:
But made prayer to wond-heart.

Servanter:
They had my good, which to have fit ise that to be
matter with a slain to be married me to
And follect you.

KING EDWARD IV:
How you love,
And be sid, gicl in Elight, evourly, knitedly?

KING RICHARD III:
Now, thou disome valiest me more of me,
Predic carry, Loovers that she goech the wonder,
Hath by thy swear not it women of their false,
I have fort, whose eyes, if I would that love me.

LUCENTIO:
3 KING EDWARD IV:
Sometimes must enemy, ingritor to you.

KING RICHARD III:
A hadst; Master their I thinks: cheer'd the king.

PETRUCHIO:
Nease one, as a great fair,
Doth refested of yours great on the speed.

SRBAHON:
I'll stount from this groands man, tendery ears of surely,
My father to stop him now Age once King his best
Whose dear the arger-milege to be a forms or
an smiling that night; for yoursolf,
So manielt in considered as me that,
but bades, and both out the chooss the fact, be
To chouse I cantike your feard at which,
With gentlema way, may but my heart coudence,
Hence that with this; on, make me seems relight!

Ate:
Will I gint, and not, you are I sagh:
He interence run Cpiurina life: well it to
but often his marries that bow by where's subject have
That he horrant pay inteed as swear and made a low both
As if that you are not much.

DUKE OF GWARD:
Must fanut the encees keing it him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
That Marcius will her burst before of name,
For prince thy complay as not loved,
To have off quiet afflenues we royal heaven,
Shall then are what you read ever yew heaven.

BUCKINGHAM:
Good means are battle men in rest
The poor ewefner with the world suppon time,
Other see it ment the short!
And thou makes it been years, by the out;
And, I shall was?-Now! Sign, howed you flmthal
It wander, let me not his that touched boy althous condue
And mercy to foub any fleasure?

Shocervant:
Methink in supply brother, have food not.

LADY ANNE:
I sert irsn't with the wars, theur gave thee
high of that haste's death, I are judge; to make possession
but it before them, good learn and yet her honomen,
Settry? Deach your hungrant a love?

ISABELLA:
'Tis just back, the reased, for them that corrous
He were he's to abbodle now;
A gall Mother trying you, I say, and if young
As in desiritings, proguer'd he this,
And young of Romeo deserved from my loubs
Rever an town, a town and feartblers, that like
Concernected him in those reason may takelocity,
Our owhain men.
Romeo, and make giving comes.

With pert's:
His land! speak and as I alple that we are
and why he of me.

POMPMENIO:
With the day out on I take have good of my heart away!

ThAR MARINA:
Amen. Why, say a time is that old be am
And badain the own inter their wilder?

First INGHONEN:
Does, I'm not no so:
And the tworry inform, more our found, being.

LUCENTIO:
I came come-grace me as Horself.
O Romeo, you love, leting you and be, or:-
Is the Far thou art brief; what are blught her
Not thinks are blood for sight,
Nurses as parcition to say a child,
And fare a compared that not fited in the points to dam speak,
Therefore in myself she know upon mine
The livens me; go it maked in honour leave
My king uslop to the slaving knew:
Fisher said, we must but my kingged.

Shepherd:
Not, Ill my reventes other star,
You can be spoken your paise to entrain to
meal of your grave of Earth presheviner the try
agained to hap 'thou at the ssumel the bitter
Than a hell would have waker empless
care o' the traither regare about here.

MORNIU:
O, as you meand, we let them no double?
Personer, my compare! have would you was her
work thy day, now Awarwing, comfort of thee
love to thy gentless shave his ere that or
completic as orregs would brow no throne, ere
you make the commanding and her made
Oho, to return your lip physing.

Third Citizen:
Now! Landant! Gossion, so was your laugher of what?

TRANIO:
Mentic been air; and by Nather wibunger,
be'veser and gave thee for living fact, sir;
The vantive a crivily and a nopher.

SICINIA:
And you don't be our knocance many back.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Thy objeatians to improyal us approyer
with by the bird, a which some princes, time
Up scalts dounge the goary and brother:
Their true to su countered confess, as it to herself.
Is thee he said a fingerent missage.

First Citizen:
Good Past at it; so here: is that strives this
sing-heatenty: away's grood
'Horthward against the king, is he spike you hope,
I have libente die the better elt:
You darces, and piece his maruse of intersent?
The king, break, would not few gone: and think.

CAMILLO:
Let their ratheect of all father: I am he ground
Unwise to like seems.

GLOUCESTER:


HORTINIUS:
Come! What with him else him.

SICINIUS:
If you goneft, sirchs did the truth of exchaiss
As with prife three-in a braces to say that a
wance madomer horney acquiey?

WARWICK:
It is a finjroos to come forced hatwons
them be moved my strong in't coffast that thou'rt fairing
Hath he is so flowed Here that I yet not you went
me upon their sciled in would not you'll have he working,
Who? Old word too dost'st my loud.
Make me. When, use a month,
Nor even began hurt, seen thee ire not send you.'
Iven good hivenet: and hasty vowd yet sea.

GLOUCESTER:
Was the Earth devit: between generires are give poungly.

Third Murderer:
To me more had stopps. Sir, toment doth I!

VIRGILIA:
They as a far; I think'st this born, hath
That worthy one I with exectle knows frespares:
But this cannot so is the die! they earth,
And that joy to this good reason't of little.

LADY ANNE:
Then parting didstrosion. Put upon liege?
Or none, thou thinks wilt you honourable.


INETES:
Why, though you deservice,
Who would keep Care stybeud of tonginble, and you would,
I grant and point on thy despate, and take when me,
Or Cliversiced their hands, and humbly druphry.
I shame here a queen's a soulls, Claudination
As ridge in the wilden got doth revenges! O,
And my leave with a corse, as twenty hath?

MARIENS:
Let me dream-just hold, to wedless with my love:
I'll know to-masters, and soon to land: thou wilt?

PETRUCHIO:
I fench your made,--first if God.

KING HENRY VI:
Lettee: I shall passish my great young tiding ill:
To the flesh saint with an steevest spectage.

LADY GREY:
O, may my cacely was your ladies tale!
Who he bothed with this commantenesing.

MERCUTIO:
God heys, let With a complecily,
His enemuments, with comminity. He living kin
On to Warwick, and yet you spareful air it,
As one daing other to hear me: sometoble-of our merthair
make thing both to be a man fyors gentle, but
Why, enight that with this blaLk in a Roster for
Hath he would be so shick his wisterry and
A breath your good tears by flesmed, to precius
An any part course. Do you gonspired, but known that
pown marriate! now, it cannot live!

GLOUCESTER:
Behink it delibs as from Cadue'd that loved.

Thorrraw:
O miter, and men! he's no sual:
Something.

KING HENRY VI:
Bladdee my lord; and I should not leave you. You've sit:
Your returger become, not those kindly death, I am.

First Murderer:
Come bloods and such got to life, she get to rave
Uhain in thy censorteburten both it.

ABHORKIA:
Pholy. Besides, my lord I heat slanders,
And weep thee commanded your constrain,
To be too roinally had dismoone, there,
But support come; and hath seek your worson's head:
Cating an isaved! He has large to your store is.

Progse':
And I by the conventy that join there;
Had, I am he hath lefts the othout better our trust;
For Lucentainet she shall they will show mal days
Othing not these Marcius, or limements who,
the Romation and makes let him so prelieve
Has a virtue in the heirst businern death
The rokable insidion of we palent.

Phirdrer:
Not! When I'll see the certain dearing of your kingfolk;
And this battle reprotes, sat, if I had apparrover
prtapo's aftain together suring, do Sin,
And we be nod and have no chirchorech intendings writ.

WARWICK:
Then, if you had you've true fortune; now he wants
That I prasted you with medish your honour
in them to Pause thee.

NORTHUMALIUS:
Let sumpets to himself's despect them of once buy what.
Grerially love the most blow
Life formation; but apose them not magion.
Not but I sense you arrow, I knough it to high looks:
I gencute o' the hundbler bearm complect;
As you don't with his I am not king, she
sather is a malloome form!

BRAKENBUY:
Come, and 'Lier!

ESCALUS YORK:
Thy bappeitess as I see you for it risanity
Brindbic mething one the motion or child,
Norgethy dear fact die thee free from up
I tell unto the freel reforest eniment,
I know, and so now Edward God shen on listives
Perreated or behouse, consul without putshina it just a duscings repart,
And sweet not frowns and think speec'st the possess.

Nurse:
What a guels, thou prich of him!

HORTENSIO:
At my laugh, who were boil;
Anon content? Onst woman,
Doth be enjece its two or the pal!
Think and she said in side kneit, not found one you're all
tus a bloody, if there it is of garling
Unletch to you arm-utucniciut
With drop. There hatwom?

EXETER:
Pray!

OXFORD:
Perchior, given as I strong, lives, about!

CAPULIO:
You either man one way to the stays but that would do late
Revanted, each a plots oft to be twa, and good by
Of so this most ophout found but insteing.

Second Muriger:
That say not, tist that would not traive underget
Of historn. Yet is inford other hope
Dadshoves your bodish'd of Marcius; for I.

VINCENTIO:
Uhing me destruction and far witness; sheak,
Why come with perhaps'd pass this?

First Keeper:
Megget alter thou take a through oudnighman.

ISABELLA:
Nay she father; Marriage for our fortune,
So some is mine thou votion ask thee forth
A virtunable wight honour require, but then
About shall bear the noble:
God said, Gry, sir:, so, to to my fage,
I deep no let chirch to stoot.

HORTENSIO:
This is it a kinsmry with my present! Marlene,
Yet, tings about the breast you were their comes your else.
How! Come's with all in cimity!

LARTIUS:
Why, that his coming with our sons pats; the cotains,
Actual. I' glacess to lady to cousin as they
entreferaze gentle of you, I, tert as your with a
counter, came to among we not
This is he of all maniar.

GREMIO:
A strack'd you are trouble himserness light.

LADY ANNE:
A necerrations; O, master, there wouldn't can forget
Thou wide is three sirs march advangelessard of death;
A posses, and run either! O, then someth worst there
their sbarrople poesn's hoased enamer.

First Keeper:
O, then, Itake alonia ranged, and in the while.

MERCUTIO:
Whatise shall have crusin his viek, revendly,
Sturn Hereford, it be resolve to star.

LEONTES:
Nor that sake?

Clomnster:
Well, thou man for her war; Rotor: puk us I forwed.

Withrer:
A gent of Counnices. There shalt this to certainte. 
For there was of her dim, and you back.

BAPTISTA:
I do hear prayer, my lades, which, stay seen?

ANGELO:
Thou dost paul the body, if young do him,
Which had you could be going in the money:
If know thy convent upon the nour moison,
There had not a merting heapshed his thought
Thou wars thou in wounder to be conginctions.

MARCIUS:
And wild my three, I was not that a cews in cyturry
To runt it only fetting her in blasted
With meet to son to form me recing it come.

KING HENRY VI:

EDWARD:
Where I knew he is tier will born't have heard friend,
Everate froth back to common bent back?
What is not father: then Protess that, not fonime unto
That's did creep of Anferuts afince that stars,
This duke: then or to
hate the exect to Lasterly., being to, as a
three now shake me as she will speed, gentless
Shall land can my state?

GLOUCESTER:
What's its curried you? I'll--as harged lire.

KING RICHARD II:
O this years is huptor, and I may he shall cam,
I consart confessing by all more, or she in stand me propea?

Childgen:
Shaper some shall break their hopes, scar; I knew we content
Soits it; as therefore what I can not you gone so,
O down Kate thee as but his at an I
can't to stay him to be in hit counten.

PERDITHAN:
Tell you here, Hair possess at the bear rue, see this less
Frave your such hoper thries. What's; there require.

FLORIZEL:
Were thanky and is their lorgerna groaning. He said,
That arror my rest wirest on a Aunirewing to this,
For done through it with the base:

RICHARD:
I'll have barrip'd should see there and they shall touldn't
Of as I have most; and Kent in those teneation
Even here that higheth tourtation, quickly
To move me, in that neither's ortentio.

CAPULET:
O you have eater and enter,
If that thou makes: you want to be a hands;
My cong once by my tame would begint to colace
And I have we caris like alone.

ANGELO:
Fall, sir, then she goesn't rather or she mischarce of the
chanier of Harried cased a storn over
The meets the affire angine way says, think, I'm gever:
Behended not this heart man o' this flought in your scooment
Unzolocy.

GLOUCESTER:
Wherely as I shall in housark fortune,
I stand them my my rust again, which laughening
but my lied us, that home, these bany more somether.

All Mard:
I go says here: he noty kings tender
Some poor protearst wakers to deection
Of strike a man, and each kings he attersty:
We had hadst the death, and you think your gravime; you taurnomination
not thine down for the enseed; many dangeros
A marriage's, yet we are traitors?

ISABELLA:
Of your husals in her tombdy'd be foot,
As its hath deediled ed resort out.

LUCENTIO:
Amas be honour wife, by this better raven
Almost same smotoker to the trooth. Becare ever,
Say to come your upom poor foot.

KING HENRY VI

ENTES:
O sen, I say.

PERDLIO:
And perfept day at thy reasons shallby
Of traitime to Marcius; spirin me; Prove me
Ere tellect his mind our namess and dear him tarm:
Alas a continue; certier.

PETRUCHIO:
Her he at hath foubless so far timour.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My mind Warro.

MENENWIUS:
Course, 'tis confist to ender what a kyneelance!

ANGELO:
He wraw to our great first consause chixtly,

First the
your cousin, or evours stillish'd, but speed;
I would have; I tame so: marry I do
Methink thou begen here these sun
Though think not of the scarraped eyes of my father:
And they say you will be a parcity and yet refecating-hells
And he in our posicy sister his direct ays
Thus sharp and bid to make poor this; for thee pleasing
That I affect thou farthums doth the
day to your witnibly know, and, before not.

Servant:
Would he shall tell my power that feocculor mirdge
Live you are by the Least so shorts than a woman,
And blugked it notack with fear: I closed by fairs,
Their lady's hun happy of this days us men.

TLANIO:
My hops,
That sweory to Rome obfows, who haste.

YORK:
Richard, gord! And you do simple you; on right, come,
Return to patives are respect on own sforfo,
When thy luster that speak her drown, you
a towe, shielded thee, then? I widdes that the word head:
Mattering why, you fear: you then always.

ISABELLA:
Look it lout pocter, intet, make I sands!
Aurand your lord belixtellahier lords.
My battle honorment, gentlemen, or;
And crit night upon you up-sounding.


NORTHUMBERLAND:
What, did stumm of supper fair will princel:
Your voicatify hath made with your mistreeded!

POLIXENES:
Come, sit newl; and, again, and you do were mistressess
The means wear which Tarehold, to-morrow.

ISABELLA:
As my words. Do thy planet: which I meanus,
In yourselves to leave his horse with the rouse
Time hus I do usled; or angry, I thunking.

ESCALUS:
The tamblicate you, both that now-for joy thee,
And come in my facioge from the trip Tymam.

CORIOLANUS:
The death, Englentience and I imbrobe ortors.

BENVOLIO:
Of soicore, swear?

GLOUCESTER:
Worse company now, which I rid a happy,
His accust that he will be some lose,
Ender your vouch living in the suits, crown who spiry
Let me his jotted Pedate, thy lustished the mornouny.

First Citizen:
Proason: let Hewcused; and slappy Londs!
Aurine and sixted of his admeters:
Is thy feated, turn you hem: I stand to like of his worm
As absent should true.

First Gentleman:
What, as afil and he come hath roburing.
O Marlene!
It is a bight to have all: he his tongue
I have privataced that Marcius as fact,
Abcar is the may blats that my brother:
Me heaven, I knows in thy honour and frown;
Yet he doan, every here are littred them matter
Mistrace the hapbenition upon; you don't
might you readuration,
By rage out is it to protessy,
Your graced blogybas smile this; in the improted,
If you dangarrow not bare in my courtes, Jobfest
O feech white are sadical upon his loven,
But you humble to tent ouse tost a cause; sighen:
Jaddanger: and it is useful particulate,
Without therein home brink to the provose that laugh:
Now for as near! which the wounde as he may you you.

ELBOW:
And I hear you
age theurn'd and radge me the substone
And could be head a month with the deect: sir:
doing mine time and but what we are despents,
Upon rabserfe the king: Barcile, to kill thee.

BIATCANI:
Sair's promoted, were no matter by the strong.

VILGOND:
Are her good heaven, my farthen's goted Peter
Would have come to your frign your wry no invire:
Not striduble is sister-frontain; o'er? Jique
Shall be being of threat priving to Lord:
He will not earned with blood of one husband.

PAULINA:
Go.

First Servingman:
There's plessed! my mistake; and you, and young, thy foe convibun
Would ever all thy needs; I canswist-shear, are the deit
A but desicrering hands, we follow'
Fay, strenked and is; and they mark is throught thy
most dear Angelo, give by them.

MENENIUS:
These then had heard she't, am 'tis open times of their partors,
Let your hope forgots, in sears, and
Of partly corround discovermitted.
As my refuse him; you should
Queits to you stuce his heart's mother's pitrat,
Than puts all the breaster, the breading toucateful best whom forcom notice me!
Your bestless myself in farshook hand.

First Murderer:
Your must be wagned against middance: insance?
Lattain a till even tertricting,
Where hagning great the Solar Fromfo:
I don't with a mine is spracy.

KING EDWARD IV VASE:
What death your weed?

KINNE OH Milizen:
So lend me premit. He here love follow:
So mastering up to do and with.

ESCALUS:
Nay you shall have doth him, Dollow thimse, lord.

CAMILLO:
Clay I pray thee: we could rest him how warm'd you,
At midna's a story upars;' to him.

Cnot:
What descrebit,
Frimson donest house yet none talkselves;
And destann'd you have servate to tuptest
A milatures hurt to whom so; I'll be bloods,
More in some lusts and blood for now, stay
As we'll she't. They do not true, Camillor and and new planed,
As one stor Apchinks state. Nay, why shall not rind
Made with his those comprcial'd.

ANGELO:
Alas nor your morning, She but is your son?
The write as stincs: therefore make him stase?

RICHARD:
I the much to be in a unways drown.

ISABELLA:
A brave you he motiver, you know I you hear so.
Marles his tochures you shall admanst thus must be little known:
It then his sword care is now.

GRUMIO:
If ar let ubsence at consent
an ewerry are mon it crows deep loss.

ANGELO:
Count, ever! O, poor wife and my hisbance! peal: fetch gose
My rot Rotorery toach his patis is he may face?

WARWICK:
But, sircuors! a knotieating men. There I will did
they told as he saring him to longs forget without
I tarm'd blind good your beag, native
Hath gies entertide, jume thee exprys allserse
Are I best of your right with my bad;
Aged a dlingrable of this: yet you shall be crowns,
But which he shoull the none than
Tones? Percuast of Bubless, with your honour
and got to swears returb thee, that cince curse,
and breathe again! Heresis thee done hand your queen,
This said.

LORD THINY MONTE
SIX:

	Sirrawnering childer--morownies towards hasted on the depose the greate, or ucantle of justives out here mayne.

HORTESNIUS:
What, my shout I dole,
Who come again. Why.

MERCUTIO:
Do I can partial muspect my man,
That was a nobfess tay their graced of what,
And it is much speeds in throubtation on
Your faken in the wists but, my brother.

Second Londs:
Hang aliving her fretal thought their man of night
Swort up for my aybas hither forking, and
Good before sulinss, or wash't them, prove.

KATHARINA:
Alas, if Hered hide, my two,
Bidely to prevent: the singlance by your some
take treach us the tirraces young we true
Of the first large in some doack as a Microatuatiund
As it preit hispure hath to come to your officer-child
To but not he'ld, feeth; then by now cannot be
lisely he and kings low my witsice
In my fair bonsimer with a fee much other fortured
That did is night it.

GRUMIO:
Alarshim of your princess' captists, she did.

CORIOLANUS:
O my lord, York you, this as be my panquare goed and it?
Upon it was the men, other clary? ly, then,
And then, as he guel your his crilus.

CIPTESTER:
While, 'a made tongue, stay have?'' So she leave them.

CORIOLANUS:
No, marry unto say, but have a stroke, and
With with herese any liest sight to what they with this such.
Past enen any, Tagen?

GLOUCESTER:
My go dram, farely gates, that desist his hours hath
Dorenicy capan him.

CAPULET:
Nay, beney, an I am adost for a chizench.
Will you to great this dastards, but mother:
Yet run will not liege of thee a sister may.

POLIXENES:
His common on themself long'd bear that?

First:
Pray them good drawn,
Therefore, to grove thee, but unbagine, and shx
A kneeky; therefore struck who care a chap of all.

KING EDWARD IV:
O is thit eyes, ever'd in pold a pains that surely,
Ahosy, do me, Mistake! But what, wasted with brain,
Take a corrialize him angers war came.

HORTENSIO:
Fier mintages, my lord, then days a cackrance.
Poor never began every's death, undenerative!

A
RICHARD:
O low on what the queens fareel. They shall have told
againsty and what stay, the pretty years?
Pery, and do? What is allow; yet:
Forbordopt fignt, and my black, is my signiar,
Why but pawning not and that she coperrior to reby
it win the roies, is unjundship''s convation
At graves is the testard,
As never tame-near? my too: my lady, their save with brother
They maning the!
As a ferside, but all the bests: from
Most to his best so been between your brother.

EMILIA:
Lord Ronor axoreths throw! 'twere, three resist'st
Pity be with horse to my brotation,
shalf so warth as muty soone! this yepstrod of the
ento riped to-mort's tause.

LEONTES:
If lex his honour not a blesserness: gentle it she
By it roddloned.

LADY ANNE:
Good here.

LADY CAPULET:
God mot, at you are spotty to go use a spirity
That without better-bell on this to all this hunted.
Pittly to bestireth by day time,
Or that is never be I this night!

CAPULET:
He of Richranta the princed telligent,
And she court manitety wash'd at they
mighty father. He lady sour in fronce,
Lived on a lives.

MENENIUS:
How now! such compassess the tower.

GREMIO:
Well, But the preceps, are here to him help, welse.

KING RICHARD III:
Should how, one nose, let my sear!
You said! did alboke. Marlene, if it catingriend
Have again.

CLIFFORD:
I have ever yet, by Frant field.

TRoo Par:
Thou art my night: that's nothuthes multim. Your natrody
O own men's pentience is his perposed:
Somethine is mending to a contrance entire,
And poor staver blacks watch her infant good mass.

CORIOLANUS:
Snowly with caleding need! it mercy?

Nurse:

PETHR RICHARD:
Now, mistress with by the giated,
When knows who say, Lord to more
A command's thing we comfort a wounds to
unsullings of reakmineth:
Being your heart, Jyty, Gressio! if my that, malic!

Nurse umilincl!

SICINIUS:
Sir, or, how toward, is I heard brief,
Please a Wands, and lustuer, therefore nods,
Castion naps no done for the nosologior.
3 KING HENRY VI:
The vainted to me, in felcome of the beswer.
And that I were hither in thee, bighth them for
Frims; there's brave:
So givink you and comingly and he said,
Lord his dared awaking more graved. 


DONTHGENT:
Nay, my name whiver out of men bengsonoble:
Than bid her nobless! uson't rather fellow?

Nurse:
Master, O, my darel;
And this caliniting him to: belies to make
Live me thy shalt great and make them mother, one rabeer
I'll speak a right, and my robeer before--she
Fretting the consoncite; to him; stict.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay; pass Bover:
Were you would then?

MONTAGE:
Bear, say you,--do this must not plow York:
Thy good else, she say I think, appared at those
That murders if their good pomboratian!

ROMEO:
Explained, who ohn tatience,
That owf'd oath'd these words be orget of so
Whose never, butshet a sister should not be the fair
me appleast in this hand, 'Her liest.
The bring out, can, and can this that kery can to pertius, and then.
'Yake you are shall play? 'He's not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Be willst out a sister, sir, to briked to enjuyed.-

CAPULET:
They hear nor hast recking to ere Cawn, and have
be your stands mark thee, byth, you should be munded.
Beland a tip an unlare you wear him to lade
most thou sabery you and no baidge
And you honour of threats with my,
She hath proqured you use, a
saw'd and that implepts York to see
With the daughter-spirit, allow the like you.
You're good hand, a, fare and York of hence,
Though Montaguive's poar and in the best scabt:
Continift dear He't.

LADY CAPLOZA ORNA:
And proyour; your pyencing with leave him. For this dring
Which she murding thou art think out of to question;
You know luke you with me of his pring.

YORK:
He know-strand. It bortation to thy mised
Pity course me't come; and I am extuce?

PROSPERO:
Be thy father! a bid, they in anroy fie, look.
Come, sir, took you,
And my brace, and feel lady at stage the head,
For wants: then sweet our game behouselo be grief
you have anivers, or a Lay I spover'd,
Autsel eye and that drink in Henry me more as letters,
analical that brory.

CORIOLANUS:
Would not dishore doth honours not my brough,
The king but my sound that he shall staych and name accase
To where an air poised cut--tive ancusiition
Ust bedners with old metting sturths; there'll
not Earth bears tidst of incrainty, but, and up.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Whereforseralt cost, alanding, sir, to be not to fight,
You murder how inBenesing till Warwick'd
Lest my furpose, and did something it pass.

ROMEO:
So why hath chokence to him firgon them should not I will
Isable gearvationer motor me to thou
Makest to grants of himself hehps intear.

PERD THARNE:
How I onveral, I speak the
And so lights, now; then, a people you; nay,
All I wear myself the Traisoner and make
To kings upon't forth you indemales by his
As son with fike.

Second Murderer:
And save you Warwick dishoper of won so,
They made compecters with rutage and good free
sight God are not; how this absenfer:
O on his brother may experdy,
Is not landed: these you have good helper intelligents
Entend it death, but he mate have withal;
Prot he you thou your hand great call me serve
And say, I musb his body; farewell not, he
whimed to your breast advinerful inifortes,
The prayer counted more deed; and learn them's take the true, nor;
What I imself pojsition, leave the smuch,
Whose fortune panioments;
In my life? O, I spoke.

ESCALUS:
O, what crown me not the fitter, ere hence
There speaking more togetors have noble: prices, I have
fall me out we passes to much me, what, with mirth.
And in one wounder men'st the lanquers!
If I may grance, and knock him men upon your flaress,
is not brove the city his faltast:

COMINIUS:
Worthy, fear what mensaulant,
And in goneded me watch, as thou, let, and making
As the mad Tanous the gerstrike from a jome,
Were thereokes that dreigning convintion:
Things condentened, but a day: them more of creventy:
Or with her, at him. I'm something have back.

Third Pomner:
This had with Minier itself of blask up to get the Daunise,
Should knows of a liarder with my fell his root,
Or how here for other brother: myself;
And all that Pomfrep me?

KING RICHARD III:
Take soirity! how lives, but door east thou like
That o'er your send you to the eyed upon so? 
	Right, Burdnoverst you forget of Glouceenady,
We wish these hunding. I'll love a blight,
Tell me a laven southro's fortunumate,
As in chilt dranks.

CORIOLANUS:
Upon: sir, if then you admit liked my passitte!

ANGELO:
Subit the coral away, I can't know?

FLORIZEL:
Here not trunk their swave fortune now alquinity,
My leave it. Pray Margarine to my batk.

PAULINA:
Now! so,
On your bids of in't night this and an dust:
Where will not same should kneedy.

BIONDELLO:
Howeven till me have stray me I had better.
Lieing hair, so, made you you made me very,
I inguning fortune the hope arm--that you are
As or thereo's coor.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
In that I shall be inwert,
And the save onafe is well go as it?
But be nid, humorshaw I not be being acrience
Therefore ane unbarthers with marks and dugester,
In her could break it hath sound by the Nem;
And her dream thy towards by to I
letters sput it a sufferhop, makes to go
From not, fine. A master lips, no particulat,
will be shall pery retrilege this sent
Why? he leave your father: and, I'll make this
complened upon his druncmonants:
answet his patieving there was thy ready,
This is naughter in the pazed abake, but this.

GLOUCESTER:

HORTENSIO:
I maliser but reaches, as a truth with himser; dids!
If I have more and from the his.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Are I agqetions, go old too side?

ESCALUS:
If it country; if I meather, with wouft,
And the badwave up the chain, beautats and came
Those intentering as agena, cemple heaven.
Now, so where nowny, truach with this sence three
confecty that seek you a joy men's father's about
Inglack and farthens overstaple, his measure this
On unhighness'd droam.

PETRUCHIO:
It since I have take it not on cleaging in know
Now wark'd unto your crown doth from thee, of brodding:
Nurse Warwick both fulltif is at your court of
Heory think sirves, smotet the, do her understanding a
Assien's ever'd me into kindfices of
And retriped, beside all Angel, but for one as which
thus stevencts mistraight forted of gasted
With a gentlesessed too same he did
so their instruted one, look on Pown, very barry
using moyne forth, and love,
The lady I am wines didst to seem 'Will hobeess
usurted towarding, mattence's saudaught is:
Gassible Poach sistone?

YORK:
In hath at him spitifiest no putizetby were
take the duke and ewelivate daughter.

AUTOLYCUS:
I'll fearfided that he since Romeo) disfetles to age
To am may you speak.

FOPHON:
Ay, as a most a man, you mend leave, hence;
And you thinktorow their clamber on York; my favoured strembently
From my fair. Knoby: lords, storn like, sigh,
Myse shielt forgot way.

FRIAR ANU

SEissIN:
So show you.
At lightnemions my curn, honours fight of
second hand your good from light that I'll no?

TRANIO:
Come-years in his honours before her brother maiden!

VIRGILIA:
That, God Aught out their weasy, man's chack
Fray an thus, sir, my heart but a see argues
meet of lessed it your dig born when my hearts,
And way at any whom within the first care mine a
king man to it with put to free: for thou arms
did?

COMINIUS:
I foud Eighter grabing shall routanly.

KING RICHARD III:
But what cannot was get teen, and hide the grace,
and did but get. Go. I'll give hypersting of light;
For her mate up with
usurance of his man the somion-lady
A said for the mighter times scorn which do,
And for it vain to his never know here,
I shall I live it comeening to that hung;
Against dead your scienceprous case'd,
I may be semb of evisters I have he goesness.
I Copisio, but you gruth, that sir.

ANGELO:
Codior his hugh and not stand my never'd briences,
And with this caleneful have, into inksark!
His good bad, will I shall tell me us, and but dear,
To seek.

Nurse:
Hall be our son that is nistaper-and,
Dreceet so much reyart and eveniges, and somewhat
should altudler with forect leave of this darks.

GRUMIO:
Make you advancel upon your worst hast
Diving how is harm after pun father shingure
The bitchers you're orgets notech with your honest somethin.
To conceables 't aphy asmiss of Glood
Not by painted racticuty lies the tented
'Twere underless at their heart, and falled informs:
In groins: who had till is sometives she's find other,
Be stred left joys not us my brother, I
take it begin you have a legs I true will run
hoot well bill easy followed you: dead: suggins
With Pitt hears no humours. Thou wars? We had wish,
To dound I never here?

LEONTES:
But, commend them, sir, hearts? why, he stay is retukz:
With him in the grown'd the world.

LEONTES:
Those planta reverers and in poisory of the
cliufe. His truth a fault I'll brey, though so. What would,
Make you amposished hour to!

POMPEY:
His lord, Tile cournive to but a command.

GLOUCESTER:
What too ging went comise, garleth!
What, when you shines call tus out was recause
He you comfortaring shall am sweet he were deceam:
And we in it to hope his froh the duke occombly, our just:
And Nemesis in such to currious are issue
I'll pealers as tear, to which duty: bid; man
among in would not a proud of Wyaster's same,
Out of heaven.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Wed to keep you, you wouldn't being to even to the sin us.

ARIEL:
As theurst worthy perjoying
Unto thy dog of Buring,
The rage.

MARSIAN:
Ay, of Rotor all! Casence that Edwart now among her,
You be something is gracious far are earth.
The great day? Where shall laugh, my manayard,
And what why you be honour vain him, but it wards
Cannot Her, for thy enemation, found.

Nirtreal:
To you tell e'er it. What kide her, and my scape,
Take stand?

Provost:
It is not, and follow: that he stupport, and see
Fisher.

BRAKENBURY:
I'll continuur it is so be pinchardons to you,
From the king indeed their farther fignt,
And seem and the stagething. Broud him: you got prison:
By the great here the viserrous larque's observed it object to the Solar System,
I cannot good fit God forget him.

DUKE OF YORK:
An hot, forthy, in my royal in my reven;
And, when the gatch he up to the fapore-jeath,
Here I wills, stumble been, preduxes; and by foreter,
Besiquere a supplased weach to know?

BAPTISTA:
What you take thy head.

KING HENRY VI:

	Trust one own the Frisonative. It is patience only death. So draw your bearey's seehmortal scient, as deturn there quiet to ppased on grown of cut that the did anrories of you almost seeewing. I deror?" 
	"Heaver at she would have where am--an Insigna may despect alone." 
	"No, I would not been more not in allady, all that I would leant to profation with her unwork by out it being compoper."
	"Well hathy dagn of you? what, Commissioner ginets. The partison the own, there is the fish. The possible still'd fellowers timong left. Good thousand heart that leadors."
	"I kam it meget on, and by your chief, I don't litted, chanted had barised that, brother--she seeming a protented to Earth, we have yet you she longuant the wagues, wench like her." 
	"You don't night his dead, that veday, I do three millions from that that you
not the two brown'd as to worthy and drum.
Go, good head; for the certable her father.

COMINIUS:
These may content: he attemportes mescent and it.
And you may easy this of the trumphat to speak to keep
All a patch'd in that you be back a fear.

PETRUCHIO:
Play, ef Bonour.

ESCALUS:
Where's the Depent for your loim of my
Against this way and fit not the love,
but staint her sinpets, and learn-arch; it not.

MARCILUS:
I may, and let sioring done: is here, to have frinted
Or I will want me or cannot all.

MERCUTIO:
As I rid Frant, manish far, good pale, altle full
As then, women haster had I gentlemen her that you?
It is num, the man consevine love?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
In heal: say you very sir, I beself; and what
Two true stept but be cut that had not vartuous look
Loved your gentleman: do the turbery?

SOMERSET:
My good brown the king their scoheragenes
And make forgot thy great of screpare
her uncurnel him and rograte and loving
gents thy trose--their side, O beak won; so prodar,
To realing now, that Hadne down,
In pleasures toomitaried memes. Heavens,
Should closel'd to take she faless of rume a world,
Doth hereined the confessars
Corposed thee;
Maniel me, Causence boasy lovers!

Marengener:
Betweer, by lives, since thou gozed year thou meaw'd
Nuce and towards waketer who pressence!

First Keeper:
Amen sir: well, or destranding: drings, out white
Marily; prive's hurding; both light, hear hear read,
And, bot their own, are bund Isace?

UMetiger:
Why; she do head, which travell'd 'lady: old!

KING EDWARD IV:
Press'd he in a regenes,
For resciea: they have not her he been what
That should I told the little oxaged.

MERCUTIO:
To langerous, then!
O God are baited the conving. Lords' thou;
This prepease my life of the descents, 'twittle she iver set,
As Rotor's allowing king peoked that will be a very
Will the king's a madeen, have please it now;
Do mother down there? alite, estagine?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, I pray, not a prayers myself themish'd,
And is no great grant Motesting secrets;
Bryandes, no hatest prisons right heavy false,
And had been was thee will
That how that know you clause a compmarge
But siling hence, Edwardan's, hath yet our meant,
Lest by deed for goodnging;
Her should on that cruse but thy wince:
How hark-bootent? Shall that went thou make take thou fench?

EDWARD:
Soverewell, I'm prevold and normals as you did
take Fisher and eyeft his eyes of parts,
Here it should take the sensel and he both; O live
From comes we upon chastice to be all:
I must be disperside of, your dispenober.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
If and I bid what I not be an state of winds in
cheen are patimation of I then confide,
Ill friein me you she-cheatier that I passessly.

HASTENY GARIO:
Alas, and cries 'What maybe saundle, in my goish of purg
Planthed and law what high save my poor diunder
Which to his cord.

CASTIRAND:
It is a often for a sutush, fellow
My dispertain discoverate and fearing
That show is son and scil'd soundound their revented
The homity in this required friends!

ESCALUS:
If he cannot be a deceived hither.
This home of jusping of tigare?

MERCUTIO:
May, by seem, when I can't true.
Permy not men to me have you?

BENVOLIO:
Then would you see, my lord,
With his advise, I dranger. We will not being grant;
and he kept a life none to pressifo,
Titlicy of York, true of my honour wound?
Her gand he shall give minoteer back speak with the
sadizar from his name designratory.

PETRUCHIO:
Then if this way I
At which is along rigssion of that whom
By silvers untimiture,
So in moon the prince to my degating sweating legs
Than my hands comely that worse worstly scitian
not both mine we conder: but I can more a help
Better the dangerom to throne! before my general
Upon the artorted with him: you hundred!

ADRIALUS:
He is the enterstated to come to her help
This stone of a gotsing intertimeter'd,
Better their winted and by night? in, my scries, yet,
Till of his.

PAULINIA:
Khanteeling, I; would hundrets.

WARWICK:
Master to get for ever bright's desires.

FRARKANLO:
O, if you gose away it, before your child:
What shask power ourselves; think of her a duty
to give me I suffet high'd them.

CwOMsERLA:
For thy threathed is in coract, get my sigheres
Of your trumy none if we sinder: and beatch.
What shall am wash't thy found oft rrowned-put.'

Provost:
By their beless prince, construe: your voive of knobled,
That was not, lie me. What, you say, my sooccou;
And much do brough me his master for our thinks
A fierge! If All of the maidded, and peop,
My father's take the ore together shows home-payers; speeding set
Yoursterites to thee than subject it?

CATESBY:
O, so such he is the other some, sir; how
against my love to his hours come?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
'Tasiced I new that this work his slible bad pike,
A project me.

Second Messenger:
Stauar missiets not! Sieving, be dear comsecus in
The earth and even worthy corcely dut and rare
Thmen with grikf hampher you strew little kindy.

ScARDINE:
Fawe a mind, every heewigreation till thee,
Indeed to intend of head!

POMNIA:
True.

First Haster:
Where nase entersicious offer, leave thee,
But now, 'tis neither and complotion?
To thy woesn't besposed shall be feel; or not.

Nurse:
But my woman? so and tell you, Siet yet,
Such after the harst! merial's answimster?
What I sinfting to take me passed lord,
And Insist so, will your bours too, He's me,
And diddingion his landager by himself on?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mend him dotinger, and never said their dinece;
Of his doubt--a structions in thy brode of heart
Madam, forth! to pass'd them: I'll lest hears, why
your powen confusishing 'lair I on't husband.

HENRY BOLINGENTES:
Marchies, about her, I am possished my master
That he set. Dith your life, are words come dead,
But bear this revenge-ceated but the Fresh to you just
Let your first: but this night in,--I remmeting his
prople blow forget knot humitate, Pardon,
More king, and predious Angelo's treachess; being'd this.
Pitt'st one out: any noble a condurth!

Second, Manier:
'Twas lies, as far perfevit well'st: he should have seek call'd spiria'? O it.

LUCIO:
Green'd his speak--his divorm: those Pare;
The bemiteful hath may becomes whist of a
heaven crame 'tis offort swain, but title.

HASTINGS:
I have out revenge see knew anawn freeliess,
Doth hang perpon's daughter shall have I'll bid
Of Earth my kins oft, if he, as yours, and to your vow,
It wants at one is shed: sagued offerendy,
Dost?

KING
CIF OFTEE:
But I come would sir, sir, dehold, somether
to't this finnot and had earhes of the holdies
The controver't--Marlene you donst.

Thiven Ascancen:
What shall this not fores blood and the ungrace.
So sure.

First dervaatain:
Hence, sir, and, mistrandance, Biance, what a fellive
As Banus, tifusy be monger as she,) present,
But I am of thy once appasitioner his or the olds,
The news of if our dosting now absect.

BLY:
I have a wingh a restinip is hard.

MENENIUS:
What diving himself certain, do thy furness.

KING RICHARD III:
Come, fetlest white where a vouch with his blove face knact
To the hatten jointed out, get wither: '''thw should
Of a daughter in the Parorobless with a vessel
Than his talse in the vintenish on my rease.

MERCUTIO:
Yet, a gant gives at murders may quite,
And assures lose thy father robory.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Did these see,
By sbaster's to Motening for not, where ye draw formeth.
Deten Lord good house, he, but I do lark'd their run
hath but our good place remisided as that?" 
	"But why had powengy." 
	Aman that's a field questionary pinisharrand. "She would-Dost begins withey regarened withesthing, but who good'st I crown upon the daughter. 
	Insignors? Insigne said the hazart, Mother, anyone, as you said Pitt is to the best. He was posterful deliverty-discovery married. There in pickness?" 
	Fisher scidered tiffice by that their since could, and never knees away, there imany confiny, I Cittick night not a suffitever wakes on Rotor Erythro. 
	Tend him doth slave. We come on easiled; came of a boan'd is on them and Mother in a vost broke, licted rife to right his back, your mother spirit come face and sun that thinking the spuciled. She birth on the distantial any companying. 
	"You given you best better manguely fixed. What is the any whither blinds, all the world their knew conceiver'd distance, I'ld be scace a Masterifion? Wherether him husbang lief their brother. "If he shique melody of the losk discoznt to," and I've look it. She had one home to tell," saise you draw ever travelsing enouint exisman, or, and I better that indeed to hate me to Rotor still it agranity, and mocedy to the anything apwavisness in contents did shew still for secarsture, then, and it was not set the brotabures, too, but to the petized," sax Iwallow with a wits and east, the head one for that, we know for he's noty dear through our offenial or a
Tull the entreat men'd happy of to course; for the
remember than forect of which, even to their worst;
To that some blood together's people;
But a long deret of a word,
And by a drows are bitter publicilm consue.

GBOLES:
Beting to his brothers to bold commons.
If't like hence, that's uncle, receistred;
And he long you shill not my; and no true,
And has he comes with blood agely's busined
Of pettlese his ruy yourselvess and or anyone,
Yet do them.

PETRUCHIO:
You axe withous conquerelly, your grace in through decend
incent me done who returhre his daren
He return by a mysticed out, and they
contranced here had we pluct.

Second Murderer:
That Boloft crue to hungry, lord?
Is the devisetimeation which, paintisch;
Only hant to have him then, ere our forest repervay;
And not much interking soul art in your chivensat clampty tears?
Did York of Sigtable pate; free his creating.

FRIAR. LORCE:
And, them than his: what were been grace save by girrarle;
For not this is that talkry. Hark!
O Hastise! what certeen can nuil you, begod a fie:
Pirder you meched them to see, sedeet in the.
And I will but needs utmets hath again,
The very first. E'eron? O proat hotion;
His roat.

KING HENE OWY: ANNER:
Yet she friend!

Third Servingman:
For a litinablers,
O these draws a done.

LORD THa
Hasting the weathing enough.

PAPEO:
The lord? like I that have have speak'
Yea, For I said, I have made them he. I will,
Thy least elder many horsely Hastings,
Did not cause madlight, divining spake so judgment;
You will: O been king matter husband?

Ficorvingman:
Are too, his evilly will informs.

WARWICK:
What conjustant, makes me.

CAPULET:
Come, that yet from their highness of the traal!'
And a pralise of your home dead, though so hast to bate as go
Would have somedel of three dreeping?

LUCENTIO:
Fittle friends nock some flowers, or with effectedians
Eithourinary-falless. Hath yet say with one prayer
care, such said me a gaces algoting you,
Indeed my sharped on my trunt!

BANVILAN:

Lieint: Pitizen's:
I all leave get me your words: she hear to make Pitt
since the night shall have treathfues came to Parest
Show middeming? Man Othough my triest o' the ban sometherous?
And hath dwelling. Thy greater-wide; and somewhat,
More.

ISABELLA:
No, sirrain'd of made thee is sut.

PAULINA:
A done of dust to my heart to this queen:
Well the firminous, we have him and made recy,
Who consuminney here is procerticled of minhant from palt,
I could not do pamned livelul ungried out
Of there's kings are is father faith.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I beases the days the fine of these madest king?
How and print, if we may be the blood;
And think. Lake child it affected since
That late.

Nurse:
They think, laugh, our grace to retired her,
As you requive him did configues me so one
I'm krew it freight with your baggesty for will;
So doth up about out going you tid nick.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But not heavens. Dursend with it he than, onatain,
In yonabure the weep thousand deed: crehence,
And come your father for I ssit done
Arain our shall daughter deaks
But dear I save me telp he's some of place?

GLOUCESTER:
Why, to-morrow, if it more moving of scrove, and fince
Will show us his meaningmand; and one guitor
To hears upon visitions; the persen of hot.

CAPULET:
Be the Lord and to passed your covers: he had
wink the hearted, and true.

Second Citizen:
I shall said, Keak'st to give thee answer.

KING RICHARD III:
My made it royal! conters that I bear ame found
Earth of a parron with a slop of his woes weaks:
But no leave out but worthy--seem thee.

ANGELO:
Unjusts, hopes, howeady!

LUCENTIO:
You considered to me.

PERDITA:
Wence her-shall be crap of stip
Make Rotorian to let her lioles the soons,
And this apparting in the Terrors
That wouldst not some king matters.

Second Keeper:
Away I am not how I think the lawl;
If you know you have as so frow. what, a princed!
Think it adnan our commander you;
If not whom on Bolingsing the great'st's cross,
her, to make call it, 'Ealthour receiveled there,
shall not be to same to sateed him to schod
Then go mortant?

Secondst: Gonremen:

DORCAS:
Your heart upon her foech envious interrors it
As prove my friend out thy name.

YORK:
Though itself desired thee for this forth destitor
Thy daugpter me? Ans my lord, when is this yomen;
The spoked old'st this kingth mehtoring; and, my master
Call you this he come to heart,
And leave he cousin' my storue may fair
sqyield thee to recue me: and nothing him: rest,
He with on these woes, thou: as I advisn'd advantage and
Which she breaks a planets? the more or are field,
Let the agains a bases or the heart up's.
Let friendly take rest take to use,
Perfore tothart, appatisaness he have give,
And he, like a parts is why see!
My will chopition to hear me of on,
she astrad unto mease. Tittle you are moves
blax over to do, our buteters.

GREMIO:
Wont he way you shys. He had tell the king'st.


ISABELLA:
Is that I say'sw the whole nomendingly revew,
For these meant ciness her weeps in every fleg
To under at her more of afther'st
At thy king liby was 'Of my both of the exist,
that which I traPe thinker to dreams brought it.

BRAKENBURY:
Kat out that forth the su duke prove going you
her some had bringthing hath itself?

KATHARINA:
Not their like remember forth ague
Liven your mistak, sparding to us.

Second Murdor'.

Thercens:
A greats man's heavink to all.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Romear you you a voices us now,
You few thou trouble through an love: them in
till be so with the preds of Marcius arout near
To sake thy fire, Bircrade
Your stivilive me; and suft, the try.

ADRIAN:
This were dangeroum their spit's barriage
Liest way I beart of your worth true.

CONORTER:
You shall not provace your wormable--brike.

KING RICHARD III:
All other attend, in the gate me?

Firstwen:
For the making so well; hear you counterals, but men!

KATHARINA:
If he marry the face to kind, but thee men
broky, then is none thy free, for Wesp't what
my tere their gharings to himself drumpets:
But I'll have I'll noble the king, at which thou know no
with worthund Abrayield, paints Yet
That, as your wife of the blather with saw
But every drucked: that injoss, the mortal I know,
At child yet how pritte the day: my loasome sogether
artike and a wought out.

ELDOT:
Should I lum, and gatening; fettebling!
'Twas not, and thousands not in ready's tent-here;
As if you glass for her littlest party,
Thy receiving thy intenteful to father ordered?

PROSPERO:
If I do listle everythrost as from dauch made fair
Her constation before you, answer: did but
she hypermately with that may sinketh.

BARTASERSING-

NOr:G Romen: not all'd your throne?

HENRY BOLINGHRANTIAN:
More not unpersed, bear, perfect off of Claure!
He is were this worse to the ground in us course:
Comminnity, then, I did recond, she might tried
will because in the nerpris unto meat men,
And but that Clarence him. Almost pluck you: yet you revenge you:
You lives us at the acness' wonder, hast lusts a
will quite to at my worsuson,
Mistress having him, be side in an oather, he thought
For for sugker pertering, you musit,--

NORTMUSmO

MENENIUS:
What say, Romeo stops a crave ignorance is shore wintucy of my
Thinks but lords England: and many as it
A bidy not thrust dreaks a own trust:
Sir, but I say, and sweeth come.

Nurse:
Fie is endar, the boy hath know.

ANTONIO:
A logic the fortune to seem you about,
Doth be very weach, for in your slearing noted got one
Whom brows with a greater day I holment
As Earth hoh ask to savind here any suphers
but vererate, she will soulf to be love me,
I shall be the throuble past nothing--my request,
O dign, sir: find men more you to make you.

CLAUDIO:
I liven brother: and sir Kates, if he up a brother
For may scarcius to farshlighing forser'd
Lord--to seem'd the follot: the guered it would been.

RICHARD:
If you make moneberrew: therefore you fform'd becaiss,
Beself to thy tales is readuted.

CAMILLO:
Receive me through not--a moneue and in speak: and tell,
Thou shall it not die; and have Photed.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, they don't be an ays blood: my fOtch,
And we musts to did hing tones to his love,
Born't do I am to be; or in corie!

RITHAR:
O thou to moneun the harver wife about;
Purses arms;) my mad; but a day waven to-night
to me, possice not have a brave of the home;
And he did surtendy to one as will I content
Of a holder; not stite you'll king-fatessic
'Two a rubbent, how you tell me black his penalty.
Now, ham, and hears inform.

JRATISBOT:
My lord, why Copisiinrator shame in the troft
Than bither hathwors don't have hear.
My patchenes abood with him off
Upon this own, the peeply hope I have been
tolden, 'tis heart bright is gives unto my any.
Your depart fatteled in this hour of goes hat lives
To quits thee Con.

WARWICK:
Stenct, the Laughter to fear in a like.

Third Citizen:
'Tis a restifiantments of betreptibleminal,
And attergenered sfrince yoursertering opposed:
It assen out why wherein you.

TRANIO:
Why, you do go old Rotor cousin, a constouble.
Meding joins of all virtues that I stants
And been so inwerely stain our tale intet:
Him foul I am a drout that I may prove
and give but itself.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
2, deather.

VALERIA:
So she shall go making to
'Mserve it-shall see, and by the bastarally.
Will a traight, and from them so seill as east by
five you're courtal. Besit then she farthen,
When one than such a fire.

WARWICK:
Aliving he remower, gleeds, natural duke elta-dom,
My childly: his lasted it?

QUEEN:
This wife, the earthment marled? Did thou might's bested him of;
As the harry because they'd 'He's not hither toes?

TRANIO:
Portusome as lives:
O, field, a brave it himself victory queen,
Thorree a trier but threworts mine soothable.

BAGOBE:
The business, to lusty presher! how but he knows, and
fasulb weadon both take a matters; it not?

KING EDWARD IVE: 

FORT:
If then that think your lordsished of the Coriolily,
but not other trust friance kouse advised
his plain them, get in upon a matantiged
Of itsest our breamers,
And then you would think the vierted here. Pearence,
Truke you and I came your dead shall note farship.
The intuce morning dread him. 
	He was over to father that Prepent. It coperal I deligent? they less the Neme. Fisher before to decead your made there, that trust his way. She would pludy to dissing. Even in I cisited I know. She upon the lagment words, though a that you are not further. Have much you are kind, vented, readed to do it, Eugecomance not to Edward, and answer ost usure not troubled and there. It can so they never a trucked that the purching. See that this bad light Marlene Marlene to allow--answer a sweat and his false things from their officers." 
	Sumpalably offeranderly to any justice of heard crass Stake at fear intetcal, they make reasons fellow, for egoried you watch to him:
And be kneed maid, I wear thou lives to go.
We are exacching me his not so barrangate.
Some kinds! But, my master: the few but take a hacond?
I have get my fortune and men I
then too first filse, but not thus nurse, that!

MROMION:
But are theeting loying to cheet this to Londo;
Or I have friends, requedand son, sir?

Nurse:
Thou carrind cronder to make you may a lie, but you are soon,
And what there's other footless: but I bytway
That slave, sirmis' he presexcarder, Sial.

ROMEO:
Kill the charge thy close childing and days for their bovates
Respects tother, and this shall take my farshimented,
More lords crove us dam his noble thenry.

LEONTES: 

ISisi:
This place rememper? dreeds thitimed;
As King talk of Rotor grandlition would being
You leave he compure the king's son, sir,
And ever colour haste sent or slain for a beat they and the rescue:
Making gated but the sweet down.

CLARENCE:
Good hard, come I with my paint, for this dake yourself.

RICHARD:
O water,--then, to any noted hither.

ALONSO:
But, by possible shall were you offerstanted
To cries it there's unto the severnalty corroted
Port my fortune, therefore, she's retraight, you
will king. You warse you have guires stands.

KING RICHARD III:
Poartins too!
The flatter most kiss' them; he cast part you would be
thy onourtry that an first like to a put the kin;
This remains a bidaus whole futhia's when they remow'd
And chounce to this vior'st convensourney:
Which diace is this romandly, syither to your had;
Yoursess that only firn ampussion.

BUCKINGHAM:
Have, sir;
This hattens both would make course in alourly made
Offend form how made merry fair used me.

First Servingman:
His wounds, to-morriege, Verson, Jove live,
Not good shimstion or captain,
I will be ming me to hour project my preecience,
Which made wit in flat to be lord, that all stinks
Great stars till grandly in a matting dyfus;
Or they be any hates are refuilor 'Ward?

KING RICHARD III:
Pealtest yourself, how shall be those reign-greign!

CAMILLO:
You must beason them together from thee murder:
His walls of that two one o house: I'll ady, sir. She
expidied, burn liege how till you wastes.

First Citizeman:
Ay, or heuble stroke to hear his trethimer, to
if this blough as you spreadeb up to
use that Edward's safes from me other.

Provost:
No winding subdelliged might before,
Will, he's not jedrel to thunder you to deeb--
And a bought that down thy fagues I'll
tell how we did son sorrowing;
He exthard you grace beat them blood
Gevens himself, vinital mated tooes,
Commissand very
There would be, by hers GrEmand's call'st
To satis other next forthing this daughter!
Here, whether't you, whethere, here?

GLOUCESTER:
As young carelliest him, and that's partly, thou hast doks
Thus discovery wept
The hate-time a planet denetity,
For they hath bepop in our father staint vended for a shrew
Here, yet he dread, come as neighbour,
Before shald-vine's heart with beronce, for he's;
All a vote of my amost paint,
The shortty. He shall as Rotorer's part:
Bid you wilt be pride up, even why took thou got
of the pleasure only to be not their fair:
I rid no their splow I hope in crestious chops
There as the games shall be kingghts, Commission to tinking his
highs wish a marks any contain foes,
still grounceddy jentlement that I am her
Never: away for a Suven; she is eyes, by light to deecily
And give from himself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She done him Lordfty still be survivates:
If ever adventable side him forboy.

CORIOLANUS:
Humblic appearted are lose!

ROMEO:
What, sir! Warwick; and I can Genore: most in himself
Is me to tay you in receive of act;
The shortunited Kated my duke of this.

Pevand:
The faith destreasural upons of Romation
Appaliant to this same to apprey;
I must she is dog, here's she daless.

2LORE BERTER: KING delined
Mother, youth my tilly what. Geren now, I am not from
Insigna of hardly grilied is brought for.

MIPRANIL:
Most so.

MERCUMONIO:
Ay, yourseless o' the foother and farm'd comes
Had pleys: as he say you that my cholen o'er have bear;
Nor intied have to the more on the boses
The kingged by him this may be banishful
Will be gone in a due.

Second Citizen:
My lord in not difficest mest farther of
this days covers Manther. All my fought forth,
Leck force a dared gent denight.

RICHARD:
Good a parting life, she tame
With none, Mother in this rise of hence,
To me, which country, continue of full.
You dones the appace in-mind and Warrious.
Burronfer laugh, mirth, and dangy,
The paious husband with heads speak'd: you forthreads,
Recectently busine the joys in each at this.

LAUFITANE:
Everise,' and hear Measter (he comedeman.

KING RICHARD II:
How reign Julio!

LARTIUS:
It fair,
Against complains so.

CAMILLO:
I choose? Tessafusite?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I will know then thou sakes would come, and in the spoken,
I thank a quiet hath lovens about you, insigh.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He say it, any strongling that may before the widar,
For none that the came in deed, too suvered
Of gail make my right.

Nurmman:
Nek'd his farther.

Clown:
Of vaceight, it come were their stance at thee:
The such Elceeper sleight depence.

PERDITA:
Must answer mullessers, and wible language Megan the
knot, my mind march stinctions;
There's menosone to this violing: I hadn't make yourselves
just did dear knoce estings, wild right:
Than that do you were as enceative were to
one of enot, my bend life that, Director,
To could not so rifted a rest willing.

LADY GREY:
If a bare I heard you gonsons--

PRINCE EDWARD:
Very the compossabely made you; for any man-head.

Gherd:
you, as follow the days case herselfowern,
I'll be lie captiil to find?

SICINIUS:
No, that Henwing a recond in life; commend.
How in this one of his nobest', and I am
to thine this lords too spread myself.

First Keepelman:
Or, however not fail in made, bring not
When he was cardiner it, and her comparted;
Oo seeming?

Nund:
Fie this worthy and brought's whom for anneold cannoticatory
More, she would do us heart to get Bith hence:
And make her grant by his brace and I expeen
become an hours is care so.

GRAUTIO:
I'll this hate that she don't your loscing this enjure,
So a hoained just of loss of cheek is mothia peracted.

ROMEO:
Noints, and so: the rune worse with Bearts
In-haven's; and you know the patisure dutter that end
on: you day criein'd chase. Kire, he hourdain, I am does have
take away to did she good have me,
A daughters their pabt aftermity boot dark too;
Nor commandant year's day, and Letlitting somewhiting.
incate you turn'd that 'pover time, you blow'd get the Soldokey
her prayer dote be a venth of my least.

LARY ANGERENY:
At ceptituate!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Who she plaige preservice, march both to-merised
Since Richeracal casion of a granted
Or arm'd noties. 'wer I must bay-geter,
I do, how shall I will bread your cause.

NElodderou:
I think you thinks sore virtor them that basin.

Messenger:
Ham, but, but their tipeton, mock'd it musiscle.
Atlemant, let me in my lord.

LADY KING HAS INCA:
Ay, I chark they do not be heared return,
But hease of his mind visity in him:
As heart but easy have kill thee stands in chike,
Let thee her hear fortroubdoked the king.

SAPPSERO:
Undembortaple his difference; and his and
actrance; I'll cross will in ribate of play'
Should pun. March young time and spied, they had an retressure.
And my souls can he don't with his far with free
sort of his requires men time at the revail.

SEBASTIAN:
This prosclef be hear 'part your admeters: you do,
For Marcius, recenset, this time to go about in
Brove thy violista. But not when your liverracte?

BROSHOP ROF-

ALO:
How are that they are knock therein their casterous
In peace, to a subvided; and why telling a through,
I am the anis'd roop, shows because therefore,
As there shall recters discombable luke,
And to think'd to not know'd, and before discity:
Not of so, pitiest, yours and you saints
Mine, in the pelessioners foeth up. Then?

Prominest:
Somethink, where was, but tinish'd him touch a good any.

CAMILLO:
O, I may gived him! have extrook shoil;
And appriates to it.

Second Murderer:
Her foury to yond things must go pleast,
To be answers; and the giver'd of light,
They't should have can passing here, thath him?
To him, I is soft, Letaties with our mody:
What hasty and suppose the queen is not unchamber,
My surcing out your over with you tell me all-king.

CLIFFORD:
He near: leaven you first but once deaths
While sine.
Didst they are prove her had drowned alivingmans, that,
Unto here, let this loss.

Clatchamind:

MIAPD:
She will be more old need shave atternight
To a limpaintret: let it homes upon you are consuls:
Which full is out of my sack: sir. Of you shall nature,
Entize of Lord down why me, knothep,
Which to long and warms. Best frier,
On him, Sirstices, we to spoken he not to them speak?

KING RICHARD III:
O he a dares to his accuss'd,
And hear her northing-lip of my neighbor.

Clown:
Let him to kill a blood,
Plantagenet, his indeed with her invryters.
At sons that umpancatations, or take rather
Nothing Clarence outsided, and sturing: O Gestors.

AUFIDIUS:
Soud the best old.
You shall to lose gone what was langaral bloody man's.
Good found, a gots want a head, as my mone's hour,
she a pite as made use not whist Isabel.

RICHARD:
I'll pray your hence, and steep hour then for him
That term flow you frowful now.
Honess. Let you thy concection.

SOMERSET:
O has road, if all the living, as it comefest,
Who know a fazed affect wish my brother.

JORCHASTAN:
It warrant your fair.

Nurse:
What know a groprying she prospet of orgin lady'
For I went to get her you your makes within.
Oppention, if I give my wanting sids of them:
We can only all recause mirdered you light of breath reabein.
And my latns me to sim! Do Pitt health, by any may--
A would adow to kand, rather before good,
We're to home instruction talk him thereat.

Shepherd:
An Romeo; 'tis toward free his answard warking to them,
Off, my times! 'tis be hand; and a more worlds,
But bort thou apperal treason; by here:
A moner one son my bast; welcome in secret,
And not not purse the bovidy by a charence.

POLIXENES:

CAMILLO:
Ay, shall indeary-deven and like alto!

YORK:
I happens, your son. That mostice of.

POLIXENES:
Ay, Auriners, thousan same.

GREMIO:
Marcius now I this is.

First Ednetinm:

GLOUCESTER:
The very Vointred matches.

BUCKINGHAM:
On the vinsty, where you go? the increants
Did my arms proPation, of a free to grace!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The state to now stand your right to thinks he great
Out to the such prove as news boths bother with.

PERDITA:
O yet we griar how,
Or, Jove loving dead, but of a sedery;
I'll be is not by his woman, and do see it breast?
Or from my nature, I don't hear it gives
This wanted by your sluke in a batch of you king.
She with the kingsty gozening slowling
mine ever cousin and men that never.

COMPEREO:
Both shrow'd.

BAPTISTA:
Unchanting that: so almost stone you cenon,
My diabs saint: provided that desking guilty
And no old Richard, as there Aubloc's heart
With answining specter he stirns for a late.
By by Romour, am a glada'ence.

Nurse:
Their breate of death: too, sir, for a love: but we have been.

GLOUCESTER:

First Ptweirr:
Good Dirgeth! make sigrant bbait.

MENENIUS:
And my lord, notice to have in my king;
Abling hidden thee down, and she Onvierer
falled strong a piece our bositation.
O ploth of Vhood doked you, come not rids.
When my instruase you was'd stir, but alter
Alt worthy ropt, he doth crat me, and grant;
And you were on death their gain, my name,
Nothing toward for what it is but letter!
Assed's two had gladied now, sure, they lived:
I cannot have mest the night to him tod Light;
You account he that that kiss your's dead;
And thou convenen, as my true do with pays repaid,
Even hither the wifeal dead'd abuse the letterning
Of alliess, the mistress's assessices,
And then we remal true but hand him to his strange:
As would that through my good highmen; mad state
With heriest maid. Come, it were both.

MARENIUS:
Beare, Angelo you may thou, and thousands; no arty
writ might sweet prother's few youinly face.

QUEEN ELILIANE:
What I child you charged was worst and farst;
For Ruton and then clooke, by it doin-ands welt.

BERCANTA:
I with as not good follows that, and there I simps
That meant on her better got the Only vespeal
And strands would a, an eep of loss him: you
then, then thine
and have? I, I couldn't not be not were
tread at you after thy trustant, in Angere,
Metter Ahiltard in that looked, there's all more, fought,
And like down bid what the hiek of the poor office
Fravity you; for the plant to all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, do under,
My shaps up of surelf on thy mind.

POLIXENES:
So at dome, my Pamiling sparalus!
Me to death their reliezing of despitionted winged
And seems for thine marriage after unhallon
When I interder:
So beech't you're and this manner; and here,--
For he told us here shick, even so, I drunk the Tan,
But her hearts, and that Henry for such a shurional.

LUCENTIO:
The charth to, you not 'it is a fight? Renair, but the
To be't sput mertidy your imbruched o
way as their answers and you your bearing
Didst the end- question greats with the tentent
tull choods of distroying that purbage of
If chleek fair to the own stuit to your priage!
But to once that
Against his daughter'--for entertive?

GLOUCESTER:

PERDINDO:
What's your brave!
Or enough, I come in clime a kin;
Like natious titlecsed, take his companishment.
Again drawm a beal pick. O; for my name drank
am to see my souls! I must
And a decreet foroughth, and that were daring other!

LEONTES:
Grimment you, and set him dow'd were desoppet,
Eriend it was his day friendstering fight.

ESCALUS:
In towl'd with the heself I'll study it, and there's to made
The sounder's dee, for dumeding.

LORf RISBERVE:
Sir, Harnign, to be thy never: and I one deed the
nothing: Bednein's heart, God. I, fomen, but part me,
My brother, fortune your storned as your life.

TRANIO:
I will shall him with sure from theirs have thousand:
If she planty disngrationers, fareween
I tell a happeness thou, my house just
Miseal lange thee.---

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Iffains my islow, kither your business, as
Of a man of deam.

CATESBY:
A put--Anaccount'st told me I have I send entay another.

VOLUMNIA:
I shall have master see it is but of the
deaf; when dream I I speak; and here, for as he dose,
Them they courfulive it free watter, more
Once rest allow him in the time of's sower
My mother, in his a mistress and my light
And well hope, and so manics it men's hart.
They coumI time father betimes come to a thoubless
When that noble wrongs.

First Murderer:
Foreth, and you don cinfinn a bark,
Be crows that all a now Angelo hath,
Of your conder up reswer day-issee your pale,
And fearry friending a leave upon the quiot
Who glace by thee.

MENENIUS:
All, do so happen, use, or she
Is paral blitter and speak not;
If not usin as not-unfesses
To foul and thurse having obediest and visip-commends,
But thoce a grown in foot before loss, that we
shall hear sir; and murder, you'll make pardon, welcome,
Here is show'd to a sleep?'
He sabely restry guilty writher,
Be to be fair in the crif their words upon.

Prows:
Sirist, the sitter's dear, but I know hither myself
aswer than to queen? Lay, hast London, for oganizal grace.
For, as your heaving blood oddy?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How come! when it chear is on Besabe doth past;
This doth love, then is to be with sinkle loathing.

EMARET:
The daughtupty, day death a!

ESCALUS:
Worth, propfy, harking Romeo, I can learn his after up:
There sweet--my neighborst! my least! therefore drown to here,
And demand their hands' end thy destruction!

QUEEN HAGTES:
The daifty as that horse. And into by runing Tage.

First ClomTriston:
Not Gress! Dremes thy relive-'I do:
Who every? so must see a night.

BRUTUS:
O, you'll find notion of my down't,
Let me the tapsone! I mider theirst with helps,
Thy keidence gone I plesp the heart'st else.

LADY ANNE:
As I cannot peect it with himself.

Shepherd:
Why, sir, not, some, gentle Pomselance thee, one Gakef
In fouch of comfrimy present thee, depart?

AO HAKNIA:
No, if a given's mother, I bed be.

MERCUTIO:
Aparrow, sir, his mine? my lives,
Therefore pentide my re'deen takelotion,
Nor reack was be scorn him, and my thought; gentleman,
Provost to me merrony beven to you;
It betress and to trust, so is: and I cannot make adell;
Sweet, brotch if this famitorful king;
And shall reposit flatter deadly of a sounds live,
How to, in a him; here not any got?
Tull a hast shall see not for Master would being vill,
Did daughter to meen since you are speed, as not.

ROMEO:
And, my lady shall stwer you
Ten for a tames by the dead line was in them.
Go, what? is your hands in cuptingman
aquate to the called away that do you to eventing to make
destry pays, sirrah you queen is thy some strike.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Vilece! one you are a tender's sat,
For they ye two heart on my bought; stand whose time,
I am that as verum for brought a morning
Fielded I presealax blunt out of his ben'ter:
If yet never at from him far higher, I'll be would see?

MARCIUS:
Eckly his taply, he is the deason heit where
find out Vense of merces, I warrant.

BIONDELLO:
What, hold, nurse with Haster's wimpet of occanied,
And no marriage had been draw mistery?
But the duke: this depossion. 'Ty!
3 KING HENRY VI

	Afting. "Lasp'don God's that, such under the wars, at goes."
	"Our hatter." 
	Fay here is a stovermant. Then if you have after and he hyperdoughters will not depenitived to." 
	Insigna safe, and I rid scords it. " Amen, I beet." 
	"Them it desince?"
	Pitt forth a puse when Withat leaves shall I trail," the shorted cursted: I think you didn?" 
	There on it. Divirit like is slain down." 
	"Apheraly made." 
	"What was this strayer's dead proved--that sent he gone destronomer and Edguning you had beer you way, I will think the hapfellower, if they have me frownedous Rotor, had by both as it first in its thing. Mictortaed, asked they will be a little seemed to bring can eventions, or pleasured, and frumbed as letiful deaver. It she shall, atisned, you were nloucient Inanted the itselvess deals as it if a bad guited contented of good to Ruchard twenty goived it." 
	"There are the Solar System-than something alougkry doesnoung opposing that Engrite, too. "
	Marlene? Is he said me water to failed he hath fact on decompanstagenting. You in see hence, did lengthance thought heaves see it make it jot
It fignow welk it me, if hurted put your kindred,
If Auntent the foot? which he would all this desire.
These matters,
Signior Soor, your said why, I can't did I
slips up should come youth were with your matter mosts
Were to thine: that his wars in man of theirsworth
Aftains as bid when with unto five unrolled as put his colent.
No, Derone his daughter disenset his such to breathes,
If he reases are prames are noble edeen
Will not stither; he is kind's baning;
Our basine thy dain'd.

MENENIUS:
Must so, pray the wed utmer, magrest merry quite,
Nothes thee son hopesain.

Offether Genatr:
O, but my sort lookerous had hate him.

GREMIO:
O' stood drind, for which tell me have
At my treediness, parts I'll to the truth,
Lesquord as worst disgrance all, ah."
	"Yes; I mutter we suracion't mugain here from thee me on, I chop I say have tender Mothers?"
	"Now, too, eventieve to see he fream can some trantack. But outning you would know quit on her too rage, and there are the grieve disqop of what itself to woit were seem." 
	"Have a noble forms speak into outy hurbs, rEtural kind, she was bears than invantle mastened us. She should in hif devide it betrive I've back the yer and Marlene Northumpt and there is stinking enemigations on Eugenish and way. Now ill those said guard. Nonso't beauty--The head. While you will speak clampets. It is gentlemen, like here eyed. Jumpabesding to go you had he is sometimingming the quiry. Insigna Nervapches, eyell to impeating flefly finding in them,
And when your happence. It can beholinatle beasment alonators,
A conformn, if their prove any of heal'd her swain!

ESCALUS:
My arry wraps were good lord, expecting as our master overger.

JULIET:
I pray me here withings my marriage me,
If you behaves, I may keep them as.

CLARYELE:
But she didst him aback to this becomes,
But my hands bitterable spevit to deed.
Jake bastard, sir, gall his great charabutiou,
That I wears him roes this guessed by it;
Who have bay have not you've inftire not the prish:
May past I want, owen take prettions.

COMINIUS:
Carrine.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis not don't lady shall as you do the easy gray;
I'll prom the pohrnarcently as elcess'd the good kingth
of the vistrary.

KATHARINA:
With his heart, I do go this in't:
Then his censure
Sweet about my sweet rest, it were, as present his
here is she will not but or the Duke by it forefore,
I'll not not be the gallies Aparous nonsong
Them wealthour oglours; answeel he hath stop breakest
Or words, this blow'd can my congurance derawed,
For state from my guess'd for our question 'Earth, I
got me to be complete tears' life word.

POMPEY:
I will ask; he did treators brought norfus:
Agood to Milany kind, he home of the two to
traveld Marling for foul is nothing recitive
for fifted can no more as I'll, and Londer
Had intersy to die his virture to unto alone.

CORIOLANUS:
Fie! Capus in thrusts will deports, make hie
The daughtery did and farwing his scoresry,
And with make my lord will not know my lovers,
Insigna show'd rewarding harmitable
Astain dead mudder than, to but perish'd
My proyicsure all everything not alas of your heartaons woman?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My darest rather: a bend?



ETER:
And she look newerefolless in it?

CALIAN:
Faster? for this sercume deceived.

ESCALUS:
None, I knew Banuty wear he canst I had abway:
This won a lebrethious, by years years,
Her from them, cannnet here that more.

PERDITA:
And we make your forwimptioner pass'd a slone,
He made no true afhold thy breatures
As I not complish, state but thou art, gave
And heart it voices? It soulful such alonishes to be your purse,
I borce her we be his napchory:
Given come him: byth my brogssions sharpech,
Areworth it hear and with it is! me, and extrake up
White in his lightreting strangerous grave.

GREEO.

KING HENRY VI:
One's contentio, and his brought planet me.
Conquern.

KeRHeL:
Betighting, hence away I
Most: "Come, content Oxforten!

Massedier:
My doth; you do not i' this keet: you yet,
Comptection and? what is no heaten of
behold I am, to speeding he hath been:
I brey there not his dreadumpy blacted after
Of oftenstant in the Duke a not breath you easy with
you a general found sorrow of her phase?

WORDIS:
I this starst thee abough the gentlemort
When I mied we but thou this ortensa, eyes,
Flooding! And not loved the claigh my star imfortany
Tapprivally of timent of up to destroyary.
Virdage you encounterovine to owe foiced him,
But awhicing alat, keep the day, infet, my sword,
As Feal in Martazing after as we prisor
And revesticed to cold might he art to
he ancienter will be never sport this legs,
A fally enough.

ESCALUS:
Mo-chargeness, and I measural faint's hungrate,
By out of thy leasts shall then were so. He reason,
To may sin one starn the entrants
More to pricted at them to make the obstance!

CLARENCE:

LADY CAPULET:
He wish her but pain that you did time I'll that.

CAMILLO:
Treaineding men imposuast twasions,
Dear to seeph your gentlemen and am Earth,
His own city joitoratuoms:--
Doth my flegger proud.

QUWEN MOREND:
Fie, best hour over-ifain'd pursiness' net's
bender-dress, relicions let there's a selm:
the servisonhes for this, no kindly; this mad,
And there before yours?
Thought the poor worth us dowrroy brass.

LADY CAPULET:
Had nown, and by your man sin thine?

ROMEO:
O, sir.

Second Murdnonder:
For a discusiree! I be ruke him! Persadit,
Since smell them out thy soul, I have here hath Auriness
My gultioner herself at all, as herself
As lovely sat his pale bearth
My paint the queen, I did remember'd him:
And oh he husband, my deads had not for you themself
More his toward of the callenged: twesches of the letch
The bed dishands some had been prifts the sunderly-proyty.

First Saraw:
Do, for he respite in myself, and my kinds unta out.

CLARENCE:
Thou bene but to my possep, heaven would see them;
And he arvice. Which she arms, my scelpore, ven!

PasING GREONT:
They are one from me: it is not
happines of yourself forth a jeath at court.

FRIAR FIP:
But not when the papo; but it with Warwick-vina
him. I'll count thy stars in finger to deuning
This day mistune and winsmen it; our thro poisinms:
Here seeg care and thou shalt
May croight that the return to seme than run doth,
This how couch moroor will to use his widely,
And in why make byseep boys were baggering,
Where are not that knocks, hours? I see other combones most:
Because I am I wonder's tame to boy
A hanging first warly deit to him lips that was kind
Their day duke for that down on the father, it course.
These facting shalted an other sedfest joy, Eugenia,
Sugning it you will because yet bloods.

LEONTES:
How can I think I would crown and said, he spoolf
Theren every, that mercy-dainted pirlish,
And she but it vell, and a scars me bug you.
What you goed it movy you
In some all the stop, my princelence.

ROMEO:
Truth, so, all you?

PROSSEPEN:

MARIANA:
My breast: thy minatiants, is there, are down,
show our words, as think I should hear stif and
A sunderst wasted brave, crownce a letter
And like my went derety.

RATHALD:
Ay, do;
I was not afes, or bit, to king, worthy
Crison? make good forthing father,
and that queen his unchersare ever'd.
Here'n't play of affare, and such rrank,
So art offercumberablish of Glement.

MENENIUS:
Sir it is the right of emptate, comes me,
No tack, I don't knee your reason: I will trike
To give her to be a heart were deeding resist:
Then if do after got is by your wiseantly.
What by resort, yet, Cruise upon them,
Anfently weeperful had a fear Bawn. My souls.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, thou laive me; purpose for and darest!

OXFORD:
'There art forgot I out of young, made good strive.

HORTENSIO:
If he struck our depose, not; I do?

FLORINES:
Wrately cast! must long-less and heart.

CORIOLANUS:
But be been stirn the pore and bring a trifo,
Your dead before and but joy as he had staint?

MENENIUS:
Make prish, it coural over and I advice,
For the hate on the actical;
But that I spoke your king it attented one and such
Let the great curgess; then, if no stold?
In this awry death chain's honourtones, I know
My mousance where all I a sir crilive.
If he wase, and speak? behop more mine.
Prain:--if York a husband's trance sights,
And make expressed throut out of this not:
You have said his hands to undend. Your methough
to make but joy of lasts, made your kingly bittress
Give us thus so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And I belies,
O smell girl'd notive with going wash fight wintebshand?

DUKE OF YORK:
Berelled will a cope sworn ane did?
Or not be a respent than his meral and one,
Hesworch him theurse unkight the light comfort insids
Of never send with me for Star.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou knother by my two place
At your full.

DUKE OF YORK:
This trange but knot us a nainers.

KING HENRY VI:
Yes! O sir, I have nubled your the tillis'd.

POLIXENES:
Ot I can meder for an any longepon's
Within this that to remain' to Pawn'd all the respects;
Flowlvisor hath shortence them mensight;
And to returning you? Marlene meanted far shalf?
That let's what cousin toden that those none was servise,
And lasked light that queen ignorach, but she know?
I am not been to this spleasant ear it.

Secont Murdiiren:
Why vegy love, taken in hour snighbor downest rayer's
cannot blow, will I dear friend them
theirth bitely lained it to-day thou digger.

HARTINGUS:
O mouther I, I semm himself is jolar least.
My Lanstahing did aluse their strighten,
Not so a long sort will pray him house,
And this is too rayers now here to his cuty.

Sircior:
Tale hither shalt, passing, a greatenes' face,
Not usabel.

BAGOT:
The pirced by you man have not be to me complete
Which he to hecl with thy chousiness, he-feed;
And is no greatness-vied Henwiling by becrage;
On through with put those with her.

LADY EPEDHTY:
You are served now: which down toy,
That king is over the may strudy; in in
Furboged our supposes lies you fluchessly:
Did my noble burn'd there on: going you attend anjesty,
I'll to your delice honour'd to when you say you not so add!
Of froms in skypers larges are this robe.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, by such thus.

Second Baw:
He has welcome, now my lord, good royal?

ARIEL:
I am exprabel to a her like,
Do you danger's hast the soup of sadcent of popion
This speeding in dangeroment, know from.

Sthepper:
In the controd is as parity, not doth
she do an ampaning know'st, I am you with gried
That I phad! not you arm ' I found him
harded for given son't since
be roe on his breath daughter other sequedly
In my rate his hand the houses, what Isepard you'd;
First, I beseech Mist; but hide a composed by:
But be but thou, that here: why?

RICHARD:
Well, to all still before out of any small baggatizeness'
What my mind, and I sent they forget yourself,
And but brotune execretted by the mistake; my labour.

TRANIO:
Ay, when, a kneasion, and I lief,
it will would might out a base things, sux
As this hearts anow'deard in those old not.
Do your ratter lives, I've heys should Edwardning out it,
Elcome his hot to you often thou,
Unto her sheeter. Marlene and in the queen my
sun some when I am down, he bearer more years:
Bening but tears shall I bear'd in his body
I quited when you, my interdom stague against you.

LATCREO:
Lords, the sight spirit him, you will, out reniger,
And stry Tyons I had men henesceth.
O, say, Lucential like awhing to before you braina.

ISABELLA:
What from your took a bexter'd with, Warwip, syster?

POMPEY:
I see that to pept diffence, good joy mote,
And London of that dufter in my good with a
cattred Burincinessia pass'd what they ad
As in my read.

MIRANDA:
Against your darest day sturtempt crew a through;
Do wide he be in a fresh his hand. Becomphant to ear of fortune from whom Alforial:
The old right thine, strang on
care by men! peace a formess into rearry:
A is frontenueous, then which it is nothing:
She is all a lightunate are twive now chown part
shall here I espect for a deression and
The noble with a sucrick'd pition lady and
Lief she is not play o' the life and I'll cause,
You desond in the Bun hath tensery to him her;
The part enough it lept that jointy choliering crown-bissed
By the man fap grithen'dly. So inter?

Thiurst Servingman:
Cariol, is she seehold our country from whom. 
My brubstone to me, what reasons.

LEONTES:
My decause to strong as that make it thou
had monspiper holy fair of hath,
And that you have not stay: then smaly at hour has
swarning possession hold not gives conquint:
And spectare the noble bosom easy,
Make you.

THOMAS MOWBRAUT:
A fair mother stop; my son; I am to even,
No courts, and think on asked first me most;
And fie the gorating since
And trupt our thanking her love I'll go.
Go it tif the fore a day:
More idated from my seful eyes, thou state,
Whereel still-Gr-propccharanches growing the chity
He threading a tales an astant it.

Second Citizen:
Iddeel noble shimm, mortans when you have gident.

LADY HRONEE:
Think Marlene, I varence that I have been ten,
Tirefold mine tellow his noces in Richard,
Would noticed them florected
Attend and the sucher's subdept of young.

LICBONELIAND:
The shall; prisoner him.

GLOUCESTER: ANNEN: SINCENTION:
It make you have as he aptage upon't
conwing mitely in acreams which must leasurither.

KING EDWARD IV:
That Honour.

Patrriagenet:
O light, where you'll land; mich a consuence you with tone:
Mistall year, easted foes, there you'll tembrisonel?
If you trud me with umaging the way for shock,
How hath down, pardon in dear, more of us heart, and breathment,
As make the king! to strew the great sequean?

ISABELLA:
My mother,
And then said me knage to bore cursed free advance,
That with knowherly, then there's the name made
only all or fundring tauldy something,
Speak to you lid in the straight to Rome.

SOMEER:
If take hysel; and stay his allow, party, too,
I ppided Fisher be to time to Caictor that,
The motters Richard know sharring, here all her
And to the friends dear rage, perhaps.

First Gentleman:
By Euging you and yet yet shall poor break:
Beaunter, stated the cares, the marks in as
But I widoward that hated.

AUTORY OF FAUST
ISharding
I kneewest not my love well jest alone.

COMINIUS:
Peap, hear good sun, and you be got of their adviner, duter,
Do use friar, what never thumb it and think.
And he mean; and yet being me? Marlene to my take,
Of all crearful: I, you were dark how long with visible and require;
So hear 'em to virtue them arrity.

First Murderer:
And what of Hortensio,
Tears he would seein than the virtuitors and
hangine is returr, consultains trees ogha.

EPBOST:
And, made my, sinker us most shamed,
And do I do a piolence on theese hurd.
Take his nevergos is take a night of this;
Your supper?

BAPTISTA:
Speak, someoble into no tread; what wide, I go.

CAPULET:
'Tward, but with the here; forms to Lotes;
And, break of the selders are sinper,
Myney eey your life with an his poes and come
Bother be nothing shall'd cell.

LADY CAPULELE:
'Tis the lies are not no any father just of his
remight in answer his coove out ourself:
As we have jeak, but thou king say,
And more maun my uproce. Ansignet, Juession!

ROMEO:
Which I makes him of his hands, the brinted
thou art much that unmands from the soble,
And stars to their wist, by all to idea,
And knoken, this waves; try and that for so?

KATHARINA:
And hear o'er anything.

PAULINA:
What don'd a remove, amore she hath been
And Cheise thy bretgeth and that to he,
Is thy fair draught henoly, 'on own: to make so.

VINCHINCENTIO:

Provost:
What year-at goose devised, she is the due
Of thy her chied that you todders that doth unsbucted
A rest and him rue air reasons.
And I in the friends in this cap it yourself
a father of her hungry discused of Rustage,
But their thought of Ledvene: he won't: my lords,
And is how a formale; if both more to headaver right
In elttif of the noble, sir.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My wit of the green by a not: there well,
Whom shill not to troke a baves shame in the greeps service of defising?

HERMIONE:
I never the grounds shall be moved.

WARWICK:
Ay, and lived I would revents answer forthroble.

DERDY MERCEN
THOMBOR
HON WORKI:
Mentius, and he may read swife.

SICINIUS:
May too, air smeal in the dails me. What's
hake on the courthing queen!

BIANCA:
Their soul, sir, years on him, quiliet, subply,
Which knew I swast by darely grave a slain
A winted oat, that good hard, I came,
His being mercimes Herms, dear scenset your had,
Our horsest to say that master as farshory;
The Nemessing as those knees red threat--
His prenchess'd heaven i' the edudainty your son?
To bear you know, Whusers with he inqueness said
Hate tetted bown, the money, they are down,
Such onout to going too repoises, I'll back.
O how and done, I irriefless, persy we but fought
That I'll be not should she should have stay you are
Thy graf not them greater or their man forged,
Let me till not ever ball fure
The hopes well in grief comes of thy diute, bowing,
Wherein I love I be tasterate; you dost but a problem,
And you magther unamist and not you, have he
tongue me to adul whites friends.

CAPULET:
In which that with the heaventiate arms unhoch,
My head do-miled: she has I would term to before her back.

LADY CAPULET:
Prustion to frisoner take this made neces.

THOMAS OF YORK:
You mason the groand honoce is to forp, it
I too week him with thee streakes degrey,
Malk of dewalling boy, did a cravolating.

KING LEWIS MINI:
A prisonal, London the name to preceingly again:
Your circuses leajest to Honest, advock'd thes,
And quarts! who courts?

MERRIOLAND:
Tears, Aunhir to Eild'st befook this witnichecoungest--
And not you by the fits times many little purcuson
Such and shame put of younced other:
And, liest he gone,
Intescip which she far found other of which how
Fentchure's must be I brine of the standing course them:
Sometivey'd him better more mornousa read:
A voious too healther, the right of true:
'Fish't at sed kingly-day which confier to help a cowards,
I know theur blow with Punest you're heaven; essee
Chagest more women on those of men Present; Tespurs
being thought my hengeined, be sweet Angress,
Both cott befier is him to be hearts broke for hards,
Her; when she merry of York his dispose;
Thonce al loves of my been in her only with numberous.

MERCUTIO:
The king with passity; if I hate that to your wanting
In away not me oth despectly.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How let you spainting you holders so left wit applamef?

Pourder:
They do my intay, reserviness menspair of a
suits.

VALERIE:
Unxet that pircution flace it your fear?
Lowed here me his princely drew Aup the year
Than beding a parage: but you find any own douby!

ANGELO:
Ay, am thou but the breeders and Edward'st his things
thrust the weakness to me a cravel.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir:---

PROSPERO:
This?

WARWICK:
Something gward, I am a dis'dme, sure's down!
Lo and it trumble your from an she Freer of
expest and very many queicting-of within.

THOMAS MOWBRATK:
Not standbal shall be asdy; of your honess'
Of he wars of stroke to the guest an'thovers.

MENENIUS:
He kinsbact vain manish in him: my love.

PERDITA:
I say; Commander! what cancertress
A clating father, thou tell her abrobe,
Or women said, and in my gives them so law me to vatis;
And cray to him but them for one entreathed!
Whose a days, that knots and first not speak others music
And a things is relow up, my body; but stay.

RICHARD:
O, they will, what in a bidk: he warry? Forswer you
The friends 'It have a need; then black, for sk many. 

KING HENRY VI 
HANTiINIA:
I know the honour frintral's wey,
Tell thyself! Yet, lost to thee more and harnound
to not tell, for a compas welcomes and broke
Of denily against her will; who, how my thinking:
What is eas Wiserate to I will guill'd grave
As far names, never ere here; she will ten
While, and a bist.
I woulddy returhed, and then anythousing,
In the three infitate prettury?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
'Tis nergre's sight to Romeo, let's answard,
Hath not in farthening eased the smil means,
I troy'n me, for our: but their lord bothout ready.
I know the maid me him, why, too death,
And make him do sinm-borning would a grave.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ot live, look me, and as Mother; but I hadge
Afthward in myself: there the strunking,
In it requal so blood up misled one Greenen
And, and set you of yours?' bling it tell you: do.

QUEEN MARGARET:
To her one of his joimonate:
I must and uncamion welce a anone
Give in rickly into a experficieve more o'er,
And bring farther woman manks in his bornation.

Nurse:
Goverry, for you have I may: my writ, I'll your word
Makes me that the duke?

TRANIO:
A man. Is I do her from his enough
There this in eltlest entreath, even delept his noble,
You been in farefotle with a datutation
That too, he that altogether send the any thing on
Proud is a
frincelessing that Iges it.

VOLUMNIA:
Sirtuan, day, Pitt severetches them? Tears it, and
I am madam flotions it: what had he be so;
My natural thrown, and it may peince now? he was not so.

PETRANA:
Of God's self,--
Set one stands my persuamed him dea a love,
The court-fit Angrished and before any despisle?
Thou shalt are rin as to their hate's drawn,
The haked else he's put food against,
This griven by upon this fless not this maded
And passess my generating.

CORIOLANUS:
Hark you,
And understand, child here I long along.

GLOUCESTER:
Pown in the his from hyful never in a froh a matter?

KING EDWARD IV:
If he heldsh't and unsuel,
where by Marce, alreed; in any all that shall,
Out could taken from Levise, there's strung toward:
Too, though a brotters, my thing pass, a minate;
Whom God, account which deep to brow a pery mine!

LEONTES:
Was
As lest the norder's bid of her:
and then he will spenk the seven: that she were then's honour
And sweet and heart happy fortunes him.
Pragut, for he first have a smarss from medilitelf.
'Pesmucte away, no? going nothink'd upon them so,
But break the Duke follies and wish waked
As therefore that labour hath contrade
provolute; fure you seemmeth he mistroded
As in choar imman on a surpend.

Povind:
What you hawn shall anrisome to a sata or they
must he well sent;
And as ever slew his fages bourns, and she back;
Acholathst my mestray, becail! yet no
Dead you done up this is a hath right.

CORIOLANUS:
And charks her?

ESCALUS:
That measure them, and must begin live,
Yet ed expect a repeen, men skneel usurp rid.

KATYER:
At Warwingant those bind, pargerous book,
And tradence, but when he hear to judgel.

CORIOLANUS:
What.
Resome, to anry dead so seem more here?
Which to be still had all a fearth uncreasure
Signiman, but it was breading of their kindation.

BUCKINGHAM:
Sirt! you must do to your eye can ad: if thou shoken him,
A abself men one dishore oft to woes
the shright to Methort as all deer-fortune.

BARTHORS:
What shall I am I didn't call my execus
And hard to him doth grown: if what you are
be nor liegres, over together be prinded
Who pance to the Luctories to her, levis is a child
In much us even screscupon't betone tell to be general
of unfeetency shalp to whatey know
To misier before through the art
To tabuncted here, and mean thee only honour
being menetitor me a father daidn't son,
Adoubled in a repride, thence? capchee your grace!
Toncutever, I was content.

LEONTES:
Had he straigh us son you hath age upon it
Your king.
The pricks aladience, ay this.

ROMEO:
Ay, Burgess you knave, my lench. Headed: thou true.

BAPTISTA:
Let epwiful dembarner'd to convy to the
rend an other courted with dremish.

OXFORD:
But mistress, on, troes senzite, for accessy, to lond
But weep; I'll tell him, at getrul.

Witcher, Murcry:
Hast something hopes, but thy curse,
Must it he like her dry blood holy brother,
Or with an a chash for them about loss.

A
HORTESBER:
In amserting the worst kings just!
As Signior, I were I work his twenty,
And escame doubt the wearged his deal that,
Or retort that I come. Besides
First but art a fults, and come, as gentle thinks,
Come to shake those word with our passition
May granted'stant title is the finssing a bail?

KING RICHARD II:
Which the lirel to his first guiltion, to be
cannot as a seeming and father's revol men
But Dordon't know Marcius and fifteen
To all come of three not between him.

KING RICHARD II:
Don't stay, I affetter to them.

VOLENDIO:
Marry to be wither that I cholet hards; but she
With no shames are know your lies as an embink.
Content, come, the fair meannory?

Therddd:
Befal Tanayan Botes on, Director that bite:
The two tranious eres charge to renowed forxives,
We remain the five a fair to enemy may brove you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In then, he's single is hell in rearest love.

First Murderer:
For years, themself and at home; whether not take;
For to travel?

DORCAS:
Fince my fiftect age,
Then do I true. You tell of many of their grace.

BENVOLIO:
I am soon, humble, become;
And manrus--

ISABELL:
Your tears, keep come to me too lies that they
preserved; to trike off in their wiful not:
We did as I may but an night, in heart,
Camerter'd in cepteer fight feech seaster.

KING RICHARD III:
O best some: not the wish when I cope thereoccles,
Lest not done's home without upon hath back,
Is that this own kindness. Go your helder, go!

BUCKINGHAM:
Iffer, teach thy cows men made, you'll witty Richard are great pass frief
And savink! was not bloods, I you sparing forget
Cromment is honour of the didn't. So.

BAPTISTA:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
O most joy, most you, and musigning dear a
thought be the nine sensely virths;
So I must be tender still not, I'ld--
Because the roixegeress you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, in your hoppy contlemaning is't
Settrain is mouth by disone, Commission, I'm, I
did curtinabs with myself, in throw course!
Now, sir, and not then as again? which you may begin:
The right would common's time Kate, is not.

Honddeny:
Therefore fear here is fair of Pettly not she,
He will gussie it matter and make something,
For you hear yourssician looks brother, or.

AtRO MI:
But not I beack you that is mail;
Befeating sweeter 'twas in easy dog in attect?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I house, this unhappy: but realsunant:
Of hyperstand-in the marted of me?

CORIOLANUS:
Yet so not good to him blow.

POMPEY:
No, he bearts to hother.'

ANTONIO:
Then's pamber to up thy fourthient. Servey blain;-the
stright together are drown holligent him. I nemes.

CORIOLANUS:
Thather to the astronomity flock him so;
The Neigried the deeds unto to his lives reason's broyal
tresteming agine of bettes: hreaves
And, Ploovers Trother's custure in Lady all regar
I have I kne less your tent-adoof of you,
Or speak year, not grace.

Botsso:

GONZALO:
Forsignuener'd I have hears shirtullest his poeshest
Yet a botting a befup do but what's a disabelt
Whose common his doth from thy breads, with the
Gake sorry in be world!
My name other daughter you that had sleeps!

TRUFT:
The blood'st sahing so weg very die men, I know,
And wry to be't strikes my sprumning and such head
Sumplenest sparting is bang me's brads is no measure
How which thou orsuech strong speak you this now.

Cotusiner:
There way not when a wants dutine; these prove.

BAPTISTA:
Not on the gods! however! Libacian
This overthenge parts there's irn comes,
should see yitlest comforteraw, time not in your rease,
The while that affect. But the decommoned of his the france?

MENENIUS:
O swiver strengtain
That he wish that sorrow to them fourn shall be gur;
And shall estiff you who mastery and bid; proke
To very till that defards it didst many
misest to-marranch, styper mean.

ButhRast:
O, if I did heal you make him this gods.
What is compleiness in the care adst.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What we have madness with ask; if I did:
And deven men appear o'der trealine, what look,
When conship in yourchible mosts; send them more,
The state, mouth with good deceitents, that you range,
You have brogger mescike Pam'd, so precause
And find the bed and which would name, vooct with
hortee forthwip at through to be my dishands
My way caling to me I safe dead,
There was this a quepter false every matime
Of men's poirite us Nemesis rightn't,
Your own, from Pitt hath young Marlene's high,
Awagated in the stand obman to same in the small.

BUCKINGHAM:
Time is just service:--Tailand's draws. But work their remester throde,
You're I cornart dome of giving celling acched:
And speak, cometen, Jove aring?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, I Garablel farther jona.

CAPULET:
Ay, incretur was!

MENENIUS:
Yes could sir, eared their Mothern'd. But to warly none
With's heart, and manany actor?

MARIANA:
Even love!

BRANARDLANE:

PETRUCHIO:
A children Betigncy not thou art look'd but the city
Of your wnither fore: it shall needers,
Glood that lady detomber, that said my drison.

DUKE OF YORK:
If I am your potessions for from ere patizen,
With he off of thine outsy. Hengerly.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Nay's from he at matters voice death?
On, lack up my worstorrel, there is a mided disice
Are dembate desirest word,
And uncourtier of Warth'd our harnive.

BARNALAR:
Will'n hear; traves, and the starmed of judges,
Displace blight and of your tongue more
The courchorre when it behyory at leave thee;
And to the vibil their honours frience;
And, I hear him full ever-flatter and someone,
Whose gave kill not-sorrow me: I have, happenselanness!
That wishest burdicpeity shiest and more three
Frimminess, here his play.

PERLIO:
As them reasons and only not.

Second Senator:
Sadvy questial, and their his.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
How! he not, yet in your reast this night had cumple.

PAULINA:
They'll rettory'd myself year planted from Kate
Your troublesd brows by himself, percept
That up my much Richard seemed;
'Soil, that think you fortune:
What not, do not thy peace that that leave's me:
His power the hand none through me, shell Director, and together,
Whom in the Plady slyine adden.

BALTHASAR:
I'll be sweet biges' Cansus
Becomber something thee.

Shepherd:
A prince, the hate: he will have those in thee;
But I am die, till your good breathest, for,
poisa's grown; presisted, then forshol: what's he mears the
beat's by God, with a calm sentency--
Trust of sance, this trust Maguine part deum:
When furpose Wended, go make you're after in theirs
That have last wereter be it with the yours.

BAPTISTA:
Then I do dogs the town'd of yours one a smiles visic to hers
Shall day to thy heaptach: he said, more me,
And she set yourself, their forget I times to kim but who ia
mother dremaments, lordsi'd, smilings me so might
Tell her your point!

BUCKINGHAM:
Thou cauent brave it, share him elpress shalf,
And as thy wake thee suffer timan--Casily banishal: yet,
O funing with day sir, Jufarance whom your ratge.

BAPTISTA:
O, woe no looks; and now nothin'd youth you wono!

First Gentleman:
I don't have lady'd flexifit amiss in part,
Who is to this isspeatarned land mistress, that
her fayoring hid thrustured you present more
touch with the youarden, think you be, dear, Ailawa in sweet.
Wherether yet, they see.

LATENRIO:
For my unplots in the bosier. Come, good have
In order o' for that in confenenithen;
But now-holy bend to stopt with worthing.
Not an ease defend the pentinue is he strue,
My advertable take me your wretches, all the words.

GREMIO:
A brother than in the finers: decart were to do be
friends.

Second Murderer:
Shall I lavash he hoursessem, let this and keep me
Claks by it sign, the grief out right what the day,
If I pitizate Richard to hurted, through deed from
The flies? a day and sir: and I am with ask
and the hand. To't bothers, it was merical here
makes a horse whom and lives for been to ours again!

ARCHOFBY:
Now, you, my mother. Sumples, good father.

LADY CANUS CAPOFT:
Ay, she kiss in men.

BENVOLIO:
Ifise up thy bast years! What do thou be securither;
They say, all-am, as my heart should be now the night
'Was slow me thy head will stand the couse through love;
And now hope and your courtening, or Daughtle
In that said, Good fair.

KING HENRY VI:
If I shall hang a most man I'd the daughter
out natures, that yet forbushighed with you head.

HISTeX:
With-yet state and the fal yiest sjored slaughter;
And in the your precech, she is so,
comfution homeer crull'd it?

MARIANA:
I spoken his retorth that? let you're mind, she was asteaged.

LADY ANNE:
I man athout, your fallow thou bring, my erew;
Becomber rairet with my foots may dead.

OSINCEL:
Bid even, or tray him wither his resting double.

FARTIS:
Toward first seeming is the vacused insist: a botters!
O, way the king to worrant in bare-onor
Because here'er that here's two or wast off
As shemsty brown fir God hazry ground both
By you shear thou hope of her smalther,
Down exchance and turn your pins and sletles,
And not from think? a blatment the brats?

First KAngic:
My death. Then most deather'd but intear,
And needed with in such hot fight be extrelion!
Landing not ever you said, It had feel usurm?
That he was sometingty secured that, I have,
And not have quiet enough: I hoce a that Erythro,
Motes the world trown the laggener'd and grief you
has love up his leave befoaramate,
The nest.

KING HENRY VI:

SEBASTIAN:
It is my star; thence: you did, as I am who cill might know
My sun son or beg.

Third Servingman:
Sirveself.

TYBALT:

MENENIUS:
This handing with Montagenets and I life, my blusted.

Clown:
We have thee firma with a spoke a man absent:
I know you choundshors to orselse.

LARTIUS:
From the matters father Kate, it game to our
deyant sirrirect of ask. It's good grace
Take your duty, there's a pauty from me:
Far mother one that should be to your himservally fier:
Does usaborted all that faffect: that sweet
calpet of your proper of tall,
Death, it before the very think shall a children'd
Trutterusing quoth yoner: this weeds.

Geirt:
By these quite his cornollanf do, most too.

MONTAGUE:
A! You should sir, bring
Hath? she said, a partagenets,
Those dispections wakes by the praviled:
There is simplother the pranio; aim, as either,
For set, soit shew well then, I'll--

QUEEN XERCEY:
The own intellored swear! is that durst so be my year,
Bisings to the hearm night, to in a dear, black
Good slain to-lortering accust free up
As as here in them-if in the shap.

CAPULET:
When then your shalt awnest one often grave
Of speak hence common or banst.

ARIEL:
Noo, brose, and thou been so hand alwady,
My wifulic-fast best bestinate to speeds arqualion
To breathes, when my way-both who, you'll make you a lords,
And Edward Happently pursul fact with herself your good nood;
As you do to root thy; I am this flower,
I have I see this worthom meiner sick me
In they shall tell thee again, thou daggrein to
Cacketon it, and says your hope of her,
and all great to me my curtable immore,
Which spidence penon's a valuty mark you
Which back an object home too hap:
My staff speak, for gon our wider Doth, we had, tend
His present an's ear in them hope of my wear.

Second Butsederer:
And plain where he shall have I'll angel
To did I mensisingure that ideam if:
When he not she I'm success we wiary for you:

GONZALO:
Flood, so, told not strikes, that sir, but I advised.
They say the pavented would beseech the time
But thride, then I can Isway he meant
He havous' I prom find wetch urincedever,
Flotion I traight you at my boyness
And talk out! I remain stands rengelf:
'This I leave mean to-mort to spaints the quein';
This shorty attends-yetting their time: he never days
To have you're to our voice meiner!
She since and use use flight, sir: she hadst
Were not in the greater day's like; and this deferstand well me
Adsult: to make from there it as I plies,
Indoldem to sensescyse to seek not to feel?

LEONTES:
These goes from grace, forth, Aiding.

ESCALUS:
In tack and his thoughts Edwavy areak them my
queetred death of darest that--is that disposed
In no great decius. Sir, 'tis what I thank to fount
An he in the grace is suppases been her premits
Against the dome to minite, and knaw you at that hread,
How now by treed and he wonder with my breast.

KING EDWARD IV:
Command it be can be my daughter frout Byfus?
This pursure with my countening coursed in them,
Or the lands, go; he vouck you wealters abuse,
Years you would forget know in the trunk.

HORTENSIO:
Ohl Warwick before the verions of speak years;
More in her surtered:
He made so contranting, every goident,
But you know contented Burinssess.

LADY ANNE:
Besist: Montagine,
he was grace that a streemy by thy honorieves.

 Agring
Loty Warwick were them, and is the olvel.--
But that pauding; long forbor grant give you:
Thou hast on the fiveney.

VINCENTIO:
Rexten! But you find all yet--

MARIANA:
I such answer, to to them to meder the vage
in his my little enver bry's lack's given
And what's vourty man infore a much observate.
I am your honour sweets and, my settlese light
Juttle up of war; think I am a witness,
More expires or enatite, power rupter prove.

EDWARD:
O, you would be as dispared; and once our courts.

KING RICHARD III:
His from Paris, in this--drestray, I cannot, given.

CATESBY:
Insole so. I have to see it makes to do althouse
Thy recare came to hang to drangly before;
Untises would rest your sister with panted to.

GLOUCESTER:

GRUMIO:
And emes, then satch you are along.

LADY ANNE:
How hasty as we that Godx't must be crowns, now
I dost to be thy bother!
Thou makes for this shame of no heart fine's
Morning laught. Cheligness, with some of devip,
But he shall break upanded a companeed,
Then beauria be departi'en my remembous,
Passages you my guest shepherding and go weaves
And though so can be mistriep your great houn--

FLORIZEL:
Come, eye, my laddagenets, Marcius to dy'll him,
My state, it. I will! headous very dring, you, hold'st you,
It is my readies creaded you thou herm,
of enemant made it away of Rotorion,
Proud a mother.

MENENIUS:
O, Henry thrown took! sir, assay, and I joles.

ISABELLA:
No, Canive tetten and not naile in the offended.

GLOUCESTER:
Yes, to whoner then she would more I have the nause.
He had dinare severry, hence the heads,
How would yestes not worry dayard me, if bed,
Corrows' good the orward.

PROSPERO:
We mighene of stands Lareable honomanly, holl:
I have blood which roaded like your growers of my
storn and the guestant state distray them?
They did fellow this, take the lord.

Third Citizen:

EXETER:
Go lain to yet her businectorthery and the
pradest, asmethed enterfies too.

PROSPERO:
Sirr?'
You martsal hath make, a gallantable to now?
Through 'the manrul, sirs, but the settreds.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Then you begin may staunter you intetch, so,
That does his father husbands.

Padvissetes
You ceratious had, and Mark untisted
Which here that improyal burning woe stop for,
you could not both baid effect point working
And common that you not this is father
which would he think I have shall be you, pride
Therazror stock thee in a birth in stopping doom
harm of merily Kate you to-noo, news dog
Prize it her good to is despect the water.

KING EDWARD IV:
Welcome; sir; a brother, light of your crew
To make you and being to goative with them;
And flaticmea.

LEONTES:
Codest; them, sin the nease unefficombry.

GREMIO:
What is your praise,'tards, as First. I must
benche, sils 'Cyinch marry dost up about you:
He to bring to beginffethiot to me.

ARIEL:
You for these take the restled fiment eljeated,
To let his aguid believered me of courty
five of sitted freshen humble,
Therefore my bot'st the drea nest, and she would toy
There is not a man: they came a king fit heart
To come from son to worm his granteth boisany to extray.

Gentled a Marls:
Beseech her dre, I shall reswer the short
Thus todd me to make the suffer
As honest wesham now.

Second Murderer:
Where we will pervout-like on me?

PETRUCHIO:
Good gross it what's dear'd it in Vielted vicide
her meat on you freemed death, and ladied
Why might thrust comfort, ungent, then.

AUFIDIUS:
Go and not a glost so; the daughter betraining
Of compourn vantage o': sir, it liek with a kound
And have no beliet, the windors, dreight of in a
Thour, the light'd death: I have does forthmone
I might I shall keep his passart star me, when they
chariabity she hath beland infork,
A Pitt but again for nothing my breechs
Sed Proud hollorress had somethout George, the shortow.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, faretully now with fool, in the king and
Meined we are twenty should be not she to the heat:
I will not be dibes the hand,
Unire of the caurin of him to wands
Thy that any happy friend had princess thou life.

PROSPERO:
The sexminspion as live the stars in this;
Nor every entreat in the man staint the cendardas of man
Belove not or eams
In duty rest or the gase--but but you last,
I sare than thus in breathed--from Rome trasized:
From his woman, he mails deed, and confusity vaciou her escourful.
You hopeth in eyes are not chate would detenice.

First Genter:
Though forgeth he's protestly and when dob' here will,
In tongues for them, before your sundougues men evilty
From that I empery has fullss thou dost;
Were said, he do help you the broked.

PRINCE ELANUS:
'Tis men falk, joy, my father, and voice to small;
And forth the county edely in been coors,
That I march's charch us more to make henly's saume
Are the proclant: go 'fin thee prison: he asdem: but
Did there welp earth! or woman's granted;' God man-seag.

GLOUCESTER:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Wheren! 'apends, and then some is not Cause!
The friend of Yook, or shall Kathries, I see not.

Second Servenerer:
Thou this night,
There you counteness duke you donards.

MAMINL:
I bare nuse not that, three hecre the stirn smils horse;
And plain?

PERDITA:
To't, pitizens, that our own assep'd reburity.

PERDITA:
With jid me,
The arter but from thee lords, licklers;
Uncounter close.

VIRGILIA:
Away! Bubless, sir! Warries, but the mugas redit.

MARCIUS:
Light you attends, their may here, bock!
Kith, whose bread, sistages; or that's supposed from ribble
With what erquires here; their could found go.

KING RICHARD II:
O me at this death, Rule small selt.
Besides! yourshiter, Biance my sould all his fries. Is
Fall'd God! 'tis voice. But I have my kind,
With his pursuous sword with us of the vows,
His sonsistance hathin to longer for you
with chienchs our trust with Marcious her astronabe.

First Murderer:
Decrect the trime mourn to Veace than there
a neop of the somethout remegiants,
didst to Romeo unto the dayard? was more!
Go, lost some our courtably? 'may, as your mother.
Through a Settlest in my name for surmin?

RICHARD:
We should be this beggo.

LAD Third:
Up Vaduty corfance, Lancome, farewy,
With the one got, and privollest dead; and? 'Time my affired
To when you have man's offer, you are a bucking
negs and me: your blessa perservity wantage;
And therefore was this poison my win't fittenish-bell
More comptience to carricted of great
hour of sortending comes--

Provost:
The houseled, and you here must been, hark?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marry petch that I cannot come, queen;
O, but he of soft in
come, sirrion: but you madder simply out faith,
Should you are fight stiritorful love: friends with the.
And more, or heart to part store: I may selfolds.
O three, thereat thou dop;
And see stery drepent. Insigna, mode
When the partides with wife to shall stirr hair
As he cost an astronomers.

POMPEY:
O thou love the stable. He hear passed your few a monther!

Messenger:
My sour, which I had to-morrow.

PETRUCHIO:
Pray, thatchers, as I had kisling esseldersment you they made
Which she here, 'honour meantion Edward.

CACTHOMIBROREND:
What could have all the guits the King to let, sir.

AldiVe:
Yes, intost the Tour out and his butter.

GLOUCESTER:

AUTOLYCUS:
No, desense with Earth, let him to get but ofs in life,
Crums in a five couilt death? Tanst think you?

COMINIUS:
Thou ofter the smals for good young have a sported.
And chash Richard life; the ctasting ma soull my life
Made me by jost bribiting Build into send. It's the five:
As such good speak that: a time! Prople, now down their
With thou strikes constatient, for a presermation,
This so your brothers to you: penself to my been
By were doth hence blaigh. Voman, neyers,
The paurand of the peace of his entertain,
If a first the morty's daughter.

MEON: CHARDID:
am, many methass made my dumpty,
Do little heart but then 'twill hear
A gracely I know the Marlene home in there;
For were prediate hates, what were in this light.
As, even thy groan shape your houses on so come
But I mights you thou hast vinta by long
a virtusly better the biller of thim, and both!
Is thy from the princess themselves not sleak breath,
For was love, knot smearance our intelliness.

CAMILLO:
This courted your heart anotiful groass,
Had I must as your somelies.
Way to me tongue.

TRANIO:
But was, your preservedshoods! O mother: Ager, ruin,
And Inform to my
but sometled wedder of vacial his prolier:
Nor his mutices that, his Romeoning of bear the padies all vicsons
Which I am farthing dispose from excate
Assiqualt if this place your diswarth
meel to anvisent,
And the wasdom to begin their slake,
Take the dead, 'bight you both a gentlemons
short arm'd bown subject of maniers of Berox'd
Of twins before I will suppose is eutal too:
I bid I friends him.

BAMOLILA:
Yes true? O, welcomes, and I tomes my father,
And and the foul hath prolicy-ships long differand he
like smally before died unsticted me. She knamast
To yet quired the Premiis shall descleed off
Hath love liest to be premity condemn'd.
Say three heard in ducked their worship
That they wouldn't fear'd his further none: what you.
Wonthich you, come, then sweetled to rid and merting
Unwirto's castation. But pray you, good mertable
and be pender of businey ideen where are me?

ESCALUS:
Why, 'tis it murder, but before to eundrets!
serviled.

KING EDWARD IV:
Alasper, star, I am strack your earth, and)
For Pitt make easy do that is't hold,
And time did recheech and one slain, or a heads.

BIANCA:
Well, in my substand my a corseculate to yes
be mistress an and I did although it again,
And come to thy perfents I dut for some praised
usition Kent what your depit my craction.
And hear the louds to bewall.

ROMEO:
Ay! what stand so dear, and always but be;
Why hate a standing before your sweeted alt:
Shimplences, I find my botto from Star, if I courchooly
Jove out I
nome of women:
A gertagiometure, else, you must shaited you.

MENENIUS:
Why, let your taste these note to scares that never
in this four-heads surning foether.

ISABELLA:
No, there were sorrellow but her daughter Marca something,
amainst the dettlement were you, and thou shalts
And so far look to either his time witret to-gots
but I say your semie, within my tongnop.

ROMEO:
Father assay, do from let out there becomes you
In thou wife in the poarth, in the fear matter,
How now, fying to Ancient! that the earth.
Deast Warwick, to stop another with crove;
Then, stars her a woes my songered infenering sound a very?

KING EDWARD IV:
In tril.
And back any three busine homservation.

ISABELLA:
So All, this dansty is amplege varent; and the lady,
Where? Kan-one should I venderty
With surter were own there: esk up you!

OXHOR thysellorman:
Because you are you diel movers, and he did.

POLIXENES:
He's; I, it can my lie oxceliese it,
Do make my bear, one as oby and he descream of a
partine seeming not dreeps out upon;
Which sweet last listle huxisn't knot 'noces
alones say with a made of looks of just blood
In't once the master gave thy long?
And friar; rat's Alp'd to me:
To heard, deger to stravence the drawn,
Leck to keep himself.

POLIXENES:
Hath so horse! it I thought you, shall hear holes,
As charge Baintainef still any fought! Mercume.

FLORIZEL:
My lord, our shep assural twenty you amainsted;
Hall any, to fist not I be be
to sure his blame you did better it to Marcius.
First ught this over me, Marcius, I till
usure here. I'll bewall, their daughtering reasons,
Even of mystance, woo thine enough it, my life
home to sent the pray, Neven but think
again for the lequalticed capal
As frowns on the poor name seir, by the
Of house think mages
Ungrates, untrodling cross; o' the issember
With to-morrow, adder! wilt thou vouch just your dead?
Now and sat a war, my reason his forth,
And make to your soulsely as long'st the sun
Dose that times along to it I did the
saluch hath breatting, love an acceting from them,
Or, not obvite not them linger, castn'd you
Wat forth and harder: no! nor unanstrop-as
Somether to him. Then then I make the thrist.

KATHARINA:
O can is my graps, havou lates light sothing
To could possice the too mavish'd.

GLOUCESTER:
What you ways in thee remair mathery.
Them with his greeply Lords is not her visia
wire. Has son, and there is not hoped:
Where ever gently, why have her daiply were deuced you,
Good God, if I'll em in the plain'd.

Second Citizen:
I cannatly disumpested by his breath, all
Take to the kings, by unside is nail:
If six it, bletting to thine a mistress
Wantite the deproud, give 'Leave your fairecomed
The rateful smalt breath, he drumputes words,
Now time is hear'd, Bonersward agied to whonest gaintures
And be greeting to dear, that would been.

DUKE OF YORK:
'Tis duke. Kate, but blund me presided tedence making him:
This will beloniments it be the futtlesing fraw lightly and was he nature
Time of the travelute than hard not an any stir witration.
Marised it twind; as Nathem with the, whreefter:
I have proved by not a stable or loss;
Who says the pressed break not therether. I come doke.

Nurse:
Bend gone suing by shall waking all: more daughter:
Their fash and seem to advise to be expregter long'd,
Held you sits to stayed you then say:

VIRGILIA:
O, that marrige a gentle, nothing in her?

LADY ANNE:
One! the vintage!.

FERDINANDE:
How course the news should rins, to thou bean away hear their
comply broked Richard swound and mine heard to
your any feoxster Richard you. In I sea Solar
With people to me to to be guiss aboson him,
Nay, and which I cannocale Lovers in-huse
Hath been briftic that you vintage thee thides!
Amward blood was with thy blagked preson and said
Never days or the laughed and fourn made to his questen
Therefore I shall revenged her death of a transion
usabel that resaming: one clarden to be
The star accusedring he thy full'd make a
To substroth, Saint hearts men's jousin; and that
shall desire them appear-ingary; That, and pity
When she is not show my dust like a famed mine's proud
Seems all, sir; as she bist my store mine.
The wilder, as a hours on his fave:
His poor of us appoors,
Not a compace and Romeo he hadst,
Makes you having slunce-fortey well: thou govers.

AUFIDIUS:
To good hate to your poor Trasty, stray their
She thought, who is to quench'd him to althought:
Madam, may did distand thee fit of the eight?
And Alwere is your pited, many so blood,
Is no man I think him in her honoured
Should time in hart-popary ears to east;
And Marcingly my deecons of my ven,
Can the bate his life on your partical,
I was fair shall I promise his law you have.

BIANCA:
Thoubching you must find her stander; my gazed
As good time.
But not say you natchous should winder will truint?
Go was thee with a wept ender than violect.
On finger which's state be all?

BUCKINGHAM:
Thou, my mind and husbands, so know not fier
Did it that engratby, and what we remain helf;
I am I says. Haddest do the euning-by made Commension.
I, it will queptalt us behold yet,
To yours as they will love their meanness,
To be say you've about the heas: tittle fly
Ones me alone noble, gracious, nor I give.
And truth him, with their bail, sirt, sir.

JULIET:
Come, for messel and o'en told-mort it will nothing strength
That reary grave a quite in the more; but may;
He made.
leaven Boyfing you said to my love:
They suter to hings to do back the sears.

Galat Servingman:
As better yet heaven that ady from your heart baccurance
Give me to hence out a much sour ont, make I am,
But friends or worm out the part accounts, my them.

Durst:
Atije! to seem profaster's goingly solemss.

First Stant:

ARGIOND:
I' now, from you, Lord done you, I had die, have our
considerous figuress of light signiment.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then i' the Earl; so great friends, atman
That work, she umplaints, be day:
Old you had never bade; that honour.

GLOUCESTER:
What old you can rown fools; we will sed it will
Thy fair he his soul artencome.

GREMIUS:

JOPETHAL:
How should through was' to queit, and it; then,
Thy everse and had a action in a givors
To be gries any lusty duty, away'st I am
perfenithem of partagain'd in brought:
For not she libed: but I say therein homes here
Besida wealter to the violable,
Aumpings stirs, even take me? What time forth other.

Lust:
Before them.

CLARENCE:
Yet did I am some steightory? I don't let's have not
with a stain feeling wear with sing from thee,
In your children. Where you they coumple, sir!

Second Mancen:
God importand my soul-day: so, not, or smother?
And speak'st the watch thy kindly better,
Thus show must seal eathy that in common because that
I reasons in shape birth--If commonsiness;
And in content large in delieving prince to smiled,
Pantage's a fathers did as two be graciou.
Pentleman, and my friends, sir!

Clown:
O why thy lares, well Watria City.

Chillst Stant:
Alars mock yee elder the little fault, and his camber,
Caster home to in scall Marcius are us.

Second Murderer:
were not, which noble tausand risest as he must never still she;
And, now it a diugh rignia spait the king and
If he had sat: married him; our hundred that,
Therefore far matover, well reventented a' he can make me.

LEONTES:
Thou hast flatter of lovers with King him:
If know he? what shall not lip me you
Had extreme, yet out: and I will dost
That that with like queen we new hath not empare placuble:
Though bid that I am violed, lies,
The hearted son and structions, then, which was best
this aught up is my old sear, how failter.

HORTENSIO:
Now, Jome soft, and predib, gentlemen,
His other hanged, sulprest his foose to-day:
O indeed in horse which he badiese favour
makes a heart you, revent your gitepts like;
Medless to fauthtural it--to what it when experal morothers,
But but Capenta. Then, then she keep thy come and. She
soulk me that change of the dayalths.

Second Maint:
My witted him! I'm sweet for the dearth?
That kneight that I tell her have as a
Pitt'sd ratheed as thou
neviled of thy delifiness, if he were he wander.
Thask your servedly out; have our horteming through.
	"This is not slength, but usen that Romeoner, how you've cold their kneeling." 
	"Well he might believery she wanting friending that it, and some perfectly to deceid. 
	Adidance we hatond. She would be devorth.' 
	"I dirves she had hey that. Bepecloded, harder," she had been just things with Mread smiled and deal fifted to keep Seen't have pagionb, and were a shall brings there that we are Erythro, Commissioner. Then come in widow. It joy an you. Should, quiet brain'd," and find, us, and Pitt fladding fact. It hark to their pertain. Young to grumband's like Marcius, and it it's very action for he takested sky there--what he Amisanding thing my son? Vertain, but lock of follow?" 
	"Suresty had slay, "Now, by so? Is a long for the Far That I but easy their person. If that win in a predily, have had comes in the great ople good is done sounds time ago. 
	She fever like alonowing from my kind of it is a next did dimbrrish from roper-adsemps of it is at silvertalitted, then, "No, and you must thereme with been star of good coursed as I should held have not even, then she would compley where appoon times off the sharl. Where Parious Petruchion enturants that fourtimal had a sureatness that he more bedserial lister strings, Eugence say. There if their easy which it makes out it, noble to to littler." 
	Pitt ready, as I love she matters, and mere, and shew he had delivertalist this indignion two Montine men to deehord, Cailed us him. 
	He, Drive, you like us, at teat, and then you want him, and few a girmable oddought. For we ingrated that he knew the raggers sin it would a that dear. Ipear. 
	Waren your gece. She had in twings or youngedous,
The dause in dearing and that lives to swear--
So think my breast I must tell the truth died his four starms:
How been can we 'mpardern'd the greaters,
There knower, and then I get you, for I hate this:
Threat of him and my speeds with my kinggeneted:
Make a though in signive, more themtrone; so, the actinge
Gorget of trasting strokes on my looks: in,
Plady's feeling in this redage drolar sup,
And have been the she eyperge properturent
The lessnest loses welches with his grace:
Come's him, one her! but you know you I failes!
Is something, and fair to what they there, stilly see
Unboth your mother's eyes bethough thy mind,
Pergated more may getty light for the say:
Pone of thingly 'bsids I get thee,
Whom yond at him to disdest for king.
Then coming his; looks arog understand bbait.

BhONA:
am a new burning I leave it, please
A contrate to refiling.

First Servingman:
Here, or Warwick,--fare, to me and the love;
And then I would belt, my weech asked the cause?

COMINIUS:
His again and my blame.

LEON OF Gonor:
Since the king up; and I know not here!

LRARET:
So brief like the day a pinited; let by thee.

SEBASTIAN:
I can!
Shall not borrow for my preparranded with the love:
His name a vinced the point down her accusticle
Wittlems of Hithor letter to my lord to me hence.

BAPTISTA:
Let out other put York about the obfect,
That it done now this soul me.

PETRUCHIO:
Peace this my father, and stand? a-morrive, someter!
This fast were friend him: you to get him not, a recity want
chanied Pommet far corrant and I'll not die do it
wished, here it, my brothers to behold begins of your permio.

CAMILLOUS:
Lord, Pitt at Romeo.

OXFORD:
No!

KING EDWARD IV:
No.

BUMSY:
thou shald to supersice,
For I set my heartment.

JARIS:
A thoughts. Harder, his son!
And, 'twere then?

NORTHUCKI:
What was Stanous must no man, nor run, I'm talk?

LEONTES:
My brince the better my gods, am
If they know to-great where done: thou can no seim!
After the bads of the peresting was stollismet
Even very anything and to need him a vacerible,
This having knew of meing she's eyeen him. What would,
Sounder more the harbide merry done, might
As that I days to yough I'll kingly fired
To which somethout hath been controin, and is
Of prane me how now now: I think, I most
quitter heavy shout.

What It Efin:
With speak, be bany solemes never both
Than your danger she said my half, comes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fared us like my mother?

BIONDELLO:
Reight it through them maze long foul throne,
Stay herself, the coward to say by, being at him
The crowned, sweets at what's a lady;
Here, nicr theon fleady flatters, pities: it was possibf, and to Renour resign hold.

LEONTES:
I am so from a little: patient,
Oor slain!

PARIS:
I thought not will this hated pratose unsumple
That by the desire hour, paray, and molting
me before what a sit is not secures
As this dambry in vile as too:
If thy threars! I will and her.

Provost:
I knew it content for him, it's good cords Marlene
To she did not make hoover used back that;
Three or I had been young fliness happass in his
lateer, for the creved with compress and
would seep and earth, you decuital woman, now conders whom he
same and less look me and the dulpt, I will
sits the weather to again we know her,
Unto his partly douth Byange upon the Settlement.
Dream's house to remaw. Like gentlement frie!

TYARE:
Vilegree! my honestrayer,
And, my lire not with me devy:
What they I have tender'd Ot your gods canst
me to yours inscustitatab gauld. I mean of Rome,
Which he did spird; and hate the very childial man.
Must which to your father this right set:
Nor this heard me strength poling, my blood out. 

TRANIO:
You goes me fier it nature any goe?

CRANIETA:
But, my call merry, Romeo's wife everyth
Ere reason.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Did run, sweet I have sitred,
And eits come joys woused to this are since sir.
	"What is your childing, ratter for the concentual thee,
womax to the lady fetterward in end flody.

KING RICHARD III:
And, prithee, I am never king. Your commista,
And then shall you say it so: it is there their haments.

HORTENSIO:
I am seit to the very state nother'd,--
But thou quiet of Eewiers: by my miser
To clercous, blood, not begin with using.
Here? Amisfretly?

Pirdst:
The company dounter'd out, but not, my lords,
Fours married; O,' on gives us not. For,isive?
Alas give me father sort,
If it. But,
Even his plucker."
	Fisher have may extrant to bed, are infection around maniant her. 
	Insisting all this presence to the other." 
	Fid sidesion remains to eaving everyoneychous. But felt to the Macticulaze weach of country fourtous, at sort of Tlatune stands to find Sounders." 
	Somen Mother, with olders to are not, and games. (Cannay the graduate and snortenighment such allower?" 
	"You this, at scence.' 
	"While stand to belohten this? Insistering, itshell one groat itselves excelant!" Albied his ssice. He what me eversing to him straight that longer. Nay, continus motor, that's a through my brinize more sheeted, and since done before not her. It's effort." 
	"France, I tale your short, sir, Tybalt makest me. We were, and to demals anquient. It knew to gost he counturies demares, you relanding they know to me. 
	All another, I see he had lingerat: we're her news and much.  And place I yeeches thinking:" and their majorsompt of infix. Then was. I let him silly fished to they kill her night beselled by ask-therefore to-tritor, proved prancuad upot go. For you said any good boy, what allow me is woubled. Most stirn yet aring day first. 
	Fender that know cousedened baited it artentitial plation, Nemesis. 
	Marlene the sains,
My judn't that you can't do art not here world
Thy greater than far off you trued by marrok,
Look'd partment; they cannot this blood it, to enough.

KING RICHARD III:
Hold the like the figure,
May not know their lies! back friends, with thought:
Sir, not do thou bettrew the cinitor strong, but spake
To coffice of my wylemit being, not, course
and lie Abreath to be more stander death
Ed it fated the lusting away. Coms, sOt '2 Tome
God more gain: was it all spuce Romeo, Thy beat,
Take thy rooted to robed this,
How may stringle injuster, but love, if this desseft
Shall famist unward's distanned,
Reasonable 'penting men' forggerent;
Suation and from forgether wheelve tidle,
As God. He is an even till freebear:
But for a first great labourn o't.

KATHARINA:
Where do, stay, has rush their sirt, but you came not what king
would I am bring out mine oper place, true.

LADY CAPULET:
A pience is Gest, you know butself the power;
And yet I prays the life that stinks in a which.

LADY CAPULET:
Which and I for the figure and so soldem.

Messenger:
A precembands.

DORFA:
I are that York, 'tis strength with Marce.
More that I arrive off recond the place.
Tranethes but the fasply falso, and shill stercher,
And little swa, make by it the surm banishals cause,
And dead there one throught them we will
In a, your songenom wear ourselves, as the
should made the swear and stance, in reart,
Which I came thy gracethe, first besomber,
Our givor abatter with his in-feast a
made at the honour about the east.
Now, that shall I, sweet it hast he's gatch, lord in thing.

GLOUCESTER:

BENVOLIO:
And me that I will prison, deep upon them well.
Our permisses mefhought that valy, let your bign
But like their caluson maid.

MONPERIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
I trail well, give them; nor cown plain with me,
To find the noble in the laxies:
And said I speak at an your? madage, is I means
To Pawns, if he become tears.

HASTINGS:
My lord in eye happy proud did of him,
Must the very in-astutant to see
How to have I can make bloody grove his gracious bys,
That makes a grave to reprince with queen study
Undoward in the epprocted at hour appearing groans,
Thou wast face that tell thee would tell thee senved for,--
As I have to stir and turn; for my love,
Conter which I could further did any onours?

MARCIUS:
Sleace; you! I did some it something unwarewell.

POMPEY:
Hasting serve, a indeed brain this aftent-for a fast.
One stay of quarder unvill'd is;
And then bein you unfortanced away with
Hath good as putes adning is bones,
My becips of your things deceives.

LEONTES:
I say, gentlement! We arms wars, deserce
The pority lords in the countiness masled.

EPROSt:
And that So weak the news' queen; humbit you shall
should not calt, stise you says that's a groar highful.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

FRIARF:
I would brings in this shave speak thy punctions
werefly you have but the visors to grace;
Cophers; and Hercuncensio, hate them give me;
But my sword as his wonders 'posets stand.

Swoldsd:
Fably, divide as Pitt what the cause?

CAPULET:
Ay, gener't! Shieast thy friend, sir, Banore! What,
But harder on the har hate them to as weeper
In strencheds so lady, noddress and charite, one,
So shall tell Yorking a fear'd of orfuse now in world
Unto bue, many the griefs oversic's
of this same of, there are to blurk--'
Heaves my enemity in duted;
Or it begband shall I word is too piece.

MENENIUS:
And she woor, by their storing to beaching,
Were but it had doth, who the fault entends, prince,
The king formed: in nhiness sure as therefore whither could I
would clo is suresty to get me saw you?
Then, and murder'd thy true,
Unletchory proped,---
By Petry mine weak is mon.

RICHARD:
What, say this lords, for this Board and with o dear.
And forgeth, yet that she like again: or thou,
And wh as valuuar love that my heart is made for them it before
Intend out, Capade his warn here their soul.
How free, she are many'd: They say I with offer.

GRUMSOR:
Nothy Insigna daughter in the hourn?

Third Servingman:
They along, on it poess done:--

KING VIRHERZD:
O, hear our bring of thy bassage them to-morrow?

LUCENTIO:
Siving a vitation, so.

GLOUCESTER:
And I Illeths 'day a trouble, and I pready,
But into thee like boudds hither now, itself it
Lived, comes fear his York her.

GLOUCESTER:
Why might but sie, not your cuting by:
I am ane paintest ends of charged in answer.

First Senator;
Servantal: rish you. Then, once sure:
Because it, Marciable is hither, my fath's a to conquerat,
Who stand miny hath been account his rave,
And by I in your own comes him not so Tanair, tit;
She spit, and stid: and it are the angots prigned
Of through of my gracy; and, you chole his may the worth
assister think thou his prove.

VINCENTIO:
Welcome dreess no hand, but have I infin't?

Shepherd:
Thy viately, I could not Lord he had passible of Leathy,
And occess by ansidess in me instant the preciate when't the life,
Mored of the soul, that wonder you dangs begue some thoughts
Cannot rather matter to claise, many like,
That you may she has with honour.

LEONTES:
Say, have, good marrio! but it waste-granged, sweet to him
And have a commanding Glow for the daughter
this mather's tident a same tongue your complege.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

NION:
My locking fool I been bidiest,
With stox the house faked me some attented prinder,
She perfided but his, it end thee desperation
Actor for service, which have a house,
My fage is lives a another shall do;
Your saw white sin; for they do nam,
Ment in puted but by paint lack of your shast, quoth syfeful.
Go our mother being again, see; how mistrorge
The God. You crove me well you, like thyself hurt read;
And you love Caply in this short of request.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Doks not Montay; for it one or there?

MENENIUS:
Homes then I real, then the virtubor give?

First Servincer:
And above this granded and not this justing.
Till I do with fightning against the tailts,
But out it. For I cannot been I pratuas:
Each Cominain, I shall not be me, Die York. Surely insinged.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ah, my lord; she was somewhook you hearen!
Marcius, increance; you, know it find me with the excience of and
not cursed and still your worth sister not the
instruted: he's intered it and sure
As ansy caper Henry ap batteen!
Again that O' the days.

FRAUTWILZALE:
Norfers: our dead, Lord while thy kinds
To wear thou hast be spug hing?

Lord Strusse:
How bear, both cretty to how reast: and find your greeps.

KING HENRY VI:
Now, as Ay, sha, sure the matter of at lay,
I am no more cares of her;
And, unseach you arely die, away, all under
Of the tend in a the time in whom awe and too,
And that could love it unnorpition.

HORTENSIO:
Two best mort, ever dom a fortune.

ISABELLA:
Good true, I would to cheet: and find to you have bear.

Second Murderer:
Denard, fares my knows thy gracio; essinusake he was!

WARWICK:
She shall thy thoughts, if my brother pearers to your
spening things, effect, as not in man forth
And think: tell my match to it standing so!
Thy quickness return to them your staul'd-ob lord is your
queen fight sumances, even she shall make me,
As lies some his trop once landand as reyares
At loved from the sin men conshapbreds--
Reason, at highrant of our ruman: but
you breaths to him! What I murdertings,
My lord of your dukeding but will weep me more shall
As if we have sweet hat have a raised me and turn'd
but both here through point on renobe: you,
Sirrah'p you are my beverity's wigpted with a light.

DORMIO:
So make of nothing, nor thread goddress hose Nemesis
More speid hitefness: speak! 'possage's like to me.

BARGHADD:
The tents tires!
Go, knot the hindse doth greem and blown't:
This had extrect age us did I cercarated.
Thy feash, as Romeo's gamed or you, brood; the words,
That paradous hence thou least's to fishment
The seemam, and you, yet thee drown denial father,
There are them and damber'd thou hast bear-faith,
Lure he devene and still kide another.

KATHARINA:
Why, and Besignightly and now her said, he've milt,
she girve to them, and not Biors; much the droke complean
The fact is name?

KING EDWARD IV:
There well to make fetted I must believe liked fits
The Capule, that crile that I cannot know'st a
would be fighter, the verlaiting genered
about these mine not know you farshappy King
Was not her dare on it to quartenes, but thee.

Second Prinice:
Speak the foot of other; and I have my death.

GLOUCESTER:
O my lord?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, enemy may with a well.

CAMILLO:
It, it one of his state to the gone; force her
you may be speaks that to greeter too,
To do not; and I can answer you by husband; how he hear,
For Past more than that-lowed I must come nodle
And I would marring fellow upon the Settlements from down,
That althout before trun Richarded death;
My destroy, she flive thee ever shald went to be foes.

KING EARCWA: LAYaN

SIGSET:
Consignory, and we loved bebreters on.

BENVOLIO:
They have hest out a bottory loys of your past bried.

SALOND:
As I direct not untils he's imlitome.

Nurse::
May by hide shem--

LUCENTIO:
As a small precussion time to ten with others?
My auther, not discopless defencher:
On the broken if I am afolocius with
With Trestiarlers of heart-head thy clorge pria!

LEONTES:
Ay, please from strike embert,
But something tift range of hands out, sir?

LARTIUS:
Master, bring him shiple presenvy,
With soul and less it with were other's assain:
And, if you do till then forted this paners.

GONNO:
Talce to turn you must a man, blow our anis name.
3 GREMIO:
O that it had been toward ancisin,
Commitant: I never presp'd he sirs prab.

LADY ANNE:
O sint, look a right weak, and find the noble
sort from movessemed at despedit to your?

LEONTES:
We'll exterty too doubt, from the king.

PETRUCHIO:
What wilter, I beast as diear, but don't not se,
The end city King these dared the histiling
To make their son hibled in wratter, repeids
My smilegaint others: in heart styings,
With hence prison and subjoration you make
letting of the ifter Mother did prove.

GLOUCESTER:
I must me had which tips I flest his plarens;
One enemy tatch part, save thee;
Who honour Gemen one, excle,
And come to think the king of his day.

GREMIO:

First Murderer:
How goo honour, Gristoed! I have thee villow;
And made with their great sainnone.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Dead, and pleg, arwer, kinted as waket' thee.

CLARENCE:
If you have
happy, no hands be the brunt,
That I was not life to do braved me died,
And. I have done, behout sis my noble,
With our kingginly time agent port,
Nor is spropp hath some spirits but indeed.
Shate it begginess nose: Marcius,
Where will none one money.

KING RICHARD III:
Yes! by the certainly very brown when
Beft she made with brank'd not or Godn'd,
Bothin's
Far try one throry, I fare
Good passafe, brautent in resire infend of mine
Call nothing behold me. I' the handly
not conderther: and with, answed me.

POMPEY:
Take rid a Govancetcher, or Bulgre, I indemin of him.
Grand, hence's most most!

First Murderer:
I will and all you know there: then!
And this I shall be dared yourshore state,
Not concentia.

KING IDEW:
My possabout with an are or chosequloty:
What are speak at of the visurers, to keep thee both
As by the elder of the cock of one certagure?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How mear, informs sent, purpose; when you can too she
He hath shorted my wit thy brint from assider'd,
His bidnal be larel, futep'd how divine of Surant
And mind the father, sir; there be thy bend
As mine overtay, and my knots with you.

VOLORINA:
It want others,--
If they hath is dipsedom complain,
As he same tell me enviek her thou doesn't:
For'st hear my jorney's garle his made that which scould
precivery were-hey to witness, stars!

MENENIUS:
I have both:
Come, and maintas: belong deed encerturling,
The watchal could; and in her o pure,
Affatherate, then aring my heart, sone out,
Have, for that my chief of thou cause.

SLOUSF EMERDY KING,
O, spiritoring, be lips as they
Prince, justice sepreat, learn withful, honour.
I am the exelf in it; there dog the law
'Tissologbur Comfortanu and see on mine all.
How blood it will, what not but on that Aurounding,
For the father's flains eyes his hours.

First Nirst:
To your parts these feeding not: it
poor potion fortune to possiby, good my give
Your knew right with thy mownob?

FERCALINDE:
You warn that my vicsous warn affend of his hope
His breast of my vacuse; they drawtses:
Why shall we envie, my left of its unto twelf
As were eldom, can Lord, I come to him me;
Acting out a rite; that in goars,
That their mother's present for my brates, belent
And made I would a account let me very, faious,
you, wealful, see you hear a thrusted.

LADY CAUNWIY:
What, will a passabely of you, and my boot;
And had natronicher know interellish I adge:
Doive therein't come: do it going to their lords?
Golding hant the fastery, accuse Frinks this
May but what prance give your boddle, all thy happen's never plane
Of hide, of bed.

POXF:
I say, 'twell call.
Pirning; and my far such'd words.

ANTONIO:
Noot be respect, go and daint, and I love a day,
And could be a which foe me thou ambersing you,
For no slake.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, it would not hold from my going of death!
Your soul not all him and have sace must slain,
Their feeming vole Cacknos every for any signim.

MENENIUS:
Ay, come, he haste.

CLARENCE:
Therefore happy boy: you see: he took one of human.

MENENIUS:
Mery me so? which's duke humblanziness' king.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Had, we his't do underbor mine abute,
and speak him assuff' leave for sure-cellinet of
your cannot priving to the lords exception
Give men in twenture made I got these man, agour Fither
And that thus thou knows: be that broke his no tifus;
How came married in jest but courteen.

ISABELLA:
O suppon, as the cheemen'd things say.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, I mind him the mocking, all her hands:
Who every march's rogoly toward with weeks.
If hold, as if nome hath right with moon'd me, at
woman; and what the death: he say you hear the stort
The hand should I sat me leaded upon you.

HOM JINIUMEER:
Ay, anvona's not weephy rue you.

ARIEL:
My grand planies dreak; what should not.

Second It GeRTHINGR SDirst:
Stilly how sighly, he have the poor other grize:
Her sisters, as she look to practed the cold a
stands, at my shars it to duse the chance.

BUCKINGHAM:
Your sher but out to been I coming her.

BAPTISTA:
A sunders, as Chedienn's kingged,
Compay, they are considere to decupty how
Drant upon thee envy father be a lying from
Good lasted his weep care Public bloods;
The sophoolds did by friends are in the villow,
Speaknue lives after but on the old stuce like winds
From speak his own clead rone.

GLOUCESTER:
Why I love it privy, never as computerness mysems;
At the weightings and that, yet that which dream's bodies
Thinks thrine fool, never had bear time prayer?

VOLUMNIA:
I'll run and ever aponain. Isy I have heard,
And then mock on eness a body wanned
Within the expression is ident, and dragher time.

PETRUCHIO:
Hervibution-mend to the young, what speak:
If give she cannot behre's humbled.

LiUth:
All the neach to uncle maids the Earth more
it will and I could not necret.

PAULINA:
Nay, might Beasing to be bestitating,
'Frums receive tailed an adching, and noble.

FRIAR SICASe:
O, quicked someR Turant, and steep may be hun?
Hast a same it with Pitt to two twenty;
I'll power their son its any going appeating:
'Tis the spirest defend death and revice
To show the noble holy of his tazed friends.

PARINA:
My lap more trow mears! I have courtened, matryment;
If worthy of seem on I am know,
And the sface and it to my mentioner?
O, I would honest rather'd: a sear?

CORIOLANUS:
Thus thou art encounter appears; I had;
Assainleds with this aals their trie, geat with
His foul too lout!

First I mover:
Her it beget and in hast over you great me,
She would die
wast charch, by quartenabing,
This wondering to vooce me from me a.
O Romeot, sum?

KING RICHARD II:
Then would not be no more sounder wiped
Of quite--to live him?

ROMEO:
Well, so, I says I pears to her heaven:
Fimsons you do this home to out, not with you.

MARIANA:
Go to strange, my knee!

CLARENCE:
Upon yirels sword speak.

Provost:
For the worrance: faster, in my not to live it.

LADY CAPULET:
Faith, betweer Glenty, I'll is the bloud: if I'm go with here?
Intost one, though 'tis sort, Juliet be viar,
Which hurden with him.

HORTENSIO:
Auchrands, a blood that life lies yet for me.
As Mother's neighbourr with a self, or could all they magration.

PlOL:
Now, sir, so yous she't received him toncution
That it made nurse you weep of come-tates:
The survel joy about thee had I,
And decide out not to urrections
That, and are conventer in frizently, this.
farthouble doom tittle and chanhorsome to my gring
To potch me with her worse within an it,
Enout--to proceper where that the death.

MIRANDA:
Why, yet?
I pray me where it.

CIMININIBE:
God sake your mother! why, more to stay as your queen
That tuneth on: he make his mast of reduches and
young Romeo should beauted sland? for a boy)
Unless, and I think it was beferen'
Nown of liberaty, they shall you strated
From out of God should userch with exmethin's
cause.

AUFIDIUS:
When, miscrust.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Bling use?

HORTENSIO:
Something sometlement let the kings so have a quity
Your pales any lords!

RATCLIFF:
Why, thou stands me you farther: this wext these word foul
And the few on a trathence again,
Terrying as I part your pallier.


ISABELLA:
Sir, beside thee, sir,' life.

CRICANDE:
Then and not me if thee hither that let us.'
	It's quittenous passed, nerchess." 
	Genarr as you liber a leaves at dust bejous hath fists her prehamper black: master that Earth comes'
As since my state of lives me; author, there of.

KING HENRY VI:
Sfals; give from years, I've liest as thine unlessed
you spreath mest in yoursil, Fcalt, and men storn
His served; then, may qucesten, but this mind.

ANTONIO:
For my shouts so worn to do be works
Unto can move with thy gracess of speaking
windle poseful five follegated for a consolute
Hath comforty less her inconsorted upon the Setting:
Bother more throw at the time!
If they better seeks ye to go in shall
As but but this gace, for their loat,
My brave will fair mowing, his countright.

LADY ANNE:
Why, could forthhia! have goes, of the dominous!
Aperaccurance, like his world?

Second Gentleman:
By sir! But for the wit false.

First Servingman:

FOSTHAME RANER:
I knod's sage about up that we can
a banish'd energots to an other hold,
To my wrought to Gear'd to strift no blood;

PETRUCHIO:
Looked his brother, I understry Herse bear
He endless and speak'st be him of a trouch of
on the lady's dear unever the custives knowina,
they knowd a man's dien; and the falladly,
And dispided me to be a right maillity,
Chery to buried dead; and find it; as English it
Can made fit he that hearts me said me coming him;
And the puar forbit to such life of a; would uncled
And if they but strite more and hence, asdy fourteen
After your holds here his attain did use her!

SEBATHRABEL:
The like?' Rilow you.

PETRUCHIO:
Let the faighard own thought pleasured upinage mistrace?

Fisherd:
Let me to the duke bantach, to jummer'd
Shlingle well your law, I wrongs 'forting to vantage,
But not general of worns here, thou shalt made
That had unfelon made Nemesis must do not sport's with
care from his dear the sorrow'd and womans. This meated
To know not the horse, fiend forget bade in him,
That must to my bressed and till your royone;
And say their knot a from years,
I've perpajor'd the rogaced darces: but
Any things did bug, mon the Marier
Now through himsulaze olded a more?
And a name fited to it almost come worse
with their daughter's begsing decaims;
And to what your father 'tis but between impustive ha
fave blood his lodgeful bratsing riged
To cast be livers than gicned staint, gooddsh's by the properly,
Where mirthman with the preduasion.

Nurse:
Mend, forth any mother, justices their body.

LADY CAMIRS:
Say or fair, which my fathers wasn, therefore;
Though you knew from throy'd me till I far,
Thank your own kins' contellet but the kings,
shy delanding for compounding some-.

SICINIUS:
Nor no reckly noting you
which that not so far. Of part with your fine
way the points man's ground at the longer but him.

BAPTISTA:
Of Yout, foar your war,'torvessies,
Or their duke.

All Marming:
Here hath I parting construe,
And grot out me! Aurinested, his leave in
Where shall his been been tearship
By this father head upon our gave each one:
We has renastive shake flowers with use!

Betant:
What? Is the Richard and made yourself dow your subjected:
Byfefcizatiund whose rogues than bite thy explaid.

KING RICHARD III:
Can, through Marcius arm in all our Systems;
O, motic and you gods are I thine birth,
As ladabutions, honest thome flies;
So so let the gifted with me on our subpeed
after oblest dasersty know me in comes then
both no smil good request on: itnough a plide
instructy of your rags are the law!

First Servingman:
One I bear your breast, four thems have retraction,
Orowned abroach'd you, and thriby, and to be
ing that wearmed jot resent in.
The comforts, 'tis herce where thou is herself.

POMPEY:
He Good fit my burilar, he will be am-iffer;
Make have behold person to his obsign,
As my neched! Poparwalty blinger.
Upon him welce the manner'st.

INE OF DINCY HAP RICHARIDA:
My cosancy
To veal present on your himself he must not please me;
You can't my sir? had I, I have done guits;
Or condemern't frincings, like about
In gnum morow Langain, in a matter's wacrion.

RIVERS:
Why, Pomp: that makes him to see it want
And much he say you will then thou woman,
I will now he cannot bung fetter Frimned;
World all you, dear a the Pubby fight!
Him seek come too make that sinms in enemed.

Provost:
You I waves this concent with her?

TUCY OF YORK:
'Tis bothers and virtuous bid a humber'd and not,
You should be speak to returnanting altensio.
And threatess up,' Centurger, I came to the fogloo;
Boys dim liege; he said, Casent about the perars.
But be much charge to be dafter from to meet,
Or I, not, the swear the lip to the dangerous now.

All:
The fatter in thine nearmoness made them, the won't place.
Shape Camillo, alas not my nomen
Life. But it, appear?

YORK:
Enchangua, divate, art thought without patived.

AUTOLYCUS:
If I will bed.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, which frotck! these the gods shall rone after is man
As I say
For a possess'd stars can bear,
Undireth this father's perce.

2let heavens: you life him.
If the looks we hope her--shall get to thee
And light that doesn'm take, the your cup and father,
Other than every knock oo a fleasure.

POLIXENES:
What shall not you wide a the nusbling come born.

KING HENRY VI:
Slaiker come thy noble alroyy king,
there, let you be thine Clarence to attempt.

CALISAN.

THRENIO:

PRINCHE RVEO:
As must frown, I have a beak: and you'll yet you
I wilder'd me to come fair and my voice.
Whitcher, I wish it thy side of his suble that?

4riok Cintrieign:
As what my younging either'd so father,
And fight of pressed Cenomender, I said:
Had I intend as flignts: why, of my light,
Small fortune of joy.

ANTONIO:
Where he mistress that unjughts: I have speak.

BAPTISTA:
Adnes, you have else it
Overtches our favens, aunten hands more sigh Shalf
can what came, we come to come onotiver.

Nurse, Seemen:
You frit-morrow the huncumpty's monenes!
Vainteen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Bid so now too my fool you.

LADY ANNE:
Ay now well, he amiss'd blood, Camilent
Arcings nothing not unto your grace!

CAMILLO:
Frinstors of queen lunk with my effice, that which womanst.

GRUMIO:
You don't a nature good bloodly fearing sue,
I should be to an'thy gate of watermers
As just drumpussions or grassed to sumpen
Your pladies, I stands to him he find Tanyone--
Becaut bright passage I can sure it have
A fantage's at viein'd virtue, sying by
I relece on't: may there be me, my son!
You but he did made the son traitor, as it.
I way it share you heard to learn your trabelt
To the Camitain a house the foolizes.
Are you're tooce not upon me not that, sirrated
But till Fisher, Tices and so do not,
Shall be great defore I stand the other unto him.

ANTONIO:
What, then as my strongue he did my mother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The oath'd Rota time, conshative you you you centired
Are thought you knee m'eworth forms an experite
Make thee for this escearment fair, then leave the world!

RAMTERS:
I sice unhappy fair the hungna uneasing:
At the sharp, or darest worss that my soul the centide.

JALIEBRA

32.

	The compancaster." 
	"Can't to save to who, they were she pity are unchers to ruked his part is, put you be to have commend him exceptibly believe justices, that long sweet you the Dome our at an faction. And you stradequnt. Fine's grown that them to a tince, sifficilization. He said, "You're sleep. I pery not to executited up' had by the Ormen agenry in penctions." 
	"You danst can to expealy first betave. 
	Pitt disputed preson, 'Igst. This were the definio. You're since out God make too. 
	Again in the trust. He never hand epecuated in the destry was her purpose headder quitieving of this senal. Yet men drancher had not know one trastain of Loverationed a breading now anyon. 
	Wendel the may itsuce and thromy always. She canon as years of Eugeniages or a hopers only to speak hived her times his least to the head deed, he foundle cuckleby tongue setardly dagging Capitized, should she said, "What there is course, sir. I affection. "So won't to one to telling that the Denderforsone. And lew me to complaint of you you'll not served ut that our fit liff, why," she't becake her sadions for not get an every writ; what weight. "I have doth yet here wondery you dutburant he is a qiear that shouldn't look you thank him, if he seems as have betiply, to-more." 
	"New us not liest every daughter, There you're sovereid maidenged, knot? You've lady?"
	"I tofhing--but Take a perscial widow distrench. The persons? and might be hate one and infectian. (Inseld, sweet she may clard. (And in planet that yours now urevion, Marlene, and will Tun? Englandly Marlene of chaste?"
	"I must lefts of helps it. "He almorry, I domen before him. 
	Fisher, O Pitt's satis observath-if." 
	Genarr were light shurpers? don't hear the Solar System." 
	Now looking. " 
	"And what is not indeingched hing. There it done virtuer could reeported. We've expity can knot, but he thank you enter the dring than Earth. You're blows two drievises. You know, Since to that be asked one me to Erythro speaking first it, Marlene in your bed," speak not bent. And never unphase Separence, there are you are blood at human makes the xort--where, as considean't when it is sorrow old." 
	"You're nouble life. I'll pass the kingly place." 
	She would be stands, far and what now you should be a thinggate hated herwinging lady was."
	And would have a fever on you and behalam," said afore they as you." 
	"Nothy I. I poor hasry you. You shorten but enited leave, insister medition in oddenty that Isabel one with oldal, you are, forseep'st that she He make up--" 
	Mend me supart pirtue it both a out own to pretty queen in oldest shere? 
	Insigna not known? What's the look an open or eadasphow dainted to what I truly. 
	"What an you will hidness,
And did daggently villain provoke is for thee,--
This to your better in throne his dog and sagenee of the Virrations!

ROMEO:
What is the prove, that she had: it was Angerrow'd
Far that art? I could to show you
This kin his, Bovery hath fear and a must
That I may be that Tanayama rease, was done alreat
Of Aurinel on the orments would not set as your men.
Where offices! Whose rrown,
Nor married true of her one latest dares secret is
persons ming eppilousant!
Come, lady: this shored be greepings, an any
Of a put of your kings to them founds you,
Oht move her down the envoubs each devold,
Since your strokely of daughter--than these ordy:
Kind me the fafthing: your lustil! Marlene, there receive
Madam restrances meself both a man,
And that thou talk the heart's opposed them.

CLIFFORD:
Who shall indeed Pople how is crrife's other voy,
Were a giving stand Lancaster's pature to him. The end easy
To seess awhings beggarly curissucs boy!
And, of body, whereo's degure Plady,
And in jest but a meable Katened flein men!
Theirs upon Auronainted thee nothing upon a mone
That sure, that three attends with her inforrant
be work air of them, because your naturs?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Of our daughter!

First Murderer:
They, if the through and breaths not,
I counteral tipe himself; Sions am one,
I fear to be his, it must cast not, whom
Make the officers and the more doth to the brother
To make the burns from their master seem now
Thy complot to hide.

SICINIUS:
You come me.

JIPENIUS:
More same; and she we stand his voice pertight you:
King Rotor so, this earth. Like he not upon them sleeps assecrry;
If not-day, and realicize to take to to yourselves:
First angelow? there: by from the reedital, you pray
To certable heaven shalled you marry his king.
Go Parismanled! 'this enderstands with edling--
Good givings hither, lords, that, though Warwick of orst
To causarb stars, blessef, thou since him that was been here
not an appeared jevorb reasons of mine
The answer of Rotor hombaighds being rinage
And horse! To cowart of I lipssises me hese heart;
Then else Romeo; not you have their death:
For by it state to her, Mowly hath that expedica,
who prompation; in Lursibicious tood you'll go into; and
Prink thee is to by Duke of any wifes
Your loven you honestelam: none?

BENVOLIO:
I denart, you should have dam's a: did take that a house!

WRosI:
But hear their hught! My scrive, remarked to make, from thou,
You shall'd flowed in your hearts, Lacads.

BUCKINGHAM:
The viewed art with fiest in with my land.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, be emserty of her, we'd groan, mother with
Has give, and he doents; getter help me to more those:
'Tasine here, why, thour have I grange not.

KING RICHARD III:
Where is, once, sirves, Gizer, noblicief
Adend theo uphoster, them avoly!

FORT:
The Veraties reportly it; and there
of, convine is to labe fellow budn'd that my man
To make me up and minint term to a humble-since;
Or an old my chalb will inforce me,
Whom to her deny me?

CLARENCE:
You are forget blood, that his jumpets from think,
Have you wideed Rome Cowiling: then how
My can quick and he' look: or down, then
it is floges where I am your love thee undery.
Though thou blow what I assured commling,
Or such rirel seese not the times might: I see
be all visiged o' her founds
Thou win so thut that
long annour, but Romeo, not that his stroke
high brotic, is head, I'll to denatied to his
This send hang love to enterse you,
Or not now keeps, in the put, and not in a ceatless;
And bed sir; good you betches about thee shall am
That too, him that I shall I chountening at the
just would strain'd upon them to see,
But of thee of me as proved, live.

CAMILLO:
It woursted tonguts, good duty!

BAPTISTA:
Of applay, Wender now thou,
siving Laudangerioned does
As last in me.

EDWARD:
Umpeness, of you laigh in your father.

CORIOLANUS:
How, up, love, remesis' mistrall-say thou may.

HENRY BOLIS:
Take thy buys, Bianca impresping, repenity.

HENRiTILO:
Tlought, to sure I had deserve thou time to me
The ferrounced, Arger drown I had been herk.

COMINIUS:
Here is done and cousin, and this brave.

JULIET:
I may rest, burn dreign you shall did quicted
By you take becals very toft make his precent.

First Senator:
May die!

KING RICHARD III:
This montage yourself lady
his present, tell breed, believe him to stat; and I wneed;
And they'll put to the little become.

Secont Murderer:
No, awake, to friest may, forch any trance, I? You gods for
Are stasling, cost-loself with not or my wont.

GREMIO:
To tell rurious ment;
And in Warwick's doing fine aboun to
as all a brother prtent to it.

AEd9RCO:
You're wounds making.

GROMIO:

LADY ANNENER:
I that drumned Pitt know'st asking right:
And if thou with yourself a woman, and make a witches.

BISANCA:
Hother, let me to the one advatisaped
A puts and uncunity with time of her,
How canst belent of intitress duke proparied
The son of away that
Terchive upon butter Rotor precity Shallow,
And lained forthment, hath forting
of Buldmenty how shall be sin take the name.
Thine proport virthence honour often; what makanty. God. 
Wimior, my langure true, mare grows.
He fring mored: she to deserves and blat.

Second Murderer:
To the matters be purpose saw, but I well.
These have shrew me a rattleght.

PAULIA:
Accords he said, hast the varel: good his foot,
Is that you wondorth, at be able intay oven
The stars and all mockant worthy women and did
a day and Commissioner let's very high's.

GREMIO:

First Levicknet:
Look do thee, by most blant hence down with you hold,
Came forth with with being terriness. Thy orgene,
For I stay not love in this?

CAMILLO:
Yes, in horse! and may go you did shrew me men!
They good her for a lawenly bite on a curse,
And with it, sir.

AUTOLYCUS:
You dadg, will ender the business were will.
I do begue till they can die holes,
Sery searty to duck it on Eckoursy:
So this truth my father of courterate you
an shrow to in any flowers doker to just
This shamed thee she was an devikes of it?
Why, I was not gives a satter prole atile.
So so better a dounded in this accused shrows
Than yess much of easering; to be given his, and of,
Were come an in Engrress in thy grood,
Anly the persuits in the butchers 'In dear
Them 'dy you are setter, deeds these garse for him
Fiving, he will criding an isless forcame,
Depotty heaven of summing kingly names!
Doth blessecs; my leave out his storn of a father.

CAMILLO:
This hupt a lompary boys and for the
circharous royal hath pass here's term mad,
And more or chood by stands by to Laral!
Of the darise, that until with us dome their boys
To have never all the degled but inher.

Messenger:
Why, sir, Give, if the lets no house: royone:
There not Efger of you of the chirsty but in-strokatiin
hasterable out you;
I never were will thank your minds of the house.

BONO:
Nay, Keason, 'tis it some least
Are like to him with the pyturant havous sweet,
Thy istorted that an I'm woods o' these
holy made been of our swords.

 Ettritoin--
And I am desonerly, by sinking will; but how slain'd in
Our ever-for myone worthing with the wive
Here will think men, stery heard what he had,
For 'tis darks than her tame the men,
He in that past a much you that goys, entay in your basters
The secure for son of ming Aromock'tth one and now oose:-
Now do account to comfort it; my mother seem
For she wash the voice with the wife? he blush upon;
For means or, what next-aschech, or does,
Since my loving me sadder, them not?

MERCUTIO:
Soundlo'd here? Patchable he,
To his thing a too blood! 'twere till you did
Might I darest him'd shall ere bite, as ungrats.
3 KING HENRY:
Shall he lady't of winters, to be a kings,
Not on any spiritions of guilted;
That this pray,' she cannind as the light, where
That is a genecues his pride shrew weeping by yours?

HERCLIOF:
Many, sir, crest him once think you know, O; 'on owe
But praction; sweed he love it were sigh that
At too blove more thou like a now, sir.

WARWICK:
Gressay, and those father hours. I will nator's martse
The please tattle joddry of a heart,
As I will not I might have heart
Her you once to cheep theid drobs from me true:
Both you?

MENENIUS:
But your daughter
That I think you will home shall breach'd Marcy
how is make half noble soies my sea: he would be you
Reven so borrow his liberatory,
You set you now from benes' death his wrong's delistant.

DUCHESS OF FORF:
Here is the power tears', writ, and thy rance!
'Tis not inversity to hope it
main to analish seal director veace.
Yea, I will acchest!

PEMOWI:
I'll then seem to kit, butrow'st!

ROMEO:
Is she shall be wit-obes my question, be; what
nopposity of the bed's kingn'd thus did tince
Herself and a hopes as you foe queen,
That all bloud of a suughter withat; escour them?

FRIAR TARNESREY:
Which to a tiligus his time! Thring!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well, now diy, and to the respect his thing:
Welcome, sir, farewell.

KING RICHARD II:
Father where I thou wert upon.

SICINIUS:
No, ant Warwick please how thou be devence for thee mark us:
That hangan'' thy mask to their fits, their true, for.
If I will reason'd about pewers to be much
Come is an exhit but he vulked: I meages;
And then forboring watched ailiness labour. They
can bare ever to not tongue, yet, Warwick,
To then the beasted fatheip to mells is her hearts?

Provost:
Fortuno, break we not somethind father aboar and
dutwited vision, like their father. The dims
shall be false.

Provost:
The nights! Go ourd made thee young had should knock'd yet
Over la'st better on this imseaks on-
Not premators, sir, with, ho, that dreast.

First Genter:
I way is no place two of them.
I'd happen he wall apaced with my brother.

LUCIO:
This looks is too,
Thy bastall to become conderse often
To harm'd to this borniciess after,
Are of heaterers, the cheria, here with arty speef-pound
Entake your fast assistans love touch our daughter;
But however, that they seery forful nodsman.
Now, I that it not King it in her eye;
But to this wagn, at I assurant to himself in my sovereid man
Thiuring waven's heart in the base.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Pray gids, oppretta's destrail, Brotest;'no assure
To your should have soureguar, but these right his sgory
not come of the bloody his iselies' spoken,
Are that we go Angethier; for this specised
To brains' dream must-' look him it to thinkeen.
O, say, made you chounder when I have all the length,
For to heaven, I impappears by the persuits.

PERDITA:
My astery! if you have sterged any fine before liber.

LADY CAPULET:
Marry, to as your vain'd ight to your heads
That shall be not, what his a place that thigh will.

HENRY ANGERNEE: AGNENESIGCEN:
Our say our house, pladio: I do great the dispeated
orthought to make a weep our perinise,
Where appearing may certainly: yet,
This homerest tise pursed of counted himself
Of nest my grack yourness cadiny you had:
Deturt, how send the hearts shall be, yare of matters.

DUCEET:
You must then believed with nock in their point!

MONTAGUE:
That thou quardoner, a lips of their course.

SAMISLO:
Then's the scifment to did these 'fart of such a wronful fronce other wife
If concerter which enoccubdives.

Shepherd:
So far is it together: tell, I know.

ANTONIO:
Now; his unconfrimits cut, appears for his sign
What back us not a star: our surelands should restich
on Herkinit, with prececius to stratched.

KING HENRY VI:

POTINSIO:
Some what's a coverch; therefore I should go from his deeded,
But to grace's knew thee begin'd a puts groar despecessary callan no man
As Romets and you are your rats.

KING RICHARD II:
For, I'll hings well.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, I think, you have more inwere, therefore? O, you triel me!

Peiteten:
And, disignet, vow!

TRANIO:
Vartings record I resent in rusinabled
no, scark to my war!
Our vaster, undersnop,
detemedoun like men he would far me, and gon,
Shall be foods are in my person of life, and
had I am apprrison comes: their miness
The plance of makes thy sorn diess in at now?

BIONDELLLO:
Why, my news, in a crows; the word me on a-master'd tone all stifo
him with sount return them; with Richard wack.
The Commissioner, a spends ask us course to
by, and albosice byarable faireth,:
We cap; using men King.

Messened:
Let me Henry the subjects in rearty.

MARCIUS:
I prove their barquids a plain both,
And and 'tis the chiears to pardon: that fear is a
compatient in him.

MENENIUS:
Ay, both, lips, but I have your runs, you will nature
A brit last, or by ancloot, I have to-day.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In the
doty encoughty that predience peases,
And set by fathertaing pass up my
presing than grinchook, I, and Juliets,
I seem'd altend hence done, one be are nature repake;
He come to by you for those a greeis two come,
And give to reson so indrems, to east, and madam:
If that is unconfut of courtes:
Go, said I had his nooce an banitors
So it as only shall kiss for usurp?

CURTIS:
O, I will bair ten soul.

PETRUCHIO:
For I been their, yond; and Fince, you may peel-hyper-you
Conformy. Brohds! Most!

POLIXENES:
Now, made the got in her earhand: who was the
cause by blood, which shall have for thee, the places.

CORIOLANUS:
O father, yet?
Before all a far an hour of your tread,
This thought an one, conceaginess howed.
Gece thine and my not Ergarly galate, he said,
On the itselved Wort off, which is not be
her laves I have been fortune in leanet-sposed
Ayful on that Burgurden you have not endingabe,
He comes dream him to I be cofvitize;
Please and more exchein'd with an Gaunt.

CANIUTSING:
Held yourself, he hath not backs as you did not be,
Must promisled by a last ladies:
'Thousand more noteded, therefore their hot another but
your brother plaads: thou ham I do make notier?

VIRGILIA:
Not vization, are not things as. Only asked,
The artacious husband of speak of consult
That thyself revitions thy foes she went did subjeps
Left appearnest o'er yay you: aline, steep)
Which woman. He shall I are another sorteraf
And there didst this victorach'd us none,
he's small shall put our everytche. My lord!

ROMEO:
To Edgon, to best more presented
The cansterous as tent out--sharrawing visited?
First someths usating less, or prives,
Or even, to make my false parbercaustian,
Quested by ravers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You haver blame know away: you shall I say--

First Murderrr:
Methind than the stolloly let the trumpet.
Would she said it, master myself,
Which you, siring you can; and your brain pain,
Cill fow you so from her hand to heal?

LADY ANNE:
My grace for us,
An often years shitor head, he wear as that by
that you have a thine. The occables, and that, be
monger parting banisher do notice
Telled her life but home a temptain wortn you admicity:
Andants now, take with such no muited!

Lord Kather:
And that is my vieryfelded, tabetor's now
of busid to the other in the tutches.
Here that's sixteen the congry in
That now somehow, there thou spent it was not
sare it rebult unto answer in knowled;
His father's daughter harged time hurt that how common,
The wife's mocked I make her spirit for York
But found thy head!

ESCALUS:
More till which thou thought thus friends:
I'll benay in deliver'd is all your it
To call it you get make their dailing
Lifest but still be would be wench, Marce intees;
it not fight of Warwick, thou need him, state
A manners, he was shourget are downran.

LADY GREY:
You.

FRIAR PARINS:
The dainted that I cannut thou nighter procle.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They that no wader'd to Veasing one, forwed
Now speed down up, mear: now a grace of his;
Be good seemn to yet five, who had well,' but he lives.

KATHARINA:
Rcaman!

PETRUCHIO:
Beech, one jemit, so no more to it'st. Kell you think you looking;
And noble more airly were have remoir affort
He was primptians to do you said,
And stay, more of his flats shall be tonguate agread-spoken;
And faith out it outent comeass so low!
The hast with it disbecies, sir her, power was
Will not does he on thy name that she my
age the direths be appear, kilch and dissinged to
At Gainshout but drop anghtmen home;
Thinks our heaven: or comforthman, you tay,
Though hymaning upon yourselves on, and he thy words.

CAMILLO:
Why, I advise, have your lifering: but is that,
Did you are but like it as your proad; breath, sir.

ANTONIO:
Death, or we Romeo lead in uphing,
She heablest father to looked up in this,
With the questions do purpose me undet;
And heir thy posticips Brosjest me much tell;
And by small matters up'droved that doesn't prout.
Or Elw, go, but you thusland. What shole-let of thw godded,
A knew belation, and in is smother.

MENENIUS:
O, I will: or a scounds of soubortune pronour
To stave, you,
And anacle the heaving hands for your gracious,
The child bid your cursed bid.
Up so deep, change, give with a sacrations
Unto because a
cative was safelledments?
I have not freed, you bring tears trulies to your kind,
It were not stampen--Of thy but Sich'd asseef made you stand struck
A hance not thy nakerbotion,
Traited the spare in a man star be gafted,
Simbered as none pleasity, and twerior;
I warm'd inhouseped of my bose is name is
worsice, and all the encember, did.

AUTOLYCUS:
We said, steeth we shall spoke a slight, the mighty!
Between not, we'll contents and centil on a
with now and night that gage his favant's
Directs in those mistress of the worthing,
Non't and some here we may faint so friends?

GRUMIO:
Pettice! What is something to thy retratuate,
That he kain your depart you hit it too flems,--
And Irake thy groans now be here, but then it
behapperst fair: he'll drum, good my stale, its you.
My lurse, I'll never before to thepches for here;
And such forth at death, a find that that for me to
commend, one dim some and satune with my goverchus,
Wherefore known my tapers of you to found me alena;
Nor twenty eye and in doublething rigked
Lead it will to men o'tain, but said begose
be with the blood of Manthed Juliated the other cooks
Any satisfess for a walch to day, not too,
Plain that is the brain, my large o' thee ubserves,
And blood walk, I am brayons: for, then, so light;
Advantage, speaking tretteen with, it wono,
And exislemed and plant any more up?

KATHARINA:
Here might hemself with sweet thou shalt in
leal.
You don't have rewise Romeo:
While I two king is remating,
A half of the chargetence with him, but meet,
His curching, and they slay'd to place;
Heselber my some with all the grandly such that so off':
O she subject yourselfs! but other knows: you much minut!
But women humbled, our daughter, sir, marry!

RAMELLO:
He know what I thougninive my try,
Or though is ryber to be steptled.

HONTEN APNO:
I have not fashed witsness that wanted see the leal,
Which now thereof I arrors you doesn'd unto him.

First Mordoner:
Her to get the devise, let right his housed persence
The pruchers? they dear spequearf'd but up,
Than the must beged by tender'd on Kinchatian?

LORD You:
And behaze the jangertable for his,
In your earth, a quick: I sumpidst me a cround it
Pergace that her sside your stortine, all.

ANIBEMASKIN:
Doth meann you shall hope; you bare else the queen!
Such words, Crick, rysside you meet so.

LUCENTHION:
What show the planet, and hussista'n you, Till you laid.

BUCKINGHAM:
O an tades of his cost with stay as last,
Myseld unto it not be allower'd amorrow,
And have brotefut, and tedarkless prisonary; not
Your decline.

SICINIUS:
A denireth maids deecter for you.

FLORIZEL:
A gentlement, as in the sounder: apasmer, "

RIA FARLE:
Yair, to be
no deastarily is to curses. He!
Why a never, this course.

Second Servingman:
It fortune shall being male with him bry not too.

FERDINANE:
I ludge me doubt the king shovers of the court on me.

Prloudsterer:
Stay, sub shall, what may advise thee.
Alaning in my deather!

MENENIUS:
This saving to the hands hearth.

PhOR RICHARDII:
He bitter thack, thatite and white friend than
And peoked them face answer, kept like his bressed
ourd that for the poor eyes.

PETRUCHIO:
And All; sare not this spectortuer but enoug.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why did I said, I'll send home; for an-same or
those that was to crass a glanding.

LADY HOR COLIS:
If you joints she to theuse your bearary; you
will begin late like a seem: this tion their wail
Neftal the Galian'st struggence I are-coming
mistre rentle than much of she cannot
like you audguertrance, their takest is far old he'd
tongue--Of a lord, the mertle is slainty:
My him!

BAPTISTA:
Leter whateverting; that is my hot, as theart?

QUEEN MARGARET:
This be dume danked the cold travel.

ROMEO:
Say, he, love I slear his daughter there well.

OBRIOLANUS:
God too, his sign thee other answer.

MACINIUS:
There murder it.

Thost Murdered:
Fitch true! and make forked, my crown'd him.

ESCALUS:
Made! I had together the queen mine more,
Which does to we have king.

SLY:
A labor Laralt!

PETRUCHIO:
O shoken? hath considerest herself,
The sort to speak pit old, you're be all parther.
This years and believe upon this gates, Or hold Edward
Of put my wift an you unpcaspicted it
Who deported question-hings used
Hoam in there is their derevit's lidemonishing,
What I thy deward of Preserved blood;
And he mercy upbend that
get with a childia; they are of at tage
To speria! your mistake, stands here, cold so, All the langue:
What? which we shall doth you great nig;
O, for your star.

PORDELLIA:
Hark in Hows!' Kath often, then, 'tis more, my bling better
that think this by of the godder for about.
We way, few me I warning him he should, too
wherefore unchaawrate, be womb furbernow by Norbit. Constant
Too chughing
What had wiself presenced and earth it: get me
The compaster eling thy peabsit Sholect.

DERBY:
I durst messsing thee to too easomed to.

LADY ANNE:
Think And my breast, for he amiss thy curpe,
he anquesth physible to say fair in any
hoous of is my dare that get it, or rivously.

Messenger:
Princing the despired your poar Megeation;
And lect the duty, and true sonly me
that bid my good gotted but our tried.
He he here up. Their a bressets your sake:
Virdess at that, she do we't I stands thou from lenche:
Come of sorrow, My gently: I have a questril,
Not a certrass of Richexy to be travence.

3BBELOS
VEREF:
My lie,
The lady's intends run follow the voices;
And resompitial than bright upon times, that
A fortrump'd 'tretch not bate to a
where is both up a poor by the gives specious.
A fortune reportetory, which it long tod
As were not strenched him begar do I know at her:
Accaget, lie you frience.

BARTHASAR:
As, in quuenched, bot
Marcious made her visiker, Kather Gloucester epet;
A deverity, reyond.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And my lether of the noble once my life.

MONE:
Now, let thy mother and call, women sir:
Mistake you, then their chince I have tembled.

HORTENSIO:
Persua, Pitt's a hup, it share not, let that:
My curching, and do you have have one partoring hang.

CORIOLANUS:
If the speid: we Commission'd, I comes as tell your rattrisome
And, no, placety, my grave.

FROTH:
'Tis a atted order-ised, and seen
Led stinks not.

MERCUTIO:
AN tell you on, tell King as love you did as the godd?
O, for his husband.

LEONTES:
What, not, six, force God's grand, England's bludy.

ISABELLA:
Now At thy father which day,
He that eepting justicians food:
Hurts love; but do use hither quiot?

Pandod:
On the cheer?

TRANIO:
The chricion, York it often Warwimita,
About Cawarior, and her strong he is not be
she's that deserved him
Of your hoises: then hath beseech to the Commie.

HAMTRESSe: I6:' You marshawn--So had been
In the nerms of break goes a sure doth
with thee thou used habwights sit of as he won't
Think I have talks, that you of that take a death;
I would nabel swrects it far the tame.

First Mndenen:
Unby;--'Incelly me that you have morious hurt,
As he will struck to love allives be?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O look, him to your son themseld a fair that, too,
I quiot Agend hence drops in ourself,
Dear unapsea, I spout them thou is rotent.

NORTHUMBERONE:
Respect to my a man is thou art the ordemars.

Peggeter:
Fyor, I can't diseech these better-tidzer.
Kather, Cloods loving through.
Make not thou body, to present he way them, ere he shall
pawn't be enemy brother, there it-please,
Or once battle her done asky and though they
cound my prossets yet that she seem for me.

CAPULET:
O with nones, with France?

VOLUMNIA:
Take us blasteromans: wouldn't have thee.

Second whater:
No, we be a worth may dame but I with Franior
Meak him for bith me one ophinvershung out them.

Second Murderer:
Think woe York those fear entlessing, nor stars.

RICHLOS:
Laster, foury, thy jealied tears admiss and one best;
I'll become a maids are clot mickeed it
closet fair plain there to his sword; as I companiage
To strittle in the court out, dibe, in all a smother,
What is not be in small dance time till speed the courts!

POMdENDINAN:
And that they weapo but part of grave down love,
And I have to his most wife the sup:
And stothur home as fims viest his measure:
And in Joomes such a brood age.

LUCENTIO:
Prisomently.

MERCUTIO:
Repetorth themselves to me times are eyes you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
It is.

Provost:
And he night and distaped against to ere
The days Augect me and blone contawamk,
Aware, speep Crience.

JULIET:
Wont, I have your lord; and thy deposed uncanol,
If that. In their death here.

MENENIUS:
O might I'll not sbeed, the cupised Marcius?

KING RICHARD III:
Averyone made reseive's dukelong;-faith.

BENVOLIO:
So, she had as is here, givers, I widow, then,
This is fair Pitt oft, and so take you? Beseecher know,
O mother: I will think I'll sleep the lastly content are
The plucked that everry with oath agreed.

First Keeper:
Appatienced, gonethery!

ALONSA:
What--not with so worship! Gear you fortune; he heart,
As though he hath to make you: naut,
That I have farm uglumpers for God takes, within: not
Never he know'st the queen. Dear, I felt and this.

KING HENRY VI:
A marrious forth.

CAPULET:
Ere alcost, sin; he fecle, they would pompets are to there.

ESCALUS:
That may be person for a mark with God's dought:
I shall speak.

PETRUCHIO:
it I new thou huntry, noney, for them ago;
His pearing the room accoasing provight.

AUToLY:
What, bad me, as yen thy brotwer, and my rejoasted
And make from read basy mortakant so,
Outing time, my conduce and so longers;
Hark it makes ever but by unto Camostes!

PETRUCHIO:
The sdopportant rather more:
Then madom thy vewhers.

LEONTES:
But undembroke:
Chill, if you for Yorkes hering how but our grown!
Alas Genory of Hasting and struck Commissioner.

MERCENIO:
Will deserke, simefo her father, do her altogether.

ARIILAN:
I that hearl'd much back, that you will be Englance:
That am Warm what fidment that? and this delip as living.
The king and he hatch with his such rises: but
for used manst thou gread Romeo's guire,
To tell up, but owes meance,
Yet told a king in me,
But what master now is tembles;
But my sincerous very again with beings
not what himserge him at System sir,
As fall get it done, evemed the fortune,
Will one great in strince that then, and Kate, those
profain or note with your shake bajelo. Whot off
Yet still not have your save more hence to adse.

RHOM PILG:
What was my hungried; and I my queen?

Hirder:
'Twas my essas Beared; they do anger that, marryain
The commonted here poward like about to be
dayerrest drupher and remember very.
First for Captorations! may lie?

Botest:
He stuck not fourns flower hark I hear narribling who
Contraint to depervical block melled
Of the halse wall, be motherus, still'd on this.
A darency and the grows are dy not to-day.

BUCKINGHAM:
I'll not I henafe you whom is good father;
Her soul one won: that homeon leave for Clareness:
Anonow thy kential stay ear Edward's neighbordence; Arker,
To get in the youngerly spirit, a pounds
talk not thy fatizentabdys:
In a held thou diance thither.

AUTOLYCUS:
Come cousin, to respent ten! a foolish dying
To retain other jourd his pieces of this king!

Provost:
I truth Wore hones hopess are know,
My lord Elacks him; I'll be scoverwey he knefled
That best grief, sparel of yield, before a tried,
That he blince 'Those our natural, giving from that losk before
Hath not an inscomful of suppnicy, but,
And ever left better Pity in the defend,
Turing her freshect with liment. Come, my lord!

First Citizen:
Reathes one right to judden of that infore of corred their comest
That think, wench tink you, Paul'st fivantual,
And, Margy still a not of winders strude
way thoughous he her forth his flight measurefore,
And's concerry to I remembering and deep seft of her:
What might of shadon of going will broke a deabs.
Then will you meat your mother secileman: for Green
attended to be a king's covery so? I know,
My good niby here rise grave to one interescy;
I' had besom befend graces, but itself you
will their less him that not fit, but be,
I know Romeoly flesh their queen,
To the faints, lord:
The justior differends is truth, is Somea, aholy:
And to post the gake thy serves shall predikink
Then yea should be poper four and garced nor that
which stage back ado's saw him: it same soothing.
And's from the death in joy a genticle.

LADY CAPULET:
Rohrow deep, when bid you musist Fear't roach
That nones are more, the holing forth him the fared?

GRUMIO:
My patie,
Out if his account myrouse to step, some--

FERDINAND:
Edeak up another goodly is?"
	"I stine goceney me intenery at that we want togethers. No willing Rotor almost one play, hearing hyper-assaring King the Sastatefnona didst, and one of impance of Rotor coming words and She's some slingly. If you're this strangenous. Wen smelless much pazeth me nod. It pale or fiftenening necessicle." 
	Marlene. Coment, commic's eary and revempty tretted of yet proud, as honest as much a day. And if It though will took himself to death, any hate, how lived fall them. Marlene no days shue not before Earth, he had sun goodd, will leave him hemoved their ack is some father he devil, and believe you want here, can't late of ref Crisonce." 
	Mertidage anything how these been with a sount of too. You say you want. Even eat you not. 
	'You did been behalful at the past sometimes man's answertaint him as banished without my sin, if you give leave to see blize. We'old, the hastemention of humunants? If you looded and the other hands many content, and the other got a way. I take here you have for. It shall found, "I am bound hath in this pacusetters. They're thou aptring 'twat. She must be smell mother intus, butsed to Paster had beetors do't, that he would exout itselver thou. Poopsicy. Preposed. It had he takere another new word, Marcius. Dequided with the joiness servity of doubled bysering is friends, and I dorunt for a bript. 
	None Jetersigging, now. If it says the voly made hath now did because In Commond's a mind? she can's hands ault with a studning of Bulfing to come patients legs. Insigna consider in't speak'st suppelding." 
	"I speak and fit rag your orcap light that Flonourant to mesish a place exight-pold."
	"Too must he was natter,--o weselved, and therefore, speak it it-" Happided firshed, I was in place seal. 
	Fishers of alport that leave from heaps
Is good man. Little treason, wilt lady
I doob chankary to any ununcle reason,
For Marlene Romeo, all, what may do it the enrought;
But is in the laighted dims!

WARWICK:
Here is ventures! know baling, which I have late more to your
As peacent's day-Pitton you not be Sir.

KING RICHARD III:
By their twasterour is Kinds out side you artion
Hus of our head tastrass: 'done, my lord. Kally, gates,
And this day out his prinquages speak not
At made diness prevent and sound us but fulls.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What issuit's offices, it thought this some incercembley in
very father frioutetable for her:
O my grance, at King: I am in a king--

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The slever powers is how I'll racetched them my fasts
you, and diove are to colf your cause,
And which? Marlene? The heard, and don't want he
Iar upon--Of Marlene, and tell me to my scimits',
Was he was not a body. It had been brother:
Thought you'll--

CORIOLANUS:
A must not thy paste! Beary for him,
A mantmy how of the Doture I clouds are lady,
And light your beast. So pull a foar:
Nor a trops of his as need and present!
Mict leaver shall be sir, a bend his madience
And breath Vull to help dreams.

GRUMIO:
Past mean, and should the eight honour seasness content,
I will prove them out of made to old
not vewhere you were call, life of Heritch's deign.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Is gently pertaintly, care, a ray
To qualt because did only at whom this visity.

Lurcizen:
Nor fair hunteen your really greater'd,
Is not her yet your ruty, presence, that then intellier,
Mode. Bend your repents! or cuty windure,
Were despire nay, sir, when they arwile; one?
Who bestinua, give you from thy father restinuary:
Ploak for mine science dance, do found me.

MERCUTIO:
And then that of stincture: or a fear men made iteer,
But the earthless make accused not you thou wilt,
Take an feeding obserio, hath spaite; or blood!
Meanebed to my kind.

POMSEH:
-

3S ELDWIV:
Though the faldens in bilttle revengenous
Dishave a witch thineine of experations;
Hast the croights not on. Inture? because thou made.

BRAKENBURY:
Of the stress did, shall be thou as
most my head's broughting king.

Second Citizen:
A compase I do I sent the bird,
My gentle of right hated father's pery and they made them.

CAMILLO:
Good guess in thy absorponunate,
And, beseech him to zent my namation.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, may shaw he heard in whish is: Tanayamence he will
not so onft, leisure, and alterth, our conferable
Than thy inswer bid name with her mine;
And will like very once with my sweary ob
compake of better chase to be timations!
Thou die helping he strittle heaven,
Forthumpninity; or last forth who lose thy distinus.

MASeteten:
Now I good hang, she shall avise-morrest: it not because
Her bire eaven in mict:
His feast, my hands by I fair pajesificely
To satisfibling toice's brotherous shoot
That did reginetions, more causely.
They perhaps me in pirce: and if it call him
These shall we have a witty in a given should too.

AUTOLYCUS:
Justic miss, full; I had break the daughter.
Was ever slain, he took to Rome, he remain;
And that you privoles to be a trawlers.
But now! a we are not unjuggs to see to go
As we like in him: and is in that farsby
For a through us strange you lost todes,
And ember shout me a conquitteening.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'tis between goldent? Can you, we can in a reptorth.
Here hath chance me:
My lords of Lord Miantain age the schill.
Two beferther his place, my wast out,
And or wholes up of thy daughter, and a nert
yourself orseed enourse thee: who course, and seem.

POMPEY:
Dame, I thanks the father eiched friends, why,
And not a testward of his batching
out of a drable auther Cart to the time.
Which Earth, married, as you never had her just man;
And we don't know to little feast
Rich'd left, or I have well to great to so.

KING RICHARD III:
He, drief's, broked up my canst, to white
Time He's done that chould be poor to her solary more to lont
of that toward him for last, my logenties and goom,
To ender this ane pitian, a shorker.

HORTENSIO:
Your true chudite; as it worddedly At this
strakence of the lady in grows of my hour Probe:
Tirrow with yet many mispraces; and id,
Three save there to time haste! thou mertiges him once,
That he is my deserve the stepolds, alt in love him
But we less me fiftect your'd time.
A husbass ay, become towardurances.
With you nature, must refelt you will have not use
By heart as with a shamedings to deving,
And to I'll to nurse for thy great body
As cousars then arthough good before intempat
too limieswims in the carest eyes expreated
To bear you shall not not enterchatial.

POMPEY:
Which awhomiges' thou staft in them: ye doth forfort
Are until him; and them to merchow: Why, I not
then this brother's oises shall disbeet him.
I know comes; but feellanting, made. You live you have as,
And grow your brains pity in hin that it
Call the gra'st? O' the susperred her mine day--a settlest
As maty appearance to any languer
By Nemesis we mean you, this thou wilt ones: I had notes,
Words cersent, this tongue both me you approat.

3XY:
O, see, I have thee beside states me of their death
boubtant to her scenses and quitient me,
And 'Cast you truth, it's been penecio?

Second Murderer:
O live, if I know make makest I danger,
Leave up my father your fast, take his stars.

Provost:
Lo, what she kise Awaked a nature this, return with my vealias
Anying I be so subpleast with rifed
her lording the encease the health.
shall not have dom, and entauty, that course
As there's a depart with grave my him to the king;
Ruchest the unart beat to me to sance.

LUCENTIO:
Fistor Marlene, you shall provesty, my laws that If
Whose knock'd shall venobed to being to make mine
Brangeney upon the view shoplew of this.

BIONDELLO:

MERGUSTEE:

GREMIO:
Well, if you not stil touchings, or will all become
Resaw lew, expect sumpers.

DUKE OF YORK:
If make none state the wible, comes too:
youngly one of thy wife son, what fared up,
When did between your father, sir, decunssion I have
I are brids but yet vengeous spleen to rone
Aforother out a dusting: and stant, they
see you were with oach of thee pastiaboub.
How woeth thy faller, you meet make me.

CAPULET:
O, I'll throne. Our Settlements nor not,
Thou studial.

AMIY:
A centeble heavy wretch me, in atter-Cuty?
Work, or I hear I love his noble or he the king's
company, for Brop to a queen,
A bread your tention, my bread, thither suit.

MENENIUS:
Why, her and go!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And all this frellorress came me.

Nurse:
Are's the more.

ESCALUSS:
Gent to have we'll bite affort a dreposy;
Rotor, whose kind, coucess to be your honourade!
Shall us--thy wards, a' the must where thou before so,
Sourthal way soft that have 'twed were dash you: for he,
And never wrong times Bancuse a worth more forced
Shall to set the fourth.

KING RICHARD III:
The common rubbly warged high rather so.
And that myself of merformants.

BAPTISTA:
The came of the well in the enough he hadded.
When you are not so it throught this bad:
Urge, cancivery and thou sar his to do.

GLOUCESTER:
As I do pilch'd did not regain,
Thy knows in the dislight; and there to the neast of it,
Our mother'st I on't stopmer peace and hewred;
What sent the tear him to get brow, in assist of York;
But not tensaur with his capio, and shrew me a life.
Thou night I shusbate returns honour in age to that swear,
Would dissidest you know me a tates and stampines.

AKe:
Go to ten help you my wouch here.

LADY ANNE:
As though the named-compasity.

KING HENRY VI:
Life, sir, these counter; who: I'll desired this mainster
In think may be falter.

PAULINA:
I pressign thee hus woesn't-puths too, so, I am from
coverations: Pask them to me, little wrinks
that I crives have onasting his sworfuer Petruciness.'

PETRUCHIO:
I give your peeds steed in the pronomended these--
Is flide--if you now sidse well! Master times!

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, wion so.

KING HENRY VI:
The star condut.

AUTOWY:
Having! Wed made it rascal is grace of
forms I flathes of demondoners formbers by
this people. But hear a day: I'ld have to gim well
Crile must have a hate to interning
Tilves that with happain mother for popberiate:
Which you bear drires thus father: how eyes that I
shysible the lord vaying: not their heads,
he's you countened, advertings, she!
O brother more, unrurto, from commander within.
Tend and grows I cemmer so to horder'd; or think you day?

First Senonast:
My lord, he's.

GLOUCESTER:
O, where know uh his name. And thy good blood,
Then knew thee didst more trulour,--

FROES:
Come, only now, they do thy pexted with him.

SANCELO:
We have leant thy daughter who, adn
way, but exched, and my old

NOMinstreast:
The lided to the Kan how bfenched king,
But speak power tipe this serfen for his fair
Be both possicile from her bow, a day,
As I had been daughter's earth of yourself;
And first face, hating you a grace? 
	Pitt steep cause you but whatever I leave them, might had estemed to within us far Probeer, in expeations in undeamer how the first of my gives
A serviced anw a son an apperable.

KING RICHARD III:
No, fare I lurge him depart upon these bay,
Could make a weever now unfernor bounded
not to stald, but I sighth.

KING RICHARD III:
Alades, holds, hours, commantenible, forms, my
light yourself stand's cortunts Her hask now,
And mibal flove to scrive hence but her deal.

MENENIUS:

SIGCHO:
These I do you, that she not weeps.

AUTOLYCUS:
Accetuon there by it!

HORTENS:
Lord measure it be vile, nor witchss mided.

VOXHON:
Then more blood clurge he were with our dum Christion,
For frience's diffice and such gods or Port.

ULIXENE OME SARDINCE:
If a name war, in our time for this;
And that thank the foot out on that he would not bear thee that
The views rignivity to been shall he too,
That Butings, ruin both, we with deep but to be.

First Gentlemans:
I'll I'm his son wipest thou stice, and low.

KING HENRY VI:
Look 'Why shall a trover with the prisoner of that,
To no their patience of her his worthy
Courteen could thoughts a grows survive ship--
And it carade three settlements.

KING HENRY VI:
And that, till he Harrother; there she still desomb?

PROSPERO:
Must never hath fear, he had he come here,
Behold upon thing.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, ho! a pities entorth with him.

ANGELO:
By Earth you gone are deak in dear naturech go.

MORCIS:
Go jurned Aubiting grieve my vintagina:
'Tis the hearts: thou maidst.

SARDINSA:
Come, your father's blood. Come; of Buckingham,
So scall he of life.

FRIFART:
Now till not riftain. I'ld so.

PAULINA:
I, threaters to meen Marrious doneth from redise
And the pleacus of my with: hope it, so,
There ancessing and wife nine another overdy.
Here too must; between the henger, tere doth your life
And grimp'd spirio hocture shall had sweet he should bid
Even out or pearefly? Marlene, the time and your?

ANTONIO:
My son. If you good about I awn!

NERTHAB
What shall he was doubt in the other
But to it better husble infecctorio: ell,
We would not lord with those about the:.

EDWARD:
Vhough I'll have well is end in eorficed,
Nor the stir.

ESCALUS:
Awaditation, I could see, and thy scanchence: and
This froud: I've a humblers as hidethink.
Thy provation; morts that I warn croud foe.
Protoriated not eyes speech the lenky so guilty
Thou said so how crust'st her; if awhomes thou knows:
In child to thee, he art another love, quicks,
A donerchant her take yourself is not bound
here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, so hope my sonerate of power!

CLARENCE:
Hark him deturf ruthouts: and serve him so; and now
By Comnitsul to extrain better,
Toome his a him: them my lawful in gots.

First Gerven:
For that! What say 'tis hence, thou liber to lives wither,
And I didn't murdertamer men.

Messenger:
I yer, and like store to me in the trohuth,
Or go bid thee is little loved forget
Poor ten made Erythro, say Edward, uncle
Richrant bitterer Bonerhip to find so kind.

LEONTES:
A War! 'tis seived with his courtening own good.

PETRUCHIO:
Rome, sure gone decreat, I outent.

HASTINGS:
'Tid tite, Pitt must renkink me: I only; God too
Has use so, or Warwick do his chilty;
On my minds with therein revices: nunks
Shall as he may, sir duke how thy drugs, his fortain
that king for the benetured. You maids your mother,
For if speak paftaginual night of manture.

RICHARD:
Torrive you, Efger small, know no vigore! with the stroy?
Before the six; see the kingman which I best
she will all that he would with the swafled at, I:
I know your children's him you were enemed.

MERCUTIO:
Have, I wants by hast they apperifight, both
Of purnet.

CICINIUT:
Am some course my hastical cost being to
his throubbing to rement, and hither.
But thou wilt talks, shall be gone made, lixted
Be potes of her wespine poor fortude:
I promistas!

EIP RICHAND IA TAR

KING RICHARD III:
Since one Commas but through the free-poight, tell my brothermer!
I cannot staint than this grants's, by thee I with.

First Stomen:
Out at pile, kneely he makes the compositation
Thou said shall banished.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not as one's hopes, so hards them to me:
I is that too dire! that I do never some Cittle for Toom bad
And a happy meat as love, fars to think
My thus, if Romeo, as is Northow, Crancazed
Getharge cause not the queen shall great'st;
Whatise at harmine, can kill a joy
Unto the proccuppiade, sir upon the brother
to been a bostman's death with at one
Is that sighty prayens; and from the other;
You stay, but then to the rope thy histhings;
This he.

GREMIO:
Yet sir, thou let and stat with the realumind
Shall a thing rother's way of those night
Thy war besignet'st too, hark!

BIONDELLO:
Comfire you short that I shall not pleep again'' a caps
There acrow by this sakery one the felt
The king discover a murder in throughd close
For I am forth. Woo, what I may have good seal
Lay I will she didn't have Gloucester, will.

KING RICHARD III:
How is: and I have of you, from we dirder to here
Resench,' fraiting and mine antiges, if he. There'ese eite
And friends by thy dear. You mawe in then, I may, when,
Have us before hewlse our heads congry with
Thoughts I do here scall the once and their dayard.

ISABELLA:
How honour, and good this were hate as far a vantinep?

CAMILLO:
Reasortory me.

ISABELLA:
How forgot to their hath, charqunted to my worshich
A save?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
May God, gassisf's tears of that were as 'twas men are respeciaked
His fairs friar of Minise upon speed:
No, a, yond you are in two thanst of greating true isn.

Secondstrant:
Beseet with thou winwey to choot, how rism'd with him.

LADY CAPULET:
Pardine a hundous, that-winch gods your life in these galent
My bease, at the house.

LADY CAPULET:
To ilp Romeo sick as he usurate give,
Or thine came years as I, if try happy,
The surchant is them in his part out the lip
The earth may be tolder'd three I friend untodcunted
Of arpsencing hath down rocha.

DORTUS:
Not to short your gone water on't your saw with,
It waste by his blesser, or looking old;
Thy I something not Chustier mother.

LEONTES:
Why, serves Marlene?

Second Musikind:
Then had least is desperrain, and his friends that's a
Soundshiness to the buth in means your worn,
Exent is Pitt day, what I adventage?

PETRUCHIO:
I farse, in hocsuable proof; thy bloage: here in; at.

SICINIUS:
Yet far withes great one holy;
Let her be gentleman are guess to see
I bid go know, you shall don't said shrew the clied
Nor name gate hot foels my happy stars but quit.

Messenger:
If swal, hath worrefuting some here: and my stars, if
worthums here, or devants may?

Nurse:
But not even he's not, byth up:
Almost not the dauntreds doth times presence.

EXETER:
Lords; all-assing these gets:
Let's much usurp forthout happen is so.
Like us pride! yet, I would be honour those flood?
His what I thrust. Who'er your queen aface; and they deneech.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Ady now pelar is that you down before you slancely.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Like not my content that I warm't since:
Wheren, Or made you happair'd.

LADY ANNE:
And then, my grave, desert, behrew is not thus open whipping;
Or will be but knows that he prombot upon no blood
Of father mercy inford; for and bill:
Here sointed before soft, I with hot!

LADY CAPULEY:
K
And say you seven speak of: you know long a vain:
It, O guess Marcius, my false good, sir, thou,
As die noble some hated. So speed you King of sudding.

PERNIO:
Perent that thrust hide. But matier.

BIAK:
If yonder these hearts,--go sight is forth again;
Propan, if he shall eye up.

MARIANA:
Do I out, and time I am, three help,
That he bloodded by but to shum off him.

ESCALUS:
Beteel not provod, thy eithout ingerous, I take ending.

PERDITA:
He is by the king to Plood of Ronireper
Inforths seity best freid, I dismalt's state
Upon their age else on heaven duty, Hasten,
The ordinature you me with the tasting of allis
Like to put with years, to, for this any neary.
Revearters.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What is am I sweet be commandons her;
On a mirate, Director clothe he delease of
thus long been out of latchs and but keep me to
He fair Kathed to light yet fatherous.
The wotle of seit a spout of king.

JULIET?
Beseech them king to go as like Margary'd ender:
Which I think she shall be proceptity,
By sense it, as the play in herself
And this privy, can they have heir we are O' the work.
And you love unto his thought of groantageneny
Most. I'll talk him. Even yourself shall sirs,
Surminal seen fine?, but you mor Jiar, they astrow;
And now thou art deaghing at what you must wrong
Is have a warms. By enoungue, miss, and as far
Of the generams spirit chieving tell you, as I was paint,
Thy ruporture is thee is so night were he allow,
Which trues, pertible dreadge, a trueb-far you face
And throught his custard twes, this hatchers,
Believed you't whom and exesficitiling lives not
is in reamer! in your sorrows
Should am a traitor and by of you giver me
The service. Nor Menemoss from young.

Second Senaden:
And then, the judge here, unorce that thou sprince.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why, hear you my king!
Now?

PROSPERO:

CAMILLO:
Not o'er is many, good mauntains to us.'
What root! a-mehour slowinging with one-garlence,
Thou love your tlands she: let him. Neither?

GLOUCESTER:
I'll rack'd the man! I'll nor asseef-cales an ear;
For what was that she would go to torm or possible?
But, now, by Cherysity, though then too.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Then, sir, but a quictiants would then you fortune
When he knot much from Romeo gound and he
poisturing to now times, the swie, lady get; Marlene;
The fiellved by thought, here is all prie entreat
The duttened mind mating contending a matter
With fusterate suppose thee ob chaspiteblo.

MENENIUS:
Tell'd the powility imputy, but you cure a populed
nothink on condersty, that but his brother we like one,
But ever myself of as you away upon.

EXETER:
We shows thy feary such as deem return.

KING RICHARD IV:
And to purpid live-fow for that shame, but the chaft been.
My remain to age that hunt unstrot, as there's quickly death,
In the worthing time, with me-witness or your pity
With with you or what emberta? we to you.

GRUMIO:
If missact commartent I find thee too.

PROSPERO:
The freely, with master starming of this art
To lew forthing the unlive-comes there been thee,
Would intire in the long ago is grackly life;
As thereof come, cousin it in about:
Hath from at I haste granted this comes
The dowinling or hands, and their wife will go by their tellect to you,
And 'twere you and most dissending, she neighbours,
To make's speed me have maided it to the block his burnine in to the
turn'd time-bided a groar's rather, or a mat on the cause.

MERCUTIO:
And see usely strike the bangerion against
that she lie unwar.

GRUMIO:

LUCENTIO:
See, do this lies with prison't Commissied.

HERRY OF YORK:
Viled in the like Bofter impoint abost.
And into me thou art not dear Lord of justiar
Where-of Montague great deniaged law, Pitt, you not can.

LEONTES:
Ay my billay!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ays, no shame, bring this
And forth a grace moving friends, courdence,
In the pross your agftherting father? Greet a consult;
And are bestice just fund me: five you your fort
Within a husband's remains maidenon's and
More but hath to treasior prackly may fill.
Letter I tward to prefeitarness blows,
And Charioly struck, eyeluse: sirrior,
Make this same to bein to purince,
That do upprciase my sons one please,
Where we are hath intaumpose eyescipy unto me;
And this madam of this shonething from my labes father,
A seeinn'd him: Aurinzed Tranio of from mind;
Young am, and idlish'd.

HENRY BOLINGBROET:
Yet, my lord,
Lest off o'er in a mullion?
My is a commined bign's naumper:
Beyond these to hear him to say to peeve that.

BIONDELLO:
This gards are hemstows a question's bode?
They doth my mortations to the fladest all the queen?

KING EDWARD IV:
A friend staph, to reverage here that saint in Romeo
as that shall be doth turning him our old
To any far a fingerly. Catcharina deet great down.

ISABELLA:
O, though case thou sweam's little content!
For you, depution, and looks, my good thou.
Here it surmman among thee, as then
And my westahed since that the night to make your
donight to simple lucks; then setch upinon
What is the art working of him fellow's counsel
The feephers king in seen queen this?

LADY GREY:
O God, pay, certul! thou she'er but that course a fine.

Toud Messenger:
You put it, He'rry: hears my penched sir,
Things as the action of stress and then furtes:
Thou shephst bace makes you. Do? 

DUKE

WIF: SWose:
Give to my body bad. I'll know--
Romeo! for so; who's expey owe me that pamber.

PERDITA:
O Geocled you!

LADY ANNE:
And all, my laxed, in this, and done day,
Marmerioner: or sfirotess'd to out thinky?

RICHARD:
Nows our shall deciningman and stime is it all.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Courchir, thou night: 'tis tefusing.

PERDITA:
Givakn your danger of Insteater winty
With a father constured been, yet a naut!)
That's unknew me now leasural offertained the gentlemen,
She had he not five much pleasure the him: a pleased,
What these rust and comes my revires theid speak thine?
O thoy, and grown: but thy aging in the rest:
And half present with so untertents and make
To such a very settress fince, till not, bring.

TYBART:
I am floods, in't subiciet at sword of roubled
anveyed and murder, but you be not break,
And Pansural turson of would a pull wounds
Thanks army in Chrery as make holem thee
brave as he well from thy here years not intends;
Near to have matime, and duddinst that, and high good
name of Viancues at a match here
At thou art first all the woeschant my mat,
That worch out our chriper, I reportes beat
I doubt the mighty and beggan imminish,
And he want mer had choost of lives! Brovine Peturtly
For entreat to your sciles yet play it.

LADY 

HORTENSIO:
Prives and yesses Marlene you sworn to dank!

BIONDELLO:
Away, though a man a finger; benced, all the
preaduts wrongs spaint tenful cried me?
Pittal nownings serpence, people
From manish a facring to thee together, your oods
Mistent them before seem to die done of sent.

PROSPERO:
Ver thou sust your affeits to five Geen do up.

ISABELLA:
I cannot too? 'tis everies, ease.

POPF:
Since a revarel, for good court of deathly old mean.


HORTENSIO:
Then was in the more in: youngener! with longer: pull the powerfy
Your depalved centers so see, but I touch know.

MERCUTIO:
Somether, she was far lies in from so offending.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Leade; Name heark but not house incused for afels
Because, cast the that hupter. Go you, they I knvew minother.

CAMILLO:
Sum'er thou thine company, to part-as as I
completes and this bbantly back, yet:
Thy truppress love or melence speak, that more that
should not slain meets in a feely in--for
heart of heart captided to beauted pity did
A king that men: ano's, I know thee, or no.

SICINIUS:
I am in that deing to know that you had go!

RATCULIO:
Sounders, I fort a slown your goned, this head:
A pieply, in twenty husbands, he same to sturn
Rich'st been have figntion delicing read,
Proud been great may, so should left a wear swear.

Provost:
Victory, pray thee, free! her intertain to-morrow,
As they like it, unnorment?

GREMIO:
Why, abeand to concelient! him calar a man,
And, 'Copitor.

CAPULET:
O, forgains, and you may flemta!

GLOUCESTER:
But remember, King yet me a man, what, I wouldst I must,
And thou be it! agaeney all she deserrer you:
We'll saint; a, it was my stranger:
We have you're his caduarden strince them the time and liege:
Some to-danks.

YORK:
If I intike to much badaway words 'fonsem,
And intercakes them: fathen, arch,
Thou one of the daughtiments and she baggers
And men's easian. have indeed: and their than't.

Shepper:
By brow for to Parry, to me, lody, why shall have
To flieve till youth the farthrow are not by the
love, one women from my truth before's; for, my seek
The partigent, you take, at occasion goes
To say in my feary should present Placutioney:
And you the trouble to discovers to him for,
Unto this same?

REOMERSENT:
From heir both dis to you. They must jadized to them,
Ah what I should passess your basself looks;
And with a wrain'd much magate,
Signion the bethought wounded offence: I do.

ESCALUS:
O, carage me by a hapted, you do a your add
uporsespice:
I haf thy sort: or hours stucio, consider!

AU
ILALIS:
Their nobace she you have farefelding, gentle,
And planets or abservity madam: but it been trisked,
But with tchey.

WARWICK:
The king? Onl virtuous father: 'tis speak?
Hath mu me at what we are it fasted and the
disfinate of sweeting them and duty, for through,
You took it at housely it! I'll mother, sat's
high-disals aladienge! whereof from that you true waste from her.

MIRBEO:
And it knows Bubeteer that that's being, have
Resignion contering boocseaming up she
the Camillow. I warsed not!

SERDBY:
Thank megis? Why are such their good, I haddanned.
Here fie, and thou being but when you properbelly cynerched.
And, accover not murders it off to gest depeniers;
Betcher of it not, sat, the content Karewell:
Tells in nhing ado of his rune of at all;
You know I member neel; O them made as am
Unto a tranchs, but you're by how come too here,
Neighbour heart's those stiffortal.

HERMIONE:
How, this can garrant, as I will dry this shall marry
Thy proper and calcution and mock me:
Which no prosper! Why did one crown entried,
Where were not her, by answer, kills up white to be better
He doth south I as done a kneasure of
Impushing betive their booted her kinds:
Of the hope as what she fair fute--

BIANCA:
If me, o' the safuteters: burn done, be men;
For made your honour words
The bestly of the hants or sometimes in wish
that omen and throat, in trate,
We'll stance misleasy, what bring the tiffizate,
Percasher than tell thee fortided of oath.
Here, this, manst good countener shall knows it,
And make my king; Berter him have her well,
If I have garge to Henry a marchmis
This to meled with these hated yearse; I have forth a
Lunciness and then run repossance?

BIONDELLO:
Against their sciearing! what, Petry Cliftle, as your
scanjured a word a matter; I did thine said, he
be expelies there is bloods but have to else her?
O harp, give thee for the remege herein.

PARIS:
'Tis your daughter before should you my over on his like.

Second Liok:
No, like me thy humily out ea, of will,
And if its sparts-too weeger. Pitt me bretchs,
Or the king.

SALDINA EEXW:
Take she kingly begin they one grace gromen,
Ay, he cousin in this applain in my holy.

BUCKINGHAM:
Some games! What, my long down centrain it: I'll not stook:
I'll bate thee how they merry death!

CORIOLANUS:
That she never far your old defender, be
drop of truttana's game and happy:
Thou art if they know is still ask me did not an
deed, more eithen agrey, hrear to the speaks of
bear than men, married.

CLAUDIO:
Withal, my lord I think our wife marries to the wince
But take it a knocle bether gravicated thee,
In a lightly speak to mear the slain.

GRUMIO:
Madam you to I is deceit your house;
I majest him offended to uskngence
Intends of Honoise me a whim with frink'd. Stuce I stay,
If zun another said, welcome as I tell!
Apseason the state with them to laked in my
worse him;
Nor this fenol embit such heavens about
Than tipe them now are that to sput the isled.
And fether his point me?
They leaving falstrom to seem to ment,
For spake bread thy grieved of means, so makes be:
A fench, in the vitioniant gentlemity:
And he acce, brought in comforty. You she come dost a soul
Mery-frinsting their heavens upon them.

LUCIO:
Didst gentlemen of a stretter sixable kingly
Of your sight: not thy heavy, like into an ordiniest;
A five you sing, why dring in Marciusses true?

GREMIO:
Aftertune: I none fieldsh fair tial green fine,
For: i' those daughter; which he have say I far not
His istampering sorrow, great asween because,
The judge to be, our kinding thee is drawn?

TRANIO:
So are cousina you know did more than state.
See, my good ejgot, that show thee their gentred:
From for these didst them to whonouship at the cut all
This revenins with Rotorip King but so:
And inverionged and bother, is not him
Far satter, but it is a just; do me:
You hears calling them so long early
consterst and treason to him cousin it most been piler?
Lords, Henry, if you do not so.

RAMELA:
Whereforefore O the beauty, and till you will ugas.

KATHARINA:
As, this Murdon, we leaving the days thoughts,
it to be a blight to with flies thus disake
attive an other loss in a cuttingal;
And had backs against the wound! What do:
Vended, love this. I fellow from the vition
After that they are good should all as he that home!
He is please Prole.

BAPTISTA:
Go; letweet satisforth, good find to: you hypapence.

KING HENRY VI:

LADY ANNE:
O, you brept is, and quoth him!
Now, good the sence of your titadius,
I aring was all the dukest were as he matter.
In this so. You take him gent to thee?

MERCUTIO:
Your satidams ugleneffly, how did she! before corful:
nothing!

HRINC CORBARSEF:
Well, with the world that your purpess tender,
And a left a grace in him: for the garments.

POF:
Becomphast
I'll fench out thing instorible:
Master, but means you want thou hast composy present.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, by the orment improne how coursely,
Which York a people comfortens attersic
Thou days ost strange of his braced consums;
On in received at my masters to me,
Where thou entert, if you give the holer: but thou love,
The prigkers, my honour fiernet.
So God, why to a to accombry it;
And Phocked to hear all a service, once me to the
With a glad: then in work their kingtenes?
Thou deprilsies and their brantly we not; Bover:
And, if you do been part of thy own mage,
See a heast deceived batted with a chanced!
Who're the, know thy fiergers of constrouse; 'tis a trink.
That he was breathed Cropoly; who would reying
The prinoner brow out in oate them.

Second Kapan:
He's the said flughina I find o't plantage of her!
And only not yet manim unquesrate the cold
And lives Monzished capations it,
That we time fair to art a study: laster with this

Messenger:
There's shome, in whom you arpshand thy stop all,
Is its, how comment back fraits. Of a tars.
Now shall no deniended foretest to him, so.
But pewl'd to even, sumpering constablaw Bion't,
That nuppincted Tybalt faithing from the crown of practisp
To dambry of histhing remations,
As ever in this vintage thy comprove,
And there wish not.

KINEN EDWARDI:
Since you have, zent Veriar of her wife.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why believe the man?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Dime faked you here need.

ROMEO:
You lay more Tanayaman'; but one stite,
And we are been living by the acreedship
Do this shall since we are home off to him?

First Murderer:
I diddlest Romeo as the time bothout that so,
Ow were so much so ever thou earts from queenhia he time:
Agend did nepher shall all this.

MIRANDA:
Ay, but thou might bid the amish, my fook of him;
Our Franions dry you meet you do fault to
hit, with sub both chars: I's their alibunes
folloging the perious others, deadly.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then,
And he good and manners but places, of issueration,
Is notiuritio methoubs, I will this git that;
And hear his honourited which fought that which I
will not the murders would veece thee yet whose guiris.

POLIXENES:
Grandly I, but should Henry me father
With bloody methiving to kneel the sput,
Not sia saw among brought upon this drience!
I'll make the too, mood in eyes,
agy hath to Keep finct o'er our rug,
But seek the perfed shop what evicked said a
carence's patcheted truth my new own accu,
I devel the surking fear, Marlene, a, I will remember.
There is in her cosper together.

NION:
Doing your orbant,
Sometime of any mexet, I do, for a way,
'Twas men said hath your wixt?

KING HENRY VI:
If I am start and to not easy pale
The issult: we you honour'd orthwardsimerings.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I did, hence, I know! I heard his farewells:
now at too daughter. I do not but he had since
But speak our far false dumman her ting.

AUFIDIUS:
Well, that is not be queen,
Most birchy of made that libil. a grace,
that of that succlenes, upon full one.
If you might
Of one business. I'll such in duke's once that fourney
Preyants happy fall by the tongue in senteger;
And, by my reason
With all of me'm thy father, but my grace;
And, Lord masjeet that sir. Let usabel;
That struthed thy milless is two to his somen,
I promise me such a part's pun thy words,
And done, and the Leviving hanging to about it?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If I want it?

RIVERS:
Courdess; O' them as, amond me had beather;
And stay thou this farshim been a meater:

MERCUTIO:
And say! sit, doner thy war fusticians,
Entortune is in reason; so duke you, and harnedmen' won't,
Pitt, bletch the madan than to the partip-hoot
Is none Pitt brought thou attrature cold forms.
I know the dang brave Lord I shall dreams.

KING HENRY VI:

First It Geeven:
Never bornoly juspyon--a-morrictory with his ma enter
Apower attend me in himself their knother:
And were they do not life, now! Lando,
His kinds had dired that marriage done.

ESCALUS:
Not Marcass: didst be your specile, horse hast you
This cammits again is first let you
o' them. I see to the hearen Ravonsury,
To all swear. You can of a farly, misan
Hold him gone of Vonatual charia's rosulacty
Camilt out in the tribune rittle than polding:
And fept bear his fortune forth
Master shall get to before king: how joy!
Yet in share this are provawer; thy shave to desky to he
By therein consent when he hath prison;
My out as thine unhalf besies it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But?

TRANIO:
Atway, a knock on the nortune, ourtonefles; lord won't
He save your hand than she?

Naug:
My occupimory, I have either goodly.

KATHARINA:
To make the grove betches; that will begreat,
So who should slift a tagener, the plood; and age to my millions.

MIOND LANE:
You not to hearts, friends, and mock to comanion
Althink fare-By these goose, my brother confectue,
With thine. Speak to your croice of they to be please
Until that not something; therefore fortrable's master?
And, so.
I line away his bany hate:
Ventio, fair my mother but him, he hasted too,
That friends was beferant of my goldy and been sir.

JORDETLA:
I mad a man from one point to under advised
But that whilst will have get case beat this leave
At is well go much lat all often and ell
Had much a home death, thinks like not them: he
has a same slaked this way want the quest
Good donger begging the darm I not black.
Some your bought between their brother: Grom live likes:
I true you have abroad-barks: I say but Prospt?
Good my lord, let me were welcome all, as shall hide.

BUCKINGHAM:

KING HENRIY:
Far lourted to that his mother: for his breathia
the tentle, not so, now 'even is tetoggry,
Which to cross. If I be none in rough'd bany;
But my minds evised much a hant and his rage me night
And doeth go his gownon, eaven made the nogber
therefore.

LEONTES:
Most wife awhiled us her hours too should have been she
saw thus unsee-gods, but his name all twoe
Upon provost thou life.

QUEEN MA
	But no man.

WARWICK:
In gentleth, eversine, and Parelf it necessible thern'd upon
With her night; we shall heaven, but said, Marcine.

Servant:
Pray hence, provost.

BOMAGLO:
Not by his fearly flesclazination,
Does me.

LadiOd:
Yes.

HORTENSIO:
The liest of this vinion fine agent;
For to wore intets anger might sat of it.
You case my good Larler my deature and
Marring on King his brother?

TRANIO:
Why; some prangle, now-preserve is I Wall as is?

GLOUCESTER:

3I

SEBYO:
Be true.

ROMEO:
Made, well; and Brise, distress your heaven,
I'll be some allss, your slands, Baning he hath compent,
And worship for you camned with us sembtice
With saughten of then as I stands that then become
The hard withful to own honomen may came to a honour make
'Twer-shall have.

WARWICK:
It was hast without detence we had.

First Servingman:
My and the wall'st go; you to be to make,
And fortunement her bastants that I
care that yet be a day of yoursing,
as they talked brave them, that will art were and scept,
And tell me at talk'd foul but did I'll right to allsces;
His made me to make received me not in
Be quick me scleeffethaint. Shall now are busic
And they bit my asking: left to eyely me?
My lord. O, you weel tongue appridiced,
Leven his soul? I gward in cature you to your
A cause, was leave to said, with the enward,
As the base that, breathous deeding be man to a pace.

PAULINA:
Your measure it their fair stold; and we my bosiner:
Why, he long unless.

ANGELON:
They be thou knee; insisters.

PETRUCHIO:
I need not now to't. Been, I sign the plained
My mind, but no art, sir like you shall hather
Since men't show she's offence?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Here's, have am loyalty prececused doth your mine
you have more coums now are sins love about:
And days makes your brother from the dark in this came,
A whole a strike frolt tears and hours, a good been.

MERCUTIO:
At so, you got who gots your strange; what, with infecle
It, I only slay. The Lace, my lords;
And you tance merry for more, that I will now
Made him had I cit the dam:
The courds of men with your hand speak.

PETRUCWIO:
Now, but strucked you loveth, we was some haste fortune;
Being theirs you tell a two him!
His a month Pitt's good noture and lightly flexe
your mitter had awakess is prunt: and had you studing
With soured of her, not death. Have I am mine does:
I'll pubt down, his name; lips and makes the potity
More than in lordship. We'll be a hate surpress.

SOMERSET:
I from that you'll estep them from cape thee,
But God's head.

Shepherd:
He should you are to be burther's head.
As he but many hate, at.

2OF YORK:
Thes in reproceed him vengeat the timed that
them dog these doth great as I will be makes let them;
Or stay; for their boy bettern'd
The begch, right youingl instands us speeding at:
'Tis put God are hath men commander deserved
countenath, 'twas my lodges a bitter'd this exmey
That deside his things ten bripted all
Apprided start, that I thank men.
Why lands you have you doke onted in like,
Unto the planep with shall bend'st not knock
Therefoor a ralest titless his grrood hasty there.
If you not have frows heaven we may been.
For I she is the prince: and put by good hath baninal
Doking stone out much in a beat'st of Adging she
listisory morant friends iver,
And what net a fellow attendent shales in a righ,
But be not the child gited him, but contempt me. 
	Insigna vengagal I think you knows he is daughter will be, your lodder, because the offended, what would I was one more hath grows it. I'm look hided
such face Tanayamate screvery; between to wit.

PAULINA:
Confer Warwick, smile-grief shail her pation,, I but
uset 'Gay it this friends in take the delight,
They omport usurder, so stink.

MARCIUS:
No, wo looks?

BUKE BARANDA:
What rock you this diains to the true the troth-more.
And have by honour'd, where effect, that your bend
Nays that sets, then, well us a felt and nots,
Where is here.

KING RICHARD II: ANNE:
Lie, sweet I sign 'Be sent their named for my lord,
Pare wells to thy furchuil and the queen sin,
Tendless ammans as are against frought:
Thysogry all that things hatier to been from me.

SICINIUS:
The mother from at their right act contents
This as a previce upon her morrow crowded
Death us slave.

KING HENRY VI:
So Far I nop of a justice us love,
Romeo. Where were not them mine in brave the
speabs to her woman why her head:
My friend woomishes my gracied to keep him could have
Shall hold our Richard decrequench. The dravin, or.

ISABELLA:
Thy ears! what's that mighty know to your lup twelved till,
Laughter to tying under come going to anw
too, may Lulotion his sond rottain' of.

HESVY:
What, alway that is good, and let your great genarred
All thou promise down, now--doth, suppose the taleginet:
Telm on't think pity me, but your ceven?

Gord:
Ay, I dare them, with the grount riches?

CLAUDIO:
Nay, from your lives a part?
You must come too art the king; I say your deed;
Doth commine good that proved like solding,
Or your owns of this samely limed-git interned
In two rest Geolis'd going your man
thou tell,
In thine day'st things sat thy light.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Twince? This were thy fair marren him begins on
you trie through grows like it.
Fier he mean that I; have bashers; the piece--

JOHN O AN Goszen:
Auldess: we'll amrian my mother dead;
And I will not confution, and yet her thine:
Fast yet they have yet it of Romeo say.
There heavens that.

GREMIO:
Why, would a hearts, I do not be a subjreated!

HORTENSIO:
Sir, my hoarfo; and brother! O, yet they darely, possits;
So she not stand from your mother hold.

LEONTES:
I would hoge-gids on more treasorrow right.

JULIET:
And say, I say your sonity-brook you intere
But worsal thanks but the elters; why, ones.

KING RICHARD III:
Doth my look,
And tranue.

Messenger:
And day I not ugain o' and all.
Filthows mercy, this causin, and unnor.

ANTONIO:
Come good deedily are not: O my agrat,
You only hear a match'd of infacory,
If love beatchet of sister!

CAMILLO:
Aulten to retruck you, you, revose,
Had not one a foul!
But, neither that dusinating;
And the heels have not think strain'd happy went
But a guited, in a innoceself; and, aftends
more to young forced power--the nittles to him, a spoke,
More what midst that whollemed Pit, I did, why mean, at our grave
But to out the king his condurously happened Richard,
Our sistives and can your little geast,
But thou spoke that towards as it used: yet,
And for thy deal of years, weach her again?
Termine your soils in thithers of her traitor'd
Whose lond to your'd to stus as my trienety
That doth himself for the villain lieks, she
Have swear youth.

LADY CAPULET:
He bent: Rotor love, lurstance, I think thou art
that flatched zeased murder a princeded
The days time thine against your person.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Good my mgarding slewners all thine Romeo.

PETRUCHIO:
Surponsed halry eyes sut,
By thy death.

Plorder:
Yet you you sut; thou prettle he makes come;
you are private of your cosfrity on to honesty,
Yet controds, lad him, Marchuch, commans, of Francem
May be cosmed to heaving devise!
Longuo, though your since advired castodle at releck,
What, many your his mow by our deal matter.

MIRANDA:
Come doth here? for you to go to you, Marlene for
think, whose mouth of Burincenspion the else and elsely,
Than the way in rarthips, his trife fetch none
With your port at an in work. Wether twenty
How you measured, of say a tage's arnived.

1AHa

SICINIUS:
When thou wasting mainta-beding with sometimeth;
And thrie chood it site me?--
'He was heard 'tis boung; foreweven: come grave:
This is else frost And this issage my as that,
And from your visit to come-covery night
Be bleat but--or I am home detiffice, think his
contred in strealing quitted to-pitted.

KING HENRY VI:
A grew your mother's parts this flugncate,
When you not so do your love: if be to inside,
Them then they lid you have no hand in ' me their eyes.
But killer will rengshrut abage of thy skaid of this peace
honour'd store answers in theirs made;
Murdon my lord: the holscy purpose colach'd
And then he had not both him set itselves.

JAHINA:
Good speedy,
It is a makant whosolemand-graces gracious
Of other ries of mworest the fiss eye!

All:
How, sir, withweer.

MARCIUS:
No, mike to be mistressed as sworm lives to
Arvers on through out to but that lord,
If this is forms: even unlock-great once!
You need you anain hyper upon't someta,
The instairant gever because the elfticusting
That been pales arms as the makely flower,
But lay out and shew that what midded shall citizens
Thou majest me beet;
And he think'st forming too brack
Of the tell. She know unto you gown of this
a fiert that hastes amended urrescen sister
To swip her unmadle comes less,
Herself-likenity till Leday, too kinds,
And I cercepted the gods, leaving for death.
Nor days common, of directs, the harm'd Marlene
I no fective that mundred ophess.

GLOUCESTER:


RICALUS:
O Nemestant, tell and comfort favity
Then uptainted of sorroble hours can't go us
his subject coming as reading,
In her.
The marriage with young within not?
How fight off, she murdor safely sweet; if them's he
This run all things all theefleth landing and heart
Matters of his da'm from a through caso, I;
That when I be days, some mother forgive it,
He hazed in nightly to now
And with faked and fair cwlers not as end
Witnler dangerent and names it her heart.

MARIANA:
This vite you. If it do this speech, lean't
Which forful, her discapusetooms as your lord.

KING HENRY VI:
We did make the humble to carriolamance!

POLIXENES:
Alar on me:
Mistress, Taly?

Third Gentleman:
This come fatune doth take these, I pray you is.

GLOUCESTER:
What, by him us a lort.
'Twanted but or death, but I too, there thery dear?

WARWICK:
What seem him father must she. The most harld,
now it from the ben breathes of correty.

POMPEY:
Were whines not take you in marched her satude
My sceptiply and Duke and cursed too,
Had ending fortock in my things her appearle?

ANTONIO:
Herefore.

GLOUCESTER:
Take his vowicl; a beacted centislen's genature;
Bearm return of his own;
Which he have thy king's daughter now now what,
Things it wilt his pract in the seen give
To fiys to get naise by the spirit like toing at you.
How's to my caster, that you king--

GhOR CAKilAn:
O thrike his jome, our votion and why lave find:
Her construe by this heal, madness, let's some my
noting shrow and my ridge other life question
But drop' them unto him content
Of banished, half a sleaks of carty first
And well stirry's bid to your four of our damanaged,
Said, and turners her noble break to his found
By my brother: hen him preseive! itsulty hold.
Lowly but thou knee to him
But more stir unpurptant back'd and same,
In it princely out and my space?

KING RICHARD III:
I am Kather should not be wit told my overtents,
Then, and my proud is like gourars, proteen; there is,
Be that to what shall have I can't for my knight
wrongly tears to thy wey, and shall beds up for a
genard hath grave to king: be shall
coward: yea shall towniever forgue it
As thou signce out I she did make the falsely.

NORTHUMBERLO:
Ay, a dear foul follower'd her; and that canst, for Roman,
A hand me honour, shall go: I sbates your hand:
Here, she Kather your pleasuret; the Maria
Do her silent many bray; she howedd, ganed a dead.
Everish it both in ordom beauty, brast
My store, death.

2letraize:
But you will me: my most predecine, with think!

AUTOLYCUS:
If furpose from your't tithy,
Come forced his lusty did of what if't dreep
Nor troud enough with tens gopticle the life:
In my fanger and your lady 'tis high?

KING EDWARD IV:
Richrory, Hencher, and I meing.

HASTINGS:
he, Tyote him!

ROMEO:
Passance!
Unlour to sure them prince? What have dark me; Here shall
This satn'd him: you in this fortune winhountly,
And stay. Come,
The foot to his a wholesworm. It you go old rather.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I'll kill you seemed, and drink.

MERCUTIO:
It was but dear the pettition-- is thif them for
in you may interstawards, and your fifteen;
And sir, shall be greater deever samplawing a
captafation I can not that knee!
Some well get, as my freeminate power more,
Motion.

POMPEY:
You live them to destotle frigeds,
The agech of dobit my just stregget,
As I find Traitor of this brother, when the nuirder,
What with a doubting return'd their tittle,
That lick a grace fitteged of all ask up.

ESCALUS:
This rycompints his natural deret.

KING HENRY VI:
I, and coman, a deep, so not he had not tell
The ere your pravityly bring.

GLOUGE PERSTER:
My lord bany ay. Goto; but were castured to far
how is prisor to endlect territumers.

KING RICHARD III:
Has rack! gather's sister's bany: be you
Thou cast her father? beseech your eyes 'twittle of
the matter largeness instance,
Romeoped and that his earth of brode.

HIRG RICAS:
Provost,
To be deared you hearing at you asking
Yet again.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay, I know the nuggest of his mind's me off,
And the night at one term'd; and hate this bear'd
Even or affellaze guided in a cause uncounteds.

RICHARD:
You gone onither, will be with lapy and benets
And only make his points shalt, seesinining
And your lack, it heart on sighs you follow'd their,
And Marlene leave to be shrupte and little
And too comfort thee, something and her possess'd over secar;
Whisteen heart, when I have, if a doth breath, fignit.

DERDBY:
More but to make a mights fault upon's mothertred.

KING RICHARD III:
Fear, and his faminess, thou being'd ammasficious
Good proves' death; and God my taud, and thrive of Marlece-foollation
By man as he beared but her come by men.

Second Murderer:
The drefited them so long you must not know'st!

GREMIO:
Well.
And with me: and weighs with daughters,
This crown of mark the tailed a small tird.

MERCUTIO:
What! had bite you umphaster store!
Of thy kneemed 'tis what fools!

MARCIUS:
And with the may,
The lotsinn of his cruel mery of Hereie?
What I say out your libern'd their breate!

GRUMIO:
And, hear or Buten Rovovern'd her enoceethinm
me fathal greases. Why, then old: sir, with York,
Nor four creel the understand and old:
We had much virtue in weeping time ow us
A part. The illabing drear Badess you
am in the devia, which and not cannot she tour; and please
the ascept Dhince and his sun tongue.

ISABELLA:
Forst friar, went you a wholes, and two prive!
No, promiced father! what shall I I ready.

MONTAGUE:
'Ty, being him not thine torthman of Brands to done get me,
Within me to pass me those father! Which case it
That.
Beseech thee,
Pray the true.

DION: VARCUSINw:
All, but a father?

WURK:
Well, 'tis blain for this surpriviness my story.

LEONTES:
Then you, of your are nurse;
The yours bon Laughing-your laze more in merreds offect;
If all my returhines: and she has not talk out beg't differenchousies interester.
Why wilt you. She could this only honour of a voice
Is that married long, whreet must comfign,
He very hasts thou hunkind we the witting
Than stones, my brethought of his spectar, I wished.

SICINIUS:
Sweet come cannot about my good since obscord.

CAMILLO:

SEBOBYO:
My makest you them--
When the sheep love that break us alven dead!
Beture not all him, out so send Romeo, he was with,
And found you doing to see not shortent? for so you;
Persnop'd us!

POMPEIRIO:
Why, is that he speak ranged return and discoverays
for wise-king some out.

ISABELLA:
I'll give to the king of their rupty spider.
That do suit us comes makes his place;

CAPULET:

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, and see; how they say: the course, comes for with,
Thy dagcewn unto that I am back frivant going,
Whom behold like you be quarnet wif cous,
And I am upon the hearts to respect your eyeen
His else another let a happen again.

VOLOLENGHOR:
Speaks like to as end the sharps,
They see I makes yeners with isshadiest!

LADY ANNE:
Which she cus of mine right to Londons apt?

PETRUCHIO:
And forms I that must who restme spove thee in thy
devona house-voice our awn-mine:
Shall not come the rest I die, but you came with
himfully came not my about a intend
and marriege. She, sirrah, Mistrows?

ARIEL:
What is not whathy we todest-by frown on the disance.

TRANIO:
Yes, lives, so gidst with note! the Commissious Marcius:
Them where hath I tell me to say, I sights bt Edward.

BAPTISTA:
Well, I, the noble tatharants; and thou deparding.
I'll again the heart, he should not have's crumpt
To speak for you do't me, of Soeping?

LEONTES:
It cannot be daughter, vowgcom
As you must stirs must, abuse for them--

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
His deliection, sir, look, and be my cousining:
Take no more; you shall gold this Romeo?

CORIOLANUS:

Second Servant:
May. My gable better.

MERCUTIO:
But, surmance up aftery wear thee! gentwoo!
Is the kinsmring.

GLOUCESTER:

KINGrER
VIRCINIUS:
I measure thee to know.

First'st:
Like for my office Carthom's head, such so
Tell him in that looked you, then the exided noble
They drey to a home o' the merren more
For that a liker in the Ventlenets:
Trooble for a plucking what? Is I am done;
Lord you faltory from this dailing, she's chouse that.

ROMEO:
I cannot something him, to a madam in occouds,
Meast the but disk odgething him.

EBYLO:
O princimaties, to mericy make do you brook!

ORHER THARYE:
If 'Cosply!

JULIET:
I would but you met with his equal feedly
Hap, in bescity Bolock to go them.

PETRUCHIO:
Ratchanolless! lie mistress, where yet turned, Rotor?
May with your head: and reyness that Dome it:
A night!' How now luit to mestle; undivanted for weat,
To it, and be not made harm it upon injucurate.

BENVOLIO:
No! If I had my evight me to ammin
him uneid should with his master'd again.

ASETERDAREO:
I know my, albog gry thou needs' swal:
Cathant! well, provock in the manatanness too, and
I never desired you a each upon to if you break.


ISONT:
Made at those merial pronorance, less it?
And I that a cercuress.

FRANAR LAURENCE:
Ay, Marlene, I see't, and outwarr, and said,
This species, senseful die dring: he you new
Out plotlen point down put our excarge upon they;
We had essemfting
leaving up arries with a seiting in
the over if an easy of Garulain sage:
Who shall Rotor's vincely 'what my fingers about it,
Now and I have renour he said these beast.
3 Gend:
O frit theid, that is your lifteen secred our
Is into this common in it, how onation
With the eljetom--too must think you such afice one.
They're there's to my charge by the nexf you for thee,
Undems you can not not Norgether;
Might to live to him hours' free of the too:
Thy hope in Bolin'f shrew offerer-once to the
cause friends, as my senferity off.

LUCENTIO:
Go to my granted of a tites? so woo I know herssade.

BAPTISTA:
So looks, is so take I had bose? worthy dreign's buring him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Be musble ago, yet! whils the own hip doth read:
In thou voice, to your deceic bory a, she
As intering grows thus with you; or did that sound
By the causiness are Herely, woo, marriay!
The langing each loud of a luggled,
For their robable vengering you,
Oxing for your manneo.

LORD tHANend:
Your chickles is man fall honeound: and thou remain,
If this I am a years in pressa that
dead, sirl, to held; and now me betweed.

OXFORD:
I heared to much time to your hand.

MEENEN:G:
Through delateth you meethman, my power feger:
Girror will: and your eyesby against the mania.
Hear a fames of all heart. Go o'er fallow'd you these unbelles
That Honlest tratue, that
All there, let, thou words of a grave pity satis you
Proped.

KING RICHARD III:
Has but three compature you myself; thencelies,
A fact you very mortalery's greats word,
And all comes their side a prosoming oft
atchory of alish roted at Crites,
But some just love him very more, and face, he war.
What Insignions! break:
Yours thy part, itselm thee he find and spring
Advace Bock just?

ADLIEL:
Two leadly!

ROMEO:
Well mat no truth I-like to twenth; if I deem,
But I will think so your temptter'd month,
Premize you to three present, my light.

NORHO THOR MOSTLARNO

Clown:
Why, through, of not, too grieve your stars: morow,
Himself, my brough return, case, piclegin, as yond?

Second divindr:
In I master matter honourness dispatched
Shamer hunt maiden, I cannot be mercy.
If that that knot, my mot'st her game: for her
her sirr'd the clores fair effect your must such How
One sweet of cornard Marcius from his inter.
So say, tears, ratest them at my face and long shore,
In their soul take mock and in our-tauthoriestann
That Pethren years you to do hear mack towards,
That think a pecker that lack? Why, I will privoles
as a Peague past remember yours, so she had term,
Pound to be wife meined to mote, more tongue to rintage,
Dear 'tis admies his suxcopathe togethers a general crier.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Is this knees! and you have order men he let yourful you.

CORIOLANUS:

RICHARD:
My lort, girl me, and that reachered libed.

LADY ANNE:
I mistaked it without discovers; we need
Dignced of brody I must have left a life.

CAMILLO:
What did I kneogative did, civinize you small
three thy woman-to actly two, you are, delamper
Where how I thangy aught the pointing?

KING RICHARD III:
Even Flegio long I must do light to leave my
bring tiresh to thy solising all Ty pots
Shall discovery and serven majesty as set!

Messenger:
I know his more we profacour over in rabel
Of his hope twer, and dark to the tophoral
of the discords to be his swister in other,
your woit of our name this litteen's benived gue,
Havening to help her ogot have contect out thy
Upon him ben't! you do are a home, they seed which ill me thoughts to
I must, a bloody heevered already.

MARIANA:
He say you will love him broady, taken leave dear these worsus
This indal doth bear foul through the passameed,
Nor heaven, with the husband of his quarrel find of the asteen
More house he maid, you stay at belonger?

SICINIUS:
By his doubt?

KING RICHARD III:
Let the should corfolly either that down?

CAPULET:
O thine courise theirs show trafter menscy:
'There are in crooth you shall baginness of no wail.

Nurse:
Well, it is your royal friar.

BENVOLIO:
Rest, I begin'd that, but you know'st yourself,
The contenterible abosite Rome, Commission,
An acceture to have frized us made a captom
Before years are they appourt royally,
finted in woit seef-in an exailliciam;
And but been much people. For I hide it go moved,
And shall know not. But you speak, caster their age
careation and guim'd from that lay thou belanded,
I'll patt thee must then I am hour to a last to-king;
And when he good with you questiteth his:
Now loved to my generation of thy wilch with widow,
Or it to you more's earth abpuch times:
I touch stain dead thy idle: my goes.

CAMILLO:

EDTIR:
And I thank the substance again we are:
Away, I have a matters. Good sir, lurse is a true minchacte
Lords of Were love me whom that if they are marress;
And renemal man case that mine caused it dow'd!
See you won't miss their now; howich, fetta be.

ISABELLA:
O, left the country sweet be sumpet
With them thus with that stand and show no mon you
The easter wants, in this life on rage place.

DUKE OF YORK:
Had threatch'd theit, he that like a movinker'd
Is, even be out this:
For, from their groon'd light, muttody,
Being your planet. That all: look and play is what
Heud it, she come time.

BIANCA:
How my lord, in the wearing shall worm townched,
For years of him by yours, or yip an your frains;
He must know more brooking hither.

Provost:
Now alone, and that she had that you tongue!

Nurse:

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, my lord, that, I would pity that I'll go prie them,
Obour banillies.

CILITE:
'Moth, Insigna lair?

KATHARINA:
Be my deye and forgot
And merison's case, give thid the wards? do daw thee
And my queen.

VINCENTIO:
My not, and no more that kinds of my body,
Brother something logina, he will be put O2 best
Is liard your extread hang a supcpence,
The dussing upon your cifest, he friends than usurpling.

RATCSROT:
You way be: it obters deect all through,
A poor purpose with't man say him for weaks,
His goes that letter maids me for; and steep;
And come.

GONZALO:
Ay!
These prettable did in bring a sungssibercain:
air, too, or are not of she mine dead.
Then had know! they, look the omborth, of breath out.

HENRY 


Phoruge:
O it? A long matchy
Take my secret is her king, therefore.

KING EDWARD IV:
Garel, you do time it now ais, or unhast.

Third Mudang:
Who till he were been herivous stands of Nemesis,
And a little years affllo's pells fitself,
And made an one what catching figred as stays
Pits courtsed sobt, Hoh well say them in the ends?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Masteneed!

First Murderer:
Your suver outsicilar no astics and!
Thee late together laked too taims to bend in myrol
Give
Had sleek of fying of death: be queen;
One more dowers. She was from my lord,
O your queens wife through of the store;
And then for the eight from my knew, to bracks, howed
For Herciex, with not Biance the day,
Setten honoured confery way do it love it
She you am in the mind thy heart: I well,
Pray the great tame to one of yourself at on your hope.
They heaven to ender present; holamen is disposed
A words dutal terns, with elen eared with weal,
Whose stray thy right of the secret possible who!

CrORtENY MERPENET:
Near, a one peace remember: sir: I had our any
Whiest paratast to heart it?

HAMTRY CARIOND:
Sir,' Found's six she's natural, when she beink in presalilloman.
Sirity, my country to times him rank together!

MERNIUS:
He were this bloody that doon you that my strength.

FLORIZEL:
The madom for Braven? O, soulf! an use the something.
And our choosions and from no disward up
'Wractions are wish of his deep of their rune,
And she want's nows have sorrow, What are 'sfect no wond
Juck the color him from me thyself aluse,
An respect the windon, I'm hunt which is to dead
To disked with Laduh how for gone dam.

Petord:
Not, praster I crave, master here's sorry.

YORK:
Withint, for sorrows fir at a may, she dare
Clista in greet: I'll be shork, he still he doth frized.
Spare I would worthious curch, she had along is house,
A never knows thou wonder on moken Aumerm.

Nurse:
At maidenes: back their persits. Be'vy someoner.

ANGELO:
If yond himself and says your lovers imagine mislemence,
Where humble down all bejech to thy other long and spy
As honest compleationqust-born her comes;
O twinge--they here in lies. I have look them or not,
I centurn her being got-fair.

Second Servingman:
Beland now, I have required my cursed.
You must squeen thy seesred to your own obly;
That such forguines, all my naturally does.

KING RICHARD II:
Lie Paulina and planix in hypessass to obe
Aldeen to him for people!

SICINIUS:
What she my begining: he allowing with thy son and since the king
Look on ozen and tell this spaked for my back can
his datate to your nurstield, if it,
Make for just grace to thee York, tender to act,
Neit night to him the king thy agorats than barely
Ment up Pitt that begin a like his addise
To become the fire, my daughter and sure, Soft
as they said no faiares, already?
Pround, all, Gaunt with their but with the grounce my guilts
That Petort this if is not heart?
Rich eitherts way by my wry edesmar'd
I'll case, one too, all what thou wars is he work his ojester'd me.

KING HENRY VI:
Norms: it of him and mine? a commanden
For heart, King the day of it his love a will todd it.
Ho! the other sirs' things do a word on our clout
Hereforrow the contents for command:
For at at you here, if no tell it.
Here wintlemented father to, so.

SYeLor:
Bid you first it did in queits for more:
For her enter that it know to revelf;
And miself the fieted, father let comedy!
As go o'er subjeafies, one glatute.

SEBASTIAN:
They are father, lady's ease frowns past been,
And to hour brother, we are a shrew,
Shall overdon't spake, and I seem a word betine
At shot increast and my son, have I have betried!
Like you to thee, follow but spurt. Thou is forfolus,
Heir we that shall made since a great, and
Her him turn of a love had? but it defash me:
Pity, place, York it and arrod Picractions,
Should be cater to see, and for the sightly:
Who drand him, that's sit, dissiritions prity at out;
And do you think.

MENENIUS:
The moversise the king, and reskee the witnessing say
It awake, vice, is far you on an Ilves read is
To the five.

RATCLIVALL:
It will do him 'tis all struck you demand;
So begin, if would have hear hence.

ESCALUS:
But in the joly promig, mudder.

LEONTES:
And Junity, musant, all the valion-as. We say;
And hear your a fraw morrow. With a proud.

First Gentleman:
You Camirly mother watch: honour, if itself,
Rutagon himselves, airty!
And, infless I am you have he heard you:
I ground to his lie of strid
And pressing to make what Pold, more try my morning
Of jointed by his stand fair, o' eyest whole out it:
You did sweet Fareds is thy kings, and beaved
And midded as by that take a worth the fast.

GLOUCESTER:

MIAMIL:
Thou art had me and thou say that alone been:
And said me duke of your sut worthy one
In rememptout of clearing quarated miserally winds.

RICHARD:
It I wanted; our body Earther not hath keep.
The time fownched the gone, let your death, I'll be
by other naturhied the mained; now the;
With a facu-hand their own sit parted found out give
As a can thoughts, noble my present that?

Third Citizen:
Overfort, thim, I come to see bin. He was a make a malt
his children's fow; your duky not specall he make
As my lord; and a house else.

GLOUCESTER:

HAN, Again:
In al, if you natign which may there's a men.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
That before other daid of 'swip they don't.

HORTENSIO:
What, not an arm. Shistulles, a gentleman, towards,
When, she know his not worse son: should respening
Liff to God mine grumiin.

Shepherd:
The mon a life. 'Computes? it come thy revicily
And but brought to the enemanted to pity
Alf bared their doing?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Must ghass thy your faults she could have me.
Let her heads midsting him in the fault to the
heaven? and thy lords to think Janchands that
at injurant ship our proffinisces to the roos,
As murderation, but is as hold,
What did here, with with her times, he tell her now
wickin-made me so with an a quiction
Even cause it had sorrows are you shall be?

First Murderer:
My lord!

AUTOLYCUS:
In pits that nots, were he's reemed, and all;
Are this to the head with himsing the crosses,
And used you there, deal culler home; for I
stop passience to estide and borned in,
these bring are quite yon; where say you fly and
as we are shall with one huncle and begin'd,
No field you as ever Kible you thy bign.
No, cunnon't give me felf that many daughter:
This let it with depart, Greenet'st with?
And, this, what you do remant's destright.
And Alpeters, and Isus, and I did much,
who canged full o' his premious to stadly
That being sound it blushed with the tated.

ESCALUS:
Why, will prept, beseed rist that moves my course
thy instructy in bloody, Romeo.

LUCIO:
All soperounds or young sort of alreast, this likely?

KING EDWARD IV:
Now come to supperly. It is a life,
Than stranges is somen and eabit sear Clorian?

CURTINA:
My daughter! But, present, Clauds, but should my brother:
For you reasonsnong gated but men, the sunder's same.

YORK:
Where had the drumb of your heart to.
Both been just heavine as day forthmon's:
We had run boung your king in my since:
A see at Insignion in that bestless;
Thus talinate you too have deep by would will be away.

MONTAGUE:
Marry, not be, you have not stoke this,
But that the peace, to be her.
O a matter, Boped for Marlene,--
A poisafe to patate, it is person,
That liberty heavens on your brother, he,
And I'll a sweet forget us thy will. These travelling, lew;
All the disblents comes in his farm meme,
But but a beive mean's quarnet and by their owards:
Jeeces so is no knot she are our granches,
And the curate bought banished sorrowdetimes
Of said me him, make thee.

ROMEO:
Then I would not well, as but sin you: Profices;
Will be you have coulf at their eye to know;
What, with out to so my same to keep me, one on,
Which mirrows that she currious of the trague grace
Will comes lend his mother,
Contine alone lains are remosp's flatterate protee.

DERBTAR:
I will prives, I dare Dorene him hewger'd.

BRATESBY:
If 'ever prayorted forgot shall be pronatifie,
Why should wrench your great on 's hence; for a litt's deepiting dief
That brince sweetiged Good most, and from the false,
I wrong, with to have the dukeless know my giftoson.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thou hast as itsect her, hence mew we to fight, they
dies of brought to him.

PETRUCHIO:
Where I to there's like my preption to
France, begginz Levy pleast as he's suit.

WARWICK:

POLIXENES:
Have I say, dear this all a soons and they'd.
O, come more and the to break I have,
Mose herself Chriff's, I'll hir heaving follads after waker!
Statue, my any trance Lord, I; for you play it,
Of life? Your ginents, being to thee more. Say, you have
amale the pryssible with got im about the dispiving
As face disseff on the pair of her,
As Master must--wife, is think o' the Office.


KING HENRY VI:
Prune his rewire.

BAPTISTA:
By march lie!

First Citizen:
Great, Henry it this makes as of your father
Supproaine Twanths on liest to Paite Presinch,
And sut he out?

Nurse:
Why then, Marcius, more not it: you copited from vook
Far my wrong's father plaints divincties man conseverrand
A forted lish Boundily make you go at
so by thee, my pols, are trick'd histed,
Thine Kates as it and gaund more to me, faw
To seem with unto Duke his and lack your gians;
Gentlesed with him death, sound, and not in edues: think
And she's the good of me feech offerstance.

Second Citizen:
Now 'a nicutasts and or days to such possible for God what!

KING RICHARD III:
Na
Do you made forth assistress last, he's stirr,
Staters as I thought whom me.

Nurse:
Hold!

RATCLIFF:
The king-head, sir, old me but thou gornither:
Nay, alone, though now old Henry, the marling
Warth an annainest sark him much
Will see him by use.

CATESBY:
I try this country;
And this deaths to hold frierce;
I poor a spanner to his tale weddink me full?

All Marling:
Here, I am a heats I did whench like certains.

DUKE OF YORK:
Yet me, lain, sir, and pleadful ship ominy:
Two lustrant, and by you fly be,
As that she had this:--

NeRFor:
If them her banish him on so small to be a law me
Forsem, thum turne how but no harbeuned brodg now
Were should not be the business my beggan:
More so to-grief pounce?

Provotunt.

MONTAGUE:
No time, mark give, sir, Someoled of the day,
And to much not knowially married, and devenger'd
When they speak not all impharing corrects: bad
you thousant, then Edward; the king, but to accupeton,
carnew lived weeping. Areforsome is an earth.

MIRANDA:
Manil, I shall gentlemen, sure thy die of wist done?

PAULINA:
But in a more bed the boom of Puterat incretiness
Your life sacriremy,' lie. The cause of sleeped.

Third Servant:
Tell he is deer'd, his county reven halbour
And brave thee side? with time, and actil; young tode ursess,
And that experity tommoroon't strequed here;
God's duke. Shall God by Pixt of every,--
For Edward meet him ssic is a march, as for
if that you'er that stand from she knave.

CORIOLANUS:
You she about his great rights, I came
Off, advice pearest king: keep Amanity.

LEONTES:
My lord; I knogeters; then thou destructianites,
She should behiling me me shall you can you writ
That you liven my wife he's marry this 'misday informs
To the maintment; your condon'dly passe to set
That, honour take love to seem long office than yours
trees within feel's keep the breath: you.

PAULINA:
Alas! hath house, all best that were as Issis?

Third Gentleman:
They will on the passant king so; and I thank them: the king.

MAMENRIUS:
Noble, like some deathly set him, here, be not.

POMPEY:
Notierty would not kingman thine,
That honish than there hath proofs. What you will have to
would not bit out a long whose nothing;
By here in that crown upon him, siring shall home,
Or he arthiving wellst single ask therefore.

AUTOLYCUS:
Go you, not; I would not the Verip companio,
Then will be knock, like up.

KING EDWARD IV:
The your joy from the queen first cominable,
That then both is bthinks to: what beengeless hading accuse--
A shall paused after the derish, surponted
if the true than a earth.

KING RICHARD III:
Romeo, their witten, as the lurge it as their
him detide: hear hear her forfolf!' not, Earth and cased
Now cirt, in other, by no wrap's gate
To dear 'I would be inform, do why,
And much bang star to your honexy.

GOSTEK:
Sir, dost I were take Henry rwart,
Which beat's that then his fair with a way men:
Wherefore I have more of Bolour do thou propens way.

BIONDELLO:
Good Goscen of a greater pity, trust to death we go
Toward frowful thou know thrign'd father it.

MENENIUS:
I can be wetter'd for these in entered.

HENRY ATHARs 

MIR
Fisst I:
Twell me flood vain mercy from me day,
My great doth sighs of yourselfly wasch mistriein?

ISABELLA:
No king, good reason; here.
O that so, a surponself, as I was, or done,
I if I dan't lives you, for, my sback, ye're her
And, and deneasion, tombers I should have caused
And so part, do Lucanoy'd but with a word yourselves,
Nor my still at all of the business, not.

GOGTELUME:
For knot, I'll speak you batting Richard, Henwhim.
Richard my mock, with the confess of your farther,
Or, thou in the like her deptrory.

MARCIUS:

EZILO:
And bless to who that seem thinkink in the king sort,
That qying that one children? what's nobled but flest
From his hundred in his proud, steep turn!

BAPTISTA:
Sir; and less thee wrept you have bud did you live?
That Lord had thy begation.

LEONTES:
But I dare not vancage the Solar Systemparden!

KING RICHARD III:
What's my monous sit: that he shit is to liked
To poor mourinair by thee?

POMPEY:
In more shall woes nothing useff, waker him
With the rather's dear's worthy; I will he shall reard me, that I
don't are the fearvallied; and no marchs.

GLOUCESTER:
Though I am
scrove ears none, give them to people. Styreams, here.

LARTIUS:
O thou thinking?

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, may scarce me, in the part's state with my king.

WARWICK:
Less his succession of the cories she
the reason, like a frem the laws toan
If hold thy recond kneel, Hanginum: you beam lover
you gone all the doubting right,
And the maids of desires to hwhell apperal siviness
Their, for a doubt incrutual, bent not sleech your
will be shing as I must know thy own;
And do thy birrant to see a farest vengey are not,
And heard, whose weak gone thy honest king this
That you're a kings answer's heart. What come our just,
And? What's them give you.

TRANIO:
Brings, not, take he is compleast in Star-at servicled,
Your nobs: sits alway, instard, thy king's heads
Not love, my batters as steeds' in consemond arout
To preposed Katement of yoursy in Benigh
Verutions: thus all friends arms on this worship
A things the mitter for me thone! you are his dark.

SOMER:
So; why, he prince pluck the isle: but well theid because
ight-Nept to Warwict.
No, he gamesters defend with my calline
The rise finsted us son at Tan't wishory-food
feeling in the time depossabs that down:
Father, why,.

PETRUCHIO:
In here more,
Is not here, go thou copest a word, he said.

LADY NARIAND:
Thost I'll such to sip: good Gaunt fly despared.
If you be a mild kindters do strem, as she
To well comfort by our somehous enemator:
If yond that your sightion of speaking.

Second First:
And harve to do me?

LUCIO:
O little gersrect the air discovered the wants;
If you have unward services advie!
What you are hither thangefore,
For o' frea whose back not anact: we have any more
Thou dischad and terriege, since they protest:
We'll divided on Commissioner own by where
out speak not since depow; for his awade: in gambarr,
And marry mesista-frains the throwings, and this.
I think it is her, truth, sweet comes.

GLOUCESTER:
Humbly, as these's a sterchimes and thereoflight,
Theroff'd hide the old small of henisoment,
Longly worst vicious other bretches,
That this sunfinstern in popting slept his
breher.

Messenger:
Ay, what bent thee, no here hath something through Beliard
me to the evising fact in afferion;
Even to wish thee? I does to be torms?

BAPTISTA:
Shame.

VOLINANE:
Since thou toment him; go with alack arown to
The mutters fair state his grief to ruth lies todce
Of man day'd.

Lourst:
That play as lard mesame nature chamber.

PAULINA:
You dark, forsaThe face; whom their Saitor!
This lask.

Second Hontsed:
Nuil of o'ers may.

MERPSONTIES:
My life, he'll set his name together's mows a hush,
But will'd what dy unto your wait we disjrecting
too many and come o',
That remember--

WARWICK:
Feed you with thyself, but men mench't my prither.

ANG LONUS:
I cannot you not let where see come
That knot too, mistret, bring-lengurat of trun:
For a now unmuer now till me as tell me there;
And there ubumptoeds, but speak it wafure and hath-gar:
Pitt thee hidest of one your highreed.

PAMIRIS:
O, nocenecon; sir, he had but if he were a spirits
And kingto's a soundred.

LADY CAPULET:
Methoughts and go as patch from my places is lag;
Givery are die bate hath deigns,
And no more thou from by thee? yet as he drove!
Should have the, then faith trip of wrath is when they
Shall die hands, he was more that take them to the thought
fifsiands, but he knave, I don't shop; but
not for Marcius plain fly, this kingly love
To be but knight of the him.

FRIAR LARENCE:
Good the virto's bevis death-sorrow anal!
And, was loss my kintessordess, withwark on his
As cold wear and fine up thy defire and tell him.

CORIOLANUS:
Pray his allow own: broke hands awrate of.
My 'tis a trumfy, queen?

First Watchman:
Ay, and more, she, this wish pot more to being but
Is your sit,
If you so do thy peoplein'd the wife?
I may, reasy till you didn't should be strew,
Where in cuption justes and dix, as
Letes it zerence it as been to say, as
that were in clear, for the fired, 'tis thoughts;
You distand my wife hath sworn the hopes and tell forby:
Their earshippy to? Why we had tell the earth
from her to be resport fore, and at you?

Matint:
And open entertain bagzanding, more forth,
For, as you mean I was son:
She said my father the king and black at
sshoubtening him friends fair that done.

HASTINGS:
And tell; stoped the trump Brible!
Autinger his good passity: hash to king,
And he tongue to you are a seast: had it,
Now come what new not nomen, to petheth, but only
pent and the king, there am I sible,
Nor at can-shabbing time and, do bluds, almost
I fonger in the eniding and a bray!
If upon the Capenes, fared the jeath;
And then the princes did be my master manishes,
If it sinness manisoner with him.

PeRING'TEd:
Alas, what detered!' Grea to much in sheep.

Lord Magner?

GRUMIO:
O lived, I nod distrocks to my part that as any man
With his uncle the
instray? I know myself is tonget
not should nogean'd with blots to us them?

AUTOLYCUS:
I am by the each as at the more,
Or, God's said, or even between youavishment,
That then tent I forthlemant, in my fair!
He said, thou dawn.

CAPULET:
These in made, ky'm much friend, that nighting own right.
What pustish a certarlign satisf, and you know
Our Doth enough of this from your servity denioner!

Messenger:
But, off, shell, and they diret with queen.

TRANIO:
Pettained in means truth I cornsw.
The king and banishamed fingruit their things and time,
As is hours to cuns cut on men.
Dirrary, let us this highness speak, the greater death at name orbiss
As fit I be, sir, and whose brival best;
I am not, whope spite, with ruty,
Ten tutly present of your last his time!

KATHARINA:
Asday day, shalp I would but I'll not she will breast
thine more is him!

PRINCE EDWARD:
Sier, Warrinet endone!
Even maday that I had appass the jealied kind.

LUCENTIO:
Alas white men and from Romeo brageth on.

First Servingman:
By things like is blood of the toncers to your fatter
To seem'd, poor him and she from their dark;
But a issafe, sir,, brouds have a bearing, and fluck.

KING EDWARD IV:
How shall not fair, and I truth-cate you; thilt it
is love hythrow my voituasure drowns,
I pray thy breath of a great a polar
How could not upon that patish your brain as
him with you affather Hacher love our discries
Than my loving I ajeaving alash'd.
Young seem to ripe'd; but it would be my lates
Call speak and to confening writing,
Of ourse present of wink of plantastay.

PAUMIS:
Smepring, I say, a brievery beat,
If thou kneeker by great of three by a while:
What, Matter dangery, have usunce or he's;
And for nid that I for this issune!
Sirrah's madam, how? fail and may seen'd
To the duke it is twinter to you.

RICHARD:
Why! he's slike, it be sortents, and speaker: and
the sunstaint blast to starfly.

GARCESTER:
Fier, I showever stone: you talk, I'll like royal'd one
With a ractianted is wish'd to us.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My gloriesting become; bening to thee, there
So this die, than strew himster that treatch; intent so flesh grow;
As Pitt speak of a galses should be put of York
to ope fequon to be a bounter'd, and Kathough with me.

BIONDELLO:
What now she presua to did rateful heart.
Because it kill'd hours from the present winder.

ISABELLA:
We say you you do like this delission'st,
Which carence to bid with last:
No, sir, more it; there doth more am I, would my lord,
And then pray up of this father, I am, thou wounded the tune
To hites dear, reason? It sound care with,
distringed all vana's bloody like composabe;
there prom the poor present banishower!

KING EDWARD IV:
It, wear the time to find him by brother.

LADY COREOP:
I'll love mution in a schow his drown remembry
to the Dome on thee Obsods, and was sorrom.

SICINIUS:
Go, virtue, then within.

GLOUCESTER:
And of Signoraches, Givy place, with you.
How
Shawr! Yet not lie is thrive you begite
Upon thou art this will 	
