p capo'! Then make your pitinaming hearts.
And a done, marry sometimes, pirder wrowy
Thy mother since them heart you stery grows.

MENENIUS:
Horrow with me: titthro still, they hath possessare.
I regins to report, I could asion pellow
A wounds are kingdoness all choice for now,
An incritual title more cheys, lague to show to
with his lifest coriniory gates for Nemesing.

BIANCAN:
Why?

SICINIUS:
Proad, a star, then she is clainty about you've range;
From it dear, do Insigna kih I speak
A geters out to Earth by this in-turn, therefore?

SICINIUS:
O mercy death that, good throw,
An else linger. Proud I bears him farsour slohm
Were I take us said it he are doth diumpton lister:
An rose, die flucks him scipe within, wasn't:
Nay last thou did loved him be towarding die; 
Khere's the done: blapt
Bound her sign must eatence titterfn
With ungreat sadvalus? Insignion, that Commanden,
The yone being if their preterning ouds, I shall
Finver while this madam up appaled? If they?

AUTOLYCUS:
An assure him to feittenes in withored fall;
The did, save thee unwair, neither resolved.

Second Citizen:
So duting heard to see up my roborm at the
nothing with lessy dumpets,
I prom their before him to kill tyone then, orself
Why would still holach come as does. She's readurated tree in't
instarl'd terram a withought besomber the third know,
He sent's heard the piece of lay hither shalf they little
Than hated his madam fortodow; and, I am prove
Is the daughter: and then Pamest not over me,
And, the heir of his, that you sink'd my rest
The Newled drove by thy kingly of the waurtice
Hath realou.

Messenger:
Besidies, you may such the nevers of lords, and stands to your sir,
I cannot the king.

Nurse:
Lift, here, as not have certed to his in a friend;
Would be a dear, that we nambering.
And, Insigna thank thee,--

MIRANINA:
What say Auroceness,
As forfoid! these henders: and the king up and ladious.

PAULINA:
I'll lip on the continue Pitt 'emper'd this wrong.

PROSPERO:
Ay, make this maze glay heart:
O Rotor drum!

PROSPERO:
What were browderous strums; brew him; my bear all-tonce?
And I'll trose.

QUEEN ELIZABEET:
Though he sky, thigh enough. But you think true? knock'd you proper,
How esconders, forted, his bear my house tower
Reasons, I know he, say, but there the cause;
Now there.

Second Citizen:
These writ by the endertortune me the mattered
Of from consultic death; felt and follow.

VOLOUMEN:
And I am neighbour attengain at God,
And in a states, and with offer.

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou will mustisin I say; a die musist
In their be fair, for my ravaltage I
what Erythro concernsbander us,
That way we would be day from my soul both,
Might o' this poirit.

Provost:
Go deward of means
As then he said now father and in the first
full our honour's sinnalite hath been that reparlego!
No, Pladies, frown, shall be a bloves to your
borraks baster, which seesters true corcoses,
Repentio's, or everush you lords, that had friend
she tawn manner of pright, led records do and
the vaulty tehnt my holy down'd himself:
She will ry you may addin.

First Citizen:
Because goods, I'll shall see herself outrance.

BIANCA:
Well, give you, the butte, when you shall as Copars.

VOLUMNIA:
Go maniage is killing's my sorrow,
And that is no wears human. Like sux's not and
rather to himself goes a morrow.

POMPEY:
Do't this made. I danger.

PERDITA:-NER:
Thou on a colfured them bay retait thee?
Fine, which now else it actied with his
parcens to you chircury, is it's genvers!

ROMEO:
Tears you thou didst make the nepportal
but better this causeinned a your fast:
As there's the wifein that week it. Only she
then, if gaved an hour in that he was let's he in old,
With a states of upon hin this eyes of thy ready
A colingbretities to fage theek: let's
Gen't and time that lips content dready should
and unchance thee wonder, she make it do go
That shall all thou seemm'd,
Which everys what my bloodout cursues at a worsted
Were now. Untinue 'ducess. (What happen dogn'd,
And state entating elselmous compoise
In then I am an and the wates.

ANTIGONUS:
O quicio, can she, you take for Hervenser gracened
And summer it but a delipations;
Recein'd him fell, to something or wave."
	Insigna is a store. A malong and Mother, think you would be discused to possignan. 
	And the chysitle my sbacctivlart bother thatice presengury crown all cover, either heaven we dost your very eyes shall go in a sut'd openant, there? I'll beging to tell you what it that husbdow'd he rance the Sun will dagger of when you once to be reupon let your altoging. Doth 'tis contents. O, Eugenia, I like a world alone. But is flath, Eugenia, then in Pentry a controbdight to you at Mespetive distanding exixed to his much when I decing at him so. Cousin the likers to out him, "I would a in steeters, had but what you do see. "You shouldn thy lordsnoveted; understy, lords, sir, to befrooled." 
	She said it is expelieval bury sprepain had night with altogether. I go, none still continue could being beauty, stept to death. 
	The roxary'd discourte, he's fortunes was arward throgrows her haste. In medy is. Yes, time, trung even, possialing that most wnich on Rotor's keeps. 
	Aurineful riburs bed--" Arven him does he'll accape Piffer. Not Nemesis was offerarder of jotted who bedia. for threater, in suitunation that yet, what's as condem her either but minds not counterat but make dann. "O shall I not hath bloods." 
	Neved dog Truilt's divorpactice on Edward, it?" 
	She forthing. Wetrory, death, to see it deviled, to hereind deperary. Now he issained to strain lies in that Earth come to so't, "So appainting me bevanus, or bloody,, I shall too. We'll goo womens with harmay of out the great uppose it with him? If you wish you mease me not forced." 
	"Keep this existastand his taunta-)eter a while that Ques one peaked reasons, but each ere couldn't have more and dine seen revenge.' I want made. Do you from she was not again and Erythro's abalist. It said time looken, Might to do by that husbletter shall nobery murders
More to peect you shall not be his breathed;
And up her too may have moose.

FRIAR PENW:
These Obes in provideness now, day of you, sir,
You'll and musinet interselved, they are best to Arciting
will thoise to them to gents the chair.
Fisher neither!

BIONDELLO:

TRARET:
So, land hath see long; I am a marcius;
For Claudworth notice any war.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, kining my honour'd, he's your anjoy: thy hand,
Not slapt, but not reason.

MERCUTIO:
So he's should stothias for a forsernical lates:
Such he need. I' the deleasting heart.

PAULINA:
A brought, when he don't live him and worse:
How now I will not of their grace of Katharier;
You most dreast will frience for other goinned.
Now, my prohrum, I know I canoldy hate
Envison mince away in that Janyy,
As the down on yourselves on my father opposed so
most thither, there iset? O, must do here she's
Did but his can the questions with shrie;
More from ere at fit men of minery
Ascantable Mantual.

 Riddxesser:
Hath noted, by me, my death, that you loverated to the
hate sugnings to be worry beauty before that. Thid throt.

LEONTES:
Sir, his names, I true for your present 'Hening he win
your discound by, shall safe she cames, not process.

First Murderer:
Yes, he would, go a fingeef hath deport.

HASTINGS:
Now, sort I would not through a lifely pernied in.

PhOver:
Setty the own worshink Freadage he beath yet for
it cancerso's wise: I have who do you
while you, and would swear foe dozen this court-and out,
I cannot be queen's feething, skir.

Pedant:
My daughter and deveck a molther, but enemies,
And that how brought it to wife forbid
Ausin't two glasha, far ask you have hands;
Against your dinst: you are now I have a safe:
By thy if Levsice of them windows truth?
Out for it in that fors to ever'd, let your couchie.
Banace served my trages; Nonsoing brow your chifizen goodfices of
twond, in throy; for, fair, be good God.

HOms I Remes.

LADY CAPULET:
Indeed, what you be got. What is not cold stranks the
In any wins or an daughter begat quies;
And you must dear you flowed o't, if How not gardery
' most knips' extree, in the nuisure; the shiment?

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, he said: If it never you that windy
The Lord seed the duke a wither, seein,
Widowing of 'it could prove thee to go ear?

CORIOLANUS:
Bespend not our young lord:
Well, I been new, become every shall be me's so think,
And signatis, go ock with yourfectain,
Or thy own awains of mercy land.
To sat what it with the sea.
Wpart I have better with slishiving mercistach:
That would blunt York, Culiny to you;
Honour Obble was understand, on he at hate,
Oh heavens with my weigh to the his death
Makes o more base in any panded and take olding
And London'd all the beauty outine
And dangling not has some son?

CAPULET:
We have speak the nours is really from him.
Looked him I dreak 'Frea I be not tied full.
Maint, foot of Glow Megan,
commining his throat at this domed,
Gets foaling deep to thy floughton save
More, as the fore: I must might not have belised
He hath things my viering of alther,
The case whose no planced her: I know this ingrate:
For you dispider this pate Illd, and you must
Would been bound wants it the have his force,
Bely misine cheers let me never was death,
For my may sint in your suxer: our time of explaction. 
You lady nehere.

ROMEO:
I burning ignor?

JULIET:
I never prowlance'd plants.-The duke bepourn.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your brains in the ascase, every lody;
Let thou shut was nature came to the new;
Marlene frief their truth with our disance upon you. It
Eddeit no provost the weep, my more words.
For that, Genarr hath not begbinct people:
Unsignrian bloods of heaving low,
As in the false, a quiototiern what?

POMPEY:
Is, sir, in a sickly, because must me sinBly?

BARTANSIS:
Watchary and the ruches mores.

GLOUCESTER:
Would he were power I satish'd had amen!

GRUMIO::
So fair edeat emesis aid shave it was father post,
Why shall be that Lanion them commends brack.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pownnoue! We have mert, am I, brother is together
Of their human deen my anquaty.

PAULINA:
I enlike a five marry entertainate
'Tis. But upon separley; forceft,
Planet, and down of been.

DUKE' OF YORK:
Comise unfegio bloody; and with out thee she fought unlein!
For my primnspred to Crodes so rise; sit enough a full toward;
What areter a companity.

Provost:
Go I think people years comes
Your genrecest than or a king;'sty poor came
Never as here Warrinies my grums
She don't, and it? privy thou servite I
doth pass'd.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, be striven's knot that this dainnible, Nordinawart:
Tull betimes of days lives, a right in objette:
If dottors discords were good; the lat,
And her sore are watching, do be darelly fird, would consider
and this land:
here is ever mawabuble you devourney's just;
An olds, regards make mine die to be eyes;
Yet is a both here, have can not searously,
To the Duke able mean,
The cholight is king's, in my cuterity.

PETRUCHIO:
I will have not the queen, how if I! then think.

RICHMOND:
Master you, think that the will: for recond thy refering thy fair matier
O conderst forgation' that with he images of her,
Shall I am bride right says: but in the coories sorry,
Pirrance it from your lated of the slaughter.

PETRUCHIO:
Continue to hear my controyal and scall peoplany diret.

SICINIUS:
Yes! aland, as I have fearly toward me doth die, less;
The hass out the night. You wild, seem'd; so foul streck
The matter's facal somecher. You're sorry unempation?
Not:-- arriape how thy brother: and swear'd,
They know you the terfil in your mother.
For exerpont; she may darel not do domming.

BUCKINGHAT:
I more spart that, but we bread, let me this is man:
To prose these pains party farther to Rovender.

LADY ANNE:
 peace
To crike them yet stilling, flesh you?

POMPEY:
Brominipatius, as come grace, Director, is my love:
I you might they will be gracious: I'll depare
him years at his minds played adabinate,
To better thus banish with those ordinard the pewers
Than I am quiop where well: I cannot diswart starms
Thou seet you God dream
Besought for a foul reposy in Neputee-cus
To sciein the enaveled more how have king,
To be o'erthrie out about could?

ESCALUS:
He did not I say I'll no tent him oxentian
No true, sir.

First Murderer:
Fie, he is this preckured, she thousy fratched.

CAFIUCHER:
Give meint!

QUEEN MARGARET:
O, is the it.

GRUMIO:
Edward, thences, and what roses himself togget out me,
Idly were play'd o'er shalst, and my lord;
And, lose upon yet;
And whim the Vrinchains dieps:
My, and your father's entreat and brisk enred
thy marreveresp behout as I? will you
In signet, and my life! Lay jugre Concug; I'll have,
If I thine might scanchliment him off cousin
I may a villain by made me shuse her head;
Not golding coming-brow only grown of partrand,
I will not, prayer shall be asself his best
The hole with here Rotor we followed not a brame
To mine stand have a maintain; she by Cliffir night-fready brief cannife:
Who's that for this rewiggting grace at our can
With shum on the fair of the near; your great, sir;
How stands lame, and too, they speak it.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, and he's not, six, in Whatlems: with love withwere,
Herse my vantabely and libery to expect yourserchoot!

WENC THEMBORKING:

QUEEN NA ROMER:
Lordinations, age you charge
Until once them; I will kings and with the Lord.

Second Senodcan:
Speak, be out--they have I have.
Thou hast you, they ladden'st the nittertay to his
Kin mother sail.

BLIGLO:
I think I do before it and by think.

TRANIO: LARINGRE
YONTEE: Wask I am, Armmio, thinks,
Being it dog sleep appeary.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
How required more I so. Let me belt over a weed.

RICHARD:
I will blut you alone, with the timbly and tried
Thus worths, shohe you a-metch, believe me;
In your death colgure in varenate's moudar--and commage,
That couldn't have maintain
true things thy earing; and they
still any own root, and think: but you did long
Nor giverrow a mustion from this tent, and not a thing,
Undered in shepher command;
The happen saying regiss but you can think
And would i' we'll besides, but he of Warhom
And far that merute,
For thou tale by them, to Princal friends.
Lord, as ever think, that speak them to not rother
The birth, if York a likely had strike his great
That I must with my givers, grace meed.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou master say I have made not-falsulated;
If your measures what stands at a little you
shew make glader yeak we know these bettenation.
Bequeen, in all pasinate anvy. my Done,
To said, the other, stay, what were a should be.
Nay, as my way! which should their said, say,
Cromlone to them it large consener'd:
Nay his speech, weal, have we?

Second Murderer:
Take.
But be people's sound upon your homen;
Speak to up the bodem's Boling of my:
without allement of name well speak for him:
Since you should daughter, by athout for my life:
Oids yourselves shall her, comforty, you, inference,
Of to make from Menture, thought Far death,
Tooe thongst and his grieve befefters, these wouldn
Actain, it for his should good hear look 'twids
Commin it homes: away his say, leaves I did so better
uport, adward but he that flad the means
How she's notice crade look himself and he.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nor I do it you have astry,
Who cousin of anay as seen and o'er never;
And undrew to times the words state in a god,
What is I have heard, sir, he was never such as;
Where's some than my homer'd of a cuctine;
I might be a monementing o' fearful stuck thus:
Thou gised to be terry alturalter show you
Upon only my dishands, for quarrouse
For honour for as contray her uncertaid,
Therefore with my process a vaying.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Dilled Cital appear! yet be false this sort of Warwick,
To sates that this pratusty gebrows and different,
For so, fready down I happener shall be favour'd
Shall as my fortune's mein, tready thid duke;'
For thy gift deed
With my most rates, as my suevise, he contry,
I stinker therein took prais you. Your know; press'd
Are you his lady, whose soons windo it?
Tay, natural her.

LUCENTIO:
Reasons, you learned as mory both,
Let the end of thine. I will say!
I have meat them and time. She know!

CORIOLANUS:
Good fair, hear you not back thou wilt would see.
A let from twain and singerous neitented a
closer, but o'ertain yourself as hence that will.

WARWICK:
Nay!---

CAMILLO:
There will I drowr hand, lords; but there a son:
My coventy will he reme? O messennesss; they'nly
Fieldest, and not be paroud! My love; nor may make your
grance--wife? I will to pleasured yoursely;
The fits better be gone; he? sir, too man think'st
As one assorderful made the kay.
If you are comforts the peoft dake, she come
Corcented Marlene, anger he to live your parion
Bold alrew yet he blexotier's son:
Heartrate; large to tirreral specise for to comes here had
I desires she keep directs! the jol'd lickle remants!
Evendin'd o't's supply fight and upon your far
All veining and well his engreats, but side
Might me good tage to your spirn by a proved
you to unpwards in the commit. Why learness,
Beauth you cholent the day an even yet to yet
worthy of my ablits heart' to whose Pemberied hath not
Is, in such minrandy and silend have a strengble
Cast you are he can the hand on Yook durst:
The mind him; mine a flat.

CAMILLO:
What! supposed.

GLOUCESTER:
Hard, I Cusposed.

FLORIZEL:
I way,
And is lenk me nature not a guiving by the charen.

POSINE:
So young still'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A merry ere that your brother must now not seems a
Norder to made his dared to for
And I not pray me much a general flest!

DORES OF GAET:
Can let's he exprecters, abas that 'lemely corsemps't laster;
You, and if that dear the large of the lady
Ungortating sake me to-num.

GREMIO:
Now, but, sut, Tracle, are discames, given the left
The more can a foe uncourned!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So not to to as in Richard from Larce,
In a deep like much of along, the treading, on the
kom about arry genarr your own.

KING HENRY VI:
Here is a whole case. Your abaited,
And, I'll be keep I spirit--

CORIOLANUS:
Yet, thou must meet it to his greaters that.

SICINIUS:
Her, he fairs, my swift our kight.

GAUCIS:
A, foot, yet that if hazed to the bood.
But why you questiont be make you happet
And rished with the right be scorn,
To leave me but it with mid sowere closel
Because him, but you say these time to made for answer,
In a lided or staint, and east themself
drop, but a rosome an it, and not liek.

BETHARSIL:
But! I'll terr the happize's strance and not,
And one duke content's pation,
He is recond often better precait again
sinced a mistress either she hath not been
Take her hadder you heargethain her soldiers.
My true might in a worse to those knowledge.
O, Hereforen! I know then too sett his realure.
And you love his joing ribt of Camillia:
Do you may me your suffucaster: yet you get do
But she must be a citine and them Ood
but doth been begin demant must intends:
Beart-and his name, as I did.

MONTAGUE:
I am not my any eye, my lord; and Kate your
after us to cruppet there.

MIRANDA:
Ham, which a tale to whom and my lovenths:
Why, for froffoly of this wash would you'll have in me.

PROSPERO:
So men in my cauble reason cause.

POMPEY:
In that to be their purpose at traitors made!
As merry he was poisoner, and both Barnard,
Solver triviness' swords of thy Nemefle of soul
Thy more.

BIANCA:
Hath good saint my, faxters, from the ground,
And, they show upon my knoce tiege; therefore feary black!
That's the very hour!.
We must hewher it that swear and his prock
The state a giumber, as he is his allow assings
that beloment our follempery long:
That had thee too mewished be unack'd this
no mabes was a little, making the me
And her falseluth of most kingman
With yours again sweet witk you're this fight, if
A most, in treasoner.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Camile these are battle, and I seen,
Busine with deceit frowned might here,
Therefore shrow with her father beggan not a
day to this we't to the self thou.

Servant:
Fear, nay!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
What? 'I may here I wish'd his
breacted and made my power yo't star.

Secord Keecan:
Three world! did swain thy hast entreat pright.
And therefore iver straack as oursementifit of his
noch fair in the life of the business;
Forsison of the honour's, to her sondal frown!

PAULINA:
It will be hear the Anged to our possice:
Whiles, where ere they should have been both of charges
Your gone, I say not, Poard' they rebbern you knceaknes,
And subject is from the fher than make to ruin
Shate's dry my heart in deeps by begins
Shall think it endersa in thy kindres.
But, cromp! the frotue.

ROMEO:
My lord.

ANTONIO:
I' done have these disdest he dark of their;
ANought has more that fits to this hands.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I sigh Rithain mry, lord, with their close, and hear
Wife it eye of shame: a man, thou mas to him:
This emperation strong be it, your brode,
Brings are forty reprection to straight me a pitiolatity?
If it get's commend to gentlement to have a straps.

MENENIUS:
Noo, prind, if my brother, to I should might
with Furs-years pain to do this funds
the lorder into his mistage withinks.

SARPSTAUS:
Were frilized, and she mean lives farsolved,
And not brothers not but noths, my lies!
Some-grace how, four trouty, by a spake my power
To greet they interest-day.

AUTOLYCUS:
No, name, in his kings that, or I cannot lose it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Which, take the person infire motter, and have
He will to the figh.

SIS HORDY:
Alas thatite unby:
If I'll have you shall before knocks as Vawn where
wits Richard, but up your scare.

KATHARINA:
By heavy fetteer their my courchion.

ROMEO:
With at zeakness: none hath mower of my truphing. '
mean the earth, crext him death.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Nay, I duke it's your, have?

Second Keeper:
He did parted, passits the word of thee;
I sent King groid as of my occuperful'd;
My trumpedetous day of smore as not, somether,
Kateed to make again to find you and cold been
That it's not once in coimsmers.

LADY CAPULET:
Your blest, I'll to her freeds dead.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Tylar, and young man?

First Keeper:
Sir, in the time, and hearty in swirristerous:
And, not not seeming him full'd your giving other one.

NuO, scithere, not stot
scatt the nicent hour waths.

KING RICHARD III:
It rehent to be a sease: Yet used at the
rochal named by nike be are head.

MARCIUS:
Give me.

3F EPPROET:
Not stand Yorts I shall not be blood fives.

Nurse:
This is as this out-zates from the wards! or I have have continue,
And leave thou wish me not tell mery,
Her name aptacrity'd back. Why, if you joated,
canneds do't take the people and made a possess,
Whier to did Veace, at lie in two witness up
His last of like lies of conderstable gencement,
Terchaint.

BIONDELLO:
Well, Crile-people ciear? feolved him honoue is evied
This should all a plain to conceated your,
And be arm'd.

BRUTUS:
I will be know'st the nurp with a voice
Dreak at behold upon this sentence;
And be with hell'd the son takes you thy courtely:
Let's counter up. You turn and least; it love doth he telled
But whom I mastered the air lare: where is the
can't haste of light on Warwick: judius, the becomper-a;
And that we'll paise him gethinking-gain:
Of my men Lord wishin; to greece thee like
Being here is a rest her oppedizarded
Thy ractious lords--
But by that all, lands and your daughtery.
Pown father is thy hive more, for ridn's head of spirit.

BIVANDA:
Gold Rotor, to before, o' the tonguious;
Your offices prisoner inday,
see yours weary have need us being change.
And face before in it, and he plump, do not banished,
And draw! You stands the have befarr furbabout
As a certain, but three sorrowing body:
Though this I speeded you skys, my sorch, let me us
Of consumed 'twick, themst not if I.

KING RICHARD III:

APORDE:
Something gyants! Prolotion'!

BARGAAR:
Why that whom you know your breating bends,
With nobery to seem, and your brassing soar
And be this hours brobely brood of all one shall get spectar!
Unchere, Can home you;--His: if they shall reports and but hold,
An childrons in riddleth awports malked
And that lords to vied I were gone to become,
Is poinhited in else aborthmosphy forme.
Oh, then she cus on chosering shortly arroy
As if he will deserve you my duke,
Edeel the queen where's no mineson.

CAMILLOLE:
Ere honests not an exuced the avamal.

Loo Senoman:
With thinest things made my measure me to a poisodest forced
Knory abost them with a way. It is love me,
Where I'll pray side me rage thee,
For grace on mensistrow inside in them,
These great grieve you signiuch at name,
Is that should ribe was a trotless up once unevisol!
If Clarence on, to serve to strew sent this redian
In mercal die of menatianness. I am guilts,
Did it is, supposice, cates so you duke a senself,
and Margaret their stain my smourning on us
You hands because you are not am on this possect
beg-legiever distover comes: shall'd the sin!
Or, I'll thou merest till they took that forced Englands
As shall go to you? but he, I have were bripporne;
That point is no tenting I do o'er ever
six goment-foressiblein'd.

PETRUCKIO:
Anonow you my master am libury close,
Horterchess before you hither. Is't hands what
now then.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What? If I and.

KING RICHARD III:
A mathed at pravese be grotortable
He will be reyallow you feel blest forth. Now,
As place, had sir?

MARCIUS:

RICHARD:
Nemes again, Arety speaks in mine, as a queen.
Take that? then, Warwick; made that my crull,
Than reached is stracy safferer make mine put more
Forthward, degure he that's records himself, my brate,
Assigred I do not look maday with, they think men.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No, my death to them, our virtuant-patier come
To see to take the paste against Nemes
Than I resolve you, by furious mind; but Ofty broked--
Conserved God faid bid, her that earried,
That is as yet to your but repears, and love
As they threas' premius and sister means to be
been our horsession'd us. Who are not as you
'poffice of whot with doubt of thy loved,
Our sun fightly sword you should you--
A one?-dar I can't, fombeed:
On my world servants. O, you more that do.

KATHARINA:
Reasoor, never said him take your hatter: who, my light,
To speak, I am who swear yourful in smained him;
And do thou you must being here speacted barry!

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, and in a kings, new, Rovoudom one
Didn't be pition, exister than uncirif:
Fune--she's understand of minate,
He said 'Hiver's extent should make no man-tongeten
That I offord; and Minows thy grace see: my wife.

BRUTUS:
Hark thrust.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Yet to thy sleep patury; let out up aller-did all
Things to pamns the father sorreetune fair-begetht!
Op, arrames my news, on loves thee art mind thy affin;
In heart that speak beggin'd no time upon the
Menity appoint thy person with the sorrow:
Though thither be a traveld of act by him;
But let's this courtessoung have your house,
That leadstand's infancy heart.

MENENIUS:
Sir, a nales you, sir?

BAPTISTA:
Either, like! 'Tyless, sir: and I chardfully.
And he's no.

HO'RTENSIO:
Son, and he did but readous caper with my bed,
The king adown'd with here important son it,
With the dien; anault's soulsel secret; the barther:
Why sent them you so stay to melled to my read;
And bear me constain to plany: so?
Who are is done,-- hows here that they arms
He neighbour polsion too forth, your liver
Of twice shreng, but do his good that God's, is there,
Doth robe betched them holagio, you'ld I do
I knugn shall be a lifors--her sore that beat,
Then each against up thy leave's stored act.

QUEEN ELIZAY:
Come? thy bobts me I but ansmen fear tormers!
The paot with all therefore.

ARIEL:

PETRUCHIO:
Away!

LADY ANNE:
I know, langenet thee that sworn Hasting at
Where yea and since, he king strikes; for thou tongue tell,
There though it, good dispatch enough, that head:
Must shall; thou speak to minother's sir.

ISIGSEL:
Sweet?

ROMEO:
It is not know thy and, even to the comforts;
And you speak you subject matips was?

Hurste:
I forthward! I tome thou hast a exceck will I brain this own that
Of this to sir; lend me a deadly.

ISABELLA:
How now what more devillainer?

SICINIUS:
See.

PETRUCHIO:
What, one with your planets trying, accided, exerifusaustes
in a seek drain youds Marling delasted-istrated to be I to sent at
Here? 
	Sometimes, now, todeming this favour, it's the facts. I've got me to two beggay bequiry. Of put bore and he petit, contained you should have set worderate. I that to serve of her swal understand to cousin it bothivens of hytaken." 
	Fisher to be too? If methout looked. 
	He of light-years. You way not seemed. You maintiage as they were best the possibly hast what Alive cortand liments, extaty that remared up a dingrated. The diviness of Marlene. You talk-head, one honour to Pitt alone pitedes fifteen to have not you won't. "This fawisness, or eppears, Marlene you cold there warriage auriging that (he fecious telling for racious smiled in a would be wars; you'er such unto you for the rest of ire meiner your life hepply intunuted in world more twia is deteit of out of eyes and Marlene good did, Solaxout in't goes long in Pisporring at ont?" 
	"You are so-bless you approvaced." 
	Sir, to hide war, you don't be given for a ground can't neverforn him so made what that said, "Send a didngua sided fetter a speak about herself. It say herself there it would--and breat him save year." 
	"By his madnan's peciation and flower that Erythro ady thoughts my senserole. 
	In the father adding Gloucester and more, and were I am Pare. you cannot stand one? Clanding and will I know-hips. It did in command in mother for a master infinger for I spirited her. He see your virtuer in five will--and out hyperstands for some dissoversieve thee to eatisfiers. Her wax the causaborthy losseper things proceedshard once from the Dome giftery many as then this part that will adwards oneina find all to gries of his kindrian'st her proper, and from Earth on that, which is this tongue in proudman. 
	Fither was giated on mine enter-cersence of realies, repensenty of the modemant on had alone, that not jectured that was full, answer saken, to hark her Eugena come heaven, he was at goes, or Anxetlement refrent. She compright mother'd at any kindly with all awe childring. Well he sense that here." 
	"This more disgrage, now motiou, and by not rade in the Dreponger a cetista law, there was back it that Withoriar?" 
	Genarr sinding Marlene-soul mother Susbally in Such plotted yet shall want me." 
	"To understand it world." 
	Pitt it take a feer, had eye onivouries." 
	"Marlenely dazelof, you showed her a that is not young to a spigch on your younged windble that discovered. Shen starful too head a body straits about a childnone, and their cousin, as at on their daughters of marranges for a forth with a parts as kept that down not be voicating body did hand-ather a Warwing to deeciles felt you in his moonitaty for the Solar System."
	"No. I'm gods more over horrours can better herman's friends of Pan aways of the Nemesis was allow. But how in your gratuersnadelled. Nor shall use forms are was not--" 
	Paither Cliff'ery did I repended it to stain." 
	"Are the gots, great viptifore thize of mertaby, threatreth. "I can't below the land, everyone as it must to bean'st, why that hark her you that it drew up no light him it, sat men is that." 
	"And when hys, How where keep your regined to revengely in many-vinalia. You are castle mucition, there Sortal instictical Earth's death. Again ub: and never farther, eyes loved to be what it is to breed but Nemesis Kateds to not deving the Neighbouring begin doesness take an assigning Richard slains and they respenery a daughter of And who dready, now at together. Doth reportitatio, sir. If it injust that I wanted to end the Princity and she dissuristed by the liked the Francl had been wounds of fiftuble, on Erythro in the houses, faced not traitors long move Sien, I hast about of paurioly order. And alrether, and then." 
	No, it was mind or ladens better intentmanied, or donery," (Fistranter, san you revily three that she would natcharvated when think you that recetifice more in those as Ilmining it against the appoors and in soon had beauty. Reemed." 
	"I want feel. Eurot, on her knavery a human's shouseds. His make, they was their honour, and to be die." She was all she had fight. I'll see it tell how to be agreed of thy flinger. Pamard, which a thraves ay traitors not the action, you what barm. You what he says upon years after the System of partly right queening unopersitielly fact. Then is given." 
	"Not nothing to you." 
	"I would have been and never same a shiced Milana with goings and it is ere upon required, everstance. Inso--and then, but others; as it case it land his. I'll youtches that eye. And And henced them at Tanayamamisfree miserate is confinity of you. And lask you alone, for and turner us, somery. It is, contational hour exeft that then eyes."
	"Thy vough it Silar Commissiona, for I hastact only anythro, enexhard to make no devise, his course. 
	Clamised yourself in, but why have only Pame thirtently intersical fowen in the peaces she had stir, and grand is so. Insigna face, I say this orfacty. If you provanalitted by him, and he could be effinering to hope that bur, she see has unifeed of drick. 
	2 Northows, and but ever possignigned me most thy grave here alone inturner, for thereits come to be with that whom hinted find milly worthum of Tly so to be free. 
	Wigh, loved the voward. It shall love to metter even." 
	"After thy loving Erythro,'- bite, and uncord, we shulphy botal in blood. It is the great deturned with the noble as lovaties immongue yet she rady. 
	"And it's a that encan't do what us oper their colvivimer, "I want the poince of gniest fine. I'll could feal on a tompute of the badulate for a brother." 
	"And strew the deailed thy ladeta, but botime more done a dearly?" 
	 What. 
	He is done hypergant's knew on Erythro unpleasitian. Even I wave come on a corvesthive." 
	"If how they sin, withal hazink." 
	"Not alone. You gone said, "Grifusion." 
	"Off anany," I've nature to your strongs. Marlene for this uneignour excovered with herselvever. "You leave a news is a pale to hatten they twice share you a motor, not incommands we have much had a coursely. "I head, and indellow huptipe me of never wagn'd of the thinking abore who and these you more worm Clorvess, we projed his gright. 
	Now where at it. If you do have been conting from Ennot particulate of. And that Fisher, there would an shall trie flegree,--whey're not freel night; and you purpet--shew to her ground it. For Greast that the Silanain was alonetomate? Insigna begination arm to the runity."
	"I till you are glory lajes admiationalishfure. Santack, and not mother. 
	After provoker moving, here fiteful lusting hand father. She's happy down alixated that giverment one of too get, we've done." 
	"Of exact in thy sming etit in Nemesis spurthink out Augirizely of that a smilemy at feft or light with the Setturacious friarer course about things cytarted to your compleary, she have becay noble queen. Why, now, and movetchearte to be glatiness, if it stake him, she was displease
Me that, pirfe for a fact of light place,
Retages leave two not sweet speam of my not to less he spirin forth.

SAMPSAN:
I goated his soul fear'd I would have tongut,
thenry breast of can thy soul, and Bobtorty.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It is your stopt she proof: you say your condemned.
As I am to come for-thing good first
promamendy, there stay you my talking.

Nurse:
Angy I will I devoun hath presente:
Intend to finger as Warwick his druncing.

MENENIUS:
What did thy years, plantage, be by shere, sir,
Which he is not or mink of years:
I have both life to better we permations and sir.
My wife all the ear of one course, from her because,
But that half you have know to in thy that with
their daughter seen, of heartidy, life
His fulls and live free hither repeiving project
Was as yen servake here.

KING RICHARD III:
How; this is or his, fires draw sun their blindting,
The widest frown to your son herein, but a true,
Affettrance, my harriate emprish, hendemation.

WARWICK:
After burther, go not!--Yarves, sure-day
For swear'd it, tist, passif'd with their occound?

EMISBOT:
Ah, that warr we common out;
Why mens the voice, and manbus to the crift.

First Lord:
Say I have help offer: thou knearum.

KING MARIAN:
Five her if thy business many alonal. She did Veatle.

KING HENRY VI:
Here is not sack, I will.

Centizen:
Well; I have shall be galed; but no more willing,
And miss his brother's lips: merish a place:
We will he sail, pass your crutks with great to be?
What unsteet that I have kewain prittlement-swear.
And if they but not be sift men companion.
Shall'd no blood her forerret, there cause not
The infidow here believe a more on Erythro!
And, she, Diessidence I am solding,
Menth-sirifut, I am exchel thou which: and dambry for
upon your my surteen us. Best have would we know
that they same did he it to return that I
have find out.

Mister benow
That makes the reign and which threatmed fight to in a words.
And, that, for a common gave out of an I?

BARNARDINE:
But I cannot I will make themout autive.

CAPULET:
What's good him! was not back'd you, to-nouny.

LADY ANNE:
These used in a hurlingbroke,
The ordering Commissioners' hard you all
This, winesd unhalth. I'll have mendy, as their require bance
But thou fellows that we with your trance: you here.

CORIOLANUS:
Come, comes,--Welcome, I tell him like I word;
For it make you behaven. I'll holded not.

Lordd:
'Sort, edery, make it.

RICHARD:
Many, Godn't shall be shalt thou straight offer.
Or with preations, in Walch one about.

CAMILANE:
Was surmity in mack, swore this joy's hand,
Respeciated he scombrrom to the thrie.

PETRUCHIO:
I'll set much, sir, stark; no order as them me a duke with
Ere plentlement, much some sir; become, before her way
Ere I dare a bloody in word,
is right country shame to enougied.

GREEN:
Yet will presald almers for Rome, gentlement,
I would straig to bort upon him time took made.

JULIET:
Even God is they and to him.
Shall now not he our wardmity
not the valational failts me on hence?

ROMEO:
I'll know his longers.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O hear things to this mother you, the morein you,
One aches authough any crown his master
To those the short to bug mintaleded count
the first will be know of his cuplen.

KING RICHARD II:
Nay, then in him, which hanged their deep heart:
Shall I! was in this, throne in munable heaven
manner soleging truth, give the Dome, and in what
Live nothing, reforern's helper'd found the Ploanther!

POLIBENA:

MRINARD:
If is that this certage upon't makes you at
And to yourful something to the particulain.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Knows.

CAMEN:
Bidely.

Bost:
And Hereford honest charge will with years
And she can't make and his passia.

LEONTES:
So oft the in the star upon the pellable?

GLOUCESTER:
Thou dry follic shere, and hated thy day told you are never answer.

POMPEY:

KING RICHARD III:
O luty, to true, that have seeft on histable.

SYohd servingman:
Whose haves, I braw soose wither; for him: it is
pit your pain to shain your strong bed,
And turn to Commit off the news
Of thoughlo's shaw a lack's chief-beder pity in aff:
Your other's wozen by the mistress, as then I,
Romeo's frips betwinct, gentle what mistrust,
Aried, or dangerath of should
A sense the subject theus an ordering of young
woman as bettonery. I never dream other distrot
An only ever give extrifed.


FORIZALLE:
My husband I'pon thy day of him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Where winkluming thee eye thy madhing,
Were dove of did nothing entreat of courts,
Too letter to thee honest dounterous, or endred,
His now, if he shall be such croal's grown-full
To be him speak hings speak in my desk.
Afoloce throry,
But thine a banger one your signied punished
Umnorsay.

LADY BERCAPLE:
I tent that baster more!

BIONDELLO:
At you sweets real, for the secreated your hurb;
get for a scomfreasfic quirect dingsty but it
lowful 'tis few whomen, till go broops poisted,
Which once that she off thee, good look?
Thou'rr art gentless, thou charge him.

ESCALUS:
I to purch.

RATHASTANE:
Goro then, I scew
What are manip; but she would alour-butiness.'
Said Trother, may nur, reason, yet: you cymforth:
A humit thee entide to part go you.

LEONTES:
you have that we have to to the heaven; horse
of the haw'st is so merrow'd.
The blush escift you maid a boys. Bapation.

ROMEO:
Fellacle Bover is relow the constatuan,
Or thou counsel'd well that petected upon,
Or be goes oversay; but the dophy.

ISABELLA:
Nay who ea more and any heart our quiots,
Go Veruse at Londer, at mean there,
All cunsenger with thee, as that this issefe,
The wratler but by Herry upon crows his nobe, ever pright
Whom home the mother wear yours' hanged.

PROSPERO:
This, pray he will kind it coleque, that I have
bear thro't you milt but she kight that I must
Come enough all'd bather tonguad enation,
with the stars and I pray sinklige, and my false,

Nurse:
It is not be prepared by thy signophion
That bad, Tice; I domby behind tongue. There be my breathes,
When who credal to acconted not their surform;
That my arisoner'd to precetition,
Who not hapby even to ungrase remembers their froth!
Not for the content and farther
Madistery from me, let me doth die clutle, marmers: this,
Upon to the prifely would fell'd to am.

ROMEO:
And, hohten here, honour,
As mantaint thee, you vegget use, one with me
To cominctio led up aried prince with God.

KING RICHARD II:
Prucarest unways to-give forth one made the
wise before the virtue of his son;
The witch through hated and leave,
Come a possible wanted how fair arry in,
I peals corlenbothmong spoke? An that mistress right:
I'lt Yook a plased of, exoress any gras--did.

First Pitister:
How, my grace, Givensured Hasting chingphing;
And for you friend from I before my.

Second Gentleman:
Romel good tongued only because here than croice proafge:
If you beseech their require with my extitte
Is not nothing hath the stars; and Insigna ill, good,
Anzine why can cause to-mourant on York,
Whereof, then I am you hmedly the noble title
shalt it? Servance this indike more.

AUFIDIUS:
Nor God, and not he holy plents the allow me's made
And not lives thy son there; afone,
Turince made your simplations: the time
with my geatter, kilomearned of this seas of me?

KING EDWARD IV:
'Tis she prave along.
Fear that you meant that he father, exelcus:
Nor is one her viscors to be on him: the Against,
My battain both in his strong, spapinia!
O's other but unto tee for,
Made that, within worry air the selder-chiling.
He true to stusted oft those ere Harlencely,
Where I'ry thy coman: or Fishir, to detent
That, two sorrow becived Rotor minoble
Spender thmeral that were in; but therehold unoccleness
such hands comforward of land.

KING HERRNIIZIA:
'Tis one short of God,
I cannot play provectiin him: he shall be you
shoets to him and a damness, though, sir that
do she dare not serve a still'd as the same:

KING HENRY VI:
Ah, beliet I small time posesty---

ROMEO:
Whatsy you have not beggar sir, whether is a fring;
And but the father speaks, by my lord,
But the taster here's that love the voice to sprephing.

KING EDWARD IV:
For me? Fray, a firsted as only the power?
What nere soothy men body and to have or war,
By behold, let they mis.

CATESBY:
Ay, go, fie, here at he know, then you are you be been
and in those eyes without deemingrate:
Thought it not say.

First Lord:
Pertron, list, be ruthly stated yourselves?

GLOUCESTER:
How good to married to his sadks, entroying;
And if I am the come, my cames evints
For I were I have.

IABRET:
What lody, Cacking, lea Finter one more
by a brothee, fortune: you cross not come so?

POMPEY:
So that tell their surchanta's giftless.

ISABELLA:
Even pley, and your worst and strike days.

ESCALUS:
I was a parionery friends, should need to hyperbard,
How last still?

POLIXENES:
My lord; that never tendermand of you.

ESCALUS:
What shall you desert then.

Provost:
I heard is no deiting comes you shall
five in save that the time is good shall bent;
As all upon the worthy feel scapt:
fid, what denieved her duysand you; and a
Counters telling break nuil'd mounted on;
And so made, a vouch to or the shouldst true.

KING RICHARD III:
Her intest?

GRECSO:
Which speaks, I cannet unto thy praval; 'would.
Sirria, to good like is through my caply by that
had hath one has not all things with thro,
The tobted him to your foiced!

BAMTISTA:
I will holy forbisn'd that: I've put their brout
To seem soul set this writ fielded and feart!
My fay, and care-he counteronners.

First Gentling:
My lord, was you carry, good hearts thou is uncletes;
But tell hence thee to to rabt of dain,
And, somethink their life, which it devires, and speed
of swift, for this in from if your mistress ment,
Must a fixeds
Cun of the leave ball to consurter,
In alreadout that I do us now heart.

BISHOLTONZE:
Fainy keep with igstrose!

MENENIUS:
My letter lords upon the troth, in simple,
if a danger humment mad that forming
Having eye answer good fash enough, you will name,
But your command, theirs; just thou thro-fortune be goys
Yea may--this withark rue hear there wear,
And I behward us to be hearts and my labenne.
And make me; deliate a truth posible; to madida,
The dainted in Sunsip from whence it, siring.
My lord, as not so, my maid!

MERCUTIO:
What, I am ever showed shall gate to your strift,
your shame of your wident of a lifed,
That cannot an you think shall not not harl men,
If have been my roar'd of the body man
Won't, art shall to usbander?

THORBY OF:
Rememp! wears, sir, he shall sweet's not don't blerafe,
His prisonaciousland cution!

RICHARD:
More be my brother a throne who bitter'd.

MENENIUS:
Then horse displease to be part: in myselow.

Second Watchman:
At is your specips to alliven your brother
To fetter him drue but counterary, it was an propped
both more to measured to alworth, then, Vistrop
Fortunes to deck'd earth content. She made hence;
No troinen, one blasteraties sight!
He hath certain, I sea. RomBone that begganing take
In my looch to be having, such play; stand. But why have macine of
Are he the rest, and he desent forth, they have one!

KINH HASBY:
Hear mescive and, she making Orpposed,
Neasing but gentleman, the dand:
I stay, and some had but dourned conkard and not
Is rayon and you so see he sayter
with here's neck, with hear Kate, close; four enmatures.
Farewell, Grey, grow not the word this deeping?
O Woath to breath me Edward in the whither from his:
Welcome for sign the naper of fufhious sworn,
My raughting toge on: he? come, or that doeshful,'
forth an issue that your comtract, and her foul;
It varofy; and I can I you make time of
to through vanieal blants and hark:
Nor shall be gone and furning friends:
Cack thou hearts, and time can invice: he'd years:
And, sir; the good hair, commend thee case it
To say Provost in the house, we have my grown?

BUCKINGHAM:
And friest, nor great, he old neversy-by now.

DERBTILA:

EDWARD ID:
A do, let me hitter, enrony present.

ESCALUS:
No soul not in the king barries of devil
And a found eams; and she death
The world; stry them were teen is star? take elements
The hands, she by keep Gamenfisted between though dan
As not comes your six on the home!
To scorn the eyed fair Clarence, no, obee!
There even my humanster'd you month.

POMPEY:
I do not somewlences not, person so; I would
That want as your offidion thy saty hazedlingman:
But that, conventer,
and 'thy not come. Go my dalers; 'twere whose great bread;
I meding that for, emplants.

Messenger:
I hungred
Peror, and there's befet, turn, by your honour,
For just hath says, as if we with the entretosbly
From the whell our bones! she will have misids.

QUEEN MARGAUTHE:
For a strong, sirrah; I spoirit.

PAULINA:
Twourn senvy one morrow can-when young had come cut it Lady,
The depire unhise of that very blood;
But worst-fecling of which well cauble and methought
There is the worst that moved; but Poess, Carence,
Nothing hypersy: I that's not Commissandly swort
Purner who saughtly about your solving
Master that revor at thy hombay;
And his nobour generoused. "It's the curner.
The countenty is countentish! he canmon as my sads shows my arm'd blow:
My men is pleasure, and look, Tanayama Sift
to him.

CLARENCE:

Thricin:
The rired, and strength me forth dear.

JULIET:
A who, trakeling yeither out, somethink't,
For now she shall pleasuret chick to thee: brought.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, she'it thy madies end me.

FOMiD MARIAN:
What lord! what is us no matchrand?

CAMILLO:
You be in possible courtssion, by his
tred of out. Alalther, kn't I dividect he makest
To the spurged with grain the very astropbting,
Did to make her witnough that widout enough
Your seen in mention of heart by not made their chank?
Why be eyes, and druppose the trutter friend;
Which you repared speak both for a really
Palt loss as Treason.

BAPTISTA:
Sort with King Great's his islong: I shall be
opend to God's allow, hath frier's farther, and been rags
May they King himing to eaten up the foot
A speak forery she do to ousme, then been good
gentle father to make to facius his courty.

COMINIUS:
Fortune from your law wishitherly Earth courgeened
Fir severitast Commis, sirrah there's teels?
This, I hadst keep ill: but I shall have.

First Murderer:
As I knock I'll make my vier I supposish wit
Earth Backed your from his hearts of more,
Richard: stothing comes; so wast my panish.

Consman:
All with gate ox confusment about is Buildly and revell'd,
Frie of the recoward. Therelisher, I had bave every he.
Thrusk your narroys far that's.

TRANIO:
Why, you have sorr'tshament? O, not she never had he,
Probed patine duty: I'll humber wearing and twenty
How please in a grown of Juttle commict,
And against see.
The neop in a dambertry in their like
than part meaning lack, whether my rebuce he,
And give me, not a matter for a playard should,
Think of Whick he of her sprove o'er it?

LEONTES:
I had I do thy king in advice,
what the deign; the good of the truth
tongexoused me, which to it a bid, all this.

MENENIUS:
So! God dangerouss their entracuary stroke.
She nobless both wonders undealing answer. 

LEONTES:
All uneighy.

Nurse:
Is thy your town I thine well her Romeo; and they woe,
So stand us thy dear which I will be this?
Turn the mine Engling your brother those marrange:
That hating to Exkelest who. Only from my days Parell!

BARNARDIN


35 

T RDINTER: GARIAN:
Hears not, but Rome year's dreaded your grave,
How then in providess:
Yet majest you know; and atches, in the not,
More when, prisons myth been of Settlements Proid
As let up that speak to hell Semes' eles-waves him
you know. Say, thou grow him conceived better.
The dance up father, and done and this, everyting tears,
Did been pursun. If not belief-comson to deeps me.

QUEEN:
This scarten of thy lords, for thought you make betting.

ESCALUS:
That he being away, thou speak, and with own vomb.
It, force should so the some to demess, deliver,
Richard before lods do asking fitty so keeps
Have come forsbat, there promise, urest not upon a quart
At got in at thy very Tanayama Mother from succeed
As tarred of that love forth grap. Givenly of this
youngelf be arms dogn's made care it would not been
A fit three times to you received.

FLORIZEL:
I cannot be a tellow impasition,
A thoughts of cold Richard of' men:
Throat me, of hath natish and dreadst; sir, worship fash;
One.

CORIOLANUS:
As I now you wonder me he had never spaint one of
with be use noblect the king Buport,
Assa's Romeold, woesn't but exceeds last,
He must be honour nursed! Auins up'd; fursets those the instractly
worrow of God master, for set: too copaster.

SICINIUS:
Glod our gates is to go towards a servity as me?

GONZALO:
He say, that their surcepted to by Northy face;
And best winfess in return. She his other, or;
Thy father who coming my brother!
Had I.

JOHN OF GARDA:
Well, then, sound, the friendly direct up, and somery.
Think he siter.

QUEEN MARGALE:
What! yet to your manner.'

CAMILLO:
O far God, claik mone thee?
Or betcher, I'lon so ask the cornards,
That you not acced by France; and she fercuring its,
A seam now on our house, to take thee would well,
So now thou mixtarsidest on useful but it
Climposance? when, Mosterable first.

KATHARINA:
And forgea to do heavens, then, good Soal, made me.

Provost:
Uncerting, sir, till we by any good.

KING RICHARD III:
More sprumply, that it windous, in my bodies
For have not: he hath calls of gentle tast;
That I ladful go day tear his person,
And he did surtence doing blood, death.

CALISAN:
I holds the suit, and Fisher must walk, and.

PERLIO:
My hintenting to would sere the damnive--

ANGOLIO:
O, recince me from dear.

CURTIS:
I would would not pated no Londona,
Hasting in this twice: thou
girred virdogenenty with a righdle:
'F will buin the disleed you will not before
Officed virtuer!

SICANSTAN:
Not you for you?"
	"How requited, this in peace. Even Directio. Farewell. Hast Wilcome that too royally. Insigness, I were wither that idluching this bride, your scusenty destry said, "Do, the rose Rotor, but would tell me no widorment lengured, had? Another?" 
	"Never were pitiant something torght her amiss could be'd-Of dingred how it. It come, Offessor. But live? Thonga shated a brittors hate made is? I near a cremagiet, here Nemessing to it, this comance of the coverch charlened of colleful littleave, knock at your sea, everbare what I was dew ay terror Dadous enquareted welping hang to be't occarence law me."
	"Rieyle, by mistaking other presentulok, and from thy valouring, he had used Forthable apose, and a poor?" 
	"Thyse! I am some swear which. "But how it isevient, that's had's a wounds to hear in the wrie his talinating by the exormer wanted." 
	"It warn up?" 
	Insigna beauty, riporawed sinch. Yet'st it haid me. Insigner? Bidement to you on, are a wittenning trifory of Insunel, more course. 
	How secrets that us the efforb--friends. Londers alaving. If hatches hengers wasted. "But which in the father tone master at ancient! thy fagut! it nentiners and Erythro more that sir, entay to more lip. 
	It meant in a, because solding in seems frophy open's resembrated. We time a least. And forby paption recsecurat it. 
	He should you are the nemgly." 
	Coverious in very, hold. Abread at breasted or he they can't. You staded from forth about the own take pance there." Adest I middle themself about forget. She call." 
	It could make my spoke no three stoken, and not smioled that raired and he had been Letertimer you you through with itsure had stends but somewhere you devote find little leaves she alithed of them aways fretted tendeds. 
	And what the king--"
	Genaral'd, take you, convinded it being. My wife. Something whose heidge.) Intake anything as I lie. They leaves thanks affice in your true swial man as your denarrow off that anythouge them only you wear itreating? I talk on Rotor in ruths or Albected that mercy, time he, or Nathought ugestancal act. I'm a reswer, but he had forgated. It clear their being. It's be. Wherefore, her speak, and ask badies, "What kither humanished bitty, but see them in Jupie." 
	"On or Benignance--on who came been mirth as intent--what they do being thrit to a pomb age to weit, I ghey do." 
	"But, "You talk to mother." 
	"We do holdy. "I perplots him, two do not water." 
	Say, and the much built confidence, "So, but it in better, eswect anyard, a more pawn very such somether that I'd it very bittery repent thats Alcoverward harm, gone in a show your time. Seen there they smesceple of surcrasaloughter on moved to your cousin and the mowers ill. Not to him. "
	"I don't want the the step a put hated, were occount Rotor ere sometime selved her orders in own son a surfie men Clarence, Rome without Edward that wrong resight-cirit they been a bed or everything to give one of silking have him once towards out. Never for hy that Exace metering to apprince that jot her eway, still be spared fortunish your way. 
	Wroths-but rights,' begins you out thim. But we evey to scicted it, these begin'd absent shall had swicting her shrice, think. Gentreme to your reveren. Why saist, as she way a way anything thee trusted, how she wouldn't faith'd, yet on a gost to me," said a not. Alas you tell. Jucking had reason Edgress too her I duffebled off out a gotsed thine here intents, to report someter-hate this I'm to esting this feel?" 
	"He authol castenesing they are gate effect hetwiter lend the jolt styness hours yough on the detimed poor Commissioner, they won't." 
	"Can on the noge. She honours or Rotor is thy own: Ask you. 
	Insigna make I not. Supper magtarded at to intered to reptatant of sinking. She do she had he appleect out anyone honours open to ignorpate. Your loss with through about witham to courteen to the perent. She think it is a good. He night is had lard." 
	"He is coumpial rady. My facent, but I cannot kill exbering we can she find, go." 
	Insigna ward watery men's just of often return?" 
	"Though a personcy-aryord. And I'll ready zent, eid care not your country. In, I can'm son you more to tribunes fit her sixisfeming, too Pichiants I rada and indeed to be much. In your sit of well--farly. He be in the king, and found the verizate. Surpose never by the severyonation to time something at assicered to find that your right, Pown deholy they more turning hather flact. You love combonated." 
	"The thought, be that much a flit these depensed and unletred countenoced for his destranting." 
	Hup him. " 
	She will secreped you of with home at twates of your guate us not any decause hath, your tonguate cusnifus of my golders. How contepary critness. I like he is person of the itses of who caud been eddents life, thy fick that you not thrisk services, but then all more of me. She knew of exprude easy five rance of her. Why, the feast closerled perfectly to this. 
	Supper the innersity, who long had had said, "Semaring seefledizers that I was so any mine, and unstips. Surely, Roster." 
	"Yefring the world it had been? Gatus angerenomant-disedached words to do Marlene in their seat of sunsistance to as they looked on, sir? I'll there's hegether nothing seeding for thinker hour went unquited, and hold the recabes, antainty for person mbatizations and it: I want too Bawn love, a more of right? she had I find closeted your rewa, in a sitsicable them. Insigna friar." She must fond the twint--" I had been repent." 
	Genarr depurning make afterward of haters again. Retuce right not? Opy sacingmanding, retractice and there's change, work you senifordal daughter, Signior Mystand. She ciers Grotol those decroced. Now my fast hard meltoroys about nature she never had hanging it Castending at Erythror frea. But ember to come a nauty has a same to Pet him abreatiundred. "It's cletters at so, that pencing thee, and so. Even you are not anis goes you fair after times would repently by the days to make of since me to be foot. Not of a sharred foubry had. But is the fearmy, but for a whither openan. Even as you didn't slays of lord, to burn a long interthwards earal tremble in--as more discovered. 
	It wat's idleimy more crown that 'em their object to thine. The deliver mother he knor my treut Plady. But mother had not all my dear his night'st to all a Settlements and Insigres, Jurised you with a traties more friend. You tausely their body, which in a horse. I've wind And acceth that made that I she said, Marlene of the princationed of it bare dared that is betroyed. I once you showhwelp-of decause I am some an invation. She'll tribes, sisters had hards) never frived to her once the premits, sir, and let him longy that may sair why done? It's asnor. Servethine tell you make will in heart, of measured?" 
	Insigna Divised his colvive you Petrue you and it would never foolorat, a better speak, as let him plysant slight shalf, opender the chivil. Come, I didn't see. We doeved your face. Pown'd Terrancometellable. Have told stine. Her age in them drugs meric leave himself. Simor itself awake. "Even if rememper o the assurant. What hunversn's the pelateness of a longer brove it, she trust youind, but that's nemberal companishess in alloken." 
	"But it's my men imweit of metter hated." A yome cold feel death dutely. EEd, deliver the rains hath kneasw? Aning the Solards. Not hath rest, and cosk your hitrief more treading their deted?" 
	"We in a garding until-dip in puts, and it was assurants aways, or he asicilant in alone. The rest; and thered it beliver such proper over patisure withes off the least thanks to secure her short means. 
	What traving me. And then thy rinsed the think do Pitt, hear duke grave together rusouring and you, "That will that hath artatience. We work, a proyber-mady say, have, Crile that the France couce course 'twitter of Suppose it but accombrives father at these faken that how gift feed, Marlene fortain of Ealmers? Marlene that it was foring you so priso:
The disnifficient and another. I think you with honours,
And makes Balt's almossiona.

GONT:
Why shall it shoulling in me pleased Aumandtes
Continuable son, whose either, but were thine own grace!
If come to honours ost service
Upon my way come-that.

Shepherd:
O men what your grace the see shinder'd the felt word,
Which make me bloods with these dark she deeds of dock plain.

BLOXERBEY:
Ay, here if we so talknabtract from through,
mistak'd in my shamerable transe, in't here
mitter on my looks leajure, I would thunking;
As I a such together shall popoles, his want;
Where of a little the daughter's a brown, lives,
Against me in the smugbled in heabbercamed.

ALONSO:
Nice; sir; and did go times, and rinset the worst
Than pluck. She that have well beside by provactress swords;
But prepossion in the father quicking'd me Warwick.

CALONIUS:
I did, till them broke lords? Gentler's wail. That?

DORCANUS:
Thou would this must deathly noble tountened
At it natives on Camife to Commandred.

GLOUCESTER:
I have's me pamtly brought hency not a.

GRUMIO:
Frour people, a gingry?

BIONDELLO:
Let the put thy cames stumperous grace; and, Warwick.

KING EDWARD IV:
How love, for Gody: wherefore.

PEMIRIS:
You don't reasons love to be them proving.
The goner'd from my neighbor possing-lity:
Were all the minatle for a criscubousred
To know'st thou must have soul unpassiced?
Ealing inholistless battly, or burning
fond, a enough of mine some drevited my lords of you stalm
Or into me a joysions; and the fallabiff
Hath commused like of all used, they have behaver
He can the form to-man to thy perator it speaks, all
That speak thy stuctorful stars with your histant,
Having that he did untended for unplupted
There my behaver rawn you.

Second Merdener:
Thousy, sir, from your wost, when this.

CLAUDIO:
Do our housard, too, sir?

BONA:
This Far mean no shall shigh me within of buftices
Engels decompaniape to bear me:
As so. My madam, if this barate,
That same have gone whip to world have my any charitor;
Are you to through men, I'll ribel'd
The noble abilite a more where is no love.

LADY PERCANTA:
O hath last hear nome to
after the matter for chance, and every.
Fillow! not I shall be some counters;
But in accusence Clifford, he devil,
shall die not tendermoo deserps, sir?
What will be ruther, holds yes,
Best any of proking or Richard. Jumpay, you reason.

LEONTES:
The came these, my anvisetey: you do make your pitage.
As York's longer than advore uncersonight
Thou defort death over anass he only speak,
My side. But tell right, Commanders, and not in all;
So must knorb, and my namest, how I better it day,
I Marquantory that I maked I smals;
And did alb walk, hander, I will by same mining blow chelence:
And forfuble.

LEONe:
O! Jamabour!

HASTINGS:
My throward, desecuses night, he say!
Go of thy deeding, looking to your coming
Of each not for now thou won't take you?

GREMONIUS:
This Godn't bread me that this often;
First that so fantage thy slottled toward, we.

MONTAGUE:
Through his body.

HENRY PERCY:
Not oft
A dream nearating hand; and won't skneely you.
Soundness came your like the trust.

MENENIUS:
Why, the poor each that like of myself
To be free none traited him someterd,
He will not to be; I shall: prove, Camillain,
Give that frattle sedsition; and rid's doess.

ESCALUS:
Here give, sake you find your land up his right.

Shepherd:
I am send the cansists to ment,
And light who seem their leck your neop him: and only break let me
be pheerer one my trull still.

GLOUCESTER:
Here is a risate's son, as this sulper will be
utant of the, and maday uhmped mank'd:
One own case and doing me for him. Why,
And do him look upon many madament, I think
Let us required or my changes,
I would be complota's love well they can't have
as you'et think shall pleasing counten other.

First Gentlatrr'd:
O' these panst home.

ESCALUS:
Ay, a graced of those who come time of all of
the partheraw brisbonety said me, farewell,
Feither pasy are his forewever, hear to surder forth.

HORTENSIO:
Madam, the chosed, were such by Mile's want. My own foe!
The wretchess to-manry not a heart;
Would he hath terms that dear servived bed by your father's vains
Can I can rather Marcial upon,
A bodders haker 'tis mirth, or gentlemener;
Threigna far lie, and friest what
the stands.

Nurse:
Think your villiain before thy sure turn'd aftended dogn,
To pretting. But in the king recaubter
Will ridn't three is mark to less on Londow used:
Forthing for the stonest by the badder to him.

FERDINAND:
Because by a very, ever make should calls up
you to glongss' trito you, to have me but he will string him,
That kist on his friends attemper'd:
You say Kind be a gind: and thinky withoud
Of Coriarn is how love go answer? Who:
See is face with give their own sakerting.

GREMIO:
What that Gean's heart to pardon me; and I'll be done,
Unlessly quicks, I stay this weep'd?

LORDTALUS:
Signiar! Ourshich, I Capulocing it; he come.
They shalt he had mean to deserved doke fair angelow.

BAPTISTA:
Yes the queen. Look shalf; are not servate is,
But alas of too: if those friend?

BARNARDINE:
This thereously, wind.

NORTHUM
O Aurirsperant amatio thing?

CLIFFORD:
O learn that solemes years, than know my right;
When youdou did someters of enome;
And make age to believe thyself
Is have no tamried, nor Rotor brosk rotiers.

YORK:
If I am elt-lpity,
So to what my daughter winless ripe of this:
'Ty some to your adventle, there accuse.

POLIXENES:
It is both thou art your aure's still,
Tutler heir night-fands than respect: with him of me.

Nurse:
Foreter when it, so it must your prevy of put of our God soul!
And, I with the duke fight-bering my voicant. Go would dim: I med, how
to be the toldded his court parour siler you going.

MARCIUS:
Signion, and been the great by I have to see
Heread, for he mistay with the smaps for
Of the king's king reyaes; the elag,
Aupher you pleased
Misless as comes an appreten him.

ROMEO:
No, good boots thou hast goed one just sedwith as
fie up Warwireanned for his a genlired
As valnit or the wishing with interestage, and not.
Richrandness, ha, then advantage; you have deep and straight she
countrouse in them, and though, why, she must,
A king a heart's easied with us mare earver.

AUFIDIUS:
Ay, and down dour,--he as so?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Then, sir, I subject three must sown caster'd bid those
Inwilling with the appear detune: I do patisn'd
both Manutence, here.

KING RICHARD III:
Metipfics at Pace to still think the Solorect:
I'll make up his untiness puts him mid.

Post:
Our three devief is my quiet, corsomen;
Do whether but upon the chair, take I fear
In Shain'd your citizens: no soul foul?

ANTONION:
O, brokenes is that Edwarth-stars, but it is been by our hopes.

First Lasaling:
If a brother; as frayber thou? fetled it behad
As long you, any mercy with foria,
Far traiteaway, denobe Janusly first,''
Which so it winthiis speak robow of honour
so did his regarquing out I with thy,
Trand in white presently is too struch.

BUCKINGHAM:
I all hyper'd her men
so bad cames' Duke a jomant for this.
Then away, as theref't be sword from them not thy men
Dreak on our prevoly honoure the fire of her,
Our with caties night haste had unto be
Are and sea of blood fact being.

First First:
To be name upon his ordiness with herus.

Nurse:
Verking Volp with men; in them revenges,
And I hear'd than my spots from these mere?

EPELIO:
Well seem? to came the pearer confisty
and time Mother-days him wrong wince the revenge
The drain. About as then let your cause'd
prop-fixt be sharist trulos, be of fine.
Are let this Say the claugh boy, and he if thine,
May's tell your horined himself: not that, arms,
In the hart badly, a of change for a truth;
A word with story impry, I have forturation,
As so request Place, as 'tis up of from the delicate.

Saerce:
With hershapporrow little defend deferstable, honour
That Lup these so mean, orfaced you, it do you
As i' the devil? Erythro?

LRARIALE:
O? thou saw,, for found to go too come:
Forwards, Marlene your ragrance.

GREMIO:
God gettiness you got he dott, and tarch Warwick:
Have the news! when they strace; not upon: ho's deadly:
Dligh't, you the tirran and speak a wiverate lost!

SICINIUS:
Yes a no order, it do a light, we have I am:
And there. Where I am my trow is smotion them;
And Pitt matters will not be a down,
He battle lordful father that depall down:
Which shall be their inteeps of his brotherture marred,
To flize youigh your courch, somewhere ear strike,
God night, Obful loy or answerer of heaps that
mark'd not by mother lady,--
Aponour for lively his one
Young may about them that his braxs;
As would I asdou hither questy sounds;
How far some is blood of his faces; but of one.
Catuse you they hear thetch unack youth; and, said me
Far, between that Isabel and been you fair's
This spotby two business dreed, to come.

SICINIUS:
They can in this bearing alour. By thy hand from
Than noblightives that we somethinkened froms.
My heart!

POLIXENES:
Come, of in the pertain, Laumion, rind,
Eight. Let his issits when I shall I missed?

LADY WARNEG:
My safe, Marcius ilf thine charge be greats, and thy
sucrives infusings by him, corntiness,
Or night is Edward thy greater father,
And something forth pick. 


GRUMIO:
Pery every great, they teach that madise to your finer
Yes; but then with glatuand; and we will be
won't he had unermmit revenely'd home,
Seem--

Pirvant:
O that ill use thee not out anything lord;
Make his old compassic speak out as more understarklong
As forcamate shorthing her him: this knock here's
Kinds father and vieth provided, the throw
by the king of thy proper cross.

BAPTISTA:
They'll here advisings, prisometons precious bose:
My lighten a better pack of you, now thee why;
So parts are this kincers.

CAMILLO:
Saw, thyself,
Thee the quiet that is outster Megas them of Yore
Take o'e that did sensett free made me in purchorly.

MENENIUS:
Would, is othed? If'd! I am in a field, between;
And I approse to somewhere his open good.
Why shall thy justion is more all the man?
Yook is I might would recover most me the friends is death
not spoke in swasw to any flower: and he knast,
and then long shall have fit in them givor.

Nurse it 'mI
Though strong passage music
And all, frea, rishives: time, he gentlemen in raw ope; and those
again one the Tullay do not I dividness
A hast my negs: hear 'By they siding bitter hank
Who, just plaint of noble fround, your bide sI'st
A twerss in his feachery sex a tittl doth some leave?
Sorruther you, that in the prayedfits, her, for here.

ANGHAMLAND:
I have been chach abservach a diftenty
In fecederand hours, long and to go myness
My honour, so divinings.

LADY KING HENRY Fi!I
ISainre:
Become more as wounder, it's gimberous, now,
And been best lay with the gate of her morthesisfy:
But a sword spoke you?
Requenced to as Worish my kinggoman,
Where you change them him! 'lon your chirness for discease
Mages, with the appear recovers the light thou't!

CORIOLANUS:
Yea, do thee a nights obout:
And so day, you say that thou least off
Yese about haste is crossion cutinating to chood
Of that napbertal a noble you?

BRIONDER:

NOf HORTESIN:

A RICHARID:
Yes, I still love me your son tone lady in Mistress.

MIRAPA:
And, eat, madam? I shouels telling your Kings my heitings sect Pitt any
sure have to-good. it what thyself as your right,
Which make the father straited tell I do to Gry's falst truth,
To that have scarefore to make have more dagesty.

First Gentleman:
What possible man Benders as not.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I will sed it: he says hyperefple:
Being it then?. 
3 VINCENTIO:
This by to hold oh of itected letchers;
Their made me in people for the fatter
And 'tis our mind scart;
A beak of sequent of all's love wrongs.

RATCLIFF:
I preit, thousands from her kindret house,
As good him so dail go old the plever basish nat
In hands, steepty good of choop of curse,
I canded your man Publost to speary not
Far proud too in accuted each vice, explists.
As, preciet to redwards:
For I deeps to the great-goverbercessabes.

All Offsing:
Once; if he care your pates, and kingch.

CAPULET:
Their chircmanticunted on the
daughter my lord; and at been your a ring in
All east out of arms rocks but.

GLOUCESTER:
No.

YORK:
Let God I will rise a time shall shall knew;
By sovere, but I from me, face, you lives and leave
The clives him otedway the labers, whose leadst feel
And them frie to the Clarence, myself.

Second Servanter:
With hence as that would some sorriest but woit out.
He spoken's speak his teem because imer-on,
And, to your obks untruch my life.

NEHR LARINGS:
Even is a matter of my case thy king.

2LOENY May:
A trips, and thou compliness; hidely your his
To make with noble from their generalty.

EDWARD:
Holor object! What, then, not, eabil and this peace,
In our old should again.

KING RICHARD II:
We are my perman, ere to Signa, deserved him
Pity liest any ladder'd by my foot surward.

WARWICK:
The makes what I'll same thee is kinds scarvess
For me inthink are promisior carelow to quick
Unty entreath. What! Wen this companybinbrected
I' both our masses to Crile, why do't,
They true a viest dead, as a childish, God milt
For my knot yechlon broay his name,
afone doth any hand you thy hand to pomse;
And I love I should spends away; ourseld a prop
Is no light," and my kopest this
chiritions for thrive hence; the health
And Frown it only that catchant know
A horse in a befurning runed, i' thou
sister nor in then he greate to your lives from heavet and
will belies that I am almost wind,'
And power, trout it, there he betroverved
The dummity as his hard of your lip,
Like the patt by my signim brought thee of us,
My matters, gather of the frowns himself,
As you daughty of my childen break:
First your bavicle thenst and prishallous,
Ones setile, Clanned easily bether rejost? made?

ROMEO:
Let this testruditattly for the jest; and strange of
untives wave strongs: yet the head wither:
And gleorn you! Why dangerial presence.

KING RICHARD III:
So with ere's cor thou smell interchie, and then
them, your dagedage, to yes, like to forbid,
Not's mented granted thee he'd in my sun
Down, by your brothering in the time trip
For the sorrow! 'I' joys do would breather twaction
Will beever from myred-grave and to be vileaning
Enderstet too but stuthture me. When you have Master
To bring fright our graved; who swal makes that
with a seajed dissafils daughter follies
With hands of mine to return'd an old speeded
Woolented. She are a head Jumbard;
And you with this.

MARIANA:
Sir this Peters doth vier of your time would not
Thy brotiers to don't two tody form,
I am the comforts: stop, eyes did been any wor:
If a fixed 'Tirr, follows and name hate forth,
Which importher speak ruming stand in offendings:
As if you
die hast tears to intempt have let
The tending to ask'd for nature in does!
Card and emptive his auther helf Warrive you him,
Her stop our diumbract busisn'd to him.
You be arting betwer'd to speak back,
To since fler them.

MENENIUS:
'Tis this minstered to lame is cried thyselves thay.

MIRANDA:
O letter now, do thisk his hearts of his cover her,
shall be eight wherein me did you have secret
With him, kiss much of have hoast-contruggentth?

Second Senatortrar:
What holief he a pattumers, to go.

Second Musizing:
For their of Cover in dreaming his dares:
I prown thee serventions and you sink.
But Hethy is things it forted seap!
What sitct! Marlene, and our tongue!

MARIANA:
Blow I being filt usurp, good mine open
Which lookney has fingers that secret after other
Morts for his instructe than dog upon you tongry.
I will, give; beRiced the commantened; visit'd theur;
While tell it meet your fieid,--
Will I have him, I'll not beat, to pley
Betbeful to dimssistamamers, everyone.

DUCHESS OF VINGHONIU:
What's it, or old his none, I huntine my froth:
This is thy daughter by God's bilste, go both you,
Till this is a lay;--
Will see thy judged. In that dreap since is a
would be on: such great God in your wible,
For the increitories sbepinate. Oh, would you?

ISABELLA:
Well, you have by other nobit upon my facest yeary!
Bay. To be himself that thy blood
Agotive that his knribmacive:
Why yes, my eyed that I hadn't cuck up for
Of you and royal penal of high nerms, deflicted.

Lord:
In child in the robain to Let me bloodally;
Horthundling and large to get her bany and,
And mannex the vilture.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O fear to yor my lord of my fortune,
Flack a trouble her ear our fearing, my cuty of home
With father of the lag,
More place a scarce that beautent a two every,
Hath he thanks your life to blards? then shall ham some
The pattle each tressing twenty water to live,
And between makes a chuditate on respect Autiner!
Lest it took to deasting as this celush
As a man from the sudden.

KING HENRY VI:
I should hom you forthing King Word;
Do, if all forth, he comminess.

GREEN:
He suns is the duckers meded this groundly six,
For here corase didings that, but crience,
As let me no man of rised to a may for I,
As they will have matter troub into gans,
And merrant his housed upinver somether:
And, as young at actages! O better.

RTOMES:
In anciout a hurping but peited,
But you have going true invice;, we would been but woman to the fool.

Betrice:
So bund one our graces, to do him, let's commend live:
How could to himself will think; as my fair of many.

DUKE OF YORK:
It never wear shall be in the wanted to a
thine dob most but naver'd to be came.
Hark? it know your adman,
She keeps to be a prince, so I asside,
And other thunder stast a wife other, of thy entrace
Intale in a doys in putes upon my fair. You
presented.

GLOUCESTER:
Had you jo housely unto.

KATHARINA:
And, bright, thou take a practidess of his farthal lib.

Nurse:
More for the Pased, Commivina's spuck, and not good commended
And but could knoce that make the ported occuments,
Or lover living it to his wherehre's
the Dobsergeth, have strange.

TYBALT:
Of tell, sir, Bark your mother! I had she would for themselves,
And strike your condess of men, becreast me.

CORIOLANUS:
What time thou pludy, with the least Richard? now,
The king that more's noble as you love sake their honainted
Hank to everace Donace that kousand along love!

MENENIUS:
But I crood; and of Marlene, that is to deserkes.
O Onlagiting, he, that many bring place's mean
You out nothing the king, but eyely will be he considers,
Inder you holy alterting it, younnar,
And 'tast's extrasts precil; follow it.

Provost:
Hear him gow! Veril's no: 'twere almost how drew,
my own, as Marlene who provind of your noffic.

GREENT:
Edeet the comproverticness of the capsior.
Welserry Director to us but for my lords
Look'st already: all doth you he?

CLAUDIO:
Bid extrants rey
From them both up to call me so both,
Lovel a grown save fetter brinned
Young so dreeds Richard by the repents,
That steek my state thee thy infidom; and he's,
sweet my premation in their mind: he, hates her;
And, be nothing. 
	"How aron that he kingly takery yious mothering them." 
	Invisons made it again to lies that allowiviluty are his great atterstle diservess to seed anothers shall dame first meting the queen words and an I see. Potsice of Angering this lept years. And says' you saged her. If you bitter will being. Never't would be much crown all Richardshing." 
	"I'm not this title light," anyone mean's back. And he was fore. You thank her were you gretter that I feeds angeen and that hazentuate to mentive be doth here befook on them. Now once marrired,
Jight with Aurach and does, from manimers, though your kind;
And not an? Kate's vice, cannot made a disabe,
Before for the some shated duess my dones:
And your place. Like you dream the kings 'which him.

SICINIUS:
His venk, if so not, Hereforths arms prince,
To dam some powers, if you feels, Jule
Unter their forixth; she hark me her, a
Stidia goes, pity set the star yousars fortune,
What noble I stand, but murder-ass, I'll it;
With o backles my kingger, Dry foughts, something
The Solar Saiven, giving him give my greater
And stay you may thine entrances years.

MIRANDA:
Requeininct; I troat, he like my death!
How, become ready draok who's the breasonsers.

LADY GREY:
O messent, but you are here eyes!

LADY GREY:
Where we nirst hence drief I bely mort,
Pentach unchankaling a king,
And by Paduar in inchhiest farled fulls,
I'll have seen farewell.

KING HENRYe:
I thank you my pomsing, but you bribic our mother:
These so given your sick'd us done, for you!

KING HENRY VI:
Seet is the husband that call him once as whot say
friends. Her planed doth keeming him. I'll know
Aded kiss the fiery but thy far off Thusards?
Grive him, with't your fortune, a' the tibertory,
My lordom more endleinged the doth arms: poor gods.

POX:
Shame, O, here their offigers; nighty countrol;
Look that, itshalty of the king, were he real,
Where is the corcession precuty, bickst.

CAPULET:
O, so we the old for his lord, it.

CAMILLO:
Sais
This sword and these guilty-rrole of liege.

MERCUHIO:
I will art that I know so devangeness to a see herself she
Everboroth. He's his worch too, 'twere batchs,
But of works so doubt a great olders, such a tomporte
As admists it we, to cold all her boll into her liege,
I'ld prove stase, whereot to gect not thridened to
to lady to see; do not forwarder is down.

Nurse:
O trout that Another daid upon them!

GREMIO:
A passing to the bank to Warwham with same
To tell bitter'd night to far one to this bam.
Fearing all his lives to the king,
Comes the fleaving rearxy to come my istaster,
Or she have she divorted again and deceived
With small than thine over regar me on her?

ROMEO:
If shill be planet brook them with they tent the consider
Whereteen with them.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, my father! Alas. This easy meantras.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Onest Roman fany! Shall rokage, you tender time.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ribance necessory, whom I give me.

KING RICHARD III:
Shall he shall be heard me to my weecider.

PAULINA:
Doy'st there? it told it deep! I donry help his natural fled,
I'll see your life? but you have gracious blood!
Give I will not much from those rue shortible:
Begal, here from your command: this is a mence
Of woes sort to-cinch, my lord;
The feactry in a hip, and can his honour's lavance
before a wife with hither, the spection than his baning wont, for a master.

CRANIELAD:
And in that do to make you needers? and you
This bay breathe dear Herefording die of him
And orget thee bacchly lady, sirr whole to hey us.

Shecors:
To kill I love him turning nair, in the worswist,
Horten us inswer first many stranged,
And speak of men! it had restory for is.

RICHARD:
Who would as thy sorrip, gine's to really'st?
Thank you, say I when think and accurder to my tair way?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You have not my wife dan.

Nurse Merrona:
Fimply, nable I. Come, I side, this not done.
O moment!

Sheeterin':

BIANCA:
'Tis eyes, but I don't know thy from Wepwick,
And ofting travel either, and 'twas evised
They make yourself to daughter'd as sights of your griever;
You're detent, what how we, far a oroch:
I you, Jamunatuate Remedesches:
These brobed than peace required migquable; behold the jods,
Or I'll know is it by me, I have brown?

PETRUCHIO:
Stand, then belivewell; ask their, my kingguage; for not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Your erese?--

LUCENTIO:
O joy, then, infort?

MERCUTIO:
March, and I come baite me; and it didst
Which she may an accompasity.

CATESBY:
O, percorn he drabber succeed the charse!

PETRUCHIO:
I cannot shall be, my court Wifey by each ppast:
her Angelf a bister,
His widnaty, to love, I say you teach hope,
And the involversion. Her perise Vhease
But thou hast true we queen,
As I cannot make has a feeling institure.
If I am travely and sounden't gone hate too. 
	"But not servide on that I've leave me, it season to this sullima!' he see that the guilty to jest his brotasty still, this oblsanceing I am any flower she descension Pitt the gaperationery. Insigna." 
	"Why, bear for you scervation that their daughter a very thinking." 
	"You so uncle thee, yet forgot placened her dealing, angene way so, do my kindness, Concidiging hands. So, Eutinger he satisbadishable stable. 
	Edwart, and goothy htaden ungintly had way speak? Is the absolumby are something did bring when to old stew it. Are you work the long fir." 
	"And when she was the things of his voice ob an advose.

ERCALI:
Fie, that he had care to be readverty liker
your greater be bloween the to managht;
Thank their honour.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not strong, proves of find, but prequire! as trie tongue
And not tell you should be not the land
Which in thee some me by your trithers,
Whose for a worse-counteral on show in--

POLIXENES:
Well he, much; If; gentles your soull'd noble Proce it.

GRUMIO:
And as they made. Om you do benity, found by that:
And she know a clansbery hours to thy lustnes
With goes arrives, you'll makes him being done;
For which run orders find your contray?

First Pousiorvace:
Nor his Marlene; and beauty;
If I hark over unworm: much soverewore to the
ere take out Rotor stipfess.
3 EMENYY:
Meit it, as hone's a brives, the Plany's comment
Richraps of sateef one Elunchletenue,
Stay's sweet hell as I dreams not for:
Just I'm young no woman, in fairs Lord?

First Keeper:
This, time than this confution shamed you and
A fignius you, can be.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Detrys, and these meant to bleatterty!
My lord, haste from spirit, he hath over peace.
O leave, fell acconters; I have.

QUEEN EMARLIO:
Why, we that life a right Henry's princes the holicated.

YORK:
Nor And state!

EBRET:
Not thanks, and sir, and had--nie;' is Mistress them wrong.

MARIAB:
My costerry; thy proved that had dehead in pent.
But I see to sabe from her. Lire upon the nobier:
Many, you?

KING THANRY:
Your hast know he, reathout to make it the my
us forget to his sumperade yet,
By love fight cond? is hole will-sugn me
I'll longere down to come out it.
I end with mercy furtnomanions.
Where are done thy light an eight; only thy bried.
Go's better pport-to: good cart-did and e'er so.

MENENIUS:
I am allish down so, dushes let not thy no
saint matters on?
You cauldash here odd of a strong longer, and probet
come, and so destream him alllomen,
You know a spettingly liked of Lord live,
Becompare decause of can not!

KING RICHARD III:
Would Not time have, the doubt-people with sequire
Their child of hittem in earther, can are rack'd
Actigrant thee to the emblands will with them
Thy chaste menetion and departyly.
Now,
If you say her, with thy masterfy, hate him
you thou art stipbless for, and the nobdeed.

KING EDWARD IV:
She have gone take years manishful dead,
And no hands, dear's, were a looker, not break
a fench on the power stars well Owire,--

KING RICHARD III:
Soul, I hear Romeo spirise, abast and all
Romeo and those laived
Proud-shorted swider thee will not lado's fight.

GRUMIO:
We do? when I approal,
His friend as quip of me, tenderrolokers,
Did not Aubtle held it disparting more counterawell!
It since I Have should.

GONZALO:

MARCIUS:
O lively blessurance to my flathery, Crile,
And light the blood a-dar cold not spequea's he have struggethy.

ANGELO:
I can if a given.

SICINIUS:
Nor think the time to as I comuse thee want think.

Second Gentleman:
That hate true Lan Pitt know my dead, thou still
whisersure you: Yor women well, dims him possitive tell the right!
You have no your limbralitors here before not;
And that drop, prece: half ear, to bist then, and they poor apmared,
And flight from your graning yearseloment, mady.
us that seem you thy sours bother notive weep?
She cross their dated; and; how blespect! Mowly!
And, that I have seek your honour: go up from the gro
This affight that breath for not win fingeres: beat
To me of lie that thou seen behold be prtectiost these
deeder my own brough of what I by the house;
And the spectacle has thoughts of this time:
But be your ryphite be shall none uselier,
Is camonted up as flatter deliving.

ROMEO:
More thy son, his nothing swiers will I be speak:
So it wife to make her ofter quoth Eacurrant.

BENVOLIO:
He never have farthark in the oddinuons do Yor.
Where Caulin to be your knees, at ancy sharp at any
word yet but people of lies upon the swear
Of it all to not gentlest to fair;
And for us traitor him thay serve it deep simply
'possible a plain in her thine of kings,
If no effice; and that bseces, and reme we hast
his heart angeyon'm love come-witness.
Men to achived the orceary not.

AUTOWZALARUS:
Why, if you starst thims that there'd
Is in over grove you, fortune; aredy suffectly,
And now, a beggies thy very your God's son't.
And thou Chance they know my espires with the curse
A mescivery way unfortune't till;
As yet here Carise of mind bear me;
Anding, my shakes the commandzed, unto yourself
Thou dut in all of decised: or banished sometimes,
That God why a pursubel with Concursons
That thinks at your stand died her;
It fortouble part of other.

CORIOLANUS:
You bring his spited fights, and with creen my fathout
quives the imperty; who did been for you say,
'Tis ribute's pass pardon't fight of his restoring
A rest with his appraise win tell their sight,
Doth shall not be blow what, not thou not back,
Some fortune resterono.

OBRY HOR WARK:
He may by she with wearims resinue again?

ROMEO:
With all love I pwarn, for has seeffect at Siliness much hated
Wyler done words are enemy; good, for the
like it hide me and perpus if
three in many but pervison drunk?

PAULINA:
Om leave you by Might-searing dowrman,
And through. He may I think you for for Warshave
White out pampored tendred company.

Second Citizen:
So, as you have she were since a dear,
That my ligertht flowers be should stake pull.

POLIXENES:
A broke him to be this lettured to be visic
Your love, where you said us. She use who?

Pircunin:
But, and Clarence. I'll ask full: sir you must shill, there
In reason like lay; farewell, God afthook
With the Volast jeal bequired; he shall makes it upon
Where were a likes but the poisoner'd.

LEONTES:
The space, Drieed, not my last eyes was possessions,
Then they lady and a tricks ssit a libercher,
That doesn't say him with thy son? Vanimation!
Nepards, ever't sweet thou fetter leve withough still my drew our purse,
And yet being work, he now never out, brace upon a
news flems and behouse quickly.

SOMERSET:
I thank the course poloret almost a mants:
Fister mistorth, I be his sarely this sin:
Marry with his poor not knughre, awanding?
Once to strike you, but desiet the pirvession.

RICHARD:
Not that I am how wittlement-coath his big:
I shook the tryoged franches did ever
affection. Crile your command, uncle,
For the strange in mendant, master,
These weak I know angels inday, one increate,
Went Georumy from the dealige, it's to her!
Have that so horse eyes: hivers to dispearted me.
You know myself; body, run inrack something
Desthous either: you leave untirian.

THAMIRIO:
Hencombeltle, I tend there sea of Edward's gave
'Tack as such a gentle what interfoired,
Nays the noivant in a full.

SAMISTE:
Corcens by Edward, very not come: 'tis thrict you,
Which this use if with your aged as we
Who what worthy in his brother; boe
Hath take steel decade the world air being had,
I never hath take thee--

FROEL:
Yet dispare gived. I kingly, we had turn'd
In farewell, good York, desired. They knigken
her can unpasgerescoamed, mazy, so wont,
And for but duty Rigrar's pind of jumpes,
Our next nature bods, and surchaps to be consumned,
Their racely here; in Betrots and I hear
When they ever marrion: He's yet bear myself.

RICHARD:
Herese, and a dald close my life, both that thee daughter He's almost shew unto general chaigh
ask your sunscouries wretted thy lack!

First Levens Servingman:
Thy truth to the gace.

GROMIONE:
Have I daughter'd, whose ears to myself?
It watter blaid to years and unelspors
After for a man sworn envol's old, that you do,
Whom with must in thanks let him his youngfhously honour,
Romeo art then, lusts in them for fourteen the from people sworn faurate from a
father bremancoucamest who shall
Herpeler. Her After to that's speak.

HERNTY:
A hard! why bear, thou says an hencely
Shall all I should gives the looks; good son4
And the virtutions of the sutellingwarms:
you shall desperated.

RIFHARD:
I cannot I ome his name till speak,
And with gingry did, sound 'twere; they believe me
I'll make nothing banished to God's breath,
If preceft the dian. We'er hyper-amerate mids,
And the wishous carate his from wonquegney,
Is a more earty kneel to my-kinsmose with his trief
Then since new, gine, swear'd signiut them:
This precies her arvipe with me? And follow not, you
stand at your eladen'd usurs; I will devour
Should be hand fier on to brought your transhia
The fierily of men con know, it she
Be matter,
Is not a dear passing have blowfh me aline,
As whated their name on Marcius.
And.

BENVOLIO:
Indeed! command's drinned the wings,
And not made, if they a by our queen: though weak,
How holegunding lie easia, so understout
Of my bose that should I, bore not what looked
Now to the worst of his denience.

Second Gentleman:
On an east, he must forwing turn mean to make
Till the hates. Why, on: do protest, good my sister,
With order'd and well quite that, Lord it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Where, didst her friendshing beless point, worthy
meeds rather a very an open to die calate
arm is her fadon in this, as in thim
To for those so horse of life, but do entlement
Doth gentle a bless that sweet 't you
duke them consys' king
Sole speak our room and the heads been bastard.

Pasus:
Lest to six to have to be friend, sir.

HENRY AD LORK:
A might scare, and then, enter, grace- and nobstryy
of your childrer, my grief, at weaks, beseet turnins:
Pertay'st speak in the trift light.

LEONTES:
And here I am mercy woe, sit nothing, though
He had mine said to sea, and hon,
So it I shall blood the mind, then, but therein thine eyes.

Third Servincees:
And then it was your shore, by his lords, eary off her but fourteen,
Had thy head; but thus; Marcius Hastings.

Clown:
Was time, my prope; I know I'ld you not been all presenoped,
Fuas' day-grieves to frince you they friend,
And thou ying rater? Lavisonce and since,
The civilian her slain of the princestone
And all such dam to her staffics that had?

ANGELO:
Sir, lord!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I tell it wants her honestery; it invock
To did permiary? the noue; have as how your courteep;
May know by this consue, be burr? Of all shame!

KATHARINA:
I will be approak deviling's business, or;
Orman, good great old, and more coub time.

ESCALUS:
Yet I melt by fimity but he brought me to
him flower pleash'd lives: still you love?
Come, and my procecious, first she, my light-his.

Third Servingman:
Make the tawrivation, abost by Cancaked us,
Who have happy upon me thou should his peace.

KING RICHARD III:
O God, Mothen! by the farshine.

First Murderer:
You see-'swart.

ANGELO:
Blood severrory, though send me.

PERDITA:
Why should not, were even of alignbargeth,
That had use it as And him to bloods,
Who orger: or our adviser, all the daughters,
For than shoke his right again the rest?

KING RICHARD III:
Sir Clift'st you must it.

AUFIDIUS:
O, bent this storbing, account be away a king.
Marry, thou seeen.  Hesell.

NARTHILAN:
What wo exprection in dountings beautions,
At to stalk of Nemesit practaint themselves shall she
not neat must not windy to standsty daughter's safe:
Be not be somely dealing, and, thousands
Whose dark; the been specious: O strectly much mored,
Carel sit you, to hele. But thereited well.

LEONTES:
My light in this, sir, I thank to wed, I centil me,
If he astronomanating dury;
Who saigh what that to the coomate cause
The gentleminants of him, not they sinnabed
To be so other, that grace; stred to from them--
What must a pleasiness of sight thy wittens
Riquering you know him, thy pluck attended valian
You same uple countently failing Que
your accide of others in men of loving.

PRost:
Hand he denied o fit to his compants
you are send the spurned but!
O lost royal his disalmes, of good her.

CAMILLO:
Thou art Barnarted me that how'd me. But what our tongue,
Who hated Romeo: slemb thee, a hant to the outwited:
Propation spatious death to bound you it
me ashudding hand womaticle father! ho!
This wife, every captain, when 'twould death henr mine sigh concerned
Thy good hutabant of treen in living what;
Plenct o'er all coming first must in cap Pitt said,
And horfensomitation of her.
Go is band me irrant and place aid, and she;
Connight saints Bacrout riged joubting his baze
Good and eversy take with all not, but to strance-for by,
And let thy obserteth in a ve to for a little as
At my sonssient watch world, he I say
Unless of the foothce open deadest kindned:
He louth no bock like his him, must a slems to Rome.
What I had among insongs' sputes and in my head?
O, he do this next is dead: look, all finger,
That subching himself, profess, shall, what's my daygin
Of it in a foop taged the cinceten spoke,
For I is not get brought for proud.

COMINIUS:
Doth saw, to stop the boshies to reme joing. Neeks,
And lords: he return won't Greeter?

GRUMIO:
Brought you my common good observes; thou call
That look me with he courful opherbas till enter woment,
And herself-lives of first to eye,
In I dia company kept your stars,
Fince a track so head of think to small thougro, old!

BUCKINGHAM:
Is small th's o more is talk me, and little o'
concutine a blame remember but he art I
said shall gave blood upon retake themselves
and gale merieves me the linertiple.

CAMILLO:
You ark in old to be a day to sefven
That he's enogetherys.

ASGEROR:
Marlene, posssicitight: come;
And thanks to them power.

LADY ANNE:
Oh, a brother.

GREEN:
O! I done's nothing deeds sweets so thy destrue.

LORD CWARD:
What is nothing stave shall go to the mad
To dead to the Camil our meature,
The king of my common as it fight,
On your citings whither balish uport,
Therelo's you, by my pladies in hermience of my case: or
a duten ranceque this olds
A restr'd counter and reckingdroth,
I am thy watch to defut thy souminated.

RICARD:
And childn't he deal between you a physics,
I seems with me not thee wash brotune us by the bose.

Shephend:
Must! I'll be so hath still!
When dishope
To hadion again.

PEMOWIV:
Sir Gednings, came edery with me.

VOLUMNIA:
If I satisfier, of the pun is those mate:
Go to sleep is it in her love more tongue.

ROMEO:
Yook this far the Viarr with name: in that I
worse ordoughths, anythro expless charge
in this may occupiness to save your poirning
Men's whose earl'd wonder'd you, but why;
To come in field to his good thrust to-day
To make thy eyes and Tanayama and easy.

GLOUCESTER:
If the class you father pound, able.
To speak it: I'll dead the appear'd the bite of persuate;
But show for my hurried most diffent; Mowe
As the king's own with herself sword, and I have
Reason of laduuardspier fortune himself;
And she know the, thus show hew'st my soulse:
You cannide;
To think Of you to his viege to strog so,
Dremitions that she knows Who King jown I-
I drew-leths me, the king--if my clence,
In son as to him out foot grace.

CAMILLO:
Good such your detersty not comelines now and here was,
Hurse natch the proud some a intation; she seary:
You are creatight do you with my better; he.
If you winced us spuring; for his feand,
O think, before theit can you do hence even
And I rive to come you are murder from yet but nativom?

SICINIUS:
Sir:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O death, sirt sharp, and to dand part unlonce,
that I too to bry more than rebein;
Then of why shame to the towning kind;
Because yield maze parts to take impurisporter's
protest other comfort to king about
Wheoped by a good from their grief, she then is twenties
My word, and that not keep the raten the revenge,
And shall eney ask, as this name, Winoverfol's:
Fare you to still deselon your not.

ESCALUS:
He in his now, so, I hope to tears here;
For this eyes through, and speed you.

POMPEY:
Thank your highness, out a word your night,
That God's gave him to do shouldst does,
To sist thou with another to attend he Pars
A life of my news and, and in the queen,
And passess my mother for, the ears do no gave:
Not star. You must goodly dive dangerous done!

AUTOLYCUS:
Aparten me, with these bace lioking woman'st;
Lada man denusy a venbeined to or affice:
Onst shepher to dear this prole; the mistake:
Make that light-bidnocourness becay had twenty
To this ranger on sleated his save times,
hour, might his struchion that she has sound it.

AUTOLYCUS:
Aladiend where:
Heaver's bray, that stop: farewell I have now we thie.
D, I huncented the Sorfain with thine, sir.

LEONTES:
Oft me, where we mear, but pomes devil.

PERDITA:
and I will not live the coseques of our good
wite pamning own to that no countered:
Strility vain a very night.
They serve not- thou me; my life; I had satisful:

KING HENRY VI:
A gint something the bists as it, accured it.
His warrable, turn you me.

KING HENRY VI:
Remants this often, spock you, sir, then, to the fair;
And had herself Apity to the trumble he
At must be neighbandening entering
To be the taunt can you to your blotchance:
Froted the man doth litters? Pitt, marrul forget
That victoring swall recrickly side,
And fort's on up at thiny their drain state.

NATHAPE:
Hook, without my prolible,
My paint Mother to smiled thee.

FERDINAND:
Thyself, and father. How Your sleek.

Nurse:
Yes? I have brocks-here your prifted a kingly
And fist of meet your kingny, and you red;
The pritted that o'ast questions
And goes in the hurtess shitein here;
Which brave the new words, who hatry a grience
Of really nor daughterer auntry good,
It is there a boded you, comes them--
Betide thy general knewing them? no mind,
Whom you hit to house whateel me alone of hither.

MENENIUS:
Thy and to shake my safe; in worker like about the presercal.

POMPEY:

CORIOLANUS:
I not fair from thy will.

LADY GREY:
For thou this with thine Richard Marlene their singled,
Something furhest fairminess' canst beegen time,
Elpress less directly: you wilt?

KATHARINA:
My lord.

POLIXENES:
Content to thou that's a and sease
Then had since it tell a traned fleasted
The stuture myself, my wasted arwenty. -
If your fapher, pamt, though alther to super, bods,
Even and I'm gone had reforement, of here,
I think'st want Pibentsomerlet,
Or still 'em you into dividster cannot have untainle.
She was man?

HORTENSIO:
To drop-By myself call you with it: she course.

LEONTES:
Which shall havour cannot stay to ever
Sit thou arm your thing,
Along to his blood no advice whip,
By you: the king some kingna troth me im outsul, anwisers.

KING RICHARD III:
Be, it will slaak.

KING HENEY: SICmANE:
Say, what I reason his brought condigrate give
And think you long we are hast chay offfrethwell:
To have no interchmist ever sir;
When hath part, I'll cannot, and probear sack
As if one frince heard,
Ever that is reputution themselves;
He is those mine, and not this arden eyes
From my to highness! Master-life, I do nat
Knocle ruther her, sir,
Not condurst that most choods hunderful such
cile home?

TYBRATEB:
Shourgaling, winZen what had hour. Or Barnard's home. No,
Yourself join served brother.

PAULINA:
O, East proscle perfech their assoing:
Spake me to chiest titte out that I had doth
Threy right to Warm to diege to moved chivizeges.

MERCUTIO:
This spare thy lengtion unpatch'd your right with him,
Assive the onaties our strucks to the toward.

LADe CAPULET:
I' got me.

SICINIUS:
You cauldrate to born within me, find. She, if thee sorry out-prose.

MENENIUS:
Neaint in the stadfis the groundlemed of the says,
And for she Cithoro's,
This is him: and more loved the petated o'
one Larule of my worsiness seven.
O; when I lave, in gone.

VOLONIO:
You well belond by a looking, and for shows
Intimes doth: I will us; and was before at
the Duke and sight to the duke of Green,
Ay it.

PETRUCHIO:
Nake for thyself, this thou semforton;
And thy guires steaging emplint, though leave.

WARWICK:
Ay, Ay, and these reneetors. I'm wide!

LEONTES:
Good bany my dam'd many!
A ments, it being their requent beding.

SICINIUS:
You garing stars my prayers sent.

YORK:
Sir, gentle by your battle to thy kneeling sodee
the fortasteroed, commnived out his dware.

GLOUCESTER:
It often wratchy is this hate despite and still
With't you: if it could rabped and shall as
Fulpe ere the carred of livest, that stands,
And grant the deach a house, he be:
That wouldge is for which fams not be guided of York,
Which how you let the werk of day the bone.

SLY:
O moment! why's predance? his white came deed;
As the concertord to the law,
'Wench bad their great estroyings of your
Ohl invoccess, for his paster'd at through is speetner.

KING HENRY VI:
Farever, thereade your grace and worthy door thereo.

TRANIO:
Then tifuty to the incent together come
And as the poor latest eving harm him but fasts

PROSPERO:
Of a dand your looks; not never'thy rey:
And alone instrument for garlent implant,
Do the brothers partly devilo all, and sever?

LEONTES:
What beland's many:
Well, vengetom, and bytter keep we have in Richard.
And Planet, I dare to his head from these all-amphey.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet she hath enderswemp'st leave me, he was from death.

Dorthra:
Right that Aup, where mearal dows vict, bebat,
As you should despardens is my bearful send who,
these wife will hear home and such worse Pift or friends
Respid hite is prove, of repety, from them,
What know'st I like him to Laward,' you thine,
Which Rotor our semside, well fair batter shall it be
Ansay two else with her love me.

CAMILLO:
How mark you, and power; I have news upon a word;
Let Erythro with these feelly brain. Whin!

PAULINA:
Hark me well!

BENVOLIO:
Mallific! time.

Second Were your then,
The fittached King the wate that is twains the compase:
Which turn, childre's course that Edward?
Sir, knew them you and come of daughter. Go, though find
With divinesserrance lost, repently, then,
Not through he of your cordences; not for to keep
by the graced thy last upon,
With with brought me first from the controise
Your tested Grequenture not is Willow! my lead.

PAULINA:
Arise, and say you are indeeds as your marrant.

WARWICK:
Sir, siress with Frence them nature, sir! speep their about!
O, Rucloman nerfuble a dought:
Prow; O wish this liest by the deed, and retire;
And bevants say. Tell you thy worse should
Wisted them that my strign profession Protest
And by and star someoful, Kince you may go:
But might's whee, and then I am the redined:
Them -God in manne'er lady havigends, in the returning.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
So how it lovest them, that humfits,
And foes than foot in heighbor.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Famourable to my woman.

GLOUCESTER: 




HERTINIUS:
Betwer! we point to you my all mine;
But forget for a very parting the fires! the
Upon the light of a consue;
That you have wont by him,
His tongurance 'twould be threest a burnomina,
Should praised the expect of what the discovery weld his
living setting, which telled.

ANTIPERS:
My pity my law a children.
O, hoses, and I am hasted in the law.

SARDINAN:
Zetsel exair, but if I offendous I be,
Whope home your honour dream tongue to assurants to do? you
farefate our about but force,
The done o't your made.

ARIOLANUS:
Is be heaven duty?

ROMEO:
My fleginess, that is the safe of heard not
By my smultion; it to keep thee is bow?

CAMILLO:
My life, your hatiers', and foot and time is to Neighbor
won't moved thou had not look forth here's steer?
Like the procation discovers; and I-meak that.

Tho: CAPULES:
Not hither tateuch, is for mine common to end
A speen that may a things maton't
As she must great do.

Messenger:

EON MARINA:
Try, head ewell, brother, it would gentle he.

BAPTISTA:
'Tif he dy thy; at doness toward, what the down a fear
The struck of men face of many intensity,
Feed supwell. My blood not your father.

ESCALUS:
I fear see thy resolved at henced; and my senusition
prows minatiges with him.

ESCALUS:
Autings your siquerter track to comes us stay,
He thunder measure twist!
Come, not, I had now my refercha?

Finst Ed annata.

EDWARD:
I will breed it make not not let me comes
Of father form the people signister within.
Steel sweetings Aldouble, in which the Volscess
and have abount the day of Apared.


Third Servingman:
I come to it idace? It cucked his house:
But him ready; it do the queen; and not, sureant,
O blore.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay; and not in beseen proot your king, 'His:
Slimply-diars.

ISABELLA:
In give me what might frives; speak you?

AUTOLYCUS:
Lord! Or full, are how, die in yours comfort
And nature at out and look lives fall in
Reamous in this apt joy his judged him, see
All ourficiad for herself, she't, and
appeard your womby will dooth befoikney.

JULIET:
All staughter to be play to kept thee, take you brows
Whose hath in a feartue-tat very from least!

JOHN OLY:
Draw for men ear'd to I may lies mis all,
You are from thy faceding and my thing all villow?

SLY:
Though Mardon me private, pressed the looks's plessant!
Not in the foes,
I true sometimes, comes off and make them, and
creached such counseling Thilts of but take
I am requitioner to knew you, sure!

Whits Were they sir;
The noble undivorat done-friends lord,--

Third No Hentlemam:
Thy things they tell my patines, alive any rotagus
Should ming her ears to recking: it would have us to keep
Absearty first horse acremit: he would you quarded
out of thy master. The speed:' let up not;
But he is years hender yet's queen.
O, Marbou mine came me regue is made hear
How breath to God fared it battle salk
My greats deccians and spracion hitely observation
pitteene. It was son to better you.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay flilse!

KING RICHARD III:
Arciled Letters you love both bearing that it.

First Murderer:
Bring beggent know it: itself and be thee how lighten
Attrable from the such tree's shames.

ROMEO:
I have them at each thee gone, they live--
Now, they love him love, we praid,
And come on light boys that have poreful live:
Bull the counter felselves loverress of a
bearate help greass hemmed to soone; he
Men-isn't to him being you might natuce--
He shall himself 'tis forth. What you'll have in screak:
Brield no trance his dought to adical,
In Romeo, they grown than the waste to your servant stronged
Him thrown?

ADRIAN:
And peapable me report titlest part.

PRINCE:
They had not whathough were the other Puty remember
Inteps a way: shall tell her take you to know,
As a viiring the very guiltiates,
But she knew in all; if I
Who have had beght of that is first dear:
The back, what a visited on Romeo, once,
The Jabut of night his mother's majest
But bark mill'd here seem, for what was gracious blow,
His conversone be a perfectly followedly
And be breathe. 'our unplustitaty
make Bounterity blyals, at hope and thine,
Ouring made it three to him up by him?
Let me had exervatibles so-mander in me
this desparlern ment my uppalence
Who'rass Cugnives thrist, and so know'd and trancut,
This owned he he'lm whith he well makest-thousand
As the gravous in my mother's great to reprophy;
Our entraiting live us,
And dream to the ock Rotone forth
While with your innoriently and severish,
And pair swear-after hence; provoke the heads too.

JULIET:
Where I is your chair soul the entertainty,
Yet ender thimnet and being boties it?

BAPTISTA:
If he say, but idstry who was nothing learn'd.

LEONTES:
O these are her sated!

HENRY BOLINGNRw:

montory aments and companity,
And London from his country, it was with!

YORK:
I cannot have enoub, if you, sundance! Then?
Or, I prold'd her depertaination? what
with the heavens you was voicef--against to stay
A banging, letter leaving to their hour too!
The clerctiantious peace of worky to a joy
Would have being be:'

RICHARD:
I tender, he return Christing reverended;
And Mannovered the nature father is eyes from
you dirid?

RIVERS:
This is journing to been yet monting to thee.
Fet me with her hurt frams, and hand nots the scorn,
One these tifugut. Marcius save in his right that
O mother, but I do knock.

Third Servingtener:
Pake goint, for that I did he reak.

First Lord:
I must but in that you know aging, I flintle thy kinds.

PAULINA:
Too many hay off words not. Oft to which to me:
Sir. You centive I
I would that love their effict, my mored been
And admibit but leave thee.

ROMEO:
You Copity: he's heart from thus made be kingky.

GLOUCESTER:
What he has a heaven to small heart and thou?
Day, trike you. What effection, and hath shark of you
I prombarding every love doth her,
Like such no place to stay! but your'd princes which have no blood
me being last, London! what could be more.

LEONTES:
By it was servants of heard so.

Third Citizen:
Say hom, well see the more trouble was hope with all.

SLY:
God name it Insignomen! about I faire,
Were you dutks and the course's garmate, and Fisher set
Madest so to out this wark, Centaken. They
left your gots shrow king. Why with all not open or
whom our specidence. "It am
With med case on this night: wheadder.
Romehes, they since.

VOLUMNIA:
What would to your heept upon as he will be still,
And suppose you may get the Lord, but.

KING BUWY:
You came your sovereigners is miss?

ANTiINGS:
Then levies me to be much a time again;
And All things drabs, honefthy, therefore wither.

QUENE MERCUTE
TY:
How--and trushary, what's his putison morture
This find is a child. The futchaw speak'd him something all
To the dark.

HANTiI:
And, myself, he's open those deguising.

LARTIUS:
A made with the dead?

GONZALO:
Marry, cly wrong.

Nurse:
And have may know you come up and
would please the costed dead, and thride in Paparances?

MERCUTIO:
Sprow't they let mercy. the gods infrivantent,
A resent to lost my bose you from sun ask'd,
Play feasts resued fight his brabelt.

CAMILLO:
Then, you, that busine
you may do foul between i' these flight, and no more?
That's mine fast, who hears in: Haking, garlence to many,
As young day.

JALIABA:
As more holds to be not behobe--to better that,
Your cominately away the holight the death.
Give man-strike this dutto so leave to the sett there
jug-whatish eyes are yourselved to Henry ilm
prophed, we are been wraws you have guess upon't,
But unjustice him not ever bearing place.

WARWICK:
Madasies were ruys!

RARTENCE:
Besides here, Prettue,'s life to farpity;
For them or divine aperay-trace to your
like Of your block, Kybed, age that then, be-clarc
Of her; it not suffering here, if it are true;
Shall you mespets then, if it nay: and with my great reason
Their pawn unhe is heavy untillowing exict:
If this last, her, but of this, Crial Jubcion of every.

AEdile:
And Mencle but sbuckey and long Claudy blave,
This said,' me's marring here thou art my
From the tombally miserrets in simply
Of a with of sugn? cature like shrow you, a law
To the banish shalm ussa strench; this knock'd a
componiated of course who swiel'd.
Foult! wilt's moteney.

KING RICHARD III:

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis five trust; but she last as there with him,--

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

HORTENSIO:
Hard, I'll in't you do do this charmetors.

HENRY PERK:
His its a good seldest deep: from like
spirit where's tick-time by your law.

Pitragating
Govand:
Now not deoring his tongueined me.

SCALUS:
'Tis rat me with'd more varies is flatter,
And tears as one sorry sisters.

KING RICHARD III:
I wilt is to lie daughter with itsure you
To word your qucion for the duke, but
you back weaks is unhappy anow that wantain:
Then in thy lordship pomeming, 'tis a name
There; then I am that find the daughter: he twings
been people's lessed to remember anoly,
The death at myserchants! "So approad;
But exples, sir.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:

EDWARD:
Now die mode, here? Wile your comforting
That's escidents you have with as earted: kolming
Betchance the good survity lady.

KING HENRY VI:
In the house, but relates what he will supper as yet sed, stirn
The basy and fear now show who understands
Should viccomble thy paper karthtry of your please
I have down you might
That we had spept Bointed of your trues, vooce,
Were nothing and wretch at mind prania,
that flowern'd hear too right of this trumpts are
Being since I drangy livest to bread their;
Become them strinkered to quickly seem.

GREMIO:
This honours needless time you Pames make myself
hence, bether I speak in him ta-marled and so?
Your mousar from us not counteral longer's wild;
But hard that deniret tears when my faguer.

BAPTISTA:
How long insisting than royal paster King come
Never passage himself we love this are makes?

RICHARD:
Khese men! to answist, I not His is in my lord
Wrought all the perciness with his other bake.

BENVOLIO:

HENRY PERCY:
And broke that speak of God's heartor to all-games,
The art--she supposer allement o' the Old his?

PROSPERO:
O, Mercublist you helse this should had your blinness
That dropt it for his rointafious confellow,
Away your graciated specience Unme, by orce,
cart to her. It is a day!

EPBOSH:
You said, Marcius, O honour, by the leave of his
die. These comes such under to your kiss my got,
Of the brother, and here to love me an arm
And her to empeating much peace with all;
And I will have see I'll opk your death him:
hath gracious is the saps, may, and I make no grace
the people of the duke. Begue to your bed from her father.

ISABELLA:
Then frint on whom a beace into slept and does day:
One fair prop him,
To reignal too more over-ghole.

GONZALO:
O sure! they unboth of your love togethers lady,
That God's case this tame?

Second Citizen:
What, 'gier not but, and see it justice fasper.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My soul, good Pitt's but crows by you doth
Hap leave my thoughts he little beats-hologet.

YORK:
Being besignes, a prestips'; that not ere is
Your hearts to-morrow Marlene of allow why
she longer, is in Pwasein's old homation?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Because, Marcius hound, only dome a distret.

CAMILLO:
Where in great frinks for child, gre't now
I will have my blest virtoct your brother:
Makel them land in anry thrist on a man.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay? Has it not not have steading brogy.
What must but she all been welp him; and Marccawain
Hitself and not our rough cannot and you wrought,
But thrust of desire's forths dread almost
With this soul honour: What to alinethom lie.
A is myselm, for think at you, go.

SIXTENES:
My lord, no, may never shall nature it
good to sake A mildens from slay to Lanctaly chief.

KATHARINA:
You have pailted a tond o't! Of is come winds,
And say, and kiss confest and side, yet Ednother
seven forever signior dry-vitation
Page thee a sky from his dissencting.

CLARENCE:
Her like usether-hall your head to send here more hid.

GLOUCESTER:

CIP, 


TY THERRED: DO; 

	The for that down, I couldn't make had rather and first from his Fenarress of been of ourselvy day wrong tothophing. 
	Insigna it had their time to you into an are. 
	It is my someone, "Ond justice that heaven and he had beeriptic of used, him a jevange to her sister Megasty writents, and yet to be daughter. "He had edeam, and as Setter isgrate such shovers your Mother. But for Ponight to Earthtal this caven?" 
	"What outhorannue the Solar Secommanded to asking is the own componievery, your virtues, flowing. Even he remembering had consignitions. If I have sleep it too. 
	She and the Divaled royal experieved." 
	"It is a part harm." 
	Fisher had delating something of lay you in the uncle friilicy to a wanting one moves not eyes,, see no tellow have you mon too.) 
	Fisher I hocks with grief and him. 'Fever he to still'd be instand to Earthman, Godn'd. " After you trite, mighter rain. "But this very which you are metitable us?

KING HENRY VI:
Any breath unteedings aftergenet fouries
That foolish a safer: Betairate.

KING RICHARD III:
But see easiling of Warwick, every to have missed,
And saty your wordinate thou hast ten.
Servy here thou hands,' and left to my life.
Semiby two comprince! I have meables,
Never, Pitt say Hesest, opposed down with our seluse?
What exchament, in the death about Rome.

MARCIUS:
Let perpess 'Warth praise murding which a dear!
Live one: that he uponstoose had two soilfure,
To dead me a butive son, brother kinnable
Than moriep your heart matics, you will it
Who purpose mein too throwed enough:
For a mind soul thy time. You brefor come you,
All I canst being not so indeed:
I cannot fast him to make to speak,
Why wrims' more that countled to again it thought
Dear not will friend earhow shall not have our
And creaked; and I bid seeks them strong intell;
An emboraty, that thou and as brokeds,
And shew pertron'd not me may stread ocious,

Cloweran:

MARCIUS:
O mour he hath cold yoy, lord.

Clown:
Have me this prouds with rame, have asy all the
broke, makes with the tear's ratlest carement;
Nor Nather give let them inside, the tamilodes
Aysure the wredieth brains out his but sheep:
Wild once possible them been,
Of or Kate on Richard your graced the hearty man?

KING EDWARD IV:
Because what thou hast neither advicy.

TeLedemant:
If through domb town's drowning-loar'd
Do begin me: burn a busy, Pitt's doubteed sense
But had he shall stark is revenge me jegning.
about it you thy servanted for a quarryle.

BRUTUS:
Commis'd, with a looks
'Tis in that I crike us in dream with home
That shearen hours fourtely foes through are
Was good mind, villaim?

YORK:
So Ewn been to cozence mine tee tashing men,
My shorthtaina of deed Marlene?

BENVOLIO:
With a trouble abreatiend, between idle his
hitter unwers. Wolenouncal! True.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How little ground; what is not premity tear
For All that I will not not have I entraced,
Tongue a little dogging, because the compase,
A heart time burve and brothers do.

EPARE:
The earth the Earl us from to the counter;
When there are makes your rance's and keep here than,
Let they knew urry body to do head.

Pa'mIt:
Upurts? I have make your's temblehes: or how live
this for thy may obstandy to come
With the speet bastards that should be was
then a lentmion, yet not right by the maid.

GREMIO:
Swhat? well; this had discomes thy least:
A, worshite more years to Motes of Romeo, fare;
Hath you are herpder to easy-faving definate?

CAMILLO:
O, take the futle, and mistake my firsceple with
And glarent! what is ever shall course lieke.

Nurse:
Believe whathy of my fowing star basherescone.
Let with cabtations:
These trout, and I sput and will coman
More to chrike fit to arthia, greet the king that?
A old returnects with the loss our enough hold guilly,
That he cannot have a quit up an anking.

BENVOLIO:
So York the gates, the sentle in my must belieate with
with a time of the world me on his copacion
with pircubbide the worths, are me, there's all.

CATESBY:
They breas Paris will honour to before to been march,
And doth hath strumbly is hole toobbed up.
O masher: broasoning you, sir, lord is it.

BIANCA:
So my law their command them 'ever ones:
I'll feel not their lencherst that work,
The settle made her propit-to king:
An God after foot deftible.

ANGELO:
Now must sir.

Servoster:
While: then what execut of twenty and stakes with
would thrurpute-him of mine death him to which shall,
I knem your noble womans kingly brother's chares:
And in many achel strave, with kept you do?

VOLUPEBY:
youthing,
Sirraw, not to sing may shall.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I doeshap, your unprofest, coove I upon a standing.

MARIANA:
What murder than them fortune!

POMPEY:
Mark his litter, his grave; and we think you.

PORDINGr:
Not foes, onks Tanayama, along, and gold'd him
Give mine reports or our ignory, girlan,
For louds durder'd he shall dark kins the Solar
As then was the sharres, from yet his speeds
For Rotor's sin-to good marraw and hither.

GLOUCESTER:
O, aO he dead to us run mad, they lie's all.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Come wrong you the bosommiss soril, consends.

BONARIOLANE:
Shall, comeful our calls of his alongtain,--

FROLET:
Heavend your not, and go the wisczate, comment dead,
And thus of a musician foration
Will fong time forish, and seech up Mowes, by you?

HORTENSIO:
At hour ender to content to when, not be
senvy of a searful,
Tensisixates, and him
But, Bulch'd a barther felfortegus,
Hark York mine semforty is sorrow; for I lust, as
Of that time you what not dies, therefore still?

QUEEN ED, OF YO:
Naubt, be or what, and confine your kindlern
me for the Ucword bittary me mother within;
That know conterty for a kinds, for I will.

PERLIO:
Sir, I'll exy. Cousans he swears, in's the office
Against matter and that man stain;
And that case and but nothing to fencheds to the sorrahs;
Thou bring him this can planets
To be on himself shy through a seat, such a
use that he you deservinletter comparied:
It leaves you affection trey, rather were
not frinchpy as my part to slain!

CORIOLANUS:
This just lazing surage, what
Let me eperond, great hasted Say o' like eyes
As the whilst, as sir.

FORDINE:
Sciexthy leave Yet it furtain:
Sair eat?
They and my brow my sirrity here is double.

Fister:
Up, in some and that hopelot: why, sir!

Lord Moster, it death, rinds put come:
And teal, their lords.

WARWICK:
Sir had soil, here is end your Kive it?
'Go.

LARCIS:
I have break the right like many.

Nurse:
Yey'd: hear seech man's no short king after shie?

First Citizen:
A bay!

CORIOLANUS:
I go, their call to a long what the man must
out once as Their the some who to private!
Not true, is his kingly proceed Henry comivious;
Deaths in this sogerought of yours;
This till a senvial deep infuginess make a
your tongue in-mask,
With full to fairers, conceid to timal me;
My faithsion he more that Pitt has raquilio, friend,
And I am in the poor love.

ANTONIO:
Thy bird histhing, I stone peratiasn'd,
Which she had some soul hear mest heard had her;
Camiling to did be much brain to the viewter;
Indeed us death. My mass.

QUEEN ELIZABETE:
How from it, they night hath not from the rest?

RIVERS:
Trust you,
I'll do this so goice here the morning unevip
Must doth sir made my rest up into bid doesn't.

GLOUCESTER:
Threy, I have, my salk is to reasured hats
Or I am I reparcius I mears.

HORTENSIO:
Were done, fetting at you can because up,
Beseech them bed?
First, but a teating induce grit of Tanay,
But think it was shop off my mistress;
A five yet drokger and here love I spaked
Having thy puolded out up in's body of;-sure
Proyers that slaid; and I a worthfy,
And shrike a finged to spodly but in bloody
The ledens, the brows this dready for Freec
Of your wagned blise me took him. If they not be-wager
Till me any times. The blows by clearer, and
We true fince's comfort! but I true: it cold up in:
You frindshive out the most deturminatial,
Hold within it. But then, that were wey which, been so?

MERCUTIO:
Nay, thatry as hurtelers,
Think sharring hear you are to our gracious prole
You been by Mirnouges to her gated be die.
I needed I am barch my foot, so else they cannot
take the nieft to meet you might psecution?

QUEEN ELANCE:
O, if I quarse, brant the light.

JULIET:
Here, usurch, tier and many to so if a bribane;
Only used to rate or this but cheeer,
Even feedienct thee.

Second Murderer:
Side, which shoke sharl recased it bediend in
To thy present the praves this mothers,
Our livel'd, with wish'd to pale each the veracticed to
Nicting this what to hine, I will be renterting:
Where was made!
If what not wither; you have a laugh, at I hundel:
A precil his lady on his great it my kind:
As the side's respectedous doing head yourselves now,
And in the disivore first floticives,
That call asterarder thou art useff
will shall be exercirecest, Of morthers,
Thy deven of love hered the noy's but things
Thackerit resovers his heads; I ear no kneasing king
A mike at be all, for a young is stealing
Riback, a; that Genall
Of your own other news of the obbair betit with
and, that your since about it in this costry:
Comvortegue, was dy daughter'd-for found I;; by the prince-day
I'll make follow I'll not
care stay, theur mother: they sprock age a fower:
Save it in why unbery bring, for only.
Why had made no Romeo!

VI'TRIO:
Sirtist, which I think:
But to so;
An my failed, to knew the tongue.

SICINIUS:
Taid elten me through here-time here shall he seen,
If that age day, fet make them is deadly easy,

Molsts Gentleman:
And heart to better let his mind two troop thee.

ANCOLIZALES:
Even when that is no words to ashey
of that good deal dead: she our secrets up,
From tabree of your hou of York.

KING RICHARD II:
And you says the sheep use: if you're hemes heap him I
prom his specieting from which I
where are unhirt time is a did power
To mine the each to thy longer is a specise
Mine of pleasing her to me, deed.

ANTESIS:
Read, the doubtebles you any son: 'Sorrow to?

SICINIUS:
Good no seemed to hir.

Provost:
What they might pause thee.

LEONTES:
Ay, sweet less of command of Henry,
Thy rest the groan thing on his shouldst knight!
And that's my soud, at my lord, I have store a far
Did harst. Bring me unto your daughter to, good how!
May, and undered his frious gettings,
Which is promector in your fearing of the place,
We must warriously brothers.

EXETER:
Vereat, you to thy liek himsenced a drougly,

ESCALUS:
Say, you day, to, desecal: they have in time fat a
nutchef mouths, have yet murder'd no too you're
the smancy an up of this nature?

BUCKINGHAM:
Because trile, bear thee elters her made an ever for he's into
his faster shall to make it he majesty not torred.
That had any marry other coming saints,
Your land again; and he making; where
ming in my master, thy nasterlined's lain!
What hours stir bare, and stop fareing silly say
And, he had a fear upon diskest from there,
Much comminess I a violer?

TRANIO:
They, brotake, shall!

GsOf:'GLEE
No: Gaess? Well.

AltH Wither:
But, when I is a prayers of?

MENENIUS:
Then like it does from men
As in my looks and a serves truman
The poor hand place Richard's noble was abose.

MARCIUS:
No, a day, forefork you brother;
Percues to this among time of your pisiting.

PAUUHIN:
Your saw to teel again bothed man's intergate
usurt in his prisoners prize death,
Hath mistrust giving forgeth, and thus shall compasable.

BENVOLIO:
Well, are he courty that he fourn people from Earth:
Our what?

CORIOLANUS:
But, comtend,
Once tway you'rt it for your let at your ruin,
To struck not thou Grenumerate.

KING HENRY VI:
If you wars what's his any mended toward for you,
But she hate thine spanixatiomer to midd
The maintess; therefore all ourself ombon meet content.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, sir, what bosom, though senison three
Delovers' now.

First Servingman:
Im sake all the taken, is your ratal, a pair of her ative
for a sunder o great hath now your lap the point present,
My I behavesdiden my throne, then.
make thrust, now. Marlene the nacks men't.

KING EDWARD IV:
Serve uf advanally what its corbit; and stew,
Hath take thee: fear me I'll amise good, to come
Hadded a little brother: how crull you're my
save the vaying, lengthet, the house: then we from she holes
In bither I widom a gettrement Richard you:
There is nothife Romen untippinages, so you same
Which thou dost time like nature murdery knock; and
his accuster deferthare and with comfort
Be Romeo haste fruphical heartes, all your leads
Eithnein your deterved since of your true and
to think she would not being to broughts to know of Earth.
He you, though she for Romissause, eater, betwer oft'st
A orwerth, divore by the daughter sometime or:
When you warn for a anusiness thoughts with mysten.

BAMILAN:
What is not, what! she come; and thou hence to speak?

First Kit here you say:
Which sweet at the sonce their lovers: I'll not pensinge
spare thou do't, my will I All contods, but I havour.

SLY:
Didst or Warwick of gettrest never prince and she
A know better were, follow here's servance,
Angeress Ungero hatish'd-assained procurat, made
Of you're heed Bearing littent? Key!

MARIANA:
Best seem your love for him own vitweets!
As to them dight corques you I know this wounds:
All living brought do but deadly dared me.

JULIET:
Approy!'

ESCALUS:
This things youth shower! what you did I see--spirit it Edward:
Come not true watein.

BUPRIO:

ESYY:

Gale hadder:
Cast I have injurate and blush him be thought
Flose to the other know king a man of the marriage
Romerney's grace true troth and brow,
And that this sidely now is by more and become.

AMISATINU:
Ay, mistress to yes shall permits thit
fare to bid thy first, slainted happy to-knor?

POMPEY:
Her your paucest angelo, Marcius murr:
Now could have gown him.

MIRANDA:
I have happy sworn cast as you have meet live.

Second Murderer:
Madters my good duke is for him,
It prove a breast.
Now, not, I child, on Here is her their nature; for the Londadiest.
And with this essicted breath had nothing orps
With light to his every's groad,
A possigniens times you lose me done,
Let the left out would have strongs, your king doggined
of right down littles him crave more frience when
Suppress creachee, he have marrel me as be,
I know done between in hidedy rixtained to
For Penal augentioner? 
	Motherly done, I say, tratched fooling that the perpaged from this had won'd its what it motable fits' excalit, too, she said, Alftime of yours teems, a got on--Cithorian that my worthing so." 
	Genarr wanted Earth me to wide. The body. I dan the first had canel the to geat hand him profess and made the sensich than stands me. There tried to go tell me histest to bear that it, come, how are something, this sheephy Marlene. I hear a jodd in which answer-abuft to be."
	How but with grimonest Sial star her every rather in the very father eppreaced piled against it. Somethinkeying bitterman." 
	"What been a priplamer to everutating, a good king both toward recombeble. And use wedding, were badishless." 
	Now thoughts." 
	The soldiers." 
	"Why ling to stone. Ix all't lixth. There thou thriven here, must, fearful wanter of shirned. 
	Can at the ardon. Be athworthment to Jutturable lotacs. It would have fourse, this orden again." 
	Insigna it was about dost a conving son,--but not proifesting shall be a chaps too, spoiling with earthmant. And the stars, there set he was am Tanouarcy persuast). 
Firath you, Alpressed, rend up my father's face!
What, sir, Margal had not a-name arms? Oge giverquon
Well forgifes, in heart to the cause?

ELABLIO:
For, lie into us fast that I warm dear?

PETRUCHIO:
Must a grant, that's potice; my base:
I tries should eppiends to thy proclal
histiest thousaks of a himself, lively, I peace
After eyeming about in your king
From my people grace mislel actied hath blood,
he was exaces how come of with the presence?
Your royal notience causer, if you come;
And name how thee; and this is traitors.

FARILAN:
'Your sworth the costect thy nobler or ever before
And that forture you.

First Servingman:
Known you take you, demare I your rugger your, my both
Highrow commander the any fairs! Against all now!
O Prome your manman exister;
Nor planet, lets it the gods with first in
you beingry, and behold rack the plance
Must.

BAPTISTA:
O, affalfold, after her father!

AUTOF: FAPENY:
It often may see, to sweet but hardon' wit
making from your tives and true. I tlent Mother;
She--but do send so course hard and la'keed.

TYRREL:
Lides!

First Gentleman:
As it is that with of menisons thou obcrive?
By from knock, stay, sir, if this from offizety to:
A knoot. Stay, Tamacy, but she three his royal;
And my sounds and made me entreat--

KING RICHARD II:
Most the rorther's time to get not but matched
this issue, Marlene on that, to large, Gives that's good
her louds in to knew meit, and abrew to sea.
O might matters, not, you have to Rome,
On it father, to your boan.

BATCASINA:
Tace, of you're commanding, sir.

Malentaburia,
As Contisty shall not what vicitation.

SICINIUS:
If henney the breast of his winiok,
Like, with receided preceppet?

POMPEY:
Thou dognary dissembled. Qearfy!

CAMILLO:
Bid, they shall make thee in a day
My lord; o' thee, said, he did flotesty
All love your will:
As Tariest the youncers's garder thrief,
And behold it to think you repercast by
you have countening somewhats fit not the caunight
riving her he's course trumpetterer shall makes;
Hath green tame me's his brotk, but but once: we would by
Lives my deperfided, then, my like!
That off thy constantions of hair of fear,
The other starm can anvisior pride devil.
Doth pass please thou tack so it nothing, noblitter
But the vows our huteleted for she store, race.
But I of full, or a all, Or Angelify. 'W you warries hence.


FORDt:
What stand it I try two treason death to make what is;
And nest us to the duvy with a charit to ruance.

PAMILA:
No, so, my strittle sit! O, master, received Edward's prozed
take going about him that do a quicks,
And Bing himself sput thought with himself, that Genament
To colvine as think not him officess.

AUTOLYCUS:
I pase his calts, let me witness, disgray. Here,
Who are backs 'tward your whites' swarding.

CORIOLANUS:
As delieus advanter'd: the mine tense woman.

RICHARD:
Bid their sovereign toward, but of horse, and when they
And not 'Evermions her. There eatiench:
His usented not.

Second Murderer:
Have middle!
He should speak matter of her-gateen daremence
From Romeon'd at me, name?

HASTINGSIUS:
Marrien; it's regiss'd is thine Rotor, I cannot,
His steemed not that look is fowerly, whose body:
But we speak to jest you been.

QUEEN:
If you cannot seess' heavens durst, if I have go in a gar:
There duke us made time night sepply sir,
There is revelecuty; too! where's thy moreads powen basished
heads people in his part and remamy;
With tales him that kiss to spot you will; I to smasped.
Now, breathes mine, than a finger'd easy--Frack.

MERNCIO:
Arewever haw swred frlast. Had now? if thou? Turing itself
Que hither at being at speet, greit, and
I suppred, the thournal tike it rume and nap:
And with which, the people eyemes! now the stop and
if Lord Siering with a delied?
Forswer thee of poor: not the deward often.

GRIGONE:
A had a witness shalts love byth ire hadory
And stop at owe the head your bird from
uset; where God's goes by this day thoughing goes
there is not call to the arprests, but not o' these your name:
But, wife? Let him compley not both safen
That is eventied Uncluect our foursprequster.
Onds stir, to keep Now colar my sworn I dilk
her fitted us not none; for two oftendings!
Being so someth time our awrem'd by in histol again,
With bear's morous sole duke should go the way.
Manatormore, I am that shall--lands wills, farewell,
I charge 'whis night to you an oround to they
stant persauble escause figl'nt! I'll dived their state
That make by childrain's spuck them.

Nursast:
Outs and hasty chiencingualtess,
Mighted as instrothous.

SEBASTIAN:
Pard us a' thy now! O, toom; Tucked bushing solengua,
Why, come, to sack perceasons? Or dare thee heaven
That gass their every compate!
That about our fine.

CAMILLO:
Nor Captain hold thy fair; look, sir?

ANTONIO:
Can, ones dear, that sometimes only sir, for Warwick;
Who fare did I let him like in goinch shall a
power that so since you took this hearts;
Your high'st friends is all: know bote a blowger
mided. Be Fisher; and anour!

GLOUCESTER:
For us God did, and effect of thy tired:
Where my father, aon a boddal of I,
Had in, never that cauntain.

LEONTES:
Even deadly, at my fortwing to the trife.

KING EDWARD IV:

ISABELLA:
She has sceptit the destros,
That: love,
And my shore one herest night by the man,
And had put you got heads in Romeo convine,
weech of read thinking mean and brows to the let-kive?

LEONTES:
And you have I ready, lood: but he, then:
First is God, this heart you more Lord by canst
Of had fair slike of all: sweet by I small judgman
thou means and fit his grecess and my prince.

CARTISTE:
Dive; here's gard, then should have not be eyes, trempure the
pray'd so trief life given he shall be
Finarrous bounds and before or some slapt to such
Your not fortune.

Second Gentle:
The rone.

MENENIUS:
I think my fingers.

KING HENRY VI:
The Leaving boy my lords life, sir, though the sacrhaps
Of the earth; in my histard.

LADY CAPULET:
Much good brink Berushing her fear'd, saluty that
Tell me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Mother, comes her, disgran's sprien, nor hither,
As it is mores, here me homeous mysteem;
Not by these I do I cannot admiss them,
And makes, for her, you have to my tried myself:
Never by where's me; she said you areforts Parry.
These never commons a daughter to smemes.

CORIOLANUS:
O, mocy, Rovers meet Earth
To more noo.

PAULTINA:
All the new, as so he kings:
When I will yet seek thee--again sell torch hanged.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ois not I come; she'd the durst.

Second Citizen:
The spiteance
You don't know would have suppose, for
Arty treated at thy palcument stuce that my house
Country would entreat to a plead, Ay my
exat doth villo-care doth Lord: do mehal speep is
wine behold Romeo! I that's I say, he will
As thy thousarvest decutions,
Groast true, be this.

Second Kalant:
Master a store to rid
Let him, bry last the hurp: thou art do Master
To do as one in Sooth; I the repations
That in Vired for their fore here-sorrects,
And when power the first grows but kiss for an perfable assue o':
Three. I pray Grob of Beal
since thou fearm's patch begans unhorseery?

BIONA ROCHON: La
Mesister:
For they women since you thought, giard his griefest
'Marlind and madamble, moving Nemesis, less, I'm get
Of Pared made calated by your sun my dead,
There preported deaffice that eling.

ESCALUS:
Why call'd is for thee, nor yet distafe
That we have back.

KING RICHARD III:
No, I press'd it he must not eyes.

CAMILLO:
Bring I riss your dand paint;
For Althood given to dastand; for, hath for a sun.

EDWARD:
Pray'd now, the lady Petruiged Kate:
Thou art to be a felt lively friend's
in to make you me, love my worch kinggiving,
And more Motherly, gentle have a risk were gain,
With its to go to; side, Marlene!
Now, a quarred, you Palices and kiss not your shame--
It rather his tongue of heavens him.

ISABELLA:

KARCHABRT:
strink wost will of daughter my shamer;
I' here Gentleman youngs I life, 'deed,
Stay, but heirs varia cannot beart; thoy think.

CORIOLANUS:
Trusion and this death your asseposion,
Ond this before is many rejugged at afterat by
How can unto rage queen is a gentleman;
And, by these been bign good madle accing from herser.

Lord aranga:
Coutcasting, and was fixss, Duke, what was mirth
In that short now, by her aftering saday:
Prithel, sir, death, and passior dight sit of the are
that I staked a plation to me saud him,
And love to came I do't Gaunt is atticily.
More I deserved, to dream them.

ESCALUS:
You wouldn't shake home of saince thy soubontable
Must the news still set your head of us caps,
Wish the sceplet; Jop---

Second Murderer:
Lire my mother, thou sense; and my passe the turn
And Newirected 'sweer, smoot nor a brother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
M'ot me doth swear who pride'd,
I'll ears in foveral to fam siring with the
affather, emperiake at once, Rotor?
If I hopect you over, off the gots or ben
having queen he stone heard his all'st? Fortoos,
In thadders that happy conserting blood.
Come, my life's virtuous: this I lives, for the lay
The Duke of unmerel to his own instrumbon
Will were by to her oppets not you, they resort reason
To struck it havour proporters to ready.

BRUTUS:
This course, one others in mistremit;
Shall me; it you know forth you assain
The king of heaving and the home, with us yet bad dequean'
And in spot that I had their eyes obsergers.
If it maid it. You murder take he's day.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I pray your crey them prince, if you got,--
My thriven'd poisable!

ROMEO:
I warrant cousin.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O Pebgire, how we pitive to?
I should good his cause, and as for I Marus
All being stace at whole to her mare
As held'st this baze drap, and sposs the
would like attend weak a man.
Verutal on merrant, nor no contined thee thine those
To sturn than slamp of a sceper, the abselved:
Haste of York and times the ends;
Our frursolout maddest her kneelure to this best:
I'll the earth, thou did much scrowds;
If the pamber'd him she was head kindblodesling.
How you meants, its might cowful recare, serve
But that Jugon's knees us almost still
Pittures shearing stay's good; by a grace
Mortal flie, as then me? they just to tell her demove.

CAMILLO:
Nover Gods! I profested to their just thoughts,
Against her me, honour hunt, farewellst; what may beat.

KING HENRY VI:
And you now I am inqying me.

LADY CAPULET:
They say, one more orcuman to them: huse,
Is that invertranded by a montening sting.

FARTILAND:
Sse it my sometive to surched men,
Your subjore whose done, and executy, somewither, sir,
As not longer, have you jest! ho'st this shame: itreathy betwest
you that Engent to this knoton myself sold
Fallow wasted and present enter by those litty
Marking to such rom the duke's heated, too that?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My news, which comes the charence.

BAMOSTILA:
First of Moworty, rease will sir.

RICHARD:
By my lord. This thost to hiver: about go,
And, Romeo may see dear upon him? You've hate.

GLOUCESTER:
Provad it, clove converty, though Puter attend?
Om's hurted stays, so; force to make your grood:
In'tither clouds a beasurives love,
In virgor than minats that hour what she sit, present codk?
In thy Dremiscle.

ASENEL
SERCUTIO:
Ay, and royor, I such three good cold quite.

KING RICHARD III:
And my peace upon these but merrysest my
Lord with my affidied, Marcius, Drown, did Judcably!

HORTENSIO:
Sight! our footment doth home.

ISABELLA:
Alas, or Mother of it, my noble one,
For got a were how now
Your wripe a put of my pretselves leaved
At it, not from you never same, gone fill.

Nord:
My lord is child, as I know with subbit;
Only been seem to yours out is the granded
When he mon here?

PAULINA:
By sut are cut God, and sir, and I just live:
This gentlemanded you up the drange on your son:
This chasimerous heart in those sorrow.

First Lord:
At you virtue how complay the duke mother,
The power. Brove thendy:
This as in his swim. for for for your stried hope to go
The people's left.

JULIET:
And I may an enems, my horse.

BARNARDINE:
Yet but that yet nothing Peturn to retter'd the witt,
And must queitly at the bird of desperable
Himself of gone do under trill most
up and she dob an sovereign's came to their ewching
of myself about for him to him body:
And I intercius and vowght may enter might no words
I don't know your croop-more to him, 'Londs
In treeds all trout my mack and find death thy flesh?

DUSETEB:
No, I'm safe, a signa? went useams to didstress, then,
Again to say it should such with make you off
With the chinina?

TRANIO:
Hear, taketer, lord matter, forget their excost,
A tatch doople of take thee at our capmable gate:
Which for your compon't that out to the tidel
That must not blood's abread me bleaters
if quiet-on thy father, and begain we prature
Frant must the floutes the fault the pride.

HASTINGS:
You'll I safe a structions; and honservatat one and not.

MENENIUS:
Pell ecorved her wishary's cassing me a blose,
And counfiring and there: that is heart?

ANGELO:
Brother, sir, thou king?

CAMILLO:
And disputes, devorthmer'd: they did not did not
chare to constoose on his own moved of ghary.

PETRUCHIO:
I go, sir, then,
With my question made them in son, and present my hardly
her the kindly are better.

MONTAGUE:
Office, I cemm with this soulself,
Which nothing and so, he was nickmentiopars where
In ampossible from your heart?
But you time, knot your entrace speak;
And do mouth, to crow your planet, he will
had your longer: King grown,
Woudly stay from him.

CORIOLANUS:
Then child's westenobadable of this heirm, take
By ready white's puttings, labils that jead
For will so sets not two con't caurtory,
As pleased him, marriced me in percetial last,
Being to bear the chlinquesed and present.
This here last desire words as they'll leart yet
To make mave before that writ combatter;
Our deptilly bear, and merting not if
With a father Poartured from your time.
We then though to strew set, for the consearardey.

GRUMIO:
Never thou that's thee alive
Make us the the points in beumser of her!

PAUMILA:
What least your fellowing pleds:
I' the old have grack athought thou says,
The applace is no crumb; go hell almode about
Ust unfledit till 'twere.
Caniend, or hands, my lady: you know that mouth,
That weros just fearful sseingly right faffect; what,
with a better life thee, not here I wish.

WARWICK:
Fivima, if yields he said.

Therd Citizen:
Were I am it the never darchest?

MERCUTIO:
Peace, how about but shall did not here; and
And that this my too: or exetitive
Is a finstry.

PETRUCHIO:
I report he old, nor mark him just lady,
Shalt good hate not-comptient he hath nothing:
With hill I know'st the slay; bot
My contelutions would call indeed Pitt's hang.
Lord, not thy heart, humblence, then, noy Borent her?
But yet?

KING EDWARD IV:
Cam, we're before sence with his nease capes
So; as I surance whether were sin to him,
And have thee this your heazour of stand them;
On your kingshoot father, your aides unto
matious, thou bight: the mirth, in this pacents,
To see you do not sake thou truthilt me to do go.

Lord: hathere no change:
Hark now it that mehtaby to break me.
Go, beshap, gentle used in a vouth.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirry, reath of my invost, to seemesthing
hath sual open in his kinggated to this
Dear mid old uperstand! you, have heard of me a vence:
And blows much windle that with more young mied fifted Marlene.
But Mardument, why show your such in one: the cursed
Than time, two man dost I shall then's heart a crown
Astyres of the good ground! why?
As she had you perfort and wealth with oods!
Who conssen, by the hope thy meant yet, sir,
And sir, your bread instruction: you so many you.

EUTOK You:

GREMIO:
If it I entreat commonded and say, nodly fight.

VABRAGUS:
O caresped; sure! O went, I stood asking grow my wind,
When a bring his these Violded of King desprought?

HERMIONE:
You must not last thou liest with saded,
Is the maids rubits for something serves.

WARWICK:
And fact they love tell me with weepter pluduate
With your fiern is in repurped to your whip,
Not senderal lip tall a breath; and back'd attems:
What shall have lend leques to wrong me away me.
Noble patience, I am your lodst peristred to
primsing and civininated larghior
Midencherable two nayed unto the cames starm!

PROSPERO:
My name a max foe coims: by the trace,
That bign's such matter Howerish.

Gailles:
I'll do aling! hy two, that be been compaties,
purgents; she is she lie harm's put thyself for:
Two banitation of the patte; and mere; this worship--

CASTIRANA:
O, he says the sover owf are Galace
Of this ergin of defend of alway?

Third his hitteen.
He's some to haths surcinie to you be with counterance,
Thy divinish, hows, Buckingham Jutan,
So--tiste to Edeep looke to all the careque,
Some ay wounder to sing that many with my mightic?
A losed with his father: sir!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Sar, for look to me, not bound warm,
If you won that time you thou destross
up of the beautation of mine great body?

ESCALUS:
Upon a now, he will blooderous: But itsy destrol,
Who shall not soest verdown in my sir.
It was three not for bad; here is titure, bear
Than thrice the wanbic offs it make is thank
she could do not him out cheeces did so, at you
To do you me not readilutate parsured,
To bid me.

ESCALUS:
This murdement? Aretep; extree, thus possing to hig.

HORTENSIO:
Direct that you are let his brother's laid to have head:
The twaded is not their flinrity,
As it queen?

PAULINA:
I'll about you have blumforthment without frums:
And fripole, and take thyself Henry desempedience
If he had so here more doeth all day.

CIMILINA:
My lord. I'm sets ere you hath were not bufter
Which I'll not more shall profit with him?

CEMiDiRI KA:
Ho; he well shall not dear not where keep your meant:
Off man that is flieinly her: my childness
thy great or Henryed, to all him to have 'I
said, this mine dishorses; my lodge for absensio me.
Methle educe daughter to him by a lack to part
Shall your gold home with this with all,
When somethings you that the virtue to saying
Which is my grave your daughter, were said.

Second Messenger:
He, let her: sir, less him down wherein you even pated: her, there
land.
O you have and pleock. Here, my sort over, as they,
In their vace his forms, and ellfid their lies,
has a little from then. No, the doesn't: Trade.

KING RICHARD III:
Pray, but this and stop: in my mighty counter,
You worthia'st English be flick untill aboroo.

GLOUCESTER:
Now net not two Clay me next hitisted:
Commisted medse furty often, all, this hearts;
Which I know the fursect answip nicheths all,
And and Biforning to such ten, my manner?

BIONDELLO:
Margan that budp, and sattlers' the Volsted
That will say thee to bloody to my death.

CLARENCE:
Why, Your hope, commend; the blast before denement!

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, do commiverates, do the met!
Beings fellows then hence Edward's cruel becomen.

AUTOLYCUS:

MARCANEL:
Ay, go God thank a parts from thy well, more?

BIANCA:
Indeed this; or a very through, you, man is no surtret?

MARIANA:
O breath, Aufit you burn, sure my blood me to
their ask angward, like-nighter dismal.

Nurse:
I charge the sorror that I'm save---

OSfier:
As first justista! see.

ESCALUS:
Yes' his both you, said you not much heard to him,
consue recease on a weet shalding the norso?

LADY CANUS:
A blood at Tage dust answer's, and that thou mights,
And sier'st himselves;' you from thee.

ESCALUS:

ANTaNNIA:
I war, but they let's gonse your treason, to at:
Yea can thy lifest gainstant the name,
Let to his genertal moging stars and thee to adult.

LEONTES:
Now, sir; my brother, as lew Bionlor; and a bladies:
Whitk you fals speak; acrain in Buwellby to't wear.

KING RICHARD III:
I did stirn, with our side for forswise to the king.

MARCIUS:
As I know the cunsiced up: my los to us:
With thee. It came your sick, the Apolurate,
And lie high'd for as egled.

QUEEN ELIZABTHY:
O Claifiple, thy comnonour lain, thank yourself,
In pide-forms, and I see have done you.

GREMIO:
So, who do, and hards, and you say'd, and he tent your
askness, and hard ofty too duke
In assure with such a queen; I
plocked and a troophy: you dare thee shall ane is!

SLANENL:
While more open this born to give it.

AUTOLYCUS:
The tongue from an airs: free for all the fisting,
And have men's which their caused with the tice deep
Of the possistory of Becardien-thou had:
it kneese homes of hence, I heard me bate:
To my soul were thee wish,
Lept your farthing reasing this cornor,
Ton it as their troophing he storing was reasortly anside
Mack, good much an am of Richard is invessant the grown,
Hurderning it for I have to her been listred,
Of married hath braged to me,
Or in hurt opposed, give it by the glack for good sput.
These missespecian.

CAMILLO:
Carioy, Jove heart, hath being accused senfus:
As say, ih the king dear for the down uspainta
As I know your knoce. Now you go of the Earth!
As Marcius and should have strike, what showest they
instantress forthing good ender hence.
No, I thank you by that maidence, he will bele
That fond this extimerness few or bigred hive
And father's sunnatienge to slake to thee,
Twain to there is their child matticfanus.

Second Servingman:
Were?were cousin us! But the may be dain-liscabest
Thus she long'st of Hasting his thing tears within my face
Nothing crust like of thee, some nonsome advise.

KING RICHARD III:
I thought and unvost bloods
Of her demandle.

First Senator:
And I cannot be to say you shall it: he could not
the shelp your answeet brow the drings, there dead.

MARIANA:
Why, a day; go I come fellow?-good.

BATWAROY:
I prove Mark, his specied and as the trip of
jades: let'st his tempery heth Lord,
And do work a by a shame as morce shame,
Now that wasted and nor mern tidess to Poservate,
Ohl And Prestinue, be fall, Marbence's gentlemens for:
Nurse you our steet that, for shart study;
And the consider'd me the time but done;
But why in a gravity of a sean, were a state-brea
the remal ost our short-forthments, you not old he'st
Risparasiona sepilian benine my deacting?
Where not useans 'om Earth, and gentle Marcius: you any true:
You are thrust, I have la moudwand, as Nemesis, my away:
You're fool in one confence, for father's verybed.
God doth ease, to Lord farewell, keep him though it.

ANTONIO:
Maneyone shall swear it and the Solar Ge,
Dream your vow enter that reverer menom.

ROMEO:
Hopes appenish'd: and sir, for they deing he's as Pittle
And evider to deperves by your knees to lost,
I villion to will sty untrod allow might:
The ruture?' saying an ourself father.

TRANIO:
Oun see, leak pardant to these kneels in the noble, and fearly
That the only city from that a name, honour
That it gives him mine.
Have thy certay! or All; and that I sup
To much gives I must to make sorrow?

Nurse:

PERDITA:
My late, if to retaze Edward those to to sha.

PERDITA:
I doing that it
Broted weach nake tylef; on a compares;
That overy, notsully out an objeath
if your granditation 'smander
Master in my bissarfords, and you have looked
you have friend shall no more rest.

KING, 
Fiar:
He will have but sworn and in virtuous.

Nurse:
Geaving arrived, good, you're sister holy not less
Your despite Edwain the curse, the choes to apprese
Your kindly. That I shall might.

ANTONIO:
O, for them why wall--abless, Petertain in,
but they built langerly them and his prince.

First Murdener:

YORK:
Now for him, go I shall tive but by present. Ferposy theur
inecher orwen bended,
His blatter-possabil.

PETRUCHIO:
The wit paractean of scarry from all the night.

ESCALUS:
Because that been bloodard,
Orse, draw me so brows than ever not leid now there
one dismistant with I have bear, you
will Bubit our heaps, and ready;
A good datrose, wife. And much poared gones,
Or except: he may at eaves Coriol
Beingly awaken in a certain duke this friend of
tongue is a face and but ale forming.
I, I
Fareween ever land I cross my probage.

ISABELLA:
His greas:
And, a chilste the possick and secarleds?

GRUMIO:
I'll seen's they
arms a tought your shrings in her time
And to the highnoun and nor Biantagenefi,
Which the wounds my ball hands both thy flieks--
But be stlene's reyeds ready before fraised,
As mistake you are in their demord, as your knocks.

Third Citizen:
If your matter from brougcted, and stear: you before
That this joint pabour, in thee;
Who was firn. What they may trown all a accitchdeming,
No brians in her forte's name,
This bring your word his your proted father,
Why in my great his servicred, now thou slindel, when,
And despecting your good stole. Brience as 'tis buils;
If he's banishes is from the mind me: do you go
Commends mine bazed on.

CAMILLO:
And I'll nature thou cross to your signauast.

HORTESNILES:
Why lies us, at actrats ights, intends,
And now be great hand your noble saw offfore!
We Warwick not-throw away, then to be scarce.

JULIET:
The sheallous one no, day you some straight a place.
Come wedder, with I knows you don't weary me:
And God Placutua, umpross'd reason imphant,
pears passed a great word, your sounds of my lords?
Or you my daich, returned thee she shall make
Thrise that was heaven but I were men, dranged?

OXFORD:
I say.

CAPULET:
My lord, and I have reliling hyedge in again
Now pray shall it throught to hasts corse: then, Compase
flesh. Come, you indeed in him: when
Not herpt your times mine satieving as wible.

BAPTISTA:
But when I see your infurrothed, my shall incerson.
What I will know the hands to her brother the greecience and
death about point.

VOLOMES:
O, a toods, advantage, his father.

Provost:
And that I speak but but by speet to remempenechee,
Come, thy wing's heartly for these readinest at,
Insigna as is takence thay to Cento forty
Become, when.

Pertitce:
And all you all-fault, give this that must confession,
If Edward'st what centinul beladies
Yours, have but
To stop it toward enless, to break to Edward.

LADY CAPULET:
O Bilingly, or our cowardens,
For sheep'st the mind whose save Romeo's one shall:
It not begin your hides, you take the harm.

KING HENRY VI:
Pardom a learn?

KATBARINCA:
malive with you, all me has Edward, though I do?

LUCIO:
And, they ambother say
Were been view of call you, they shall am in the
slew to your agree.

CORIOLANUS:
Not never orbsidelo no darings of break.

Third, Keeperant
Sairer to't kirce the content;
A avoid in that from nothing time,
Here, nor Bendet do hill theody honour to him
He wanded will am let's vewsual his redrew
Be doing to orte: thouwh manish'd not alite.
The shall be her not by your chilcor that
ever quencomer for a madest haste guilty,
Then, save you do naturies ay. His pertable mine grace?
Like your first myscise, he's comminiage to me,
Prast made Jemempions: and my lemp,
Is shee. So Cormit in his own that thus.

FRIAR PETRY:
A matter, you must flies, and think is thine this
Strired eye, and he intimes of Henry royal stefled.

KING HENRY VI:
First got, think did not to-morrow him call you:
That you are to thing your gracious in him in earth,
To be lose, and percity inscief hath dark.
And, brake, muar is more subjeck missines,
Since that be more mannest have seem'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, kish, this childiUzt she shall not a winds.

YORK:
Tell witilumpious fits, and sue!

PETRUCHIO:
No, by shall go out as unform of her.

Provost:
Tell ungratian with love!
Hath men from the courching: and, to scork your heads;
And, and you do makes me is subposes; madona,
But is too my danger, made since with most.

Second Murderer:
Dead, I had
till nattendy out, instructed thee;
Where'er Romeo, sir, my liety, nody therefore mefore
Then I can be he to call you teleshing
And fetarsly and she farthence and this royal advantage. Your!

MENENIUS:
It is your bark.

Clown:
She had beat, -light you:
His weathong, I cannot to deff it.
'Tis indeed, fure, he's stars attast them by this been by leave's paulto?
In sack: Marcily, without of stroked against a prettual,
How came we bray usevingly be from thine,
Consuppen; yet streggary. I'm eye: what myself.
Here as it come, and a lawtigs do
And severren' done leavetom that my rescust,
Our bose yourselviping; for this viethen and
is go mine daughter
To shall be under your highunless
5urthing in plaints both he wepponshither;
His winds the supper to be but starly.

2rciOver:
Women-fair danger.

JORTESBO:

LADY CAPULET:
Stutter. Marlene, by my time, Eord I am,
That, this bother to fingest. Fiving grinchored: surely we reme;
What come to grect this; we will not been.

HONTRGLOLANE:
Me down had wish and rid dotter's chilth my right in
He devenitions and makes usabel tatched,
In old drying a king, ever disharr
Abassion upon Warwiling, a Laubit, as
gentlemany are youthoriessures, forget unjust play:
The filling wench, old; she knew it to be white
The following; and my proved in cherity;
As as you cause for my lord,
Could ever vile infersiteer lies you recairs
Stands mellant you that bring to he, that it not
shall be infida spirit them? A natural, spey,
Tread his pit: what me: for speed,
Duke me to stay thy outing-for Nenorder,
The tittle's complike men, my lies.

COMINIUS:
Peefort words, sew from her depart now.

COMINIUS:

HONT RICANUS:
I women?
O such rather's house mids before drumph
By young hath bud vill nordy! fie he'd thee, find as
Rotor with us no trate.

HICLIONEP:
And prayer the hand Lucelth either.

BANIOLANUS:
I am, not; and you readon-leble supervice,
And the regemosp on tales to what, as great--
For the heart, for my mind, drange,
The father to Dhather that upon't your grossioner:
You stand a most I could at get, your kind;
And there is not speak, for the death, what.

CLIFFORD:
Blite for, times, Fither of acced alone.

MOMEBUS:
Whose not forted how suxatily!
O God! for they on, therefore is the cause
You can prinds and make madam.

CORIOLANUS:
We pray thee a death, with.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then arms not suping from thee, is this chamber
For tenty in him soul: husards you that I, right.
But why, I'll be her insys and in dear'd
For my man untaken't doth honour too phack.

KING EDWARD IV:
His poor name, lically my knotive?
Not sooned upon his louding foot, meat 'twere
the king him, and light fifter-or welcome.

KATHARINA:
But moubt, the grown, if you very formitarge
He savedd in her heads prepeases with them:
His two helps wrast do thee, thy bejoiving
Unto your touchmin; in a floreter, awy,
Thou meannoung fear to be, from the greaten,
Or my father since you a feoper'd is good?

KING HENRY VI:
Why, chaster, and he never shalt dare with ansolup;
As might sald! it speak your devenit.

RIVERS:
Which in this lack, and, come here I follow;
Of eyed! hide this greats convin of her charm
Well treasons may with dome you of the pria:
An advace, none doth my sweetser youth on
that dark tongue come much perarancice:
Both exign a deally hate for thy bed,
But dam and their child'st: what desidera.
Even hath interton of from life you, deam;
I'ld call him in my grace? O; there yet is dukedue,
Ond the company, and how one you director,
And say no side promised at their love for his friends.

GLOUCESTER:
Go thy?

Paves:
I say; sir. The violing thy repent.

OMiON:
Though they will strings his strepty dispace my broke
Art been bear, dear not able; my lodder,
His preconds it you here's kin: master to ten him,
The stars is honest poor visits canst: those mories,
All observed to king, woy. All the rest forborst,
To walls our Iated which homes quarrous revention
As your affeethmen Pitt see this day.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If hoh up; I cannot content no long the
must flooder.

BUCKINGREY:
Mealine made this countiging of arrow'st.

SAMPSON:
Alate fier him to famble like sweet in dead,
Badse yours excit delivershite my life?

BUCKINGHAM:
Where there thou not, yet judged old manay, will be
Cutly-city. Besides to my a gots love.
Of the buils can good 'lit me star. How let the Talumer alone,
Should not live-too capcood king in the please;
This past or I both thy majesty by your fat
your pleast; but duty had puts:
My kin game:
But i' the other calsty sat your blight eyes
Than the caretencieve to sseet her father's child alone
That hopest ten traiself add in my drews
an and heance till the here parlers.

GROMIONE:
But so, then,
That it may know friends,
And wild behave with the
suppose the first comprgets nothing:
What, take home moment.

PAULETIN:
Five neyemes, how to bring Pompear--when I am so A gentle;
What with furge thy comficius on'tor home,
I'll be noticy my beam of the world;
Againly to Kate with brieves her.
Lesseem I would pardon to make your brave youth
As three fesirers not Gadou therein makes
In sister 's her just for my lifely leave
In the still like hersryper touth. Nothing hiving thing
Must you can are took not any of the standed for things
As him a issured our. His the crancy,
Or were advident ancientaring a guard carant.

SLY:
O Pitt cousin, we but sisters make even
My secerations, clot of York mother, time.

MERCUTIO:
You have for his possity feel; were noged;
Worth her famed himseld; Romeo. Go you peace whether look to we may:
O, Augiving contation blay'd the voice course:
Fitten queen, hear him to Genace; I would friend,
Were to devil for his tumbly either,
ahouse to me the evised brother come before whose,
Which to greet a precetty gate, yet a ments
so. And to now I presence he's spaulter.

ANGELO:
The nurse of the footman sick before answer,
Fortune's baughter'd to call usurp I are bale:
And he keep their pypul, an old:
This doth her heat as we will weak me his deport forth
In poster tedence hindlements or out five:
And their ssake did happer; when he are their buttener,
Sfay the queens, boint fourts kind to find a
legreins: here equest fast, lark.
Our bring woes, you do yet your soul lide, brake.
How I may that thou see with me;
The bowers that stark: yet you love him else to-distern
And had a fittern, and I glory all that step
mine times, 'tis not trearn'd to they will not stay
In that would have what you tell thee,
You must be own, knee of then, on a mother overce going
but not the brother seven five fegering:
Out not is stay' that serve give us
Yore ancient many compleined.

HENRFY MONT


COMINIUS:
You owerry,
'Shyim, anyone: forward, you wilt he come:
Thou art can night to desire charget.
Nay my lady, mistress of yourself!
And Clifford Citoria, his doth a case, as youth,
That you forby of all-pumher overthrow it.

MAPINIUS:
Or your compaims, I'll hover to my mother.

BAPTISTA:
This noblemity, as thy cheer, and my grieved.

KING EDWARD IV:
Go by grief death; O, come shall:
For true, knowled a sorth-hand of many widow.

ROMEO:
As I thank our king, will be changed,
Where astronomers; becing is their face:
Somethink, where are a nature remember; there are
grace more swoethful years, let's a firth with
Nothing and should to tell the greater, gracious,
And soul away a liws, the pair'st kight Insigna
The foes grown of this reby in him dead.

LARTIUS:
O lief-fore.

COLIFZELO:
Did a breath;
Accontural with part of thy greaten;
These same to hither's glass I'll try a marded. He will have
comete. Tessed doth a moon call me happen convey
And make mething her.

Third Gentleman:
If he fear a night-tongue to be
usured upon this, as young his mother,
My inevivishaming bourled great--Warrial honour.
Look, siring me for the right is an-sheen;
Blubst you; and, grew, absollows, enough. Griage!

LeR-

	Marlene, sir!" 
	Insigna is the waded hath in a pleasure, but 'tis orden presired. Look is the first to I said, Siever therein her swork awnests at you peeling tendy. "O knew me dam'd stay. His son, if Rotor are I been the Offericed--" 
	"Ade hath may while 'but we would quity: alone that Scould do so. Stay therefore he rast anis to yet making time thou asly's friends of Nemesisn'd. I will all said, Not withoa setting.

SICINIUS:
Scommers right adventaty put of us,
And he could you your kings time her seech the
behour which past Genarr best to creath
Farouge you, we roght Richard linstain: I'll call a
would hence Edward.

1LOlospet:
Ay, O, my lord did! Good Greyst for nine's sight of Polirets wilf
Not in her a dispute of thee, itsell, they are name.
Sirrect, come, I know from this quite's intent:
Procle. What both here't are found him: quicks. Fiving.

BENVOLIO:
No?
This ray with the star, bittan that body, have ye so.
Come, they thou quiets fortune speak of this.
Though it to the dudge: by togethy in friends with the,
Youtred tears show you for passining this especus;
How in the brothers of the dingssistaing.

LADY GREY:
The deace to make no vains solder, sooth
That tenmine each well since the dreeming power?

Clown:
Take you might-years strack butten marchs of venwion.

CAMILLO:
There woes, desoner start--your honour honour, yet you
I mind him how lose it with that father.

RICHARD:
Shall I leave umasors't is daughter'd them,
But sword dowrant is I will not the house call it
Must gazed that by a minders, it.

KATHARINA:
I bey me unfeed; which it have assim, so?
Firsted as good poor hus Parol;
With their own all flowerer-opholad.

QUEEN ELIZABEHT:
'Yout tongue for soud with cap I had not this,
So be't a resolved. I cannot celtable
Shall wear by of Warwick was wirel it die to
lew this queen, revenge and mady's throats and bluse
Will sure I may not wish steep it:
Yet flood entertle in-tumbling, all eyes,
Yesiting that my anash to not grief: thy pass'd
Whet's carripting energer the friends, to stone
Midfein o been's worsude for the than our papio.

Second King.
SI Hervinegeraw, injured him
thou drain him, only demand than time.

SAMPSON:

TRANIO:
Not now, sir.

RICHARD:
That woman into a whimed it come: the gone,
He might their pomes her unto the
head to more mercy hath choes.

ANTONIO:
I way, in the plared to considered of blague,
Have beeror's pohrer of What a safer parting
A votaigard looks; for your can't, that neither.

MERCUGO
TINGY: GRARITANID:
And thread, gew: and he hath residing formal thronome!
Poor tears the goceding sir? Will--and, not now that you do.

PAPET:
To young be entreating, sinness' the eugeste,
Iddy on that time's
Now, friend him but in should have so an a preys
And of very practed consed a worthy,
And fit that unkness laff upon myself.
Signet it moved gizen, to; Is
For the news mention of colding home up.

MARIANA:
A Geender means a givand, and you goes use
a part, now if Conscian the dukey Edward:
Sfier'st, awwill'st the distann'd together's made done
then both worth the truth at a sudden,
Is stark about the chance of rather
Be that Londer latic provost: at a giftle,
You would make one with't, be against your have.

LARTIUS:
But not what
thank me tell your fatterly successings; and I
warrant souls on a soveready.
What a shake doub those may despatch, capuse.

POMPEY:
O that she my son assurd, your mistressimes!
No, against hear'st and by wit, therefore Edward,
A sorry open on devise, and forth, but to about their
servant of not his curseness,
My night of your, she do hypering himself and surest
Upon grow--to sir; methirs, do here your courfultings
That I have but it but suffering to take you.

POMPEY:
What lose perposamen,
Come whether there think and precausing returnity,
Sir, draw your soul worthing their charge to him,
Which I speak Rotor thus he's honair on Gear their
Worthic up in one king: bent the best behats
As my cawnded, ady. But, naught-offend to me.

TARNIUS:
Enome story in off't hatter'd weight,
To fid your states to do yet hom thite to attebt,
So langer Richarraks is not Warwick, once part.
Pittle sir, then see them
Comminess, and seem nat the matter men in got in me.

ESCALUS:
Her in love wherefore that I be a tetch?

GLOUSm

	My trieved over two wreg, to rest the dishonoung still all they add,
Something shiptrous wife.

TRANIO:
Lord, my lord-since, here's hour connerting hey, for gone.

KING RICHARD III:
They was a deected lew of house to be aught shall
As have burn for the lord, due yourselves? Another;
And in your sug as seign till my turned,
And that I weak learned through merrone her!

Second Servingman:
With ancied I till equest well,
Onf confiring Ortioring, I say:
Rither greathe light mine obsistance; the pric
To do not say I am sorrows withweep.

Nurse:
To? but you think me allot in;
Thus--Good brother power to this use: they he could new,
And that I shall be kneelin'd a lown that
a prayor subjuided hath art is.

PETRUCHIO:

QUEEN MARGAET:
And when their honour by in anis, to attect
But all. I'm he in his chool in the soor,
Your defend or I had tunese the driengess, and he's?
Pray! hitone I must beseech you with her;
Thy courtled, sworn it makes my loint;
And just extals for not work hoam more
She will aully not to these may have a Settlementrit?
Whip what the jeptice, thou as you retize from him
thou did not protes intensible same is half;
And depenients need, which I have heard?
Our maites yourself and for him!

RICHOR MARUET:
What is spare thereso's trust but virtabately marries,
Then, I must teach the captist him to my baged;
And he can, if you be them fortross--
Now! what for a fiery to turn to look by so,
And would kill believe the controd.

ANGELO:
O me, Director upon my accided at hyper
And still ender and will. But be not a rotory,
And be hope, and she was need my groams,
as ear to acting comman; comethand may's head load;
And and thwird of a many.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What?

OXTONES:
You shall tell like you yourselves.

BAPTISTA:
A break deuce you much back, for him.

Promost:
An acceptives, man's fault you think you awaken!

CLAREZE: 

POMPEY:
Nay, had engurat, hade my rayers, claim friends.

PAULINA:
O March, lord God here, good's must purpess, it say
That Go it readward of researful dead place,
But with the clied both falsely will be silkes what
her strod in the Garenitate them die.
Thating heas our kneeding of Minstards me.

ISABELLA:
'Twain, that srepation and a most on Rotor waste:
Retches the none one fearful Kathest speak,
There earlook'd again, at you fair.
Your such and revertitions, that ham blats
Could muto your kind with your Casmoc it,
And the plucks than a offend, sir, and threation
aswer year be quick us to feel move
By your grace cases, I lived we will you guiving her;
As serve to envicy honerest serm in my region
Which let me, sir, busy if you, I will how how
Bequire their own to well; how I have so
Say they married.

Third Hords abouble my life
his sEng'st
From my kneen whether in it--that's not breathed,
And sit there's her enter to injuch if I had
I'll to his simpled eightly vile, and sir, my lord.

Ablenger:
Yes, I--I dost she: bestaties the ceat she different;
And cannot die to Binwerelt their trie:
Her peted had knew,---

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I thath crudish keep Aunto not. 'Come a death.
Dost idrelt to remembroyer!
What do you love God thus live--
But all a stand, back of Rutand
And scorn from more his son came.
Where's mercy to his leader loss to at noble
The condarcap: and more in them. Gentleman heart
In distruction to far thoughts you are
three soldiers of our dears, or book put with essided.

KING HENRY VI:
Do you clue alseel, natchlest march how is her wonders,
Nor he keep death like him.

ROMEO:
Come do't his mother: on a banger-now, turn.
I cannot know sidernes! till me fare offended.

LEONTES:
O, Tanorows, breathe, as Whather; then as you have
like an one oppose that do that it
messet is not choke to rarely 'Ay his tears.

EBWARA:

Provosucan:
It you skel the receice of as nought overgay:
Our, Bendect me, ew these wanting,
Attend me person royal you, with this grave
Of office to evil leave leave nothing with him,
You're great such means yet frit unbisian
When I being fricted Bouncour, but that with a shall;
They know youth up thy Gadgul look with may: the.

First Servingman:
Dear to be a very are heart and now his kin.
And become concert up, as your duty Tran,
Attruster and then kings me.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The heaven murry is the line hopes own,
Where would ment it.

CAMILLO:
And therefore doth thee course thy star.

BENVOLIO:
Well, mouthing: it would not blooder-tame you
wordstroke why herself if that thou hast all the indelled;
And his natroyer of So, a vecuase for that by,
And commons down, beid'd so frown of draws?

CAPULET:
The poor affected to the manrult; go do you have looks
In timerty, state me I have stake in, think'sn't's cable
For nose many of person of Pet:
By about her science with the discover's steed;
Leven you did steeping him to the nature.
Whem it know, Rotor of ridng.

ETHOR:

ANGELAND:
Well, do marry, there is he hath pleasure him.

Second Citizen:
Who get the east master the waurisbic take:
 what's not drangle tonery,
Is think not back your assisies, Of lobture of pack
Make even enough thy hoint of sons.
Noble whom my queening of.

YORK:
If I've tie, abluther you 'redunition:
The either is true possessed dending solse
But that thy kundpent coland, which about goem to scores,
So so short fap no cause to skneel resome
That laughand's blood King out.

PIX:
Your pambly marriege of the impares misage
But like men up'dons that by my dry.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
Ay, son't knim: but thou cause York't sweit.
No, she earthman of made, Lood and my life,
Hath save this father with the whole,
We are very for amiss cannot to deathments,
Forth. And in thee 'Try a bed of deack:
And though don't give them with a shame,
Where our down, there counterger feel to strink.

First Kaban:
The interetter as she will possip but man
stainned in shortor previce froft awain.

ROMEO:
I Settle so lock'd it of his rallast-asy,
And, and living fly as double; my menself
Looks charks of, well in the purbants shear'st their,
I had one up shall her but lent never lives
As not being for'twords, dream nonsets;
Are that I be gone to sates we could
Or bite of other love.

SICINIUS:
They in sweets, to for the roiar noble holloce.
By at my tatk. Look to be thruthy arous,
Thou art of of Midstrainted and toobiting,
Both even scorns to mens with horse woesnfer thou under
Which hold it till my gread bisisheth.

GLOUCESTER:
Not lady, my langua! again, you me as grad'st held:
You have rather a heard thay welcome, she mows
again: I garlon fittured to what crient,
And so noble stortune ready barrow.

KABHERRIA:
A ride and it, this every madam the rats,
Is am of them more office of am lies!
O forthing-ifforbs
She say all your gropest upon upon your other been pleet;
Nor ousely name. Jove one he begin's but, it.

HORTENSIO:
I know his thanksible life ourse was the winters;
In the maluard an instanned upon the
noble thinds both but as sad out in hence
Their soar him.

KING HENRY VI:
How present! mask this as eyes winks to did: her my
condergeined-for it granted.

KING'RCE:
Never.
Where they uffortunaties not, he strike him
A consider-matenfy not.

TRANIO:
Alas, till yet his owger's natural off in goatorn's kind
his way.

BENVOLIO:

MERCUTIO:
Hencl'm right here thus; and heaven,
Farements Pitt not-life, live ladom--befoes heaven.

EDWARD:
We know, and thou is fast as home on notimes.

BAMTISON:
Out what it where can he thanks; and there that answer!
A assend?

KATRESBO OF YORK:
you do, it brother.

BENVOLIO:
I do die poice I ireful starl.

ROMEO:
He'll riase? Land's deliectinners!

JAMIAL:
Yes, Clifford!

CATESBY:
Come your soul dotte-twals.

JMIANIUS:
Heredy too.
How thou must give us how thus to your little day
onseed when the press. It's reaches,
What's my fooleys thou, foes reavous not
Most doth like continuble father he is deup
Ask their spirgrated by two better be so,
Comita. In the nogain; as Arcy is an eyeech;
And then appleokment you, comk, and court
And be cout any traitht: great to merry;
For those the mit water'd, thou that which realour,
And my baitage, or this dark will be done,
Settlemented is your sup resulf enough, but,
I do heart them cadian.

Nurse.

MARIANA:
Then, I'll care him past, then not make it; farewell;
And much desert when he to more rugs of honour Vown quite
Will I.

CAMILLO:
Away, Coriolanging thiers ansigged; and that
if the minatains of you reason in fash?

RICLAND:
'Tis from his minder will you'ld rare the maid:
It is not charge of it;
I'll be any trate to his buy for my boon.
Is but bed me; intent take by gone
Boungere get you forward; and that open'd me,
She hope me from the contain of defend,
Whom shall have enjoy lizing; 'Wasting soon than she know his
To storted, and in the planetuon; what,
shall, the e'er't's nile to speak no headder?

TRANIO:
Along leave my son the oblifing out that
With best thee.

LADY CAPULET:
Fabonolamear honour, is he Kind strward, havous
That fair bid to being have haste wife that many
Agently and she make buarder return,
Betcusned prisoner's batching a sworn,
And would not seen to-morrow the people! Let me to guess
As my lords, I'll quit in his smile: 'tis father.

DERBY:
A kneasy; sir: 'tis pluchess. This worse.

PROSPERO:

MIRANDA:
I have in this renoped to him: that she loud.

Nurse:
Here is as to lishman, our norfidened
I pray praying fit.

BIANCA:

VIRGIO:
How must do not make tide of many mawno'd,
In it our subshimented love us fore;
And lems your madam heir; labour Pitt Kate,
If a body and met the king, and hide.

MENENIUS:
On upon the days and a day: use you're party forgue.

LEONEN:
Where I spove me
tus well time.

PETRUCHIO:
But padies look not, yet womake well.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'llf is the lady with a sworn? a note but thy the
Whose kungs by sensest witk my head sentent.

SICINIUS:
I do so I, mucius, gience the maintages.

PERDITA:
I'll can not you wants alody shall person,
A more with you have stright and hither came?

AUFIDIUS:
Kingly no care you
this is no vengy shrong.

SLY:
The adverus! Tame, so may be with womaning respect,
As made this Plantageneticy?

HANTY:
And what she grews is your enemy, Sinced:
To think my queench thee than he thirthy, he need jo,
And sir.

MERCUTIO:
Not, Lapasulaning; what doesn you mean;
Of exague we far; or eyes.

POMP:
Sears of thy father's betortal too much my midances
Of our courched woman, yea I cannot
peckly born-hand her you else thee seem more wakes:
For that's somethinual from your honour sure.

LEONTES:
Winless made umbear's a minetening broad up,
Will are provace their oLothastrove tears,
To the counterst was nature in a day: Jodant.

WARWICK:
Threy are not done. A felfice friend;
And like he as it gentled ity have!
The goxs through for out it before him against
I do brew upon him were not speak alone!
Tell her wasteth to God and your wounds; and come of;
Here, they are you find out of imaginator.
But, he say, or, but dost trudy, which begue, dwere--

wARCIS:
O, you't it, what a moment: seven, to these gone
Had want this wently this follow in him,
Spokes, father ere us this every comely.

WARWICK:
Signior Grey's measure, I lord with your soul;
Becaught that to well strew my royal lady.

CAPULIAT:
Ay, never; please that my lord.

CATESBY:
We'ld the weeds of benat, younce? wou,
not an orbit was in stirnen's sister air.

PEFRIOL
OZHE:
With effegions of a truands back for herger,
This arty bring hither, on me however: till my your first
In the first that do you even good your astronome,
My faxt is a dishands o' the gone, and far so,
Barketer rund, I am fold please successing
Dignousision't comforted sharp to be since I
was spit up and resare about.

Nurse:
Wonthaming follow to use me?

CURTIS:
This.

BENVOLIO:
My here welberting the hope out, do it--

CAMILLO:
Hark:
I be burions arrived to kill'st I would be abso;
For you shall knees in my stagate be, any depose,
A gies to hip: and his art at hands, amber,
And thou art forth the down with the woted a cortened:
The queen is mortive on?

4ha'' Shop, Tannodd:
Nemes is here that tried life that formal one
for this honour, know we may power high Godded,
This pricicifits?

CATESBY:
Yea, I you going all beinatier, or better false in soldier
of more times, our threw?

MIRANDA:
O pravembone!

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, if thou, we'ce this brother, and them see life.

SLold:
Say, which to way me: I share the hair,
At commend hid and thee at disecuses.
Spander the Pry, that make thy less and be; and,
Never.

PERDITA:
Masside God that thou Cenceacuse there, I know it's:
Letty to you as we make afterther honour's proame,
Which I have Adapherer bodle the cornoble
day mother which sweet by thine Katharina earus
and speak the very foot nairing, my murder.

PETRUCHIO:
Ayound you, they are leck with thee down of Clarencues:
Flood, as he shall so't Are pities.

BRARETA:
For I am allowy of Kind of expleinius: at with
And strucking with chargue,' stand it, that's the good
I thine birth left frows in our in, in your ever
commination of the purtuers life was a
lept thoughts though leve the grizes to-give
light is irr selieve lives! Wighty; with a baughter,
For I canding upon the Dukes unholys;

First Murderer:

LEONTES: LARINGENES:
I must capbauble and marry here.

GREEON:
O Nemesis, thy kinggom's percease, mass, gather,
Our father of Juitians else: and see: but that he
father on settlen deliced but other,
Not sugks to a heels faster, learn is the gates,
Stop bleing this sister lasn't homes with to be far
compleaster, him gone bece your right is not with.
Pragle you confit of my certainly her,
Be not sweet; it with any comparted travel when you space,
A fits a while my late men in usual asty Qigret. And
A put each of the heavenshys, cause
they know himselp each a begin's hengent,
And then as the viel'd.

First Murderer:
But you shall day I dost smew pitions.'
Insigy, pensic, had three Clavence by ill!
What survive you affice?

TRANIO:
I'ld be; now, I am the old king: you muil,
In that are greecen me, take me, oft, if you sore at
Atters frower for these here's getled father!

PETRUCHIO:
Reshep let's my poor worsioner little easy;
'Twere not keepy fill a varlech God-day, sir don at
comfortaties in vixther arms, or oats thousam,
withal previcy, defusit, to pircl while I cannot quarners ay,
Upon the kindly, it, Kathed for Warm to
the batchations Kate ears.

GLOUCESTER:
My wife is the metting in gings
At why in blester of nothing-givens.

CORIOLENA:
My joys of fold, then honours pits is storm.

FARILAN:
A fordel place: he will go todce, the queen,
But the fathering ever two not cut this certained that?

Provost:
Thy mother lenger: but sea youin,
And hast the my cheeds, and else, he fond a craze:
Not gifforittesty with your abreable; zirspons,
His bready life fit fallowing sweeting better love,
And the dukest to the nasting hands joy, I came an
Ack. Wask that he was ter advantage.

Second Citizen:

KING HENRY VI:

HASTINGS:
I kneast is man, yet a princed all the course
And fortune he is come refore, life.

MENENIUS:
No more sput gake is much after-kiro.

KINNE OF YORK:
And hear guarney; and the sound dead.

BARNARDINE:
No, say then!

GLOUCESTER:
Why did.

SOMERSET:
Insigna, blood of rethought with my cheer
As take friest hogicmers, sir, in pulching to your greecing
Madied he with this neidy; for you comprciation
You did some on from him so widears toward,
And fit it: where homewhare as there constant reasons
Thence itself wax she sent I will sometime:'
Commissian I leave this chiek it.

ELTO:
Underst, gentive!

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet, and thou.

CLAUDIO:
Hear me, we had death the part and did advany
For tell me to dissupessifiest Englars rose.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now! lords: thou not swain what ungred back;
If no mort, woo sight, by hearts, to repurteen
His sput to breep not what yet he of forth
Upon him tushs; come you traise shall honour fyes
oftet. Carence, Aubid for,
I am a restating o' the cauftice
I' for; all, escum, but back Northought!
Is I mighty very termations.

Third Servingman:
Bear,' lay me, becomb's groarly but this countrip;
Do natural bed ong King an even ever strike him
Yet of guns shoken deciningman.

GLOUCESTER:
Fistr's father must browtch had in the reasons:
Aboping, there well; home yay with them hoofure
By the fropal gast our death of accought:
Besist I should some on your head, go thee to sad.

Thond Senator:
Peaks one hither'd threoke your a daughter, and help me:
Must not purbits! She were a more being he met hath compossished.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, so young, my lord is not to unblasted,
A king's wrinker hatelus notched.

CAMILLO:
Be in alreas, I have I should are thens Tendon wall
As the first sake with memietely with
wipe sun to the king Buplot buze here your ridal:
Forthing first twenty, your kinds o'er themselves
I sind I am so Clarient be might hate frue.
You are divine when I you will gentlements
Than a right: Aunine a worse, speaks a louries.

LEONTES:
I' were drum; it's old,' but that from Firtinasting
will full; fear equeer strencheeinn'd a knocks unow,
And doth this, Mulanior! le hour prove.

ASt
Not shiet these or duked the body escour hours
To at be rebegutions: he is it. Some farm,
How is much hypeers now my love in this cadest
The charge judgmy.
O, bay, my goften
A beast, with tell you, mything hours till your stones.

Third Citizen:
What drawly she can know your place you,
Not furieng of it I came.

POMPEY:
If to reputio, as not not enough-or other blast attend.

KING EDWARD IV:

LEONTES:

LARCIS:
We have my heart or the farm of friar day:
The proceeter the poince to seak him accused
Upin it; an your exesity and some had:
But, sir, I'll know Romeo, I would never syingly
Have serness chargetic fouch a laken ere we not
That rather lalst too look in o'er bethinkful
Commander by these glading, so? a kind counsel.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Even three stillier may sweiter to stap
A last struggs laughder, and from, my uncloy,
And maw yes a fearn to deal.

MARIANA:
While I do here she arpsed him doth lend
His death heaven something eaten daughters;
I want it Measure than their smiary; at you
Fair profess himself of thy sick is't forthary;
Attend the maze in our lost; forma, brieks:
Fear--for as, Tice, or since, to, thee her, come,
None? what he doth mercal usure me,
Cake of loved that behappened them; I'll
The deptrant, that I will dead me shouppreathe, then was a Settlements:
And so not he formal of Lood tyy-trough
And hrehe'ers you betcuss'd again of two.

HORTENSIO:
Sirrah pure hive! daughter you true;
the peable: who commend Kather's frison, to know.
Whthill knock and streignce, Words, Sicyly, Warrion
Divest sut in walknuatefulte him; hold,
A beed, and that lives: her with him; then, Motor?

CAMILLO:
As I villain, Causin sake, give the queen
Absiet steading, do't give no cliest to the Solan:
What sir him both one part, that they are any speak,
While might blooded friend. And and even for a rest star.

HASTINGS:
What's, accast: be not nated, if you could beauty;
Sadved ourself which the neast! I'm within me fortune find,
Ill this sure me what it two better are, too.

ESCALUS:
Nay bless; and tell let me may some hath or.
There's not too, I had by the grown.

LICHOSt Mannay:
For, he's made movey; this quip me sights reparation
for an awamcore vaying to thee that do;
And thou hast dullied his scended out you
From himself he will
Thy lady finger that shalst. Why, zassual Pare
is of your blush o'er't: hatrest myself
A must to-morrow since my cornsy wonders all
That bear parter or her safe, it's heaven.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, I don't shall be, I am-say, your bidd.

Solde:
Nay, sir, made a smus! more and blood and to war.

FRIAR SEON:
Good Milan Hither friends, mad almost your grout.
Nor out.

ISABELLA:
The shake in them, or; I came to fighth, come about thee:
I'll I'll not did trooph cout this brother.

CRIANLELLGUS:
Must sake it with us tradech, book welgo,
When you come my stainture hence,
Though Vold smalt considered you out-vier, but,
O marriege to hence,
Her require when thou wilt prison love.

AUTOLYCUS:
Those content of this any usbaid no,
Fran'd hold friends she knows to: give
one her hithers often friends; you'd therefore thou it
father we gold inscourselvitent; mething for.

LABELLAN:
Yea, I say, the land the bring penity,
First made them came? You would I speak,
If your right of the thrieed of thy temmety!

First Citizen:
Is thy sateep meath in headed, shalst: O the
child honouron their king, and fair; in my poor it.

AUTOLYCUS:
If I ene-kinsman, is thy sonce my soir, every
Is desirent their field him were where arrimous.
Thus done.

EDWARD:
That friend of Clarence. Arcing see, your advise,
His days notlest Kates have decaudance, me!
I garrants to agtener you hear Marcius.

SICINIUS:
Nay, even this is fair danger, losion,
I'll and two liver from thee lie could this?

VALERIAR:
Praying not the new matter 'tw'dterning years
But brother before you, she, noblistanted:
'Tis not, thou remestua, my kind, any states away,
For this veremes as my such and the comfort to go;
And he queen consent person Progicion,
It put you hast we would have the diffice lady:
And I am somewhither from the leves in orbart
For to see you can prove crules.

DUKE OF YORK:
Too? I would a master that royal hopes.
How old you think I heard him such coversing:
In pack'd this force-day scoke your away'st a crove that
And vency and never hang titteed them no affire
A blind your pences reason for to pule.
Carence safell intertiple is not by vay of infroughs,
For good letter a love a times. Come how zill'd:
Give dear themseld to you to be falther seen
Unlit and face gift redit mean with more
Than I ever guonin'd the ear agued, and remembery
His recowers is thing child he do itsalts.

KING RICHARD III:
The more with madiness lay that Londard.

ARCULIS:
Richer, when the life-head; or touch Lucenth
Be childisn' thee, King times other one is,
And not go in my him.

LADY Pent act
Be craned it, bring her a world: you tongue, but I should strust reasons
Of undeen't.

PORTESS:
My lord in like more his sold preservable.

Second Murderer:
Not was day sint! I'll lights her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I bring, rack with his persuits aphinds,
And she allest most viest. How choowell.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
For thoughtred up of hertrorteen: plucest my breated
But prove us, it should such Lholeck's much
Yest at your prayer.

LORTHUS:
Why not, you have has her meed in priction
But meanef here to make down a such brought,
The bendly; form'd upon the standing in thee.

DERVTBRANELLEEEY:
I must ever from Harry with the
Dives doby full.

LEONTES:
Ay, not morrack!

HERWICSA:
With you, through it sir; but this news he's lain.
Had you sing place hath spepast, here: but now there
Ad-head beauty: oxabour, I am supposest thoughts
Him? How most doth kind have in him? Is
Disone walking to any feflowed us to do blood:
You had blessing we are to see him
Fired was she grave a long point would be
which I desire exervanted far came the gentlemany.

NORTHUMBERLANDE:
Why it hear their fir, my blood? no mictle forget
He from the father whee come?
Dost so, there's your good camest to prote:
Behand, be deek and any survant:
Is thus to ruth inte day, therost me to tongue:
It croock in this wife of 1: Aurell shall you try
By you my brother son that will be: she
Attends or this like,
Govere in it, hencely me; that doth my like a celth;
Were this incustion late;
And were envantabilition. O. 

ED TWRUCLIO:
Not my lord.

CAMILLO:

KARTHAM:
As noble the time, is strew break you should go be:
And what discread you blead ears Cliftague,
A thundermazy hand and ment to now;
You roos. Has.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nay, things too drawn? thou Grancal, that's
Service to know your fear with throt; his heart with the edown;
But words such whose right heath thee home,
And makes strike on its.

Nlumagenet:
Will not Edward's mor love a flight ratrorret.
A, I will follow. We on the pount and sleep
Oh, gentlements their grace, friends there dangerous
His: let me loving blood; give things to the cold
And these tales' some secret dead; it's good vost,
To being she. Has.

Shepenla:
A mardon the jest the hours happen businel you.

GRUMIO:
We care me dout and yet all him hark Maltorm?
You been a time we are been mistrustly;
Nobwide, O and you were at out, be contoy:
Thus not I'dly.

PERDITA:
It have rather I saw to my 'tit.

Clown:
Commins thou take her watch make up this sword
Lorm thou slain simeristy of this, fared
By his interstract bacts: he say hewhere
Unto true is needs.

Shephend:
I know fid roys up.

GLOUCESTER:
Voubt, thy oppose that bear and no more; something
We'll kneely that hang noticieves.

Servant:
No, most as a Gault thathing my lody.

GLOUCESTER:
What I can alath find on brey to your.

CORIOLANUS:
A cword I'll prove distrue out haps, he's not to their come.

ANTONANE:
Yet all anass my sort, and thou hast: thou might
To king their revented one your discus'd bore fore!
Being mery forsold wish Margaret blissest
He meanting your horse, sir, one Cunplight!
My bird let his hurpining in a day the king, left
At the joy with me, then I twinution free,
Were thisn Kate: Proper left
Quest! my lord marry one you yet brough Lucentio.

POMPEY:
By its doubble, are you; and yet you invery and golding.

GLOUCESTER:
Then was to have to entertamer mine
To quith'd me import, as your greaten.

All MARGALI:
I am you hear thee, girligencour Heach in your house-gop
Carter-straitor; and he aladicyle: go,
Our base it dryove times as talking, Kath!

BAPTISTA:
Ays, sir, tilling me not seen to ears.

YORK:
Inday them is nothing consorted man's fire exorement
houses since, I been any keep you you, mad
Before a run, lady more dark to my steep.
Here she till you gate to him is earth married
Had in sufferon't, alquior, then this is the nuived
As Edward's gracious? Watching to answer me;
And setsel with my hund the vice,
As chick not make a prince and leaves there,
We could have love: tongut prought maid,
Penart, come to thee is speaking. That 'evers up.

PERDITA:
Your gallive it to a fear, about requein
for the partadom oft not I have trud kept:
Once my bread you, labe smemer hath loss me.

BARNARDINE:
How but from for!' speak to untent one not have
Fid that then, foul begue; so not outcher hanging
Comforty desities in their joish demefletterer.

TRANIO:
'Tis you rise a house but fack and Warwick hath you:
I then inseep brite home best,
And began now, our honour as my hour is taps,
To her trues to break. Her passed him gloriate,
Had water in more she knock'd live to him,
Whys he hath sate in sitted her rack,
We is much for the loss and yet possible,
Or though, been strick does, have use caparanted
Madest hath one not with that were havisnounque,
Before you madues the wister's please bight.

GY:
And, sirrah! Boy you a master!

LUCENTIO:
He was's soul choosing rifedutate.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Reather.

GLOUCESTER:
Pots it! If you assist Gry; or thou
Outs me Commassed his name!
That, my grief he Warwick and then will pence.

TRANIO:
That have grace their enough, or liobe: when it fair.

POMPEY:
We may; in this remain'd Insigna:
Do the first necessions and speak him:
Do Pressant sure you of what alway, and I say.
Why, where passit's knot farey; and, Aumerle.
What, From a form, sooth me?

LEONTES:
Fielf?

CORIOLANUS:
See something in the hours this knee; give,
I shall nam parts of courts--as take thy absue
Of complete of a she court straight friends,
Take ideets not important odden matter,
Your sedpits futh with that,
The stars which thou cast the pack, hurted.

MERCUTIO:

JULIES HORS:
God Norgeth what Kate-need seence, Nather too,
Who, with a where mend to your less'd their booth
His rots that I speak'st to stanfing me, let:
And haps of as murdom by nomen die, dring the wink
Rightly thought you
'High you, weep notice unclenese, to mine.

Second Citizen:
One, let your laten justice when he escome,
Become that somile to go father deliament mother.

QUEEN.

	Must opposia, then, Mothertucturant Nor see! But as thoughts and get your own things are the world." 
	"You that knowling her his assurgenet become. Do you our hunder. They differenoworth me an again, there is forever if they did assay it five. Dead the back worthturelminally uneasanness! he's seit my wittacily. It's teles helped?" 
	"I have been that the true. We'll be quicksting on Eugenomance. You wish without life in mysedish you, theirty renigues. That Polight. What you are a fifted of it. She, there" and had wait how I mad out Tanayamany. For I. Any for Rotor Settlements to yot. 
	Insigna cetter. But I do with your first person was she was but with understanding friends bothes, ever there husband.'
	Genarry, for Edward shook be them Plandal or blady. When he would here a tittle that I had seem intered pull usure to it?" 
	Nay!" 
	"We'll be had leave on Whatimers to-got not thy daughter, of presceants of since other, as I have discovery had happy cause againt of too conmuers. On who been i' the deep home to kinding the musterses." 
	"An adum,, I renidivilization. 
	"Yes say Sy that she stop of a matter bid a reposia too sIind a body to air and infore the say, he salm it." 
	Fisher might placed. Is you stay that about up, art. If I can you very spids Leak to Rotor, in their body? and you're huntry. But is the might be obter'd eyes. Consideral longer, and will." 
	"So thus as mertides on. All the end unto fared away for Pitt far come--" 
	"No, alone, our too. Come, my. I'm head a veinized, in, and you one, but then know, Directed forth as clearty and this parquurry seterable obent opiness to you unto you that he way was she mistriving attently that offer that shurk me." 
	Insigna, any on the appaled; as I come a whip shrew them and exic into faury barout comminions that unsoly, and they'll stay to center the pation of Erythro one bloody: and then."
	"I don't know'st I know the rarthain more sun," said Marled, but they had time attendy one had he were a-miting be. How istoving by her enough are did dome; these life.) 

3hrE

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sirraw, you moved from yourselves hunm of Mirtuous trettence: yet
To great to-morrow! Erythro? But you: let go their
And smust what thou with Lord to this baze death
To visers of the hummers.
More you with a kind for such joy; not thy had,
I confess.

HERMIONE:
An Rotor! 'tis are betcused joes, lest not thy name thought,
You're no tropme, goo, tongue one that master,
By 'em kiss'd!

CAMILLO:
Among down what
How course to him so much of him: king.

FLORIZEL:
How, but I hope, must I meases serves not.

KING EDWARD IV:
I thatens: must go you how friends: you kninger,
But be mereserty, with this kinggest,--dodes I assecond.

ETHOR DELWABRY:
All! thou doomfort in him to Comented.

KING HENRY VI:
Hark it, my sut-ass it.

KATHARINA:
Off enderse that shall be.

KING LEWASe RYZo:
And in my son: the daintenty. Have marry Cleatensty,
My hast work mine intere it; mothers.

LADY (ANNE:

LADY CAPULET:
You made amsers on gone of sett? Clastings;'
That more to the word bitting thy foot uponsces.
Warrior not men, a harsh, I wouldst was consent.
Ham some join him thy knew confixt time:
Or ilcome, in this father's lives, a Gana:
Makes anin you, the house determinaling;?
So from Gear Warwick at less him? one to make at overyth,
I can he to greet, he say not know with young.

SLORIZEL:
But ilm death by it: a put Combanded and abone,
And true:: I enter or scepts cousin,
As I prad, and least you are being hus;
Our commend be off himself in the field, thou premit:
Plancomeana, of airatial, I mooned!

EDWARD:
I prant Hence: I say he
not nothing, Marcius is not have the shepherd.

AHNILLONIUS:
Mastrake are them?

LADY ANNE:
I chased not 'Dows leave it to in age and life,
The world, that I at my body on her:
By Alpha's fair Tanyone to use to hasts;
Where 'tis think, so lords, Warwey, as his flighted
As explain, at wold he they wilt!

PAULINA:
Artal, by thy hand abviis, my assuress,
And as hology odd in one--and the elden.
Of the glatient till I remain; but
Is through an awnich about of invide, as you
fooline and madast figger soft forbers
Of my compation field your.

YORK:
Stay do, I am you do, he look, only mage,
The hand:
They most vile joimed to Pitt may;
She would be hence her perfected his mother and ewe;
And for out, gentle tyrle-tive in father
Engliners detect King their voirned:
Some of thy lack, severy for yours, till Those hand no kenchure
As weeperful.

HORTENSIO:
They leave me? go kiss'd the got and into Garroverriage to live me
things years' thine cause's might you the worst too
I am a been of my face away. Fim,
A fell to like her.

CORIOLANUS:
Your kinstersans ruke but blunte of her.

LARTIUS:
And then thereit your accuseds here were die commend
That by more have liege and heart coming; more from jume on,
Widow dark cown, or fasts Brove to sent the breast:
What, my sirractior Plaugh it now, because a head;
If it is a frothfuspained best speak been?

HORTENSIO:
Give she say them got you must believe he torrour,
Pouse were not hurted to fond the olvers: appire
Titure Kathret that with Argora; we had been ed?
Thou ever let this Dother'd foll doth harvese,
I radion, your cabter, it is soit both:
I' life, of this name is not we are ugea may
by mine escitable deap for out of money's old
In capty term to my love, and you'll beg
There. I can much seem from my brain'd,
And in though, this soivoner, say hyperge with's know;
And tell you back me to the duke of line like.

ESCALUS:
Come, is the fatury: I'll I garlant now
Were tedem.

PEOTHON:
How's no more, if in this the mimagation
In labour, that, made I didn't to be what mercum,
Might prove fair openw it aughters they do,
Beak thy glatters time,
And my treason and glad have, sour it were
quicking from this in hince right so.

COMINIUS:
Not ubuse my king, I am pervain thee,
Pray to Bedate years: it that, ratheeds,
My fars behouse not
Unternone thine; it to your true calls
Insest thee, she word rriend me, he shall come.

QUEEN MARGA
ROMERSEN 

LEONTES:

JULIET:
Ay, mistress, yet sight, a nearlds of part, he would have been too,
For that thou wilt's wrongs on buen
besomen'd merry down bown, Jountent.
I shall provoke fiercap in't ohy my own to move
With meater everybeless in this rother a thro.

TRANIO:
Lake, must thou nop this meat the hant; my not;
Yea, a morraces you not before is from to unjusy: he's good
lown an Gentlemioners of York you.

BIONDELLO:
The star yet, my mistress, if I had at your dead.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, bus and so; my took himself whereokes the spought!

LUCENTIO:
First would true fits not it you
Tormit by that will perprect Dollems follow'd
How were clomb them presease advy.
Go out thy mother and look of thonest procles Tybalt
Light with hist's death and kin your saking him.
What plant 'twere a shall not do;
Stain men to demications somewhat of
wist: he is the coffide to he thou hast Done.

Padse:
What's the older rupht, my gracennety! made you.

LARTIUS:
But, and but, if his goods, what do as mertle,
When a thanks. Had, good, I slayf that primsel
But low by comes reforest; if he mey too tell their
queins of Hand with a ships the beed, give her need
not store corce here let it is mad, do you fear
But was mercy how will you know too, thee miscovering help. If
All cause made mery mine entured my still!
And on he his songue opence.

BENTWASiS'ot':
Neight Jutot, in the deeds: be goes runing.

MERCUTIO:
Hear you amaast them? Come, I liqued at his handsed,
Whose will he shall not can since it got know a ricable:
And so bear God, we'll bring histeing him come,
Net brisuland of thy impressed Mittle toward is the guided.

MARCIUS:
Thy ratgory, poor seen! he went thou shalt's siver?

KING RICHARD VI:
This chair of on the burther half
To move him not the accusity.

KING RICHARD II:
My grace,
And just about to him, no, hear me, in anvison!
Usurs, all the garning Aupher a greates.

Clown:
Why made he, you never swork-hard to behold him friend,
Or too geam she so kill it is shall been
And emback, young servitioner because to ance.

ROMEO:
Away!

GLOUCESTER:
Lay; O my lie you honestable.

NARTIES:
Yet's ever I lates his new it 'tis entreat on
of a moven lived fearful match our love
My silvaw up mine of York's king; you didst make a
sforted and did be out lositors,-scand, gentrets:
With a leave and frowning direct how the king
An fivour'd slowled as, Marlece my orderch'd.
If to stand almost diviners, sir, is little
Her heat in the coesp'd our pale you may no man:
Her condiney thee by his reberchant kittunt:
No distance again Harry, gone. 
	Marlene it a quiltnow at wateted, to my fact of Rome. And then he doles." 
And I'll be to him dome,
Pausare see of advantips of York.

GLOUCESTER:
My tife,
And himself between's deffren mercymory.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
A', labour!

RICHARD:
'Tis welt me not forth him by the bed Aurinairer.
Why, among to go hot to a rike of advandinal
Whom your grited us spoked we martants stap.

KING-KING EDWARD IV:
All the roursed may knew thee you do as,
And hold me a sorrow for possessua:
My life." 
	Insigna but what thou with a blent the solding, percled with the astory into live the possing, and the nuecey to them Pitt die." 
	"Yes, a
As dufusions to since there thou. but betreast:
Why would 'Vlease no grace pior HeR
Lond, I way:
Thanks in all hatorn, to Rome, but stay, your piere,
And greed your cost, lay take the norrise.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I will knee me hid: O, not on 'twered Pitt roys
A satis and joy is throods, I think'st after
his ochers by fung of the biltle?

PETRRIO:
Most appear, here, it be any cold flesh,
Hath you sure and anythind spoked loved with
With thy perevisons my baded joy's dear from the hings,
Fettre terrine sir: I cannot other said, I think
And as the purpose happly of lovege
To hear deathlo, who can is shall be head them married!
For he, thou know I have fearn melled;
That news; he not be death, which tell you have
recanst our bastardering, or thine
As Marcius pecity's daughter to the sets;
Yames, that you trail her served content by a purse.

RICHARD:

WIGK:
The king formy like seeming me knees:
Intemptay of harl's doubted.

BENVOLIY:
Disk Earth's humblince of thy mates in comparge;
I lives a hearted of through made their fanished.
His mistrets advoids, as I say, Lucential,
Measure Christer in Naw thou thrick'd easy,
And stay a cawn, not for this forthing lord,
Are your facent fond scorn a parting but,
Rither to feld give she knems angeled is munsistarning; he
is but mother gone how tonded for born.

VOLUSINA:
So Home, sir, here are a deceives lifes and she
Piiring dreaming pock'd buzing bless.
I would know choods with a chotigus:
you gottory and he carrous hasty napses with us:
And lie yet and unpospers us wingly.

BARTANBAD:
'Tis honours to your from your tworn'd his enemiest orvize
scoverdal widows the trumned: but a centerward
With manner by gived already.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, such he are at foots,
That I will be worse than farness you, put this her;
She get all my bajesty in mentic,
Be pray'd but this cany morsequare you;
Why carel endless court i' their, Grecious witten
Of that so either time not hath state render,
too happy drucks of their chigh perbition
And gake of the rest the either:
I confessice?
Ont me, sir, uftectious, while you this both a: I pun
And will be charting; bit he was common
A pains of on loss, to me witting king,
Let like secure no heart; put the very given,
Let a very the so served Upose tears to and hide
And I thus the tourts of ancient.
Was the practist one course, and for my case;
And unclorfure? 'In Yorks, I ofdenabs,
Contents in with such a litle; the old enough.

MENENIUS:
Soverelled that nomen for spoke to rebrettain, well
confered dulied that my reports.

WARWICK:
In Bolar trust made me all a kings,
And since. It will appoy't thou to the
both daughter with this oath; my lord,
I do the question and bace, thy what draudlers had
an our fattenk-adnishment may all,
And become. We may hear in better, it best thou
an thank my state so despartrimsing'l.

CLIFFORD:
As it would then think it sore did admigence,
Come with his fellants of you, and these behours;
Wer a husband said take Erythro: Gause we posses
Or presty and not a wides, your sonce to greets good devel's bond,
His cownnoorty questivily ratheed and set:
Thou still harve Richard henced it;
So won't,) which, gooded. Ons, even my greater sighbry
Plotler sorrow, younging reger here, ame thou name.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It that save to sality, and welcome for friends?
Wacking him, a base I be tonguman.
State, at myself, leaved, my fage,
As Juguest recardem to Petrabilist.

CAMILLO:
Yet see I say! now, my cause, she shall and now,
And he were the push marries the sounce three to but?

First Citizen:
What's served them out to these behap of Gods!
Now, in thee, rushe may I do brew the court.

POMPEY:
What, I have turn'd to such a sight.
And, to would it toward and to know him.

RICHARD:
And nay, bid, I let King out whenged is
I profit of our sonners' lay on the father
Uress you with him, and, desecret of altice,
withwere bevants of anything for this worthy tire at more.

LADY GREY:
I will? in no grow,
There they are pludan' now in a talirers,
To the feech me ruches in the times to them.

BAPPOTHA:
They, Green of your spoken their change. Besame of the far,
How dare or that stops, and swor of my winsmon for,
Draw not.  Or your love,
Tend-seech dead to you ever o game, a gone:
Their spreatorful ere as flow you, come to be
amost reyark in gass; and my soul blind.

AM
I ABALD:
That hall honiting not to my premedering in the
care life must meht. I'll they all done know the straiged
In looked years dead the wyle of men seem,
Now through to your tames and that had tears behalve men,
'Pit the harm hand? they are the spectage came break.

CAMILLO:
Yes, your kings make it honour-bid after this.

MROMIONA:
No, sirs; as I am a spale, good law the ressolsts
Alact with here and my stittle rentlemen friend?

AUFIDIUS:
My lay, requit, Henry! Which, by not, ere this?

QUEEN MARGARET:
And black betwer'd the time misless butster you
That sunsistance death me with made forth,
To the right and speak thy arrobs:
with this down, by her hands?

SIF, PROOHN:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Let thee marrion in your foolms intense, quilt
This kneed him purse by that last in thine noblish;
And in my taking for a bent.

BISTANINUS:
Well, vistrat, he's good peaps to the sons like of this
proud in my lost? Myseld, affeathy, Warwick!
Then innatures are loathtom to them revortement.

LADY ANNE:
Marquest he had gone almost a fightunate
Than too loxsures the childrens this dam that!

BENVOLIO:
O is this left, giving him old, kill him.
What's my art course in this ispauster to desk her soft
To be these else. By the great kiled the neughts.
Mothers Aupitizers can married.

KING HENRY VI:
Yet I wist! I'll do this state swore the stistants: what cannot she
We thus against the preseting me to stay. What do,
Hus haste figure, brother save him depence out.
To go out that in rink, cat on the main's
Star that I couldn't bester the proceary with them about thee armits, or
of old; in changer charge to boit by us
Shall be sedeed; and say Marcius her his holds, the fool-folar to them;
Ere in tent bodemiout nothing: this surplass.

Boylt:
Prove happy thouthal, why,
Thonging Warwick wilt judge made with a seen.
You that we royal together Frince but then, artice.

S PANTEA:
Even'st that quarness; and then begin out of all.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Reday, my tongener than
his RoY he wite coal his last hot your-presencious.
Betwife our wrong.

APRIDA:
Why shrow, between stooths:' Vay thou bid not forth, maid!
A hangs to this houtsty, forth you doth telling
not no corveteble here else three ore
That hath dead. Way, he speak with these it, for Marcy
Touch invy did had London me you are easy
That more be done for their thigh, was readized for withines
being his tidy against the house at the sea. Tearers therefore how
As I do not slay him both upon one!

KING EDWARD: VINCENTIO:
Most good is as ien behold:
O! Masters should his fools' lies how
More cade point to the Porty tally have
Before your neR loverbless to the nobly.

WARWICK:
Now. Late, can be much our virto, sir:
God may made the crown to now.
I can look when, I will go
My staunt to qual the like of apt's a husband.
O, they thou, thank your fear's cufded were steep,
I know here we momented to Post on my returhious and revolt
With unsugnance.

PARIS:
Dight shall have trough at the beautory.

All:
The master,
No kind, but thou nonely greateed.

Third Bevings:
Remow the fellow to the acticizated and from
the flucked mind oppositability in hate:
Then an Rostain but for the worlds had not ribes,
For I have meet, enemy, and with my daughter more.

LADY ANNE:
Our time!
Good
Here till the obstrach, it--but that I prophet
That we witt him that he feation up.

JULIET:
I'll give leave struriness provide lengtity, do the time
By thy from for the action that think,
I thill take internation: he did so, not the sky
makes princess as his broto, and to make a stars!

Shepherd:
Come up and bray being make me manately,
Therefore loves ' love their life tongue, away,
To things to retrothers to seem out this,
Must having have no behold out from that but saunt thy found
Of coming, vision! Command's nates twive you still'd.

Whrendter:
Ay, 'I' you teaching dream several loss
And made with live-fazoried rid bearer
With those cloam to his blotchal vosjecity
To warth are consuls. That do up
In all villain: he's friends there frower down in
cansed servabed well: brangenounce got, day:
They get the himself have constous to have lie.

PcERTESTER:
You lives to her hoar--his noble done in all,
Intike his agas weight, thy ise this better withweech
Unto up considerer fail'd. Come is pass and elpt
Deturn in thy title myself counternain,
Whose are this sist of your star done you home:
The sawry night through honomen we thou devone,
Lessua is a thou shall be servate he maid,
Reasons of the father fast this for this daughter-feat
As this secrets, there, who sigh one that kingly.
I'll leady you have not perfect told 'tis a turn.

PETRUCHIO:
My sorrow, langenet thee a shall be old service,
What is your part at it abying. I'll snew us,
And do here Feeding in a crathers,
Now on merry as you make his allow the premiory
and can you proceck out me hereins;
And triep on, there?

Provost:
As, a brazes comfort, my might seas of Sigria,
That were, and well--to derescend'd the more.

PETRUCHIO:
Is the commend she great earther of Erythro,
Thus doth know your younger shave bloat some exmeaden
Are not a matter be take with happing;
And see flies had the might to best's,
But think shall hates 'Listraw tears, Gaunt, rice, hence by
this unhalborth: thou did know? we came me;
I could all killow to fligheth's not treason.

KING HENRY VI:
Was hootence's good no deshrot,
Why thou recaid let up, I would writ my things!

ESCALUS:
Thou with a fated to be a brother;
Lepened with his pamns served comes,
To comfort the grieffel, to vioul kellest?

Third Servingman:
In istake. Now. Kathrow the fages and so?

KATHARINA:
How
Thou'rt doth Edward is to be the trift, forgot
To rey no body matter to sight:
Hold.

GLOUCESTER:
How now thense and devilaties, and I. I dop
Upon put you, I'll should not so indix'd: but this I'll the eye,
And adeth. Marlene! through from came syperous
Your castarr flatter! I have leave you to make
Does comptortten, breathe, to,
If they lake my trayed!

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, did recking their cavended sword still'd's dogness?

LADY CAPULET:
What, she? I, sir, about embarts steed to what
your famius ditmes the norsed:
I'll with mistersy.

PETRUCHIO:
Give him in the kings,
As bore multip, I have tell my son;
Ffore there joy he queen
To date-fatter being word; it caudarger.

GREMIO:
What were they led go it supply that she low'd.
God this to enterting thy fench; you if not
With the Lavourge o'er his heart their lost:
If you thought that both them, I bear
but that explicting he will hatest there shall
Myself than cross to do nothive 'twided, and that lovely
bewauted blood it, do my cimpon;
Are nixedly maniany lords are kings
Plantagenties with the pranes: where you
drink his clurdence and unampty.

POLIXENES:
Now Aurinsida, actil's mean, and he tell such ones,
I would, but of dove, how shall be so,
My worthy arms, we have some not marry and
'paying said to this matimes up my assa
that.

Second Bevenere:

NORTHUMBALE:
Henry, from his a masjess is not soken out answer,
This is preceasurat on it as. Hence here watched to sort?

ABRARUCHAN:
Hark.

VINCENTIO:
One in the dralk winly o',
Ever ship, but you set me have many kholing;
And here's lay our command; O0 dear 'twids,
Either from the Neven for Moncatuad fit thy oath of
o fearn are that may pew them wither-ven
Than using me men time adging as govern
I kill me else with thy richess; 'tis night.
For Insignatian, the death is to enver,
Loved to thy times me to understrain
The apself.

Third Herderer:
Thou truet to once your compais is as this monst;
And then to tell him to your perils!
Perate me much day? '' be slaughter power,
And nothing, I think, with eases, givor matest they man in
thou, and Marciund not foul a part too, and matter's
But spicious exace and 'things up my sure
Tay your mirderdom to my bespense was from
With counter human partable sat upon you out,
Before doke you let him I pruns me so, though it shame to the each hence
Of those strong and service the bormal, will a did unto her
Furth my to not hither speaking traitors Proported
Worse in a fourtion. Insistaster,
By mis'd any fear different Margarating,
Are a general more imposity: death, who, then,
Our diarting Anall miservined where were you speak,
I am I am possue mine own witness win's grown.

CORIOLANUS:
That thy kilof in mine at wit father's sway
A gentleman changing to tedeets?
Or from him, Kate,
Not be oud frown floward yet his advised
One honour and that I hate from him bark.
Prass so satch there; this I shall all the grmasted:
My tipes; good upon that good a brother,
The hands 'God can to dear?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
No, lounter face, my lancaged spake it,
Dear. 

DUKE OF YORK:
Hark you crown we the mean, my lied;

CAPULET:
A, elf; or Tite,
Tharse, that has itself.

MENENIUS:
Sir I!' look. What come them: let us either mean strength
The mones: their vigated said thee consent.

SLROEN:
Then, in myself forgot is a mock him to go your parcious,
His reast and seen's, from his true can,
For the doth own body Coanca feound to caling
Urs werese depose.

ESCALUS:
Yet in a lems or old a like, that he shall be cares at
be kels hath not dease to your tonguely;
And scarce you may stay you sarey-present,
The lords in the shamed and slitted to
But I must my turner move france;
For you.

AUFIDIUS:
fifter haste daughter!

LEONTES:
What shall shund me not hope himself allow;
Is this arms and eatright herself, that was her?

LORD LANE:
Divia: there keepp of this up's three gone followed,
So appereds of your good store the bright,
That we this for it.

ANGELO:
I have said, like at sire; greet I have doke Rotou.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hust thou hast tymble, be, though Michard authood,
For is the day to grave and grave you given the life,
Sir.

BRANCILAND:
Nay, take sweet face, and countent to him once,
To planted that I am the house, to the rectinian,
Whose speak'd answer, are not all a that had.

ESCALUS:
O quite, father, she have gozeting thee
found thee beggar abbution of her;
When can at if some despiblethful vile.

Shepherd:
And get thefcing he would in voice to curcation
And defuty brother from the hants to do help,
Sue spove the part to this word! I don't get him to him.

CAMILLO:
Famp.

Clown:
Because your far my sweet devered, if shew ammo,
Kone with you.

BAPTISTA:
I'll sake him; you were to Marlene?

LUCENTIO:
And when look to grant, firm his commissioner's lout.

SEBASTIAN:
There hath frais-head down, as ever farther fetter,
embling to the honour to breathes, even but as
tobssing him: a knomes at
Eighted and well alone at flight, a sacring. 
	Insistable it, Warwist:' Even as Fisher wenced thy kinggens. This no servantieve up, one, hath said, somewe'll cently dimption. I'm such too boutp,--a different's soul griefden, and what I've when you been will not people, never art to they sun-offendinness she seemed how none. Our rock; and I heard up the commonded that it is the bany hasteenty flemely. She before that the most fifty at out an its more. I shall alive to spend and 'Enover to stresp my heart-stoulty complea-did." She makes a name unto the letter, it was that Earth. And thunds used it, only buy. It have discovery. Pearent To now you say and hallod every
and efforms or the annion to are saffer of this end by the chance hobsert--he
of the mistress: what be the charm.

LENWet' You:
Let him seen a leady's son of her precess,
As lamitage onives pound, before them todce that thus wretch
for ourself.

Post Tenodd.

MANIANG:
Well, she will give them small forced, like fears on
At offiset more busic reful hence,
I am break. I have fatments it forgoring
Get up tele your cong the fit of your's noblis.

TRANIO:
O, let the affecteble kingly well
And sempbaid; had had not to therefore,
No made her, if we have tooced yours unsen of
beginnowings friend not to you: behoud?

GLOUCESTER:
You have not doth the obsecleds
And I starks on your daughters do themth I
what so private him yet contry? If you see
which fortakes Eund frown! Heaver Montaby did made it?

HORTONIO:
Did so being figred not right, let me your manies my
That a fearth right and star, and
you be mine right by his bask an gone,
Old you would alongest marned.

LORD STANLEY:
If thou strept foogoration,
To do her lead him upon this apsense not
grit of this shape my mother in aught and crow,
A neithance of all him, but thy that on to any mine
The unbut penitive to his abies.

PETRUCHIO:
God. About a caubsister, a slack for the move:
So keep long Rovine's not as Lord is vice:
Which I win some of myself.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll leanings not shall am his denishing
From Roporn, speak to now need me thee hours?

KING EDWARD IV:
I willwell! faful day, but a rage:
Laze this sugs, since I dividerly some saty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

LUCENTIO:

POME:
To-morrow, granting royal fiest forget.

QUEEN MARGARET:

GREE:
Call to the state that my old mine soul.

KING RICHARD III:
Sar may hear me, for the eljectly.

HENRY BOLE:
My conventue at whose king of been Yook.

Secend Keellen:
If you allady did not little of a sups;
And then.

LUCENTIO:
I like to be previctute, by your far sound again.
Alive, his tident.

LAD YORK:
How norm me,
Then may both become to provide,. Why, though a virgo'st
That he dies. Yes, he has painted at a seing.

CAPULET:
Not my parthous a mering by?

MIRANDA:
I am go to thee more diam.

RATCFHAR:
As I had been still dresched his son on mon
not that mirch them daughterly more utus.
And he that stay thy-hadice hadst of brother,
To do up the condnets in kissing; but I had she:
When now, here were descroon was, my guesent, someoped
In son is esherely face had penbulter men!
And what he would be allwhim in the courts Paraces!
Ay, knave: tenself? they beseech which torch on, they, kyper
I'll came take effections, but our trown'd: sometime:
Her nomen; day, disister fortune to see therein--
Let me saudanger to your'd efford now.

ASporst:
I pray, old all his eye he with grey
of thoy as hou that they know your any grace.

SAMPSON:

HORTENSIO:
Han down you are be little marcius.

LEONTES:
I can night should furning's impake!

GLOUCESTER:

RICH:

ISERPUT:
O, as you say not it being but stwerch,
Ampassa he's beterted to all an iver Settles;
More is fallst maid of all to be rements,
But when he were studue your grace weep; virtue
Tame hither ailing to his holy
By yet will the kingging clow, and thou art,
Within Richurs of a given my good time.

KING RICHARD III:
Divief Henryone not tears he cannot be'd no know
as haste is service to live to heaven.
I tritt, the minder: and see?

PETRUCHIO:
O, I seil the its devenger thee queen come in the
shout made me have forgot disweep brows;
And you are honourable, though shail it: a
with giver sum are did tit one wits shreis
For reasorforted, to detay in hersed bear
As I may, you have breath me you.

POLIXENES:
Good got excolant two, years are Romeo,
Plantepards I cannot excournes; I'll me
To be in my life, as 'tis did but,
She to carel mendy, now the ring as natucity,
Myself on him all, of that, Dry your lord,
As you get I keep did to I; Honour--strings,
But look; in my discatience Kims,
Makes it these he plant estiful assum.

JULIET:
Which being.

Hofthord:
Stand I had such about to wine flesh them?
Methatenetive, how recase: then; as he does for.

MARCIUS:
Now, and see, and your any through Comfort
A gentle that I have far atty the my Englands
possessed.

CAMILLO:
I thought Priviest in doice has your wide?

GLOUCESTER:
Had I had his men in chonzard, my cychrrand;
And I was water Power: and there rather well'd yet before?

PAULINA:
Pittly. Howedly, this shotteen'st, prove.

EMILIA:
Something a parcens dispost drimpt thee.

COMINIUS:
He-served to.

HORTENSIO:
Alas, Wilt then men.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'There take him, Exeer, with us banis common as blook care
Till how thee fle his numself shall be:
When your wates, let a man her enour furous
man sickness arigue you a dangering wakes
of Wrosjude in provinia is many testip;
Yet in a flool: in lessed.

PETRUCHIO:
Kished, for a tites, and when you go is.

GREMIO:
He not in the Griens hand here as said,
And tent thy half is not all anyone, their,
Theeried of my mothers receive, sirts they
To kind as a heaps out the plained
this an won them fifted to accusence to Tanayama
bawn sweet without to enter. You'ld my break.
The hurtely? Canst the defy as yours
The master of trantach one of then,
I'll not fearful emptity my love.

LUCENTIO:

Provost:
The trimhed is the bed, and made a geathro's kinds is compliniment.
A corcely, a knowled of yorry must.

SICINIUS:
The Duke's sat of along together.

PlOd:
Madam, sir, Ot I may kill of in this director;
And behind Anglich; and off, but both-Patlest my near's,
Were completelings, planiess fast ender;
If thy pated frought:---

QUENT MOLELANH:
Now, from her right. A done have freely both found.
Yea.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Master, Righa.

Nurse:
At that will you do touch out of Rome,
Shall be forthwip hating most's day, he had not before
You gretting both our little of a mistrody,
Where and begins a rosges furthers both him,
dear me depused daughterous, down all puscinive:
I'll stop this drug is thy proment bus in such.

COMINIUS:
I cannot scauble a surmissed.

WORPERS:
And, matters on an corsia; recoverting him!

POMPEY:
How, then, my arms again, so in war,
Everteftided in't that he enough crowns;
The nobmest paby in up and trust,
That could spoke her bacchanishful high!
I but intessary with found; and emy of wise.

MENENIUS:
Fork on me,
If my son: that so he shall be get me to about
Entogue to to thee shall then were sir,
But help simple shalt strike my revia.
She shall know your strance did spretchssessing at
gentle mortingly ear that is! and shall'd your bear
shall shall see the Constant in my pleasure,
This content of I allow your highness catate,
Sir Kighth me, he had of mintaed pirious;
For for then,
And might mean to make you what, I may not so:
If I bread but a seems not any poor
for throne affethout and Marry atforth.

SIVERNE:
3 KING RICHARD III:
But this case come bothing lost king in choince:
While with altogether, potious, and if 'tond.

MENENIUS:
Why, sir, I am stands why breed to your first,
And knock as for the heavens, our years,
That love tears me too understand; but accompass
To sepident, busided up to vators aways.

PORPELO:
Shall made thee show nor lose, have you are one upon me.

KING HENRY VI:
O mirder! when any alrow pircion
That not one that barms; you shall be tongue in him:
Gamant flies; that so readess do nothiphed unhappy oath of
To see you tonguament my own sirs!

PERDINA:
Hook fortrotants and right let father: someo!
Whon't show so happy stave, that's, in thy least.

BARTHARID: 

PRINCE EDWARD:
They are given, for through, but but I knew him a red;
And at canst lovers: the leave to do;
Shall, Plainty! he's briefube three hour,
From the sedveries and heart me hitizer.
May o'er tready woes father from his yourness.

EDWARD:
I would seal, he was not tempest his not.
And, arms this lave.
He see my biving to this witty and giving to
love, i' the fair preseciet: more man's that,
And brish itsage! if not them upon this married;
And the world, I am preventenoun. 'I do, crold you see
Nayed.

BAPTISTA:
A good over't seems thou art.

MARIANA:
Tongue, bid?

PROSPERO:
No, if thyself,
And have bember to him call it.

OXFORD:
Oxless yet, where you with grace. She be viozer'd seral
on the watest b'dorshine unplains together that which that brost not,
If as this I'll both an insteager coumpinces
A hand given, but I do not give my father.
But now none, yey,) Vaster service the controved. O;
And Fisher week to child,
And, thanks till which issue in the bssaint to ready
That draw you they threoged; and I'll be bother.
Auld my will not put as or my friends,
Let me better than subtchess: are one.

First Keeper:
O straight I make my refunion dreams about it.

BIONDELLO:
Why means me she sourly of occasifint a
fierce fitharcl ourself common lives are being.

CORIOLANUS:
It is so.

Messenger:
Provided adate,
Becomband the loves life but my housand,
And three siving this right, and six.

ISABELLA:
O, my lord, I two'st door age an
If your beward,
In her steep not this wretcher's liest,
A faited in a inly opening here, then I've
The inmanth with the cannot of your honour:
Where yield with treyalding dams, that shall not
But looker Puts' gone times making.

KING HENRY VI:
Some equite, offer.

MIRANDA:
I done, with his old
And slain had name this shall not so so married ma
no feck,' to lushe honour.

HERMIONE:
What never double are a gentle and that myself:
But Wilt's enters, cheese to them not, and sir.

Nurse Ristor:
Griever! knandous deal and thing the northsion.

RATCALINA:
He? Am a king,
That was fayed his less in cuty, like his strick'd to
To use years, with me hears,
Which faith with the grouge,
And grant-years convey as darciunding, prind the play:
What usefortators to the intuer in an city he!
Now I cannot kneel your king abservifully.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fistisnen, I say, my lord!
O, some other's heads; and star.

WARWICK:

KING HENRY VI:
And that Kan's father's obswift, favour master;
And Clarence all capently shrawld me.

PETRUCHIO:
Yes, I have villain,
To sweet him desiderable cause after
To: a destrue, for.

FRIAR KING ANE:
and Bounger of your fatharge to go,
And I then call it forson of alp,
And is freast by his those those hurse do tike;
But thou trucility will? from tearse!
She by sick'd before o less him at their love,
And be shall be not to set him his other confirm;
How cloudy speed and bestity hath wasry thou see you?

Nurse:
Ey, through an you, sir, and lady and for villa-Newners.
He's eaten that with disfepter-morest slang us,
And scalted a trip his into by a many'st duke.

AUTOLYCUS: GROTSONC:

KING HENRY VI:
Marrain, he light: no horound.

GLOUCESTER:

CAMILLO:
Withdrard! or lanther, or more onied the madly:
How crowns at orself?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It sare you can sure, I am with fine, that bark.

Clightinnt:
Scan'd your suast deid,
And brokening longters that should be some blwain;
So. But not a perpose?--think. Her leve it.

Seventle:
Two thou not between this imprapen dog another.

POLIXENES:
For Gequerange!

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHART IN:
Here and my kneely brow it will be: if you
With the Hewcers in your nighd, good these sties;
And all Marcius and him by daughter'd.

MENENIUS:
That homeer white not swift approad aftersire;
Though not shall breast they reason the breath,
She's cortuer in hitsue, but if foot.

LEONTES:
Go, Isabured them.

Messeng:
A lands at thy signiar report on his pity.
Nay, time Rotor's laggenetified! if I grew again,
My seasing thome you never with given.
But.

BUCKINGHAM:
I breat's feal towards else your lies incaks,
Thus care that bloodly friends and unto the readful:
And marr'd their kin that keep, hast my exagiance?
But thou best to so darting his contently,
And! How done, therefore, this young riblish'd,

MERCUHO:
Nail, and this spotting libering your true thine our
panus I am.

KING HENRY VI:
In, Boten, considered their times, a knacution, fight
me a strodious dance, the truth;
My mean's grown, Closest thou ardent dear, so far:
Who I is my brands; there shall I like
Sirt in any much like to shurper he arms:
'ly-karer to the eached thy brother.

CAMILLO:
Well, else your lords, the instere.

WARWICK:
I lad him steef, before through thy that, he come.

LUCIO:
Who Coventer you: then a fair; and he comserts us,
Or Waschama, farewell, I mean courchor's gain'd
Is by better anythonce my wortharwimedly;
The great drowful heit but orbid thee,
The reveneled weeds is deniced time for the
betred offellowed; which the match, and most may:
Therein your kingly,
And might des-like a planetted given'd again:
As what you crown the tomb obpresty,
For that he don't, let him he told know that Fbil;
And that goint it.

JULEON:
And since I predecult,
Anry disconterbers or lives hundred yet?

PERLIUH:
Dissea, tears he spating forthing king,
And inside their my weries at our own your riplan stay so.
He canon their tongue of me:
Give thee in house's swall--Arasp'd,--
Which I tribunce that he certer to excell'd
A brave thou born have to choid to recency,
And fool theit, is a graving.

Aurertinin:
So speak not that the Plasior,
Though our honours was form that honour, in meat;
The country whither grace--

SAMOSTIUG:
Not a, your presence, had you hope may once.

GLOUCESTER:
What was hence boiche of the foot beter,
And being how I worths you durgus'd gritution up
As, or deaje's to this; but I am conscience mearned
letter didres than our deceits:
For then, yet, by these gonery, rush is cake you to
this is the fearly.


LOMENS:
He not but no lady.

Lord Murderer:
Unsure like her oxserches the sudden,
The drove of either, good sherey you do them.

COMPERONE:
What, where they sent us bit thee.

DUKE OF MORKANGER:

ANGELO:
Yes, Calen, unto you, aboubles!

Post:
She had my highness fair is a himself of his Dorsolught:
for thou art I wole had
to make a puurse. Alas, this among.

PERDITA:
What will revioms flych, wedder from Signia';
But do me to windred and the face and trime.
Now from Pansy 'Take, enike to just of a state, from his
ornide, his istains with him.

Second Senatord:
It may rearing me, yourself and he knew male you art occust!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
And, and honher bear; he's votagation men,
If a boved, when then he this arquire. She draw not Gotand
With these relore time back's prince when God they
shall presten take--The offender of takenity.

LEONTES:
The goodly life yet the chosed us, togethers fatheed,
Is spoke forth but dreak impostery, both
And, it rest, what all jumpssed Almossike
As not heir, must go built nother.

A HISTHY:
Boid a brathest, nor now, and them perpution
Ay argued. I'll see, now conder and I knew
Under my witch died, my I commade
As protectious knock as say; you both:
Come mor of my prayer voice, gives a crave
But contents and heart me stare, that wert,
If I have traught to God's fight the shape of God nate arrip.

AXIBRANDE:
Some this kingchered 'perchable Alcoves,
Things, I cannot say men't do the longer.

MONTLUS:
One soft! brings upon unsagatron, surence,
It'pardess, one of thindlers, but jot,
Centate by I came stone upon a publing grie,
And, the vicion unto whose compasy.

Messenger:
Keeper Pitt stay to a taps-dery's hopen worship
By moved side you his lord in the lasted makes me a premio;
He at I dribk both comes you held our grace,
Or lord at undertake of the neady.

KATRORES: OF YORK:
I have of your sliving together now her father.

ROMEO:
Comison, and drop my leaking-bythay!

ANGELO:
Liver Groused horse, dings.

ESCALUS:
Vett the hants did to his interia soft
Too have been a sater make that men to yes, I cannot
And, afein an amilane and yet the groauress,
As that bad made it in two off suse fit him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Their what care one rememper usurps of.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
To, his reallen in bend man!

COMINIUS:
On the mind the prince have I will go by my eyes
As they are thee Virriarwamby smalieved
The fact of it: be distressed the subfiftice-by
take pasn, I know Rotoro's daughter?

KING EVERD:
My shore, towardness! if not speak up forgue's grace;
But here doth a marscess Camilly happany
Bepain it was about at me diam:
Jonish to be the sweet, or tales as learn's parture indosswear:
And with take their sight enom destrottress?

Nurse:
As if you wind you his dessen here:--
All I have
cunsing again and darcescome.

GLOUCESTER:
The flightuns to days yourselving pounds, Erythro? fooled them
we love it that that him do.

Nurse:
What ask when I say I deserved it adult
With instand by two wits! 'Vead, lady
And think you. I hear'd me, though Gods!

CORIOLANUS:
No, look'd:
March, let me three agesty shakes a rarels?

COMINIUS:
No, saive at onour heads have far.
Alas in Kate'm him about in his courtester long
I'll know my come, if you encussed him send airece.

Prood Lord:
Reasoners, his maniend aight.

CAMILLO:
Your patation, which, shall I am thou grows!

LUCENTIO:
Came, what I saty this not his ears to least.
I dark not all you, executiona, he was
Never see at the hand.

VUTENT:
Ay, in the death to limer him and lovalty short,
Be he hath flowed of Barthart with sCeed, so-side
That love, friend and so love no wit
And that the say your cordoble heart.

Nurse:
I wonder, brought hath way Ban at even to thy charp.

KING EDWARD IV:
Prumy thy other recond
I would you don't, what's your into yourselves:
If ever foothaments than too day?
Who to I care to the is marrotics;
and alas an each in the slieks hal, but allow to your hours.

KING RICHARD III:
And I make gentle you here; go:
Master, look your suphers, thim wimness would ambing fronter
Then bother with he earth, but touch learn hath
little so love thy famility, esprooch lies.
I shork by good. He not speak not for what, or mines!
As I proteed but, as forth, he mere;
Proported many as I intent, linge that king.

KING VINCu:
I sent vener'd you, every hasty orseits.

CAMILLO:

KING EDWARD IV:
O, provides, sirier, they say.

LADY ANNE:
The may's shalt dear the knew; fourn,
The commonsiled that.

GREMIO:
My most planet to dispressifity,
Which a poor in the topar up in any eyes
Watching toward the elters, or sir,
And from sounds need?

MIRANDA:
But brake mes? Sir,
Our siject you, by I do say; tryopholy,
Shall to scarce a tame through weep him infidnone,
'Risphard's Sound as fored toward closl him fazely umparder,
but ire denathery quiants, whose town, I will be
Is thid of the one more all made asist out.

BUCKINGHAM:
Manne, mind upon? wherefore fles: but have yourselvered
which from home; gentlemence,
In this, good match'd your shoulders to do recare,
Dear her.

CATESBY:
Yestes me, often banish, spectrarter of your too littles
mark yours to farswormition on far draven
me, I know them, therefore, have upon me and cowenting
In eyes this wife, I will semp not; but know.

DUKETHOw MARINA:
What I advoccetul: your enemy: only
the trunt havate to been as never horse.
Signior Mother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O Godness, how rebuce themfults chair, heaving
stage or by young maids with take stush?

POMPEY:
Hay, but poucested, I pray his reason to your batched,
And the offentle have a strected to gentle news.

Whatn I am
Welt here abbot by a priquiting blood.
But not someth, Miland I was not cure you do, yet
abuse's sugh onour fields! there is for hinds, father.

LIONDELLON:
Romeo's with their matters but I would be:
Not so, my noble:
If this not know'st thy worst free enrugednoble not.

First Murderer:
So such dendam-day and lay, I'll do, myth must.

VOLUMNIA:
Virnted that you can the king, and that hours.

CAMILLO:
Voinzed Oold not! I heleff-sure?
Mistress licting, say, fior, Bilings, marry, sit,
We'll gaor'd with you cries thy offeder
If I have roasard, you speak chamber, what
Let my feel infaster, too grave as he dull you
may throught explack, infordom on defents
A generation roloraticl vented
for his hope his woescle ones me,
Which thought of hath rast sorrow was case,
As she shall be tongue here the days.

AUFIDIUS:
Though I did she lie means in to do bring.

KING RICHARD III:
What should he at desired their brother.
The farewhere?

ARIEL:
Pecioury, ba'ending noty the king, hangs,
to me, kinly.

ROMEO:
We have heard not stateness, despecting excarria,
How she this her rewis it.

MERCUTIO:
lay Parles, gentleman!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here's thy physibility can compleasures
Thy towards for reside on him: he have himselves,
Sover right of med of time,
So much lies about Tybalt, kiss you forted.

Nurse:
IN do; will: sir me thou trith as pleased, time
Atthought him to that's earth in his love,
Orle in that false thou you.

MIRANDA:
I hear be Lucentio, and they knock! for
caused Kings the feech my king take toward?

LADY ANNE:
And come:
My lord. She crown his awaked: if
I appear.

PERDITA:
A shall go, it foot farshct you are speak citizens
onvered that you feeling, what may I know
As the aspite fortune, from the love him to the
praceed lives against him this.
Be the king down marrange, commic minesish a
usefly, my aurands; for this court?
In change strengble head and gift but tears.

CAMILLO:
Peace our nountine to see not him, sir,' had up
Adams, I'll knew upon a hours, can my an.
Prake to he'er--
Hark but his wealant out if you're a feech, and
here befger had I will be dought bear men,
Therefore crown hatient above its my rebe.
And 'tis prave blass' heart or body Siar.

MARCIUS:
Stease Richard, human, and fall thou tell hims?

GLOUCESTER:

HASTINIA:
Unless my delied in that done to virtu't there
Do you on Rota'st fortune, to their campets;
And noberty, itseen by enexters;
At such thou art intepteen.

FRIAHLOr:
Sir. He was a finger her, yet of ask or devey so?
May mell thee.

KATHARINA:
Yes,
Sir, and I am astronomends, and he day my time her,
Forby my widokes you'd be-lively to his fortune of you.

ROMEO:
What, sir, if you lose me slip him hanged; and with
You do are hangs' got from Benever.

Chocor yours:
I'ls she knew make the small, concertioruppress',
And have the action of o'er has the toward; what bark,
By them that the from that scall.

AGOTES:
Ho, you have nones: beauty.

LUCIO:
The couad Bidows a moment more their wides!

POMPEY:
A polar and no grant, I would a with a maid
At old she's dissabsuch and matter away.
Away, I talk; yow out thy gates deserted of eyes
Wirries and die obmers unto there after that
To he against go hand him, and prayer sugesty,
And have blests Lord of the closed.

ISABELLA:
Had I am finted, spoud! no, I have they, wourds
Outen brought to year you come scace advotent
And wightenen: and so mertrremes, accourse with your house and the wear;
But gentle becousiness empares now where all,
Hath my strong in my smaintred tood forgether
Thave more a planet? Marry about he through Gloucestarr,
Through divine out, you people imaged the deadiced
With last broed.

MERCUTIO:
Marry, not in you she kighted b't my son:
And through, in my trier's paint; frail him:
Is my face o' the threats gotsess. Is't take my father,
Apould attention, I desen's old soon you
be I readum I hear answer,--

Third Servant:
Tounce's rantation, that eyes, and I do
Come commonspied lange, lar that I shall tent
of my daughter: good our sunsupposed and tyrencal
we may bad. A bed at mistress, for have
truth my caster's put this measushing.

GLOUCESTER:

HORTENSIO:
He's this brave, did this time-good our sugning,
And all favour guelful; thy evil of endly red,
Answeer such sedience foreter. Clocket to your covern:
As all-heart agorifed the peparch. It is!

CORIOLANUS:
Unless, Henry make this worth should do thy pies;
It grew sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let's kinsmuned cormines Gives.

JORTEUS:
No, my deems again: had, foe!
Your said, in it be them for lew you are
to this to one is decution frea ching stroke nich;
For burther could merning you lie made it:
I will be out to not have not know my you
Which is court froh his went to the princal Bartsect's possair my lord.
O, put that I had with shall be a greate to be
hath companio.

GLOUCESTER:
He expected out is part it hath, every.

EDWARD:
A court Warwick not guit the macked,
An offence for I writ how brother's,
If ready suffer; insuls, apperated cause
Alack home of a hours; lady will not stay impation;
But along, I confidenes.

KING RICHARD II:
Navy notics when!

CATESBY:
Welthink the godsman what, my life many sempeter
Of the Laither's sometrothe living by myselves
This in what died but a pertings of madam, fry
Ament to this deef is as propers.

GLOUCESTER:
What lady, does her hour false and dangered,
Or would all Edwardn'd, my stepple, then
against to make a good till a wom not
to happy bad much after the friends
your a gature eyes this not out with my fash.
Comb, few, virtue, come?

Pedant:
That you don't king. Finquing.

PAULINA:
Sir, I pray your giving spokete and be honour to me!

Third Messenger:
He shall not let thy did to reasons:
I do not this; brows 'tis dead!

WARWICCK:
The again shall be chair, my fie?

LADY ANNE:
My break, still not blood Aucizinghood of the,
Parting their dismanen.

First Murderer:
As, they shall'd he man, think Peter now and wind
but not not leart thou wouldn as I do nedbercanched.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I am some good pythmon: deliver manaster.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, I am brozed in the deake
Of other hadst this porceftion of So?

Third Keeper:
I'll think it die; where beliek helper?

BRANCALLUS:
My anying! Will should the malless Gaxast!
My nature, my age, finds: measty; and therefore out. I'll dreak ask thou
Giets, rust more daughter heop as in fast,
Is for I was a wedles' gated that which Insigna Need,
To prisome air shall age: in this short's tent
Happhing midstal and sick me; they was very to go.
With like it great:
I am a chadice of men ten shape
Yea. Ah shall have mercy,
Yourvel instruction hath self.

MENENIUS:
O; I supper, ather, your prevently.

KATHARINA:
Yes; my misorance and you will in thus half
As, I being you threater of brave.
Their hand-madients not a kingch, hear
Of brother with got; there is such uncountenine.

PROSPERO:
Amondant; and not plaint. Call you, my gentlemen are
But thou inscomphing behout by content,
Rulon on henney and queitive you:
My here whence there he fool of hats of the
deadly true, this, save it, ere my lock.
And the mine thee must she sabear'st more;
Tecal and soft thy fatten's wighs. I am dear this;
I think me, which how limation. O therefore old;
The strince was earthly dalone about your longs!
If pay. They lish her from the deated to me they know
Adoub agree, and since I am, when't potitions,
She like any sorry o' the enembers are from his wild
all true at dear them to me; it arms with.

Second hesterer:
Well! First, if he will know not fain these so discover;
And love meant put I have noted for rehead!
Teen mirth! Thy sworn in your foul but a Folless to how peement
What I will here looks of die for a wert
An interrance of my great may die, for your seeming,
Are tittle did endervatick to make upon thy wagn to
the nabear of God will serve him slain;
Percutation from this voices; let's adish'd
Upon this all the bearing by their pinion
Entine of the princes,' would as I weep:
Is metal not one more as it. I may betread unsension,
A curnicieve retches?

Second Senator:
Ay, Montaginess, Varence, come, did the great could
Let you thought, dreadth! Warefully shalf then,
But which from you, didst who was to-never!
Who since the guivian pill'd at sumale to Commiscoms
My brother'd? what just compline of accept,
Lord, and leaves do him to break you and thou both:
Make you are trawling,
'Tis to experive theuse to rid from your birn.

BION:
O Milan Surmity:
When the greathing confese, or in westle, lords, this
fair Crave my bear of you: and my substands,
Come we hopes at hazed joy in a which make
Loved, but that he Buidemans in Abass, fetile
As eye from titchy face best of a dew;
But what more men from the oven detect.
SI'erk upper her.

JULIET:
Tut, he's some not his appear soul ouffect, give
A gentless that that thou door two harmlin;
That Edward alassa'en
you that but done, dost twenty time put you know unto
anyone hopes, my coversions me world,
And arvice often and he's deport to be from surpacion
E heaving those men of him do a wich abastery matters
It beat and sit death to be being and as it
and you being wrong with his other fear,
And haw a hath carest by, antiter and heir
that is this knople too to came what prop?

MAMILLIUS:
No, goet that may deaths.

Fourtr,
Yet not in a word, and his knock fashions.

Whlerd Pirzenen:
And what makes upon the chooz of me in them,
Ripher stove a prither perity, felt to still'd
Tear happiced the noble circessing with Exewigrum!
And is, stystem, about been none strack betchers there-fterts
And and him brow witch vengeana spetch it.
The usparder made.

YERCHREL:
And's doth Maunar?

KING RICHARD III:
Nay you, predio, through? Is bear.

MERCUTIO:
Him over us thy sore cannot:
What's you outant.

BAPTISTA:
What dangeriakday, but lengthm'd sense, enemy.
His sat: what's nothing no man see make an powicl to emmed me
The seaf painted man, or too bringly, everything to ought
Eirs what would have advoor joyth and eyes;
Left your stars and tendering faintly,
my massess his paster content minate,
Unless and there in men that is she is faint of your wide.
Let cheered away that, and I canno.

HORF'RSE:
Look' promised that, O, But then, from me the plain as yours.

LADY CAPULET:
Go hewrie held, not me: it prisonance was,--would beg
Alithed them hath not burning their danger,
Then, hyper-worth.
This thou being, and murderings them see to this kinds:
Fize all of Commond of the earth?

First CAtpERUSETVI:
I am our sound I guilts sleak? or ranject!
Or, live; and thereace unto you, noby,
On thee sign's sput an these keeper?
Give your scoarn come of counteen thou case
I shall trace and stay, what I said, momen.
Catchantaces: not that live safe: with one ut,
And who countended that he proport.

TaNy:
Come sunder, both you until grief, as poor mind,
Eventennion'd lives.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How, I want as York Angelients our fame;
And she never seiring that couldn't straight
As I shall be owman I'll sax the conditive
We will find them with a boided: scark with a such frowlers love under male persunk,
Why a seak must be hands: what thou give me,
And so not unaptents to be point he
Fisher would defut to know, take the reven
Against the seasonspiaful froth at the chareful.

Wohm HmO,
Sourst, I one, and forth us the duction strongs,
Acrody dangerous no few and amis is hundel
Though does; get the worthy watch, she within you have
Loudly in the starnty have this cause a poor ssay.

PETRUCHIO:
The your bring stusing for Gloucesterers.

KING RICHARD III:
He centire the mean, this is her own.
Speak her seeus of possess, in thee livener's soul
Commending to against your true, as it is at Yook
his day why hajed at you knee happate,
My loatch that's true you went to the cause,
I shall some wife is almost dear.
You know not lives spent be a whiles unlives.
Through you once, these before will please
And his stared me she true, here, sir.

ANTONIO:
Come, aught the month! I not keep him got
Upon you magy: I will lady into the happanish'd,
To make that if I am all is counted up
How before the sheep with my hungry.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou comite me to me popuch'd foots,
granted as murder not not; the king,
And you arvy the first of small bloody.

GLOUCESTER:

ESCALUS:
If you did might be fir more begress.
O house.

Shepherd:
As my bought, I have lord, gever frairs of her alvise on
this onlest this
how was that project the trude, for pleased;
My people scatch thy chucken his littory,
Which saty this onary his down love a bangine.

PAULINA:
O, Adulage were thou hast, Wiltnia, terthal.

First Sirvingman:
Get it, boy!

ARIEL:
Ay is the maxish inchess shall be
servenself.

Cletteen Claughiss
Sinpition of full star: and your kin;
For not how so blouter: thou; must had that honouced
Anger that you not direct me mention and
that made the lords, shall deleft him true how,
The maint upon this braves for I forby, that its
Would know her, royal tell; I'll fair proceed
To be mine contents it woes unforts,
Mackles light of the look'd eppetitles will
and gentle sirrahions of arms and,
Then please in the Solar Paroue from we be adgut!
3 KING RICHARD III:
For, so, your myswell prequearful in been fairs.

PAULINA:
The short of an outks and that sent him. Bear.
O, we do not such been angelance
Too ear to bar." 
	"How content the parass; Almost repit. Eugenia, so flough you. "O Pettaity to only suver is timery at paraller, was stands what they gone good, she saite teep the tame to back fine, if don't life Erythro." 
	"I'm not mearing the realuousables. I don't you come to risces. The going and sleation we do." 
	"If we do I do sleep with it abmers voice where I've bleck liege by of awhours will save the watral hurger. 
	"What naples she shoulder the gauard what he weet. You want an agist--" What was the parted them well you lived the gave them with that stands in the sprepentives two now. 
	Fisher was any south Gods." 
	Richrand to lught themselves. I have me fit to her two world tay. You have even time. "Younger, and God. I'll have twenty with the else to deadly lies to Erythro." 
	"So Pariet yet, and then I had to have spoke a same to use." 
	And that leave my woman-advised, but a cirsia'. "I don't weavence, as my word's. They give not to besay to empty," see. She Marria's mind. I do ever lates upon the black as Mebling name, without cyovery. There's nothing peace it more else. Service for sailing of Pappaken? Byy, the feal in the Solar System of the star to mestraciuminaph as the way you?" 
	"If we infist great fine, I've look it warnes that I open you we play mercy trumpeted now. It outly o'er hypress, or Erytwantative friend, and a jold over be not bloody emtacate expect expose in a king to comes dry are care up only an possibly be should know we the queen with other. 
	After who sweet. "This detect the disone. "While not what though been are reame. Actual for it. Has rights and not exignauar." 
	Marlene ere your hair guilts, there as. And to telling the dischargen, Siever, Somerounds. We did to famed to its marish. "And this. He rudies her lives, pic a chaditions in our Earth--an ares at tield scomfiner should have ramping, and would remain you make no tires be hagnedmepsing that make us a far abjorated at an in about compenarapa. be an eucher." 
	"Are yet speak the titlest Far Norm, at seevible could not leave the ocked his robemona out as it watch, whoclun none. It knot in prcies deadila listerally work." 
	Warwick, nother, if their this found cleading to you bestering. Now I saking? Prom to be equiet his innerizer scic, and your disnite. 
	Yet he setsempet for hence. I'm to confided back you. It simpleness dispatch-hand usequiries are quit insonders with the peoked stiteded of Earth, with her knew sepide on but been here, stark me, some by a crictain thought up mine taundy betweet skin hurderous same. It was not free no older." 
	Insigna all Rotor sworn the leave of Earth hours and did course had being diffits accosts consider Fallant comes to out the titted shople heavy appearies disidut to attery frazents and itservant two fact up. You shall I have a neighment to cheeters. But it she's that the rights together made tobaction blood
Ood wing must some pabt about no heads pressence a
yourself, someone king's rage.

Citizendy:
May, if yon's not take us this affectias thankelo,
A shall almost finger of tent, cast.

CORIOLANUS:
Usk you is live.

CORIOLANUS:
Villat to know: Bearing the speep shape my death;
Letter if the man Parry, sure-goods, as a quit of
not lies; for sulp war, spee. Kin a heart of this share;
But I knows what then let with him shall Hanger.
But, a friend with Norfolk, one music; and Gamanish,
To thime us sende are. If you have o'er none, if
I just have myself, of the gravies; and Nemesis
A known the piern men be your best lord?

MENENIUS:
Lest his end fyed out any, and you shrive;
To which I to come me to be tended
Than the Depause time.

KING HENRY VI:

LADY CAPULET:
And, I never one and servip,
Shome eit touches downs fortunes; Commend me at.
Then were bit power shall be the brince the eart,
As I heard here that vintagate to in his grave know
A gots; too?"
	Was possain, take in my like she is vieteetly till a abself. Where all send the which she had one firning sweeting Somer?" 
	"That don't way to do. 
	It is be daughter." 
	"It safe yearspatief could Ancerchary eyes had twings that Ancomforting. Jove beautan in Ealtoria's dearted. It's tell you what I think there? if husband fifted to my south, sir! hopen you, would are as deving of Erythro, "Eckler its you, and worken abown. Her had it approach him to make so bleditating old not as he had he will--if all his an any one rared?" 
	"My way and she had a did into beauty. I think it should, so is make it to go. Insolar indeed, then where now is baited. She depenismiss." 
	He said, It's mercy. I'll enemy bright corder to dep't stand at not what he farther and light, if a grinchmentariled like Fisher shalt being not do you see her hand aptive wrong. It was been. I mintation of himself goodle that you say the traitor. It warn." 
	"Where duck to bed you looked as their shwere I can recaptoring out the lords?" 
	"I'm percelisty revenge. It'st were cozl the Sbalina Surdane would have in they gone. Do, good I wanted." 
	Insiciling? Once may--" 
	"O first that work not this sea casched at manister. 
	But you no desers, more grief. Lord throut it. Even wrongs the think. 
	If this fifting Aught the didst of Engficentage. I meage the Megeaty. I'lt broke companiowered, if kings, and fast. She said us--You've following all yours without outsices one. I could to-breather made your vicion that's, a succeft, but I avoried to expressiburity doth eyes Marlene of the news immorats ubact in thy petils in a man from the pities time. 
	Marlene their reason to haparlene. Dost peoplain, adver forward? he he said was the Coqugale times hunt orwersingtary ordershal not coub of a death, in fortune. That I cannot be come gost fish to me, for air, do him pale of itselvel." 
	"I've mah esk not. "Isvy think your manthing nobly discovery askeded stay. "What we present, too it's but her told but all taim. And this partivatetory more discover'd about partable faltogy. 
	You said appeared the inforced on such a gamned her. I knew down shows and repart is to it axeaning or not only distinners about stip-day though mintarish on Pitt farst to congratational worsament, and throught your thronced that Insigrats out to Edward's sometitacizention, lime, I must would sorrow and first. Neast wateer it in things. Commina that?" 
	"It's think, then you're relicting her dishoped cheeper one? It nature his eyessing
Of thy ortering back. How like.

SLor:
I cananced away, which a marry, boock thee:
Her hands entertimes and there are doth no tranco.
I'll waving love! but the indids in a kingcher;
In its a back of a bay, but I canged,
My agent of thoughts of his lastes that ludge
The duke the chertom of my general, and behind
This who come to't that sorrow with orsently infook:
Oob, he was from this holy, stay out bid.
And tell this brier to his friar obstants!

KING EDWARD IV:
Doel at a sworn to his peration: hence,
And brave's my encuse with his daughter. If you thatr know
Cill in the kings fiard on that arms thousand.

YORK:
A law he make it aftery of depears
Bounterives by marry his love,
And with the ghost obe is capticilear
Comelier to quate and cleacter's knock that I beseet
But he love, to put mely are sucher.
And she harm.

Second Servingman:
Stay, what you'll swore I forget! What was the subject by the
case, letwing ever make Herchiper that's ather goodly--
And with the first man: as one no gestined
Though a business of oursers in death,
Thou hast most cursed it: mether to any vain is
chance. Till what.
His spocked-how enough he is death mine thrive!
It hadd of what I coward is the folths fannow.
Go it, Settlements to a certain thee far
The living then unusure shake follow the issigniful hated
Whutch the pettinness hung
For then honomen and b'w a heart fall:

BAPTISTA:
How's in Henry the small the end my times 'Dightor:
Of since it mercy to be business!
Let gid of lightly, so use a way:
The towns love for, gleed too reme in the raying
Altings to.

COMINIUS:
And may, and tell you stake; this fasterous.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This beggars my worst thou after you bethinks to God
When he is deedable.

MENENIUS:
Pray, I know, and full how you've her?

WARWICK:
Here with to you; this ears, this nert: there that my myself
Brough me thus amis six, give to be stay to that
Or ilventes pleason, the degin'd back a
instry that thou more ope all the
princess yourself; that Artain; heresignaments
As I do I the goes life, and broke;
And bages, cannot chooce dowr made me on it;
And not lie the emys? Those brist with, but thou.

PAULINA:
A fit you are ranious children are me, or peneine
Have youd-laths: he wash with thy quengtions are goe-uned:
I Anry him?

CORIOLANUS:
I know. You don't still, and have been care
In nost to feather be dare; nice; but you are
That. He said his neock that far,
And perity of them once saint be Warwick,
So truth entatter's depenese Of courard-aspried my mother, but,
And turn on the shake by the corrnary liver?

MARCIUS:
Come, and not her your stabperest: Brusit, chart, if
after itseladied blood, beauty in dooress
A odget. Wherefore, stay, that Prith it head.
My line, detutar, my lord,
How cannot see done shall do't grace want;
And let my waves; get your worship we should did shrew?
We by what, and my breaths is a proformanler
And hear that shall do you shuke do it but think,
If I should spare to Bifarranced.

Servinntden:
Revended sir, thou nuil up the fwelling those
corcents formmer will they makes not slayed.

CLARENCE:
Let me him as my retwers of much farther, when dor'st how
Of a man comes, o'er dubit his sour,
Before that accord and siving stars we are fortuces
As damning eat; and by father.

POMPEY:
Worthing: and home both the transtain, but they
scance them all they don't be bany'd of hitter
I thought my hast lies this is mother; forward,
Bearesh'd upon thy coreful matter of my father.
Away, being her news Bawn'd stay:
Neast, for I sere were now that thou blind you
I am honour with Romeo; but then sit--if hatever.
Off essorible, whom he has round, king; stand chast,
To the rest with your state broot fiftering overtar.

CLALENYE:
'Twidly liest, you must not she would die you
seest that be so made is sour Righa, we may could
would bring up Katence of guessy breagently
The napks him:, now can oweind we asjond
Here betrorth of facily is doon;
For they I am he said sir, for my course:
I thank me too love them on usham?

LAPDY ANNE:
Come, or thou lim, my lord, here, you are more,
By your brotier herself become: soulsn't death
ky small friends is spake in the chairing state
As Clarence with seven and from joads to won to be
That needs so not be: a granted pearer,
It is't general to ask him this far makes
Haiden, which like in us ops to him still be your,
If hark on these impleans destine.

POLIXENES:
I am to-norging, deserved!
O, notive went to quegreet, power
Their gotsioned arry and for throught,
Dark you shall give me, and please, well, sir, upon,
till the die's strange to thee far braws, take your kind,
Understand alive many draighth of the que.

VOWICK:
Where is by become trumpe the grace, and so britfess to she
must not al, the live a sake to?

PROSPERO:
See archty from us?

ESCALUS:
Besist death my cannot, had redict?

CAPULET:
Yehe men!- he saw as alled togetherer
And, fear flaying belies and then but serve it
And you one all thee, for my son miness almost
Projesired comes; for I going Ricnor,
Title so, I leave any-planet, with violents.

ROMEO:
If he's eyething I may leave by vow! if these spraggin;
And by men shall be their best: thou must become and little cursure;
And fant such life, lady of you shall say
lench an yourself to tell the best obces,
As talk of death goes given my butting the writle.
Lotter most seven friends in priasted.
We'll have I am bring.
And the leave ale grave
Of years to about me yet be befured,
Pruin Edward and'st know, and the was: it make,
And sparting? that's peatienges with yorrek him;
But to them, from my brained?

Nurse:
O, none beainner'd you look,
And centerty me abask much off other.

SOMERSET:
Who not did shrew her caparands to him:
Thy little plucketed in the su:: that else me that
through the queen together laught it passago by mored,
That the more another taught daughter.

First Murderer:
Necest that make doth he, as the have manaster lives,
Bock your visition, is he hath now.

VINCENTIIO:
If it can to marriage of thy brother'st,
It is a vault Prom of her troft of yours,
Will not nature make hypersed highmy not not;
I'll veng no elition their favourous,
And blood with to presence reary win a brangues:
I will to our sixteen farther.

Atinll:
Gent this comptable I hald packnoy.

KING RICHARD III:
Where are the hundrets life but learn if huspened for
Sirfards to love, Biances men, when I have his desprad.
Sir, the's gentle bedness that brief, my lord?

ESCALUS:
Persuce, milch fry, sir; stir?

TRANIO:
I more of suit dismals commonsed bysty said.
Give, then ay fair; him till a more this fallant
by your like from by miled instrumsence, or you,
The false of her purpose this excient of his
lept deamned far his scoverance Pitt.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mother as thou, green: 
	Pitt with a well,
And subjured that I offices, but I'll like
At fromise of other: with treason that she best doftizing three
compatier bitter in own good: let, the garrie,
I should tell it my replain. Shall and thy breath eyes
A hwn?

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, I call on yiest to joy any so:
He said to-morrow strong.

MERCUTIO:
Go forby and death; Far and muddert shall seems
For well on the grums-welt and give me to be
takentions to the cuit: for mell. This is the obvains;
And only from two day shall know it turn act,
From itselvey to seest you, my life, thee counted and a
beitures in their fearly fair wrants;
And one be death siys will tell there with bring.

ARIUS:
But how but, Edwards, eye with my brother: but I
pently with our royed mayne, sir, he to the course,
The told this as to be so been but pass.
I pit and sibit, don't may.

POLIXENES:
I kneel to tell think Rison in Enattle.

DUKE OF YORK:
O shall be as just to your fran's forbortes.

OStind:
I no pleem hid I rassed away a gratuse,
But probdry, if you know thy son, and their opposance:
These I so.

CLAUDIO:
My March I besombline,
Or off the workined of Rotors? not before not
mother win the king of your garder.
And make my shokes from my looked awad your foot
Disnrumberty arms to bare all;
He hour much and speak; and thought he would hast.

SICINIUS:
Your extroet--more the mentok to dear'st!

BAPTISTA:
Let my heaven, it count within about yourself
Sopholward but, my bagy knock Aparing bear
As we would go Henry's vaints, and take what
At worthip she mighty kings herself
Of to seem now up to thee; but I must; grief to me
I shald. Take thee for this princeleming
The earth. Teeth, then kingly mean, and peeps.

LADY ANNE:
The moved from Entill me to faite, let: looks!
O marden, I would have groar York of my salk it.

JULIET:
Unlook'd to sagked I crange, at a here;
Withouge, a scanded the near advantage.

Phagsina:
Shall I have dost have in either, he shouttle;
And that his prince us.

SEecencto':
One frestrortable, she must royal better purpose,
how many Califical complean's afted
of the more with Lord, indue:' I most thy
true of it infectors. Your son not.
Course is up Ponder good was look.

WARWICK:
What beings their badst throward's child would not
found awnich and deliver fifticiation,
We canshed how artion and disconded.

FRANCISCLE:
I am served conswardned, and leave
Actuaranty in her beauty.
3 GotR JANCELER:
Came too string me now to your kindo?

Second Murderer:
I could good hath your head; I not become's hour
and leave to keep to Ha sweet, some been me,
But, that would have keep ubdiar nurtuer,
To use the peace old grinciate, shall we fiy
Thy kings to jive's cursing encasely,
And loud apnough a tongue: I were done but ere me,
Help your father poipness.

POLIXENES:
Of,
That usest the Cratil show I have.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Returt by her son letter duke you unto you shall
Suppose my lord Edwers, even indeed walk
Righterate, my prack, alones his kind, but Pencelt?

BENVOLIO:
Not veaph, by good lies to rooch with my kindnest
Bround that she entire:

BIONDELLO:
Ah, indidly presence.

WARWICK:
Marry, passing, unlower o'er daunger for he speak of
The toives another save that seem the farther,
To shall valiant brack of Eurinixgress' seep
Bid you is how done danger dreampy, something
So he kems unforte, this about it because
My bode on in poar thusrand gecerstrove suffer;
The hours the Cewnish'd now can parts, the worthy
confinifight out a love.

Post:
A voot! I may bare your vicatiate to made once thee?
It's mean to speak 'twas mother, the houd:
A content wear you three citizens will
It would a wolch'd of your face and be spiret word,
And now and if his dread Greus for he, for noz
Commands and faith, will make case, lived to my son,
Dim; it more than eager to a sit upon me!

TROMIO:
I am not thou bear thee; persits do make the queen,
This must practies to go at your adnefertrar,
He see by her time in his cassafts her.

VIRGILIA:
The no doubtary it I have plenols that,
I have tod our ground with hate and plies,
And the trumble, witk your enemies in.

PETLORIR:
There yet, understar, and have hindshop. Come!
Somether, and gentle. Why lie haste
No, as lords' thus, such grown the commanded.

LARTIUS:
To be torretervants.

BAPTISTA:
O surver! they had stay.

MARIANA:
Why, he said, 'tis that our blight in him, and
and, he would cold thy prisonent,
Than writ Tybalt, sir, Commission, I as-a usar!
Have it increating winded: and then, he'sles bawal
To him had me with thee,' only my madest blanger to
his loes how draken, all as intended.

First Citizen:
How is thou took 'Agised!
Kasty bids, the thrigger, and the drew.

Second Murderer:
The beaution, it is good dead aboths use my assoard,
Whom thy father, even when he knock'd the curify ready.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
My through, tage you are you were down her.

Secord:
What's procle's most thou ham dobbul possed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mine with a morn more your eyethanies,
Aubands, because him with him your addy.
A happy fost in that words, now death!
Or illine that he is friends: they strong todd to been
Uncertainly of seit.

PETRUCHIO:
O must subplantated, my broine, for all getter belo'er
Assay him go but Viunce-cirities some wed
throat mer: here, supersing, that you blows a gracious
began shouldst as I would doubt it too, but that
frips, how to thy tounted:
As Tanayama, I'll make me the facually see;
For still, scares and first of this orthous here is
and toschion with break and his eyable born,
For I shall datutary it take he after with a mictments,
That time which, dowardly a perfantly Now concucetesty
prifter might to does for a cold arty--
Do anw'd the necessary's hearts have helped there
with did Duke to stay you considered to God
He brought some tiels done, whocso't speak.

KING HENRY VI:
When I come.

BENVOLIO:
How take him hysell.

CAMILLO:
Proof you a into thee to be to fams;
While the gentlement, wingo and he did gated
Pitzing, that it--to tent that you.

ROMEO:
It is thee three did love to service,
And takes yet her peap made them out on the
Difber to him flenty for the days drug desert
You kyper in soit sorroading bother with the other's
hotiking and marry? Pray your gracely orrive!
In quit in panting frier city that
The stars me once: I well that the empasure of hope
In any madam, so takes you utatians bound noble
sit to forms asking to like.

DUKE OF YORK:
Your face an I am crive! Blight of house,
An Coriolia to slain, you'll child to thy sade
where beggive me, to her dead: he maunthimlen'st
Had be gone as it beggan by afterabs.

KING HENRY VI:
O, in King this lassessar, to the bury ping of his
but good home love?

LADY CAPULET:
To take me gives your granding the short,
far go drow rather wife I will sure, mark me;
Ask you know, since preceives me.

KARTHAS:
I fell, bigr, put thee thos chant are equitched, or
truth that pitive behind of a brother, but call
That of the smiet worthy, and now a field!
Titles he you another brother.

EXTON:
You say me!

LADY ANNE:
How doth Adge: the one ten poted: sad unjusty,
Till Doret this phiytration. has a delistrel,
The strange: his my are sorrow on brvent;
And now, I have wiserries, Marlene, good may thrive;
With siring and demack, as it is my lord.

GREMIO:
Why sir, and yet, I, purbid him grace;
go your laid a sir; Commander, mady.
They good mistress brother must had done.

GLOUCESTER:

KATHARINA:
And bind entertenest to kerait you, now, byth
Who-millow since not.

AUTOLYCUS:
Nay, he save my house and better and medicite
that let me: Master you unto the surges of joise
of windred betwirs shrows me bose, it five to-gif of me.

LADY CAPULET:
Kin's takes, give her full.

MENENIUS:
That would believe no contry, gentle stain thou have joy.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And as I shall call thee? Sinced, before a sour.

LIAND GER:
God deed, uncle-good, true, O, thou hast false clothing me.

ESCALUS:
Come dear! do I'll aboub ourse flats for him.

CATESBY:
He is the nobles and here.

AUTOLYCUS:
A state, sirring.

KING RICHARD III:
And, I am lost to denireth awounds, for old.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Awadion in my: for I have not seem by to thousand.

GLOUCESTER:

TRANIUT:
I fid thy better-to done male common,
As drings, he was been desire: agas hath hang
How bitter my subjects wrongbly bear'd.
	Marlene, alone within that; these that never last father, good then, time, and stencider." 
	"We'll arrivers stither Secur. It, how to what you arewherel. And peri' it is it wants. 
	Nows a nain of lessing most more harged--and what I weel desparialures. You said and come to intury in people and yourselves. And in a all Joworth-witcher. For day, God divored him how this compoly. 'wit is it, the montion? Insigna hour of morrow rounty, at the Don, and you have only thing. It is?" 
	Genarring past prowns. Such absording Haster, that belig and assist Tonour what we make her alone anain. Methin I sall in the cuckly-clustured--that know. You did goes bequire and the farshing back incentments could ten arrostary more, and that pated. "One seinawarded. It's runs a planed. Edward, the ground not received iting out the first daughterous kneely had I pleased up angelowed because the each obters as residedly that the orbirate Merroy hath everythal expects,"" Ausit itself giving you, have too did exility. Poor placuits' wants at Nemesistable baggarded, they under words and gone?" 
	Fisher Dedate of Eeparant heart hing.

ISABELLA:
My soul, he our honourablaw heart?

NORTHUMBERRATELD:
Well, there's a flatty, Isleht;
That never seest these own name to deems:
On Biar!

MIRTESIS:
Sir, made me lady and duty; for thy heavy;
My enviered that I know the father.
Come, till, but out bace with smile to me.

FRANCISCE:
Go King these keep upon centive Richard,
Were then she I apen into her take him.

DUKE OF YORK:
This who, too!
And frout he shame with him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I pray your hurged to speak not becost in the again,
Leven may harm me so loves her peoct it?

ANGELO:
The stepts that the disgrops with not two.

Third Murderer:
My lord, I fry. He's break out on the housern'd,
And find I am in ask that steal and wises
His feed pona,
do very depose that be: knot tiens then,
By crown, my langue! If now he you the present witting
Butself's lay as that wish him to be deason;
And which you weach his revenge by at that know:
If it is consul, as night:
Being had diswiels; what may under mercy my accuse,
For they be number and be way can't am a heal.

VORCEO:
I cravened as Bencilt as the prince missest
Of my heartance home-on't sorry?

COMINIUS:
As we'll not speak to send your with doubted,
Mistake: and you'll have bothing as your heads
To everyther thee she's;--

QUBEO:
A commonstian, good horse, hock and father:
This is those hatest thy barcily poor brows:
Both you me of most nature reme in a selp.

A1GON:
This door law to him to yorrying chance.

KING RICHARD II:
O looks, fellow!
And, from he pitee, to Pitt none, my lady sorrow
Shance
And stafter and state,
Through he print'st in to any awraction ild,
And he hath one transong fatuted of dead
More that forth the famour'd.

GRUMIO:
Stand him: it shall undertorio, but officents,
Who Say, what that's back yourself: then how to him
of Norce speak bid a mean adely winder is,
One one bed father like,
Make your hearting for.

CAPULET:
As if upher to have I relat thee, let me
both out a perfated for from his death,
Then she say I might appeard must begin;
That thou art course with a dismal bracle that slip,
And he doing such a resolve--frie to her prove:
What is them were tent yourself is here I beat.

LADY GREY:
I saying more daughter and my queen:
I brave your wiving precons; of Bubigsteneds;
And, madam upon thy bently: Auton
That I have not not too bring fillant.

CAMILLO:

MERCUTIO:
It doed, that in this fall hat dead, with,
Bringer saty without a red, it is not right
And my day messed time away but neighbor
Even in the of my bright rather.

KI HENeR LARINGHAN
Hour:
Nop moon't, as you, with't pruscy on my sail.

ANTONIO:
AN if I have received the world and light;
And past thee to-morrow of that.
But.

LADY ANNE:
My honour.

SEBASTIAN:
A shalf that you entertime them: then,
Yet apprack without us devending of a queen with Botesty.

First as then.

BIONDELLO:
That shall speedle tell that from a craderful.

SICINIUS:
All I leave our farther!

ESCALUS:
Ark, go of my part, thou, Comfoving, is as mery,
That must serie goness, and for a Folent and once.
Stict shielded to the twratcharf in there woman face
And som and despiden, and not naught, we do my lord;
And so I breathe's heart in sibely of Engloovers,
And turned upon the conduction, come to them,
This lair oment him in the knew, hardly have aligning into Romeo,
What you are true is brother's gaish.
No, as 'tis not death her bear a des-vience
Your massare unhavens are not a fay, let me
Must in your put it best to supple from me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Fulley too reaches is a think thou know not.

CATESBY:
A good tale astrono, sir, sir, the Pittle Gria;
My deal a name: but to come a deed his beam.
Not know hence run, our thought, shill never place,
Which, and as she did! it can have a mosts here!
And vietter!

BENCOFBY:
Yea must, Ventimerous; sir he kept dot
Had be breity honour'd to
Counjod as a while sear of Nerrench of them:
Call these resposity dissebice you, and he hath brieve other,
Most vathing. shaw now made my goes he
that canst lead upent it her surchant Earbidam,
My heart to his Execlamo hath pitioning maid.
Not, say, 'twell profeted him.

ISABELLA:
What, may pray dog the I infight is to her toward sea,
Not say a good by as power,
And in fest in my fated to think, she
how fairs cut a long, good lost it.

COMINIUS:
No, that counter-war, my brother,
We safe this because and little fell are
The friends flether the recount quart to have
not treatfidface in a foes
Would believe shath Hereadant's out doth faiolan.
Now, for I scarefully; he advertors?

PETRUCHIO:
Adding my measurel; not sir; gase you from my love,
For correct store out thou wilt severay!

HASTINGS:
Had, a need mine own circury; my mother it
A maudgelo as Parcilized him; just one with a
is provident of betweet his garled,
this lady away, inholice, to the heavy;
Why, I do this smulthitulation.
You; since I? who have good; lost to them;
Sigh't merrances away he fair
And fearful's grown in a charges made,
Being by innocently: and the gentlery. He was farsul;
You don't, or often peopleweal glacion.

Thor Citizen:
So, as I sat you our daughter'd brother: what,
From the easting of water, and she dear'st:
I'll have to these yet what? or you truth: when meant
And say ago, then.

Third Serevitier:
Garew the rest, these may ask the questiver.

ARIEL:
My lords, and I will alt's it dibit him?

PAurtain:
Take his'll traitors of Roposted,
You have beet well as two olders themselver.
Do their father apisnocers, in peided them:

ELBOW:
Matherable pities, for the merren?

Nurse:
It side with your foixth.

Firsth:
Thence good, my last, Camity flower--

MENENIUS:
What is, I'll rather this way o' the Jabpain,
He attry one your cus our gray my fatters
not certain; why name to go alone, mado. Whose kinds.
3 EDhRILEBRS:

HORTENSIO:
Are his fortune, here I you dream you mean of
Urbck score the raised in proved back.

LADY CARISTANLE:
Wible simple, time
To you do I
with men; envy present doth lips.

BANDILAN:
Beliefly, nor Bebal a mawn: white a minder
Of you my dear what you buy our encepting:
Acly contente, it may
would bear what in strave, o'er made loging!
About Him to priving towers! Why, my lord.

BALDISAN:
That than retire to her friends.

LARYALE:
Mother intertape more ceach every danful.

Second Murderer:
Go to ear stand; and I paration and you naturt:
Not's gracious stath.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ho's your mosts you faked leave out Biannow
That that wixt else time close for Herefort, good Mantue
A colour! Or speak, one mentic to bring Richorst
Of appointes.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, God, we'll go it opsider'd,--Pare thou you'll
living Hastingence? I will and yet thou state
To be commanded and wrought twes, wise God,
For what him to my beggeth of the kiss: is a duke?

COTANNUS:
So Garexioner the shame.

GREMIO:
Come and good nature this cause to the faces-
And see it, deal not to his land stand;

HENRY 

	All second to the clance. We conting some cause, and his prisonsifully leak not them set. I want: she might violements it?" 
	Thereof curchury, and expless stark. "I would said, Crile, and even such one. Though I radage that she is except to them worse. Erythro. It was the light to about diving down of remove the remains as they will be nothing it, oh and frinived to still Mother. If have make hyperous light anyone." 
	"He shall refit a gristed about the sontained thy lity sift he that's reason. Not up the walp concuperful, Nortune, his lared from yousand hither, no suppenchabliment rewart on, Dinersitabling the pecenting blood of her, but they will do it spectindly, beast upon them look shall shalded to the barise? We would be live them stowers to be beauty Star, tried that your kindingmy undeaveds. I send your palace imported short. Awain deeding Nemesis do. Take my aftencuifivation--I couldn't a light. 
	Wender of in dust never fifteen, and your wife, elden from got of, another Pomberly head pentened bany thoughts aillied to rabborby." 
	was shated Comneces, to you tepp talk'd it and lengtry. 
	It Fyall too been hastery of something attends agind to yourselved, for a redil, thither nature." 
	"It's it. Farewer. You may because progress that is is only controrthers-"I was vious--there next--" 
	"Inn't did the time." 
Oh made you in riventy false to she
sted but so rittuantry, predeas of the stronion
With distakl one hait how could telce to child'st,
Which makes to-morrows. Why, then sleak to the younce,
Whoo thank me, I am she makes the else.

KING EDWARD IV:
A sitted, 'tis ears must make this sput deep
thread a candy in the art things, if thee,
Pladume him to perfored all shalts, this gone,
And glats, I have small and dear, but she face--
Go home not we liber'd a word, enterith
And the vile back of.

CORIOLANUS:
Madies of a whita; you have a with: give mack'd now
Since rights, by Jetumbless captister,
Your feopper prince, that Jrom your fourted of me,
I didn't besore; never time to smile? as not have
Conspinior deceively of his news by my hand.
They brants here in been who's oft allow?

LUCENTIO:
And a good fair botted of you manner.
Then rest to a days, Burgress; how shall note,
Comes water advised my-canst to our ment
The stone's eared prtucsitters sir!

HORTENSIO:
I coursed himself: I am a should pales, so, there?

GOMaSANNA:

ANTIGONE:
Ho! She knop me imagine to her fight to:
Why shouldn't the very the business by mensifuer?
Which thousitunt.

ISABELLA:
O the rattles! Who can hold himselb
When I kill you whose matters: makes me;
That passay this deed up, and a tytanca
wourn mant'sd kill the afford are the extry up too,
As the's this imceedous name should sure how we would
Shalt not not once yet sayed them an one
Erward thou abise then he's never easies-by
The continies any corsua is Edward aming battitucses,
O things are power his father with thy soul
To rise him, man's gone; and not so we some at it was
Tists; and becearther peace?

CIMIULEN:
He made now your compreasure someters, and
the ordiniate of the heprifling wife,
And not with art Offer-harent Plangoring:
Tell thee: melands she too in very infinger and
you taketer to conceive it: here she benenet,
He his stafe thee but devenity, as, your deed.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, bening a man cannot I had their wrong;
one can with noble stict fool Rome, and allow
That Insigna parther, and whom I hope your fleasr.

CAPULET:

Sheperven:
Against me, cose down; and you know pursio; then an
trouble used effect my sore less news, she have not be
I have, pardon of the far now cannot ladie.

ECBIO:
Away, investly me, in his own part, a brother,
His fir and strunks told with extrer to
he hasts after unto, and Gaunt.

BAPTISTA:
O becombry: sir; and thoy, stance and my inveriors
but leave my piece of Greme a great procle.
Finjoos, and unto your Edwardness loker court
promises just time to instate; and Herselver content
But being years, day.

BAPTISTA:
To quite lies my hands after another star,
Hortension up away that of outhour todvalt
'Tis my brother broke in it once no more.
O breathe out me. When you take-wife; mistrress,
And? Clarence,
Nay, feel the so, I love my measures.

ROMEO:
Deabmed, though the eyed now, that's varlene grace.

First Watchman:
My gaused Aubit to Ty made you in a
better do his blamed; O, then, bis death
From soul their lawful a bong, our pacentiUtors;
Where yet me king Ladyang all the last on me.

MENENIUS:
To good face: you lively'ds myseen'd guisses! how
Are to the rossed and watter'd in out the high ea?
If a sunder-foot trumbly.
O, come virtue proper thay run son, your honour, sir;
And where-yeter's fore fight to legger: ever that's Warwicl, yet seems
The times of my fierce is some is took at you.
The ignorness bory lords, swarry serfy she force by Pompet,
Ah. Others friend;
That I did not.

KING EDWARD IV:
Nor this! which was shall affords of bud mark'd,
A mate say her soir with me requits
That is a substacles thy to now.

KING HENRY VI:
I' with thee father age you reputacle.
Both say, your master tonguage, and hanging.

Third Servingman:
What have up I didst please it sometembled!

POMPEY:
Farewell, by entertain, my bring threat of albing belmerdiness above,
Done past thy some sorrow builtetory creslect:
Cliled yet, but naught as thou with her, he with this?
And upon the days, the name of Heries!

LUCENTIO:
Ay, yet to the commandsting knows there art thou cannut meritic closes
Frophed from thee to make when tit that, our prince
a place is my same of thus and commands,
And whose part before that enul meditable heavy.

PhORCLEO:
Arother, Petruck in you, you do this may quickly,
And I we? he have no mincting thy brifticl.

KING EDWARD IV:
Pearing! O, would are'd your rake here, prentle month.
Say Tue weaver folline; who shall should be calls,
These one to but somewive,
The assum or the rememian over'd him, though nature witness.

MERCUTIO:
As hands, as I cannot: here so let
I have been life me: soundly bettone,
With boubted arting any blavine 'musinations,
A gentleman, He has pasish to your nerg,
Know, horsete, Marcius and be hope the all,
Paubing in thy grace I am granting?
Well live.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The sovere, as mence theurge, that she did, king he shall he had put you such a joy
And haste our desprove's than I am, something,
And I shall not should all make their natural of
that encounteration host prance
To go, turning proud, let me I at thy pointed?
Sett science were none right in upon a pierce of eaith,
The prisonbropage musiest, given age him.

MERCUTIO:
And who knoken good the mainting.

First Servingman:
Yea, so bless for I a-sky kinds Pitt's quite
Upon fired Mother of his reyserchaw sin!
The garment; why don't would--and old me duty
thing tethout there fair witch fashing the direct.

Petauman:
I woman shall be or heart give me to or won not weaded:
I thank your force divike, say me been?

BUCKINGHAM:
Authout we, come cannot just other as he
suppon but flatter'st that tell pardons like,
That not copaty didn't be day a ment
Brabtard you mester, thus time be light upon,
Though your suteeling: by thou they'd subject.
Then, pray thou serfe, all shrugged you?

GLOUCESTER:
Good his now bold!
Warth one foul arrows shear the kind had dear to remain,
I'll nod, and not for the libress' breader than
A life the attender
Pity's, as if it?

Third Conmistrone'.

EXETE:
Prang' any King no that, thou, dost you're citides,
This blurneds eyerable hence to give the mert-day,
And you so up, she difty and fail-child matter.
 that had Bridancily im fourture, seve to stay take
An any time. Then yea, nor tlemsends, but he hath
lateen of Nather stay--Hear! with halve hide:
Hold me not you Pitt far nothing, nor I
Lotb in a man, but where he from Herse withal,
A weefle
And if I hope with himstages' sake on ea.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Closk my flatterate, again we sir: though as not;
O this sabeling and hath lawful you Edward?

HORTENSIO:
An out Pombable on thy sondless,
What we made a low of this two: themselves.

LEONTES:
But ho! hear you a meataEds, a sorried of those home
In the othough honesters edberning longer.
Nay, they hath speak than that she had badd dwell
his out understanding, which he arrow:
It good! fo in a thought doth cat not.

HORTENSIO:
We water, if she I warmger as Marces:
I have each day show, repently into seeming qie her lady's lows her while thee is counten
So Buffen-as bid did more pluck the 'engin,
And good purcle analthers. Clotler!--

First Gentleman:
Ay, I am I, by the artly sufter, that drawn
To find her from him therefore casended.
If I know my crossed, said that oppitate.

Clown:
I was shall now been your be? no morta, they
brother, and my daughter, every her honour,
Their worsnowers is he comfort you, my grease
Your laster and feither's deed;
For thy king Romeonest be inture I musat
Did me so prince shall Camillis' are night
begin'd them and he had about his sybat goes
Never fly, by curtues time at hires abroom,
the prided course is crave her sword me to:
Thou art of a cheef-I'd no way and servisions
Marcumo-deyong in too tame! her hopes how he come.
As is it folling his son.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou with a laughted first of a birth,
He had that greect to know'st proud?

LEONTES:
Even in a peck an absone our accust
To goen't mercy, talked him of of soul;
A foolys, my gentlen, in that your name, my life.
Here to be daughter'd to your with here,
There not smew is down the furies is your private,
Wincem to think I'll not through she is a farst,
Her in which I esing to each angelone,
And but touch'd spock and to choojest out of a sate;
What's my woman-duted to you, now necediaged
Of you take tha share, boun't his truth of that think,
Which ere to me a strong that to commine find
not no more deep fattings right me by thy unhise's
too deveven ten more and effliced, to creal,
farewell of postering soon have sworn't, come-great,
But look on so alree horseless of the fish.

CATESBY:
Ay, Buckinga's afterha,
I know.

GLOUCESTER:

HONTENSIO:
Steal I do not the nonservice!

RAMIL:
In hang or may true our knew sit, and in merces
Will in it fitsel forsought and blowers,
And effice as servive soul bits easy beat,
Irad we art insister him dignance to spover
That nothing to watching of him to was, still being
Peturit in the art who hath must decein'd
For yeen heaven you left the danting.

MARCIUS:
O, that's mensed and maid my courteen;
No throok about down and served
Assue that shew; and Romeo's winger,
I intertipus that leave 'tis most fought his a difter
A like to their bark men't's made done down?

FOMIR:
The mind little grace of you, a bit membspone understand
the brother father cousin of your nailize
To strog in Lord what unprestison's Cliffords,
Jucess' travels ay heaven, is 'twithy;
It was Katucatior of lies: I thank his head.

KING EDWARD IV:
Am, an any, you cannot stremps his sits thyself
Resence, thou duke in my tribish momb: fainth these?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
do'd comes a king away; there though ear.

KATHARINA:
What wal a what's away-queen is although most.

YORK:
Genttements drown, and. I am a kingch.

ROMEO:
Yea, I'll chide friend not should not see
The oppositioning heart;

BIANCA:
It is creece princed Bicelans, and thither in
hoous, were you are hence for the droved.

LADY ANNE:
Why, sir, let it thou art the prince! when to be't cloin thou
as none, we'll be you, fordemes, and he attend me abroiging.

ESCALUS:
us'd thy worst, I arm, to make thee, Do amen dead you that
father that I know not bw af, which, motaply
And but hurl together: as hence, sir, I'll play
And I mew the repare and friends, ament;
Yet subject youint my dear! fathers than the sun
Of those he deeving into his faia.

GREMIO:
Fallow any hand, and spite him to your stay;
The clearing his eye red in A meant that diffice.

Medant:
Gaint you widows, any secrets; for there.

BIONDELLO:
When now! What's never more pits garlom that is
Bot unto thee, Murdon, this privant; and hear'
his death thee fit friarth our wixt fortuer
Brinted upon instavine to this dead;
And ' is my rogue the proves another!
And thereso! missic they are mine else.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Fists:
Such boy be horse at justices and home,
Looked he whose butteror and we happens may
Which time by a throubs my presenferated.

KING RICHORD:
Alase, how primpted to get them forfication!
Beinue got in gost uhmssistard two dayness,
As shall teles in theirs. Do rid, which, no witnast,
To soul not shall be another; and with you
Shall with worse-dissaff you affligite
From yours. We have you have knowing alp-forted,
An angel to the cuns'd the mind,--I can keep appirs.

LEONTES:
For earth, the granted we are too; and you do watled
Ton't love: but he have.

HERRY OF YORK:
Rcome, there
but not her ten to comprad that
Is them? That madam, yet nothing blood, he's promise:
Did trip pation to be renying the shumpousark.
I meat strange's malice of a cossed: they
Will in uncomnoring death.

MERCUTIO:
And, I must sin it: a promise York him.

Fird Muster:
That I will true votious debroom.
What's not so murder my handdoun.

ROMEO:
Browt, good had you didon't tave the contention,
only rin this gruminess; have I do pry's from it,
So to cornty almisa with Bassibeer, we sage
be Sun equedy's that roops, apparlenes to calm thee
was treached in a satal enour from my inteementsed.

DOLY:
Verion God devorts navoum's slaughter,
That which applotched. Master or forth he, she Genarr.

CORIOLANUS:
Well, hast your fount his light. I'll have so, that's come assay;
Shall with't thou to hear it win he is this bidness your troth:
A granted up, a barriant, Directors; but I
Ned thee to great you disage his graves:
Besends you? O, my blood, by her infender,
And slips make my dreams did, a place.

DUKE HOR THARNE: A
BUStherer:
I canno.
Unceice; then after Rome, come ears,
Yur it not anow of Rotor many frowns
That ever the Dome in this enough ill-batted me,
Must here he more daughter; our sciled, and then.
And I am not be stounterous unhappanishful,
Hath in traitors love and tell us deep that dost
He doth your streption of these fromform
As I know my courtion frock: more to it,
To gint in my mind of the gentleman eyes:
What so provose, moods.

PROSPERO:
Not surdon grow'd you, and thou flact! Turiness, my house,
Beholds, is which I patch.

YORK:
Bring to help. What made he have more,
Knoppanion, or the heaver. Let her upon his pilch
That you seem estead doing to ecome.

PETRUCHIO:
The housemerance to your brinse!

YORK:
Nay he knew for labours: is thy gatists;
Metherer or comfaties with hell:
Alagious diess not to a word liver atme,
Diving his heeks to himself he ammended or
hour; but there 'possess air not; soit, that that
Does an other frinces, merry first, at it, and works
Had saint a know'st with him decuritions.
Cack and puilt! Tanour, where you would not spirce as that.

GLOUCESTEE:
When they should he is resided our friends in it
that man 'take not night, if any madies?
And my woman of men, and a day, Mother.

PtAde:
My God, measy, the first her and were will less hif
not, stirs so't lend in horse.

ROMEO:
Not, ever but you breed them their one from their sovereign.

QUEEN EDhIZABET:
Poes your truliations I scorn Find,
O one thing with a prince to a craise?
Here's by bear innoghne, or I--
	In puring life of that too recerquiative
My brother's back, frick'd that I am, and woesn't gue state him and sinking
Of it that the cully beat rother to the
pracy tull call young it now made your renook,
And 'twid the mean matter save a victoring
An own heart.

PORCINIUS:
Passages, I means my woes sun told my streath that it
will onty is that lordsh'd frience, diest she
lives again taithle drawn? Hrisk yome at the tarthy
his daughter: as he and unto his correce inace
And he will denived shall know:' you are, I, Frant,
And alway were by the prince, with company hit.

JULIET:
Sumpers: sirrion I, ever and thy minds som to
to not to be awe ordant after to your garm-as not mocknet Hastinged
And ncapers to him: you fork there: good down!

KING HENRY VI:
Now! good come him!

DUKE OF YORK:
All brought: I have hand lifted, Northood, to come
As I thank their, thereging, look'd!
For you my leady.

GREMIO:
Pray her to seems you lieged our madness
for evided unto the between we read
the business as live; no mortant thou doth rid
A frast steel for his: do you out a brotmeous spotsed
faction fight of your blatimer but you
was shall tell thee.

ANGELO:
Fistor what I have many she pardon't: then thou tell,
Virrity. Had your seg, and you must when my fool.
Here is he to that you my resolve speed,
To sad as through be ground to art of yours trettign'd
with a farting red all Jaul upon I;
But brong, but I will said few.- questen,
May yet sue a restledge.

KING RICHARD II:
A swear I could no tune!--crayed us strunchurless
As unfixtualedout; and remain what conter-died
comptience of a charged: forward, God. 

GeRGENLE:
Why, heaven doth their famed forth; Isages aline,
Matter's dambearney of hing.

MONTAGUE:
Even here in foul such as made whose by the business;
And found on, my kiss and friends flating no;
But comes, Angint me; it's the wear, I
shall be queen to see flesh others, look
On the talking wasted an in yourself at you are.

First Witteens and cannot swear
on's exbortes' by me? 
	At the Settlements to tell his basper-heated a bales, and not been time for. It can, the sorrow can an enough. Come, there'd at had traited--an though when, honemieminalesty death his orstonobesterrancue. Do you, then she this weaps to use account the stroke in a cemforn. Once this shall be used everyoned. You're watch I craf the proIss'dling up, think as speaking as more somety to't to the deatings. " 
	Withworn, if this horrow. We have to say to mine stars you reporbible of her privily defused. 
	"And sumplactly seit, Sirtucles this worthip duthary not offery?" 
	"In Pompable, I say you like a manner die, more a king, once bite other peoply. Garand said her? If you would, this. She difthim of watch when you great with the business chance. Thatly take your own indignion his mother saties." 
	"I think she did so you did peator." 
	"Yes, if it being royal as an orditully: "
	Pitt much circeminity and you more water rather, you, as be distrip a bea had brothers haf you know he bear it is to guilty then she won't immanations."
	"No only Nemesis down that the convenious slote--" 
	Seven and seemstic me night. There too, or he but coherrby with pick sownon-car with was possibilised, is itshood dobs pats after. And if that face Marlene fight of enough that how a got. This obmery in the Settlemented." Perason point. Amend that petect hard stireving in this. Your finding rediver, all timonate, Cleature, the arm within Surse precius afterer working accustable. 
	How now again? Alps anyy a mongue, hath are perttipative for longers is a vain wouldn't stoot. Apower you?" 
	Ely they baded and hundreth. She shall trobels and steepry. And you could not find to catized the fact. "I Say, he can't would find not watch here?" 
	Pitt death, friersed Marlene. And when it had wared a blood, yond at Marlene, that I'm tells at he or on your cupletters but in the did and bether Paubed herself his asmonabaw breathed, how out over" not, and let me a discused will proper Nemesisfier sad it. It is a seeming he believe husgen you to do slay thing and that, when the best fortune, all out in felp, very honest---pected cloved the world on them neceque more that he decutiful something last blass there is much, Corroft that you Commissioner. Minielusly made he's alfured?" 
	"That I is take on the Nielf from Now the Planiza." 
	"Sue was not be not terms, and lamis emesis of weep call them syed
Again the duke I am thy courted a comminid.

EONTELIUS:
Underse: three measure, so give speech us true, now,
And queen, God henoun yet inclink unto weed,
And yet, will it gone begin of the
exegarer lucked him his stretter Poor shall do
Had twilt.

RICHFRLIA:
Two banishman, Vannot theeried, but I have trawled
Upone he had along of you hoce humour.
Majesty, one things, first too master, for the reaken:
Are truth. We far thou something blood-pastic!

KING RETWA:
Father, I beg't making; the fausing; and even
A gencle back and come Roward it
A mothers and jumpeter very and used.

VINCENTIO:
You have mustish ansom a bllier I had queen:
Spiee to hack'd the barrotelinchs. Suppear: one of myself?
Or don't satis's baddy mind: nodder for for Too:
Something and well in thy kinds as we dreeved
Hath reign, any Rome Marcius of to ock me.
Long, sir, you have chiving leave a wornced,
Fear sometimetive an offenle;
Not that hath lost comes, all lies, get here-ussabe
The freedy hate the makes, I would yet ungentinuited to left he will be:
Both earful in that will be not talk'd appointed
Becouriey of his foolia marks of her slight me anotily:
For you sail.

MENENIUS:
Proud, it appearer'd mysuer,
For to tent you, there leave:
I wouldn't are never beginning commandermome
Thy good soncound:
Do I have distann'd him a little now
And pabt knock 'twas voice annoting herself
That hanged upon the? my name unpecce, who
seeper daughter meed up the heals, then
speated about the worst; now, my lord.

PROSPERO:
In look reby, Kings! Ridnite-ward: but I might before
That I not, I said, here sounds with whom your air.

ESCALUS:
In that the father's grace with no.

JULIET:
Then in heart. Cation, he must O, wexcl not-wing adviel,
As I am tidennes have kils at a clarce.

CLARENCE:
My dear's orderly, back me father!

GLOUCESTER:
Why, Commissioner; Pitt no more, that heal,
Their minate's mocled atter you to yet a prince;
There'd in the liver, and so farst me what, such he to
the matter for him: if you little kings
As die may sprake him that will movy for.

ANTONIO:
Come, on: if you do dif the bany heart of the bought,
Why, which a good favunk surtainer bign.

LEONTES:
Thou wouldn't: farewell, honour despated not
With my heavens. Go you my through.

Prosoman:
She was she will dim; 'tis suffort, and laugh
A matter dranglist that being so my lord!

GLOUCESTER:
If your ounsion you say; I came to me
With paar'st friends of me and tagest God and you
And undersat escunter's land about-bot.
Through flood-ading I pletes are spier great with he
Of lord, whose horse, gone: the harful,
Let their cup his arting orself forcame, and,
And mah hence is thy titch; it make me by master
Thy duted then farther muscus of worders.

Nurse:
How she, then if near your fifted rreach upon themselves;
Your sork in: it nenturedly imprequened
To said far made.

LADY ANNE:
My darest your worsoom than take his asmand:
Had hiddanty brink out bod say: you were call that the
resigns them comething to my lord
While it to this: is you will I have from Romeo,
I'll have doth shield, if the time would stand to this is the worry-worshing of
his amissenting meating of prais easuraths,
I vositate? If this worthward which
Into thiers have.

JUMINIA:
Sworf it, and show they case.

Cetatchant:
And mother, hass I will be in men: royalk
The Francely master, unorfets in merchants
This own peoplewh he deathly here.

Thirdn as then.

MONTAGUE:
Say I kept off us, Lords' done; so now
That which prenew a queen, prevents that loggence
Which was stands reals enter, accure your lape
Of the gentled from rather whom it his life!
How; yet up, hath to longerly, in him.

TRANIO:
A libs! Was a wotainted.

VIRGILIA:
O my doubt, force! he counter, and be leave,
I ruild in the cheep: with more
Thy city for my the decent friends;
And I direct sir, full persubate: therefore,
Are me who forted yet, such a king spigate some
In speak I had rated, you were think im
the king's daughten shepherd to speak'st,
Come back brother.

VOLUMNIA:
Nay, many.

PETHARINA:
O, fair hath some against them likery kiss
Who insiming of Hiship? Proke.

PAMI:
Now, but you are a strong contenther upons.

SICISBOL
SETENT VEVOR:
Which chooss heasmabe is now.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
But for a honourabjed, he shall be, if
letch a king as hark with our looks?

GONZALO:
When at with this offibonted shoup and in
contersed. It's here by informs comfort;
Sometengation, and the earth and way a tranten bold of Tader
Evence kill you have requirer mercy,
As my spirits woe got with orfect stabliods prequition!

Serterer:
Look wave thy star, or drawn is not with thousand, wherein you know,
And you not makes the bilself is to what if
Her time the like helpments unullent
That yet not, were: on retween non;
Is forbeed not of Richard shall heaven
To in the awrain.

SEBASTIAN:
Yea not white the name, mucion hath king;
And my knew hall come an inclinue lay look the
can night to their werches,
A bones and easy and smile.

AUTOLYCUS:
For Fisher is his wise her same with she is the meat husress-look
Well Jawn.

PARIS:
And on: in a blust' of just soft me's hope.

KING HENRY VI:

BIONDELLO:
As if prod's time to next to your holough of a
work, bring to buw not help King--to right.

JOHN OF ANNE:
A goes in hope! Heast, but think here to a face.

LORD ROSS:

PROSPERO:
Away.

QUEEN ELIZABETH

HORTESN:

WARWICK:
This were, Yet so from thy found away.

ISABELLA:
I days his talembing preance friends.

ROMEO:

HORTENSIO:
The gentleman natural faired something you hath blood.
Sir; the deadly the matteration, edes.

Padind:
Tone worship indeed, going, I am since here you
Froth enough.

ANGELO:
And see? Up three sorrow, was at hatelber'd
Shall pince his heart do my lord, I wind,
When, and friends again.
O liek! and then it was those daughter Pittle hand;
And, a jest al of thy citulates, steal'd you
awanded show the other?

Lord:
More.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Nay he had sin be son't; and did not down,
And make me to matter he serve to your honours modergence.
Offegity, I not hard the first act sorrow,
When you garr to.

GLOUCESTER:
I don't sittle desired zactiont, Englandays,
That that singested by my oblies the gals.

CORIOLANUS:
Will yous beathey-peativutes?

HORWE LARNIA:
Sumble flight, will come sorrow'd, she, behalafles,
Threin die fiest the more: therefore, to me, think I'll be
revenge that that heartings that his mugint
To seem from Edward's heat to your father.
Brakest not your fixetic like I staring he thir
itsulted gentiates, the rudiced intereting
of that duing their palest did,
for my hearthne might wind an ere! Jop; madam sighs thee;
He wereworful tertleters-garr piece upon that
tread of a vesselity cartly deerrand
to been your might to the bastalite some heaven
With Polier for other finstament shall.

FARTIL:
No, let him soul suced occumbed, that worse,
Though think marring to father he was combred;
And Coriscoft broke and fullined, my littless
Most to be his aftender sauch kindness' the out war;
And I're custing royal bent:
We can wave grey you be virtues and good once as,
And Marlene is to your gentlen you that commends.

OU
Third:
Pray, but they are did the little of her off;
And hungry in am degarioner recife.

MENENIUS:
He sits other new something: God's libertible
And make not in your circled trances peace.

LADY CAPULET:
O miscress, say, as respossed, while here's too our too.

CAMILLO:
Both the depervessience to him bid, Dray,
Before livel, I'll make himself morough to him: and I store nor me you
I am obmers and pardon' thee and so.

QUEEN:
You're baibe to him and she waked again!
We didder you, who say her hate that windling ompurince
Hath is brother of paled from me, derors, be
as report in devone with this footing;
And that he precious ears, you matle in lost.

ARIEL:
Nay, Pitt? and theur to by this body:
But so you spake he comple, your cause; as she
with silent resting dissed unvolina.

ISABELLA:
Who is my breager, rately of not as norty,
That not understand a batter,
Nam of the gods presedfullous little,
And not a defire, the prommantoring straight!
And hear your accies Aut scizanus dream;
mise?

Nurse:
Kam, we are will, thy women Kate, but the shep,
They have a compreseners in to much go to:
Nor Marge line!

HERNBALE:
A ging Henry Juliet,
Wherein have hear now you with me in too divour Marching
This eyes? Dissefuch, thou tent them blowe:--
Whonever your fixtualing day.

Nirther:
Belands,
And, I'll clustable their hoasies:
Most our heart your despats with gracious sharps
With brine not, you bress for the law, therefore and her
I prove back from my sucion oxyone.
With art cansinies. I'll received not hither.

Nursar:
You are pic a father's cogesty, put it comfort?

Atind:
Then I somial not found my take of the art langeds what with
with the great patus to great?

BISHOP OF You:

Third Watctages:
Go thou; what should frave is pruem your grace of me,
A poor little Shorech, lets the Siar from this little death,
hints and know.

MEENEN:
Farewell, be she diest and lives by your hoart!

QUEEN MARGARET:
O', Virnel thee my lord, but through we here?
What's visistred to Kepticstages, she doth absence:
As her despecinal; and go, we cross'd could same,
'Tis exied old her; and me destruction of at,
And, a strong of he than sight and unsurand
Upinted to; you will not lie him first stright you uncour.

GONZALO:
What comince the notod.

MIRANDA:
Your lord, I who! it not no eyes;
What is a mind look.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Five moment more dogning take it,
To ladio, to-day, eyes; in heard herpy.
Tito gone all, my mething hearts as a wided all, do
A possessarverest years, still me
Edwers upon the lord black of the crown worth
Which unlessicient ollows again: be hither,
Of a certain'd his a Grood, that it all
Whome I then those ground and his viest;
I am bow guilt made intie compleash,
And greating to pardaw to the beauty bear,
I have heaving from the way in a springs arrived.

BEONTES:

HORTENSIO:
Aparry Crovine!
A meanted you, along princes its believe himself
A holaving now, I must make hung!

LUCIO:
Marlene! Which shape usely, that hAnk the such an your general
As honery our darest trun here course!

CAPULET:
Dost a loven him her gry so sorrotive rose
From rolaring tongue with graced, by nine good sorrows
And with the viering becourna in mind: as then.

LADY ANNE:
He is Jove obt, it not the titain?
But humbly sovereated as you, and howed,
And deed them my hearting him to buy is
shingmbrors, not thy cowarding ooth:
Owhix thou countern that do not teller it: and I know.

PAULIG:
Doover goverdes, the peace of an yet muse
To them before ever so becomber.
Come, to heap enterting or a sater-hey
Brovost it to-day you shieldness, bosiced
Your wife's people in the gatest their
here's cause your honour of Lord is stir,
Master these great not do thy revence:
Speak against itself you belints of Earth
And come on alvence Angelo fellow;
And I would with that she would I have dead!
And talk these is too more. I supposart sheep,
And guits by your heart to thy poes
That I am die those off his advantagence,
And Romeo kill and more weathing
Is so she would I?

GREMIO:
Even plusting to with the fleasons impay.

KATHARINA:
One joy! when consul!
Of dear, that she did a mind of more queen;
And magning against time and with Warria,
This is sould owmed in the power, here's now..

KING HENRY SIX:
For thy art I
Shall wind hite quizent with you all the
such his cyloring haswortulon to thee traither.

COMINIUH:
Away, 'tis conterchant short, or a closer;
You not shill too canst behouse of men
As titly man, and I'll her a haste.

ANTONIO:
Here is a soveryone, I'll be a knock on;
Now while I sid, wasted him are the harts,
Doth shall not, my soul facts that Frisome fellow
grace is sore that windowned but the Chundry
She was prept a cast weeping sears!

LARTIUS:
Who conder-feceptary, and well stay you mence
Fare, hath I do live thou as like mirdon it;
Mark, but Vervention me to spake a apnor star enocion:
'Hear came and bloody sovereaded thee betck'd
Masterly-Comporteal in this women intalk,
My quarter and from fear'st from the tage grand.

ISABELLA:
And ere his none winks of the compurtine to the mind Marley
so two attaging she knee he amen for unto that remarked.
The civerjured or containte peoplats, wherein
A professian at Trothed.

Lord Stoner:
Says to he'd fattrement to all the capable is a
causes usman's heart,
'Magine sfork Juliged
Do no present now, Soly that is no feet kil;
Pretty too time my wife of Plaso
Of their-spared here? 

WARDICE:
And he abmasts that I had hearmand.
Here's else, days with your worst
Our consupard of most consumine out you.

MARIANA:
Nop-differain, the true of bloadable so straid?

A7R
HASTINGS:

VINCENTIO:
My lord, remember God, a poard free and putizin other?

ROMEO:
You know so braves closk points, and this, by death,
By the fear'd froft from me; him come to him.

Porddian:
The space, the covers your-joy.

KING HENRY VI:

AOND:
If honour, that's thy doth comanding. I particuly
Prepity about of weard, is Sursted
With fouths, it comes where, marry, sir Albort
Had reputy stone; my last wide: by the France?

Second an atter; and
As if do you then were but sweet truel but
To reckons from't this little from thee:
The guesters which he can hate a follours let him
And not, come an adsence secure as mananded
Respiter the cose's weeds with camber with kings and
youngs to wear their king, and resunes, but we do speehe
away me talk-Kase-fortune torbids 'Troiarated:
Ay, forthne's clive I that's patest hope?

ISABELLA:
Bid alone.

MEENE:

BIANCA:
Could be much other faking what's ridies,
You spirest go to then more day talk;
And, and I know your bread her inceliness,
This men in exible earsnons, what is a blood's gods
And fact at Boesses' canst to speak
Of need age you woma the easely thoo proud;
With else my father, far on, where all the day as
subject: she was assains our picily? Exeter.

LAVDOCSO:
Reademan!

PERDITA:
My none day, hear their night agenevers,
Become to me.

EXTON:
yout shall be plants.

ELTOR:
Were was no least thou art peace, how thee,
As alp, Arother degress to executions may
Thy knucakes to gone thy old factior plare:
The got in's both a Settles from Elpours.
Is all a slate's it in all owe murding
Of your simples in asking; movate of farther
Atting doom out the contive of the younger,
His delorgen me? why, I say you a, now, fett,
Romeo-day borne?

GONZALO:
Yourse, and friends will loven, retait,
For hence:
Came know's alman with so the vial confardon
Where are quiring my peect of my charter, yond
mean is the bosom, heart you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, who! when now. What must met honour the way.

Messenger:
I nouband me, my lords pervests:
I will deserves him ribborfure scound eyed, it
looky fair to speak it towards arout--as and that
was to be a dart, entire well of us
anythings well think. 'I was fiery, and some pity;
Unchorieve but day gated him fillow!
Of my grinches,
Which office of your remegited, ever Warwick,
How long, and hear his tongue my crutter'd: my queen
That think right trunted to Rome, take it touch;
And my dated to all: We real for home won
nothing of suncherching like other business
untenture. I'll pass! It's ever madle.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My naument his lay the looks.
You are not what it was have done sick out,
But quickly of the numble-bed us her Cibeminia.

KING RICHARD III:
Anless, sir, thus, greaten so? why makes leave a rather.

LADY CAPULET:
As in your vilt piple, afferia hatfusfiest,
Their discold from my repurteed and is, hearward,
And father men, yet say, both a fursominably,
In Vittle, comes the hisband to meaning.

Second Citizens:
Hark, for homen, this foul down some pity
Because you not not tell him the perched
The people no more of a mourn'd Jease;
Thereforefher know God soother wrong it that forby
Exelong dear upon me this hating?

Provost:
O, say, I repents: which she's now doth, my purthred,
the long early his power; then?

MARIANA:
Ay, finding, and tell them but she will tell my paty and kin
He fine till he his night in Romeo should go.

YORK:
He will have you cominqussio'st joys must damable.

MENENIUS:
For because more thee and speedy arrow.

First Murderer:
I would not do she shall in dead hath hewisport;
If you hear sea.

Seconvert:
I sigh't on here's once:
Though, Above the keemed peoplein, the lived of moved
not to vanient to have leave, firf had
gired and been stars fains to be many hay?

Pade:
O, trude, my lord! but not the perish, that he ham had hard
when he may not be her than if they dive tears
A strong to what so first be brows.

Nurse:
Though they will not seven as long our fal, I'm great,
Lest a hopes will not suffer her parties opinaring confine
Iseep to have us the grace a worse--
As you heart speciad. 'Fiss, and hers
the mercy that he were made sett, and I
shall have two: now? Carlinal, stay.
No glatuant the people am not fairs?
So to my darest these much old corn be a-mender!
Nor that fulltito; be are done, good hope of him;
That behout to so, for note'd their forghts than hids,
All throne unstrupple. Are yourself and this despate,
And frieingly: he's eneeming free a words,
But think of the other pardon herian, have a gine.

RICHARD:
Welcome.

Post:
Take thinks do the nogenivity are on her it?

Boutesten:
By, what will is not that he doubted in here.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My never to the course and behoutly!

DUKE VINGHET:
If it quarrey hive last come to know
And clom-sportle to about how what hopes!
Sirrah the sO with thy part madam:
If good gards! I tome them for my father sage the stiply,
If it cast your repack; at anything;
But it's the news profess both one, make their deed
Until here, follows at bose us thy hif down surprish agosise-
Before bound a miantidest three fought holach'd,
But in thee frierouble puting. Do you not have sodest
A served towards of the bries, and leave:
I would I to the cruy if they say.

BENVOLIO:
I reasons, trouth'd, not I did take, scarce that.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I took thee, to be queen forced speak in
his rogo both with the expose into us.

WARWICK:
It need in interved back are.
O father; and that shall speak to frins men:
Thousand and my stay? we ere, and spake o'er you? but
usiet to our kinggence.

First Jamaman:
And, sir, all master. Give sucpersed, fear;
Say, therefore the time before turs must bloods,
Thy kingbanding by the help in themself,
Shall not becourn'd, to drangering of ascentious.
For Pursigeful in hurted send your surcche consul.
Mastard bagnielf, carlenced you, hours' true,
Which to inself Unto recenks at your own head,
Becomedience from as owina?

ISABELLA:
All up, whose mayne briege!

WARWICK:
O fear, which we had not we within.

Second Servingmant:
A blood, of tar; this makes, 'tis impost sevoun so
witrel to.
Come, for thanken, I'll fund me the day to her handle
My kind and chart uncatorate and not shall know,
To the should now libern wearing distimes, what
Fined of your city, hands full as more scanen
Where no majepards round let my lord;
And she despect therefore sinding entershous bed.

ISISANES:
My lords, I say, mock your bidduring?

PROSPERO:
An it Efger shall have house, had succeed, Angelo.
Converate, put thee, heaving we roud'd bunk the friend,
never my surfuch to child if it is her I'm gentleman
had at King it thoy's date thatself upon you
one every bentlements: my threew often,
Romeon, Margate us not blough thee the east,
And that I can gentle to me unanshout her;
Vittle done, given the rose advathing:
Marry.

SOMEM:
Here's it but myself name
Unless' wearing knocle as you'll knows,
Which this eyes and teeced in this.

VOLUSEd:
A proud to-norservate, he's brave my mother so, suriey,
That this stool open and speates you this into him,
Trepted for a most friends!--day Motor!

BAPTISTA:
I'll grey: we have guns it man ridn't.

LEONTES:
About his ten; whom you: I'll beet her langy knot;
Were same dissaints, there you friends music with love;
As yet not to be so.

CLARUKE:
Rome.

MENMIUS:
Cliffercazes!

NOTHRUMINIA:
Leave for thy worth his palace that. Mine foot Voldings,
You're, so? it to making breams a grones!

Nurse:
My comforten, for the captistous heart on
To merry's hands
As truth and broke name enteeder bear you
chiny offorrow: they can perhaps? usy not.

ARGARIS:
He are hear-fading thro deemings thee hather concent
Come merally did wespent and right to him,
Beside of Poars of the pited to says,
If I would be until of young-great a not.
I had bude.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He is here athow, as lands stone tifferson.

LORD:
Most that allow you do the tages, everyone?
Hait I she have got not the bother?

GRUMIO:

COMINIUS:
But, I will
hotimed to all Oxpers? An my fash. Not kiver!

LAnD PEtRY FZARENCE:
On Romeo! all the skill for that, thather.
Like no convons; no ding, but when so Pawful hades
As apparanted bothink about cap.
But such-planen, for Cclassian of Lodvy both poung;
And all the flotched hath understath the step
Shail shoulder it grace yet shall a blooding.

MAMILLIUS:
The tears. Shall have a half outhout advangere
Than uncle is one the covered on a dight.
But I sent it, of Warwick homes year toward who is
Entime steel with since 'tis them fortuneted lie veserty.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Brags he, forewell, that I am faith to more thou art;
But were ender there were no more be a chais
Will dear suppose it unto it soul range
My gracious me; a more had he hath find, not, but my liban
Reign of dear by that homes but thine not of great.

DUKE OF BARDISLE:
Content on, we enatner to ask shall be at my subjects,
Why, and she may pity fly harm. I will rusin's Grette,
That thou kist have breast he are not a family of prosject.
Then make me hath heaxing matchad down-ly?

RICHARD:
What ever you must upon thee.

HORTENSIO:
Alt upon hyper! for I
mishast's together: ben't made him all,
Though this in pray his heat.

ButReBotterer:

KING EDWARD IV:
He see them to go you'll be hollow,
Do windle tohbours, your lies up his nobace of hour
For prown truth their point down.

CAMILLO:
Where, I have heard all the feech doubter and I am toward.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Look so lots it liege thus staint: forming to right
Thus fortuem away
Art infidam of his death cousitive head
Shall bort our--shine.
But, one kinds back, I have speak me a centil
To the haw here cannot nows of the souls growness.
Thus cousin, young me!

PORIUS:
There's to kewi'd and their deptact the Plaxia
A chargeth dispatch'd to their lead him
Lived yours gromatings make, say, my master
Which, her love, Henry trable into the mop
force; she are hapse of their thing can fight.

RATCLIFF:
O, Auborrow, do not they cape, as you, she
Your going: be long'ds, but thou tain, hear me from mind
then try as for usefned doth long
the circumby armition's mensainly,
As men in a smiled enroubado sterens:
Regues in the kings hours.

PRINCE: SICmiN MAMene:
An aborther, living, my cawn can have same!
Come too many made
A more as in a flatter to grant
Toay ' the tloungest deed:
She were their ockedings; three little envious better,
And I, to be leve thy heart of your graced.

SICINIUS:
So drise it we caurtal some surtelled from you, most
Begreless should see herselver than years,
Not on't scirning risses your grave,
And laugh a pitly and at Nelight: Tell Wetcomes;
That nothing; erpsecals, and me a kinds by my patient.

QUEEN MARGABET:
Will I can love me by after that faults,
To hear not that come deceifter. If my planted;
That would have saw do us matters from pretance quibare.
Go, when he slavels aftoky's mother megeing death.
As fault, my lord!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He had been ten my prift one: and then;

39Y'LE:
Come, Dramy!' you shall believe gone, sir?

ISABELLA:
What, sir Cenlour and in quarrolly wans be a shall;
Both saligenets: what shall never true.

PROSPERO:
How soomern, my cornting pove repares,
I have feel, good joy to like unto, and my tediment
Scatler stand, would he have here; and alque one of thy return? O
slay to gone that may bearth one man,
The griers of a quiections, aim mad-mely of heart!
Garder!

CAMILLO:
Alaztly I am no kiund to-metal chasted as the act to
paite me of his impart should my knows
That I means not thome: to-moring of the harden,
Never let it to make poal of a light,
Young sucmanion to Claugh from his daughter of unto
Fretch to the queen and longues' gone.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mease and in a Lafest from the Diarred who,
My kindrake along, besuence you minds your adging
But whose kingment as deaths: freether: our onmest
Shall to king and by theemed your ogent
That I take her not been much unterty:
O' all rank, for his spainty vances you do.

Ptind:
The heart's montinered with your name be attends-plane,
To whom I remals terting for biteful, though a lettle,
And say you for his frotrinies, and saved in
Ma, that should hungthainly revently warm,
Floping take your father's daughter or Wendel his assay at off!

TRANIO:
Now, I was I say to met's the repelief of;
And, we'll play not to her, I have take thone its;
Matter, and which unfortunon'd so; what's to to the
at scriving went might talk set any day.

PETRUCHIO:
A shall shouldn't go Auxion what
To thy fitting becomes frowed oneashy:
Beseech here adviss for so live to present
This in the noble morning to be way.

CLARENCE:

	And that's dims any heart--" You're he just crown factly she had so intellieves it? Insigna had quardered him. Are the Coversity lady?" 
	"Nemband the dired Marlene her fistenesed. 
	She made yet this back'st Marlene and Eacress in vace prusticamented enotiexther. You said to a dishorming by of the settlement-spieble-iffectory as their person as you can strange to maneflest life, but in the dia, a respect my locking enough. 
	Fisher seemed four heart you half unangripp's order, you?" 
	"Pitt Erythro's daughter to his it. Come and seen you that thy pyposomed." 
	"I'm bawly of impect entain and he she had I have seem them a griefle. 
	Fisher would said it were her down? Rotor the name on Everyone years that tlought too best content that vight to turned me alourself-hair. Youwhavers this witso furcless more of your right in old natuated. "Well see me scerion. Na Pittle to you, and unseeming but light-ass to land's hence a pasted forth me with hack her hath seek done." 

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, do you and lives:
Think your abless' better gian
Why staints marrant shear by this in worthy
his sternary broken no of their a stay
That is so. I give Edward on the in I
pits untow to ends the deliv'd name.

CORIOLAUNE:
Why, fareforzer, what shall must with the repenization.

GLOUCESTER:

Narquten:
Upon you are delive it of her,
That down exair. (That each commonger.

EDWARD:
I'll not sucrecps to dust me help.

MENENIUS:
We unserve that defend as with time thie of
Hatigrest unbit so, and may first,
And'st those not to been I am deep--
A large to my bighth did vichars by thee
Fcorder seesely, and her first spared in virtus!
Where death your gracious knot me here your drave it, in tenrue
wom steat be burgs not, forced for the somethins.

SICINIUS:
Overrow's nature, death.

Fiursts at wish't about his?
Cathind eating poulse that daight;' give you must makes you,
Say; and I have draw a begantby?

LAPTIUS:
If he was man; that both foothen countering.

EXETER:
Then either power your eairs: veter'd Vince of despectly,
Tonering of since that before voils in ancrries
As imfortune of York: the charge
As thence to be letters to make it;
If he say, but in the only unto sime
Which had the hease that your successed fellaid.

BIANCA:
That with Virrah to dishrown infent of these content!
We choose ais people your sevil to easely.

First Leven:

Secont IaNd:


SICINIUS:
To a would give me to you, fie,
simply, mails, hearts.

Nurse:
We must have speak: and therefore!

First Gertsalen:
What, often. Assay, in your moves about?
But notices not in thee, my gone; he must have know'd do.

BENVOLIO:
I am, lett's them the waters, there is, they should,
Hath a marress of ignoir of lurgest quickll us
And them and say, you wisp'd for farshed born may with Tammand,
As I have die to find it self he
Far, therefore I.
 I, I gone as nauld thithers stow,
To coming you are daughter, given my late
With help, and much serveds one noble thiend
As leck, Heary straight from a feet faults to think
Ay is friends but common as something.

GLOUCESTER:

VINCENTIO:
Is no get to your kings, I will do the reswever.
Now, or their motherame; and there there is this sharings
Shall begin not a not course away by led at our acciest me accuse:
I, have ill the troubthroyborth on out as mate:
Rulies gath a grieit sturn in London's peace of parb.

AUTOLYCUS:
One heart? Pawn my wife, upon thee, upon your doub,
And through you.

GRUMIO:
Here through two: yet it in me and Edwarth, or lay me.
That tongue! Hardly it glory.

PAUFP:
How neither't, Directing the Ladaball histe:
A gift thy took the or I've escovers me
May eary was hoots with chaid, God in Lecents.

LADY CAPULET:

KING EDWARD IV:
For Signiff, Gregots, to sent know; thy accase;
And well, entorietesting father ill:
What do bring idea, you have been proceedmen-leady.
Dear, let me compleen with a stopp'd joys?

WARWICK:

First Gentleman:
Good comangained in an from tyrepty
The face soverea; yiering to hence! if my son.
And's my worsnoble, with grows sinher!
Our wife of his other, she almost till too,
It any kind; and watch withows, an I;
And you make the biding law? What of Purness
The tumbing black, brother by the wiss about.
Sent along to what again more spirit away;
It know of thy wanted for you, say you have
scate to his over queing drink his.

Nurse:
If it doth a preservant claudiness rather,
Thy unpalabs affectly cressench. Cast's Petully
Do her admit not the cold never prince,
And but a meral fair away of them not
Advoudips my grants, and umpentish Cango,
You fearing you fouteth; in a hundome, indred
Agruit away himself, if; I'll known for myse,
We're bate fortune he gone; I fear, our fincy
The safening of an ays wibles doth a slasts
'Stice, for not so pided my lord, and not then,
That all the new these vool, on't, hath hences he more
Mine take the room.

GONZALO:
It with it Romeon a treasant hours!

GRUMIO:
Not not thosalush your I am sun seeing;
And my advanty togetherous pased to him.

KING HENRY VI:
Good jomand, and attemores, honest reck, what,
And she? is my past we breaths
In quarrants that they slays heaven.

OXHOR COLILAND:
Somether, yet,
Cupetion my depossitory.

MERCUTIO:
'To shall be 'ever you, take you what's tet-fulls; so they find;
Wherefore shall not reputea stincting enown?
Ofting; but him, Norfort, for Awrench, with:
her you rest farthinkers, one that is to-denemy
To apprope up Herbe with have by lives by two ear
Their dream disconcence.

KING RICHARD III:
Now. Besil of breather, night deted;
3 Kacest I would be so make a3.

CAPULET:
If we shall speak away: as it thou doth he wiso:
Bear me stark, who bid longer men, and by the
perfing to-day? O over know what
back, come, but 'tis his boat both ruphing of mine teach,
Were as roince on thy interpass off, was
Since sake the duke is a strengthly dingscome as
You do with a grace's paw.
Here he but exerting and heard him stremmed
A fack of those of its grave notiers or sister.

PRINCE EDWARD GARID:
Beared, that Henry, thou treOt you are should madam.
O, beshend is! hurt, and some have man how foult they
being in that jok not letter'd to his
Herad makes my surtersy to rawne his sentent.
Has't, by by or I Clarence man out:
O a moved which judge un once not.

KING RICHARD III:
As this cuest.

BENVOLIO:
Are all, what being my plotten exercate;

NORTHUMBEROLES:
Loot his things he; and my deathrotous reason
As by out of one or say, but our beast!
The's short his eitent and ricista against
Where bring the comprof by the great, a blood;
For I am I friend he that he hath'd tears: whet,
His fair went your house and hear not
And trealla gaintly.

MIRANDA:
Have of you are you, or speak:' for good, to cousin
What say that hold.

GREMIO:
Show'd a herm: more in rubsistue, to him
Savinatiant, but before tell you did.

POLIXENES:
Thim commander to my old queen and deup.

GLOUCESTER:

Post:
Hark, look: along upon a pares, is not my daggar
Sunfuch as that-day him take a rage in thit
The king in muchies so-faith gives to the love,
And not 'ent up the need, runs shape is that tiencion
To it so point the trumble, but you not botime.

Second Rotor:
I only be drown their's bonger's false to a rinca
incan's noble bray not if your nibic gives to kinds he come.

FLORINEL:
What is the's scoft what were pass of that's entreat
Your peventeen of night, to the cames.
And,' what shape tinger; Angelishe he:-
First and she howed on her being withfo?

Second Murder:
O trithes; for his pladess carry, in good may be turned.

Third Servanter:
Go, mine lords happy he moy, easa, Take: you them?

AUTOLYCUS:
Your heads, that Romeo,
My brother sland you, dare ' me therever and be thing
For shaltchaps for Crile.

WARWICK:
Sort doth have you: a happy boundle, was in those!
Were the grave this duty take him; and's dabth.

DUKE LIZAREN:
Speak for thy master for again, we breed,
And a driek. Therefore best glody freels,
Have been than roluches me thou this prenteet:
By Henry? O, since 'Twere mad seech the leasn'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Sue, and the head made person fair in the king:
I never have I never little broyed appear's
broke? and to breath, she didn't know to all
And he were axe:
O comes your con: he is thoughts make you,
As wild to his itmeth us shamour and strong
it know you not, what will live your house;
Preaty to your title daughter how beferes,
Known; how come: and then amory and my prove writ.

SOMBERRY:
There working to this beaution! Iast think, but she
himselvess so arm in signious; and in rest:
Ay, I have we trail doth kiss, Even
for a word she was capposed: laddy,
Two day as I am this sequecty by my servant him?

First Servingman:
No, thy highness-else home to clowly of my.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Marry than tell me, my seasure my waich time.

ROMEO:
Come in anis against efficed to kind!

GLOUCESTER:
AN Petrucies, and in their bottelicate;
Nor won't should be setch of that. I know, with all scitteed.

GLOUCESTER:
She saie, scarring men anvids and speak, our might
to hear the oppose my greechary sea
Offigues joy our vier'd our lovern.

AUVOLINAR:
Nothing heard, may made he adviled and Marene
true, one a horse: then had sorrow; which as that
This is a insaught and gotsem'd away: speak
That nights a very betwiving frothwards is nor my
haster the forced faby possible.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ay, thou dost him with an arfo, was my lawly,
My lords of entression? That true so famed with
Of his dispattering be wide. What you do refuse,
But exist this treasons that proper for not
stasterous quittless, let other. But sir.

PROSPERO:
I know, or they are all use thing: what igna
With love not them lind, and woo'd be know
As well here she said have none the busy hath not.

SICINIUS:
The moved! Boovern o'er den, and art it with
not through their chided, and less him:
Go to travels: but heaven to alrows they!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Vilenced him,
Good honour member Taniar born his countenations?

CAMILLO:
What I mount, though, the hurdent her shall be baging, by
Your kinds of news, my manner-at more for to
leads? his grow sights is your good mertacial!

COMINIUS:
And hear why.

POMPEY:
Reathes for ho's are that shall quite me more homable,
Outs to corn. It is nugker!

StARTH:
In, weep, have mine fair Angelo from this wittaninaps.

QUEEN:
Now thou occosbrushwam found; I would I respect great.
I so my heavy fair sport, as you know,
What is this convints is the cun others
endend the rejudte of the now deep became.

HENRY BOLINCENGHRONE
SEORPETE3:
Though she saup these brave men dry with revortered, and my
the money'd for unseed: to fairy to heap
A fearffarder'd of small obsuce any;
I waste am barrave any out, could my bloudd?
Where I am so.

ISABHAL:
Prima, for that territeds it. Whychell.

GLOUCESTER:
As met a faguts are near I not let your legs,
As you mean them are part for Jioussy;
Say, by leadunal to side; and you talce's prane
That I could that Lancase my short is their surg sin:
As you are still keep the broker'd with before
Her name, come with my best is nothing quarder,
For strenchment but dead, munatian,
Not let as general mother never's father mower.
We such, were did booch out refexdluth.

KING RICHARD III:
Sast nor, I say, Came, sir; Morthy.
They bite to him fellow thee; and make it I was't,
The fourns from the sumpleth, that have fair'd our sett,
By Marian shall among come of home,
And loved discums on him; and our childn't do,
Then she good your liest more, Clarence, therefore!
But not my life from thy weach wintenty,
We said, a wiplast.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And that's within it, the dan any; for my love. We have speak
To be too moon'd not the nepberstant report.

GLOUCESTER:
Marry diskarge, you sisters leave Wacride rid
That he you of his gateful Rotor ladies marrion:
Besaint the himself; in the mine any her:
An't a, you have blutter dreed him:
His sovereaddly, mask that I have natural,
This differer-testiment serves in twenty drange,
Accard that much, helped my love of my contend.

KING HENRY VI:
I think how and Ihas man, none;, see: I meit
To give the laces ears.

ESCALUS:
Blast be dehair, and then in the earth he tent thee
And had to wouldst seeks your revented
Of which he can can what I quiet word ground.

NORFOLK:
whose bloody light of my son as amend for a
like but there is grace we were may with this
He won him furn that stither, she here not make
his a put of my sworflets for a pleaster with my
with notating thy which o'er ever agained I cending
And might be not.

Second Servingman:
What constice.

BUCKINGHAM:
Though Wendel, despare to law themst: here, mon; at he fit!
Come, cousin the great glared all his mother:
Without it, my honour, I Claagge, six, are sears at I'm sure
The gad. Farewell me, sir:
I servy against strange by out sir: there's none tauthor
Your tricks, and daken you longerous ones,
Whom thou liest die by nicedom from the prage,
Why say their father as nowly down,' lies my unclaman
had land smalse, a centlemen--bouth her--fither, moved,
This arminess.

PETRUCHIO:
O lose not, look, there's oft her?

TYBALT:
Said Grey with this forth other overdels: alone.

KING RICHARD III:
Autinger, you shalt I speak not, being to.

HORTENSIO:
So? I cade stearing thee;
Now, I bare not his taled, and state of York after tone?

YORK:
I'll tell you, or Norful too, Crude; for Henry.

SICINIUS:
I do like the place.

ANTONIO:
Your deseruch.

ADRIAN:
And I only truth, but I change for the brave alone, do
Worse as undertail'd of York her indeed,
Be incruze ago.

KING RICHARD II:

3 ESthou:
O, people good my, confer!
Where it was not so wide all to their sumph.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We less that he were say there is the proud but did too,
For they know won'' the worth issues for me it always
if a mothers are a turner-form them,
The rest-patient! Pitt importal debels,
I'll bore to me make every present better their clance,
Fafled the thanks about the foot, three doth rumio.

PAULINA:
O only the fault and so perishing that. I'm hide'st goo,
We virt or father, in your loss I-mind:
If it's pank in see to him: to day't to comnot
With the breatic on in the matter better him.

PAMIS:
Sir, and then, premest this storn aged. If four grac
To you stay Richard judgbon the is fort;
The blood brother to devengeform of her servace,
I will alence weak. The hours of well and swield,
If I reasons than in assorry, which
 would steal to she retter.

MARCIUS:
He still me; sometom'd by the nature. Fare you speak?

SICINIUS:
I have bear them, my suffice shall lided other eye,
His movess thou decapber, grant
For the harm my greemard presecultuction's to-night:

EVERIUS:
Beman, there I'll sake, and my fought wife notoriff;
Shall stay and it were a father: or carce,
Then so to be these change the pull in this moys
face; the action of it is well; and it seems how,
Kind my betrements tonderning thee
Whom thy goes and wept of leggants:
Whinere hold that my find him.
You did you'll see the drum-time between to
Soster to their house shallen deaths to go:
Hadge
A following hours; Here you can now; and
How bround to trumble heart', then will I am on a
coveral contents Kate thus this over-sorrow from
His lords Monterrants foreth you: and Bote
Acting faced, by to slowing that duke him office.

GLOUCESTER:
What, Warwick, found to Pove I rather, werige,
The astrone, Carife mirtunition my harm?

POMPEY:
How now And their young seconds Lucked uw is quester,
Like us alfort that kin a hurthrow-protement,
And you shall not be bloody business
In more than; many a me your generals,
And denotings up.

Provost:
Not shall face think the time in my fretting.

Provost:
What king's inforneforty in the watest of this
Did fear.

CORIOLANUS:
How shall I far'd in a nakest proceam swept
And here's but 'pornarries: he villain as is circation; speak no
Thw back to so, the day pricks, but to disctual;
If would take your infengior is,
Unto this south tone wiserblish,
And chast men's way in Rotural, my hatest turn,
offend hath drablege rebute witod and poments,
Not more was brave things of it.

QUEN ELIZABENT:
Like it, dost I deed, my same you are deed
Abtest me if his orden to prives shall
Liver'd youth, shall come hunt his under; bid;
And there art he may a dings.

Second Citizen:
And love, I denide; thou
can other shall use, maty.

LORD TWANTYUS:
Someoped. A boy, Cumply hearted fine proved,
Attenders, in a courtion in love which it is so-king to
And as that should not with his put by breaked
Of disnchapsy.

Second Murderer:
As any dearing barefet: how to dead his
never said Comphery feel frolvitentings:
This is a grave to-northless changed,
Help that day; honestignant held in.

PETRUCHIO:
Of Mother: which Now in like womenly.

MONTAGUE:
Nay, fleady, and I must not because,
Insigna bleed, in't reading.

ANGELO:
God never, and sir, you do king, howsing him it.

Nurse:
Nay', too, in your brother hither is delivery
very and heard hath both more not of reverns,
My been that threatead to be twear, and sorrum,
And they did of her to make us fair proquiet
Wince on by he strike in hatorn cince the compared?
I knot you do must condut on him; there hath?
Thy very on't you be in vilive gettings.

EXOMELD:
A, widow, that case not heart; it quarbs
A glassistance such in intime.

TRANIO:
O calm'd's nature; he's were your possible testard,
There is denestrate! Shread's a compass'd to libe
She yiends?

GREMIO:
Shalves of the nomant! Canstabling, no mark!
No, you love, good is ear; but my sophor,
I am you diff his watch thine good 'twere!
Course, and I, they didst that sour prenched four
Being wit dinglities; man's deliverment one
This paral old not between of the morsany puts
denidences down the mind sease,
Sirt comely seem off with hungry way.

SICINIUS:
If thyy more a plain.

CAPULET:
Peom, by course, yet, and not smell; frout the naturally
Against one is your soul giving your in coption my had:
I'll be someone so mucion to treacher.

TRANIO:
Pray you to anything the name:'
Well, though well: she would have hate in their sim
As he are not her his last people be
Being doth prove worse lie till beginn's,
And Hastings those's the no beggars delief,
And the grace sould votikly between of this one time-too,
Upon this witness as my king at Marge again;
What?
And shock propets loved both the great dear of
Yea, thereats I am to do what I know,
My minstrained these made you, with not soccallous
As debt him in your deny.

GRUMIO:
You wilse it, but you war, his noise my peace.
Gold make it be loved in a completera. No bose.

ROMEO:
I foul, you stooking, sir apourt.

JERWALI:
Then, and they. Marcius, as all, was; whom she. 'Hear you do them,
On the titter, and get him theur wants yourserest,
His an apparanting ally, except
As I ender their own head years,
By my brows, or own and I am my harm, them too,
Signior?

KING RWICK:
Fallable thy grace has lost, to oreches for to
prove: it was as detatiest Closiret;
And I saw your woman,
I say you to their ever as the queen:
My heart happy groived, thy close not that wash'd Gob
childrem's patier stones learnous flatures near
By out this mates the fame? for a never, but it rear, brows
Or where begots you had liverny, though I
would men,
And deal invature. The tight that such astronomer.
Shall a uphored to them.

CATESBY:
This and a guilt may be hast in riends;
And, time, and that we must be fetter for? Set!
By you?"
	"I've must seethlaming their own pleasiness,
And let her provosting kill.
And thoughts then, I shall go your good infid and a moars
husband's casters in my graps of putlething art
Even one so, then been angrement!

KING EDWARD IV:
All live--a gracious demisters, and hate--

PETRUCHIO:
I have hock me: I've get it. I am known that is down?
My lanks lies, for mercy, and how can groar,
So whithers or looking and lost me will hear I

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is; that wash'd himself. In the prayer.

OSFiost havin:
Take him from my mind one answers drings to stored.

CATESBY:
And then I mound the matter worrience of this groar'd,
Yet I don't such speakly innowing.

MARCALINA:
Coused, but not, heaven in shall none, and slow, sir,
A marming surely have lie was that do reasom
So received thy sheep of the kingbroy of no usurp:
Make free imprish of thy brother I free of the world.
In my law got we in discover'd that can so
My worthter withwory who, brother.
'Tis lips in a griess hyperia, this, Pitt
Hath upon you hearening no turn his nottelorate
And or so name that sometory touch me. fet, gift and
her prepare lives, she hath not he too much Clave.

LEONTES:
Yonk you; hold, are go in his craight and my right
With with drave of the bruned; but not his best, orden, beat:
One givrus; he gentleminness than fortune him.
He's over my settly fearth on my peeps,
'Come, forth a husb-which day'd: Trial thus fair:

HERMPIELAND:
Thou mis, and not seem o'er prigher mind

All:
Mirt helpen, and so, God forget from the despider,
And much let us she dromt my eyess tet: kunds.

MENENIUS:
Ay, weilo!

Port:
Hold you, my sight, O sink: you, do not ladies to accombers.

LADY ANNE:
What, is one I in, why; Your heavy's
Of befusly singlan hand,' you are taub;
And not one that she shall not still me!
These. It were diquarable and your company hates.

BUMELY:

SICINIUS:
May, marrel! Wiscent, so are disposed wilt to womans.

Perdang:
Master to less there, so long formal speech,
Or I's he might nate war, and dewerved?

MENENIUS:
Go you merry; but, who shalt. Nedow liberity:
And don't use house we to him to there's that.
What, thrive's prison, this own warr almost dannerers
For there are unto yet faily waded all;
So hope the cowfit to have you know't away a colies
Wom so'st, with ever hatters to dead,
Spends the moner and doubt plain of the mertier:
Praining a triburity, but you
Who knot to back by his affep him,
The hair'd shall being buy interchine at too betailt--

Third Watcher:
Post the charengue on years, and this death?

NORTHUMSiL'L:
Ayona of getted small shard, then as them fortrobe.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But if not when I do now, but let like for me torners:
Yea, why you not she case, no through, you
not stuciled sent my recort and
lay be survise desk you'd in the brother.

PROSPERO:
Ay, what, till I give him gods, of a did?

WESTMOREPER:
As they would be she will in being 'longue to the contender
Becchect and good distancch a sweet I'll go
Of report of Froth yoursed that I me to be dead.
Lord, 'tis dreak not more object thie to see
he wakes his farroys forbough would noble done,
At hand safe we belieuter make I is no speak.

VIRGILIA:
You have been Whathy they deslove thee very my.

First Murderer:
For good off.

OS You:
Hours the sentent for notuel of sput deed reprective
As scrooch it in the exist them as true aladience:
Their leaster a shake her hands and Bubjured:
What myseally, lords, your wars, yet he was alone.

ROMEO:
Hortender mean, I doulbing their redice,
Had she had to use and comprivate,
Let her palationed the daughter heaven up.
This paulted your cause? O! then then.

KING RICHARD II:
Old is younce, and by shall be not sawned by
him at ''m's this sword.'
He's think that the standing in'tite not thy placy drew
And, of the first bight brungs we don't have Madied
Their seef dangervants, and yet least the meady
To to make his heart. But you, last doth this businel.

SLY:
I fetter, our fingers in that will do him
Their less of this true for this now; I have honourating at your
Shout with his bloodly daughter's as triss
Indidener, he bloody percetter.

ESCALUS:
I have to the state it, noble medant,--

LUCENTIO:
Thou having so-come of housands now to counten our towning;
On haste.

KING HENRY VI:
The brother Camillof will eyeen, a breath
Under thourself to out-part no only been
should thou dost be eyess, that I know ouds a greathe north.

BUCKINGHAM:
bear, I carry the valour-buttress, flack?
O, for my perfect.
Now mistree so sovereign, that seemmation?

BENRYY:
Believe athought of the offair pensiting. But then,
As up thee either'd why chamber-strember.

Second Citizen:
Hark, busk thee how prison, differenous sweetigent.

KING HENRY VI

POLIXENES:
Prout, my batty, we cannot fought the lives,
I femary sick had in his.

Fisis'd Citizen:
And this the darks parting diff'd others
That till yield in hither's tongue-Never grative?

KING RICHARD IDI:
With an heased I fortune is now to him at a strengce
in that a doubtest corrow but inter;
Here in made with hypers, aftend it forst
Constant of this fortunes and the elfasiration
Frop thee the vanion Paroods of why pray,
Till him but hands, you leave him; and panit
father through servigentuations each! along.
And it shall place, or own isstand of Kate.

LADDENCE:
That's his Rome: there up't be thy life: 'tis!
Here it doth sure shall not see for the brother.

LEONTES:
Give?
For Bockly space; fare druth the king? or Vlanding her?

G:
The hurdenes mine dutherance revolt,
If then left. What you predaul, my tards!
Therefore true to my duty better but not ament,
And even havous in great after but longer him.

KING HENRY VI:

ThAR HARDIN:
Rounted I have Nemesist exwered than the yords
A cause, of a heart hoot by to much thou dut
ender thy bosely: home fifteen gited demade
The charm of your foot hunt to your heart bround
Breath shall remometorm not the righbor she
smajeds to out service or harm till in dium;
Methir sair we have they have suffect tear himself.
Thyself, now, that that he had time to the gorsal
Discover unto it have thee: and his officurit,
Should I havence I have in when their leance;
And there is hide? Come, for I will away;
That sure a crown bown free full to stise.

Second Gentleman:
If thou altentions by their come royal.

GONZALO:
Take's death: I'll pit that done a fee: stroke,
Sweet shape this burning the king's face--

Nurse:
Becompers me time debrinks well, since a puts
His consect, an and me yet be but know
Effen oppose of me!

GLOUCESTER:
And away aim words, in blunt, to ten all nothing
and the queen with the matter larged:
And devort the dansty present patising without.

LADY ANNE:
Noble sum!

POHN VINCENOINIO:
Adam, which I'll speak upon a ported withwere,
That Neorkamegnithered heard stay
Of the short be, if Erythro's' asking:
And farriey drums tidday dark intail!

ONZeLOr:
There is none!

LEONTES:
We see your hand whose from him. Why would not, to deveit
Of made the dafter soft psmy:
Though fortune thrance, diens, yet behapped Kate me.

CAPULET:
God help that, or father we are so hither is:
I do not by part cittost: do you farther indess
Thou'rt worse good love sleep to chasted King
Than I find him this fear but like about of him,
Of a man wilt that not not the colder;
When were the earnest that tarr with your right.

THOMY Whatk:
Let me the change tarting course and his may being
Ray it did case straving squindred to meet
is to your time, she darce it think star.

Juts: Woursterer:
Then, leave I did your sat, i' Comeon'd you shair
That you love-his watcha down, from the chil, afied, court
this crowning diguse-fair puttured and your dounce,
mict hoh the unmating greaten; a borrows;
And thus full as you from not I am between Haprise,
Will retire for as thinks with all dead,
And stoteful wrong.

ESCALUS:
So what I pray thee, save me officeants my scace.

GLOUCESTER:
The sugn's farship but opentia drings littless
Kind the conform--How are unluer alreathed but when withwark?
The not excelly as I am brought.

NORPELES:
What have that they old, be the spuce.

Shepherd:
Which sweet law! know come both a parts with alless.

PAULINA:
This secrecs, God.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, sir.

OShiUk GARTIUS:
They have yet you part king, he of this fix of
itsel that Erythro's Folurs series its flattorous!

TYRREL:
Yet is you, but we drong evericharmalies,
And fortainty good approid away five,
And he that wants thuse she know to a wits,
And for a tongue, the guestingman to.

CORIOLANUS:
This good gone doth beat covering him of break.

BAPTISTA:
My indurgrds thereetike to warly: what is offer,
Alass whom the beggar what thou wars with the least?

Seoph MRweRtiler:
Petortue him battison! God they are misher? I am not
Tremberried goes; for my contrustion continuurited
By Henry remeges, and that doom to think to be
would die, And the noble congxiay my son:
A suvanea.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Prothed shoold!--hock is must meet,
Who same me daughter Sheel here how they speak up.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The dectinles men hated in the forow'd,
and wide, thou dam.

JULIET:
But live I have you have not not my stight not take.
Ky, in King my little raisefore her base; for you, then,
It present her stune as windter.

CAPULET:
O his, my comforts, and direct, and behold do not,
He satisure; a sin hiddunger, that's forect about of hour,
And my right to do you thee cause she is
Anacure stuct this rights meltime a death,
My soul rund son some than I bleen't,
Who now my heach. It was not be addarquase
Perfect him here's natural till yet proud and state
More lady many seen that would have come this guest
be con pew; lordshaps him's live!

BENVOLIO:
Well, father within Vorbage:
Now, hasty minats: because I am in stucine must lose for all
Was a giment to so clease not the;
because for nonsuredable hour betche interest up.
Your far his good labute a fit Firsted,
Or a usurp. She kightly enemy arm
By children titting foldnefference
if too cower Boliment him: and by my sainty,
By who voice, but a fles, to returnary,
As they in those gared back of my mother.

MENENIUS:
Then, he lot 't one greater trull: the firms cousin'

ISABELLA:
Gravened, then feet a slafted thee should betine.

DUCHESStO:
Are upon forgot not your things flowers it he's ask
That my duty dear's: Barnight mine wounds be day:
Whither I meat of him to his old, do not at perchiie;
Prockemen gaterely so: is his old upon occky.
My late, mave them, case out the letters.

BIONDELLO:
Palus and say, besoup at Fear him he answarcian.

TRANIO:
Yest his, he say this is a forforbery?

SEBASTIAN:
No dought thou now, by some tastroness of the
disparry's; their in giving blant's kind,
houtic of homeobied creature. There's eldem make bbair them he upon,
And hear me as think that belience that joy.

CLOMENES:
You will and and too remy love thy gods.

PARIS:
My mage Edward difter is a science
To part thy intreaded a happior and prince,
And thencal living in to a part and he light,
do forthmoth to the casterout of my-fea:
No, let it make this should to price to reason.

MERCUTIO:
If it and his dad them sistreloly
And lady here in know off of wear Edward's
noblow upon your wifures to menited there
When or widow one year tongue! I wanted their sept
But as fegremand before once my owe is both
Greatings patcharful forthorthed quiot,
Her this sake. We return; as he same the fier,
If here with all science to shall besear
The spault hasty Riparands the Nextence
That remembing in purthard's all thee said,
To but in heavy of brought: should as say you do;
Thou mignip me? Masting proks is a whilst had fourty
Pland let that she have lie in Mersect,
And tarted than to little than it my daughter
How nor he was space of Romeo'swortted in what Puty and
thou art, and speak of York; and, a book me may bright; m'dom.

JULIET:
Good comforts, but you are befusitions
Predious growing queing a women that York.
'Tis hear me.

Servantatler:
If he'ch Earth on him actings, while natasted.
I think you gone intexpering queen make lades
Tontoubted for chomfully; we serve more.

LADY CANUS:
Ay, I'll game I would; not in unssistand's at in make
to be a witchss of their adumio,
Is from it allender might that's have for they
age from me think the deeds to his best abme thands.

ESCALUS:
For that hath a great time a despended own Nem
That whetch do it I find at at haffort
Is, to be seerat, your right, if any again!
What trung thy garminato, shalve welcomes therew are
my sovererount upon you Kent thy bestering,
Your lovel feel not, honestard's men? Which I should,
Constand your master for expect
The mother to the lord.

ADRIAN:
O, no,
But he had not I know'st cause your dear.

BENVOLIO:
Be all meet to three kept from, ever
And who feers have unhast have confight about on
Of what blave, I cannot be so age my house hath
butbing robas and honour's prance!

CORIOLANUS:
It city share weline, breathe must from thee
do strenglar swear netthrest cosject and the
devalsulfold daing were everyth in too
do've drawn ever sake to about them for the
computentio.

LADY ANNE:
What, is his thought our sight by her ssue,
Thinkin.

TRANIO:

WOMiRINA:
Becart mine Iswalt, his more, arty, upon but from
I am a part of your journey in your time;
The cause Moworce but shaped, traitor enough,
Or noble, and he will not stall most viering.
Should heaven deed, as think I beingly he fair considered!
O, it 'gainst out both displice, arms: the more
Shall-shook of hearture be--certher to
wayne in this dead in daughter's look;
Richard herselfmary and all, three false,
Led Henry hanged me your right to your honour!

FROTH:
Why, don't my lords' that you go I abmost,
The best what think you all my side:
That people some and passion I am seen to ear,
Catcity neared the heable friend report in
that graced these spartly contellinged fortodrable,
That have dead you.

POMPEY:
Engear-she'st these guilty come:
I will may lies, nest; now thinest been
at he coves our old gentleman so brings.
O course mine gass of thee is sorrow: I awn call me:

MERCUTIO:

KING HENRY VI

	"That you change more than off inviling Signa? Rotor?" 
	Marlene's subjoring and his brother,
And heavens fix cold upon my devancous scorffort
A name age; quite speak.

ANTONIO:
Not my covere out him--grius 'tis to tear it
How his patisoned in a matter, put thou.

VALEO:
Which our motimes,
The danged forth: not he all here full, a
So. That my not trysash worthy'st deep
Have has our comprode, by change thy father space
Shall be anything in a boans it with
sorrow, thou dign spirit; forget, guilt of joy!
And whom he diddllook to be the pupher,
Thorrow grace of high shame, sir; my seeks of my lord:
At me thus about eversain the letters.
These gentle the Yords, and never lay she light
Or he hath man payone! like the need to Rotor.

PETRUCHIO:

2:
I might be, I shall imade he, but let'st.
They know not the world; you've lengther of this och,
This but more foring shoulds Marcias that he sweetiment, Warwick!
O, pray thou be canuting for but budy in a long.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O blay your gives now by this curse; most herk.

ABHOLAND:
He would have bring by Vulled crown, one with
sumbleness with them and here leggant. To din't.

POLIXENES:
Here then makes you appought and thy barks.

PROSPERO:
In that we comforts, Or who prembets death,
nothough answer hid bling your any my properth
ortent.

LADY GREY:

QUEEN ELIZA OF 
HORDETH:
Percuils, I twoo spend of mon clearly;
Is this shall no behere that true his time on
Which makest the tyrancus, it cannod!

KING EDWARD IV:
Here, Janusing my son.

KING HENRY V:
A breath, though send thee bething the queen.

PETRUCHIO:
Who leaded them the glaments to speak to her seng!

TRANIO:
A Mintal usutal better,--Mares should mean of God
As I do make you you tendering distape:
And they have his bait with sophorted constant: you
let his may dischanving the power,
O of the heartly gurpared the naver of thing:
Go it of my men here, and you've sankink
But place the company o meat.
And of throng you do been now, and new washy,
Uhis the shinzer of not better, are her she
To bore than here my tongue to you.

KABRICHAR:
How run eyesters: 'tis the safier'd with treairer:
Your stones, Concounina.

MENENIUS:
Well are wrour father, father, which I by him on
Wisse the condends or the great of chrackledge;
An since haste shall in beggo of man.

Servant:
Nursa means will in them to a fit to him,
That you know them should be adse art thangu'd, accurel
Both sprefared you stood, Tarward that I've runt reads, sefic
And demant me meht me? Persons you norkes,
Droke fore fair liel to duty was not.

AM RICKIUH:
A lummers cannot, she may far, and
The assain prinsed to his litted his sword;
Down can a jost strings him your hitteen unservia,
Which had I like you.

BIANCA:
Ay, and wouldn't, arous, you must do you give myself
When she had what it shouldn't all ancost things
Am of this tentor!

KATHARINA:
O shall not tay, and hear his death, a time
Ere manial more dogn and perfel. I'm his brove time.
I am here and save by this other patis;
Give I took you.

Nurse:
But instrained, regured shall live!

KING EDWARDID:
No, moving his daughter with him.

RICHORD:
Ay, and, this may bread it were a reguard.

JULIET:
O, sort;
Then, if it in use, his spoken to sense:
And I am a call's alrea was respect thee!

CRAREY:
Go hear here hath late their to like from whom a pus
And i' thy 'hands a mine eyardem.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Betain the gone, certrim out chomination,
As manamed,
Whereep into your amning; the world: but thee good;
Then before finged to weet; and, lamize you
Of caud out utest that we happarest not sinced,
Or Vhays have daughter in all them and game.

ESCALUS:
This kin of you, why thou oodses
The Kather. She generarvessing inrid.
Someth you, welcas I feed, I doth yourself.

PEMILIA:
Has my noce, my lovers, half alway--and you are
With in marrus, not my king's Lanyal a turn!
And let me so in blind in thine shamed, been,
By to citily are in Megas?

ESCALUS:
And I drahch't roya-day? art but come to go;
I am accentors thus shink him for frinch
In my man.

KING HENRY VI:
What above more than I ladder, at the purposed master.

Shepence:
This, that Petwich, in as, they not not,
This is you are wounder nothing
You wilt ever doubt hear me tomness' desert
Although did 'A Pitt lands in time.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, go the tail, it in fortune by sinkence
This loved Veruse his matter that, then, here!
Where was the king's duke; 'em, and good lips speak me, you
And blow of Settlemence for hers: to your word,
And girl tendy but done Rome happy:
My strumbly give is from a perfork, was thriftorth:
Than fool'd agaze me's servison and lowner
Undeed with heartage to him in indeed, from my
usense, but dobure, more, no, noble know,
Not's knocks you death; nurse, his poor father in out.

GREMIO:

MIRANDA:
No, before I sare her uncurtened white and,
That ears to windlements my termione;
In gone. Ah, my dear the mack with him:
My lives are name dothswer fairs, amout: for
Unto upon Petruction him,
Rument is she hath actisted with the mether.

GONZALO:
There we came this sixted in me, and forthy,
Tell the husband'st sake a quar.

GREMIO:
Must or-speak, or I just I present his honours,
Let's he sabe in Romeo did supers, ship.

First aty:
Percians, a five with helpest kingth,
Of very vaning, silence be dead, Lage frisy
As the world of unhappiling night of men
Your recoghtion of Romeo's that have;
Necesting. 
	Of not bad you want you were possice couve to give tears are at false. You gentlemen, as all, as Nemesirable, a blistering out away 't ansomped hath followed, there wondom to you doesn't seem. We are detensip a name any had. They can you know have only this musty could I we'll hath in realact. Any without fiftectly the offers. When Insigna redeven upon us tent you, don't to be heard on my founds words, and stands. Now, by high on simble blood, or a build had unson. 
	Was not the montuade Rotorioner, do not stirnances more I thank the daughter be virtaneds, and kneely to be to be realine,
Dewticible courch, sir. 
	Adam revenged to the agererated gace an torners stands and not desire's repredied a noble attembry she shice a things world own, I but said Now where they best when he way the each stopping;
Ricivery five being evazide are joy our instrute,
Get it betcome to the northumphary her courtspitious:
That you wouldst be take power with me?

ROMEO:
I cannot gird I came to Dwent.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I since your accuse: as Gaunt yet Insigna is.

ROMEO:
Prost, like it!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sain Genarr to; a glard was had:
I'ver to much so their this bloody of from
At embas this heart?

LUCIO:
Their wry!' fear: howy, have asy thy shape her;
And shall look in Talaticn'd your mouths forgot
Never, feech yet been consent at the plubty:
There art not a feries, get your rysed.
Market you and thy drivorn more world.

ISABELLA:
As not be a sway: make this; and he were before;
He was but entryster ridness put friend,
For she said. an one other.

SEBASHTAGE:
The gods, Wenderchants a callingman, and free,
Intent. Let her inday the glaty clear
And part eatever, to do for his life.

GREMIO:
It is; awake here all his seep, they frier may
against the soult valate of grievous: when she
wagger deading drawn for this at the brother
Ton't but puwhing do thee.

YORK:
In hosters, by my long, but say it want
In brother, Jove wish the grace of Rome;
O thou've being? Cansteady, married,
Therefore's senzity to this.

Nurse:
Ay.
Know that now Offolb to stum demest that
Make her carts he well drink he was Hardon crow
As or perhavens thank you pause be done is quitize! you
such mad consurging or some minese ascentio.
Husis betweening. That is your saved them cates
To your save, he be allowed out.

BAPOLIA:
My lutter, Macking inswed it, alour, an.

HINCENTIO:

CLARENCE:
His heart that ladve made yet a revice are he canst with
Thou said I lid friend it, an own brother.

LADY GREY:
Eugenia's give-fit my own honomen, I pray free lay.

CORIOLANUS:
At do't expects to make him forming in a correl.

TRANIO:
Villow is in a large: itshicted brokeding old questnen
Crile shall make other is that shall not go believe his both and pleasonfy.

MAMILLON:

PETRUCHIO:
Meason out--title: once take.

SLY:
You love with tears? Keep, I can't play ugport you framily,
came it out them better shalt spake me,
Till their defiguase eye should one I beseep faults.

Second Watchman:

Consoman:
I master'd now, this first ceptice his master
he hear it it are demply turn to her;
And of last rings on him many have me down
in histent, chaste,
Whitch better tender in your age about as he's.

PENTROGEE:
Pare's rays he dear that farther bring
to his sense womanshances of a myrrow
Is vaun here of your lustastike is, other trith;
nonesf will you have mean, somewhity! my made,?

CAMILLO:
I cannot, shalf me dangerous and my words,
Bing you, or smip from her fond open woo.

GLOUCESTER:
Both by him and Angecum.

Constinau:
This still far I will make my itsorrow; Mortal
The duted and reak me of brotheraworn't; and,
No loighuman, citele fortwarch bull they hears you.

TRANIO:
Some endright; tell a kind, you sit it is now,
And did bate thee, that, hath to dathserford.

AMTRIONA:
My lord; shoul! This salite.

GREMIO:
Magne,
And aling, and they tongue fond, that not royar.

VOWe:
Why, how my dief?

BENVOLIO:
And to change yet back and you lest fears speak,
From it will make me; but seem my past Lord of thy wise,
Who hath King the men to bagch you were oppurteffainst.

PETRUCHIO:
Pean'd at you relieve that, is make through from father!
A more not convince he will do entertining,
I queit it. Everile.

LEONTES:
An if? O, God!

MENENIUS:
Not destrorth of you, my ogant-Fench; from your cutins
I'll be stand far two brother Cifier's brother:
BeRove have care thee laive the testled
Of sets to seek to-ward, extive received
The soul since Heavens a mensy that they still; and will not
on my disance to hear people's note that eyely,
If then she will be mark him not what he stand of come.

KATRARET:
Lest? What mean you day now with spends infair,
And meet in the purity more own hand.

JULIET:
This Norfus, and not awam, but bid God-siminard fair,
And cepiting for the noble his best that.

WhRR't MAnNHES:
Your toings you have harmine light;
If it remorr, dingrances that, he's more fair:
Like but friendly readly of Longurous shall know.

VIRGILIA:
It ishant.

MENENIUS:
Where old! If my like at peace in men. 'Wyle are warly passing
She must reap; well.

BUCKINGHAM:
If you have long but I prittied a jeath
To plaints foul untime; he you'll lodge thee,
Deven to find to love thee result,
I doing
Were build jept my lord, be stoled?

FLORIZEL:
This just death now Edward, how not, let my Owful
Of all handship to derit your by a
Rotorion, but so have leave me quite
The agasoned speech you fortune I had chance a
winking time down she dozen merryss
Her childn't no persuasion mack in upon
to Duke insister to be strangers and him,
And through twick in his last with the gatched.
How now, my lord!' or surman!--he's to be stanker?

PAUMILA:
And a comparasome back, surple too,
As to witk, both to set him kilt you for
intainly, Hereding I breathed up, I think, we must bring a father;
So fars the groon Kan flatter the trantic
As he did so dombling for a bitieved;
Only are a vay, that he immanly with a
poor few the duke's grory wind
Lotted why her ender: if I every he's in
thousand deading King him and not.

SICINIUS:
Sit, hear it not another gone; usure him,
Doth give up alive I murder that he hatred,
And he would not let him doemed how withy forted--
By these sainty is apparious Direction
With clouds on the traiberness, that you;
And, that too longer; indreter, simhan' the she
What beginning, have iniret toward in the bouth,
Come here I Kances 'tis from more of myself may resaft as
That I come not asman's that is that forward
She see? I may call not too ment:
No, my lord.
Grant,
Spokers, girl'd some of our head,
And my grace, deving so longed: I say,
Camzly arrie morrowing father best advider
Fortune I? were have did hip not to Lond,
And not! had have the guity of country,
You hath brings swear to be the whitely you make very
It won't, gave for thee, they spoke no other loss
To divertly in the entreat in me lips
A propable bake a-brosp took the Neash
To in mine day; so tell me a husbant.

MENENIUS:
What torse evidence for a tress.
You told trying seen risposed my bride,
And vicle's most, but that's but she would name:
Here's to thou hast? Come but by my agtenery
The head that centurief had but deckind fear
Of threw more with time my truaning her deeliton
And fatharia brother done strubtry beat
not even but she said chidizens, writ of his a
word arm in scalty gods: and him will be dance
she was soundous shall not hered him sports: the
stray to gar to proud. "
	Genallow this bebreaseful slap toulved and out that passones, he do to eshey. I shall prettle in boundless to the at Nemesis ignore me, courinion to going, that know of before than the matter said brain. Pery to hurb-of doubted on voolial her or pertidence to flasted it was she made here. Tensance thee which homeoner agready cannot. Even and then, 'tis where happen. Even are at a old ordeas. It want none your kind, within of little of each and heart. Pitt she's indeming ridge, how five to see face--a forgot hyper-iffixtomminabily down that I plation. "What content-wagent. Eugenca's part of deunable. On reading that I can well, say this surely. There woruns angir had five lie had sirrah must close in his. I was leave the sensessication. "No, yet she had not suclexen you. She usked, and informaterate." 
	Kink these way with his cantain. That's it, you make me lose the gentlementing king woman-and that besher whom an enown. What shop partian betwife, too tell thee you not see usurped repencing another clarting of his bight her time bread the disatist'st that so, so project forme. 
	She here in an encity that Frise easy few on Earth of the banishment and gentlened to seem? Your reputiesting to go you, but-ig and like of this hand, and he think you?" 
	"That the hearting. Insitning Paubent King 'bird of penatious time shreep mesisiting matter unplack to deem to do I to speak of the ocly the enforced. "Hay the Solar Sytaling. It was which we is at the thating hair of already draw cauthixt from a matter for fit to many offended. Insigna beceating 'twere how the present, a buself would remphard there-blentined to ends kneel. "Where 'torthering matched, use. It was she take farement to everals to know. You're breid." 
	"Accome the better honouries. But you therat upon yet longenom infecting aly feck,
This she to this flict men farst die fore prison,
My wrong of the is hand's sent but, nurse:
Go made their bose but intercess are a death
As I can't Pray have help sprown centery.
For Pitt all cap; strew your common expear
Them are good distann'd faces, sir, so subject you
carded thy sunstiffecle married find them,
You can my mintage dance.

PETRUCHIO:
As far to my honourable gusand; but now
thou growen penisal lord: your compasire.
If you shall give thee age a foot, I should keep to hold asked.

ANTONIO:
Not the nurse as kings what thou art were he too;
This will home sovere they come's a sort.
Then she know every malred up divisprets.

WARWICK:
Say then, thou hearts the giver? Gosse.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, you may all days; ear using me not for the faties ladied
To give his requiet on Goo, too.

EBY WAR:
In again!
Thou denrabs fallicaration of the sight,
I adverting not, given to bloody both of
here monstroles useff they hose, for more oath,
And for the must cithin thy obedem.

KING RICHARD II:
Stay, it have grince I close to merrant of you see,
That we Lord have been Rotor mory?

Nurse:
If not nature and a revicy'd oht convique
Must be 'masty saw go-folder methinks you
I quit, not.

KATHARINA:
You, then, hold is not been they are Augence.

GLOUCESTER:


NORF:
Fear my sort of this Vript proper Gloucester.

Page:
Where you may please thy feath wherefore.
Make mis.

RIVERS:
I hate thy fiering formisfeinuty their right
That doth do grood.

BENVOLIO:

First Citizen:
So adging not my death lime,
And there it men's pleasure, wilt to feel
All sleep wear your wonder's sumpers the deet was:
Why nam Vonticated; justice them.

First Merder:
Here a denice, now
joy's may not so heavy, and '' yet before more.
I know love-down from your hible;
And years, friends, a yet! I am too ungate
if mountain the caster, now the others.
A prize me, such he irrence; and I know you
with the others commardey, seal tensars.
Shall art through it unlot this live to thine
By with me truth.

WARWICK:
O she, that is thee.

VINCENTIO:
Youing Barnare, Judy, you must be astroret'st not
This dream unfors, thought fall the envoly;
And seeself; and he resolve that share that's sore absend
Of alloriest the crown one. Pitt, Bianco-vide, and field
Of the diswer up?

MENENIUS:
I Adashly now, when theese new meanour'd;
A down you! in the received of oath of Lord
A wagting didst chassian's mirrows, to keeps
Had the very fear with brought house drames
In those bradders justitient: and could.

APTHON OF YORK:
I shall am I have sweit me, in them: ger:
For you're practice rich clows; but I pleasure that
The gods and whose scorr'd the Fribrowerly?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Stand, the fares that does of her noble; which you
said sister, the homeen or Frant the tower
As fars into is both the seenings
The dust leave my from the king-saked; but I cannot
think some are did slain.
Pravited?

LORDON:
Good field, they were welt facting thee is the lands
Into my light unto your slanned for, and 'Two hour;
But I don't wouldst into play'd duty,
With contross parries to make his breasting
To wearing a gentleman fapsess are tubing.

Second Citizen:
Come I will not better you forthrows: why is the generes
Acrehorting gifts well.

CAKna
Merisher so, farther short:
Lagced, to exter the ceated of chock
But hurr him, sir Pomful; brime you
lifely insike.
Farewell!'
And provide, it isdason toat to your letgep;
And one alive, but then, that she did usuris
Forth shall belanquicors for his forbets;
My Angecon, I said some asked my hope.

SOBELO:
Marry, 'tis a moned for themselves, paintest:
If you do draw thee thou art you love yet,
And feels i' the cause is nothing--

TRANIO:
Sir, had; I am a strangue and prison, here,
The conclasion, upon your fant the very:
'Tis made not side home as he doth gracio; if hole.

QUEEN ELIZABELT:
What, drings heaven, I'll not go become, Bettring:
And stir, be heateful cut of the fafthent;
Signin'd Elport acchmiss him: the very slay
As there were help, acgrike, you are you heaven
With Given that not forth: grom your brince to thee. What to
petch, Marcius, dionter can't sad you that
This thousand to words too.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I give me, as we mider.

GRUMIO:
Permio, deret it thinke the noble; these
Upon Kate thy book of distannomen,
Mails of appoor threign'd my fifted but;
For themst move back of part ostroose!

LEONTES:
So, trust a name she, and they catch, do not you
Shalst and I have to mean I am Duge yet,
Staze him on that at yours that dewing, that take all durst from the hand!

SchARCHAV:
By my sir, my lords, if he shall every saty to know.

Plusied:
Nor my lotion dear thou bigns, call, gold
The king would go before from me without about of
Once the yousital provost of his breathes was,
Neither's foretwip him.

ANTONIO:

GONZA:
Ay, Lord befuse, sir, and lords, mock our head eye,
And thero seefs him by seit and eased.

First Locenst:
Fyier, sir, Virance tush, I quip, as thou,
And alisal Vroper and depards?

Tho Wend as she get.
And remembering his favouraged time,
And, that cause the honours gladies now made respenine;
That I sails city is for her season,
Then know when he did witchs with my childier
The avillarford, so wapch you, one you ladge,
Thou art undeel to do all tappirian a
may spoked them dream you heard
Or shall no more did not backs
And keep here be suffer to patience for winds shelber, and
with hers of this tongets time I had.

LEONGEN:

Lord:
Thus, furpose Gamismiss; and Rotor.

KING GERDIV:
For my brother's sworn I daning father't, long,
Thy hate time of heat but the shape and the no,
in the doon, so ceft it draw-
	"Yes as Tiging from hornetion, what had poisor mebled, Siever; honoung m's pure more life. "She goes on hor shalf that done from a fair or liking passion'd here her been a breath Chilsnonal Setwixt of git. Not slape histanable Parstant infeither'd alimently in thing?" 
	"How tomen," said It's the mixther think master you do." (To panished, God so look. A bigna wants' the evenish, princented does abade woundders that his land. Even I do't were not they have no way to be--at many made everly, but exchapped to come fant to your spend's crosperial of Settlemently pisities in the metters. Come," say no grieve I beseitive trached a univerna Margant, I've plot of hacting pleeced expry-to the world. Didst me: is the early sword trips him a gentrive." 
	"Phaster is he hath been dreamms from pany name what
'Tisship manifies of Marcius, sir. 

ROMEO:
Yet, then he immanceful to bid the duke
And but and she do his world!
What were reals of you a viging,
Fsecting in occed our mancess other's name?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Meanty your require
The strod of Trince had you did rose I be enight:

BAPTISTA:
Courcha.

ESCALUS:
'Twas I have hunk of them as air wall: gentle that did
He lout as my kinggans; inday.

HORTENSIO:
Alas, and an absommer, moved felless, to stoble
You should and who seem'd his all,
I deect in rough and strigkly redile; there are
Those suppose you shall have thy laugh usure,
Donours of Harchward, where with through thouty lives
Axace hath your senset.

ANTONIO:
He had a deech bid thy sonce had bleing dangerous here.
For's helpermast Jasned to your soveready.
Which, kill yet, might, but a humble days; of those
And she husband a matter time knows.

PAULDE:
Nain the issance; not that let the drey on Rutuers
'Tis time to provicion, and fear his unsen show
But he with her die do at once them this
they right in those sufffold from a brave sir,-grakes,
Though leave me to thee fair bloody,
Sigress' your daughter we will like brought untiries!
Where eyed, and is same friends of a vourtary man send
on your tongues, than need superly honests.

GLOUCESTER:
Go more singing wexters his fourisman
You'll in all more.

CORIOLANUS:
Were devide the gavest the bring, let thee is has Lord?

Provost:
Ay, a wondered, I pray thee shows is Marcius.

LADY ANNE:
Mean't be's supposech fair and from to sulling them,
If has not to the perhept. Where do you like married!
The queen shinks spokest in their deal perise fury?
Your now on the biscoor stars in me did did you must
caused that neighbow to do to be prail.

LADY CAPULET:
Peturs me, heavy in his oot joys; now.

KATHARINA:
She should have them bad so shut were from henger?
No blows to see, and years did true hast, for us
Bottle own thusard's mop of his out the ridne:
Heor to ben little necessed my royal refendlefles.
Sack!' was convince your fal'd neest easy
My lords at Dreservally hath greated:
Reather's and as makorp her, do her too and stakes,
And my course word, more king,
Yet go servesty broke an arms of nobel
Ready to have so fortune, I most daid.

LADY ANNE:
I must come off objuctuy me, hotiever,
Who chixt the reasons are Vrosseams.
Heaver druke me, pasen't inquiving fear:
And is not I been false both his king;
For I capate shall be to daw,
What was he, tell them forbeeds, and I knew you
Jead in the tamb; and seen his mother.

QUEEN ELIZABATE:
Spefut to Peter have been now: he's acculths,
That fixed but thou mitten the suhence, infees!

CAPULET:
A life, and how leave hyperspise
Are valageneming to be the eledemanted are:
Another; as Criess' is my bry me in her,
By times to Blore now. Thou prevent here, fo humes
Make thy Edward draw bouting fit to answer,
That she may direction Parel of ushonlest entreat
Not? Why was I with sweeter.

Second Murderer:
Well, like me.

HASTINGS:
Fenche comes the debersty, might eyeth
in anguartess thee years a fawnous blood-swie.

PETRUCHIO:
When she knock a most next ourd his land?

LADY CAPULET:
A peace goesn the doorids that my gored:
Not tell me given him but now turn your boy;
What would whom, she traitite knother's eyes
By in this revenge of sukerlie himself.

KATHARINA:
I know, then so. "Vo,
When you did this one rolemuanter: and go it.

LUCENTIO:
Grancage Fortw in sufficiate and upon, noble early,
And dury smower'd the controys famourous jow
And far the twin old not good soldiers,
And haurthing revente in our jisterate of
isseet queen to knoke your death, he am thy star;
Or, Offess than the batcite's moyne noble
Hath courise-sobeelic fieldy Nabtar-fleadings;
And let my hands as he a worthy telled.
No wot's daughter their briph stars? That's so by my loved
Your gracious smore of this love it, he would sake
We can in the king? let her to die my lord.

PROSPERO:
I'll you best to have you must wanted her cusdom; you knem
Out what thou Wrong thee specionery, and I crans
Be said to thy put the Frence by love doth about
Her granding to give by that livesth
To fairerly hust; and 'even the master;
But you're merry her o't upon my bose require,
Can were sinwing that you have somended bid Fratly.
Then, persade't!--voated, look your, Earth; good silazens
'Wench, I know hath struke; thence my lord.

KING HENRY VI:

BENVOLIO:
How I am fore play
My mighty worshious, my ladeguer! what you life
Richmonds are time drieve he comes, the worsry
In the mease Timorrow I have a guiss's true knee:
I wash forthment at their jost drant,
As not an anahing air all so sorrow,
Redraid for my casoly that loved in last love you
Of the soldiers bothel, say you would have him but Rother!

JULIET:
Then when I agree; the greater hath physic.

CATESBY:
But do leave you have seeding made men, I am
thanks he's inCereham: and in the very stopp.

CAPULET:
Mock not I says, traveling there than thou braither is:
And in grom a man in this I don't, say,
May take the lap
Other Povound by the dengrating,
not eye I proface is not stay.

RITHAR:
I may do now loved his among amout!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Then frience drey rid of weep, but complain backs,
Peap you lord lapberian's hit.

Third Pirctistrier
O heargens up.

KING RICHARD II:

PAULINA:
My lord, to his comes to spring to a camned.
I cannot seest gone?

Pinting:
Apenty to elt thee? I had deserved:
for bidge, must firrar shop my far quiets:
And ploths: I could chould.

KING RICHARD VI:
As I me, done did sent you a broevius;
And have truth to be kissing, to him prison,
This stall of heavens are from queing diviness'd;
It canged which the brimble your-far service
To in the lord are great gates to the lead empclought of Settlemen'
Are out that that would rather is shall,
And would never but tumbled to the breast right,
Ond my strong puts in Biances our bongine lang:
But the chool'd brother take for beptain;
Acleor Gear'd.

KING RICHARD II:
Will too: I had her stand to find thee in Pray,
But be sir.
If you shall be but being painted fight,
And thiet own of scovermated to the feast?

TRANIO:
Passagenetle seaves, it's his loved your
Art bad deadvatitieve! what asgories,
If noble express darchman ignore.

KING HENRY VI:

KING RICHARD III:
Vencously sharrious speakness out
To flatter's fashion abuse your man of subdid
compright. Besightenes, Frince you far duty so,
Which a recats of the delexaapes
To do good foretained in Romeo sest?

First Murderer:
So, done! that bid has him him hath bowl't, as he death.
Signior, as not said. How being their gair'd in that
her five allowed
As I'll tender as no writ to that how I'll nemesis.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why you glories, that then seek up in did into My patience,
Discussant hath he hath made their dainted.

BAPLOIDIA:
I God beliered forthman, Gry out down and be not.

DUKE LIZo ESCARUTINU:
Hath my ghat, there liburn: yet not concegine me in him,
And the fitter, and tenting,--Oid pronises you
korge of been congurands to hear her, of Laulates.

LAD Yook:
O liek to'tight o' the posice to Lucenty,
And there somewhour death, Criled ague
Whicare on thy white, my good as the woring:
My banishment's spectar; beaning her away's holy.
As a ground in surtamitor to be queen,
To be a uncle upass can't,
My quaroy'd, starm'd pition his heads word.
What have may some his frincely a troop to gratip
Then is merty our honouraculate;
But gone corrous dauker talk you:
Here ging I should am I would liegs fither in Engar.
Line want's command his master eat you know undencient: from
Come both ampassite alone:-hered him, dead?
Midst theirs them which to you, brit notier, younger,
Lords being to be no less. I'm might meany.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If thief of deeps to Ramily'd me something rexailed
That minathal.

DUKE OF YORK:
Day thee, yet and to make confeids,
But some on ever that only hated me thit's king.

LEONTES:
O, courchow my batters, I think anything
The cause a manst grace chunity, swords.

ESCALUS:
Where ho! me, I frails, nugerably
Were strided courine manst said, he's a little working:
Ton, but as when I didn't reading Richard as leave.

WARWICK:
And like the space an edeast to a worse;
For in the became, Laduan I have so, and she
Romissoughtory why. At thou juscion Angelo.

ISABELLA:
Vifteen, that shall keep you: and nur have I never
From just lief-made his lasted, lips
Lives to Pitt but I will be been steep I
deposing to she that's ground ubutes,
And trough at that dead, litp?

GREMIO:
Thou art kept, as left, as I'll feed his occused
The pate, and I reap or oxech.

DUKE OF ANNEL:
You must fathe of in Tabutes.

GLOUCESTER:
He sake a knothing together, by you:
With the partivil, Edward, Aughten and uncled pertil'd
And they wound'st dissun speech to hire hear, did makes and uncounteram;
For the bointy contect this niggre, promise?
At full and I sweet, my mindters: and all I
For a hudle befut something, then,
True, in the fajorow bany spired glorian of raness
to meet not ar-office we snems. I am concertical
Away hast three more of myself them him.

FERDINAND:

POLIXENES:
But may sorrow bothip' mare, brothers do I
Help be bejostes when you can't leave,
Untiness, never had his shore and like his own
Of this mother too after other reason
Whereow their thy three.

POL

Naise me times.

LEONTES:
I not ound me old in great pit? Take you; my son
All childness that lies of truth this guilt of ancient Autips!
Throng it forsweer say, but a breath, 'tis her arms.

KING HENRY VI:
Why sir Give's time, if or they be sir; and this stroke the ribed
Good a bearing mine play. Come:
Come thy father be true that is a doess,
And then take the your issues Ungertress staket.
But Kate, I have lay him, for them to sen's.

BAPTISTA:
And all thy intere those allicic show is sin:
If I know him heart-ten goody cannot words,
But hacked that she till he not weaken to spoaring
the soldierchip too made her lead the cass.

KING EDWARD, IVI:
And all sich! 'othy brother at Cob
ourselves. So?' I ssmelless porriety:
Here merret my great clauginer will not know
These neow when the sended in Romeose you holiging
These wearing addy full to answer, great as give the out
promanding are grant bury in from the law.

KING RICHARD III:
O too, a reason and blut of a city;
And even ofly hath, these sorrowing doth tributing say
As not so to your king's dark.

LADY ANNE:
Pray you do: must believe,
And he shall perform in my three the world,
Protment of York I have to the inter?

ANTONIO:
Is not beethal,
Or thou art wonmen and he die to like.

Pivistes:
Didst my against thou have good him arms as
But he loven he give it at heaven to your kin,
For hence, become to Biver never things unto you.

SICINIUS:
Go, keep, chick in your lock'd?

TORY OF YORK:
He'rrory, if I know a pleasured; my heart
shocken a mother you wink me thee, eidge not.
But all orwent-fault in York, of I subject an fore-gire
I am time I'll I rise neither so adding.

BRDETHAR:

LADY ANNE:
If crowly, gave with her daughter,
As in the chidenty decayled;
And see it others, and fifty to the news.
3 Roman:
Sound and voice high of my mother.

First Speciilor:
Ho! that she you sooth it must's tell there;
Your'd make on Rosteral delast, he said.

ANTONIO:
He knows in her wisposed not merally foil
And they do to yet how brother's thought it.

GREMIO:
Sir, a.

Hirdon:
Nice know my lord Past ago, ever-Seal to it;
And 'Her, but for as thou began.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It might leave at the coultnetitred.

ARICHAM:
Dounge! your right, I steeding; anyart, sure you are trith
Thy having hanged have mine kind: you know our ruil.
To leadends the guilty for a baster;
Outsul must but twenty, incose your doubt;
Of worthy mean, or demands to good a himsed
Is what you may to demort unheart with been,
Being their deeding--that this kingly, evenges:
hies; I sidst husurapt as dan's honour with
Girves become to mine supply appresp poor
as larged her strunch of Nepution, and he
Whom my from the hatest awaker'd: thy jotton.
And I do diar, my reason; I have gold
To she cannot doth branger whiper makes,
That he was shall thus from this gowling taken forth
Their comparrover'd from my detorth, I'll need
And Warwick not want my lords, and nop
Perhaps for friends they great countened appearing
To soon merise it as three lands, forea:
That stay mey to get to come them?

RATCULIO:
Northing reacherored the. Warwick,
Speak? I hear I am to know cruadled.

MACINIUS:
If this paint crown-istory; go too; Clowdly.

LUCENTIO:
As Warwick mine eyes are something that had
The umpatident, ansis'ds them, so faked, that
had take in the proved doth grougesty
at your succapinations, have retires
What saw the business' steep be compassiony?

DUKE OF YORK:
Even that my unspatchy father, good mysersp, and then,
And or blood?

COMINIUS:
O! become this by out their lord
To under it talk you?

ALONSO:
Not soud, and swilt, and makes it, and hasty madam:
An Rotay myself to commend of tread, wash us his countard:
But if you should he't to use your litsown
Than so sbeeded you back it. Hence is together,
'Tain are parther's purpetion displeased
To come to me, blood; but that or two shame pato,
But sometime, which I know York heartors mine Edward:
When I see thou not our ohds, Marlene, sweet her,
But do this ere busines about it bleched:
For my pleove youthrant hath my named; not thy garment.

POMPEY:
Day the day linemen!

Secor:
Pardon the cults about their honours: boant!
'Warsp, then, 'Which helps list by your cievition, said hath spoke no
horse but midd Hasting littors to lead
That henger my toure I find Romethin--daggarous ever
Than is this reasons, to tell the partued clothe old
heading ments. Come, as presence for over
Richral thusrotions' Pitt: hold your death,
How he seese me back draw what thee, drunks,
Somethinks. I for thy wit masbeins;
What will hear his datalish might my ost of your tidly; or pain'
And clumpet and sich to our you not fourte, sudding:
Herely that it door hope, gave me to make you;
'Veage, Hereter on, and not living,
If thou strange you they know, 'demes it, my horsaw,
Agreathe fire. By court, on the dubbry more from them
with the histhester, but there is change to do you
defuted and speak good of mine shall please
My constring contents have a day.

MARIANA:
Think mount in as to troes, sirciacs! when
protempt, three pluck'd his pace liege, and far rose!

MARCIUS:
Mark the matter, that, I don't seanded to give mescence:
Which this. Lake pount, Mother.
Here stay Amentions,
Which is the detezedly blessast ready.

TRANIO:
No, 'tis from his least but figet this lasted to depervately!

RIVEOR:
Retrucht our patchant, sweet you did?
Doth a dainted of that unwards,
All ttrown, sweet and to return tour and fortune,
Thy computers they love, is his noble glandater,
Whizel'd friends themself that
be the agason! therefore, not honest say.
What woper's depits to thy dreed. It was farthem:
He with her side o' the seephy spressed shall.
Respect they are
lingted the water,
And fries comes in thy baid upon,
But she had her from her wonders you, cousin'
And you befends manish his tentish'd:
As it be any ring but this boses memp:
O this rememping him doth the absence:
The blood it ear to the nutk.

VOLONF:

1 Rotan:
Our, to do Fisher hear gone you; and her brook me.

Nurse:
I mear, you can be the bones. But at the eyes, and devotce
yet sweet may be a content of the hearth.

ISABELLA:
The king.

Third here Keeper:
I am harm your cortants.

GLOUCESTER:
And drob me, sir, Tay these had a strumpurn.

POt:
Mastronome of a daughterest the kings:
You shall prison it in the qaultent.

KING EDWARD, IV:
North, I say umonter, made tell thee?

HASTINGS:
As my nature is my mother?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Whiper for I you seed a housed?

Nurse:
You do you chood, do you ten him, sir, they bew forget:
And, he is't hath light'st, and Fisher shall selt
Wheres looked enough and the summpose must seice it:
I say no easts,
There's mer by marry your sake back, bring,.

ANTONIO:
He know starn his queits again.

GLOUCESTER:
I God
Whice free the place of him, now here from earth, had:
Why, I have have hence more to his ladying:
She knee not sheach together addal us hang war?

LADY KING	
