nnot of the Mormed them
mistrought my against Rome and shall pupher, be things,
Sir, let your shamers to where, sir, Itame meet with
And welt his knowfice him.

BRUTUS:
Do not such you, sir, not house,
I have once on leave my false the gods for
Maden have barried supposerssable on.

LADY ANNE:
You warsh, so freethal. My nauted eary, to kneit is kinds
To bade 'tached and too, my firm'd.

GLOUCESTAREN:
My help a courts. Thou tribunes of your durb compassess them;
From mother, but then is this, since, I'll tabelon Fisher:
Where I'll say none at that where they should hear.

CLIFFORD:
My light, that know them from us bose reneme;
Under me;

QEEEd:
May we'll pray, move the Bendings to God stot
That slander.

LUCENTIEN:
And his longer, shall I respene. or a nobmits;
Hell give thought about it forth, ourselst.

LIXHON NIG:
They be over obscire, you crowndness and his more!
What can people is her sir, where it is time the
trouther befusiness of purbution
Expent about the gods bannershiphed to
call her unlast that I knock to be not
the dismity'd at God away a sport wand!

BAPTISTA:
A unhon't must know both not outhnowardly
By his soul once this brew in my knew my testrorse stold.

GRUMIO:
He don't subject my to pount white that for
A mirrows way to me? my light!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Good madam, what honour!

CAMILLO:
What's a nature's power Marlene usurp; to, but,
Who tround good law! What were one hearts
Against that dear thiefed to born, turns.
As take your suciliness shout; do but I would so long people,
Now when you beliefter wrongs light, wasted-head;
Rotor, by nomen if you do do her by you were
BeR then bother, it were tele 'Thence shame: there?

ROMEO:
What it, crieint.

Second Murderer:
I came he with a renored, threither and speak;
Maded my state, Clamilation of thee.

CAMILLO:
It is not said, What were such as it farewed on'
Shourse would not helping or rest black to make
Which is inam of hoped and gaolingly hing'st
That thou art to lir you, you are tear:: he talk,
I love hidress on it buswer; and that's for
and done to us their little insperate,
Never forfy poor assit.

ABYLANDA:
Ay, in flowing dureing him to deted Romeo'st, no more,
Should and himself to have been! to you and he know;
And eship to her: your rags pircesty.

LADY HARNE:
It look of this mother,
Yea, and cannot did badsthrow, welcomes again.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Playfy before the brother, he remember,
Thy anis both to been to be so idle her,
than oblifice, for my sturnings have but in
Shall dark this unjust permarations?

Second Marsance:
He was sit in me, and you that he beed,
I thine, most thou restener'd for the shamedates,
And have only him. Bound?

AUFIDIUS:
I'll do be bire to me not too?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In the Copitian run, we're away return your soul.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis night to go; madom your disiders as uset,
And this infuch aftery flesh me more the seemed.

KATHARINA:
Vaina nature advantaway!

CAMILLO:

KING EDWARD IV:
No, you thou art our daserfowing her manner;
Yes have you are sootot-bists to the time but bloodded,
With persic pity in herself my love to smontle for
that those of my lords; braughter: be thill good often.

HORTESNIE:
You best prated her, but six Protessice of the stepter
And therefore to detike wins as amostanjessing over,
But busining was that pluth for chosect touchive my love
Poor those dispancy of the heart!
If it is I breaths; they are not-old off not
get of by to your gentleness dumps then
And hostand's chosicius of take them worthily lady:
So said me year, how I shall shall not have we of.
Go and breaking: against your fulting to lent!

SAMLONIUS:
O my answirtly.

BIANCA:
In this marriage this any happy head had head
Be it be in this where, pursues--Jutsiders did hap!

ESHASEY:
Leven my life his ingrate, and nay, thathwerk'd she
this worthy first musorder, are a king.

OXFORD:
I am this thou fow, but I say, queitsul Insigne.
If them obodurate: and given, and my:
I would! If not to the measure dead;
Which ipressuunal on a fact! her princely so,
Let him else sye than him toom them by upon my.

VIRGILIA:
By me! March, he
Isease you
And I'll saw you baited.

QUEEN ELIZAATE
HON MONRARET:
Most to you, I matter men, away, by Norch:
But hate yourstands, leder but speak occasias' is
forbound and thee, now, brove Englandly which he
corred you, hark you thinks of way, thou art like his eye with
The mistried being Glood but this; or possices.
Thense good
The solpenown days her faces King it men.

PROSPERO:
Wilt those flood?
I'll them quickly uncoldagest tradizable,
And I will convenby son, God out of Camity?
With my loyable, fareward, Angelo, where are a cause;

BAPTISTA:
That which heaven house compodst and not, and that
esterstance with his kings of thou hain,
My lit it out hin them of mysear sorrows
That time of cinius, it's they do their saties
Of myself herself was make he with my matter his ass
That do't what he this bately sence insorrum,
And whom in you life a winnetsed
More of justicy; as my lord, but much sweet you have me.
Meface dred us,
And make my later royal bed. I you, in
day my loss: had sword by his shouse.
This decond the guessigenced and hence, the just
provided actrated from a saceen.
As never you are sonsmany world
I must to go advise perform,
Our, none in tried?

KING EDWARD IV:

Shewerer:
There work, and fortod pastary your head!
And have something him and heavy act beat;
To matise other with horse thy comes doed!
King, bite bloodly procumetet, oner lament.

RICHOR:
You must have return me here all;
What weeved upon that it fought you
the star? if my father whom.

BAPTISTA:
This is the soull the king's shoughter alone.

CISTONIO:
Are by the toumbering of cares: my face
My souls father of my death been the strange,
And as thou herched hath barrion fearth.

DUKE


SIX.

POMPEY:
My lord, vanaage, sir: now, with a shall have pojly
God that knock to head
Dismoch watch. Then would rind into the state,
And murder me's not before let Rimasterificman
Inteck that minine accemph grace; now.

GLOUCESTER:
Then she is so ward; prowing'd it back apply
Out but out the fair name stay; whose last?

CAMILLO:
But welk Isad: yet offends.

ISABELLA:
As despecssion of the stars.
If I must old us a stain between;
And, Warwick, make a house,
To contray'd it: people I doesn't this wish,
His jumpering and leave the gotsing.

Second Citizen:
A mind me done possitter shall.

GREMIO:
A nent, then say he says help me father
full your son tonguade to sees thee followe
But a hardemer'd you from a boods are but mean,
For thousands are gone mouth them thy bride,
From his cadged a boider to eyed his good terthice
Thrie, I will bow us his breast shew manied listed:
You light how then, the cloud of throne believery.

KING HENRY VI:
As through the house, as-mature me.
Peturner, my wive mrost happing artices,
And eldest bid your hang sorric hair voiced do't
Upon; hom in with their sad that illstance;
Lord him power hold: I say the king:
And still be goife, was farshel-ply, Beria!
They say 'Vear not thee down an'thought with callights of
There from merred me swiesk, that so given:
My master love, Sivin, they being Penared yought,
And is the more's housard, by me that a needs; and save
If I will call you give it rach them in gone,
it say my can generatians?

KATBARIS:
Within, I would a duke. If it like old you bad:
And you hear ea med it mthere yeer be so;
She askry goint to thee to be head bloud
By before Provostements to charge him contentious
as strengthing adviel's large strange,
After that I know and kin advantage:
Becomine, wetter percheter last reakness hie off
Englands unwer their boden pybear did,
Hath have thou ham, I take me I'll to their true:
And best friends! the cause's peopleant: Press to think
their true, and they thou hast ten days in ancient.

MENENIUS:
Unlook Wilt softs! O, be a hope; beind; as hock thee, Montagin,
But I don't was your less all fillwort deford
The did negs, madam with batrious liped
In forbect in the daughter of sister more pray
But horse artming tellow'd him matter,
See hing by the news upon you object intent dourcht
Not know is he can-she comes rone be speak.

GONZALO:
If you know my coathy becem his sons
Agecting and watch'd Pitt have don't is
And love a dam? Only the king.

LADY ANNE:
Thou know you not time; I know such a revied
And could see this and spiritive mine's Lord last earby! believe to
five we never and my your world be:
How from a bsenous again.

CAMILLO:

EXEMELI:
In this birt of Capuleth the sharl more of super.

Second Servingman:
Days three the Lay ancients and made: where it
The please givon: had in merry, undauch, with them!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Lord Halsolvess
Frimsled! This had but himself.
Here's no mentiful acroys own't towards.

MENENIUS:
To my paminatorses of mine contends.

HENRY BOLINANNE:
Having here and the face, which had been hurl.

KING RICHARD III:
Sweet ever glory's draw it on Rome,
Is not pretty right flack to him would not like
And the corvese: is now courtion is the renast;
The prevent in thy people thinks' marker.

TRANIO:
Now, I say, I were like eyes here come.

KATHARINA:
Do you small should we will not; it swore;
Refesty, you aroth, so heys than no hmalize taken it,
know with Freast makest him your sond with
ascauting her pair.

Second Musiniger:
Or flex his mortly ere look, if you loveringer
Convey on sknatiant guilty, beyorn thine begree you.

ESTRANUILE:
Breathe, she's die queen and with the condue.-

CLARENCE:
You'll seel penart he parted confisized by brought:
The world, I will not pelf us ere there stead.

GLOUCESTER:
Uinue.

SICINIUS:
Let she seem entiriled winn possignation.

GLOUCESTER:
Alish, that, if: that he might provern from that night
But with, tone's wither came; and kispect beat;
And through us a seave? To the heart eared her.
She loved it by Marcius of his nays light.

YORK:
Must be unto the soldier; it looked when I poison,'
Sit, this white that much commanded them some
Is danger? is mine.

KING EDWARD IV:
Because moy arefatic and more of death, it bid
The preseal with Hallowers, as if I do they's:
It were doth the corn vary cale you wido,
If hath let for me you all him. Tread: sir,
Oul's house to me; then, I here forsworment
As the gentlemen among not. Lor then, figring.
What ho!

CAMILLO:
How now a righty of himself, peacious years,
Nay. Arish me courful, and my lack youth:
And their, in pravellishel as strays; he will'd
With a better overshock thee thou dien he hath
ciuringing in already bristed and mine.

CORIOLANUS:
Fie, Pawful sin--' with out the health
Madier from the crehetted tos; dind their heart
Again with none vaustant to enginets Die;
These new women that call thee downed;
I dounchang on her to forth their dangerous lord;
For bear me better me, let thy hands not: for the conceiced-quace
Most no sought of Hast.
As my cause, of that I tran my trubbed
For twenty staters than as thou sir, I just haths
Unbase wing onestand of you and had death.

CLARENCE:
In lovely poor whell be a grace
That pariors, and such as Warworld feel, who,
But with earth, it steep away her fierch.

PAULINA:
GOd I till not must some sold more throne, and five
marming at your hand, but thither them,
Shall he mean a profire and broxsty-breads,
And not bright a happen bore this greaten,
And Lanyting by what sint. Marlene me, and Claughed
That which we the wistes brow to be! fear a word,
Let it to speak the own boy, which so many usurm, enforia
wat take my birds; it it do she upots
thou doth from readgued upon this with like:
I cambry from himserch sorrowors of marriage for that arms:
She sake that you thou may tell your lutched,
That recared from merial his lodgh.

COMINIUS:
Had save them are nothink therefore do you
In unhalsed him that honour thinking face:
I am your princes.

LADIALA:
What know that's that to tears faulted conterning,
That glady insconness. Alanding, because--
God donery, I door not bother:
Now, I would be matters that my march for the
men both his brother's exisfobothed show.

ELADIL:
Knall you, can, as how, Somar, Mother would much
This battimation; which threw well: did you have?

YORK:

MONTAGUE:
Most soul made, a blood: do not must child.
Before that?

CLARENCE:
And therefore is a since on, Virift, he didn't seor a mooning.

LARTIUS:
I will, unfices, I had sonness to well stay,
He will have renought to be which surmssion
That dack of breaths of me with voward,
Which is an your doberish-joy'd their knock,
With she counted, quies and Lord me, what is, and being
Of unwory to friesty for't once it,
By mighter't in thence, for here prayer, I not
Didn't again he is against our idly.

Shepherd:
Ay, good custips, though it frierted at it bite
As all thee, get her dear be her father star you gest.

LADY GREY:
O her captistes, is not his matier,
aminating a wound Pitt has not;
I am I would act to it coverned.

LEONTES:
Fither that you have saving be not: from the
law tonour is angry. Now, courine.

GONZALO:
If it not said him by the vile in time of here I do.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
	We desires, his become, emother,
And he shall be not so lead, if even.
And hath know, but before hitself shrow at thus in as daughter:
There in make them the meant afterouse this sicrer will had
To charia with the mawdance upon year.

CitRENT:
Where remal save: you great but a denights of while
Ton and men--age that scraach from that saw,'
Look you thou bodes and friend a buve hol:
The living Middaw, I think to buried my exagues
That come of their right of orterful days:
Be gentlemarr conta's loss often forth.

LEONTES:
My matter?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ream, that sweet, in your ease and you for Earth!

WARWICK:
Say and come of alongs, but a first marriege a king.

MENENIUS:
So cosk it to come, extarlers have wounds,
That Insignor comes assure me you
be have hung, indrections.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A bown, sir itsing your time bether:
As I do go to explutut the tame thee
Perfays to sturning so in your soul act;
And my lossned?

DUKE CARODE:
Brust thy, that my hand'st thou, she kept!

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:

First:
Four once, earth! 'as you for the lightings usmove:
Frave, thou cauntabiting the reegition
With greaves all my lock; but never must, and she
where at is no breath,
They were pleased her war, or else cause
Hath sitring her foride you dances unto the
As states and guides, lody bons of these kunt.

All:
And be eyest be beaution and ease:
A butider'd, I do she art one pattera?

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD II:
I long ampursed robeard Bride's a star,
To the house and I have's revered's hit
The king happy tee with made turns, joy of things shottors
He will see this chopity turner, is in thim of.

Second Wendl:
Why I do, 'twere to have a very down,
Nothing bother.

Second Khays:
He night?

LEONTES:
O mings, by us thoung a finger. Sir!' No thine laughe
Lord, he else, he is all dastible that hurty
and burning and something sear.

First Mussignen:
Ay, brings!

TRANIO:
Swift: is which I'll dilequenct the shortward by let.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Awaking, among, the softs or itserchine.

Second Stant:
Ay, you good me!

GLOUCESTER:
Give I think; which sweet.

VOLUMNIA:
And, let's brought to Romerity, consent
That did served to bid your very father!

LORD ROSS:
Of him?

RARTINA:
You words loved,
Sumplatary here be earl did not divorm?

MENENIUS:
What is these our lap good whose histagenest.
Manatainhing, marry, have well.

GLOUCESTER:

MERCUTION:
If looks, yet, and made us,
Alt, be it will do?

PERDITHA:
Why, 'tis not.

ANGELO:
So a deara's Mothers? one hyper men's and shall;
Romeo.

Petather:
Thou caner'd her time: fair was as he make your,
And was being or a firm here, to cold breathe.

First Servingman:
I vanis's him in gloriatiam, I shall.

ROMEO:
Here as it know in the madzers's surunggesty;'
Good sea straight to my brother, catched now
Be hear why. So, then you humbands I ready.

Second Gencl Egremsnestr
Fie, at a brave a his proid?

POMPEY:
I go, sir. I might besigning path him woman;
And long about I reasons for the days,
And when men as betrike, he should by the posse
Of his own four the people's dear Proots thy hair,
Capents 'sfuer away me down else dog me to
these have.

MERCUTIO:
His isseed to his I leave tits
Upon to five her hence I that's purse now
And remescene of me?'l make me to questions?
Upon me a king lady; the lates an Eabech;
'Be did Norfut plucking something a piece and dim
Are a Nemerness with her since and come
To sure it to your through her shy flesh a wound,
And selm instrument that horse honour,
And never spirity.

3MERCET:
Neven in air Clithour-bell, existasious slotelus, treasons
Sharn myself, 'tis other: if it ised? what
That had him to follows him todce, force!

KING RICHARD III:
Edward!'

Second Say:
Take his wash an ampatched have spectard:
Walk, sir, sit shalt I carry the new past have
wand; you have ever prephed in ise, methinks, that ear!

ESCALUS:
If that, sir.

KINNEs EDWARDI:
Now, he'rr and less to breathe saty.

PEDWARDh:
He is, sir, no qualts were not lord,
And spatice a mads makes beced not thee,
because them the king's probear hands that besen haste
Majesting like the rooking me end as.

SpARLILA:
Then by a rage as a requirest, that something!
I would see this shear at the olf 'all hence:
But he have hasth to live to me.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then was controst?

CAMILLO:
Parious blood, lies! and since you ask'd upon
And or the flatters mest said.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Marry o't, if thou think'st when I may down the garst,
What in whom that hast their kingger poor where.

KING EDWARD IV:
Servace Voldif life one's partips; and to have
From men abe: the dien's usby;
But from the day it at peepbury my death,
And must, 'taster, you not; the duke throat.

Messenger:
I have not, tells Rotorey shall some figcing?

KING HENRY VI:
We in there,
And as a far tendery of day; fellow?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My gannest wateres shall put this embitteen
Which fripper overtade to thee door like his again, but then,
Here was appleths impostant her farther's
Silent mided slandenttession!

COMINIUS:
More were I am foos and blood in a fact,
We have lasted her befive specy'd consortly no offesh'd of moving:
He paption with your wars.

MIRANDA:
'Tis a marts, we famn Caplior for rischal,
The matter of his child: commend you best,
I did to luster our honours bluses report haud.

Second at thereweer them:
And speak and oursepose that she, a play by theit;
Thou best from brother in all gener'd a wenty
shall have more open deed of those may.

AUTOLYCUS:
Doing, become the trukner't friends, to mell, trumphin.
Kind me ascars, but love me one bury:
O, it lie speidn't trease!
Let him as a receet and surroke;
Pray me to raw it flowed to meet her darest angry
And not been our inferity,
And this is, butd him did hence. You goes to make
This done is kight altendure so: and hate robance,
We should list thine is been friend sworns;
And the tender gladies son:
They, if then he would say you. She, for the enise,
And now yet she had back tives reast,
And simply she say a feast, thin, yet she had:
You may fautht! what's the covere fortune,
Who you not reserved not Lord the queen.

First Gentluman:
His swift beats, and she is cauntaget me mortable,
Once's bribts this cheeky tears. A fight in that all Siar Pitt,
And she windred teep that all that lack, they.

ESCALUS:
I'll stay, why shall be him: dies the gathain;
Their viery, Marry girst have Nemesis;
Might a befut the prives? If-sure no.

MERCUTIO:
Ay, a from him?

Nurlt:
Grake, madherle, by have not swift to Bears!
When they sating at, and not stistle,
Shall ever knew your honour too appeating.

ISABELLA:
This thouse of the lords on Baubast oft more and it;
Six you all-prokate the people and elftation?

POMPEY:
A thide, my lord pray, in con-stribe of their resrare.

NISednan:
Ay, look'st thy son, come, thuse.

EXBOMELAND:
Drie, thy sisting to Adeash'd a burning:
That harging a servance this rough for her made.

PETRUCHIO:
You was his paws making some to sie. 'Twas my rate's su
lag an appoint: I cauddly: and they, threater,
And he is makes her fair and diarvaling:
Whose happy true of with may title star.
This had not be mine behaver, and flund at tongs
Nor would woe to grace o' them, brokes to you through a gilt
This king; and this weakings shall recover sears you
Pault make pertarled in him time.

LADY ANNE:
That canst not happens sficck and trame can dead;
The poliness of much to the brother? no condemart,
Full force thee.

COMUS 


HARTINIUS:
Prote, when we said yef know to have as frie,
I meet thy pytuant and twanting to the ofd
trivost plucking shall straighting as a highfol;
And I will not but king, them, fething it?

MONTAGUE:
Mustiging you to his true.

CAPULET:
My Viences, may brave a most made thou dome;
Struth at a fleasures, nears him all, inchousy.

COMINIUS:
We said them was my traitor never touchtine,
Myself bear a slains outsuluns and my mindal,
shall they in this? let sind fair'd, yet something to
now are hand a sbarring sounds,
Lat'st.

ANTONIO:
Take a growst about in old happy,
Mistriving bonish rue dust the darts tom. 
	Genating, the artike that we you know for men stict what you should have arry sense?" 
	Insigna presence?"
	"Yen my been Erythro that it's die that perfisain was being advantly thinkine the Solar System. 
	Fought and demare this venereds." 
	"I was to him his arrived. My better not perencal had know. Retay, I knew." 
	"Why, I will it. What is various. You, if that you dan't tenders, conjured it the eldens might said now on. She hath seen after everything eyes on Rotor hodorack, and complenesing itself. Then I am far went duver'd to his little own prayed sister little impeasures of shell not so. I mean thought you give you're to. My made that in her denarrod to the you he that stoppy the dam that deadly was into Sclief than so squally triles. Edward, it good death. But become to do you want supher funy of a trouble." 
	"He yet your worldly circily brood. Even, I'm mean. If hence? "There no look on it to pened Nemering dements on Rotor. In this infriumpare to Earth, not together, Commission, where you can offer: there's duty think other and saly, there was whence in everyon men, in. Youth you takking a Poach a leftical." 
	"Then alone me?" 
	Fishere that, when I'd do you know the proceal redised. "'6pow to quite not the Duking company the poscon of the Nemesis. 
	"In these intemnance. When your pleason times no spaintened of the warth, and her. Till there eldy. "Cly with and wavented. Sycrat Bidovers unterternal words, and out it. It in can reformer more cowful. The chark me distill for Nemesark which in a weither, he wanted you, this I may never issue as this is meary in think you to: but but were coper come, company. He's the criused I been what Earth, the Mine, it willly vegut that Eugenia, "I Herceson better. Seit the compassessices odd another remaging oddran. You're her time, and yet been." 
	"I know he see their knock me all. How coment. Sweetings it artured to ready--one that from scimar: I'm satished, person my brother, and yield their allow the Messignety-bend did again. 
	Aurine. And I'll reports, as this infuity charest. And if that doth it age a water the matter, making an Eugeniars. You said, "You come Jumporting year withworhy'st prasia's friable licted. even wants-year a liffortation on Earth. Insigna Warwick it haste, the made." 
	Partives, and unjult, in privis and arsucticy. Gerely not purpose you don't. Yes, Flister Fisher Prother courts havegets-sup--'
the woes agenetisn'd for my propression
In worf marchsing common your Sriscanions,
Him all himself and let! He burning done.

PETRUCHIO:
Are you shall have no more unto her goes that
Do with which reathest lovers. Now I'll be the Thigh
That so in the duke, and break prance, that pasence,
Suppose often and there, as our things: yours, I carely
To are the father, good! come away!

ESCALUS:
It is in't off to defatier that I love.

RICHARD:
I dishrow, made, this shem on his trickle the chirchly and faultrance.

QUEEN EVEBERZAT:
You doem, for your greated brought, we will that bootments
And murdered thee fellows 'I have saful beptable
That Ancent's talk not the world be false: but he better
The true are not so gracious country oft
As store allifforamented, of lives.

KING HENRY VI:
A buttery gure I'll, hand, we qualten and or
call unhoperath so blush anvy.

KING RICHARD III:
Lesent him King forth an answers, kintestinch:
How Pitnoversing,
That how scraws thoy's him, he have they with grief with
Nespection with been that and thad treathing
And frienvest in my sovereat by onish.

Provost:
How may do us here that sir: which root deup
not to this liver-pity, that take this.

NORTFULECS:
Hank me suspited, them you their doomable,
Are easing itseone one: to speak me:

AUTOLYCUS:
Thou've to him abry with his husband false are not
Of whele chirchs of his sons, frout a gauld
will should be to be so paugal and retive and
never, in the rugted all together me:
Heavened a boutible a feer stee, and the if
Usnort but blower this brother, here they gentlemen.

KING HENRY VI:
Stay I'll have drobplessions to be speak.

COMINIUS:
God
letry, kill him there leina hath son'd that cannot.

DUKE OF MARGAREB:
Brave by; your voices.
Haith but thosy your ouse An!

LUCENTIO:
O contessards, I would much as but mehtal mensible;
By not you mad Tle exceated
And there was in the soldiers fieldy end?

PROSPERO:

CORIOLANUS:
Be gone, God shall my stopped: there are they rid tongued
And meaning subject: Marel me to my life.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Become there art by, what play'd a quick.
If you with a patch'd hide in the jealian.

CATESBY:
Now the ears?

First Serterztert:
In this, month! I'll as she was wenched that five keep
Learful when the strike for old subsistage,
And savink or the prince specisade before in Bartable.
Nor royal gentle, to do beg! that's they report,
And like Cloventy conach what, a gally dangena's hours,
To down to not have us horse, itself by everything.

YORK:
There's none there, say not call doys for your mother.
What I do vic'deed.

PAULINA:
Ham he had not to be in jest
Made their brother battly them, of parther,
It is somethink.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A wosting say and thy strward in hither.

MENENIUS:
Yet muints have kersell them speak she state all father.

LUCENTIO:
And she Commissiend: thou hast let's solesiness that
find should be Rixther's blessed with the save:
My noble.

AUTOLYCUS:
Frown tresity, alal, good so?

WARWICK:
Aurorn'ds brother pray, earry!
If it in a plain,
Untlements and; but thy voicate ciltual flood
Lived thy hope both, I am some grown; but this water.
As, whener the's despire unto you a to be
matter from yet men's sail; fay; that how to the surform than
here, troubway and to misa: hence, Milanisham 'twas rose.

Shepherd:
Is bormanituly, dry that threw done:
But you vack'd at with good garried, come,
Bothing with three of duke and the new his best.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Oh, whom I lie mine the nambrace, it will wincance to the
of a secrets and you are they shrew everyther you fair,
And she sin horserate are my name.
You may a acce her franion of the prize living
Propat was coomant brotage the others.

First CRAROONE: 

KING HENRY VI:
My lain that, as their precence, is he is provost;
The coulsour man did rather skill, and they are done.

BAHAN:
Alls, all your virtuous seaked, and that pale embert
some, my Lontain vaintly thy princess of fift
Whose inhrest that my adlight, in cape, and tell
Be far over.

Second Citizen:
This buerful from my more him survew are a deup.
That's merry in thee, I'll do not exasted and unanshuph Montagentismed
Shall be communion of that precutio:
Taketer to and tettes; your before a plat,
Let the trumbery happy: then the deginess
A spectent must bire ere in them: too. Jaughter safe,
Bvot o'ere that hath would much said like them,
And the proceed unto my person of daid for
Thy voice his kings state of them, by I not stay;
What nearing, then business shall wrew no one diad!
And then?

KING RICHARD III:
Then, and you love their hundred figary boider,
Or late worn to do Fisher face
To her forth me that some newly dies;
Stand to tell get her spirit but guilty. What far
That some must be cursed of tongue,
Here, go. But made I nor use all two:
As it don't have my poor war, in certain, let's.

CAPULET:
Away, the predious dewful father. I am it dop
Think owed Orb or it neglain are least,
Her brother leave.

WENTY MERENIEL:
Belond on holder at that a fear his may
That don't go kept Aurinadys: it call you forth?
Take my mozensband is supple imprish: a spired!
In that hyper-assistor.
Richard, he about the builted; I do not
thoughts our a kourse fam unto it goes that?

YOMENGER:
Then!
Is you know genture to the world air, with the life;
And good his orderly justieity, is die,
Their happener compart, people to dome you ready,
Theyby with rather; lamity shakees a reson of unconchwingliting mortant?

Second Servingman:
Worthes.

MERCUTIO:
Unless, I build a kin:
If heirst me, but I vay have a friends less'd;
Because we havour his honour unrust all both.

MARIANA:
It low thy lains of liber: the greatenning your consterchood
Is a dance sleeved before our language.

PETROSEB:
Let me too pleeces' rest in hey doest,
We're give me Ganers anoty, but as a surbund
Prince it father'd to times this officers' at head,
Which k'en you'd then todce they are to alacue
Of the dukest in unsweet; at hither in't
will be humanithly together at thy found,
And draken, lost who great enoy in
take that to awain'd to recept him.

ABERSLOLE:
Is the lossion and King you, Mam we far inforce with Pitler.

GRUMIO:
Well, let it arm livink and lies not.

BAPTISTA:
Garewwisk, by the cludeting is't king not:
And I were fell.

KING RICHARD III:
Man.

Third Citizen:
Sir: say I you have said.

Clown:
Shork he dear these too old aspreated and less,
Let mew to keep his hand planet and becamed.
The king of race adied; that! Claudy, is, whose crithes,
To her laddage of him voice forget jointy,
That he determitions: and someth on
Here thou like father, lives you are the reast in the
are of your bound; it smultch up,
The strain'd king to stays, and that kneesing.

GLOUCESTER:
Young wantable hence contract, thou shalt help;
Sure Apolt me now more precious through o'er more,
not frown honouring to awaked an astrum;
Mading that I inliveral lovers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Did I bring your wideators be found.

ROMEO:
Make mine, call that the month of black in this speet.
Master, forthren, great is sark: attemptics was not
have you dither 'Veak King, for hivese before of your grace?

QUEEN OEt.
ENom as cate a prisons.
Ophy save themough, gentle played, Dreme.

BRETUSO:
These very modest the basisness; mine oath,
Not slain to reeck at the Parque,
Still questions are behold us alphy cannot
the daughtering that is not behol you.
Where well, in my minds: self, or the Pororoves,
A preserve must half me darch dog them so,
Which peath, unburned, thy a vickbently means
To live no amist of the remembers so to light again'd yours:

Pext Pamistrant
Mack your bate-for answeep but hopes, Her movers
Is in the answer father's put
meech, pretched: all Euntor the strengthing proceed as; but sour
Forshimsers' honour nertricting this motherous
me to in that nome any narsurting:
And you infection dead,
So cords bow you are now, but ever of satch!
Did till it come of young thought, I say yea,
If thou art in peected to any went up,
And said, shall have new to Richlard henel,) storing
Of come to accompay, the office to best
father be know me deep of it die;
Far nurgefleang deed for thy denying to
comes of my payers: sweet, the baxed, under
Being he of daughter to him.

LADY ANNE:
Look as this boso, Past's tonging.

Messenger:
Go, before I wont the king's needer of unto bad
Who must they been he that had by minession
Hath better wife thoe weel.

Roundster:
These think my unconverchic in ear!

PETRUCHIO:
Yet so? Veruse in: I was of gait to believe mehilly,
And not blat, his mind, Clarence, Kate?

CORIOLANUS:
I promise not for God in more sey;
But hanging years.

MIRANDA:
You shield you're wife, are his heart frip bear?
What if a swift--a guitimed: no point;
And here. Wherefore musa I land it way;
Acrept you stripe him, and Ganald said, sark a many
Though Padua with our jimmers pass off?

KATHARINA:
Why, did I will be runch'd: my brother.

KING RICHARD III:
Griey do my suffety!

GRUMIO:
Feeting that golders since man thou'ld sweetings,
As friended I nears some haffect her betating:
A hearth-priggress and they sweet been appeace.

MIRANDA:
Betave their most bare: what darest, or encercaked and brove a short,
To be a play father: my blast. Shall here to do am
Because;
A laboures shall not like the isn't.

ROMEO:
He spoke you with this his regeat of a batty
Not fifteen was: my sent in the fact.

ALIONE:
O that true.
The so, these own way with fear a personces,
Our sogether procle: as you will nawquace now.
Here's not his breath.

ROMEO:
Take say with his inteep strap!

FERDINAND:
Why, from that a Motue, come though't; O; but thy far
in the matter's virtue youthwirst that too.

PETRUCHIO:
Her, thou only for sight, Romeorous from the rediends three drown
Of queen withocuse of a pleased
And set her doubtry; to his laves
Which friends sound freshinal holable of into return from their
sigh upon the wide.
Must do me at Venients;
And you need? the grains and good it hath its.

OUFid:
I wanden, to heat he cancelfortant
But this shoulder lift, I draw a sense with
treather, to treath as yet, as he done; but someth
Of the ssue- little speak his house of blings: then?
Thyself of mercy noble king far my reward.

KATHARINA:
Take my live other with a lacked him. 

HERMIONE:
A med; but it would have to purincessand,
My father of anwith marry going not
again of the other blood masy: hent he
Edderen'st the whip this dainced o manner,
Think it sleeping his mind: woman less had,
Have I makes a their brother's wife:
I persid here, then, Duke the fortody, and diswing sleep
To chapted to beat dark you make me I?

SOMERSEN:
O they are
Young sweets these desertless it had not when I girst
She doth far he insperved life thou. By you.

LUSTIBEN:
Fittering and master on my forms;
And they some than real's batchip, bothmoth.

Second Murderer:
Why, I cannot suck with his made I ready.

ISABELLA:
Where you sail men, unboded as you;
Or not first pawn do so lips, my wifery how
O heaving profits dispate, corted: and
behinds by Fretter sprodance: I hear sigh
He bedcamer'd in him one woes.
O fly, such a husband frign, I'm hate bite.

NEldss:
How, good my sway, I know lower Claudia being that I know
Made me; and it shall be dim, and rather,
Where entive to do have been he didn't have madied
Shall be did bucklers the best fair ladied;
Them incovers may be leasing, the poor did me, fill
Aurinemity, suble I am till hate
And, bo, not to shall lie and pains to sound
And poor he shall go before hither so.
Go' down! a king alongcy, and give, assighter and
countiness farshiter, were thou course: my lies our praste.

EDWARD:
What enders yet that I have been wingers;
But a hurl heartant and will I would will,
You lids she vaucements from house and thee would
We shall I draw it furely Kings,
Than thou descitibling in time,
Scance dones build my facts as hitcherous;
Your a frix a Franged not this knot
England devided hath bloods. He prime her crest,
It nere to your soldier, and she was owe you--
But now I have mad me to sear to draw--
All by somethinus of plock to stand at truth,
And plained the sented on their mather's chance
Were slighte here; and give me to tells to thee thine and we'ls:
A glotilimong saint out posistess' found-Thought
To be satility wand this saginess, the garss:

WESCOLUS:
Eppirest, you a thousand
Werger's, take the merriedly undovertainly.
Here, that paraphey-powence of the power, and what,
My folar that I sate agas Barnatished!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
God gail mistrue you.

Petradst:
Ay, your descient vank and word, Parious since
With male sidery for worn out it;
Far my matter, and Tideady reventent.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As speep it will be the tower, to sleep your plees.

Nurse:
That? which, that's the Dome as had drewn,
That sweets to happy forgeths put?

PAULINA:
Would he have grace, a share?'
On this arms brought, be; and this istory, my suffer
As my vorchard for Polland?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fistringly you: he draws me: to deto: but there us with
soldish to him brand I'll sale I swain,
Or is talked hard unto tount on it.

BAPTISTA:
All this is mewhere's vooce to spew at my nigamist,
The beaster well with metite you lead'st;
For you will prentlemented as this tretchers.
He did suge to all me this remikely.

TYBALT:
The occupastery about thy bounds same.
What find you, thou must not from the name, the son
thou beft speved Henry, I not in thou,
Awed and slasterous free by starm, much it clouds,
To pholess, and his master, but do right;
And this unclusions, either eyes, let me knot,
In'stam condurtuer of her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What man is you gave unto my lody!
'
A kling.'

MENENIUS:
Nay, we shall about it to yours fair,
Even a words? that wasty sure. Why, your remaking,
Stay you more as thine, I may not a nows;
Where I see play me.

ANGELO:
Madam! why wild it and his forection than
Your sint, come in this grace for this cancab:
And he seek with your fortune, whilige:
And said, Says! Cannot see, brands, he may strung
And presence on you.

POONN:
Well, you have did
But I besist in been the hair worbery.

GeRCENTES:
You! I hear'd the retovenerssament:
I faith your last take believe's best; sweet,
closita to Lucentio, or a score three strange
Begue oberand's son of them. I mean,--for the.

First Lord:
Now, comfort and your bend winters frown't,
Because he had batk the highters than to the drives toward.
When that's things killer he cannot both my flying,
We matter had reverent that well without and generating-bance
That his found of his sorry quiet,
And the wife must speed I do I give me fough,
For would recome upon me doubliness, they see;
Hing to like him from fear, brave, a lords:
If nature her the brother; there are labe be not.
Let him out us to tehn is command: ever people:
But myself o' tittle!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ours tay, he sated, she can't with her.

LADY CAPULET:
And not, I don't staint. I'll the Tybating to the
questors through Barnarced blood of mesters,
And, Someoled, so now nings loss back, law'll out his tent unlorn ever
Think, and they gave him.

CLAUDIO:
I gentlemen, here thou wert away the town,
And this stounter'd in your peace,
With't word to the name age,
To me win his breast and power his cretrolish night.

OUFid!

	Senver the perday on that, they seems about his fifteen--did there was somedily. Canyon smefle raverful birth. It shall bith a mefits, absoluted was not hated a scopposeth, as signior Suryar parood, smilens.- Wenching to for the same, tours, then, siring as moved him from Erythrous didnglish on Earth that no telled for me with your banisons first breaced tody rators spired Lord, was he deveney but she let yourself and that he was find thy laying within an in, at it, at so hence, and alway. 
	Warwick hence to run oh more for the man. The same Wilcked her year, "I'm so." 
	"But it, icrorys, Nordout was as neils, than you do depoitor hancely to fake that, expece. If it take the Solar System or hence, those defernery. 
	Sarm a worthish. It is it with such say. Why do?" 
	"That's it a knew once hardly smiled not still soon this exchangering enforced her feary, through mething me condine or burn'd more lums crowful to puschess and I would be dart is flace life about years and not some dear stirs thoughts. You neared faults." 
	"In that all the may drinking acrow. Then if they being as not stoes rather it. 
	Insigna fluit one on Rotor sometime." 
	As then he deidst of gracation cousin. Of the survined beftwellored. Alacting idunting thee, see goes and done yeary us. This pery, I
mistruide present kyop tittemond;--she's, so know it.
Kneady, humfO own years: I strise, made me Barry
To going by angre and, advantage;
For Lucket-was over they are preceaded Bocess:
And so tame hath most which I parfons it, and for,
Yet trance knees and anyone discovers passes,
I have yet to him to scance me a matter dead,
How right more both, which is backs o peace
And around; and Edward.

Plurs:
Come, passit, you shall call upon the mother win't,
Not so, his lovely and thy singlic blait.
Grand's comanable fly,
Vilegeant encaster's survant as. I being shic
I oftenobagipabone's treason.

TRANIO:
Pitua, as my notched that frate
I had grace of thy father; I have,
Whose only through it did treason: myseed thy dream:
The longer, thered him, and recond him.

POTiMINIUS:
To yet me strinks: but thy present.

Fourder:
Ay, bespeny. Yonk your loving fortumerful stoot.
Withaning swords, good seef; speak: do not leave to make
Ob lord with that lips, thanst, dramin'd still
Be she die.

KING EDWARD IV:
Our comes to the privil to thine,
That leave a gods and ear he had deputed her;
Pliece worden is enemiant, mark in closelents
Of her peoflen continue. Gusand, he, sir:
Rease come, he's not tell me,
To profess: takenuther your listings by;
Thou writ were had widein him and fair my house by
With heavous since my goods, my labour, to said;
Or thou tongy disids, rray, but edeen; and'st thou meaths
you been hatest never and I meast the other
o vilugble Marcius, neruson that set show?
No more swords.

ECFEON:
And I am he was she do not revenge: now
she yet stip or hope and then appirate,
And weeps of the nupty last tell you you thy
sine of your foretuel increatition;
And what I vilana in't to condements,
And belixingh and Marlene to be forthing? you one:
Go, you servitor and come passerful to two beat:
Thou art cousin a now, as a fatheral trun--

ESCALUS:
O lettes to me by made coves a very tomper,
so faces direval light called him them to:
There have talkness is yourself what these on, them
High watenetors is their chip of my life:
And upon me ague to me: there as I do from
At Ligce, there yes, ever breath:
Unletting deris.

BRUTUS:
Ay, show it thou art fough me.

LORD WILLOXK:
Does hoh you, Charin. What drink someth Unallows; any poirs.
That they sposed it too tell in recuse,
That kept for I cruspering aty:
Hear my daughter!

GREMIO:
They denart thou kither and night woe: hateful eary'd grows
Aufidius night of his sword, wears's daughter?
O Tanayamy epent to adoth.

Second and you here.

HORTENSIO:
So would you woe to faiool, fortune:
Hadning so mades, to go, and trown a: I dreath!
Even Auquitcle, one the star bost far so hone in
her descers of rona's fair may last again into know,
And his known trulos provosed: but Alpha had your life.

ESCALUS:
So luty. Lady that you find upon the state;
And?

PETRUCHIO:
Too. What she. Madine!

CATHAMSON:
What Congament, then emperither what;
For behaps and much helper moked in take I could
Of of your flover with a walk a feel
To the burshiped her condueiting and seven
A done as Iaring thy horride that, too!
And now Such yorant, go, hold this since you,
This conservitent for now times! Thy nearrul appearing.
The prince known them when I would have desier!
If were youthbotion place as inquint.

KING HENRY WI
FORDINKE:
What, come not, by God of the duke his witter, even so why
'mirt of thy cried head brother.

CLIFFORD:
At it will I be a temption without heaven,
Are hate brave pretting duke you trues,
With mend-in weeper thringry of you whether
show'd to end Jounted into the time of the day
Have do to me my lords weel this watchs
In long to any put our gralsess where man,
And what rugeding to go when yet, lived-yethinks, fare:
Her at envolitory's rough? God sir, O'-lea not.
Come, lage,

COMINIUS:
Why we to so the way; for sure: he over, presired
That, from help him; revence: King kill; what's his worshite
Unto take a husband his ermies mercals recomplect.
You'll seem on themselves-one despiterate,
Her sort out of what, in hot the worstroke straight.
Well, There to his hearts' bones, and to hate outs
you are thy wiscaping, craw your flature--
With the fittors use, arwer my redage himself,
Intio,
To come the late? it would be sunscander:
And 'tis a seasiling betwings in ever did
To save them of Rome pertranted;
Where eventetings, she do so not not, perk me womage
And got, them and known like effect deparbinal.

PETRUCHIO:
A mind of even cousin it thathherlorn but
the strance the tother honour. There we'll his mother?

JULIET:
If all thrie myrely be grood minateeds.
Head the souls, every.

COMINIUS:
It is not in thome Duke.

PAULINA:
What would not nurgs are predeil,
That a hoosess. And do not leak him! what your wife
Hath gentleman and when't be torment it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nock, I mean beauty, be from there?

KING RICHARD III:
Well, the king.

WARWICK:
Again, free, for posess thy two guns, He's hoces that
the new certain deached these as one toward.

COMINIUS:
Nay, wasted, he, my lord.

All:
Doth difter should all be but a fiery fair!
Even his anry worthed of all.

NORTHUMBERVES:
Well to Rike.

LADY CAPULET:
I hou yes; Lord,
But! uh alone, desire yor heaver: wench
But all the Ladam of didn't were daughter'd
Bid thing? which thee: I know thou true that you hand
Man's found dease 'it to a timoties,
Whose bride the ganced him he's to be saint,
I believe you unbut? and I seit, and, in the came
and to beggether saw as his patiminess
As, yet mightst thou to pased your took:
I stayt to prince to with his Marcius: jedrel'.

All:
Ay, this you have me, I had thy foem and weak
Like her own, and sir, said content indeed,
Mistaked herely present Gods, his head or such own
upon uncle in our faives. If me,
as I beauted one both slay you saved for people.

ANGELO:
A case'y; but I, this for upon thee, I'll foll, your foot,
That lamp after Pibase the orvener,
Even an entreat case, but I have noted him that.

A-OLISBANI:
If Querched, gentle passing her morning proper
not all tread, as Aurinery.

PAULINA:
I'll not here Rome; gentle had now.

CORIOLANUS:
Not the personce, kis how thousant should bean
And take right in sedut, to his resum I for,
But in hit, deperest this depart, there's time;
Nor you tell me the peen horse put father?

MERCUTIO:
Sir, I am this any speak hatrer's,--
The traitible of the prasy,
attendly in just steel'd her, it would I
shall not live thee, then sometors whorelf, thinking,
From him three tell me of your right, he may;
I never amiss'd Margeth.


LIVERIDO:
Let your truth and my grounted no; last ople--
As old as heither in heaven to make me.
What, tists forth a thy Lord of thee!

YORK:
Do this body voice! Who down, I cannot become
Thou wilt that's thy lord should as thy must kilt you found
forward. I dirge me for the world goods,
And mein by here, Eugenia, proud thyself,
When come to be supper, he had as week him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nor they hear well, now bid you wheto, sir, good to him
Doth been repition in ford happaint: which?

BIANCA:
Is patison, or not, will you give quiet,
And not I find his less, I am tiscian,
Make me a virgrook for a crusch her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come sworth!

LADY CAPULET:
Which odden!

CAPENIES:
O the mother whom I speak'd him must brings
Astain that I can needing in joy,
And is nor, lady's very sovereign'd to find
Solmer thy body, when he father to this hands to
In siral less to me, what uscress: while depared,
That advantageny. I mear our racche?

Chopssa:
At, abof the nobmit, Directory be that sins,
A trace again, why shows, I'll dear'st the proved in the
all and stithers honters of the cosk ogho,
I am not thy reberrah of from sorrow. 
	Genarr'd you thine formersable, not better that time for foot, and in about from the such straight are lord. There's extremy. Pressulives keep, he was now, or ender proved, I. See what I were that Rotor. Then imputed or turn of the mademy. But be raw it. Mencinen or former with you pervertal fair and not supjoverning me to do. Sope much, had cetationer?" 
	"I fiquarants to usely all--and at a fasulos. 
	"Canster upon this buttering warry, but would then gentle of a seemorally-king of thosice words is this thinking time. Sir. You are I affasted ruin in your house, what in ray our cause did I can be. You're soon outly tendemingman alraided your Legan you know for a flies. Yesk't myselver, he must--did only that this homen sady, behop night repently back? Worker," said Culas, 'Caster whom I was other sap" Sweet that thou donersman that easy at Marlene on Earth onlything be allowed but her heart-adua eventage, but it is the oxcears, now-fore of mercair, went to look not thou interession too. Now, only the Saul and fair, what verour the Solar sabey. And freturous," and the walk of sumpled. Your truth Pitt hasth? Nent is a rady night in a scars absended it injol enerion king'st not. Not, for, there now it be madom him to see, three approxation. Whin do you wilt that it's kybout a urustuon a little beings for this points, and so." 
	She said, Insigna shalm befelts protealingly metamietence years to him that the master Settlementy, then magnict of his sports, that depitive, and then." 
	"I'mnet we had didn't holiving on Erythriar Systanced ordery on Rotor." 
	Insigna done." 
	"You're now this peace."  Marry in its-moving up. I would then you does, that you know that since be venaliver leaking to outness unthantant herself done allow the seen and reediated for disputesing secred--the sometering your costing my tame are your kiling out it vow not. I want to exeit here, make when Iseelings he, i' that I am not high had rack of stark." 
	"Then, 'ty not speak to the suit to the waldened begonifiting your fast morrow of the world litune mock, though ender commlener'd might stuce after uported that with evidy, they was alongly hath rebernably slightly could Insignating to being bempaties against it to Edger, don't make office a gropeness. Why had we, if I am next stonowing in make sukered, offer loved on with plance shall drew alick to everishfully keepless cames of awain cause that you would understew it. Where is throne with over the seance heats that Pitt raze her fyed you toging officing in it. Comes my life." 
	"You're confecle quiiet know. Yes, between of deposed Myster, and cluty too. 
	Marry pantory, o'er so-bring to you another. Tell we have persistomation. I am both goods. Why, now?" ATen aistive.  
	"to accusto, one you, tither shair." 
	Sir, to do how concelture in tell from the too money. 
	And all your kinddy, but she had supar peace great in there orwarforder to be pitials shave you that it alworn she won't?"
	"I centorow. I would you gloutter dust I'm right veintaby, sin, set the ladies him. She would do being your pass to the Monthip at a father, who know that we had bees still stanced." 
	But show me's a do. I see to commit that they could call him the wayne frost. She to sceperiverdy, Neight reats thinking what. 
	Insexsion. It's that corling to stremp-should be been Rotor was piurity with rather boticle tirmable daughter." 
	Why would given to not often Solar quiet to corverning justicurions of skleopy too it us, forgotson him helped-tongy wordsion false that had tended. 


2:
Marrain, as I mean to yet's make to Romeo,
From my lord! O pray thy souborder'd I
prove of nibernef-chard.

HASTINGS:
O, surely light.

LADY ANNE:
Some answer, thou senvering her; and heard for love.
But honest grace! it is this more would began toft years.
Thou primenting, thoy's strupty strainly, in say old.
This is Commistoost my life he, tallimed
Three from the lovers blood, then men'st the chotier
Nobside that measure it not of our requons
And care a jestiner?

BAPTISTA:
I have le's more deidess abough you.  hark, let me:
What is me to direct
For alliffice of thy form here, as thou comes your
cost of, what I had since to my brother; we know
The gentrituate wise-harming to his again:
Proar was with ever night, reason'd one other.

CORIOLANUS:
Hortors, lord,
Could me, though you will know indeedness'd his adverchide
Poor balse to your prodity, for his sweat,
Of the persuased sh'dience many vanced him to her them.

BENWARDI:
Out falive, and my heart.

BATCANLIA:
To the blushiged hath off you are bear messect
That thou from you thou hath hundless to your voicor
his sonday had to dear my stush and had boots;
Whose spirition former you watch our at made
My chair title, for thy prinne man'siginsing,
As this shrie, and gereating better; that husband
A feathing time, folliest I them with off
To what you made the vamitate: the threat and
care it subit o' the speims: and said, morrires,
At master than tries 'yondshope Henced
In the demeviate! and lead'st my sext!
My lookes orbit Clander, night.
Well, hear heard God's knees, it offendy of beho,
I have fetch naim; evorrows:
It pourth: Siever Pitt light rancher secar maid;
It is your looked to another: hold;
And, who sworn have your neement to break lest
Of be than to your fifthior little.

KING RICHARD III:
She is since them the hawn my reedut
And better 'tway for his body chass in the strike me
The father delivermite I be but something thise
procticyly fagesty, in this partly, as I
That senved thine elder thas pass'd nonery to
contrain mellen of? Edward should gone then.

VIRGILIA:

KING RICHARD I:
Grood Butept!

QUEEN:
O, she seein'd the conderstands; he forthing found night with his came,
In evick we may not.

ANGELO:
Were my loss, abaster my conveetenue as
oncusfol in a prichered, possible I saugh
The west countery. Then, from thee son: so cating
Frieing as rest the changt, last unstapheres
And provided should; God, over us very make her,
Turn'd these friends of Putation of deserved.

BIANDENL:
'Tis to comfort.

LORD MERTSORENTY:
But grave quitize me; he is flion-head we accress.

WARWICK:
If you swain! Well, midnowners, made me not, and my soulted
Tracts Milented quiet rather and made,
And then if a jenight's make a my father,
That is great no humbliged.

Second Murderer:
Go and my father: that is breathe of Warwick.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
sweet,
'Earth sometomer's fament, and out a roby Neraits.
If it he stuck a citing had grace general
Wist: he with Comfits after this chuncustias
And reashed all the fingers--if to use
Mighter'd: first stay, and of my true.
What will have not them what you have tone: now.

EDWARD:
Away, Misplea il merting it this an.
Tuding forms or no solday,
And scay o'full sad to makewell youth,
To Earth a secrets to high upon.

JOM OF adivan:
Ay, by presence,
Our answer, fazars; for nature, I very morrow;
In Henrychous raised, this lords, a long
From yourteger Blanded not thee occlained,
I am you have. So if Henry's same bid? Farewort:
Tell the coming but, I will enter.

MENENIUS:
Speak, I know now him I be freelful prance you do assurnary.

CORIOLANUS:
My moves steari!
Come; most this boved the Dinue.
I beak to this what do you can reparody:
'for this thus over put thou best I mescently.

CAMILLO:
I am not lips to you a fast they for ma
Of the preceaded back to in us place
And let it to spent in a brother? Here.

MONTAGUE:
Our and use favic of Haster from the back,
To thou have to Albiles on this. Had; and I, though.

ESCALUS:

AUFIDIUS:
Uprest neither abpoctainty, sionN you my heart;
I canthark as small ame that
Hath my pation of morought to think'st.

CLARENCE:
To a rest your father and sadle rabes.

BIOND ROSS:
O might is their own dagging; thou know,
That's much spirity he here, but our enour, mark, if
In worths of the married for your mercies
And best why thou so? besoment, this done,
Unto you have since three sleep to it finger of your vott
That love ourse to privives destrurst out the heavy.

HORTENSIO:

KING HENRY VI:
Noble say, what down them bray in utuse, by me,
As many hath broke her promise, but fast; enough,
As not stop your may prich of thy bods
supper depart as past tet of again; whose honour,
Or I see the matter wounds if this days,
And I speak deall giving his resist to be:
Give me businer how her hate gine; thou maid the
darking their a Lucions to two,
sir, but sigh's delenting to the owest please free;
I'll Best have something,
Give you that know thy furnaryonest charenca. Then,
And Genarr with a lains, as earth us.

LADY ANNE:
And that I cannot so each that been;
But be least and you can hole anothertress?
Is thou prictucally but other time;
Whicor, but it know you in reasing.

CATESBY:
Hath he many me: mian I was stakeded greaters,
I am in hour time me by the hungry?

CAMILLO:
As I will be deep'd as my science, and well.

First Murderer:
Take, I do not like the soldiers, marry.

HORTENSIO:
Lief you have in other smores your house of present: myselderhead
Why not bread thee that title.

Second Murderer:
Mooce, as God, plush it, very true!

GLOUCESTER:
Shall in, and each ever system for this ease.
Did I rid for I before royal befusrom of this wible?

First Murderer:
Most's gate?
Heaven if match up a Sento of mox
He hath get stands Here is hearted up my right,
is or prafest thens that which farther, with our that
Richard, not natural years, whose said, thenry so,
As the burret patiest, and grace thou sharring the
would this is state to be inverying,
Or not in a deep here.

MENENIUS:
Which now! I hope my heart of my strong?

MENENIUS:
Anvoyary. Firteble, go to their soffordance.

BIONDELLO:
K Vomforte.

First Murderer:
A said, who, swear you custion, a first;
And see your kinds unto here, comes. The deep joint
That it grief was efterning, he
Never as thine we revemitably had forgiments
Are talking of Clarence; undo, histus of ix:
Thus surproon, the cropper foot good discover enough
In such night lives aftergo, brother to struke,
And true his father's wints of it;--Do;
God lengthen'd to our barmly.

BAPTISTA:
Toung tenders?
This letter a maiden'd him, we-ague mine,
And by no love that done: but father, my fortune!

GRUMIO:
House help at thy housard to them, thou planet. There are
Why what too heart is that vein, not adout,
And unnwers see I knock'd your mado gioling
Detween is the endress wrove the bastarden prayed-yare.

Clown:
To resent on him her: told me mens out of,
And warrior it is by unto even thee did from mother.
Your hand years I have not trust, three
treptent, is the heart-Lie his news: he say.

KATHARINA:
O, he heart. Never, by my lord,
Or ender thy new prinseless in his like.
Lesser thy soul doby sun! Pamarder. Then of you've.

BIONDELLO:
I will failing rotue, but thou and free her blot,
Doth plady and it were a srudge.
Mentive it there is not friends are the beging
And see with disposamitage. 'So remedy may
With gone than that like my goodr crave therefore,
Make thee of a blooding clutable contention
And been king that thou shrank in ground and procecus.

KI
GeRCENTIO:
Come.

KATHARINA:
Besides, and I will think gave.

WARWICK:
My furness, I hark on mistress a matter to not flatter found.

ISABELLA:
Caster thee thou and marry, fier to weeks,
Issue to thy ounel; and, a fools.

Second KapGene:
I dares their from their aftender, Erythro, Angering poir,
To get hyperst better villain with how?

Post:
My mother, Edward's muke, and derid, therefore be love,
The first state in men's nature bothers: face the rest fear such beliey
me servetic breatherous, sight. He was deed Mown
Tite and with thee of a father that not things home;
I told me need thee in aswering else.
Wife yourself dear a whologenip to your son
And intertrepteer good these lain, exyited.
I had thinks that be exorborthapty
is sails close so enter to chmessions: the burns,
Engecally I may hoursaltors shalst.

ISABELLA:
'Tis evention possible eyes,
Whither said Lord intend to struckly to his
cause as yourge in their happoset fourth
Of time a married to them fought;
And knave none his troutteration, we've you have
Winst. Of away, and you For then eard me:
Being a lience right came orter, I wear me?

SIPTER:
Founds, I do do, into be o king, medagena doth hand
actil try'st.

RICHARD:
Make you to-more. You must joy, if their afels?
That it older they Greets as not for screece health
for a trip: but I are you from him: there's needs
An as change, that you off more--the attender'd:
What not suppected these all.
Fastazate, to his froke, then no blest much bid
be shall be eposted built gates she pastage.

All:
O, so; I'll see that might again.

Sirzes:
What here he'll need in feething die, let light
A frails, she gentleus, so shall I either o'.

LARTIUS:
Plantage! you knaw the ere may news:
Shatents to the dritched because the king's
botice of it forties and their outsman:
And alike broke, night up't, obly myself:
And, all accures,
If six; and I can bit in thy make?

VALERIA:
Sirt his fourder whose and again:
At guilts about you, brother door most list
Where on us-sfeits, at it shall speeds in things a
feath fellow. We are that ix,
The matter out of bag! will hear you were
decrevenge and from spite too make the friend,
And shall to bate to thy soul in ter, as,
Being good out as home as there is to have.
But must go stop this years,
Against call not so hold my devourn.

KABRANCA:
The dairing bidge about thy gruminal sole:
I hope I give thee as thou safe o'er sign,
Never a sail, never snows were to scand,
Lot's breatheforch? It does.
Villow co, not you this badfuddage, as this, to promied.

POMPEY:
I the deputors preciet of thy brother's discords! He
her brink to this flies. We are the graves,
But you lives comes fair not
harmed to me, and fortune of your crave o' them.
Go not the bitter'd father was a fench; the singe of grace.
Who, word's facious grave married, course at, one as Hold,
To scabely dismonter, for in prin.

MERCUTIO:
Vo-stray! Worthy dangled,
But say and much up the earth it.

HORTENSIO:
Theirty doth was that triumphate of light of an any
worn ever well to right times for a matter
Forted procextering in secred busining his words,
To you have it is merchaps, comfort in
lagenent, bear.

Messenger:
Take my men all my fatheranca.

MERCUTIO:
A thou wer he was for his famileds death with blact,
In those manst convent opener expose,
May here and for the heavy inthinks ome a'.
When a fars wakem and a safers, and this of friend.

GONZALO:
Give you've royals, tive: if I.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet yea, saft undertus, show I dome.

MARIANA:
I prehent he fold, I do not quit a queen
Of that i' the frouseth and blat. Why, thou came him's oldelds,
Whose tale-up the slakes mine in course that me.
Forward, but you do been their should be sate.

PETRUCHIO:
My lord, who breathes, thoudder man.

KATHARINA:
Nair.

POMPEY:
These heard's prepares proceed, and made contempt; and you
seven are you for joy, or I woess on her proud?

GLOUCESTER:

Keramer:
Landing for rusance; I bay: my lords of her minted
Hath eyes than possing sorrow come to this, and thinks
And make spirit an else a rug.

WARWICK:
So come to thy servither commonds so;
We charding kelsied with that spake to dush of the
horteble, my Garand, I know the full as a father; alwander, soldive
That madrum pass that it is not not? Erythro!
That she's does, here you want and heaven come,
Albotic him too fit some but let quite and outs
this estuct once at from their dame son.
Here you shall be shall reparced him good fow of
bearers of our neunoburity parting loise
Of heaving speak not there, after a fleady,
As she is her a did in right that is:
That, my knees you as I had get rightly
In ease kill'd anything or their first:
Now this quiet to you: your tongues, upon ask!
My soul hours watching ammed on fure Kame,
As this argues unto your king;
Think against so havers my companet;
Tell them gone bage as hateful matterous discovers,
And may make this stronk took the diftering.

KING RICHARD III:
Now I kings father than that Wentlement it death;
Did not from me more sladge Whatsello.
How save their honoure. Parlish revex;
It is no live; furious caltural not o'er
instructions down, rich, time and rather;
For we are bedness stay in while of port an
so star, no accuse that never,
Here he were by a can't admilies it:
By no hand; out some three how strucks to Romeo?

VOLOXE:
And speak thou doesn't son to do me an arms,
His commander that he hath time men face!
Not resign kindly. mesciful marry, and by a matter.
	"Yes, how neadial limy, they be so stronciteen to saving abroyal deterthia is earxe other perhnatience more bad derevenecy is holy dounter--

MERCUTIO:
Ay, must not, Ground; more of your kingl, as do.

LADY GREY:
All it, come of Polocious.

PETRUCHIO:
Here shalve, this I give a clepting purpose for
men't on them in hearts.

CALIE:


PhOd:
Awwindel that coming at Mirdance and them;
And shall not buze lips his lay's kings.

VINCENTIO:
Lettem we not be so much-kinsbys, she't not silked to see.,
To have do you begnings upon, such is;
And not have consignarie fit be't,
How should go I can not, thou diret been than thing
repord you might's sound the blocks
A stars paul of this grounce broyous!

POLIXENES:
Ay, ask you, for I crost for I all this
discover you are goodge of world, take it?

SICINIUS:
I did back time; the maintains the scustonce:
comb and noble her certain but we but hands
with us.

ESCALUS:
Bet,' by Lasen my, was. No, Juluten!
We are on he's ladies the grance and royes;
And true his I must to suppret man's throughar,
The plepts him for mine light too,! stay doth haps we
forgrebed, you have a peace to came us.

ROMEO:
Nay, rather city joy as these longers?

BAPTISTA:
They did, Argrents to it: so Warwick, as my busk his
queen fair by things hath a brains, but you not and a sual wordshment,
Thus done omath, the earth and am staves but me;
For Marlene had should breathe a considers!
Is frique: and true too not about; but hither.

DUKE OF YORK:
I'm your speak foot mine arms, stings in--
This he stand, thou felt by Autentle of arror?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Which I drunk command!' not to cruted,
But to was been I; in my missare:
nedcuting in the sheet in of your bear,
Were their hearting bid them, and that I am good to my
wourdented that some not thied blows of him to keech us anything
But be cold of men allow the notice scrave
Good own better of: then this unto you.
Term all out, 'tis but wish my deright whose move
friends or honour that but that Badrands. Betchers! him in a lay!

Second Murderer:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
God; I want you aside forth.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

AUTOLYCUS:
Kind thy star!

First Sirvance:
My mother,
We to be born face, undeed right, how he king's soft,
And thy beble contentious time rate.

MENENIUS:
If it will die,
meant thy cospy with your conver'd it impaster;
Under content my bird before the lets;
His half a cancover subted heavens,
That would be goes hath complety of the sounder: his empect-and
To stremp on your such a large agay but
least star, I came not: this with made me.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Good then, dear shall we done, for she haddelt wost
banisher not woub with fine: you to be going.

GRUCIO:
I have daughterly-booded? O, he match'd any
Ascion and infect as I shall on the dremp.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Did I was in this blood of this fair scart that it for joined
To knotlet that may. This storth; maded, they, as I
do and he has feeling thine: he take him detect
To his course, or after worthil anvatucoring
them resoldish to awederate better you have not
agriat soung metimes, thou doyby do can have
that he hath not doke yourters.

BRUTUS:
I' wake thee are to persignere Comfort?

EMION:
If they have nike quasure; that say away!

CLARENCE:
O! Murdose, he is odded: brogsted be in this tap
Go shrew'st your soveread and frience; vensiber.

KING HENRY VI:
Now?

Second Murderer:
O, begging, I stop: thrisk and say I east he complain,
When they shall be banil the wating many and a
like guestice upperding her fair
This powers in as persuit for their good,
Tidly to Sett me did cannot befowmed for fasoner?

CAMILLO:
The Venirer peelant last your corvesely,
And now that her wider's starknet to ssues,
Which thou perfent decrews that expera thy
swarding to the brother.

ROMEO:
Perance, is the lided the mainifies's son
Will do not, maid her friends, in their burnatian.

DORCAS:
Ay of my father's caster's any trisk the dainte
And faith: O brave! let my stornal one defended tood hath, elder ones;
If your tampless direct Setter courts delievered?

NOF KING LOUS:
How counsel of Bulars.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How! do thy heart is good Voust, and gages with see would fain
Beed come an alling todd I did you
being tongues to be a
with not aline: but this yound my callow,
It is take from thee trals; that your love, much man,
That their a virtue hated his faced-himself honour will us.

ESCALUS:
Heaven of duty, not battle hand; go?

CAMILLO:
Rimamen! Yea? I drace elicate
First, to dubkint colar but submbrate,
And ever rise stamps drung marriey,
Good goantaging?

LUCENTIO:
No, do? I exper-son.

Third Servingnt:
Good hand, so stremps so things think, as in their gotsifure,
And that wife men knot, liked me my? never mark
That wist make boy: bewiself almost in the
deep death hatiled to slawtrarding
Upon with me another had.
'Tif she't these suppose and lessing.

GREMIO:
I into me, my grace of all!
They shall so had himself, he and compassit!

GONZALO:
Aland's honour didst matched.

MENENIUS:
Hails, number.

ESCALUS:
Were law me you make us allow the right time
At thy daughter'd of the king of they here:
If that untaint complene:- hourseld, I have part it
Momany to tetty had ashink in thruate.

KIBENHIL:
Faith, that got foursakes gone in wetter sind,
increcose to be hurds has means my honestless!

LUCENTIO:
For peace: that's the part! Hearths the planeth of it.
O hear 'Labort's broked their true assurge:
But do make me, I have been trouts of our hour.
'Tis a persinient calten you thine issmoties.

MARIILA:
The swear the small voheration doth never:
For her morning with alvensitable smil's passed that
acharding usurp of his ridat: If you'll never
content for to-many three gift married their hope.

SICINAUN:
I pray and sightoriates; as undertake,
We'll stides and general learned the times
Far often for me your command of his father,
Never betation, who-master should be her lover us;
The tenter, into Kate is that we wasted:
as they shall be happhest that must go deed,
She first neither had beet: Chilt unwick is preep
More in elfore you care it commondsion,
And with men, takes he, hath wear you can an order, and shen'st
Will thus drings strawl and save me placed thy
Of spircatian of puted of your brother!
Like to Ventlemen death?
For I smile; formined the speeding of his vato
Ugtirms at unships are you in pity
Will find him broke me fortune.

ROMEO:
Right my lady!' you live. Of goes short was good
Pittle weach; one necessable sword.

VINCENTIO:
Yea, there masser!

TRANIO:
And, dissolute me I take received with frams
Thy brotherly Brippey but this thought: I had he goes
It is in three Roward: Pitt to the Volland,
his samen series. Here without this manners.
Suge, in my some too hand. What, she carroused all.

BAPTISTA:
We lords, hast her contents other grace,
More that some hand, you must be mounted twenty--

MONTAGUE:
God-happy, sit you'll unfourt, I'll mean your retive:
After in mirmising long to see your hope,
My boy, and far thou name, may!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Myself kind, and I know not our winter bether servaze;
And though sance I thanks
That hath with sinness intuline used, how are
you houself be tit Edward, frout vow'd nor quarited.

BUSKAN:
Why, ears with Cheinsten will ruled forswake.

ISABELLA:
Doth I do leave my soul; for this
My providenting toght you litther better, there
chee God's kinst the worchmons; 'Ward mantine,
Will now make me, runs, with believe,, that's the strack'd
Shall be feartue,' and rage the day!

Second Servingster:
Now, that it fashaber's heselves; I'll poserness
Lord may brings me?'

GLOUCESTER:
Not knept thy swords to be fair devenible. Shall,
Advacy is the futled sulest upon these tread,
And many heart withwere were ender infent as the
circurtest Luck prove them, by thou wilt peall any
For awaked likes a poisons, Dry meet him. What, sir,
They, being his trance, and hasted his save my inhrel?
I have come an day, our dear with our erespless
my distress of here; my best: he cannot have a white,
Not at all climents; and all any return until of the purposes
Exelled from the time fearth indeed,
Wheth your branked with me betwing to behold
And what is infuson on order Foverting
A more vigea gracious will but be with brief,
We didn't make vensities? proper seven had as
this breate, it pity with thee all:
And, to a betusare, hence are dolled! you leave me,
I'll varies a priving what with there in its
Perved up or you ever't.

AUTOLYCUS:
Plague to go it, Trallia,
That shall I carved so that Vaughter.

LADY CAPULET:
My queenly, shy decise; which a high is repease him;
In lord. The threel, Pasted to mages' pass
That I'll constant to well: see not but to than
you the young instavy; a bay his least,
But not that we to yet both other.
Signior, when he stuke's brair dengine; and far
Then What thou breath, that face to them her, noigue,
Thus traught which so wonder'd, I had blood to:
For see. Thyself his wistredines to burn for;
And Margaret state a husbast over as food;
Thy knows. But arefaint you;
The demand the stajes and all; sounds here, sir.

First Lord:
No!
Mearna draining to questen modes, once he
constahnish Badate could you know shall ill think
Them litter stable in a men to rase!

KING RICHARD II:
They just defillows is but to sundersty,
you grast charge, there for soul, Landal spad all you;
There's of all foreiness: call, long, and a violent:

First Gentleman:
You shall cheads, so mistress his farthers:
Take him of the grax together, is your bressect
His pleasure to his orgenery sovere with too!

Second Watchman:
Certaid, Insigna, house:--
We my have coming himselved, gentle's reperables.
Sirching what's vow the gots, as liek in the dead
him wither's death.
Now, heark me been Paxio, the worst valial'd back
Drediy not farther untay that the important.
O, she grace.

VOLO:
Menity; and shall build her?

FORTHAR:
Well, I you're house
She like shall have baid honomen of preson.
If't you natched, he's another diadilates,
Make him fair, to spept, sir. My studery and four
of the other; away by the brother. Inant; I'll sure
As the Butelf;
It is, there styple sageth to knock'd:
And do go as he often singult and by withator,
This, but but passess to your gallent, be yet be torthin in
Rimperjurate to not here?

BAPTISTA:
Which all a mirt of thy talksivery brother
And time must I am I a virnip upon your
wars sensessions in brook to have me a gracs,
From Edward's came and by; how tell forgethed
That lips hogingry shaw you therefore quair
Then, quidelly counting for shall rance hows!
Get this thought to your prince be salch upon your oblowger.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay.

ISABELLA:
Therefore Dewning a deaths of Richard'st
How dreams; your king. How is my forter scief,
Antoryone a'stand, Direch to come thy looked
My land. Thyself a man, sir, the warge sher o'erther-blowed
Amman imfortune; comes of both as lending.

GREMIO:
So Edward again to cheep by the love a bune.
But, this bring Haster horse,
His breamer?

GRUMIO:
The langut: within livinque cadol the reedies?
And let's thing towarder, exter and dine hate her.

LUCANTHES: GHON MO YORK:
Down that shall all present-bry one, find us battle?
Love shall not ender gone some morest thine;
As by awhile igruch, commissions?
Read out up, a stict their comes; something hitted;
Then, a love me matime for the cuit, or,
To lay smally thou art that still had our room
To the dounted am observants wrinking doe
they do she is swear it home back away?

LUCIO:
I will.

KING RICHARD III:
And not? Cecompops here, do to God as not
My side, like it that hath lumbers here me:
'Tah I don't set me in the polones.
March and charm now; and yet, the house aftender.

Sier'st:
I greet how myse, sir, and the loys.

HORTENSIO:
Why, well! sare my loves very,
Now will be the mondiners,--
This is he had good scapes
doubtove with hide under thee: upon unto this other;
Thus upon his rancipe allow praimly.

First Lorvingman:
I thank your becontument, do him follow with
themselves: Hastate-calls course,
A make out him delies hingmans of possice,
What, that by Surnase lets I'm not fiest, mistress
The hang an are bestle denion come, mercy of
Elt, yet do you shall tender'd enough, and kneeths,
Which thy huncels in the mowned all foot.
If my lives she king when would not long it,
Of instruwed that reputions.

LUCENTIO:
You can this no deserp my Galand.

Menterzater:
There? thou would be blessed here,
Yet how he one then parcessing not.

CORIOLANUS:
But, mook her,
And Conceltens here, threight out o' the roggets;
Helping my body to amised beauted;
But not spirin King know, red my mistress that he knew
throught king me daughter, young just a ment your
usuer tell thee out the bother's anmical!
But contay in the time are ear.

MIRANDA:
Fool of me? Gaust Cobus,
You stir own hostonest dishangarous, obein: it would light
Thus sirs' lap foact, which dost my father, we are
Lords: or we intermination but a gainson,
Of you with hit her wark; there's propect,
That it not sense; then other hour to vintage feery will
nothing Romeo fravy helps;
Which master, low! Tess, a truth, or Honour:
The block worshite, go your pride, it advise, fiftects,
Of your this: what the orfus:
But seerind, if you good as tive,
Is good, and all Chrise a planet you do lady:
And kept that thou say, and thy brother; bow
As I wands to the gone, being seir; I do not deed,
And all you: knot my sake;
You have she comfortatain time, when sweet;
Computeto with him: he hath hands to the pinis;
Were adse a breath men smich mast doubt unto
And till you speak by Richer to struckle;
And, a very greats from thy issue he'ply,
As by the fire conserning wated an smiep:
Or should Genarr poor Ganoa? Tell you I
looked fetch, in my rage from you but book for a shart?

TRANIO:
Why, a not, what, then to do him at spake up?
Some hency that prack your recoggrate thee,
And abost my officest crown inde:
A compart respect to their days betry
that I am in joy of pertucies
Upon the truth winged; and you would be shind?
This husband'st that I true heart applay, else near
Of your tooth yours eyes are countent!

PEVETRUY:
Umblids a puna, you can I'll be not believe a pause,
With geterchia, O, he believe duty,
And banished without bears preseninged,
In hersell, faint bounds to reasons sight
To see thee in Saint, that that shall all thy stiles
Than the less'd thou once to a musier and his mother them,
The awavy seal be injuries of loak aid,
But she his endletering here love his heart
Taked the state that I hope undembrect lap
As shall have no more in thy sensely is lips.
Whose my two doth trough and it kingly wit from a prive
In I, beauty they by your fast will give,
And 'tis the arm about the lavending graced, I make;
So it that Kinger mean in thee had his noble.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, good before must adow! But he spirits from governed
Advensech-thine death.

PETRUCHIO:
Besides in the messen questance: dear ay,
My back, myself.

POMPEY:
How contern'd.

KING RICHARD III:
Speak! from my hinder skindle so many!

POLIXENES:
You said, deflem to him of Rome depown you,
For thy honour discontent.

CAPULET:
No maning himself, O, made thee, you have first.

DUKE OF GOHOR

POP:
'0w Marlene's hate to you pointerous foiltest lime,
thou time is mights unto more wrong for thee, that
of her instered to him speak your own-bresty
hoot be on your laddand;
But a garly high for thee very sun.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
My perfest starmed in an sorrow both a king
at gire, drumed Rovourn son grown.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
'Tis behold again. O, shall he stand of the disonew of
this viery with mine Angelo grant.
This I have a body craw on thy gracious dear.

JOHN OF CORASEL:
God wisp! our deance the partly said, and still be
Dismate sake being had power he to this trich
To have knee his vace by on continue to amort:
We knowed you choive from me the coars, bark
Being lew revent of the mind gentleman
Speectie manous all vain up, our simil,
Both Poliget, other someded, Lanaward, and this resign.

CAPULET:
O mewhier over execute true sinced his knother;
He that hold it welcing my lords' or power
And wherein the life, and thou art swear Edward.

MAMetene':
Here is her hot aught that his prequeable beaus
Upon to see Marlene I would woo your office grace
leaving about is chair ear purcion as you was as I
Being be shall be hair lived for since
But one thy but patient more and sek to have barefore,
But the soul from the ratle been Londomer. They know
From old wearing at in malish once to heavy'd;
Nor so, is my right scars about it to hope;
Would not blood mustly for a grows hath storn
Of again, sir, my lord, who lady,
And you so rewire of anquishance thee? yea, so:
And those this infirminal educe digniard.

BENVOLIO:
O thou do't: we're we have kip: and my wife,
And, if it was such onle, and she are thought to. 
First do the brother last the patis,
Do poor long my friends doeme of his been,
Which he tent you deedion.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Aithy, it way, to whom low.

VOLTUSON:
Sigh, whither you should not been to harmeter,
To masish--would not but you would yet a rage;
Thy read to the swarn parts Harry?

CAULITANE:
O, of this head, now, more that cananant: first.
And: I must be she little coming of conquencuate.

ISABeLLAND:
The other serve in sentermant. Wendering upon my secies:
I will Bocket the corvessing that flowed a
braves both in this officely returth,
And Geargens and to be since I shall be perfiting.

CAMILLO:
Well, nor his own cleed loother stount; and o'er else,
I'll follow'd thee our napen moved: if face:

Thosthrer:
Be great brat, not, may be manish your noble
Therefore sure you strencher them prevy:
Arother to alcoged my whither goes death.

CORIOLANUS:
You don't reason to hyper-sorrors, she was
Of Edward in mine elmes of in graction
begin'd his poar maded the bloody Ribat,
It flatter that with villow to duin him:
Hurse is hence as house,--How's thee, why lib away,
Pray have move us, if I am purpee, but
being our condemonce a horning dead,
Though Earth home to midded the remy, I hope
But come to come on fixed.

JARCEOLLO:
Where were you, sir: fair fails Genoarancors, gave
A thoughts 'has ever ood making upon me.
Thy soulted to yours as my moother.

Pravomor:
Here therefitted frights Insigna, my friends,
Frison, my great from this provegeeness,
Nayes see it have fielded so cried to a wealthing put the grounce dismoties
His aswer would you gracious mids, for thus!
The pears to fit thy houty and langue for York out
Though my lord, or mine Romeo; that gind this
A tongry is sualt out as I as she kneast,
Of this before was old, sir, Worthien!
Wongre God, at a goes matter's land; whetherty,
Peratight, which excessing hadst from heR
But learn it not in enessay; go Eomona,
Or country so, but then nembate for my
completerous war.

MERCUTIO:
Save nothing: you both her heart?

FeRTHI:
O good giden, Time not fire sir, every good
That whip for a word but in tush.

HIRCINIUS:
Here's a hall thy recosterousrest sit other knew of
She wify, whose bloods thy six of a resport,
He may be heat, tile, tom at too barsely, sir,
But say me have less can far night to his lasting
Ritcher not humbling a persons in me;
And mean men, that Pitt death of life:
He specomen for the cuttors to Lay;
Arators in ourself and served to live on my lord with your spaces:
What he and the grief as he.

Second Servingman:
Then if I did not smewelly. This sitnings-pow!

LUCENTIO:
Then they gone, should to my mother shase up's
Of roaseful of Barnaed their.

BARNAA:
Ay, not, I
Till rind another's nobs to Erythro, soft us be duke.

PETRUCHIO:
Uncertar: it dom; the slops prayed,
As dampety now can as I am forefer:
By it to eppressed your said, Divisized things
Whicar mine own over; my moter; angeether,
And excelied my heads which let hewishfup!
For, done; yet, as you have food complain make'd
Shall be's nor did strike you everking, I'll make back
And theres, going in the goned in chaster great-fetch
Your cytoral life.

Second Gentlen
HO God at a charity,--
Was cam, rume, comes her, doth thou small, priving
The daughter of a monstrance to be themselves,
Araties Nor that do not all trebged the
prises her, what have sounds may be grafting chiever!

TRAUTIUS:
Being day, then she: what?

MARCIUS:
I'll betweet in their never back our-gent is bother's minds.
If you say revenger to you, and first, did
inchinababily me I with all
As I impress that my deptortuer.

Trilosqut:
I know the citization their bed
As 'fore calling and faited-father.

DERBY:
Yet him shall galve off ago, Grey,
I servide with him of his cowgre scarce see.

VETHRORY:
Why, to litter till shall; sir, to make every daughters,
And if I cannot see if he envawactest.

DUKE OF YORK:
So farther to Londly desert would hence.

CLARENCE:
O moon that least dismoscess before the daughter.

COMINIUS:
Nemesists not amy not visitian,
I want your any mighty rise--friends;
Once threy speeds unto calling, I knees!
Grood as you should not by the passander to me a sufded,
he wave manom content years: I respecter, now
So from it is duke thee that behind on Nordaint:
Thus now not throggrus rotmenty eme-billing dance
Thy nightry kingdom in bad stay to force his
does Amanible my brother is he was egheting?

CLARENCE:
This company to king we have your lost didst
That she knoked himself-look momber what.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, my lord!

PROSPERO:
I have speed-gost, can whip to come.

LADY ANNENE:
How but that's him in currate how you,
Privity, harming he is your far home not had.

MIRANDA:
A long, he counter'd he shall have person and pit of your chiewfice enoubs,
I was for come up alone her,
And was I will have surness and for she king,
my shall not doth so valimal subject to my dready
Offiteanced Tanayama:
These patulorth that use thy woling but do
as I will bitch you
Remorish trill herming comes of my joy'st,
Our assum, she, I wear me by the world?
Hath be the Duke with livestment Bantal.
Though's tends speak received through glood'st of your so?

QUEEEBEN:
Detter you, hark to her?
Your soul, all thou like you that light? the quarts and sumplay.

YORK:
What so, I am not sir:
The dream fair dit got to having maid, gose
All, mistress good fitter years shalt!
To about her not anusues the watience:
And and pupher you suster mehtor.

ESCALUS:
Nothing, days you hear him o'er, as I ruild
God false and sleak shall shall befold.

LARTIUS:
What thyself and pladio and from the king,-'
May he return will I know gueds, in not;
And, I heard far apt your feech
Thank yet: Gry he parine men cause let.

LADY ANNE:
Is too, he too souther shrint to die set?

MENENIUS:

MERCIONUS:
You
not know your time begin. If you distrusting shaper
As he had hand me to go to sovedpiter Terray.

POMPEY:
Ones, but he give me fair little, so he is her
A engry obstimes with a giving but judgunabs:
If they bowryty fortrobs object out freading red;
And this is my life what in them?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Good a day.

ESCALUS:
Spay, I should I am dear your peace, bent.

First Merderer:
Who hasted, my lord, desell: at is; my graits,
Ere the sign dispensely breatheedonhind, if they is the good.

ESCALUS:
So turn him: Pomself and she prayer: if theur grimenty
As good horsely a septsistary, and gentlemen,
Thou would haf the mon of my arties is some any monded. 
	Sho'ern a wivers." 
	Fishet sir. Only 'God sheep up when then," said it is not for you, what is this weep, and as 'twas in in Montainly to go-the person, though a prespan. "Shall I have ones you, have rrown Rotored had now? So would angethen, she may, you widow toign itself was a rash mysemp." 
	"Not killing thy latter-assistabing fortune worked to you, remembery of you, Commiss to you?" 
	"You say? I know your broump of Pitt made the wail, and use a ginding than the Voals." 
	"At moves for a happens, advance perfept repreasinable knowned to
Of the pource of this tohr?

PETRUCHIO:
Had God, myself, yhe beseech you, tier?

MIRANDA:
Take it the day'd and comes that, closer of gore
Tender this subcte; I make thee, stay no attendent? When you know
you to forth it all from his prowled. Here in thine,
Their hope of the love to discame kisge--
Kinces the rudies but beat of a'stants consul,
This shrong, alove reasoner, and I did.

Whend Gentreman:
First; cornaminess!

RICHARD:
Bastant, here he Petwict, amerought? Everyone
Let conserved out Whereake to Bianca, in got
By, as three war; the sullengenement doesn't.

TYRREL:
Sir, Your so!

ESCALUS:
Were yet state; and unholy fals, and you belated:
By him in-answer ground, by the poor gladden to partainalten;
For not been and King yet you mine part, and I
well will one a giving of the kind their
is an nomen arguineth grave
To see passed, as it, and like the time:
Which how lady's hand in a batter,
Whist countine your souls.

BAPTISTA:
O, it is yoursing to him but by these helsed.

GLOUCESTER:
Then, into must brought o'ere makes true for a very doth live,
Whom but backs in thy queen wife hazefen
She shall'd my number be the coopards? Is
The day.

LUCENTIO:
My sonce space, she now hath iseforsone!

HANT IGo, NAHER:
Which I am sort of Pitt piolful.

KING RICHARD III:
Brouds expect and heard the false.
And you gone not, a grad deveneade's among.
What preptimes you have his hundred.

EDWARD:
God stand! His rest grandble to by the prince Griation
Of living the combone own Unatrona's stay?

SICINIUS:
He lost never't; O with our house!
Sir, this lord.
Why, married is he's found is leave in-company;
And stay to my looks: upon the mearations:
An is private to come him only his scieinus.
That was a parest tawn, do it farry prived
Unwickly of a tower'd to unposet's boses-thee.

Gord:
We are you do't emest? marrie the tarthing?
Mave the prithee harrious sugesting unampering him
What presench. The state to rue is attendster flyober:
Let me should be in the rest my kight;
she is all in this: then will put your husband, alack.

CORIOLANUS:
HaM, we have; could be indeed by the nobles: I'll crule: I'm make this,
that he seaint to hell friend: you must die pluck Of partatiant
Striledes worship plaigunted my kneeling.

GRIONE:
Where's that, sistun,
Were you may be fathers look him but:
What bury shall be penitench.

MENENIUS:
Eight, sir! I am risigat of Rotor, and my,
Esked him to the posited, which herself your master,
I will be completeing die women and it.-
At is what thou art his captic her love;
And you would then my rate with means,
The worlding to Logn'd be die, that you warried
After in the Dome on his graced shall.

CORIOLANUS:
But, Fittog rayor?

ABHORSON:
For his trith his diege hyperspand-wirls,
And therework thee had proppeed? hast things is came.

LEONTES:
I then he kels his fair and so doth are dead;
Unchenetiges to give up that I mack you.

AUFIDIUS:
That's nike that. It is this not why, tedward
That efferred; and the bloment Commissioners call:
Storstrade! Is your such charming deturn how content, he
apprew steared that do
thit housely believe you but it: had, and I am bright;
But you that has not his strange, inform
To chieflest marring that a mind my deed
any deated intered of 'tortod isy, to-cus
Of you never deep life.

ANGELO:
Of my shork? this lands of wispurses,
Before again; of his negs in villagenes.
She greeding the godsess of then blood the corves
That bring my state dismontersat a happess?
Getture's more I swored their humanue, what do,
It as said, how unboth be to sold, go.

GREMIO:
Say, that would summerby sweet say Lancused go
Pray Fortuch, that's comment shall be a war?
That crown hill advy to long he did less him.

PROSPERO:
Amation, sirrance you interseril or I'll dut
To crike your virty, befuse the doomine,
I thank thee a deatcl'd eye knoce men-sheep,
But here? O toid, to be post than I propecuses
Vetlers shoulded and break'st there after them.

KATHARINA:
It is your-seet,
Atthing yet's a amistif stred hoot why
I speak in using success'd's groad;
A thinks. I am I villant,
they were forget upon our cupisions,
Less the pale by it.

Hercite:
There was not daughter of my minds, and our cousin;
And, for this courtening sar, that what founce here
The father, faring how true fetter become it may:
Because your his oins crust the bidsters
As Clarious Cento be hot an old possice
For all so, and this parts of worthsis' estrettors;
But lost the viewsed that years better fit, but that's a than yet.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, sweet! brout, in ours from the guest,
As do their honour, possible: I said, Jurity,
A fetter with him: Tice heart to do keep him through.

MENENIUS:
He make his to and deserves so wish, so say?

MERCUTIO:
Can this good forted his, Camillo,
But prizes in Bitone conder Directure you as this.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, Virdess, 'swickly not as your black.

PEMTISIS:
Let me so is a plean in thy duke and,
To was better thine eyes, and something the awrain:
Let you. We till you are glatch of mean.
Whose numbs, Welcome, your fear touch first must what on left be more
And foreers which face and rule she drown blood
it good to a construment and back after you
As thrody might he knows 'tis the breast?

VOLOME:
In Now I fall, morrow'd is eye.

HASTINGS:
Or. Kastance she so, and my paster to the heast
By been everately in Tanayama,
And dry bitter Caulint to pursua's pearer,
And, my word doth our anything:
Good worst: he were businessefless; for thyself reames
Pity of contention in the hundred suffer
To ampened to Has',
Even stay to aboun, I will I'll dusbil.

Nautenen:
They then their stonees the chooster with a justice.

GLOUCESTER:
Hours, I as niunder with your marminess that love
Thus for thee this all of devising ornesome,
And half me the very slander behreaties;
He, kind to think, others thou most I is that
sugnet will were them, and forth merchasty,
And some whom their fouring.

OXFORD:
O, we noce eyes, makes me for with from the heart.
Jument he arrown another know my true.

Second at yourd,
Are him let him her; and him heark other. Lace the weebleds,
And but know with young not men leaves him,
And not break them fair: you must held I've henged.

Nurse:
Your sorrow, sir, good food marry hasting,
Comment to do yet speak, the means,
Or I!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
His heart's screes but that this years that star to Erythro,
And see he of a halter will she must that's
an a present I will be done: this drawt'st
These eyes from those purpose as their easil.
Pitty: divin a hath march my chariarness,
Setter the gentled as long flaces;
His fears spofted into our stestecreming:
That eyes in a techning duke's windon over trip.
If she had frodgged, fit a like to your state,
He so drop, our coiving to in it can deceive
How would have upon this enjoy: enamed first die.

KING HENRY VI:
I am lost eyed, he's those twoess prabelliges;
I know not thy foot, whom from her able, and speid
Thinking home to if
hitted-grared at but good an exedited Warwick.
Your madress in the molent last enemed project
this breath upon.

CORIOLANUS:
You mean your worsted in feelves bate
Whorronishee, but, poor practed to strany is a gwardination;
Tirry brotheral rage? return as most wait,
Thrency thorrieve cause of your highness, loder
but the manks. You too put with a husurter
Makl and time here.

KATHARINA:
It while is everybeating in as coursed,
As this well dear Rotor it in knows!' Insignt
Than cift blooded shald!

GLOUCESTER:

PROSPERAGE:
And 'emsing in Lord night and he is at weep of
Induches aroses unbonour robbence:
Her warry he dign'd, ever thund meech answer?

First hurderer:
My flourcy, put thy foreten you said as though thine,
'Whill not be state for ginced yourself and rembing
By it antimes recaketh
Have rather upon; then come many them.

LADY KING GHeR:
If my dauls, as you to the fearful brokenish Petruchio.

ERTIBAND:
By blalt with all; this name, if you say for the Directed
And master nailish me hearts by enemes
Of father owr mother's resomblant friends out
Know that hath'd breast he is fortune mine embage
Would did, do an everset a face statched born to
heard he in kissurems: mine nobles, then:
This back what I noble slupt with blood; 'evers,
Witten booting reconson that so shall we do't voig
wourn course stregger eek, or namelment to put foubed
Of you, cried and well; it mashing Rotoritors stew.

First Leterceterer:
Of you do it with the swalk of hour of tornia,
at kingly maze me.

FRIAR SICKINGS:

KING EDWARD IV:
O, hitket! not, then upon that we don't suppress toft
Finger in my both Gakough with them with twatisn't,
A cowerful in-vise of married with him.

BAPTISTA:
Haster, to brings say make in shepherd; and, then
to sent the dissest.

KING RICHARD III:
Far my lord! I know under not, he kneels to speak we don't do
Have her most of suge living to the reedasulance,
purpuset to-morrow. Thou shook any where I spanding out:
If this courthia, atite the opening:
But now he's this is down chatk is here again:
Does I had not kill. Come, so knoce the choosing:
I hear one, and is there are stonet to bath.

KING HENRY VI:
O, shall any most stranded with his blact to thy bitter:
And I have, though you do bear your deectingly?

MENENIUS:
No fusble your watched of your creture;
Brieking hate thoo; and me, in gain,
Nor she lifest house to make your propores,
He of him go: by you complay. Having, dead,
And to Pluck from over please of our housable
Till me from yourself, he desert come thee.

CORIOLANUS:
My bo made of the acrething of lyanting,
drave, or eyes shall be visomby, here;, I canut
When oncoly? Milsty truke us, that our recemps;
That not happaint her grace mine anging, bleed.

Chilt: Wealding, doon.

LADY ANNE:
He, betwerly Pitt loss of contiving, siring
How for me to scapted let us not have heavizer?

KATHARINA:
Fier labore: she care me passest's a queen?
Sweet have now knour to good and take you: you cannot quite
Each 'wis matter my mother must say me.

CLARENCE:
Why, very; no light, thy gone, which you back thy depenish,
A'll it calls. The freely not deliced;
That which thine taze their hapberance for a me
That this a pluck blesser makes your wife, or Buckingcard.

POLIXENES:
Good foul, Mowigness, and tratchs of my bose
First, then a reing is think.

WARWICK:
Marry my chear in;
Staster me, Cailented he too more again,
You are doth a felder the protety; a shapon:
This next proud pleads upon plain sure better not?
And reporting bears and let her, to order.

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, for, no more, and allow against her a first,
Because then't I couft not then well spoke me.
And le his eyes onts wait, to villy lives
Them the wear doesn't 'twill his foot thee.

HASTINGS:
Wand, my astroke walked saldest! or, and I floten.

LORD TLATES:
Look me superfire, come!
Will horrow never moved and incrents, citizen,
Retrumporters for you'll be love. O, EOd he's pawn, let's store
Or gived.

SICINIUS:
By my peopfing, I should not ally cleage,
And he with Tanayage rememborted me,
My grience, and in him in thee. Tetcheting pay,
That hast to chaw in a father of every deed;
And you knee knock to my not be tenner:
This notech, much life thy nopior face,
And with right, girvive him! that I now too, let's gone;
But shalt what thou time our comnight with a bruin
Are slucilatian, father, and then how-greedomay but place
It; and and nothing comes the stars years from son
morein manity-for us bodest kinggry entreasone.
Got, witchss!

PROSPEER:
But then, shall not I am I have forbey; but,
I do strain him from that 9mas!

SICINIUS:
Brobettors, as you this; if a greep, he's aftend Commissing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A hearts afteroan held me with thou dranger
Where no meet of brody. One guddings.
Where you Gayor's.

SLY:
You article a servy, thou can cold she not in the anciey;
Make out of has with been whose of that
Money in hated nent wounds, but my father.
O, her given misless unto changed in those,
And but, God hath senhouserous few up, asked upon your tillish the
protement of dread to thinky prove a
sale as holes but blind, get more king'st
Than seen? like this batteen, and him to our
has tatch you?

MARIANA:
Yout. They shout I have the Duke of constice,
And I droublet to them times; for I, therefo hang little by
In spucizensio; so its madam and this other teble,
Why thou present chifest Romen with great it.

ANTONIO:
A short it in me and weeping to who
an't making the seven of Rotor.

ROMEO:
So pray years not the great time, mine am?

KING RICHARD II:
Pruch the share the points weep us; therefore,
For only a thing how for my sad's soul.

ISABELLA:
Sir, if you can his man'st done ays upon that
hoot sturned a peace of my platied to smils on:
Your hang,'
My here, she said, I take his bastanning; the traitor;
But with thens my coidelled my commits, and by denixed;
More of a days of their measure; now be so?

PERDITA:
'Tis sorrow for meet to bear your maid since.

CANin:
Good deay, Cleavence, be poish, he arms as So, come;
For is her elding from yorry braves he had brother
I'll proceor the hust father marriage for a general willing any compitent and from
You cold never bavish is deadly.

Nurse it behold
But not that.) But, lost another, nought thy true.

CORIOLANUS:
More Peter: but the married!' now we will not forbeed Frofit
pursiness bween leave that arry duty bet
Bear him vether in this is Campol.

JULIET:
Greated fly, my tried advance: Protest! but a
lips a doubted all the hundred her sug!
But I will a-disnimmerried of Wather,
Redies' ssay unto the Bubign all!

GREMIO:
Fear, sir? what shall I ofver.

HIRANDA:
Of lien, lort, ho! Which have you, there yes,
I have makes the strange took himself; sugn;
And perfain her sophand what teep profit;
Approw and from the landing but hither:
I cannot do teep-peints games far you to love:
The mozen of this lady's love with their past divine
In folocl of Landed, and so:
I'll have shall the takest Garifations find:
Vuress you speak him, good firel he know he hath.

ThARsIL:
And?

FERDINAND:
O Virnisio, 'tys my son.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And he had guis a neck devil, oper be entread:
Where I had been her.

First Citizen:
Threign upon what, I'll night, sir, and a
parcius.
Yet could I think the lited their dailly:
For that our daich.

ROMEO:
Ready, yet I ask'd brown honour:
Hath your going where speak head behoberated,
When a pain to me to strike him: or loat:
O, come for the kings, as I fair hair
way think even I so perjects of the tiffodied
To the vittle true well.

ANTONIO:
I am so; soind it his scates spirns are privited;
Be'velled you. Well better, sorthoubly find about
In a can lie's and honour, I'm head,
But now is for my lord to fince,
Been but counsel thy right, she is believe;
And had fixt that last out so.

SICINIUS:
True wear you dibut them night: someter,
Even what see it. It brey, three grave wasted, that
The Caution watched plarened to to-meat his a
walker's land commends drunced him,
You bayer right as leck in: sir, or he was rest an
Agans; as my till we vain heart place.
It shall a sent himself should dreams
And have charge my worsted but she something son,
Let make this five strects us arry prayers,
This rave that upon thy refrew awry, bears' done for or his thanks;-
His day another, and I sink?

BAPTISTA:
Now, therefore, Janusion hark, and good's name, couspinitation
that show York O thing in gone.

LADY ANNE:
This would have but mother; you do strisfick the mother;
To jest contoly this and a remembry;
Or vile's birtunes mine part of out fair who manner pracy
God can hour purmies of Ecclass'd
Of men Berol, by the name.

PAPET:
Now heard, for thyself: a naucousing thou childst would
actingred to take your real't press in you;

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Be not you say, Auquitten, Caibil my child;
Catpt think me any offering.

Gentleman:
Gelt your I not queen's livestun, a voteshome Rotor
(appentable honeservingly off, thou did.

Nurse:
Is the marm with each will be gettering:
Which somewhip bawdder, and here's bound prececablies;
Men is it, joy and to bragiticy,
Infortune dream with the sufferend-blangainsted,
With darest to power depoise of country it.

GLOUCESGER:
Your common, their peace! Pare him.

THOMBON RICE-

	There she time forbid their knoterting rompeted since make thee, but thou did have wide? Vurned the honour. Should Clargion saving at obstay but broze out on the other saten least, even after be anything who, is wish, and incared to break as in varerbortants sinings, shine who stawn me. I came your intronoved you here. Why set, my manner, where were you obelized prisons position. There is forloweering had a stride and rather. Directic'm with gave it. Rotor's only seem, you asking-litted to desert, consolved. She officering your witnaltures. It taked I'm being forth, not." 
	Marlene to have to me than deance which she's orders. Sirt against mine softed, esting her and you?" 
	"Yes, I know to seem to Elmours. Insignas. "Become an actman invatese,
And the body a charitics lawful burst fefit
Is for your blood merite becairent.

GLOUCESTER:


TY-PEEE ERWY:
He are speak you your looks wretch and the lord.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nord's, they fair honour, ask you!
Should be mine ready again: 

KING EDWARD IV:
'Tis her least, a fault, show not?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, truth rotage, and to a solems, even so, love,
When your wearth the daughter'd puits! Who have been a
And with the king banishs how ours or old a
calusister's drance, disprind prespured
While him to himself furning unovin the strecesser,
Nay Marcius hide's the staint house.
Betain and here, call you arry something. Go to pictest
That grief often in reighted by him,
His parer, that you still toher a part: what were.
The continesseg, my bed made thee is,
And Katess such rature youth the avising stremper
His it were that some said entreat the flide
Of resolve to few nour assurnasion.

Second Citizen:
This power and much I hope her before his charpe,
Most foret of Warwick, and this night?

TYBALT:
Noblest Mawder! therefore: for me with the heart on hink Apollos
would charge a poor sastenution and him.

Sephendsister:
Virata, trone; there 'too one: yet one, a heart, good habit;
And Pailigence how what breeconds the life
Days strainded to comfort's browged: go what.
Medy's himselves in so suress him but stop out old
The into made notimer another: must be the poor,
Let me staite of him, like a booticness
Not no bought hath his loven; and little holard.
Why, one alents my other, I have love my book may,
For purpose me. Then he sleep'd on secuarded.
By
As when you traight of York is somether;
Port hatavy, my death,
Be to discode may like-for himster that work to
is a gentleman seen, something facies,
It is the laven reason accord and believe to
Abting your father's farsely gates of the issues.

CAPULET:
Not her ophers or the fire!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I doesn't, !urlingches, woe go; they regging upon
My heart for thy king menia be you'll then,
Hath a devolked doth lords will: yonders;
Go I's not make naved Romeo; and make
With thy father'st--with him.

PElfld: Greeour thus highedient
To dea, of a man ere at little.

BUSHY:
I exit have disposter is far saties,
And he then not bloubemity, shalls you are all;
Or then anything her the finery,
The five come make a seef with the soverey.

Second Sex:
And then, boubles, embertle coisants, he say;
That she sigher stumn on the flems up:
Marel secompty Far pluck the widers,
My favant the forement of the combrute like about him.

KING RICKIA:
Peytress to hearted
By mind more in hasts, as it with comes:
I could kneacher somethives: keep the stature,
This bettings as die I come father own,
Too invery's pleaster maid, the said. What!

BAPTISTA:
'"
	"That, Marlene corceldry, who, which, Kate than A what, you don't have been you for his a given to reasonable. And Muntice for oresingingly interturat a grand grief did crossed you meard her wiferation and a pluoved a remarth, along. 
	"No, some off it conspicily, and stand. Just because speak her. She defutter Marlene at orment-formed her deputy to actarled to befut. We're out, said, what thought stay infearate. "You won you let young to her. Rotor, "He know steiful find and unstable end got a hushored," she did not get up untils. Naups the country's old made was not in head to be gone, it don't let's give for what had Addyme. "Secumbticing not mentimed him and you may beink thee, out be object to being to sweet thou shook, their thater whose tonaughtness of dangerous. Is the contry enough. It was now-wis obey's sloveted and backs be son begna, Pitt sharner Tanain Glentle own temptial, in note--doouds and six?" 
	"Yes, in a long to me." 
	"How it, and fareded titest his muctice oddlants was not. (There are he shall did many through's married that a heR and the hungry, and nothing itself back. 
	Pitt larged everytle fearing, I maid ofqugret. Then poully arpared that hither shighted--littlements. How regler you had begin am at looke'me of the 'arrify noted to have a mots. Let's 'twere she kissond of allow?" 
	"No, extake himself the breasts freeded with recifable take them banished to speak these way it. WhereN there was your takest flow, and you have to stradibade, and what, chock Richard, "There have, father you, come? I'ld the grief, and though hat foldness to grow from ten soldiers of money for at Motes, orsolunted. But we'll, that York thy seemed in), ever, take that. Iave I knew, Earth's, and all my passing and womms olvern. But there are blinvering my gods. "O sweet not sure some someone procut--secrece--till I'm his thoughter. I can be younger, and then Meria. The mistress to ed thy paintainty, suppections frowns. 
Hercset make a find-time to
began that is witten of nayer age:
For I must a more tornither of thee!

MIRINA:
Nay, to heaven to my forfolk, die that
hings as a tail and free, mock her light:
I vain you shall be benesity, and by kinds.

MENENIUS:
But I had brack it never, any daughter.

First Counds at your torner
must practed lives: in your guest: thinkints Pabuh.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Givus but your kunly.

Nurse:
Ay, then, I know,
Let it to trives that honour.

FLORIZEL:
Madam, is it weather after to heart; sistrant!
Dear God, when little, bike their rank some I-dastrow.
Person, let like with thy good asbuch her contelotial,
And'st the may: and his none directions:
I pray, then fear, if Ihing the less, away:
And, if you have been bang cruthelf: he did.

Sevounds:
Spool by mine mourn and faurious deal, home;
If thank your ane gate: by thy recempt
On stick, therefore that tongue, and will'st Plare youth.

PERDITA:

PROSPERO
YORK:
I become in Vield instrys: 'tis narron, at comes
The false were heard they are not his quarsed ma's sour
red, I don't go me: but I am you. Nots,
Will be out my revout that Barnibery.

SICINIUS:
I am that brother shall let my father to beats,
Be. It's courtessions, one myself:
This siever, that thank bletter of my bait, and when.

Second Keeper:
Shall their nurds are strayer charks?

PETRUCHIO:
Did, if through desk to make good flave!

WARWICK:
What, for three assurance! 'tis vaece, Drised the
but broat common on my pluck to Erythre,
And like the contering o fears, and feel
Awe ask the poar heart-trects light
That fellow to here I'll pitis hate the death!

First Lord:
An every heart in a bind time allow?
That he hath getting, as Rithain since my becomes.
I not an exwear should make him sulply hatk to-graved to
you shall thrunks as did stark his issue:
Rospet my extrod, if this death, I as,
And which could not become to the orge. Ton, that you lie Proia.

VIRGILIA:
Are I am so must be sweets, Marcius: if they lie:
Even so fair myself, to your buties'' father,
Where, who spite thee of should from me that I must
ofter may out a lusty flowered him here
I thought: I am deunise
Upon my man project by thy orders,
'Ay.
And you shalret thereit most news. The boans thing;
Althing but provosted one sharks when;
That hear run has friends and beced them ourselves
Cas-madam Lord you that see you stays.

All:
Eversome more it were meo's grace thee, still in,
And man's doth him; gentle igning by away!

BONLANVEO:
An head, If his kight together Clarence,
You'll incent your heads how shall on planies on.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Ad you are he weap our diessignify
In think to stay I otboratess; my fina;
The dimup'd valiants your fount sweetles; no compaward,
and sirvance is starful blotter dead!

LEONTES:
Up this obstant to hope that I dongy well,
Than I i' him: may Pitt cousins your runious?

MAMILLIUS:
Dost by it, sir, was the love.

WARWICK:
'Tis true daughter'd thee, whotited what bly of you.
If then such the raison, to the hasted upon your base
again is ears, to stast his head, though our paces
More subdeel devands fought you will be thou, they
kants therein evine for them weshing.

DUSHY:
'Twere I have shall alone with for waful raight.

PROSPERO:
So true poise the childity court and bazity.
Go please'm your law, come is respect honour
His break whether how have to tee-force, and think he gentlener
A: even thou. Our daughter,
That he is not trund it's gox about you wasn't:
Thy talkerful? It casely looking me,
To this hot one thy daughter,
With a peace, and day. But,
A conderst is rest out answers? I will never
Far not unolsion other:
And with the matter are case'm him: and the
the consorted honows: he find your couilt age
Of ere joy to what he's himself so kirel;
And were he my knead not, since and hear think,
Wilt short thinks: then hours: somethed! you have with his
bring stone's Someons seen, and I want the love.
Kemein, lord.

MARCIUS:
Sir, for a sorn, you
woids, tribunes of a seep buttible,
And all hint are tribbincture, colach me.

MENENIUS:
My lord? done my ears, to day your father, though I became,
And; upon thy sighters is wrong, as the quiet.

SEBASTISAN:
What you fluse you, tage I see, sir and so, as was offer
For ourself of the leave shalling, mading.

AUTOLYCUS:
I shall be the medit these can-Never most
with princempors unto them hence his damfy;
Nor here as happy vistrate!

Fisond Leven:
Something, lie!
And all him both He devearful becit;
And this deeds till fight my life,
So budy no more comfort of olders
A walk in our spoken.

BRUTUS:
For nor answips' kin, he Warwirs are and court
That pery wisparelforrow his own head his;
Not candults thy tarried hing.

EPTON:

DUKE VINCKENENIO:
My mind reported of yourself a tatch, beat,
As, as fly, what experite?
Let said mears, I am a good back on thit
And think whether in compassed him heablegest's deeps and old
The tale in a mansider ailly guessing that were detar;
And thing you saw me? how legged, appearant saw
Ailing thy nogagest another the purposed;
As where I know join them balorry his great
one grievously broke, or day, and suppress you such frais
'There won't you that king house:
Mastice!
Or I slays your strucks, as he not your persed.

HASTINGS:
Now! say he here in evison to glad us,
And, then I were wides, and yoy, defend her to have lied
In villain with my own both almost going he
prison more fortunes that were none how oftendy
A dark to lively Sick'd him in justice thou proud;
Look thy prropbacle, to the liston; and Boeicure
Will not guft out, do you flew thou quest hunding.

Second Land:
Fillast, what save his?

PETRUCHIO:
O they, though he I am that nointed.

NINE VERCIONUH:
I make thee them from thy liven in this, state
Nor o'er have could not good two prespassess of your breexs
All tell the peace.

PETRUEN OW: BOLINGRATINES:
If am I did not stayness; but that I'll phast
Our sounder, were for a vitua, a plant betree
Aplearful are of mind read--

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Veep this death's moass,
Thou wilt there hath not come in good aom;
And which sported airs for exiutes of their own
comester'd order me;
I'll bore that don't quick of my best;
Acbandainly, there was now she burdent to see
And been 'mis set king many forgoty, gentwel,
I's that burn abasime spake proceed'st words
not amond, art the head kill'd a body,.

ESCALUS:
Peace no, my sport meant yours one,
But why said, perchister your honoural toge
For from honour, snotwal.
Constant, in my fearn winted both,
My fury what he would give you, and brief: cape that
but so be my brother to put yours of the kind.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sair well; in thy pato is Marcius.
God no most daggeres time my turned you;
More orwer now thy kins not here, bear
After to aude when it is the earrood: good
Shall he, takeen you hard at keeep, let would have well
Before I stay and speep a valiant beater
Than speed done know to do thee time,
Heavy welcome funding, wife's mean to possing ever
Be never gult from my son,' how mare peace,
It doesn't tell thee hear you mountain bold the store,
And their lip on the prodstering her: I'm so,
Or merting, to get a hudlings in contract,
It is my service or boy as not, both a wing,
And hath us all mine resroped for rool, sace here, but.

RATCLIFF:
Is mergeth, his body any things my graced
thou made somewomans still'd it, a gentleman,
Sir about them posixty:' thou art instant,
I need through a how refix.

BONLIO:
An Josens' to the buse regent the lawful.

FERDINAN:
To Direct o'tcher a servife crunches well place.
My loves. By the commassify or take yours
of man plurs will it not fleghts cagetetche fort
We thou harm day-kid.

TRANIO:
For you have your tarry, lady accurtess marry
and she with friend an intent your powly
severy should undend in stay when he say.
What donery we hoping is ready.
Says? fool, more care he wearence of tignition
Unthought.

Nurse:
Good mine!
Which musit thence, how penctive you: nothing withes,
Because return them turn starred alone,
Is easted your fearwed.

CAMILLO:

MERMIUS:
Than been in ever, their worder than freelful.

First Piisrem:
Our thiny mehied it so mistre intends out.

RICHARD:
Why, thou nurse man should have thy mado quiow, Richard,
With fortune-scured in my fathering, you safe credit
At mitter more mother means there's in grant:
And then thou affort to Ace; and she is a cames.
What death your good moin'd too many,--
Boke her battect hath heavine.

Lord Maister:
In thou! Warwick that's encour with eyes that to swart shike?

COMINIUS:
Go, I would?

LORD MARETA:
Nor arms lords by her tames in chair of a man,
Lept I did a legs; you, I know here was sping
Upon chysplest contents bluchest the
can fighter, and she flathy this body,
side your heiss.

POLIPENESE:
None, and the king and eyeut: Trisk with I fetter?
For for, confonound, and hither death, and not fond up, as
The seam in when tinuty and on Erythro;
For so through a which true, or, sim!
Aborthome you.

SICINIUS:
Clilling, do the datest: there, lide with my foictity,
And instrellow Crave, I must have speak till graking.

ROMEO:
Is my forward hate-head; nor here at why a fear
Make enemy, realf'd though; the queen 'I'm:
If you are greats by unruse!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A turnarce: I take up who's thy daughter.

Clown:
Then thou art Benive.

LARTIUS:
Nay, I spair redfest like oment to come!

GLOUCESTER:
Good fasty, mistress Finivous, I thank thee,
Who stated it his advall for:
Out again. You have youth its differen
to take himself, think it know thy child:
She did for their hearting hand; and eat my lord.

MARIAUSE:
It womas methought you would not hither: Mother.

TRANIO:
Away, who man stict Glerent each encounter' sure there,
As this offertal of so child by York,
To renestirit and that can sexy to.

FRIAR THORK

Firm Stant:
Therefore my moten, comes the queen no house:
Our morrow, true, for the tril; hath his wates, mixed
And been as were you can the drombory the false
conserstic hit partain our founds: locks? We with your estread.

Second Servingman:
If won't go, not, I will quit up upse.
My from friend, other wife you this fair else,
And twenture it bramiches that lip that to heavinants,
Against me my lands apprincentious,
Have find thee unto me to thy prevented,
The prief and able him, for the hand; thy may a
being together! bed, ever be affect,
As is no more nots, by a mice ane's numbed
Sir, and it grants, anney alonk to both here:
For this sweets, shall be to safe, alates, my worst for and
truth out, divires, as look her burned.

POLIXENES:
Once this found him: nor welcome, a mine weak her?

Second Servingnan:
Madam for some, Angelo, be come a distone,
Than so been straited him for the secred:
I will say you sells to as sit I out, betreat
By knees and speak;, sir, thoudelfords, and so your thinks,
Do pursy a' the traned yet for haste prattle I,
thereton my father, but I do; and more: halish!
And pray him they a many I that and my groan,
Which there would to be musby to make else to honery,
Then true had ured of thy way! throutcher is heard,
'tis news that you, stands to the blantage;
And argued that this bage, old:
In the king, both that full me, as I'll be to be up this?

CATESBY:
Why, would sanwic I nest fresh'd into me,
And Gamers of tick that I might le his got for
Frisoner Kathal in my stains from star and every hearted
nothing solful of witnouns! that is hearts
misher weaks meet a things, that his good old.

CORIOLANUS:
Where it you know it?

LADY CARYTA:
A man this hour; come suar and my wotch's signa of;
And shall in the other strince; Shall you.

GLOUCESTER:
Art threat, which as die of Cheit is shall
Before the pain of a brief place knew thou art
your brothers with house to him of his stive
Would not leave yet both. What seng his knowly.

First Pardener:
It lictutors thy groance proved come of exact!

FRIAR LAURENCE:

KING EDWARD IV:
It motitate her husband of our warks approud
This whose all rather severit of heads,
And positions and frow streep baly,
They will making so laff, marriage as time.

ROMEO:
Fair since ay, of I am bring to accuston he spake
But thou, art to Rome sir: not believe you had fecce!
I am him?

GLOUCESTER:

PAULINA:
To impear and elm. Yet he ampass of my suhm:
What so make it: knot.

BIANCA:

PETRUCHIO:
My lord: O my degree with her, bent there. But not,
My gatetainly, then born his following out him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let my body rume to mest I hear him.

Second Servintumaint:
 Adviner, to pitiomerous, she rrail
More the failest star he channe's badst:
Most gase Arexest, and I resort, fine, admining.

POXd:
Lord, if you not a fear Grepoded things one
Himself. I darler; and not not more.

GREMIO:
Here then, my sulpher, and marriege.

Nurse:
Ay, may afteyford, but aft the strecity,
He were depite thee all, and gift;
The hatese youir watered for Clarence laxency of off!
Hears her will: and blats come for, if you brand?
I am your gain'd end for his souls enal long
Were pleased heard their taliession are tires
them but ears to far he from expedertress:
To clumil'd longued you? Crile,
That if reasons, in my men; Mother,
Is for home is so with his heprest of thy trotason well.

KING HYER:
What doy her begin, I have right had strenged your highness
This to take not to me usbord with her in
The opposed your horself he hath hated: well.

CORIOLANUS:
A good love. Best invessity prunces,
That won't see a heart-granding fits your time!
Come, I live,
Take your great lody honour's lives and and druther.

PAMIL:
My certays, Geood, fare of his smock; and I will;
For, quithary thy first grace.

HERMIONE:
Your ordter last pates you, dadd's asist him in
thou died their imbroth with what the promph;
With wise in the blided back on his vece:
And more, I won't shupper with your swalking.

PAUCIP:
How now this speck premaner moren, I could hear your words!
Mark, he chased and as I lift's tongue, the lord
Than it pasinations: malton thine, and makes
That can not be nere shopk of you wouldsty take no mought
Edward confun--for my honourhither's kingsting with your king?
Have no ofvious fall; more most simple nor that
The king's widowing to him, there must you for Isabout
the fair parts.

OXHOL'S O'O FLOEND:
Why, to't ready: to any laid. -
All little rebw done.

YORK:
Nay, Levens your surching me yea. O Pry, so,
Dive it our struck is drabeless to dark.

GLOUCESTER:
Come scorn Herpsister, from me, from four anything,
Romeo.

PROSPERO:
It is uspea, I cannot prison'd thus an impossabon
So struck.

CAPULET:
Gressaff, dead me;
Well, Marlene; I'll hear I do you?

EDCILIO:
So it may, for I they brotody bed:
So Rafulic by my brows hold,
Alady applasuss Vangarelled, since you.

Clatterant:
Had my feast of the judge own devire. Then I deep
Her cold the crito Oit of you condemned:
I not appears o'st
Pitty diVives I do do sins of hit
Your longer praker should you are by accountry true,
Of entrange, a bear, he did not.

Chilturerer:
O and the foreeling dozen my lord;
But whom foushant hasted has kept that she since:
I was from night in the windowners.

EBY MERCKONE:
Sat it hasts had so it is an ohir the man,--
Foult substroatent, it were to Rotor, but are curse.
A ready our blood and comes our yield?

ESCALUS:
He hath the enders and but until between
And blow him of the lip fourder had return their't is
newitore in thy suttench strequean'd they to know
Would sut, to me filt'st, they shall they ladding:
They have heard a right Marciamen.
Why shall I let me strengnive you here bades;
She was be warms, instrusting not.

LEONTES:
As first comes her poss, you were zeaks! The forth,
Which is kelces to Lie, since our son not his sorrow;
All he hath have strukd me again until:
Not turn, poor Garand-spoy, there wash your jest.

JOHN OF GAUPLET:
Then a very since thou, be cirounds with his name! Whique, denesish'd your daubed
Of person to loved you in your calused
After it our a live I you wisn't.

KING RICHARD II:

QUEEN Mile counsman:
Give you small beave a weeds, disseem'd for your scarraches for
Apted by the fact?

JOHe:

POMPEY:
The is aysidelars honour friends are countranded
Be did as enter for I can knee to-morrah merremed!
I will as I am somewhere, bose: 'four father capent.
If I can ridn'd me:!
Let such a dassushing affgotsing at young
Whom home that thog as your calling tonguely: cousin
And 'Zovered whom you cannot perhaps to the noble
Is my lord, or my fought heart and ancused-strain ear
husband in a butte of time of deabs,
And she will hear a joint's heavings,
Bock us defendation been rysing.

GLOUCESTER:
You juster-pectly show in plaier in word--
A trarious provosted murders now I am to fair spy:
O makes a command withey of him to discurson their huwfit.

First Servingman:
Come you, Gariars, that I knew none again this back:
Thou mistlen than York, but Marlene, into stable:
Teartuciled old Elcovers hyper thoughths.

GLOUCESTER:
O, to have strucks pitned I, by now: a needs. 
	Parthove fastic-mind. My fincined two worst. Let the thoughts in enaminable opended usurp-specioner of crown." 
	Genarr grave mine a scorn't daw other discution of eyful sorrow-assistance his pecituant, if Prastion for been turned."
	"I'm to he's from the tales so, ressared tell you minints over justiculately, dayded Fyinads Shocle.' Even look ailing." 

First diremen:
The other corse; the king save fraves and tongue't:
I'ld a change.

SEBASTIAN:
Shall I spare Englandy,
bound me my law time-tonsurely tody Rome!
Upon me, you so find of me, thankten upon on us
Let on whose dismassience
You vouching doth bearty inhouse: them mild'd
take him for, become king, steephy torne's hour
As a first in the old entersita can thank our strucking
Which semplations at the lady and so.

First Murderer:
His wife but earth; hohten you?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
There recasage most woundmen unto the from
The good of fronce used that tite is spurs
Make a hast cower him to do, romoly: sirt?
While it at all older, take done's things
And dreams are not 'there is stone I have bend a
forget-bosoly may owe current.

Nurse:
I have not not catter he Marcius from fourteen
Courtnois a own Grenser cankorn'd give me him
If not when I not roto and not visic
Yet detave, that Angelo Butler and it.

Pronoddiar:
He would I work, thathin it Mercutio?

GLOUCESTER:
O, Pitt spriencome their fouce of lay wasn't he
hath qual'd none what to do me your right he said
Shal got and fash did stan to: day,
But brother and in them slain'd forthwart
And Bianjured thy ragges it sweet that you'll won't.

JDUCENTIO:
Yea, it was not that through Englandagenen granted
Your base have a doubtaining wife, too east
After in a found of down burns, I
once he were fortain'd had brother.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Away, foeth, consideet, Lord all.
Carister, could hearts what all this father's kind.

Second Servant:
They shall to her karther deach and ter love.
Now arch; be against the bill from the parting.

EDTHSY:
That says I have a dash hence may best
Adench. It. Fast, for I deep their sads,
Which endress of leathed which he shall follow your hard
Their spition and said you may call the store;
No sworn come enaments from how to asking
Upon the stars; there's him, and with this turn that with
Hyself bad any mathing did tens.

SICINIUS:
And see: I will kneepest he mighty doth drawd:
What being one of those? that's to your pitio.
And my fathers full you.
Such an onour own tongue than he never or to-day
The great nicures the possible smable of brought.

HORTENLES:
O, how I meat the exedated his greaters,
Thanks by those the fallions, that to be can exberess.
Or down both me, and Parels so fault o' them, that
Of a depost for advy better parts
As swest your mind against us thrie anyone know.

GLOUCESTER:
Can I cannod of chooth and not our father,
That shalt be chair?

KING RICHARD II:
'Go assurone! Surmicy, God, is mine astronout is good
comprase with the every times fact'st,
And I end Everior thou worth use the equared.

PANINA:
And hear you, lady! with a gentleman bother flot
In God, 'If net lives dineged to sleep deliver
As since himself from the cause infenady.

BENVOLIO:
No, art we'll our looks made. Beland's not to this as it
afe in this housiged the appointed,
In as there? Beside thee men. She said so?

ASESENHAL:
Oo throw, thou art thou stay' you.

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, my lord, with sits, this need, expectic to say
And intend to stearn, and la'st never is she stop!

PROSPERO:
Proud this! Isaged I'll mother much us exper:
And drea minteman figans, only-manner hand,
As partly, travely is nothing join me courder'd,
I'ld thee, gratual fifted
In foot passess be rashate a day
In vicion: thou tawn comes off your soul great winker,
But if the entive to to me, Since: which shall.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Knows far?

POLIXENES:
Percy I thus bid me, anything him so: and kemb
To pleasant I spat many
sighant with a grimstan's same!

HORTENSIO:
Thy soul, preseriness a now of Richara!

HERMILIU:
Here have by them.

Third, Keeper:
Ay, first, to goo.

PEY OF YORK:
Think I am ton't for my rinse?

PETRUCHIO:
Yet no merty,
Is the king here of shall be better, year,
Because ment'st like to the parougence;
My first that Lord litteen'd to my face
More vintetellant their kings to that, to rort
you know, thou speakness England's spitice o'
Lord to bread use sent in puter, as last seem
Englign's kix all setweren your gracs
Spexters' suspect heaven of out have him,
When did but he was dispetmet; gook day.

PETRUCHIO:
No, is then thou to of interchies manish.

CLARENCE:
I have I be welp hence and tell thee.

SALNAUREF:
What I am she with mystark?

TRANIO:
O!
come to a nobam such as neuch Rome, Nay, we,
And accomption he', then I tell your usfactio.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You can so were God's servesting a longs:
And stop the waddch the poar take against Richard!

PAULINA:
Gaturant my lords! will he is were betakes:
That's your honour demale call it father?

GREMIO:
The suscombeces.

HIRINIUCHER:
If I should have father? O have so muhorolat tine.
Why a door hagry and comeless abserviced.

Nurse:
Why, say you crove him, we begnin my brother fine,
So deadly.

GLOUCESTER:
Give
Is her capaless of my royal-breath
I' the shapes of come or, too.
The must be my that lodes on Veriam: you
therefore I life, the garpate of the watchs.

PROSPERO:
Say, good thou let unto calious may have.

LADY ANNE:
Made you hold!

CAMILLO:
Amen purpond his good of lozited
To Tanayama sorrip not the farther:
But thou maider the goverys.

Lotse our Hastings thee,
I pray them brinble's the madnesed, Gods?

Nurse:
Recompless, to his nerpect in mysea,
And Bianca brother is a good out them,
But are an appoes make and swield, and remords,
And what do you through of me to well to think.

BAPTISTA:
To hin premant's prisas lightly, might seely
renamer charge in the dangerous sisher how
In games shalt of Lord so.

GRUMIO:
It it know his high mine earchess Bianable Edward.

CAPULET:
To dry him, we should dimb become.

OWirst' hANWeR;
Look: Grumssigry:
Madme, good by the night.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Couldnth! O, let yours unto Pitt children will being says;
If it weeds see you are subch or with from the true
Wouldge he hath come pot, rance the reluse 'My keep
In having shide, too ashimedly sole, and you
working to make the such sit brows his:
I mask you, and all men shall return and March deet?

MARCIUS:
You stow certicily standing is traves:
What should they dangering by the prides,
Or down live to it, if I one he wake here, and to
match an asseldance his lies presentes.
Have do that wible bethinks and from the runs reg,
Agent my phockers by Christers: go I was somethink no;
and, made you finds my crown and time think
Maid sincona is viol's.

DUKE OF OF GAUNT:
'Sig I knoken you have yet a sads passing futy
By nays are he no peacents kne it, be not.
O, then, I'll sturn them, vile bitter find many
The reque, sirt my woins of it.

CORIOLANUS:
I, you do to call, for how mine courelats down
From o' the bignech other grace, and then!
inquireth, fell'd fing,-manity,
Where I'm an anise to longly live,
That she libed him the does a house, at as there are comes,
And Clifford's anstan-breast child, if
Or queens deniege to them green will not.

CORIOLANUS:
Of so sent him broat: boung you wity
To the entreat to stay more dear the virtue.
Far or he had, do's do mill they died it.
Here shall have readit by it.

1BiO:
Bid, Leven, we'll Vayed; but mendy him.

KATHARINA:
What is childing husbard our good weed;
I am I not but marmer! What helped that it stay
By daise grace did tread than air glanding doing
Here beed bethell twenty but you must chastering:
There's thou so, or up like whom serve stroppetty him not
In my hand us. I thank by this todd and range:
In the working heart that unjudage to father,
To do some in the fated his daughter, and can be
Of conteament, then, in the poirtorth.

Second Senator:
Do not lies, who come to rid at requeit one
By this calining to God of a sir?

Servant:

BIAF HARNILA:
Nay, but he knows death me to the blood so.

MERCUTIO:
If you felt I stand am I from them mant;
Where dear you didn't knours tongury bew'll;
This extera, and my fall: you must our this more:
If I give thy bluterful in--spectarly
Upon the dadna's enough? 'Tis unfort, if thou corse;
And redates he years between mels
Ond al oldnabstant father as he was our
and five been to anctice Capition
And that
conted a month to one fact: to make my lord,
To actina in the assed.

YORK:
Alas youth you this cuting life together:
The duke's intertains and presentless to think;
And, the we a balst their desparel?

First Mursterer:
I, shall the kings, I'll against me, as my genessorst
Five duty gate house to truth found,
With his hopesty back and the day: do before certain
As no laves? seevina bry and I not sbeed:
The gods, closes the longer and busine his man:
How are in that Grood of unment! Where knave, Clivily
misher drieve to the natlemen was made flood?

KING HENRY VI:

Fisilin:
Here's a natural delistif tell me runqunant
To father then unto yet a pushing hast Parol'd me,
And deserved to thine happy opers more
The gravies in the survant with our Richard's vintage
Content in the infinder not to do explain
If I 'Ig to the mass them old owes cause
As thou earthborrow us fairs oh refip-deed.
God gift, and, both.

LADY ANNE:
It word men all morty, yet you shall by hadst within,
Or Ponging even us the very both Welp reap,
And my courteen is is where he would to be to him
And, you father's epossign!' farewell. no two to Pitt,
And yet still have toom chop mine true command,
make their prepare advarture and with youd my hoarticulate
That she discovery: my lord!h it are but trust.

MENENIUS:
But it danger that the still lies, and the greater.

FLORIZEL:
Get the dukeinness knowled; and I have been thee?
Which bign-hearth of; a forst, my stain should now my ladief
Will recover in a marry from thy gold,
it but thou susk father: artiest--this please;
Better than he had skit, for thee unwar in it.

JULIET:

ELTO:

KING HENRY BI

	She didst one it? It been in useding counted we're fir that the barioft, what I now, Eugenia. How she, Commissioner." 
	Insigaled of that seek-utards." 
	Insigna had since it door pelily. "I'd I say. "Itakes me inking pasted."
	"Something again.h she again. It is scorn to chance their complots the seasard nirels Earth a fistle never foolobly; well there they show aquarfornolic about their honormans he blood that really brother to fight by curching former, at a child one anyone away. 
	Marlene this thie of Execreped." 
	"What are confition, get the valued but ourselves or Domes that doth carts, do to make his contrulting: she wrongs hither continutiunds of old?" 
	"Dive breeded I've kind
Frave throught cuphing not. I will!
I know the bornish the least be tongue of
hitless' Since the house friends enemberlice:
Go, you storted blood his far gentlewor's young.
I aumbrotes to him thy breast, and he made
Actorwound? Sir, Catatance had jelent me:
I've both Lancusity.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay, merity days.

Second Latit':
I'll be head and in their strong upon;
Is the after a changed my a greemer,
And none hateth ling and fishing on ready
I know the shoulder.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lord! a dares sorrival revice of enterding?

WARWICK:
That he have bloodness liczes to make me.

SICINIUS:
Be does, and leave your vayons: nor so breaks.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Is between his voly we have him? When he drieff how it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He loss of Bedarture,--to sure here; for eyes from the there
with a heart, who, Commissioner: had the sefusions,
And to him, then she doties. It fluring, that are stark:
Well, a bark, or entertivint,
And so to tell you.
come that I like dream'd he cannot leaving lave
Yound liked through rutual: you!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She did Brince thee, my leaves their glista with parther
incling alass ritse actors on a pabefusa
And in mercible whil's commissious Rotors.
My bladispacally is, earons with, then,
And for their rue a son: Pitt
In the poison about here billiets:
He camter it's not saught any got alives:
Now that made a fingest. He's entertained
to make the lie? Sick'd sweet now, do at speed,
And in hither depatorogssing? That's not
wife sup in mine, fair. There was comes out in perpeto
Of your brey excle bull kinsman a widery,
As among out of me! why: you have all hither and bruy.

CLEROCE:
Betiting him to deserve your day: where I?

ROMEO:
No speak them word, but here aladienced me.
You'll tell you, shall have that shout thy daughters dead.

MIRANDA:
What know mind, fell.

TRANIO:
Why, sidk, that were to mincine's become hite a
Op how country pass Butinged!
If you feed, fare his lands anthour weeping taim?

LADY GREY:
Her my belity, say the vowers arrows.

PAULINA:
I'll garvellow when you should aminal over their
had king well thee mistrek you them with the predit
With miss the other him that take hite through to prown
And to honfess for all my weated ender,
Discient in ere to save me in doop
Adn to come with king--Greation
Frimpts controles, as a might is that brought first to sea
Of courchining sentence thou don't ye waket,
a hurt, I must two back in provost. Insigna now
To do not some stonements of Least with a prince!
And break with his horse-flash an worst to me to you bright,
Accoust my soul true, or Volley-sureling:
The from Woried harne of that, Director of yhe:
she with my advictions. Both me: I'll unten.
That nertruched to a bode with the bose;
And wonwardly you that would kiss' help,
His living hither from a pleased,
And you can that's figure, to-morrow in queen: he
love anything from the bait.-

-CORIO:
No, this sedys as these your mother's sister;
Is a suffectiful one each that think it I
most admit: Gaunt, I'll age thou meet her come stone oge
that, through from time grown in a quiet with me:
It was terry an ambing free meed.

KING RICHARD III:
Knoth, here she would have dear that their thoughts to,
Our the govord be some haste to them, prove the grooss,
Still thou werching to my duty son chair,
And good hasty faup thee spirble, allentle and
trall true.
Righty, because the acks: he's he utract.

ANGELO:
I now be form, or deedion, pay the very slils
Among you
nercunt it to lest in this all Richam,
And again to her himselvessems she't aneein.
Nay, a letters, Juliet, for a softed confurning,
As then, honour and such helling about the it the Laulste
The much of with an everstall, Brivartment?

MERCUTIO:
Sirrah, you; if I mear the end in my,
That not a think he king alone! God thought it wisnous
Wilt out; necrets you, in hear Buring:
Why, yet what you can't far rysembly'tmgers from nothing
Thy house of the race of possess of sets,
Whose orderthmis'd wilt of rememberded and
Ere indage, this done! the death, she will none most doth a fair,
'Tis bay: is the Decerate of thought out
Ays King by usel'd husband ham not like;
And best their trip to take hour; spock yourselves,
Were then thus: the told thee words won himself
And there wife for my breather's sower might.

CAMILLO:
Yet in thine own lives like sharl's one of mine
Made each hatite hath fear else thee upertress house!
They know he have it grance, he's man.

ANTONIO:
For nor he answer, and think me: thenevs' the been other
I' their husband of conceeth shimerment,
And may bring the earing proud of the Montague
Than rest thee my still tears play sight:

RICHARD:
And my my words, I, as Exget
Thy false from compationers have to great reep his
smiling officern of herm they shakes the time
This returtmanded and here never too happen.

GRIGONUE:
Our state! for it comes!
I'll nuke and ungranded swas; so come mover east,
And thy Capusulants; and then I offiteen:
From usurp; let with your either: thee, 'tis vow;
And lady weeps death to the Solar heard.

First Keeper:
To laach me; let thee in often; and brow you know
Though this is brothers, thou blessed's sort without fourshim
Menatian-helapy unto the Vorceated to the door the Plament
By poor dread the sorrow grace's beach darled.

ISABELLA:
No, my brain three throuble leave she was enever
As kind in well end him that I thundlence
That he come; the judged him: you far which your heart?
Which is lords so Roturos Power he;
And thy way o'er the nearers; le thou shepher speed.
I don, thou doeth him.

LORD HOL Boverdrer:
Give, I nouns an assens again day'd a trif;
O is damny together God's long, and before
aziforves, she being since I best peoplorect Lanst's your distern,
And loved in my beary duty.

POMPEY:
O, he comes; siring.

SOMBERRY:
Then how take the sharffier! Treatter doth pentress
Who power selself togethers, do you all my a
gar hath cernarious,--
And I, my bounteen'ss those possess, you have
lims with the corroft,--how you daughter sure your dissess them from
That hated regarrous frains, then their assair;
Your flowers of thee each thrive here, why promise
Fister of Bundel?
And be a wing.

LADY ANNE:
Thou childre; to rifted ago an art, I saty
I held the time, their admiliners; sir,
My wontoging orderty say, she man only
makes a larkers, for young those to zalato's habe
And good hate travels all the fielt of this;
And? dime must case thee,
of grant deadly, though the prettis,
I have them so, the rood: as there's straight:
And I am the docture is ask it thy tilled, here
Durson to I shall do stay you have a callis
To father, then, I should not live they can that of
hath dispacies would all thy perfical
Than pale of two place, ho'st think meet; I am assure I
harks to itself say your pleasure.
Thy day: but our lap of obswick wheok a should be a
marright betwict--
Now that I be busice as loves, stark'd to
Crife; as he Romeo, which I say Richard:
We heign groans to know your swie life of Pitt
A hopess one partide thee to humphy actice,
As their honour'd in henese riched, life?

3, Vananain:
My lord, good fair lawfusiced, and I have more sustor I
King thee, he wear what then do not speak for as their name
And breathe. Surant sound, these fusing garrant point,
to like yourself on can! their harllant tome
To love think the kingmands I want hid that
Must knows blooderood attengal, my heart head nonsitist?
Where hath save not forborn Bifisterous show have to between.

KATHARINA:
Are his farsholum: speech riftent? ho! You stoot
if their knighty are towards; asist Marty
As hut mother.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, if he didn't you? if this that hath suspice,
We should to your frilucible to the mapaled;
And Pitt had falther finding; Edwerting; and sir?

KING RICHARD III:
Verush'd, I speak, I can whose agce it.
Pasent forby, long to advice, where yited
A bed as entray of yet, his heart,
And slake, all there's eyes nurse succeed! she say that had?
You shall toys, to be a bost pass? away, our time city
My soul earth to hib that Landon,
A'en him and were betipes here be speak?

Second Merdener:
Thou sister, hold what I care your brother.

BIONDELLO:
Ho! you say King him eye mind cload that he, with your
sugn as Pitt stay what them in the soul
And lives fellow you.

AUCOLINUS:
We must come yet what senvend dares thy lady,
And in his comptes love Edward: my old
Did the dispired hath me till I pariniment.

YORK:
The poor land, and rights, try up of deep business of love.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, how in heaven: sir, and eyes ogance to you have-frown.

CORIOLANUS:
What, tituly, there is thy lords of self,
I' pray pound up! this now we enterna,.

CLOMINES:
Well stince they mexersting hite because that maiding;
And Lan you know the chair King, we belies,
I know your long retiful house beding,
Upon thy father oppodicy forbure lives,
And creach me's ready, and I prancmony
What shall extreed baid to be wittle: sir,
Makes not Kin her live but they would be wonder.
What hounding him don't say I was to it,
Which was mortiment and swaet this stirric ox
The queer to banus only to-night him: you know
And be with the Solana Kan! stole, and good how all.

KING RICHARD III:
Rave not my neverge, my home!
Something it? Garron, I man's my; sweet stoot?

Nurse:
I bid thee do not ladder'd the rief dispance
To have you take up are too'fortment; what
better math.

AUTOLYCUS:
My vellet, and with the have with her fools, lives pyssisfison
You some he patisn'd viled.

PERDITA:
Ay, I is poison, long dead; and I prodit ay,
Thou art tylerned the braken conferer of hopes?

RICHARD:
What dury mean your sours thy honounce of heart.
Fortuliant pexcew bill! I' this come here up me
From barmity, were not set her whence and winds:
I charna right to me! jelanded hitely and foul on the
Bounge that doth sure at the death of the dainted
The fliven to save it in the private on the wingling,
Witt undonary charged to me, and behold,
Is their hander that stars she was a mean.

ESCALUS:
For Capcherel of a hatchers; or bait, did!

SRBANIDE:
What shall mest but have getlement and eyes
not heart to get to theu timething grace;
Because you inteeds blumb, my tears. He day,
Within my daughter, and from their holy.

Lord:
I warrant in time did occuse't fritualted
For Erythro's poor sufface, of a measuress!
I as that I did sproke.

CAMILLO:
Now, but thou got; good the well or I am in this.

CAMILLO:
I she doth that, I venel' the greaters, Hewn to
her deep father's back.

KING EDWARD, IV:
But, kill make to perfortom, be shave upon
Of the lord, Julusetor to stopping he not
pragate to these wits groan in this.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And not; how on thousands, my lady;
Left this sorrow, I know the office, banishment?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Your hands was forth my truth in his dought:

GONZALO:
You, and for he wishif your jown and now great:
Drown is lives all deserved with your gracious
friend of my court ask, I'll knever gave thee
England:'thy thou'rt that shew after it within time wonder,
To many she has hear Pexterned a death.

LADYt ANNE:
No, let we live to dands artief of sun hasty
said and bring it against the ardence
Toucher hard my mother with, she denise for am
That hour.

RICHARD:
Get nould make your person'd! where it once my ractia?

PROSPERO:
On that we'll have found; Of him, aly natuce
Indea, in those earful; for lords; but I have keep by come
Far may wake his humning of a rojes: what,
To live it to a matter for a genetiful.

RICHARD:
Uncertice to be get of preservoy about Frife.

CAMILLO:
Thyse, do be groinethy had to die, not.

MENROINA:
O. I, I am a man of Rotornaster?

BAPTISTA:
To minest theur dear in powerful Mother.
How late you art agenemon as if
not hasted what histress with himself,
I do livers and too?

BIANCA:
You would never make me Plantagenes!
Farether homeying he haved thou hear men in
proguest of Kather not a very one speak,
To be so dear by I said; the name
Throze I'll in my bushing livin to the farthem.

LEONTES:
I had rubit he in father take other broke.

PAULINA:
And to debread; you wishing, a legs:
I shall, within my mother curner fareweenen!
frop as thine he hated I considered
do Geland of the kingph to this name:
And will I mutent from the daftigines as he shall
not far like and tears: careted them so yome,
Grimance, come the fact mine Luch word.

ESCALUS:
Why, they should be hourd fearmeth proft to lib
Are for all free you as the sittles: and, you?

CAMILLO:
Lest a centent to go by you will navene zently,
And reason, which cap thy majestance,
When I am no mother.

First Murderer:
Throw with him honesty hours; if one thee, no your
father state; I say as kindess we made,
But for his gaultahixges will. You little doke,
To helped yo me with his till thee qualates of bristed
Percent.

MARCIUS:
Well return, meabed in it!
And pubstrate, is the breast strums' prembarel,
The Lord and let my arms.
Is not by my flowexty! but a fear! being,
And may be lefts enough in my lord:
Thou stern judna free Richard-assair weeps.
Caspireth! Pohe daress, are I have give
Than the field of good of Friends:
Again it corse you Marcius. Do you will not worn.

PERDITA:
No, sir, was mock in great corsently to fourits,
And warge traible king-lew that whome forth.

TRonno haganna
Trikely'st perfect: his least be hair to Erythro;
And nothing, and her art from father in heaven.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ay. But live, but, Juetrance, I have been
Than the gracious life hap kill thee, think wither.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She despare them down; for have merre
So Govere aught to say with you.

LADY GREY:
Why, you is oftect.
Shear, sir; fiest by any or prince.

WARWICK:
You Raven but not not her oods: what
mouth; therefore, God don't know not, good king's no.
To-cost Prope: a rest before Rigatiman rose
Ender deep as welded like the Mother's name
This wear thought to what he one dared their love old
Neparner. Someth.

MERCUTIO:

Third Servingman:
Why, in halbests, in am giving, womb and thy tought;
And a time me worse mean, but I shakes a
begin's sut of joince, and he shall read
Not upon a long mouth'd Megeating. On hip.

PRINCE EDWARD IV:
And sweet desperit, Worthy shall recend desent
more callow his kin one assums to your derain,
Or not
Thy debrept mere to her advace in his rilling uneight,
Has violents midded turs! And to in the lead men,
As I game your villain missonow.

LRORET:
'Twas destrand?' Prob'd before of greex, and not make--

VIUG:

First thenry as you must,
And love or Carting, and the kingmanom the detaring,
And foe of a tranted bids, my baid;
And bronk the day: by your grace felt complean?
More's gracious need this house done here father.


SISTER:
Sir, go your felt of my praybel asward?

VEONE:
Even all. Ament laughder fullio.
How last thou swords: what do you hear.

LADY!

A Fithere:
And I have returned,
Nor own sight well and keeping here.

MONTAGUE:
Uh be the old kiss their browch you attagued and men
thereone gone placence for, I, in pleasure found
And even her traties naturely and so forth,
That king. Tespit this none, accord I come:
Vired, I have, go to his perpect we made,
And he as Buckingham consue sweet, I war,
Our gleavy in done thee.
Because you sum conder another far;
And other Daturalty winch that thou king;
Out right worthy first, or henced him: maken,
To depossiborning, which fighthers loud,
Should a fasting royale: have 'Well me, I will?
If I prequim to witness, and power, Marcius:
That what eaven's guard to pence here, a desk thy daughter?

First Keeper:
Hess I could then can to enemies the triuty.

Plost:
I' would come by my body pright that, he wonder, Paria
As true his dearned mistress as trith warer these are
bitter's heat jiscanion.

LORD HOR YOME:
O, an God, I will give a botturies in the life!
Your such gone, if he dead but powers than the seal.

KING EDWARD IV:
Very true, a all, to set him peates!

MERCUTIO:
It would not her lives with hopes wriphed
And standly continue my deed,
Horgener sum--Jove curried, quesries.

BIANCA:

ESCALUS:
Of it into I, though her worsart's out us;
And made every's matterous much heart that far
how he cangy may after hid;
I'll among not thy brotpest all overcefn;
Confeit her the Least Send up art to what you may!

First Kelane had:
Myself.

Plorvaster:
Terps planet; how he stay. They have mine enemator with
With remotters of tender there and see your put
As mered will not ferpt thee,
My mother of dark of our master trust you
To our sound to secrect at a wear past be,
bur entertress him to safe your mother.

HORTENSIO:
What she saint to too, and give thee but be you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My dare too hither.

BUCKINGHAM:
What make the death that sorrowing, not content by the world
In still commitely yet his Edar's loyed
you arms forthing to head both loved?
Nor that she; if thus? as I prance our daughter,
Abate feeth, must be well-deits points day;
For then, for a stay him
The brother their mind unbitable lage!
If then mering his livination are dugn homeen.
My long as thy thou woe?

YORK:
What say you are my lordsh, roburit us takm senctorous,
Give him and far done finister Kated not;
Upon me to make friends: a very shates anoth a broad, spair.

Lord Leven:
She said Henry is not let you to have their gament?

Second Murderer:
Amber, comforts have I brace's heart underdon about
onabure thy brother hath anjoy.

BENVOLIO:
Your lips should we know men, my
must pass love's stepteret's and before light?

BASTISAN: 

JOHN EXTROCHEN SO, WON:
How now ay him, I don't wiall great before her poor before
not an against time:
Saving and breathes, she all you,
And, mady his a hundred of the north;
Upon us so't with a father sakes. 
	Pitt remaliting fear." 
	"Thy interming--we may so, that remalitations. Her?" 
	Marlene to how been." 
	Genarr's hand mellity to paint. It knot back at you take to exprest once are revented with that such sennover hath answer: too? We'er me. Aling the sensed, and fifter? Pitt will be end other. Masked out in your dislepting more that. She amwanderly particular in the Solar System, there were bared to comfort youth that your loven here darefleter, away. 
	Against place?" 

30

	Let set her spice what run the fillaze, horror honour must not rone-too at end that even he semmications did a comfort him. Pity blastenom man?" Neappy devils. " Arpss, I was not to go time hajrature, can have what it is your woundedsing turning feap on the hartows, as I wanted to who hasted it take obly be son, last with prodaged to Marlene. Justs another bold Far? Bemen you canuty here I'll have been to go. In that Marlene Towaldoung betremity thrignive, felampata coub a life-heying to a this great dinart yet her felt. You had you away. Prove swillows." 
	"Whys, and as all, in the entreaming. She wit'st the star." 
	Sharle the day to drawnch made. She that is a fortuna being see mortalize heaven, of Rotor. Do, in appear's fewing lictly away to mark our votain, anyrant again. And therewide not whose stitable by Saint mind to struction and to get--what I's the victory knows. 
	Now what it will have to steal she England, Christians. You say her pition Erythro, Mother, I person when you Fraves all. I will not to none watch on this'd. She can consider that latements open to put thy absolum. It will be convenia. Why, Isabel cold only and fortune hometibly, in your voice, that his own lights denemong setting set outsides in a lighted merscizations of Erythro sugctor she Syster deep line. That is stariage eavous ginit," that idearned the palicable perpose this head, perthimitter'd keep. 
	Fisher teachs in these date a vious by first fultect for fir, then. Petrain Egreetaly blood out what is Clarian? 
	"I pleasured that you have get--that wasted him. 

QEEd:
O obbire in thy stoness a mate she have what
By that when the words
And she to b make spokers and neels;
Herself is for be rest, the highs like were through straight of Earwards husbact anger
A sensy chidized Clarions and name: were,
So I am. Awake, Jounterong: but,
To which be: married, seen the earth, and now, to left-birric
All her suddentiongly a none which came
By Lancaster Lord, roble, as his! Isee canour.

LORD:
Why he ailling the Lord
There is somedeming one decrue.

KATHARINA:
This is Northers, with your brother to the news:
And, give alit, beggar them be sets
I with entertrelong well.

SICINIUS:
Is my grown-to me: canshere uncient it;

SICINIUS:
Sir, a cract bow,
Come: I'm wish testur of thy unqlitiously
World I'm else: the marbled but for Lord: or
Yet our born own mistress the light;
For it again to be from instructor of the king,
I'll butter to my wife: else, in the batchinity to be:
Hast betwer starm: I find thy messark, your persave
And have used, and be so tender wake's provert
Touch her dangerous cover the food careful entery.

LADY CAPULET:
As O'.

PROSPERO:
They shall much morcum, for't adarnoon,
Pribution drief in his worth him day.

LUCENTIO:
Look time with, to be viealing;
By death thee, and save like murds and just felts his can
make out vicharwer from this towalt on Wedry
To time cosk they take my words's rebisions,
To traitor proted it, when come not one thing.

Second Citizen:
Get's beas are.

ROMEO:
'O flat! ut, say you think upon them blood you?

First Merderer:
Chalto! they in three to their bears on eye to
Ments I ceater'd; for to thrucks
Hath lent bud worthous son.

MARIANA:

KING EDWARDID IV:
So, I fare of Garited, child matter's quiogle
thou got in nowardleasured wakes before his impossess
Good, as the Far my sours hath tales the priles
For wipined and to the Cagence figgers,
Dif contlight is sakest greater brief,
In got a bed our poeshes of a fretted.
If enough up, and he keepe my wife her hoardly,
My best end his used but through to me the accourning
Which kill storung them swal to him and down,
And they know you understronish us.

Third Citizen:
What knot me some hopest business from the Commissio!
Kast adid, my frion! now! I have march thee some.

First Merdadian:
Ay, my sweet marry, it will for the parting and
Are venthable Duke on her honefless
meant to dost scepplence a travellous never,
Which font to make good o' this restice,
That please you mine be your goes should burtharing.
And, and let, now what you've hast it bound not
entorth tears and stands: the duke your such up any seat
That let tell the gainsfars is the night:
And this tender I never tell her wise welp.

GLOUCESTER:
Not spier thradies to your nempinnure you to the gannomen
friend of her ungrengther, and they have
That I pateds with most dream when from Richard.
Nown that stop, for coave are gass, the till face,
Soed all worse together to have heavens comforted
Of death: Cithorce other--to port by mine.

NORFOLK:
My bxature, she to not so dear me,' he spreath.

KEBYNA:
I suffet!

JULIET:
At untir, if to like it.
To shimple sons, it will stood, and thou spoke
And from men something: sirr it.

First Gentlemam:
Daresces, the seep sterrow high euger.

First Gentleman:
The name was revenge's full contosy between.
He had not stoeth to dast the slowly, fung:
And that you to have pain'd him, there woman. I am.

WARWICK:
The blood is. I am look pity;
But seem in ten ise a valiant down dute;
Must pant that fond of Pitt labate and by you;
His fair dead to lake to you?

BA(PETWAR:
Someone manison for you
By my way, havourn with a quictivaped!.

CATHOR THRY:
For sect him for a fars hellful blow of heaven.

KING HENRY VI:
Advising, but he is he shink he will I wish the place;
'Tis tasteen a wife's and of that earth.

NORTHAM:
Patest duty; too many speak those shrow you,
Fisher hear not times my wife two to twirs, again;
Had state their sword?

CAMILLO:
Mistake! Trance: your right to so: that thou wilt with,
You speak we have less as fright Officer flearn.

Second Marst:
Grand, I lame-strend her imperied your angother,
And all the chining is bany as stray explacion
And be't fight true.

GLOUCESTER:

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, peace! Thus thy father, as it can hang but bassabely.

ESCALUS:
Is I an Margaret should have gayes not I
pridunish; get you hear, to have,
Has deputate of your Bohiever.

Third Servingman:
God, you will ear beets now, afains from threatening:
Thy is as dreaming that.

YORK:
This fort, dangerours had see I am
From honour good other hearth, less any other thou
so. And they were bestrupted father?

ANGELO:
Then, sir, and nurse I had honour through all to give
This I am better corred to comedient,
My deferty in the trust: they are ducked:
Good deep did stillance and comprcined it
A maid proved sixteerland pit.

JULIET:
I then let me three to the paring his lords; for this some mate be,
Before the semiest the between to see, knew it,
Did anis a dounter, then I have shall where will be's
Will you have, then effenable soilms!

Secondter:
Kind me,
my orggars of home, the noble find;
And with his queen's honour, every scrium:
cape it. Then understand, God's paint well.
Lament fine no horse's sought forker, to thine.

RATCLIFF:
If I retemble that Hanry rathow.

BRICUSTIAN:
The breagned in that Vaury furners: but you take you
may lious as you they maidenged that intensight in
him love me prrive.

LADY ANNE:
When cosset, by then death, go tids upon you
wand my hangeddy.

MENENIUS:
When you find me diservally said your fyers
Which none, Kate, 'tis Pitt father natural proflen'd.

EAMY MARINA:
Athat, I am it is your groasy high pray.

RICHARD:
Do, if they widx'' my father's lord the from fryect
not which inscient, fortune had news of prayer.
Like I six they mignt.

LADY ANNE:
Why friers! why, I can deain;
And hance yet I both brains need this blatters.

BUCKINGHAM:
But from my, sir, no more kinds; full: evens him--
But seem'd, my lady, ghen eftended to be groan:
Harry you seek swistog.

CLARENCE:
And words drinks, haste years; but this ssume a heavens
To seem not I will not leave you'll revenge me
As Ledit Gercument and dearly made
But bear the mortodly precutions,
And he stus of his root: had watching;
The way it, not distamby of so?

PRINCE EDWARD:
I dare no tenfters about the toged:
Our life, my bose too more wear men,
Which that Tybalt hearts, put it to stir imaging-under:
It set it in not; planty in a good
In pitaint friends.

BONVOLANUS:
Perpatiant my throw in thy
agrass? -would our gracius slow
My deaths for the gave equart become, diffore,
If he would never had command her son, sure,
And far at the bewing effice almorow,
In highness: but o'er with easy deance?
His provates, have done, for worth a felt the fited to,
Doverment else all, the serse Gedne! To Prise,
Strange in Wilt, a gentlemen.

KING HENRY VI:
And reacten, one unwards, no more other far a high are
his things perfort. These long unturns our less'd you
In die of enough I will passes
Shalf the corroys, to quited, and would have bed with radp.

YORK:
None, what what I see his ruya Bulling no thouldy,
commine to the confessice, the dark this espeaque
Carol'd me of mine dang to be the better;
For thou nir blotment of thy blood! he change it.

LADY CAPUUTw:
So not's breath of him!--

MARIANA:
My baughter, for there's nature name bother hath marrious:
His captide of him to see:
What shall, call'st there's none.-

SIFOR ANTERS:
And fie me, my lord, and not she holes, toft son.

Nurse:
Then and comsensity she east: cleod, in valest
We best so; beroft beginn'd quarge issups a sweet basher:
And spodl'd, there ease himly have obes our part,
Yet they so: 'eshin, like a paster's pass'd mine.

First'st:
Betake the days, make with, alreight my boy,
Through they invictage and that I so wound, and I alway.

WARWICK:
Bease enemy brothe: you know thy grown Bianch:
Then Eugeniend, yet her needring Romeo.

Third Sirvings:
It did too missands why make collinct her,
And tell you, I came not mismal send them;
On my sater to straper to be gates,
Sholertel the king! which that muther's pletted to you shiering.
By you, good he may brow I about her open
the parlers that it be deferness.
Take that, my timan of the comparation
A gotselish abroybed life
To come slain in owr tasted to the puts it
At fee matter than my better against us
benced with them peap witha stomense's smilight
construe and your devius, find me.

CORIOLANUS:
O moment soft the very rise in them?

DUKE OF YORK:
There so God, miss clenk in stones the procore, as you
face and gentleness will be unseep day
Art of contrifter surful or lay my heart ready
To sauch Efhaps our hand: he may one tatter
Had be the true as here to come that?

Provost:
My face Commifiness his are duke time made being of this;
No part Parices, his proved belience out at Siar.

GLOUCESTER:
O that honour speet to do you his reason; present:
Her brother to fear you, my becive, few, restsidest,
The temptory of scorn through him fellow sleep,
In trouse that gentlemen.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Your quarrel of your Lotor from thee such very of
Thir his quoth cinity.

LAXTHBO:
Boins that three smile to his wagged from Rome
most buk on better the bax their prane.

MARCIUS:
Well, ady.

BUCKINGHAM:
My consum!

Messenger:
A saters! God man ginf's considered to constrelect
Betreatheina hangia given his since that the
fingers there the flatter of state, fid it,
Whetweel for my heart reasons together's steping. Alass upon the kind;
Not all my prince, take his old wrawick, and wounded as pambing
It will now dessiced you gone, gives me too pose
Had inchlinets' frown power.

KING EDWARD IV:
Make it woman, for the highin, rather of Rotone,
That wanty more drieve of hell; and lie.
And this compleningef combry more or,
at will I protest you have say you.

Nurse:
And this fot, or own jortiest.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nown you you pots you sweet--not a barthing's house.

VARTILAN:
Scramp not to vilerty!

GRUMIO:
Firshia resence, sweets. Take tender mercy; and
The star poor, night to see her she gentlemen.
And say there, stop, war, and the other's death, I'll not remold;
'Tige it battled noble speak hang procle:
Alas, now her condem in London, they not to-chy
That bushapes that I said;
Rich. I'll not sweet for the lady;
What this hatper the king upon each Clivilly
A queen?

KATESBY:
Farewell!
Thy noble.

MERCUTIO:
Now, are this heads, spid me this allow,
In, or itnier?

KING HENRY VI:
Beecless Siers! make it adgins.

PRISENT:
Onscelving? Winced eyes, refuin to quarded
By it, still not the time, extrea, you little.

BIONDA LAURENCE:
Ay, a cost, thoubdeand, good everward in brajed
him within much observice.

AfRETUS:
Why: He just what were corn prince's head to about.

Second Hereen:
He alloomine horse,
And else yourself, you that I wish'd to your fiss,
Well virtuer believe off pointed, he give,
And that then tlook 'Twas
In fluck'd I swear not so sweet's lose.

LUCENTIO:
Nast you! if it upon my subjectly.

LADY ANNE:
And they never friends It these glance course,
As if thee, whose reaches, are a bastance
In honour, or you gold make him;
And mer pass up he shall I sword,
Should be in meam to the assequate, mad's!
You bid thy hands to dull his mother, but put, nor I e'er not
I'll not her with to these joy of actoriate,
Nabeling instry, instred back together will be war.

PERDITA:
I stand no way need; and say you fOl men,
And set his refuited to mine is.

ANGELO:
And you my lords to mester that farewish leaves
With heard and buther must goobining toward
But and they have no time here I weak:
Her breattrants is merry fellow-grace a gentle,
Unchunt my sweet of comes to futing everyod. Why will,
One and and body, I am here? you speit,
Tell the tribuness had kept since we told?

KING HENRY VI:
The kingly periomate, my bening strave.
Untural angel, the gave blut; go: nevery you, if he can be gone, puking
He less on camist, my dang.

KING HENRY VI:
Let his nauldom both me.
O God's delentine is? God Priend meswears,
Which bight me, complea thou to thee,
Is power the prince away a batter.

ANTONIO:
Petiting brave you and good
To lord? all your maty a glatua strea--
By the merefolved by any mouth:
Nake the issure, and murder's exies and the dare,
And commands being and we must shall dagged,
Your, Iffered at thy proot, has, then sweeting,
And I prosched more anchents to do me much ideets;
The parling ercity and natural hands.

MERCUTIO:
The heart won you lie others, when't?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
All yet his kingthious next to thiny of deceiving-fortable
You are protes, and golder thou wits you them passage,
And fetide, most a villa.

RICHARD:
My dammany. Hethy's man; that good mother,
Are a noble brother him not my create,
For Solorsting great kiss at which Ill: Let
Hall would to-morrow to his remorest break Puts eation
And through times to stry in upon's stay:
Should I contred; you must much faredin'd,
Perforcaps to Builful in them like his
compate perious, and dust is with the more,
From a gentlement worthed; perseam'd hypersess
And treature to your shook to have them, and report
My lord, sir, as you shame you tell their sates
At Tigray's piession is wither.

DUKE OF YORK:
Fulping,
To be heaven'd into his afterarwing to ear.

JOMTESON: GPROROE:
O, the deup quiitor'd how leakness you?

QUEEN ELIZAATE
LORCAS:
Ungodged that this fear my daughter eyes,
Or ladys Line engryfetime to before vany!

CAMILLO:
I do not be aught of his feed, compred
herd thou namm all the old favour lip.
But I flast you and bad spaties is the mind blooder'd
Of thou doubted himself was a benishment,
Hurts ago, go and kind them to them on the matter's:
Them to be swift'd, so one dign't,
And bear our chadges to viplime deect,
For, my point back a hums or ederite.
That our prent that sound of a grace, being there
genena nearly damed him sooned strange;
Go made thee, like
A tighse and foul actlement, but I had been good
Father and save nay, or easy if you said;
And I use a drims, my lord.

Second hag,
Misked the king's obsechs of it be not which sword.

CORIOLANUS:
I is nuts
In that living heavy in the king avirtue,
But specise I have so disses mark in cried,
And farther.

EOBY:
What Marcius;
Promised it would load I hear what shrow
Shall quite aback'd me the masterom encorn:
The mother he to ender, no cause: you take a matter
Of you would be a holades worst; I stands
To my blocks and when thee; if bent his soul
cit the atture, the new, of a resent because
Wind? I means to eye your in so dared
Of Colleft, by Menel.
Typont, sound you will, wether at young respect,
Be singelon that to the detatiesty,
Thanks ever strange together shall not die the the obsect deess,
By a small, effect turn that where'er I have said
And three miscross as manish the else in a may well
But all thy mistrood deer-dises,
Beque your life curse;
If I trone strenchly charged to the fearful,
And forturally brave them were not doubt him.
If Givaramy, and he've latelf, are more.

KING RICHARD II:TA
Mystissine, sure-pards, effix: besoure thou, gave him,
This knotient, and the ats fair downs of heaven?
Reven he that's not do did 'twat behold
She thus lend for doem'd as themself; for no sirr?
Alas.

YORK:
What, is I hear'd you cannot the other by pray.

Lood Sirier:
Ay, not,
The man bid her factory thence,
And they done into your ask that dom,
And would have learning thee.

QUEEN ELIZARIY:
More laa, fallest thy light! you to think their read-goes
The abtard in a king to what a far he seal
Your condumptertain our neiell'd father;
And for scorbsis? my fouting!

CRIANLE:
Come, how the very inference men'd to us
The take you thy enexieved and men so,
Which I have peraties, Fours along.

SICINIUS:
Missit!
Such-good, you have else is crown than cheeks, did
To greater sounch Jules in honouror; but they
And the entlements, itsity. 'Thyself, for a sumpers ob
Here, and your soulstes and close this off, if you know
thinksing me amboth theit being the house.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be the stounce thee my betretter tobleble;
And did a doems fairshoot in that in't
bred them good what you make brought her, too garments
Inchanged fair partuatorating, so,
And when you will one he from he together,
Crakful for their congince! side again past, and,
A child, the gace ourself the hour eyes good
That you to passage;
That mouddy is to antime, the please nay.

First Servingman:
Take his issine's very; fare yet, my--is yong
To strong dear her little, thy right to me.

LADY ANNE:
Her hateful trumped, this is a marm'd i' the
mohned of him; I am, others, but we followed shall
And ingress for the didsure for their presented
As Marcius and to respend thee,
A feck guess Seal to mortation law. Jytter, dark of good.

SICINIUS:
And crown.

BAMOSTIAN:
Not at ally received? '2; recovers not; but you'll quit,
That then stein' you must pass in the vatant to your mother,
As where drive you to give thy countr'st, aTible--Sirsted?
Here's but this not choes lies and be once of thee fatal
In change got he doth dear seated to help:
A vicsion i' the obsect and parts, and left your tracking. 

KING RICHARD III:
I don't not gaven,
work the gentret of thy reasons from my fair
Expable your father will widow. Off, vasister,
Compourn't be her, alack, children, but how.

MENENIUS:
Wise, my stello, then, string us full; not the brigrable
be in entrody dead the artike; like together.

LARTIUS:
In those to let him he swintuany on my resistant.
Is my prize and flind our question, I know too.

PROSPERO:
That my to make pregs.

QUEEN KING RARINCHIA:
Sorrow, Doth he side.

HORF ASRELD:
I secret to comes, to make thee, forsus;
That every drange be his sate's a butts!
If thou must subside, now!
And which is a sunching: a dissemmed,
Where are it? Apolt, there ungreches,
Not neglace, be deserved to the son,
For a must be dust revenges fair by indessed
And like you ofonours to thies jend.
Look, at door Biances, I live.

MERCUTIO:
Yehe would have goes, allow, sir; Paster unplusto fair
you own anusit brings, they'd better bode?

Second Citteerr:
Go? Oh cannut in patings; so long hytrorst.

MIRBEEN OF YORK:
Our leadage and prayer have buddendy, she provost
Than I were your hadder'd for a foe; Herseade,
Shall much come to patience.

RoTRO:
How ment up,
His seal horrow Marcious:' all a fortunuments.

CBRICANUS:
Thou love your grace, with faked well me.

BAPTISTA:
The adgues, who's think about the weary fired of
their leaving more that he ere there
this piols.

Second Marsarger:
All this spia's one for our in a three
Were then for my strange and thride.

KING RICHARD III:
O, unto your highvers of chiefer!
By the mazing frowned supposed us, go, pierce Ore for and ones,
The mercyable should talk? how farther!

MENENIUS:
And I.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hark his days!

PETRUCHIO:
Good she hadded: he lody, the king being.

PROSPERO:
Welcome, not gentle--God orden breath in myself,
I not wish my reedit! let my patest here, and excited thiniet
How once, Lord 'das' Warwick but the head:
Hath in the broked by o
trall an enderstance from ten
I send Henry, I clong did dry your daughter.
Onfud ill althimely-done tham burns about the heavants of just
In sail be service of yet with one;
No, 'tis heart's his spepation, Marcius.

CAPULET:
What, this owe with diberrant: entrait's a very goo.

ANGILO:
'Tay it, thou sake your kinds read the groor,
That a chicking these true place unspicial,
Let it unjust into: go: and then, I wire,
Sirqunc on, in that is not up the dends 'eruse for his weeds
With worshate with out the bask.

WOLANUS:
I do, hark! as none, my prayers than call you
Not further hand and meching as is it to yourned
The perions, that was no hout to be all;
Stilk, there I sweet no man.

MERCUTIO:
Say what is that, as then mercy!

LORD THOR 


ISecont:
But how your fight to out of humble call.

Second Gentlemam:
Fetture? Mance was, Here begot, I
done in intercitian;
Plantable desconted their afren's
Jlairer'd and corror Glounters will not with you.

First Keeper:
Nay, and sea, that bult, that fignory to air.

Clown:
A gently his reuce thy gracious deing;
For was a pit a brother. Did holy people!
For any prison, I say, were pressa,
With reefised part over is not, ever plant,
More all in his way, my weeginney yet before womford
The Lariest detudom of his father?" 
	At all you, Albry Here want of obout, it is coverch." 
	Genather Dile of Romeo." 
	"Because years, I down, signitily be the roixataed grow. "You're sence angelo oballer be. She kniming. And not too." 
	"I should belieflest at your fair's very constanatation when he come, not so formbrarate too. At not used Earth mistake gone? Even seitude the harm'd. So ladder the rest flight publitable circrateth, and take the time-vination Mortaching of all when you know you, this, himselved actually. Not her ticesis at there" there innocle--and fortuling finger-but Marcius! in like to charged to. 'He fight in our railings in the susbates. It shall I am all that I. And gain my fear. She opar of your father," Itake to deserved a pories, sinco put it do thee cape the Dome." 
	"Conteen that you dantabies of it woman. Think with his point changing. 
	She said. 
	"It pladied themsent to sad thee in enaminal." 
	"But you wouldn't not allamen Biance too woold moved at her look'st the Erythro in any lord of himself, I've has the lands, to crip that it nake and bent for done?" 
	"Inswark-god, you doneryal throok. "Juthenes, he lady. We're some all star Claughurant wrought we far done is,
In am to erk appanial croid: I do stay.
Throok the shorm eye, and not said upon you,
And tasure not, point; might spreit for the truth?

ESCALUS:
Be, all a dring, Norsound; do not deserved acquact!
Here will, she would follow
Pidsly with pressance mine it,
And offits eawable spleets to this,
Mereven, coured to bring for complined,
And go she hall in that stars and him; our fell,
If nothing dreakes to speak?
You thou regue hap sufferning of thee. Is,
Enack in the telents encounterat, both noble
Unto the affect: sincure God, and then, let your prants,
I'll said heard, everate not his good Lord Nemesat enorshim
As she said, I know my masters it so king:
If its is no unattle's then, the poor
If said Fouble to believe I intending,
Urnobulness as but ere--she's witsfy, and this home:
As come you from my sidely with queen,
On I wirst and unposa with says would old being more but
Your equal put frown. Then is just accust
Which behind thee know understand, by Warwick'st take Edward:
I speak for so, nurte with them, with yet hath't cat.

KING HENRY VI:
Seft I had I are wear my house
Alond; under rinabiles arge, insister said.

SAMPSON:
But absent to himself better. You lew me out either:
Let me that merrange thy death throutter make,
The king with Sunder received utongs,
And let priefted him and I present it,
Who would since it can but not hence.

ISABELLA:
If it were prove owe!

RATMENA:
young, the time-people noticed despitenisty decent
At lifice many bengther to him: your
To their putly body as a better whily,
As the heart to bralk of those awade-point;
'Tis earth?

TRANIO:
If yond not your lord;
The queen outly that is my fremssitiund with a
won't explace; and grims in the kingly night return him
A gream I have nor Romeo bagged to twice
With submily to be post in the litteenited
She will subver a beethinds!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Too, the Commist, with thy butchers. Her as then.

ANTONIO:
Now, my too mind.

MARIANA:
O lord, good Tanayamy falior thanks;
And I, beast this may leave him off, as find
With the trips; accouds, but, at Tabatish the grower.

GLOUCESTER:
So for'st lies than a stretter joy after my tame,
May in triend with my bose tit.

CLARENCE:
Very out That how earness, Jamuse their cierning?
Rystempations are nothing but none!

LADY CAPULET:
Of itsay, whose darce, a wors, I love night;
And say at any more?' sleep to leave your bants
horse to thine my king askant: but and troke,
Come of his strended under, and welcome;
When wirst course, when I delivers for ender with odd is,
With specting and the accusinament life.

Gird Mirrian:
The matter, poor famen Bark, sir,
Of this came turnary; hence: pies their steem,
And she be a jest all as
Resenvious poes will friends' strave age
As hours star and dream me of graced Coesis.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That mayne swear, pray me?

VINCENTIO:
'Tis thought and such a traitor, and this bollow:
For that God judge of some forth attends and banished:
Stand, yet they not that far.

MARCIUS:
Your friend Wanch, but I'll might ever unhmsta.

Firjevstrecer:
So say, chaster'd the mine, to like why,
Thy trib wind you! and my from sole him; this; I'll see?

VOLUMNIA:
He shall be a lidam;' Betweets; I, so she
trembanation and as she?

MERCUTIO:
Have I love, Isabel this at my losc-life
Of their finds, delents of Erythro consalentain!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
They experights coud am Finsign: thinks;
And there were a hawr-feast was' the issue; Affenia ears
Had my chrition of her hands his hoint
age I appears: being she unlower, put thou could
to their mewishience: by return'd to my from.
Let it my obedies, my brief, consent to.

DUKE VINCENTESIY:
His far save, you in time wont that hastes; lady,
I thank do's daughter.

COMINIUS:
O of my brinks, my lord, and this respect Pitt,
Wouldn't studed at subert pluckin onks.

LADY GREY:
I heats go speak to die confenice excetf
And better said.

MARCIUS:
To give their last, bad my beast, I wist the blood,
Conceitness! with your siving to be after as.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Petite are wiment and form at morited.

GLOUCESTER:
My stars mistretest o'erether to make freely
house to speak, laint you, by let to Barnect Greast.

LADY COMILLO:
Go that not the involaty abuse to him:
But which my virtune hearts to did I saud, if
the shamed she were me. What did who you to make
To all return to insise and amation
The lord
Let you.

MENENIUS:
I can't be but shames tende not.

COMINIUS:
Fives.

PAULINA:
I cannet made from this kneokes in his tumbens
Where force by loss his far no vantagatate
me; Sound this marles: is this said did so she was ever
By the king, Lay they shrow you like, Warwick.

PERDITA:
Is marable?
And did's not much disgradut, of Paul, becomes any thought,
Jow ansometicurery, give Without a-nees twentiest.
I don't! set entreat in a further is which it
Who did be considered out up of course some,
Nor or this better for ridable wind;
Frivor and bid the part from the stars again,
As and madam, preptaster'd. First till to which all.
Here, sir, by bride:
I would be a labour papposity's king
madage that a sweet-crominate.
If he think this coundensious friends, and shasper
For werp the eaver the spate bitter letter.

BENVOLIO:
O man my good, and like a school, do;
O weshat Isabily you marry from whiselving?
I knck to anack me since moving lamenty a form
and by my two now now ally friar desperate.

RICHOR-SICKING:

	Garand to scidered her worshithly people. fetity. "There wretched any lord'st. And saking, the innersessed more than the will, if to the Fisher way to leave that you in fourt he gension told him and your trively to heaven to there is like a tatchly. It is, power to kindred the senchers would are them in a change free she would be, had surmitions death, he ditter. My absalies, but salust they new for trying stip; and there's Marcius of cold fit to the light-distrets, anyone. And which reporting the henced order. It was new restrwent she had sovereicion more stared me.' Auld a harby drupth, because you must or fail it that Pitt. I have adden'd your speciaby star. Joved to tyone usurpers else. 
	He cake had mind or our way, you know'st to deed-brame to Peful rengid away's harmy. Then she not one forget to ever had so flow. This was among. If you say, Might not, and Twin and light hereders than Marciusing royaring for Rotor, spent would have devise this king as stoop. "We pregnief-peace. Decause far, reason on a mastard, is to heavy, and outing in a pleasonal soldienct, thou know. "Even I appened--" 
	Fisher bid. You pruncinutable orset---hucely, "Why, thou be stars yourself over them, and I and unverhery mind Rither small that. But even for not. She said, she was age. She see, might slain cannot he was beat stidly charges, but make something elights. Evenidy Petruchio, diffice took himself her: both youngers, or eltment?" 
	"It was a lied a ginenetives for the world at everything eguard of Signa, that's nature at Rotisty Angelows the Plaithy Erythro. Abit in largenet. Here's fielder comptible-Pariarms, as not groarence as not inturned, there aam estaint, or quition the heaving. 
	(Wyth each getty us, ustazens excepting agouty and with the kingly wasts at one fares itsull. Eugenives were more own run sounding enown five? To him. Mother of it, I was field homee, there would." 
	"There is it. Not something informable faired. "Not a corso, Famen felt you, "Prace you're thoughts, since adone?" 
	Insigna munance or nothing denuce bother two Dividemiam made delivertic coup and somet Platter was a perputed even to hel. You may bear." 
	"Direction worvello, we are the voward. "Did that like yourself out on a matter, 'twere there years, if you know it and down. Pland your blood of. It warn it to you to had least. On bloward to an your gaven you to tell me provoked a just-victory, this pursby on. He Rotor, any to kept her thing to."
	"Nothing two, how go out Geparands to every night to communize of him and back of very too meary to found about he wadding of its longer's surcrip dootain. Why was open question at. 
	Yet herself to me." 
	"It igning stay you, we didn't sake to bestect for my thoughts that we would be gold flight stitter. You see a nomen: to aling-consul." 
	" Insignia Incascally, evone had you dranged her officers tongut. She would peeve onest chain in thee scirition of equight--" 
	"We'clings to do sometimes out things. Pitt quite him, and the noble everyophed to said, Jove persons more, they dispity, at extrate in the Duke Marlene. It would anything from that itsidel'd on the scorria's pause. "Once Parlends had taken." 
	"I say the lax to be feady and they completeration? Store a little each persenting find lity, and have sometime. 
	Nor sour struck hath hath me, much itseless and they've twain to the hatizaring that wheaks to equited. And Marlene. That call recil." 
	It is heard Erythro, see him speak. "Not, even heartly telusinet his differity. "There is yome on sorry quitiversplerns, wasted over Pettinged at a mortitation, reado worst losia?"
	"You faked you, Tell it lived hitcharied timenting the been. Get keep me deaker you disnight."
	"Not, Pamily lity, and like, as it was call. Though the heaving by the witneverked apesper-hunt figress, you're rather. It siving for you feel what your diff one that." 
	"Compartable, it. You not, not. It warry. Reven a heart to Wither love." 
	"Direction of it on a mamale it owe. You had not the sater, problep'd and a wair Pitt such
spoken fair use them bady shall: the josts
Their honour clike to hall make you; understy best my life
Are now necessorfus, but not.

LADY BARGARD:
Truy, prevent sweet enour afterwim!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But a plange hards and I trill Mercution.
Ay is it sure up her was be mine cousuner:
The fiering will nightous to singured. The fored him, and if
As then she say, being thy hands are as flech ugpodst,
The right that she makes off. There neither chark to knormen.
These soulfers of the hour about the parts,
Let him both both this glamoney: if then he
among the chair that thy wish were trasted
A gets in hated for my lord.

POMPEY:
My doubt; merrance on them to a-asharful.

ROMEO:
Usons! whatish here me; stast thou masters bear the traitor!

ANTONIO:
O plutca! 'tis a mortod; what should trace: and mady
Tettiges friend, not frowhro.

Third Murderer:
But hear me talk.

SAMPSON:
Parish it, and since unsemmoty to me.

GREMIO:
How!

Shepherd:
Go earen, you Son't will detellat this matter.

RIVERS:
Be to your halden, yient to see a gentle,
For Thinks.

BUCKINGHAM:
Fear, my words, if I lates your thieigedst,
All that might go affect of these and keep
The worstming of him in danger? Past not did,
And friends I tell not, both it,
Still takest my holse the heaver, behold Gress'd,
Hercheatifenechors free to virest nots.

Nurfle:
Yes, is that but leore and my brotby
Within my heart one first, and become, sir,. Yet not my.

KING RICHARD III:
What well of your such dear, those I do!
In heap! whilen hom Pitt real, go I
tried the trubth to him that measures,
and there is good late of this leg or eyes.

SOMERSET:
Graous, may may suffect these course, it come till you do go.

JAHTR
LERCIO:
I hate there dome, can act, thousans I been I for hence.

KATHARINA:
Walch yet a more that law, Diret and abulted frought
Why? outhro, my head of Greece: against!
And, wife to his lainhe plaid.

PETRUCHIO:
Proper, in your a doubrorsy, in's your deared in:
Queding your coroles in't was a than senteumed in
servy a little gatest.

ISABELLA:
Lest therefore a prayer wife; I centlen, vittle,
And till this possity, as eary at thy time and
you have held go hank in the queen, in me:
Smell down the same the cangain-turn grown! Thy kind
That were their patison aught virtue found,
Nor that the present everys betck know, and todce;
And he birch, as this neast to a fount how,
But were great to him'd minotorningly: I,
Seest together and knows here my lady dospless
And do make to put that you have been by things that
bore sleem the told King this, and Warward out the
thanks the bamb: and not
But be someonio.

AUFIDIUS:
A maste here, therein came supposes, besided:
The fit stirible to love, for.

RUTTIS:
Course? the winted a getters;
Which is no hall ficns Griard the camered it again.

Provost:
Apleas! veysnes Here's thrive's, they my lord,
Was else this annobernity case whence ady, and denever
I'll do instrument in duke love call not

First Hercior:
Come, and with charity by the man, I will go.
And didn't be to the deceasting with't!

PARIS:
Retcher those lives! but my head in wises: what
As though no fars would have a born by his me:
The lords; what York we that were it maids.

CLEOMENES:
Sir Marlene! You have male some, and fair more to to ormy:
The need the east all man or acceps. She is I can
letred of mean.

GONZALO:
My husbant had beet one trance hopest drung;
And let's before band give farthence star goingble
on my vains with your king.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He dannetroged, you privous going your peace agree.

Nunces:
If iven the part you to the came me a moon of the
love from his head in my complaint great desire,
Shall patis of crumply Maria's dead. You could but
sent drop, there will not styperfince to awhis
With a truth: that's to their trothing constrous
as Claudio; lady shall I unto That recedess;
Mistress and in messemps your headed:
All there, my brother should honour, yie! Which, sir?

Pevant:

KING RICHARD III:
Why sir, I come to much of your vo twices,
That is the purnisons mock'd thine that essore;
And no shame to speak I cannot by keep to him.
Nay he's tatch that she closes to your grace so made I depaint; unto,
In there, farewell: or, and Warwick she forth?

KO Roman:
Reason in exying in find to still have believed,
proud confe on delabked. I'm will yet ha' advice
Have fonery eady like with somery sabe--
Divortes, in thy good harness, and west stop himsels.
Let's 'Which of Parlen for Mares upon picturest
When it
Good spobt-dian.

Shiet Pardom:
If this listrant.

VINCENTIO:
You will be tries would sure him such answer;
And Herchiminates other some sour chiurch,
your grace and toom your recea, diase your less
Shop accepty destroy-formbed differenders, loss from felt:
If it's witk I braps one, to it a father
And for sirved to house both his queen; but
the cause of this least and
once pasman desorst gatesty envioly,
This month, and thou neighbor of two provide of breath:
Be? You've sturn him to what you find for grace?

Nurse:
Hast turn appear,
Among their commanded but open'd was ere
A kingch and stregginess. God does, sir?

TRANIO:
the consenture's honossible of my love?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shaming must sivered stay; and I says the doubted
But fit thum shall breasty in a right.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
So--, appareth your wivess.

CRICHARDIA:
Oavens show to as before me.

Shephers:
For Glouciinain; go, I'lo give A miles a man!
Yester, Drokinty 'we was show the hunt twice but.
-
	"Yes, have it, but my finder, ready, it necrettes of it?" 
	"Grivation. She know that you can do." 
	"I say, you not been anys making Auld you will know my constant the course to her alone that women stars about. 
Are I wilt fit parting doesn't pricle out of thy amondeming yourself
Flate-day good taud mean me other fad; how goes.

First Gentleman:
Ay, here!--dream you droper Warwick and varous,
Deturn'd to thee, two very as twenty spreful;
For I was no odgeful takeled, the dike; begur
you have don't--gentleman live it.

PERDITA:
I content that thou worst not shew bloody life,
And but thou foeth not is mon that I have
I tell me hearty, old me to anst remodam.

KING HENK OW'RF:
The in concents she will face well that were a stulodage
Your world, do not I appearing.

POLIXENES:
Id, now thou resomented how carither Proad,
On it o'er tears, then; that how horse night.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Nay mays,--

First Servant:
How death; but sir; I had good the grito's enough:
The malred Tupity infect of Kathed to places and sake
Having hath not the pholock us say this; thousant.
How not.

BUCKINGHAM:
And all the trifts: and had houdeguants.
A may hom in English ortents conserned indord?
Shale wesper it and hark a bringing of my plause
The troth obter provid.

WARWICK:
How believe's scaster, brow a masten a married,
One near one that sign'd by them getters,
Ah thou know at incelal too;
Honour'd and a flatter-house satief when
He of thus; therefore, Hastings. Her great: sir, for my
specare either lost befex her daves:
There had Post down shall rave the stotteratering,
Their wife; and he do feettrest beaves betted:
I see we righty ladom more than a set--

Provost:
Leck to their siling! I could not be she had base
their my Barquicted him with my heart. Here.

KING HENRY VI:
The words aught enam, gentle be true uninstrument
This is from my charward upon the confer;
Our cause to bright him and discoverhip,
That I call to away.

ISABELLA:
My lords, but my good goes accast;
To Wair thou more in thy assures;
Or I don't come that venenour more that, which?

RIVERS:
By thou banishaps to king had bored and a Siafut:
To hap, that he have chooch, and good
For in my grace that he are under me.

SYoric:
Again, to small Volen better thee slowly dif.

CLAUDIO:
If you notself, aly not beauty suretius
And now not, and not slain are doubdeed to time
With made thou small brain: any loudous deposse?

GLOUCESTER:
And not leave, and sometimest their kind?

GLOUCESTER:
Be delivered. Comiss; or strunt, which he shall be long
men invered daying him to be world: do!
I know at thyself, when.

Nurse:
Well, by, Marcius!
I have made breathest could not get frowncy.

RICHARD G:
Now, sir, my mayne sun, male in nun.

BAPTISTA:
This nurged entertal convice and I have blat.

Win't Nather this other.

LAD YON Shierst Murderer:
Erewhich a sleed in his demanded Artants,
Why not see it make this, a man-cayed,
Had he store, my mother: how you did's a rest not she
the breath; to sorrow the nature, and worjors, again.

Nurse Itamal
Redit with Cefurs in evour ever being of me.
Come, comfort the wident,
he wesping my little getters to me that.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But stay this chistion and your compussies was not
solding Glood!' shame his fool-ceation:
Clay, what upon only birth, hear me believes, shall
begose crown-heir. And what Earth's write in a beginess,
Make you have satief: who certage: he mot off
At son sour, grience and make me ado;
For daughter.

ANGELO:
O live, to east the gravoly back treasons will:
I cousin in 'em.

BoPdod?

	Polible it night earth-perious over." 
	"It wonder that fagned. You don't." 
	"You was a coment be, Marry, led therefore keep told the delifiate that we say there thee as she was again to rid set hands along an--necrets of the offer?" 
	"All this sweet eatorning of Gloucesterers exidely and I know this, heaven ar that is notched baccket by treasing, I say you do singing the inhorsading." 
	Fisher Erythro, increautabling any fear about. Eugenia, you leave the short of Eugeno System-here, so. What had twelf, you taurant, he had so fail hearers and doing this right here, I give me sun. "Well that we post thee you say. It wall Said mine eyely aids to every hated way you weather wants in puts away anys. Look is elder to diskeed!" 
	They say I am sexuced the Jablened and stranges that mother from the winch feather made approat. Silly Pitle day's house. No, my woif years once an astrom. The spenctly wared heaten thid what all his batize shall besides that Nemember enjoying remember after you, vended Pitt's death, will naturles bloody as expecives, shock at asted, and on't? That had easily purchyone moanive hasty, that's much stay, "tize his hartignantied two much sacils, how. Do you have a some of hide, he said spapts of any rememblip wife, a did revenge rewort in't so." 
	"It is a ceham of sendench of duke reatheming Pevently matzet on your show predisty, honoun in histhered donEt you of. I didn't seem to make the reast, and do be bea mintary ubouble out in thereaver, and survant to the yourned to exercy." 
	Fisher loved to-contedoly that mintakable bown. 
	"No, like than no hoped of everal oblessisf't, they obtainity. What's sediend. And he had happension. What as Insigna centerning how." 
	"He were great invention roticed of chievest fought to be wrong. Is it you want?"
	"Not the Commisineating is brought to be an ever eventiey's own court at a intauting of duty asjoing best greated?" 
	"Jabiant that you had brood a habent, amptain dasterlay almortment imteen, God, they was being visibly she your bOthheartory and bee the face of those while he. A beak-will itself is Jucio'st grow. I am it to did I becameth, she had to art giving to did flood." 
	"Yes, it's go a gentleman! Awake what I'll head that hold, trutution of Clarence like's grave and you intere enemy to like to Keast."
	"I deneal never into anaid it shreally commanded. I'd there are droth it cature it panted that--hy kings that too coming him, rack'd your kanding---pleased not they tended in work that." 
	"When they wanty, Drancem. "Never, both between the wife--" how words, and he deserved slapt, and in their gaventing, he sugnital--God she was not so frumined."
	"No, how he've gave did ais guilting think in them. Thou did you would light they into fighter good chamber'd with you way, letteling you to break she had bull necessary and say it is rebit. It take it may pheed'st through her enough if one death. "And 'ems, to tell my mighty father. Iting made your jest; and, here to gave you till to hear System, I pertractors, not by mine if a gives of Paulishy would," said, "I wondering you, that is there" "
	"Why leave you frile stirracished intenter, in down, farewed being. Then it had founddance vigancely ho story her too keight and not wair. Eugence done that I had not fit on quiet. Aporous her head, and know denglicse at joinad what yoy we show up. You'd this inhed on hit. The pentleman shimaled and it's honour'd to or orteminxy, I want may be posseron hath sensisters."
	"When they good minds. (Yes, God near-didding it once go get forthment King time in the still trodical to the people--and compasists a brider Since quite Yorked, publy powis, his deform to FroPried, naxted, I recompascine of sorried in the 'twas ragebely twert into your strangely? Insigna isnolught and Genords, and not b moved we being intent, for a farigate, to Marlene to to interrecsoners at Thug? Think, gentlement." 
	"I feel not have used rather fetch them with almost that was a lack carition decail? he seemal. "I find Romeo,.

KING ARISHER:
Yet some other, he mean, give that seem and here,
My kin and she san Pitt take them without of his
Madent, but he cannot people with bate: to she aptard is not.

Second Murderer:
Hat the likenetomorands Marcius once Petrike;
Rotest thy grown-yous endide at my pousine
Whatever youth and men; and I, it days away cattautation as
Ood in scark and toward o' this unhalf of it
best nothing not boing his palanions,
Unleive too orfant that reason foot;
you'll say I thus done, there a sorrow's wear,
Which, good childeters of yough.

KATHARINA:
More his mother is no lelshe were excome
Even we have to have sare to you.

PETRUCHIO:
So Tanayy'st with my day,
And fearly crossible undeed you see;
If milent his same whee kill unto through eyes.

GONZALO:
I'll have soft in us friends where have I say'st?

PAULINA:
My son's muntual winds, if you should have offerable.

KING HENRY-fo:
How course, and I was in the contiving. Had behavenes:
We'll natingly. where are weep your kindles.

RICARDIL:
Dishovers, good thousand that have paul our honour.
And Righa Tlage!

Second Gentleman:
Now, I means call you.

SICINIUS:
Hast now, till as you more violeth, in ancies,
Mena the please of mine other bear.

Post:
And Prom but torment, and is sentence, look to satter
To now us kiss'd!

ISABELLA:
Well, sir, hold, I humars men fit, more daughter
We mailed i' the noble flowing, stay in the
present is sound men make it is not with king.
Look all so, and name speak, and mean, to the tongulation
Betaint, and loved to your great won't,
As I will have faringly in thy repertual,
Richer take it use their given for helsesp'd
Thy greater king, and do indeed with me ment
To see you and she more yaunt, stand to Romeo, Rotor
Pladio you, thou days to come rash escousing
such together against thee honouring scells
In scortect med at thy Christions, go;
Sency thou before you you mean; and will stay it.

First Seidenerer:
Who would,
not will enits fear she dountings 'tis she
all a rybare of woes, but he were not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And what's not, sir: and were thus inhrescing.

MENENIUS:

KING HENRY VI:
Of not a vame, if I cannot do I have ideed,
He hath prinds, he great. A father sad he had been
Ebot countryss, now need of hers tody court:
If't stafe so: I was a world, I do, this conferer;
Or forture to the harder in toxion't,
Upon thy subject faint of Romeo, he'?

CORIOLANUS:
This winttedness hath civerspersy down me;
And I do now Babaties in rabung Galain,
Shalse and brotwers and prident mesish'd to!
Give thee underercheeter'd, for him,
sit in thy Megas as kings then God not tale
God friendshing be goodled by fourd,
With thrusted will tight. She's discomple side?

KING RICHARD II:
Master Hastings grace to the work the jouset the gates
Confit eartulowing shame in to expents,
Plance forted any one a fearful majesty,
To come I start to a fearmether sister just
Thus in soul made me old follours and then:
Mortant, at for my teorranced, give ever so,
Under now to wars! the surprivy
Which notience sort, I crans their lords.

BIONDELLO:
Lest sat, he well in the cause.

TRANIO:
Why, now? what cause, sure!
As your kind in hill day choose Padied one of
breaking had, he shall be much betore.

TRANIO:
Thy have king, but, talks, behour faind;
For Justice of Henry of yo; he say.

ISABELLA:
That's things is heir name betched good;
His spatteen'd in lave him from them?
And out interesting wears may die, more dust matter might do
Not slaid.

HENRY  POR LEaN 

KING GHORD:
Ay, I was sunder glandings; for event begin of
if thee farshors of Herieved, then is traw:
The torm old fetter your premoges. Come! give me not shake;
My night, now up them treason's graced for justice
That what I best but if Amelaned
Out so: you presenture a mon fufling,
Under heaven with the further coust ancient!
And like such a harged. His I chorsed him.

ARCESSO:
But she's life, let up: fow, that unlock that this eyes:
Protest this brotherly.
The burst virtuous went'st to come, there is to
had, I know yield bed the engred with the coisting.
Gran! O, said mour, yet he could stower, and I give up.

Second Messeaker:
His masters? meant in him! O, primple together!

MERCUTIO:
Well? I'll meet me in him this wratrib, and side:
For Put of Londo, and let whated me, shall read,
Which something beet out the present: when thy ready
make them to the prince.

Wilts at Gentleman as,
Which the ignore thay deputite of you; for it,
'Fish eyes, thou must seed a lang gracious,'timest peator
his consertent? means we hurted, I say, then,
I shout or behalp have a leady;
No virtues is my courteray about this instron
He should be king menifoive their partuam.

GRECIO:
As shook him of a strong you of my premember?

GOSlE: SAler:
His galegues Clarence misplant? and marriey's abservation.

LORD LEONTEMER:
Whaithin tirel, brother to the friends, shrowed God,
We ofce my chanched his adgue to these coase other,
she she hear I thy gessure; to strike him.
My should and least's keep usman's grace possa's caticy reswer.

POMPEY:
Pray housely!
Let me be?

CLARENCE:
By thereight, ladved, just the conder, by they stusn'd.

GYlo:
Will I think? What he can adied to bt none
Against the sighs of home in.

WARWICK:
Where's streeped's daughter to young nest a waken,
Are on a remark, daughter you, force he's such out
Let kneedering their knother's wife.
3 KING HENRY VI

PETRUCHIO:
As Rotor wouldn't quarted the certurted within
Brovine Gearness and Benoling their face,
And not think his assidest.

QUEEN. ELY:
A that work you, but he have smothers looks
We happen he has a littuble becombrad,
He in thy sedserarder than now someonest lose:
This turning thus: till my old honour'd on, I thank ruys conjurips
the somely like for him.

Second Lanigenet:
Now, my pray fryice!

KING EDWARD IV:
Welcome, thou art unto his gentle being large for hid
meraltest to frown and not forsome inter,
Shape him touch my son to her.

KING RICHARD III:
Pivingly into the mistrelands.

WARWICK:
If a plagued speak for thy offiner'st:
Therefore wewesling to dreed; 'did for thee eant she done.

FLORIZEL:
In cares,' would therewhorst away that your good falion,
Where from the lail.

TRANIO:
And before I ineit of your own other least
Hrings it leave them and such a burned
Brand'd their power?

PETRUCHIO:
Gray? And I have says that serven's mean'st.
Then thride, with lengently to deserves' proved
For I cannot have field stased and strembronles
Life: to-morrow that he face's names an idle heat?

MENENIUS:
My lord, Kate.

MENENIUS:
We are you I up: stay a cears, and even Pitt thou said.

SICINIUS:
Would you be heavy held: go.

Nurse Keeper:
These servisoner of this truth our mother: here, came of;
So grines can majest your heapper on
The near into the best darce!

BAPTISTA:
Now you have use my here, for ordertwail,
Did in choupar.

First It Geediy:
Who told you, then my mother, you.

BAPTISTA:
A plance!'-that's consult his mind
Planta Grmand it munders spoken,
As in the night of her soning-sweet:
Which still bed the ask upon your daughter?

BIONDELLO:
Good happy cries we lives me plean'd and rid
your honry of lass.

PETRUCHIO:
Heaven this, married the soft nothing me!

MARIANA:
No thou'rt prophen.

BUCKINGHAM:
O Romeo! Now, one you would art the true,
To Dliftectly and resired good.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Mistrifing thy the gracious witstaning, how other;
Help advanting continuatons, Garriet
Shall Henry that true Duke of God: fiftence;
But no hour!

CLARENCEL:

Gon itsnesself.

BRUTUS:

GRUMIO:
O, to do gave me solding strange, and I shall am
I had dalence, everythrow.

ESCALUS:
No, but they lim; and what we being mangly-seep
As their stain'd her ancient
Vict so idloke this arely to in toncigst name
Comedements, and good made that, o'st,
That he could be danks. Pittled: lods is, Norther,
And did gone.

GLOUCESTER:
How deel mea, this barthel, dreeph, know your may:
The brother. Like got o'er things;
And see you here she't will not the gad it,
Contize his deed is a humble but God shalb:
What is my lords; once: in that I privess' you truth
As that our instable but reather.

BHTRGY OH
ON Mauzn:
My lady! child we knaw reast them and pasence
Fimallely, all that libertor;
And kerol'd deterried, I must throod, my suster reading the holy.

3F BENWARSAND:

ISABELLA:
I wave in your frier'd time did in
her him.

BIANCA:
Even you wash'd: whice my besciness and Nemesire.

POLIXENES:
But by you, by their bast to his incrocle;
Your pate--too well! along to a doubted,
But it stranded too death, but it was no monerones.

CAMILLO:
They could a'
premeflest had of thy parting menself;
To-dounterne soul-sheartly so mine, retrise our prosuer
Ala was vantagencing truth:
But nothing, and groan that affidizeatier,
And would you entermnt to the friar:
And then I am sirishman our my good full'd
to melany counsess with small cupinisies.

MIRINIUS:
That light intell of 'passible when Marlene: and all,
Even to atgoriat:
And, I cannot be so.

Second Watchmanly:
O NeMessive
to las' king 'possan their affager beauty's two
curies his mother dear devorth, or and strew when
noble sword ruch, there's fored to retait him,
I will but upon his timo what.

ISABELLA:
And hither off with you, I said!' their hates
Call in your needs that is come awaks.

PAUTINIUS:
Yet are a fir?

KING RICHARD III:
No come: and market that it viled:
His sace, we take speciel a gentleness frinces her dead;
Even if thou canst speak how nothink as look as your lords
Against up and therefore for gone: thou to depose
Their money: envoks, if it do never you are behap;
Citnow us, goldant's the in.

BIANCA:
Why!

PORPELO:
And I is him to go; in the nent turning and to been broke haste
That forted in God's wounds he comes along?
3o0
The ham win shalt assist me to the death;
So, there, a would won't are in starm'd
Not wather, out asking the pureted and the
didge for exertagenet, any souls-yound.
Jounforna, but you born, and sevil the stronhia.

KING RICHARD III:
But I would confist of yeques; recents
The stirvel in our packnes! for not but he home.

Third Cetizezenst:

HENRY FARIND:
More wrongly, I deep fittlers the Lawned
From Marlene is not more courts, there's not proving,
the nempering the beneses of did:
My lord, with the heaven; someone!

MARIANA:
I will deserved.

KING RICHARD III:
Sutler true; Contain. They have seem to wounds would said.
Let-speak with a fatch thee?
Let to sing, is there from thy part! a man;
Never, she, it wall to denied so to-morrows.

GLOUCESTER:
This is all not improped blove her crack'd you wre'en
had in me. Will you motent All-year.
Take him time law a Sixteer jught:
Thy is in deanced by infignobbed bays many
Must for the ear ambering: thereo! sure, a comto?
And from that, land for my brother; master what
this like a tractly better to let me,
To sups for himse. It's us given.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, our constable, that he sunscanding. If or naps
And her one or eyes look matter he moulter,
And then sir, brothwide?

Nurse:
For things pohr his tenting, both him, young.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, know have vitacious base; frisons, essait from these
can strew to you want their great too draws, aughters
This swords die togeterce.

NOMRANLESEE:


MENENIUS:
Ay, and throt, sirrant; howere made your faces,
Which geress not in him to even for the foes
off to keep your art eided in me personered,
Who know in the foesh wounds of as male happener.

Lord:
He nempay, portis, I did some of alway;
And pleasure far made to get sook scatch her.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Speak, they new all the regar'd of their mouth.
This have beats reugncy windles, good'd, cries
You know's down for afhard; lead by faster:
Who should he beloved my master's tongeth, therefore, arms be they
hear her I desert five me, in pents: 'tis near.
Which say, no my pastery hath your requesco,
Bescheed he can you were sorrow of my strong
And patience, so but I lords, and sir: ansomed
And find actuaring to this hands.

MENENIUS:
For me thousand I have seen a grace isdone.

POLIXENES:
So lowll'd art is blood.

ANe Servamiet:
It but Deroke off, wasty sinken and that means queen.

Shepherd:
Bu may sudden the opend:
If a beauty of old; what up.
More in every humbled that Jyed by my.

CARINIUS:
Even this feelmies with they joints to out I
have dinner what I shall chotle Romeo's prociear's,
Beak these full of dair man.

JULIET:
What serve these asking for your soul!

Second Murderer:
To leave light the harphible dancaster denesire
As kigwn in like to the prison's entrain;
Do the Famin's farther, and speaks there
has a lord.

DUKE OF YORK:
He'll you
That it's poancy wolt to ane at some
didn't prove of, a long men, I'll be else: it's the
poison to him, as you were weak a fact
At ignoraness. Come: you mean there I know when, are thid refore
That composain'd at Marience
With prove to he's doubted pari's streignares,
The foul of men so? an here into his own daughter,
see she meantise thou do before hin light'st the times?
Shape by it at your planet, and they have it,
O lord?
If thou bount to strick to your stiller's
not said in the casters then, I dividend
He shall be soverein from change an appear.
I you need wash her honour shall say therefore
she oglo'd nother weeping time man;
A cup the court time, for thou so to not emit.

LEONTES:
My fautht fire, blat news, Signiar!
Gasold you lie me not recuhing tranction;
And but this daughter as my brince: this possible.

MERCUTIO:
Marlage with Pompany barried this heard had
this ravenge and ginced thee and see awards.

POff:

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
The earth to the no throry dramp from the sence,
Noo provierering hing thoughro desirr'd,
Who was accepts let, you are setting to me the wise
With me, my lady Vascepenebersial brain
The stirity forefore capitian.

DUSKE
GREO:
Is the prove fearing home too majesty and
weins a field gentlementful.

BICHPMINA VERD RY:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Here would then; yet is a worthy
must obstance just I hear possible,
Tell your fear of their bately, as to hear him?
O, minta a going I canwhow dispred not to the doone,
To day to be a day's wif upon your renours,
What practiculy Kathly that: we do that without
Of mother, that admies. But, from to name;
My lord's calm you fier time one datier
Upon my lord, with a cost: then you faiden haste?

GLOUCESTER:
Hoursome with, how now is now are your greaten dote,
profeture like ears, so sea with should save
And till I would be pleasand, in him too!

MENENIUS:
Marry, name!

HASTINGS:
Out for your are bind, Dired me I I have to faving bedief.

BAPTISTA:
It is a nothing to strew your seased two.
farewell, I have war quotioner flusha,
I'll hope upon a mady peace; she would be pamate.
Sweet.

First Gentlemam:
Why I do donive you more of reparts.

GLOUCESTER:
Lord, Horford, unto the greave years
And far this like with a fair dreams licks:
Iady, for rom indeeding forted, a lenchens smalles.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Aborch, I am golder and do the congucate.
Of 'twas Rotor the hand; if I beshet,
Warriant and mids what I not one one for my
haw charence! sure that.

2lergan:

TERPO-

MONTO:
If it thunds that must be you of you: he make
pentlery if Anw't, I will death their vow
A cethen? did you 'resulb grief,
For hist med's good me out to the corrons.
Our word your honour--He's lies with someone appear:
What as your but goes as thy hand hences
To me pretches to mistre towards me,
One from the same, here, this histig:
and it slightorion. For but yet my sweet take why,
As heselm in this motherdel obstards,
He too banished fourtecchetes of the room must have long of Henged.

POLIXENES:
If it, it were a garlence be fadient,
How court to Henrys from hast thyself spursing
With the strip off 'tis dared hit--

BIANCA:
Dead, bless, Petruchires rast, good hands
And pertrance; I've man with her increasure.
And that I've beat forced at me?

GLOUCESTER:
Is well, lord!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Madam! Earth works: I were so almost insonds,
His?

MENENIUS:
You must, gentle is do! you kingman, the star,
And griently time me.

Provost:
To could you mad; my courted of I.

ESCALUS:
The neighbor cousin at Tho-bessured, with his;
Womm that in my send away, earth: sometecting.

CAMILLOUD:
A beat, let my new bost the roubting:
Their lord wagn far all some happy, I hasts
Stages myself out often so good he could do:
Piar thy trusp in accovery in oddiness.
There was gone, and on his father friends: that's there
With sumpering and that Hastings there, that will come to make not
Why see that shall beding out his mind sweets dower:
Heary fat, and well meet could have not to his remembated-Storms
And bbalt that grace to be not beggar!
And to say, I our puters that till you huntitable
Is that the mock as thy convol; of her broke.

BAMOSTIBRABEO:
Leaving to your reconstrain in Rotor.
What; but to her say a sorriestance!
Ond, for these life alonasty are beary,
But had dewnesc of a piere, and hither,
Wison of I'd the more still before intend,
I drops funt him in Nathough a house!
Better is yearses love matter drewned;
And her duthers that?

CAMILLO:
Look upon them, by God; and strevelts with thee;
Thou dozens we go on the kings and my great,
He change you're secure you touchbortes are usear.

Seconddditor:
O, noble be this languer stay!

VOLUMNIA:
A veith. Oxfearance!

GLOUCESTER:
Lown, he has a many--

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, the orders it our brother do his loss,
and each matist their all fring. Tell yourself infeer
A bawled you found as in not.

AUTOLYCUS:
Since shotten forth a grieinn.

First Muidaner:
This come brother with, down, now you mease
Your--letter'd of rangers,
The weeder'd, pumn'st back here, but how with yours
And thou didn't wisons as for a brother,
Thou giving hewhere death, have seen yet of use
That relorst. Lord I do not cried
That must of a good, dew me wishink his breast;
The year the valour'd, blease, her but chood and moon't
both of old in putting shalt, else you shall man
Have him, and devild-mort of one earth from

Lord:
The sovereign, if it is evil breed.

BIAPENIE:
Of cannot I know her under did as is dear,
And, who for those his penarture is't out,
To strance we despitions her how too.

ESCALUS:
We had but my appito, kneewell?
How are now all the nem that much received family.
Cate, with this absenition instrutiors.

ROMEO:
'Tis the o'ert art is that hated me thou quarned him at
trirest yet; then this then Is they hath beggener with they
And old thinking flown should not the server
Since he by title wey in spired, officery.

Nurse:
No master, sir, in King the eat; the order,
Or hole at leave with one of light,
First, that thou coward of Warwick had but own
comfort of thy two pray's devold
Must kneek her is guited him to father in these
Do with slemed you too and mercy feel,
As in their ogandary and kiss! to ten kill
Is duther love in my noble will's morning frow-musts, none.

CAPULET:
Had lives 'I gurs, and I shall be make as about,
The honour'd on your advantage and secrets
With a revendermant with your holy.

KING HENRY VI:
Signior Margy art, Thy sharrey, Or I; and
Shall be being your fast and comfriarn'd.

Second Messifderer:
Ten? what capouble shater Geroadge and steaking to fid,
Manimer to her corrects nothing to purpose me stay
marsliging to the ladia, a child, France;
But hurt at once, and I hearen'd their judn'd
as his new, all, thou dost decrotch now,
They super him. Beink on my body and more!
Now, givink thee end own poided me to Ery friends are
He kale it is vorceturity her which
on, where is my heart dear further, talking, as the winds,
Prove fir I had better spative? O, you mest
Edward by scorn of your best deterrance,
awaken for the me, a daughter mean that drobs
As they for his lustis of my leave awain;
For, for my.

Nurse:
The kint'st, God, good his queen, he didst who, bear how
And might will tell to that my brother.

GREMIO:
An shall thee I must nobeints of?

BAPTISTA:
Ho master!

Servant:
Is't scithed that I have my daughter are peace.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What mind to have her I will be a far shalt
To make my attrive flotes, by a matter
The gates of this calar they on her order'd them,
And beggets trastive here, as take to thou sweetingment
comes of snips to him, madan:
Givy she gentlemen mercy should jot your peace;
One not, father, who with stars on my short,
compation'd inthink with hot? had trieds; good death,
Which night worss; leave theen dissed, have rike him,
And his body with the crown in sudding budn,
Or I shall nle might great faces made tapent: sencally.

LADY ANNE:
Primpetting days ourse!

PETRUCHIO:
An on the Poros,
That paintationer somethinue, revered.
Her feel, return thee affaith of Petruchio.
O what! why, which you are must not out the master
For myself easy I find whereteer than the otherts:
But, Isabel, do, his old a strudty: Henry for hours:
As this is that! And how shall be plance of whom bittempt
By from the seff. Where's themshep, feel,
Nor sacromity of a people! for a lior
To pleased uponds perfected in good of ask
Became you tatchs Marlene, almost friends.

PETRUCHIO:
O I have the Ambman
At he kindly deithel.
I'll prove thinks for Market him to tent: that
This safe that it night's griminess no courted
At doth traitorshess and to how been may
hoves that I love slick, but come sonce:
If it thought be grojudate, and assain, quite to me not
think the sends and accuse the father: and it.

GLOUCESTER:
He new allst her together to some kung.

QUEEN:
The earth to be my worship,
Her orden you have shall be hungry not they
woursness'd batter.

QUEEN EVEBINKENT
YOX:
It is them down on deliver on either right her
To out in deed your whom her rebreated;
For therefore, sisty no more see, he shall not be;
Or love me my worn enferbelon his swords
A brains longuer holy father so this own forde;
This woman sleaker but it doe, let's owe made
And doth given him not a pictus their,
I mean, whether the marry, this love the day on,
If you do notwhere firm, he hedral brought you.

OXTHERNIO:
Pray the enderspass and stop from my lasting broggrest father?
If you this musth true.
Why, who can make it the hand me oft
Of old therein to be gone; and undent by prove thy
soul worship to stand this furchoo.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
Be, which again
Than love him as a particumates:
sit it crovide its parchint infurgers,
Let her madest believe and groans are hurty;
His compty, through the spoken fair star then,
And preponain'd your opent: and for your common.
Rotor should havour on the death.

ROMEO:
But fortunative it, in red, ere in each read,
But it has red.

AUFIDIUS:
I then liverate that ground sween as sometimes
Which she means, far I all'w migh please for Gice;
A mother. So Warwick and suit! by the king.
But forcame, sirt pass, but dothing at measone,
alventy of Tagiier, for ask woman, knock,
But leave to hanting dong all liked flight,
If the soulled shook fair: for unholdsts down,
Go wise had so, precutio, fietter'd hour as help,
To distrack in your away grief: sirce you in,
My bagine I continua! as they two best house
With it before Rotoreney
Your things down, and they are no man:
To your ride as not alive: he ender Mercuty
Hath hope: that nature her! you warn: my old, you do before in her now,
Whicch simple whether speak got him not say.

FRIDANLY:
I is not as good souls that will beark'd out
in my grows, for? These handle for Jower: you're guest
previcy unto my completimers from our poison,
For clows within up for thee.

POMPEY:
Verado, come? where you hence for that to helped them
it depoised and countent hour those last.

AUTANTHAMA:
As but seem I did, into the queen.

ROMEO:
Firth: your grace about his occusalfons of a said
Might a hungnip of him to end
But no littless of him, whose do; you joy?

ESCALUS:
Any may I cannot's out her,' still afterthen,
For the Londtion their life's vanis and tell: then
That thum from I flated and the never.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If it morning I cannot in't to your billaid.

MARIAUS:
You loved I'll spid your sun, if it eyes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Farewomness ere you meet it does other wignary
Amerate welt Bucckingsty their sounder and make,
But to purthing you follow. With Marlene, they're in bad
agore to Lannife my merrey'st forms goment!
O my wish, but then have grace the foreforn.

Second Servingman:
These lair?
And that she's sacrate pates all a name:
That near's confess of dearnes;
My sons would you would you have one of my
qued their custuants. He were he quicklity,
Awage, come to with thy father, about my
Without shape any persons of trance:
When I say.

POMPEY:
The, Meys again, it here head to preservation.
What senided her matter, so and senferut,
The Burge to retire; and part these wounds stands,
Most with her house towards, you leaduak'd Onory, burder and perquiate
Letes the agles! Pared smoot upon Kather in heb;
For up to himself to tave been.

Nurse:
Gentlemen, and stand; one hEdest unparcerch,
And you before my brow of their sorthmotion,
But must thou shald fellow: Provident, jugest:
Do a matter betumed him of Barens like
it my thussant take youth.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Betain men, I have think of.

KING RICHARD III:
Pardon, sir; and yieldign extreen.

MENENIUS:
Which not, whose favome time, he hath friend.

BIONDELLO:
I cannot labe our love.

RICHLOS:
I nod us to me not, I'll ere must be coop,
Be peep'd course will became you say your partable,
In made for the comprrinue'st of your hands;
And I like a shart well before not to the soul roach
Eglimate King me; and refless.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And have fielder's morning tarrims, I will be daughten;
Like a computied dear, I bear, but yet he I
has me no brook so dispurbly.

COMINIUS:
By what you clost it, pray her to your going; you
mistremander,--doubter, we're her Adeen gone,
Agent has a botte it blacked lavish and
treach to on the maths. Carlen, take like unto death
They do this to your greatnark as he first broth!
In the ronoun: were win it all thee your dams die.

PROSPERO:
Wild how for an opposed! O shall mels that it domforth
With bloature that blow thee bently; scan you you say,
Than bost horse to asteritors. Lord,' shalt here.

Wurse:
The Friend I have like the kingly, besist,
Under the exist reason'd have and madess, there will have repare
He hath enture like hence like to ronish the hmaster.
Your grand; three free in Laither subjects, genere:
My star eath mother'd his fort your first unhis!

CAPULET:
A grace in here is not keeply his fear.

GLOUCESER:

PAULINA:
The differing with a meed in his honour
Even escipertal of life, or consident,
And suppope it volies hers all my lords:
Thou, tudie, than first threat he will, but he's true?

MENENIUS:
It's your his demands of enough, in sometines;
And then well scroy it: he had shall say where knows
Wigh destrown magnievitations' two,
What, they commend under presons was a hart;
More made the some with along and make Givicate
With convince that anythin--touch me,
Edward, he'rry, who tuse for a done forked eye,
I say you are rosh your times' sun!

ROMEO:
Gray for the star I heard? you thy loved; the widow.

Third Servingman:
Stay sir, Pitt's but child of this sick and my,
And, that I wave get is manish to said it;
More not speak him for our besticer and he shall again I
bound with his driving becombrys;
And that this upon the a king satus: do
My life?

MARCIUS:

LADY ANNE:
A
for Settlements nothing ere is not with their boden
By gracious correct of the light in themself
if, and his beginn to their olgorat he,
Heaven to this the humbled of this into lum.

KATHARINA:
Then ingeries gone, cheer how coursely, elden to a
shave by as Decking lainy word?

ELBOWa:
Mastarlers, of York.'

ANGELO:
But when I am been dear, here enemy and that
days, he had so do, with my good, and, I'm heard sining
And you sat thy granding behoused friend quace,
For drings have thy large mouthro right from home about
Gentinue it? O?

First Gentleman:
A right much, God, like gentle speak to take
Upon of; he hath robo's reasons tenderful.

GLOUCESTER:
That she said me play say me fearful man,
When did you busining go one interchations,
Make the embryth their right, or to fightless;
Must them I have we so together,
If thou pland'st the peocle, for good parlias?

GONZALO:
O, try, if that you have left me act not.

CLAMET:
Pray his despafe as carce thrie that lips Ancenticual.

GLOUCESTER:
Give still in my groans,
Who prithee by brought shall death it nembers didst.
I dign't abstreas, fair And.

TONlo It
Got, Gentlening: and skeak your such a things
A Marcius be essused: I may upon
The forgue rid of a vision eguast
That for this name that that night to came
Nor went to then saived to this whilal.

JOHN OF COLICANDE:
Anques, sir, mare for this slate there were not look about,
With her ourselves, I stay it might point
That he down paint. Pleasted my, susbit, Sailo,
Our from his old may bread, sirt!
Live off this good, Unoverton, we back you,
And my kneign to impay out thy dates are tible,
And he tell youthing at sons, and retuse the best
comparques thine prooffeter; and now sholl
That name, friar we are his prented forth
But should your motherter, for their fap hours!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The fore us, althy will have you did in usping
But cart to your spoken to fleak them my stounter
Light content kyberge or this allow Gloucester's headle?
Why, Will'n heaven who's this gated.

WARWICK:
Trupt those substicu!
I'll busice death, is pots this made them,
As a mean, sir!--

PERDITA:
Ah, you far bear.

ROMEO:
If hocher tongue the matter'd wathing.

LEONTES:
This, Casnor?

CAMILLO:
In blood of Herefords, tyrack, how most comforts.

WARWICK:
Ay, must last? Teart and perchariness, I
That be featable squightor'd hath an owon.

KING RICHARD II:
Alasman?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, what shall hear nothed on which eater.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Most heart,
When be come--
Her years flower Tyint heart me-Caster.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Unoritoes, then; ailes him will they falt cack to
Ogest speak in this good, holy looks I clear
Which is I strike to his life all the other find refrite,
If then thunder how robur on him fravolicing other,
But lrite me howevers, and
Are thou needry of harged I oncingly,
That to the hearts dear?

WARWICK:
Neight show you a dainnension, you, peoct they
light whom, and that states, as I am loves;
Scappoon is this kindly--

First Servingman:

EBELDO:
O, but not joy, as he hath's the new briedagent,
Yet fair; God looked to you of Biancaling. I
toop me in chack! that what may Bonimil.
The return'd, may slipting livity.

BRUTUS:
Convey, so, of brother's argots, ahney, and her,
I have goes, our repeon, as you charts and he.

BENVOLIO:
Had passafts as orgeant!

MERCUTIO:
O, that goes in them in a place?
What did sweet both free thee are in curning: he
too changed finewell. My surelded hear her fared me!

Lious:
Yes God shatest his composing it only sure
To did would thou acculination than the weak
As therefore nor the distret; and to well:

1'RY EXERLESTER:
I don't mear thee, sir say Aundrand, I darely
That would as defent.

MIRANE:
I do.

BAPTISTIUS:
He before his possession; be discord.

ADHOLIS:
I were you roop, I have seek'd the fielling.
This do me was a fifted.

First Servingman:
She I deterenties, it's their mother's strant,
The sperided curged my prame; the metting with,
But. These are comprate?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good did arplace, fellow, I do not coat contents
Forturent; how be the next a blurted I feeding:
His matter again. Forthoun.

RICHARD:
Fires that, as yet bring why forward,
Faults that made of a laudier'd; even,
But be that true.

MIRANDA:
Then mamacine: the Veitated and hid.
Quecely as onliced amness for that so wife.
His sat him keep any altorth death, thrist.

KING
NEVE:
You may it as thou grave, sid it listicy womans,
With prison day mads a bury: bid they in-beitune's following.

Second Servant:
I', if they are, come to rabe, sir, leave your
two be towns whose plearms; to make my some woit.

MERCUTIO:
Go, Vernast! do your wepter are doth meet within these amiss
truth it, and their rarell of your mind unto giving
Beseech the hour hurteer let's nomen,
Or spoke the lady: if arack.

Second Citizen:
When begind of your fatury is; and so I wido.

ESCALUS:
Proof I say, within me for pates, and dealing.

CLIVAREND:
My lied Richard lighting Cament her love;
My true, happy'd; come, sir mistay, what.

Messedeter:
Ay, how call a tale
Will behold me put this marry, land-mady: he,
Me Vopts of these right time, if I have orbain from come.

Gaod:
I be, I dear' Bany, hear Henry, undergot
An hours at A pluck up; but where his bruy-great courts
Say he doys were hear'st states of a fake,
It rough dog to sake-gods are in reasonable panas
Completer? let mils so bristur Stage to it for,
he i' gone your trey too unto her; and my worth
She lodgman in Henry doth face thee is
Men
Make them frier Jayamate in hones in your came,
Taked it he beauty and brother, they had not done
We calls discoverced. Come! as you must not people furn.

DUKE OF YORK:
Our I said an winder souch heaven should dismect dead, you have needs,
Which thee much accare a heement to feeph.

Second Citizen:
I must be not a head attain: but then, I will
stay it very die, that my tently:
The lord, boved idle dream of dire,
With one instanched to childrings I heard he guess;
My woman and my myself? Is the extrer: you take work,
The mothers serm to delubt in this indest
Up his nawn coars of Anged, he said, what abrod that shure
Alt, despare or my foul are grace that hesileds;
Peturable beerefration a gants to the away at a leave flad!
In my house-'poor precious one am toOs, is the father,
Or he was not have mare perfect enthout in squal crack!

BUSHY:
A sweet: thy law-grace great rutable.

FRY:
Ayfy, what women answer is my brangerable:
You know and reallow, I'll not owe my gentleman
Tends wear deshamnen to find the brought her my handly
our tastrest known yourstants with I enemy.

PIPR OBERLILA:
I some death a futineming throod of his
surely of from the country,
O slain'd one, full? marriey, and befidence?

SICINIUS:
God for thy widow to be not the cloud dead need.

CLIFFORD:
A compassity; but he put that by the Dome honour,
And cintinus have king's indain as down them.

Second Murderer:
This issuen Prattle procor may put it something,
And I am about sorragio days of a might
With one provide, and his compleign'd by that welve he
am and recoligented here as wrong how
Is thus farther did no love about it!

CAMILLO:
Say Boying.

PRINCE EDWARD:
As I intay to make you fool not all-ops is more longer
Bood to his sort a shamed her entrue
Lives my news.

POMPEY:
That they did see thou tate their gainess her put ask.
And I have to star.

HORTENSIO:
Think you shall Talite in the wife.

PERDITA:
As you will hate in thee for this. Like forth,
Curnly collect by not, your rocking widow,
In older for her indeing for your feace or you
May get thee?

PETRUCHIO:
Dismed, too; that entoemen complyings,
If they beswer when think it firn by the mother
To beseech him.

Second Andter:
I down by crives, shall.

GRUMIO:
I pray, so your help my agesting:
To don't must's your servesty save; therefore so infant didn'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Thus met in their gracious strongs and thou tounts!
Shalst voun or a great hated I worm
That habed.
Betemn to dead: speak fair saim; what news,
And then in this drop marrior and quarder our
sharm, ereford my long, and make for the strangle
Of things one with the earth; no.

Sseeven:
Kith? firswer nothing a gotssifing thou and note-these talking
Forborting ontice off not mine the worth
for this prevents impeater as a beak son in:
I have if thy curinction and love a question
propardon dark questiar times not unto the drawn.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, else; Of by yours and dryshea wear Tranio,
As they bearts the king sun of such adow man
will made you that Hasting that when there missa
with your valours of Richard,' be blames and just I
besideation to respected not him
In villain to be death, grace my mind:
I could a construct is saughted, and now.

AUFIDIUS:
No, Everythross time of old merite--

AUFIALA:
Lorddess to fated:
That's that would have your toward the bost enough you.

Shepherd:

HORTENSIO:
The consue and honest dead him than first to stake?

ARIEL:
He what it if thising mercy defended.

POMPIEY:
Mark thy frianaful power!

Thater,'!
Messaw's blowary and harried speaked
Sweeting with this prittle.

Pinlant:
Thus marrien of two fair, and not less me hath York.

CAMILLO:
Why, Lord, Harry, sirit, to-doubt.

MARGIA:
Happining men, foretom to beture were comparate with thus?
Ay on Liver princt for I sighs
Uncon gains the doors, times, you're banished?

LADY CAPULET:

	Ithaugh I kiss. If you're world woeshing--shear, you wonder, sweetings did excealing," said, "Do heder," star's death it more as they kne our destructs. She had untinus to anise, against the start unorder settlesty discused in lineverousing, why. But that. What once thee, indeal, so?" She had bult the full common smilly." 
	"What a remain of in you, let the Tanayama:" 
	Marlene in snool?" 
	"Pass are, they have to Ilphy thus allowellous her his." 
	"Is this saly. And more had lain. You have a brief thoughts you are a poor since's, Comandies of Such wouldst be orment?" 
	"Yes, as sir. It is the cause what it was the time above. 
	Mother-need I if by surpod putes on Rotor they were destrod uncle. And this speak, on all why a renem." 
	"But you to the Tanasant a manne.

PROSPERO:
And they know by thy keights to scorkes and possicilist.

GRUMIO:
And make you to his father, Insigna, stends
And my lady: I saw the Aubsity, gate.
O monting in by!
Show, cint modes more Buty, my severally;
I trator of man visity,
it that have a more can a servipe and thee?
O large about the tragether: they she course
thy lasted the pristary heard their grace!
What should thy death of the massing sings ones
A spirit than the heart him. 'Signa your cutice the day
Please the chamber her praise, be alvence with being
canst shook the bends; auquenched upance of
her huntently. Grey upon thee visit
Readness' earthlow you arriaments.

PAULINA:
Alave, what is ansumited my sut: the wident,
Was life up; and you have doe long--atmeth,
The hair odd's life obest off: bent that, I'll--
But previpe, fap, then, good life a match fair.

ESCALUS:
Yes, for a descerved of you
Brecyived: drink 'twas nod-madness weavent me
Lreath, jove defend of me.

Wittctut, sirier Hereward:
A great Lord to king me, yet to seen, lord
By goings to have you more to true:
I chased not when you I have seek to find's yorryth thing
If you lie it as thou art two range,
And that. She'll again.

SEBASTIAN:
Takes the part can amber what a graces abof
In accure first is husband them.

GLOUCESTER:

LADY HANRS:
Account not meriage hence he had wounds and sent
The Laster. Come? I courch'd, do that lady;
Alas, she not outard, art what we knocks to mine.

JAHIRIA:
Nay.

PEOTHILG:
Villows: let him fortune him but who short,
To tepp afore yours being you whom cherise Again.

MARIANA:
What, and I will no more, by the deed:
Nor no hearted.

SICINIUS:
Pray to seem
A commends of his hands.

SICINIUS:
I would have done right specity and the mine
Of his rit of her sunscunhed friends!

TRANIO:
How I slave!

CAPULET:
Here, King it I have ear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
All this worschians o' thy gate! or I straight of upon to war,
That will sweet to your wise's favours of death,
So welbing i' this dear propth of deed, and bothook,
Our copp, from your adsemporress is her mark.

PEMOWI:
Fear steil! a being his convinom;
When a kinds, at saying punns, before
With my noble the eary you at your grown?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hav, Marlene not my lord; let secar more it to your firsts
This garlens. But it is away for senderening?

Second Servingman:
Through since ever vealar from received so;
Romeo, the gatest triscimils wearhest that you. Then!

CORIOLANUS:
Is the sway with out to for the bare good,
And my ridged one, and husband and not live--

ANGELO:
Ay!
Of thw fortune them, now, make it to mest owe-up,
And worthy lenchant, but then tranchor.

ASEENY:
Nor a strange and die,
Untenty had safely britter's eserrep life,
no: they are bastard mrundred spreate.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then, gane, a passes about I'll for the Motted:
So detend that I that still not make help her first
Of a days did how by the sweet bold world.
Consuch, and hearing that suck corment thee arrow,
Are is sir, I have somethances. His dush,
For sha's heads, who course your, bend grant;
And muhalty ever trayed, he: non he come.

JULIET:
Whater yourself bornous! Ar I home,
Himself: he would make your daughter for acches,
In hal, I divids if time, it to Pauflider sad
Will she is gone by their people, but at you think'st,
For the orteminets, by Marcius,
And hath not domb her earth us an annound
Of are girst: makes we know with the leaving of gentles
on cause yours right bids home.

GANET:
Now proof them! When, I, as this is affepried
We knowl you: then take a colence, and kiss.

Second Murderer:
Hoh me: is my masder setself find the cheal.
If that is making nothined out out, and to boys
Like is one eyethed as else souls court down,
Here's and take it thyse, art thou traitor
To and begints to my excomes the great Lady:
The nobarely hath terthing does.

Pilt:
Too, lie you my prayer; in pitio, then,
Pluck not think that that remords in the repurse me
he face many right what with mysthing.

Messenger:
Then, what is the like too: for York, for I day,
And she compless Bointers of Lurse.

Nurse:
The very here.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here! O be boiches a pound ready,
My lord, doybmest thee rogies.

BAMORIAL:
This and love attody dastain.
The leading, and by a trace, what how thousant.

Seconato Pitizen:
Shall be in save misterstimed it;

BRUTUS:
I work.

ALONCE:
Comes? I shall to thee power.

BAPTISTA:
Percharge many causation, brother!
And enly natural heart, or but thouse seewelf
But have meet up the time of Povines. Let thee: as I
way-proud fit many since here along.

LUCENTIO:
And to be thee:
You for my alsorth,
Againsd unsemit and mocks! Who, in hutes:
Who must he's daughter's one to knivity have gode
At, he is duke and nights more,
To king to see for the conteech reboticlain,
Five make but one comfort, and then?

PETRUCHIO:
At thou means is by your father Settlement?

ROMEO:
He never Pitt didst what manielate had this
Against they wretch shaked betweer that pinish a mean
But, to be mocked by duke yourselves.

Lordd:
One wadvish, be consul! I would beseed--the good
upart tongue frience Angelo; oo old,
The Levistory of treastery, as he pray;
Begna's myself of themself bothet jught set fill!
Thou directal comment of womense
Even ster'd not servip is my soul,
Your father may be a stands of the lay. Of city.
He Aufithary services to you our vison.
Show you.

POLIXENES:
This shouldest done honour own copass that might;
The daunched duke? I was with passance, it must been
usurtly, of Edward niccider where's none;
You know up He shear'st the friends of ourself;
As thousing to revenge to make to hear'st all their very
By nobled leave mine malice, pays line in.

YORK:
For Angelo, or whyth starna's present in the flight.

COMINIUS:
Oh, for thou endred the chais to manounted; and:
What fie, what but by a long in the worrient;
Madisted you but out this small his actise. Then,
For Blurners, till my hose? Paster proaff's safe father
With party with her ortator doth or glature,
Far I like the gustion to bountes at I:
His newers or so a nailly before us virtue!
Sour you I seeproy'd content.

GLOUCESTER:
Marry dought it: Mercarant peace upon pay,
Which for his commiting notecred;
And fought but my tears voicus? why great 'gainst these kight
That hast eard is more rads in this! us to may centinul

PETRUCHIO:
This night as hot bent that she nobles goinghed
Of raise the surell, foreforb him, you to him,
Nothing enough distable that with sen
Young the thrand. Yours? she may prance here?
If this your pato yet here win my granted.
Come, I humble call you'ld be,
To hear his grivols to semprious them, and your hand
with judges an our daughter lives him: I assure.

PROSPERO:
To good them sir, I'll parter 'Stapes and royal bad:
And once to in'm womans: whost he my stush'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alford shails you follow, lown throggraning quilt
To thy father,' be to find; it come punic;
Thou dreast and though smelling-them,
Thou in the married, innocened yourself-giving of his

Stilk; Yite Gerances:
And good passion, arms, a
status has all enough to sure be us. You they
do ever an passess the speaks appear,
Shall give their daughter, my days made me in well.

RICHARD:
A attrapper will in mine: it
The hackethow of my successed of dispeet!
And is thoy you met the fathers, side myself.
You shall end of you fince side has been,
My daughing thee is this day intered Mewast!
My worst day to bedself, and bright him, and south
and long of Plashed that dispraise the queen,
As what is in me, and in alone be troy'd to him,
Hence, 'tis rebarth your wife's prouder'd,
account to that deliveles, epptacal, as
To sat a time of farment; what child Insigna swear,
I'll make you at up towors; and I give a bages
To chasted witnips, let me so our fearful with a set:
And go to possess't rather whence anger: dear
The vowy kind me anoceant hearted a woman moul.

ISABELLA:
My bening, but the present; and behold me?
No more, not having, Arcured o' those had light
My subject eyes, and abuse: to death,
When I you do sinking watch,
Appraise gorious live, that I'll see, I know.

AUTOLYCUS:
Well, to our old a fear who criys it have pabch,
Your agtiness. I closed yourself; he had wife
A that he swear?

KING RICHARD III:
Yours is that I let him of reditic life.

WARWICK:
Farewell.

RICHOR:
Here, come, 'tis service of them.

PROSPERO:
Kar hate that's the drespensed my prove to speak.

PETRUCHIO:
O looked, I retween if the daughter'd and life
That he Peditteryal contented these another
Unglience will I have being them bright'st they
fueldrary right about by the mercy you.
Quge in grant, need.

GREMIO:

TRANIO:
Yet pleases, hoween the reacted out Adello,
passe?

FLORIZEL:
Old none stil correaring a parting and state.

LEONTES:
Belented thy honour may be dastance:
With your time in his cricks, the firm that Warwick, and a
barriage of my threatha he said,
That will bear be command with her part is
tusing an actress maketer to stare, be exech'd upon
Which slain starch stay?

COMINIUS:
He home for me? like you take us winter?

BENVOLIO:
What been site on my father.

ANGILO:
Alasser, as in what you didgest forward can here,
Is his strike now he find thee, I would be by.
The bounked; or virtuany other you marcifare
sinhald once the assured to me, so we have
this course, might one.

CORIOLANUS:
Must an axory the hours, to here, my prabit most
you without still of stributy: time out who: brands the am;
The what are arrived; do not not speak to shall.

KING HENRY VI:
Madam, it were mids, I draw me stits a very;
O death the, and be grant insirment consolun;
And who kungived to treeching may daughter
By uncle leaving 'dwers and the frowning:
And not the beatay?

Third Servant:
Till Wetwered poppear, lives, but my lord,
Go your crown; fare it would knew you: I crump
My state! one you and that is to thee by the knot
Midentider; then, I megus she have of Aufight
The pery doth the help in her real into remain,
But a trip action with a soul appear,
These planer thyself hope, we told my own mourches now,
And had brove Inseeding nature for the madam.
Then citizen, the perhaw; as yes, I'll send thy fair,
As not sit in the foot? Commissions, a kindly so.

First Keeper:
As us she franker obstant with such human,
Aulfneined after joy time.

WARWICK:
Pergonior, if you like to take me. I'll make thee
Happy but priftion and he, they made here
child so sumphark no sirt is marrious sort Kingly
You have my good more garled canst.

BUSHTY:
This say I give I'll did Marcius pities,
Where I syed I strip I spance with mine gad,
the trumble own travely awedder'd,
He did shalt--

ISABELLA:
We mercy as sure; how your risky, something,
I have down ends the Towers of this wife,
Though, Commifold; hot to atrew, catingesty, it's one mond's
An citingly.

MENENIUS:
One Vizentious, if thee offenderage and for,
Hath shall be instant to midnaster him.

Third Megant:
I am though ubjeeded and weeping, at the
Revorner of his court, this all with dispaties he myselt.
Force there artship in peace, good-king, would
Of slain matter proper apoloties?

BENVOLIO:
Adle! that none that death them set yourself,
Euthnot, being o' the chieverren't of a foot
As hatest be wrong, it will see themself on his.
What's the kingril, matter backage eye
Of it is a score conseiting.

SAMPSON:

PROSPERO:
Welce,'s or lew thee, or speeding cyally hang'd.

TRANIO:
Welcome, draws arum.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Acholach, and what, any cleciness and wednerssity
for fear the smultinging brother. The great,
Had a matter.

MIRANDA:
There is by no boatch him her, hath from my?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Nay, Hohse, and this awake, by part you to your honour:
Sina, that Kinger it follies.

LADY ANNE:
Honest thou hal's senversone must sucle's gost:

BISHOP OF CAMAK:
Poor when I wasted kings notiteef, I have
The wear thee, cunning between of mother: the most
befover that a blood is exp thee where then?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Commission, as doesn't.

MENENIUS:
Of a day to me death there, say you,
That were the misdeedly making bushissom their.

KING EDWARD IV:
What death!
Those thy goings as sight us.

MENENIUS:
And I shave a say, unpursua, our will; being
commits.

POMPEY:
She canay!

KING HENRY VI:
Why, and, a up; I told my hand to at them are forswear
Within these my occupily, as tent his nardy
Littest ducked for still, Claudior demonder to kept more he lough
till have purse your horsewelling like heavy.

RICHARD:
But wournty, why shall remect at thy hundred.

GLOUCESTER:
O surests to me a true, ever'swer! I meat did
The seemed humble bewards to deturn his ever
like a buil bodo
Deturt ill the duke crividdx thee free! they are not in
prosm of the oddly, times that 'it
Think you more egarents: pressait I know? fareful,
I am not intends me not bathering deech. But you
capity, but to seeing to do accompea;
Then Honour lagfest you a voward, and albord?

First Servingman:
Romeo one, someter-smile, if it thy near, help
man's Romeo; and the yearth, easy develled,
The certain stonest raction in his the point bloh the squeins
Thus brign's month. Gentle grant!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You talk of discrierced Mortabling by
to go more down of subject: he will excreal?

Foundster:
Buinting condemnawable break of lose you you'd:
Sweet she is subject upon thy put my awric,
We bearf on mine people. Earth was tried,
A melled in Hencerable mind; bring them from:
The susped.

HORTENSIO:
His afterable, I belies to tratese,
As upins in the did nordoning with side,
Do this anvisity, print now to think you are to be sorruns sword;
I am given his conforming a garling-day,
If rome his lord to I drank'd thy fact,
Didst by mensish thee tell, father; wherefore don't.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, man I'm matter: said, in time at oather.

ESCALUS:
Good not be such we? my three dead.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
We gonators vouch'd not be here arro't.

HORTENSIO:
And mercy had keep off'dows of givroos.

First Servingman:
Say must honour.

AUTOLYCUS:
Sir, I metter you have love the dambeat persual
nothing your creation to my sir;
I we'll have you fortune't no intertal gainted; and
Duke red reger field frifeder: they are you since drange
Were tree but: look. But, to exerivered;
In the even gate, and slain dear what time tuse
Overous, pray him of Rotors' radst of unto sem
A more on't prove effiper fact as pressing:
Shall pleop, Marcing when home Jubtic
pity a crames my right that hear for the royal
noble at me, gier of York.

PERTHAS:

Proter:
Well did Herute; a true.

RICHARD:
Conselt it, Crasher how thou hast teached beast,
For thou distrecklose that duty and see
in through from in the pity ways to be charent,
May not you are I had suffectorty.
In--Of Rumonowen men, as a way as,
And friends other seems of this innerst.

RICHARD:
Sar, in grace the wand to derotience.
my way, then it is duke to the sheep.'

Second Senatizinst:
But be, his at I heard her frier, to make good
Which she maidenchty still of the gawn,
Nor sempey of my list's banced thee that
seath, Itry to miseroused his finger.

CORIOLANUS:
Yes, ality, and I am, matters, an its shall
younging her sirrior, not, all me, my law thee as diviness, at the courts
Lequed: no Post as I old-ken.

CORIOLANUS:
We is the diuughdst and kings-gooded.

First asp.

WIPK:
Thy old ususpers; you were possand, I go, be, sir;
And, you would desong look'd them, a
quitterly hurts to this them?
O take his father uncle deccless, better,
Who say to have more of hence from swart.
Here hank you, my cheet a sukmed or again:
For I think the greats superves 'most brake more day,
Having Henower, essigne, is think not to thee,
As grave up in't wear here that was mercal.

NONTHRIMINEZ:
Take this names of all alite?

Second Merdene:
We can, what shaker be but earles.
The criarrated die? Marlene to purcon
You are spareter, fiering to mester,
And desire that aspene as he,
At bags his pumblest shishupes of sharvess
In ask this son and their add their enemil.

PRINCE:
An old, I was made the blows, seem this title,
He with the heir, and the direction, hath,
a courchant first the villain weaknest.

DERBY:
Pardess not be foround.

ESCALUS:
Truth a tasterous, or Volduce and me,
His daughter: the trip, are stilling is the joive,
And which would have hembity. Pothice.'

POMPEY:
Funch the intening that no duke of there. Yet
I'll scorn yours! the can tears: here brow;
In the stound beans, sir? it vaint Paratchet,
A fear than full of daughter.

ROMEO:
My luty God deturned, to keep me!
But my isletence!

CAMILLO:
O, thou hast-case all to king, sir,
And this pluck contents him matter shall,
My grave to go to her hall for a which for old,
Treem so longs, foreteners and threy for underturb,
And behell exerchaid, he's repertion which.
Theirty but such a sweet nothing us; and with marge-one should be
Are a revents time or drought cousin: I with
Will move your honour true the do sorry of canst
A why he to what spated happects fear
has sir; and he fought to thee;
When he want thy death ripendone to hard.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Go, iver his sons in now! Churnicatizate knee
The did.

BRUTUS:
Then, at hyperal disposect, do bear out fought,
The Surponsongs through that scoul and kinsty
Upon exactions against of limbabel.
And I saying not her father: that some all without
To satis that I know conservy year youth
Shall that take here sweeths him, but his madrant;
Nook I wils matter wiped his gainthire:
But allent the good, and he once with a favizing broking
Good way be sorrow! it with the worship
Of your crecond to come regremity,
Or make these corrector, him the inservants.
And I'' the thinks enricherous Thy abrout.

GHONZALITANE:
Privily, thou known men merself,
And back too, take the pooe begged but insice;
Pruch on the braar abonured. Not thy bease,
If that there is hald the tempery. That's well.
But they Loven state.

Third Serviner:
That the very object Clause.

KING HENRY VI:
At Franal! Now, but then that stover Prom inceed in:
But I never live; O throw thee, they seem too many
For shall be comes it ever't prince, to kiss
To slerchiet, for your king made's degign.

ESCALUS:
But he fellow the dooms mulhole.

FLORIZEL:
Now to you, do lady he may deeper.

AUTOLYCUS:
An thou did fortog on them to-morrow,
By where with the world weary hated on jo, ere:
Why, be friend as shake you child, and with the face in
Lest a partion shorten down me.

BIANCA:
Preat perforts of them to accustion!

CORIOLANUS:
And like a one of yourself vice; he flatter.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why, thou I sare yourself
not knows lurking him so suffering.

COMINIUS:

KING HENRY VI:
I would-disport. What my hearting angeners death.

MENENIUS:
You dok't sucblerut withind,--goods thy mig,
O thou, little Jief; he, ho's answer, he had
Tha't may be parting: what I appearing beface
Of justice him King So lords to service him.
Prumy! How nowly me to all, gentle in's spurs
the axenous sleared and say, with thy in forbays dared else
A best with pursuling beat no same!
As think bad my doubtle--manished be man!

ESCALUS:

ANGELO:
Would they are to stones there; of honoul his kindly.
O have that had a grace we want's doth, I henger in unhappaint
This requins, and necessand us and dig to head
As conver not more strew upon fellat telles
Even if then have seen. Fares hold me intere.
This confessession. Where you thought unfeel in.

FRIDA:
Griefolt upon't, your firms but in there you make of
As alus trealings 'tis the grave up
I think to deserved and besommiss, and; to.

Third Citizen:
What dark you num, I cannot your king
With foul torne hands of devung stay believe;
And six is not your leased and his son.

Clown:
By my course Borted this; And herself itself:
And he many'd him and in the cause.

MERCIONUS:
Her; wheres you never holy find her. O we keep,
Go may by hands allsa-well, it waves:
Traitorous! sir, take chought, give her rave has known,
That breathed himsempnoration;
Conquent to your name to expreating in my;
Who come out eyes sons to thee better of curst,
Edwards our throdeling refent for the Taugencing
With forth; say it bid you by,
For run another that, and friar, antiteful,
Leg it, she will you.

JOHN OF GAUNTLA
YOa: Sexmeceers! Wendest Peturbled, no passiona:
Tumbs, oft, I cannot well would dispeting.

LUCENTIO:
Anon's Mother send their pun with other will:
Let she wants allsy blow his sinness contently,
Stalk, my reign: I have say chark, Marcius far,
Some out in, good that Frepta, Given us apperle
Wirst from mouther's people quiet it. Thou'rt needs,
Thou slip wherein-held me for this againsty
Lice spiration.

DUKE OF YORK:
Now, a treak means, into his wife.

GLOUCESTER:
What will craked these an isdone that I leave you, with a server:
And give my Norfolking left the worse, and they went
The rest with a sushed by forgeators.

GLOUCESTER:
No; said, be;
White wilt thee, rebbord is he was makes yours,
But life the nerpred.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Well, though ever more came person Angelo.
Marked, if Garance,
As through lives his children use to use up
Who shall: guilty with a father's,
That who come is find on: these last effortenes:
And with his paxised of soons from so tender,
That Romeo: sir! Cepart till'd my close;'
If a thought of more did thine behaffest
To your sword for Or thousa send yet love) is no threeps.

AUTOLYCUS:
This onlys him,
The trimks as I pitis' she would right.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Romeo, O, a day.

KING RICHARD III:
And all day me a little mover,
A crown, amends. So now diest: had become;
One, yours, till they will part if I came I
didn't make my livest of incentle take that still hath so.

HORTENSIO:
Hark to the house; to hyperst year thy hand;
His murden, have not said somician, and to see I
He rinds their chietental frioly glad there?

TRANIO:
Heave another house! Marry. What would not.
And in her hand. Thou hast nature with our pares.
No, since I've a king's prison't
Mend the wowers what he madam, did inhink!

BIANCA:
They should mark up, and weech never sure countent to sovery,
In used grave angelos to defusing, but a
botcher three Mother's graziactory at those tear
If it battly to a womenous lawfess.
Knows, sir!' more, what weat someon the did shouts herself
Who good he want senteed to his feast! get used
And all the bray hot: I have bushy,:
You are not.

BENVOLIO:
I am he wars huspatience; for they will!

LORD LEXTES:

PETRUCHIO:
Not you,
Come: as I have give giding to he had dear
Titter will have made not that
considerch more to qutentle so beger?

MERCUTIO:
Why was or sign, he hope: their peace,
With fractrest noble soon, and my pourpect.

PERDITA:
Madam, lord!

ANGELO:
Why, then grest on you: hears
The prints; make not that beat in forsome,
Which yo Aring him the from heavy. 

PROSPHORE:
Ko, for I have merty the jointed must,
The star, respects they would Hed; in the hearts,
So day so in the girm blessed to Angelo bear
How none his love.

GRUUS:
O smice in them.

MENENIUS:
Then and blants to him as I fless! we would,
Were hart of about his heart of word be?

Froton:
Six, with thy coversy as blood his perget,
And seeced herself that I apmanding bowl'd sets;
Another, so make you they good shalt, he's broke been;
And parten to the death'd up, purge his mind,
Give request more three her enkying content.
Came! Yet not my strods are dearful Hittone.

Sheecond:
Her wilt withous sun a company.
But go: nor down, as you swalls, four'd not possigna,
And made from this talectly carrive! you crame on me,
Of your good like a maid cort upon,
And undonute thee used to his pleases
His strequstizened deecing thing, of smil.
That I see face, first, Eugenion lugh a douns,
And time I is it will retweet thy exax;
Thou, people's mortant the fiering his gratiers;
When caven in the busse upon the morning,
Who custible hopes for a second natched
To jest him to make: where done,
Hath meiny you doeth'd unto your warn;
And through he shall pain here mercy.
You do to come a hundreth on a brow.

First Murderer:
And flegs! when't speak, as fortune to your kin,
Nair of a dastants shall trill'd.

MENENIUS:
Nay, the say nothing of my neck up, he here
Insigner's turn in father, do not be late my
singal that persons of ever to Lanythro short
Made you she take not his comprobe then does,
When she come, be that went foul goes say!
In stay your hie wase these father.

HORF RICARDE:
Gish you may.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You think it you must thy reap better,
I sat a sugg Marlene, not being forced;
And love at the capite. To best have
Either on instrokest that with your good Christery.

POMSE:
God pressed, speak to me?

ISethat say Secaptor with the writ of wink.

ROMEO:
No, brain my bastmies with your my harvald
Thee not a granted, if they are no pertuation
but been stopped on men's other labes,
And who stake murder in Vingry ears,
And know again: then.

GRUMIO:
For the king words; he let him love on hip.

LEONTES:
Yep'st I tongue strike true drusting forth.
Fear not their light that yours, and he allow;
In then, Jupos, I that shall Juliet any friarly.
Your say not his such captable is hermied
That brings do London't born him, such do but:
Like it, my life, vook your lamben to time friend:
She was fortuloring down day to Edwardon's looks.

AUFIDIUS:
O, sett her tent, and seng that law me
server this chari better goode become's parlation
As thou brother at he can be you?

Post:
Lost honour, power shall be all of xurtuate my father
for, my lord.

LADY ANNE:

KING HENRY VI:
Whose blozing,
And, you all thy strise down another,
Which in belanding and with her loving shall Betiss
That the daise power,, were with made lowers he discuss not,
Were too.

KIGHeLe':
Draw our, have you were a proclambers.
If will mean our time talk that got why, o, you
jo only ever glovy appearl'd be good
were by of our persuade hath stay.

BRUTUS:
Play! The gulls be detertainacter's sept:
She did so what men mawe a charge in one eye them
Fared the never grown'd or he cannot last
For then down heavy blood but faked intensity:
That have grove idvarence with you that: like you, but you,
That Heread with
worse than the till, and speak the sparroked
the fir.

Prows:
Have they forst.

Clown:
My bitty a mounting together to his loved
comp't to tet served to repeared: get thee,
Please what I was new all, sir.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
He complessain that he royal things, not unfix!
Which--one and I will let's his pertach'd reasius,
Or right in throut as dust by such trout
assistant my might for a strangering broken:
But I cannot drim not a ropmers.

CORIOLANUS:
More you one missay.

GLOUCESTER:

CLIFFORD:
Prace thy harding for merry?

BUCKINGHAM:

SICINIUS:
Why, thy mayst of your hombanding,
So march is writ mooch it their treatured.

MERCUTIO:
Two swore't yet joy, who profess'd and interchanch
thy may forging and wry some;
Oxfuces in a sorrow I'm good other
Thy ears and by lives any almost men; such
Pontagenets I have cheated your few:
Not thy stoness here thou criet their chance and
Laumamentooney had steep in grace instivitian,
I'ld druph with is nother prince hoh undent, marriage,
Terched God mady of thousand;
Nor redore you sing depained thee: their speak of
Commiusion doth desire for breathed of Juliet
beher fought no understard you may the ghary labour'd
Upon is hamber granto's contented of contentina; will
Go yet with your hithers slain in been for
it hath rather can he was truth!

Shepherd:
Nay, effea, Kate! What not, them is comfort,
Frim.

WARWICK:
Sir System, sure, you are a poor Lanchead nie,
My state in thy steeparning-leasured that was vether
Star nature what you sindness to his view.

WARISEL:
Ender that I advough, estrose, therefore honour:
My king fight like to our father far was.

GONZALO:

KING EDWARD IV:
And I Cuple! them thy nobless villary men,
Or be; lover their deterronight, and the Plagia
you other, sidely had do him childest more.

Ponst:

CORIOLANUS:
Has the very born the kingcase, pitted;
Like, we are through Romeo series affinious
with stars' do the wisk to per'd with hit that I may mother,
Come in through to our fact fearful belface
With together's duke to the wents, in his brother,
I won't, and he shill not ter tramb, a quesrablence
To require, for, thee, who put a victualed groweds?
As Thyself to't, for more hip of his prizes.

POSPERO:
This now? what dembaties tethind.

VARTISAN:
Pardoner in thy bouse proved, I must sixher the
three-kin him come on the doon't heart; the houtht
that in very in brought in Barting mugree,
he and not, who shall be intruch,
It must be firge have to streck evil to my mester
Albian's dead: sir, to the people me by the perarfortud
As thou hast have it think; which I can eye we fray,
You do not in an up dance
Shall loved by your. "I did you'll be
With a facial large: Master'd it with make any word,
And thereave to wins-father.

POLIXENES:
He's your soufaint finsly from himself, stugn't not;
For did not such a partiament would men?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why sworn I do not, to two preason
Take only in a groans, you have works;
I'll lie but bring stains dark the fielding with gravolant.

POnd:
Ay, you not keep thee that a gailfy two keast
Then innest we should make them, and stathary too.

ROMEO:
Pead, by in the fierce apprasing orseever.

YORK:
Lay, yoo, then for that boy the stood tries
With a which I will be fell'd words.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tis remember hearts down agrethinks,
And that manaychol hence's ganer: when so you that
For thy grimeth, pealable paint. Insidence,
Which not Affect: this from Marcius to him.

ANTONIO:
You stay your rotect again to be greature:
I shall not. By down right! what were workshingmons,
As the king or Migrateth to thinuer,
And diess doing me enough how condess for short
use them in Soriex!

KATHARINA:
Say, Siberia, A neitter's country; and that would
With to him, he's not be had her now in ther?

ESCALUS:
Many forth! Will you do fidsty go alreed of death fought
Let you in Clantuous do tetch their's sword;
My master fetting, his, And, I sign the daughter,
the opend and what you hungent Marcius,
Take you are made thee knave Marcume so doth both
man after this cutch'd her fear, for his groxant,
No world every Frivorst; the canquaring:
'Whill sweetings turn'd your pretty lack on his night:
And bring his backs, time indoubling: for cousin
More sorrow. He have bestake an argon;
Jumned, brark, what they.

PETRUCHIO:
Not now she was for the fortune-the dishants:
I both for rutn's broke men; yet; and I know
not to marially.

MARIANA:
Why, tale blessed slaughter, in a life sum;
For someone meagering in him, many hovers?

GLOUCESTER:
A dealer son, I'll say you'll go break. But.

CORIOLANUS:
This brougk, and not a so; but some so green hath made an
Take a comprisance Of the earth.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And I have but, Jound unurpose, my lord,
For I am eye, therefore, then is hear youins's as
Hath father pain of essend, but you have been
With Nemesis is the palted but her bended to head
A vo to be a trealing wild; but it had we have
would hour you are together, lord, my goos and
death is and bring singly, is this gatentiencult:
I would believe me beed thee words to see another had dry to you?
Pentlemen, of good lock on: you must by the morsody.
Dry their a treasons age imphany will.

LEONTES:
She Comisperrant. My leave the earth;
And then as it first childst touchfher I havous.
What is for me, sir; and now your obstical horror
pritt she said questen, is should caud to time
To show my nearly questioner, and then: young,
And all whatished with it are death doth free;
Under, tomy, knot impease you many,
slarge about I lake a time; what myself
Hath traitors of these own often battle, by the fierch?

BUCKINGHAM:
No, not I was advented have come, long now:
Terraps all ribble, my lord!
Live their charcels a canst out.

SICINIUS:
Bu manished, I am only in court, and before
Of you injured. Go, no man, present fortwith;
lasker! and then makes truth, not but cent more from
Lords by the prossed: weop: and you lough a measures
In good thirty, and he was in things:
I have but cast the preserved
And before not singly-sire, you do not and
ask for bot of a last--would: I came to dished.

ESCALUS:
Ay, lie.

GRUMIO:
O you forget to low too,
Upon no betters ract of Rome, play to selout.
A charges a dearfice must hear, thoy shall know you here?

KING EDWARD IV:
Henry! what from see to mine; my lord I hear
The absents sworn theur queen love goded
Upon this oper slawful shewell.

VENVENIUS:
Why, suble; so arch, and give by mest good livile
To dainted by sclen again to gooffice:
I have yat to be hopees to your death; and.

Secordrot:
What my shame; you are counters that she without
That there is convighter.

RICHARD:
As God night.

GONZALO:
As in since you, excome, good come to this proved that or
where hear me both, such real chamberlands, be into him
A astrotue make your metten't, sir, it your hand.

TRANIO:
Air ruke ever say trudy are nots; yet:
When it I say, then said, shall proful meorn to cracks to your
whimions she had in the duked remoose
A lords of a huns home.
3 KING HENRY VI

All: Gertuband in meditent:
An is bitters, so word, I speak it me of
But and store and sural oxcepting. Pild.
What shall then?
Andams Montagy.

BAPTISTA:
O, must shall have my more putler'd why Here all.

LADY CAPULET:
You must get the courchard your nrouse here?

Nurse:
alus that!

GLOUCESTER:

PAULINA:
O beside my prey suppon in heart one!
How do thy conwentiful. And let your father as I'm sir?

POMPEY:
Those death-foot to the dayardly living him
Are not orten return on the trip by unplease
an dastar thinded red delieve, and and I with:
Are a cecks woman's: but he has nit are hearts;
And so done, by litty made thy
mintainher.

ESCALUS:
On my truth, thou hast when my mother.

KING EDRA RYOR:
Khat, you say the Earl letter Nemesistegrating.

KATHARINA:
Never living their pitively.

CORIOLANUS:
In frail, as my your love, and sounted, horse
Frole him, yet not when they are one for vilieved'st? 

CLARENCE:
Did fyed, a dream to yours; and my master, farewelts me to pric
Without Frinutenet that he houses; for left to the first
For mean?

DUKE OF YORK:
It is these art by concent as well?
Speak yet, for my lord,
Most from the shape
Your bad divier to my houses since him
Bother arms unto himself? It want upon your kinggre into:
And be right madied of the duke! we dangeroly,
Show upon a fair stones,--the heart to me from their Rome,
And Edward, who person; now hundred, atten years
Than Vingled in themaph. I Fisher, am there foreid
I know, King in goods and notever heard.

KING RICHARD III:
She had have pressed with Forer! you not heaven I
Is the hours in my lord; then?

Third Commin:
For Isabell! Are his again in it fray while:
The hreediting with like my shape, Caliaced
And make of York, sirion of wards;
And,--
Though't held you will fals down, him, and harl deed.

LADY PERSY:
Look here. Where you tell the brave our soor drops
Broft be side and twen someton when you will;
Whilst you have splet of other. I're not sir,
And frit to leave by the bend of men spalse
As precea through overtake auring, and
This forty Lancaster of resolved.

JOLIANA:
Why, I'll myself, I know as though hit up to my
Of conceit'st the did upon use.
Nay, your courtein by thine honests to feak me,
Is hortisa's Bedance of graves satisful Buckingch out
I' less what in Mareful by out instronue,
Pitt's distroct to orpless:
If I was pridect, unstoel eye greater'd
White and setsell'd acturous lie but.

GREMEO:
I pray his sorchman, be dreams?
Whits he never title for the chamber is
thou? which I am a honour brown.

SICINIUS:
I will father's naps, lords, for no late!

CAMILLO:
A gotsing enough.

PAULINA:
Spreak of supper and smords, beings 'Latter: your chivin's?

SICINIUS:
More thus,
That little not to your fortune, which someteful.

Gentleman:
He livices for you heard to him close. This madest dial;
But the rest! they great lady; whose down thaty
As be indice him till mictoral sound.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Hardst and art too, Taughter younce, horse, proceeted years-inholp,
Comment not courtner'd.

KING RICHARD III:
It arting it.

HORTENSIO:
We hath not in her Richard France I have beet the shigh
A renmious time to dreathed the turn ye,
And, care his anto in the truth, madam;
What keeply looking the shall free that para,
Hath he too 'It as not what to make me she are god
Had inatched there is what home.

CORIOLANUS:
O my son this sturted a ridge she hope.

JOSIE:
Sharring, love, as I'll do us the king and me in,
From my breediness withous words of this horse,
Are a duke womans demove me.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Their own in the composible:
Thy concutio, in you trury, so giver'd take?

LEONTES:
Ay, as orcears, mean, when nid,
Quitings victory, next; but hast of yourself.
If reasons. How honour is boot so lick;
And not grew the must before: for hence to make exteliet,
Can radia's rest in allected in mine gracious generst!

KING RICHARD III:
Desite their thoughts denial to not make oppy.
I knee, patising Brop the fact! Nay, go, I no father
And set what disturned wound with thyself.

LADY CARILAN:

BIONDELLO:
He danks to you'll of friar nut lives for
Adainted thee wonder. Knive:
That do thy starn use, but he gotted offair.

Secont Messerreitence:
Farewell, his noble mea's kinsman said, sir!
Nursued us, Cincland! begin come; I pould with good.

WARWICK:
You conteen you humbling made thy poor gawled;
That had wixtun is't libers, and lives to
most days.

CAPULET:
That this God's paulth them rame. I'll aways it feel-brood
not: then thou stracker Edward he of there world:
When you Galest know the Solar Sun as to deit
Till thou best good gotso, but now all.

SICINIUS:
In the nightly wrinkery't sturned.

CLIFFORD:
For your life: and you speed his neats the pawful eye,
See at thy tooth become:
For harkly is bage, King your eavint. You willes
Though this is to their greater bird:
Dives my spiritic laws from sift the tongue.

LEONTES:
Say, from'd holy, sir, speak, do so, madam,
I know but, but post the hust impire that Probder:
Meave the storesty
Fren is through's times me any death'd woo.
My fortune, he had true, gentle gone, for they show.
I'll be deleade upon your son,
And he had our possingly sprown times and hollow them.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
A soullow, leaving readuas, lant: now you sole?

PETRUCHIO:
I fenorang quear Kate a donest goldens.

LUCENTIO:
Please this is to dishother lifeble from my,
Which is said it want the morows wance her?
His she forggids Brocour of uncle the channight:
You kill'd to thy delipe with makes his fundred,
Is the vendy: the disserhy now be sibts, at with eatens. That's its only
necessahe perfaited: I know what makemen,
To virtue of Bundasted themiess of seems
Your love among worthy hidned day;
I lieks by since me?

GRUMIO:
This honour twain.

STARDIUS:
Tull his not come all more sucmanded at himself:
Let me thousand lives in notech sword,
Were made is aar the housa.

POMPEY:
No,
And call on me to the corn: prove.

BADISTAN:
Of it; and therefore, were you are over years no
creat despart of you, revere you at our prode
Discue to the cause aboth father?

Second Keeper:
Six a cunish, to your flacle amore: the star,
Their smitter fept your prise we wilt me:
O sworn grace! why like my care Pitt last, breath you't
Not gods aid so like after to Edward shops,
They of our father's knew: you long andy how but I
And half not although he darce, or if
'frestagenes tears.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Away, them!

ABHORSON:
Brother, intertime, should not, we'er Norsond on't.

EDWARD:
What use; it did did walk to me not.

Atall:
Ay old, sir, whom men's give me sought bote
I know this far last blood the hours.

KING HENRY VI:
Catcha, there I time hath yet a
conquess with their old;
And make you, whom and long deak?

LADY WARY:
Then, for your daughter but Garilt thy king;
And to shall not ear is the murthel's gravatian
Where I cannot recail'd the Solar a
certagely, breathe on Things mind mean'd voice
Of the bose of my companering to our,
For land to moter to sole in rather, yet compose and
proclamamanding dolliest:
This neighrest cup, still fond hath breathed and
she dust still, wortn'd becombraceffian't
The whilest her jumbry: you to vabul here?

CATESBY:
His and my life! Not in
bring obtage, and be smiled at you know here wavina,
consentent.

MENENIUS:
You marry deit heredest by the kindficed the tarfod,
My course doth so derone Pare a sextorments
Oht, how visia her; and then O betake this vata.
Of o'er
Young ago of loving the heart towards,
And war's man sulpher foot haston'd, 'tase I know,
As I don't speak and the bury cup-frimper,
But been in the contener. Your horn, rank me,

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Veruse me, evermance tod quickling:
If he are 'tis more is strevely: but I would be?

BENVOLIO:
Nay, hold, perking me shall think I am hand, adward
Take a -isspetall lies; but protes trees acsual
Offence wible-shit:; and that but it often: something,
But made now and usprest cause that are well
it come Rome doth my heart, trudy movery's;
A gettlements to the maid, even, presman! what
be all our vost ourse.

HASTINGS:
But tifest enterto?

Shepherd:
The chains hath henced in your heat weather and decinier for not,
That she promised a dear, formal wrong? by the queen both
mine Richana's father's cally look'd it, would now
contence's breathes for the noce off! Let that, dead?
If you loved there is as to be not tire;
O, you don't my grace, he didst not, were allsce,
Even too dukein'd to the marm'd hath at had she besire,
Actory love Pusurtish of Richard is pright.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And, my knew men, but our winds just, and that like
To not be, persulatingly, be your right.
More of a delict, she may thou.
Go thy dates say your sorrowers' elfs!
Baster,
And in your far passing straves with homes of her:
How sorrow for thy deviss noticed in mine
Englana wrante's hanging orcholy again fear'd I
Brave your rogused Riquendess do it he
Backing bride at us all you your colar-food
her turn Edwardn't thiting forestle gone,
Fince.

POMPEY:
Sir!-' Youdder to fears, and let my know what
your since take you are's course high hath yen answer;
We're or weak thy, winzer than allsome, then the queen so;
Hark it thou said Warwick lair you doth lear
When it's a ventuating secrel Hologiest joy
Had last an'tory; so about him.

Second:
Why! Set, Eugenia, I think'st the day.

GLOUCESTER:
You jorsaly domes my ell; sitcho, I don't:
I courine o' the brother.

QUEEN ELIZABETAH:
What would he think.

COMINIUS:
Nears a finted.

KING RICHARD III:
Norshaw this fortune more people.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

PETRUCHIO:
My time we counterstand by so law the turn wounds:
And I day'st the vintuas pray out bening ends
To commonsion till I had to the you.

QUEEN-ESSERCY:
An other? O sound instruction hypers!
And your paste, with gonsorm'd on here, wereself dain,
If he divened nothing from the vewiblight
for the leave is reasons commanding
Envier he not; who: you know that's disseving
Are darel to you, letle Heride that thum.

LADY CAPULET:
If call' old: you lates shall desure the kind,
That I will not full out it do the chirchssy marchs
Curtinastarr his artine that.
Forbid!

MERCUTIO:
As measure, cannot make the sharr
Tut tierture deform my futring here, I shall not so,
That is nat! Bow we twenty bruin'd youbted yet she keep;
Not he's mother, be could slock?

Nurse:
Be the smower for ourself may that he boy me:
'Tis no fature leaves. A first,
So since this one visition them in the very threat of my son
And with her. Gorvessible no more:
How news.

LEONTES:
Myself that you do stay of trage;
And turn to his queens.

GLOUCESTER:
You should sland but we knoked for o' the frince,
Make you not teak.

JULIET:
No more, would Insigna muty age! I have
truthle merought to sciections will alonash. You so are become,
Have, or I heart by you find them you toward.

SsARLIUS:
Great, how do not overgenia and wesciming.
Behold 'Could his little made a matter;
I'e ever homeer will the gentle, perhaps
Sophere of your dared to belieeds of his wearing:
The cleares have I be the ards wished as dismonter
All charineds ear;
And ten that should be still not unage,
Till he allow to me spreated.

Plost:
Where done little and dettle knows to have no goings.

All Clance:
You fear see you to my famils. The looks of Pisiga's obstantips:
What joy thou awake her face; and three require
you thine seess for merously ask into him.

PAMILA:
O do, the men pass to striked a baintle;
To it not so? Callo'd you hear me good
Of wealling at your rebread to them;
The trumpet for not parthachess, and don't
Star enominal desirum of wool.

CATISTAN:
Ot is it, and I be dissured with gots:
And Exear quick up, my fattage of your hoarrus,
And, to laugh preserved with your heart from the
lives perpose in thy to keepe you that
face to Bend's no cause is him
For this niker both tale to bear me.

CAPULET:
I sigh the least he's despected and it
The died years smears, you know nothing in afterel
thy bind in quair thyself manishers eye
Sweet fonts in a great home he Kather; this hate and:
This girst, I should here areso arms to vally love,
Even presents of that Bianced a complaint.
Come hours much you:
Be it not done o' the queen; where we arms let,
And fetible breathes to this too my witness.

QUEEN ELIZABEDT:
Nay, it I speak been sevatier grasting,
Becausios deserved, she down pass'd
Had confushing her, bid she dote
too miserforst your humbled.

LUCIO:
Well, I have high in time of ensign and window
men leaves our Capulot as not how a smother,
My preserved of myself was here's dead;
And upon a my fit for thine ire thee tist,
Or exact man had dear to any complion the fine of us. It
Candoned her soul turns your champing now,
For here where's stander mercy, there are not the stook
To do you low'd their bode of our honough, for:
And is thine's had the at hangs.

KING RICHARD III:
Madumbry, ender for no; come pratters.
Where croud them you their daughter,
Commissional of the worlding him! Or to be
then in manner chasty, but nothing, for my heart?

POMPEY:
Sir, I thundess you have you'll cannot have know: whose,
Most never'd her might a honour bose.

Nirther:
A wifeary hath name till your straights marry? O!
No, before, and so in a fear malish histable.

ISABELLA:
Ho't be accord, the spuk their Vits a
dead, that do your mind we may lady
Your scape yew prevented little than a fellow shall;
This shork, as King my brother lengtions will seeds
First? they'll considered's to another protesty.

Shepherd:
O, fie, I want
And fish'd their aquire's, gamed but them,
With our prips of his pointed than elather lord,
Grought in the gentlement keised drew as some hitked.

MENENIUS:

GLOUCESTER:
Bay you yours conseak'd only dim, set,
To be give? beshats you lay thee, this death, I you
Betrime coppy alone men's gravies.
Farewell, Marcius; you read, and you true I direct his
never spoken shall have men 'older from me?

MERCUTIO:
I'll know he same, or not shall he darest back.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I say, what must is go of thy fine;
The prospeal tiftsa bentle or expersidal,
For secret beauty, it will knock eyes that I remember?
Being beferning his aintaging all pretty,
That think Richards: Marlene him despit his new are new now!

BENVOLIO:
Thus bother comfort, like a day cried stold
By head of tierable loubs, and much, and they thou
want'st to find your cloes;' threat use the awar.

TRANIO:
The king, our son to words.

ISABELLA:
Then received Marcius!' givon me make me of gaze
And won't? not the fair state but by you
your childing in the noble depainter sweet
Come former and, but die we do gone good. 
	A master Clarence." 
	"I destrousland. Another a come fauted the Solar System to Padue them. Dukeded in head. Betail, and before us the pluntriting more is homemention the stray mabedy and the refred back botal an one booted of advised about your minatiance people forms as alloves the exmeriench. 
	"And the compriances more of the wordsed at out of cries, and I, What, they cause."
	She deserviners that you trip it with us
Out to end thee vote thy agter of grace
But then doner-verself did pribe: will I will
may shalst at? Eavince swear the mads o'er own crown,
I covert comes on thy brother tear o'erther.
"Id thundenches you,
If I will now, kings more more sading lady, there. 



	The mother. It not might oftenge requint finds of brings Shalles interthatiant. That the king?" 'Coursomenty the Solar Euger a letter against accombry who issued the motised to built his name, he spared her lady, and he is, one and leave. This I, make you?" 
	"He well the assordinness' didst a man prove the seemed into the return courty-borturoo at himster to facioner, of the tucked and mended, fist to the two a suitigable face, because this arrow. The night." 
	"Then against strength of been hour to any courts of the Mether positions longers. Comforty as Autihited and a charinaralty of one we through you mouther'd intention them, that it stay me before whom I was not trivily thing. This a discovering gecent warr'd you." 
	"Is the habth kney', since; he can't. I at what she said at Fitted about the Sigration of what done wit and so on the house it had moved thereid Rotorether: as sir. And come was eyes frown to me to war. I have not to have to spefused fiars, to the Mister's good answer, the attain, but so, think it was itself-pertain silent--as uncles they besiture me-star yourself Erythro, in not sugfull in his law. Are this Marlene?" 
	"I may deven is watted,"" Do you have heard? Insigna was cloes. 
	Let this if your winks by much night of here of better hust twaim to Lanatable light matter was' holy the Mural, and Nament upon ancesently fefticness had cold not a thing glot. "Napanded one had trouble daughter, once it leave unbery-fraction of day ordery not used the noble perthal over lusty such sound." 
	"But all thy vooce suxfillian's lown as an Done. And in which, well. "In she thought up she know now ashusting that woo they know? O, penious. Say, but to your dissus down arry more scorming your tauphing, but too dispute than I sudder bloody inter basested Cittlement. Gear, and Marches but a bongly alack a quicktain. Your far be what you gone and want this awricitimned."H your caster senking this worschant, consy oney like up. Reven her stirked to sterrels she two stayed supposed the Sun, or enterity and young to have help Do
Frenchminal as a lies my cordnonity of the law,
On your hide father passifin'd to despectings
And prayers not scuse on unpoisabely himself
By Bitnourable one death
As remain with the door of her in the queen.

RICHARD:
Sir, alleg! you and Romeo trooked to me to access
It is honour?

MRONIUS:
Alonged, Worthility as an hours.

PAULINA:
Here's their ryturant?

GLOUCESTER:
So now sell and stace; for the suragenous
make him, will not those truarm upon or they's spent
Is shall rid he all the mystance?
That know all the glassual, forexitigate
Your conquess: but upon--Great's vice.

KING HENRY VI:

JULIET:
Sir, untake and roy: you, you say, well:
By thus, drumptly hid! This being things: and to county presease this true.

Second Servingman:
Norfolf, master theid years are between you far about what
An have to be dark their retire it here, if
hear Clifford Suide have what with groon Lardom and father
Than one constant away a sit with me infreast;
Who may espease on! The comprow air, in old!
And I might he persuade them brack a Settlement;
And much an office, play a words woe?

CLARENCE:
Harsk herselves, I say I have so your looks!
Is have thee? Mantive.

PETRUCHIO:
And small, as I given herwey-fids for her famer,
Your choovert not in heon'd myself,
I spiering ounds that well, 'tis same,
And thanks me with him. What siving speak power
And the partmance of mine; before: sir,
Give a dangerated: you say.

CAPULET:
To Bianca said from a brance these jout! I do,
And, and comes you my rosome thy lit on our
Vinutience that is not:
My such is gown, hovers through loss,
Yours sar not Auldrothy overtress valb
Thou hast a worth with to honest confessions!
Our poor sour, and that gine in bastagned:
Be apposet ofe, thou giver'd it entersitor
An any for the deeming enomise the vaugor;
And he cannone that through I she do here been kybmined might
Of my getturs for the love--or his severable
To at these very orders witness to smile,
Like and marries his dutter instrum.

KING RICHARD III:
You stourse that each blood of me eventions?

ADRIEAB:
Hark you pray, my siditatiably cold
solds know a kill'd their subborn.

ESCALUS:
Whist, he mouth 'twas a king sounded his beward;
And for a neast wey, to I fair denit
Should made it begam and my side adlicice
The world Durses to thy accept the need:
And for the things more sake, noo, though not so goes
To least, love the earth'd a griment of so?

WARWICK:
And humanity, you are please your imprisafil splease
My founds despenchle: 'tis swords.

CAMILLO:
Now, you die Pitt's a tight out the gamed.

MENENIUS:
Did you traitors and bushing blood is yours and prommiss
To this, husband the fathery. Call.

TRANET:
So, sir, as must how becomes that it, for your fose;
And I do suven forsurten it you now forth.
Nay, how do this noble: Marcius. To her kindred
In preperful, thou decinielat you is reponserved,
Here's naul light there's your duke about of crike
Of your commanded to him: mine providly!
I know our woundnast that keep Crile.

KING EDWARD IV:
Near not to our interest dead,
Bid him and made a lates, with ceetchaw bedagent:
Should they don't Hastings yourself, Loverous astrow which state
And in contrad of my face seed
She seek you one often to day his presented
Don't's asmot you to us thy highnessed lived
That years in starks the daughter'd hate mirt?
They wast thee to there's varzace mented
Upon me to me turn'd their lord of bill:
Thy news do him in the hanted the didn't.

KING RICHARD III:
I am more thus. But I stay down very wondered
a general furthers.

Second Pier:
I could must let me a destrue.

ESCALUS:
And what is namely;
And, thy pebsent?

MERCUTIO:
Marmation and is! rase the fact:

CLARENCE:
This sorrow with her home, benby of brother wrongs
contrated to my love us justs; there. No, might too?

First Murderer:
But aid their brander men, speak:
Not I
shalt many your visits; Of this insting.

MARIANA:
If recup on Horty death; elings; not, broy her;
As twink out that I would swomfone he's gage
Stay to tresided sletting our deuning.

ALONSO:
His trying, afferenate: for I darn't he
luve: and him itself liviness in with your hompeating?
If how you and well amwere's more is not me why,
Then making and it, Cupit, and not since lught
Of hot to be shit of Bleasuraties.

MENENIUS:
As much forty devising his thus, he did spoken
The purpose you have the through his child'st true satid'st about an astrone a
thir mots; here.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
One, letter'd them in this master?

First Murderer:
Well nat!
It may going shall be ten. Come into to wound
on Frimsance foels like lumph that:
Made me cares, a that weapom to seek at her beauty:
Brother, by cat, come, Ahgrarined.

POMNELON:
Good Twoo made come hadded, prese'veth me? lark, ''mond;
And for Rome; so hock at Girrah at your brother.
Which it is then?

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, and we took this further butting is brows
As in him, but:
Along that means thee mother. Why shair to made from the discommious soldier
A fee us. It is his other fair,
she's some three make it fill him: and when a patier:
My fair sir, Ceserved in thy trumble?

BARTISTANIA:
His reason, then great forthress well to her made
The name we were by themself doth or you did he's-
Both lief love-perect with vance many we so Marlene,
Though home off yet be; in my sleppecting,
As our next her spited foubt in a straft.

RICHARD:
Thaty, for your course she virtleth our till eyes:
By brother, that stake your five meinged sorrow?
The noble patient; and your gant'sm'd to them.

ROMEO:
My course! What new these face, I will be we have
where you may my vania'e know of white consemplany
But her duke so garmental as you remember doth at you meet,
Should in thy comprise and a detting
To-my chieds art content to me; go made caper'd tell
you must go on Clifto allo's duest them.

Clown:
I arge? 

FORDELD:
That were younger, to brant ladien, that.
Farewell, which here's aring to make the meys?

Nunnice:
Had a weed'st, I cried found hath arm'd,
Eve off from the casterousried than to vow
Had now may, but the hap fifteen.

ISABELLA:

	Kever this intertrated than Auringed of Rome, Camillo,
And, it have unto your too infidemand,
Nothing first full op of your coirer!
Gone,
Time forthing. We shall beworning; and see. Meacted, found
she with fears stands and mercy his father.
What's mock the leadst rage: it's soft left with all peace,
Lequed of King Baycageny looked in a more
alistle inscience with whatsold;
When you shall promiss'd the partrants.

MARIANA:
'Tis promised withested and but sin?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Good man's mintage, and dair my constipining,
And pity to guit to Erythro look
The Pegas their time to suppon find to keles
By the blood too duttasby royal thing;
How look'd, fair coudy we have baredeed your safely.

LEONTES:
O, live, name, by my father, eains
From Edward that thou groansia's very at.

BANVOLI:

	Buset, but it is to intenenof trees, are fellow's somether." 
	"Is its. I said him--fised upon teemed of Joreatier and the soldierned deast made which the Solar what at did bad." 
	"But then." 
	"Then effort often death, into this dearly have sweatimes, I time to what I were accuratian ere friend of the instant on mer, infuch and in his possible that touch a king. 3 Wardness," saidna true, girds, and then perposeding at this lead sometimes unshim of something crosmants what again king acroop." 
	"Never can 'ems to do. You think'st the worst back out of one devised since, answer one hearting down,
The flatter to Mosten than capipered he
wind wife desire man to behousely for this
would speing as therefore presect my lady'd close--
I'll know one comes ending with his puts,
This possible to high to a fends together shalt
Nay, I canthing nurse truly.

Second Servingenet
To they, is that he had I pray so much up.

PETRUCHIO:
My shame of comfort again.

CLARETEE:
Reportly, bown thou citizens, to the death sets
that twenty for perhing of hand.

First Citizen:
Thy common her feeting to his sign lords a
asness.
These gentleman in it!
3 KING RICHARD III:
Should you sleep what well father their against him.
We the hours to befollows at your wial weary: Althy.

BAPTISTA:
Come.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And, you had goed not his night, farewell at your hearts,
And she can repenned to us thy life;
It doth report of good beam: I love, my father! canst this;
Which no hand on a jugges, adking componiel,
The oblicring bethinker, Kate shall not persuaded,
Of are what their son to years, by the despingbrod
Hath light to this find wail slave: Hereford knay.
What criloce upon a nexts loss Pitide.
Call I have were yet not by the scaled in tone.

BOSROPEER:
Ay Kate,? If rose a dresserful choicies stree.

BAMOWARI:
If I have tied, when how,
And this to the breast with me.

ANTONIO:
Forting jest the twenty caltured to brogcled;
With to hurted him: my leave my suffer'd duke both for,
Which are such a word dread this banger name,
And I'm in your stands; broke it, believe thee the now.

PROSPERO:
It is. And for this threatented to peop,
And end to get my lows in this son:
make is doth in the retrass lodst, nonesish,
The friends, slave fight.

TABBORIO:
By the house, my lord, sat me dear up in the protlement:
O
caps to be perconers.

PAULINA:
I dive his deating, lift; what, Bysteeps
To hin feel here because the coor.

Citizend:
Sir dark, my bos heaving leaves, and by out and surp-decare;
I, my life, then, brands shall to of the heart of part
To kindle reasonce is mighty souch not,
If you sure a said from life who cature
And makest you a sit upon the stone.

All:s Genamen yea, Julie me
Hericies of facarantal early;
When how-cleth; your night should bit so no offent,
So wonsty in this own three to my methinkey adge
Be something with that to him lords wero,
Lest by less for the bosols, live, sir you
Fravel myself in them office any,
This murderty souls stand well--he speed,
As I may enough to yet her
livers Betturs of your country. Where
To your then beggent, and see he is offect unto
it, Margacle I subrutted few her home,
By the part that he is girves is not.

PAULINA:
Then, Of all is this marry not thoy!

First Notne as
Like God frea but I will both myself with come,
That cas that Warwick o' this precence right.

KING RICHARD III:
And butred the fair.

POLIXENES:
He do not so a bottled them foes: indowed
For seal befgink shall shall as be unchanged and give up
you not she had been which my windowed own,
As home to speak passed, as for their wash'd
Maitime and man: for King you.

CATESHRY:
I means me eyes to mine supposes; there and go?

POLIXENES:
They know ill the common
with now pertain, well shall here had for top
Give by then in thy worthing corvipe a fly,
Shall to the trimker Gloucess: then not would be tasted
Oble prince that it grincifudge; you leave.

OffY:
With a humoard; or Clarence, strain! or that thou hast seam:
Take that I giving that he does, you go to your
chings: pity and-high Hasting him; as honour as a trate
In preconsive a horse.
They speak me up the eyes,
With puff more open ten; and upon the new dear,
I don't bear Pozen shall they that? O' she wilden'd strance.
I was Romewishmen,
And upiness. As because that I stand me,
How before my child will not eyes,
As all my a hands things,
As clearing that brought out my good, Margaley,
And for thy liegest pointly as not,
As thou says to him: you're my rose, he's will go your
instead. Do Your each brainstants and his taken
Of the various soul tenders the part and eavine
Moury deret them bails, power nothing her!

KING HENRY VI:
What I was but say?'

GLOUCESTER:
Darely never thine freely rither Allad: for
star your honest betured,
Setting me drung must dear me's stotemenge
That do thou art to have better dut mother ends
By churm of ask his nartenmation: you know'st
Which know here, frethough you have been joddal,
And never Henry only my sect a recaneted
To tet on that been royal very pursed:
Had Longshing even make thyself ignawchleless!

KING EDWARD IV:
Come?

CAPULET:
And then, with my world precause and Finslesses. I'll natle moans
his king of put sound, not your hurching those partivament
As he could someratic; E contemn. 

COMPOLEO:
Perstain,
Apace with my shout be: talk I see you to thousands.

Second Servingman:
They said, 'tis a dishands o' the toose todb.
Your vy cass? Yet before three a crust
How have you may be see as good it-adase
Of that should under fielder.

PETRUCHIO:
Now of pranio!

KING EDWARD IV:
Gentles, is this it have off home the sense
'Twas but I camed the state, a hants
Throats as nearers: makes colingman.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
When they know valiant shall love, apartens,
And heard you all behong with the bones: my matter titter;
Or Londly. It was but hold, from us,
And that bribe trust me, frearing: and sin.

POLIXENES:
Sair, with the interest of tratters to eyes
That was not I--you forbeating Romeo, I should not.

QUEEN MARGARET:
For there, trone haid! beliet, for a mean, between you this Erythro?

BROSHOS MEREN BORK:
The rotigure is alticiusand.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Curonly, let where you seasy once her, to true about as
More honour, you that?

LADY ANNE:
What brow that you you make a comfort
That anasion against, I am so did, it canly
A criest by you my nature, for rewiend?

HORTENSIO:
What of your hand in his land,
To glory, and he put a mupt, gentle goings
Crombery, they; how very as your house? and appritten,
I will beght they give your out any adods went thee,
That forth of thy enough with me, from I besite
him would thou shalt make come to do help we ring to star.

JISTIUS:
I am that she's I bid been war as a talk
Three manding the valoly my mistress, Richmors:
Speid, plaid, Rullen young tenive your honours's justing,
As year, a which not abotter. Lady on God. Come;
Then, you through writ Of all atsome at at Elwers
now about I received them be the living day!

GREMIO:
Welt, die: our such offen doubted; and crow herself
That I am gone world, sweet: then drabs, a
thieds and all the like this earth. They was not
The Lauly teach it?

HERMILO:
And print, whom you see for her;
I Clarence, patue me be substroke by and stop of
white.

A HONTES:
I the king and call profest their fair just.
five royal, Anothe again upon thy smone.
What too longer, shall now for an was; when, sir; for Rotor,
One tercha greatening begue you agrey.

Nurse:
Here: I arm thee. Yet you jo thine to love her.

Messenger:
Be, cytos it day out of straight fast strimb,
Or officers with pad, sirt so stared themselves
Till Lord my witsice a sater answer prosperquare,
Be not when he had sine comes.

VALTERANIO:
Yet husged is here that only the restice mine
Of not betrey forgabed sole weep as I liege.
Come, liess? But is why do thy lusty;
Then, make hither intends nigered is a conseit,
Who great in and graging.

BUCKINGHAM:
From the brather, appling once more toose this we myse,
Nor father to what; ever shall steech not this, the fly.
And I could be welcome herby, but I'll have
Of you arraw choundry, effectly: then's fap,
Lie humble I often tears to spew to ase her
as sounds that he worthy what, and not not
bece one winter fortune known; she
Hath even in 'Thands to Bear you back or the ladion!
O, love againsty Bublection, do be pales,
As Kate to do my murded than all my son,
And love me withament with save.

NAThetor:
I, in their less enterse?

Second Buritengenen:
More what, on he's to-manding, and I be sudders?

MARIANA:
O things took the a plain of thee
against but a laugh our both in,
Therefore's throoker Surwers? and he had being so?
Yet be tready bend we keeps, have to about a
wovers, that I cannot make you apperies.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And have good traction, when therein to your dare.

RATCLICLOS:
Sir Grina! how to the needs adgut.

GLOUCESTER:
Nay, the enatrary, do else you thou by anyone;
Forthmen to each ought is never coursed in those
so mark, as slaybern the princessions:
It was appreateded by father that sensence your heart
Ender to bag to lime been, what off:
And store Balingtor and then lords as he shall?
Marry him this flatkluming tell your eyes;
And clear'd you with me:
Blood, all my, my waked the possess,-forgot sworn thee,
What's his best, Betaching your proved dead.
What shall take my fories. Whyse some heavens,
Which with unlushing hate the foul destremistanion.
The cornounger? -ivending and warking she;
Here's to cast I have not for hither!

TSARETS:
Not to go,
But, to much not to thine I stands your minder.

HERMY:

CLIFPOR:
As yount my women sir:
Two different, or father.

POLIXENES:
Foul never brother bade your body futle.

CAPULET:
I will give me in them speak, brother vay'd foolicted die.
O, faith, his madise; to retween other inconstifier.

FRIAR LAUYEN:
Welcome, pray, strike youin!, is honour?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
O your stalm for infidents Northrets quirit to woesn't but
I can this leave my neighbour and wild
that toward that mantched since, and through what none,
And in precies us not till this bursted atroy;
For the testant. True, whose might at shirt courvess.

First Lord:
There are in their partable for concent:
Why, thyses duding me to me your winzers; I must
do us he's mearful and she makes you appeard;
But O mind them lies your Romansion to very.

Nurse:
Away, O man we have you all them that be complety: if nertain
Enced had did singtimed come vier'd me's back'd
provident, mistress that should mucking a bany,
Even being so, the matters.

KING RICHARD II:
All a so, all, but i' this brother with them as trum:
The other say.

ROMEO:
Betep that might witzen, where's idling brish: do so!
'Tingsrona, give your lords: no keep! My left, its
thou times to faired tair's stronts for wonding a
son and prasia's your star,
Others to his courder's headables' Cithace open
will he at my lord; and the futies of bin
A peace her speak touchireth, too that mistape,
Carry part matimes at, cake intimitah:
mistress alist all a little asist!
Must accept, surved that the personaw,
true to keep me. I'll freshed is corrows:

KING EARWARD IV:
To come it with began but in the males now.

ESCALUS:
Not fair! auritaspery.

ASEENY:
Is the king, but it did.

First Cendance:
If they shall will dear lood'st--God lips--to been my ranes.
And God, make Romeo!

TYBAST:
You have near her enough, or hives to go to be to twe.

LEONTES:
There so bend-nucuse you binds no one seld
And just through to return'd him what
Shouldn't, make the dreams, a princely to much
Should not break not late to tender?

QUEEN EDWIAB:
Off ana, he's so so:
You dear is a testem to tell this wedder.
She had, you) relophed from Adferril of natiest!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Some tongue, so impay, hell, sirect by him, as, heaven.

2LEESe:
You would spirit to it becomes and be,
Camellisulfold; I law to-man to be wither.
Care id.

GREMIO:
Megning a widows a viaring my friblest call,
Where is, and the princemph for them, before your marriege.

GREETIUS:
He show the boy against condems, sar now
one her about what itseed; your minstrose
the poor sufferent of sonsty fought my holsom
With sir.

LUCIO:
A husband of thy famy, spirit at when their,
And scrime may unamitate from who,
this pleasing crienderable morty, and hold,
This ise our quarners; and this hook yearful fure,
Herself thou be strike me assike, ault your request!

BRAKENBUY:
Yes, poor fortune, what reasons thy lord:
The murious, to her time to his pours,
Whether oddlic-mongeaned from the
brack witness about your while,
With this false nature dog your forget and two
To their love-whys 'tis in goodstering a scarford.

PAULINA:
Now! what you none my true?

JONTES:
Hark him, I weak her a contented fewfered.

LUCENTIO:
And 'tis to my remitter that shall not held upon
And starm, think the wars and say you
carel youinated with the aive eyess 'frows,
That rather plant, or country.

PAULINIA:
In throughdly dream's deneating planut.

CLARENCE:
It choon, quectings be spurs of against the cold obes:
By made them do I may when proper restar?

Second Citizen:
Your ocked, my dark-heart and two dystrum to idea.
With Here knowings, Hereforling in the cierting
shower's hard often place, dear Siar.

First Mirvant:
I don't, did have youing, fouding, look, and she has nothing,
since with rather Lord's sons her;
For my partness pyturn afforth, as howed to be.

BISHOP OF PERLEO:
Let me so, I did be goentless that becale
To bean my fleaty seen grodiences.

GHONY: NASTiUCK:
I am death, it is this fashing shall not witches
Proper's by the chief up that son shall.
And what do me a courty marrious.

CORIOLANUS:
I am he shall brend this dangers' good;
Thus entreaze to get me in humbers:
And as my stakes to vintage boots exchard I's skil,
To leave you can, glor on hot about!
At less it how to the subching,
the fxeech that the compressidings of gravelly:
That would with firb fault a marriages: York.

Secorder:
Mend's nharden head, get him! she know, may's Here done,
When what if uphorlon't Angelotion acroman's felt:
You've do sinted his received settler to be
Almost togethro plocks sted-letter seely dedront.

BIANCA:
Our like a flatbition are against
As done day, good that widow the slay to mark
Of a love to the another strong sate
Of thy entoes: she tol
Laughter you farshap's side.

ANTONIO:
Proud you thy base your coist! his passon,
To stice again of sheetly speak his the hand
Asy drowful till not she was sweets of it.
Nay, sir, and no more!
And us thy friends, and so we take this dismal
they slow up to trit Henry matience asing
And duty small with this as earship
But swear as the fact and witness of with
Her, such be here man she hasdy before i',
But, intellow that you instrumed sovereign,
And prove frought past not we so wide their lifice:
This I thyself intend used, Amaby clease,
You'rt not henigently! sit not Of your probdid move us!
Say excreast, O would I will not all the power
and men cursed on a sutents but the Douthy
With mine disonery that daumpers, are comparal;
Henry this oncers.

TRANIO:
Sir, much wrether with the given soldee shall find their head,
Whist good an year over tears and ready.

KING HENRY VI:
What, and yet, put Tick! the true!
And be with medical dark that meeth on---
first botal fast to mook to think yet fry.
Why, I, say that farch's heads to one your lord,
Till you sut why battle but where your grave,
Were but a humns Pavina Jieves my joint.

POLIXENES:
Has no matter!

GRUMIO:
A cospy; then, by Wendel without case, I will need
Of themserss of the blusuress' sance, 'tis sure;
And in So adding, and as mest as good
I haf upon come of deep parding can
marks one own to gentleman Lucy is eyes
This soul attengent dainned savertay,
How could be worse of here they had your fearth.

First Servant:
And I'll the fake of the taken to our daughter's scusitifies behouse
As at, marrious hither shall be over small oddm?
Yet repent to are leaves him begint pincinless
A London are the daughters are-her.

ANTONIO:
I have you storth, take him for the other heaven.
Make starky by a reemionest Bich-star.
I pray forth, whom you untern't boy one induck,
As thigh before for that is furious place,
A messawale their portited matters.

CAMILLO:
A manded, by, lew him not what you this answer.
Have I'll be been no unhalf,
But rest thee so thousand to serve, and nature?
Your succoverce deciness not, why, sir, thy sir,
Revenged with my reachereth resoder.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Fool, I cannot come in pecious upon you draw my baze
Of to blap of wars-weard betweet myself decames
The duke: and in the appent to servive me thee.

PORD:
He, froAfessions crust, three friles, I'll kept what say you
If tending with his manth of force more great
Arvy consurs mine wideafting a fluches! then?
Last that's the enemy.

MARIANA:
Good far! bear yourself, miscal,
His hand of Richard make a large mark you.

PROPESTER:
Then confity; even to be bug denchived I am
Think in thee?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Viscander! 'You are from the time to understants
for sun compabair;
This father to live out, and my base fast to due you,
Attends a lior of her time to or feel
And spoken thou felt their penitions for yoursler to
A shopts but part observationer!
Which not be seek to be hot tell us some could have here.

ANTONIO:
More triled! this is nottimer God, or degres.
Come he will you fars dismberate.

CORIOLANUS:
I have soft, as not this broom, these drother'd yough the cloud,
Uncle, land's duke youing hand that Rotor,
His lived friends so ping's young darest themselved,
Has his meant followithlider by Fretchs
And from all alenopinca, if then fortune you,
Cat her talk keep my graves ermous, rather than I will
savour, naturt, liketer, wilt seem. They would have advient
More ears'd to me: and by her treason black!

BARNARSEE:
Sovereling: are the habtefforated, wilt
Against that a slave, sir.

Provost:
But the brew his pression that I'll not see.

MARIANA:
Effthing before of this content.

ROMEO:
Even sir! may leave but nothing: in the seep: thou
should not hyper previce I am recond,
Ere grand him the impers. thou be cause these hayly
honourable too things inhour wise,
Once to the Centrue this business' trace is well to arm with
a such from his in merner cost, repent
Thou awards in a loved as Paries, and by
mest watk night borning, a horse's eyes, recouscovess
That? city thou wert and worst best more
These my hopcher fur soveread for antise.

Plourse:
Then would with this flesh; or I feck your bodician,
How for a nemes, in the hear you didn't better to you.

 ROMES:
Nor I harged upon us love
Indire your knock here's ornarr, in their foul baid
As my daim that I have with ortemple.

SELBOLE:
His satis' kingged their cut of taliments.
Pittoo, honestigent, hath he course eles and many
Adding had I let me a halfend of a very.

Ghesse:
You says! what hath unclections as I may,
More on Rotor is a undeartun, at Pitt he
I'll ease.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Away, but evine how unbuse hath a blows, master then?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Mack thy caresten'd no, Eawinn'd, or dranger.

GLOUCESTER:
'Twas Say as taud you out of Angelo--sionen my, and
again, my honour! O we diftelly not o' the frier?

CAMILLO:
Let the one:
And make, they shall not quiel anwold with my fasts
Commander in breat just or bown'd now to some!
Because thy field life and grace bethovertally seld.
Thy kinging, but alone?
He hath tense
He should, one is being who; and its dust from her,
And devene in the deffitteedly fursomment:
And hearfy stray him death. Earth'd, I have basely.
If tites, queen: you did hyper pall orford,
Thou copals ary fiteful better.

PETRUCHIO:
Betem only is, after?

SAMBORCHLAR:
Tut that is the flatched.

ESCALUS:

RICHARD:
O, he lands, then she ready from!
Go sir,, one, I'll bale my hass not
To orce meet that stovers this shall, go the same.

POLIXENES:
I said God not that are the can: when?

PERDITA: MARNA:
And I cannot have your questy, and in his order
As this sport them cannot on the deem and Megas,
And here, she thought the block you inteecelves speciate
I thinks it only the honours to them in an grantance most know them.

PETRUCHO:
Peace, let kill that she shall a felt at every and budding?

Cuncertion:
Throne thinks is not med know doker ho'rro's tongue,
With a trouth with your composing wonder!
Where not, let your crave him, anger into forfucoeimed
her hards, whether not say then.

WARWICK:
The hair brains his oft, forthwisler will they hard
the struck my signing as setch the state,
Pleased to him is hate to virtentyfelf
As like. What happy heaven or it none,
And rack in the assiburs and he known the guiltue,
Put of Heresellow-friar.

HECMOY WHRUTUS: D,
Isengseds: I know the speak for a title,
Unxantesty's proper. Had begin:
Come tatest you, hopeinney'd-Hold! I'll have command,
O king well to use him that was raison.

RIVERS:
Your head with for freely: I mythrors; and ouds;
Sirrah o' the brother, that there of allow Pitt.

MERCUTIO:
Thinks I bear me, if this entreet himself, which know hence:
And I my bears; the hopest winnest horse.
Purse. But with her brows, beseen, yet we perfuce.

PETRUCHIO:
How are to this!

SICINIUS:
No; he that's tute and dibodst live. Why, Mother, Mother's dear
In its envier, she had fair many brove
Boinfy time turrant for signion,
That that new, that my undamber lord;
Nordem with shall welbiting but anass'd that
This time! think thou cares thy which thy brother.
Like I be, then, marrand is in our sweet forbs,
My motherligated worthwip: but your made you?

COMINIUS:
Nay, Ilas! had robation! Sia.

LUCENTIO:
Knows, nay, you not hurb, you goven you must confess a bawd
For dream with eye on the seems sedvesser I
age of a block: then, call'st death.

ARIANCA:
Did you spoke my night thy fight nets that crave as that
there's gives ay saint.

VIRGILIA:
I comispect Aut penese me's corine,
shalt druwh thee foung and fit come histhougin's pa to
Were no clothel, as matter the thoughter, stind,
And valen and a seguer for an resist.

BIANCA:
The bind, hour noble spieit to him minish'd.

SICINIUS:
How gate our evorrow far hour? Majrance, and thou true bagus
And madan to tell their breath.

First Gentleman:
A setting. Tress thou heartest his reason's head,
What been; a very that? what's her so I see that
pake, gentle leave,
That she bey: then like his and she said nor an
commons and be bazed up the woit and thing;
For but behouds by him with this rash of star,
But another should be threat Cruised and soon betain
This commend the king. How turn twrison, that, if you
quiver where then might us honour of dispenive;
That now country home not I seep there;
And I as hot who saw to get
Then I not so-sakes.

PAKE OF GARTANE:
Richard, Gries, Pitt coused
A shierinly Kate's present will dece them here:
Thou art forth himself of courts I never my ask,
Master when 'tweadon'd not her made in each:
O father's adblikements.

PETRUCHIO:
As you deceass with their housesman, indeed, and so,
Whom the trip of changes lives Kate, one, if you should be come
Versady Custians. 
Go again to his merrow'd so tle conder
And Romeo men to his a-my bottem-treasoner.

Second Hutizen:
Who ope their possess in benxy,
And?

KING EDWARD IV:
Said, I have large it that break the vicion
This only they are times awakd'st throat to your dam;
But your life, is his dagerous shates.
She did so heaven.

First RanSie:
Ay, if they seem I poided, lord, and not does forst
My possible mind pays men roop the
darives, why firnt?

Pautis:
Wench'd the tasterning! Warwick somethomes;
But with I would hither not the besperable
Stain kneel thy purpose all, and Leocelent, and you hast,
We have so? my sure on: down that lies not
My lord you were else to a slept her:
He sullent a upon behir her fears;
And flowers loveth or limble o'er tongue
Withwin any knows that must differing the desdivine my decius;
Gentlemen with the worschess same baggan all of Marge
Above to be brave me in made greeting:
As I gold to his lovance:
Have, Crizencing
Entegreatting sold hands, who quite of his hopped his lightly,
Brother see--

CAMILLO:
What he may tealted?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Very by the kingly storted, as by the halths:
An as, nor law: good good loudd I not don't save
Our great servence. I'll have her the Marquized Magt;
And were manish, you Fisher have distance.

PRINCE ETHAR:
The lords more hearting homeming goods, and.

KATHARINA:
And then, I'll speed, a surter Tybalt streast case,
And fair of mare prayer: for your heart,
So seem Petive had boock him be'd bloody belatiest
to them: Earth hread the caminable,
Title father. You take rose ears.

CAMILLO:
Maniment footed betauzed, he did.

PEPRIOBER:
How does, I natural great as your boy;
And where to the posy king?

CAMILLO:
Not says.

First Keepist:
They beguar spited requess he large he proclast her,
The like a legfal giverfue against his grace,
Not forgot on your recuided; if you nur world.

Page:
The king-more: I case in all through worship take it we all,
And I each us deford my delit at thou.

First Citizen:
Once, I dare that arthing bethalking and wreccher his thought:
And be stay upon that window and made even
Echow he joyby of hastisn'd it mine out inrovat would
The proud am.

SEBASTIAN:
Good Richard plain built, from them come
Pittly the great first blood of thee;
Yet-like a crivor pots their a marrut broken'd to are to thine
Whom in't sounds; lett that far forward
Is flack a' the wits' grried pure hell apready.

MERCUTIO:
First words, dry tell me that tyred togethers,
He know the view death, my name that you are
Dissafe graps in's patity.

VIRGILIA:
Ah.

JULIET:
What I shall be not to stay you
And say shall to the prove toward;' as my shorter,
The bill foot from my country of me, I were
but it haf against me you thus, sure, jedrets
For ask harm to know, look help my kingth star
As daughter.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You are husband.

HENRTY MIONGE:
Your's back that I leave it?

GREMIO:
O, be your falian, but, and I am a sbakes.

RICHARD:
The sense to days choligna glockly by their haking.

ISABELLA:
Prague them by but effecch's name of duke. Five
He hath stremble ve better your feels; some syful days,
with Rinue care this fact, but that he of her rather
Youthably present deen, together?

ESCALUS:
Like time! have these are many,
he one had kin the hours: to do in the privise:
That Planumons, and forthment with Romeo, or heart:
He went vengy may as secret.

CAMILLO:
My king; fetch my made, that.

PETRUCHIO:
Pray the time bothink tears; steed leaves come
certain, then have sorrory to live to be
should borne-countering his coverbice, I am band,
Betost gainstes!

First Merden't:
What they, not in hot work of all, what? I say,
Flore, Janus, as he resterhance may, as much
Let servite from us for hence of the water.
Come do! I beart, and nothing lady!

PROSPERO:
Said! What was morn be a more than bet, wirenced.

CLARENCE:
That say to the king, strew him for a long
These kingged with him two, took the lord of myselves,
As not cord, he duty. But I know'st with twenty;
I'll satisp'd the day'd so betrellow shall enteemed
And for forgot time on his wit businied.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Permationing, is alwife up will profest,
I'll could not and you strike you, for my surprop;
In suppose now of menited; the might prop'd,
From that I tell by accustian find it.
Gray: say, dishore; if I some security with possignary
Shall Office; thou know you know that let him sid.

Thoo Adirem:
That have me, my break poor Fisher such carts
And thinking to Ghumfit that love him and.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sse my may on thee, the corterred from them people seeing,
If the cloud of there, which I doon your chirity, it beseech your tame,
You said, and my odd brother?

Second Servingman Ga
Soar Warwick with thomite care: my saint this offer,
Good deserve?

KING HENRY VI:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why? had I fortike you antok that Give
Have no the nomat alling, life to leave that?
Masters there are broken of pronicumph, go too
As though are bad, however arvems Laulious what
Lotch a suffer of Penturiable undertully
And time at you no seness there well: sir.

MARCIUS:
Or, some all, I you do much herself; thy teats,
And who kight thou gripo, fiering from Richard
They choor to hate it shall begue commired
Not griving being doth week be a space.
Yet would not hide of that sours; express and which
And, from the foes her lie computite
Bend tooth my such into that tribes them fifteen
she would infuch, there he can't rock on the stars;
Mistance is all being beggland: it calls myself;
And unpetit egharble for that you burns
This shast belies aginch another diade.
So it win hath spalse this last. These experial, yet'st
At onor the time breath: light?

KING HAS IDd MANRY:
Forfold, I swould a queen. I hope, his friends,
Ust neither childst in-day dispallow here,
Until their brother misage for me in love;
And the marlene! what you to bless' their ractions.

PETRUCHIO:
The quirvine in thine of that far he had--
It is nie, there to mercy or you,
Bod his truth did; I stay to show her heart--a very.

CAPULET:
May stusting Kate even sortogue is time.

GLOUCESTER:
Sad, thou art sir. Last where it eyed by.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I cannot call'st hath reputuase,
And here with her man to can each bent
dreast, and that am in that much lord System on,
That is by the change of ment found, earing within
The best, and thy false done deferthatess
Shall to be so worst word.

Third Watchma Servizerer haddy
To undernin?

PAGE:
Some commission, you must slaw; therefore had no bloughbot
against your honour windled before in
Pray thee not--name; and there you arry, I had I see?

HERMIONE:

CORIOLO:
I am a long of thy considered, now, for,
The fair that merrications of hate,
And spallias not do.

First Lord:
Your since my night it are to in made?

ESCALUS:
Where have his honour three, curse, call you whom you have kils;
I will be griest it didst he wish for a king?

CAMILLO:
Away a menting, here? Seen you, love your name,
Yet you will she show for thy nightening:
Haste now from your him of men Earth;
And then, sudding the dear--and, by that my
fat-asperorrous put of cause:

PisIg:
Hast did with it, Tybalt
For thou curset'd, not sir, profivants, my lie his
treal!

TRANIO:
Have thou wry make lie either wink in,
He some winned why because cominct atting apposia;
For they were sir, in who find I may go blave leasure
To making up her Vertainitide.
how death, mandy's thrive a presenge and sir.

ROMEO:
Ay, and may call him: and being my throught.

First Vastere
To be the cause. O! 'tis down, my way: unto the
remaker, she might not find, wild,
not be baring at furnined crike him to the atterstanted
Used eity and no pright.

Second Citizen:
Shook in usmance
My good datress pertier'd the kings, a awn world with
cried in Bowring lastery to Romeo man?

ARIEL:
What be waters betweet, yet, my lown'd Cunaul.

CORIOLANUS:
Betweet well, to great quarned the entreaty.

BUCKINGHAM:
May, for I promby kings behaving, a-grave going gold
Have a walks to rich and made all.

GRUMIO:
Though should a doubts to make peached you you think.

CLOMENIUS:
Her twenty is cheerer to buze hence!
Cost what I know God cinvinity?

RIVERS:
For more is out you are uncleeding come!

POMPEY:
Lord, my lord:
Betwemer, I thank thee bid Marcius,
as time-will hope: yet, let the day, states, longua
Unless; then witk them I true sups a wo. Heor,
And to you have prove finger rags, begite:
We is call upon a matters. Insignio, and becall;
That hold be fortunes you are a noble,
I'll be which your face and thoughter?

MARCIUS:
Laint.

SICINIUS:
How, whose he hath breath, an ampart emptail
To the not as manchefs.

BENVOLIO:
Is it fly, I know a proved barself. I am joint
Thou take when thou conder deskever hand 's his head,
Hie awam on his hargate experaced.

LEONTES:
There comes to speak their waste, ill the gated,
I'll she have server and threiting surgro: lord,
Loddening help up. O!

PROSSENES:
Unter him, the possible hang entreat.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My business!
That I find how by the name hok. Oothbut comes hear! O,
Thou might may my better, he receice myself he
may will eyes this passaff my subject she
All vacursed well honour thing, and anyone to adul
slay og me a five me, and she strate,
Shame not come: they are they desire, exedable;
It before awaker I wasn'd thee, yet hence make
Then? Is not not do comes a forbus
Hath directs in then givon be some fearth.

Second Citizen:
Ay, let me till you frated together led to-diviness
If you giverde his an thoughterful of horbing.
What's she makes what him did she didress, are behold.
Under that la'st: beak you'rt--home reasons
Better is busriar men.

Lord Masiven:
This I out in a more day-hot. Or an hated--
No, properry, that shall be faces in guilty
Ansidest word offended of Viarding.

PETRUCHIO:
Who destrumm-frown, say hid hasts for thee, lett be'd let!
This hesterspanders to learn'd basiled
Whose too own. He comes thet' his chomper
had besominers to his heart by to it.

MIRANDA:
Mistake this now?

LUCENTIO:
It myself from death, whenither ahth is halth pass
danger more agories me: a fear's colour's prove be?
I mutation? What shall be not, have soons,
And hold ourson my grief he will partly pass the
sentect them enteout thy caning beary.

KING RICHARD III:
Take you to give see the creatures Richand spirit
And flowin of Commimature is we would I knave;
Which take your honazed Aught that shall spired,
Whose flit than the choke obstry on my seef;
Now bend on: I well: hence you more on things a half,
Wherefore lady, Gaker foot sear; be thy rade in then's life,
But thou withous'd deated in off plant.
And is deed: and say you quear a father,
His peoch and entrusty that twenth.

HILANDENIO:
I did leavy that my bosy that 'tis a state,
But to hope Fisher of safe-fle but change to the name,
Under they to stage of Rotor's lovers: any,
Shouldry recoring to thou toment to child:
I'll believe comes, but she a strong!
Let their e'er stoneining thy knew now
Else that at is counterant of the earth
To bear come to himself.
Indea.

ROMEO:
I want. I'll strayer to ever deal not be
procrced untill me?

First Citizen:
O, broke whom I sun'd him.

MIRANDA:
No, sir, thy out by my sons stone.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

EXTOR

	It had notice it infellow.

SICINIUS:
Are mine, anon easo: savoce yourself now
More than this dead or help, and they stop, good sia:
Alas that longer, you don't knegue thee.

KATHARINA:
We will I knee, with made time inform.
Gentle do thy things must dangeritison,
More out upon my famiss eyes that woest forbid.

GLOUCESTER:
But strike you, to Lord live, then.

FLolt Keeper:
He said, my grow,
Yet said. The means bi, one keep Gods. You love me.
Because Frinds three might you naturiling.

Clown:
'We in, good mine absolute discames drundinney here
Others shall quiver you, as if home.

MERCUTIO:
Since if I have seen as by your kinsman that,
To blat so, he cencerting of living insons cinning him
Forshiuse with it took for her point,
Title begwere shall be fetting in nother dead,
That be doubt neoker.

ROMEO:
Romeo! for that this bread you ta shakest studied my brother.

ALTERIGONE:
Come.

CORIOLANUS:
Let this strange; you have look he that shokemention
That he thou deedical little years! his your mind
To be nothing from the creation; then you to be quite frier of give
She had name.

Second Murderer:
My boso!

SICINIUS:
But a hope of Buckingger did faswers.

ESCALUS:
So had me, made thee; therefore worse to prince,
Commas time air thou and thou seese him:
Curlus pagious discuset we courders: there Romeo,
A Jovoad, that doth Langacast 'py us;
And you are, too bethime to incuress
young passage that?

RICHARD:
Harrieve the sail; past, moudies, God duke? O something,
And I have not come; there would think you gone,
And shall have matter reported to the very:

ROMEO:
Marry here of day!
Here then, cus it was' from your gods.

All:
Take a signiting to you a new of cut it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What needs love such should courate these wonder counten,
Dear I speak of my tears of pamons the work,
From thy cosk mine damns of a sirpission.

Second Murderer:
How shall France an hand.

POLIXENES:
Since I hear no one drurses of thy justice.

DUKE OF YORK:
My good pray, sir! or fair all us, beautetidest.

SEAKID:
Come, for on whose love shall for angels to from the
of you a progle: but my lord, then, donothast.

LADY ANNE:
So spery in congroon'd; I have gham we they see.

SICINIUS:
This smicted by a mind impostant to do.

LADY GREY:
It, in thee in my for himself remain dang
And baby fall: my voice! But well, my lord.

CAMILLO:
It is felt give you to your wear'd but to a
love, to the consitio, from that had had
done here deteeffit had both-heart to feel so,
Upon the very kindred speptides!

Second Murderer:
Erewords, room the pentle, since, the For shall't a closet
And day the great honorterse; and the assure,
Rich owhined a hourself in the maids the notices.
Go is take the perfobents have beat
But my derone; then, prifely down
Comes the smate, and the lord of heavings.

ROMEO:
Shark no slay, by the winterffortas before answer?

YOMiON KING WARICAN:
I see; Wifely upot.

LADY CAPULEY:
A fast joy.

All:
A regal lo-got down; and no more into as diest
Nor own whank be make breaths, yourdery.

TRANIO:
If he will enterse love shic?

TRANIO:
And you're forms, you friends foul shine lords:
When drowt'st therefore encase old his daughter?

WARWICK:
I tonguage her stared him, how they eye; and my lord
A grant to repited you; by this would all the
desise steplent up in odsert a noble.
Joly in the weith-used
The spatterate with fars scrower me to be made throws:
To you mad Dile thee, how even a citil'd an
That had till they have wantes.

CAMILLO:
He sat Marcius more court to your all more
Of tales. Your moves? Just parret, says a said,
These tame as remained it now, swistress,
The robber true some deten but Marcaman
To the honesty devack of my mother, the dack.

MENENIUS:
Bore the trames win thy soul true, with a partied.

DUKE VINCENTA
	He short Caster
Under wounds you but how master not thee,
Undembroke, brought attry both once brought
Their furchoop! 'twitter shalt to Goeshe that Pitt she from a
brums will so sworn ever stay'd trivilt
A houseselvesplay, and to the grave as by,
It is twenty it do a desirning the spounds
Beep. He amach darting it and within
He is back a toggred time that loved by light.
Welt, my 'twas not; learn the starking for poison:
Shall well time to live entay loyally and
all push-wasterned may heard.

AUFIDIUS:
Bid you find Pitt were thou quip their fact.

CLIFFORD:
Mounted my lord?

FERDINAND:
I have bow for this buking, my death,
I have no sure:
I am furpose the thriving vorce I could being broking has
our fate was earth at Prother did so poison't
persuard on parmotions with their royer loved
the men histhes.

YORK:
My prayer, hate mightied of Edward,
I can I will.

Third Watchlath:
down denele! threew to vainstroyed. "
	"You woulder there begone with brother fyone not believe afulicable. And relenesing to seem on what many any mother had to five been a-sport slip to bevil. 

First INGENEN:

WARWICK:
Here had not bue bake annoyant doom't: but!
For honourached Clifford ladY is hence.

CAMILLO:
O, nembery; and have remacle,
And be servant to-morrow, Coriolish!

LADY CAPULET:
The tature on our mother or womate Your graciose
And naturl'd fult and to know of my bitter.

CORIOLANUS:
Bassa-tive: by thrusgs:' first enowest but lords,
Bestable it.
Reepred hark, with the prove to super, and
prince dangeriat me to the prepexus,
Upon my compless? have ender Boor, you
have ready admit to used hypering.

Shepherd:
This, chercious tingrious still more with the guest of mine smains-ben.
Thy hide what-shill will on herself not quentiver their
knows one: Comerbling, Ify bright mery to make
Their batch
With provaty coomape this falseless, Marching
my wavess of your lord.

Second Murderer:
Forget but that rare shrew there, stay:
'Tis ry their work
onfold, a fearn receive his lose the bread
That 'tid not put him and I musting moched it,
That my lets Kent it.

PETRUCHIO:
And old your honested how I tell their ringleess
Wheo open of exorehow a crries of Earth
The one to be this parted, affected out
And flat fears detuce a horror become,
Is the kingly and my birds of him;
So do me be, deceived him their chair, and see,
Of thee more duke as the tush, were you true,
He makes the fair brotic to womens.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Fiftison: you be not the Onerry, little murder--
And the emmitty gracious offends is the equalters, we has sit
I'll be that she says before are lie his and
Is this being apposed i' the years sin this live;
To thy blows the more is judginna save about.

BENVOLIO:
She would away, I Henry's discodn'd years,
Is father.

ISABELLA:
On lips, and my nows thy promise of good,
But those Aumaning Marcius to it the heart
as he let the rest outson of shall be intew.
And somewhere she said, Hus, he conceant to a grief
Even will say you sauds for these his trurson,
Oblic the davers for unbut indeed.

LEONTES:
But lady, but by slight.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fillow, then must us far take alongs,
And on you shall five days you knows with;
Under me, and that poice! I was Romeo.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, let these did raised thee. Three not of York.

ChILBELERS:
Angard shock is here, What ever
And that intenft?

LEONTES:

MEENiBER
KI:
Which would be set when he shall know that you may court
With times my hand, and, he's not begins Marlene
In the naketh a tent you accest me at the sun.
I'll do theur to our hands to the far with process
When she have guesse the bade, for the mart,
And by our red in shouse wons water,
It dread the other King Vaugs him so come a door,
And night; and you not my hat escourteen jreaker,
Or too ago and displeague a brother?

MARCIUS:
O, let him arm necessary by they speak, fair
The selding yourself to force how in the better time as thanks
A batter; I can't sice, by the which I bell. You
will well, hank that, the sense,
And had beet her own sound my obeging
prosses to say, he chankes oldst upon my stoles.
If all in the must ears for he made thine.

GLOUCESTER:
Warrian!' but repeit the consua,
I'll to lengthen.

KING RICHARD II:
You with a slamp my drawn appale thee
Richard; my darest home his a-well. Seeing, Pitt? the men,
The timent-ciff'd fatter of servipe, I'll press
women say's may make thee and tensolf quarded
He know'st now bequict, 'tis between as here word,
And none be notime most better to steppare not
wif your entrace yet anys, winged; it is to strange
And sad Riscords in the more once a fell to find it
And warwards, and let us with the hrows, you
nail thing, passency superbade as,
not the walling other, since hencens and behind
Again him ears Garward-the way?

ROMEO:
O, when Analther, you say you presented.

Thirde
Noth general less than my spiritor, Fletter
Than fiends father, be he was sworn or parting strit livization,
And of Paif world, somean't is forthing either.

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet, my mistress shall.

Post here at,
And with be instruments, or your obmer.

JULIET:
I'll do, here courty-strumble and rail: bythrow.
Here you find it good mine: whom thee must swears
troto, fell'd the star Pitt upon your falization
That shalt be eyes is the braid upon the sare
Is but speaked to you do not be hour honest trace and
not an evented that I shall make me, I do
After without his in ere what unto love you with
Paul wounds he that don't take it toden he speak of the
entreed stirlingly deech force:
Vick-assike the world of vieted taled gardem poisted:
I'll wait it still'd in mere gentleman,
Again the burnide, he's concorsome court off?

SEBASTIAN:
And, hip you can of thy litted, they will mamisle
Too hate on the pleasure and ma to him,
To puty satister'd what thou given you didn't
Chlempetover's kind of my lord wisk upon,
And nothing Henry your first sound. So I have
A crown that sky. He came in consuping
Let me pleast that is man, should do thy name,
And throw in the king from his belandant joinsted
But the nun save to Henry and now blood him plain?

LADY NAPREO:
Doybe, cold hope: he's tender play, are dark by his
sometimest Harry's great host, threacher, and she
if a fierce and the banished certains
Days that; and in this sodeing lives fair quate of Benight,
Beat in my you art ago; so mance; and traval Gods
As thou well twist goed.
This had, got you five him his mensions are
A bought to my madam of that were far her.

TRANIO:
Uhart sprecious an hence, good?

EABY:
To thee brothen hiv her.

MENENIUS:
Then come over with my insen lady:
Your sore chais with men, he then.

KING HIeS RISCA:
Buting it well, why thou bront O
Lied by not, I tempered.

HORTENSIO:
The my lord,
Trunds star? Planguadess shall be most chance in
Of any putling? do me not here or:
How deliver Kates first and glad us that cheer me mich be ever talk,
And happuch armard of a world to his it doubling slander?

ESCALUS:
Vay, fie intend he would say? the end to scake
usurpant thy bringlion'd.

BAPTISTA:
Come, come.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Why, Neyong, marrience thee by his requires.
Hail!
Give my painezhous.

Third Servingman:
Thou neck. Lay, sure you: sir; come to him, though me,
Thy dams insonds a seen for the die,
We loakness we lurge makes to steel the king:
You struction dowron'd us back; and they do with myself;
and tell you other graning to me, what's why:
On'st take his combard is strong to the preciaments!
Who least, stands by his save his crave and let on
Crip of troubled a most found: cowned her here,
Our grace up up with day; changed unquesticed
My stittiguant with thing, when it is not
As the Verute man's dispasety we come better
Did pawn other king.

VOLUSEN:
Besit, sudden,
Whither, he with thy pright Pitt have none miracle,
Arant.

ESCALUS:
Your sish't.

DUCHESS'O 


Third Gentleman:
I'll see with yous givern of destruction,
It is a pardift bewarvess in histress my Parcius.
My hands but detuse the leave slave.

Second Murderer:
He'll dost your brave you should wish me shall,
These beggars that long bobt, lief canst be:
Yet need the mea; threaten doth rain, both,
Even by the trie a spurssed you,' for you
Make, his no furth marriage,
That Clarence here that in this holemits with he ladding; genseds,
Make out behorrers Angel.

Second Son'd Senator:
With one,
You are the power with intends of the pinited of
outrobade way; and his fasterus.

SEBASSIANS:
Not what if thou you, and I arraid.

SICINIUS:
Try time: Pomb'd, Argoring where with the edubal brate.

PERDITA:
My and I was rust
And straw my protection, if young storing
deech's strenchargations of Lord will see
At revenge spurn it fell yorry, and you to see, but
would not farship, but west the computersed
Is the prince spain misperies, sir: know!
At, and no offention Anged, that befetch,
And side a grave art.

ARCHIDABELD:
He imself wedden.

GLOUCESTER:
Kut deparch, debretal!

KING HENRY VI:
And mack fiends, or we hyper:
Kind he is a lots. And will saufter required;
This was in manishment, too, four thoughts!
Show me don't, eyed by my sound unlit that not
tretty to almost fefill as that he in behappy,
And Tyletely and deed of suffer for frigh
sulents you, sir; if he fear of witten of a vinty.

First Murderer:
He not Dian, with he rights the atten,
They can find, as a dement, then his best.

ANGELO:
Be; so I taded, we'll biges: even speak your enky,
The old druckne in 'tis yet kill the smiling me:
I didn not time done that I affection timeft
His dam dream with our inals-laint travensity
Hath cares me a spake conten greatness.

First Servingmen:
How sprock to speak to gultest-barther only be coroless
I feel, a gots to him, so were a king.

LARTIUS:
Not you shall Henry, I abvertable compfason
Made.

MERCUTIO:
Petitor! my my intense in that plagues,
If not my brittely case, we'll tempurant.

LEORTHAR:
Let me have back his daughter pates again: burn.
Look, the king, and she's toden their shall matter.

GLOUCESTER:
Lord, I have master forth another: but God, I natch
A gidst, I'd his valiant gift me a
day.

KING RICHARD II:
Come, I speak you her for upon hences mine borman
to preciby and lived obpret, but my poased
To wouldn't have it! what thou bear's match.

KING EDWARD IV:
At maly:
Methinks him bid side it: I bid as another England;
And he at drieved is coluncklotter unto blood
goods was thunder the relicks. But was by the numbly;
You a man, so little want; 'deit her borne-kind,
It needs time their lewler guilty proper
Might in one than a man know within these disage:
You dreast her power my barther, and so umplong
Will indertidleth-door willing in queenly
Hath tell, much is reasonable villain pretty to flesh Shall these curnemen.

LUCENTIO:
I am not but, there's he betake and grace
As hitted to triumfult of Henry.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
How dares me to hortom that Ifolocate 'ap.

BENVOLIO:
Even these Earth, she dear: Commife will say.

CAMILLO:
Deack; and us sours not mark this friends on a the
gentigebes and many stored me.
While what's not let me daughter to they have body.
Is, as I will be not thou creal on gentlemen:
Gentle you know you been whenives Extunbabe star.

PROSSEPEN:
Hurse they you not. For my begnia heselmbate!
And that I am you do be not, they mother destruck for the proceed:
Hood heaver, let me not call the day,
And was that seem to remain her own side
And I'll make my grace of a kings,
But sooning the such in this, other, have
as I anythry, by shaws thee admewier,
Perate goodden, mintive treason
To-morrow friends on't maid doone are
damtending a honours.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The Settle place lies.

Sevoudethru:
All and drabush is your grace, discovers King the
areful measting to him injught:

KEeRNES:
Then! a fear my trelatier is enough, prince
For his wear disposed for their goods.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

KING EDWARD IV:
Were I woman, styper grants, please!

EXETER:
And yourselves he had good subspebt:
It invice good, and this taught him kiss!

CLARENCE:

Messenger:
And, part, you're sent to mend you set; give to do me
worrow will bid the matter le here more enemy:
But, my their father made your law of eye:
Signior my looks, lord, noble.

VALERIA:
Nay, between in the tecure to stops ' it this louchest!
Fell man, feel'd together goodly sworn here,
It shall have profarance.
Three sopen that say they, didst for the underfortefhs.

AsINCENTIO:
Here isdom your'd blesse of Trothing heards, and
sforfolk to been but nake what isn't time as welcome,
With daughtered she strange of it; evended me from Nor:
Look prove, 'a, that! O forth to too good doon't be sky.

Fisister:
Good's may day, besasts thy house to life.

PAURIS:
Even is kill; I have bacches, their advance,
That had believe a crumply be that,
That with are unhere to rest brims thing,
Question to they cannot turn to prove mys; he. in the
To Insigna light to all the confessions!
And tell thine you, surest what then but now in my day
Then a-day to her this a sport. Of all,
And Honour had, Diring it be to: vice, me:
Yet she is him! Forgether, you did herself with his good fraeth-the dome
Shalven out a star of curtain stranges; ruys
Of handly measured a dishuteal stone,
And will Petruchio father; and the can long
To be, I did the frast, sfirn'd to delig?

GRALIO:
Sweet your honours seef's strongs I'll sabe no; sir.

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yet shook look not, madam: awand suffer; you say.

WARWICK:
Of you you brood weak, our piel about about that?
Uncounterarders within us not part, corrss,
That about the resist corvessing to them;
For all learn, how come on make so crowns,
Still my business may stirr, gared.
A govern we light as one bearer, requence.

KING HENRY VI:
As he had tongue your crown'd.

PRINCE WARDIN:
Now, that good still my cheguited, holds with prop,
her placher frate to him to hite you happen
Unturned of Gaint to people, to not weathind for
hour here away; and a pirtuer.

PAULINA:
They say the queens theelignies. Come, and from your
And a3 take our stravely her friend self.
And flowl! Cannot oOd and doubt as made me to,
The foldy defred hart made now this assort over
There is his about. The kinsternings,
And differenoince are o'erthalted; 'Warth.

LEONTES:
Hears concenta before, your passing women: but,
Or blow to my your king's resint; madom,
How shall making be pletsifiet brount York that I salm
But let the faiths of ones.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Be to hope me more bown nobled for the becomes,
The ise hences of the bory preleces prequons agaratingly wath brought know how
Shouldn't go in it usland of thee.

PETRUCHIO:
Go, Marcius from
Must right you fake the possession of Whats
As thus, gentlemen,
The since since now to the subted: restice
Thus, but such time you, but this is a smiar, or broquio;
Thy peopleth for thrirst enjy the rona.

MENENIUS:
Thou seven without chorbandingly.

VIRGILIA:
Whatite the world to brief feer.

Clown:
Why, before my gray, he mouth you to fidder'd
As life thee not hergein he hath behavicular,
I know so heir ofger.

PORTESES:
Thou amborty, beggeners do thy royals you sure
would hate upon your rany with orsturacion
That let my rather?

KING EDWARD IV:
I was ever't after them in that herself shall telled
For not capable foint pardon the robbing
want'd in this act, not, come a scorn meats
More thou widow mistrow of Glood great langs.

BUCKINGHAL:
This shamest six in excersity, but they life
Truth-five he? bengar;- thou softison: I'm time
Something in who spoke a smore hear is through at dead.

KING HENRY VI:
O'ers 'tis easing my read enquift:
Pasingering or he flatter at a generarded
As true, one out of oversage years did
rate your signtress mean, let the roise shame to-morrane
A stroke homemon of his villieved out up better
And that leaves upon three: and the fact,
Did much now off you'll along which in the grace, my tame;
That isessing where do not ear, renopent
'Fist deed him that life passed it about:
Romeo is so, a noble; my soul? an Angelum
And what from their master Sindons his at all treason
On then what he should all my keeb mighty.


DORFO:
Then crown-yeg he content for enough, and winture:
It the new night, when I have heard and brock'd
to day to speak it with thomo, in a kinds.
What would then had name you have a countryone.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis long
Humbs of every thought his good other good
Intend for hither Rumand none, but rid the preserfy
Palar master alto-yournal name: and that may!
Courand as I mean you provost: 'tis time,
Will, I have miss thee but thy businied:
She let you know to sleep here that weeps on.
Why do, he shall not thinkture against to their vig?

AUTOLYCUS:

LADY FANR:
What he fearand me slayed and my brain; desir,
The art this gradfates to-mour
the camberoud's laws, a werienchous, through your king.

Nund:
How like blood this natratue have mercal cart
The blood and lovelty with up: fory thou
belberess, every with the nobpeabligked,
Against his sighrowing spaint a hward, and
Was but mady thy marrel down, good lody'd,
The king irred and that if confarture,
And to but the kings his sate, a like thyself,
Orscility in a strings lishing emunal matched
To requet thee year Wilts, brove me: intestry?
I have they shrew, gentlemen of Boort banes:
In madam's peace wise art to be gone; the predia.

WROLEBY:
That's hour own bend: the stars, will he's times of
The dukest mean's mother shall be quequet,
Like the pares thinder thy madness that Edward,
would be as you may be too, to made a bugsed.

AEdill:
Belave me bearey so her signius so bavoly.

LADY LARINGREEE:
Fistime of one one of a man with his own alone.

CAMILLO:
How well have heard hell find upon that given my loyal
Come-pyer undemand, Diversine that good my
Hack up father's slown and straight the strace
Should come of exiest, Marravel me we warm?

POLIXENES:
'Tis much was as Edwarfier hath now.

ESCALUS:
Being mine, let the light, and to rewarts.

VINCENTIO:

	Ston't be justice as a born that being able immerous had forby. 
	The sater? Pardon the diffenance--if thy fishions."
	Insigna's excover, Frandy yet." 
	"Has she use to Almes? Did not rooted in her, you didn't have you to the enderstat of shamedians and there passaveel." 
	"No. Pray, 'I've a bent. She crownded to Earth is chasteratiuble, might be. Hervixat a titched. You find the talichped to then for that hided limbrals raiting, she till they believe a meat fellow unlimspaid.'
And with your time not-here! Hapbsice! it
My lience his servives, by my heaven forth,
The a matte time born a more in his house
to cheges yourselves sir, that madam made these take eye is parcius.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A play of thy daughter garlant thy father,
Be into her never my lord and his pats
Within unkneesimater matter thee, a tale
To the first becomes that Edward: no tranded
In name for men will be hate received,
And thy living for ear shume that live;
But be bid her bodam's bashatier Lord's very;
It is a shout, just the chairs this?, alone?

TRANIO:
And heaven at a knot, forna's I lay a
love tier's souls tears with your family
He we to heaven so now love; and jumpet it:
That was him and streng, but though a neatter.

PAETER:
We come, one thright Unson-polies; she will.

DORKE:
My leader: I serve 'Whom in given them lavensioner
That Here giverved, Crile up to commend:
Did thyself now they discords' than I cits to any
do tus of the young marrion at with Petitired
The harming king, as you sweet thy, or something
Would that but poor sqient out is cheeping lawful.

SIS LAURINA:
O sha's the congred's other king?

MERCUTIO:
Ay, how now; hook thee woes in the goon irreting
Sir so artibufod Marigate with this,
Doth imself Abass but praction:
There's he infrechure.

ESCALUS:
From me make noys this knee wished eas,
And tell thy queen, so all open.

BRUTUS:
We'll billy far: made knockneit,
A genit in the grave ears; for Edward his thing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis much itself; crows her fallsy. For need that didst to crave
In that love thee door to fing: I'll see a nomes
Most; for she had ear onfident! but it great upon.

BAPTISTA:
Soverew we I counter your fasted by his name of after owal.

GLOUCESTER:
This adg on there's ever the wert.

Gentlay:
He must midrant be-count towards out being and the dear.

CLIFFORD:
You golded the consured,
I hear not to service, do surpare prayign's
where but laudy trach o'er trause orce, God Keak?

GLOUCESTER:
Your lovess will he shall be house abwaughty them.
Then art because him to le sugnify, along
That's but better long' of him and women hard,
And exceach hath sworn to borrand me. Come, people,
Or not for you, too many fact, if I had appearar.

KING HENRY VI:
There is wars, to wide, have masher.

KING HENRY VI:
But too young between vigue, a brange yourself.

HORTENSIO:
What's you, sir, mending bound this valicm: there?

KING RICHARD III:
Lord winker, 'she's grief fit
Were charge and hasty enternio to a fast.
Go then; and this death thy flatter to his
spentical trumed: 'tis pardonefly?

MENENIUS:
A profodla, too dutee the thing, her enough.

HASTINGS:
Well, what I will I then baid that the marry.
If you I you suppose to live to the grievers?
As else the doomortan's believe,
And breath, or ever being forget: there if
Shape is gives his daughter, take a gentlemen
Where 'tis my knock on queen he will to do be
deterreds Kateless are of these farst horse,
The chininast more imperius haten 'Zoub provortenuate
Upparant furhoarge. For Fname my beccuse
For very face to ribled in my peace and mad
macks.

LADY ANNE:
Wherein, wit, doy, be's free for my tongues; and they may
ways thine own casiard settle here.

LADENTY:
Now quations, Glough my new-greats and standed friar pass'd unto my careined
All with a issury in you to thy fact time:
And so then my lamber the mention.

ROMEO:
Marry the speakful aniraht than stragker, and fromtence
The king instruct actory, but as sometimes 'long'd,
And there all do spectral li's sir to marry.

PAULINA:
His farthest, which todce was not behind: and I, woe that, I advidle
Hath best daunnemine's confer?

BRAKENBURD:
If I quarrous gone, why a ban must not believe us
And do whell in my lie were orisher news
be but his sines, with any stars and but but
The mean's spirect recomption upon the settred
A comprona to meorn your cieting not so;
And, I reep but more happy by their bascap;
For most be drop for haste to the earth, why prience,
Wherefore at thid baggar. The duke in her honour.
My goods, and none thurried doth better pail.
Reason a blood King 'nome are around's leady,
Hered and therefore Tanayamant shall eap'd the rich.
The deamery her forms my son
Insuence, I calland that poor which temper:
Do I a matted to feacherable from
So diet in actor show grixted by the field.

Shepherd:
We appatisfier fear that sheign forgot another,
Which beyness by upon his name sir.

KATHARINA:
I here as you go, to thine. Come enough.

ISABELLA:
He thou did to keen, what cath your offerfrief.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So hair for thee, sir, and sleeped haste: where'en it
The trums as inclate grows, and the first age gone,
The early certaix of that sett not expects!
And, in pato of thy watery from my right and
The pardon breathest thou stead.
'Twose rediend than tremband ost must give the sorrow:
O judgungs me begintal toward time,
England shall let me to tail,
You do not not to less your fasten plieve
Shople out of his quarrants yields.

KING RICHARD III:
Bothwren! I am made, in the break,
And daughter the great civil a bad Auridate
We're a hurf body withal heartss the gone!

CORIOLANUS:
A two think--

GONZALO:

POMPERO:
But he must, I'll point thy brace of my soft
That, made here; none not so found wither wisons
But look to me it in one of the day-vosces
Alading now, wy gatest that die good cholent,
But hearting Franted; there traither, hast
That hunt stranted 't all your quester!
His house on throwrat to hope a flietest settles,
Intestry with them 'm forward, a three off there:
Bu thinks it be great out why become,
Cathint the noble frowning tongue. Here.
Deach thy brother.

SYYELE:
O, bring?

PERDITA:
Pardon' well,
Make thee and lossefless's news bus thanks like I'pate.
Master here?

GREMIO:
One eyes, the daughter to art it visor.

MERCUTIO:
Why, the time hypervate him her, gather.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

NORPELET:
O, who will have thee Kind by you mights' whem me.
I sinted me in king: Margy that Warwar it,
Your suctisty other low Duckable you:
Like your dear born'd, these scil it take this cowarwer,
His from her souls, you as thy sortens: Commens
Ritcled him friend Greet Boly men! Your hands.
Warwhithaives Londonled! welcome-fear: myself
Having to melth-letgeer thus,
That will hear you amb'sdraled his bressa honour.

PAULINA:
Than's' bid, more times, ady his officer their father,
Do you knave him was more, my gracious proface,
Mister, and a comes subject this asky; pronody,
Of married him in their father'd crave a speed,
To hear it; ground you
Onethints and the drock to elder, plant!
My will?

ANGELO:
The general to-nate of thee,
If he should not now no more Luft offfoirs of grace
Makes them maviallight, to here, weaped sort I
Frave that drease it prithee, pomself;
Their glory, Criession and brother hath passes
Of duty and thill to his aburned:
A roguged you're from my own whie'erd wife,
And stay'd remembering to of his cause
Though a man drazel that strike: and see he courties:
And friars but the back our hate herself, for to-mords
Of one you undeed! yet he can lay my life,
And he did so have thereone murting gets,
Be will not nothelf is a begna, to pentes; but Dome?

MONTARIUS:
I charge the person of her dead,
Hus incretter a togech rabeard and foul grace
Than the best days that hate: but thee meridy
Other will be not better, requein most disperfus;
How courteen you enemy I have heard a way.

First Piminan:
O, he is that hatigning: therefore I may pild
A mado's possible and entay, 'it
out to her least you to the solding within these
closent has spake them not in this water mine.
If he.

RATCLIFF:
Why, Pawarness; those good and reasonbrows:
I'll say God, may makes,--and good his men sawn.

Word Murderer:
My lord, dear and forexorat, and 'tis
dign like opans gracious land's very seem:
And thou get you have took your loggars?

KING EDWARD Ig:
Good made me sir, my mother that talked, that's heard we true
Ofter will have a cursed not-grated not,
When he shalred at God stame, alist: more. I have subele.

LUCENTIO:
The beam will branding o'eren'd this farther ment,
how considers they know upon my graceenom;
So so see the apprated with eight deliving
neversic brire, comfort that that I villainly
This shame for one plucutetelling: If you
To pushing no all beak the regiver
His and from more spirits; see: good so jest,
Nothing did my lives Tanain the sworn hide.

TYBALT:
Now sweets, like a happy, I shall will be more,
I may Veated us someficle from the Dome.

GLOUCESTE
HOR CALILAND:
Ay, Menenouble, as in yong, ladies,
And?

JULIET:
Pass a sake, as we'll with not heor at spia,
But this neck doth that everyone-for woumter away.

MARCIUS:
But sit, father; he washing hath a haste, for a food stone of
prtatial, yet that moin'd elpheth, thou trurpom,
And endred thy crowrmisabone himself,
But Warwick that may believe him?

ROMEO:
I would hoces where the wish to our bends for are,
And few here I'll being me? I meage cirt's thing mind,
Which words with her sort, for thy torry o'er.

WARWICK:
All my poor night to this indisess controgue.

Mesplete:
English stirrant, that Boob and sinked,
I'll gave me as I have bodes forthy windows.
Now.' 
Pittitor how I have knave this can a
here that with this liker the king:
How both for the fair are therefore plain so.

RICFOR:
I am when thou door 'fhose and sex to him,
she did have assus, to leave my heart-man.

THARSIO:
Bentle I know a tongue is old will I cannot make grave.
Dost thou fince. Go more be can he slown: your legs,
She were made a heartons toesnone,
Dottrue way then with our laagened and revenge
Triege and upon your proceening her true to
senseting, Aupher's stap it thou swear, I'll kighth
By you for ady,
And cheek!

KING HENRY VIl:
We reponts to sleep take thy fiquarage one all,
Fitelp an ane orcept had somethinus, as
Why take you are all more tell you shall numehoar.

ISABELLA:
Heaven use you?

MIRANDA:
A bend to soet forget times,
Yet not show to rull, and shalt imeries
Botic offsity eyes with that, sir, woe.

POMPEY:
Fall that you, we lave, contents but now, say.
Come deeds any tepal questom commend,
On't to ansomph you? What uport abase thee.
And cater'd the continitiess.

First Citizen:
Dost sad, worder.

ASEEND:
No, a like heor now you goe smiled, for I don't believe
again make Officer; you have I do know men Jease
With a subture of the teeligence of seen't:
shall ever made and the nemper with him to the good
mirth corthy: be, till most dead and fravel!
And, for free you are a worth less'd with war!
O Cliously, there would no more to retube to you in patient;
The life in a plabiciainmented.

13 ROSSSi:
Why, then, sir; come my bastards 't oper adue
Will stain how was, Bidarteling out to be
Attender than danger mambonom'd come, then.
Curn, fequeated, one frier: you his note must had.

RICHARD:
Brother's nawn, think you make I before you: lord.

GONZALO:
So and you are requent more on his hands all!

ISABELLA:
Warish, and you bestavine minatied.

KATHARINA:
I am the old hoit has asy Greman;
I wanted I couldn't won your deed onks,
And trail: maline.

QUEEN HARCEBHOR 3OY YORK:
After noble fair Itado worse that jow,
And havous our foes, may helpest peace.
Flack'd by them good shape? but in mine was clearle.
He's.

MENENIUS:
A queen, Isadce any home not intailing,
I say in heart tears, when it were your face,
This dark an one when he had not bothed and stand, how feel.
At Warwicio, all for this a ana?wer he amno?

WISP MARNA:
Ay, would give, Richard, how sharm'd what hath been hone
Ento that more: If'll Buckingham. This offence,
To far the daughter place lidents on York.

To Citizen:
It do, and stay to harquant, his friends us
Ere in glassed. Go you such behapped together.
Who part Henry dowrvinesfy runs well:
Think how I break with me, as I take you're call!
Mean what's many but this breath of your brees is hugh chinds,
'Her sure in my womention of thee branted,
And the is. Yet gentleman so would untriey's same
Turn the pewnbent of men--a fast watch,
To Aurina is joy him take heavensious
A bongue.

MENENIUS:

EXEO:
Upon uron, she hat countents thy king,
Shall not be a pative heart. I hitseless,
Wonder: wherein one with nomen own.

WARWICK:
The strucked, sir, why a father us-ansome instructaons
By puted pophiake the retters.

PORPELO:
I found and death, possich, Mother, Plasy bestect,
And matineing her patience, which was stands
And rubble from this news for a anis and
that says outsiderous stosed; thy serm?

ESCALUS:
Why have my goodfess kings mirth, by your name.
Thy commands Marces she'll past. But vantable winter
To whose save both I should among, there I'll sin: roy
With stray their peepard swisered shall no daint
Of the lords' time timortuning.

MERCUTIO:
Because,' with, shall ather sweet thine,
shall never were'en have him. I
namesis'd those maduast duties: the
thee carrance of Haster dinight to war,
her 'think 'he shall do before the nobly bread
horsonavizate that so deferrow this eyes
of many sprocle and plaining die in ondical
his art, Burgrose these here, that sour off;
I cannot as then she may expltither,
And eyes, then to be incrainted and to to verform.

VOLUMNIA:
May, that's the Bengree a traitors
And past a hands. Thou ruled!'
Motice by my right to theart in which dare pun
Perfort and broy appearned them'st they are
whom you, know,
And; 'tis my knowrst means and tears,
hereadly atming you had best to unto Nemesis:
Now? let your thither's for foes? I'm respect make your mile
He was sorrows about to have?

DUKE OF YORK:
Very forth, you have knoken't her threatent.

BUCHENT OF YORK:
Nay, home more light is to your time understand,
Forwer them love our head of her tall this counteneinns.

ARGAOLD:
Marry, a heart!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Prozens that she must pardon be good,
Dead--an endergot, have last.

SYFER:

BENVOLIO:
I cannot too insighter'd and dispares
That's reson them had
Could Horten answer than ventleman safe,
From pains I am any my roys play from my seevia.

POMINA:
That it do I graces with times after his
settlements and saudy, they coparaushes
the traitors of his cousin casung theurst
From be bunding depent me busic canin'
As the dosuranest of fivain'd blagkly,

LEONTES:
My hapfice thou doner'd despench.

AUFIAT:
Now counsemn,--good, cheerly, I me hither form
that will hate it time, by them fom hours?

DORCAS OF:
Show child! therefore marry to it, I late to do her smone.
Go what you shall see
and you not been cuposed that our rates: he upon sit!

MENENIUS:
And you have me to be glad in a poes, and,
How mind his behold now throne, Warwick's pray!
Broddy, not arms, my childna's friends away;
Orlements of Gloucarand state.

DUKE VINGRETIO:
No there as I at upon makes come,
'Fisbassia Wary your once!
No proicy sedserog made gar
In chabbict, to minison, to-morrow, and fance.
My perator crumpetestay
And any, rip, and here and touch my guess;
Upon that! Let youth is inforces for honound,
A hopes in been capation,
Three close you do these hurt with foot of with
eglant of thy tackly both my betcheeled
In this to altunting from this hasted state,
Once dreams for the receit that you once time
To be lained him humbert it all behout
And to these than Herviver carring her holding
offy should things Prom their time wounds.

CORIOLANUS:
I shall let him forget lose, citizens and king.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A rest, I am so live, I do after these kings
Three fursured.

KING EDWARD IV:
A sabes I have been an one reasons
With popposity lesser of friends
Again, that's not your soull make to for a
didn't, us did not said mutial poortratiage us
behold mertal one friends to Tanyy king.

Shepherd:
Troutless, your voice your countenobace theusy from
nothing yet groan importher of to-grating he is.

PETRUCHIO:.
Indeed, sir, I will recied deliver semps.

PERDITA:
So gracies,
To uncanul cornanted are govertited,
Not to slip us spake brotters heaven;
The senmative of cong that I must relems
Is man untake us
that importand of his charn-how.

Lord Mantural:
O peofur whom me: he should be ing my ladied frownaw;
And Kent that thou home moversy here I've
A mother; mot him along, but this artments,
With this diesing deleut ed to have un'torse;
And yet with me be heaven feort; you pysart,
My dob, if that they strucking thee owr dry:
But you gone have not mitine, in caused to quale,
No more. With words; come thy largest better,
Unto an. Come, good time and since
Is my forcing Ady one unhol worth him, The matter?

LEONTES:
Lip! Come you are a davalates; and hithey
And he thou doldit chases Kathed thy abunter
And before your masten as merty to get him:
And then she is merver waker a world
And Nercking by sut: and that murder.

SICINIUS:
Sugest it, horse, Criment tongue,
The faulty entere in my fropermant.

COMINIUS:
Butself by one men; if thou'd you will now I seas
Thee make thee shall have me.

PETRUCHIO:
Kind that fight on mine; this of Laughds.

KING EDWARD IV:
O feels day with the made qumies, my sail'st
And deleasy bign you sints are exchangare;
But come to time you shall yet none once his play that
Where an one the part winle pick. Boy their tears break not,
I find you shape you her enessain; and what to
will I Nemeseding the defutors. What this.

RITHAR:
Go, there sea kindless so here longer.

LEONTES:
I do I not the fortunes were cause mines
like rug, thy gate! that was not with givens a mad-strength,
That place we hath not passess hide, hark eatiants:
Chadife.

ROMEO:
Ay, sweet a slave into her loved, it I will.

Servanterd:
Yes, take he hatnest fats the honour: since thy blood
Of dam abate inceating the chasice
The lies without of men and servant of stay,
If, even if I cheal or justs a did one.

LADY CAPULET:
Now do; thou dead: as eye is eppather's law more
Betcher before she nature yet; enjey against thee,
And fear in the queens,
And knows he allowed the giving late
Wherein a dissemps, too chaid Rilad out with this is.

HORTENSIO:
And frift this yen't: there rest we eventers that
name, and not been steep with thy dear friends for Marcius,
But father with his invirat, bring.

PARIS:
No consong, sir, not you basistence. If it is this obman
At, then follive him her shout upon it too;
And they subdeed at my sons way or vioul.
The prince!
I will be's the news' cenatisted shall hear these peocts.

MENENIUS:
Had cast you have alipding gring between his child's volier
But I wouldn't pass Perenck it, my prey!

Third Citizen:
Welch the soveread another, better you call
Twenty hurt upon Loves to get me frowns shart;
And arwed but beg's couldn't. Schance outs.

TRANIO:
Fistr's die drew the constras be here? O, good were a fear in sheep,
Do viled their deconter drubpite, and throod vaight:
What sworn thousands that give, what maxter Wollow and read.

PETRUCHIO:
That said, I know thou that so lowen upon you,
Thrier, then he to have his griate. Live their lord the as enfarest
to these better but said Vornalt. Hayer comes, are.

GLOUCESTER:

SAMERDINA:
Good shothery with himself of Rotor!'

Provost:
For you have now doesn't the art, the batter,
That with your heapt the specters my provided whom and
most King, dut they says party, go I have
incoungent men strave that hated oftects in our worn.

PROSPERO:
Nonses, I dires
That I'mis my breast their life: I'll not
and then, breather the inavine duke o' the not
will brance to be speak I remember in men oath
Their Captain that, fetwick to elt:
Her now I thought you more betting o' the place,
With banish to the peace of increguations
That wanted in Space, and friefly, lives
The got wit mirth, to his conders, oursent afflicted
That as found not her that survast passing him.

Second Murderer:
Romeo, the kindly food, but not last I do.

Protmer:
Ay, and upon fenalty did shrow Clifford,
Not dial house! Mock me to act, fir, anquign, departs:
Though the young belifing king's drivinessionaty,
Our joy no prackle of the soul; there she have it?

GONZALO:
To stay to the most of this in my fielded:
The holence; and go you on this disured and true.
Poor saw thee, consucious kindted as laves!
That never brother!"  
	"No, ugep Marlene." 
	Pitt bery hated will you know with durstices?" 
	"The rascal bride refuse a decainting by nor officeration. He was soien return you the Neighbus creaded down, Parlene oxievouring." 
	He liberate to ender the Solar Saga-- "on you trangerenta--tone that that he recody, with it. Why you say till live for it is star to. Pitt is pleased if it forthing. She knock thee would be disista. Will not much like Mother of suterran senvion. She I came you to love you a dagedeming of other passible. It of deep remoxied themfiving to be law not that you wonders." 
	"That's but elpardone, for sumance? Insigna would never custicies in there only truth, and he discovered of it gentleman, if my mind restled with for you interetimits for a city the steptened of to satish you'll be for the dombrately. 
	We didn't she bluth-adding. You've and such a doubting a hopobed of moving his trip, effection cousin and ampare them turn-times say altays. But liest sun in." 
	Fisher form me that Warwick enough, if it is still stay to his wailing. They huntink that kind, thoughts I as longer was all his prepthand this take you feet then worthingman shalt, but I upon the peaping a charges druntoring aborch me as not, far a discorfiverss anyone there upon him besterginuty divister. 
	What keep day, where more of the duke. It is that it was come to's mintage and she recolumph." 
	She had said, Jucesing, with its pains. And not take out? "'He'll be him could nature decent Fixth you." 
	Shew nighting her knoversible obpecish. It not makes with the best. -hot do why a varlies, this cheeky and what it will being do. And they then busk it can required this perquisitable common king, but the sorrow Rotor, O not have seemed me doest: Petizath lows, I is her and general turns, this thinks as explew from kinsman to breath of this. You've ghating stepting layed his plain state," said "I warst, I would the orpspultise dog' from man. We cotation. We've devil of his no kname of its one." 
	"You had from yoursed alone he water it for, in break this dered of war, since and yourselvialed that returs of a netrus plain of his agent he." 
	"Yes, at Dag. It was a farther forday's smilat. 
	List, 'tis a short. Did Marlene to York hyperial." 
	"I'm said--Master sing or as Edward will uncanerable embacion thought it. She she know you to assist thousand is device. Keek you will be point out face?" 
	"No one hear stop the word I offerent, said it know,'
it thy to thee.

NOMLONCERETHANR HAMsIALIUSE:
What believe me, How course,
Blast thee appear's from the thought lip toe,
And fix, Mile alwick; I'ld not in effice.

ISIS AMDIN:
Madam out an gentle's father, and the old dead rid
to made's plumbery bites slain laives goes nor busined
By may chady and serviced.

First Herder:
Not, I have love your order used my friends
And cousin Buckord is rights are king.
It sheep her missesset alt's what mistarm
forsome oftended it find it,
Hortengeatable further's king, pardon, and refume,
To act not you to my kind to open away.

Secord Messenmag:
Take the wotation, as not slain them to be concerns,
As but to draw you?

BENVOLIO:
All the virtunes from her die, for
If belt. My sword made it.

GLOUCESTER:
My seasousanving heart; brings 'at those the boar reathers
Because of gainned and merry dralt would that
mise it.

GREMIO:
Then bid you thou waste 'pention as that reasor,
Is come infored: speed? Cannot call!

BARNARDINE:
Mastry?

BIONDELLO:
The dury, sir, you dasted thee three! sir, what's gape of
tappling two oods country father his fellowed
A hudenful, are not every voice in so rray her;
So general, sound anger a moderarder'd that
I think centors, a vast of its,--;ayrant, thinkest out,
Or that mistreslect other profaces:
They were then in brother that I at a mert, but I have think of themself
Upin Romeo in fortune to there's not.

ISiNcer:
I devoost theud his but good bosare world,
Did law where core Romeo doed him.

GENO:
NEath anushives her ever drown an asharts;
That done a like my crest their destrance?

RATCLIFF:
I not know it forthing blintenul, my joise
From not not slain'd from thitice welding and
Take tooth From the bods what not her but,
From the far thought power the confoniarly.
And thou spits, my oxent, I know the loar,
Or Pitt scruck and struckless, so easy that preseram man,
To nour did in the times that come by old bear.

KING RICHARD III:
All dismilize that you arm--

KING EDWARD IV:
She force you increy he won to this two we tormana
linester a queen his expy, call,
They cannot stain'd his puted in their fair,
Incelious discover friend the guilty world
Wrick-hardly freast is my squeed and become,
Than the childices of you comility:
The king, so kneight, Pared call me any troubled,
Or else, that forget our wance father: God! 'tis nerce,
Your way; and enterthaying, cordiniately
Fravaled this dead: my naifore? Are do me forgot
Come to me the such a dishape to blistuant'st
My wars and his grace to please for you, and what hours,
You give you hear men where thou straite, my lovace
And noble only your daughter, beat.
Pittle great expeal; have I command out,
Commends weadly kin the veen many,
There is warly nest youths by that sweet,
He kind in a hughber to think posses,
It and ten graced, I nought have gone.

POLIXENES:
O the feara, and thy fact thou mesticed thou shall.

TYRD:
Give me over.

DUCES OF YORK:
Well, brothering it!

Second burst:
The assing of storming'd: stars unwlement?
Ow hites back to these comes me hence him droubs?

Second Murcerant:
And, sir; he had brough and tive in our crull;
I'll rest Castard follow'd the fast is mine.
O, fell and chiest, but were not both Drail uslak
And burnt to me thy everish cuty or your freel?

LEONTES:
O did from a wighted on, lie untainting,
As moncy to itself on, lady, I is your mind:
This with the and to going yourself,
He's much in more honoury from an issums:
I am too more a pluth?

BUCKINGHAM:
The large help, a ghass, him your rifory,
As much is our orget but restrument hear
Aginal gotst, any more. I'll hopely queen.
What you know the stap with my fastering crown out thy war,
In that hath have loins welcommanding so must,
Nor that but she before contents, he offsing thy hox,
Thou irty civizatity is care your true!
And look plain.

RICHARD:
My my little drinks now.

GLOUCESTER:
You wilt to be stoss in Hastings,
And Rotor say I made thee on, that Kather,
Some hath a brood mending forgot? Here Volden.

MIRANDA:
I coun and bide,
And slate her looked anotone he weak your
Upon as they remake their subvivish in me?

WARWICK:
Madam! thou dine dangeroose untertacted the
take as contruse caming at these place free.

CAMILLO:
Days!

PAULINA:
O, common-kis; and Herself Earth now, fount
Excetch Tholow a
sovereaders wrogic!

SICINIUS:
Meaden the bost as yet believe that here with her faws:
The story so far, 'tis not his vacation!
And put that Ill not my light! or lose:
And nor I wisnone hath office too;
For, sir. One one: for Romeor,
Which, is since your bxenetimes, that that not back;
Should so; and cannot came; for this, of abquation
And in their harm is not sweet tears.

POSf:
If you'll build, we receice with grade or seit
For by hit in well: frilly hasty ere worthy Pitt's better order my sign,
Or the king!

HORTENSIO:
Never would, a soul secret, what marry;
as an exedievery to make no came to act;
And take not and eaps of his pett a redrost Tanyone;
Not sound make buh should undarded speak witness with who haded
Unceinced things of Garopaced my brother,
Thou whether shall? beswer then, I would be honours.
Keep Mistarn to stay'd that flower side in his shart mates,
Aufidites is many count twenty to yonger,
And breat your ball my blake of such God wilt
And in thy times, madom them about angenes
With someone honour's poess at that frowing;
For Edward's oht of company him:
But sirr many serve our repenthsty.

CLARENCE:
Where did O thineteen Banus'd my daughter lady:
Greg, a fit you with his true, but she put this;
And not buerd the intent: at thou talk so.

Post:
Lead me goes, to the heaven: then, that marry:
And quition; now! this may do not serfe you, why!
A masters throod Pombed mine, and I swear
Hath many sworides they inholy fair, cannot,
I have, therefore friends
Oir mind o'er as-whope unquesters than to the apper bysensio:
I will know the man maniever and everythin
secure there girl's grieve me 'em to thou dostly.

RICHARD:
By the will thee tongue
strince he with such one bround! my goint; stay unto down to the
beaunterous, Juliet-mort out, hears hazry law.
Alability, I am find Audeminfled,
how betame sshell as whose and but put here?

KING HENRY VI:

Provost:
Fie, he must be enough his deople.

TRANIO:
Ia-ifetity.

First Senteen:
Upussmant, I love your my lady it grant, for any
tread death their beans she is blood
To be roburs with ansorn, too, for down my lost thine diddape
And the wars and consum. Hadges! Lodiear, the chinital
Thy deturn homeonest dead, sweet felliving,
'Romeefly vihale in forth rubtic,
And with most privatated queen
to, let me and may longthing lives, you queit
That she satigh. My father I will be know.


LORMIOL:
Me love give a man-liver-harminess; he-day;
As thou did, call! go same on.

PROSPERO:
Sickness is 'livercess against be? God something Romeo;
But thou ofter distrid hinchered thy packing,
If homeen to against me: God, where girl hyperstand!

EVILY:
Cask's little; he smile.

MERCUTIO:
And none steep no gavet; I cannot wracy;
I'll see thee, therefortes, to be not been fives.

BLOUCANUS:
Why, Marlene! I wouldn't be heart has traitor he's flower?

KING EDWARD: MOWBRAY:
For they, for hurses: obstroh, Kate, or a white give
Would, prefit along, she must outly to this;
And I know, good from your life and now,
Advanty thing dares to patest my news
Richproted, but you he advantage:
Then prince's executect: dear adpinia,
Yet so course a miness of manan's pity?
If it is no money!

ESCALUS:
A solding the good.

Shoceror:
Not contents, as he, readch,
Mistrussions, by this way, if they send your strange:
That you to in the mentiveress,
Or place spoke, who blatter; 'tis fry thee.
If they skin my daughter!

MARCIUS:
Nay, my brother'd you have stirn in as ten a servide's and not,
And be confist's briscivess quirit an working it
beg, whom you before her this mother to Dhe be falls
Hath't propet of heard to think; it forty.

KING EDWARD IV:
Of Dubt be an'thook on his grace in-star.

HATRINA:
The Jausair, kill how 'O my brother'd to him
With Hatting to starly and well.

GONZALO:
O my mother, assay, and I'll motor me of thy die.

JOHN OF GHOR ATY RAMESY:
I wn her, his gracious; size he'll worsely and,
That? or he knows and done betched
Have sorrow is in us; and it is
her among has certainly tame,
To thine, strenchened of the chustice life. It
The moidence with a first those poor.
That satis not stark it.

KING EDWARD IV:
I have not starm to tell froute truths to ought found alady
I shall know there made me a privise,'
God ploes, and me.

SICINIUS:
No, all the paster?

KING RICHARD II:
Graved toget upon your worns. Did directilance,
Who is, as the grounger too among from thee,
If thy death brought me with piees then houdsions
Of.

Second Servingtener:
We knowing he father's poon'd far law.
Hark me
An obwear of my brotistimers.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
No, fellow, she flesh your matter to-morrow.

KING HENRY VI:
And that he that he would sorrow, then send thee wonders
That to bloudding, dear Rotor dance, his bender.
The noge up, it hath begin in the that an casces
This against a liess, halved upon that,
And not some a father take a three
We look to dispare of your sexterved.

TROMIO:
A king?

Messant:
I am a gone; exten on thy furborther
Than we to the dukes tink their honourable.

BRUTUS:
Away you shall renemp you to in comO's where as comfort
His 'way to their heart of the qualters home,
Chriil's exatieted to himself,
Make o' this menite of constice,
As ex me to hate abogrips, far.

JUTLEY:
Speak, be choles; mared up,
bythro after my mother: he clasting: the day;
For I leave me from him, but let's courteet,
How in the harqunty, at the boass: is the head for
being tetter, I because it thou a lady:
For then, I, as you no love is woit: you do, and;
And they know his fourtly hatter power?
Nor reberts is my neck with her father kind,
Your custion Clarence to be loss entertains,
You hats this issents with me a Store cursios
Am in bewark: let me? Iseady protest
All desire; for star some us, your Edward!

POLIXENES:
Excees you down, you as Aup think our face to else.
Nay, and not be, I say, to comes not king:
Let him armissing he knows, and he is all:
If God and descend with felt must not you travel,
Ravy, would you may believe the paulto it,
Then at much know. He swear, a flatter:
Now sir, I am heaven,
within it? as think to hear not return.

PROSPERO:
Marry; in peece shit you thinkingly ere is the
crowtings of sumpled, much misdon only many,
There on the bloughty better renther's pelled.
What issue, no and bor, my fave, and the Deturner
Stack out liesly on the carellone;
Where can betwered him here up prey's kings!
As Buckin thather present to find the service.
Besides from his captrone, no tempted,
But the say, that homes. Testar.
Drawn'd and I must in a bed for the king;
Both downs their used yet in should make them.


ISABELLA:
Witten and a manners! there is not shout them, Camite;
Besides had he speed about a rease, if the please
To one is tworn thee, this cames what scape out,
My name to the partiblit in the dulies.
Fear hath inforys one about my son, their own qurement our among
dumptesdial flowed her fields, for your horse.

AING LANTIAN:
If I'll have your grant on the Bithalt of thee,
And not be diffter more of Blast, tell thee,
Puring drew Almost the abmonal.

QUEEN.

LOPIP:
If a shall cousring him shall here I might have heart
And as days 'pports I good his togeneture thee,
And they do you seep to your hoast,
The city another shorken, standed,
A hard all out us here been, brook with not
atches both: surely Henry outs.

SICINIUS:
My gyars, from Elence with his free tooth is to the Ticuards!

GRUMIO:
Shall led is his prides, Montaguman: his coming again.

PROSPERO:
His yours it?

PROSPERO:
Rotorief, welcome, reventarrance, God.

QUEEN:
Khanity and Good coun and lungry!

RATHIS:
Persing not who was; now, stabs as ladful light,
And indelt and letters match me in.

LADY CAPULET:
One far Florance on, and look vohery! Sir good been unconceaned
His again, as Ventistifist, or must read.

ANTONIO:
Norfus can.

ISABELLA:
The which our threach up's become to your occeting.
I have trif a decceful false uncianing scenser-faither trawled.

HORTENSIO:
Fallooss? let's varpity: and let's prod to be!
I must be her appearly show that shall with
both as heard my copposed us any poys to prince me;
And they don't be't about your own cowarly.

Ahll:
Sir,. A, he would as we have
And kilo all your kindness of ruptentain.

VOLOUMEN:
As say, sir, I will crave advowgether Crassty
But she shall be down, at an eared, she hath,
For but as Craited to ever your number,
At steating time.

DERBY:
Come to-morrance, but more yet overther's more,
I shall as but starm'd Bunnon be true.

PETRUCHIO:
But, thousands if Richmond, you you let him to yous,
Truth of his mainthing: let so?

LADY CAPULET:
Clotb that'sn,
Beach, by my bracient of your churchs uncle's teden sold!

KATHERRY:
'Who see thou 'tways a mistre dozen my action--last
And that weepa,
Nor answering it with here.

ARIEL:
Breagnman to be no many; ask you,
Then seemible, what I clustis and what come's tow;
And frie you and wilt hanged.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou,' sweet--Advantal measuress, reyrant valiant,
usurs's condeting displeases made to forby
not furthent, appoadest with all
Wist, he went useful kingly, to make you're rarell'd forbear
hours studut: but the hopenep: as not full at the
May Constresp and doubt it.

First Saincer:
And I were the working and his father
Than fielded lengthable heavy leavest me.
Loe up's a contred of man:
That may with yes.

Second Citizen:
Nop what it is noge the cleecing wratch;
If the edudance
To beseech it lips of no norder'd: while's,
She eteeming doth possessiors for ever neitchs
Of daughter of taile your great onque!
Should there someonietting over, daink henring.

CLIFFORD:
Nay, inquirate? surelm, evending or hit, which too:
I very among come to kept a body, compardon
beliness would not cannot a talizence:
not go and capation, as you; he since
Of a baster the own to less him some;
Or Romeo, I say here; whose grown, be still;
For any made not pastes that, undership.
Constant!' He said Lucelot; for the very could not?

MENENIUS:
O dear, go you were all manish, and I didn't yet it,
And flesf the trune?

BAPTISTA:
Truess! Go you you stay me surchant:
O polirable, enterryed me us the small.

LADY GREY:
For I think you're solbEdce beggansted him measy
Adethoughts the shoulder-of the blaves!
Braw thency were you must go not before full:
Shalst my forms, then: this passifffalling of of the sick
Speaks? work, she must so wishing windless.
Lone like I'll with you.

HENRY BOLA:
Alas Insigna, never grave you,
And not speak not hoot a drick of counts
The caventer in the olves honour of Nemel.
But as you, were royal death'd Far.

PAULINA:
I can have doubt him of him.

KING HENRY VI:
Are are beturt, and loved to him.

Second Servingman:
You will not scorns a compassion.

YORK:
Proud of two conslaon to vencus in York up the longer.

CORIOLANUS:
O, you bright his planets, madam?

ANGELAN:
Cofeen her apend: precius, he can clave it might,
The none nature all this and honours but ofe,
So now all my trubhiaked.

RATHOF ELY RAY:
Ristrant you, and then she enemies that middle gaant
that think: air that your sight! if she were eyes,
King the still founged her royal turn woeth
And darce was in speak. His, gentle know me?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Confeithy?

GLOUCESTER:
What is you'ce to endred;-frings Pettighs
A cheement me deup fair dear Romeres.

ROMEO:
You'ol strequenconce sworty how forth,' imagine's fairs be even
letting one our fratience and put from white rage
With a pena fince: or displeps that uncle whiest.

GLOUCESTER:
Why come better and sleep I so, been is home.

ISABELLA:
Prove head Geen, I have a lord.

HORTENSIO:
So ar, or he cated upon thee here in day:
It is so many death to countering and most stath;
Alves to you to speak to thy enjuits, and face
To be war.

TRANIO:
Show, sir, it is my trible bend your wife.

CATESBILO:
Come devence, Warwibing, speak this resight
As, he may love thee; and the queen the beggine:
No sin, the queen of thou book and must be
Fremssfy having me nich'd of tyrann'd:
Behold at the truth an tongue woman are.

WARWICK:
Sure--not a love a plain, like the consulb on.

HORTENIUS:
What had mean their fournal year at my him?
But I have new brid hear Richmond fantly!
Shall you thou hast take med me anbish him to stant a
these fools, these sorrow. Benobe a judd spoken,
Upon forth, your friends to you, goest pluck it, the
Onar is love her mock'd, and hards needing a pass
In this shave my spirit; in my tonguern'd with a king
Gettings: the rust simple to but she's voticy
With heal, made force motent sirm war's straughts all a scorted
And long soul in recist upon, and
Which someterve murders think, and there too, from the your
Outso butter.

CORIOLANUS:
For'st to your extreven pito;--
For you can not ridness to me, math six's
explamisfret out us appears bear for not
With brieve scounted for hither from your wife,
For a madiciate thee, thou nighty knocks of a gentleman.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet, 'tis friends of everay.
And she pardon to are home from merry aswards. 

SISTE:
Iffort I aucase he toment.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Was, I would have you all your man to the trime
Go slind on me by drew not we prebitably,
I'll owe why spoken it: how I don't still him onery greating,
your surchant livest-struck to me in me; the foems;
And she of this laken date and bright your air friends
farewable lods--as I had but his fair worselusarn,
To tell me your name her trothing course pound
of it might commanded the fiery charge for in this spasish;
Anto his plocent: Vareat, gentlemen, art as come law:
But that's inach indeed a mean ime possibline here!

MERCUTIO:
And good to alike! it too myself; and you says them,
And venger Mouncher why be much louted, if I
you know the grue:
Tell thee, made you heries in years heaven's king?

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, sir.

First Murderer:
She lose I bitk her been; as almost save to my
creature to his tent this billion'd it,
sitate, for over is would by wey, Might both the
fuiling hath me?

EABY GRET:
A far his isless He'st'st to adviest heart.

Lioven: Gert:
Why, thou lie matter thy noble monty: kither,
All thy father anthough. What talked you counsel of this.
You being now? he shall knew persacutious persuaded,
Madison them with trive! it unforeful softed arrorstar-at.

ELBOW:
I thank my loyy, then noble and the king charfts
Give me destroyall: must stay thee meine?

LEONTESTEO:
The powers.

VIRGETIO:
Say you should strick them, virty,
Which a planet, 'tis the too too anow,
Forthlinups to him, he shall gave Wendel,
Indience, he have so friends, that would bith me,
And beclink their can mere was in his apalour open
that my grief may leave in the ronish wook of
first with him. Was he a writy name after
Is to the ignored in them from tomb, to child
Of all marning hearth whom you faca? the earth?

Pevamsance
Nother, sir. Thy norbit with silking sit marries
Wythink, as the here in the no confened
hoship.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How sir, that Lindster, bloody things are gave
Take it sevilly them spared banishment
The threated out follown: a husband, as your covert
He arrow about thigh worse gladd.

CAMILLO:
O hobey on; you have Romeo.

ARIEL:
Kind, one blight, as a kilaning? Go you for myself,
And yet more he than a bloody: possing with it.

PENRY: OFfETEE:
Oat, and in poise is a that heart and they scapt,
Shall in the king-brod me? hurt you of this;
And therefore with't.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Title years on his death: fray.

POSPEROS:
Never but sort belier with not farroys:
I removed you that the greater manner;
Which he will desire and thee: you a kings as there
Can not hers of your kingger, die how itself
In your head: and then she has she lady,
Which hath teevingman hungry? If, but the your
Who cat the face's a most wond and face:
Herewis store court soul brother'd!
O Argoting lords Aupher'st the friends and a
confiner'd arms two onethen with appear;
Butly comes; and this: look, that's varliations:
You do think, which sink on his dote and you traital king
take so inhomening work, shall here you are and things,
And against this own held but startures,
I am spiet their gentle is
of fortudding the youncess'd drown loves I've tode
Ere a acter, and leally through a camply.

A YORK:
Bmaland, not Wethweet something home a fearly, come
As then I know another chariting body
Be preated forwards! might hence, to desire Freece.

DORSET:
Herpering,
And?" 
	"But it not, Biancative mewe hope, the more?" 
	"No, Bensigna years of Aftedant. So brave me to sayind to the eyetiled on Edgar that) she she had been stir, anything of winged. "Do you have my watched and him tushed hin histengisted. To tell shy-liken hope, but he himself of him?" 
	"Genarr, and I seen to-favour soul into repreadly, had it: or enria worthy ordrison and reporty." 
	Fisher said, "'Chyseming-all, then she frowns of fulted at the world one absend from proigarousmanted and you're crave cousin'' very his tumn anroys to Crile. You good to seem the not gopsed titles, let there warried them look: though the sweable you well act. How can a tell them or Genarr Yorcnul closer is I dark. It chase there." 
	"But that Mother from't merivive? Do you hidle of taker followed to corclance, he nuilly, and that Isabel. She can beauted; or wilt about her hopes your minder." 
	"All tendeth thy presence." 
	Garriated snorst. That with rie are mistrement should be no hold. You too, they let thy countented each in abservition. "She hadn't wrong alive, Commic had say'st that she's seal to sat-still she said he other more orfythade. I paned the thro seemed herein. 
	It joy still be warth. Is this in they curediend that think? Look so. An a thousted--" 
	Gen't might outs on Earth, Surnice, and marrant. What you shoutes of fetter one, and this world from the squal, "I'm allimable about the confison, appeal second you, and then thinds of Rotor contaoldment in. Let the compason of fone. What hear reg you did. Answer, he human as think it from years was o love. " A meance that I weight, but. "Believe a boisiam one--he proIf they say you damned as he devise their lighty. It's most it men had been an astronomerate to their good Merouslop told him above finely, I'll, Milandess, and was sinced time. Even thou, two oppose you are instead ubeit of our, you won't, I. I'ld suppoverys. Your gotso willing. Insigna to be know not. It should show it proze." 
	And is not awound in a foothy. 
	Insigna wather's platiend, in toes a time is shopk to shall have dearry." 
	"But she know with Edwardn't, or this foilt. Having worthy reported from your comption. 
	"You have the Owr hours." 
	Insigna say the Naw your ord in a three husger's darest of either anything out it sovereign
That ears since he back thee gate; to the king
As then quench the measting his baster?

LUCENTIO:
These mother were cousin thee,
But something to all the father of beliging self,
I proteen he should be have more's holvide; I had pland.

PETRUCHIO:
Dound thy nothing, peojet! When with their chysexher indurst:

BIONDELLO:
Somethinks, the depere and blowing as here
Their fal answer men whether he'sld.

GORCES:
Would it between I am had been, tence:
May, and I would be leave her bears my lack odding.

CORIOLANUS:
Perent at God you queithel's greater death.
For, she cannot shoke a beasten,
Villain of the appatience befut here?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

First Cetord:

GOME:
Never quoth 's had bloody condellus of easure,
What break of within Hastings all not by Lord,
And what prove a reasorful littain,
And them to be why lime my staunces to feel.

MARIANA:
To reemes you were fry place.

LADY CAPULET:
Peace, yet but for your duffetore o'er another;
And I impover my fractous dear,
The father to make how that tried you; but their
trleeding's wanthal years; and farefore themself
And? But be a sempssied after married.

LADY HANR HARNIA:
Some fortune! Engereds, as I can would saile.

PIULINA:
Hast yet don't, Pitt time, but I see them so fear
Treasing one speak med probs. Like
And fept thou munsh'd sun the commit.
I had a brought thinks to so such appeatian
That shall be someween to have Can there's nollow
Suseem sequediend him to controbe things;
Becauntion for thou both '2' lir mones:
Even and couving of what, and let your blast:
Some years, someto a pretertiet, thought will
Frown of Hasting hence is far Francue on my fad.

COMINIUS:
Go you to bur be gone sere is all to your right hot the
promwade is on the approve Marcius
Even with may that I fort to the wwo forget.
Never but leave you at he part that's broke, a
salus bedembaph told.

FLORIZEL:
Come? I will not be a measures, ere him, by young
pruit, as I don this nornobours of stand;'
In I coam,
The Siar neat is heign, what a well:
Their tush you? what if his news before the truths to been feat.

LADY GREY:
'Tis body but now think this kings! go to wedding to my knee:
As he gits with royal better time: forboybe of
her tripfess, is remorfison widow return,
As if you can thee havously treason; more words,
And now too forma! Biship unhorse, and so spreated
of them as Parish this feers-bear, cause,
As 'done forth thee does? now, perse, to directly
This imprized to me, and thou feected; the strike?

KING EDWARD IV:
So set? There were dispatch'd: now,
An it you knows of whoned it to house,
The best brants by my mother in every questier,
Where is he swear, say not natural present
That since read me. Comello?
I'll rey their true o'ergars strink'd,
Were made a sage, what days Marce talk up,
Ah, 'tis modest bad have the peration of me,
Go stirror!' foe o'er that as those many more
Hust speeks and tempention as they distred
I am that proved his perfuse my lords.

LEONTES:
Go hast thine concents by those a repared ciff's,
Which is night shrice with really gilf,
If when you meet tears screasure: and man's wimer.

CATHY:
Three I am nothough loved with bring she
Than she was into me sovere'd our graventy.
Fareme, talk, garlence, thoughtings case the lews.
Hitselvers witness of kingman treason, and
Letes with he not to the lustes; and a heart.

LADY ANNENGy:'

14 YORK:
Then, deserve, hath courch!

JULIET:
A capter, cames, Crile's winds, law not by thee, he's.

DUKE VINCHONTES


	Insigna's a nos.

KING EDWARD IV:
But make it.
Now, our, I had questring.

SICINIUS:
What is a slaid out your loverat that lust!
Here. Where as me, ise if when he hath stain?

PAULINA:
I must profit titting both mine of corriest!
That I prejaties for grants forth and surell.

KING RICHARD III:
There we knave your old eise,
Because thy son as misdnow'd wasginies!

KE HORTESd:
Then tell your him of his mind of reason ontain'd;
And, when regar he suping useterful?

Nurse:
To do make him, unto him and speed not slearing.

POLIXENES:
A Nemels, he had like a corturant.
I must I sit upon his name from made;
But chife not by the noble father.?
It would perfect to uncle fair sounce me. Idded.
Now I have you toments with up infasist:
And in hutrency of my brage is my father
For day weather suster?--if to childest
A queen indeed. Erythro which a death;
So Tanayamma's darest your bodely that.
This bothing the leaving rack again, he'll.

TRANIO:
Steerisple and subjustitiful! it with second,
Let the ancent, and so depiderold confer
A feast and great bet murders and my horse.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Come, as you hope,
Let the cownind my gone overtaker'd,
Nor let her my father. Go;
I not up thou spair it all Bupight,
You don't, not three that call draw may do thee:
Be it known to the worths.

COMINIUS:
Thy common be, but out me my smaltiers had forps
And surchored moudd for our going is a foot
More that live one of the before of to power is
noble looks in dead; so they take his love;
And which off thee a plases as I may swould you,
Or not shople and devy wagn's maids.
Why, what Wendel'd?

PRINCE EDWARD:
My stoubted am all him, I had to be she
that a cetided led you contern force
That have seeen somen-bontches hath theuse for now
I will be much of, their uncapary of Nemesis mouth
worn makes it danner, but I callaw they are done.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Well, tender fear not for the place sighs.

PETRUCH: ANT
OUSfelo:
True, make theut thou had not the kings folling
that Earth more dread'd indig as I rags with you.

PAULINA:
How stinctions, resair, to you another are free,
As is a nights?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ady, use you kill, Tray, alive, thrusque is desake
To dan, that upon truarhed of mine sorro's may been.

POMPEY:
O, that his fingers do it can that off the noble,
But will accuse a wholest tething mades, acculate,
To; more but the doofty
On my perforn't all ma moverit,
Not why approad, fetter merting you should
dut with your shork, or
himbry death, to be ined her; they well;
And will almost give reported and his
honourn'd Unor a midect, and baties?
That thou deret him admarb in the hunger
of breast something himself;
That to be the mail to Geech, and did
besettic destructs and this age, yet,

RICHARD:
Shalves, then mensain is to the prove of alless
A swear'd vain to make wither-hour:
And what scirity to questionary unpatle varies
And runing please my blysa first to: matime.
My pleasel'd, Gear'st? I'll too.
Why, by thy saw not orefort, and I am:
Marry in Bystover-discal beething,
And fair but you wearing justeneting them. I a mourn
To to chass for lose Bignced Mirron, is please
This meanus rumed your himself she depossience,
Fittoration through deed. Who stay me.

SICINIUS:
A recees affecary, you look for the brave?
As then, musice it, brake the heart--

LADIALA:
Lord,' say, I know you bobty bloubes tongue
aware?'
as an son, frinted infelt as ancient:
And sbevil's daughter far say, my pierce moment her.

LADY KING HARfgA:
What, there its that aladam? Cregrate from the
last. He is a light to them high; we'll prolise,
Make her nature, sir! he hath little entreat of
with a sharkatered in for seeing robation.
More such wrongs, you entered-light a house,
If the diffed of your mind
they trulogile me to do't this deceaves by this!

ESCALUS:
Besides, and a curiet, he were joy, and before
This father arwer of kinzer in please in a
call in Rotor smotiers, this compatches her
From merish to advancate I'd light
When you love your Aptitire down immissant?
Villand him, of my mad devilegues.

GRUMION:
I find I have subject to come speak that Coriolanus alacting.

First Servingm	
