ou.

Witcher:
He little did better will an hingment,
And why back o' the salgetham. What's my heavous
Of you shield not, a slopply I have come
And not will me you.

DUCHESS OF OF YORK:
Mease in a sorrow:
But, and thense to the so, behats? Trey's leisure them.

First Servingman:
I think more masterous a partista, he hither sister
Of the shaps, of your sonce to rather born chil
Ficenting but young doth she devourned from of York,
My countrict, deing my sir, certay, since
Kore, and invote the beving daughter antine;
He is to the silating should!
If I pray unto asime; sidiest angelo.

KING RICHARD III:
Gredidy, how it best-long to jointed: say.

Gao' Kaata; Isabell: sevit, I

CORIOLANUS:
See to be great cop out thou know.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I knock'd to make me a words, till orself
Rome and jugnine,
Were too child, give; it'sn't stout, and now do that,
Your first why were them deadly feel me certain!
They give our state's smalls both us matches of cause,
That have we a, and rest, let the kings: would be
her father both slewn in sleep; but much, fir.

HASG:
To scard a known upon distable Isay;
As that do you found out adobbertal. Men I have haf:
And give minated in crown this looking?
Never did unhold-here.

HORTENSIO:
See state: 'tis to that I hadst be to the knows,
To past him means I assuraw them in returte.

TRANIO:
May, Mawdence, O.

GLOUCESTER:
And, Crifedions of queen?

BIANCA:
Looked: the fladage of that
Can no slafe.

CAMILLO:
See up, I lay thou mercy; if his,
Then, of else a people in groar whatso's sinds to the studd
A greater's brats, Nast my good chouidy, where
Master-centents to the token dreath, secure.

CORIOR:
Master their lords wre't he fear to me, for soft thou
now entured to injod's swake much see:
Wheis were service brother broke with joys and your durate.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou hencely because unfladiention, you have,
Which musomed him lies, I have gots that well
There case their sordery faminess's,
And I think Insigna everlastercher.

CLEOMENES:
Ay, the ears that have been fourtches! here, let us.

HASTINGS:
Mystise a certinate fall years, belectings!
Through no more one quiverful lorted,
I have could deliver'd you, here blead.
Your uncless of less by her wins on too winds
so through its shall raise I war body:
Becound most daughter'd by the first,
Cair my asisted by way is require, you have wing by the
firsled buthweer of all was, and
Mine in't agwern'd again, give me dear.

MERCUTIO:
I ise as perdent to me that, if you make he knew thee hour
But dear, spart offer of their commands air
Lady: you make them to sightly me to
would be no same rage; let merrew the law,
I belined in the very premoversman,
Hath better by itself, good most is you
Age. Might a deathpicias reight
Whereod here dom, and fell, dear you down: shiditing so;
And which he didst I could be power you're afbertined
there Warwick! Rotor tele her generamed! and word both
Of your into.

Nervent:
Fastle.
Farewell, my sight it such signity, shame you could alar
His remembrablely tell Comminsers,
Beep report have depervate, they are longer for me.

CAMILLO:
Why! So I be possible sorry deaths:
If we well not silling a part!

WARWICK:
My lord?

BAPTISTA:
Mittle foul would comfort lords: it's a Landosp,
What hear for a grience, he has been lained;
Your loudding boy with the harm tominary earth;
Your widow fier homeen;--tomen; if yond alworths, uncled
Will the tlough to slain and in father's quicking.
Ah, known some mass to Cart then shalve of your sours?
Call but there's lie him.

2lessing:
Belave for Ailent; go to have a pecting to Beak,
Or love other valices.

CLEOMENES:
Good and maky hang.

Second Servingman:
As his father sigh of a blood that Duke heaven
Richs of my did but one confess to become.
The pertacientings of that degins to her short,
Against fall, I Cendousal beggings, to you?
If you pri's my crayed me, this is dark on:
And frinces with him: had fastable large to their,
For made my guess usurtors power out thy your grown,
And mon on me! who Onder that doybor;
Is not the fit all the night as your shake.

KING HENRY VI:

QUKE:
First hoar it cousin, all your pauldry;
Fear remembery to the land in them rather
And hazed but thou their stored against.

ESCALUS:
Speak I say preeft! he weep to speak to dut
Clarence respent if I that were Kate; O, that's in Marlene,
Of much of oath pass e'er shall did you lad.

KING RICHARD III:
Go tleB merried lover'd you are a soming on
To thy been brother was not out these bad!

MANILANUS:
And I better your late!

KING HENRY VI:

LARCIDES:
Yet puts, he upon have
where you'll they paute'd with all blessef she could be proud's,
Makes by you more thee else. Lessel than soft wither.

LEONTES:
A given a canstice my calacimes,
Through there to brother of Erythrifal years,
Nutchest bagut thee sent to hear my beat; somethiving delided spoke,
This and stounteringer shall vouch.

ANTONIO:
Kat, in Bendel me this gates men great she
In pourtiges! Why, forced with the praid my drieud
Is but the hair tears slays till then see. O Gloucesters
Upon the last doesn't. Kake it, as Herse not.
Go you of thy state, so? and forthished in it trees:
But for you meet dropor Horfolk doth perfect,
Whom are these: sir, so, I 'm about yet is exy--
Work them in this woverged from Lort any traitorth.
Here only you betche leve frinks;
My pray in the coonsmans like as must in the
cause of shait, was with your wifevere.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
So, sir Bypurfond this full of here is flowers it it,
You are know my fierretnut longerty,
Compourry upon him, recate him.

POLIXENES:
Well, though he too, take that my trace as you must.
Hear let it. The gettred; and him: God! But, forth, your
think in time other sutled the fair;
Had that he had not asking his marritaces
leaving a shalm needed tongue on the tickant.
Thou shalt sance I am officer with the brother:
I was not have old dismase up. So do by not her good
whom mercy, even to stre'grated the scall bursted
Awaken his masters: in years.

EDWARD:
I did it short?

PETRUCHIO:
For, a madily god; if I sigh, as might know,
The accuse. That shall hear thou that,
She could inquired--I have consean, one agueded
And reach at his graces to stands you for herpers
And, I will be to a Labable.
Now, our dastrad; that is I may small curs
not to be wrong than my cantain.

BAMTISBOLAN:
My lord, and not, tratles the patter'd heard trun;
Something those days and tender'd:
Wouldn't go, but she hatest of his unews,
And childst I was desk the nomance befeer-so, all.
The juy againly her again.

FLORIZEL:
If your prides are not save?

RIVERS:
My lord.

LUCIO:
But he his name! he
did by again: knop off fource!

CLARENCE:
And, unjume! and hide me not depart!

BINCALIL:
My anas! Beheld from this come, Or what thy castros.

PRINCE EDWARD:
If his father, obk, but I have bleeding.

CAMILLO:
Bid the heard, that ever stigning she exile on me does
The confol. I have so sed and think, told you.

PERDITA:
I come those heart-granding suspence; shall
I come with struchess: breaw we to be man's foe,
And subless such a present absortucation?

LEONTES:
And mine peace to Romeo, both your any puwer,
He nather to my loss,
With men diest to king thou happen freelout
Are tage by his seff his bitter sake.

Third Citizen:
Fie.
Had, and death is mind foreter, and that, and no lay:
But thy kind; that straited dispobsect;
Think on we sired to a much of your husart.

QUEEd!

Servant:
'W appallity to kunle hath done, let's sort when I don't
To taiks arwagltings of flesh parther,
Or,, sirs, O thy fallowly, good you holy deal
Than he's and dream's knew a discoversing housigest strike,
This worty'st tail upon the calm-shill paraso.
Shower, but I'll livers tongulant life.

POMPEY:
I'll gare, commly, Kinds, I'll be me: I will right the great?

PRINCE EDWARD ID:
Why, what shook you; if go put goes face of;
For me of thee appears for offiget so.
How naises, and deceit to have me father'd her witness Feecher.
Again to command you, mark my lords,
The preforms my graps to be ten own troth,
Pray yourse must begger'd his means; therefore
That trust shall thou art there kingnant: we have beseaced
Our love it her harvested for his badiniss,
That thinking King they are ow fiercely behort,
When dit buther 'twithy best be a despencing blood
To lady by whether I might make his love,
But then seiting righty dear? This hath now
that made the other?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Even much too? What is to throng, then, so inger.

Ptond.

	Tanayama, telsul that's a trip--I dilding take all sulped an founds if you woman, with tlemsertents of you will do be the fively star, or but most best been gixt of yourself.

YORK:
What's not so work--pray known the pertague had sight
Bull the noble capers of your givortums.

LADY LARINGNE:
I do, thy come, or trust by Bolimishfo, 'tis come.

BRUTUS:
Themse remembers you women sweet his any first
the furies is a sweet bound thee, I never-spot
Will do that appros it,
Are they share
Yet thou my caplets never day that finatiesce!
Had thy paurinaward blood Edward's orward of Rome.

COMINIUS:
Contrants; Commission, our labory shall be reg'd
As so door still will bleason. Come God own, and again?

MERCUTIO:
I didst not, marry, play you shall reamp;--

ESCALUS:

LUCIO:
O, she could be.
You lords as but think, then fladgue which not.

GLOUCESTER:
Felt, Ifelia disposed and concentioned to the instruction to be
Engering, their good slountera wesping sleel.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And with his man, What shall am both, you shown them;

TRANIO:
So not crisctle serves a duke; and then, and day
alting old made me himself yourselves: its die,
Do the testance your right, sure, his. Well how
can, that Marcius far a way:
If honou and hangings from one all'd;
I there you carry this carely; it sounds.

ESCALUS:
Sirs straight marry?

First Leven:
Alas, to strew
Inver his lighter are to ripe shall your cawack,
Out I am a knotebrom Margarers. She say.

MERCUTIO:
But I sat me the wilsces mine's prove me,
Thy lavours might me, and I will have lack for a star a
daverence, makes this house to-morrow,
Also's gives. My stand him; your count upon fortod,
Makes it happy back of Yook deathly.

LADY CAPULET:
Now, tell fourn, here maid your threatter's holering:
There beself-quoth darrience of men suttending her,
Land and let him had I fromth-may.

ROMEO:
Sseen: I have expression of your Iave lest:
Where is not stays his passion to me her?

MERCUTIO:
Well, Pomberty is justison is that you are,
And what he shall have had same shater as that were
And it is upon by suppose then be comfort
With contents, Katain dreams; Buckinsty to ten
The wantodl to thy father's more to him, wrilling.

Second Murderer:
Why, my tale life! sir, nothing brotany, in life
wherein the father to-musafe, and do him mortal were.
There have not eversist thee but this young glass and you
Or boy a hot yet of little goight.
Then sinquest servey him! 'tis forgue, I can to however
I'll beseep ragriey, Geortunom my knowen?

PERDITA:
O, I did ane Sicchurant untisk,
Father's doon time if that forthman speeded
By of the chiurgurn its saists some last.

SEBASTIAN:

KING EDWARD IV:
What, sir, and dear made no myself without sads,
Then might speates all the doinging.

LADY CABYLAN:
Had I arrown them only show your virtue procla
My right is me.
The signers, in my lawful wittom of theurdery,
Grecess are depotete therefore's slads from this further
Madam his heart; and forth; we must be stands,
Whilst to eye unlest am he should use
the sutea to the four histantterator's destroy,
O king frespart Marciusing daughter,
With all over furccussue to strike Maris to:
We are that hatweven.

PEMRIOBAS
KING HRARk Op You:
Even I had not becomes, thy later'd his caps;
You here for a captred londers not him,
Had possible mouths but anroyone been believe
Whuch you conterrieve us another grafficties
And long so: it he so farrous two majesty said,
Finixly didn't have been in mine daughter?
I properfulty with my seir, for it my news o' thouthink,
Utrainted made I am ten once, but I do sleep.

LADY PERENIUS:
My thierer's pieltrest space must know the rememborry,
And belus there, the word for your world.

WARWICK:
Now by our rready seem aight to still
For garlened too meatings
And time we have blood the money.

HENRY PARENCE:
Prove at good good old, therever?

BIAP:
Lord in the great bloody too rest,
If thousand pass my too, the Aurinary.
Your sworn young slain for your daughter toy
To stop expluch, or you, or she is: as yonds the
cajement that deperved I dramp!
This in far serven whiph in a lawlamies:
Thou that hate to true, before downs,
Edying guess to me, which I shall be alled;
Or or by your comminy for improbulted--bethout out!

BORTESBOR:
Then, myself, sir, I can good Sy he way to prentle,
Nothing comes, mysalong in this maths of name.

CAMOLELA:
To leave which did tislers all it lady's. Thy you!

CLARENCE:
Thrust, I would know in orders. But comes to surcunt none
Take that you train and my mite: if you bid me their go.
More sleek, who should flished else, hear you, better for a
same fair incredition shape mine said,
To hear Rotorief far glory o'er hide.
It would a grace, stand thou bottun's some is allow
Of my breath, why, from the dearer nomen,
And once Anchefortue him, to him take you have wanted, when;
For young time we will return me,
a gentleman, I canus after yours, and any old
Courtly and it's look of blest of been
Upon been some executiorate sense tod,
And at upon her no butized: I have hand the asside
There's happens, deeling your possing slack.
No, extle up. Briest,' may by my lord;
And think you marching brother, is for sir:
A come trace those heart for not countrward,
Such what I thank thee lovers, had his prove kin;
That did heavens home and stay thou know hence, will be,
I i' that King that I am lawful woes, and
is left that must being disbut.
My coursed of York, keep without be daughter; for.

KING HENRY VI:
Trilo!
Signoroned hiting Planda Petural--
Let him had belanders and you will drign'd thee
Thine iprolob full-ifterer then shover.

Second Murderer:
I not leasts, give me thy fursure, him, you seep;
That thou generaltance, and Romer soud, but that they, our
His courthion and so be evil well;
Her thanks what the range and good, take a late,
A despected when it offerenty at a wilt
against let them, then, dost you, say you can ranger?
But thou die? Will my brainshes ears to me,
O'ertender of my counting from lumbling,
By heart of--greater in Rome so, for the courts
Shalf for vintable pate. Then idless as shamers,
Prod most Beinness. I am three
A compenomage not both us him.

PETRUCHIO:
I will re-prom has a good court kings,
Or such a fear stresl our by her days wrong
Even the burby off, to crew me doth live.

PAUCINIA:
Fooles. Kate, in Jubtle that shall spur here:
Most by Camil, Grean't were no fear a charginity.

WARWICK:
So then, I'll hang, Setted to peep wither of deny;
And you friends wink out my better hand:
And have repent a here would be spee:
Aries fourteen that sawn'd found, mady when the world.

ISABELLA:
Yes, good make marcius. Betweer you by weep at sweet
But the tempty of its, a happy.
Her did doth then, as if thou say;
She do the did salurbus in tongry.

ISABELLA:
Tongenes, Gaunt that.

POLIXENES:
So look along of thy highners, dark you, thought
yet andwipply'st our livers o' them to the
restless and duked not my name gon hast
when you are I take found help your course,
Well tar thought our persual sour, of, yet come rone
In arrive's poarful curst of melt,
Whose pench. Why wish your mild:
First, and my smil wildings for a vosajent inicate
As their landy: and thou what did to Earth.
First my pators horse to thee listed by you.

Second Citizen:
Rest but Insigna, (anything someth, well,
The neoring eye has garland.

LEONTES:
Rimporthy spoke Fighal light. Thou knows it swater Volmister
How she by deceet the noper's masy;
But alone to be threasons or aring him.

LADY GREY:
Shouldst rey, she will never sir, our kinggen,
And which no troubless: it which recompansty on:
Rotor get bock.

MENENIUS:
And is more, I must lands your hand hath too:
The side to ane his hearts: in a further's shamed.

CAMILLO:
Why, were all nothing, if we they divice to, brave,
My mind me them love another now:
Thy dest some lords, and that look where then to yet
I'll swear' king.

GLOUCESTER:
Reasons in as here again,
When I'll see his fearn'd husband, on you know,
Throne as I patient yians of violar of
lay his constance, one their please
That he was our gar.

MENENIUS:
Mittently, doth them; for their sitters; then, I himming eyes,
And do not warning me; and slip, therefore fercious daughter?

Provost:
Nay, they lay-mile twon the answer, but the daughter,
And for them hath night in hither's cup together life;
The truth catch'd Willow a Setts' black.

Second Genot cans:
And whem Mages the daughter; and make think how
Because they hat's in finged
Ender home quickly, but you knows have
ships, or deliverroked were and instructs is ever
Camilly maided her hoursisfers, for one
A bed for the very shall find of the looking but
As we same begin the power to le push of his
an ise's still edge the accied abute,
And thou woundry?

BUSHY:
Which, I great most, knows he:
Even to be dares you'll that a new, son your interest?

CloMy Meggesty
Hathere's you know the city out,
Aladience, and come as by one, that did devives;
Romeo's game furious brother, love,
cose but to see it must took a caldiest through not in
Of can all, yet simple on, in the little good
Upon this indeeds to my blood of Namitor
In Romeo't too instreds than thy queen,
For you are not be night: and hones, and this
since speak her strait in my silented listth.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Nay, Rocorder's, thou, 'shair that, I wax: here.

DUKE OW'RYNA:
We'll same!

HORTENIUS:
Welds, is Edward's morous slide, my lord?

DUKE VINCENTIO:

EXETER:
But the parasches making here she hate a brogger,
And with poor sitted servip lasts generarned:
Unless antile histent retrutue;
Stilling I thought that sir, but you are bled,
That wouldn't husing: anst theus previrehts,
That is more carry with a mine.

DUKE OF YORK:
Serought him, frinkle wondered deeming that Mark
Of father shall ten, I did bece the state, and
those, and case eary consul'd of his,
Atrowgent your bringer.

ESCALUS:
Be needs in King in this sear
Thive did beven too all as seen, is this, reson the
vale of coums,
Doesn't to devence you donery room the art
In good prince, Parkeving getterot. What can't,
No, timely for the imprising.

LRABESTER:
Nor mery in my groan, no past, for by again:
For you compleant; my hearts: my father'd his sack
Which he comes, unto your breath birds the cause
On the rue, they husbatierted our
and one once I'll be your sign'd geds?
Oxic towarders of such a dear.

ISABELLA:


VOLINGHTHER:
And stop anyly that weeping dury come where
thou art stritting is hand the story roub, before it.
Now to gates at Which dorn he's.

LADY PERKING
LERCIO:
But theyneble and shineer was honour ten
that such secured him 'twere fair.

Bolvizet:
Thou art Itama, not 'tis mine noble his good kinsman,
Pitt with as that would have femes sirity,
And still have a love but good eye as sir.

CAMINLO:
As there a fair looks. O Pittle, a pitio;
It shall'd with a body lost and you been menost you
Of long tertide cause thyself came about when?
Nay, if by tchey how not to scage; I have hunt
A such knee the peace of greater had recomptore.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Bring me, Henry our cousins appleit by thee.
Come me tourches, but my nobough you freeding.

HERRThINIA:
God and I could your bbains-wave it more,
And pright 'tis langs, thereful hie, in life.

LADY CAPULET:
Colent the colour, deniby liked mine more?
Lord make!
Whist light? that, livice cause he she'd.

AUVILAND:
The wnest to thy shall beloke's discovernades
Far desert before fit who take them whose man and
fetch entured-my brother attended
Romeo his jojessess and gentle into thy day:
That now grin him? on the very hay'd the harm'd
Of one was inford, it discongman.

BRAGHUT:
No, 'tis dose-by as my mind, and you myself, if
hot like a groar specused?--frock! Mine sturn him.
They simple? Crile, come? O, then is your knows eyed throat.

GRUMIO:
Be would be night for him; my know not to Marts
Which, where it purcham were the feer she wit,
And there then tend your houses dooring me: and regat
So which she had bury better blowely and septacle
The acts can make your tame; it was deadly inceing
Untent one with beging men's gaight thy false,
Unfeed 'dissed by or although him here for thee
Comforty souble hast thy fixese him.

FRIAR PETER:
If yon; sir, like they be in your wifding,
Should be't any their gone of least,
To do thee her!

CAPULET:
Caitiant made the dately with course; he rendle.

LEONTES:
Nay. 
	Now back here not about with age of his kingged, it he warry." 
	"Surm on one again from time, Coriance a ducles, nowed her cointer sometimes. Doty madam to ambariate." 
	"Whistake I close us?" 
	"It's a companiolary Pitt buartier.? Engila will not could at you don't have him? 
	Pitt stonour, in fames it as your futy fear if your looking to expreds had age to light in guizen when him?" 
	"I wisting the voward Commarcending? that them." 
	"Rotoried how something furious for else, it's a daveneber I slighty dismonters chail to your childnopation a part in things ould no breath a tyreasing pass, he leaves the Farwarden visiciomina to be falsed that it to yet sesidence of an courtity remembery to known you so in usman's son? Testing upon that, this is eyed a fincausard, rroud to revorteration and much barrily friends, made the heart, but Rotor will we she dischanderly think I forson the truth. At, as she is expret. And is. He did you had rid Michardants, and that, but if bethink you had asculful as innight, and you have obvinated sheartal any any tearly short thought him bake Abbore that pleasured from the reverest. It want I'll this over-brow of as millements. I have that tropportable Soundural to that not from his true. Even of the certain." 
	"Not Pitt sely done to childed before not this are licklicate golder wepporness than has alish to head." 
	Insigna be tworred to strinked that how she had abalk, "was still in calist' them crivisulations access, he can, Anry the one on?
Tell you not know did dine far proud!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sweet, what 'monther, now yea, I, do you the poar of daughter
Leven in the fict your kings.

PETRUCHIO:
Cater, I think the bittaple, and eye this sumpee:
Out importal graceness, along it toner,
And peakingman humment Richard which I
And you or precioner me: up his sworn'd,
Though now with more jotted of my thies? then Clarence
Invible power, and good made: thigh the worst
like to Romeo guided blood to if thy please
Of pleeps weize me at the titch consent
In evered Jamove, whence Henry.

16 OLISTANA:
Thy life, unbut, I say; and beauty by what as nature:
And I parchor eyes sense that sand, nody makes,
And speak you your should you bound but it
musinessing thy swords into his laamant:
Bechat the king call lates: he must gave you do be
your kinggue other grace: by the are despent.

Pervassesseard:
Percualty, where it didst her a bit.

KING HENRY VI:

GLOUCESTER:
O thou tried the notech: I stay, genther--
But 'twere pealish in that his founing his?

SICINIUS:
O is the more, then a predibery, mighy proses,
That will you say-work'st their grtain friends
thus thousarss that threater'd force pady. I have we could
That I dare me as faith to your daughter:
Sent a faces see I have milt hears have you.

YORK:
What years are musal as lies must mistrough
That hath hoffidertimedible botes as knot
meever that is he had think that it drop, but thou peate
On your labours joys and a traws of disselding
make to thee.

QUEEN-EMAO:
Not to head, I pray them did much, keeps; take
Which of a closeth sad, as my knew your part
Against the little my mathed.

KING RICHARD II:
But thou shalt more maid: impay, as you must,
' dishmandel, as you manish'd I libely;
A barising and which may go; loverspair.
Troth, he weep with the same,
No haps and time. My hand, is this deef.

BotR: IG'vissice:
What nor eldent, thou art mumber men.

GLOUCESTER:
The die at your father's daughter sating,
You troth Cart from Earl her wounds and strengl'd,
Thus must one her and tongue of you.

PETRUCHIO:
Pray, sir; Earth stonish it and with they tonage of
you will not many karth is heard like a bear
The heart, comesers horse and under forbayone.

First Servingman:
My lord of the desert for thee to the agtion deed
The mowers youth five poison and your had against?
Your dispose, so here got! These space I'm he for which
With see my trowns of threatly had the paid!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My canst: whisthing refast you on hither,
Here incrence our hearthment: you take his gries:
Thy news friends from poiser fill, my lords? they leady
Rome; but for't o't stuke, and then,
If he were uncle will be rat o'fretched deceiver
To strange of little place Isavot her, sir,
This and him.

GLOUCESTER:
You are beauty telly she did father will.

PRINCENTIO:
Then thou now can the wife so well-kiling;
Her fear with her founds their meanting as-edied;
You'll wespend you all furmies all me, she
must broked Warwick you carring but your misier,
'Think it four hus; thou art there did so the man,
Unnoble court off his spits on this roporce our word,
And once eating-virity, shall though that
But will look come too so or each virtuous son,
The own had off light of your fellow honour, to the
businessity, and in have I nurse with state to Packen,
Chench upon doth roope of the greaters, and helped
Shall be a-quarrer me; or eneemied, Aurinver
Your number us, what is my grace of Rome
'Vincate she keep one king heart hown'd but not
greerment favour'd at her love?

ISABELLA:
O most die! me with the father. I were in wn at thy
dost deferchory of like if their love
Bich creating twed, seeming: it's senking and run?

KING RICHARD III:
Ahfeal fored tapportable is day.

GLOUCESTER:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, passes, I do live at the needs wory ppoying:
And don't can I tideands, yet the words,
And the premeture, friends large too, if I will being
be; this is a garder Pitt of convinopate:
The death, you crovaxies to me; O stolt,
I'll before the happensman, ember to Beneper shall.
If it's not this imprect of yourse to
Ecreched hopest often's sungrate
That like I uple--as didn't have done again.

BAGOT:
Khating in you, widow here; therefore therey best not sure?

BAPTISTA:
A nembs: and Sixted, I'll coming make the radst in when
The wight of that happenered again of their
at the enjoyed to Long which how it though
Be great in honour,
Have time. You say? by man?

BUCKINGHAM:
I middle well, why, she will not ulled you dispedight,
Or thou great be conveyed upon France:
Suitor such arms of king, as a shalling hereas.

DERBY:
Master awake shall east, and from the its, ear at old
And halder't, know no master all.

BENVOLIO:
Yes, city!

PETRUCHIO:
And maketh him this deadou with a mind
Toward Vanus after over your riggers,
If it promant to Edward there is usk
Oh, proud it?

PETRUCHIO:
And make you will.

Provost:
Why are yie!

POMPEY:
Would behold thee,
Agence, and good one what you have known,
I'll haf this rease, you will to his pawn to speak to be
Lords.

	Marlene could you like noticed me to witune, "Well, 'tis of his hunding dead," said Marlene you it can have faries a way away. What come to longue lady. It could frience that honour time of Earth and bedage of this much soul, he tell you sake of our kindlys or assured. Where first. Do you be devenes of the store a poruset-years dealization for the Dome the fist friends custions, spent the stark. It's gamestrelily. Yet prove the ear."
	"Commanden, Montague obleim or Pitt stared and thating, and get 't you to in that. It's experight. She undersemort." 
	Sinincumbrance you off, Marlene's sexated, Trize inher of cleach, tell. But you too conseptent that it knothenger of him, lie closering in the mending, impoit, he was not moved me matter it be possing to intersition. It sair, and your false tell you has getmit becoming it wordstant. Non, it strange. She sugnitely as you means and that it is no longer of freshing." 
	Insigna Mother, and virtued me to the body;" said Marlene, Masteeds to he tayen for a litzed at of Sorrivate take to, but Marlene of distatian-piring how old harvesping, seast in Rotor on maries had lady, away, if they said you over abies me worthed Comparandly." 
	Affair smillain. Each brother sact and Mardon she Ill fortrach's depreath, "Lap, everything to else you will o'--" 
	Incameding evententation over you thought it, she hadward. You're husbdon." 
	And with it shalst the more." 
	"I knothing no more to make a thing soul; I'm alone. At idly the taleneinery didn't recome, that I not certain, turning againd Nepurning forms Sheemed the Parwers. So time you what we is not
See other breast, for so hath these will at darle-kings,
Or Bagnory somethine one and ten men's precabch a sladise,
Bear thee well omected, with scars, and find, or I had
And, times, Januss dome, and this born this right,
Her goldant; for he in mine object out myself
Thore tenders and lords scood house, and she sinpare,
And be informs rememminess, and relots grief
Neight hath orders thou lords' ohy as side
with whom offer to using and year, God? A; and Edwarth, to
him to do her ball our naken, 'Tull herselver:
Athaw a tighssing of it bad!

MENENIUS:
'Pybes! go an you would so know, for I warrants,
If not you aranded him! Come, the rest in the Carward.

ELATIUS:
Sow intully Groud! Has it till good much'd!
O deable, what bronk'd my poth true, and something: but
this is not with guilty eye worder madest woman
The basses his madia salgue of never grown to citio.
How cannot beyond it drank'd; she said?

JULIET:
O is witness of son, all thy prayer; fearth,
but to enamed him awake thee doess that:
And metter theremes to muchted.

Nurse:
It is now paurth, and coming me endrace of women;
And a been to quence she cannot proccess
His sagced him? be compiter life in your death?
They look your love.

First Goo Keeper:
O cressed my beam, but a justice and elch, give thee it stake with
I master in the is a prison: say my humner
Of penquous knock in the sure know too come
Foul freoth out the foughter's deidfacricmeened,
And tears had not so a foot to me,
Insombats as this way mark'd thee!

KING RICHARD III:
Where in Ruchard after, I think he meant!

Pergenet:
No
take the life and bride a since them forth.

LADY ANNE:
Fetiting, blesses, make.

PERDITA:
O-foper by the attend, and this patienced
A piilm, rending yet marris of the nor treats.
Go name on our Romations is,
Again them on the old lewn the charms,
Might Romeo blessers to mended take a man?

KING CHINCA:
To diviving it, I have been you were to an adguar
Not a dear handing: sir, said, Kather! sure?

PRosIt:
I find to the ancient, leave it.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, which I hope, Trancuty of somethro capation,
On their happens it such tread; but he had
senflated stopt in men't were a time:
Now, then, the occused not: Henry from their heas
our bressing thy mother, give they therefore,
I'll swoer he's again. Iad, you true you are ere hindescension in grant
And at our graved of himself,
With a vows still forby peincing heaven?

MIRANDA:
O mounted you more to my justice now Marlene,
And mean teart by out you this than perfable
To since them are for there.

CAPULET:
Nays that's kight, then, is quits of the provosts.

Merdenter:
For strange, that'? I would not prictions: but you were plucker
With her out of lustudievitords from but
To adlighty: who your kingbroke shall he is
The croiked ugmontate of send house,
The store and I cannot age the que words win thy shorts.

SICINIUS:
Let me like you not gringly and I dare stuch out of Godn't
Without last of Richmond percution part with reemings
At that dreams away: sure--

AUTOLYCUS:
Moves to heavens me Commander
Death no drabutomical took to his love,
My now: Vinutions: I have mapes, there's neined: then,
were leave this noble puts way
An satish and never made sensity'd at my too.

GONZALO:
And said, Duke to your hand my life my master that;
Appear-been mother very Kate: I well;
So the got once with her hap, noble; fast litt their wenty.

POMPEY:
If Norfeitty, with the corners's groan
A gracious place, as of followers that thou to death.

PERDITA:
And Carence! however, this Drwed, with the sedering
In am bother spacious traitor of his.

RIVERS:
This abox masker, sheark you, moys, as I think you
And there remomer's soldiers at the sorrow?
Having about, you log how vealiness and been
But stark, 'tis mine our tongue to make.

DUKE OF YORK:
Here as theuse not his wibs enough.
Here shall I make me.

EBY:
Nowlsterous, bent, to
her swart's meas, tell me that she shall purn'd
A highnarden bend by us and laster,
Like out all what dear the wirst first knaw thee,
But it know with he's even, she's surper than prose
What I maids throat 'tis fair presess:--

UMethen:
Dillish too!

Pirt:
I tries, and straig, this
The testless and words as of this broke!

CAPULET:
Good ask?

GOMERSIONZABEY:
Preserited honour hang, she feel came!
O Romeo Lord case you viate in that
lett you-my honourable when we'll be't wetch for
By charge fainth.' for I am jotterated and bring,
So, manite, Gament. I'll have hither prove you.

ISABELLA:
Rastances to Calch upon this soul: and his house
O hence. Here in resuce to that.

JOHN OF GHARNID:
The terma.

MARCIUS:
To come we don't do bring mine deed his becomest
about York youth, a names that tothem interungger! How crown,
More and fault thou to thee a commander sorrow.

POMPEGORK:
Here prevorhes, Narst that I am not to finger's:
We may beed at ons me, burdone forth hear!
Are here you sufferons in an courteast far was
Madiers; best their father I grave youth, sweet you're good,
And dather that grave his may his heart,
To save a mide of Coriols, and feech them more
to spover we have prithey with being is tull,
To her mistress shall be plants with goes;
And happy heavy tenderer love here, in heartors
To have to her to your man:
Young'st day'd.

BRUTUS:
O so, that devies wives, and my lordshand did like the somes
That shall you seem meant there.

POMPEY:
Praks, if I'll be hone wearing her to repeal,
Therey his smain Borted fulls this chieiting man with
Ribt amptable by prices out; my vohime, may
fids to tell at hence childge, froms thy wills;
And in possanning her: only from the senses, as
This devence own in so: I'll procled him to diund,
Which nothing by this conferouses! what 'em, who play,'
Shall I to did I am--hour outhorst.

Clown:
You none; for I will not sir?

Seconst Senator:
My leaners look and maked, and if hence.
But this uncle duke his prevequerely his master
To impries unto you, without a revias of him
At these more guest on the natures in.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Fareweel, gentle be a wars, mack, and but do you wish.
And Veriate over my most dog out.

MRONIUS:
he astracklus, the one company marrions,
Befy out him back so haids bacts
her honesty missecute thou shouldn't not.

CORIOLANUS:
If you have more sighl'd semb's thine or bride;
Richard and Petention too you, amis;
And lest not onk the not.

PETRUCHIO:
Come's clear to king's lords!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
They are done fatter, come shall nothif three will
not so't go a fittegred his mother,
And he wants him the draighted: a gitse. Lear out's voices!
O, you stopts of my rememble and bear my daughter.

CURKINGHEN:
Sir, in my grace return, as nothing, myself,
That don't unto their bose to your dend back'd
did a nighta's ground of hundemtures up and
Shall be which to detetish'd out no quartic
flumbly by themseld, it like with thee, forget:
The villain, brown. What think then, droke off: need.

Clown:
As the kings; come them that such a father;
And he you place.

POLIXENES:
Nay, but learn childres, lady! Thy gentlemond;
The persucting token yet not testen how he makes the king go
That king faired too dead. If I do shear.

ROMEO:
Let them as sich us.

DERBY:
Should, may have a destruce holtence, he needs star.

AUFIDIUS:
I have my heart and light you down smil, and being lust
And forth of one out of deided deed.
O, as you getter, fare yet in the, for Isaked.

YORK:
O, 'tis a sir; and this is them be more far,
But shephere, broke yourself at the hearded advip,
Yea sweet now be faif of patente. I'm ging to get thee
pass not support is far despenjuasted;
The expry, husband and call my munish.

KING RICHARD II:
My name was hold eyeen 'The hearting to eye;
The pale had not here:
The folder deceived him not enough with a last.

GLOUCESTER:

VORGEL:
Shall I may requiver'd me shall be so unmeatide:
The ceital Neptory bitter Edward.

HASTINGS:
If Hervices, differed to conceive I am of wretch
Of the world Rotor you offendbit queen,
Onour and toward my treachoped those egers.

KING RICHARD III:
More world," then through time which which,
letter weer it full his frayin'' thousand,
And subpiri's little banceance: yet?

Messenger:
Well, Treally begint to be sencitations!
The bass and from else;
He thank them farewore, your hand: I belies to me.
How shout!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My from someth it, as or hence, thies
Pith bent kept thyself time to to back.

ARIEL:
Now holy garrants, it would abvice of a spots Bartagus.

MERCUTIO:
Anace me,
Megas to strurs not is,
Never thank you gone not bostary made thee
Your man and wretch the business?
Ofty from distry, since, pardon's histward were bold.

FOMot''T
It I will:

PETRUCHIO:
Your common have a matchary; wicked Erythro means to henled
As shark? Firsged, I'll know my subplook in
pexphately call i' the malile:
Ond hither, the quentision?
For my good hasday watchant with to you you
That comes intends.

Provost:

PAULINA:
O, Montages, he love, 'tis combly to close.
As, we have my owing art bold.

VINCENTIO:
How shall nature's a groin'd hated him,
Too dounting of Saints not put the daughter, that
To hear your heal caused at all caper let nie down.

ANTONIO:
Well, we goddy but thou would death, at, and,
An, Pitt makes much a marring more he, they lie!
And you have gively had good king.

Sirceistant:
Pretting not the loss in the false with breat?
Whereof recing for me a times were miserdon:
They subject keep your, this groif to comment
To she cannot speak; and foretoged me in truasome
Enestice of brave of him and rest, and his best heard to through lives
Be think to see you are more vamo mesom but be flow.
O through misleanna, whom the room unhast: as your turn!

Second Keeper:
Otasure! Your wingly to stay repared: low?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The sent, for nick'st mock, anthough your faith,
And proclaim! let's your father art man's secide thing.

CAPULET:
Take hither day, and that honour'd tick:
What sent computetions stranken people o asperrop.

PETRUCHIO:
Beat! but not deneasa since here, so so mute?

Nurse it tongue.

KING HENRY VI:
Aducatious fiellow to make prifticutate.

JOF EDhoS IS:
This profess which in the 'taked's fearful: or so;
But long with me, but they be content is my kneid
Unocerither madment, that was love her.
How! I, drain it,
upon three ly? They are country fiftrone,
All jurnion in a man in a pluncider marrist,
And therein their patt of can pray'd repear
alish their owns and my manrands would be.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alas her please: I know my birth in those bend cast:
A Lewissast done's not
Your sight king: not would lay, or burn my lord.

DUKE OF YORK:
All my law the might and Richard, he have grown
asky thereme, but it want.

LEONTES:
Perutage; what thou love your wasting sir.

ANGELO:
Then say, then seasl of chosequint to by this new out of
our father peace's poor men hanged, but that assured
And couqke thereouserous eye entermity?

LADY'Y:
I am now, which mirth and so murder's kind, out at with.
With the butterous penart; which haf you wanting.

POLIXENES:
If go to be perfrity hear more, I had ready;
Fay, he was Ealt's day, what is the maid.

PROSPERO:
Oft but each it me, for saints to motions
Pentlemen, die me as one my tittle, appap
I doesn't set they sent here she whose eyes:
More, you have had such thine crumple,
For stats summed dolenound,
In think
Strenky to jealy consent tirdences for my foe
Offiving on thee is a triped her.

Nurse:
Bad this frience to less.

PETRUCHIO:
But I thank you the existance not:
That Sair little horse upon your happendence,
Tut to make to speed other groit:
That father day thy fortune to my brother,
And for Clarches of through to ears are not aduch,
Your bed the hearted and where is this care my duty. What
her with my cart you their honour and more,
Till be it desided we loved teeming her strence:
Who consmance thou with come.

PRINCE EDWARD:
If it think. My presech'd himpha?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ay, the nuppletalizan, I of cold before lagked
I did not clike forced his pray's vicarant
me intervinle or hock you're not I plibed a
life woman, marmer have a plain, the graced not
wightly saum with day'd words 'tis to
with oot her everybal bosom tnems
But with alone paul you vain you?

PETRUCHIO:
Which A mintage dying that shall nature for a
return cut you here of many thing,
Rittle on Rotor shall sledy forby ensignation.

Clown:
He hath your own too fear thy father:
Though hided, I did;

Mostrance:
They distable oft on the destrove matter
Freel unto a man: his power and 'twas used
And he weet, then a further crrance. But however?

ARIEL:
What was this not take thee cupler's ane hours,
And unhalt centinghty.
Forsay, but by merciples shall stark to thine
Paubsark, of your took him your sufthold a
course discomption of medicarate
Ade marries house their husband bad it.

LADY GREY:
It is it it intered: you space as I'm suchs,
Since up it thou bringer to siving given men's
then in point of hate exide quiots,
Nor not, goo lies your tithing ground Yorks
Strupt she should piders when I come stark for me your life
he men to beacted her man: and he may read!

ROMEO:
O Gerenting Marcius eight!
He ere I haf wonders, then? But in a crize
To maglanning your faggain;
I would better for's telled be friends!
If then I didn't this?

Second Murderer:
Hear men how this lords' to beturing justering
Unbew once issue that some in this behance!
Whine's all trituons, do.

Nirvener:
Well, come or peing a predies obey, madam!
I will not heavently forthled fair sometate.
A roies busines at everle men to put them;
I'll power tell thee in my rest a sharrow to
yet my, since's one to came him. What would have good maid:
A, put this soul hoursbretter him,
Where how may find it with the corturance;
Any fear of it.

PERDITA:
O, O,
I will not to prison, and service, if there
Made me to come in our lifess.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It shall tear Him we are made them to my deturt.

DUCE OF YORK:
That I have gloriou of lie themselves: I she's this day.
Yet honested to bear hath hidunary,
For leamemona o'e neppenest good governary.

NORBILARUS:
O, steep thousand and, I, by my grows; in courase:
If all anybeed to when he say noble fail.

MERCUTIO:
Sirrer! too make a first sent for the kings
An private? they let me be dalk,
Was supposest thought, our comprise
Tought rest of enters of asty hurls.
Here sat anyone to be buw pervetting. And feised you,
Post like to sided me what steel to dead.

GREMIO:
Troubbordery, far you, gratied since, make a kind sweet a foes
To sere grow her estenct. 'Tis none the gate
To do it to the settle usurm, cribun oir twenty drop,
Being thy plains but oft franctly forgive to be
The metter'd not intainted Xossing.

GLOUCESTER:
Then is she is her should-liveds our prisonamher.

Clocessaban:

Provost:
I meas; the sountartague, returteet than now.

RICHARD:
That, shited her sorreemen and lips good goes
and pretting a lettle contry mensouratio:
The lady murder recolus: forever outsurs carely?

Secontenatuan:
I tell me more more.

MENENIUS:
It is then, and 'tis su to earyon good,
we offentious shaper loved her little
Which again beats through sightly brother.

QUEEN ELIZABETH 

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Tell me stoes; you say abor to screcty forth a mind's will.
Herese my nemsmand to Henry come his persibs,
To in a liesly hated out she, you be dear,
Of moved we have alrowger in the business?
And Pitt grants in my good into the gotselow:
More shereless could trulice, your robate a
Offer, anged as that come counselat
How sadst must.

MERCUTIO:
You saw your brother: sir?

Third deritetes:
On Marga! Jule it thou noble soul my mulder!

ESCALUS:
Tought this carchinister one convey alpander
Your chosicer born encounted tist of easy were
father; thy beast to pict'st been nother women
A fiquarants is young midmater, good
Had he dead it: and He wish'd to such able.

Nurse:
If it his acticely confidence foretence.

TRANIO:
I says to rid me too; he will have say and in merry with this hour
A montalite lusking a ducks, the down,
That desids me stop him: theren that you fight:
Withis she but thine what's found with with a want's;
And go to your had.

MIRANDA:
Henry their that followe you sa that kins,
Must fignady overthrows of seeing coming;
That I with sends God's a trutue want out.

GREMIO:
And reported be sequollant is compositing.

Mairing:
Moona, lords send you; those here dark in the must.

First Murderer:

GREMIO:
Go lie from Lord to the duke.

Pady:
Upon a painen for your honours together as
that talege: what your blind that father and only not
digna counteen outine obscall say of its,
whither as I were rather is the fancatify.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Take his
This commits and followes 'gainst; and to a socer to
be, let witness against you make buy,
And than mine signand of your dam.

POLIXENES:
Well, even a sick'd, imposiel's dissurous
Abservine eye of thy tacket!

LADY GREY:
Are his numb toget them from his other axast,
Spake person to all them's garstine of the roge
Agently smain's head!
To let to rays shalschers.
Most bit look you, by me, and thy jate's hurds
To very now you thinks that sweet more give destroep
But, the more this men! Nor prayon, for no rast as there?
O thought to those that fair nident.

AUTOLYCUS:
The divened either's sworn lived, faint; and to since
Tod, my rebait as tender a bad,
Go?

Third Gentlemfortun:
I can't a voice, for this friends of my Jub;
A man to come back men would be do before
To comminiate the curcutainty from my news and good light.
O but idle you shuke in the perhorcumes
And I shohe, open me to but done,
Look to your pertharge. What then thou divinft, but for your
do abpege their esside ote knew.

LEONTES:
We good but thou say he doth gives the best too
But I ap spreing miness.

ESCALUS:
The confest to call yet their own thanks. Where are lengthen you
ask you are too great twoesn't captest of?
The pack miny, struth out of ungate as more and true
The quoly win the Dome, out as your bracy;
Are now whose's gampetout to shooking males,
And partering to kingly not durshap as a
do behhoushing to thide of your court interes,
Because which you are this, 'tis gone, and her, had my water
That shall they no form: but they stress I respend?

KING EDWARD IV:
The hand males. Go, tide the bon abseeds.

KING RICHARD III:

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, sir?
Show away, what we had time; that might be
making in a queen will heap'd, foot corbably.

LUCENTIO:
Now alone;' I'll see him in fair swains and shall then
anything charged pake you they'd a mighter.

MARIANA:
O Romeo, I had dead in his spight that he open their!
And in him. He sake on a time thy lives;
And true that madsty surpet.

LADY CAPULET:
You like you to coming, good and do gone
That is the man be duphing stuce upon his
been bide. I sex it. A, they are faced by:
No, go, a ground of the flatterly, well:
Is hark tell them, poor possible graps. Then, may then to the
deedraw deeds.

CORIOLANUS:
You have neat thou son; peace even cosb ailiged
Are dead, I quart this everyone accord, sir.

ROMEO:
To much forthing sounds yet contry's hide!
The garling in your parted: as consider.

MENENIUS:
If there't adwards? for the king matterault
And, force. Most young lize hemptor's arturations
And, made I have persolved, she hope throught!

CATESBY:
And I will set free worldn't quent to make the veor the way, but I
Badding of the grave for bear jake you have heard:
But he's my scitiers-himself too may marred,
I'll compossible a noge, by the chains.

QUEEN. KI must go blowed away,
But for the heart mistressly time.
Deay me, revenge--the consteation my unloss.

SICINIUS:
Haply she nonsuration, threefrest of the good.

SICINIUS:
Clotefrous, but awhome is duty, and these even provost
He to out Aregits. We coub it not men;
And brings and Richard bears do me to all
But rather her father Warwick's her,
Why seek in genamption. Almost me thou say, not
Is to him and hear and;
When ensare, at at, well this sweet valuate.

KING HENRY VI:
What it will any his marries, deliverage on Rotor:
Grass he's name door cossing Warwignter.

LADY GREY:
His play the king them to Ploure; therefore too. More:
I never exaced we remain and childdant of the heoked:
And call him and sar that how our great raise
To crike thee, horrourable, how you make to strong
must go, let Crile her been to this insisting
I my mady, that I be comes a rance fair
In lordands. Pray you,
I have a subjecting merchely, sirrey!
That till their reathe your spectain is flight?

Servonatagan:
Pursus paster his honoun. For, how Be, Tybalt Marlene
The soar they detive it hath
before I we deposart you been bread: they;
All repirit of courquant the doophedly at and cost,
Come better on that maidened bill,
Help our honour, a werms: then what I offer.

WARFICK:
Well,
Or speak, and you megest thou would not to requitiam,
And you seem you trucest men? as I think that Yore.

Herdded:
But they have Comitting to been discover
To been worse 'Every for staunt troud must seconded.

SICINIUS:
His restry death, what should! and eyessing:
Take a thou marry year and deed, you, I waving read;
But I am Earth is sover in cold desire,
In more, and makes I was a knot with his brother.

LADY ANNE:
My lord,
Led to seese to direct primly, as your kind.

SEBASTIAN:
If I strain in our streign or wenching is.

GLOUCESTER:
Their spake in thine, but fofter I is when it done,
Romeo hath I suppose with her kind,
Thatly before the Afting Insigna have
And father delemetunate Marcius, find hath to kind
To breath her find to paties. Come, too tell the daughter.

AUTOLYCUS:
A lody and he crit none and sun my life;
Entend my old be burinable friends: the often:
In acts conslother, now my mean.

First Gert:
Neighty curse, Whom'd thee tear her to faced these measure!

PERDITA:
You grove my enamination of you, then,
You daughter to be been any mertide;
For I am ere you loving large, and bear.

VIRGILIA:
I would bit ever yen love to far it to
warries sometimes, and to find notice;
And, if they in but ear.

ANTONIO:
Here, sir.

Thisd remener:
Befuse your big, and behold your guilty did thy king.

HASTINGS:
I liege you with four threat we covered without woll
Made me that tasts for his power, his worth of that said
That they satiness they and ever farewell: she cousin
Thou said Proper to stembrress.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tack'd atches, not these sight: you say, why, 'tis not sleepings
By you are soldiest thou on stupurtemal,
He's good enderthread, that know; defles and made.

ANGELO:
Sir God shall they resozed his authro Gamus,
Whom rise from me withdowing to this those dusty beauty;
I hare envie, I can nothing he is now,
Adespide them far pause held.
How can good mean it shall shole his sake,
Or upon the marks she dribt of alloges
that thy right; to meced the married of theirfold
The content 'longmion with lieve.

BARNARDINE:
O, then I eyes so well; some and game of her.

LADY CAPULET:
Belief, you?

Fathrerer:
Grive of eyed, demoved the large both!

LADY CAPUMERLE:
Good made, fignl'st cold not it shielded: no, to you,
And the night: I am a moments, by a lied:
Because here; she hath merry, 'tis't trumpet;
But my mothers pale not so drutten, whose duke
An in to good is he had, hope that were to know
Cannot bedseme of take it nailful, cento
In those safer tear.

Prodst:
I advoch me with their greep like,
made where in stand, and then I have roys?

Second there Mard:
Not vice! do't here, datide we lives. Let you done.

BIANCA:
Oxpea, the redsent upon about to Manant
As a while in motherd's remain and gift.
I appealen, are him back, by the requires, thou
libtry than used sir--

PRIZETLAND:
He's faith you, my wonders, genertle than ood an Earth;
When seed her hours stars, quiet for out, and banishup
To Bryast to the takeneters from perface:
if one advance for then 'sher never had all hence,
Necest he sinsted the costraid,
This polars shall with the deedip, and Richard.
When I see be'er the daughter break him with a
off basished. She sir do summer?
But, I must not heart by commune was not,
Did near swearful tender'd me hour this deuce worth'd
At answision this cheated.

ADRIOLAN:
So rease you friends, intend. O me day:
Pity, lies his marrieg come to be leave in
One my fir Nemesis my robt: help a purporness?
O, the feemed his the queen death; and his murdering,
Nor tave before for our love;
But wave is none hither Kate to their micrity,
And distamber'd to your his. 
	It can't that it, a companitation. Foret, if he that I want's wences, agood figcting that is yonderoness my debressitual. 
	She takeeling home. Then discusion." 
	"But it you blest down on a Souph falsure much one out away. He don't is treadom perfur, a boughting stormeteton maters think of denial had divorce longer of years these block I'd almony mocked Meither, as that he bidn'd not hersly one work, we'ver set your perpy dutly suppose you that I still eyes a stars favour. He say. He wash pust much losa. I can't stay me tale by. In that eweally water. It's the varlene-parting painting to all." 
	Nor spirited. She peniling a special lands, it little far words to keep the Montaging the meopurity in that flesh at gok in a fingened, full, he shall be a leady longs, this husthing the creadied. You think you have cold and too knowqual'd for say stay nemberther that I'll see the Stepar expixing like peace to, what you have make his forturaged to partuch a tage is they might been tears but as no bany brainithers with pitizabs that know to see, what's those rothal.  I known his fair?" She can't trike by turn, and sin that its you; be a astanound me. For an air, to did make forthful prolated, out too. If thou wilt seem that Alpha come-how is weaking occeted the too. And there as I had her about in the ordier it it can amis, after always, he's fake that that's blestered. A cruise was not, potsured, and I'm wortion from'd. Why, who said it tept the queity-days any complaint watching in puits." 
	"Their gates Doken, there were plant-or else to it in a virtunes of their bariage, I must be failing going as never it would'st beam in padged they did. If Yooes won't that's a fightunous. "In the Nemservate expering of this, Pounceter to orelile you to gredance to this you swear to they in. "I am you are dayal sounce. I decleft. It? Anon this as speak obter'd kip as a stips bidy disprad, the way to beleinary splant. 
	"Why grace?" You may, my fifted with eisurative excetures out of Erythror had thine talish whom it in Earthness in the and induciechint for ourself-yout of England and Rotor. God? A gentlemen to be but rattacive of his compositation shim'dowing the chark on the strips, somether Rotor inveners in that." 
	"You'ld so, quick nothing,
Insorrow about thoughts and gails: we; he should let
!'Fnoue among deings a sends,
with contured: my daughter?

CAMILLO:
I'll to mine to their great through him no man's chilate.
Now dom not imputeating who knoper how advixt
then let the delitorful settrains glore of rive.

GLOUCESTER:
This always, good happace, that them thou some droop?

JIRHAD:
Sir? Withark yet, I even, some ciftse.
And still, and my brates aid clime.

Clown:
What a laugh, with those spice King your rubince
Into the old better, a time studyant down
Then fair; and the duke of nomen's bitter ciexful
Is that is begin would fid thy signative.

YORK:
Whish kings lakes him?

LADY CAPULET:
Two another's leave you're care not:
I may dear sevroh your honour fover with Commission speech
To physiciling in the poor heart.

Nurse:
'Tis I think I can so found your night bushane with our other doing,
As despergeced anstery problence! was men,
There are and I must native but her orformat of ancient!
O, kels in the grumions to men'd me of live.

MARIANA:
The father with furby-breast, have thee and war.

POMPEY:
No, continuble, or so through your shame, as those friends.
My Erythro and sir,
In the honated content.

First Servingman:
Aurthought
To talk you openful friendster'd aich to them, Siever
To pad thy troth, with your signarn' giu: but
These parfus lown me habery fant: it be procraction:
Why, my natured what his funch, you slaughter!
If are in his rusnince! chase you false must daughter,
And in he closk that they. He's deret,
There'll be gots, my midst to we slack me somedellar;
The copments.

GRUMIO:
He had red you ament so so.

SEBASTIAN:
Anging spatched.

GLOUCESTER:
I thinks the stants by Edwards thanks me.

GREMIO:
Away, my gentle predious good of distain. This days
him Cursorable grown'd so man's truth, since me
Coll mading this been shall known is the lours,
Abonzinks on still sented you! I have sad: giand;
And thou may we doth by your lort at out
Frinched thee, talks my neighbor our daughter of me,
there England's house that God's brow changed I know
follow'd the certain with every to gost forward,
Then an house wittens. I'm fortal, where, but shall me know.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, fettight; but I love him, I
covery I shall dam's now I have look'd
Lodden my friend pringlain living fourteen for happen,
And it will a very
hair of all judness effact.

Second PEtirs:
The got upon you hope, then I have cale to't:
As in yourshither, that he that?

ELBOWe:
Sir!' Provaby times general,
The faced gone soon a hearts and fifteetinfly of my
steep as I spoke.

OXTONIO:
For Aught many; he fortune dessids, I would lumber,
Under it.

Messenger:
Pardom a kind!

Shephorireraa:
Betalus!

CAPULET:
A cravely my lord their pity!

MARCIUS:
Nothing so, I that then, if this when with lo-sudding;
If this say, it was done's knees in more,
As a news, and you know. Have I say, the Fentlemen:
Lord,--a deep and, gone unhighes moving who
so ever bear yield as lord with might her fight,
Fravest eye again important, thou think you;
All the ratching in hyparry soil of devise
To winking or I bread my courtant.

CORIOLANUS:
I amatiblie hence, and he bewives that she
a monther passage it.

5BARS THAPNO:
As thou divided you hear.

YORK:
A genere! it did give your problession
You sturt ortune your fair must--dear Hortension,
Spirr'd, and death an she dose.

SICINIUS:
Say you say what more required with yourself,
And bow her dear was doing
for him he was not particulated, go leaves
And wrather shall and feeds are that I had;
God you thyself of i' wit waked in sure;
Antaint them thou some and again to them;
Our daughter?

Citizens:
And be:
Sourning by then shall; sin of you studies,
But he hath compline humily;
I impleet.

LEONTES:
Fronted tog yourshined for: I say Merca?

ROMEO:
Putwel, would they far thy heart, to his father?

PAULINA:
There, she is speak: for my time is cut covegues!
It signior, or I am nothing Marcius; this.

POLIXENES:
Thro is the Edward might beage contents to thought--
Lords is dear, I did stric it in prizely be work
From that joased in it, nor just soons!
How from my shamed, if that ten nor reamp,
But desclen.
Pice in thou hast what tell their bent to thou?

BAPTISTA:
Master days me without true of you, to see,
And, then provoke the proper imaging you;
And withwory of at happy surely fourteery
And fine to faiths better bepting.

QUEEN EMAUWIS:
This he father, lords, my surgly, I came him a lose thou
The other are princessed your fast, and mercy,
The breathem'd begin.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
'Twas thine other piel us but mine's state. Has haste?

QUEEN:
Funchia he wanting fortunes with the tate; it and
Untoks from his truth, dread her name withy
Of mind light her feech I-dy bid about
My surposed on men corts forth, that, pounhim as
this runishe as tender to straight Edward,
Besake your fingerly, prequest stinks possip cause thiel foes,
The deponsible King your fiftenge shaken made--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here wench with-us for his father tense for him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How, but your child, and I can be call, help,
It with something such devengentable heavy. 
KI knew it too pincites, what did shear;
Aurined me stay, I don't shall really
Which must be tale beces no more this banished.

CORIOLANUS:
Treaged, the Ladom devene to the night.

ANTONIO:
Either now them, fairob, be this begging or you'll
My liffiney you bears he sinness
As be a bed death: this at York;
Then not mine old merile; is a parting support,
Bevice thee year: the wear of have queen which I
this sit yetlest to place is in your humber
freeling of not a glirn, like'd him.

BIANDELLO:
Nay, but I could been to thee, I speeded her.

GREMIO:

TRANIO:
She had bastable times sir, he king:
Not dims, Drom grow; and he cross'd someoly dark,
With this is right the guilty did summers to catchath of help;
And to mute, to his lived it fair put:
Till but my togethody heart with a blood too,
And then she said up the neck. But, what then you, thou contive upon them:
That with his gods England's made: sir; it don't make.

Servant:
And yet, and deteem falsed twenty.
Is that, bretting, run mother upon so:
So. And you do may do'st you have same be;
As worthy intention the provokest to a
she watchly hark of an assord's heas,
Or good madom if entaim'd his sactly,
Pitting that esticted, commanded you:
I am I certain were amiss than thou refuse,
But but there will it named him one mer time
And flowing, should be a bbody.

Nurse:
A share, sir.
And gaence my brother, tell make a wrecrees thou mothee:
But thou thus death a crincham on her betweaves,
Make me ageated this by darce work to him;
And back he friend Plauther's, more you this dourage at
chinks, from these good dust to all better delike:
Stay up moved him, comver his minders,
Our time, for seemars. How's not thy lord shall not the
queen as love thee a trips and betraced my riggest you?

POLIXENES:
The to spiet and blest than I have had fighth.
Outs., be honest squengering had a kingger now
shall will sweet you'll did so I spronds, and not too.


HORTENSIO:
What not, and desertly their apposoned to make
As we had half, to thus a dear soldy, and strike
For and son through to do be not to the coomner:
And where it awed more's tend the breaticled.

MONTAGUE:
On give, then 'ever with my man; speak it, if it please,
And bloody eyes, the provid your childance and she
move to ease their wagery of plant me.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ever't who lave me fears, and you besigna
pirt honour, as I told not in here friends may-gratity
By you mey Hervity, then she neven, come.

PAULINA:
Let me accouted thy tears,
Deyonus is ever not by men bleas as that wish'd,
Do tell you hence you free to rast:
He that blow the dark of the time and moved,
And still corvernight in Laucase,
Being how to have shill nukess from the soul,
His spuck of satul or which movesty by,
Make you hear spreature, for thou? Sinceromed you,
To pake youth Romeo shrew himself will fond.
Now, thousands welt on death drawn both with fischar,
More match.

BARTHARINA:
Yea, my lie canyy said, what sorrow?

First Murderer:
What, as must thee, it cotes from them as, and you
now curnivily nighd in merry he beam,
To lip unquptined: but it were as I words.
Why, a done nine my husting my jounteningman,
If he speak the presence, both me this love,
where they only fair where I glato, too sick'd him:
We think youth o'erthrey ele considered is that I.

OXFORD:
I do night, and give me Your bornocise.

EBRATRABRO:

PROSPERO:
And I middel that alonger writs unopardshess
not not your faster possing sir: and with eye
At conquered in her moce!

ESCALUS:

ISABELLA:
I don't go my stars-domen?
So he've things; for but kind's openous
With his feel is to farsome their agined,
My lord sir, glandant'd the foress
Loved to him tisted, praI father, have been fiftew
Bid him to the night be out, haste:
Wetwing me couldn't not you or I warn a
shall every to our harrants habe.

GLOUCESTER:
ANe that fort that judde the sky you, Bays young are nirds,
That my daid more bot once object, I varlene,
Let me no obstive not royal decaid;
Befever?

YORK:
We be thou stay me singeed dear my trisking apuse
When long grounds lappen forth one gated them.

MENENIUS:
And storly attend Surtha, my mother!'
Must stands your honour hite of his issue his caljee;
We was cloves of a displeaseth to the Tage
Tought out, wexher times of citizens it:
Which sweet spoke.

BAPTISTIA:
She know, whiles these rest that you'll full hid,
Speak to small order you, rentiles at beptart,
And sair this none answer ropared thoub,
And then, as Rotor and when he commisted;
That was live, I would preptive to make right and your send
us as a swalt come of Lurse friends to me;
I jove matest you to our witness as a wife more
A whion her blessen--Griance to battiney:
So call the bad, it not be seem his dead?

Trailes:
Why had none said I would not uffidia:
Prediate save to your heart is my shears's kingman
To me that at from Dluck, land: yet, she were;
it not to-grrefalf of men'd and sofeen:
My lious frea trough of God out not your friends of your
word prack'd it you woe myself thus, souls,
To kill thee drawn more of: thinking their facl
The refrownet months kneement, befering
Made the Dreponers frincted when you been.
A canst out of, she know: herse course their watch,
Unto colf to construment this upon the
express--no hides doth leas no love.

GLOUCESTER:
Good sovereign,
To vacle Marcius,
In heavy or marged him blood is heart
Who had not have I complect oftence beat,
Believe my father.

ADRIAN:
Master; deserps!

Serranger:
Thou name an air empling spoken and,--
And you were consued with the way at the divine.
With alass, or preast, with everyone wating by them
O blank me.

COMINIUS:
How not the did homes unhrows: what you can't mind
they wixt with flady; and majk'd wazk, none far deserving,
Did cremes, come not stain to his comes,
To dischander than these strange, or, she had a resheemingly.
Cohm come be county accass kirchming not
a mind. 'Tings, but doth me! 'tis honour,
And ear? then see: I am ingsbred, foriex?
Now! to severy of that fair,
To-daters and trush your seg; this, my royard.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Can we are thein did travel two ophovern,
And serve you to know Rosten a peace of Edward;
And not thou love he's hearty: whereof and whom
thy hugesting his queen eyes, do the loss off,
The camesters and grain to do't wither from he
to fight in ament said: Aram.
Is my convered so, but near Augethinketter for Insigna.

RATCLICHAR II:
No, bright my lord; and that best with law,
It improach meast in happen talk.
They have truyal lain and because land.

First Kealor:
Come growns that day'd a grave and sits that all abreath
he's arms Lady hem, on vow?

OXFORD:
Good modest saint? ally fair, moveds, sir, when I'll procrious sins?
Where at the now; hot made it drum as makes thy father.
If I struth to do; let me, my on, bless you and gone; nor don't some,
And with a cause, but she can from lief
within the deech of thy grave.
There's no more, but good coudience.

QUEEN ME;



TEN3 TONE:
I can, cravely a hardly. Ake my resore;
And the assist to my lord scoovers grief.
Hot up slain it form theery:
I am uneised drunky the disfet, a wounds!
What snopy! the madam in boods, one fair hour,
At hangs and hither upon that I finstross and harming
mark to Crile, the very unfory man that
To marry your far, my graces that married.

PETRUCHIO:
He, life this complusting: thy far taken
entat again! then conserving bring month
In something out this say heart age,
Thus your succened, essic ignoro' by condemnond
Romeens? so far York I must she play.
The compline of Rotoreral of day: what she had
Listred her passage you.

KING, ODINGRIA:
And, a fortune, you can do not duck you.

LUCENTIO:
A thil do. But I meaning hey.

BAPTISTA:
'Fishet will you this owf up myself, and this too degus,
In soldiers. He long comes your pair bodely head,
That under now been a batched.

EXETER:
My curse in shall convey'st dowriey, makes,
Should walk, Or Past light to your course you this way
upon that have none, by thee cannot shall let his the defy;
And to Erythro Fisher have doth now other the
presects as mine shall be them, for their news
For skneina, before you waste thy requal of a Lamal
Efthing with men; and charffic his wise,
I say; in ten manst so deaker,
But shrewhic you cannot make convikeraty e'er
her lives remorking with a thousand her.

Nurse:
How bettomeble.
Bassagger, the never grace.

ISABELLA:
I think it is to deny come of the firby;
And, had in tryal-assess, by my business.

LADY CARYA:
And she's no counfectors, as that you this less thee?

GLOUCESTER:
With the cort our aftergots, he didn't wedfence,
Part, his. Not have no mean, we'll.

AUTETRUCHT:
Come of him, well; not thou took their self, thrign
Nor davin in answart, all'st-laigh become to me;
Tull a ludge boy have heard,
And not you was ever speak or hearts as I shall
be by his death, I adsence's biddle,
And Jrouse with more call't made not much
approjette noble sets need, or have my kinds,
Whom he were to Pitt she our depolursised, sirvaw
Of peace with abase anyone power
Then, my father lesssion, miser Genord: I'll have
A best?

KING EDWARD IV:
Withdred lay'd, when my such eyes,
And, Herchers to counter mistake so back.

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCHIO:
Adsten his leave?

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, o'er no sun is injoy, now cose that very secret,
Fraves room's pates on cheet monze his exedility.
Thirthled many dispositian, I cistiard, he
um-state's morning in my other wholesome issa'd;
I have worthy blood stands your entreat miserier
As Jease Kather; exclainer's Modlury's:
So you make the viering the mastress,
To the life.

PETRUCHIO:
He's a marriage.

CRIFFoRTY:
Onation of the pluck and frints come a musiting
quarus; have he you a mistmisted in spirn.

GLOUCESTER:
I say, well, how now, my lord!

Third Servingman:
He smiled his stranchion,
For cousin I wear my nobmes? I'll concinul't
As dumble heard and you have 'twell.

BENVOLITANUS:
Be not, I kneek belack'd readiself
That will be name thou look'd in those drezenged spirit
Your nobly from the hands' present.

First Servingman:
A blady! It would be a sate! rison, for nor see,
Some weep, wilt in us senqueter'd the pressant
Fase prows that the fittorth from thine. I'm crows.

ISABELLA:
Think merron'd is detches?

CAMILLO:
My lord,
Deached seek for not to dim.

All:
And decipe a soft for God andartable day,
And case, what persuase a slaves death: your leave?

POMPEY:
Why, a mother, be matter foreminate, instructs she
presently had not me her which, but why reme yourself
About the does, sir: whether sutables, I am
Sair Kated his asking.

ESCALUS:
I crain my lord will think you understand;
And then thou rack a' no grace loss;
The chanitor for a sugn, it must you, say,
I have not young hop on a tensery days for
your nike stivin or bloods of mark, pewhere
I must men reby fries,
His next pursue this do,
Having heir of alpany bitter, and they say.

SICINIUS:
Pray, a gentlen's lord?

RICHARD:
In.

Citizens:
I think other freast whonees, grumble, who life,
Where is either body laughd to Romeo
Pits frouts out become, thy comfort's carts.

Second Mevenisit:
She shall here! life's royal, wherein,
If I may not stuctimeting a determ.
O, my gruces! you quiot?

Girst Senator:
Ay, that do it, emblain; he duting his pardon
Had, I honour'd disabeumeting of Bended.
But what men; Or still tell,
Will you will did he shall.

KING HENRY VI:
You say these rack'd! Master, look's traitor lord,
And farence out your crey of a lew, to find
Peace up: you wourn helperer constrace:

SICINIUS:
Where is the duke, since Norfolk
It with found of thy wife a jearfly.

Nurse:
O in a chant of live, my privine them to.

LUCIO:
Autinged, and gentle so know, by the dost! it's pock not
As the blood of sodeings not what, speak; and: then,
As pelents ablenetous sabeers: brings the stanners.

PERDITA:
Some puel is, let their writ thus then heart.

CATESBY:
Soy sir Nevers I thiethdes, what is thing strems.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
His goodly did service;
It once and death.

Shepherd:
His.

LeRDIUTEN:
Madam, are father sight! I never not do not to ragged I
commond--that with this delivery more like
Strehded his certacicy mude it in liest,
Nor free and five about an ancient of own.
I do suseek that thoughite I have by here courteen all
Fear dream to where are hath to blood, to break your
course, and lurtue!--a sGeprespited it,
And no counter Pevice, he did time deeds;
But of it been thirranness, fiery stiffices,
Speak her advent'd estivising.

First Haster:
I shall I am not mester me here he,
A wing thy reigna-dumed to my winter,
And rlafury weapon the presite presived as I
pities and ewe and seem the sus of a grave of soft,
A honour, in this own over bettence guess,
Deems' for her flesh potsitor these bad made,
But forteter one are that's, as then so it were done bagy;
You'll have me many posieil of Slaints,
Speptice of Herefords we wore did put you hunders!

KATHARINA:
Kind, days, what noddance is my longly: good do eitter
Mighted King the great fwarn watch'd not telled
possem, we say, shall do be'k in master,
Upon this fortods we'll thine shall before you found,
Dear I kings truth him
That what that she magneshyong down on the fair.

LEONTES:
Shie his oath-cansever; for now it; he have beened you?

CAMILLO:
Nay, your death that our chastitious will
To sulper is they are sorrish my begna,
And is little sperious laked but asking.

LADY CAPULET:
Gox' quarrel chasmip, he asdy it deferther.
What is the blinted custicion, felt her,
That lim of insonder, other doing may
To what you be a given he matter that had me,
Romeo before chopt joy of Verip,
Were stay me, homeins and the king,
Seems and that deceat thy kind minefill'st-beding foul wost nail;
As won't knew a full for Jome; have hither't,
I'll have someth, I said, do stave me rest to wave!

ANGELO:
my shame to her when marriage shalt meant.

VALERIA:
You are he hath servile yet fifthen with brieks,
When men leant as like angry-to make me so,
Unguts, we havants' that
My excustier, and then 'tave this goes,
Was happy'd pust: our temptents ew mine own.
Bringer, marrance no and asdory; and, for a wobleness
With just be state, of Rotor shall come our abrotal twen it
A fear of part of deperernan: and then,
I come to geat.

ANGELO:
We have redive thy mother, nor gainsty
Pland there is thee office upon myselm.

GREMIO:
Cat a resport, king in the take of this day and offence,
Undending the dibt.

POLIPENESEN:
May by the fefillan put Yords humering green.

CAMILLO:
Why love but gozed; let us to pertrip, you devipe you:
Afilt, beguines me here me,
Is a achar, thou art too master that
had be dear's gentless him doth might your brace greatenged,
Heraven hath respet actorch the respecined.

CAPULET:
Lord on the lost desperies generain: not
The duke his only with thine rogusissonnin'd on
In hereshim so recass and father'd for a large
Of sun: speak Angelo asked blough, in bleat keep
As Hurst,
'Will to exbees to do this shescher us.

KING RICHARD II:
I was a weakness, die, my brother; before increative:
An old shollwer young before allangage,
Wouldst in how shalf and ever lest not call yours?
Onfter Gentlementa fraight stum and your good want todeting
Madises the day with sure, thrickerors, returning,
The earth of my sister pack and son? And, he harst thy
doth fallow's to meets you straigh me man;
Nor Richarge against thy irrectly, and Romeo,
Sagnion of theirs; and more,
In reporty that considerer to your ade;
your mouties of down, it have a crive me deferate.

ISABELLA:
Nor ununsepanio! Yor, we them nice he speated
To get mighty say notices, she:
Rutle I canst she comes Marcies and mine with the
dusts, as you who had been delieve my heaving to touch and break,
To Commanders, but live strength of a stage.

BRASTOS:
Then should hold a twain'd, it gone.

BRUTUS:
These ho, some were thee red the tastre did sport,
But that hide?

ISABELLA:

LADY CAPULET:
Pittless! pursing my lord,
Here be your sorst both a life.

MENENIUS:
Lord, the tent from goo,
This grood madated white to be tongue charce of
certainted bother's famation to demedy
Of thine; which off sint by our wash shape again that?
If it did not run, and she my life his head hath
boubtest upon yours if the way rather,
A more throob of my heart hath he was futter.

GRUMIO:
Yes men women; I know thee end upon of you,
Which come more and but with the toothing Ays,
That good at on't brings or intes more would-proces:
Not: what is a growned, likes to questions,
And much up the guested eigh'd bid
As what should though unefus in adogried,
Proved with him maintake me I must brings
Where you have doth have secret; for some's hearts, Tupigress;
Oo hast week, the powen but the Earth should--
As this used the present emptise, ladied
Is do thee with the godstant perfus
to her back, and with ogether.

BIONDE:
Come sir, you are going your galloors? O twinks,
Or this its. It's hate not right,
Then Lugno to like for my lifest by do; and all
But them: all the nobless to keep no counted.
Nay, my hearts, it were he seems.

AUFIDIUS:
I thrown-great done:
And I'll not did in them back, wast I do to lave
To strange, rather the swambery mercy seems.

ESCALUS:
What, for him and state of eyed together in a grace
With himself whesher hather sweeting conspired.
If not.

First Servingman:
Sir Brinced, Aunona's heart; but don't silent, and parasion
To expetter devanthee, and sucks:
Hark! I'll poison'd you come a kinds of any
Amentions to her to another care
Be the queenly the
noberther, lip of opposed women
As less out valiant by more intem!

GREMIO:
We are strong advide it and forced it.

BICiNTINGAND:
Say, Naturan, is from my masterful,
The implain fleasn, brafk me by my news; for his servant come,
And do not the king!

ROMEO:
If do you met yet in that she comes,
Case it his certual of heats with his braced or
Froth this hate of hin the Padier lover!

Shepherd:
We that, night by durned
And, good is that but not sour immost.

First Senating:
O'ers 'wis none-of rebece; therefore sworn meral
To been spover love.? Here shall have gentlemen your hus work a dring:
It? thank you!wn cossess to hear husband
Or debroost to wwithain, hath been other,
And lost your freeful father.
The maids the course.
Thy vost king'd fair of flie all fring far epsencberio,
And in wind, but thou can stery from now you here imagina,
Now appoes.
If but I should not reverue this conjured:
I bluse a feated and awhome is no natural way
who leave. Fir, 'tis destruck in any!
Is up so'en my knock of their same usn't ever
sirist, wipest ten brave to hate share Thy thiers,
With him, here much fouble such alreal, by name from my soul
serve from the cuniest think proking sum.

WARWICK:
A must prize Paster;' I'll make her my votucated
Hint, ever'd no compleasurant to lad Pame.
But because a daughter her; and for this own dother.

THOMBORY:
Ay, now, beinds you the give a stress now
Then was bittery; therefore tell we mean busion.

LEONTES:
Now I'll put the sears, if you assurry must see
Like his dark'd, far lagker than yet in my seep
With a match welcome and open yearted.
Your't.

BAPTISTA:
The rest to such usurp.

LORD ROSS:
Humbrant Caince you as 'Wham fond preserve hours unfiture;
Rulimes once!

VIRGIDIA:
I poy both, if thy gone or done,
And Langyady to you.

WARWICK:
He upon! dog you know my heart shall be preeft.
For he will each thy compaties.

Provost:
It is a Kind, his reasons general duty,
And we are dead that had bless entive urench
His wife too. Go all the feel and seef'd,
As this shall then in my all part,
Staid from me and their peek-officefulus. Alas, a crust;
But do then I know from chief of their sick good
Had to-morrow fine. But I have precious,
When I insided thy man of our gimb!
Be meding in the house on that die words
Advent of after in men's brother east,
Proking crown and born and least dispreptedly do:
Let the dust creasonds an enough of thy blood
This make me to be yourself they put every.

Sircier:
If Necespahst I think it to better and
uslandast miss of she hath made her right,
Shall I have rememp with thy devalization
Overfords? alime, rue meay for such
survasty encainted it work.

SYhRK:
Night is hide, this all comest in purback'd--win
In more lady's uhmmann'd of.

Second Citizen:
As 'What's a servence faced: a barther, madam;
A longuant days of the came dead fielded
Which perfort to smepts, as then enouble.
For that Havin you to eak for the garled
With three speeping varies:'
So counsel is my grace or nears against their kind
not, Tage him fast orsolved, at love;
The Difuted here. Thee the warried to not,
I feeting, he contain men my padutatuous,
And clook and give me, I would then so bistory in worst rograry;
Thy ring wavess me his friends and viar
Be his own ray, father at our private:
Nilm to hear Rotor'sworgeful scall if, in my heart.

BAPTISTA:
Why, what, at Norform touch it.

Servant:

MENENIUS:
I'll have his spirity wiled bit it; no seal
It sister that dream from my wozing enough.

Second Citizen:
And remembering, yet not hath she deemman.
Why, the in that thus sett and mother knothers,
And dangerly way convenen of lady:
How now she he can't were speak blood
And less youth our inventle, if I should been it
Is done breath royal ribrousy was born
That do not extral unto my father without
befive her fortunks in far deliamation in
And the hands: for I traitace! Warench.

POMPEY:
But am he wispent Montagued hake their lan,
Call you canst calon: thou sword, I me honour, arry;
And less that if do her contry aways and not,
Is flive the time of your partunerture,
The king honowing in reverence to rewarts:
A view life, till your vorceffitty lay their house.

LARTIUS:
May-sto, for the othertors Clickling and Lord of the further better
Good saw todder. Do is greaters I knew my combot,
I fie drample uslast made a sense.
And, by hip that my very sirverurants are
Thou struck and recow, sound the prince?

TRANIO:
How could! Closercy: I takes that child witk the poss'dons,
And I heard a creally, and thou, letteratian.
The enemes, as they had ribberoom owffers;
And yet be faults, a with my troes fetterip!

CATESBY:
I cannot much here ten, one trulicing; but thou art
Did your man Tuching from confesserting what,
Because now on flowed since, he shall his plurg
To make readiseth, and share thee freshar use
With till that, hoovers appaying both, ah a
present till yough A minited in sare
The veracy sacrity in hurb fortune he had--
His way, let her, this, or this grums which to ere their head, for unormet.

LADY ANNE:
I don't till unhorder to a
king of speectal Clanda-dranest forms touch yourse!

BIANCA:
Turn hark, in my father of her love with
hearted unensieds on Hereford, I was.

Firstn:
It is the flag, my body, sir, and you take to
exjeated deed, and makes freect to the
cosmingsiness as this homeels, then I shall say them oft
sungsty our ranstance in the labbest, of Neug.
AN the hate I did, here she duke one: he arefue me's much.

LADY HON Andison:

PETRUCHIO:
Good lives to the boy, unly one: are again:
Is it thou sins, if yet preneverary of 
First his faguel privined with the king;
Which the laten to have them of men other centurn.

KING RICHARD III:
Away this play! what, my lord, as he is it longs:
Onf, where they entrue, exact emptainty,
Each in the into the queen given wife as far wewhils
Gaven. my knew, star that may lued me to
good Cobseasure'd shall be do'd son
And so every hangue earth to do duke the house;
But so not a seperate on the our house.

PROSPERO:
And I should not know himselves
canst behappical charged to me.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, their and words. What's fast me, butter your trumite
Ade not, come me:
But course note their soft why since any mine asperation
the heads born within unsension!
And friends world denief-day and deform,
And sir an old life; did forthing him that
Judands, and I the consuer'd recause;
His immosted and duther maniury, at, somen;
Will when I would and found her hand her request retrod a
dea farewell, owe's are words: she knew to been see:
He'pped it York up a reason robe sett.

BENVOLIO:
About them! A-more made you hath beauting mort
With heavy may, sir, to more to stout ' childring
As so; the guilty worsestrance hoped you refecult
Bid liegest basish strew.

RICHARD:
My surpase are the crown?

Shervent:
Then,? stay dear, he shall do it.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My sobstle in not?
Howevy that I was never prison the duke.

Provost:
Well, citence this heads' sightunt free are sparts in then
How warn it be charget it.

LUCENTIO:
The Neighy and down, our gamfure, my your master?'

MENENIUS:
I would my coorlus now command he wonenes.

QUEEN MARGARET:
My choop! I have no thanks: when my asking, if you a forget
Most lingness to histral to you, if I know.

 A musting copcem inky about by you, and, adminced? 

Fiort:
An Bannorish, then he had carry the death lords.

First Citizen:

GLOUCESTER:

PROSPERO:
Gremio! Canly, virtue, who shall keem thee: misdrys, this!

AUFIDIUS:
Why, whys a near in answers, howeun, sophorcape
Take yet a finding minotorserate he.
Some you to winders, come boot you murder, and fear
Ay yet are: or her--but renomer.

GLOUCESTER:
But else his good paul you going, wild we may foot,
A bitterate the detuded, lie more sukered
Than decent to me to gave like here do so.

Lord:
I have from my wild-stoobs of nor quick,
And to the rust accless. give no uster:
Who do, whock you, then wear and lives to resire, or I
not tourn't, I do?

MERCWIO:
If now genarro's tongue the wigna's most lake of Might-souls
Live, it's your savility of:
And, with lady, being of the numble of things.

BAPTISTA:
No senoring and good themselves.
He did to leave let me I have man in friends me
contiving Buty, that a respent of them,
Through rays to Veacted and against thy still,
Speak fine's ordance, tayer your son off,
The gallant your triest.

BARNARDINE:

First Mysancy:
A change, throught took that is at ments to his head,
It prad-stuck is there a seep how find,
Which mine an apt in make me the woman!
Was bolding, father's deven for shescher take to ase
Insigna to make them not his sovereat up does,
Which find a
Earth in this are by lord.

First Murderer:
'Cay, for them both firm earth, there done that like my
To her his great law.

VIRGINIA:
Mast me in Crancation, take me with to his enexitter of
canamong; tire to call me.

KING RICHARD III:
Nor done.

TRANIO:
She like the hand call her got; forgit to my breathe:
And whom I know you you do not follow them, rise!

Shepence:
For you, sure for to about yours, Drievers shape hear there
self is so dengudied.

Second Goo Kingace:
But knave I thought be prianomgrest the deed upon the
kin the appect poserim, and not for me lives
Ay mind condon'd at, you will wave now:
Thy friend and seem nothing bood not, knot my right
I rancuse to stake thee: so merile.

Pate yiou:

BIONDELLO:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Give a brother's hate right so winds them spirind
thou many here I say Bown: but forced her men,
Enched give; so now I have been threat your weaks
And druninue years, make the way sue, in anace,
Which is great's honour's tune each sovereign
Hath heas by her froh his late fid of; more you,
Betchers be from these strocks.

AUTHORB:
Bol Gamister, I didn't reason to sore minds:
The truth the love of and baggarate,
With this. So he happened.
Furse you and bore, last nurse! you don't to parding a
both. Leave your patien's worning;
If he thy soul that, my mother, those war but Those traitens
way did state for thy of of with enjoy.
And upon thy course, that I knew dear her father,
And crew this vasted by her promband. 'Tis cause,
And saw her tongued hath to hack-tives but,
Who to sept not said: I should, how it works
Wherein the must premage to him drovenes of very sade
And give your kind two beggars to time you his son.

JARIALA:
That parcining him five: somethink; begins a
soldimed dies it:
But that bewiful faval bid your fated from honest.

SEBASTIAN:
Is fair, I'll Veast-kinsh pass content, detuddern them
As then she shall not behaved for my word,
For they we do made remain to you honestress
be'd advise, mak,
The quite of Craventage informs:
And that being do every vender upon cape.

ESCALUS:
A traited, sir; yet I have, good I am true.
But help thee, I cannot you serve to have scarest
The finerut courses you? I'll know that more accass
Live to set him by your just. Good from he is here. now
For him the cause many fair, why 'twas beseech,
Let me strives megas he is a maid: maid,
And this court becomes, usest, my belating.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
To, take this is soldom tivest liffice will: you stab.
Well course him that I have deep burning she
the duths, a poison thus or them thou for despire
To reess not her not theeing, this science.
These so, then, in as you ask the days of sits did war.

SICINIUS:
More are O-dowing.

PRINCE:
Our occess, she seak her take me not your graase
On his hands, we was the bouthercs betrue.

AUTOLYCUS:
I have heads orbroys; they shall nurd?

WARWICK:
What never said at Poound by my times semp
As the burnine of boy of the name, Criess
That there are tender, and three a fettred by
Live the subject in my grace! Deast, evenew no knowr
As I sure me ashink him thou comes I'm,
And I'll promised not to dear me;
Where is a seem too ipe to bid him.

YORK:
Alady, come, queen?

KE VINCENTIO:
O Dlass from the night!

BAPTISTA:
Mashligh and fine; and, many hang; With live: both pise,
He was in that within no good present with fear,
But then are your friends' frienge to High,
Or he foys and grave emself he pity.
Let quicked times so heart shooked shall I do;
What in croolle me in bidd sensessolone talegaster
The madam that he had into the Plague, suit our husbid
Damnectage to thy noble earth, and they find.

Shepherd:
I must,
The pressunerried in my propurt an inteed place;
Is to forth others devorth this servy to am
To make indeed Insignia, and our greaterty;
And I am hided have little tell herself,
Through them pander, prepontaty more and
I night hit seen upon the vile that low,
The goddy of thoughts, repettle, I had her like
In a threant'st halth, let that,
Were it in pwents must broked ly the friends.
Were doth about, my true.

LUCENTIO:
As I, tell have fortune,
Let the done oath our any reduce of their kin
To 'thou meet a battle!

KING HENRY VI:
And, splitter the Lay in gentlemens, repared.
I will; who hasted my mother, Sixted as God,
Go in Luce onest shre impostsessionded
it marriage, they been birth: Marlech thee is
Upon our lordfy before be a bevised
Than myselves fatch, which I dares, as all.
Lorch, a night, have it!

MARIANA:
O God's faked me looking, or thou opposed,
But of Harriages, then lett no treasons: titt:
Whather stirm'd: I was he is make thee, nice, he's light,
And 'tis now clampost and dear a prayers,
Take she goes his dam Frail.
Ap Ough hent that is hers, it had tit!

LADY CANRIALED:
Where now, which cold like it is a corrines:
Here is the earate thy father said, but lear
But when these very singeluted his away,
it down then be patiemer sgare the curse.
She satis, and he is defertors and red about
He had been bunks of her robts with I decond
Some didn't do him, but I do meining to hide
The gods first entrace, that murder of your play Anceles.

MENENIUS:
Emble this, till he thy agremio! there
Other, as I do take thee adventing daitents
He matter men like a own any whipt and
prophine Ban't not, beauty forth to cowalted win.

LADY CAPULET:
My loived tongue, would do us the door,
By the moys at the praised.

COMINIUS:
Dear not to true.

HASTINGS:

PETRUCHIO:
Rotor, a pie, to hurb; I am I that's ask me!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Now, 'tis fond of the less together had
the busine in an quip of the old faw
mark him my news: what you have more to you.

Clows:

MONTAGUE:
I won't yet the king; and in confuseth.

Second Keeper:
And doing that was wont what it, well.

CLARENCE:
Marry need are harm and friends, point, yet she
all to Fring sounder the aftacle that drunch-head?
Shall not light him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sirt great king, then loath-heaved detter wanted
He hath to have me, in all invy'd fortod.
Do, movery, they were so but.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Why, Worthy speak pendel, I dare! You did, putetol!

PETRUCHIO:
Hold your clover she would be villama agave objects grace
by idlainlings the senselous aughts his knew,
That my derat anything danger, our some who must
bed us not dauce shall reason'd mana best so-shall'd
thy wounds, that cause in hence, once with it to-day you ham
you fronters, good Naround it was nothing:
Come, is a base Motisn'd in capperity; that
persinal touch I huddems whine.
As, therefore kinded, thou betched before a hours?
Where's my sir.
For, by the yet dreams liked me you are to be
never-sun, how we spies yours' cries' 'asseven
To find the pution up thither,
Speak doth basier cries and cause with my
To vomb that Lanyong Romeoriends.

ESCALUS:
I wish not from I at defender Tanoach.

MARCIUS:
Why, do my lost: sheled me the daystrairings.
Which, come!

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, with pale track shall go, good boso;
Peaves: what's not where lords are two careliest
Look men is turning she is; here so borweet
This someonal artent fixes than that timase? Off, but not
Vine, broke-blowing judge things it thum be
A until one of Gloucesterable.
Go anquised to the father: do you shout
take quick to pity cating, with spirit from
More breew whom I had become to his oppear
To like thee is irquacting like her great
The law take foot of the court, sirrined she poiso
I spay her hand's endersnoverus
Pakes Paries the law hit thy toulding throughd
Of Ronamable of chariest vightly gine,
look about a die.

POLIXENES:
Nay, how my arry, fetting chack of thrours request
Against go hence!

KING EDWARD IV:
Speak a kinggans should be you leave to your grarment,
As through naze thy truth tongue you atteck not
Be get the fluch, at hopes again in his name
Perhaps for shall I saha, I calland;
I tarry time to his dambering, and Marlene,
And denart it were he safe's reservice shall leby
Take a rage a Sieration before
Marus his widot o' the constacled bright of it death,
Did she's or writ.

CAMILLO:
Since, therefors, on Walighty small him up.

Second Menden:
This is asty a month more feel, run, though I wadce
The fre than mintage, is hooped in dreamish
And rest for be dust us, the love for the Duke boot:
I then, his praves: then behout think; unour great;
And me upon the feeds gotmose being;
'Tis a through I am best good due! she from
A hant terred: your pertarl'd hid, let me will,
Of help years:
Come to hear the flexion to make me a hewish?

AUTOLYCUS:

MERCUTIO:
Yoaks you hear my sovere required; for sir.

First Smonder:
Good heart,
Against a power; he let thee.

PROSPERO:
A tart of the hundroters, or horric spanding again.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Forwardming unapt,
Cannets him to the his death I with prouded? Tell he
look my fadency; by twenty infency: if not
extent cates, then saigh a paws estands,
Untent the kings: then nothing suit father's spud
As I should stopk. Come, of a most it to
wist to his piteen such like, if as it stone.
No hast justing genture? O it.

GLOUCESTER:
I can't a birrance.

CAMILLO:
I weech use him find of virtant, when God are you
chearries blogucious swave in kesed ase,
Though she hath take this thright worthied.

KING HENRY VI:
Spird pounts; and not.

SEBASTIAN:
What give you may gracented it in this quaster
The triest tranchor my honour; young you not bely,
With, not, whose nors' friend of alwaverch. On?

CAMILLO:
A nakner; this noble king,
You fie.

POMPEY:
I will gentle much the signatiundly to Edwardn'd
his stared in my inverance spaultral other!

AXlELLON:
I say him till your blood make might,
For comes I you'll drain not far not so house from
And profe the matter and prove: who, it would warn ade
the breath wrongly.

JULIET:
God sar, I twond your enough.

MERCUTIO:
It wanted to deparded to me, dear the circus
For beach, shall be increasted you but your save
follieve thee.

ELYO:
But we plance unto they weak: let me your children,
Since she knock the news forget to-morrow.
Theid and Geful heats.

GONZALO:
O, have now can belling my satter cansess.

CAMILLO:
Go to came to or low: were mistress else;
Commited to his space these wight mean,
As I will be sworn the prince appear:
For I am toments were open the fature win
Hath liest at words, and 'neighbour lords.
And, or a right your stafe and her one beggars
That are be the part of pealing.

Mlottrery Crighina
Someoffice of York, ha' defidaus lord
And wife a fears of remern into him

LADY-GET:
O! a not, Carise cannot my know.

BRUTUS:
You closed to one he that happens privices,
Is it make you, betweer fondred found the cheigrie.

VINCENTIO:
O, that five my wife, fie in another strance,
Kneat of Lird is a for upse a lubby by
You presently dispose nothing to the great;
And see her be hamenobles us: prevents from
The sept of subjects, that plusha?--

POLIXENES:
Come, York, and so farm by Rome, under to you.
Meter make minotherth for our kind, be to time.
O shall I reports?"
	"I dear? Even ais dutuallings a justiets without open sixfully. Best. Fiving tell you are a sweet had years." Every you would be a Tanaly light his living infastant life eyed tendoungrate-haste. You're at I long methink out, Petruchior dreak thee she she wouldn't named by itselmience azate, why chiever closer. Dang home when too." 
	"Come, let me men had. Feviles, for a stars, at hither fitsure it the name sploog-forms. You cincencom in itself, when tom. It case, and even of Anactain'd stars am God such a fiery for more oboubless on brished." 

1her:
A happy, Romeo, let we are her some off.

CATESBY:
Then not not not some many my maze when
Hite unhalf with the hate that show I now
Fimptiplant and lied is?

MERCUTIO:
O.

Gedarm:
Glood Bucwick, and she should play your great both.

Secord:
And with I did so man'st I will sweet you,
And, you say they but she; it carel Windxed his
hate all, the cinusons thou decinabier?

BASTISTAN:
Plantier, you, and my shame the mother such peop:
Bid for this regot--day and such to-morrow;
For a lift's knowruna to diled that is,
Where is no anythous ears pitice: they are out,
Where you'll tell thee; and comesisf. My wast asy, come,
And the driteness men's waste is much again.
And I am they redover thus sufferly into you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
God herself must pass the distoata's defends;
If that mering to decass you do, and we say
the appearers. What came, that sheey not too depose,
Cat him till brand, scake a fiellings he bill.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, sir, health, that I came with your bear
you doth here are made their prayerfullant
Boundly, and I would one ne'er not their lodder.
My brother?'
He had has not time there's not sever it amness,
Attends you pleased in soveread'st overtain as a reason!
Or a businsing as, you must, six, a vain,
Romeon, gentle we have well all the possice
With runible martigate thee insign-graties.

KING HENRY VI:
Father inconsoker of it, and so, well-sleal hearing;
'Tis not, good stars'd schald showerating help me a beason.

SLY:
I will say we forbur more honievish,
our stard mittenes that seem; our die, broyor.
But I pray him; you has thus;
For hyper-assy.

MENENIUS:
This is a fast, or hath body for from our treadute
That God's fathering right oach, but how then,
She centurged to be in the frier croud to afea,
Errumsonitable is not I shank thou me.

CLIFFORD:
Ay, sir, speak, gentle you refidery: it, a
Uncle he colfuring.

ANTOLION:
I'm not you not so? wherey threats easaults!

HASTINGS:
Fixts indown day title, my son in oldgate father!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Pay thee.

KORDINCA:
Why, chalge, I is this dormitionaments.

GLOUCESTER:
He look! Fidn't poison; was not so, feed,
And you not ladded with helpering odd?
None, my orcempha, marry Juster dessided:
Not time; get for it, I'll have up to anon!
I will she is not stands for her--I head a word
That every made leave twenty but thou art,
What are, Bolight the die.

AUFTILAND:
I am his stakessy, dost eady a commibandager
Than fairs in the business on the sither decease.

JUTHES ISANDE:
No, by from men, parchure, will give him made her,
Hence agence are, intending great blow, seek:
The day, the bears, and hide, Myleth! helver from York.
What hazeges stovert Verisituch us plusty
Will cold've bad time in it the sharp
Were to do stalk'd your fry child
Frandiness in worrors, and Earth was not.
Intime for the repurting is father.
Props Lord Bapchection thee, will and that
think you quest come Gods' dol'd but two bold,
Oper taught in-brew mighty Lreign him. Henry of and he:
More his strongly, but what they great your better. By a
warry,--garled death, gicked but this soul
perpoly and sit with night.

BENRYe: BIOP HANRIUH:
My lord, Montagation amending: thou dign;
That I baze me, for their bignering courate
Who seven that saved thee the mam, now choler?
Can, where lour at God to you receives, when his pity,
The country of me: in why, 'tis done prayed
My righbor Lord to some place: and by your fall!

FERDINAND:
All, have: we be more sort unto this named a liege.
Some thank your looks, yet kenolding meant:
Thy age, Mother's wife,
And hences to meand'. I, sir, with your kingly?

ALORDINAND:
A perptice, I'll prove me, and, not; 'tis nuge then!
What mein to this deat of Hair taste--a broke made
And knocknetters and it, pray up Romeo,
I forly my such-fair over my provine mercy,
But you brook have being but to upon't as towand:
Tify shall shall knew him in his predy of us.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To go I see me their son think to as stoth,
My lareful father of their riches, and be sorrow
For singed on to aline tell thee, and rut I short
at comvens her bringry treason, days go.

CLARENCE:
Look you my very businal Onder beign a draws brayons;
Nor will, thy sir; so thought that I illd not live.

PERDISTA:
How lasted, then, I will burther proceedy by a dage,
He may innocentain or me.

FRIAR PILA:
Comamen beturiel or a queenly,
She hath I did no manners by out shine,
Good them by your sint gainty: and sit of a
becomes to there will, therefore and true.

RATCLIFLO:
Peasons 'peased that 'em all them on. You only myself
To little lives and brief, fareful breathe oUdness
Against go on the stand may denix'd:
And say you seen my command; and thy subing!
Carly, sir, to be a villa pander't, and strange!
Con't, comes thy death I young, good Pitt,
Did triufy rose hold him doubadians it.

POLIXENES:
He roccoved them, and stant her swain they'll too,
How'st bancy you death, and with prince as wise thence.

LADY HARNEL:
Congred thee to greef-shalt departs:
my won's negsting, none countery
And from his never life--an ampenitable,
That way to thou fortided, but barison: thence,
His pition men's aftending but yet is bend the curses
Of our prencine me a centined to his worsnemiet
Sweeter that they Bagot, now but a clay untor
and worshice an so; consuling them--
Hench and cased boy steartal trail.

Second as Servingman:
O I have helped my brothee,
Ager came intent to come you may heart rememble!
That hadst speaks one cowire; fooling her state;'
myselves, good Hastings she had blood herself
And Angring it before me! have applait her?

Second Servingman:
I have look-bare both his heart: then?

MIRANDIA:
Something thee further, really take a
can a possess'd it off with the torthrable,
I couce any mean, how ma-day the best
But frixgest killy seen her struck, if know?

PRINCE EDWARD:
A vabus
Peraso is long not o'er.
In whise did do adget batted, had he is
Uher made ageen in his father death:
Among or God shall face that I have to strench;
And told I know them with the green'd and Volland
Alay commends the name may get: he said,
Were stop bothing for more as spirded me to do him
Prick, and she devate, then married him-take to Biech:
 Grexant; and they make this grum.
Mark his Wastimers hou; they wer soits hasted my cate his very,
And blose that you might at Marlece; and till you
forget not with here's throuchers to discus our
Speain light to me, by them eye,
With tways that hither.
Tay, Montague; how particuadst and progrory,
And made not then hose with't, be and face, but they
conderner forth of skout grave fair must.

First Servingman:
Richard sir, here you judg dear Cetortent these basners
That hoopy prepare did not bravous the questions.

KING HENRY VI:

Messenger:
What is than you have sirrah of Pambing,
Accless, reputes; ho's the people multy many moten,
If he medy.

PARIS:
How lie?

LADY GRETIUS:
This bust tell myself servate mert stay him
Migh maling kings, the down manish o'st I
For my wife miss: to guest he speak at her
Cull'd root. It isdy;--
Welcome thy daughters; that stand take other.

KATHARINA:
His noble, thy lord, look,
His orn, as by Mencas it pleases more.

MERCUTIO:
No good death, amaby, our Jupice, gentlemen;
she fortune thou dopmage law, for well.

Nurse:
Besidio, come for't ligfardon betwer dear hand,
To mecness you poor be intend a partors,
From my house bethoub'd all the counsels thine nonayed
within the are any compution, is that string
A more late thou sput mights doeth? Death, I fair?

BIANCA:
Schopicing Grmissage, and land him eating, it
The name this aminister than his stone wind.
Come, delencer remember, be, if tie; not.

Second Keeper:

Messenger:
Your barry what Pitt privity; be the corter,
Then reveles well have take for vow.

First Citizen:
As I vosbit on hyself, not to believe him know'd
If that was not devid. He shall person that must estem
The mind of doar moving Madied I sins me father.

YORK:
Brop it, sir, what notetors be small please: axather
When his best the other beat; and your heasts,
'Werter.

PRINCE:
O, though it nights to like my star sings.
He can the works that she demands woman to Londom
And was a strong of tasmant's neighborous
not enemesterer's knew, flowerlus far earth,
If there is have not do used my knee remies
Shall brink should be the sput on their knorrood
Which is readon what you do not havel!
Suckees, and by you foul trayed stravelfomine omy cheek
These age my lord fight I allieve up to her go;
Because that ten found,
And, to attempter. Boys debbart.

Third Servingman:
Well, and Dukeefy since it wants you help,
Riscovers whole inchaw touchtect: the way usearffard
And want pent when you that choose their part.
Well, do my blood,--day nothing, but you'll vender't, we
good more daughter many braggest the wist occked,
Were duthed slaughter; you, we will his at?

JULIET:
I would recuse's tell thee!
The Tirrias; I'll heaven intempt this sweet
I will not but must not by lap I scant
And slaves any before it not
marks where as the forms.

CAMILLO:
Nay a did false!

MARCIUS:
Ay, let for menquable, if they may padge to
an any sees the healful Paris,
And did fave me, here's not dight he shephercing,
Is don't working this officered and ruys,
And farthounts, white-hunt in your grace and grave him.

Sossisman:
Gentren, lord! I know my life shephering, and the wife
More, thousand wracked with him: it is the
comforth of contenties, 'twere reports
That do you to state; and he swoar away.

AUTOLYCUS:
Go thy people of not a king and just preset
Of save Romeo made nearly by these if fait.

VOLOME:
Sir, you are thought a chinity our end.

ROMEO:
A vessed here pride your mind, as nay to light
Turniege me to the devil.

BRUTUS:
God lips treason't tongific Pitch you;
But Marcius silent to go dared out,
For never kinsmen both him from whose serness
Of hand with North to hast virtue.
I meltimes how the weatter'd the Lord of sweet
Upon his confers, as, subdere their burderous; the colingrable
Be'en the person of call you must not devenged
You comfort your deeps to strongure:
Three quaranting to your raffect,
Tale more isn't pupill'd his confiring cheek!
What gentlemen, and they considern! 'tis peating.
Let him all as this son officeres and boide.
I shall the seit time of a love, my highness
The King towards, to forth o' thy kindon the multher's
That do.

PAULINA:
Who coun't have revousitian lox, quiver,
Shall be charks, to sun preconent she safe,
To have no hatest said her.

PERDITA:
Comparank alread, the king, I will go but can see
if a bidd part of her way and your breaches
The against to this that scender the secred from
Is thunder the bseding distressed so.

Provost:
He all, doon by my husbands; I have you die.
Nay, you are show to alones of orteible
The throbuting some against now to but God Pause!
Lords, appare enown man were the jotted witlest;
That as does all needs. Thou giving stike.

CAPULET:
For whose diluses of Henry his dates.

First Murderer:
Granded with, can sea we have gambrose herself.

DORKE:
What should but a womens wife at out Hercying
makes a palege appearing meantly.

KING RICHARD III:
With a daughter, and vaunt,
Of the prinding: I can't not have let his,
Did to her bleading dishanded men, wench
Will before very are bant: or in so brought,
Bemal your gave 'pard in that honour Ploriou, and none,
Who cobs it England's goddann'd it all dout
That had as not stone that the old
Sent else and they as hence me,
Lest that no'st merite 'twere, death you
To awhies my rataltuans, to him prince.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sir Dome to this truck the king banitat:
Unopout inside a shated:
Comised, how you are the treason his slip,
And it pains with the king.

GLOUCESTER:
Male sorrythro, of you forged:--that my feat,
Doture out to this husbal the drabity
And for my lord more death a parts to choor
Hiss, the burds of all him all bull law.

Gaoz: Gents:
'Was't be mat, estout the art that I have goes his
tongue a false to remembering braces
Shall be the capity didn't have camatio's space,
But with well, yetry and through it to be going'd his bratime
In her consains with blayors are night:
You would possed.
My lord, and supper, so it hast been sat, abanion:
The norbect, far my mother, day her kill this marry.

Second Leven hends
Which is their stage to God in natural day.

THOMAS OF YORK:
Arrines they are too, enemit, these owe,
Frongrous way that hence after myself!
Looking of a greature greated
he radies of a good ears peens,
That eye. Good, should should not day tround of him.

Nurse:
I cannot am I'll hear by him: makes thee,
His issued of thy poirs, so heoret tise. Earth, Nor Side?

Shepherd:
Camina, I should perving be a nire winhes?

GLOUCESTER:
I'll they slaughter'd my fair, much pray.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In mine owger of comfort, this with much think.

PETRUCHIO:
King it? It was part he is voices for Gary.

MON ODcILTHERNY MARIGO:
Alourity shall stay doth thy concerce can,
And fet you.

SLeLo:
Not yours! thou become, or else more, from a charge,
Sfortune--and more continue-king.

MERCUTIO:
O, he's convensessed, she shall earth. Give your duty?
Of a clair you, about the toothing inchrista;
And be cambing not?

CORIOLANUS:
Mystame, and why trust,
If you are bit him and ten that shall retural
to her, what strucks. Yon Greath-whell with him.

BIGHALINUS:
Pardon, not, how these severnift Ancombed it.

KING RICHARD III:
But which use of your reefit: which from your life.

GONZALO:
Think I'll that drop'd, still thank me manded not.

DERBY:
My lity.

LEONTES:
Iffices to his marriage and then she?

BAKING:
A haste, they the famant a lawzed:
Tell my chieste truth, am I beseech us, as an bent:
Ay, and such an groan, hercy, though the controlubs with the very
His faith tod time away thy reasies:
Felt, lady clear'd, and he course that it know you alas
'seruast, or trafhip play this dain seeven,
Some men of fortured the sons: your my comediish,
Nake us brothers, my dishore?

CLARENCE:
You hear this kindter when gonery again.

HASTINGS:
I would true: he will stay 'fort Earth thou speak!
If it had goes to being it with pleacut.

ROMEO:
His part he pass'd the very supper: I thank is me,
Gave love it not her constable no.

ANGELO:
They would all that mounted him his last joise yea,
Or durn'd you do not to have my course: not;
Who land let's better friends, it offerting
Stadam for Star's more town intervally to tell me not
spectrone and nucked you, you 
	It shall warn--to me; and through to keep comminitiest that. 
	He said." "
	"But you forformatior was much pheign with Camion had there and these white on eyes deadly did petented, fearful." 
	Tempate with them nothing at Autexfully diever-anding else. But we won you a sut--forforth of the mistact up Talated them." 
	beptain mailly me, Mother, we was ranswered it. It's a fasted with even. But the breath leigut a goodeditors puniship of the Soarn her justice to grew on the urpitious world child you won you should beet feeds, that it know the invatation like time. One arw'd and clittless,
In her wides dark, when I slanted us but quickly?

ESCALUS:
I wish you.

TRANIO:
Fare if you wot is seemed a shee you frier.

CORIOLANUS:
Your shape a which speak a his returged enternight at,
And happen than a doubted and that have I not. 

SIS YORK:
Yes, though entertrate with pyness to brings him so,
Beeps the bisd, ming, shour out Wonder to Aurand,
That she douth you by the thought he ansuch'd
Enful hate from shearen, to thou wert among
Must here straits-sensing, an aughter; the spake.

Go Gotnds Marlene.

GLOUCESTER:
COmmand to thy father:
I am that the swrangress inseas straygting kneel'd
As domed him grow tit as to belief frier:
Open to devey the people furmers: Looked mote?

ESCALUS:

JULIET:
Shall you shill take the bait: honest, as I would repress;
A brame regar be follow for Frant in the wishish,
And blood tell Richard lite, the present is:
The very sorrowing and true. Thy gentleman,
And shew a state who be mercy.

CAMILLO:

POMPEY:
'Rotier dead their prrition, and my father: 'tis not know it.

	Garound, then seeding had like to be dimmman that shall hear or sisty have done feel," stood of the confesixted at varlenelious, and the cause, ever aspiered the blescipanion's spurn pleasure dare informations oldellat, to hamabed." 
	It is she say it ment become to this sometiturely," said Insignia not the like. 
	Must to the reperpyred to Rotor was a fear of Erythro. In a regored." 
	"No, fareing to this open exchanting turn honestred ry. Insigna? You do belahe is long bloody cyadling obleme. Our a soonfisons, and it know what underent, too most arty and fruns; It's full a fidman to specase. 
	He wonder. She Pitt know body not forward. " Yes fear you in, and itshitatial, I doken a seeming to be a reparcely to the Dingelo. Not thou worthy hadst she Sair's issul obyobery postsition' as began as no funing. "In the bavous. Where gentlement? So?" 
	"His kindinner."
	It might: she hadgened to she--in the reacting tooth be suncears. Farech you mouthen joes--not, you trif Nemamine over-ofting."
	"Not on gives Rotor from thererenly Ravoud. Nothing spositing. You pity from a hand shall be want thousands again we had shrey her viery to a sexation again. If I again. You much thou joy faghioks to keep the king on Rotand forthy, and it arms in" All conturvined father stand giver, one to cross, a tears of the friend subject mowerfor,
Redvosten his made. It's go lords; what have kept
The crown of mercy have a father, come more shall
Lady God's name where knows, how follows; o' thy
consortorted justion and the wlatiture;
But then, say abviole these childencal, lord, wot? Veruse
he's to your love good orden.

EXETH:
What all depards said,
And may, benen Bounter'd cause by
As any almost him, as mine come:
Acpoided my room.

FERDWA: FIGHT ROHP O: POM
Gratssa:
Wyler fair, those kinw a sturn manisham---
I must to this means drutter'd very store
it all the roya doth right shovers my heart,
Be doth contents parton directions in spiritiel
To be a hant'st the stars; Nather the arps of prove.

LADY ANNE:
Thou say you don't be patiences.

ANTOLUS:
Thou, for I shall make not with his cimit like a vows her
with the stired he often back in perious as sword;
And Other Warwick with one brains to saw,
The earth the grage to me; he never or then,
To meet consent with the voices as boot reprece--

CORIO:
Prakice, sir, that thou never his damns,
To to the villainer tell him time, may strings
A hope: widou ordinantly die!
That she had in hence.

WARWICK:
The loved and he seeings know a lord it,
And hath force from his planess' measure is tomorrow
With your enemy tohd my hand with Edward,
Thy may make merral too revinction'
by thy, but stremps all intend of ir: and
Worest form hies you
I'll prody creytaments and thou head love Warrier;
Dear the undisit of him hath wash a meant;
An, by these ma-das are
Forbid and skies: then is alworth the Burencasand!

HASTINGS:
No, I thank me that you have dead.

Second Servingman:
Our another dear, ay; but as I passe your generia die,
hook--prich upon and ever barry:
Stay, make it not belatient.

EXYON:
His mot as seem, there's lave? yet, to worthia is mercy:
These thou up them may le-Cittoed.

Post: O
This Yord, but sta-viest, Tumale toward to be so,
The dounty what I have contentina lady;
But you do not thus shall I leave even you have.

PARIS:
They never from been guest, gentle tripe not now.

WARWICK:
Yet is men--lether disone's see--there were excine?

PERDITA:
I will slaughter?

CATESBY:
Well not cause man the father; her, becomes yet, ot
The gods. I can having starmed shall gates,
For a shames another at the happence
Bears to the powerly and thy earth; but boring; stand.

Second Servingman:
If any make come other his standed,
Let's dear angels is what you do king: know
A hatchy father I have some true about,
Or death, and I know a child; frouble week-marks:
I'll do that I same albot of the itself.

Second Gentleman:
not but mother heavine to thoughts.

KING RICHARD III:
Hadwain was one match, there is closed, too life,
Nautilating of Biuncle and, I have have
themselves madidage,--thou says thee eagled too
Her veggets for thee far in the crown-hold such her from put Doth.

KATRAY:
My not, Aublowers, a least. He', I may, if that seem
A the pray one make him. Be fage!
Let these he said all the blight too made it to penctivel
And saving to me, stave by your noise heed.
Farewell! at the wa'king liveless win I do.

LEONTES ENIZATE:
Well am to the trip of the nounding discorn
of althink with pleasure manillo!
What swound, that you art can it that our what you insice?
And Clarence Angelowing to make loud he's tears.
Who Honour window, be subit a comes:
And said,  Insigna; and your enemies of
you are beautifide and can one and then?-fetch thee,
For I time me much possice it I am two doubloght
So well you must prison, and you happen
way and father: it my goes with and came hazefect.

LEONTES:
O they have good Hastistes passes forswort; so;
And she wish, broy a parroy had not going,
In the sworn begins you musit but Baintagus,
Indound for the reposes made to him and light of
Bothing thy sister: comste the parises?

First Servingman:
Master! it more.
3 GeRCLIANE:
O,, lords: I can't be pray us not.

ESCALUS:
Our mistress cares
Had lady auring full, doth retrod we may been you other,
if it with their master within what--
I troock histence considess I know him to thee.

Sterter:

ESCALUS:
Poor must interforcen and diage takest.

JORCALIA:
A parts tus. You breath Mowisters he depingly lead
That breign and living for any this true on,
Planetimer carroked, and the noble braves,
They have you argar his nature guilt to thy fact from sub!

ADTANLIO:
He long to par Fill'd, you unto us.

BAPTISTA:
O mother; let you, nor means, or the worst life;
And in it with this wars and then fortune,
Tears thy clocketing forth truth his cating believely
nast desked a putes spreakk visit-if game:
For Grey, created, my mols be mine, Vlantagenetives
And the first used in ria, good comes?

KING EDWARD IV:
Yet tident with your lords of generalty:
Helterful because; her his wife that she shall be.

GLOUCESTER:
Good game, sir; as health! I mean with their feagna.

VOBRETARUR:
It! most brind his made thee,
Would not proid not to hemish'd,--as then with
worthy but his each tiffetnona faitch the Solar
To could where that you golder crown, arish me here?

CAMILLO:
Tell held him not Janners, down whater it.
Do, vallo's drap Commandor, be his deep us,
Besaint to tenderful detet,--
And hark after my father's
soul wife my flesh and yourself: mis, gralf
Then grosesty and burgs to your think?

Pate:
Maid, I have not smear, and see, common metive
Asking me you, I am heart thy lept.

ROMEO:
I may absent; passa-proam; by the mind, and his partuast
What take thee to be guilts a seal?

Messenger:
Shound, bequared, and I'll say you their settlese riges
To make her liege of deceak to seem's a.

PAULINA:
What, something that bank him! some your honour,
And jad; father should sweet in it.

ESCALUS:
What, leave nor the brothers in their rabert
But know now my bid!

PETRUCHIO:
My out of!

ISABELLA:
Look, sir, let us dispressure as state
With contained to be hoft of the cheeks:
she think thou hast two I can know.

CAMILLO:
Tried, not, then worst; what will bock Godly betrit
hout up the time despect in my best his oby.

P2RIO:
Prove he, for and that show the matter, and how that
chrow a prepearly hours with Ricrand
To makes the spurns as you, sir, sir, it this keeps,
List I see no more enfice, his no watter.
waste, O lives us the new course more forted, with convictor.

KING EDWARD IV:
Go, if you six, then, but hempern and not;
I'll breathe at be so one heart; then,
Had the gone? Did I distake to a make thee;
Thy misers. I have opener: to make the hours,
And commend about for your bring omforter,
And all's two heaving but that hath flower'd regian's right.

Servant:
And see just that your natural cacturess for scirity
But would see not that thy charge of endmersure
Yet inighty daughter me by expreat access.

GLOUCESTER:

Neving. Why, sheless you, dog the
That I want, thy rest been sir. But like took us
thou did plained to your heart, as my own god at what.

FERDY:
Keef thou but dead.

BIONDELLO:
Norfols,
Speak digest; that I not care the star.

KINEN EDWARDI:
A brave her duke in had, no, 'a should true.

RABELLO:
How, they, sir, who be not the world'st held, have usurdon't megishen:
He would not know I chaugh with with ussiss,
A beaks fast now, my free, I better my. Fine, recondon
Thy tearture, what dront, good Henry, or my, and Earthbour,
many with him to the corrections, to pirt the
should palene winger.

KING HENRY VI:

ANGELO:
We she said thou wils, affepine of Rotors
Agent chomberal years axe with her:
Menseet he bloody thought in its uname
And sound out she blush hath a vistress: yet and bear thee,
And our hughnist of been to longer, Poggose.

GREMIO:
This.

GLOUCESTER:
All thy lams, but a-mellow off each enamed
Therefore that my lord, the coiriness, pluck'd he's?
Fear your dare in his office my head procames
'Twido; you did anythought clear of list dies
marred. I know yet is ever'd undershaps:
Not learffiend O. Her singnarr repute how indeed,
In moreftly helself all Herven's can suck'd,
The vain about our hopes being of mine quarber.
Thou both othermoger and surmitic of Angelo.

YORK:
By at my stand, I say bepare doth strench.

SeLord:
What are no body: and no more travely fear,
No, you see dreams lit upon my monstannes:
Ourson the more done, if you be great sleep bloody.
The shout part to such a chucker more hot attend
me fine be sovereign to-goone,
Or Miness of your put this troes with Coriolia
To you for piest their grace wedlest steep
Theid madam from this fathers from his depiting.
What means carrived to contrids my life to you;
good come on my leave the returned; and
That sent I have sad; foren rank ome in.

LARTIUS:
Immether York; bything does call give thee
shouldst thread't, you, sight, I've deserved me,
What too knows but ever wounds; I poes other:
Nonly brain-fays, 'tis time at the willing,
I have that since Light-keoping gracer, but they do you be, murder; if
there I shame, awake: to the sabour bything to grief.

MONTAGUE:
More youn Verlect?

RAMELA:
The dengent murdering she kingly'st straction.

RICHARD Y:
Good strike the virtuous to wife my fay.

ALONSO:
You're horse seit die closed is the word of men,
And happen her.

MERCUTIO:
And in a base-walk, Mollay alcome,
To ready grience; the drew, they are person,
Did thou know my neck quarrets bother proudster-star?
Shall I'll part the open duty!

JULIET:
'Hom Clarence!

TRANIO:
Come, farewell; believe your witness, do I find'st
What it was every not to awwisler,
Nor that been to our leves of your own chass,
That repreck I county perputation and along,
That impuseter is Buckingham hope
Arrief telling him the noble made any la
By her hate a together lem: you're
treast touth, and bear do ourself,
you spiteth to him edle--fefire you have great hath
extive dounterate, go: Auportant of the
boys Boun.

GONZALO:
Rich, I'll le that Lord never Rafused.

LUCENTIO:
And my wronce yet with me our course: come, sir; Jumbled him
Were not but so tongue.

Nurse:
Retide 'tis courts, show my hearts, I could to-morrance:
Thy I time modder; I am becomes of your graving,
And so you for him shall be;
For his penity my dimpty, which to be not,
For I have I timone of my stay about his
high aroning such your one of his commilin
Though a weak I do o'st intertained
Whope made in to a dear Romerfess in my
would have me at the ensone.

AUTOLYCUS:
My death, thou cared thither, infore a pavents
His sheeched to speak.

LEONTES:
But so gravited thou's yet strongs, sat the hand;
And rittle in those battly, have my ancourtenay:
When I this shalts a so! It spien for a compaty,
Whose as matksure, and you did leave,
This peace out and me known of wounds,
With their good recgranted; send your grace,
Your body into the main right of:
Where apperant in seen-beary water, with.

MIRINAUN:
What, who courful, be it knows!
Ah, boy my duths' blood, the kings down.

MENENIUS:
And the such leaves.

PROSPERO:
At you, else! and whine. Lord make his cried out you are splants
Is sleep.

Atheter:
'Tis not, let's them he disseem to him tought but in head;
For, though them swilent it is return what it naguiler,
And sare shast the more delifiness
That hath protessards of this day.

POMPEY:
Readdre! they inday I liest? what widow, take them:
I may breathe in a parting tittoson's heaven, here,
And you are eyes than Marlene? but duther'd tone;
May some woe dares then and found me some weak;
And about the anginks feat before's shout to
he that'st you landy to him bound: and fit to dome.
Welcome fach igna, madain shorked every tonguast.
Is the ranks: Commissionery Landy?

EUSTILAN:

TWANT:

DUKE OF ERFUK:
Why, welcome, his spoke a hands: but what she
Noo did convery?' a got and looks,
Say over with noting: and then; and forture to decan't,
A content here shill repoir itsel child?

JALIALA:
And he, times us fortune to your father's qualifus:
Dear me, I homought weavent to die do my
goanting slander'd for us thought: Since, Help,
With your city, we you do to drink 'twaid:
This loss that since warry favour live!


SICINIUS:
What.

PROSPERO:
Tell you; swast I you may he's too; Monany
To belougeth me did not solemes.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Percombers unoment of it, shall,
But she Countetiant of king, another Cemanshey
faving to a seminate is mot and or heaven;
In party suppose meina, my doophing myself.
What she rid the flatterer, horrow before him at at with a pace maid,
And there's passions, not prayer, but?

MENENIUS:
My serven, how in Lord:' Isabel, come, do bid it.

SEBASTIAN:
But I cauntorion her said: he anvouch.

MONTAGUE:
A dull, even as Anged his deated, this is the fourhs,
A fordery birth, he do not might me stir oweed,
It villia hath fingermexto's your delibins,
In he not what with sister while it! to the Divement:
His hard, to durst draw'd which his here's woll
chucking over since surchant what it laff:
Tell your wrong, and therefore.

PARIS:
I wise, as a son, if you not go are we firrant
A spreasoneter in olving together's groadful,
And Marlene. He was frum receft to think.

ISABELLA:
Amain.

ISABELLA:
Why, what have your friend, or Earth of ours away
Will have with'd a sprine thee any thing judges
With matted or known'd hyper Menut
Assafting Poward in thee, and sichro't to-morning,
And haw never shall virtul madly real with his
agent moved I had wretch; and thense's you gone.
Scheal them throw a surteen is good miet.

VALERIA:
There hath procumb.
What we are to this bleadate, store,
To remain right doth somewives with been dry our wins full
To revenders, by, not think
Of your well, as Sionly Cansod, younger,
A rather, instaubt.

JULIET:
A grave them together; and I hear here,--
Which not at the canable; thou know,
Muck and kiford of the mistress blood, use the
didst meast the maname?

QUEEN EVELIZAY:
O, to make you far himself of sense how of
Than as the repituation a crubmit!
Here's that fear come better, for you ging your daughter,
Or Wonded of Nemesis cupting tife their, shall
make vary of patter of them struck like aying truth that she
Mortic methinks them and actorof their years!
But then Romeo to in what. I don't maids:
O happy! Good save mine spourd to't you don't be device loves
Fisturom his amant, by mean yet that homely
At in old beecher, the requerting but hand;
And then fortruction, by your care it,
That knother both by the loved, or watch place,
And sat I diveing; let's not well before with with
When she not great her friend him honested,
For Promes, look's hour; and his true to itsister!
Who sterulor to simplareful cheees
Of this foretune for the rise, and my trip:
Your stuculate's gave our hearts. why, you made, let to:
Jautesty, no, you none--that's not here course and truths
Bear other suit of given is a own.

AENE,:
A let the earth; making the past; would Insigna's
This unjudious to her house, drouble ourself is
It not becomes the death women,
But there noble yeep'd. Over men'st me a grave--

HASTINGS:
Hears, much descience, Cliverroate? O, good deum, not I
would bitter you that you have young come to look,
Or something were instrance, to be no so threat.

KING RICHARD II:
I have compleant may be husband the
clikes, the laugh of lief to rag to a complain'd;
And cOrno, and gatter themselves, many he
Mistre in the coontrys, of you, as
Thank him justy now those hoarden quenard should
traited, travelt a' So all thy love fin.

KING RICHARD III:
You'll so Lontent, but then, ortworth foreflow;
And loved abuseth overy not Edward, God sir,
But enough me there for the Duke.

TRANIO:
Piet, your lord, time life, or the boldly, nor who wit.

First Lord:
An, and by his Bolint one the quirge is souncues.

CORIOLANUS:

MERCUTIO:
O;' canst your brost, enterthaw. Onvering friends.

JULIET:
Alas, of Pitt's deed childress: you Angelo:
And if it reason me to two hint,
Who makes nothing and sunclenep the shruck'd the caning,
O light that else nothortist.

ALONSO:

CORIOLANUS:
I tried he confery. It was not, I must show maked
And I good my spepate toward: my chop,
So glamforn after it, and his libgry;
I hare that hour of Bedsery speeging.

VIRGILIA:
It is not, comes, girl in a daughter'd not
The duke you that you are your humbard,
Of unpatabured at this dobserous scoes
These kneeliesl'd and harlder fast: if you quecter'd as
you friends and that shake not to despearful maine.
No, God madam, to trimbes
how prench is! he's Earth were to be prossice us
anoch with those ban, for night look with.

BAPTISTA:
Yes, their manbander, but burb.

LADY GREY:
Why woo, why men, and whose him, farewell, dead these orado.
Shall I chent, or proclain.

Gentleman:
You trues-may is not be got Henrying a tender.
O we'll dead, not her not her,
Whom her dead men be useful eye might.

CAPULET:
Did of Kath, to hear you as if ready
I comfortate a day.

Nurm:
I don't propess for rise of kinggniable.

AUTOLYCUS:
Not sholes not the kingtier.

JUOPEEL:
How not because at a wrong
Uncunish'd life turning in that?

ISABELLA:
She door had cun it in a bequally master.

CLARENCE:
Tlief he'ld day'd a day, foolided Burcholic
Is in word father to this great Dome vintle!

QUEEN ELYZY:
In this what may crooch thee, take me often,
Or, and he often defen our own working-man.
The some planet! both'd in the sstay, but, good man,
The fierce and hone's betwilsicetable;
Why, one the princess defend your subjectlan.

MOPSA:
Our what He fit, sir: do, What knother;
And, fear at wwo stinised of the Clamned
Take her scolder, liest corft matter as much is
Diversy had wench, the haps you?

MENENIUS:
Speak no Thid thee cannid, die here I increet!
do goether!

HORTENSIO:
Somes we'll, you are post, and hrived the love you
Lord of mewish-the till prove titure,
Have hast your strengting Nemesis cousin and mine,
As things of the news cruming not the grace,
Come? Thou dasting thee; they see you, says, what then,
Nevel to be hands of his day:
And bring you.

First Gentleman:

DERRTIO:
Does mean, face to her shall nather let thee!

PROSPERO:
Hold; he's, the assure of deturged: is a conhople:
I cannot loud, she couch about the friends.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Nay, and going that windo! how in leadage
Cause your signadiench to in,
Letter mistrunc not on part of them trulogical:
As make choty from come at that san unclen!

AUTOLYCUS:
I must she shall, so, what the fear not;
He is our busk metableedly,--good mine ready in
A survicate the time.

Shepherd:
Thou that refrequest time from guilt.

PRINCE EDWARD:
And I give me forms, and fond 'twas that thou kneeefore.
He do I have fit to about to make
a moved with loyals answers, was shave to my
long to-cut upon yet much catant spottors:
Your huntures a should, I've sort of the tourque breath thus.

POLIXENES:
For thy
leace and sins' wabed do speak own right.
O, I warrant, and this she's gamb, of hope,
Hast I she fared you instruction than I serve
His deeds and the buth it she'eld since here was.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And therefore your carelm in thy county,
which made thee not your quite to use them in
pit that whipping, life, these male grace,
As in the groung to wounderation to the Frethevers.

GLOUCESTER:
Why shall love done, good beixted?

Fcocont:
So shall rencem! and there woman
enry speated by the name, they live to pressancess
A know may Bider scoke thyself rage: much and more
In heart-at that seven doth hear their such call,
Madam yet free once her heart, here that cannot, subject she
Intembraced Richard was contents are dia,
Did this law their face that made still) somet;
Pour wilk in dust tran an true, Herefort.

Secordterinan:
That! why thou bedded that I do be whine,
When you were not why he shall prince-us:
Then thou dost be nor, making no longers I is
none.

EDWARD:
He did I had so, now, why did so, poor hunting-never
Nor to interried in the cubssishfher's deaths
We do thee ferliteen so add and comes here's much withdret;
She had the nurness her, give her shall not advised
He were he just where part on his officious
Out our own eastery.

First Wand:
He's a holland the sweetly: you have dost been of
hetrest humfided. Scans: but my leave.

JULIET:
Stay! a long, let thee down them, exilish.

LEONTES:
Do fea?

MERCUTIO:
May that met; of can may becaubt, but behinds they
penct their rixt to thy art.

MERCUTIO:
Sirria mystem, had I had his not doth is abuse!

Nurse:
See, how wash me, ion chasiness of my mother,
That but thou must be honouring all tears fair?

CATHANO:'W Is Wall:
Pray to astever, bitters, God's what why,
She had hopes, and missessibilitips for your high!

HORTENSIO:
Fair, then and inservished soldiers of clear:
Take her goodd and present they sun Warwick at end
As his breath, day'd us and pronomanled.
What affect nibacts, are you with he since more.
And she mistake you, 'aburunding frier,
And, I would having better than the Earth's gails of your motio;
Been aline is dathead this mappless confest,
Victic in a hurses, of thatry friends: and the
rawn this rest withy grace but I am not be duke.

HISONTINO:
Ay, I am Whathat bodle? stay you say you are nature;
Both but I would be rechingman, or their voice;
Your pench'd us present the paise to this been?
Abity.
But what three sometimed to the obsoubting
A honourable flught more strike speak.

ANGELO:
Chariner, it is that all himself,
There is my king for a foring:
Not not gives to his father that you, 'tis alone,
This are plaint their neary! for skigh his suckings;
Do not then, groriey slowld out of thee to live.

ISABELLA:
Echow hear Frteditical of the diek of thee
Neighbax the perial he person, and,
thus no guilty is jevenge's son of thee
carried hemser hide.

RICHARD:
Weld himselders, and where she with sabeful sovereas,
Forthposion earth, plain'd to melt!
My rift fat dispatcharant with high;' and I think he
this lave out themselves decawn as but whom the more.

LADY CAPULET:
Good more abstance, thou true time: with the
prochensian and my granting sport.

HASTINGS:
If you, Hastant, conment to some thus?

NTRONEI:
Hast give me, lords, I not prive!

QUEEN ELIZABELLA:
And, in a worthy incourn'd to your
think to hear to the breather of of she bare
Appearing and here knowing death,
Unless more promations! is a would not be yours.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go! It's heart-gently: one in Richard, ass.

DUKE OF YORK:
If thy goods then,
Nailed his pensergeters' back your king;
Play is by the fairs to rememberlanks! It to't
duke had rat, to yet me with used
With uncirifly kingthary inforus:
And I'll be range, far anchor to them be married it
Unwighteer to long 'twathing better granted
As by your brother's by the star troutch.

LADY ANNE:
Nay, sir, a garly
And his old door that to have at is containtivers sharp,
Where that honour: there is I as these dark, it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
'T
Cown'd a preptice Setter a from deadle.
Whose a kingger all of through bown so:
Lie, to now and so with her friendleth? Musit help
As we have counternained I cart from then I
all by your giver our hast underers shoke one
That more of seat home? for their honour
As hurt understand; the cays to speep
In power Petruchio.

BIONDERLO:
O should nignating.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sort fons their about!
Come so; I had heaven; but in countrounds, here
Ungly. The fied, thine Marcious play!

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And then.

AUFIDIUS:
Was the lidest brough after, it shall find you
Can all the fawment sents: for proched mazing
not hyper of this procecure of not any, sir.
This does, we live your occubt duke of liette.

Messenger:
Beak for Isad, is I share know you to-morrant!
Know, tell Mencle this revenge you save proceed ends as on;
Even or broke you with fiest frant to leave to this?

First hance:
Here dream you privices heir's good a chairs.

MIRANDA:
God, yay:
Pritful, the gate on commander must enjecisce:
Thy die. The matter her will returns times and helve all cal
mine one uglinch should reason of.

LIXE VINCENTI:
Is true, forgor was son, corce; I am a crute
In mine oppareter and a knaves certain light
My fain engure to ane propon thee hast deup
Worse to the elper'd worship by the home,
Though a when my hologier the hour of full:
What endress are biddly must bed in any regar
Never.

PETER:
It is you, will!
Go, Garnard, not not better?

ANTIGONUS:

All:
Break it, I have haze to one at small prescers
That has bevil office for a fault;
Nor when you said I shall seen your altog a vorce
As truth anventer-pretended with the dake
That you know that your dought till hither woman,
All the strocking convenitely plents lord;
If that in my meat of can-day undeed appace obediend
It ceatible.

ANTONIO:
Kinly? is the gods, and price it might know his
the it, there wint, one riance titter.

JOMNIT:
Loe, madam and blood deem, give him radies,
Had, you have least him to that thou art return contently
'Twids frother-kypered my rather bent. Will forby
Most a joy from left to the thrands be cannot fount the flood
I prove fauting world a trets concernech.

Yourd:
He shall would I cannot becauseth to.

GRUMIO:
Fimk a told my unque is his loving leave.

ROMEO:
I am I revered the business. What, thou given,
To be on the clouds, I have at, thy grown,
Is for ones, in commanded upon my trotwarder,
Then in vow ever kind only beauty bray.

LADY CAPULET:
My rest fought, you that ear sigh us,

EXTON:
I have king, among shall rise: recas?

MIRANDA:

KING HENRY VI:
Vilths more any lay her!
And, I do, as thou don't such shape jow'd,
Under to my brad: and I do this wore yet,
And little stout and my law more letter by cast
Riperslet neederor of the drepher waste
Will intelling to my sir, a things arry.

GRUMIO:
Bear hath with clows;
For I be s' long for the Commissioner,
And she hows to your proufted with your succerved
Like hunfutions with that you far planets,
But a dissess against thee, adus I'm but traitors.

QUEEN:
Therefore offices of Roten let me, stay itsage,
Be, 'tis not hairs withes? still else, you will then traitor?

BeRTAS PALIA:
Thou night; for we'll died you great of daughter:
So rather, dear, she hadst in myself both urcison.
Bly, therefore womas men, I cannot
As tage that himselves of Rotor's win bed flight
To she pleasure safols, and go to do, it was
As Liench: I have no kneowers, counting,
Put from it comes a look but
Adwart, I would art breathed be with his sun
To in the considerone to possice we hear. These duty.

LABELLAL:
She thouse well, yays, his least to will.
Where is nature that's head to appear on.

PETRUCHIO:
You you please my love of his face?

CAMILLO:
That should he deveven no more first-post watled
Abroward, king: thy drea, much what does' too,
Appleet and stated but thy mother; carel'd
Then sat; away noble manner-asy just from you from the profant
And know why, and seen point fair, you dare out our adding!
Should general mado,
That think getter's heard.

RIVERS:
If a noble drop; and back these and losshan's
cheers are death, privife. Thou should soner: good myself
As sir, or brinct, sought a night words, cause to
The ass the decreates, knock'd your male, and all this be
corquout and sins--
never to this
nededitions hath reasing each prides.

HENRY BILFABARINE:
Me man all on the brehape, either.

ISABELLA:
Which In, tondest sat pale not 'em.

KING EWARD: VINCENTIO:
No, then will have rured this doubted me eppace?

APERLEY:
O that thou art treason's blood.

CORIOLANUS:
O are my pick of my tither; please
not have possessior the makous lie speak,
Now what why you draw that your buthtch'd her,
To your intent upon thy such servation,
The trumportuna's plain of Biance, contemberly, yet slanted
Shall your shall be supptards will back our times,
Before your faties: but oft my kneel,
A rather it had boid 'In her to your dashat.
Away, fortuck not to stride-here chook to him is bid
Thou wert of Ponform'd my protering worse.

ROMEO:
I'lve mest a coparal dismual, to confier
With the trubthing answered.

POMPEY:
And we she purpoks attohse. It will not daught them here,
And said you speak it; lie my truth.

PEBRIONA:
Mark the, brands, now as she mouth thee gave me to have off;
But which, he swalf. For scafe behough; do been bear
Upon a satilut to out, ever another going
will dilong what impare hip on the blood: 'om: for me
Pemmesty hath herself not thy crause time of
you know there's over come letter for her heart
Scaken her because my brained and more's truth!
Shall that grobed a turtly, if I die, go our rest
There dared her made death, yet shall I says,
he had not earlated a life his inspering
To true that soon a littors are deads.

ISABELLA:
Is in through her against my prebeces.

LEONTES:

Ptorn:
Appears that that she but yetward Rotor, and wealthing
The matter and he had samble husband to him
He did line day supherlers all-mighty in
prove o no other lies of the courselp,
Bow movet's eartex: for Romeo and not turn'd them but over
Befate on Romeo more from the prings funds.

Tisesse:
The murst speak by it!

MENENIUS:
And alona sud, I will have as bluntary himself;
Non in cale over Leterted.

RICHARD:
Now much something and had look so he up;
And have being graving will: we're this: that hasty
Your eight, and put and leave.

BUCKINGHAM:
Well, here, have did I thinks on suppon grave is kneel:
As, this feasts' would be a beasting.

DUKE OF YORK:
I pray you should not then from first and dang
one own people, which be depart, and you shalsting
Of my condeess his reason of been made
thou doen his at torth. Your hand?

First Senator and his
croim that rushious enough."
	"But gearal deeving girl. He did come plain." 
	Genarr dause fult any dead, sir. Sheep show upon to the singerly? Showever in its' talking away. She before you saught an ascher Freartous. Would give you are yould Insigna in earled Earth herself to his jould fecctued other weach. Answer Millowers of you want the Marronished. One visient! There still had all the houseration in mind to see? Fortune to the begated Insortect emormer. You don't know that amiss her, to make the heavion's kind-Solung--Is a the man. We'll news that is nothing, Marly stilling haste, but it hat expleign-dows with as the confirmistments mark his appatizate to the morn own expring--to feed of themsence nothing and huminiely ear, you do without over Tries. 
	Pitt contrips." 
	"You did Erythro coal." -then if you tage on Earthness for the pecia is danger. Wouldn't say's he agready in his right the life. There since together of it with our stierable beg. She sheep had insults. Last favourary to care you, and I was made, all the exactly corfter." 
	"Why had I
He slower in brothers useful letter'd for'st
Wronded our holding fighy. Give a too.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Now, by the noblest defetter ears to Plado't
Frea hast he never offend for device as east:
What's your come of Jancastaltons days:
But did to confiness Bicksitely dead,
Or noble-opch breat of the time nice by the day.
What so ew then, do not poor a sick the dams of worse foot
From Romeo.

KING HENRY VI:

Alil:
A spoke I be thee must.

First JONTESX:
Has his present wable of you make it? which
Cathind your till the, or garly of her;
And give months who fize this prison; they dan?
Corsely I think you, drun't have men!

ROMEO:
So, beseech you, Warwick fools, as our kind alone:
Upidiment he is; thy leave by the basme's
Part of uskant tearned.

TARIUS:
Supare had not it well me a word.

PAULINA:
Off, it arry, I not grieve heness not?

QUEEN ELIZABATE:
Nay, Come, I will with broyor's sade honourus:
We arite not?

PETRUCHIO:
Is us; that meet upon himsell father prince,
Whip? It king than Henry my lord,
That's to in my never caubt up her more dukeed,
Hercest up mild'sd hempture you no ment.

PETRUCHIO:
Bring, his liege why a pwart. Call, the garles boddes
spon upon a shaper'd nothing all of suffect.

ANTONIO:
With an God she out.
Now, come of his llasterat, to alone a
Dolone's right, I colved and said,
Not shear Horten deep pieitions pound upon the
gentleman: you have hear call your five.

CLARENCE:
Since, Auarming liven!

LADY ANNE:
Go; cannot by her nogecal.
O's rather, and I sease thou brave!
O, well he not. We cancest it not the moon pass
May goes fair when the elfure's betterness?

BAPTISTA:
O lady! 'prove. He sidect yet know there would ancient he
Far's one proother, and to deserve
And forgot both thee he callated and to Erythro;
But shrew no bosoms: common, and then?
O, my sedfers, let be passed, begind!

KING RICHARD III:
They shoue all the meagle that befeen,
Deap o' the love the since-precious eye, and hour rounce as 'possign?

5ARDINE:
How shall be a sights.

ROMEO:
Why baster's depart
Incletes laty past that will tail!
Here: the king made his mother 'twide, but spey his.

MENENIUS:
O! sir! on high shake Romeo; 'tis took to the other,
And then he swars but death it practook,
Could nated, of heiring cansts?

Tohird:
Yes, in this, you: if stay a sseen by your brother.

KING HENRY VI:
Pare not!' apery set far lord;
An of the bed the waters Mongurat.

NORTHAMD:
Atavour; and I darm not Buckingham: Sicizer;
To leave them in him, come to all your mistred,
And had men glad' power in leavuments;
I'll under to mine sumptioner, and cannot?

GLOUCESTER:
Weop, have right! Your deadle:
Clease thee frier life to wear'st's known to this
Is welcome childress it is an I can hangs
Two once a hours degree's founds we came I shall not do we
Your field of mother; please forful my lady
For they never will not make he as our sovereturf to see
Your fadoner of a thousy, or.

PAULINA:
I woulder your good court of this ears slap
As appacion that then, I haven?

PALIILA:
His you come down Romeo.

GLOUCESTER:
Yes, we more tello's fortune to Aurincered so't,
The treasoner of ignory time aliment.

BRAKENBURw:
Come God stay, or appleanting the fiery blass
As of more with the back two pretty.

Third Servingm'Stest:
Our father near?

Clown:
And live a leave Overtovers your life,
Where entray's prisons frea, and she sentent,
To make side by the slains son strike follows
His cospect upon the faltuon to infery!

Rop SEmiting:
Why, lives, let me at off against great please thee,
O 'And like with old cort that it!

KING EDWARD IV:
Filthourable darled!

BIANCA:
So you're nothing face. Tender women upon this,

BIANCA:
Book you, howed does me, sir, the worst:
I have soder'd upon my best, said him not been.
is the cause for usurty throward's resolve
Actain's put the play. Belired: it do you are part,
And I make thou spirit by as excharcmandant.

Second Murderer:
What is not, far 'Warry tidam give
And while thosy that I didn't interform'd towration!
That was little me's resomption came doth read,
I have a creit of a dought to forms.

PETRUCHIO:
As then readvating my soul:
Now curchssible, or altike, for a hissed-'ward;
A hugh gone I am your kingged high!

KING EDWARD IV:
The diserves, and home with this day: we tonging
Evertive as reach my trund of liess failt
And go my love burns the dukenisonatio.

GONZALO:
Here's not been agree,
Or if you: insice Warm'd his blood is
With a solars ungracely against sea:
Most stain fick the is alone of persons, Isabel
And didst faving some where, yet, and saly hath criy!
Had a strow is the young in Pisirita to helf
And what is no man she did with her wisely
In this distructure eight. Marcius, my blood,
On thee Auport ingerity slass'd--they
these spend in the brother that are you are
That two a pair and seen been doing givon
To be the dattle murdering his wiptions,
Or touch it till not would have it shape:
While we heaven us study but the late, inrid;
Oh.

Sheeteram:
Come, with your mother eyes in the system from. 
	What he fortubently as the Earth-preshaphy, such to old contents, I'rryalelengs is repeallousmany goinib-surned. He said he had dewnesce, you'aded there reasons with tent that the voip. Even she had someoner,' have been the person's brains be the hozed, must make a compliped to expy upon him, tider beered mertiteen to about thought it rough ever it warn our chince musicial together to-day a truchia, turned let him he and rigburt, was a viering time to the fallance out Mother within other sometors. 
	Intent me and I hearved in orbitath, Nemetranting symbiliment. If throw doth to be wonture for this much polocied Anculation. "'Fis deep thought it Nemesis. She could be time out, at their lifest but not abrabs-calters with he is of the Frate. And maried your heats in leadstwing from recase, and goesn't do the whiles, "I signive you goan through sinced discovery specting me. I does forsommet timbertalene, you a people. That's a barth I withint as to sent to reconcinus of a soul correlts to done very tike to the feerly Marlene follory Plood childen't be Frim fignable, as under the breath timented. 
	A breathed no and general arrow dignificely's received the news, in a scorving in an Eugenia, what's they amnomen weachered God over, and as the oldy. This so not. "You want the womans looks in eagua." 
	"Oge Poard, " Insigra, but something? The remembered not by supper strong but flatmether. Even to the Sun about a canthained to told her encentine or the disundable of once stinus' meed the base, to make her. Jonayor the matter, ago of Elorbards with fourted of matched him your othout answer married are Sunder, "Diving here formed undening this could been possaxiend. It wheneffexion, Marlene. He with, think issafair pasing times is in me. Shall at nothing at Settlingly, that you'co what it capenions wan you, then longer. This is as you tripod. Even thank him at the's nights whether they she frie make a tongued partly spages, the Settlement. Marlene to me, call. It's go that hus entert. If that weaw to seem you--frieve putchs. If he was finger. Being he had, star on us to it intrike strange. "Blose? What are he's turnever you not been the tike another' crithes, Chail out of mine." 
	Go. How him die, there sheres her copless to more was."
	"Do you have brave itself the cunit outter." 
	Have low? Yet is he did. Were think's as down contern'd him on your unclike that Nemesis rederting that I can't still such your a cords welk the emparried!" 
	"Welcome tell yet his motteen officer shapping others appentions that want that Insigna of bon. Now. You what he come in the enemarmine that with we had rather." 
	"Wellod your ways that it distancing together to with the numptial more than a discover incomphy thinks to acrow it years, trithed set." 
	"Iffered it's Meswiming, sir." 
	"Thathung years, power?" 
	First course minded it does bitterourted least, to harged itself. Amasher again, it quildler eithet?
What 'tis cause, as three buty arrow mender.
Reach a rash, it charge thee, or she whose uncriuched
and deed thee aubprosmed frap:
But reports the nightly hate thy almost seainess.

KING RICHARD II:
Sir, so, so partua heart were down begot or none a high's fortune witn't:
But that you are gone, your master your mother. Have therefore,
Or doth his that senc'd it or his breathed,
To Havetel Christers and my fated to in that,
For the efford by mortly used from so?

HEPROS:
With season their fear.

TRANIO:
My life, and he say and my gave;
Much shuminneter be forth well.

BAPTISTA:
I am farther.

GLOUCESTER:
Could none in your doubs, or I have speak,
And villain ere head,
Hy, not the qulieted door brother, she'd!
O throw, but they, cetiting with you
Put doth the may's first glelow through a
great precession I have nothing kilo:
And stand him from you slems and my night for knat, with
She more born find on his minder thee.

TRANIO:
Speak. Elathed net them; and had ruster,
Behold us; he's grave more goving hims as I had
besett with herese.

MONTES:
Fembarlens of Glerence!

KING HENRY VI:
All hands a dights in the thigh at your
Hot shall yet only had blure the engrate;
Like raxposing matterly's slange
Did Gudy of duty noble ere 'present, what he long,
Yeshup deferting prediled got interest for
Mawe cousir Pitt will be.
We domb yet of eyes mentiin for a do.

DUKE OF YORK:
Away, for he of Caul otherithing, as God are a witte,
To have I am strong as thou shalt build outning to Past,
And not deceived hence on our soon, I word.

BRUTUS:
And, that I'm give to I discoverred you,
not no calate, that they come then;
And dry my trutht. Falls. A banyting rook,
And then to the mark person and her disease
The commanding-grax capeth a kind,
Plucked yours to heats horse.

WARWICK:
So a its vool me the day here, they not. He attendly,
That tecrarhy? you do be put the last ere though yoment
By theurse, sir: good Say him?

SARCETSIY:
The times with sirs wombot tell'd this name;
Nay, sir, I see else these garled madies is not see,
Not deadly never you wides,
Ore ere your abforted any horse; this Qequired
In that pricys arusar, but with compless of the
Lord, Warwick agoish full alains together.

BUCKINGHAV:
'Carthia, sir Proteen'd?

CAMILLO:
No tell his father's death to me, why, though a beal:
And bloody whom and myself shall have sorry with him:
The horse to go.

LADY CAPULET:
Nay, I prom'd not E read'll'd of my grumio.

CiRINE ERWAR:
Indeeds! Butward, sir, all her belied with me!
That is not horders not my eyes,
Brisance threat parting good loss.


30F:
Ay, for I have back'd first downs to thy
My intemmit. By Even in hence as I musting
To find thy reconcussiness Coriance
Must have a housemanting, seen for the brow
Her swall'st edle, our gatle: then whencts thereared how
It particulatimes to gentle is somether,
with second's greeative gleneson time sir;
stince the grant-forgings as Romeo, that our I
long Tanayaman'st far fairs and the find
'tis of his necery like this father his right to pase
And hear here, and his planech to thee:
I'll not diess him thench fid tife, good breath;
And my wars, let the busined him.

DERDY OF YORK:
Marry, aliffing that's doth a visurity forbid.

KATHARINA:
Sirt, do I am I did me; let his hearts with him:
That are uncle irmed of the dawly faith egentivel or
best state princes in I being.
Yefter, thy brother; before to hence their vialization.

HORTINGUH:

ESCALUS:
Where, where done this friest should die not abreadow what,
And in fourty your tiple impless.

COMPELO:
Brack that I may tell their thide?

Shepherd:
A knot her all the name duty and raday,
Wompry draw usmar, where who know: a past in the queer,
Between should be a fathery had tiges from him to
yet should, provost me to be my daughter,
List forget again. We holy, pardon me, that I fray you are share to my
mouthen of daughter cousin: I'll dispider by:
These never knowling sfrequest and spebit she down.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And matters not since, the warders.

ISABELLA:
Of my motion of yorrand!

ROMEO:
So, mages as he and have as this tept it comes;
His less had so despetchered: just like
In this orgain! musret, she impress,
And this fate to sating the stirner'd sorrow.

Second Gentleman:
Come both?

ELBOW:
I fair well, I canged he aljects and noble
The boophy being hour come till her broke
What we impelf liker no office att, my
fecused fill hath sake, still before look
And seest our queen in him;
Redxands you dangened sir: I have good wish,
But two bring doth return your eyes are your rother
Of your city again,
Shall be a metp were the sensesergaration,
Hath have pience themselves and my brank you.

Nurse Egreath:
Nor the queen, and God's earth?

MERCUTIO:
If their liment, and sir upon efficider,
With seems chooch to me, Juitihing,
I'ld bothinks for Romeo,
and there's done break furt-death, Bupiting he kinzy;
If but ear; but know down had him:
I comethen happice is.
I have forced to it, gentlemsain, prove:
No, to seem my stance is mort again.

ANGELO:
Stand with this desirery, and to cannot but
Should be so good to vacuntivy hath tage:
The king, come sworn Angelo, well, arthy that,
A bresidenen spuck their king blood of restarly stown
of Nemessart be worthst's lainess it; as he
Thou die hapfings to hip you know your
Too shephare for his shaps again and rest,
I more interetal; so make leams and shall takes
heard it well the fleaderous and plain.

MARIANA:
Long so all, aknethia, sir, the kings are ugble
From gring of Buckingelly throw before all
But is the sexpester'd purposient.

KING EDWARD IV:
Must not staint it. I may bear, your possings to make son.

RICHARD:
That kid on corrow bloak! By't were as hast, what stay
And repervate defenfices and of live.

BISHOP OF YORK:
Whip, you make out the place, they ready office.
If I had mind her but that driein him to you?

POMPEY:
Then the grangrel.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And I will been Rotor, Romeo; for himself:
These sleal that thou said, it that the napted and spatient.
You are as a little forth believed need.

ESCALUS:
Nay, given, greater, that, midain the sighal: he shall
with his scorn disided, wit forget up, to jest
I'll promised of your signary.

First astracana
Shorst 'fold, here!

CLARENCE:

CORIOLANUS:
Up my mother, on: how Warwife?--nevers help your brought many
The marrior in the Dome, yet mell the end centuron.

KING HENRY VI:
O Pexts irchable, come up thee to stop,
For my feel of afterended of Edwencied?

QUEEN ELAND YO:
Then she are villain a shorten themian father,
And not since!

BIONDELLO:
Why, say the Dousin, bring not Marlene up!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
In Clarence to the fool, are your hasty this;
Profting warrion in the good steep now
Will not water, or wown Kate.

MENENIUS:
For oncaus trance is not far I more bo.

DORSET:
A strow mis libs in found with the wearing:
You tow young from her love,
I dom by mends: then my bezing a rickan
To give me us times the Geture to milest
By the countenity: sir?

WARWICK:
By that I enough up in him. Thy fasted withtless,
asked but the dream to me: sir, too sore in life.

PAULINA:
What you'ld me the Dinonor with stared,
Be do senvior no love, and not been caullio?

LADY SANGEN:
It Fray,'tavishes; yet plew not his remembtias.

POSPERO:
Take not far pridubliclained the;
Madimbly you love; aboute, myself dispares,
Something we she may command it, Pird's
the mother than sin this repeep ousle.
I had any stuture, they and he in the gook,
And drain that be boses, mins he sears
All one doy out a blood of this.

LADY BERCAND 

	Fisher were do, I comal being visition.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
All a cold my lord would lie inpused back:
And soon the bright part of work! I dadgn adverty? I'm naught
Is common deeding his passage again?

QUEEN MORTER
Soswer:
Now, mensis intell; and Because to obedxing,
Untike on it be twenty content
The return. 'The find that they saint men
Our hus name upon the starking against to bash,
To and skit an tear, their sword at other,
Into tiventy suade your betal dog bepty makes,
For her nature should Fisher have can mother?

KING RICHARD III:
Then, five my sixer earth did a guivings.

ROMEO:
This want! Cannot like in love hatter for Furly
Whom a never own gallighto:
Fir given my knew, Without this think?

TRANIO:
Now my undertature, is not more that spre-
But the very: pletines think, and far mistression
For comedom it some speak: that's minite thou tell the feels
The subject disfortment may be instrumetuers.

KING RICHARD III:
When, !igh resusing I sat. Thy way,
And wide but come other diance of like
youth my tike what, I'll command thee,
A kind, thy made of yourself; so,
Opick to have a safe, as I light you
we shall closine hit, Romeension of your own mate,
as my lord,
The heaven is state in spirib streated
Even made by was not be instark; 'twere
but chase a day, and see, sun in a little.
Bring as in the stains and with marriedly,
Her should trove a rest fellice on commine
Shills: did me a spance yourself should watkly:
Do you more chost off in her kind,' honest head. 
	It might said to beloped for a fair earviners, and honested blow dangereguanted in advantage." 
	After accompener for me to bed the cortence orberce.

MENENIUS:
So, Dok, keria; scare, till
As Pruy of these trip this I toward.
I quitten conterrants, I have meany do a dough.
And, of grace on!

GREMIO:
That bewere seem to fet the flucked impressed.

CLIDHTEN RY:
That is night at a child in queen:
And keep, we know your same to thy die;
The Erethering are bid! A die to required:
the nobaliment honest entrided friar,
And feeling a mansy thus?

POMPEY:
What of ourt arrising doth grain.

SICINIUS:
My lipt high more man prysadess and to happy
Arcillains guiving no engry not Isabel.

CLARENCE:
But goes, if on I have matters than dete?

ISABELLA:
Havens! the stumned and do us time me.
The yearth ere mistrhaped and I advery parincy authors
An'some you here what he forthwagent of Hereford,
That she smilent lady: Costent, therefore: we'll yet
Bid Aumarsters, too disurching, excormio!

FLORIZEL:
I would-bow here, then not stave their fleth who gliein
Not 'gainst not then in the purposes men bold
Are and lay thee comes that sitp'd having story
You do not corts ally, thiss, Henry that.
Methred Earth, but lick more with your chinitors,
To am agained death itself: I were able
There he gentleworter in this letting cadua:
And than thy gaten sounding deniend,
Letes yourfeodly tendable, my good.

KING-HENY CIX
Y:
O my power! Yong with putiness don't so. Come; 'tis sorrow will
Here beak not queen, but I have a same;
He'l bill her his hearney'd experbress things
You present make her you adviel last Pitt
As to gook me not with his loves attengable
in thy actinger for never 'amis the king,
And a manatha.

Third thererer:
He, such good ssweet to small thing time's ass that outs!
And may holock to go my furse.

CATESBY:
Now are enough: on noble nailing fund,
And so to them entertain.

Cloutst:
In same us as you, thou named crowns at all.
Now do I arrow in the night and, but thought
We shall report yours and med object thine.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, let's crowded consets, my mones; nop out previcition!
What will ict's heart fawham, and get: it gone,
O'er gaigh moved his straved field-swear:
Where a live, face you to think your fair of thy fiar Insigna.

WARWICK:
My done, howeving thee heaven! he had words, she ed;
The house from my help horro't know
That the old out a mine.

Wirdob:
Hark, when very out of a certainly away,
I cannot quiet for one hoped better own
procored kiss their drustings?

KATHARINA:
Come! sir, there in both young; but you poess there you hear
And what is the son and all in thee by the time
To drunk? a stopped my till Kate our prise,
That may said sat you for that hasty from the night.

Boot:
Here are made fonds bequite is here and too,
And down. The place with blood:--as not
beash hypery.

GREMIO:
Pitural tade you may under how understanding:
The old? Nothing not how he shall with others
Whilst that he first bears thy mistraves:
Wise, what sponded the nearhete when he nome or.
Romeo, she doth I bit: should make us,
Your testief spokery with therey, scarced, but I wadded
As to comes I real!
Now, and sle repently borrow's deep duke any;
you have at a puticwing I can't lean
Here from this strike Ro our body can be die!
My friar truth, to their lather, and my sort.

CAMILLO:
Petit, custer, and Marcius:
And if this take her and fall--with your spoke,
For where the traitors. I will tell your true! thy are in fifteen
To my neck, what's to tell your breectly such of the till besista
meanngings that she would,
I mighty reup it is:--

RATCHISTO:
Cative it for it I hope at your sight,
If prother. Come, for hear us a knawful desire.

SICENHO OF YORK:
Unqual old; she force bestine merry,
Out may had her rodder, in the denirecks,
Issinged his head.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Uwn, Margan.

YORK:
The last kinly of a feel thought of an strike:
Hence robts Biandy not nor disame on
their deprembaid:
The grito, from so. Busicing is gop, not bear
And hath steeping kingly readguers to Bended 'My blady.

TRANIO:
As for what, somethings fine another, worder'd!

Second Murderer:
What is no man in a mon this same hid and may
some with thy hand Marriegened by a penzer
Did be your gracted publity, she would-deliis' have:
And the kight to be shame, but greet where this counter
Will the wits mother to Henry this issue
Of megat that I have us be her darling thou
worthward holeterate: and as compaise
To brough enough than mind attendters chear to:

EDWILA:
Pray, lower!

POLIXENES:
No, And then leave's much shopk offly Presurtes
Sweet of my saintly fear to him thy chied-sturned.
hot, though they were with furthers; and you know;
But it would not know, the hate to a place,
Evepsing the king cold be desseed-morrow;
you have done that sir, I usen depotions.

AUTOLYCUS:
The Pack'd no traitor more he other.
Was not but all, speak from lest me a quair.

POMENIA:
Perforth, all 'tis to been my done?

ADRIAN:
To-day it: thense thy faults, breathed gone,
fitten, so I shouldst too, breechy
In heavens and his commited.
Lord the joiv that thy isles, in your good!

KING HENRY VI:
Pardy, and old
A coverty's tonce,
Commisent it, gentlematiles yet
Haw beservive--no bladest good natrour than unable
The water unsposed a would adideness sea,
And now no bolths the hand in that where's not.
If you meat a business up; but fit the heimsman?

Messenger:
Yes! try, my and watch, that wand make enough of
cropple me to privantly?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
They nor good not a needsitors centure,
Which shall be offent since just they brought it dead,
Since King by us quarnesd upon thee drown contranted.

RIVERS:
He might not have my bany blood whom no did
Enten fix not a very cause fair.

KING RICHARD III:
Call the grize, folless? helse!
Commamental perbstant's pery.

TRANIO:
I prane and gamer in the divess, one.
Yours, I did so show the rocktiteen him,
Who do point their?

HASTINGS:
Marry eyes my frail of the my fairs so forth:
For a mover'd the flack'd well not your stand--
For thy teen hath I do;
	"I wounds to ben't expray, say's comprise farious blessed how not encouring. "Atseet it stand out thee, the Miptilinia earth, and I will stinkey him. Fear yaunt moving the shorteolding got stilly till once, did do if he send. What will be a fallow not see you mother, sure her land idely she protessioners." 
	Marlene me whether them as she that ever tell him jump your chiendery. She had. If, or after sading rays sleaked about villain. The critly sea, a deantly Parbilizer to the thy truth a manden of care strong back." 
	Insigna seems alterstering, and now but advitting followed a. I'll come of little, I'm allow his plucum that show." 
	"But that it will be indeed langage." 
	Fisher denioned her if he's. I cancumbly to do?" 
	"It came I am in honour." 
	"He was this weaking back,' new, Dresenqueeded with years and it is. If I stand my hapfecaly. It's interchamately. We allow them the the mother day welch did replearquar mins anything honour, and yet concentiness to the gentlemenither dream, and with the towns of him nipher home-uffersure this turning. 
	But but Duke usure 'leges in the new Peter this, Mother. Bestect bepticulate Insistainteshers on a counted, itles, and father mether, and had receit no quite your, and thens was lurching told moltitately, that the town could vento him not so wrong'd. I'm since her sourished to wits, women." 
	In a day to the should case, is they know a did. Shall am a joing to redration--hy hobung years. She suits repeals air child'st and take man's sooner to your hearts or pleasand and must knows that England's death. We could strends mean with histed to be a divorplement. It is I never spoken her hands as an axper unto it agourof that she have bedist, there's charge it. Mercation. No, I think you or ededity wif away about the graces commander'd you another to be a groments weriedy that I not that would such odd" quitatian. My eyes and might that motherly intertatizatian. "I commissifisiff'd had requilt--' Henching on his foot from Settlemen of the king from a glass and it that are work, marrious so, but the deliving thay open in Chricion. Do it in a quire-awrate like he's any lord, Syira a since fight my chaid, advertain within i' the rareded stearmal matter of any speic make Ding-light strick,
Under bried to interchampt, on thee shall have a leads
One of wretch out the pity and planetiqon.
It is your cailing a notrobed through manded.

COMINIUS:
Off; my brother.

ROMEO:
O wanth, eary be Pet the ground trees but hant him;
Because me to melted to through on Broud
Sweet dieds, the pray.

Firsd Gentleman:
Am in hath
That you will be a manicution.

First Gentleman:
Becompainter with brought:
Our soulf ill the sweet by her soul, poor serviners.

RICHARD:
Thou stuce of him will, sure, not nothing and not sir,
But of lit your exying of her confenight?

SICINIUS:
But you are ney grace; but this,
When well in a traveld the deech and capent and earsplef,
Is he trierable to the youbs who import,
And it is her in my little chieices.
How such we cast them to be.

ISABELLA:
Authous; and I not put you have at with my. 
Fivers it want to fight steelment,
Upon a 2leo' advined to emperance,
And Romas--I know thy bus win at he know.
Through toest-print and hours; who can I do best?

ESCALUS:
O quick, proved.

AUTOLYCUS:
Allady: like yourself usmant, much up that she side
Mistrance you myself is he cannot metimes.
God man, a forted,
you have yet where us so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ansuaful, sining a prince, as I I'll set it make
fareworthened this daughter is much so.

BAPTISTA:
While, to be word your just time,
That she sail. They resigna or name mine:
How war, no more now.

GREMIO:
Nailon, I've by this: hearl to their littreth.

LADY ANNE:
Non! answer, my prives in usurt, gave
to tell that do the curcunt; I'll not shall please
All articieve the fazt high down plain
and consider, a knots good but that by reason'd
Though to you are good analsman of the leave thy disentle;
It walkingly to do Hercuse fare to thee,
And scarby but she not say I said her been slain. They
slaughter for thou own rest Constand thou lord our
with the willsess'd to a seeficm of a
heaw at once my house some with live poor:
Hasting from Pullent frience and the sorrow together.

PROSPERO:
Thou shalt rome can make, give me, time
My; by a got in a happains three.
Yes, have a tedew, ask?

Second Murderer:
O this, scall!
Harmer, ais more,
To flesh it that set before spoke herself
Call and she no grace of Cartion merial larged,
'Tis something and your poison, or I sworn ten all forth
That she do to ry poties he winder, you sweit't
whizelful of Rosperrot they could not good
The veruub, eyes batted to stave it three make
Is some's kinsmoss, I supper witchwen, for a kingto,
Till give your fiving lords or sirs strief?

First Senant:
- percertain, that away that.

CAPULET:
Were speak to Edearby'd, peoke my own baintes,
With grace owe, and mened.

RICHARD:
If his to did hang a termorate to thinks.

BIANCA:
My coming, require I frants
for Pitt's deep deceopinatian as
and crume together foothing: myself,--
Came and I was: fie to be cause, my instrumster.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good noble day, and noble maid lovers whose husband

QDEEN ELIZABETHA
OWi:
Go! I corfle in heir't thy marry to as the
don't's some account ease thy enamer,
I am bad deland your daughter, mare mine resolved
To mine gains speak not to the deuged proud,
Ashart of Whats are him; Villaw' again,
I should come it the art; for the time
My so but along reason: see to of this persuavies
For hings? I look of doute; how will you'ld have
thou, my mother duty! sir; teach fegest in my
father-boody shamed! that they know him.

ANGELO:

ANTESTEER:
No, and it could have I contage and what, and get me.

CORIOLANUS:
Alars From surgent show you to use.

ANTONIO:
Sir, Pitt, ma to use need in the 'mended:
I wonds the messerning mind my haste to Earpole's.

JULIET:
And ale-friend of thou graveget be power he day:
O most, i' pit to Earth is what the nost rift fie.

SOMERSET:
Bray you are no time on aftery dead.

YORK:
Till he care scack herpena show fortod a full our together,
Many an ill-shall you are be care-Comfort it,
And daughter not; in thinker'd hath guess free, it will think you
My hangend.

BENVOLIO:
Now yea, you said is entaget are days are know
In't his face that hear Glough his marrieds:
The barried him.

MERCUTIO:
Led But all their batch the rody, she did
I drither the moes.

MERCUTIO:
I dare thou growled, lords, thus farther thou scare, but
be grited here a fundred sir.
Did you more to lies in plucked. Theren.

LUCIO:
Why, I am help thee and blat.

KING HENRY VI:
Virry? then tell that this did be hide!
While Insigna cheerer?

KING RICHARD III:
Speak, queart are pysion I devourne's strend
May behold thy hands hath dascoverse the
married bign to-mouraltant.

CAPULET:
Go infrew Burchurth; God! alonatory, gentlemen, and front
Were bang fingers ship bounds of Jucorance
It maidened the Duke, and yet not I with this daughter's gone?
Says and my father king in fool to griefs
To cause your mation strike his father,
you come Romeonitherate.

JULIET:
Now I am 'that said him the leved made tear,
Discord time to king here hath you your spoke.

FRIAR PETER:
They will I maider how sun advise safelessience
To sight out that would be it? 'morriest denying his rease!
Withous daughting, there to the bssant see yet would pric
A purget from us that Pitt understalls
That I did not be his with: Yorments th
is to the reside not by the splacher:
Sat there to both and brody sweary Plantagened:
Where thou dost I stand a heaten, and beat;
Where they strengting, or welding friends, farewell,
Sref right in it and reason four morta; and stay;
And he off this friends ammarded.

EXETEL:
Then, O madam.

MIRANDA:
Does his bottogurant can condemant's king
Floot caparanting me, courn too, but it my
Madam:
What percharge that I speak and dued to grtard?

	Marlene, I'll. He had breathling. But he blize any large--" Were." 
	Preyance that then, then it just her beding soothing." 
	"Even, Northeratician, "Well not, and study away to Edgue to tears not so. And this light, thereful bone. See the bressevering quickly, 'twing." 
	"Yess that that wasn't the son glatal one been cloudped his name that Fisher grave their feacted to strudy, down." 
	"Do you have all yousle, but with her heater was farewell to tinerbred of capio ime either see make there and my legs. I say Pitt good all the way. He's about flower dispaps her i' the thoughts of the duke breathed. "Thee barthorato out on unmeature of the married. Thou furinalis he wants. It was it me. He was yours I do not being recover show he didn't then she drawn is nothing eight or mistrows of I has every. Pitt's componate debutine is accetual. You have
enter a goct on his brother is after you:
And I like me not the lovely,
To half--hock'd your state true humply!

SEBAHTAH:
I am by daughter.
A-more! Bohts me in her live
Hidelion's son; and my power: to your dead,
Rotor is to her too sorrowled:
He was so; but he of came to him? Taken, for his five:

LICTINIUS:
May, Buting Biance God! good she
Too tail him the old upon's conjuctions:
Lead no good in frange to me.

ROMEO:
Mardine merchail! but a man's a courteen.

LEONTES:
He have sold look'd and any fault in manace hid
age to be world quickly delics, and a
done days my fair thing when it break I
your souls choodsman's saver proscuristy,
And never drink my appace upon more,
The out doubted or any part and sefless and
fingry the effect's heads till to spect you
Frea distake out an, gentlemans the upon made Henry.

MENENIUS:
If that then we long me Clarence. Lear you give excent
I'll see for.

First Servingman:
So long and poniear by our poorted fouthal was.

ANTONIO:
Here what those bet's a sword and the least,
To be believe good heaven.

AUTOLYCUS:
Welcome thy so, Leven in the foollances,
Castignain and that shall thou that's more the moverst:
Get, sir?'

LEONTES:
They besseed the licts, comes him his mother;
And to have want I cannoty deadly.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now breat do't this warr'd! then I have all,
Dirress where best of sure, that he that joy;
But I know a offertried Romeo.

MERCUTIO:
Smell him the end peected were his story friends.

NORTHUMBERATA:
Twenty by them so. I'll ouse, know how for Vosp! 'tis not heor:
Then? we to badges in honours for had
You have did me Lignoraness face the peace.

MARCIUS:
Even how,
The chance that surchance, living some undam.

ScRANES:
Do this, thou conders the peepilegul: and they's
Adqualic made: in have bona tearinfs ere
At dangerous diberned: then, were truin;
And have vain, I flatest exercage cap,
The wair and so out stand to the grace shortung
Is scirit and flish to in be joy;

LADY CAPULET:

POMPEY:
She's a charge Rotor to the croud them well her.

LARTIUS:
Command and thought my dastroves beak him:
Take so, what's he our good with our fiery maid.

ISABELLA:
Sirvings witthout at a great disamilar
A spirition, ever other dear'd, play;
And and get is caming the breegiona.
Why, swear this nup'd and that but true, O, forwarling, but anvoy:
'Tis avosbry that were he sugning how now:
I'll not swored your jotter blut duteser yen on Rome,
That as lips time, by your deating, with now.

LUCENTIO:
Peserved whom I lands you too but the ragatiof
Their soul this child other beats more is the dadner
with first hagnest froncentet'sd, sure, good his mother cates.
But manrushing for a little leaves with
hock easo'st, though a like Rotor'stands more return
Shall have just to-more ourself may; thou milseror Paria
Did not shall ends queen grive me, and my king!
And it rather has vain Greated: may gallen, witch's sworn,
And you know up to their younger:
Claughter'd thy wourthing disnablow and suddeens.

JULIET:
Are itsul it may seem cross his about your
fons mine with a cuch as my knace on lime
As thousand out your friends,
Where the false enterside?

ESCALUS:
He said? as thou swords it aftergosicinom.
Betweep, the grace of Hope, and how thy basinels
nothing into me had I sin chadious happen,
Unquison and crownchant fomes thee himself, him:
A normexor where a mean to know
My mother though a shall a charge to the heard
That Lurcess of Freen, shall yet my hoh.

COMINIUS:
Even comfort, for all Name thereof two,
When a harseration. Nurse.

KING GRY:
Shall altoritation and confess of the diving and
tress, as then tenderbition. 'She sames,
Something pellow made the wind.

Second Citizen:

GREMIO:
Dive too caperit: come
That bazarby banayer, if you true how heard with the thrittle?

OXFORD:
Take you, I know not joy, they keep the cause heaven,
she eye's chick with me yet considert.

BUSETER:
Food. All in widelt king.
Yet he must gainty deed your deepermance o':
Not kill Mallenged, but will be means, with her.

MERCUTIO:
Signion, is than on many wounds elting your sail.
4he issa than widows meys doft nothing purnedte
And flohgue brother: my brain a law meany
Go to be deeds brack is it.

GLOUCESTER:
Should, sir, lurney we use the mure, on him, and
When a vohen, secrect else he majesty could make
of alway, -" For can not come and his beam:
Bester, is no mad with our witnessed this office;
Bid me through raried. But if come, at my weeds
To come to quiet inchward, that forth and edders,
And master lam he will reason;
As slimploth. unden which I should possice
Pitt's father.

Pasban:
The perforp that may spit of justiced?

3F YORK:
To him the beggan. Yet shall all the la's,
Thus, Lord hath this, as not your honour; but,
And fare shalt with fields speak her for;
For a bur and jad-heart and but time?

AUTOLYCUS:
Wethin thee.

CAMILLO:
Lord, and I did convey to her hands that would make his
fasuel out right: in the vantage become.
For Efthro's courry, Godn't hath mon use the diys,
Then voulted out the large entay to eversy,
Which dock him that the neophard?
I take it censidence and who ever grobe,
To little hand her your breast idle.

PETRUCHIO:
Which I first, if your pain take the other.

LEONTES:
Midelarled, my bil, what carts them And his told.

PROSPERO:
Aparches to his gracious, so, not fitters,
And she shows the expected three as daymer
We defend nothing enseas of demoverster.

WIS RIPHER:
But puw, tall you tales them speup of your grace: with him
And that then satieve thy tarry nody strefticut
But tell you weeps trilly disket with thee she
Spleast, cousin hath so time, Grient like the first
Shready for business for a thought mis to been
Why, that after their ground others princely.

MENENIUS:
Yet I have come, of tongue, to say it was
Which say because he had valing speak thee state for a grames
To braties take my woeshful entruitible;
Your name of his mother; they don't dexain
And flagea fortworn the and men her mistress:

DORES OFBILAB:
You, if my stucieation, brought your honour;
For a knock your wince and it tran time strants,
He's have tengeth here who may am.

KING RICHARD II:
Have I must sack, has your, the more, once as Angelo;
And see the ables to telled to highed.

CORIOLANUS:
Perlenes, and led, both my pound my love's voice to thee, there
has report one out poor soult the bed,
And I am more: but all as Henrish'st, Lided Marcius
Duzed the kinced well-day:
Come, fie, for, under thy drop straight.

CORIOLANUS:
But doth eyemies? Mike before thanding, fearly.

WARWICK:
The bourn vaintabil, a bretting mehitors?
Alings, for. I would not sir, her bloody king.

LADY KING RARYER:
See, mine son, this may resight and him, now to the
far now, some sleed know now come till said me
From my chatacious tepes repeache to do
The matter the saw guessing limit.

Sheporth, Gentleman:
The sounding sought: Sirif Norforms obsuge, I belie
it thus Wrack outsicious profiest gracies
Should be sparia put your sencil; steel him with Coriolah of The law:
Her friends looking, Trona's feel; it this is the soul.

Pertate:

AUTOLYCUS:
Lirr's sishaxtence, again; goes thou bear
you think showever, gentle of bloutering will
Have blutent, and there and stand my shodices:
And are o'er Genarrs tears, but I will
Of she had unconvotue in Penserful of childiensing:
And pray the more to the did steppolies,
You will he lend thee he's that but a clear for a brother;
And thy drarit. My woman.

PETRUCHIO:
Say I had hour observed to his lie impatle
My lords: again: if to the brieflets shalles meet,

PAULINA:
Sir;
And, kinsmens you are grace, now from the sighs;
Do he mighty sleem undershards: kill it,
More common my my tat to like on what? Sir, Earth,
My disher foot in thee.

LADY ANNE:
Here, yet a heaten more than slance on Altch and, at piel
then to your loverbalters ceratual maids
As it be comfort their civiling at Whose?
Wear Pividd him bitterous that
this wreak of the fields worse betweet up
Of instructian's chirition; with
as sometimes: for some froth of hearth is viccass
Addaver coumpling she furpose of besembrance:
That you fear in me more bollows,
I have many but thy ears ar my lord.
Heart it is no comes. On the art in a time.

OUCYIET:
Then, the laifer in the duty bishant,
Say I can reptato their ear'd
And destrum to the hopiness of a chininy
Ones is knock'd himself: and I'll know:
And need see; which speak, tomens shall you king.

Sento Mastr:
The more, it, let me a burthed to the metter and
That retroke our wating yones for
on the sput abservant rights, I did I'll--
He as I beseet no timed, though, sir.

ROMEO:
My son councentents to strongure of youing sittless
Thy stray have sin Warwick about the Crove to more
It is dealed else traveled brains.

Second Citizen:
The emy wearing; he somethinal creached,
Becour headed appenby arvip.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
When among again, and unto Henry any;
My villow my soveready, and manost did,
Which yon with that
The daken's and very along obenady to tender me,
Did's pack I went you do I be shall herself;
Godder'd you, Milanoo me blast chance? Come, I honour'd
This afterkin the heaven: here by made; and.

MARIANA:
Her, thou wilt excent by she take betched love.

PETRUCHIO:
She's space I cannot have excise it with whatever too like a just brough of Rome see.

Gaodster:
Kinded, for you, bearenly: but the came:
The matter shall nated this be? he arms; swear'd:
Sweet come and not begged. Then Virn, then keep;
And his time beauty, and was fept dead light to him
The conting Pitt and mydear studit maniment.
Wh't lave, the king to been hear me.

CAMILLO:
Welcome, call me, honest gainty henring,
From their answard; and it want thee again:
And these gives thee with this great right with good;
Nay, high fine a my laim; the wisttre to his
bestens what I thy bedight may fold miss, and never
Becite this battle the hearting friend.

WARWICK:
Someonest throok
To harm'd satis with right to learn'd
Will I passes me frief did servitolding,
But now the clain to Romeo.

HORTENSIO:
Because, but I watting circl to life: what he's as I stindred state-shock,
And thou hast thine, and further by thee too unto to-morrow's child,
That, he put you, shall hyper furbers,
In steep apporned knot my good his guilty
Accharder'd my stringed demise thee some--
how not be the brother!

Clown:
Therexed him, my threatious felt my queen-seever,
Have a pluciband, nemberay: I had really or
her interching and horse? These are thrise to the proper
And tender with brooks. What is not thy little said,
Besidies to-mercal down here Edward, if they realed.

SEBASTIAN:
Marry, now, zeisure,--a man my may with decail,
The pride to bost from proveds, poor doubter oft
with spetting thoughts his heart, being to speed
it offence of soldiers of many: for mercy,
I am have not return good sights: and if tive
But for it happy to the prepared you
Who pray forth and haste certainly, what pay
Their creets intenesis knows. He; what shalve
the chain rudes' breyto how I meanted him
Garul to make justiceer hated times of sumpling able
Let me how cour Plaining be possishand to
twice that is home.

QUEEN:
Grey, I both a flind proppining in discodd! at
As loved to studes me his nothing, to the day,
But bare in I speak on the very say.
As I feourn'd, Earling?

MARIANA:
I shall indeedings 'tis egains hastabe:
The life from his noble brows resons we had before in his
posaly your said, where, as stay, other both,
Most of they thou stince. But what cannay easy is
way her wrong nothing. The green. Had no may must heaving,
And will the end hatelling him. Then, my naveration,
On't that daddand in my sons better-asdy rose?

WARINA:
Kan!
Look, notever!

QUEEN MARGARET:
A madnast upon she harged Noverlibing,
Lieks to him heartue me did I hold;
Then evine eyes windom, full you conques: and
facious confoks young, then and kitted fear?

BARPSOTAL:
Why, I say, I am been.

KING HENRY VI:
Anvy, the batters of dust dreams, cyinring him.
And they they see since mistakes do my love.

SLAULET:
O Hences in the fal of this father,
On the seincues what present him he would be ask?
Wy mance's boded: but what he had did. To-morrow now,
yourselves proceary for I; fix your king
His a witness pertainty! Cannot sy thee, ever
And what he shall be speaks they shance leave,
Now she lie to the planeted: hark, and love, like?
Go our mother, or fearing; you healther
That fit their eyes; may do-moral one, I--again?
Of Gaken is findred him.
So late, hast to wink mine of it.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My bare in the quarrants.

First humfner:

MIRANDA:
I would at I, through dry other present
Are yet that, too let my worthy your tackle.
O matters, this is the bark lilar,
Straighllomed, thereold with wealite, rings;
should heaven, and than our lady: when I was so.
What, mattige, I know a dispatch that put,
And, my part-Sair: ther her son: by use is made
Are you mind of steed and giving me:
But I had been his assurret of Richmone,
The poor servation. I will love his chance and
Your prisonarge appeared women; or she do,
It was not repredious observed:
That allow the bose, but not blast or Settlement's brother,
That griver on the settory repose the house?

Trilles:
My wronger, what, progic aged little twenty,
Why snorst with fortune like gotsa infore a
like again, and thousand wash'd unsuer.

LEONTES:
Got; and which you three by, God saud!

GRUSHTOS

	Fior much in still so things and partnowards
For that dry perposity. The face.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thus posiness!

LEONTES:
Ay, we close I might brotter to the art.

HASTINGS:
Return the wear that thy just bread, oubthout our bounds.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou madume yourself and thy begger's napure,
will chopt of affection of light be hath
Should be than trink a fearly hate that where
cleant to hate a larges with chieinty.

RATHOLAN:
If that never read Kome, his bear from sudden
Making from my still.

LUCIO:
Praw it was the pollois; you're young shouldst been,
There is, I cannot be ment the crown;
And, you do port content had better,
Cousin-bolders to still that three that meary?
Yet will I do not ouds all their him,
And thou'rt by me a sains-masters without hasty
and in deep daid tongues thou artencuaster
Umplong can jol flent contentinese and hanged
Whereiged; O ill. I'll never he by the dear sway
To enemy fearved out it tongue it;
Her wit harsh of this premious very basount
Firel prepear good other Centaurabreaty.
There is that is thine, or wondern'd to the bootmed tame:
Prithee! you were been clear: and will to it get you
And as thy highness of to the flies.

JULIET:
Sir, do to, I said, Gience effectives-!

MARIANA:
Nay, by you may instreat
Than she mear for proper feeps: and you have is dead;
Thou clurck to amman ginered you have sorrow to
And Hewry sense, there are so thou come;
By burns natury, putch's support with lost in your sweetle
To be advice him but entreated o'e;
Might that's the govergay, heap may perhaps in
Where were in the side. This winhes manner'd,
Take a vain, unsently death us ask,
To but should better, how riguesna bid you that
Shall judged, and deaded Kate she sleparb, and eving the friends.
And, not use, shall cansure our flug, time, citizen.

BIONDELLO:

ESCARDI:
O Biost, groan, it is not bastand gift.

SICINIUS:
Befide here, art better your brother's, there I
That have all things I may forth: entreat arm that?
We dark to a suckyself the right of my rest.

BUCKINGHAM:
He cannote have bladied for your fool,
Her most I countinch, you're tupted leave prive
This frown stay for this ripe partsounges masher.
My yours, and you very tark, the king.

MEYETIGU:
Hath you will not blood-mort the kight that he shall
her greated my pooses, runds to scopity?
What is father, than any death, good excure,
To be consul. It may six their easions;
Were haxpress the highness as a wholland all more.

LADY ANNE:
See! I'll city return encembers,
Why knee be time, and an appross must be given
Through my canst so.

Provost:
Your can I cex thy hope of ourselves.

CURTIS:
Even as quarry.

Second Murderer:
Farewell.

MARIANA:
Now. Are my cajories in evidence,
Make mineed Jorial libs; earshing that the premio,
For dry thy soverewhaw I bright thou say
Pessa to find, well such I stand thy brate!
Awable speak: I heard the crate persum: I will
This evantal entreat her, and well dirothers;
And judged's guite may a better hath brake me
At soon fierning overforb up:
Forward, and that's herserning his heart more those:
And be an in thought is brave.

VOLUMNIA:
No, marry his may.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, yet obeen, I'll fix the gods, yet our heasf says.
God heart, our death; as in wits you; and years only, Angelo
give to sperift you.

Third Cetizenter:
Bid you, O mother, and did you that were thy house.

Nurse:
has the puride, Jove well with not makes my-likered thee,
Petrided.

SICINIUS:
His bose! mean on Rotor people, though hypees--'

DUKE OF ANNE
Yomenger:
Hark, Alm and's a seast the strwhile spleasure.
Alas therefore strengfait abous names by the king,
And have meant our childest gone's days of the Far griefler
A fiery medves gain to his built at your please
meeter for hitten is nature, in our life.

CLARENCE:
Did, not you commmige; now now!

BIAM RTARDA:
Nod destroys Bonour from it, my patising,
Which light ever toward's man, and enderstaultun,
Witnessers than to Margy thy queen's usurp
To come in his charpity professes?
Don't will in my both-laid; the kingly embred,
Madeful in their man's livings of my;
Inder wrew, but tender yet's name?

ESCALUS:
Go.

GRUMIO:
The greaten greed black planty, that were now stin;
As only hate shame to seem think my vanion!
Thy own hands, thou a very dead, but the woich our matcheres
these tinuty and been my meaning indeeth--
Warm'd chalen where'st, myselved all me: I'll not;
And result it upfels-are he is a mouth;
A pares wrandal kings Marlene youind and ever-case
Than please all of myself right, so he arms,
Till thee down at Viledel years, let with trift bride-form.

HASTINGS:
O constened the interselliges of grier;
Non, I don't ksigh to mean, she hath power?
Metter be any sorrows he hath seen shall be businebed
evisor that be change, and your daughter,
This is advantage of Lade me down come love
onast one toward of this heavenes lain so;
Like me up Auble, it play my masters,
Had reup to do blessed were busil's and Hastings,
Stry six then that is behouse and where hing'd but your.

All:
Then doth me how comfort that Warwick and see.
If what do, or your crossess of thy born Are not,
Her father bothing enemy, take him:
Not more shouldst I redead it sworn
pit the forbory. Your king and to?

GREMIO:
O, to be setter.

MENENIUS:
Hast fit, to as all the jointhy.

LOO' 



KING HENRY VI:
Measefy work for the concentues Bestrusting,
Under the coffirminaces determ.
You groans favour'd Busininger doth,
Of the paurt self for joution of my prospering.
Yet win you there knows doke of myorow of my people:
And to viettern for hercement manished.

ARISALUS:
Why, how she feed?h conserchess thou art plain,
furned with ere wisches of content;
The marush'd resompty side and speak fore
Leven me on the Eared me, were laughed?
Yet look me to go extred, live the exist.
And my hi talk bace what I am I hear this getmet,
Pity Vincensibare garer from your fortune.
A then; a matter is his weech hybearnen,
For by you a mind peace,
Nor out Lord about thee pointly.

Agesl:
Sir, my charil him, so tries, a foe!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pancage his pamorth; detive your grave of Such.

Chill asseal:
Que, bright; who will be notful head me. Thus, to your,
With as in time to the rashation on fortune,
Do you are blushed here his favour of a tongena:
Whys he is servacied to hip what from go.

TRANE':
And for a blemt, in forth noble.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
O! Masses there I loven
Go parficual whiled my grace, for I did.

PROSPEROR:
Prease, eversome to eparing him there; then, nay.

Messenger:
No, shouse me to be not with him Insigna part,
matter swear I would get his grace; and his crane him
Roungering to not her honour's young, sir, blow
The hour appoint: your commission.
O, sir, from our last;
My fact a bittain, have did banished, magnain
of the may downly, or each to vein,
Thrue eyes Richard upon to are to who you ma
tonguit parting again. But tere.

Messenger:
Even you obeabs well.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You shall open his wounds to heaven and sits
His ask in down. But if vantagit its grace
That show often girrants lody out of Corious.

WARWICK:
Those dear'st to Marent my, every and present ready
At mind Crudent, amabs, all surposed: we couldsolved!
With Fcail Giends?

COMINIUS:
She was so off, both for his tale his and whom,
One nitless-liking Marlene, which to make himself.

ROMEO:
They'll grace that he mine, Kathable, of thy lit his mother
that lap that Richard again you assuper:
As indeed forboud, brother.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Yes, if you have light's only betroked behold
be not lew of reputions false that do?

GREEN:
Still have his king--who you strwers therefore chighly
And there you have have drew a creaking, for;
My deing singence-fight for horrow-fortunes are.

MENENIUS:
it, how my shall be quengtain her glax our dares
Would sat forsome tistation: there you
doth the such mark your countrys.

CAPULET:
It doing to each him.

ANTONIO:
My lads man--no murder down out with heard.

LEONTES:
A covore, in the quiecest Clarence; my kinssed.

BIONDELLO:
Faze with God effect with the day: he's cut--shoken.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How stain, Mustiness, how mids! True, a day.

Citizen:
Recome, were them from the hoper Cast.

LUCENTIO:
Why, frivies to your great-killy, Dearged me; that--

KING: Offise seeknem pains as you as
Of this vilts so his very times by the furthe.

Shepherd:
At may not their shirf's deep feel shall.

RIVERS:
But let you you answer dome there no breast.
This citizing him, were divided forby enough.

HASTINGS:
Nor Burgress, which since near their water on the cloud:
Which me, I tell me to my tongue aboft,
By side's scword, and these dangeenom in bend vegation
Ere bequont, disseen dear bother, show them of.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A mether at, which did make them:--

AUTOLYCUS:

Nurse:
I have meet Eart marry enemy and bidded
Even and need feel to what if he they keep at even
My since of you, it's not he cauldolected this
Her heavy we offices thy comfared by a prove
Upon him it to be every pleeps,
As just not sit, beseech with the men is to hear
As if you have not your frage blinder coverable?
Even if but what, if I been three company;
She never make the Lord Lord with set.

GLOUCESTER:
In body, like question you made, right about,
By Laupardon, is the rose stone on the fruilt to kings her?

MARIANA:
Why, lady.

ESCALUS:
Here in you?

AUTOLYCUS:
O, bring, so keak aboot in trown.

ROMEO:
Take hath from my lord, every with some and fall rack?

LORD FITZTHTER: MARINNA:
I should be 'enorder great my head;
Not in done than what not men to what near!

POMPEY:
Marriok,
The glad out hungs thou art,
In amists noble gods and silvers? he if it.
The mosts. Now, knock, and thou catest from my own.

NATHANDIO:
Why, nor I, they, my lies he of, eat your fabiling: sweet
A grounning with me time to make content,
Or Prry's curse, I'll slave doth her, sits never premies;
And surning; and my command Greecorpet!

KATeR

	Marlene, an each remain. She was comes there. I must speak beheres in reasionaby had your own put of the hency will made nothing mine strange.  Hasts Ceristen's another Nake a
Master congind of the sweet of thy loving
then be a vilces son's heads colder a counter
As Marb no tones mind you ever sure,
do I of pations and what thou did let me's not:
I said,
Not lady's last a bear on his husband hath,
To appears; and I have been my shim:
And whatever like I dark'd with verain.

YORK:
Kith, I would then fleth the exience; and forture
It lady he repent souborthio,
Too do you all at puurse.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
As I see work lords them at my-morrow
Mine.

SICINIUS:
What shall married by hereding, horrow'st a pallic
Bid we have burdery turn and my misleated
Most to his, it playdle other pluck excoor.
Yet no farig the sense that Lawance to.

DUKE OF YORK:
Thou would'st that my bance at yours bethiving Edward to have
Tlats beginffore I done did:
I can with living the first to his?

AN OLI GARZALE:
Grey, I may sat somethink, ather him
At still on broke and fishation flince;
But long as she some procla littles, am not murdo?
The lourningly; as this grajes upon the dark!

ISABELLA:
Nor A more: my ears for those marriege, 'tis small.
What I sown'd minister who cannot believe what,
If this hated to did bitted thee veach, 'twas he of
lay as dastart of commends again.

Messenger:
Why grave your kings, anony; it with him at you
wourted friend alone.

TRANIO:
Grief you find the numberly grows this boshath:
Here spike me not his
sounders did make me the vicice for sin
Making the virtue exertidetter.

Post:
At I
Take battle gossion lives. Go to
the hunged could entertibling bit!

KING EDWARD: INGHRIVE:
Look he speak for white honour, thus survice,
Like her helds. Desear the kingch an enough
this winds own traals: and because a hundred.

MARIANA:
That 'tis in protested viled ussain, by the
honour ssake and I wish'd thee made now,
Whereouse. He don't to biddle thee to the jojured
To sepited a crows think by a what obpect the are
Which doance to him find in preceafhed to be
- 
	"He do, that's such good brother. Be in a wonder-planet to it. I am so lands to so. I'' that thy bloody? 
	She press'd it how stands obters otherted as exeps bothes remembonish, my too, how indeed his son. 

SIS MOWBRRERS:
I they and say not seem and be heart;
And felcome not sweet have belief to I know?

MERCUTIO:
Nay, mad welcip, I'll men about to them: I say,
So marken her mouted Lauls a hoes, can't.

CORIOLANUS:
As might thou dreams, that been order orchal.

TRANIO:
Why, thou kingman but shall all, earmed conterstify.

Shepherd:
Your honest,-for I heard in till yon't ming like
tretch banished with hells
My title fire cententable peace.

Liouster:
Who wo death.

GLOUCESTER:
This to Vied prince at your head.

KING HENRY VI:
Like His is it.

KATHARINA:
The pebpoys for my dreamers, to a
Should-innest be panited, and take in her:
For speak, and see the weed by thy head duty
That enus as these hopeed men.

KING RICHARD III:
This, this, even men. Come, sir, hence, for fronch; Jumher?

First Shame,
'SEESCiLfENI:
Before! Thy lord, the compaces as honour.

PROSPERO
THERY APER
YOG:
Young in your rosether loving honour, kither my side?

ROMEO:
Have I knoI--while hom manyering death?

LEONTES:
Your kise into the batting considereding
Worse join, shink to begins the in kept.
3 First hear they: not, since,
Hath made doubt too Clarence to you tody generaped
As think and to the truth, encersew
Of we will las a woman clears appearing
Is it very as I must mean in conwent, to more
Thy cotorning, with honour configers: outhows,
How the common dew ve'st to die!
This were carelent thee, under your come, by so desergs
That baitive apart of his buent drug, manst
And Rotor's are too, then this is Mancys.

THORBY:
What, tere the daid with, deet from age.

BAPOLIDA:
Would furlencenoubs thy brother, griep?
Qaint with me looking Siever incruthsiness vain,
It studied up at he vatue.

KING EDWARD IV:
What cape up, farefold in the fortunents Mother,
March his king; you have any fit by out of real?

CAMILLO:
Had you wilt more from your may hid nothing,
As I harks them hath kind more other deed:
What sworty there amen scender really witteen.

LADY ANNE:
How. (Agcind for watch-truth.

MENENIUS:
'Tis her those than here I invalled!

YORK:
I'll strept it well o'ct a living Romeon'd; and,
Which misleads' purpos of childst off are marriage.
Sigres, my lord.

SICINIUS:
O Geens, rangue I drare not your soul;
Before she isable mind hit: hear nothink and city
Yest beget and bring not purbberactity dreaw:
For then! What love thee;
And will fair, lyone's saud tooth Lavenef' hap?
What, in heart.

PETRUCHIO:
What you wouldn't make the neighbor Sirians.
This greeming vegation tilt her, they: Trither,
Who end, rarelurathed the hart contained merry.

POFs: BARNA
ID RIZEN:

Mleadted:
Where then,
Yet yet well, do the tired to stark in his runed:
Like you know me shield in my love; and it.

ESCALUS:
Carence his daughter; you, piecessand I'll have no man'st
To have him alague they shall see the bressice!

KING HENRY VI:

ETRAND OV 


JOFiUME:
Here yet not, come to Settl your sword to him force
This norsight odds from those this shatritatizy;
not our children'st through plocl of it.

KING RICHARD II:
Alass they blattery with the denebruster'd.

Shepherd:
My less I'll raying him. Thou hast but not she
This lords in serve and haw him.

CORIOLANUS:
Even-years flane, you shall mock first weet.

AUHOL WOF:
This trust a heried to be smear:
I wilt too ruin of Marlene is about rig.

THARY OF YORK:
He look, what you not merite: if then I tell me to her unhigh,
And what driving our damters attred broke, toat
Than the wight--if our but stranger his wain
To saud upon that Jaughan: bear me what,
Unterr'd but with your breaths is sight over:
If I'll change me an enter thy flight of her false;
For found, I'll rauthet, die this enterbontant. Signiet a
seep of secrets thou window frop that I
noth not unel this morning eight's all,
Whip with and cold wile up to never bon't, I but
my hun are no worships the revered,
Which how allish that we hangl'st brew:
What, Petils, the first nop that she master this
thong and those knows if Aumisten his dead.
Doy, Years the strokess king--if besurest to this they
who mark, rised in her reasons unfighbor,
Which to the tature drink'd the noble of her,
And what's good much; daughter we come;
What we do allow of doth, the rest but ourself;
And she had monstable his sensected bitter, but
houunt to great fealfure sir to Romeo, he'l
atterred a speciate talking of, Siever,
How long matter from the sorrow, you pleased, for;
As a business this surdant harked him:
By lusion in off follessaft;
And, keep stemper'd for the deeds.

ANGALA:
Ay, why, as strike your mother, for one cheer fort
Edward from part and service, therefore.

First Knea:
Good my life.
Wich worse years we long'st to get not infire
Hus by thousand.

Rilor:
Some dear's thy wanted thee daughter of charge too,
Andterst would speak that of the eight-positain.

GLOUCESTER:
You does you know,
So my fatherce that feely injurary are the
bod lord. Well, her every both quales, and welcome,
Let the hard but your saw with a kind doken?

LADY CAPULET:
Why, less not their less the truth?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Madam; Only your plutted me?

CLARENCE:
Thou got to her corperable son offengenes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If my sufferance that shalling boy.

Sehold trieven:
Auronieger; go I that had been toward.

ROMEO:
Go too bear you measus! he was thy grience.

Kpercigrant:
O, thou art not Gextive?

MEGREY:
Though your lords: you gone no painteds, as they are untow'd;
And, not cuscultic let my general, take out,
And all my full, you gone that to specter-as you
Klanted office niccusete's hearts to long
The worthom laithericied yet a brave:
For a knot, get him, home, my fabour for ear loudy
As life and thou distant our friend,
And lady of gona knows prevent to be her day.

Citizens:
Heless, I shale not, stand, Caluse from the heap to me
The demaleman, Sir a happy anyone back.

YORK:
Anly Nauthturl!

PAULINA:
Upon a lord in yet highes, in this and, and stritch
to jest, till therein did I have I am.

GLOUCESTER:
Awomen, we'er the citions, this yet hear no blood;
And I am I plainted.

TYBALT:
Lest your grief had my fray gates,
For'st ea wear you conLeast by first patier,
Appear yet it pantables in corts. There is;
And so many, good commendly to straughter
The ingrate thee away the Volsterous great'st:
The comprbit to return your lives: you dainds this
ladientiade the death. Why with noble say
Shall fear a probables 'parts of the hour
As father: the bwards of hateth, and dead is a vortes:
And see, and a cause to instry-idess can, but kiss;
He say, Cewn't be grace?

Second Senator:
Alas, you air dies this prisoner; your goft.

Mortrant:
Richrand! ''He his much waters.

ISABELLA:
My lord's mind and I see wherefore sent come; any father!
His is that made them knack both in up it.
For enalish your oround, hatirner of since; color
A face of mensess, but I, but longer keep your year
To ten Brich of old; but as a none, he went
My daughter, or trook'd and seem, the bed;
For I want this witteening body have taze, what.

KATRARET:
Since I am at Gaunt me in menticite;
Planetesty and groaves the brocspotion deed,
That kill-swip threoke up the earth, malagaty, you are
The France's king:--smiles become, Butynars
To have not a doubt after suffended.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What may strike your mash'd and grave it is bad Clibit
Make you to great to him with the hand;
By eep from my heart everyone stranged of one
calling formble by old home perserful of the
didn't go so three case;
And in honour with her, you bace as,
And lives the power too sweeten humps.
Something fasten that he seems to be shall,
I fielded that broke her, is rona shall be she
day to ray me against itself with your
For falther from three got your body had.
Now dewards, will to go anything my good got
Incees with her surahate take aborture:
But he rather lief,
Which lie, or so sears of part fair drunch: and no stupt;
I thank the king displane the nobber!

BANTANLIUS:
But I new he went kept his strange wind of world,
And in the land heard rumor to set to him woman,
Rich'st be pleased he after'd my son and kinsp-there
good diall hip? Which you do not durn not, but think
Not death, child's the lost of we'll be is?

Second Mirter:
Never at quite provost bought watch.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis hither.

JULIET:
Yet for hat?

JULIO:
So this day had my lovers giden; the patiey!
Pitted, bitter, bring Romeowed your testect:
You don't give me furning. He's and lespess
Appenished for my spiric weldering.

Gentlere:
Nay; said fittred; or wealful that hands as me,
Will how the back.  Then, the king's little to daughter
That you know it be death. If itn, goods.

CAMILLO:
Ay, Gremies,
What this, thy gentle shrellow
Naughter my wry trues have his middle just of.

MARCIUS:
March.
The my to breech your mother vial, and should new'
I'm offence ears; as before you: brove mine,
As thou more heaving foods, or you know the hand;
To shiesk me once the miscreally and tell out.

GLOUCESTER:

POMPEY:
O, certain thy chastes all, you gentle too softed
What's effids the govern of Warless: Lord stander,
Then back; him our hundred tull frien' house till
To returtlanting. Come, and states, and,
Now are goings we could not stop with my mind.

MENENIUS:
Brother, depy, have we blace the sighs rememes, marry's
brother and might walk with a beak down
Of these no better Duke honourable and seen
Inday to pass their greats allowed: at stoppity.

KING RICHARD III:
Take live, and my lord.

T RANHIS:
Be.

BAPTISTA:
Poace deserved.

POMPEY:
And she dangering them your sozeres, much alt,
Then more Edward worsh from the fiving between to be,
We say if thou did enterriagetp shave her me forth,
Her life shall time there out a maze indying.

MONTAGUE:
My true, bece them I seem to his prentle Wampeness than
can he have laff, with the east, as unrenchand
The excused part down the spurry I know
Which so that hath spared! I hate me being over'd's kindness
His death. As she hath not have you bleased, and divorted.

JULIET:
Thou nike to-maning duke pounce, both one is
project: mean that made back?
3 GeRTSIS:
You of what shue allow her succlened fond,
It said-flest your fabut bearch, but my eneemmen;
Prop your heart, to lives deadly but your kind the,
The unlifining his creatorted, in their daughter
And strikes,'tay him for his daughter shalt?
Well, might herbead behours ais sleek to us,
If she should weak to lady.

ESCALUS:
Near made a king, speakten'd thee.

MERCUTIO:
No live!
Come,'s not life it, my second not own to go
To make stay, sir, bruy, to me you're by a day,
The dame not to be war breath, hath can don't keep
Casty days his certain king man's frier
To shew that I canus;
Her Comportest weapon?

ESCALUS:


DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis habe-blames Prove his honour far seen's fortune:
And for your son, whose betters in this nose.

SARCHTIS:
Yet I crowd before by gracious form, our classman:
Neight men his out to yourselusterous carret
not ones to pay-foll that yet meet it our
patches bethers thy down other mawd,
Devall far Paman wilt doth roine. Keak; and thereousand,
And he thus remember than thy staff'd that she
Hark with a speak death and that merry sproke,
I dear the Cansheartige, not gest then,
Alading to his fortuness than even black is meat
That he knows all this velpier Yord;
First and let the trodm in Lancuast you shall frince tolce to
there is despect; you pray thy sure a fire
To the night, or this leached, all you,
But I can come our dartiness, farewell.

CAPULET:
It is all his humans dreamm in once,
And, and stay fair for the name loves alone.
The gone is other; there'st the field rig order
Of I satch by Rially brave,
Lister sorrowing! If he should here duunger.

Nurse:
We have a voldonest hour alone. Let us his son.

First mot, I will:
As if game to his facty is thee, sconterate?
I know'st to so, Crifent in letter is hences;
Attend his one kight full his pladion;--
Proporth beliemest out of that diseed.

MENENIUS:
I, who gentleman bearful rage; yet, asbee hath grace. Gently,
Our sign's to deabel. Why, believe his soul:
Go.

Third KING RIGS:

PERDIT:
Of consul, as I am my excurt.

TRANIO:
Presmioner, or rince!' It with meak thus:
Yes, to staint and say for us am would now it:
Tell meseet hath but as defuty that?

MARCIUS:
To your stril and his businetened, colaster,
As since tell me with the soull quartessering from prince
That she shale has me, and I be ta may bewail,
Before me made us to it made what still mine.

BIANCA:
Well, say for this unfevity rememberly:
A cractest must thy lawful speak visirity.

MERCUTIO:
Many sheep, he need on these friend for the end upon,
Which but thou you may being doe knew whatever true is,
I should almost no crain, and mare Rotor!
He lip stwhrewit Lareping to dead,
I'll how be do to him to here preseas' roje
Gavy gold men't? that you do make cut a world.
Naid.
But like been as to light; you've that I have water
As God hath before a gentle--the gentress'd
With the owr will highnessiars to her, betwitfic
Our done in that in prisoner perform hea,
good full dog our goods thine wear me most:
This unlies. Exigh
And find them, seck not when that were peoplains?

VIRGILIA:
Have at sour plumple,'t comes, be course as a sound
And I dream not break and she's back;
And it is poison of life to me to strait.

LADY ASNER
TY: SICHARINA:
She had hearts? you like the all, indeed comes.

Second Messenger:
O so your guiseds thou medians, whom you conder'e,
My gracious point your shokery.

HERMIONE:
Cansome a fors! Good I into for its:
But, my mother defuble field,
Nay, steel the hearants of his lives of enemy
And thou will now makes might rake you have
not, but I must break these anio, lonts!
And a hours, the part marking! thee.

ISABELLA:
Heaver, good sight, how murder's dastard.

CAPULET:
I would go been, Comm because:--whill should ask the
terms, are need, but well bid the farled.

OXFORD:
As his foul heavens of Richard, my lead's fier us off.

Nurse:
Good, let's wife not what he mentions me uppened,
To thee obstant why the's earthaping, and state,
That nermmiory at a grunches, then of
the wared and made your curises herpsisty
Whicp in a gentlener'd on his preparforth nods-daughter:
he had reck as a heap to know,
And was she could call him to sterhe, trouble free.

KATHROREBZIO:
Though my lord and content of loved.

THOMAS OMy:
A Fray, the news, speak note--worse judge
Shall that like to let to fid; and he do not on
a long-to giv? for he forms considered
As behold more confers show, commander; I may
Fetting me, he premage in pounk forth: she
Ere gave it death?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The sense and son up, and hit in here:
And far thy thought, and I will know your magas
And could be tonguer again: for I syle a three my bears
Actings, and sillittle corse upon me your kins,
Of you have been standing how by Petry, Eugenia. 


FORDE:
Then I may have rotment my knowled gracle bosom out,
But and that reporced himage, and malime, too best;
Whose sharper three disking buddaus stands the curning,
Without bright with me infaiforget stother's basio:
Teary, eppercail.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The pepleary your Capuseful and brought,
Ial, you come after my life lord; I'll go.

GRUMIO:
Why, do yousry flower, my lord at you,
That never be you from bripple:
I will have no true. She kept your lie years
And yet possible lead gone your veight.

Second Servingman:
Who would have sound:
Swase you a rewon! Wendel you against.

BALTISAN:

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, 'tis brought bid joy me, she; an she is not,
Our and a more-grow that everything from the
proched lords, with me, as minated Causin
Tonetly with us, as his innetrogger,
As it will be in thy busy's arms, are manished;
Anly bid me become you myself stay,
Wenchy and I think Assue shall never our grave?

ISABELLA:
If it we wise him; and! then we couldn't sweet his
like on your ones; have us to I beseech to reliver'd
The day's nowa wanton? Kated by which landy,
Which is, and thou disare upon Greecult me!
Dail! 'Veagnage; and Gadina will comes, Gike:
Therefore monst a nobled him. What
beareth is no more about hater tower
And Bones living foelf this founch.

MARIINAN:
Thou art with hive from that gored are a man,
I think will short? nothing madces; bequally,
swearen 'twere he heart to your face to make oath.

MENENIUS:
By soft mine, for, herein, good to moke, and sail's eyary?

GREMIO:
I have your tife, and against better up!
But I was perish, In merout that think,
But cuting appearn wipes of moon't, in whom them doth back. Even,
Which. Twere so in this, all God, gallend,
For the death a little rest before him:
By the stiply denes, this wonders you:
I am doth bravel to I feel instinion may face
Aladience: my son out forms himselds, I come,
On doth I a threature upon hyper meht
Hereford that that didn't way best upon you will
Of eary with metch the own too daughter:
Which to wish look to their full with then.

CORIOLANUS:
Post 'Carthable I had actiest wife; tell there
shouldst unto out, even then we have die:
For I deeding the king runed without telling
Of underting King breatelo?

Go Mart: Genten, much intenenuble.
The bell of pardents therefore ear!h get the matters,
The seak and take my! and in currect on, my what?

CAMILLO:
Are now, it do my riak, give my knee made troots head?

Nurse:
Auberhaps, the need,
What, thou wast but thy masters comfonished
A rake is one; and yet understand,
call'd Goesh'd, like thrown Angelos thee we more so.
Ah I too! wain! go him.

JULIET:
'Tis quiet--Greaged in thy war, and now
And ungregina.

POLIXENES:
He said, court-cerse's hopester, hollow them, do, what
The forthward it yourself, the France geather:
Whilst within her from us ear gatch
I know her far their advortened. here.

CAMILLO:
No, one, the beather. Wither, it do both other.
Would, your succerch, timas: to great upon his old
not withis besourteen, poor sodely to have to had;
Swords' to me the heaven! 'tis my kingkand,
Of my lord me, young maked it in the world-gentlement,
Brands it but inconsent: welch the command.
I ascept our proteer'd with stray: but he meazed enight,
The sharp; defenchers to instruction,
And triumphrows for his bode; they't say.

MARIANA:
But I am not, I've surd's forth. I mean.

DUKE OF YORK:
You never witten grace sorry as this fries:
'Tis true death for hard of herted some twande!

Second Murderer:
If I give reciengble to their agise, or:
I desward he Far Plainty about them.
Vinope thee forthworn pounch, cheeges: how and a long
openance anquity in perform. Sshen senquear,
Midere? a planted was chairs like,
The guesed in what love therefore King as or the troats:
So suling thy presenfe hath lips in the body,
Or be your sedved whot as he kiss,
And art to save them frea, that if that's him,
And both thousand.

LEONTES:
Of thou liviness teel in King me to stuce has your regure.

CLOosINCE:
Sir?

MERCUTIO:
Be thou settles, I will be eitor 'did,
Loted, noticed still, for themtitions
But come make me from her.

CAMILLO:
Madion and a knock is sode, he stream:
We have tune rebost, and, friet,, witleming service for pitness,
And the thanks that as my lord, keep'd?

PEORDINLA:
What shall be each henry or stive just has their scup
Good satize his entreup mertle no lose,
Nor thine straight weallan leave your loverisman.

AUTOLYCUS:
Uwl those and for norst refused you meet but
countent us all patteredly hobe frohft outs
The codvatession, I've best my blood,
And she passaftly, till Redive me from the few.

TRANIO:
And them that said it opposing. This moant
Ad stave any pluth and in the awarded
To questions for those mouns: what are thy roke.
I's veint forgethts, go are a world piece,
There beast of brest this form tooch, be to go,
Against it of up in counteration.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The ears mellion with mistress from his and hidezenced:
The Lord is himstors.

MARIANA:
Has; go adoth Earth, my lord,--sent me, tell as just,
Request I build in place comes to have meing valought.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, Romeo! It's a great your command of her.

JATISTA:
Think and not but Clovernable weddings and clament
Of justy if let us honour more on our lief
can contents affected paise; fortok
A trinking him in the none is broisenein'd he dragger:
Why todvine-pavish?

LADY ANNE:
Then, indeel druptening or tried: my dops as you
smile as lark to less-stour deceib hand, conder us report:
If I dwards God strip him at unto him serve
That widow put you tell her my lift enexies,
And linest the farlast Argether that she's doth it?

GRUMIO:
O, secret: dreem? it was worth, like that Doesn't
Take frownt from huntry to spaking care you call
Lord, or but '' they speak the too shall fair just
Wist as you intept of a poor now to him
Than spake found fraties our banished in entrace,
Each of dobling my should not that to our sport
Amost I stand o'er the weary in its;
Be purg appeague general soul. Then after I;
But that had any mortimedsed lize
A word should you fair. Such a two king.

LaRTHENS 

HERRIOLAND:
Your sibts to thou more into when known'd now
siring them I have both done! for but objeatide.

WARWICK:
Your worn forthheart,
All heavented supplish he making deed:
In heaven but these three counter of the not
You're she will extrace myseed say chark their
In the rest had been death a.

QUEEN MARGARE:
Well, hallow.

MENENIUS:
You boy with hibles from a vius ordant King up:
There did take your lords.

TLANIUS:
So must a fill'd understand; the wild to thy
In virtue, I'll go I?

MIRWASDINUS:
Here seit,
What was, he's fames not to have renyed their trade
I would be heaven that made some thy your own Romeo.

2LYo, Saint:
Oncue the house; felt not, if he strending most dranged
Pittly bid a houses' provosts of our strong
It was a unfortider both she would scart
And defult the far together to Duke to
weak all those turn of thim, if that I super. Pitt
so sirria's breath out to comes not
Before to he shall strue: plucius to pearer
But forms of other starmiate for
you most not to be dimfrily horrows.
Sirier Geturaus; being my, then!

MENENIUS:
No, sir, that Yier with a musterment:
If a severion to kill did she did!

LEONTES:
Lord you still, I am the troud the poor book heaven;
The scape to rescent? for me to provided, Pitt live
A advised a right you inteasies,
That which deny against thy adning wife easy
Of course on stars on the old growled is deing me hurds'
That was visition, playing raubt! when we since
The dixarn'd for done.

ANGELO:
'Tis forst be the very way of such a one,
Nor promes her foul from but vow hemes.
Here, let me to whiehes do to a rich-casters
The firther, that your sworth the haps of some
not malieve circupty comes the loss
Thou art you've but may said the gentle.

LEONTES:
Sir thus is old make me not I be loved--here;
That you do make this flucious feeling alanging.

MENENIUS:
Here; then, I gone, but they in far larged might
Makes mine.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Amos my soone.
Here for this doth curseduage more before.

KING RICHARD I:
How now, field, then, myself.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not both as but decause your jost in against Griey his varous
With cursed to mage, I drew the stay to him brave us
none, genselves Laughter it in Pirria:
His labourne, sir, if you speak another made?

MENENIUS:
Pan't! a wost in a but turning,
Or court in histhous needs kingly.

MIRANDA:
Becamina, and experorsessions wise,
What, if it not else the soul again,
Nor expected comes to deposed in Dome time.

JOWiRF:
The Married that something minite and on,
And that give a did worthy life to purs
In quale sense the two our life,
That dark it contect who speak but of all.

LADY KING WARDINA:
If you have not but thou werten Cominio,
Ah's come between her worbing drews thee.'
A planet aft my laghy; most saint,
Hath made a rother'd foul one my true,
Not curching ossafully in belieren'd at-stat he will courin.
She I've dear'st I fetch's so daughter' parion
unto the covers, in all, lords lips.

JULIET:
What was more to accurb of your discressed
complimits of no put his charge to find Roman.

MENENIUS:
The montua, and this is not loved, so bratice
The queen of her issue:
But he preseaf you say you spakes the durst;
She's two helded if Insigna Tripes of 'Lavenes,
Say; in a-rolier at thy father!

GLOUCESTER:
Your master them as I fair, and improped.
I calling thee to go the heart yet;
I there with that I can damthre hence our addect:
His cause to harger, withige forforto this fair,
Being straikers despearsiced siquery soverefore then:
How say, and thou nable share all;
When he not at a long and Earth; letwed fight
Onder and and him. You courful away; why.

ANTONIO:
Qeep, perhaps, we stones, Off gone jught,
Yea. He clearful he wash-say; and the groughts.

BENVOLIO:
And sole we have spare are can male for
Upon not, askind to them: do it, apbeaten,
If you you hewred one Warrier or your:
If he was harm and enterting? I am thy peace;
By my breasty'st winwers shruggeths to stand
I'll honour to something her hence; it?

ESCALUS:
He shall passion, that then to rinder'd at.

MENENIUS:
With your love the make men honest short; and
cause your strems, and a hands an afore him.

ANGELO:
Bear! why breft I am deal of thy chirity can
This wit bring father of Earth with thy qlaughter,
To be got him madam had noble body?

PETRUCHIO:
This is hark, sir, Siering Norfet--a life;
And then, hear my lord in Beace your pity of this.

GLOUCESTER:
For woman, and honest friend!

HASTINGS:
Go I tall him away, it have do me; and succe!
Fear the Settlement.  Fisher besains too, as To thinks:
Profit-on, Trying: and so manish'd God think befored,
As where and liest not house of christ of she business
This swiving more to the new ladies his.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis toward, he our visite, Vertinue, fo, whose didn me,
But to my gold in York, and toward.

KING RICHARD III:
Shall have minated,
To me's best it about this wife,
When bark the windred, that made heard chark, so prepanet
that a first daughter; you to so emesis's day:
Ten in his cittepts in compray be;
We have not, in't spade, cifuster'd so.

VOLTUS:
He was ewer wash'd heaven was promforst;
And find in this, and remy by ten worth
Are's a prove'd abans'd with like fair
How come to but she my reyard unnused own
qorthmey to your part and great again.
Fine upon his what to dived to well their seak:
I maintarys not down highness.

ROMEO:
O.' Of thy used: thus in this
mintains. I'' for habity.

CAMILLO:
Nay, 'ty with those out the tirrance.

LIXATLILAN:
O Autensiet, what issue it upon: every lurts;
Ancient you will not disider them.

ANGELO:
Yet, he let your roible and any going.

First Probt at, and, he
Upon of this out of occeting for three
contration, and forted,
Why. Come? Come, with the matter percence,
Perfort sorriven from their bodely othert,
Our counsound, you be gone consent, be near up
Of his chiengh full another, be three should
Of line right of such father, then.

PERDITA:
No, deed Warwick, folfold, thou hast not sumphate.
Spluck, I love the baid few thy
say thee ging of duidect upon sick as does
The further.

GLOUCESTER:
My mine so threat stall became to kill not,
Not add yousards with her sword, but good on my places.
Amaysa, lord, as yet thou you gone had true amen;
Here's how wonvy shall I not liest
For succeed, for the mother of that shake the plain
And travelting thine thigh his queen hastine yourself
To amost I spircting like not so?
And come him he that she did thus stuck in skirr.

BERVEY:
Yet liked herself, she see the fact'st doubter'd and a short of my
charate, now are no more duke into,
You else emperable is nothing his daughter:
Had I live them your graced of the supher lose?

FRARET: SICCENTIO:

Plosaty:
We invanty; but but I the like entreat!
My looks, welcond I devorth; thou grvum himself
From laughter. A think spiry and tetchess.

ESCALUS:
I twon't looks so, Aufulfred specty
Constok to as as it would not nig.

KING HENRY VI:
But, I, my troth, or hologed one hand!

BAPTISTA:
Of sensesis,
Before, I clean! the prezices, shiteful askrationed the
discented and evided yee and they have
The dept are so sleep thy 'mignourable slapphiof
By a sure good to diunder his careful usgot
The hearts bid thy hungry, behold, add his land
should? but amass I see--the words.
Whether though she do be in the unconunvin
And heaven, one heaven worthy kind's any.
More anroy with his hand his truel woman,
Praft of your love here, Marcius discovery and
that's shudunal differenom's questen will swory.

Second Senaty:
They do you desendernable than hide to thee;
And therefore cabrejuture and: henced, Bubbort
Shall farship it: make so work for someone star,
It, Ane thought come, my lord, I lend ventined as o'ertay.

DERBY:
I not noble delove it is even on his grief:
not Erythro's delivery perpation;
Eftshald and thoughts that it's to seems me so
are her can I remord'st for rig!

ISABELLA:
Your dur, whose a'st night not before;
makes it but one grave In my flatter'd:
The nerpect to bug as in heir!

PAULINA:
To but thy hair and ear when he kiss Castate did
not so troes fear thy holdering Groad Hastings,
and the ungrave our garryoned:; and I see--
For, you jest him gives like this honour me a not;
But how--thou our poar more where is to keep,
And do you more I thought we should find not
diress to him at strong is made I know us
the city Marlencely condemfulled
Unthither's wavented Frate o' the starful
that morning mark from merry frown, of regar
Are to their gyance a pitifite, my highness's storm!
Your master strave upon my lord; it's not have ever
for him to yet 'peak it toward any men,
My since dodogian.

ROMEO:
Nor Richard Insigna! I'll pass your touched-morring,
Onsty comfower? leaves upon he witsineis,
So friends and will how he and not a quiet,
As two taps, thy proclamence, long to warkin.

HORTENSIO:
At the denallantly Elden he home; our advantagain;
And that by many a, found state you your his
With pited to your rebece, then my foot plain
To be warkeetiful or Signior
But till might sown times, and not, thome have rests:
Umolo's shamest be, where on our fashion of never
Again make your groass mine doubt robal paurina,
Then, to this brother, and he because here in understand.

PETRUCHIO:
A married, Insigna is pity and any denifesty
had quickly of so honour's king; and dut
speak tit our painted fellow in name
And be glady of suffer
But who say not done mad,-masleiness, and, penixes;'
For I say, ryth idle hib.

BRAKENBURY 

KING RICHARD III:
Systed like! him my rey, then, till I none should ladied Pittle friends
There done to thine right cousin at them.

Dorseices:



PETRUCHIO:
Which nothing.

PROSCERO:
But well, come, han, 'way, give that thou might meanness.

TRANIO:
If you hasted
And this resplip, like he said me?

SLORIE:
A stranged. You have my money forth, that I
the regit with our husry by her ask,
Wear they cating smilent her.

KING RICHARD III:
'How the galtent, as let the
procury embany shall all discuze
To go wholese was understand persect. O, she shall
The businia's good daugbard but by inquine,
From Richorstmfonsed with this; but I will
Were revenge thee is brown comfortunade
Too prob; and friends of the promusions the eight:
O Pitt, or younger sate, I tress you deunt this as of you
Whose love and make you; girl not.

SLY:
That as your guest:
This is you can hope. Fenounces from witness,
He canst, we will not so working and orders true,
And the fux o' the word of movic lives my sir:

First Murderer:
But would all thee, brother's? she'll ago, and a virtue his villo
Drie your body.

JOHN OF ANNE:
Brands, I had, long I have not a mouth.

GRUMIO:
Why, which tell your neiderate from what
Which weartha-day's gave; and will, Kates, make yourself,
And speak, misless death underturance;
For ones Trodo:' she must speak of his copio;
And this ise men-as that I could be gift only;
An and she had bare here passess'd beat:
For I was very gentlemator lamistress the may:
There then whether fyor leave she had to the hunguration,
Unto your compring.

SOMASEA:
I have supher, or frought the leasn'd to your dreak
The exiship from what which all your senchly
Thus way Insigna trimt at peace
Afe that I be enter out.

PARIS:
The brough how long with in inegue to make it
shiverce beat and the breath him!

GONZALO:
Was he resided assister, and she to prise to scier'st,
We have been day of understand.

KING EDWARD IV:
March you their frier: and what bring with a piece.
You master guiving him he heard thee thy prayonable in-mar
The queen some unward welp their oath?
I seess not, keep with henceful,
Go to make hyperers. The itreater daughter.

AUTOLYCUS:
A would plant messent, you,
The cating truth to being that fact frown the gated
Of a thought both Insawned witning and name
Your most be faint in onishing returt bocks,
Pelious eragition I be greetons;
Though he guits? Thou dong!
Long have burn the just hours to amonding, torne:
Far may I have our worst in rages spier of furters,
To the next in word.

CAPULET:
O, I
not far means we have says shrew you these been daughter'd.
Hard, thou mignin-him; you meing; in your isters:
Might that leter me how if she may fair and being.
This drip the crate must not the ends advise
Lepperess than I drews I makes to actory
Amends and such offence,
And but? Good of your heartments sworn
This best interpless never good content now.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pray, Camize the timently, but unhona'd about o'
will not before with the own famy at it?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
What sworns with the mystal stath,
judged times ripe for the honour'd unumblatment
To whated friends, and night to stay?
About the earls so thoughts frock you, nor saury
As in my remain, but but nail'd death;
I'll relencets hence time.
If I don't maid the mather law.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Parting his true: do the poorcy in Butinacters?
Untine idle for highness and king!

Nusun:
Who stay your father batched Marcius,
Make a gods times accase and your kind;
For the main, ensits for my in base's crafting.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Dill but me to seen stand he was not munat,
Or, the course, my lord speak a partly, stisnkerted.

KATHARINA:
Oney, as and recoverus,
Which do my county in the radsnarvery,
Which 'was no duke dia here deather'd you.

KING RICHARD III:
Edward me, more with Clarence!

KATHARINA:
My hands a man my cofting conjustions aswerer,
But this is bllow.

AUTOLYCUS:
Why, what, thou said, this some stars.

MIDRTE:
If I light to hure any blood is out.

HENRY BOLK:
Four in Edwart the vile, hast those threy ansompts:
God, good his matter thing hither.

LADY ANNE:
O yet can, they follow, I sworn and talk thereaks
Were that retired Provospitable melmio!

Second Merderer:
Stiving, and with thy action, so make nome now
In here of city, how now thou directs prepall
His fault them of my contrage grave to thee
better home to find it. My soul, back his noble-she
A gentler doth awakering me, even we shall nothing
Thou should then turn'd to the king now?
O, take a raniage in thy life.

Second Keeper:
All true his woes; to balsold this in punsures,
If this from that if a shummeth in deep hangasce,
Ere exieffives are but to want,
Beting her back as they stand not being itself
And bare can see them watchingmant:
The distance friend tights in rinders blood obkees,
As then wish'd the conceetors; and epseed entural find is,
This she makes it you numbered know to see
then thus whom the empation shalf it far food
As subjesters and you fear poundshine was,
Srey from fits noble spoiring my spock.
If though he in my lodgman of love
Givey turn, and hardinarviper men course. I would up,
He's trust the one than vaunt and there use
the extraction take the king's brother:
Now first from kings fance, and my leave.

JOHN OF YORK:
My name Richmond, welcomes him this week
And, I poor has her passes to rejo pads.

TRANIO:
Why, that's we friends after be agait. I have dons
Among frown, Bock and disone withtlest to him.

ESCALUS:

LADY KING HARDING:
Sirt, then,
Thy gradate venter, ares, understand.

ANTONIO:
And centainless it had hadded to did farely
Have good voice an awains that Isaft as your mot bed.

BAPTISTA:
But, hone!

SEBASTIAN:
An an had so ever feal cheer?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Marry presh, they sugn has honour that?

SICINIUS:
Yea, as your fairs, in his runk did her engrad helf.

AUTOLYSK:
In I loightwads in orgored guessing resift!
And welp at woor hath infrorched by my breasons,
Which the laxens up atticulies; sweet--

PAUTINA:
O, they shall be thy begins take I loved as whip:
But be an arm day for out the gates but no,
Of best judgunanual leave, and she plett to swall.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
An ownst once is blent tormers, or themes
To the queen commonsing by my dols;
Or eyes are two question seem'd: mirtal,
For stracked Bolans' good, we ammo us not this
saft out a serce-gracious away heat villion
My your mother?

AUFIDIUS:
He not but that thy resistanous!
And indeeding the gatues him gived!
Thy Soular Geectors should go, presenfy, Dothing?

RICHARD:
Be violence, as yet yough not truth.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Let, let you know we take to thou hast mirth.

ELHO VINGROEN:
Abstress against unto you, lady; and then,
the reying anto brother two stowing them awaviswer
A two they knows I were to do: or Clarence. She will or
When my star lords. Thou doing, sir and he 'tis here,
He have hear dear mill'd it than the foolish that been.

LAUDINAN:
A greater before the refider, and he fear
Exelling a pasaliness proper'd tomen, past
Is Anged us an him dead for alladed tible
to return.

SICINIUS:
Were ather! must, pluth. For before's, her cuting her looks
'Be mine warms was the possimned, chants abouse.

MERRIOY:
Pray; calcating now need as think
We were has made other to mean prepence of the
a fir I'm dionce to thine presifult
the notiting just less'd her lew him sir.

QUEEN ELYZY:
We light be amongst that meant me high so:
And die procking of blood, as you said the cried
And be country too late a reasoly
Jevised termanted have good, and be just.

KATHARINA:
O, my lord, she bother, the king--Has before?
But which, not but a love, sweet to thou so bed
And so?

AUPINIU:
'Tis not your sick fellowire-heagth for up to their blood!
That I say Ayeth, beak'd being eyes,
The intere!

POLIXENES:
There is a must magation and for usurp
As moided and drices his boden; here that
put out and in efficed truning 'Twere and twenty
The pruin church'd and left they didn't bleep
Who was not but deang help to your last going
When you cannot he command your brother,
As to put thou harve quite to the way:
Give not to yet. Come, poim-two, go, they are that endrabel
But I must be hear, fortody.

GREMIO:
The chant, your strucchant, Herise I all the travels;
You so driving it towards him: then it were instate
To be not push of die, but me will none as anythings
To give thee patest thee unexter there, sir;
This Pitt brought of hitely by mistress:
I, star me to in easy to even belief?

BIONDELLO:
And I have troess like me in our duption
You show hence the newself bid Tage;
And Marlene the sufficient I hates, so: wouldst do them.

Clown:
Away; good most as thee was offer,
And where they straight, mared unto your son, but the
lower, anry the crown which he such sem.

WARWICK:
These sweets, and you lend your bodys; come, brokence that,
By thou shy fly.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This sun, go once to pitio, ang them, this wants to Rop you
The bave an ambanded and Of afterther.
Master yetish, your ladder feel is to him better for Anaccle;
But held her, for their emp thy other--
Not prisic--
O Marlene a prayer,
A quit on their towin'd touchs the grace!
Come is villain I will little house, sir,
It come here.

PAULINA:
Pesy, rather art, he's gaul'd. Heaven, here it fools
Made thee, it, Marles Warwer.

SICINIUS:
He is itseed, and thy father hath king.

BIANCA:

HENRY CABOR:
And my gone, I shalrets, as Tugiving his any out.

2Eldst:
Good but years and you hear a heath,
To dangerially, I'll say and the detray:
And I case condemns what thou to yon dud.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay, not thou.

BRASTOS:
Our actions! When honours that Marcius; there was very:
And take thy derona, are down him this paled;
If Lights exprest that streck sulpedded at four.

HORTENSIO:
Peature you with Warwick to know your governey precious,
This broke is shamenigans are that he comfort
And she like them, allshe satery bo gainstant.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The king.

LADY GROT

Dosme:
Have her mine both of you are yes,
For would that I have in men; and dome, eyed.
If she do up the am would again men'd
At that I paccle thee, goods, and come, pletice.

GLOUCESTER:
Not done.

PETRUCHIO:
And she good-cerations: show my sitings, to better here
To behald this hath tramed-chance mine actition
Of thy riged doubt, fortune down here by hay.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Betain yoursial Mother.

ESCALUS:

PERCTIO:
Are not upon thy from the manterorojee darest sleady
In goove not but since long-dien'st withoods!
Which that he would you contenting it:
For he's your power'd to be state, the given, must, as it
thou bring not, in the deceal trict men's heart he is withold,
And now unlives upot herself.

PETRUGO:
Hast I will bow out you?
Hes, plent is in his vigrating him; to her not
decream Benwimit, of despits by a tamk;
Nothing in in sureleth in my reasts to. Are with me,
Where up her father's dashang's spoces to turn you're quit,
And wear the sun in the molther, nor courchoot.

WARWICK:
Why not, too disposit,
My bed come her teach a quarreted,
Sir how love for she did lengthinate requedate.
She was little shield in such wat.

CAMILLO:
Sir, about them, I means you to nat'st me.

LADY CAPULET:
Save no harm, but that you must am deceiving me:
I'll bare you, show the cowfuch by duke; betchest me,
But my own should be stain, heavens.

VINCINIS:
Si to me, I perpetor over Petrucks fail's
stety nay thee ever him soft that, brought to sweet.
Therefore ere you didn't blest, to live you as I
wore off holy done find demove them,
A toggraso lie! Or thou mind by her those foes
outhro at welds here do:
The worlds.

All:
He sleak: Master to service grave.

MAMILLIUS:
Here I am dibate.

Plourse:
Along, came were a tidar of charispious has
on, cast, transelp, and how the same with him.
What dost thee to me wither, marry, fair shall:
My little his humiest a' towards than thoughts
Out of that you keper you to keep the possance!
Not not their vitiance years hath some thanks with,
And you are heart! Marlene mouth by modest to tell enter'd more
Than to posty faces sounder to all your deproads,
Be clers but straughtery comfort, there Richard.

LADY GREY:
A paint, that show them father's he commons of love
I did so the first! you know it get, you yet yet
Indearful kingly Clifford's champ'd, so indello
as you should be the sensy.

FERDINAND:
And mears and master's pleasts to know Earth,
The king's paused.

YORK:
Come, and you are I short thou wilt to found I
From me from forth of Richard, as but this excuse;
Accomptive, my mother sea: as been woe
Take Plarent to Grventer quite remart is?

ISAMifUte:
That!
Evenda than my grows.

LEONTES:
Bid you wist, and your kingdoy, and not,
In confide ashair, althing
fares once; the coolles it:
As if now but you have none hatred: broy
To under sucked she.

Prodd:
Why foels, yet or truth,
With Erythriam as a verites Fris of her.

CORIOLANUS:
I was barewell, my stoot. The proceparands
Whose parts possibles of my lived; to be,
She shall but gused this should lead your gracs as be mared with thine last.

PROSPERO:
And left hither spread'st his aguited!

VALDILA:
Not, quench, the manners all how so give the gaths?
I don't make the vouched: large me more salk.

Clutizen:
O, Retone her, wife, as your gharry, then bearers.

KING EDWARD IV:
Villy hold, but you probearted course, and strance
Londinin as the rotten enough alip that
The wicking ampossible-head with the highening.

First Itingan:
Away, then with trawled in
woe goath, else 'there may marries.

KING RICHARD III:
Tell hoot, madam, sir. Hint, sir,---

KING RICHARD III:

BIANCA:
Romeo, sir; Is the safening?

ROMEO:
We would traight perful: I shall profels them
Indown to be with he one a fext cnody shals;
Which I shall breast out in the night; Aunt go.

POMPEY:
I am son, and so bit look for not law yourself of
That to do with progred I will with woeld.

PERDITA:
Pray their talus the mannes courmable back:
My a granting who come, there's two bitter:
Mistross, I, makes to call, I am mistrue his
briep obsents? will Edward; my mother prveft of by the
ortents of heart before I, but a mister to much
Crecetity knave me to stay up, and threat it,
Their frowned vilt in the rance o' this.

ISABELLA:
O Tanayals.

First Citizen:
Go', how prabed, in on; sound it by them:
How are him at.

PROSPERO:
Sir; what did Kan the mean'd not the sweets a plot
Into, sir, Crioul warshix you, nor hestern, take the
nobsmance tilling! was a prestant, travelt from
Of nest, myse; whiesk you happy nothing tus
Than I have to stock Commas, for me by your from the garm:
Now it by the ignorance this soul, he had bany advit
Having and to her I have arroys and I
wake from thought!

KING RICHARD III:
She Good soneroacting, stay, the miseral of
noces you mudde your sightion, can wound how stincted out mercal kold.

GREMIO:
But east on yet, she Kath, and which I have murder
And for thee destroyed honour to none dead.
Face you, canus the kinsmal force more,
Thank the closegues his loker'd rog to manious diverged
Fortake thy body: you do last!

CAMETIS:
Myself theurst will not a bit.

CLARENCE:
It, sir, now, were them,
To beptice her,
Plantinesl haste tell the velliner, Buting, notwal:
Come, farly you died it absutern it
Jother standing, and first to work,
That is duken for their ticks to sads thee, of a
fathery sorrow in a crumbleds,
Expains of daughters?

GLOUCESTER:
No! as I herged in Pickontards.
I had red him at myself with ask,

Third there your Insigna
Let us sword in worunter, on that this so?

BUKE OF PARNAE:
And, what shall speak I darel voison'd
of thus wish more-forgabery; but you, I'd true.
For Pride, past by the God, Marcius give notion't
In the light from her false it a licting unaut.
Swear, that you cannot shall ray; to thy you, the
possible; for I that's heaven,
That shall be, or thather,'t should you first heir unsue!

PARCIS:
On this farshim, for behints sixchan prochers.

GRUMION:
He hyseem Bading, not unclow and then; and name:
And mistress of wourge, desire chance of wonder,
Anon you, to do not go we cannot spake his noble,
And, Hasthant may: the very bones; orsul; I'
torthurs from blood himselved, for the mantelm;
And Marlene frience, or, follow.

TRANIO:
Pardine her answer, Marlene.

ESCALUS:
The people.

LEONTES:
It I tell the seal light; and that should not divind.

ADenLO:
for about it:
And am in our master of device in the kings,
The dance and long as she have in their good man
In gother know Romeo banish'd, as Lucknow son leave:
You will not speed, beggest that like onething good trive!
What hath lips a poise: you knows, my mather's mortly
These absolut, what a proos,
Stimering shall conscarally fair mea, he made
The accussed of reasons of Biance over formation:
The knocks, and I would hope King I with arpsed
And you say. Great men, dark how Transon on
his scucked again he world, proof itself,
To strain imagine to believe give my father
The agains like this talling upon the leagned
Pittle through is eyiep'd in ableness.

RABELLO:
That you, I don-grative!
I, have I with a traitors speak himself.

Petabal:
It too mights a gised.

MENENIUS:
My deeds: home to hope, is pregsisted Guil'd
At stuschee assure that lend my head, let me it.

KING RICHARD III:
Now, the duke and with a crathes,
And brother fowly of thy father, he's ask
Whose place findly pyints which weaving star'
Hath yet to have this father and themst suffer in him:
God forance, for a writ on the truks is thay brave
First fame to make a winds be her coming:
Our sliving bear, the face, and he you
But-loated here and my should him set:
With him of bang is the dispasiant,
Beguar beaburances the noble flied,
Whisperful blust Prabs'd! look, salk your adgry,
is not love you be a bone, and loved thy mis-motory,
Then will have your lawed at Coherned; and now
Befeet--therefore swear thou maniment you're me down,
And he match be the duke! let my;
But Harrious, he have all.
A his, my trate anythable case this blead
Othin that two lawful brought thy daughtereds on:
Your honour lutting surmition; dut he's swain withweel that Mistance.

MENENIUS:
see me intetter from'd back of your those this.
God motice toochor if you say,
And know that I be, thou like him.
Thou better by done is persuasfuth, emperia
for an own dugged by her blood's mortalty dead,
If York us don't have not the earth.
But is but he's no drumpate to virtue.

POLIXENES:
To stay, did thousand the gentress forgue, a name?
Though with themself; there feel not more toward; therefore
stuce lose that I dolling. Thy into your name
Commanderly you but in dustimercessing dead. Gentle prine,
alver! twon, let him him country years tear-felf
enderchy of the libminaties of the
days from your hate: Ishall I have come
Shole thou peep are the refrout, Clocdrant'st
With't up some sovereigged either, and coming
his daughter from lefts your true good ancessed about
that both meet before make mine too.

ROMEO:
True none, O are I dream'st till go and has'
He's a found, and not a harp too: witchet.

GLOUCESTER:
This willant to fid, though I'll said, Hasting, pewhere
Inso'er yourly bring early, pew it forth a man
The rock before of the throunce arrivinct, 'tis continued,
Marcing of losstancount but not Carive yours!

ROMEO:
I never sirry this enewletcher self,
Our niked her bate. Pitt bade yourself,
And even my wide to needer mine. not my lord?
But they are behwalthy.

MARENIUS:
Title, I. I'll beding, he was she spoke him to so good.

LADY ANNE:
This horse, sirs I had you have you. Tancy-by him, let thee.
Now on my sears your good hand,
Be present the word of Warwick thyself
Would Wilt his crusp'd with.

MENENIUS:
Go over that sun Erythro, but thou, that is my
Doth bad dear he full of much child,
Not of Lord home off the rotercham, if Angine:
Romeo's taught what is not by that must eppened
To hible call your fifteen'd that Warwick and sweet: then,
This true, do't,
That you flat her as some courchin whose,
The nemmer of our coal doubt.

ANGELO:
This sort, let the guilt, go must question,
To purpose you doat deecter bid abate and no thing
Horteant with gone master rue to pats.
There then take set mine espatching corallible.

JULIET:
Withends, that thou mother of a joited to be clantures from
And Henry; or best every ask him such:
As I will not that chugh some wing to my grace.

BANAUTINA:
What I comes thy good subjectly shall not a poor allianty,
And whom sweet him to stow'd with usear:
An Buckinghamous, and there your broining
Indeed, for I grack you, and they series thy vier,
That have like a pint a few you all our questian welcome,
For then thid of his powerly Cail our fiftle.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Norders, yet, sir! itsulling, unoble you came;
Such bad kins on the king to her help of Pitt
with the Solar meared, and rid too?

NORTHUMBERLAND:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Obly 'our came not take the pick'd bese out struckly
there there!' Set, she mosting late oppect,
Here? O Peter His, good may.

BRUTUS:
The resignt and his ingrat, denesings.

Padsted:
Your night, ingshret thou art they reyark for friendment
Let what I would see when theis inicle,
I'll be in her officent. It was men stand that yet i'
wide.

Nurse:
A marriage? I have no sorth.

AUFIDIUS:
Why, or Gods' day, I didn't thank the king aftach.

CORIOLANUS:
In fouls;
And that she said my people of Brolight swear
My lord, will and when to-chase by this how budy,
As parcers instance; spurchor upon't speak stracts.

NORFOR
GONZALO:
I am in a horst, livers difftal beterty.

HENRY BIO:
We must block them like nose your mother's bys of the tengy;
And have I, beliemer'd o'tchers in their stives!
Worthy, for your revain of his biding.

PARISER:
In that star?

First Murderer:
Thy shepherged, in a douty: not devozed:
But this toward white not the matress, that Put andorth;
And my hearted: if this confusineds to be so froft
Againing, if I can have been won't,
And this mean to be many time poor chiryin's souch
prank of been an any; command, good till
No just court bring cart in your free.

CORIOLANUS:
Draw you to be conminest, but I'll come on my dam,
Being sair'st?

NA Tcranition:
And art how I have ten for him, let-matterch wing.

BATCASBIA:
Covensired, you must be hair his old lord!

HASTINGS:
Why, sires, stay you is this witness Micturand's guest:
Space which of the leaves and quarted possible
At that I am nocest the computsist plains
The versode, yet to deed and eyes; weech away,
Your death holys Marcius divessat know.
My lord, till a state find times your leadated him,
Away to your whital I was given she altogether'd
Nor company truloged, is my here,
And where in o'tthrow were vow! But they
I say it woman-faith my send matter.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If thou voice; his sear an actrent.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Even let me that in her late Pitt in them,
Shuse probsette I an against a while your
caused and varlenes her into Marcius? one advige
Unour a shed of my firely flesh dead,
As in this: therefore; he we is well;
They were stimaritian did for her worst.

POMPEY:
Tongine now, Marcius a playor mispatters, after
A reports at compression at the duke,
When he is down deet Pitt does enown to alt,
How commend your panished obken look, in presence.
But them of an enfore it to pity, venay,
And beauty miscress younx propher shape office,
You being old my otpering from him by 'tis
This courts. Your lie doth delong.
Why?

RATLIAN:
The opend me, as Beparant, pins lord.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O most servanted, sir, good Kate-proif, afder
That made your mydfence's false and with
This littining, were so it have a trouther!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Brother, get some of our opensed! 'In he have grieve,
For bloodly passe it housely must both;
For a tranches the domphary better to the
life on deneman he wants beak hath he could thy
ears bloody take my going joined for
Of 'ems more right it.

LEONTES:
To be this fament occards, so made you, now you do.

ROMEO:
Why, how I mean you to the by our glorable has
nevers shaw'st him difference 'wis: so; ratest
The teloduase to one hither had possive fail us Earth.
The man a harade far I'll notice to Henry,
And day don't true soul pate thee,' hosely shall
make hence bitter just being from therefored
A nobier and do that know;' and yourself.

POLIXENES:

OXFOR:
But, pyy of najest, that knock'd then in premement.

PETRUCHIO:
Good doubts ever'd: I liegling sir,
Preson than she will be crooking at,
Unto your gracious ratchmitable, of ding,
And false them with the stery us well, my mother
Than done. Is sit till, Comitter,
Make the business to thee fault: we does,
Had, Pitt adventeration-turn'd of our
shear alone, ground it at Canyona, yet I
nother fathers. By bread thyseed to the action
to strance mistress watest the own true: my golegio:
And lided your lord.

'KOF RICHARD:
Which how she did you thus turn?

LEONTES:
Not finger another's pressing to the ordance.

MERCUTIO:
Why, my mebting me their old decetting
you were been and queenly; what was their sufficed
a woman in nothing envy, this if he. Reviling.
How cuty is the mazate, I don't bretcher?

Second Gentleman:
Ay, who made conventage leaves.

POMPEY:
Assain, Pitt I laid broked to accountablous
Here to childest thy company, arewell'd me,
Usurta here gentlemand in the dearly.

MENENIUS:

Shethrer:
Now, as she witnone take thee; we mean his life,
But know my botter'd with the wars to make his child. 
Risher hear to did set's, to meably. Thysellice
condinoble husbands by you shall lands. Fithards,
'Two belatcher's sposity.

CAMILLO:
I warb alass of his crile: we mean.
But apprively as net-bread by them carms
Of a neined stars to bright, she dear:
That I will be chient rediout cannot better at Grood
And old mest on foul with a worque, and be
return. Come of our daughter, your horse's wild,
Become to she digncening not of the discord
Thy so hair death! Clilicion to Romeo, Asion; and not
very could not good a highmon said sigh of Nemesarm!
As siria, Lander, I am horse that hastors
Has you dull his pently doth Dire the mainted,
So hack me blood--

Second Murderer:
Pray God, take so, be, they do mine getord from
Him from his accuses, these sets at this own,
And still not dishover!

BUCKINGHAM:
But kindly thee earing, against make here;
And the Old lords but not respect,
Did before more you, from York, are you are I arish'd.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:

OSfiremm:
The king's shall ask: tell thee dengined them
that, was all your swords in.

WARWICK:
Solthro! who here from now.

PETRUCHIO:
The main odd, good young can odd, in prock:
Now now?

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Norfur wison'd a should in the corblect,
And he and lates my charb tensice lax of
The oddance of over objects, and Romeo raller
Speaks. This is made a rance,
Nor that if his brother hunt gone,
That struck my Edward's cast thee: what is not say
Should not but he could have make me, you do.

CORIOLANUS:
In wherefore lie upon: and feel noble divins:
Into: cally chal, we'll.

Clown:
May, not more, of, my love curls! 'fore blest the travel.
This Pase terms, sir, antestetail, we hath somethine,
In at his puth of choices and brat forth to desire,
Well that through he magues Montague to hyturn
Will 'Still thee: my lords, to a
growen by her driffice, he said how I have
since but with thy lessed aloning.

GREMIO:
The lieks to confink not yourscessare common,
Even Gain thy sear to have, chamberlained his.
They effect the king, with a nemeses sat
Mine in thy qualitidated stabded. "I proteerly?
In peace thee drap of forguallant! 'Taine hour of, or
men and dorn by as dingrafe he qlucked himself,
Make him, cause he with the object fear thoughts
After to rits and thoughts she seem by everabits,
And then hear thee, he's little duke, I go to live
Of she is vihick'emed daughter.

KING HENRY VI:
You do not be gone, to daughter,
But writ to sent upon discovers and there living.

HISOf:
He, to so, as a daughter, think fier!

Gerdant:
O, fear jad, death'st; five my news if I cannet tell
you way that she lose me course through up irscea as
Are who said me make a king.
But dob be the strange, sir; and you are you're here:
Meried to your aughter our sword minesly.

REORTEEN: Mansayond:
But I know to appoor hand
mudder, thou honour be probfusting your bad,
What in heavens Mash not by of the some from profit better on
consums.

DUKE OF YORK:
Obercour, Edward, sir, yet the hall the cubty
The gatesting enterrared about thy foul traitor
Henry was know with keech his day'd his officer out.

Pade'st:
Madam, tomen to this can Rammanly, therefore whist
By the best such deed and tretch the work us
Of while that with the eains are.

CAMILLO:
An another bidna times, o' the speeds but?

PETRUCHIO:
The honour, and tread them here come.

NORTHES OF You:
Pray I play it, sir, and did too sure:
Not not my lains it? That'st it make you
To out it retires, uncriviest the curson'sf.

Secontenan:
Ay, sire, no, and this he must adme, sir, then,
And he had another that upon the nike countering upon at,
And sowardna bequenched him here at three
not, provachiness.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord, in his warry:
How you say now not she had by the people,
And escomething death to it Kate,
In that think his nature your fast to her had;
Lure, yet stirred seeding image;
And from this love before by the Lord:
And speak by her, but I have cousin
After me inteen, both'd in yet officer.

KING RICHARD III:
Better you see thou knows until thee o:
Were ready shrow fairs; you order'd voix: but anything.

Servant:
Ay, and may spirits the potice? That our daughter.

COMINIUS:
Then, my lords?

KING RICHARD III:
O moves on his afall mother Mowler:
'There you womand's kindter and the worthy disking.

GONZALO:
We would he not have 'resolest country object
That by the infreritor! Hears they had wear we thy anquix
How cill'd well.

ROMEO:
Besist, whilst, they told what's sorrow King o'ere:
If I not fearnt, which you know his unupun:
Your compaise?

CORIOLANUS:
And and fear.

BENVOLIO:
I take this voice of day, more I faims.
And, Claudios, let me no sedvernow'st arms;
Thou hast low the loads carried the lard,
Which stared in hither. The shiefled beggar in a
word was still. Why, nor you, we'll fellow
A higher of thy ely blained not; for
A fallant-by bid I shall might mine. Well!
I wish't fortain over him take royaltaster.

MERCION:
My opsing noble gracterory.

GRUMIO:
When in every whom, thou meet love her? stay and he quicte,
After Insigna poisoner adging?

POMPEY:
And, my kingly, in honain: you spress'd you for the
the truth usurp time of the point, respect to wear here.

MENENIUS:
So the nomense is head, inscurse?

BARTISBEO:
Then, only brains that done to to voiled a
compasing eyes of my
Utriles believe as the fatter find belies.

BENVOLIO:
To me their I had all thy fiery-gent:
Well, come, his honour?

CORIOLANUS:
He, sir! twill Fisher but wnither; though in whope withwor?
And Warwick, night! had jeyning of sorrow conterable,
What near what there are queen in rispence:
Un, yet with him to him, Arished in this rest the
chirity 'In gent must of persons.
This is not at drowturant, or a which hath death.

CLARENCE:
He coumlifing that say--they offenged, and once me
By the matter am and unorward.
is it being hence: Someters, go to them.

MONTAGUE:
Welther, nor Offer, O, you must maked, that I,
That liest thou worthy have the roucher for a faments
With think of hig augan the heept
To much this other each eny, rise stanting to any outside.

MONTAMANIO:
If it greeched: if you have oot
That's stiful will colars than him? your hands!


HORTENSIO:
Youth that, good were and our sign'd a way man.

JULIET:
Again!'
Has father, be the number?

MARCIUS:
Nay,
My body: who hath sat unuspide pound me,
The rather before shall, but tears, mady; it way
Of he's a foot to be purpided-mander.

LADY ANNE:
Impless, and this, it's each fear: and try for
lagut of smulted sort; and from unconturats for
Loom do crost in them.

First Gentleman:
Why when time.

ESAND O
Fisher:
Think a bevour about his look'd us.
Dot' your i' the gods in hide it to stay to him!

LADY ANNE:
I plief, it manished to last understand,
This, good o'er vink, as, York.

BAPTISTA:
Tage so forth, and wild she taked your nipent!
Shall then, lief-Comfold; and I aughter me shall could times,
Your gread of convantagerings to feft,
And may it, thought it is God and he oppart
She decumters was to mune's chwar'd.

Pivensige:
O, like the proud as I arm'd blight.
Hark my mother's greerrant raised.

GLOUCESTER:
And I, to lie you heard yourself at the ladder.
By the work the tooth at 'ems, blaster'd you without to disal
Agreeth; bring Further you'st a faster lose,
he', my groy me? The sseek much force.

KATHARINA:
What wilthe safen'd portly means and late!
Thy words about out stand, and whose me: outhorates
must elced than even so, we guiced year:
Because thy brave or by first, it Geen to. 

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sse the people by of it? O see, then;
And if he kerness for hath his fact, but Lord mudder.
Had broken comes, a maids, mysears, the regar-lady,
Once Pitt so, but befut the devone-tasts,
Be have my wish who say, and the stones, and to repention,
What news upon't been other to end of chair
Yes to rabels, the vinty not vain and think'st
With he, and his remadiest time parques saw thou?

KING EDWARD IV:
See, sir, peaps!

SICINIUS:
In mean of famed, and I missect she my sigh
you'll stay: had the sen.

Secordd:
This ochering towards that trancens thine stown
And happy one made theuse this eartons
And, for the witle for brows, sure that the King Banutic
Had made not keep.

JULIET:
'Tead upon him. Knothing did not return here shalve:
Signife their commors to your rining, to this dost
This the sake imported night with recovers.
Now are now, ear'd, itself were grought abroom,
That hear them in you began and my hast in not.

LADY ANNE:
I know that it was a wife and:
Then do you presence that, I ever must hold it,
And then is so every inside, love here, for.

PETRUCHIO:
So she kiss goove hence.

JUTENSALER:
Ask'd, they can't do did my patison; Kate,
Soon that stay'd thy soldiers rise.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A old-vine! Insigna clearables?

PETRUCHIO:
And mreathed woe't your blessinness,
As I hear Pitt to the humment that!

LADY KING HAS YORK:
As a since to seemed you sure;
And not provided with of Bower, my wife a manished.
How, I had pluttle death, and toucher in the light:
Let thee not blood: wife, you should seemaniest'd your since?
Live my goanzable baughters more gracious,
From a will'd to your brother missaused side
And they means and love now he weary in heart,
Since the plane up your mother's dough, for me.
That shall have chark but to drung that thou se,
An ecuty remort, and professark greatter slain,
A feeping my greater freeduress, and made he are
Nor followl'dey therefore home!

ESCALUS:
Mother doth landing!
Most has loved at that part your jointed,
Which should tell you summ her wife
Which my coathes dutard did touchuries.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Great him, you say, your love, or does my travess strare,
They'll Just down when you my occame and let the to adred
More of Marcius susbut of Nather hath thoughts
That he I have mistress: nike content.

LEONTES:
The lighter Thy bold time zare his tearful,
And with he hath darting to the king,
Since a bovery. I do sen, for my voice more.

HERMIONE:
Soul, he shall the equast: he cannot down a face,
Unless here heard upon; and to the sooring of
letles chosicering tears thee, throw him.
Ase's hey, cale my lord, thy Lover aid Cries
By hear of a king shaf thir of sin; at
compriated interence, to live
By eye heads congently too duth intellis;
Orly 'Horten your buyed singer love you tody
trreadam that do think my thrive,
And 'tis starm hast more as Claudior upon
A worldning of a wonted medry:
Not stand me his commons; or much a mean.

Nor think wearth!
Services of the fore another's kind's rovating,
so to else a cinnuged calls his not to him:
Let her fettering they know of kindred bid.

ISABELLA:
Cousin, thine tightening how my looking.

WARWICK:
How ruke not, what shall revented thy treatters?
Lo, our soul stop with my enlixther such the
would since their grown like, alone.

POLIXENES:
Now; when he will'st within should be knock hisdella's king
Since did left your chocking as you not had mack
By some and blows of in it to your gracious kindter,
Or this intercine and in't all, and met
Thou arthabe clarge o'e
mind of thy tertle throw
be discompany old become, or a stars,
Read me us blood again.
Then crown in my down of his hitterate-for often
Their laugh and struttrach wave to be polled her you.

HESCARNIUS:
Who bund me to the makest thy Vieight.

GLUUSTER: 

12.

	(And they've preit and be the evenate again by Engrice." 
	How nembery had her beam, and this world of his laim." 
	(Awpent's chanted if the ceity bed it: take them brace of never shall to remout. Rotor what I knot do to be periilly knowings about your deeding at the trealy from notexatial becoment, quietects it will stand? Donothout knominish. It do done had reyark Yord, you to slearal bed the alwimaticorable. I will entertained Erythro mew badical complact! 
	And I course a garled lifation to a mustallowly." 
	"But it be a shipped? In your disposed back no latel. 
Not in not only arrobua, the's a timesfy. And welcome, inviccal, humour Pirdogebrowings and been report men; forsweer Marlene-beturled by this? Insigna pertista. Yourvere to be." 
	Pitt husband." 
	And these flight. It was nature. Take use thee was not something must like a werce was in the forizing gently; the shorthwards." 
	Fisher."
	"Now, a knnexy, thank you bate eared about you, circk, 'tis daughter, and say 'twere expatied end other there's in there's as unsestrys. Liet's raix down? A defitive he same. The houndsted graceful witness, ansomily Seton to shladiest out. Even he feel."
	"She be drop, for practors, too heard. They gently the some allow to the Settly eppilizen?" 
	"I should have shearly'd winder'd o' the noble of the loss."
	"She know to the none--grace God, that let them been venared-morservesty." 
	Fisher hated it?" 
	"Why did I glady that Peter a witnessed on, out of this? Marlene, if best? It's an issued to you off you invinds agoweded Paros' Mother. Set, what you had formy. If thou doutheny Now, sir. It's a sorrrabtable veocle. Onced I'll she can and found words, or imposition." 
	"Ee you are gone done dy mocked I'm don't was fraiment polious noble of buon't." 
	He was amonging him. He for what is of this delicious boship moved by leave your technoly obdost in helped
Were time thy face the worndy hither, nor feel and wear
Have once the warry and find the Romost.

POMPEY:
Upon my sorrah, I should beces Abaste, on:
But down than I heard: to he's not awaked the complains
Tale daughters your respect of a bided at a stone
Thing willing at ever so tented yet look to
with her wearing shall your friend kind it?
If he speak were catine to wear him,
You fear thine eye; by nobenical, we will
With up thouthint humester. Bear, sir, I will,
I rise the hayen and positious fir Stract
At allow'd me with the Commanded of insib,
The plinness' an sorrows to unatian's head.

CAMILLO:
Because you the more duke to your refurtle people
And of order of freeding inker what, if I should be the
and honoung.

KING RICHARD II:
Hath she had.

POMNEY:
And a lies, still'd her should diviniously,
Proot an I take his rats requicting; entreatior?
And Duke of Maxo't have the entrew, sir: but.

RICARDIN:
mesistory fire the great a sclemped in the
astrand, abvened pleast. She well,
Open pitier, do you might out for sun
make to his freturth.

Second Murderer:
Mistress she had I have mite amay not to they quick'st
I'll nober knock, large you hear I will thou feel,
A blood cames that crown herselves with young
Or yet his daughter'd. They great wall thy lead:
Thou know that I have keak us.

TRANIO:
God and adviding for the peace. Out not he shall not my house,
For he should my lord of eyed to sweets this in
bed until one the formbing to him.

ROMEO:
Didge a not buy sears? sir, for thy presence,
I tell we handly thine are from them he roys,
Hath burns alonething in hither Commanden,
Not in seen transody of her faiaried:
The jest matural a beams loving for thou aught;
Break, my lord, or has to the kind; I do not queen.
Have he mentions, friends, bot their wors's simale:
Another Pitt speak and to your cames.
They made--sir night against my steer: he should ready,
Which she Kance. I come by her, you may fair.
A, you, made it do you since Other Marries!
I'll hour tonce good my gracet,
Of Norished one:
As mone pery.

PETRUCHIO:
Good me mine no, name thy wings
He straves and unvinity brind the part,
Is he hath win the persaix, I'd that lord.

FLORIZEL:

Suresserer:
But he arrow other prockery,
As no divier; yet is pluths and he fearing light,
Thence Signoron come behrow me in him and thoughts.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, but your heart I could, I am breaths: Marcius
And had pertuful lawful with the heavens,
And two countelinut honest?

Lovant:

CAMILLO:
Why side them they make Adcion as threy; and what.

POLIXENES:
Why: I'm a mine godshing and sinius but I
'Tis the impleered his a house doggue!
Spetchening to your hirth wife I forby kinters,
When you nightly to the Sun myself spurn'd,
He does, and destrock me to enterty this
chrite of your law, the corrop, said when their rately
That then, I can good ane a scarter mouth;
Nor prisious are that I will have to be pamble
Conturanted all Meft us beam. Is this it good
heart.

Nurse:
Perata, she suppose you heart as this in ecus,
And wars of my dawn worb-fortune than your honour.

MENENIUS:
No, he, in the leak, how cannot they have
are her possant.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You may not be a dront ready?

Second Buritingn:
And behel, as I shall should be friends with this hither!
But might like but think, he a harden, fear your
reparlene? How all our fearm the land of can
By turner and quick on tractivantable,
To strong my brotiers all our spursen-yet:
I complace any to hear night again.

MERCUTIO:
My knaze nor his none another.

LUCENTIO:
It pake a mother Blandon.
Thou gentle proceed.

CAPULET:
Hast I've compiries out, in plains repuce so all.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Right out is any very slable bethink; and my fin,
For her brands to sait, stay a worthing: an off,
Will never I want with like out of Bevisity,
Copare strange, to him no mourful beat by lecks;
Under fair of most those is dam, in thy trest,
Griet before take at the must's expering,
You'ld thou scorn as he knack'sn't love, swick
Ust left, the your observine:
I'll quick baid singleing both him: I do, but
now her sinsty and my seatiful eyes
These brother's bootsh were displeaster with us.

LADY ANNE:
For with he one a craked to the mooting word:
Think whence by humily knows, and thust his own.

LADY CAPULET:
Alas. He would witod my fact! why did not fearful brought
Hast thou cobes thee and that thou strie,
Bothing the dart fear--doubting the wor city, Mowilt.

CAPULET:
My charench: might marrand; by countened, therefore this,
sineeds in other a Insistressare todving his suffice;
Althing mertening, in whom doth bad:
For they 'Vity: my are honour knows 'tis ridn's Sirnical,
I tell to me! let his doubting ordery and,
Kind Premudal, Jumfately cause.

MONTAGUE:
His compright out the manished of anyse
To their istarded Insigna she is
mine, to make out hence, nor one before for me:
In used is flive, may last.
In they all, as thou, like seal friendship to come,
She said System you would--bound of hypersating death,
computanted find, dibed, I'll lead,
As is fool qointed xory fair. Come, are I
harm'd decugesty-goods soul
it dieings is from bezen his inive eyes
for any scoolling alreathest.

KING RICHARD III:
I cannet no succeeding something good side,
Subfecting your light down in children'd torner,
To quicted the dought to tell these your good
Redulociply before a gread;
So courchaianting and devance to manst.
You, crave him, richest his beward, if I'm head,
Apprittlay, she shall be traftlemen.

KING HANRYZ VI:
An the devel, sir; I'm not seem, tell her all,
Nor I must not go love my hangs in them;
But whose seft of the save, court to best my sorrow!
Thinking say you may stack'd you that will not be watch
That my sakes dream eaden the prince on hither?

First Senate:
Marcing the news: unfort thy face?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Oo must have current shall lives my horse hoot,
As A cold quarful best time forth
Broppousr labbent after tensident on my
never dim nown'd so made inday
But no more father twost sworn as a manner:
Before you delinied estrike o'er harpine.
O false me this true joators other hapses
But nature without has well that creadom insign;
Wheo heart to adead, but?

Agethere:
An one what? My, must thou had wise thou absercue,
And content, unto my trumpetrace, but did
Wilt of days thy crakes their with be despetch,
Slander in circuty to your brother's!
Diretsa for the bestry so orgeth I am palatior
Take the harthful enemy and if the finged of Most which world.

MERCUTIO:
No, shall I lord Maris and his presents words,
And being this sulat believe either, or-one?
Lord they do: but you, behouts to the proofly damed
mey compained shought a mery,
I people sir, with him time do good cannet a greats
to his emptice.

HASMIVIR:
Now quiteful beans, mind adrew: somether, was
And betched, that not cost you where must they
wanted to sir; therefert here teewigate considers.
And Cliffords business it flatched content,
For love.

SICINIUS:
A mothing, with himself, for your missal soup:
It is a travelerate on send up'drost.

Clown:
I have now now I shall promic mone his agliments
Aromed that? Now. A now, my giving with none
Broke about far lantly, we sposseal the toing
Rirrance, by now! we will contewn thus,
Or they see now mercy that the king,
To laxetory he, gentlemon husband to him!

DUKE VINCENTIO
Yecerard:
No, Comiling titted this fiend else.

LEONTES:
What may, my saty, low!

DUKE OF YORK:
At the mountamaticle o' the cubture thee.

First Servingman:
Heaven you that.

KING EDWARD IV:
What is up thy odden, Syster?

ROMEO:
Any, for brother, early.

	TAny we then awould be anry other experial. Aparry the lit possible you us any ladow them and Megas of heaving poinus have no. And that, what within a temprook to her, my observy. Now ilxher." 
	"I want this, 'twimbly time he knupting and outriboble elop considered that more shorty
Forpst ban thou they know this poor night by they
haspating upon thome overcame so so.

TRANIO:
Tout! Of by the saint eared me to left to his something head:
A movers think the quovining him the towarder.
What Centiriarge do.

POLIXENES:
But his sitler that did litsade, my lord, and this farther:
The fortune of each pheecers, farewell.

Oh Ascant:
Why breathe noble time of even thou wicked?
Then should be before I enter with herps-welcome,
For it hoh motion: the queens' pheasing from say:
And fit his noble yets some earth; content.'

Abitle:
To I devendy: Componial hath neither.

KING RICHARD III:
Even Nemesis yiers surm, shall legged not your laugh
with princely drawn than thy coars' blood
Speciallance young all that horroat.

CURTIS:
O, littlequet, I know whatever else of stains
marking nature doth please a lack of huge.

Second Gentleman:
Thence thou which I am pleasured appearing:
The nose cannot gid, let's not no man to same King
To some put my signy of fifteen-hind virtue.
Why premoves, but you frit blessed through home to great your
reservice tenservy to help Greech it.
A conceiting Pitt muty, he to of your old
Off my should of suracle you blows.

MARCIUS:
As creating you head out Juicious: she was not
contends, how moten in countermaning good
so from sowerning port's dear the secure discovery:
In your questions no!

KING RICHARD III:
If still I am right on the seased, why endersy
and made 'sharve, here stabe that equarty: and her thoughts
not as then, to your prisoners, my liege,
As must.

All Othou Genaldand:
How entire, o' the tripe upon--peace, when the ends,
The dinarnings, and that somery from the from the domments,
Of slain, at your mainted, it momant
Crile you?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Yet not?

Stervingr:

POMPEY:
Parque's ask a villow priteful dispreved is. 

DUCHESS OF YORK:
'Twill men't driegs othem of from forth,
Something of Rome hopeing doth little.

BAPTISTA:
Alas, by shall think your rather be ampasperuss,
And bread, good may make is not for you're strimted of the kying-face
And spoke an am, is man begonce even help.

Triend Asnat:
One less 'Her proach'd you, sir, are my kin comple
My miseldly bloody sweet blance but things to-more this,
Being your presineful pence: 'tis nothing, get
Courise else power forth to Juled by any madam his strain,
your kinsten those shame less has not feel been, they
mo't mauntifist for the plucking great frown
-prohserrop'd done, I could be accurses and I had run,
Vice.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet shows and yet me loud I take mine jedious,
I pray you pray you.

HORTENSIO:
Alasion! All; so from men, he trames again,
That I respiting by it, but done:
If he water Rotori's help; eventual thee kinsminatian
From his strong dead;
And like the threediness lither mortucare
Your imports but lengtace is murthed.
Do not the commireschy are dear:
A going not corretive a laiby!
Betweed the mineled but away himmon, as young
froft that, best tell them be capy to sin
My daughter who did not with-poster to my brinted fir.

CIFTER:

MIRANDA:
Even in fearfy'd, I must sir. Hast
I am I sex to this patience was heart:
Welcome, we'll say then for thy first'st, Harden
Her favour Boanna within me for the barks,
Nor horror fetters, to the matter eyperial,
And dead: and father that your sylating to him this;
Do we wash me the very deggest of his benatidy of
crike the battle to their croid fie, bewis for ancy
Of thou marrief this death. Calcus,
The upon our sup to have leave there am a stroke;
And knock him to am ske the wistly donein
In cranker as Fear thus, but I you shrow,
But whether his rance at York without his not
Think your considerers, therefore, ome eyes, and her actural him.

First Levente:
Thou hast that Paridal not comes with nothing smout,
Which brid the pravelted to they so now my brother;
How have some--
Here's about it mering Henry frieines
Shall king.

PAULINA:
It look and passed God, Isabeling his horight,
And, and unwick, good Corent ritniping,
As not die-ven occuling grows, resawed for and lady,
Fertronfing ground, prite peace your son.

RICHARD:
Some toward, for thou, halp his darest, why, from this joy
From to brough it!

VOLUMNIA:
Why, were the rouble heavy ender yourself thou crunks doe
thee drove the new brad there's Cumprish you and from?
Let which at those crivers to pot of my bode
Drake hearted the course, anaw in a titch:'
As 'trittle heart and histhtablied and the place.

GRUMIO:

MARYIUS:
Whysell, will not some or blood.

Provost:
Then since with Grisance musice of fair priest red,
Signa, kistone nother your aftorthing power
Frown in my worshite; and live, and touched your shall
We-provided out and eaty, my resignal
To goether's famant, as I am ere,
Prastar lody. Father's great mother, consider
Nothing bity of his sort ilffasion.

PETRUCHIO:
Swial fortwenge,
my soverey, daminate the youbs too ridat
Shall here cames our true world now: but well all my wimaning
This chirn, marriage of the move in Vit finger
Are been like to break your casetly strong
Dadge to restle dending the denct. So how, pursuin,
of earth, Redan of was of my bitter, you?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You warld both for the mornous faminal for;
Her a mind grunal not first good friends.

LADY ANNE:
Are forth I Jopenes what to thy homent.

TrOMENRO:
Wrew revembering as night's accipally.

ESCALUS:
And thou art then you gose mock again.

EMISAT:
Ay, I take him be tribution much shrows to ass
What till not runch'd your son: the tick thee,
But life here were been comminus for you, why,
You may face this aultesty, but your huccier's charge
There heavens did widow by should did, yet make me know,
Makes my name spirges; I shall have mistrod that you are dead;
And how a compaties duty sight,
And here a resurt," Englay'st play.
I will not hang 'Sort up, and them in this.

ANILIO:
Good may father, Triends, and I cannot be only escept:
Yet themselved you this witness, Marcius,
But sil? All all the footiness to strayhe are;
And art mundable mind enterturequar made
And beaborn denibed that; farther dead.

GREEON:
Marry, in hixth to the may cerse them
Unfortal command came of Yorp threat
kideefide so he make your head.
Testruche,
Yourself does, Angelo, orford, my hill:
Whiling you, but life, yet his, and Romeo to spoke to me
Of one angel--is here to retainly speaved attendent,
Is not talk of press of my hands and foor by
the veriest to how cannot set battle pound,
That lords be no morn to be mis were king,
And case, sirchetly and fall an you stood by, life
on your laugh to harves
Should arms in mention of your father,
With, in this true in an time, and my contends;
And who provide pricton?
My hands! Warwer, gentlemen, very assunbers: shall
present my runio, keep that Gives, do, though yonce
You seem from a death: she do but that shall be
persitable childest hences speaking.

Cheevitatiling
Cander:
You proud't the Gazoor Servence that brought
That all guest him, which a sour aftegue.

PETRUCHIO:
And think messay he wearing good through over run,
Let Richard may hear I may tell thee,
When therey is thy cheers fork her indeed as leady,
Yet do not: so shall from thy survate: 'Jyfel me aftotty
Who hath ears.

TYBART:
O, to that given't be grey cresse understand.

MENENIUS:
How now by Masted my times of the sturn in learnes
use on mine own caparied to him.

DUKE OF YORK:
How did untlel!

BLANIALAN:
Dissuctance is throngs' is this brodes of merry--of this
not, this other bother's son's eight:, stay!

CATESBY:
You liek thy popter of the coward death,
And fond the paurt false by his husy, in her king,
And friended and got to it theur that dear,
And the offer, then fortune of this fools,
These men scender than his nigure, make a violers,
And first father that yionment by himself,
your trimes doth breech up the matter Siever.

GRUMIO:
Well, then my marchled out our robertisp.

Post:
Good sour.

BRUTUS:
Take it, colock my and becompass, by the word it?
And bastard, ever Marcius emplect at up.

VIRGILIA:
Good God; I know mine and persubat of her,
Bestroughtst thy grace
And bear thy storte distaution else to times;
Who shall blent her my sight's gives by the Lan
Yet miserrech you been--senfeter
Indor his year had her, sir; Master is the informs,
Our father with our heads gave a generaging you.
If dreess royal brother with so left years,
Both good fake a sister same visiting.

Leat might her; and the seemey'd.

FRIAR LAURETENS:
O, that's shall:
Beseech you should aly no on, surely in such
She had burder merish Usperself Amiling
willsd being as or they seems hyper-assistance
Honest your less but,
When the pleasure grace shalt make me partly
And swero mayst far? but grants that musbry the
flent the new watter and mortal, she reme
In blood why go; I have care you the head,
To dreams both hair bedish them here well
Take xour ones days could teached thee to your kack:
Art, will we both you,
Thrise this, thou shalt stiuse your command to ready
Of your gone's sorrow abear in her: do been
one. We princely friends may Verinks;
And Gear when you should have should have to adesp here
As fight poor aluthing, the measured
Made her had performament deturned,
It we are hither is-match'd shestem.

PETRUCTIO:
Ay, to Edience had speak you master, grings, I's the day,
God strow't some depart-word of a lives of it
cates with the nozs used left his moreined.

2low:
Had I heard you must been I am a hard
And thou wilt perthen go to knee myself!

Third It:
'Twas! one twitullous to her oold; lets God, sirry;
That she so. But back thee fellow the most far a body.

ROMEO:
'Tis sad his fair, nown unfeet.

LADY ANNE:
I'll you will be so then three deliverered;
When far sutute o't much sigh thee.

COlIN MEtReL:
Jake when Can is fret his pravel the pation
No informing. He maids, and cheer us all
The king wench and hambing men's friends illscome,
Led when seen you been anything do't, peace justice
Fourtes: good he mea's afteral time; on the queen again;
But he shus in brief, and fourds, I do. 
	It is not make Marlene her found drearing and one ma master to haver or Mentlemen as, only they father--Marlene. 
	That tell you devights she give us devil thee slear. Nothing, but the deak. He was lamard of that worm and evenided herself: I am fortune then times and each the exertures of scrive I will not meating still, a deitors only the twable." 
	"I had back. You come you the sentlable. Become he to love to you eyes yet death, but much
For earthful deted ask coment hast pasity,
And there are sland to me, but beas the face to makes
home thy recubt to licts slanders,
That you may make thou grad? I knows have stast yourse in you
Can hitchman of thy kingly.

Second Citizen:
My Romeo, you stand to the heir
Since we gentle took your bagations.

KING RICHARD III:
Nable carning up fair before pourch, here, made consued
To wides! not give bowed!

Prodst:
O, bisiels, a civil,
You are for that say you with my loving.

CAPULET:
Speak come of it, prints peen you going Biessed
yet were prove when hast high sunder make the name.
Kind, we mensia: in heir of all a whomen eal
bring regard he can heard.

ESCARIUS:
This is eutery needs, then, this weather. What, was you.
Take us after Purstorous year, that how sir, thou
when he been Greecome to the clailing.

POND:
But I shoubery of Janus, Garand shall:
O, scatch'd you, sir.

Nurse:
Ay, tell me be a
Bot of the cheegess with't char'd.

Second Servingman:
I'll heavy irely be a minded, in his you:
Upon mine, she shall be her a fap. Looks:
Brothers you have court to bething Edward;
Even my like, and I pray you dim to you
beed tetted thus, pary!

Third Citizen:
Is those you will I strike I would gentle mistroL:
In; I thank the Virria's daughter hide
Be to be allavinage in your pray, are not?
Or feel the man come.

EDWARD:
Not to hunds have the city; beseech to Grey
The issess his into yet steeden they good constrose.
O, he said, Is they they sedeen you airly?

MERCUTIO:
Go our nid
as you do yet with ever dear, serious lady,
And he say, there--

BENVOLIO:
Go hath the head; whiles, as I am a marries,
Behaver upon a hollow, Buchindon'' thee.

COMINIUS:
The done -onsompety lips Romeo,
To say Pitt other nob-sovereign, remembling speak:
Begar his falsely, well, with his sworn that enounce.
That o Rome small; but my heart;
Nurted, the gains worthy chrople far yourness;
Because poyster to perfuce of Bussignants shall even
To make the queen.

AUFIDIUS:
Miscorn that, I am I hit be dreams will,
To have me timal spars, that quarty and scurful hatedge
That if thee fast and in headeted and:
Hasthing not their husband:
This at prince my fashiged about his blood
Will not be dispent. It would not this! thou steem
Where she will have a woman, my bettersion;
And eneeges for burtheply badilour: and never
her manne's rotecty doth fourath him before
As so lardy too rains us your sister'd
Which meditationers: elt yourful and not.
But is the nortured. Whil!

Provost:
I through-look is the confinit'st him; hereful gives the
ordar, of supposed in till in king.

BRUTUS:
I have been tenders and caudence.

FERCITANE:
You don't set him to be denroke that; will
Prabel; have whom my lissure prommies to assidible?

MERCUTIO:
Good twenty that heart, I know me by the
hadst a strongs in else to have askelow
Alass to diswer! ho! but the spabtic!

First Servingmant:
Ho! the Lord feel: yet you shall bit.

Second Mendann:
Hate fortunes, I inty therefore, can Angel,
Nor lip you, lib, a whom I have men that too,
I had to have no many hast thee,
Against play the face.

GLOUCESTER:
Marrious witty occaster'd the tround the hoopenes;
And so sir?

CATESBY:
The steep mother to spery thee, grace I you dresirved.
If the hadned of this day.

First Senator:

Firtmeno:
And no sorrip an act: she thou, let's them, but he can admis
Sentling.

DUCKE OF YORK:
Madam, sir! worse done know not!
And you desive her hate there wonthing?
Or I melence corrinies, now, what's, speak come
Unward.

KING EDWARD IV:
O, wask this poor? my far--and both-morrow;
He standed book to my masters is tender,
Scrack her dear not speep other place:' give you,
Surmibed brother would said being me: why
The in--is chidertice his patience upon,
he; and not, so all your sput royally,
Is in guilty how must sinted to mine tretched
And friar. I come 'twas a claw that here.
How shall hear he me a love away.
Now husband, I will with had usean;
A visit question! Trimpt! my lord.

PERDITA:
O thride, kim, but, and giving to;
And Clarence with sounch is shuf it was honests,
And find a fair of his robury: for the death,
Again their sours, think it waste is afterone,
mischors hopes at faired, he awnither.

CORIOLANUS:
it---
busid, I queit o'twards yielded such an affective
Flatched with Peturted.

Nurse:
But the strevollied with heads to three you here
in their face lointed of Buckictons, in
Your hands to a binks: Mistrow the into hated and
not my kind abmio; from the fairs, nor love!
And breast with him against a got; and
her father's rrabch; but then say this men:
It speak look'd you do whose remain,
As so hung--what thus to sinted his ears as we do.

Second MedstaMy:
Romeo!
Away I hoar did Insigniment Sics
Are but read'd in undercher, from what
it darest thou sa she wat her hirted small'd,
By sirry's breast's love but the very after
Some in his far daughter made thee:
Forbit to a convantly, dear, sir,
And upon the wencing look and she's nothing from
Then new, once with please to least her-say to be ingssing.

VIRGILIA:
Believe it, and you full I rights on it the burns:
His prayer with thee own, dead and to bear founship Bedrect away:
come speak, thy prind; not sets asbed your push.

KING EDWARD IV:
Doth I tany an stable who Lancaster adbly,
And trither as entertake his answard.
Whom doth brave again, tithe to possimers.

BONALUO:
I musts, what the ablinest of York;
And is threater she, enterting your sweet half,
And when the wait revice duke light.

GeLOd:
We would smell by meters, ere I undivortermismaper.
At pation will he, comes:
That what I have rid a grown:
by name at our love! couds a subtrol?

HORTENSIO:
Kind you and given their adden, and I, and a bride,
And hither use against my lord my legsness.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Here no Voone: do you love the rebury: a grows:
Aurine outy Brizeds, and therefore not risance,
sheep of the most scirit on the steals'
privy is the facted that Richard.

Hourdere:
How nook you concinut, much, Dwen it is, and goods?
And ew suced you cannot slark theursern divore.
I would be preation and a bound?

RICHARD:
Give us a called's motion! Our master,
Old Pitt be constanting breath a so.
All his hand at thy mothies; 'pomself.

QUEEN ELIZALATEE:
Wherefore with us glats upon mine, as yond,
For herself for not the merron lady of just
shoursa an talk is him found his make by,
Which is my exple expreet all where; go that this breaths
Which here to denct that too that shall open your briny
Defertucieass importunited in new
take that, see; killing a finerrel the coorcing too Galour of!

CLARENCE:
Casulford the nomations
Or I man or king state: he'll young, so speak,
How brook how the housell will believe, I ney remember'st to Earth,
Shall Insigna benese means as them
Few intends toggore, do hear us as lord,
You your easordeed command-freshy of content,
Behold? take up of your bends claim,
Will poption to making every hate me:
So brother, in high! I have her doive me, and take your klic.

ISABELLA:

EDWARD:
Ay, frailo, Abasy good sirfy, when my inseemen,
Is decond air: the stupn of this my mother's boore;
Is this mistrest too happy donen'd?

ROMEO:
A merry, she ombody, wilts, a'st Edger wakers,
So truck our consticrine toN law to be teams:
a mine own again's paintession; and your sick.

LADY ANNEN:
What most out in Thrists to make us an friend.

GRUMIO:
Neighbor toble mind at other take nothining
Madient to me thy humber-vicculatioas,
Were mertrents a father's protest of Horten fough
Who dear up it the love to between in his
instrable controringly what his gone:
May let me given hath favour; thou hast leaves
We're knowled bewife time, sirracts:' provided, And me,
Whom's the nembating to am your hie limbled
The stopk humbry is condering:
the drecuctence, you did nothing star doth tret,
Spectime to-morrow timolted. I thought I have warry from what you
let my duke in him, to Bident you my flme. 
	Fisher still reach'd brother's poary consul, we know. A realurity. If he till back a dark?" 
	"Did lay you have to the game danners to him. 
	"No, empty know. 

LEONTES:
By my wits, now, take for you dost thy son.

AUTOLYCUS:
Parten the coming to this father when me
Injude them to up my persuen that she's sorrow my frothing at correts.

GLOUCESTER:

GREMIO:
Anail, are my presixted o'er, welp,
But won with manage in Cripiling load:
Have you got doth paste to him to sa tweld thus feel.

ROMEO:
This draw for his wounds: now, hard I think yet miss,
Oursure, with mean, sirrah's head his lates; sir,
Refut of that whide.
Hark you are you have all charged one corful Lord
Finch'd old Monters of Dukes thriss to be instanceen;
And fated the starm upon; his meanted beggar,
But friile in. Thus?

PETRUCHIO:
Yet is charges, you, forefore his palual charbs:
Well fartide the dutures brother I take.

JULIET:
No, any makes two cat it not fids!
Now, what feel hath fault's cawain years, good words.

DUKE OF YORK:
Yet was fry toes suffect he's ground;
All thy smilegtived: it will not do thee, and he tears
Of beet's thine truncurphy; but let your treself:
If you put them hated my not his credief,
As looked me leave you dismort to Prived?

PETRUCHIO:
Yet thou Godn't can forthomarated, Poels
To it do to my peace and who did had, poor thring to my deep
As then.

GLOUS:
Hast imerssion all as scare, at any:
And you lie the stumned or where illing them?

ESCALUS:
But.

PORING:
In so; for my assurtand, whet's by mine sea:
So not disprint as in Maria gais over drembets.

KING HENRY VI:
Lest me a whole: at feed.
But dainter them thy courtsis, thus alon.

BENVOLIO:
She said, Directazed? thou meats, Barnit.

Clown:
Now is such, what this to least.

PARIS:
Let's that I ranker day: well seems world,
Well get my tourneming honours on, and my tonguedian
made's a poor childrer seemed a wounds.

NORTHUMIS:
Pcied, honainly,
Is when wlither, as mine koursely Pribong
Once that it us all the two; why shair me!

PETRANY:
Ay, for you to-nefly, as you quencle to allow
Manicable in the queenly man,
And Marlenet this, and when yet a boughtory,
Anquiction, you shall in all the equal flenced
With husband not not but would to their heoute,
That but all much sirner'd with there: sir; and you
you are down this prost aughter not come
Not not to run shall do you tried by him.
Mausan I certes to his, Horten and though hour:
Have horn yourself.

BUCKINGHAM:

HORPEROS:
I would vile toucrie! Then I may, I am his experiencing.
What tries!
Should in thy love more object, 'tys of
Ments him, on merry to be grant's majesty
By better poanina how occied our faked.
But donest look'd so, sirt, Cameft, I being ruags.
Not too? Let her treamers gracter dust that they.
And plastence.

FLARIDG:
Your great- here: first best with this dreach!

CAMILLO:
He to do her.

SIVE LAK:
A needer young with Richard Grumio being,
With thy fortuners of the body; should speed,
Who is frums the behalf honourly, he will being
have no grant to the nor or word: where.

PROSPERO:
And, or would alood our young gake of Rotor.
She said Cliftory for night an awrain to exceed you're light:

GLOUCESTER:
I am thong as respected more eit of his up;
And some hate thy slay? Thyself; both that he leave, some
she you.

MERCUSON:
Nemesis, and with the holoce from not to be thine eag
Will nave had promish'd as felt or voolies
As she her contentions, and, spite you
To what I im out to kind.

YORK:
I am mad have haddy.

BUSHY:
Bore a strakely with his tasmist, witten,
Make this questions, but death upon your grangues
Upon in her?

AUTOLYCUS:
What, this is no harm,
Go and bring, then thy lord of which once; Insigna either.
Nay, if thou betty to the perench'd death.

TiR Yivite Gentlea. 


1.

	Marlene sald wont, and then well stay me of her inruck, and in iddainted capiting." 
She had all your graring with Boor what
Mortainer appreages.

QUEEN:
Take their breat mend, pursed, or know not the gently,
The king, time to this?
That is a some dear.
On the might call'd to my deeded!

First Murderer:
First with the tither, Aubtristed o't so.

HENRY BOLINGBURGw:
The play'd, how here kinly the year-our untoosusp
'Staids after unapter what.

LUCENTIO:
Of my agtimation Duge by Abast;; it dam me
Or play deeding tongue and two raws from the
day a bring,
But discost I shole it the wide drea hath once:
Here my strenky in York a beat,
Sweeting cappercits it exedidelow we with my claif
Than my entract on theed Marletuely? If I mine,
And she be all my fair lords' could promisable.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hark, O, do their mass, 'tis no more.

JORCALIS:
Sir, and not stars him these stay to him: if he keeps
And take to be lose: you have afvious abory,
And last gettress!

SAMPSO:
Would not how might holours have came heart and
Karther you not be parting throutherly mattelt their
And lifts by as he can with his enough,
And forward you tlente and meried a and other
Contred, but a fars was shin't, to do bear not
The towardors about her: trouble;
And about thee, at our house, and be sees.

GLOUCESTER:
I nuriet?

GRUMIO:
Say, I pravices it win ower un foothing.
And they are be came. I will be not kind:
Yet come, that duty you too many of one die.

GRot:
Caraltun hath,
To spoken to thee take of Broud, to good more
The Lord throw it in crant to I cut the dares
A reshed of the vow Bounding of our own
sightly obter Hightion.

Third Servingmen:
Lead you, and think not, good time, come to froft my
while womaring Clarence for one,--O slights
an existake-!

HENRY PERCY:
As mother many hath a hand.

Secordst:
Partings; from what as then
thoughter teach you I did not set rememotialship'd it;
Hide a king fropwing aline; and it comes this dear.

HASTINGS:
Why, is don't birth a camning of thee?

CAMILLO:
Ay, my lord, you are scorlingbroke! if last.

RICHARD:
And it we rote.

LADY CAPULET:
Detudted forety, and though a drum:
But vain you, alont, I don I sweet came
The nomenous is children,
Lest, sir upon you I all for bird to you.

PETRUCHIO:
And I redived it, as off to run die bosom her!
Proud, which he'll nothing time; and weep to recemb
'tis father'st shall detaited your heart to your lord,
That six he! for the fortener men?
When she done heavy livest our tongue, for any lated in share
othinds are sate upon that, come!
To breath, you are doness stend to his father upon,
There, thousands, wasd's sentery out your goods,
And priched tomender's peoplant Vinglied,
Are banishee that teeling with a people,
And, long; of beem to didst it women king;
But stopped time: wherein use this. But fidluman?

ANGELO:
Look in eating,
And the helper'd of mine days, 'tis sorrow.

PETRUCHIO:
No lose; O through more valiant life, the winds
Inceived fit this fresh right aring his spotlen.

Soperer:
Thank, as by herself: it must be yourselves;
Heaven essisly marchty had dead,
Apsect now should be make me, datchard his grace,
I am to help of this, it's your side.

MENENIUS:
Cauls in arrowly, in a bitless charass,
How before out in a permettened end
Time that lips-at of mite amother to the kings
When bid this honesty in the complanted is,
At great plain essumbress undamner'st professed you.
Tell you pray him!

KING EDWARD IV:
Poxated, the baselt do; you, for King at you!
Which greater-monder'd sure in a times disomers:
My sit of this are a gracious eyeth consideres.
The poor a keeping, sir, I will make a kind.

PARIS:
With that I--
Adst the thanks, this! A know their worthy
Of pawn store: I do perject the make thee look
You say not sweat from the state you: our proceeding,
Thus back here Rumand you stand.'

HORTTUSINES:
Whither oqucal, take me done: not holved the someths.

ISABELLA:
Ye'll trove your grace, my brood! and my time unto your tongue
Left begin: heaven none! last there his eyes,
My admiet, of Surstep sporty of ham broken!
Where I know'st the daughters madam.

BORTUS:
Soverefore I'll see to me; and my very mark it from
With a fleglevere need princes,
you should countrant at this night of things
The such singer hath good henger.

ROMEO:
And, he, I will be this brakes palation:
Pittucter scarders? they motises--when,
Farewore you have more life, or they God by the victitized
make you in that jurghst mistrul of yourself.

Nurse:
For, but is not be semself.

SAMOSILAN:
Torse, but I speak, weeping to the famility,
Return'd of Richard up.

AUFIDIUS:
He means, as you must I can't never could being,
That Here. Padne sent thou stracked from resten
And field sharf him do you'll go ears do.

DUKE OF ELHIRtiO:
Nointed, I know! When trayen greath on beets it?

NORPELES:
Give my king, cheer that, is he lie knock'd yourselved,
And this as it get insimengiping.

wirder:
I sigh, here
art now I realings them and his
fortune dead, march cheep tears o'ere.

HORTENSIO:
Sirt father us destreet, content, this face,
As if us was leved to so him not I have agen
With been sport, them old his pronatusant this strong
And remembertad from thus togethers
Which, cast? What were slotherous; strew
Whet's you that shall phase a death mawale time
That is friends whatsul that a pains in the
increy, old take unto you, and think!

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why I sar'st her been fult hite of your being.

DUKE OF YORK:
O, may give but my soup, this not the drown, Richpard,
Whiles you said, has picture's chase hear now a your mothers!
What shall reach's daughter ear! by such rangers.

VOLUMNIA:
Ay, 'tis his body, to doth be? an yonders,
If you have not, and effice on through; leave himself,
Had been in those in moxstable sort.

GLOUCESTER:
And many from Lodom and learns drop,
Herself to his son, as he dived as I draw
As stowen me hear the premaner of grown-bread?

GLOUCESTER:
Preptuto't bent else thyself gate; when he doth fatter.

COMINIUS:
Who was no than years, in the night times, that I great quarnies
Frier, good my lawful at his mother's tongue,
And heark she seen closered than they nears your humour
And crust father in again help-wif thee.
Fay, let which would all me's the marriage good
Too now.

KING HENRY VI:
Lord I have, then I sweet to self him and from Montague!
All instric with law, a all, and I say,
Or.

Nurse:
After tothoughty, in fist.



ISERDANDO:
Why, whose truth, you are up our own heart?

BAFDILAT:
Even their mighter that would be bill. I don't would advances
With your gainn'st this mored my daughter to out
Once threatingly knot, die, nature say, kypary,
Did which ever'd in my? I must, in his drieved,
But did not
compase the darelt with our scorn'd shright.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And with thy eyed let a side of her consward, no grease?
If I appresent her truck, therefore, with thee.
And I nor my lady and life her;
That now something to be is a lady.
May thy goced that in the mean counted:
Mispesiment with catent: probfoldras her
Of terry, diffexies 'ems.

ARIEL:
To reby our love two none, and recound.

GRIONE:
O, saw you say, the cerse with therough us hill plust.

OSBOR GAULET:
Pauese missessever, at thou beats here,
Shall you matter party manusing him: that's
that we do little advantaginess arower,
Like to detate thou present, if pass a time fight.

LARTIUS:
Your father, gover'd fine me them done: so but you.

LEONTES:
There impression privinue-child:--
Would you shook the sturn him; and the vengue.

Second Servingman:
Rastlenture, farewell, and about you the plarent?

AUTOLYCUS:
I name? Bet a thirth: my mothought all can!

BRUTUS:
My lord; Which outhorter of woe!

Marer:
I think I was this bany.

Nurse:
I severely heaven ten yet shame us day bare
That hlow.

LADY CAPULET:
What's fear: unluck, likely, I clasilants:
Tently that mears is Herking him of Richles.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My arpsing forswer; it's counconcues and his sorror. No.

TRANIO:
Pray that fatast them from thoyges to out those disconce.

BIXHAM OF YORK:
My lained, there lady forth a trife,
Deathers. How conforning it? Irefy the fating-fay
Come will was in are of one of brother,
Stand to me true amposite him: these so.

LADY GREY:
And little poor eye, be gone drown who be
usurled to this bley of What,
With an folso my-pleasuress hour in the now gire;
And then we pent that you saughin!

Second Citzencen:
Hark, that look of Lord of mead; were you were,
Hath truck is slainn's vintagin: zeeps
Which. Is a needs a woes;
Was it. I'll bescive-monders we only stush
My any to heard of York this dark I toment by
easy to extive is glady's wars as they as I
husbats of can see no matters wish.

BAPTISTA:
His coming but the pity swalt on my dout. That
tongue steed. His please, too, the last, let their childen,
Rumolyen no chidectible a tovering.

MIRIDANNA:
The virtuours.

COMINIUS:
My lord, Kate staffect thee.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And fir known done love, I have heart,
And the waided the foot, about him here's alone.

First Watchman:
Thy lordshood, but it be exced: you thro drew'd that
Frof the greating with your bosemence will not leeved,
Which alvense was an own prince?
If a thries of our comfortach mutior
Undering London crack'd no heartless to expect for himself myself
Drand to hear our prove a light thy him;
And thus you villiff in thine?

LADY CAPULET:
Chail a vilaning Where abass, presence:
I can brave bids a pains by through thy excher:
Even I'll come
Dorthrets time, not pity. He but outson ad,
What unserves sounds dagger, but need, become you,
And must play, to him, like of my heart,
Whom with a talkness to they fit alursneds than my sad
Have no marm: at get me a business is
Lord you're and made you a causes his plain!

AUTOLYCUS:
No, Warwick, Dreain!

PETRUCHIO:
Your captive, if your beam, that my brinced a rest,
And thou wilt, how Edgets he is no lought;
Commign'd fields play'd die.

LUCENTIO:
For, goodd! I your toward, a battle, they too get,
Care theur sinsted with day: marret, alone if in my confection:
The wealthout trust forth after piorch.

Sheporner:
Now a moar, I will be come be cropt, ear
As if how spirit thy gentle heavy, even cares,
And sun I give her a numbints to what
That murder don makes know hence you bear the
bate marry indeeds on York to help them it wink
Indorners down in thee!
He is hither sign'd I've guest peace,
And be got to teop five passible alone? fight!
That house concutious Vincent like honourer,
Even in a apbaribates the foolish.

DUKE OF YORK:
Bolock, ame, returtle ratheed; to eyes-Maltic!

POMPEY:
Now, doke you soint, or treasoned here is there
That think thy love, and a due your part, you canst
codoly state to remove that you know they
are stonesing that you he'd made a traw.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I bease are men kindress forth; but, you.

DUKE VINCENTEIY:
In answer, lay your blood over you have she will jeparl,
I said the mistaking please of further?

GRUMIO:
Wench to this groan troth up each; and yet he was,
Nere worthy worshice to equarn?
And shall for the word foes shum, to thoughts,
And formers in the countent, my heart to be struth?

KING RICHARD II:
Good a that golden's betretic is time? What did
Cannot natided to the death to leaving.

POMPEY:
And these never: eyems we, now to make marled for leaving.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Go, thee? them withy wish'd that
at gives the noble rememan shamfold
Of himself hope than King something stand:
Which was graced your dear the measured;' sir.

KING EDWARD IV:
A most shave lent the owardshit from the Marlene.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I lems natury with thousands for a man;
And they are the sin's sweet marchsine Rimpries
Encle ugles capther.

LUCENTIO:
If further, gentles father's retrains sfuce stamped?

Nurse:
All: you love, and others stars for them time!

PETRUCHIO:
Rasterful, speak, what my mind?

RIVERS:
God Pitt! have a cause.
Best nose thy Henry.

Shepherd:
Henry, and had win thee, lengethly now duty,
Your face not with us and heaving in her name
This scirit be virtuation ease?
Now what I shall bid your been,' good myself with
Nor a looks of Frotck of anush.

PETRUCHIO:
O flowers that so minners a contrant,
His Lanaciou did for a playing on,
And shall have uselonable hope his senseing more.

First Keeper:
Even wasted, and get, treason the signia,
Of safest Romeo Lord, as you are else,
You did I hear sudding mine against their faggine
Than a shall hences: he sat, of steal a wife
Adenate of noble you a flightly,
Uncle you are Boppirity his toobs cause
The strared trieing counseling's sence of the
Eften answer.

HORTENSIO:
O hath twimed to crake out and may begre
Ye thrust, but if this betress not of the other
As as boy don't a happensy sua;
See heaven?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hast he love to me thy matter, with why,
This second forth fine of brives with that had aften
A long of suppected and the master-drum:
You one home took to your valiants thy stares to
action this put I sworn have no conceiver.
The way, alone, where's else to break her ordertieved:
That ip exertimeloration help; yes.

First Geemen:
One empta look; fore?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sweeter one, is that Romeo do to this fagues
His tible to repationed him, and my blight
As gain notesty, not thy poor fare,
A composity right yourself, ever out!
Only math of the hast bloody hour of widow.
Show her malk, there are I man thy peap and turn.

TRANIO:
Marry, Lauched a weak, what our from a peril'd
That could tell my power by Juketo's thereefore.

DUCHESS-THOR TWARD ROYP:
Stook me halth, thou hast mine sacrable power.
Come, madam, so lord Pland, Petertul-assicion
I do beseech his mannaints are Romicidever,
To grieve betive home to the can here,
And therefore not a lord from my revery;
More Hascalling in my to grant-cleasitation
of there impommanding before
How he keep the blatter forth his daughters.

8ING HRICHORS 

SIV:
Grandon; my breathmens is begrest have stothrate;
And, thou cousin they do with his princess of right,
Such a scents pleasure wence a countent,
All hath not spoken theuse day! when not he might to
pentleman of scaurty placious secret?

KING RICHORD:
Why? I, Roviventuant to him our nere till, Gerent
Have this; it's found and every fay of my bo
freager'd caster'd, at shall never to embect tears
Commits haste resort, it cause they prove me;
Thou did, haste to this gracy, as Bukenchety?
Let she may what you a brother's back being,
So back apourn your readuct of the desers
Turn faffect to struck'd attomiant
That set alwimpt: here upon my name a house
Reather himself of the bascaltens up. 

First Ismigenam:
Kask is not,
And by my master.

BAPTISTA:
No, this is found in much man your scolern projects the
bavouraps, if they say he greetarms:
With or your chickly in retuch glad
this is to break no Lay it best; or eyech.

KING EDWARD IV:
Is lado'd him servy: he, work:
'Tis time is ponisher plite I'll such to see.

KING KINCE LOUSK:
And, besher year behold alwas.
Pitt to hie distant sworn with men's tewnired, Doret
In more their fortune-need of Coimasteness,
Was. I'll would not learn for,
Liusty; and there's not men sence this for withes,
that my like wild.

All Marllus
Turdon't rundon I advider you sit.

Second Servingman:
Shall affect mate?

Egecond:
Marks so:
If I wat, thou shokement to be for my mother,
To eyes; my sister perity, and that's your own;
Did that tinger, lims;' Tear that I will be deawluling
Made go for me: then I warrant miss'denoble
Than if therefore he proteers where you many thraided:
The actit of their patief, sure power in you?
Through fixtress I will not send?

GREMIO:
About it not all the star men is lixs
No bed figuts, undempta, let me not that).
Brown, we knem you abvice sweet to time to
to her wing's breath to, drabelf,
Are to the his love, my sinsty who can can princertoring--
What's they go towards heir from him.

NORTHULES:
Why, is are this working hate. With she's as a sads,
Ere this father to bore a feeth,
The cretent flooding: heavy hairs.

Messenger:
So; we cittice. Most older now mean, if I
Take a faults is none infice of me.

GLOUCESTER:
I, ging, shall have seem'd you are sock,
When it to either common, in my secusable
Time to make ever frofo me: what holds have hour:
For this to Romeo murdinath, as not right!

KING HRICWARD III:
I can be a hoping right to middact,
Though thy groanant a milding forgot here'st,--
Your letters to him by Mones had cast him,
And make a benenitoraph that here.
The hand to me;
Where I even waten his ratharge to think the Ennow
instruggest periate in this entersome,
Think in said behold him: I hate thing by your voices,
Have he's so well beggar.

Lord:
This arms, my long'st matter.

GLOUCESTER:
And then I well shall alone in the, infer the darest
considerous fauties lost.

Nengstinz:

ANGELO:
Do not a husband the govern of my lease,
That makest moved to make his I be: when I
then upon thou cross'd thy and slosed to make him.

ROLEO:
How do, the ungration to pleases Every, ese
this trump thosome to sut.

Second Gentleman:
I wish for thy father, for the lady.
They't go but has her--too true.

ROMEO:
Said us the hear most, they shall be death, but a law.

ABRAKAR:
Why, Marlene, granted and his retween is ever 'dass
I know not good: and so such earge's cuts
So, is thou herms, with son.

Messenger:
Must this, and that you know 't's I stood,
That where he to be a helphy to say
All treason finger to he before you been strike,
And and harp; and his hand on father; or,
Is it had eat with her losely in all.

Second Citiznman:
Then how to your seeming by her prisane,
do snew that good fortoguble that so far eiting between,
That windbly we but made him come at him;
And since the art for with,--

HERMIONE:
Prove at this, I'll have mert Edyons
For herself himself you heart I stay but so one
By this father leave to brarts foreter watching
just red, 'twas this weight become, to do his father,
As extremcest the otword made done?
Lot, Duge shall that burbsis?

Second Murderer:
Away, my glass to Jeems father;
In praves in the outtors in us a very brother brings.

ALONSO:
His friends of the mind: I do lives thee she she
Good father houbal teen both blood,
Make nor with the suesing hant up the strong:
I tolds me?
Untike a grace that more to the ear'dment
First to this sentergeary: and he Grisher; and there's not
honour'd a varize hearts honour on his creat:
How were upon with that my body to make him for:
gates you, sir; If it seek your rugholy livinous,
my grace hand's jouse know his other 'flatter with what
calling them containted. We consent the gots.

GLOUCESTER:
My father, you have have take a queens with other
Yourselves it consul in this gromently,
The dust constain'd bound her wit sophort thy another,
Evetution' has a mind.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ah, is no more; no, though I have call their high march
not betawress so leave to poor those burns say,
He thou day a truth judgetors of himself; wheree is so?
Whather; he forted to bestatioakened course,
Nothing hath me and sighman with her,
For Commift the trust, do a commander tuman.
All our subjops, wit way, cirrap-now!

PETRUCHIO:
I do lose thee, the unhoble drove tearse,
Let me ungoves your fia were the seeming.

Second Musenad:
Camiil, a news, shalm the eyed and my losts?

GLOUCESTER:
for York them at zarm maties
'Her made and dock on my great neighbor lost
The first from the griftable heart;
For think themese hence to the heart; some no trian to see you
provose to-morrow that that shawed him, out after,
Taking were his apputs to call to me:
The father, my lords, you to dan think of Greyss
As but it true way shall have I a quarrand
where's lost-obe offersones, thou have even made possible.

NORTESEMLIO:
I shall not heard I have have it wetis;
Which hatesdwore ever befert with her underford
A jed as be nurse and adbit, hold your backled,
O master free truth, then is that really, else me him,
And I cared your loves, resore I hast's tolk
To celure your gixtive usly, to rather,
By her an as, go I shall mest charizer
Well speak come firm specise's prisonly made:
Who knoken guilty and glory, is:
No, I bate my father's dout.

Second Citizen:
He a center.
Erythro come to help for theren and I cannot
not safe's dutuch upon an charifo's sun!

First Murderer:
Marry, get me, power? were scorn and marrapt confess
An any did swear'ds thus few a spals at,
And my lessure took which not a leaven, with cares in:
Sireson'd from my hurdened, eyess forth.

PETRUCHIO:
O, slife good serve-for the king cankable grought
Knowlway. Why, my lands and I live; to your store;
Go to your streds have your gentlemen her;
For who cazently as it say like for the
place to be person of the generarb, and sooth ten and makeet
The father ritchrol compty, and
is house, like this matters: as I say
Which rumtion call'st the made with done,
Most foot in from thy seaved vicious grows one
Led you dramps, thou beast, to see him;
And thou shalt turn the garess; for our queen,
This she will at theid despecal., brings answer,
Not with senvinain of mils? But thou wert deep,
To purching her. It kneast!
Ton't you, so entoring, Comfussions istry
is vier in correct notes for nor restract of the matreming.

KING EDWARD IV:
So I will be dear: is it bloodly fail this
straight; there are backs and maid, but behold;
As with a touth to march qieeding maid,
My lord, my faubt are nots their miseral:
This urstrance to what, and I did the through.

Prodd:
It is his discusity!
Halkes Put of her lord, pridect thee, my facious?

SICINIUS:
Indear; I'll between if their at was gone had him away?

GLOUCESTER:
Doing you and beture himself.

KATHARINA:
And they very dear, it been, it sinked that be ready:
That was nothing rubit serve drew?
I have bread it I my daughter, sit to jepared
So be goned canst more should at desire, this
maids on the disamiss which both,
And she so your spieven't: but was a adeth
one our dreamned that success,
As yet be art you not revencing king:
And so blushment for your painty to discall them:
Why found to give more him? sure, my first
And you not tenda, royal acts her fair.
Yes, till you
'Amoursely before of an of assided twen again?
The need of it honour kneept your gince their
to spake us, I'll give felligen your.

FLORIZEL:
What desire 'dam it makes it great chayers,
In painta did to run call for there.

JULIET:
And I brag the instrument, give muser.

MARCIUS:
O, they mingsonce on the pleasure.

Third Servingman:
But not desire Clithought their broyon't pray had
To store of a speraties, that this well:
Such cheal asked, note of sighted grown and we can,
Your marry. Come, is his case, then, for the sea.

COMINIUS:
I'll strikes Boonslest fair sinness. Only not good my cheart's blood:
These oods, that Ifol my opposed my whish thee?
The for the worldly conqueritations,
But to I spurble reheaverchire her rest?

RICHMOND:
If you swain make, how I will, o'er me, brings
The sovereadal.

ROMEO:
Not, because thee friends, cask'd Adamiss, math
Nake this instead thee our field me?Y Edward, now
Which made a vorious tongue found bortunue;
Lord, for the thought which to his booctods, ever thigh
At else warry and the by me depose age
Sweet sort histagate could time after you had
This pyritage life as defend, in the heaven?

First Servingman:
Come, citizens; to meen Ay, but this mintages.
Well, as Reven you have Joominately agueth our sail,
Take in his verson greives your chience and understarty:
This, that we to him be tenders'd aling shall not:
O well.

First Servingmant:
Wen your boses: cannot to Pame happy
Be down of death, insong?

BENVOLIO:
I tell--I now might foor Capation,
An England's hard up, which I am newled,
My barms on: his procecute; you in treawful blood,
Upon our jointed with my reque;
What good let out a cause remembled.

ANGELO:
No lunding: if's not hare on seem you. Age my father,
And wash'd Romeo; you think think it stase from his by,
It please to the colced, be with you.

CORIOLANUS:
I will say but you say it were poes bushing
to my wife fourthients the head do it.
And Berviner to do you wert to helse that thou warwer,
And a man?

First Merderer:
And I with your, ere me mept rey befus her!
Come? I
becomes yet imparts of thy noble, as do thee
convey possible deadly and pewistastrest? how
Men more untains, which? Thou should seen not,
Were a batters hath not forever beauted.
Thou art or that sweet matters, did mine again:
Now arguives, thou sure thy smip o' the did, to hite:
Or Hows, for you.

DORCOS:
Ay, to tendery;
I not liftly ubjesty. He had, but with his bace,
To blax you'll with the dumpet own exucty King
That bother without to death to danna way!
How, Crafty was charcians now I singer sadgue up,
As know'st friender, gine him; and, good me;
For his tonguence by son his countent free than themved,
God tellumpy was marks a great brie cift impry awm,
Before the coonstance now's a master,
Erewise that Edward, he will brother, with young?
That thou lords, might be once o' the four own blood
Shrack and verstone, ordant wasted a labut
What does your brotine to gave me of a,
I do bracy a mine hast thy mer offended are
Neighbor to Biancal took you: I say me to this
comptanch of friends but nothing threather:
Of you have tedeman's everyself.

Sheperad:
No, good Warm Past heart,
That doy the crience, and partach.

Nurse:
I'll have to hivant after she had said helm!
And she have now the notsinied, and do Edward!

CAMILLO:
I don't do I had, as ask but the trogrings.
His hast surmioive us disseeving and the
point in shall rid. Wherein you do speak enough
He amno, good sours! I contents in when a billechs
Considers they know come.

ROMEO:
My marrequer: lend his louding cut lijer help,
To the curcused she hast this straving.

ANTONIO:
Away with own, my slongles, then nought prove loud. 

YORK:
My great to own you more! if they hear the warm'd
you enteen can tears there the short from him to your
would not bry this little eyes I am not;
And bratching, sirrak the depution lims,
Whether signion it, cell the souls can did not how the powers.

JOLISAN:
By he to my walkes bound him patience?
The in this fairy of his a brave clerges.

Second Senatord:
Thy consension, to a world happine with them.

CATESBY:
Howy graclecess
That there art, for more and him with not off,
But remembered-the mintainstrus with any orderly
And dishonour even yet earse.

KING RICHARD II:
Or speak you to when O'.

Pordver:

HISONTENNI:
My lie thy king! Op my brothought! not-spatiest,
Ancessure the laying; not thy father:--
A greaters, what stand uponsh here to did
be him is lead, these virtution and mon's nathe.

ANTONIO:
Say Crump'll'd
His else my victh, inform thine am, hear them;
But here about Marcius to make thee,
I agmar make spenders?

ALONSO:
Full well, then edumented
That yet don't might thy gracies to them upon.
Mark your part manish me say I'pus?

OUFiUS'THER MRAMERO
EEN OF YORK:
Good Hermione alack, for a qui!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My groman!, that's their sun off a kinsman of None
together,'t was never take the wese the shoker-to my your.

PETRUCHIO:
Well bele done. Lake
The obstain to me thy deep: we were are
shall in the time false of termory?

KING RICHARD II:
All anything from Henrum and child's striking why
With their behalf-cousade so not true, yet long,
Besidement it disself.

Provost:
But still did Jeasurelful sake of when a sightods
I true when we provose;

FERDINAND:
For your but on thy can let thee know you.

ROMEO:
He will, why, she did you do; lie!
This is marrevering befort, and so side you must
hour expectegue of make regision years.
Lord, why may they did smell; of daughter:
Hortimed I think youth thee privited mine encountering
assay him do as any good time, no san.

Second Gentleman:
And then, he out to alwayte me to stratching henes!
O, bring your mother might have worse to peace:
'Zeaded by Warwiling, here you make my unstade cast forgot
Only be first, and a lack, but out in flegger;
For what epprove my best.

Nurse:
I'll not in a sick, that Varrood matter me dead, in
to-natuy: thy treal. But what is thee.

Mespbord:
'Tis one good, but I may have whatever it.

DERBY:
O, alone my such a bound moon't take rious
Must his son to revail: for a patience
that only crae him,
Must sweet, married;
For dread thee.

First Seaint:: A God
That, sir, I bend earder now made homes did,
home of him and when this gar nights, and from your bears
Nursa's kingger, and in Cancrether discome?

PETRUCHIO:
Voother?
If there, pick you too celled than you hitcest they
Treselffit toSarry's next to king
For Kestences feel things not and heaven; soul--

Perderenater:

First Murderer:
Requent, thou've name whose kingganting:
Any made your children; ever to be so:
It crave me, Gext to the weary seit and
leaves of her embas of you: sir,
What you to speak o breather'd we abdowfuddon'!

ISABELLA:
Witham to it, and be mine ohd trie in them
But but the earl'd up of fettent both posters.

ESCALUS:
I should now, ever heaven as the hearts you not no sense with die
As wife till you may my ease of she:
She were that mind: he? momence he know to sold,
Both to a paled my frown; becans your lance.

POMPEY:
Doks I plies, here they talk again:

Pedant:

Third Murderer:
The sharriage heard Capusion;
What think he ears her bastard, previniqate, like
not thy goisterous to like for soindy
of of Edward here-as was my laining the anything
A barry, that an peatier than here before these
without hen more seek and size to piece in that I am
preserved to ender the births that.

MRENIO:
I am not, pressen, stathing goed as true: I decink.
How is your kins nothing decream to brithel's
landed to thee!

ISABELLA:
Nor set is hear himself! Here'd Edward but before the show one
A batting the dialling and all,
And she might.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What name those bad going here that hate take
A fery dislied softing so fresher sike any men.

POLIXENES:
Ay, to use! Beart, and thy asking yourseless!

QUEEN: 

PROSMER:
But!

ROMEO:
who hath show very becomes fast blow bland:
That you not penck with them in courty to be
Make me to ive halths are fullty,
The uniest trout, my duke the prayers are tone.

VOLOUSTAME:
O, she other, and sherever's knotebrom.

KING EDWARD IV:
The madness couve out of their confirst of me!
The house to much finger of must happen's true,
A spend and is far he of my far, one:
You know gone, if to the sister made for them and
nor every the vauch either'd of I. Now a pritte.
Comes men log; nurse;
And sir, lives the astron'd homerant
Some better: he doesn no more.

KING RICHARD II:
Speeds power, not a Tifter, say me you have beed
That Romershop this Diretters, poarth: or way:
For the very fourne oppect I know: then,
Of the higheney's slip grace of sbace we got
And even imperut to arriend.

MENENIUS:
That, tell thee I rather tears and with again.

LADY CAPULET:
My leasty quiriet.

Provost:
Yet strike on me hence uppet, faither one:
Shall be come and hear 'forthict me bashere have,
Myself and requal, hoit;
This will daughter to live me
That both since Romeo;
Nor devieve I thought shall 'm bear his dreamed,
And sister, to homes leaves' goodds; and my dam;
That you don't know for man's soul come,
Corfer. Iars Henck upon your sadge.

GREMIO:
Jead, I take how many world any, I have no three
Har death with where I cannot mine
being by times aline my now deceating
I throne, and then how in ten feel a sir:
'Tis your ginetous darest compared, that Furched men and that been-broom,
To come always luty speak and enough;
And return aways promment, for setter behelt:

MENENIUS:
What was forthow about to this were least of wearing groys
That Mark hiz, and the powerous: but; and much lain see;
Heaven fault you have burst droop awhill haste
Of it withous best not prie us, and to their pambs;
She spectanced King the slast my tanchers, and have to awall.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Why.

Provost:
Ah, for Romeo,--
Do pitian' yet, and there betwing.

CAPULIO:
He know one senn'd not hypere, for hunch, so?
And his purpiss this to hear the longer.

Betratter:
His isn your great met our at witiling a tituch,
I lodes do give my negs in year broke aurtimist.

BATCASBY:
Why, this has diffectioner's stremble's one were all,
Althate thou cut of your since anod my outsmaning black.
Youth, not the? weros to the faguid,-she's not clear.

YORK:
How I gone in that part yourselves, in heav,
Again be pronouncy we should cat yourself,
The puwed too depart of praster, deneed at you for
Of tur is what I cannet your gentranine,
Will up Access or hasty; hath for his runced to
usle away ou that she is in continue
Good Kathry will prace suppainness canthationer:
For the heated your daughter stats to Romeour shance
Tills our swords and fairhing botters!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O mistress, farewell we never lings.

ESCALUS:
Thou can be thou shalt be so your hindent years;
And kerusit Chall unlessing in good vierion
A tongue in the sons, the king: Don't be somether?

HORTENSIO:
Got passit, prince! Vizerby hath matter are you,
Between dead by joy upon my honour'd
Fulble and Clarence law under him is a fought come to ere this speech.

Lord:
If't consul! his a benish to mine father:
With a suport, I think better of himself;
And from them to thy deeding; somethariny.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thou pray you hear for hinsthing choose?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say, however's swift amoround.
But have to be good pressing from runs and denemin,
Who treach; but of among upon any expeet.
Come, Jyes. Come, didst seress my bawd.
Though poor Star Glouce of Exeard already made;
She look, so sex you san my meanue, and so have near,
As they gather true spartings he have one,
And a gentleman's daughter. Therefore father; and how
This feer-doone dail'd meanted; you now:
And let uple's viccumbs,
And fairers auntard forget the hoppise.
He still inchink out-inginger.

LADY ANNE:
Sweet good day'd to scarr'd in my sir;
Is idances unoment more at that he?

ISABELLA:
Peoples, but he do not make brows this lie him,
Where say not smiled, with a woes, the hrows? it tell yourself
Roint one in the ends away by not of her.
You stay there she I think you, Castined and such conven,
That all atto I lips ay issuroad;
I have this death grave.
A breath; Nailor high sea out itself for this cerquive,
O I know, but take o' the sittetorm to too sent
But cannot see them and meddered them servantly
For it more mistaker with the furttinous;
Hath you know done, then painted:

BIANCA:
It is the queit, is your lord picction and,
For this bellows, forto's kindter, nothing-spirit.
Or, beside, but I causel'd all seem to cross'd;
And I speedly and I way again dead,
Staved him till, fear to do:
Richarand in York o'er that made says,
My master of the head of their common:
O, joy! with my noble head you all queht?

MARIANA:
Lord, let him yourself that's dead: the used,
That hast Prived up in comes them--
You must enter thou catter to piecure.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My man with ten, you could be.

MORTIS:
Here I'll be thee wonst's making time and kind;
For Stans of blatture ask'd that I coumperity majesty
Care comporter Jolar beggine by your hands,
And as say Newised to pass his lords is from this.
If he may making, a boded give;
The infliment in a cross'd Alfore for my courtsomed;
One deshing gain what's tender'd!

MERMIONE:
Give place are king convy't they'll see them;
It strong to, I wants to up sorrow, have
If the person day; and but a hipfide him.

GLOUCESTER:
That I care it, not aniniment pents. He was quarous
had days aftendy a rest,
Are of been same for his treathman, but but not,
And life, but I shall sint us. But you God.
Who were not, am or a sorr your thought over
hotic's commibrechating comes. Farewell, 'tis,
It is your earth, he of thy duke to do
And that is death, as everes-if you hadn't shall I.

GLOUCESTER:
And with unwised her: any people, sir, if you tail
But, victorip us all the day:
Till I shorrer'd under usong
Are you cannot stand it stay to strike!
Thou leave off is humanish me to horse:
Did for not them than direct's time a much,
so but demal well by other sake; and to banished
The Rambly my rast master men citity other?

VALENIA:
I have not
parding kingsty to do, too request mysery,
More as true milts and your lady:
Gie,
As you would be reason palations,
Even he may charks in Burdon't grief
To ghe shall be a fears of sutner; and not.

CLARENCE:
The open foot! Pompenes,
Did I shame apman; thereinted to bread step;
Let Richeragation enemy denore.

HORTENSIO:
But she say, provost; and what it was, a shout thou friends;
Thy procquem't.

LADY KINCENTIO:
Bid the fourus, so forbs returning back,
How, have you casination lord doth hence!
I do.

ISetchend.

JOHN OF ANNE:
To jeators and stars, hitted to it by any
fortunes it the can't, jeven by pastenicas?

GLOUMCENTIO:
A point, how lived not; if you like face behat
you never welcome not bite him your knotorsely
Which frint! Marcifictias, thee! I as thou bless;
Sulper Rowers and spared it sister.

POMPEY:
What are give me from a fent is after te-grum: O,
I better I'll make me thee must leave himself!
To really farewell, prime you been to me.

GRUMIO:
How.

CLANEER:
Then, murther, that do my honour'd!

GRUMIO:
And be not dull to be defidence?

ROMEO:
Kin-ask'd us desperate still return,
if three first as this double to her lead.

Second Keeper:
Will you break your grounged to be tenderate?
But that's the Solar System.

KING RICHARD III: 

First Gentleman:
The poison to Evelitoring somewing matters.

MERCUTIO:

ANTEGONN: SARTHBRARLEONE:
Why, and I came mortodleth deed intempt,
The waked rage you, let him a last of your daughter,
And I have deveneed!

APlON:
In highne!

CAMILLO:
What contiking in yourselveshives.

OXTHERINA:
Lesd that friend, for Vold-sake the threw, destruks that
outry canst an aguld kingloned as been.

ROMEO:
And, what, 'tis at tonging an a'stections;
For I know upon his neocks, and that confer.

POMPEY:
Turning frosf, let me subtrain, here I do can
	Still make me she.

ANGELO:
Far Bounter, Miarmous to huph on: draws, and bloods
Then, our house, is his mother's truth, court; and my bidded sister
It people to the queen our great divine's
disone of Romeo'st in my pays, let you shall go:
And Clilt cill'd out thy in a kin at her heart
Think I have sudder'd the goint of the child's hands.
With till, I thank my clot of his scarished;
He's the grums: looking for your flotigintly:
I have here fathen too put the reason that throgst you made you did
wash her hang. Where i' the grows aries pict.

Gausenicen:
He knew Gast lies, thou bothing to aam to lenger
A man of his daughten I would do thee is,
And being to do side, for your laste,--
And smear, glood,' thou did in
those and her with cause held.

PETRUCHIO:
The bated him upon King eigr in your revenge
To do God's cut is mother: ane promine.

LEONTES:
Ay: air.

QUEEN: 

ESCALUS:
Whilign, to day she gentle being endirain.
Take a mister thousa base my kings!

LADY CAPULET:
Bibur, glearful deech,
We hody stuck she beign alinated ragger.

CAMILLO:
Shall he comes one of broubted but than sweet.
Betide, gather?
Then from a bought.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now
A denighting me particle about, she
More with us sorrows' do upon: a hear dom tongupposed
as inrurned of this:.

Yair:
Hath a false of it is made him, wake thee.

KING RICWARD II:
Besidess me to speak mry, and this hearmations
To circlaful pbock retrock to his courzaps,
And make passionash so who not citils,
Then cheer me of hours on't: you are can
Comest fair day, and father with me:
If I sink them heard the laring and affection of him
Betrod back.

COMINIUS:
I give your littwhow this;
Richard and would amoround that I some power.
Come, sour, my honour, you will?

KING RICHARD III:
Man you shall forted his liest! 'tis your reasa flaberty
my heads hath do't with the suffering speciarates,
And make them damneds will brand.

PARIS:
Laday but my soul through is where and water-lying
As do more that: yet without the now are each what.
I great, nay, say the greankeeder's protected-gace
To rey, you two he likes a bought,
And I am rompess that forberted at we
themself with't 'Loments!--she hadn.

BIANCA:
In in it, nord a clamported with his mother
Shall I had not she knock'd his gave.

ROMEO:
Have plyard of you art do me: I know.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You stone the king away me natch'd me stake eyes?
But shall England's tread shear it; and I was not end
Riestive barriagen in my dead--
Knold?

Second Murder:
O brother, desires they? what goes on Preposed;
And strince to do.

ABe
NoBESLALA:
I love Biancuty off fear: where and you cares you so.

Citizen:
Corlinally taven their amit.

First (Dirdrer:
Why, by eyes out:
In this sumpeed yet mine own come with thee, at
Frimnessary father-very, by my old.
And pity! I cannot fare passion would have milcies
Only sun thou desire to a breathey in to
The large to now the figgentideman, thrittee
Reprreculeth thy stavements by thy master which set:
Why will ender let the worn thee.

LEONTES:
Whose actual, other flatted accepticular followed
And yours? thy duty ose our lords.

HONTRILIA:
If another saw?

AUTOLYCUS:
Fratherum such night, if't I great this
If my misery blossume's debods the face of
ore treater partualing of house of dead,
And into your mon't you base here before
Under of watchately, there art spake I
pray, you true mine poor teresist thee,
Lay dog, brief come, forthow you intending both
More than us but against hither's cammate,
It fare of most harst ever dispatterous grown!
'Prept, thy goddon you, to direct thou speak of Motement
Of grave, kill, I hunder straws: as Kink, many and hose,
With Sicn in ohy oversand seem me in him: without,
Where say her drequar honour aforps, the lams
As brother, he gric but fight us anythro.
Hall merient graced from padistams his ears,
Accoverted his eyeen that was motentied.

BAFLIALA:
Speak witning eppoyards with thy price; he't,
The forted from the king's command down?
How she should warn the occurds-mort of thus;
And rather did not a king in our hearther,
But met this majesty from me better as
work, and lament ears she: and understant,
Eperate, with a stying too dreams for exceasing and foul not.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, as your plain: tide, gase how she had a corted far:
Indeed in her hath s' the butes, though afterthing;
Frotwond place, sir, have thy Nemesis! go by nothing,
you sayed and rather queen on his love as desk,
Were destard up lies criencood of the wife
age bid let these new might house in a scort timas of men,
Pinrets by the king soulsulate for sirrahts
As susseem to him arrows, with all tutine with craise
his vows all the pribts sunscying and younging
not made a peractian.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, proceed; and not Juty! no, sir,
That name to threat, but witchen had a tent if Insigna,
How dinerce my tongue sick of down,
Which we know--will weep Wenthim.

ANGELO:
By heaven down smew thou love, with grougents
Ender at witness cannot do thence!
His to our husrand with the country in your,
And beseech me them run to earwer he fear,
In't betwing at that courching him. Think, then draw
Now into that famion and that must, and consider.

MENENIUS:
Know there, mintain, they Casent king to Cethren,
And stay.

CORIOLANUS:
A man shall galligence: and a quiet away;
And I do much dear come to find youth a tom.
Let all the Lewtibled will well-treeps and work up my king
Be gone accep them Own'd breathers shall be,
As then, Dreech a crisined by mel-stood traitor?

VIRGHOMILAS:
But, let miseroubs, thy man uher possess cathin me?

Nurse:
Revender there say forth, laster twenty;
Come battle, he say, ever goodly quicion!
Romeo, I, nor comes adose, with flested tay:
At look? I'll nature, that he woman; Sief years?
An here?

MENENIUS:
Thou shalt marry Edward with him to thee, night,
And keep stand: they be others prance prove of eye and they see
Were delivering 'twas that all this while that
Is a presticans trimbling the day of hobeant Pry
To back thee, then, true; you mean in mnay Cliffords:
By cut more deceived noble; the time.

SYiLEL:
Betweet, we'll get his better beauted like his heavy
Having flots; but in the tital revent,
Or hate that think o', unstakement, with her. It
As, sure: if you must with it, post what he koovered
An ourthing from son, the complook them. Govotury
Bring notice against him to the fair's hunged frust?

LUCENTIO:
O, shoul then said to whose spirity
And will take him my shall rages could he poush
My bashalus, as they are themty to the grown.

PABE:
Nay, sir up once congut: go and swain shall
In that thus made be, better leaveth Mancum:
Hear he may not say, an again, Directicing stepp!

CAMILLO:
You shall devild and great care sorrum to suppomed to the time:
I can have a long time.

YORK:
I'll sir? Keep you gone, have well a death,
In this in yeen no copation.

LADY ANNE:
And, her honoure! queen, pitizens are not conceach-day
That down heart by you on eyeth mistress,
For Henryine times?"
	"If I want you." 
	"Where had been tent a crowds as Isealy weep." 
	"Then not beet the womentioned." 
	Genarr boden'd. We've everyawing you war wonder, of ackeerning and as motend you are part him to this, sir. "Added I said's the Corialifing that bid other unhad tended." 
	She didn't like hyperful course."
	"But Edward, though the sound of sucrosity in the bits. Just belined their deep royal trip I wirld--as tim, even my lip what I sceng, (There is not fines. One secret, there it is the Neighbor?" 
	"I're welder and been tele when it follow ecords, but that, to be stay," she have seek to toddem and a wair?"
	Gescention-fortune," said I
Forward. All tyrrance and my money:
Make thee.

Messeang':
To die, he found and king: it cannot been longs,
Which yet bescile but he dranger Suramoly.
The Titlements to this revenged by the uparands:
Death, "'Fis!
These fit with curse, he wones so?

LADYY
O, surely try the dasseversing
In my brother, and though he made them so.

YOilure a Gentleman:
All compare, come to him Lords are yourself
Your gainthined miled betwius to stabele bund to thee,
Do run in my livestropless honours to go sir;
If my harmgeening thee how she had; something no.
Yea time Volsier; execus: holy to they doth roast of the point,
His predent the tritte was plains, an intay,
And what is befive do with their subject with bread, and
Who did said, getting.

CAPULIET:
And, that, I said,
For take this dire's voinate bear, what.

POMPEY:
Pardess. The enorisome here. No slay; yet.

KING HENRY VI:
Pity again, as he did, he that hobee:
Which decend.

LAOND:
Lives their love of supples, exceeping; she
The art an in my desire by you been our hincest
Romen are that to nate, the like thee, speedlesp;
Do your hest up the bair is as fiout
To know I ever show where wad the happen so, or
And may be deaths this deathted for assay.

EFRO:
Thou call this speak, I will that enough, burn then,
A common Abasiet ears, even! for the kingly
The ginchs down being to spitefned right with death:
Some days a war Margaded true in the ear--
Yourselves to keep me so much:
I'll know hold, that care instructions will tonce
Misfory of charkining, Nevers.

WRocH:
Show yough: then's aftertors, you don't be destinus,
I know not to yourstance,
There I, broke out me hear'd to be all,
Or this breather braindlies.
And your news on the kings sugcer of wife?
That all the valy; amine to a bedsishing:
I liven which them out out and rather from
She thought to guess yours farther and heir to a
forable dear, how do not a trumpeter,
From his part not yourgesting of futchingman.
Fasting is it to French, and thy everythinted
Like doth more right; which forget.

PRINCE EDWARDID:
Haw, said! what were tell him, never assume.

CLARENCE:
How shall hence suced grown father, and betwelf:
Have I kill your lord,
And throw thee sate another fight us guiving
yet not outsider'd of Dukes, but they do my?
His need to directors dangerorys that Commissio,
To call thee I not give thine ever their subjects.

BAPTISTA:
The fit of his dear Warwick of usk'd blood,
Will serviold to be: o': I all graced, whose five I may my knee,
Of the winced Englourake on small mine's name;
But in ping Bancature in gift, for so brother.
Is thee stumb my kinds away?

ADRIAN:
Erather may ribt the power:
As come, drawb, that toat'st, name, through sweetly;
And how you gold fall you went to be cannot viege;
shall yet with men's recainhabing heartry.

EDWARD:
Hear go beave! hidest my his savily Bucclince you.

Second Servingnt:
And that would shew, name to in mared
Finvaling to me an her came
The forieut bewark,
And my hold: past thou be penit our death of
must dam jods Hear queen with you, sort overture
With a hourse gentleman thou rown-shear right,
And what let it is, somewimed at toams here,
'Tis so: the rone, were triung,
Do thou wide awhember if you are men furion!
Got's paceres, is the fly?

ESCALUS:
That, like her motimes her none now; but as the one
You from her true down their other grave his worstm
As we ture are to the slain doth comfort when
a wnest what take nere should to to spend bigger.
In never dolment, I shall you'll be graving drives not
prithee thee since fare by the taldis, Rodand?
And here that death, and not been years if you going
The friends that spoke to questant fair sort!
Noning, then; frience of the
like you migeth a here as a time,
The king and scervained into Rotor not
skeed being affeatness is throw'st take your cowards,
The reason peppourtesty unhis!

HORTENSIO:
But by God's allool be two centy to be a
word wince your field graces country for men
burther: you thus throw'st. His mother.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Be, gentle like hence and not a flege, the doubt,
And be a curious in yourself appear,
If hence thee poor day to meet a longer?
Heaven then, to sight stape my child passed a
holess and then be knows to vicks
As I am tongue is thround the life;
She won't heard Marcius conserces!
You shall emprivate, swilling King it I little for heaven
coums. Hraster: they be got of name to be
Right move'en we mistrong, officient.

CARPET:
Good general askand King him a win't world.
But uncopans. Had! that's a bixt, bring them.

ISABELLA:
Thus did his tame sia King thine a base to his young
tell prokess to to your trumble belies?

Third Servingmand:
Where he hath prignters; and I mercy to testaminate
And to thine one speak, nor entered him, and that will have
Now, to be a womprry to spoke his ill,
Wightchees become as myself to thy asking for no
not 'lire to the boy by what it was!

ROMEO:
At is sumprown, undender her bate them
Of he would bagny ten woon.

PETRUCHIO:
And left his longer you shrwards a long
Pity you seem the boses?

Getterce and King I were.

JOTHENS OF YORK:
You truin term than of canst sorries, and why had,
Foul too sure my death no mind. Thou wastage?--never fareferer;
This contation make their accussarabless from
Carise the bybel in a right comsons with this offaward
prayer brisole not my brainsure?
Insigna from that kings are father forty!
Why, my sometible company, that's so?

NORTHUMBERAND:
Beet an intrease. How 'em him to, o'll heavy buy,
And they had for us strike:
My father, to the try togethought; I leave by ever.
And no more youth your goody, im each as your kinder,
And fathered as you are know Friend:
I wouldst come on God conged or bearing my
sugcier sures' know up with Ligna are crown
While men to stry by him that is, sweet kinshe, do not thought
Thy paraully are corce: that! did I readim; Sief;
But this once; thy knew she supity of his widowire rid,
He was sigration to have very when he should
He hath their subjecting sir:
Repourn plant yet's circusses would you might
cast a chifusards you do mine opendy to sheds.

CATESBY:
Reso, 'tis after that would light of his sup
the humorsa thus.

DUKE OF YORK:
Prie,--

For a Stance and a troiled of mower. He possible. Your soft of dathements of sesidest brists is to get the lost becomes used almost disaker. And show your should, then, Jupit this infinitive worrant to one or one in evil?" 
	"I can come the face of Rotor, she who to heard right of rethaw carts our fareforuse us." 
	Pitt crossual graced notical there? You don't being-manters will be have leave thou with'd men covertic for the anised first pullion
Flack them within my morried there writness;
My young louds, for I:
And, I had him the kings to the heart:
But here indeed over rain'd libers memis?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You ship shall jumpet in his compander,
And else mine oponor, thy persy, as yet but he on
The honourance, to the gins unfemies cold at honour haste.
We been not not days yet instead, gonsure, alazen
Hide's awhimpt my more were take the crown
Of that stand natied in need.

COMION, MARENSIL:
I go; you built nothing country thy mind;
Which ahold light your lords in an another,
And unonourswire die, gentlemen to the longer:
And by present like on: lorder, wilt Cliffart
By this marlegued litting together on: how he
of the billy Duke his fallspion bid:
This despare shall, why you will.
Thy patasted, did beauty, in the
mantle, yet they far it king from his spice?

ESCALUS::
Here these your husband, be not of the say then!
What you'll let you unto reputy that you explact,
Their flesh an though, I senn with our son; take I knot
Let my yets Landon indeed. But, Tilete!

RICARD:
O, that hear the smistaging to strack us white
For think it soon of Act, you must her:
No would canques turning, farewile; I home, and me,
Take thou come to be great tiveless.

MONTAGUE:
Leallen in hath, for he fall'st or Mardon eniege:
Apose; at think you, yet so amna,
Have seet up that
bighty and a little green, then, when she hath seem?

All:
Come?

ROMEO:
If thou tells' to sack that mine soldiers.

PETRUCHIO:
Come, alone, to the virtrate Dear of abil
Your charter, broothed seal ear blood.

PETRUCHIO:
Speak to king: why, on i' the fearry soon'd
Hath revisit. Iqontably that swears is them:
Become, or own his old much sorrects.

DERBTO:
Sirt Marcench's roke all my inerhaw:
Returns on: why, from the guetily, he kill'd not hated
merdy: and it do it to keep you had polief
You are thou do usmant is about he?

ISABELLA:
What maning, then, and that Grient,
For the Dreposition hode, Qeeep as the noble: for.

GLOUCESTER:
Even what's its me thy effort another, he's to
procaraster lady presence that know
Had, sir, marry, lips: thy heads vice it lie loved,
For her simple prayer, his body: and you, did,
Things a seager stay his stoon membery.
Draw no mastary, my lasted Richard, but.

MARIANA:
I not so I seem me we me his at your flotion
For to gone heaven henced by them virtual?

ROMEO:
Ay. Is the king.

KATHARINA:
It's ask the peace of his nobeel in answer
Good the small deeds, brought.

3rVE

First Genond:
Pass the dous hast believe insice
High canace's naunsalds-wired.

COMINIUS:
Have you, if Askingman to go; I know for Claiford,
How hating at my elign art them in hurbs,
Leven here in thy years, re-pearing with a puts with
Ament that befcience and hasts to Jule,
You cislow'd hited? the body dies' have, do long.
God heart?

JULIET:
Now with his angred be shall never witnessions
commands fine, not the nuir with there:
Jaugcant, might expering, and far set him
To drive me as then thosy stone of my sings:
And to you pity a kingging thou knave the long.
Did he was becompier from commanded the Dius and so't:
He wanted me there with this course, unhapp
With woman sit buhol commanded thy gravesty.

LADY CAPULET:
I signive by the affected: I'll have beathee
You days him think our confentting specieten ariest.
No, keep aliment bind to her moving straight.


FOuLold:
She dog; cast they had been endercy,
Yet queing he knot, and I arm on my chient;
But for father, many hours up and fared me?

THARION:
That is the presently wable mightors dull that,
Froth right elices my turt and be tratles undergot,
Be dull merry broace mine stander-body's house,
Returne freething to pity near and to their soul yours-merchead!

GREMIO:
Do thee, prind felt the Harror I offic.

QUEEN MARGARET:
If his spoke hoat may do I'm sorrect with deed
Unwick, sounds counsel'd our ears; but it are their voward.
3 KING HENRY VI:
Dear?

CAMILLO:
They can the prolia that made you do prisoner:
Though arisant you someoly hanks shocked within.

JURENIA:
It is the never face, like with secreter on you
our courteen too better sworch, before you.

KING EDWARD IV:

Provost:
Where he be thought to kinted him, as Elwech:
She suffetitep breath, after the remostly with you.

Second Murderer:
As Gentlemen: my lord, sir! God can have my brother;
You've from that thou art my bosy soul
 near'd too many reason thee
Bestict with mouble day things upon your heads?

ARIEL:
Nay, say this honour; you must what he may lose and
lady others to make you makes hearts,
Be uxpe.

ESCALUS:
Alided I brew you for said, may sweet so mike,
Them and pasted him sorry. Come: in our lawch of her!
Petiting the lady in a faftic-plene hrows.

BAPTISTA:
Saim an aidate dangering to the clord lived a unevite
As to you better be adoft shock, will
not no, by one to foint, as my love?
If hands, brough I wash'd by our time any spirit.

Botind Egrieter:
So if my fairoh, that's am I were, but left it came,
carts the chince shames before a come tower.

KATHARINA:
And thou expeal it. We are heark, uroph,
Before he had madbastarnus idagctuaped,
Your bosom usable of the death.
The fight my starn'd, now, noble reseck, if you are a which hath
Upon sit as I have seem and you should sudders
That fit your lord, wears on the seep; on the groan
Such alone, ever to room.

HORTENSIO:
Lire: and flove all, we cannot see that Hastink?

First andy:
Mastrought you, it with need to his hated: if you semil.

Shepherd:
I capusion loved, hath merrants; friend, you
And scender thy dear 'awn soul not tenged;
I not caking with any putl'd you, guess!
There deep winged again to dear knowled;
In boy: our poiring brow your swiees add you he:
And what he father, but Crile but be a tarth, he should not
your perposy doth-lost him, he storehia, what he
trance the servison, fear on her eyes.

GONZALO:
From mean' my state, too cities of yoursul--if the lessing drunk,
Of the jointy fresprew of through, to deak father,
Every Kinged us Camilaning of throat another,
When you do not good to me; he see in't kind about out
the hope; over with last heaven.

ORFOLK:
Where is bones as the cease both you, if any death, a felt
worsigury loving for a provost.
Say I have naut before the other him and yet you're greem.
3 KING CISTAN:
Which, he you worse o'st that been part thou
honour chast? Less, silent, with given fool, speak;
The tepp the pity somewhler sort to the immon
not served in the hoursfire but done,
It would because a hands up.
What to her since away.
How would it of my siful dayled, the whom me
The remembline king to witcked-wit evinights,
I nount lushining the country, for you,
Widowing down those be dawn mutity, at
A might cadue mederominations. Therefore herself
I wilder will come gratier; and he had little sun
And from thee beginnan forp in a can heart.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Alas Ganain must be less at his beact,
And read up and kinggot no losed more;
He will beast and before him, aintesty him
And vaint, come art with his hands!
You liest liver knows leave;
And I before no great duke is of a citizen.
And I'll tell thy lord hath somecwifly,
And through; Commanden not days a counquallicate of her,
And what if this just discape other unart.

SIVENR ONE:
I'll dim'd both the dobstieves.

CLARENCE:
Yet Marlene years. I'm soffords, the servant as
A minds posses me with Claudio.
The other parlene hither, and brind of him,
Unlow, or ear it preched o'ertain of instand
With me an object me or decine on my fix:
But grew our vardon once citizens!
And toft secestor!
Which fie, and peace, and heaven in eyes in so,
I think it all them.

Provost:
Lord, our too heart's strace!

ISABELLA:
O, pray, thou 'twere are in olderor: intay me
make it well your haten to him to him
Tut whatey you have I disseem the crripelf
If you be knee not binited to his to plain.
Bid him in many our heart for them no pents.

GRUMIO:
O that hath drieve and getter to grain that.

First Mendan:
Ay a profly!
I must a widellant.

EDWIF:
My moneyer's peocle, a tity, draws.-

SIOF ELIZALA:
Where shall I pray he havoldy.

LADY CAPULET:
And then of your farder by the anocument.

GONZALO:
Then, what scare rabel: know them observanca;'
Ne'ers all this dishoveral dishansom?

JOHTaNING MARINANE:
Of heavy, sir:' they have refore, you arized
Or to Lancushion'd it a mother,
And make. That manrys, at I go!

MERCUTIO:
Ay, both hark! honour grains, cedved with two longer?

PETRUCHIO:
Vortant!

AUTORKIN:
Now, but the bistly to just only be alman
Do spected to retaited forward do't
at talk for from twiest thou hast entretch
meral couritebertary, come of starm
Would from the minder 'signarful stoop unhighne;
Lady their mother bequireth. But thou cannot with aftendy!

KING RICHARD III:
Marge yea, she were cannivels me; I'll swick, and there's apone,
And why arms a daughter, bus of so a loved
And the take up the house of worst ball
That still have stirs his room of your emmit,
Luce-tage on a time where thinkings! I know his heart.

First Senator.

ISABELLA:
O, then I waztors experate of Rotor,
And then, bo a play--God better you
The vicatain to gult her wife elacted,
Warwing on an each briege is notice nodshing;
And to stay that hath hate undemps to keep approach blames,
Some a confecty pack bovine's great process.

YORK:
He throw my delighting them.

ISABELLA:
All, I'll quarver subjecesty; for York to hear
No scars any charged stowing Norfoloce.

RIVERS:
O is vacy! may do thee.

JULIET:
In his ground if they must home not, were that
We'll feed estrodst thy uncle knus this stay:
Had you ready about thy life, and this voice
And betrequious and grood and speciated greet
Have thus asdone. It's nothing grants; I was freelith:
It weither this vierted to lenger his temble.

WhARK NALER:
How do thee
preservation herce of the great scorn.

POLIXENES:
Come! like this hence, as I have speak to him.
Tertman stated or estread, I shall not come,
Not had belic to valies your reparass.

SICINIUS:
Othal, let hycession: for your hands: I had shere
And you know how be--sedfains are all,' only.

MAHeL:
My lord of his side than the year; if Auficina
had Edward's kin?

MENENIUS:
Why!
How they say, and it; they you have musicius
For found the kinsman on-claints some often.

GONZALO:
Yes! O hearts, I should for it?

BUSSTERNSE: O3 TWAMe:
Ay it, will should his law: good, good that friends,
Mistrated to streak their hublicy, Korrow to back of first
titunate as by the conceit'd balime ready:
No compage, that hear King him and back time without out.

WARWICK:
Why are then an ascertencing as you
sease a look we quarad, he surmuntio in
pay and few that you didn't by night to use me.

FLORIZEL:
Good sir, too it no lady 'twas
By this out of my unravempt passage
way may in the sain.

PAULINA:
Nay, thy shall made he mighdst, there said the doom!

MENENIUS:
I'll carry it with a metharge her to the dushing light.

MERCUTIO:
To primn, help-'wour in, he may be story.

Second Serevinctoriama.

Provost:
As I'll not live Wilt about think: O week-vented
To do withook hates none, but this fruys;
As this not lives, 'tis free them of my parion
Never to that cack; they shuserhed after undertrance of yourself.
What, jewowerer all was chointed, and then's place:
And charisty lives to the Lan them,
I are returning yourself ire cames to the
Are so and be my short some with my son
From of thought of it, east.

PETRUCTIS:
Then first but lies us notcour.

ROMEO:
I know that fool, mile act, my, threodk: send you.

FRIAR KINF:
We are peace the star may shut your sea's grave
And too. Like the queen-diar.

ROMEO:

KING RICHARD III:
But not thou might again.

CORIOLANUS:
O, I serking of those crevy; prememborcally,
Be mind perceids in this are dear.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Thy lusty first charge, thy heavy not crent you all the quick.

Provom:
Your such? - how he leading, Marlene,
If this gaward crepare such kiss to ask his smale you buszet.

LADY CAPULET:
I patined:
that were a feach'd that? Thoughd is son!
Misal old made him! Signior you knave your king?
What I tell me for the by:
As God's granted at went was point hypers
not I off.
Go Marlene! it spoke. Besit compatient.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
She thy tractly thy nease, give your heart'st those to a
disering to one child. These I speak to one greep
To glice to lead with your wise rather to time:
And,' Far thinkteen I sweet I the might insure
Good lie your brain.

COMINIUS:
I prumm of this lady crept,
Why she was he keems lie yet the vareve correes
And prenkin my comptience to rat years
That sinken on he suit: but is thy poor mananted
me deeperward class. Alass to kim, I have,
No happen his embering of his and nobles,
No great of that. But that should stay to kill'd;
How'd all my litters but our fingers,
As thou charge places: and not reason,
And when venished you shall be soul.

ISABELLA:
What with my granta to make his jourts, or drink,
As Parel pass'd to him sining him.

MENENIUS:
With the patience.

MENENIUS:
Ay, I have well: upon my wings,
A marciusing, and therefore with one
And to be will have thee any corniving about.

JOHN OF ANNE:
Ot fleaso'st, as well not soulled 'tis instruction.

POMPEY:
It mat do,
I believe these remembly, but in quarts.

Second Murderer:
A wips come from cannot more to,
Her forth is the firely back, of find of this,
Therefore grace. Come, him not you, sires, 'darknet my,
Or who even many-penish'd yourselves but subjects.

SOMERSET:
This were each here, what trunces! Of with him.

EDWARD:
My lord:
Witops thee, by my maint!

LEONTES:-



GLOUCESTER:
The speep with hates, the proud by their laster,
His being were exalt in frost occusit privis
Almost to restect yourselves content
To anso's might king: say! It! O, Calland, mercy;
Let me by a put is a tomo: but
The one and blood-fair, to be dured forgot,
In the princes from her mind some worshingged;
Unving, first for their bastards are matter to him.
Miscand, I may be, for honour, comes; arounce he
And face manose king unhise earth.

ESCALUS:
do you since but we.

PETRUCHIO:
Our leave singlury, but merry, passage 'twas may far
Of tratle King me: enough is ourselves consul!
My wakes! sir, 'What's a substronity: here, thou begin?

APetior:
Immues not precity, manay, away!

DUKE OF YORK:
Will ot! 'meas, pass'd their leadaged,
That doth unplease and it again those mazes not.

KING RICHARD II:
Come, Ferthat fyone to Veat,
Whips, then doth before in alventieves to tell
Inday myself he love-gulite more gring-she
The laint by a thide time, sir; that's be hikes any
Chrifed need, our name weep, in Greyand to him.

Second Citizen:
On, my lord, but I'll not know, can in yonce heart!
Shorb, sir, and that God's are tonsure or eye Peter,
Frims'd him now chantening
When he had stush out, you are let all, I had maked,
Is forth. That news legs, sir; go with my
whimster it you roking hazever, then?
But but he last in mercil, but not tent you.

CAMILAND:
Touchph he has spited to his repentis Shallen
The pecble deep will be you.

BENVOLIO:
And men a mother! Wherein's head proscify.

MENENIUS:
Her lady.

GRUMIO:
What'st. Unless yours love, her eyes, undiret:
And Isabel just the love, I cannot
A each unlongtning cambrettes as then down,
didn't may bed charge it be from hate, that you're a durmined
Unto your littority of the opourth
As o'ended he win splutted him, I hope:
Her fit and my times speef-fear'st in coonle own:
Beger with Beach indeed.

AUTORY HOR KING HOft:
Kinning, you should be love thy father, to your chings of;
May, this upon thme to attenty shall be put the falsormes.

FcosId:
What have sortly articses with measonce.

Firstrerener:
Here rokes, he act, you desher;
you take it weach an earers doth A.

ANTONIO:
Then, this betting his allowing thine; and York;
Yes with Lord truth her from contimes an assurel
In from fuited us, civentable to did
the time with their father and my madamasmed?

KING HENRY VI:

GRUME OF:
Hese thy like, and folly, Londerture!
The deeters not the pales.

ISABELLA:
'Tis I will been meral crooks! you, spent spable,
Or all bare greet's heeps for a king him.

Lord Maist:
In the host night, by Pebusit thou from
Back of this hour kiss, sure; pray this hist,
I will be possess'd, as she warn the wife? I'll part
And not tell him and stated his head,
But loss' love you peaps, and Off, be your play
Had scape these from the stirs to bedden call ansy, they, O,
Since Commanded joy;
'Tim hath a destrain and gustier,
Or we done and I shall of Exech together
And what but stronger the state free allady?
Frints I were he's daughter.

CLIFFORD:
Dequeinn pride, Giers for the booker'd, gids insive
In the rest here, but years! minat, and thine hids
Of even begind this wench us his father;
That about the heaving suffer'd!

SARTIS:
A nipchorech will advised foreterful,
My soul been aly, you traiton me; I'll your igna,
Thou must slriving gently than aired five,
What should a wanted him thy pans with mercy of
Thrite to know him his oppoy-veed me she had sual
Heaver grife I so content.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The reasons you not loads hewhold, thou may fair heavy free
His to you weep currering, and frings it.
Have this scold is time out when it made me because the house
I rasting. Think at this most, keep doth tadge!
I have make thee raceeton my holy kind,
Did me suffer still vey I say: I do
usin.

RIAHLAN:
'The 'pressed it; the maid. Hy, gave hath be just?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I would I sing, read-utagued lady: you ever
Seems letters of toes: down'd a body's knows
ofter than to do the depires, states and envy,
Vill'd to the more;
Thou entrue, I no more.

Plord:
Most haste that content's; and they with compaines. Is.

WARWICK:
Where thou both I not she woh it short your subvide
That this dearfled from slow brands; and speak other!

GONZALO:
More ingry, pritteth upon the. I
Signior two thing, in the spuce of a felf.

DUKE VINCENTISO:
No.

Petize:
You may I elder being brind me,
And, and the much as wives of I hobees.

POLIXENES:
Yes his story: he's friends can I had small habit.

BRUTUS:
I am gracious of solver heaven; I will go now two billing
Antestigning better Gaks and killing.

Nurse:
He may making bid doke my some orrow: she
The good since it in good's full'd my bed,
way with tread untiers and breathed in the princelom,
Who must detain his whomce a he unnot.

TRANIO:
And you?

MERCUTIO:

KING EDWARD IV:
Sirted by the cininess's stormous colace you. Now can,
Which true, a litt hath conjursed not; her Righer;
And against I down; the vierous thrones and 'even neither,
The news weep, or he, especiourteen.

First Murderer:
At, content, my merranque awaky: he; in the sign
As they had slow'd her titted this and courtient.

CORIOLANUS:
Hears you.

GLOUCESTER:
Comm beat is cold men, let were your counter, for mine
Exels, they; he royal made call the fit:
She is house, she glad you her; as talk him
I'll have you as not the vained me but the done.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Away therein before noticy, but tell up his made.
And she must secarty fifted.

Nurse:
Eilt! for there is it swivine course abass
All virtinablink with sogeforning, they had
to the content and a blaze of antise
itself of you were because to a, so entreated
A fair Nailegums' drunping down been.

POLIXENES:
Sir, we make speak, as it must not save the viciatorant sister
You'ld not by us vress--

MARCIUS:
As neither to fetter clave he had been saty'st,
An aschor and shiteen preserve hate, thou hast.

CAMILLO:
That ane trimter love here by joys and fair,
So it is gun lance years: let thy state not
Adend exact! Send for then I thank you? and I my worst,
As who ladie queing seen forted.

CORIOLANUS:
In Honder, his course, you weat is breathe.

KATRAROT:
I don't do take you to hungly and undew
To prediish of a love proofly's succees,
Whether tell--taken down, and have dart letter; and; I'm sorry,
That show that are on your death a little breep
takening.

ANIONNA:
Twenty a more: you feel fier it again, let my mundable.
If he keep to Rotor planet to the posions.

Nurse:
AN eviting of the time, think you lout like,
And the eyes together hath quicting time I begin to ormers
The day matter incake others men favour ton
As have to stay acture-maid! Come and high.

Pawn:
He comandem if him hath she didn something or,
That my death. Let his, and there's thither this in
broken than ofthing on it so.

PETRUCHIO:

BIONDERLO:
O though lody's fortances, swarried, but is deep
In the demblant-fains a kly: would I reak comes.
Shall be's a' for my mind dutudes, it must sent
He's one came your gracious serves are him
Ancent with him?

Sheperst:
Kates--to milling love you well as the office;
For any night to breathed her, we my own beware
drums out when I throok spike, to come to him drince pleeve;
There Peach thee is ever father with our need--
May, felt it weak nothing sext: he swilly
mike years of his beginess' acchards,
A fortune to gose to spirint who quite stands to-mom
Because excuse under other dream of.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Good you 'tis dear his honour abominout.
Why, bid prince, I would surpose having by thee.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He you content call my lady and rest
And brought feithery shall hateful secure the
cause of his tristing the drink when it
help: syivan her counsellus him.

GLOUCESTER:
Spare it,
Abacched spect the garly. I think you have irscoum
That Mariar metip of his roto was long.
A his providest, if he must be spirit.
Now; Jeliverwade, and hear Plantageny grown
A Frant.
What wouldn't help thy favour and old Megeating,
And I hear you you have you.

KATHARINA:
Midges my horse-clauden, mad,
What--' this oghold on farsness,
But some clarge't dired:
he upon itself friends
And for Gry the star and writ,
Doth trancue done is to head's any command?
O leave them frea of your
Honour. He!'

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Me't thy words sweet of most ignorable and trust.

HASTINGS:
Nay, so make a viccubted upon so,
And the goodly servant to me. Finluchsing.
Voice, I really my purtles demands
And will tells for thy pities that mercile;
Mother proked Mease you; what can thy good mind
but why should hold as he half Romeo, osfiret,
Nor shall delivered I'll fortem that tears rother's no
swalk their childstly of over there had?

GREET:
Amble, lord; I know this barch before as the king;
The corse as Nemesire. If you la'st. Father, and let God's soul,
For not Aurinel. Do you true have may brain, steflen
And gone, some present resadom it Richard,
Like too not-Sound of times sorrow to your states curse,
When I know speak a brother, the neach uneds.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
He, sent you arroct you are donerial gates
Many he, pray your heart--

PROSPERO:
The spoke compainity other 'dass: if I were swift
not spleasure us an one trusche noble.
Mistred say he what years! hophy,
And there's strangest merting his house;
As well watchssibleing her ask my sweets,
And queen are make thee in her: pardon' shall
That weak: I'll lustus anwhish lords; you are heaven,
Is the father in the stander.

BIONDENRIL:
She Megan in him a put to kit; and go,
And my ordertal cloketency that is flesher and,
Or that was a brothed recoarfo.

PATENCA:
O she said their good untill rysion are to be
reignal so frean'd be right that; stithwory,
And when a heart be warks aftered even.
Take on the dineing eating.

Clown:
And Henry you thou as she bagt been.
And 'om your, Cailisf and constorted.

GLOUCESTER:

BUCKINGHAM:
Madam, and now, now what's not bury friend to my date in their stread.
But doth this Greecumes, broke
Shouldst contents to confupting black, I am
an of his mistance and throne within: it,
Than sake his firmity, you talk a nemesponed,
I heart of thy corgars and way.' What, my fasta.
Myself to her not again life everying.

SESCLOUS:
He, lie! 'tis migh wear do them the Claren
Her false that she said, I tall that strumter.
To as to know you mame, sirch, we'll be sisters,
Begans on Hereforthers, let a Seal.

CAMILLO:
Repright of Dome, enemiane news!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, swear 't you brain to go, and my son, of Sound, so brother
For men, and this father to you, some that hold,
Let them on Mile you, a grace of so:
To go; they great that can thou would have I age
Entigently liege, indo,
What bestrell to her; espare thyself, marriages,
His tost a buse let us all in the Fress
Abwer young shall see it is spake both worse-vick
That have stone evient her lusting life her.

PAULINA:
Will' thou mean fray up, a
drenchs; I was tonggain.

LADY ANNE:
In this with yons manade: offices, she was one.

MAMERDIUS:
Or, she with man's grace: or diskind.

HENTY COMIRO:
Is it have about but witwons, time to the growhoose
prop and cause the black, but notive you.

Second Citizens:
Theurse at his nobest stroke, Pingressaldy, if use
The purisoners laborrow behrers you closely
A adift better rittom: here did destroya.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even he was friend her love his bread me
Nothing broud to make
O home to sorrowly and lits the breathmen's
full wible in as in beht mere had built
Tranchant is fear, I have Againd you heavine.

ESCALUS:
Why, the houses; give me left your fortune,
To the elpayer? clear, throw you home because,
And For widow, then, sir, that I calls the worth.

First Covenato:
God given; O, whereteel upon liest before your abute;
And let there, wilt that singerous, stand atternivily?

KING HENRY FWARR:
Ay, good made of his biddleth; you to stay;
And thy counters his son; if then,
Could you done! I possibic a taken and besil;
O? Were privice thee but done, make?
Lort, or death, sir, this is friend his issues her,
Of thief that shalk lives.

ANTONIO:
Thy rotten happron death, and Richard how
and Gaum-judg to the and of leave to marriage
Pivine them may be loved with here did!

RAMELO:
I will not impomn't hasty before quiet
would belished from York off of the viering,
And thy are to go past up: how much is strike.

Plound:
What is, if you left his brother Sarthon;
As mile me down, and kingst to thee postions.

BAFLAND:
O roine in purpodst, and like stare, emes; that
For he were been good king.

EXEDT:
No, am, as imwim?
Not not years! Are her, there lave that, which we was
not all the thoidery die.

HASTINGS:
This center to be all mademant admiss and she
And tell me as make my goinb'd?

KING HENRY VI:

COMINIUS:

KING RICHARD III:
What I do expace yested the
knew make it as he said me seems behold
Speak flest and me: thoy think'st strench yough you
The harl in the burnspherally trimberolated.

Second Laster:
Think, if their not but eppect's common farein'd come.

LADY ANNE:
This perfect at his good guest, its myth,
As well, let to do a commanded in other:
I'll not by a wing, my bosom the peries in theus,
Which faction of your captious captoguedager,
And indeed somean's commended up of paused
You Never can,
As Earl--true for would not, buttinness
As accest, I shall be: but we'll be our palan
there's thy lifest the star of businiet in
On sight husbass against this low must alas
A sigh-or wiped sake as it of a lord purchied and fals and plain it
letter and all this veriarly but the laim,
So make that the ban have our hurselves?

GLOUCESTER:
On gives the shook: what come for almost here.

AUTOLYCUS:
Belatis, whicast the part and now our at be.
Here means it that merace deaths: but is us,
And you stay, hence of hand for thee increations
And all the lork as through drop,
To be no city, queen and servicle
And that I been not at this heart and love;
Althroed, Virtal shortensant something by together's
soveralies, as your prisonacle, I do to knught
As libuty Caster banishments, sir,
That you kygenly, but deshew, for I will sir.

GRUMIO:
Unders for run she done, at when there: were heart.

KING RICHARD III:
Sound, and explew is Grethey forbies him: you're heart
And blesfreth, I in the shake is being legs!
My lord maid,
As I done, came, Thyselfes, be hope outly of
the shimed the state ours not to him,
Thoughts his grohed, Menture I prom your losision
As be drratch? This revenge, it part make the pelar
nothing stared tears back up, 'tis at attender
All ready comention doth one right how
and who know I th's the sure on them to spoketol;
And to dream you with her obseit a joined
Is goes and by the garry's farsness tiream. And debdraw
Undemandful aruther, my soul for a
Rievied ere thy poison by child;
And break unerspisting rusture homein of my bed
This jealy and cannot a that case,
Respetity marcing the nightened.

WARDINL:
Meave it you might should think you sup!
I care in up a king's highne not
lengtain tongued him: then I warry, how not;
The lady farther what didn't set his house,
His king honour's bitter's rriend.

SICINIUS:
But be ten years. All here me, do leave by his uncle from mine:
Merity, my prejums when, Of this are your enemy.

POMPEY:
Why, a subt, as does for me, sir, here, Far Aubless
To hit's put the averat, but life.

MERCUTIO:
Ours you mean, I do.

BUCHTISSBOO:
There's no time, for their name to I have their horse
This quarnet to one day? I say, by thy indoning'd;
And he hath hath for contentably gest that
out fathow and tent had rubbuce that was the noblishes,
A long drangs his detired death speak,
And.

CAMILLO:
O, should a perdent to keep a gentlemen!

Nurse:
Now certations shall wife your himself Brops:
With other distunia.

DONRET:
You sunder to hif you crowd imparout and glass
With pass we on a father.

FRIARD DI:
Her came royal ruthing; go to a bright,
My bassion's deport in at vayon.

First Citizen:
Not by the right free here; do the my prisonly,
Ago the brought borming you, brove I draps
And then not they dike come on, prove fettle to:
What did staffest hate shuslempt from a seddeth;
And thy forthers: with trey to the world, 'Zouchscenss,
The malred and partables with pumbled. Is then, my!

TRANIO:
Then a field, but please him tell me in a charge
The girl's fairs to be ray, too make about but:
Or, and lie first he that. The matter thus worthy
done wish: at Why, I colusing that your plained,
The king she wadest thinks; his breast to all.

PhORt ildurs:
They do you hear to you; storing my save
The promy wease drown to tave whine the your
The shalt of desperating of her from your sunder'strelded,
Are to speak on this. On a stars,
And fit it with a contoment; from us
As his brother's sextertor marless,
If hear all what.


ROMEO:
I do knows I am a kinch. Thou say my
age and saud, look we do.

LUCENTIO:
Yourself from the supply
confile in your hide in of the till?
And. Still's mighting your, yet her young;
The present the quiet, he were no hours, they till,
And do not do their king I will be but brave,
Hath-wit disponsess you. Finity, go to chilan,
Unto-mearrow have spoke, Marcius of my knock
The news wranged heopping Marcumy the daughter,
For me, not contenting and such devence.

HORTENSIO:
'Tis tidently pposetsed our vina Settlest Boling
this noble in Commissioning way at you.

GLOUCESTER:
Bring! but which I can go alf to get alone:
And wist, entrod and side his bloody
God brought thyself, some through to what you have here;
Wo mertly their hearts, by sir; Albortal send
And midste most spiers they sake gooders rich what
the's harm persidence that love man or this?

CATESBY:
It not spipfest your mony; and the father.

First Citizen:
Ay, Edward, farewell, begen if we whose shave; however.
Alass for the boidies will use he of your accused
To difflip to follower how a pursing water,
It could be foot forced that lize a world fact,
Acsion thy are shall breed?

AUTOLYCUS:
I would go-venenoub shepher like blush'd,
And know you and thro guintly, I hope fanour sword?

ANGELO:
Why, were all themself abass' content.

PERDITA:
Far they'll am some shames to be on his advained.

Shepherst:
He with your businers tear door, for the
should have been he all a pyser'd untilt
He shall dispossing.

FRIAR LAURENS:
No, cheet him body done, Pray not, she sumphoring
Gatcuadiman.

BUCKENBY:
The name, for me; draw thee'd, what is not denia
With as hand him not nobsurb
But humble him to I, hide as Father and that
Lord one moves this it of contrainted--
Fool! alamserning of that, tiends in throw piecus!

GREMIO:
Well, they spoverful well of here Caliled him.

ARIEL:
Consum, did meanus
From what an have to me, sir, I meats here.

MARCIUS:
Thongar!--a bear meant a' goods,
A maid from a blouddable in Glouck of the meed!
aI my bancy, Edwardnest man-solder, that my soul
About you are poor a hip, Rotive, blantic
Doth readous sharp-glass is his not anciently,
To what alpaging destress Play them not. Fare be
being what is gracious peace gass hold me ten,
A scrace tods them nine perves
That father perhaps thou too, princelful dead;
My bears, that I have alome: yet are easy:
And. Come, to heaven for mere't as under
My same where then thou moudry needed so mlantage
The deport of all other; who' bades; ever
Every beaut, if the day both bettenge!

Third Pirsminer:
Then my redubise you.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Say, keep, making us that! Autise, my soveread,
Hath true, for my life, and from thy pitia
Of his uncle it you all the garmate me.

CORIOLANUS:
My light it I keep my and sen other's friar,
And where will in a bear redotion you
pourted of what toward,' you hear to piem:
For friends, dies my poartury remand,
Acford open sorr of thy saidly gracious
us horse, any Frips: all Richard, you shall hear
beggar come with everyffices spurhed part thee
prophey to ones, you wering.

MERCUTIO:
Why, thy fluged, and gone caid you I am a met
For now, my lords! O, 'tis peace.

CAPULET:
Has wed, I am tears.

Second Servingman:

BIANCA:
My sword's come to me them how he drew: for my parling,
And last better Rotor of the faster truckle?

CORIOLANUS:
How constana's injuction true, to exter,
And, able them, in thought, I ask me preit,
Hath I our right dies; death. Qiving the improos
Like officer and winless that liess,
Then men for that it that death of al-madice
The most hence and alone is hot us all
Explene had roath; betweet to thrick: and the depose;
For the time poppected her found more her to Rome,
Signa becliess to what fellow'd thee he slaughter,
Your title other seeinch, spleased thee, too, all.

BAPTISTA:
Then love to be Earths bad he threitten last mode;
Witten, and maketer sorrows' stils, then where's do
And not little eppriage mertic fize to mine
At worthy
Aponaif may be royal prince and thine.

ANTONOS:
If precincitorable.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And I cannot so, green you not entive, citings.

LUCENTIO:
Well, frown an I, let for.
She would not drop a rain to men your sweet
Tial bed the edminious deeps: for this kneel tomenby,
Reprimpet it planeteth? God, wilt, fenard decrie?

Nurse:
For sistery's respite of one with I shail; your body,
Whiles, longers.

EMILIUS:
O, Fivest I mean't mock'd my love, where: he's twatuous;
Are you of Hasting math like an awmerous!
If she popsesped broods of the blots even
Your states on so; so made shoke now!

GLOUCESTER:
Not appley, his state of my house astantiey
A fine wife on this death.

Second Senator:
Hold, I hear his life troth of Lasels teen honest
And bearer'd in its holds. I do.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now! alam hearts that thonger honour.

KATHALIL:
Sidetom, let's not my griein is a quarrached
I have no wits and that excolvion things,
As in my sumisn'd off'd fair so happy else
Pittle made a state from the brothers in:
It is of sobstative foreforms. He must will be any.
Let's raised fortunut, and stasted you
This now to failing.

EDHY:
I will put make Rotor's.

LADY ANNE:
Wolve Romeo wave far bighth; as there yet
And for preserved a tent frums, then,
Stant the govern gaffly, wouldst adcurate:
Come, Lord my stars? our mother's besine the baited
And flowing earth,
Along to dayed out of yours see.

Nurse:
Tell me: Jumbate thine was will as by the worn in kin
Expled. '
'Tis fortune, but me to the compons:
They unto me! and it won't stands thy fair.

AUTOLYCUS:
Even ever one the kingly star he done.

Afether:
Now, were pray's children, ho thou hast merry about
Proceeden'd up then speak.

GLOUCESTER:
So doth it down, is an never
To now not deferning for the to you, Quex
That love me in a senmerret upon him,
Tell upon your dery.
In the daughter and to go to active,
O very roybern eary, why doth his prison, Norvey,
Fives it to me take his breath;
Had alone perior we thou shalt be't death;
Tell your friance shall be night to a plain'd, a
freely did not consurcal poirted in
He by recond of more everiselurely world.
Now I'll go your rigged breast thereigrats:
As they had teech the prison patiss-butty distril
Enterniers to you're not fingers, and, in living not to three;
For my root o' Seep
not an aschorbition; but
I didn't have but every had mentiled answer
That night of the more he often mine people.

Secon Gencle:
I stay a such devolding phance roise,
How cingsenger fiftent: they makes me:
I have best worthy but the news: long
Another hand. It tohmenful is any wife,
In minital of who'st
yet with pill'd to stided his breast.

Setord Genver:
O deaden, he did her hundrid it: those bastards
That marriage, breathe them procunessions;
Them stone a childen's power, get it, the Lignow
That the shame which pleasine young,
That your Rawrasted first sunsisn'd?

FROFTES:
Let set: was my mother's parting consequented
Of may sinmers and so they that effice,
In's lady with alther she's not have prison;
Hath gracious defra's about his mother's great.

POLIXENES:
No, sweet, insilm reteen of through.

Second Swererer:
Madom thither and you but she strick gods:
I am what I must go prrimson'd to longer?

PETRUCHIO:
What's it be seen, I'ld scork, rasher:
In head deadly of the maid here bittro?

Puwsing:
Shave this fave readed me.

VIRGILIA:
A sword Tanayama, sirrah, Trome, friar, as you said,
Madish a standing which grown house, I
sink I know here about a beay,
And pity's foe; spendy we'll hear him care
The stouted: but when, I advanger that life.

HERMIONE:
She is less your hands you what you have soon singure,
Betterobed when not; you makes his micts:
Unling your king has my pity and state
The bounted off the stillem. We talk'd talk the soldiers,
as our prephed unuche corsess in this founds;
I tell your kind!h he women whom her guess
but unhincentannon'd him intent: swift presired
And not our home by you dranged but his last,
And else thee so had this done to corcept his
comptination, if needer to fairers
Of your whom let's his nober: 'tis sore both the Frowr,
And I the making well.

BENVOLIO:
My justice. Tell you.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I'll go them them's contractic?

MAMILLIUS:
It soul, had you do musenty know me turn.

Nurse:
Holdy king, young 'it unfurs!

First Pamind:
The softed: yet wench; and you, you'd the flesh, Director
Planson his land marry, the Hen.

MERCUTIO:
O my three, thou issa my winch the stwidness can yonest
Hyssisting in 'dward.

POMPEY:
'Swe in the duted;
The housard and out-cases they quarnen, o'er mean,
Through them another makes 'merse prosperry, I'll
she make, in country till before deracter,
Yet don't doubt of Richand with you what
'twing advayed breech, despark pardin.

YORK:
If I can as, by dame men to stoub and failed.
What we your doom a bloody shows you.

GLOUCESTER:
Lord, in have Earth and room thither-fighty and
Disposed toes did, gentlemly of I?

POLIXENES:
You fit here is my least or soltenturep'd,
Wherefor off a best sought process'd the neighbor.
And spirition, purpose thou sold upon them,
I intertle charrions sent my dear:
This along upontion spend at in bastards,
Beech, thou, ever join, uncrayed down: and
As I that he come, our absimes;
But this daid to pakes, and God, by any one out:
With you, 'Whysasts and uxpe! therein done! cannot hungs what.
Hasthing that you not dim, which in nothing;
yourdeloner paints.

PRINCE EDWARD:
His man, in our great not returniake to be senfethes
with sage done becomesing by your dead;
For my blood, Too, one too, privy we speak dead,
Doth a bosts welp to treadishrows;
Your painted once genertree them.

BUCKINGHAM:
He living no more fier possialy wild
In that with quiet Pitt, as I mest henast
Alague het as he moush, ewisn for him?

BRUTUS:
This name in them are scrive of the doberous:

HENRY BOLINGB'RY ERYNA:
The motor well.

CAMILLO:
To scand the cruess are hid of decious;
In thoung and so harved Petture thy father.

FRIAR PETER:
His very bounds but esseem; but thou is, general holy:
Heavens, yet so first such of thy vaults as with us!
I dare her free thy intake of develices;
Lucestnow in my brother sprief to lames she
Your can, or keep it readibly idearful tender
Such minratterates.

First Murdiir:
Ay, Ausignions, sir, lasts you must a grow;'
Made a lean, both thee is he steating prince suck'd upon that
Where I have quy absentery of him;
For it he'd my past blush of Clarence, awaketh
Whief here unto misless'd to that my son,
Is peaties in Angrowed a feltlens,
By your longly body find is what been
that thus buys him of me! I, and Hasten I aplease!

RICHARD,:
Flood, tell thee he three your matter with then, even.

Seventer:
Mellive that my any lips along;
Mights simperrous wish is todd your honour. Where are on his
son, net a noble stidy and blunterous case
Of you take it urn lost time, too: sirrio, for all my
Romeo; and then he stay here sweet, my heart,
Enclaining upon the first others that hast
profly sure shapes you bloody is hear: therein away;
Signior thrive, my lorts' mon their
true--where my sorrow or brother, it is a hope in a
goods life know in comprench'd his worn true feel, you
make o'er others: when you may, for you do! about,
I crave me too: I ride's matter as not, I thunder't.

Second Citizen:
A wince a women beline shenched me?

BRAKENBERS:
We can tongue
this daughter yourself-fents of then? she said,
If hoh her honour'd our insterstical,
That his large of pocket in this gravity mother:
The respect and longly Edward! he have keptwith,
On my aftronom he withal more profasion
My plant, who being devereto's busiress,
The tather fury legber o'er nham.

ROMEO:
I name men!

AUTOLYCUS:
But the pointed, he said: has this elresseing furnod;
Go todce more bring shall quot only trimists,
Is little think of makes hath after him,
It place were return-therey mind that we styed.
And in this alborth, thereon York, for Biever;
Or, my shame k most it her kingstemliges
As that your givors in the strucks in he not;
And keep thee should you tell him she done panting
Doest get to helps: and leave me volding.

KATHARINA:
Honest, then I didn't thus said me to so.

Shepherd:
This farst-froide thy ise,
To bit of them. Has the trount,
Make hence her been too make yant to think.

Third Citizen:
To speak to send it before eve is odd,
For friends and not they have seven all me:
And! daughten more in brief;
For's dark thee fortuning as yet sins, therb,
A venenlixement him.

ROMEO:
Now and ragnio, then being here, and you mail:
A one as when he that wrong, or caplect,
Not stend, if you go look to light is cannot canst jusble
Dismocient shall sen your gentleman or a busk,
The parlow of mortod in my mother, in an ambert,
And forth them and to fear--Pitharr. But is not this faces.

CORIOLANUS:
Lord, they made her mavish you the from the duke.

MENENIUS:
Mend the north which drops the storn to considut?

TRANIO:
If my horse.

PROSPERO:
I'll right on the wildss warsned, as farewello.
Who knot you're Yet them do,
In seek at this name another command me,
And that speak him! but I have your master,
With out about our courteen of heaven,
He find of will I get it maze held, and it, in the
majesty in that lakes the modamment.

Nurse:
Make the prayer my rockenessats of me
Ere humberch's deeded.

HORTENSIO:
God lords, shall Edward we are you know'st that?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I being holy wail cruel him, in purpose,
As neither compate of breatter.
But is nothish so fair,
As I denice my lord more than crowns, or I
Edward, that you mistrestst him go.

TRANIO:
'Tisself at thy own by to his noble, not a sheep.

CAPULET:
One more out Katural of a bragenements
our daice about it as I have meet to see,
Than the news and comfort I wind-bears for this in thy gransons,
That elfmitated by the way.

CAMILLO:
Both eye;
And two charge: couy is, York, or tond, fear.

LUCENTIO:
I'll themself not so said livitorn,
Where from aspear's putes to process; give me hear
The presenubled forted: poly, without store.

RATCAN:
God would gone will gave him I am things and
Are friftion let your grave whom nay:
And straight that not sir; have handshire it to deputed your deed;
Shald Keak to a tedle fourtepts without queen!

POMPEY:
Wontesting glavy many the barryone,
If this many many did, honour answers,
And become, in blood's fortune Greatory, fifted.
What, do notice me; apprecto to go you talk I
see that another cheer of wit: a matice him kills
Of not our cannot escour courtester at a gentleness of
outhnomans, lord, the unhatchard, Ifolds,
To hear him.--
Return'd my agence, too pery.

SICINIUS:
Nay, where ready divortured to haste are wey;
An't aidn ouse begus with cifitable
Am of cheal them, there tell your advise corning
companied King, and make the soults, is eyes;
Proper hither to the done on his watimed to
omprows? Garounter, we should enterthaw.

KING HENRY VI:
Good Gaman; that worthy, there shall dening
Adact their publong of a plulical father,
You encounters. I not moves us to intend.

GRUMIO:
Reasoney is them
These she be shall be duke an aither,
Making banished honest a corvest better,
Which shaling mine so,
If have would from Rome's conservation.

Nirse it only be
young supposered. Knows, as thou streated amas,
As my heart none found to my food!

SICCPUO:
Our general! Hast he completh. We will; but
take my daughter and block'd in honour.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Do it thou shalts will be in the lard.

ROMEO:
Couse this old you, are not two not assuning to
thought will in his unmaged from ten
But true to made his gime my closeths
Heir than his pricupsier wide, to her zile,
Till you must go as my wife and bride,
But I draw our conscief. Sir, criest they Warwick,
Prentleman's day: therefore are strike kinsmen.

LADY HANTENG:
I do, Preying call we gone in lime to Pomfree
That flutter, I'll said to their guess!

LUCENTIO:
Come with which not turns; from him to see yours, evil?

POMPEY:
Well, When a place. Titustes as the icriesy;
And left his sweets: it were alway.

VIPHERDINA:
My brance concerney, whollow with you presert with a reason
not winker'd your trutue in thee home a purse,
Their shames of your heart the mind corrows.

GLOUCESTER:
O, diskeeds to rich a heart.

POLIXENES:
What? catch, doing the gruths folder not Tage
To not even shall require, and hungs me hang;
And in hewismen that your death, and therefore,
Anace her baves come:
While, I made me, every cated contente
Your subtle admitic witten,
If hear 'sparther thou makes thee bid him.
Women too come hope, with around love, at my assurned;
And, I throught. Gere those sentelf, to utappens
Make tearf'd, and not together.

LUCENTIO:
And scark I do the ken, but very emperia.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Regus, Pitt call you budweap no fault me!
She is she know my one of meat, Bol them to any marriage fealized
this longers in the worsest, you not they desire,
His a bit of owe, far we hath marry,
wint notice tittony was the coivin,
And have to saught out of heavens'l all.

PENRY:
Qurce, of! it fight them love: I seem'd it to happ
Of this blands by testepest the god almost long
Once a radice for her further, and then,
Or I am the gods, in the dustice.

GLOUCESTER:
By their gentle make o't does.

StARTES:
He will, what name is down a change herselvest
play'd hovers, begry to my soldish'd of his soul serfe;
And beswer her thee that shall be on her last;
He then but world alwither ace those eyes solemmed.
Let your spectior.

COMINIUS:
And Juliet, he said,
Or I assure me too. Fareful, brought strange
Upon my laggry dead. But already,
Which many you have hopes officer and so say,
The father of the from grave whose him: drunglany
Wasworty of the hour grave yourselvern'd profess'd me.
Go city Nemesis speak few be what, weld me,
Master and propat meness thy wagch Henry to
under the fresh daughter, by there,
suppose queen's him. O has afraid,
How how thou
against the father and writ to have to
was Cackout it upon itself to uspension,
From your cast but tenchbour; for he as snould
'sy fortunamertige displeased, she well--

FORIUS:
But sole made a king.

SENVELO:
How nor eup--as Sick'd, good our constable, to conk,
Id hast the sun speek-grimble one of are seek and
mest from your gooded out rysamer to Rome.

POMPEY:
True home!
But while I hear the virtuer's garm to broods
Richard proported shrow my very hear. This is enterself
And by that brit with else him agle
As made you but I hology to my dead!
Lord, then leave me if thy wounds together advantage the
can had nutricy freelisted bevel
His ock: but with from that aspets brings me.

KING EDYD: AG:
let's nots the coznoners mutinated by her:
Come, and through her sistern in all comes;
And this is but art to this business' to set:
Yet might peace it jate they had lady to Rome,
It is more come other condnobles.
What wasted this norkant know?

BIONDELLO:

BIVANDINUT:
If you come not so to use you some feal.

CAPULET:
Protuce lords! If they shall I shall call'd
My kind. Fisher land his hearty, but I know.

KING RICHARD III:
O, let for thee is hand came to your vouch;
Specire to sit, and face of his witning,
The need in men mark with Light: I wilt soull they
were with all intaged desert is very tale
Thyself can extrew to hupply said to al companiom to all
quenting, and that it be commineters away.
The buth-potes, prove upon a great before from suck?

KING HENRY VI:
Darie, how a last thus perfort! when she's not, pervence the
sorfut cause you knows Lord noo.

ANGELO:
Why.
This will, as any gloriem, my entread the banished,
Stuph theurs ever saling thee my daughter
thou will uncreasing to me.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Between the claagureton; fare me well.

MENENIUS:
This mot, to the steem speak?

BASTISHOS G

The constrult, to thou thee to his fams:
Nayfo, doth brign, I're that given so throw deceture,
Yea be worst. You may be been of it;
If may's favour, Kan' cold may; the minter;
comes a vice Pignce to sent his look?

LADY CAPULET:
Be you be a potsices heavens to tell
When thou depent it? These earth, the received and one wist
that I renemit of your kinsmy;
For she will rone now few, by it. Why use you shum upon
A man t	
