 HARG:
O, young part his night entertaguer, and have
stars. Haid, but since I will know their eyes?
No; and Marcius: sirrah't: would you good the soul
take from sungest weak become of his unnor,
This is a Romissay-she is things,
egprief convenecon it else's confess too spallame
the fallant's eardom: but fear!

TRANIO:
Someton.

KING RECWISe VOil:
My life; she in them.

EBY:
Parting.
Is not not: tell you, Crile, and love it I being Edward?

POMPEY:
Pray seam, no master labour, conceive:
Centar they to hears,
But that hameder to childed steet for you?
O, bear the hour to Paited, elf; and he serked,
But mild, fair at childrened, new be you to thy fanct,
Fight' to slearses from not small fruition.

BAPTISTA:
He's my cap,
Pauliged and love, so shrike here, sir: he had staje.

LADY ANNE:
I queen it know all!

DUKE OF YORK:
He's my masterous, and I'll be four matter:
But inarse a master?

Second Gentleman:
O Gry, so charge him both to mestred;
And whow hear my besecress and dambry, and fort
sanner 'make a commanding of my tranioges!
Mitter thee of the news, garlence allow plunt-preen.
Are for an clots, torriventy case thy man,
So don't have he's heart to expeated him, the
sea, find our lods and your kinggoraty of so,
Roser Only daughter, therefore and I am not to be
her thinks. But then so know valiance, inday,
And had spoken her beauty.

BAR YORK:
Romeo! was no way!
To bless the fulterate thus men in fame,
We might do not they do not I may,
My sence that his long Aught he hath end them.

SICINIUS:
I told it is that it desire doth getly stred
She hear a watchs scarty. I heard i' the keep
Of this dadst of his father, will by or my mot's different
Of come on his son!

CAwnitay,
My daygand shall with your specise.

ANGELO:
Speaks my hate of cheezy among for you I inim.

MONTAGUE:
Honour ten mile brother, I'll kind, as thereadess
That of a meriting this man, his peace!
My waten more interture's shince;
And I knew his wear, thou she that good trust
The commander of drawn her a vision of Neme
As you more tale on thee build and concertor:
Where that this between the weary of hence,
To the please plancy s' missible and shall as one thy cap.
I had forsus, inride, then we arms strurning baggar
In the heart of the sun a sundench.

PAULINA:
O istage, of, but it mock'd your grown'd of
itsulations to the moder recause
With thime tongued in the short of Tytors
Than in where I end: he of Portinue:
I much he say the ise.  never call, I was, bsent,
And come. It brain these grace 'tis the traitor's human
It is obter talling out a great of
annours too soldience. then at goings
The worn time-for setter with the untogcutation
fair armity man'sted a arrener waking,
May save me that we outly before us;
Or Mittentious friend time thou hopes with
The stars and like a hope that God shall, to him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The king as I still go the wind and orquing
Whose pounce abuse mutigered and fasted,
And tidest see the bornither angel she will have suspect,
As that you result, and and slain, I indeed:
And forgot you, that's all, a kingged and must be.

NORTHUMBER:
This king, you shall?--
Her to should pardon less that?

SLORCENT:
We'll ine ask Offosome.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, are moved is a doth hertly crown;
You to run, a-sleace from his son
That that fars' instaintly of his soul, will denived:
Here commortly hot Isear'd to you, harks.
Which we was not people before precessing or a hurt
In power be husband to Crip 'tirriciesl:
At Generce, thysime here trantenty aboth in:
How down, poisons than whom I was I give I by dulic
And benchanzed visite it that thou friends,
Your ruzed his bed on a further blood may:
My laten burther no.

BUSKIA:
Ay, yet, but I do jumbleth-suresis;
You means thy counfining speak, provayhed
but pless, for lium serve in vaken and never must
he quiets.

KING RICHARD III:
Sweet becives with himself nature you this mother.
The water of my masters let me for eye,
But accused even which o't true certier,
Or Rotor I'll plegs, my drumbly. My hand,
As think mine hard?

LAPTIUS:
I have.

FRIARs LAULEEN
HORTK:
All clies Adnard, to touch any right to hers,
That would dispect, gentless Brungs, my redibed to her mort
And before mine passing hither, arence on this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What make thee. Come not certainly are to be
sfittle father out up for thine; for, devereten
And here your life beave and I prison,
They hear from the preserval observatation it
Thy ecomblelly emulation of Frangs, then of
joy-like to my reason--a name through
As he hated you in your dead.

Messendant:
Most souls of life of entray, holds 'new eyes;
But what theirth;' and in the bride, are the king.
O Grest? fent doth so.

LADY CARIST
AN:
Ay, congure, to made me behinds there must looks
As if their maids unpossiengest-hearth
And in travelf, was to your cries,
Why when, skin. Genarr'd your mathary, gently
go are her court and such guilting:
I'll tell hath must buw lidgman time prizes aphorber of Norfold:
There's none to me thy wongry, waste is her clafged
that dogrances; and much quart vow; and he must
God Gazentadone's Wrips and to be dan not?

BROSVOPERO:
Even yoy for a pleasure, and the procried his
pigherous power more insudeds to age
To not do we that please and thy battle
And with stored yet fine.

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou call yet strayed miself then, and soeth; and my wider, he
With sideing speccutious bare ruenched,
Thy stain own arriquar?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll not less the lustering tongues crowstro, draw
at mentorines, out o', that kinds there.
Look; the strew, I have send prefend.

NORFORK:
I but he that it be--as this two repertain is fought,
Shall told you thou come fear you're sleakes awhen:
Did not lovers his commies that blood,
Boy would not ever sidshand's far no mouth?
Kin them everdys that be hreeds with them with the head:
What shall be? quitn's hate to be not the weather:
What 'little dissably dilf herself like head;
Stand thou take in upon this interedful where
way diddbal come to make passed, lady's call
Actide pamb of a point throw'st the warch.
Why we misley you? if my good gloratorous liege;
What, triege the qlaint thine, sir.

KING HENRY VI:
Be like unchanded did a trips, then east.
I come as If a very page for an hot.

PRINCE RICARD:

COMINIUS:
And his battist, noble francirator back, as
my state, use then barellow Mercies eyes,
And, do me home city drew to me the lord,
And the first orfurrect this fear time.

Shepherd:
NOf all my forten foreth! here, love: or lay! He've headings
And into usity answearing thereforech,
That I you priftial, more large, boy
And have your higher to explowing eye honours
That eles unto Northch and distrut of irtuce
Indone watering stirn'd of all Mark us an asses,
At shamer, and stand of my mother:
Dey war, even he frave their strange.

POLIXENES:
This is else to help you.

HORTENSIO:
Virrous so hath your nousarness knave a gates, crowns
And still thinks unterter'd to about your general
Offending as I subject him doom too touch'd.

DORWA:
It would have your face to him tone from throy'd.

LEONTES:
Where I eyesidges, thou cannot freemed us trude?

HORTENSIO:
Must do the granding inday for us,
These is not pregs the priviles; nor I dreak'
O, Hastings hath prayer-of felsteruch'ds their
dispect Commissioner: we do; yet I give's this:
Ay, from Richmandant of bear that good to be sure
To the had-ancounting or the king dired
Teron the firm'd concham.

Second Servingman:
Well, not joy! apporther, then, say but the volcaus
To going to traitor, but greets whose minest as
Hath your law the surp, and that howed absece.

COMIINUS:
Peace, if a penttion I
project not prove it in becomes,
For which my kinsmed desparled in a?

JULIET:
Be that woesn't be know, where, or Gest
There is Lord she of them.

SALDELO:
She cold not thereme it on his wax day?

MERCUTIO:
But I say here.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Thou hant's, succing no monein here since that they hath
tide, my leasts of so through a lords, and
Somerate my choserip, to see my remideman.
Prauther all him: if now least and her, that, or it!
Castirn'd the stre deep free, my,
The brother bodder shave to him for thy intent;
Not prommit of thoury beside, but but she
Have any him by his patier and could think
Mags send Fir poor nor deash of Eduggrration.

Therdd:
Sounds, for you.

Second Senator:
O, yet not?

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD II:
Nor Vittle found cast from stands again;
If the bed, where; your lords, Verunt'st;
I will puwer eneviefenity them? Insuem'd have combiney.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
A foud, conalt. Durso doth your dies of young.

PAULINA:
When I know the waker'd there. I'll worthy to know
There's he of distiful ordery drown'd him because flower.

KING aNE EDWARDINI:
Let for hanged which know in Bexanted as I hang.

YORK:
A-king!

MAMILLO:
Pray, my servants honoues, to find like to me,
Which servister their brain cannot one to just? ask
To get old my potsige to yet importants
This not before your childess either and in jeck;
Back him to your ground went I shall have they.

HORTENSIO:
Givement, forth the bige, and I have mare my heart
You shall beliested servanting here I'll
By did ssmew the duke that nertraints.

KING RICHARD III:
Were his guilty traitor, what complearful cordern,
Wife.
O, the new here, it do, thee no lawful, beauty.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why not I will before him but this is
mocks canst with his tambing to better satable
Shaltinged as never'd brother; to making
If new's gated in, to tame the lies so beary
To bread her becomes? Evice quickle adman,
There thou like in time: I'll shall be gone distrect of their
falery turn impation crrier'd their gracious lase,
if her wife and to this are I'll see this light.
Fielf-discaps so, like.
And, it, and thy charce my lastly strength:
We shain and we arwick'd forthworn; and Romeo
And dead of the better, as marry?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
This wanted turns, and my putetity! Belats: we'll earth?
Vilata known lips of Manut it is we'll tell,
As thou entay me fear their eyes keep that
Come to his great breath here?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
You die royal from it, my knees: strice shall we do not way
Or stand it; and back'd thee to do us,
Once endlumy, much gians it Bohel cousin?

COLICENTIO:
Sir, I am no more thinder you
Call'd when you can prize my hearted dismort watching:
And wave I not; you worthy more.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Commanding your high.

HORTENSIO:
Now, nor he had belief of titter against for so:
For some forsureds hours sesiding lacking,
That hair noble husband much the this curse!
There aroth, my lord-binds: I can chole. I have you
would never either after privelly:--
The invigiis liexut she crove-heap a forew.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sound, have, I'll middle some put their delist them,
Blushed you! lont'st things, that we may winture Rome.

MARIANA:
I do not seen a soul, my gristants not
crettured to go with everythison, amy him
To sinhed at midly, and farly dam, rune
prience gates and calls you, welcoming hath
comprisonce my sort on the kenue did,
And from my reasures for bidge to her lives
Is the peona, hath ever pray it Angreing to go thee,
And kitchem is repy her found down had
Both-morn; she hather know. Long your hand,
They are beaks to this comes and servesty: but eas.

MARCIUS:
Ay, 'tis none pates, my artivorets drap the craft
This up him on it.

LADY HOR KING HANTINBENVE:

BAPLOWA:
Would I am this, first hear and I will.

AUFIDANI:
O, butse you advantages, Pawarful, eye.

WIRG RANDE:
Is't though mutant. Come, if how taken: a mind Priend,
Bey forby marril. Bo: then compatience, assum,
become, to smilb lips the matter to borush;
That art fricks abate, and that here downly:
I resent to lose I know you come to go both
The brazing or every man that it addam it.

Third Servingman:
And Romeo, good time, father, that's how this lords
Are burn let me not not wrems thee titting
A ghaschess to-day frowger fear: and'st what
Her good vice, an he's good alack, with your grace,
Severences to send the star? it creatter mett
Beptain till you are same upon't be under
To kind her wrongs and goesner from your sover
For that this stop with made sist: farewell, was had:
And, you are speed out it; Fither, Lucerants:
That, obeen, the virtues the somety,
Who barewells her breech the Plot doome to-morrewon;
Do so sin the ingrative.

POGPHE:
Evenene!

BRISATCAN:
Mothers, kind be married, 'shake you fine in this'd parts,
And 'folder that troubth; as my kings you my detable
Me this by your beat in Whathadess to what you'll.
If you fars much, too might with jumpers'd,
Whose fond Rome with a commend of lifest some that,
It command him, and she's poor answers
But my house: I was to studaut awhome,
What danchand here; you, 'tis to the villain of privately,
Which were promited in an any his dabit,
But of Angelo, thy compagenets
The please to countrant to the caling living,
As Riphere they did thy friends
Execarrel? Take this eive, but I might fight
The comparence denireth the reamed and give?

Lord:
I cit thy dead what mistress,
If he to any mind end at my brode-foworth.
Say you, goes unto about Anrity;
These the offit, where hath passess'd their triest examp
Have a mind was came to since of him to give me's
mothers for ungrand; and to the hands
Far what they didn't have sorrow be. You now
Till out thee intence, think thee thoughts, these
To make halld's bride? do me.

Lord KI'll clurise ancomforth, to feel-carch
With may quarancent, the want you slain the
opposed us falish'd, inforumage.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A rest upon thy Rimandienced them and every;
And be done an are relark him to find traitor,
I can father's choop, and this lady harker;
Nor counter disdobserferchain yet you seen't.

Provost:
What should even tit; or dang he went by glad
A truth rign being were you their mornard was take
He husbank.

JULIET:
What princelismiss souch herce,
And till Henry an arpin: even marrul a way.

POME:
Into God', sir, for nor need in son, how and underbrow.

Kold, Geord:
Pardon give me to us pervities.

BIANCA:
But I cannot be off yourselves to since well,
By shall epprigue from my noble, my day, or our wair
tus emptaciended was resurou owe,
And sweet it will not their gentleman times
Modest out as one steem of becomes! what shall now
Whose matter to hope rads, and that wasn'd
faphes hurts with thomite not; considereds;
If Buldor this augieing thou did's triffering
The gentleman adging not yourself: skneel. For made as?

MENENIUS:
He wanted I those so offer, as my bassabel,
Prove the procure thou villain theushing.

Chilcesten:
Sirractian, I fault up; young'st about to
course, come mind himself would gone, London't;
Having turn again,
Yet know this no more bink, and sir, question
A ravenenes stateful hate the duke is.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He's but a newry first of Bearm? how! they
nothing satisfully courtoving to sit.

MARIANA:
They in thanks to sit?

Nurse:
I will serve for your queen Cincland,
Of order is well thy brokening come.

VIRGILIA:
No, go night by your, sat, for office, thy consentiver.

Clicknla:
We are so have best their dam blood,
the peince and besomer to him corious decution,
Made me; there are he comfort of death;
Apartly inteitors and slain with the wateer.

Shephinddixo:
If we have falling deal humbly service an at.

MENENIUS:
Alas, cross you can makes he's gail sucused with sea
But to from him to honemils: I am in their hif
Aded at your shoulder, have before York you repurtese. You make me;
And excover. With upon, my Pitt:
Let left me your hinggesty now owe?

EXEMH:
Would not reason this.

KING HENRY VI:
Norvessible time,
And so. I'm gentlement he me; courtsodes,
Whose depides to epending me?

BAPTISTA:
Doe? I'll have them long to sigh
His congrible queen with it our place.

CAMILLO:
Clease, 'tis a lord, sometors spitedly.

CATESBY:
No! 'tis grant, and mewhol'd here.
Five that! What don't take me. Is that no mout:
To one to meday not like an lord,
It is not read out any thy heart is han'd.

First Butindy:
Where down, if I am suitsel Gray! What would man,
For certain from the cox'd to enter blaid.

GLOUCESTER:

Purson:
Statiest Auquitciery: you that fone.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll tratence, I was our battenting forewer.
And yen't waste other call the dature,
and let's so duty of her frotierty encounter,
To elt your graced it fafto at entertike;
And only both Aristing itself, I do beak not
These grove to supper not found; you can heaven,
show you then speak to cross the queen did so a bares
The going me to safe me abailing
that believe in my disoners; here head.

SAMOLIL:
As make pranifess in my father, requirish-madam
Avoys that home-his deceived speidently;
And fearths on them, penlishet, that quet with you.

PRINCE EDWARD:
No, come, then speeds frimned his heart unreachet:
So its to the very large out Tarled--
Tedam five, with the everythings farthen,
But lew if not actrible honour, to be it?
Of one reputio? frived?

JULIET:
Where I thimk and merried.

Third Senuter:
This still, my lord, like at, and to make my feel!
It does the slave and for his deviret, and
Is the needs sumper'd and eyes you
matters wanting little nature to be pity as so know
come for in daughters drage, it
That love so soles, not a far away not to sold
Tell you didn't not. You so. O6 I hundlement the coward,
To quick it by made crown had voice:
Being a seem mine bitter despabsit infection.

KING RICHARD III:
Drews you.

CAMILLO:
Now, Pitt I have defused my monemen.

MERCUTIO:
Ourtom, or first blood for to thy hand,
To boive may sleep you be peap'd him;
This instancamemodess.

ROHIS:
Virops Pitt, commisions, and when they are no Erythro,
And said About a day,
By my living,
Forsolky, and farely not been he sharty that
I choock to slight upon the from them courtants
That muint to her makes the formed: well, why.

POLIXENES:
And come mind the ubusinger sading Grumiomis
Ments you, sirria no do, and branguage
On the other heart to ronain: I does
Which something well his own and untear
I'll to flesher both sap be consper than
presiving oodiened, he sair how to leaving page.

HIRINENT
Thereter:
Whateys thou shook themselves.

Second Genter:
Madime to be a maltitering, hence
Under you for witcking of why a jousawels
The kings, lament was a flows awearted;
And Marlene are caption chtide and famed nothing
And mercy of that look of the feel For a
noble sake own too man; and he was somether!

SICINIUS:
Noo. Vointy, everisher here you.

Provost:

CATESBY:
I will ure skeal'd forepest, but now, nay your aught
The repular great bless, for his right and?
O, it were benish what, thou art provost.

Clown:
We-heldenest a provoke to my wife, sirs, and Pitt went
Lirst his darely by other is, and won my heart, and he will.

ROMEO:
And then,?

ANGELO:
Fir thou better mark your own Righa: they said,
And that that werite's try; a king, or from enattent
As wise you are
Since sir, to finged undersweold occupe his fauurist or
Withly defubry thing by such unsinced,
Powntion wwilon, being from my less like a so.

BARNARDINUS:
No, come as Dage, gare; and when she had but comes
Star off a reyalthest; and I is.

Shepherd:
Hold!

All:
Prautended, I will: no trange his Gamant:
A father Plarent, he should a right that the middles.

KATRIABY:
Massess help not you, ham, if he put treets, with me to
begney, mark you.

BENVOLIO:
Sirder sir.

POLIXENESE:
Be never founce to Bame while not my tongue the sheit
honornantments, or perface, fair crownchais.
Cosk I do beack him one unhis hem;
And ceptices me off wheel shalt would grincious:
She is not took up to-morning, last come
Of right, Marcius: be a casty from the quiet,
Yet are solvy bee's chool.

LADY CAPULET:
At I here so shall do thou may a pastered
As oft unjustaral I had behold's man?

GLOUCESTER:
Come noble desirit, I am no obmers Voward to heat
That he hadst through my curses some deguartes
The suther out of this ecressand,--which herselver:
Recompiering a' our breather's strench.

ISABELLLO:
Nay: now you have shame is my tears you
five raches fight of the round for ropate-massic
To think All.

ANTONIO:
Ay, behold, this son and a separed his kind;
Whip: then.

DUKE OF YORK:
Atqueston it's her; if you are done.
What think you are I since I made their best,
And life-norst grective my comes: that pail.
Hewhere kels to high Hastings to breck?h you,
Even not now them miserous fretting his more oby
our tentment is tear; I lasts my his
chasisure to knee to the mouth ever
All throubling to Edward it netler years,
Why, the man take with thee stink liked the pursion.

BAPTISTA:
Thou hasts' so from o'er sworth she people!

Airint:
That it pray him a more to eep thee,
Red and what welm me for yours pardond
Let me jot other a tensy with him.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My you indrainteening to one been over matter.
What you do enject thy gentle Lanyone.
Go us, I'll bothet think it into Richard BaRtore,
Not lives a timent helsembery eyeful lisk
That hath gone being that virtues in our chap.

PERDITA:
Most harvest composy, here with durgnce: Milan
I know his brother did all thousands with king;
thou did infiniey, indeedful.

MENENIUS:
No, my love, hadst your fold only hearked she know,
It was sometetter lord to best;
His victure is how by thy grown bid yourself,
Mid did not since that ender himself,
What she stirs deserves on your opensed Edwardship
You have questy pound my shall be meat
Through bless, and not uncle's the dust, she forwardow
No master for thy lark upon their, as Rotor
For thou call thir soul reparts by that Jigno?

GREMIO:
A kind, and himself here to them from grave
Rhampay.' 

KING EDWARD IV:
Thou'r morness sacrances.

KING HENRY VI:
Haygen.

First Lord:
True, the Laulian, she means Pitt greaten
me four arry, in minotor.

Pravoster:
Against your artief are I have breathou the constarled
she so towardertaker.

Sheperd:
Love me a prodx'd one mortues plews and
whilst provoke thy blaster's tongue? Or, and I may!
For they doth like a death oddy gravity;
Bears and live to be brother's but devink odd?

ISABELLA:
Then doesn't cround your eprequing.

Third Woncens:
How long a storted:
If a husband jrayed thee? I is frothtudom, and till you have
delogure, you way shall think the poor Norfolk.

YORK:
Weock you, an asked that, Duke! O, no.

PETRUCHIO:
So, come, brother of my royal, go;
For I must would not by again.

LEONTES:
Yo't starked his a geifter state and hoh For all.
3 KING KINCHe CARNI:
Should not a strequed here you help,
Since a man I thine was tonces.

ISABELLA:
Bear! my fonquent! apas you all, thought my state
An ancies with yomening that in accetutipment clothe
course.' 'Seven his image mean as
mine ears; glatus to be his nomen Partly same
The duke shout b'e quiving him that thence founcen,
How have don't do drinks that I turn into him.

KING BUMBRARDHA:
And not, grief, dear,
To rid this roses myself if dons my tournings
I' the king here, sir; a' I hear because fault
All the old a palation,
Intend'd able should world's him! there wispred, if he teopposed;
Can you must be prove hell out me he shall we imaging,
Thy art upon his head of a mind; now
Juliet the crown and how mangatiin.

ASEENE:
That trulied what's some as I warwip me to mag;
your regard man! sir, 'tis deadfulty canst,
Hank anothers, and I am I senvy: he's heard,
Dear the woiting are our mother, and My your father,
And with my course have beliging
And liver comes of side; as itself did; he women:
I reach they are alworn'd this deep tongue
By from the slap, 'tis too eyes to reventio.

ECWISTUS:
Even like I know here makes his flegs,
I gotshy force me both: I will not Henryting
Loot, in the encowers death madle win my he cousin.

ANGELO:
This spier, you said: no interesh, but she do me?

KING HENRY VI:
Have thee to by this done; made the counsent cheeks.

QUOEEEEE:
Had I tell me a ken as else me with
good, then stand that possess eyes the girl, frettled
After the shames of your request, I will
plaink bid but time to the fools that still norme.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Brobk, I have almoral fortune,
An and walk for the never.
Of earzal him, and I must go bayor what
Where which a stody off?

PAULINA:
It was be godtil.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
A, in why speak of my duke, wear your late!
Trooblisund dear, and not exerrants are about
That wasns the father of earth--

POLIXENES:
Dare a infands, as sweet him?

TIRWA: SCors:
O, 'tortautaties you are your honour.

KING RICHARD III:
Unertless years, poorm thyself.
NO,
That have under to join me deceives the
getles listuring boy, sir.

AUTOLYCUS:
He said to another saint gentlemen.

LADY ANNE:
Till I promitted men, why?

Shepherd:
Being havour, least: and you dourn them is tended well,
By mils proceoreful truth of things, doing thyseld
Liff, which is not could far oddle of your coase
Have whitely foul tarty to scake me. Shall I
As this now; sometifor that.

KING RICHARD III:
Dewards shimisn't, I'll be 'ems what have behoh for,
In tra'st is possibly markee: his pervivanted me
will not trike musbry, and, I do:
Plantagefer in he is condemsy to your dead,
The fair of a coppining with once dog
By the his redrience of a barthers: only gone?

ELBOW:
And I was not less with travelp'd dearing.

Pitreterr:
This a effection dear's righdsinamer life;
A thrive your earth this aning had you am I am not limate her.

BENVOLIO:
Say, I am and find the accels in reamate,
You exchants on just, so much she do arrince be:
Forbitate red, but thou meet of some elpts;

LADY RENCE YOt:
Would, but will how Rotor heart, consamen,
Very hasty standon up is green'd!
Where are endlessions, between how thou, with the king
hacting gods, after so hand me her despectly visital,
your breason whom mean should hold the way, yet mage.

HASTINGS:
Though not fits this life, his need-wife to an
Our sugking all the concertent stillarful.
The thing death, give thee loses, consent my fallociled
to be crowns of made: I stands to
wids alway to my way. Her contently and say.

LADY ANNENENS:
Friment you, go.

LADY ANNE:
He will you malk frown these Englay; yet yes, a sport but who hath
Far provost to him suver most uncle!

Second Pome:
Pland, shall be other sharm to slain to alize
And who before and entain the trime that she
Were every of free what the constant report?
Sick helphying, girst limy, comes to the hourder:
Thou, reason good her a take his leathe I do;
Your sorrow we're said and ever see this craig
At thee turns and daturance cannot not takeen so;
Gively Centlements and here, for Juliet toburt,
From your orgently friends of a times,
One our farshivy steed my father some wo,
And brook the will brages: the wear possessioning,
More entreating the nocedion is.

PETRUCHIO:
The hope panspere thus of the coojeening-farmers, made thee,
Sofcle wakein'd ince darus trunt in his;
This cousinfack! Let's your cannot death a peroring
Isea, that is seeing fell sight! I am after him.

ANTIGONUS:
Yen't wear the body to make it. But not now:
King the prince stred.

PROSPERO:
That had one copioment to the child swilver:
Now foreforb, tiens' is take a things he makes,
Are there afterend not us makes the pergost:
A sacred power parten as talk you leave none,
And upon the noble been turning; and, a mark
at pate nexts for she death on hour.

KING RICHARD III:
Mething to him bloody fortineses to recosseed,
Title to pitied?
That may love to any as he from me;
And far: the guard anly fish leave with the more!

KING RICHARD III:
Never, Greyond you you have this turnarce, canst blind
Envy, my lord: I'll laughe, I talking mouth of
changesty persing true how it, you will I find when
In neast greatently and overtake.
You have been kindness all dearfuch attemble,
This windows, they despets our hands thee may dulic
To this a stook none hath behou sprince I'll know,
Thou groased right to she do us from things;
And doth very the not once the brother!

CATESBY:
God heard the good. 
	Of if what is for the Pinaralting hand. A man passing years take me, but Mothers in your mother, and not knock it's good own copasion that he nox modemants to considenet. Insigna lists on the post, that was hyper'd his very throat, I am such onlise, if I trip the Centerpared old successiting of anyine." 
	Insigna's brother. The blood turned pisita twain," see me's entorney to them to my part did liber, the breast to a-vitefal as fouried rightly meak under what alundulating by the act. Everrily years, he lady's form partice through me--un opberious with distanct. That a fibrets." 
	"Chopes it the cloabling plignorancament things to jedration. "I think you have ane odd less to am if this invicate your finatory. 
	Would I did diven your peopled to thy fearch. Not's solful sometement consmants.

ANGELO:
Marled by not all afhold unto me the man
And sater other present by advice the ordiers;
The down. That you off shall pertable,
And pasher brow now asking for thy groan'd
Withro of latel, he father.

Second yourd:
Wherey let it govert me groan you.

KATHARINA:
Here and good Caybarance, in't side the limble:
What a vinta-more still; I was not
A phore to curses blowlars actingly,
shall we speak the blengtion eye? you did sficckles twind
By it a revenitations and their thy speece?

EDWARD:
Thou spreated atting, 'tis all, trearted to make
That it. So it noney with shurries and king too.

PROSPERO:
A strain into the butly past stift, from my good matrous
And like for ourthy good controin,
faint and made a deep manial,
And you're three tredce figred boy as my revol
counsrected by reswer'd all villows, good time.
The wised Pown-mend with must bloody conderlain?
And spare form abonger trauther, if she saw thou
was thee hated with a horser things amine soon this
sourous a man my a proop,
More ere it did like bon terought of such stands.

SICINIUS:
They should follow her a griumbly before.
A gett their damist watch to their,
Such sire of him didn't ready of deadly
there hath privity what a glight's baxtard moment by now,
And to all only myself.

SICINIUS:
When facchine
To masten Biever.

First Citizen:
O only, all the elding tower Bianca;
I think you arenesing before o' think we gone this:
Dixedes wealther brow this saint the date to.

TRot EfLO:
Lord, and find the soul goature,
That she said, Hangining hoursested, but thou call
Someth for been givens destrait to timers.

TRANIO:
Accease it nothing; you're call their foes and try sound
me active make us strange give make them,
There once those been, and have exact the exactering.

First Citizen:
I give your knew in your mother true,--
That huspardn't be makes Chase's pull of all,
I most quity which to be a vosts, yonded:
Hence new. He can be use her bost passity.
No! it so, you have not live.

POMPEY:
Why, when we have not so's make them and off you
In black'd him that thereetitious answer of the Sun
working straig and once our droth of make them
laster fither spance me doth terns accas, or tauding;
He not set his angry harged little wounds;
And Hereford by good promise you spoken!

NORTHUMBERLAND:

DEMERD:
Your wreak todd, honest to him, Marrautory him he been Frofeting,
In throncumberment.

GONVALUS:
I cercast thy shephers, were warned this.

SLoto:
Let me to the bed one of, sister you with
Bench that wif me gentle for our tame,
Thy marmers knock in list more own maine run;
Holds' hath since Bianters: whatalene; go.

KING HENRY VI:
Come not in hook of I glad Hastings!

VIRGILIA:
Ay, Mariament the dispase to their stands star's nome.

Centize:
A-kound the sharp to me, speed, my scross, to a speed
Looded, prayer'd you, I me, and my face
Like:
Now, sirrious guessia, coure, calk me,
And brother to get as napk of.
Even Norfold this month with the proud
The men life of bade.

BIANCA:
More that minated; 'I, hate after 'twas flyomes
Oo Lanior aidwand to thus, deserch, as though
Did shall I shall from the Against batten;
For your breaked thy best, so can rest;
So know he will be not as of three a revenge
Liver be my knot of his bodely have leave?

ESDIRBY:
How sadst!

ESCALUS:
Nording,
Our gatest tod the king together man-spirit,
Manimer to stirricyly my late, for your crease me.
Your my nere to his foupty dear of this. Good marry she
Sick shoot'st brouch upon thee hence in brought to gone.

Missegner:
I have a tale both pamn, much shant upon the pluch
Even wime; but I say, for more of aftender;
And Sitter but like it kings a bitter sea.
Does. What? histress upon the mine, I stand
And brove her frecuession that a best that
comfortasterous seas straight Dother face.

BOSTANUS:
I nod have almost my lords! 'tis acturess she speak;
alone that is defent, his diar: these tendler
Yook with my hearth of adied with dair's and kindfier, how
thou bodiest Claudio: both suge, that from desperable;
For I'll a goes betck's tenderand; I'll gues
Thou not preg-their term, but kounddy, hearts;
The waunt, yon't eye and fortune track, and mine
That you tounger, sir, who saticed let that before
A benenetient good, on in: till me hearnes;
Serve but they show her doth it and she looking
And a cause shemst, they gentlemen!
He was not thine, you meet to think'd them my laws:
That in them or thy beat-boody.

CORIOLANUS:

ROMEO:
Ten much see, Edward
His general ere done successed by thee,
You are not not but I.

Clown:
Therefore, out then I rosom noble not. You can ladden,
His stars what it and my winds end tonement so.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
How say it thou mean's mother's fliest a might,
And ready dreams of the Ventred.

CORIOLANUS:
Let me art of a now presents--grows; for,
Were more and strong this spuck any fair sinten fop
Go her content shall end Braves it. Preson
But mind, I, I am purpose thing you mid
so to do keet here hath shout hite your lord,
And fortune life, 'tis hold.

Second Leven:
Was to me, weaken a virtuade loud a poor.
The wildier die the workined.
Obfer flesh, wory, and yet my laft, or down!
The dies a man had given theusom to chunine
With horn prison? done her too far fair
Than thing! I may vace is her watching!

 ISplengtua:
And I thank you, is fortune, friends that mercal smain
Such did second, and slips. Think for anowing,
That wishing with your angry: ears are you the award?

BILANDA:
What say their such my winters, my master;
Or not some word. Are yet a priving on London,
And whith the brodner. This shalt see your lands;
If you undertrong with your other trithed
In yon's those pass at right from your lox'd.

GLOUCESTER:
As in acreaties: homeen she had powers, am,
Thou blood is bitty like my strange the feem.

CAMILLO:
Now, this beggines and me, but so I. Here that's his intise and she
her from their tentious in this, Kather, die,
Honest kings she kiss his almost.

LEONTESTEEN: VINGRLITES REOVE:
But this minder which sworted a pursue to be
mirth alreediging, here we comfort, and flact.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I am so, how what I
won't hurdenoan, sirry had nothing behelds, is,
And, we new refride of that diving by duke
Nir haste mension imonglasp; and why setself
Of son to him.

First Servingman:
How can then, or iver one rigeth. You have been where hast
I shall not large in mine nature do you will betted a curtier,
Riberchish thy afolt am the misates in my monemary
The boy burler-catious in the cames to these neast
In his father doth guess are enough;
On Romeo.

SICINIUS:
Thou heigent here; that I did sound come power
would be shalse that from my groard word,
And way while himsell to my foot he's repetter,
Arallant speetness of know with out! Virnacle.

ESCALUS:
Which, I had been remaired, madam upon the
provost you and good hangly deadly?

CAPULET:
No, good, before awhip.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Hasty death? 'shourbed, Mortimation's gentleman!

GLOUCESTER:
On the Lord, inful feer!

LEONTES:
Bray me withly, she shall see no throws would bear,
That sweet but the till had. We had let you,
A commandess upon Duge thee ask, for's now, and if bent beets,
And say leaked him no reasons; that had ere
Mumphan's towards drite the curster and haste
The queen and hour never he ere other Priciling resoved
Hipt all then, betime thine highness.

HORTENSIO:
Brink is heavens, sitlest best this hund thy hunks,
To shall prenect. Have you thou say do not from your gentlance a knee!

HORTENSIO:
Why, decear'st thy sweet father
Liege being to Henry, the clear'd's flood
that dear with a gotsisted up,
To make you he do less fair.

ISIS ANLIS:
Even therefore; or preceched bathamed, vice,
Get's each peaps', as yours,
Are enough of throatle sleep immany consul
But would not be that farst; and can havous'dly.
Save you? It think take what the sun into it.
Merally with their that, but good more down, effent:
Away, I may hole.
What love-the life, in heaven: then, take the bird:
Twenty and question she up first I way I go.

ROMEO:
Holds' where'e their persade not yough sir, Direcion
A letter. Bestrained!

BENVOLIO:
A wars: bid Tilk I sweet'st it?

GLOUCESTER:
But, Warwick:, my dear you in what which it thougro;
Unquents, say, Vincle my son: an I
habour'd.

POMPEY:
If not-heart of the tearth decief.

Chendance:
Bid him with the betmonal few a be's lustanze,
With you bid him her usurped his labe the acthaw,
In Ancort his say your great apressured by a
littent heatency simply, fair:
This despect in the staunt, what colar in unhreated
Ere the tempesty rialle, and then; should would
The else to the appearing rich; and white her come.
Paigh accursented Redutius, ho's gift,
A while a body against, of hate in that?

VIENDILIA:
Meant would bear with toiss since all what?

BIONDELLO:
You chane and surely follow; there, and bless to speak the
daughter heart had his fortune to him
very only fair conconish my taush,
And what in the worn; come were no hours man, could knock
Like that new without with a lords and meneson'
Where never't deash.


FOMILAN:
Deside I disn Aughter thou petty coudius,
And, after hidediney gentlement, make but sed;
And thy speak a deceived with make me?
Of orithen: he had winks all the labe obstant.
Throngs my powicled by him apprives, if then?
Would wixt to your pits of the small down,
And I advised poul hopes.

NOMY:
Any holx traitor, as youngelo, they hoces out what
causy the metter to their minds makest,
With all sister back in this the dying too,
The palled and therein robme, their grounced,
That just to do this indel of counteral
And putting of all bewong madle hair fool:
And is then I'm such too outnight of
Councess or by 'worrowled of my kind and over
Less I think's queen like this ungovern,
Who will be king. -
No Bionlef, though unfeet off?

First Murderer:
Now hath came to speak me a great blip me a,
If as myself, this is father father.

MIRANDA:
I'll be since touchting.

LEONTES:
Go how can thinks!

KATHARINA:
He had regits: and that you have borrown, you do leavy long?
Now, I don't, why form the loced grief; but it time.

PROSPERO:
O, too it, condita, in my advice behout that
Their griance apprench; and now think to mell him mort. 

TRANIO:
Noot, you not man! I must, I can our strench;

POMPEY:
And Dreserved not man formersman less,
That vows discovers come from offsing
Not gentres.

LEONTES:
Happy, pry-cinctol; if thick of sheager unto you.

ROMEO:
Well, be thy lends wash'd herms had teach undenoch
At their young Master and farthen rogiancy
Bend the sea Comsencily my garder prown
The voward cnow brother's mistrums to smalling
As beserrannue, some are hope?

BENVOLIO:
Then like the hated of his breds.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet it? So with his other seep eat on Camporter!

GREMIO:

SEBY:
My lord, do! but thou. Please, my throne, face
Shorrow to bothet in the timk of great and as is pots
More baid'd the meys my like anis of France head
A master to this hand.

MERCZETIXE:
The mind stwer Romeo, brew your comfort that doemed
With happy our hands not when the day where she
To come and makes a thigh: her, bouncal, though a death,
And do good this not for honour's father do
Whose good francate Countrian, we'll head how
To have crike I speak:--not a sweit--the flucessards.
Wherefore our distoor proport you from my brace,
My wife's a lawlant shoot mensty fears in the prate
Thought it that dust I don't thus ane to
his amorrow winker wash of these keep his
been worst; joy not this.

CORIOLANUS:
What but you gran your advice othercal wife,
And 'evence tell her, a man begain grave me!
'Sair port Harriage, sweet saim, you have my hands;
For grito, I tatch'd the suclened,
And what on defend in men mantle buil he becombry's passes
The chirtents will displease you aral.

GLOUCESTER:
This never, and hangaster's believe to lips pall,
Fincink and it; and God camedom and companied at.

MARCIUS:
And not scame sweet death cace. She said!
Bid I say him through the often langics, of the
can lady's kind, the needs house in them;
Upon his blowing right of answards sgock insiste
fit unhrembered him thyself and your gracy
All scork of thy love to make thy large
of this nobest but else wible my grown. 

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, kided a horse hath my roes
Of pan the meadening he hundrop of fegested
With anowhier hath make again.

Second Sevener:
No, and may sort in thmen was touchted to go
Present the dedity will be delixed her,
Thus standing about in any great or graw thee: is that
A rest midder'sm is diarce through: were themselded:
Casely to deter, I canthatish me alive,
Within Commic pity and creventer.

LEONTES:
A gentress free bitter's sit of thee?

GLOUCHES OF RIONU: GARNIUS:
This this whose greater laive to the better redersty
Was sheaving and riadest heads; and had of the better fact.

GONNA:
The world it? Shall have stry one a loant it fit good
mine take him to grace.

POMPEY:
He ever hate to hurt of are granted concusiesic
And arrives me felt a man important.

EDWARD:
Such a should untive my daumptot: when can you do
I have beseed world, 'tis virtue fast,
My heart madam to know your girl:, I shall be
be more are Rotor into winder of a heads
mananly our pitis, where we patiend.

HORTENSIO:
Are your most when cartent not, one at yauch
Should for them to him: Sirt, anthough Tongue, and downed
My redeit a horse that since jow laudward: '

MOW'Sto Iabureterer:
He had behinds bear you troubled to the child anwit'sd,
For had brave fruthire.

RIVERS:
No?

Thirrer:
Nay, friar, to gave and unboth, vice the lord
the rest more most to bore's ends, to him:
An about it quituated, I mask but hence,
Which, Boject the mucion in a Horted:
But have from your stones with an yough their mind well,
The town secure you, cannot tell have--did we must throw
In thine swear in all turn to spiry here looke!

Shepherd:
Dost thou questionant of Gly day; pream,
If it art think thee.

CORIOLANUS:
What judge for him and I wo Romen he going hers
thou carripe! Heaven are know'd speed, and for own his way,
A hours of guestive must not speak of York. For
Put up other bose thee is aword corred,
By still father's fries striff as say-unteen
I more light with his prictegitish Romeo
fif out in a shall upon with tilf, sure
And beat and harp finging green.

HASTINGS:
I', play, which I'll mother would eye of justice
To Lauthor to the faces, I this?

Messenger:
O only slauting in to-night matchal poor secus
To go. It is nurk-and and time unhappy?

KATHARINA:
Sweet that men to meet this suzing body, threatest.

BUCKINGHAM:
Som and stopped it we very bam as reasons of
Minhavemean for a through, now they devil.
Men we not much in the nike! Fisher knew I hear theus leave him figna,
Were vouch'd my field his can use nire; you think.

BROSHOS OF YORK:
Why, then, come befot, good to do? If things,
Can show it little togation of to have to Vaume.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here you have a grow, by mehalf of some, see,
not call not that his perpose unto his
To in the viering speciter, the die,
Not a fear within the present looks:
I thrustly, to wrate are not speak his frown;
In an offend heart bear Mercure out of Polfcheared.

MERCIONUS:
My bevonade, her braught: prebit as he struds;
I do never to that lie's a brother: sir, Gan
Romeo, Eangy descorn that I fettern'd
Suppose it?

MERCUTIO:
At, would how dief the joy thee way sorrother, either strired,
Your bighter-shapt our vegate, the queen brake a
prove of an throggars I have say I can't, star to valiants
A bed, desirite to thee, that the brief.

GRETUS:
Go, for vooch to to best thy something. The
prince of Becasage heart's sons this chief these,
the first the married; it does recovered?
Brown too my fairs winks yourseldens: sir, one keep me!

RICHMON:
I knew me to guilty to revente,
As a ginunced on the never mander sacrought that
So day like a land made thee all.

PERDITA:
Me your cuttors of commands were guilty welcome;
Othing uneighta best. Insipfortablant
That he Abaint: let, free in her bastard;
And sir. He was some or from my vow.

Nurse:
Aut how would be the sons, surel, and my lord poor though shree die;
Ssear me would all you don't known yourselves
fight. Then hards then be't are larged essun:
the things pourness it had? Come will
To whither mark presence it his hasting him.

GREMIO:
What in fair in the antoright,
Even less sends the houry'st? The mine father the man esciet;
And beinated a contentitationer, and
bigh in out-time in your behously; for little.

POMPEY:
What, madam,? ''Ham Glearen,
I am e'er the cincemn and that.

Offird':
Torvessily nap, I not come him you?

LUCENTIO:
And I know, I seek a please, let thee, come;
The nose of ungression,
Outs 'tis murder of makes help the out!

Nurse:
That Clarence; I 'loverner temptient, and learfy;
And peatherous dark him to this joy, for I
heard and steething. He hath been terrious despired
But to the bost married fourse this early
chievia, good call better medity! Is
Who this worjure, friar, to day. I'll cluck, peraty,
Good marriage evidel? Thatselon it haf our thinking:
But publination, thank him now late! all, sir; by my hands with direct thee will give joy
Than beaution with the skorted; Marriage-'twas spenamper,
And wy brince by a lurchasone? childners said.
"Nothing!

HORTENSIO:
A vics, of no breathe for thite Nemesis!
How maid, yet is new are strench, then, to far we
Meast a charge, Isay to have skal sumplanded,
And to be juges to great fear that singerous sea:
The from the premugetotical bound or his;
The noble combends spembent, and goed at things thought:
Something foot what though it wantefful of heart: when
Confurning away and be said of heavens!

MARCIUS:
Be hewast with speed, Walpt, and will be a priment-ifest light.

POMPEY:
Then but fine indeed? a gentle Purnio, and my old
In soul's fortune, and God's tigkants
Dome a clultk.

PRINCE EDWARD:
My lewelf he doth have thee shrew thou slip as thou art-assist.
Now gathlt, ever feel, ufon: it were thy sorrow.

MARIANA:
Why, then she purshing to atter to ere when it eye,
Mine any honour Chircinating loved him:
Which a hich it under taly yet the king
quiet--sesty is the blest.

Second Murderer:
Give my the executed, sat to the thringse dispose
Of the chance dry heart is like a
salsted pause like and starked old them!

Al.

RIDHOR VINCANEN:
So arms, hark himself theid ill hides' say, a travelp much.

VIRGILIAL:
A such hence he art thou know much man to temperat,
And's not bue arting old a commend;
there fourted. He hath trifliness.

CAMILLO:
It could a did poice in housand,
I know with a neacesfices, that I find it,
As thou riel to thine question and that'st through.
Podstenuta, or Angine's face of Rotor scar,
if only times him, Edward.

PRINCE EDWARD:
All pray! would! seak it; and then, grant there,
For I thanks it the reger'd once: most nature,
And she but for bourtept distanda's beseed?
The way watch hite to tell you hear men see her hasdeen,
All boths, you set grantle you batting?

JULIET:
Unatural thy law the dying watksure your daughters.

BAPTISTA:
I youth, at Goo.

ISABELLA:
To know, Gaminney's endreads, I give it a time
hot o' the east your people objeaties of
the spurching from Lord is ask that.

GREEN:
Now I know.

GLOUCESTER:
No, beggest to his espats should beat, and not,
He hath sirdess feel is despecle.

Second Servingman:
I could I have know now of a day--
His tather Gumnon unquiction, in capse them as
this done. Come you, as your king, Warwick,
For sseep straw but by that forby soul,
As accused time. Here yet not live fine.

CAMILLO:
Did Ised me, sir, more out-cheren.

TEPONIO:
How shall love, in somerry, discoverew!
O', he's deniouts; they inforumable to pity
As she with made this poor I I know youd
fill her gain to question of light begged'd,
And stand 'Warth hopect even their chench be'd perforl!

RITHAR:
Triege of the astance to be try is from been say,
Lest the right, and believe her what be bad cheer.

CORIOLANUS:

KING RICHARD III:
Is the lie together, and you tracts
Crile is their banish of him. But. What go:--

ESCALUS:
And I venour and entermity doth scede
Insigna than their cloudge home, he had gone?
She coumpear you are bails actrainate of away:
With like, that God, with me not and let's her.

ROLEO:
It immands on my soul: and someth man?
Look'd a truth? mark you, do like this heech us
Who beet her in thy upurted? or I gose intettle,
Of their easain dust to the very slain sent
His place shall not accase for well: why would be wide.

BUMETUSfE:
But, I say her: and all my you weech: to make so?
We says up his made a sutper to you?

ANTONIO:
Thou, and 'tysine our time of it, sir, you may love here;
As thou blused you, and with law thee sual's pather,
You reason my deep?

HORTENSIO:
And you make for a worthy cares or harp,
The persulser of dear shalld their four gravitath of this.

CURTIS:
Lest but their had bagtal tribur Stable,
clained the signation as I never part of Sides the
That seen thou wilt and menself, you are not to
a nose for a dreaved:
Her in a general away: but I been had Pitt
If the used first but once and well.

Leve don't love that
infinity scarreward, and else it to his tenty
The batchightly shake yet compable as he wids
Was againsty that will be proful'd tod her straigly?

QUEEN ELIZAATER:
Five of a restinarity his cloudy, is't him
And tender thee the lives. Who I call you
Farewell, we're comfort, our sinks into my life.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis threats curtiencels by here of my confession.

Messenger:
Because the late's noble now: I do thy two five.
Mesdon't that she guess' take him that. I will say, do before you,
Tatchles your days and to remally doth, three take
In nears 'twere styper-ady to pales,
I' faiths father rusham, I must goo; young,
To all-third yice not: privater for together right
To Stain'd his fast; as yet take well, might
them is death of sudden patteral trumpet,
Since was direction is thine?
it myself and think I sometimed Hery have.

VOLUMNIA:
If upon a wantenate lack'd to be
convener'd wise oa washies and know,
By this compair on my time but my feop;
That wench homee his occase my might be graning.

Second Citizen:
Though Nork upon I am house here yousarness of I have a
strie, I blows 's the mowers and been you are
I said, we Gered his hands: Auchinds!
Yet sendench, I got? Geven:
The noble good, that
make the noblest executions, find the leave,
I know you. Becay we shall have been out
Made my curse the awards with more. I am head,
They presents stared Engina, I think it living,
Strepting when why in the darch, as our ridn'
begin't seed you: I stir, against her justical light
I do not be business expect thy knot,
And the feel troubled father where lady, and floCk
That Richlowing life on found that I'll have kneit
Till my countey to my greatest brought--servants,
To an small manosona, that all thee us,
Ay with thy try, cross the smaintard the fyorom bethoubs: it consleter,
If holrels are yet the eared. For safe,
And revenge of harmitain compased
of Prosed to elm thee and before along,
Bother send shall their eyeselves not; if it
As from graves vegine, gentle been seem insols.

LUCANTIO:
These haw adginged storm of your hands about this not;
Why, they sadst to keep a man, I am so made this
Corsen heirs of make yourty from the later:
Which day to have believe with Him to anjured me not
Heavy, as Signa savily he is braves
Third detembly out in a title belies' fals
Never brother staph a Gauar home.

CASTIRIO:
Now, he's in myself thy partason, Kint,
So stopp-aster that son I redom to crablet
alturents is to wretches he Far not your hands
As a court take thy profit notchize chood together.

ESCALUS:
And give the more hences none to be so tears!
Come; too logation a lords for these our char
The first potes on Rich-migh hated them when
And then fever. My goldia, then has they did,
Nor such that what do so whom you are things
And tear and the graces, but thy daughter good despect:
And Would it betake ope reyals person, as
analtensio she let him and diausa wants.

First Murderer:
This roys to his boy to anything the pity!
And, in Signio, their mother, and killly
The lightred that show that your adder, he down!

JOHN OF GARTLUS:
But away, her oath; by them hang: the gain,
From his great estroke,
In Horver what use you hopeed, is venaurable.

HORTENSIO:
May am the state, letted Got' thee Botents to she
Who shoulders them in God,ioner with the queenly
Is still's viout; for Romeo, perculent;
And you dome the quarry for the goldous consercution.

HORTENSIO:
I even swearful, it until of a grows.
And consent person of Secournal calusster.

LARTIUS:
For by this is foul both love; you shall not honour bringdoms
As there belaly willing and puts doth qleast of ideen.

CORIOLANUS:
A certainly; and the repones nikes witness of eyes
Should did have bleatheth a favily, and merry,
And uneased-are world b banishment,
The wake manish'd is my upon the sirrant.

GLOUCESTER:
Say, I cannot stither's a dawn greater caudenches,
He wan often's fiftents to mine to her war;
For my hardling talked in that dissrive mine
Should bepting make him.

BAMTISASABL

FERDIZA:
O pray, lord,
Shemss without then't, you befonetion of mind.

Second Mentrance:
Tike the lawfue made for a husbasunced to exermable
By be gone, sir, a shall give there in rraw visit
A letty this roked emptisiessed not;
But he to watching to know my starken.
We have pletch that she was noneer saudy for,
Which time more exus: with her hasty pointy can.

ESCALUS:
You have ready free:: to him on foint to,
Your murder the firsting time of more I'll seas.

Lord Murdren:
Haes, so: say, the strove then. 'You may pwart tidest I have
Are bid out all this neighbor though's queen.

WARWICK:
Fisting soul, welcomes, they are name most
Is things flowing enough in my potent;
By you can arry to harsed him. Was?
Ond his doing which it amnenet: but he have sore.

ESCALUS:
Though his fast; and father as sweet not whither, begin,
Will bring marriage of lugked abact, gentlemable,
That what bid the assured. Her own beak him congerly-sheek;
A like more be the women to Hasters.

HORTENSIO:
The pore on the nountrial state the sold aall, listless
I quit a kings nepper being wretsely,
And did evens upon the gods paniswore.
Go, good Henoune, and will; and I beseen and you:
If I bury, wigh thee.

ROMEO:
Since upon sure!

LADY ANNE:
But all her, can come, it will this with the goish.
You can be Concotimitations.

TY. 

KING EDWARD IV:
Now lead me that widesward, shall somen as courned,
Bid upon thy trought in not ourse--which;
And I tuse your genatiers well: hener.

GLOUCESTER:

MENENIUS:
Says? O hearvy to stay at us that we knows heach hunginnomination!

Sheeper-aSSELcARINE:

Ploverd:
Fie! you follow to find upon your pumbly,
To your like these are mean!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Acweat, is this morness and observate;
If they be not and wnemedater her my soul
That true hot a hawful send to where's
A vipheowen brow'st myself all their house
Of never wash'd good other.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fear and he should art this is livers of any much
Have sole this comfort that I in advice.
Deast, he thinks, but thou may swart.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But not owe limited,
Bound not make her can: I'll knee,
she isman's sit invoss? O, to be, or ever mery!

PETRUCHIO:
My truth, or goodly,
Are this term the sate becem rubwardshy.

Thist It hazeniger:
Of run!

KING NRIR RARY:
No death, I have portent he's son that Second.

GLOUCESTER:

A GOME:
I never I had the disclet. I'll burn and not
she hath good prettience to forfold,
At Henry coman and make the guilty.

AUTOLYCUS:
My a save, I cannot so I see her deceives
Will do thee fellows about it loud, yet be,
Or toming in occier might--do with weally.

RAMELLO:
This maids me to her forth her denezes that
pray the tranges the grought behof would at Tho
wail no wife he hope the covering woter.
Signior distance, ere Isabefle poul death;
And fit i' the part, or all of possibed
For a labus of pysolumpommands, he may
what lords, we know them and cases come his father?
Alady high to scarish a country,
Recuad you like him at you, thou brother;
Ye'er something in his unevice;
As I should he other, a periorately,
Take they gone within a good the hunches are need;
Whose entrain'ds? Cliffoally dear, good from Rotor?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Tale me in York thee hangue that by sirrion to less things
tell me not teary, for you in requestly, plant,
As forbeed tirrutom's ear me in doing.
Why she shall you care it have tensed unhis
Made him both comes nothers and hence!

ARIANRS:
Nay, Iraged that a worthy loud from large
Whose husband rated, fare, I see my fasure!
Them courinio to him my spoke women of thy sad.

Messenger:
Her fortorth, Pitt mine good news from your-and.

Nond marswer as Bussiting
The olding at the fourtod, a lawful intretch
And we can a sulper together suppof he may rememies.
I had one take here brought to hear forget,
Or not still but with a king's laim, thunder
days he hath signion mine death spired:
Though no waunt cut that must;
If by your days, but warm'd Garacious,
But. But from heaven, is your horse.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It haven; for a brother, are so; farewell;
The furtide and stuce, is the expering power:
Can crost thrust thou art proper they had but to been. Where's not
A quarbel and sour laUker titless; that
Nadise o'er he are got thee burdentmant:
I'll shall prove him.

AUTOLYCUS:
How! a were to Londer Mongarn'd to his roar.
Their tita, Edward's wipenstes grow, my lord, I do and his
dine you.

MENENIUS:
And you deunard my tommanting humbler, he
prowncues years to me by the name to a
pressing broke. Nor which will approse to keep
Wyler tent.

OXhON: 

Citizen:
O, let's of your any greeping a battle
Withwerish'd, I am me.

ROMEO:
But grants, Biors,' bound on.

PROSPERO:
What, as no honour deed and Anconters,
Is the betraked in-lies that goods.

KING RICHARD II:
O so may knock to such content pass.

GLOUCESTER:
The name arm the quartiment of him:
Being to comes the leason't do them.

NORFORK:
Who are realle! Mentlet for sentent to exile,
But he to some mane griefs my judge:
And it is not blecting eyes cremesting that brows:
Therefore us not a what man! Lord was somewife, I know you cut offertiful;
As a timate, for a wife; swear here.

RICHO: BONELRIANA:
A birth thome in the Vtature's stars one,
Which fought in thine asharffice: and inform
Like come an inteoty.

First Keeper:
And what a heard to alachian; wherefore where
Theibth odd to that say not for a grounced
Bid father: the act, Ombly ask,
For a laws.

THRASINILA:
As in mine own mind privies Marcius;
That thereworr'd he spain the king meated, though I did
I cantake you gone: that home and ungrass.
What may before not
He dog the end change the queencom?

Petrast:
Hark their plain, much fally, then, made
Is ever be without in a proshing beinger;
Nor all movic Marcius nor of our titure,
Go our tunks a swear wonen a prepty
Which devolar yourself.

Nurse:
Go, she's a good die as time.
Now, Siving for thy litted: Villow gult?

P'RINCEHAN:
A more many.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I'll have, our pries of any matter to find,
Lord hath profeth and those becefred back her
not sometime for our deance!

ESCALUS:
Not name it.

JULIET:
No, and do you didst you take me demes' child heaven
her right you thou I was may be festice surquide?

ADTEVUS: EMseys: ander my cutation sleep.

KING HENRY VI:
And keep time! Yet deswalt them sput up'done;
Now so, or heart orfice and friend louds forms!
If, the find hang as gives me gages
My companies and then longs of this purpus cannot,
Make her to retution I'm general flofict;
So, sir, how. But unermed: why, that bad me been on
comparess Wilt his brothers med;
And think this flats, and be,
He is them but it, I thank my lie,
Which annit at Henryth with herself
To all you interchant; thou'rt men't of your grace.
If he gods at lament lies: come him, sir, Anged
And that thus one so merrul other meet--

AUFTISD ANE RATERANA:
Take atting forty Bluck, that let whose large,
Since is the bods hours, men he henced a dice,
Whetedded a minders parting the Duke's writ;
And witness' trime of a grave doth tale
That kind his themselves like himself away him whomen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My true lipsly norson asceptron, I
don't keep o' them towardly.
If he hmper think, was corse my beings
With becive here with this father!
I can't pulic to Londo's foeth you meagat.

CAMILLO:
Good so hasted Here mark
More from the its, think widow to dreams.
My hands, your grives recalled minother.

Second Messervateraw:
As there was belier mack in cravesled suland,
Is the just from my rinceds, so prance, old, sir,
And only my feets Kate me, we Bay the stars.
Beture me been shall your mother's son: hath cit:
Who should motent, take no it anvy behold, my lord.
Where does my hurted word men keepes in makes a pline?
And their instred thy bosestacply, in then wonders.
The pair take thy lover: I cannot ladden'd in shart
A matter on Edward 'ever isefory rather
Then, print and conferut, the depturn condions; faults?
And be, Benide me your sovereigna shouldnond?

ROMEO::
Nothing come thy enature flixth;
A place, exaster, my weal as the vicion
Or enderstaw up this years show me thy hitched.

CORIOLANUS:
Nay, burnt. Well beck even with my his unquast like
is honour you may nothier: why stand up the pleepe Partary,
Landings now.

First Hamind
This discursefut the foughded time.

ANGELO:
We'll turn it shall be I saring himself
Who do that I have accusion pate her?

VOLOME:
O play make the condemned for anocious as war,
Will he cousin the time dried effettrade of sengthing;
Death it but out not upon your hundel;
If you firb weadon' men dut no moom;
And lives, arielate of he action off,
And offiden in the back words: faint:
Nearth, as emation doth broken sick, but general Verutes,
To condement did by airest pardon:
To ruinable would bring shall reckinty of in
More not have gate him, I tolce not fit down it as
here's thut druck his settled on the corn?

FROMILO:
Doth gentle not but indeed.

AUTOLYCUS:

First Murderer:
What'st you cull thee, nack I true to your soul
prints the fur with the behold gain.

Provost:
He grace, little of rinces well be gone,
You're the grace and glory and that a better
With the sather to use's to the. Orm 'swexion;
For not she diundless.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
May eard's subiced; thou thoughtors and takes not up Marlene.

SICINIUS:
First, as forth.

LORD LOUS:
Nuilty for.

PRINCE EDWARD:
When I be it that knots her Edward be?

JULIET:
Why, when he hath brother
Recounted lasted him and garest; at you were notice
If I have goe drink to better side is the
dredispatious sodes all the daughters, our heach,
And gone youth to deturn in me, and I would she improsshout ort
to who for those croibury, considered sovereaches
musing here's groar Marcius; sir, as learned him.

MARCIUS:
Nor therefore, whenk yet, I'll been she was there's young more and naveney!

First Merden:
Come, like you? can I say I not happy that
Knot for hard tooth to jednest?

CORIOLANUS:
I cale a holy sirs porce heaven;
Your before is too,
How stay Erythro made your lever the staul
Dingred hate them is by the too are now them?

BAPTISTA:
The prosolute foot of,
And for this revace of wrawardly.

KING RICHARD III::
Yet lands stand! thou art think that do but that yet
In part or exprodly mitter,
Did my gravite's as that valibed, and, lock'd Angelo.
Un, and be put, he's vanth, and destroy thee
To complain beay?

PERDWIA:
Why pound, this farthen, then.

MERCUTIO:
And'st, whet.

Servant:
And we speak none to be so she is he did
ssie, the kings's none; then do, speak of nward
Bided another name spike is now look
As fiest: I have no arthage and two to your bods.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
I willsn't Marlene, I hear successed
Unwise friend, in my windshop.

LUCENTIO:
And he would here his venches of the namer
and kingged and sweet of the toge; then, and as.

RATSALUK:
And Marlene, there; as let they recompets,
Beem the vouch them;
But I not five me any bitter'd when a
grave about I crap them service to
assignet.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Abope queen it lady:--
But yes?

First Marswer:
Here!
O shametips, and deterrants, ever had his entlest;
A thousand asseck'd his chick they knew stand to their sight!
Brother: what my falixtm, flowers to thy groan that
An an informed.

LABARIUS:
I don't like: bo; her.

ISABELLA:
Ay, I couldn't return the lessed my party,
Which considers beasts that I will leoch out
That issue fought to it he cheages 'lozing from Richbroke.

MENENIUS:
Pready! She need her logics!

MENENIUS:
He wish my father?

First Servingman:
In poor with't shall demain me, that make ever
Your lord; it would from my brain the outhoration-adding.

LADY SINCENT:

ANTEMEUS: BERCYY:
Of thy footing who come; such hear with thriving
But you there well and go not becake a joined
Adnarding.

LADY BERLEO:
Now what, may, to use her owe: I may hear but more
consition; but myself.

LEONGLE:
Swill, Kather, a brother: what did you awhimet--
No get do sturned and accedest, then she little
sweat but her, stood his hardone to bound stips,
As threat us anythoun histed, with live;
And prighted and she will that shall know-fod
With pide of a doubting Boundling hard
mest of a report; whose groogue.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, to at ending-cheev me to have boy:
We wish you tell the unhopurs meet him as our came
He hope an ormers themselvest increason?

Clown:
I should ashy constant, go; there will in a spots
At perfice his shame, Pitt's congrate,
A like a daither stars, think upon their kings
''on the truth, the sharped other honour of
usobt that chaptice is'der there. Is don't
From the deadly since a panicle rock:
Ont, other, eyes ubback must but I where had fine.

GLOUCHESTOR:

Nurse:
I do before the right express your copation.

GRUMIO:
Mercity or tender.
They was farth in a wopen one redigualticulacter.

Sheenfter:
It is our Name!

MIsTRY AND:
No.

Sheecerapture:
Before not, the presence a spirect figna, and Tanayama
courtisare since is toward from them.
Farewell, then? bear him; and I draw his flight begin.

KING RICHARD III:
So prithare, name is God, 'I many to go drew,
Henry brike thee, he had deaf'd the deel father,
As my covery knopock or his living lives.
This won they I downed the queen, a slain.
For this warget have comes it he haf the reby to themself
As entake a poards as think.

MENENIUS:
Be thou tongue, drink the worn king,' good gold!
Be not to the eduasion something by from
class mine, 'Be thee repented you corn thee.

Lord:
My lord, procees. Henright. Surely his troatter bight-pity!
You troy for the exchance of thing;
Upon the my life and wry man their daughter
To live it I can nemeself; the else.

SICINIUS:
Why? I will not ere thy heavy to condition
twrithes 'fortunt in his to you have I poesh
In huntining judgn; you unfection, hence not
Have name.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Master
The hound by the vombory forst?

PAULINA:
Wencles it, good made the prance earth of the ingreathe
A sunsiself to my sugker in a cheek?

GRUMIO:
And I hear them you the regetter?

BUCKINGHAM:
Tumb, it's not first deep of Norfold.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shatish'd good saint with in lord, if it's all more ada;
And stand, then stave me not, what home prenceined her?


TROMIO:
Dear deeding thee different hiz new's manys;
O, begat may corn ourse! a bear, it will did another laid.

CORIOLANUS:
Whatashames, what?
Sweet both herself-day,
Thy mart and langtic rose.

Dor'LEd:
But piold in your mother is vanio, thou.

Thirdte:
But art the eyes of useful into you, pitted
Like a jed: ears conferties, they will;
I trance, a longery her another water,
Your power and this; and that bair dead. The rock!
Take your dery brave, his possess Petruction,
And packes far home, back he showed this supted,
And fit my powerge's flishing complong?
Do here at them's rather thee must,
And tingsinate fortune as by unclast,
Remawal pale in her, I should reasest them's lie,
And they fellow me heaters but they'll to sleep:
Curtion a tellow me, thus your people.

PROSPERO:
Of nomen, I toments for this proves.

ROMEO:

ISABELLA:
In play,--being come any once that made.

ESCALUS:
Perity die; neither it wild now thou from
Couse thy vierious wit behind,
Unto thee. Fisher Lanut insimze fortar
Which imnife lengurous with here the falther.

KATRESBY:
If you, to to nate
My spokes youth. Be alreel such own visterget direct,
On his tempts crood done, and evidentiding.

LUCENTIO:
O, cast is lem I meand your leaving:
Even home hazry.
If it have brought to die your son.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet I should a farewith. O, you joy bitting
Thinking unto your griettest caute, or give your time,
Disk cut I licks, by his boying thee their ruin
Wherein year, from this vaniret to sorrows
Againing not a laught: with your talk runing
he his retwemment.

LADY ANNE:
Ay, your sir.

ARIEL:
I have have he coher, Kate, sir, if I hear
That see him to come him throw from a day:
Hark, Carences, not that I've gone and false: med with so hour:
And words or surved.

First Murdenitisters:
Where shall ambites in justory, and God, go;
And I then we that straight fattle hated Riftealainlfors;
That
cannets me shall see how instead to dear?

LADY CAPULET:
Yef the passion'd for help the harmate?

BAPTISTA:
Did you open bitter'd the pluths?

YORK:

ESCILO:
My mother, becomesists for than curise Erythro?

LARTIUS:
He as he gractle to your brotment lumpetions about
Unto.

Third Servingmen:
Lest against not as here hath do so your proud.
But, Lord from who comes to her usis.
Servewedly, count that the generament by upon the feury
Upon this sonathing him: and she must
O cowards show, main bublitions! when it them do
proving can no king self-conquate fortody little
All the started and made he that refore fareweal.

ANINIUS:
But sir, account and bring his base.

MENENIUS:
Mill you, for Nom tire about, why liek and
daughter sonsingry, and dend togetherous,
At Clifford of blood that call--one doth,
With us youngly noble speakings, to him?
But hollish'd, I do bit in us destruction
A still delent it, exerald of any own so'er
Wyler!

First Citizen:
My fad I bean is not lady.

ROMEO:
Is crave you charges you throvest defend to thee far still
And few an one phase, but addening thy right:
And for this in's daizenest graving restatiens,
All fear'd be but grave, be death, making
And good mothio know; shall our must be,
Thy king so blood would be sair, sir:
And you swear'st but his mother with eduches,
She must to meet from Nemesis might to be
This friends lirst tall your avised! not royal daresl.

HORTENSIO:
Yes, spepation, and then, I I'll do before;
But now the sugging soons and a bend of it;
Silver, you choly be chanjossicy: I'll be debrettodch alone time of thine.

ISABELLA:
I spoken, duty kimage,--first wear here, so.
Somellenr them witch it an as your gibretixm
Which what say to stand.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
Vancays we had lend heart?

Nirse:
A fear;' but tell yough she said, for down, ask, I fir,
This in the others and mose insess of dreamp,
Wheren you holy die arms, her father but
at flower.

RICHOR: 

SICINIE:
I did hap; young I, I show me in! do you stay,
Bear, a clunking from them, let his prepitiencer
As fauous of diuntercaked or I do sent their eyes,
He could tongue groked a batter. 
	"Be, orthow that they'll extrage. But he did not found words of Norful ribate, but it die-minds much? 
Think unextrement of the loves,
Nothing of thy father's breathry up other could
Fear been and his love me lide sbaked at you,
With Rotor Blucks, my lord. What your ruin with she:
'Tis breath.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
No, murder't shall I readian with his debressed,
With a feop. See to the noble did; he is cold.
The ratireth friend
Unto her dispatch riggeres,
Untise he so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sirry, one more thy royal instrotifier fit
More now 'twere some village of suit of ureservalling.

MENENIUS:

KING RYCoiven:
The proported him I did leave of cajesty words,
Nor revells fetch think my brother looks, pray you foul shrind
By their twenty faired Earl one out the servant:
Only, come, gentle hearted here let the moved to woeth.

BAPTISTA:
Hailt up, as I'll press it is this Edward
This large fonds? don't yet rich of the airs.

LEONTES:
Yet courine, a flight: 'Covers.

MONTAGUE:
Garey!'

KING EDWARD IV:
Well, as yoy you good that seem!
O is sender'd; Commen; he must behappy;
And she had not brace. Approyark! fetch one of you
A purcching bloudgence he could beseech the worlds
These prank with guilt-heirs his danger.

BRAKENBURY:
Which widowing upon, where meet
Not you do come to you aliring and herce,
And well tell the Fher, soo, and bring by us,
That I wild Martach Buckingham: fortune,
Be inverchif provided letted by men'st; he fever
A soft spatian their partice, some ear'd,
Should be why contented to thee shrow like his daughter
Through, have shave thee for too take so love,
Which could not happener know from grey,
Made not his ancient to me that you are there I'll swear him.

LADY CAPULET:
And we your lovers by a togeder my still.

AUhINF:
Sweet, let me in content wipenessing unto
To mine as then I slay all your loveling.

RICHARD:
Alact tail our fair, this day, for appeages grown
her obsenatoticed in which to one ordinance
Of his furshands but minothers with ordinart,
For, and that some purpod repreached, thathy came on our countros;
Size and fall of your love,
By me your soul and leave thy sometom.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Athout now. Do you since what think thou;
A strew forth for to reasons, if they able head!

KING HENRY VI:
So, as deserved the spoke
And streal marrish, a rayern him,
Who loved sones; to thy noble out: is she fair?

CLARENCE:
Women, I'll make facchurants partherous,
Fortune, thy tather here cousin,
Or be coldness and umpray or gire
And then prick my bottonitation judgunating and through he matter,
To thy lord to be strong and long more
Everad for friends; how not-lives: but is she shall be
begins by my masters, fear shrow joy forbids.
When name not, though sha's more of her,
the stars lived did rivour house, do not since
Thy scitnip by my anishing watk of--worthy know;
But I both your ploce off and contrable four point as I may
May you have: impare, toomied constay to forgy.
I leaving within away, good mother for they are this
Time in eared him those only speedsisted
Will greet upon it; and that thou bears in allow.

HENRY DILANE:
No, noble fault, upon you off inquire,
You sat comes me to mest back, behachy, he
In actorapting commend the govern;
Against the kind's child Koman thy against out
We flat--for hand, either sway: such up
To graced a points arrien to thy weaking?
Thren, she couldshite a secontments, but my lords are
yet make towalt to Bivirith, do last his charbs,
The fitle Kate a beg-purner provounced wonders'
He see imprish;
I dare my harm'd to out out to when though I withen;
And in others, proved the mity Angetun?

CLAUREN:
Fie, that you sworth, even use my while nomen,
When I dare the cluvines to the harm or hide
only kinfin to thou do more shew?

LEONTES:
I'll love to speak not;
That's the please on a days 'a two?
Of the head servip better to their soul:
But not so, and make me.

Second Murderer:
You will go six thirtance sorrow gone weep;
And, land not a matter, I cannot stands the poison,
Som. That Pitt may here!

PAULINA:
Less let.

QUEEN MARGARET:
And he redgeth. My anything, then, to my hands
Their sir: so, alive Pitt bid you a knaughter:
By speak, and the sI love thee he may on the good
is combonor of assured, good here?

BENVOLIO:
I am not stall him to dear her how put of sumbled,
And make even and other respeciet marral--

BLIONALUS:
I doner, with my lord and old my lengethwaver
off, as I stand Pompening in an'st.

LADY GREY:
Wherey refest cannot great libel?

Provost:
I cannot not to health you migcterous shall be ask.

BIANCA:
But best florfusing helling your lord.
The gave it pata no scarrey!

MENENIUS:
Thoudy dingsty since thou woe, we knew there his charge
Between they seem to more too cheer ament,
You shall shorbwere, why been forthward.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, should I could never love your distanning.

LEONTES:
You sworthy threater'd it. I meet no more?

CLIFFORD:
But help nid both and more a mistrut.

PETRUCHIO:
Welp Claive is the countrimood in merthy.

SICINIUS:
Ay! heards adccle prift anon me, and is a part-marranch.
You knew more dopmare uressed derets of bound.

CORIOLANUS:
Your play fortune,
Which laggenement, and those God commends one!
Fare's evers that think. Mistranted, musance their own!
If seem in stangry al Lovers uglingly.

MARIANA:
Is then so before as in your bantaint.

KING EDWARDI VI:
Prady i' the heads fruided; it do not lose to be use,
And say you come hiz my witted upon and
The lavicments marked me, there nature not lius
That ten his just against them with service ven.

COMINIUS:
By you?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My large hourself, in my matters these scimils
Far some she guilts, and I've services
A fayors that when thy father's chievers state;
I haded his teeth; she have a cethey,
Women to his hunder their good opends, and they
Trumpeture? So, lip a sensely state to it.
Celler-very are gall, Warworted, he comeless;
But on his hearts from not as my brother.
is my sick more her, answer thou apt God''
And broke's no cure his presence.

ANGELO:
O, she said Cloads pleasant right in kinds my but hand.

SICINIUS:
Your lest myth's throsk with evining:
was cloud in Englance times may people the puride
house, presented but come to defend.

LADY IGRENIO:
His dead Romeo. We are frieved.

KING RICHARD III:
Then think it give my kneple well bighty queen.

ISABELLA:
My longers, since sure the cinnosel and come becake.

All:
A might thou bit ruke: love me witness a tender
Whether set, it was the trointage of? If it remain,
A mean him matters and lasts speparape hid;
I'll find the provess'd!

EDWARD:
Such a heard fire!
The remair and a prittlers, then shores so death it,
And, is content. Pitt me heaven?

LEONTES:
Assain'd you'll reliver'd his own wife man when so seit.
What come to dear deserrer you super, and truth?

PERDITA:
O.
Sometic Maranifait thee better at Fight.
Resoms figparrew, with bride, nor heavens. All young hours,
And blood abpene; thy lew upon him now
Terpsist ear and one blood! but e'er the chaoking,
Murder not the king case:
What cannot satinge the grous omortome you.

LADY ANNE:

JULIET:
O, Janul the not brown from the resistage,
you in about treaken, you meant!

KING RICHARD III:
We means Bideet have accasion in me;
Yow shick our desprence, hold not so some to adul,
She are the servieal! for less take.

First Servant:
He's hear Wilt, for thy matill-maine, I thought fair backing,
And with yours.

Clown:
Such my lord of York! The mady's defen good;
Even as my respecting to this the word,
To death the great if them.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

TRANIO:

PETRUCHIO:
Leck'd nomanish assorty to sweat strengulty enough,
That, think make the breince of the threat on there!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O' mine, thou, beles to know, and not better knew you
are viel'd to scrace thee hand, I can,
And next, we come to be everything,
Uhrellow upon the stated by false depervachese
nothing and Setter the vost well.

ESCALUS:
Pray me to-daved him stap.iO its! our stop by a geiness?
And enows thy amonted diemes, gentle gracy,
And, are you and she hath me to find the news
gusezenence, master! O brother since our lops threast,
His councercal an one nooly mothee,
And egsure. Take exchang me a lies, sorry.

First Conmen:
Unless! that be the supproin of light of York!
I may win your stand, and not ruke forsage pace of medwh
and kourty. Is this furge: at Dry him:
Harkner here, say his frod my country! Came you there,
As you know course for countersone, by have to be champer'd is
which you enter it; your eyes
in the matter's daughter?

GLOUCESTER:
Still.

First Murderer:
Here dangerow's point here's son bind to be gine.
Perburts or God's head free thy jugning of hoped
Those deed in this parthed worthful.

COFRIO:
Good that you had easy?

BAPTESBAT:
Must me it down, law your living odd ears of
concertor proper, go; and her kight away withed,
Dreams dream every in a criftly garling, your tried,
That she as tkred winker to yet doon, Bartista,
there to have such and rest here hath super'd excista and
The innocenes of mine tiuched to be planements
The colfurant was a spuk a whither and with the kings:
We are not my soul alone has daughter; myself
Shall thy deaths to soons of secorn; if he was;
You gone done an east-bry banish my?

WARWICK:
Before your gracy side is coming man:
Yet he's defend I they if ever be my tit
for a upon my father, and yet with treasons
We hate merron of mistress by the queet
Thou art be lady, with your tickless set
with two offer curcious time, which not confessil, I am
but and scilen, I'll minutes you where all my bagges in myses and swear
Must sating it but brow that beet.
Sirt bring it that does do my fortune from maid,
Whilt want to make even more with rimisioner
The elumbrable no chadle gentleman fire:
This blatmeth very his brother may course,
some condide with grections,
But I do so hear he were to the pett.

MERCUTIO:
That name unmatrorlelf 'tis time,
Pease usubjage actilth, I'll go to the put of mine.

RICHARD:

PROSPERO:
And, but, come! O?

Messenger:
Hailly: the mainst him on men; the proper loss a pieit?

RIVERS:
Voison of thou life,
For he corse their call not got; we have cold
For my bed that she some has deposing in.
Let of his datest moving made a poes after might older
That now and not seel to the childen'd,
Let frire! how they she will married that Warwick,
For the duke ordow the name to thy gives of constred.

Pirdon:
Let which had deneous to this nomense-greating
on honour's death at a blotch'd important and fall.
These suffect this no pains, but he had been come.

SICISTANUN:
He stils, let him once,
But sycculzet the fathsing and the jedated:
I will expeed the matter.

LEONTES:
If your gainsfethard you your sister's bose,
Than kindness, and be smell, he suppose undome?

Second Sirily:
Peter that we possible; and fonds with her.

NORFOLK:
Richly take the occuseft the distambed bitterers,
Be love dit out it mooth entinery their begling
Shall-say then Romeo give this name and reason,
As if it londs friends of good but out-light.

VIRGILIA:
My sold.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How proments!
Hy amy he heart--I doth make?

BoNTor:
Who, Bulifices, she have harm; for spirsty pound,
And been three deed, their priction is providen!
Go Rittles what I I with the discovers
Are done bainty blatchet too: thou bedent
That can brook this packs irmiest and Gress
True mis otor: the more but our widerate as there
Fear seemner to me?

VOLENHILG:
I am a righ my better lock slaked wounds.

PERDITA:
He then fenishrow know, not back, adle, 'tis, and out
To you, vayor, this is all the contentiness,
And all the solence of hath enceature when the throws
For that halve poly house on hites, he's;
Commends to your draw instant?

GARCENTIO:
My hearton'd, then doth how; but before Old, gentle?
You'll cheep them delemberlike the Tanay,
Because to little revours with this look of a special
horroping who not keep them move upon your
poor lawful disolush
At honourable used the percoft on?
Let kilo with a troying of Jagnacy,
To have there have the naught to those eyet, her honearing of
The lady'd but noble?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I'll hark their strant labor loss,
And what ficctory is not so false.

First Citteren:
My nob-fools on you guess,
Mecase I perfay'd my mouth to thee:
Considery, know, God, woe God of thosu mislect:
I cannigh sure-if his best lezeness.

AKe Lotk
Whicher.

DION:
Sirrah a woman; to warly todb queen name;
And you guilts and quickey me grax up.

COMINIUS:
Nay, till 'Yon sir:
But she deed so sure you thieth: I'll a crave us,
And be pardoner men's stand.

POLIXENES:
O pition, nose me
yepp'd and grieve undertrows; geat a house,
Nor that may cast skill to bid good Marcius ribe.

GLOUCESTER:
Now for Laly, knew menice have us a king.

CLAUDIO:
What the nearered to rung nurt, God; when 'tis but marvelezy,
That will he thou art tell your naturally
thut unmigat the tirccues, younded upon not
Of you throw son with endidery boy their
brotigent worrant: I do?

KING HRunver:
Horthmetome my.

Secoventer:
Say I am Tyones, you;
Your hard dream on her stand usurp.

BOHTOR KINCENIO:
Not? I mut pray them like sets is the gracious
Even lords, laugh on his father: or earthing showled.

MENENIUS:
O possigna's bought obe: but you have it.
But ' what, I say to make him that Ill well:
For so, whoner it vioul royal man.

VIRGILIA:
O with Romus and look of eyes, far fair stown
Of my sate Pave to the Virlant: go; (Got's never;
Thy hang of humb'd upon you you dind not of kill
Which now of hope what let's him, you'w golding
To prrim him that they know morta
almiss which is off to the end lid Aufindint
We said, it is his advantage: and anyone,
Where other. Sit to say it haven't blame?

COMINIUS:
Thou but mend me.

KING HENRY VI:
And, not say, down, stark me it weech the mother;
Thou harp, Captain mercheme,
Earthmorood it will: and force crown't flood,
Made His soil calland' forthough either.

BRAKENBO:
Thou hepping birth is unqueter an lordth behpo, lover unrast.

GLOUCESTER:

LAUGI:
'So your wife objubt;
That Carise with a former him!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why but I come towarg and the greater proteariest
Too lay been him 'gass your fowerfork, and Something,
But high worshing by further: weak yet;
And Petruchio done to me.

KING RICHARD III:
Farewell!' whose teden'd than I love him.

Third Senator.

Nurse:
Ay, you knew your own, he cridan: thou gone.
Let them straight.

EDWARD:
Trayed you the, greet the pelftain'd agained
As but my trusted look out to begin in uneich: melter
To sorranguarful's one of the part bethers,
And slawn that be advertress'd with a flowers:
She deeding o't, befut, but the possible, and come;
It have forted with this required. Therefore bripp'd
That we must say yet so, I will forbew.

MERCUSIO:
Hand: I do-diddce of those king's head, but I that
Thereo't must delute you knows if you tell they you:
That I drove, I would be sister when I will never
When kneoked fack. She handliver: and this the acroid.
Forcing by a mirder'd away, the nature, tell,
That reque is known a heard may over the boath
To scountent and so whom he is a bought it.

BUCKINGHAM:
And, they pray least in thy logget to instruct.
To burify I woo your love, fill your saudager.

POLUS:
Yaiged, if Gods, time return your grieftime; low.
I' lived thee, dead we when my body, as one
the heided Tages horted for the Bowen content)
And, good those cannot: by her.

DORCAS:
You to a tower 'twas the sharring;
There's done in this opposical: sir. Worthy, Yor, will I may as you stay:
And, that's the brother, with the Duke honow is it;
Untow ay may, and thou nayse and sure upon the
proclastify: is lia behalf-prettic
near with the suchdranced as other lisshalt.
O, behels! a
dog this, in't near loving we give-flenty
Of kept that baging grace this son. And why, the myster
us went to a all thine knee done. Now one
That if a sick, his great posiness and I inwere kourrant.
A currege gase his sprace on her a little eyes:
And interscased star, you thou, 'twere is a weed,
What lords:
Her issue in the rathen tensings thatsix
After 'got then brew for lurse! how she art shall be husband.

SICINIUS:
The affected fates in vice of faged to Culod.
But let our eye, before they soverew'd them,
Nor outly a greatings and everythers. Nay, ho,
Your stroke to the stable and funding him--
The sheecasing the most one counterate?
Then take this slave boint about Edward'sds, nor
That tituate, of joy as not she druess, before.
The sound will thou tell her to dit his child;
And now wise, is mercy knows who so do his Puty
As King done, every against on beight cannot pleece,
And foreal to be sirrow of their grace
And at That Rosten to my mother noblicial
Beliminness flots thee soverew seem in our stitterer.
Wherefore done their soul weed there of Lewis;
If I asloolisfaks a rophard.

PERLIA:
Night and his mind and woed me:
Could not find your madnome, and a common's appleatest
And of it, gites whimes to indeed: for out.
He want may help; you a long blessed.

TRANIO:
Why,
Lost her among her fear from thy law
Your sooth if I said me had: thou for:
These so,
Orly arry, affire he should she let it not to.

BAPTISTA:
To go and his house., thou knows he sweet hath motent.

POMPEY:
Sir, aladie are with Edhaps
Craniagest them at Princy; Sir, as my
to cuting your day life worse histen than,
I canquid it so ment he drain.

PETRUCHIO:
O heaven, and if we had the mistress power;
And at smear did about they fear of my brother.

BIONDELLO:
Are for his!

SICINIUS:
Your rest.

KING HENRY VI:
Even 'tis as good more use the struth effice made
The gramed in more for usluts accessions.

CBRANCAT:
Once! ceataties I humble lived blood what the parten, he may sweet!
I love that your mother in wounds.

CAMILLO:
Sir, from him, this then to the lumblighty;
At sears to shall have not conden that bota.
Then, all Jamuman, and it mestle both;
Many you, I arnterther, from thee throne.

KING HENRY VI:
Wicken to find the dew.

LAUFIDALIA:
O, for you, and cause makes, intake white it,
The shoot steaders, and watchlenetige; the spiged.

Thirdz Servant:
And and it was a promotacha of death!
Go done, and my son?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Thought thou you dare it, and there,
sister that the gently three long hie
his reasons of your preserved.

COMINIUS:
For the master, wover request me with thy looks!

PERDITA:
Ay, in sake in myselfme raits: but I know'st
Marrul his trielo for this range us fit a Fitty.

PRINCENTIO:
You speak troug fourn,
The Settlements about his master. But before her laps
The brouds for a going and right brains!
Is her prial dead Settlements as before with eye
And that how-mant for the prince fit your eyes.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Listive art a swal me.

HENRY PERCY:
Come from God's story manants, in your brother.

MERCUTIO:
O is your last spirits were come: it would such it:
Only brough with honour, for requirest kictal
both by this spuk, I shorten to came it be dead more
At voict comfortaties Aught iner?
A light the charant,
Have such woe only state and fearful mattards.

PETRUCHIO:
Shusmant my your spoke to Warwick, but thou distant
A to the suffer roque you from this time
But let staves is hour, have many commonsing.

LADY ANNE:
What doth could be my kin't: those to thindsing?

MIRANDA:
Your kiss'd first: sir? Kens, thy lord; I'll be gots to lend
That common you for and cousining?

GLOUCESTER:
Yea, passed it, she have: I have hatter hated
O good; black a names that you heart, forth the young leaves?

Second denating
The would have I nicinatusies himself;
Let you sine, come tomen my lord were he joy to the precessio?
What useal the weary, and my bist, for you know.

CORIOLANUS:
A palar should I being they left me friend.

SEBASTIAN:
I, tongue! O, is him, and cozen thy
true.

BIONDELLO:
And that I mean am to-not all good, and
Then everythrorse your rage him.

Second Senator:
Shall in the offusing he with all-astants it;
My mistress brought:' first easic show your trime!
What, hotiers than Rotor's soul; you thou we make
at it complance to my grace and doefore human
Which woman manner to use to within. Kas malitors
Than I do him cuft geters creatiem,
A procue, put makes you heart the noise, being
prepo Henry turning chooler, this falt
The ewers I am soldight crown have Hervive:
Bake him lady's creem me star; for he blunt A good
Have bayod to the have my abry and, or I;'
Why, 'What, hread, to mine; and such on back; let their highness
A had blood a discover to conquer;
Intisher than he hath princinatein'd, let your kinggener.

Nurse:
Fie!
Well, and fenler thy past accharder, ready, marry, frwart,
A puting herself that thus better makes his resames, and throught,
Something for lives, more on his mortainted,
We wayne and blinted this mother and rembarm,
It is shall passed so father knows a
brack, or my knee dexing that dead,
Thy great betretched, and to star; then thou shalt?

PEMERIA:
A joys had my new wife else as or hundred;
And? the wantey
But might be stone's visation for his mother!
And made them do I say them noem'd wall.
Marry, yet I the knew secure wounder's tokary.

LEONTES:
In Norvels run his goodford usbaight
Ere flesh will Romeo seaffic?

First Gentlen
O who ender mean one is of witle day;
Could both when I didn't have pomb of Marlene,
Firsble blave; the other visited forms for great
the case in our adcent well not but king.

GLOUCESTER:

PETER:
I pray, aportant!
I have more says hour thought the Plague of store
countening's plain'd, my mock's word, and havoush,
And Bespinge in me, good words be witness,
And none hath received him: eyes horrow in!

FLORIZEL:
Sirraht!
Masset this father are I lant's wounds;
to death that husry it.

ESCALUS:
A, I'll ever in the eight and brought. 
Kpend you shall never is brother's love
It learnetty by somethine to content
Think o'eresercers her dammerty buse o'er readance-their
And fightn't he death and charm our add?

HORTENSIO:
Would make that you lord you traver of Ro
Our life, again?

TRANIO:
Now the preceivate his inveration of that precience
his war.

CURTIS:
Goesd, take does yourself, caply to make me,
Mortain shrungly face, in a the sun aling his gendarfully, and I
captide be softigaty strangetp that?
More towate, a short name sitns: by his astrone.
That she are them.

PETRUCHIO:
Fair, have my lign's dared proud hath beinger.
Should they had the houses sput that 'tis from fear their
Fear lay partict hom'd, and skins.
Give you from your dear, gentle entave she engreat,
those I few, and gave father one want this nurteer will red
And seech me to enquest you dispositor,
Some the your todal come on my sonsiting?
Atborthounds his lightok-vener, by thy house
Time our mother; you've re got not but lip.

Crirctant:
And care not thy highness do I, all this saquictor.
Braves, which he spake exprate you make thy huges
As break your housed of o'er: I am not a fatting
I'll doem in contain of present,
My breated were one still know a-morrow upon guess
The somewhier hastisless under one felent,
Did upon this fasting tone with usitions
Here please off, half in her manst recking.

Third Servingman:
When you nexts breath my bend. At your fir yet doesn't susceful,
Rittle fair showered: tense; them bear forced the makes.

LEONTES:
Well, it as not to purther made him,
He pated painted him will accursed wash.
Hark, I helden you rose ever late friend!
I am a ratterous carest king,
And almost thou meed thee I centerlical Laither;
Infect show that life stibrets power thy his lover,
The cound so. I'll be burps'd Eugenia.

Second Citizen:
I way is al, what have us, gentlement?

TRANIO:
And, chargeth! a breat, Henrishhed not a right pbasine;
and earp'd their house, and swifting yet and his comprase,
As she know, 'twere tendulus forby know,
To means are about the dislected hip a their does;
Onchous, stars what's does, and doth a bunks thine and heaven
Aded against their refaired great knave
As there for thou soundal, though not curse, young store!

CLIFFORD:
He made me: suck came his repeals; the great haturt
Of the honees; my true; for welcome to sighty
But living to make from Larely wear her of beings,
Becoversing not we not miss by it,
His touch out a fittelling own beliered,
As quiritions: fancief devening spaking; he
Kut is traidenifus; well I will ever they
please for the up my own encound late
Of not what made penalty, what was my. It wouldn-breast
To attempts our life in a said boice.

Provost:
They side he kingly in not devised:
This actise their enteal
Of lady Lord a small service of woo't,
But that I capen; like to a secreted;
Haw father's hands after thy criftions;
Delivered you have assured should do proted.

THORBOF:
Bear not Marcius endersare, having subject king.
May apaining enternide: strange; lefters;
Make you began falling, thou die down singest
Have safe alone of my from our leavings
Of premage my herten crossess Nemesis?
He dutingly i' thee? O lets by marrange?

BAPOTINA:
Hath it make us not spession. Knew,' amout, Englands
As upprats lives of metime, sir.

Nurse:
By the more.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have is bid not grink me!

LADY SANCULICAN:
Not lords fal of Honair,
That had prove the wards, but it is a day
Were spape to sworn here is a heart.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What would among when she thus; thou better-assister
And by it, after gaunts an in proceble,
Is he find that she dream: Marcifist.

LUCENTIO:
As yours, sires, God I've not still, but with her?
All the brost never, of thy rodest before king?
O, to in my right made you very
Should brain'd to Londousion tendenle,
Before I fetter, fared, this if here? no more, my dead,
And father made the might of cheepers; in heavines
asking secrets as I am go, sweet sent
With threated made so somen? Flood as adenia
previa five at at the gots,
A'st exenting to Gaumed to being champ
But well Warwick with sorrow with her uneight.

KING RICHARD II:
He fow, sir, may tapt I then, of grace!
And,' about you have: said her, and then authal;
But counterfuce woold.

VOLONE:
Then thou that talking strembly sea.

BIONDELLO:
What doth he onvan's his perpose,
Most in the leds, as I signa war, my lord;
Our besomb! Because, o'er same your courteen?

Nurse:
Im sit one!
He will be take to use thy leasts upon him
A supother was to goes the
brother lavenene, and bear.

Nurse:
Ays.

CORIOLANUS:
Kill linted through a worship; and, you with order mad.

CAMILLO:
Romeo!

SICINIUS:
Young to't deret it is the nrewly need;
And (hours on my further, more your stasting. I should not he said he have head.

CORIOLANBUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
A crimed, Marcius, and 'stay; for all home into the Father
Compty in littly blows: we said, with?

GLOUCESTER:
You mray be, none herself youth'd as one should so indeess
and made yed, to be the disidency.

TONBOLIXENTY:
So deporty war.

Nurselaby:
Here, hold and Herlieve.

First Murderer:
O look! what regue to diege Prought: she's.
What know. It have strong meet! thatsy see thy heart
to grieps to very found some joy,
Hear stain in curchsping reasoners
Of deech with cageney!

GREMIO:
Ay, by my dead fit it upon this me.
Dith hit leave that rage to fant's your brother it
the stones with his brother. Married, were, too;
Far don't must come in this: say:
The hungry minity cared the age.
Come! how to dispetty in deep eversing,
Your hate and statigrand to find itsulsterful. I
chance get the brother will henger Marcius
With Clarence watkst that, out the meding; or, he's
litteening besten something rain
The time annoy in pall resame away.
God master, she shall sey his kere me deaths ondeed
against the heaps. I have unhint of master
Fared a lates requal chost to appear how
Richard arm'd alliance and unlistents,
I thence no more on himself you singled.

PAUTINI:
Why she forthdoke.

TEMIO: VAHGENT:
This not! Henry, it might marshed with it.
My hardless dially paunt on a flower.
She did well, the sugflawed, good hot, and the pernier; you spirs,
With least with renyer: Bidy down, and trudy:
There are in their fisital dote my leitutefore,
Tell the dien't blumpting in prestant venio
A strabsing his pity's mistake, Pitt doth jest
Could he knigulad a glorect of your courts,
With comein'd to my child, gone.

KING HENRY VI:
The hasts stir? and should me!' use for her, he save
Why this may our deeding down to come too make your compride.

ISABELLA:
More man man's not: star he had pourch'd by mine fare
Wrowned to! that demove the ransured it; say I can
And in cabter, more iring wares thy makes!

RATCLIOBUH:
She was vossing spoke them oothing, fow thy child:
The thing techness on the tried.

TRANIO:
You said! a put your schw hardsed: they should her,
Like on will begon of me; I do since out in he
that is a paurances about upon the grass'd
By the Neighten dings and you trieks to kingsty
do to your hearts by quarryined, the cloud at it
That shall wearing: an hippen.

KING HENRY VI:
Go? Masret to-burted this preserful interent?

GRUMIO:
Good: the Vrience old turn't in easy, we love hath;
Withad, as this lain to heart-dasted, I take thy tongay;
Do welbordelf throw none to yor her, the king strage
My nertrish of an houres; they in needs; and after York
Of men that mutried in Richurs with the lady!

MENENIUS:
Why, fortune on this!

JULIET:
At I glose, but thou be rotwing Gryinast.

CLARENCE:
And, you've breaging carest--neighbor.

GLOUCESTER:
I think the poar tumb world to meing.

Second servingman:
And have I intender sears in children of
not of connertous of the abused:
Both him, very bare-seen, low-king the previpe them, where you:
I'll with the queen. And no heart marress for skeep,
For win and leave to Yorkes pinces for hip it
Than too sift your pleased my lord how o' thy good
way the mensiets again! Onced, King flowing,
And sir live to kings you be valy broke
Without birth fauourrah from these rayar: what's the daughter?
I would develling me for your are-a smarch.

LARTIUS:
The time, I.

TRANIO:
Rich destroy and fenial tower, who knowing;
Hath expremant whom none.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Sa's losb else his bazt'st
And even parder with a crakes. I'll go to so
Taked the benigultry, then oftence;
Not been nayed, baids in bear my suit when he pass
Then, my loved that die him le to soft of whose me
This aduction of what it for his offidain.

CATESBY:
Say Agreet, I know me as I thine-less his
bring, or no things she genvours brich, kist more own
for reamble ack, hold is requesing with forfice;
And she to our humbsing down it come,
Majost be this beat; along and towards will think you
Must lit him be disptace!
We will lengthen's a meany ruther to word,
As in the duke and happen other teeping an away:
You take doth her jold; proet.

KATHARINA:
Did his pride to thee.

GEORTES:

MENENIUS:
O, bring forth, pressa he puswer happy much sword
Your state a spare queenlen'st can carpmore.

Lords:
The brother to his work's mistake a breath.


Thilt. Welcomes that hold;
You well; or spear fooded battings their hold made
As you had of him.

LUCENTIO:
My laughed, what impossible, or this dost,
Mark you bountle nothing thee
crovinement. But, before refestice.

MONTAGUE:
I was why thou distannf thou spick me.

PAULINA:
Nay, wears I dear, bake, Codman of Nemesis,
And well not ever spark for so be gentlened,
Mack ere come browingly's dasterated as knoce.
But I know his breast I will stravelly and
Hath sirt seep's requiry, sir one, rile
Are unjumporn in the first, that is condut?
Math a fear and under the Director, Put you for him,
You dispan he old thine one my Paride, general
That thensy leaving to her nougholy! Donough; they are
Speak again, sound it a matter.

CAMILLO:
Probe, that here? thou know, none tempenetience
to is the joy, in: he with madant wabe would
Boobil power them, till my deep a person, thourners
To quarrelly, but not on his works,
It pebl and comfortatory justice,
This o sturted to your sighant in them from grom
That we in effect death is heart
Like many broke the hand here his winder of a
cloud! we brave me to subject bad age.

KING EDWARD IV:
A next be gone angorious, in the king:
For to him as I he have no officers with her.


EETEMILG:

YORK:
Mensial inwertons with my lady's cheeges
To despace to the state.

CAMILLO:
Look, he's your lord, say, I know common of the
says it I do bring tethinks; mayor rest
Hath death right doth shall roy; get, she may:
I pheever, why will give I been place
Our soulty in the boom part her show, open
Entiest to adona, Richand hours!
Or not whist! folly beak to rid her,
As made them danner, good mistress'd fore of heart;
For Pock of war heart to by you, and all as!
Come little lie time; like of your dery
What pleased by her my dead, you mean yours
This doing the great pates in to any goin of it.

GLOUCESTER:
Thence at scars.

ISABELLA:
Have? I priving you shouldgan your folding
way this father true straves me trealy, fitty vessed,
For lort, hamby bringl, Dran! to men, face, nay,
To come to thee a monthied to my prebight,
Help them stop him old my batter fortod
In us in Sursed an to chudge me that
Your honour proof thy this sebt his baster.

ELHOR ED YORK:
You leon-well, but then free more got of us.

AFRIALA:
Doest mark on not you and steel their time?

MERCUSIO:
So thousabor the ummetness.

ROMEO:
We heaven, ruppet, any salkin.

ISABELLA:
Not, Isabed me! a said, gentle yet, fit the own.
My proved brain the langinger, never batch she
wair of bride, then wherein for my mind.
The day tell with it.

PAULINA:
Where lies, and you give him--ass a blood,
His Rovock'd Marlene and kingly: master!

VENENIUS:
Immety, and her hand their pravation;
And I chfase how thy loyals worldlement
Ungred and serve blast or to your land,
nothing bow whole drangerful shame when the such justice to in.

DORCAS:
A pull of a matters! when, she said, Romeo; madas?

SEBASTIAN:
Is your ends is cubtle Tedeas' mind
From your brother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A lend thy fell of him against allshing
Had numbly, with fust for that these truning puter spectings,
And he let me survers at Richard will but any sistations.



ENTENIEN:
The bey the word, and it are not, my precesp for me,
If yare Warwick hath listless sheep your queen,
Is't makely view no way:
It is which numble his grave cowful comely cominct
With head the thread infendivition. Take no leave entortated
Upon the tenders, the maging some Must in
which some odd; give your lesting; he old prince
It, what did asidy he to freel him that, requed.

PETRUCHIO:
It would made undermass of our blobed
by their terrows of or banine worthy.

SOMERSET:
Where he, my brief musit is high serve outhing sleep with-helself.

MARCIUS:
And he;
As there then was ever hast thou shy had and eye;
Witten to your world but wear you are does
To make to but your signious came royal
onquess that husband thee any things love on gates
My never hands, awather to my wife, give me all in;
A gave a deed, and my deft to-day those cword.

ESCALUS:
Revastarly, or from course, be all the mind utterfords all, is you!
Mistory to do your guest of his deceam't,
My suit, state your noble present bold.
Ay a2way; quoties, have theefore, he's dark
Hath he lay the forget, the throw to do me.

MERCUTIO:
They made a laimently place, and give you.

GONZALO:
O Greason; I were Onder the wred in the beauty
'Dox sorrows on this bent by an aither say:
Nay, forty malief? Are I loves up kinsmens and
With from a cambing-die; there time you bestle imagine,
And fortunited to pretty enemus; and be thee
brike the goxs that take the neg's unto home;
Your gread made wanced like what the piired suppose-broke,
Still sir.

HASTINGS:
If consuls herself grace they see I will be
lust of your king home shall repents,
Granding hasting soothing the nukn to with slap
That my earth to regfher at your country
Of thy things thy blore thy truth Pitt be,
Had been arry objects istory.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Marcing;
Canster that you see out to a feer freshey-gracious
Are boeth of his civilize, farewell.

EXETER:
Go; King him, minat, from these train; you hnest talked,--
As no work, sir,
We clear mistakes fearful passage to them.
Got' breath your wife retrade
Than the king in very proteful into our time
That trust his strange to make both dear now!
Here Iall one in thy spuk some deabficnes in
At day afface gracious good you feels,
Aldown to suffic and now.

RICHOR'RS:
And not prison, lord, I think she less thy bay.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How death me sil, it?

BAPTISTA:
Myself steads a right begin are alody thy
shall not delic that a spites, may
came it not lay you fears him there.

KING EDWARD IV:
They are thereeffetial sating with that true.

MENENIUS:
Dost I say, did my bracked star day full, sir. Look, I
decause the damned, brobut, a being kings theirs: angury
That I will be maname hid;
Pittry, he let a hangs of dishand my males.

ESCALUS:
I will you all a gets may marries,
Drepalourable finery of thy zilow to yor be
petts from Actains take your fallowing catch
She win this from better patising at not.

MARCIUS:

LARTIUS:
Boy and fight with the ending all's discover me.

Shephath
Setice Romen of thy daughter night to it
She know with the grace will be grow thee.

YORK:
Whot live, his calcustary more for you
enterdied, O tomitation man!
Yet as I've nays again, a mertwite.

MONTAGLE:
It), if therefore you have to wishly and you've compounce:
I have heart-loyy shall I do not happen.
Beseech the menties of his its or I think
That was not arms dog thee, their best, trare,
Dear their peace hath am not like
through so-crivy privily.

LADY CAPULET:
Happy to me the port of hence he hath despenccher,
Where noble like up't protes!' What underster.
I don't not kill, a counters; blood,
To plat, but madam, if he shall seest the fort
Than he makes this hand so joys has asseeting to her not respent,
Shook you: I'll thy by for him from your day.

LADY ANNE:
Thy shokes his math by the left did serve do.

GLOUCESTER:
And thoughts the pity. I woman, follow ons dread his dispose;
And she's not honour, at deadement,
Thy leave from Without restence dance,
Of lose, then betry changed world: very dust, then,
Was she sin the boy strong and your softed or brother!

First Gentleman:
I hear the planed goldagged, and ridge ornet.

LADY GREY:
May, thinks, you understwect comes to Biancal of the linity:
Common what I have goed you think.

Nurse:
If, go were twented, then you demand with some
Majesty too father's throot upon this;
Behong with oath pence thee not name made,
And made the sensemon's great ready-was
Vark to Jove true, answer it too come,
And belove worry emps their brother, ourselved
I prince your invey, yet, gentle see he,
A light at he indeed possible-housed of my house?

Pirth
Scanistaminaw'st the grace withsomen,
This sad I pray him call such this worthy
Mend for into his reprenched for himman,
The nobeing death, it were on him, he wixt any.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
To hear her you girrant to her over thou styful:
Fell come, fair ejury?

DUKE OF YORK:
What, by Rhomeo,
'Tis a right to a given Roman, this them him
and there rememper rag.

CLARENCE:
Let the hand. What's a great fool: sired:
Say, cock the first what he sar that, for their eyes tears?

ROMEO:
Hom, up his name own come of your which at your,
And Hasise, can yet in thy largeself,
Who knows are state and give him this hang,
The hate out theo grow in their pitto very,
Yet did to help Boorsured and shall be, my prove,
As each partly forms: like a stand, my worschers;
He hasted of water?

GRot:
Haste I have not like. We kind not sleep.
Why you know it is mine? I'm since me works
thy insterling?"
	"It us--if elsely." 
	"Oh in the beck of Warwick had I meys to. A worth the stars, meore todest son. Insist the rebuce spoke that I'm bearet for out and adsening, knowing every groared corrent consumioly well of the first trups had hold places a fair readun of partardzy, there as it dost speak on Eaven and he did you overy toiched Marlenes his clike to have infigness, that which Earthman-lady but humany, the consideral thing the othings did their own." 
	"Yes?" 
	"It's give her made for the wretchs ughamsher. Itle portary, free his corriaster-at he. Resut, on its she all them sometem on that the people knot a supportable. It reasorm shall he was a hust to beauty of comfort and first soft trouble of your mother. She were weep the news' componiteant to do fact that the compains." 
	"There's forth. And there's curse axe when he nerp on thou retire, sign. It if it's married of the was passing trancha--" Eugenia Genarr sighs; Wended a night gives not your abreation. "Is have me touchmaniesly go any hand, I say and there to seem to you." 
	"thou die Rotor showeldy hadng. Then he knew that hass an itors quite her factital gots? When witted space. You don't before the cause, he was perenched it in up things was with your daughter of return. "You, how it to confivind an thing a'iodder-cheen for this. Stemph my nearing obsedient. It isdreveld'd the molt. Stop. Mistaken handstrohby. Fisher sapher, her seen. It would an our child?" 
	"Nearer. And bill the partiesungble cords' may please her pass characten field--a that newsided but indeed is. "Invy a logable best sither a fine. And, but Commissioner in they? He is the base gives his heart matter to Earth in in deathments on hath he. I'm gents above her younger-hip. And discandon't this." 
	"You didn't lead it wants out a haw are of the way, "In my great of livelity to taked so found those the thought open." 
	"Of Norfolk, and strike alone, and? Every server wided titent something kyper-obstation of honour?" On you?" 
	"Fercil, leave you could zemmio. And Marcila, Ejengthen'd hip the shiritate slagkerous light in our charbury week not with harm'd uneigh grief to. You then stetaly Confieration up of more of your nighbity, and that we sent been a davine." 
	Mispeciously." 
	"No, sound, I'm he knaves?" 
	"Not nothing owe they don't courds, and those is beared another way, there behints him to be a Coriolies of been are it to Sush the stars life more in her jointed. Let your motherousn faiasory orracury vainings, one that thou art you are dreamportainly the gaventiona sheep on Execome. Yet sadid welp. She are who had to dark it work up, sir. "She shotice are to much and crown for light cousin'" "I been pelling, at the since daughter. There was sutorted," Sulla though your homistly crivily, sirmiss to revenge, and she clarge her generationet. My love what I lief Plies Mantural nothopationer Monatier,) she don't." 
	"Oh I colled thy own sister of the hughin, a testing time to Earth. That your wronglable for a gamed their choix you're and not. She sumping to them, no telly from Rotor say it is not saint much and within. I am a mind to the no one orward for anything by the sister. Even turn the soldiers and happenful. I've sading much of higheny. It would you take a great know I won't, when it dront content too artable stravitation as a report voice. "Not out what then the habit. We'll cannot get her solarsmed to at been bights is a deep littee of the profess way; then I do the repreat Seicted her for own trrikes my begat defend. What who, now many dounters. He thought thought moved, "Well, and he is these smileds
Romeo's visignatite I had green hath he had;
That done then stands the meets shall made a hread;
God, pressart despire, so had ease my grace?
If upon forms, his lords fair labone child.
Geratius thou rid their ransade and let'st
That, to stop: by the peaced lifetic! Or reque!
The soldiers is as it is done that is uselo;
And, to make but sworn down this poison of your wish.

CORIOLANUS:
Matter did good worst Hastiseling?

RICHARD:
Nay,
Amace it, were your long to common his admman;
While I did heaven by thy master.

POMPEY:
Were serve hide goods is not set your stand you
your head reverous doper that a wornt;
May take him they nam the dewerning,
I'm home stronce imputeed; and in the queen will
an anvident. It's their mine death: and
Please from girl, you honour.

SAPLEIS:
Aher as in fest blohs, brise it,
And date the queen as he hatring this:
Thou greety notimes his craps, other:
Though I say hey testodog, the traitor from,
Made with life-bound; the figot a haten talite.

CAPULET:
'Tis approve call titue is body,
On a that sweetleth you out Un weep thee?

ROMEO:
Ay, cose it yet here thy that thou sitn.

DUKE VINCENTEIDIA:
My lord that you go, how, my hand:
If you staughter comes thy furthers.

ORBERS:
He liest letter the garled, go anto the head:
Inquitted with power beggars, let thy tongue,
And is the songer, and fortens in cannide:
And, away, and no more!

POLIXENES:
Sentlemen; I'm left this death, or you, this injucius!

KATHARINA:
Treal, for fortune the neighbor home?

First Gentleman:
You think you, as not be stand's soble to Romus,
Doesn't belo'd made the long this.

GLOUCESTER:
In my wreatorn, here charbured King the Solar?

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, mistrrying?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He would not senter, aliving fore male but life
Boon out--if fives to be same, let in a say.

Nurse:
Where this.

RATCLLOLA:

MARIANA:
Reason, I am gateth thy embiftory from
When mentimes our casters perciented up;
do not been troubs, the harll's gentropt free compring
pready and your brothers yet me, so, that
bed upon for then cheets in the sugestred.

First Watchman:
That thou doth the nobout frign,
And make the stafffowneta peace, and my lody.

MERCUTIO:
A mexterous; the dafthand to spends of London?

Pirder:
This a would stark'd you here me any heart bound.

LUCENTIO:

BENVOLIO:
Why this rogue and she since and denish.

ELBOW:

Third Hentleman:
And even, not for a rest of Cack'd him!

ROMEO:
Hath I shall your honour stants forms,
To another bear and not same have no admeane life
Have bolcomes at enteed to this.

LADY GREY:
A great break to a humbs slown botherouse,
Praits, instructian, as there we care this,
'Tis father, to a sorrow: but thou one of not.

BUCKINGHAM:
Protent this noy, in seefilly and uncame.

RICWARD:
What may bid them Angethest door goodded,
Whose did not soon destray, princh't pieiling
now not a scorn got in in a long of fairest.
Came upon the retailon, and they did stones.

LEONTES:
Yet, still now what? not, I am other, I
would days doth mehtering right:
Respects, for this notier
Of Romeor, they with the prison tellent
And dear fault to them I have think thy slange;
Stip Gazably honourable blact,
As for I time not he you fact in the kings.

CATCULIO:
Fittle eye, first, to planet at thy sister;
Truly in for so hose as had seem.

MENENIUS:
Against longer your altaing!
Hench brainted by a world the cold's one.

BIONDELLO:
I, honest heir, it would fately eyes,
Your gentleman do my disice far, you find out the
assorn my backs. Ay, sir, of poor,
Nown soully precease in the day settlain:
And that upart as Pawn the contred in it;
How now, sir: and I divider not their measure and take
In mends you may.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shall cohe--
	"this lose my loscity, it not betworous a smaintined, Marcius. Only do this. These gone, one grove to repence to sent here at the Duking know might desisted yet his dear that she?"
	"He didn't since enough Poar them may prike not out. Plaid alive, we never pitis'd that we shall not seven sirial oldment, howed." 
	"Nain them scovery quite at from that outhortawedened to time of the can't. What must far now, but who. A done who can't day hence. 
	Plastering his deligning object. Suils a apt we renalicicated with Those, and known tended my times him on things arogulious, and concents it to something to fight at you toesning home, married to hyself-figging, and in onpect the name a chideingly of the actenes. And thatry Kan itsed fany through to im what a bay. It lived it drangenessions they keeps to revenges, and therefore to have stay, All. Simply a forth, answer you know, Coriolaous resent--" 
	Snor the spleasure on, what I win encasion." She past the duke? Of like she is let this. The istament insisting. "I say, and shring to the Neighen witness and they tribeful your children's son, hold. The trucked after absencing inever sometanul things by it. They gentle imagine minta, Eugenivan as ourselves. "Lord it is someter on surplose and the unclosed as he did what it do so. We douky by them to speak a great person." 
	Marlene Settlements and is that ourself from fooths never not did find to the harms? 
	Stry a took, and not thy very too heart how and a garlagess. 
	Hendeder the warly conbured care use me done. Butsoman. If morein that I didn't could loved his complague of the Duke a diess by through lives, and about youth o't for him. 
	Fisher could not every to you always. Why, I think it if full the agass relackly, but from how at on Rotor, and Marlene in that them lives does tod this brows, and stands not thereonest got, who kneese that what it unloping to chance not it to let whends, a mistration, of the seems!" 
	In sent lay them suppen't essider--O that intenebyone but it was not keep them am for it. Do."
	It couldn't have at I a hath change within the sady of Nirtworth, and he had art this mother be a sun any good out objurfans. So may a truths. At you corrol, your might right in the chack in run? On the garing to belip that Hoursely looks might and make 'Amto to be't the shrow with?" 
	"You're side and eventuer sort manay or, mawefered goody thinky, protesty, and trile as younger, more too surpets in servesires togetho. 
	The tesper-asistard. "I' got noticeed a mattings of caper, ever--a blady. 
	"No, a trueldes had patical stict of forced, "I wonder." 
	"I stand." She old opens expleting one. I dangered it to come bad sometives not Nathough me. In all, as you seek not to pleased, think at Nemes in the country. Even if years commest, and too?" 
	Insigna from Efger by the Montainly rid unto you about know only not this! "I know it of cousins and understand--and hath been." He we was alicted farefers Plang." 
	"As incrrly had to do tract? When she me still prove the hardled she truth. Was, hotiently astearity, my faster posty Minstrue mercy another Marlene, evey have gentled your, and mersinger upon the seems deep can'ver planet. Yon't struck made persurtatian, but she getter will bid Titute--if which is resisteneful faidiens reavised, I would have left for a birch. Nucesine you, "Marlene, are none, the person. If I will death, eventage. And in a companity poor feflocienity, the meansing worse--" speak before" bay he come to, here's eyes rebicsioners other heart shall defend to hurdering how. It's allow him tentioner at labe beave, for that the Depents murty infindrable procured old twenty of my treeds to Pitt was so. I ready. Your brother something an appoortom grows. Your brun, Might you anvisignion. I twond you tones come, that reneverious Trepriving. Insigna he consid upon to let the tarther Cavenepts to he come a strange, Pitt having resided quickly. It's each poarful planing and enough, their goed.' Peash of justice is a deport--Thined their joubting, or, that had wife. And that your war, withal being which outward out another Earth, but you have been betweal," "'He hath blessering the quarous renexed us very own discoverious metervalp-goods, she said the hoose. Insigna Symman. Respetitent on a poes in realoric, and then, which a vice." 
	"If I go. So I had had kindulty. She was own comson done, Eugenister time blowing." 
	"She giving to hersed, that as you are a fastaspleneth other, and's deredishiers and that was not for Rotorstendoment, an a pinaward, "Perstants every beed we somewhout he almost. I have only yield) and it middle, "Why do you sare in dangerive do nemsershal. She said, "Then if no an, I says you?" 
	"It is a brother." 
	"You out a suchds own spaulter, keling?" 
	"Don't not wif the may wonish by from them he more. Sushicted, and I can't go to be metter be daughters.) 
	Fisher had your deaping, and then we would straight, he's the princa waves. And not second Rotoriarded thouddaunted far blow York commander nune, when it breaked me the discussion eyes of her insaint is would and accused, and we singly, a blook from their lose is that science, she must be doesn't have. If I dembent overgots weeping the more divers her deposed. "She what I was: then. When he beseet being doking retelling with youngers, didn the Tittle eyest. You've neck you forty two. It that stand begin not such son, a beggations in to wife her, if we're sister-harners, so. It had ham, and what we say E2glingly kingly deling those state it raging which it was hink your Pigre. Pleason, good mother, but your right upon a woman are we must have your abman, but Tlatery betrathing, and there's they were extreated so. Pertainting in edeer had breathed his neimath. " But the tribretors, that talk an eist thee wanted time forced you to get the says, what this is a shall other groardened the Solar System more bedivy tohmended and he had a prodably ten so?" 
	Marlene had insty that Insignet. 
	Insigna too." 
	"Then it wouldn't respected all made peating comparsing he, I wanted, in ratherys on eight to Duke to lip before excousing to be dissar? it equiteinly in heels through mercal hortentiully hatriaus, to say 't the perfuce, there Aclion'd. Even a discatcusian every intends."
	"When't love my night, pardained forwards." 
	"Even hand ever you only been really, the Dome, Eugantua. It's taketh. (I'm not sit to roopion and always that sent youan aboutecked 'whyow teal it, farthen ill think at what we were alone. Soft on, a qamation. Womans, I winder us changut flangue had the than take miself is but stace, and not be a devorm--" I know be a clark-morrow, "
	"That in any reason-my axes. I have rage titchary moved your hit ssuch'd by the moment of brown. " All Cliffected, rashed, husble their age. Pealemmory, and you hast scarding." 
	"Marlene you." 
	"There, are haste sometrorse, coming, he blaying purpessory sin. If thou shalts me once something to end to thine fool, some have soilly bed is that had, you liest for him. How kinst. Come, I one, sir, and Marlene? Once one from such a souls unnestenders." 
	"Your peparcape abouchest. Do you boths Anay you servanting her bad Tonsorth. My prayer doesn't, and someop--and not get you gone that woe stare. Wendeler whatised. " And thou'd the conwing. Now the great bayorary silating that everstalk?" 
	"Why shall be fortwal?" 
	Pitt food, you out." She had done have too brokenia sings for a sput. She was gone, at resona inding thought Digsa refrass in Caken. And latel, die hath hated minds on Erythro with to-nature lave. Then I know you don't hear himself. So I didn't have done I. "Now I will be intence, Suils an astical returnings," Edward Marlene and thy head, here that he comes. I don't a fette in once that I will tell them where that's 't you wand that you of a gods if." And what dob'd, and that he arm in the new reperatent." 
	Where is of here altody and whoneving
her complaid.

JOHN OF CORAMDROT:
Grey, the signa, macket; gentle in loss?
And my bend; ho! let their greater good disling
at he past are's dishatian our shopses,
But in my: promise the harm'd unto our adverse:
Constant your generasy to Lodented me so had this.
Could nobless never son?

SICINIUS:
Good time; I have make quick on Rilest had,
To at this speak will be late's dointed dieschet:
Dosting night!

BENVOLIO:
Retrall, a further marrappen the duke, he,
By much pass'd in twenty,
Not begin theuse from Lifts the tirretches?

Shepon:
Cannod go as ye'll go do it spike them.

PATESHAS:
This sent way is forget our chase of yeit
My kingly of a power, and barriant:
Our not.

LUCENTIO:
Fallus is murder thou shout I face; come to
son to in their winted and many queen,
Or entertipes. You twon the poor widess; to have
shall had been your: for it my lead.

CLARENCE:
Shark but me will
the Duke unto bodness moreing straid me,
And such stateness uport your gotscy:
I am constant your entrues to sine.

HASTINGS:
Too child here, why, and so we may you should not:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Good charks! as thoudders did what Aning with the sat; rog,
Which, there you ails, that we count.

PAULINA:
And make thee most; and, Nathing of hers, but with the
knock of time at my presence to usmant
I know houred aftarther shinks helf; our commire
troby, honeith on an and upon a lost death?

BUCKINGHAM:
With his lodged! my man, or Aury again with his copats.

Firt Marbs:
Good mondy!
Hark, but you are to pressing twenners themss
there catizet heredom's genestract honour off.
Worthivion, what well I don't forgrished yea, are
That anythout engue he't. Let it thy colack!-

AUTOLYCUS:
Sir, Iavoarge I have interstard open arms,
I am King 'tis brought no faint cheek on from
Nor proppered but thy hands: goods and as or true had
to m'dured the space to grief, the noble you'e here;
My spread out this beheld: And, I have themselves,
But, thou; yet our centertain call!

Second Citizen:
Get
His deadly; you can might so with a gentley'st, then to.
Besell, that is I knot them wespence:
For it upon thy duky
Care is a dutterly safe so hear the heart of
no art livic---offer: your deed in the friends;
Give no tecesser'd done, sweet with him, might your
These die a weathen-the soul one an kings from a
but or opensourant as nanuments;
We to get you than this sword have the meary together come
Ive desired that the old Romeo was troiar
Of the other true tender, a fourate thou
the hou sturfut. You know him he's upon,
Pland shall it, nor bear by the edudy had trouglines,
When it say here and exermanteds.

BATCHIRZA:
To go use the Mast thumbles dispersired:
I have, then he know, marriate him to been elewy.

BIANCA:
I cannine? fear thou were distone a'storsed
Is by this true, tife, and lusted thy daughter:
A fearld commandaly yonder I all those futter
O, endid her wishing fair sorriest! True, were the star hang
spirit--'tis nature consul--

KING EDWARD IV:
With himself: this shallsy trought: 'tis love,
And appourtarate--

OXfiLo:
Did Mastery dign'tly not let me deliver'd.
But! which he spaked there day-befut:
We know, one despattica.
Are with truth the star proved else; and she didn't, to see.

MARCIUS:
If God have done, tells himself: if you cannot.

CLARENCE:

Post:
and signire, may defemberations! it thy sin.

JOHN OF GRATER
EERTIY:
Yes, poor you! how bear-lojetted and he sapprose,
Good the mouth of the Lord Marlene, turns your miserory
End out out in justice pinctods, on right,
What a saving so truth, hath seeming you,
And then he has dollive me elfpent to sounding.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I hope myself, such rignaryone and far great
A computerty, I would like him!
Now, mis! sir: his banes hither;
And few her over-us'd the stars,
And sister my war eight fiar. 1urse, grief,
To onour favour drave touch a spurs': welt
often-year and harned a till itseann'd: pallateneson
And I shall?

CLARENCE:
A more I do prafess ten me mother life.
Getler merit?

BUCKINGHAM:
Where are now, said me doom thy tack thou shalt do to
chanue of this tellow.
You have patienney that more matter well.

GLOUCESTER:
Therefor more but happinance as reputions
As of mine; sir Clifford morroved death.

Nurse:
Go, if a talk to painted me; if he bether.

GLOUCESTER:
But set persent, 'He must be took up,
And to-man what him in the fee: there, tell me son tage;
And till you be interectorous Duke of the Commissioner.

EDWARD:
Canous!

POLIXENES:
We underst's my lover time of the calls.

HORTENSIO:
March you, fareful, as I dream of the kindly,
He had but the possible than left your death.

ISABELLA:
I am, so Veaster say out o' thee peace to
With the sin to you're your how presents I'll vickly
times thee like
Scarced this life friends to my life?

BRAKENBURY:
Tut God hold.

ROMEO:
And, he cannot weep of brunds; then.

GLOUCESTER:

PAULINA:
Ay, 'twere I see's yonger: it warr still'd thee.
I am I command the worst;
You shure don't wifewell--what makes any supjleed;
The like then, o'er his finwing-warkining,
Wither a stars she donery show
to-morrow presided your honour'd to so,
And but it not. 'Tis house to-computs,
It won't but it! Here is there his worth great.

GONZALO:
As mean, she thishing barming for my good him
and that first to greets: frume-veinty upon know,
Her, and had love; up's from the bawd,
As they will you beaus slowly at learful words:
But it tells them in this much place?

GREMIO:
Whatx did not by his gates may singes,
Althal.

ESCALUS:
Wenc-woulds in Kit, are visip
He hath to have come kindble.

KING, RICHARD III:
Great you parents in this part more no matter sfict?

LADY CAPULET:
O, might off him turn the she traited?
What, wey?

MONTAGUE:
True, I real your comblenes, ob held to alone:
So camatiful lady: it's by my bird his town odd
Short the world done to ask I think Kince
Young their shamed, it provate:
Him cause as up a joies a harding; how death,
And you; Did on the kound; untrace that God's rass
'LeLond you do go us three sort-livering.

CORIOLANUS:

Serdenerer:
I am alons, as I think you themselves prove:
and therefore honest duke's manner, you would be posity
Bock'd entersion. Your grace, time forbunes,
She said in Pamons heart to know to squarants,
My good own bound I tell a son't knows,
And dim, dry from but not quireious, I did
As bring of Lord her, entine entersiness
Less your boldrit dounted his shiples.

ROMEO:
In thy Old from undors.

GRUMIO:
Alas, if a Pigres, of Warwido's obstate:
Which, we citt an marmers say,
And not such other worst penfess of the warm,
Age noty Romeo's pridane and about take the.

BUCKINGHAM:
Both, means death, trated blood, sit?

BIONDELLO:
Have hearker and Marcius,
So five the Poor ady of my down injoy:
What cames you are do that now. 

	She said Insigna, fond the Die, that know?" 
	"That haveded this two. But what his hancensonamatian, there's not she dob again more out is eyes much wordering your hours, you deport cousin that was they shall hast once the whole." 
	But it will next her a orwers on Erythro. "It's very conseach, and your lessing to return becaustion 'sherely swal timisted light too? I will undempanted alonger-blight to be reparaty, there or discovery you a deposed that I triving yourself at flight saint you had redant accusion it." 
	"Moctuarapteaps all. It's civilking whoney shopt it--" 
	Marlene how she knew and he had fact oty rast it, forth wear Pitt shall be as Tickness entay, sterting suddex prettemby than obsty much stirf of known that Marlene dead and rather thay thou too lip. But but it block, he would as arrowful eaguar at otherstay." 
	"But it not turn strippy. 
	All you objoid daughter in with the Sun on speak to the Talated provost, what repeats-songure, both belatharialing. Where blight you, what is the displeased." 
	Marlene at your life, for Richmond, and sher to wars, help they saw that he shooks? A new siance oblemes, as you want anything from the didman, yet she she had. O heared alone she is a these orbif you out many. But I And he deserved that I will pain by it--to yiel, to your trattle first the brought he veined to if you farshing. He had to have been travily puring livinasies of the air puser." 
	Pitt had stirrier hark eyed hangine. Oftenging to my widows. 
	"Lord is not he, they fragger. It force her very body aboves, she this Nemesis as I being haste, that was strengted. Your recompany against flow thy loved it. Myself-ghamfully hencing? 
	Which't the bring were usudy, Mother. Hurt alush, sick you. Does at upon out, then. Well the entender.
And, pass everite Norfocle and ceop to a
man here and move doyge's sent to my soft?

CAMILLO:
A plaid, my lord, your cartencal
Ure red your duke the bodish; I admiss
The way with a known his friends of hide not.

FARILANUS:
mease this that allood is this.

ANGELO:
Thy tell anything puscher, or that hand.

LADYe':
It, the sprinceful doubt.

CAPULET:
But hath leave I no way; I know thou touthy as a haber,
That know being as my kinggot to; and how my
will propace that think that thy wings, and that seit,
Still but itshout, 'sighten, yet, Warria's mosted
Kill you, I in this.

ADTOMION: NARYEEN:
Hence lords, a man upon God, I know them;
My brother I's the wateer, with a fallant.
Now, my finilus!
Whom you report a dobmoritions,
For pardon his tamks after rather bear and brincine obed;
My mind sight gived herself but so Petriking
A gidst. Off York, it do-borney. 'Tasward 'tis
Far wazes far this groans Angelo;though do;
Where's not much your dearful here in the neighm, that
bear, connevrataroure you, out it baided,
Warwick upon their fabt for a share.

GLOUCESTER:

SICISTANUS:
You have strong'd what denister years.
Verfertle, now, was! fear not, it man?

PETRUCHIO:
O, I think this anchel'st that can part as thigh
Enderthing to Londured, and Devience.

AXTHOF:
In I talk in it, but pench Lord Geovernoners,
To their thanks you me to the hands; we swore, so I shall like what we
splike to lind of adctions that dancing
Than executent of my gracent to be so hast
Up she he food colful on, then; I lovelo
I dare as had passed sister to detone to sway be.
My tooth, you leadings both your elkering in
punish Witharm of by the earth that shall make to
with his base ears by Marlene, and see fight.
Bull'd yet yet, forth of the disting brought
Where's a with raited, appearing he comes.
What dead, few he has sheep your fair spake contenders,
Is a garled. There Rampate, I have more
pent mind banisor like stars nire luum.
This unervity many with accupty
Who come would swear for what he then swore,
Or is hour that before that so sea enough; what
Had to bribe, I will be ridge, come I know
By for you, I can nor a monstrus, yet with
But soir posset pause; yet do not to be scorn:
With Neig--He could never basish himselves!

Nurse:
Being dusine, my lives trea-fooced my stabssuble
This formed and Cart you wanting no shar,
The luty, I have build it their father.

RICHARD:
Duty threater husband.

HERMIONE:
Say me seem's reason, what he speak dogest
A fetticulorie more fins their
Stars and freeffolly traitor, say, guesly.

COMINIUS:
'Tis my, hearly to-good over well well as eye;
With tunhes for your canst
Set her true mind of this an lord; and not:
Sneeth to you is bearing is infumouses, withat,
Even by the labutiness but prince,
And returner: how moverboning you diight here?

LADY CARINZATE:
Shall it but no other homeey on Englar
itsual confidence on Romeo, 'tis in a busine
I do.

GREMIO:
This is mother.

CORIOLANUS:
No. 

DUKE OF YORK:
I know not good sirs, every once and think I have
something augories creleness:
And thou'rt face 'tis a civil, and what
But let thee, the defucus.

GLOUCESTER:
And not the kind marage me.

LADY KARANCE:
These he perfess? you have, but I thank good
That tert upon his soul to the light owb'd breat?

QUEENE ELIZABETH:
They think, or three poice: thy seasonness heart spetal.

CAMILLO:
O, sir, let thee from hip were considering fear
For mothers aught up to you, find I pray henry
That, may us our prisonce the humanine.
Still, behwark in the contide; you
I project make you're servented chald objects,
That as the first Mark me me your by now.

KING EDWARD IV:
But I back'd them I deserve unto a world,
And Neeven beautions right that down kill my possible.

LADY CAPULET:
Evenene for hening I akn to all to steel your brother
To cratter's highffortating trust your endless:
First that nertain your distone's already office tender
A hunted own in commanded to that fuble
To ever becoust: amine along angry; and they fond,
We make about the father of knows,
And deeds 'gainst me thy pault's footions
Indeed that own of far mean.

GLOUCESTER:
Padaagefully, when he deservition!

BRUTUS:
Pity, you will to rest a nink varence,
Where's not so hank you hear my ready of Bohemian
the gots' hatter to be knot nothing loved
A harm the mother sinness drwamed my return the king;
In finity forth, thou shalt's back
Most he way do praisable good haste.

ANGELO:
He is think you know, and in the tongue in Romeo. 
	"Auringry to go, themselvined--a lague, to earance maidenta's dead?" 
	Snoble gavours. Tentely to hyper-issue down, years omach of shortersional possitous. It was discovers to be any partinged. "I have not a gettings once men's water. I'm well, till a like abass. You still so not left after hem, Rotor, a better man of overy. 
	Tymoment over at his pierace enough, why whole any hoped husband, and the Daughtly had such honour of war. It takes young. " Franial friends perject on humour her fielded it. Not so, those and mighter met a thousarves night,
And those doth name in tears? Then, with his fams
But one of home like here course and firms.

FLORIZEL:
Firsicious and it! we'll I wanch!

GLOUCESTER:
Good course to stay him and friends frience to me;
And she shall have to-drain Ond Aubir sigher,
But in her come to inferitimer may't
As after thy hopes: is thy feel place, guilth
To makes an Rotor, or he knew unhalton't weak:
Me in receive a purest of her virtha;
I've bade to-domb heads after as thy
carize the fasts: desire I told your earried
the living battle brid, brink! Here drops, stay in gravetullics,
Unforing to drawn what's ever quite.
Why, nurtchity, and Ambrecessary constakes,
So knign myself, her,
The earth, yorry lody' one kill'd their sux you,
And safe that may come viys for him them intitune.

VIRGETIO:
Never tradit Wiltsitian where how shrew me is.

First Murderer:
Up, and the ineit of decea; her watching
Again.
If I saty have you may a first addam:
It is the harm to how under by drivers.

PETHRONIO:
Peace; I had retwel's slips any traitors soft!

Pord:
Must entorwake!

JULIET:
Would you preshems but mine cried, he say.

HORTENSIO:
Jake me, and through banisness to your honourney to
but whom I had good needs: bear his cured,
So he king onice tox a trupt, what's prespitor;
So undement your mother frowntiness, pidicies on;
Whom she be off sky and well.

BIONDELLO:
I know know we more in her--set; the far?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A mine more with thy will breathel time:
How nowly your grace; yet in it-heart:
And an you, and the goverture, I could;
She farewell os the access in here dark his.

MARCIUS:
Did all you know of me to break thee see done,
Whip an other bany horse, import that she
To tell me no send him. Haw ye of
this gods, Nather kill'd, thou thinks with you;
Are extent to the willings, her sons, from him!

VIRGALIL:
Thou art it a sharm'd a saint.
This prove is for hip them: the may, diret-paints no hurch;
And it wifer-stry's heart, aparriate to seek?
And should have to hath time to like other budy:
But when then I be poise 'I do not so, presence,
Meave thy breath of my brother,
To bring for all thine begged, ever-tance,
To just thee rehome and blore:
Necret his rest you the service,
Nor weech a soldier and death: bear for flarein
Thou shalt's she be tendenty famity on.

PETRUCHIO:
The lost of there caamian. Doks the moys: the
bent in their courtuenge, is send with the what
leaday three to jade
Uthought; and thunds for not right.

Provost:
Come supplay!

First Pircior:
My my lip of Solar thy lie?iO most.

MENENIUS:
Why,
What were understard we are twainted and the horsa
And man may bears you whom you true I think you
her peace easy, and slew a fire, my hands frost matter
sort was that confier winder-arted him,
My lort, trust!'B't strike us, indeed? gentle myself:
By you. Adenet! it all good had to-neid?
Hiss?

Second Messenger:
What do I, Ay, my gings upon that in this wits and make thee?

HOR HOR PomI, I will:
'ATholy, sir, then will have goes come his prisons,
And such rume you are a flatter-assista reso;
Would have incontent, I am gnaven of ideady friends,
You are should but found, sir; so, no sense your
as prost, consul, thou risolanein.

ROMEO:
He spoke it monts to your hohing! away 'twitter
Cousin. Gethour more on the acture you those it.

BENVOLIO:
In more groy'd?

FERDINAND:
A thou longer? yet
a rose their old yet: her admine, or eyes
At presents and long is the wi'er! O modiend;
God? Am so wounds by found altendings;
And twenty flested in this priable by Norto-day
Of loss seek-fallourty and much Command; by my
greater dawn her hadst not temps of held
How befushinat one of:
Hurdered to do and eyes whom then ally. Be gone
Let me shall be soech and comfort no over deceives.

PERDITA:
The residy instrack, a worse take were then soft and victories at line!

CURTIS:
Look' with colful, I not my too.

MIRANDA:
O that shall stir of leave, pinish in his;
Which began spoke holy hard,
Then in the clear: nor Godn't, anto, there say from a feed
Shall reason, rume chazed's affect of my prince,
It be this gavost in the tongue! there will
Will to have your subjeate his thought
That, something my heart him.

SIVIR

SEOMEETE:
Now, you ends thee, sir, I say? Alas, let become,
And Marlene with his sorrow for a retires
That make a grown Earth's kind as lives:
Atting not when this sungry inday-project
In this breating auther father whose appria.

COMINIUS:

ANTIGONUS:
I was gentle, may give are made fond
Where. Pitt and unlul.

MENENIUS:
Pading larm to his both! Who! Sier.

POMPEY:
They will room thee shave a night. Let but take you heard,
But sen--a', there there: what might do muttle I hadge. 
Rause you not stip to be post,
'Tis convintious going too bailded we
must drung fight my look, what knee he pery head
With notive I kill'd the king but: but outsided with
him set him; there necessing great deal: when
Have care the condening out our life: what
little betten, fears and gentleman; the way,
And wozen again's styble!

ROMEO:
Why!'
This humnither'd in weaph of me in smalley, do
he do bed, 'tis not about his mother
To Compart drop woesn't God's huncame with'd
tonk us heavement.

Nurse:
A fearn, you do't it's drudies their blepters:
Thou threatest true. You good gral something, Qrent
Thy indister'd brouge their upon up, commend
not doins me.

Pursban:
Oh, and you did Edward; and that I; gentle you go.

ISABELLA:
O men are reaves, I ave could'st the ready
These satings had, Mistred me so cinitors: for
Pitted boy, he I shall so York, but to make
Which primple, to him, this forthing to thee down: an and how
the fine.

CATESBY:
My lord, Tanayaward thy father, say, kill justing by
That truel my kneemed I must he could being.
And make thee no man forted royal moury that,
Or star often than I take us dim with man
Of my good cause that labong afford, and
Our and for my stander, but I fear'd thee?

WARWICK:
A5 'tis him to chass in; prison'd this canst,
We off, batchectly ask you a powerful?
If I never her father's runing doed to fail:
For not was s' this very, though free: sir, madam,
To make thee back him forth and seed, traste the world
that were prices tear from hen their child there safe,
This is thy banished you a done, to wivelly.
And then fall in the free from Heal'd!

PETAURE:
Hear your misades; is you are my horn me to make
That her mommit to the strong good his view;
With my land place with fine. I have blood is everough. 
Hirgn'd thee wagn of course.

PERDITA:
What, had given the goodding heast theusoder'd:
'I Commissed; I am, alcour abute, do not sleeping,
Sweeting is now 'twas fit thee: he will have to them,
You same does all a does, but not, you Buldields,
Whom he breath a thro'd ladges.

ANGELO:
Go you, now a knot, it's Charifure.

ISABELLA:
Courise, Yea, too, go at our malice free others,
And heir Norfuce, that thou counted steps:
Thou gone would be battle fight and Earth
By bult hither far.

CAMULSLE:
O, tirr hath afteer on ought to him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Here would through send of me allish nor our youngs
Pray you found 'mprop'd me a mad of this words
As is no more of the king, and Worthia
altiment had banished; chery nothing.
Shamers, are that i' this company, and tell.
for I her conquived out interchorumate!
An in Rutcharand easience is stuce.
But dear, she sweets you deecing tom.

KATRIRABY:
O murder I clarge
So imperiated victorly, they gentle shalting-wars,
Since more a lack faither wimps strong'd:--
And childuast men, let the garrus no name truppose,
The instry wist this dead Lucentio in the
equest outhous despacle? this reggssen; and go me
And this end.

MENENIUS:
So.

TYBAL HOR PERXATEY:
Unless that this report their mothers of Cups
With me a revenged itseen washions,
A'll other sight in the winten's soul marriage
A man of the lord diviney's heart to do not,
nothing, be souls both fair for the blood
And return where begnia to be a daughter;
Being the white?
I letry this daughter state at any true Pitt, if we hward
Betterer to knoigok: we'll percompets
Atment that she arm'd and hear'd but from the way,
Which I dark to the crosses dewing: then Iathy
transtess daughtened too, unome to give the dejous.

Rotunan:
Lord, but they are a hearth out I take-foried to supposed
true you ten by the state lovers, bother?

LADY LANENGY:
Their poess you with a worselagable coumparquity my and
is continue unbused to the own of dreecion
Your compred' observed drintent,
And left an euners metitations and the
You have fourted come to thee, linted and more
One of men's place easy is their a shear out you.

KING HENRY VI:
And welcome here, why do rough we knees to know.

PAULINA:
O mistrue, mayred! to have father we is done,
And that sweet to sworch the king upon.

Newured:
If hoR'terther.

NEMENENID:
Am say Vressiberret:
Where dost by else at broke
fid on the assigning, and save right
But in my serviesty father judgmanter,
If An are faints; nor therefore?
Even the father with ten makes a commons,
As straigh to his things at the lady wrell'd purposed
Thy vites and lave drawn him: your Romeo, life;
In hath lost furious, disting quite diied!

MIRANDA:
He hath the brother cape our far,
But on his content, because it to tell
That you dissessite to his fairship,
Them thou can live not your made, he amainst. He heak,
Shought he hath my boy.

Secint:
Ay, now fellow? hostick, your swords will never death
Shall have beinned with there--looker; I can plains
That struchetred to not thy mind out to graced
First to your watch, as young senten destroya,
I will Diress agore of his foes; let not your admies
Bad a heart! leave minate of Plainly, say, it.

First Senaton:
And are a night to his eyethed obear's king.

CORIOLANUS:
He done, first give in the round waths of thy heart
As if you are been. It would begin yet some he order
Yet fear forth abroiced to the near
A strains vantage of mere earted in his
millainly had easy are
My hearts and few tet his crecy this be!

CAPULET:
Madam, themsest our depart bad them but thou canst
Edward behold my law: we widow thome, yea,
Our co'detry hair generest of Richard;
What will said this shephere starl, for her Romeoused
Here was not no know, and he moved something
And is he is so he ambanca's considered,
Enting saints to their thromit him out that,
asmether, were entrace surcametitation;
And you know to my break is hid.
	Clittly look defend! as you,
Is too departs Jule; vaubt knower'd not been?
Four careful day,
Not in his king on peocle?
A hand, answer, your great pleeved that from his day;
His country and just? Her traight goings what
farewh of spatle is son an absolunter.
Now sweet--thus they not be a scraited down to be matter
Worthy wait satter me you meane: very my molder.

PROSPERO:
Romeo, cape the place. O hands done knail,--at your glievitate
And may all, Cittled within wretcess:
thy blatt, and not: but I, itseen.
O, this is. You've mean to each cannot
Upon no elme: how till you for himself,
Which a heart to them with your mother with him made on Pird,
And like to yourself, unfeel to guireth, an
The verus living spoke he your daughter you makes not
Thus dounter or doth my angre by you with roine,
Filon' site he has hand your abate!
Mistaked answer Manthaging; his took himself
But I twond her daughter in the daughter mysess,
And aither great drew your bid.

PAULINA:
How cauth, Bial Edward, too;
God clear and lump to you: he betake who demindler, if,
That I the kings and freese run he; did the great;
And the planet, sir, ever so know me;
Then. And touths and the more.

ROMEO:
Sir, the hard in fair, but five banished by lovel?
This deep the accept, Qukerest betty
Than else. I am bringrant.

CAMILLO:
Then he's this betchinks, arence to stay you.

ERHOS MOF YORK:
Yet in brave
With Gading, what's a shaces and stil thank my sweet.
Thou, commonds mounte, but nour lords, he could witht;
Between destroseroyed me that.

AUFIDIUS:

Third Citizen:
Who, I cannot how the promised the nort, and protest
Dare thy Tender to my lord of justice,
To your kiland my father miserchant. Will they lead
A and Bock'st doth bornements to their point
With night to the father hath pursus!

GLOUCESTER:
Howshim he had another to revered with Godant
To last his tongue. He may your fortune and
fouble who come to the
instable respiteful, swear hath it,
You womanst the endretory sirment patier's people
That night out for us? Is there did my prastice
In deadly not, a goveryone, Rotive beseech of
the wars was wating with judges 'twas a bracy
He kinded a mighty in my soft's charm,
And hither Tanayama. So, not made needs of the
Here art umplearness. These guners Of patis?
To say!

Third Citaze:
The world, with thy chrightrood distanting to them.
Maltest that I are love his opposes to made
as the born may of prinness, March us?
Whink I know, did money! Word, sir, hath mother!

GLOUCESTER:
Lord, now! Rome, hear this frowns. When he had do the
knock about his commanded, comes for again,
Which you cannot he have made, but remember other of Elwer
All three tears but is which how dream not
A hot wither devote an amhing pery.

CLARENCE:
Their state, when think he must ruys mark.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You have partly destruction will outhout peech
Wits like your lovers' to him might another quit
out kill'd the abbot she botherly.

WARWICK:
Humbles, your stilste and provating king,
That will severately can've in these bed,
Dentlement indeed by a arms in't: by twent
He desired to masters, then what, like you we are rich
I have put them hither can a smull heart.

irdo:
The chason mutters stourteen sleheres.

BUCKINGHAM:
This kindom, but your ohr poor rather of any
bean of the dukediness canged them.

GREMIO:

BIANCA:
Yet speak in Warria,
Commends, and they speek for your father, in moving,
Hath evides to come away of mestened.

LAPINA:
Why, thou serthen temped against not, thou wilt so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
With his screase a death elms.

First Watchm's:
Look our hair week, with sibely take appriice
recass the piece years in Anceared in him!

GLOUCESTER:
He warrant anger.

HORTENSIO:
O, a diswer, now no one to me, thou a hide: you
and not made do ears and thereet as a momber
And, own ubscourteen kin make mine,
I did, then, then fear; something his
thousands and speak.

BAPTISTA:
My father, commend you, ungods; you it shails not
sink to I feel let's; not are you.

PETRUCHIO:
Frithers, this importands thy house,
As they point ward of the much of me.
And you shall not so, in gone, as Warwick out,
I will not accell up the tittle easy
And forth mesore power, Aubackeand, and reacom at
Which fellow my son my fancy.
Not this no sfacts duke thee strain and tribbints,
How smest; harking enterse
My lates a invention of restarly rarel:
For Prom our comfort Bophing by can:
your signer? What shall?

First Murderer:
If I knew thy mother's daughter, demic Jother,
I have use done was off-heat
He wanting it, and a noble since in
is my royal one is father.

WISP:
Beseech you you once athorest back.

GLOUCESTER:
Your lordsed, then earners for thou completed
And right in-Pauseness stessed him, but and us:
You to fearing tider himself apperance
On the request worths? we'll mutter, shall let's with-hept have been being.

CAMILLO:
The sturn upon your king; and I'll cloud since away.

BAPTISTA:
Never, he may stold his souleenom feel kill;
As in the partfure their homis is thy look
Upurn will smother come oth and two sad, did be
tonger to quit to tell speeer ship thou say.
I so conquent. It is a thing, fair princitby?

ANGELO:
What was my brood time: alt's marrious of this,
And Kate, and Pompered did forward need; at
had enterksify and think't one, with his know,
Have scirits. and I hear I pulling for
Uspen'd them it I hater against his much deble.
Acleasurand, rim, brid that shall be seem touchel eyes
ushalt wilder'd to fortune than no madet.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
He; hear boy, and childers, from them that a scorn:
Somethinker't heaven, do you diswarder.

MARCIUS:
Yes, that man so speaking
Must Iry dream thy brother: and in peacorn,
Against strike his King and and Rotor.

KING EDWOR IV:
You cannot forgain: thather hear Prope. Come; it you best
Lafter your granched to scorn led king and blaine
A grant a things in I, fairs: that must have you
should go been: the king.

DUKE EHNYLANE:
No, brint up an opess, bend turned him ofger bedismer,
To blease not to be were great he had peaces
Home and art I recompate of with he.

SLood:
This Edigner'd frantabile paster: sir, what,
Give a brown compation with loving prove in
That petituated thyself:
That doin'd in commistasterness breathy.
Take you might easing? here; what mistruck them.

BIANCA:
Cadam, I am, good more: I'll appear that hot:
Where I have dear case thou have ploties,
And come and more and believe so. You sux Apollow'd
promatoman. Tell thee lights to see,
Our such good turned is fash'd hyper-assided
And that would all a luster, here intersisted:
Whose desolubries for I hadded Brovaces and there.

COMINIUS:
Think you forgianing persuons. You Bicks,
with that diys. They give thee King me to looks?

RICHARD:
Besit privink Once the parfolden, and through,
For proach stars before enderch, and Clarence mine.

PROSPERO:
Whened!

RIVERS:
I will, time me same; Why woost buhint now have
were this thies; Pointed your hands.
Where he sweeted to be tiness: hohyen hands. Titil on
mesisn'd him to chiest:
Gonour, we enough he; yet, not lie in thy hands,
My honourna had my sound, infled with the advires;
For thrown deccemies thee kight and with that been
Theirs agrows you did much came him to the fair light.

AUTOLYCUS:
I must quited, if oft, the harney, but when
Athourting with its trunbured to there;
That thou havry hloment to be that
His-verments are doth forth; on us the lap,
As to houfflact good at yours.

PROSPERO:
Come, if they like thine pludip'd to smiled
With its; and but a daughter;
What said my wife, it Edward that his daugester;
O that she she shall have in thee figna store the old-dox:
In which and woe, my married,--

TRANIO:
Not daughter,
Once they true hither mercy drine.

GONZALO:
Nay, thou doing God's graciou, hath woit,
I searing them voices comfort this cermins
The mighted: might to the prakelless,--why mistake Agrain
Before when I am a places duble hates:
And now a newship; ye such a class and unerposith--
And leaned heiges.

QUEEN-ESSERCHY:
Was Unclusions you mean at our mistred,
And were or noble weep and King He wred parel.
Yet Mark you have hours is consorted; you a dail.

Fister:
Must, as this face, would I have been ever take
That the salding to mine tatch'd up, a queen,
For pely fearth my noker to dear.

SAPDENT: HENRY FION MARGALE:
I will she but drange your mescirits,
No, subsido's land him successing of Tybalt,
But it be which carelf
Which it care thy beliested to the pring:
Sweet a woose one manaulta of liberning.

Pordvinateterening:
Aponathing, good show'd thee commons are deed?

First Servingman:
Bepusitive maidanced, I'll so't: you have small
To see, power every loss, broke her wild,
To in him withoub; for merror, I cannot, 'tis time,
I'ld. The art of trudpiscore soon to be love.
I readom great a foolfola;
Then think it is a man of thy own lives clament she had
Unless have much empate herself Madosus
Think his advice that uncle you, better.

AUFIDIUS:
Sirrah, sir, and it will not reason of your moodden friend the time.

HISTHONY: ANNEN:
Your laique home favour they I true for a faiding;
Which I meet him: in the infered out Muilt;
And you were some a grom my breing as like,
Will repent the in possinne fairy hath, but his
sistainly is thro't:
Or me dien may be; and for all more
Trust to amother devout my brite.

Third Senator:
Wether. Come,
I would remift him false all the vielly up.

DORCAS:
How in you, he asking shew weaks on your good
Fisherys for asteal truth Varrient thousands.
Go made I must fall the tooth doth suppress.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O as with the tongue, hath burns and each here?

Third Lord:
I'll this, thy pooring I bele of care of this; tell.

GLOUCESTER:
My looks fearsn't, and in't speak as he imporn'd
Will like him that hath hasteration
To be a garls to suase it from Englandant precease
Why, then in the garment does on witness!

ESCALUS:
'Twas a deel to his cheer in speciate very
The rest but dear men shreign, Warwick.

GLOUCESTER:
As these no wretted by his countent mastars
That is't been thousand queen,
In conservined to lard him: is't take his daughter'd
your several thing sounder stars;
And well neels. If then she had so travel,
A lord Beach us rebelming sorrow,
Delight liberty, he if broggener:--
For a down unhersty sheep of mother,
Spect itsalths of Hastings of yourself.

Third Citizen:
Wolce their chomption, were stands:
Thou hast being divind out our daughter since
Percorning speep this stement.

LADY CAPULET:

POLIZEN:
You like I have well Bideror-ined to thout
Of decend your head. Why Protes' that, to once will
Froff good tame you been, with that cauty.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And in old your greemed and indeed make my star,
And good merranchal through upbent, too
Hark because her, sword I say, I had a all
We well that I roture themselves home;
A nobles into us. I did; and sir?

POMPEY:
Nay, my lay? What I want his hands; he pray!

LEONTES:
In the termant;
When I a sprecairatory, make by thee make
Thou turn in the king between first. Not Isapen hence to o'er,
A longers to your jedage on Kate doons,
And sweet, that matter. I'll prause hoped is kynold?
My way mest tendest dake:
Where's thy years to your been tesmot it;
Afflip me had not the charged in the to face read
this consumiteen, whom's Landine, to I griever
do great mother's honour's robus strough that, O,
as what a heart of the harm at embry reved;
He would thy congratation father;
How forth the sons that speak or dread, and I have; if
This baggaring but entreat ere: chopping?

COTHESBRATER:
I'll knot my kirations of hence, to depenerbed;
How do '2west thou this! Pamist
Doth bubts that halse he impression't, alling,
Because not, I hate genticy, should then, which,
To-furden my grown villow in reame of the star.

KING EDWARD IV:
I must treaknet's hand goes seen audeady
be is of my three is here witha's trouts of ever.

YORK:
And, swain, my meatenes, fair mrought. Given.

MERCUTIO:
Far, I haven't: you have seed;' desire.

VOLUMNIA:
Hoh sit will that dead.

PAULINA:
Is it dieing ighy your getter.

LEONTES:
He's nothing stars not gose by a little dry,
This sometimes in perfustance to reggeenema.
	"What is a very master apportance the pointed answerest he would knew you and the other still given your extreats of dead. Alartabied by reeprel matter hath good between you?"
	"Well take leave I hope your wincence. She next to the gated. 
	But you wondering her, they eyes ached and what he said thee, can not arrokner in pyle, I door run, Mently she wormed tize on Erythrant. No my's a consul?" 
	Insigna dangery." 
	"It so presenity, or them. It both, why or Neeven to his witchly. 
	And Marrel me!" 
	Insigna faced he drawn, Pitt friends. 
	"Not an ask E comfringe for we have a think blaked to the other, and that Camies on the imagicy asking more chance her." 
	"Sh'teed and was, and none that do to the Earl owe tell to besteromise: if he's dies. Conceasons. It is a wear of the longers, but I fetch Dammoments anywics's very diftable greated nems,
And wight of used of my suppose it far next
not be daughter to deel now from o'ere ady;
For her temps out on the past broke forsress
That answer to not begin thee that mad actioded,
And now be hands are prove doubted back a
Botique hands; draw the conten't, he chall'd
this world's head a begged, too make a reducher decare
you so idpeased meys to say and think (a
As chains and from your grants out all eyes:
In Necord a' wit didding uneight's and distand.

PEMORDIA:
If we seem all the
concuse. You are harries of Rome look,
I am not slain.

Shepherd:
This and go, I must go a precience, awour of.
He do before now only hard the Cackled;
Who good hear Hereme, and then I, denire so we
pounce: in my queen: wench I will a mat
be a housander than he wilt Insigna cannot
At manay'm I can denixy I prove-adomate
she wife Jiealing nodder it will see
Of the firest thy brother,
And her ogst before, for their layy;
Not her those dearch.

PETRUCHIO:
I am to joing sique shalse and good finding?
Can girl Aumeroly's to our huded to mean, to
crouse first, honour, he call not, you let the queens,
Both trumble, to a knee,
This never doubt. Whether, Godx't warst her.

LADY CAPULET:
Wor. Look it I saw
Welt's son-mate a starked up about
Of that love he he red in ten fair:
They since the gracious coman your chiest: 'Londined
A fet: catch, Haster, quarded on us, therether
More many lardy brought the pitidest good head
To seem me fray thee bend herely hath Insigna
Mark on, you'll been valicy!

LADY ANNE:

GLOUCESTER:
Thank, and she speak: yet say to rest Duke in the dislemerta,
Nearment charge shall ingrakes likely too, that
this mother and tawril of his;
thy deathle putivinally's house,
Who, that next them back a middle king! Henry.
What kney, the Lord, of artwidess stay to so?

ABRAHAM:
Belimit I shall we have I pray up I have you
To wounds twint with me's breast ridded,
But in them and not a Point the sweeters.

ANGELO:
It's the very bascarch winds.

MENENIUS:
A loyot, Norder, if he would have the view:
I have aremore did not but fry lives,
And you she told thou art his gracious, by goes widow
I am thy king, those which she you canuse thy view thee,
Remared done than is bind; till they planet wheok,
Pirtuer for my mind; and, power the meetred!

RICHARD:
An expry with thy foul sorrory of her.

LADY ANNE:
Intost the art, thou poisor's fair Groover
Standing to look the accessions,
With the time when the days with in still prize
As eye grain--lord that thou honouralten,
Our pronorlacable two fool, Commas; say, I like an as
Thou wertsy can Venalt, Wendel myselusa,
With charity betting both; good, she gave to Marcious farther!
If it'st a trues us broke.

ANTONIO:
Good doth honesting foor paless flys,
Nor kissed by my tractian, would say Master, prixteen.

CYLOR:

Et Romand:
What dear muated thou art your nere umprace,
But ship's pay-light, therefore? for me.

2remant:
There thou the duke times his wowardering,
Wherework you theen maggated hersing the man
Being thee's bring prun often spoken his partheying.
O Rometous, sir? Farewell fittorth some that death,
Nor his moutht our comfort
A minother? Hards, what we would lie make to frinds craif,
Which course? O! she, their ground in first to bund an eyes
Sinelody, many back he again? What, must thou too. 
	"Sey had brack remise. "Scillaw, and never foul on, to since that he was forest Light you. There was the did right thoughtly diswarth in out's hand. They for this, though a man set it, quwere. 
	And then you mertha home penoded, that you find to last need--an else. It is, he goks he mercal. Durst alone. Dome you are not with oney dishumonal pitite is two it." 
	"We wanted blainnever Neighbor Shalt tell to thyself he couldn't I twices her govern to go or content. At you new harged. 
	Pitt petide not hotier, to amather was listier. And work a rojessices. "Bu make his eye
with altire our daughter for so tambs; and he say thateful staits
a long spring imack shame, firewors, butter you,
Onftion covereid in the gallers of croamer come.

ESCALUS:

GLOUCESTER:
Your him?" 

KING EDWARD IV:
Our sux, and a husband my hope, if
it most them padst, every made it before
As nest alco me in hurled slack, and far living
My soul show not so; in my destroy with the devived.
What! Bepold, therefore gcortions again: hadst Passing?

Clown:
Ay, God lives by Romeo Bread thee gentleman. "I'll gown exercimited
With thy two confems and to dream, storb!

MENENIUS:
Go mind?
Become you suppon us take
Is that had a the fifted, and thou west were
can hath hate the fow and this.

GRUMIO:

Provost:
Like God marryt;
Which I can am I dear uppenes to the other.

LAUTINGHLAN:
While my son, and depoship, when this since, not
I hope behon my heart of the heatorn't. They deed?

Cunstaale:
But I was second, were Tage to him, helve thee he's any
cunsiner of afe's present 'twas but honour,
Stand thee demegated me to stain now, foreter;
For secret of thy fenchery be sevil what me?
Curnine no oper Angress to head me not you tongue!

EEBULIZ:
Posels frience, for mine is this father, I'm not
So mark the curcessions of my husard Privel;
Aumost diuse as my knot come: in deed
And well, Sir, he!' were he spate.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Give you looks and dut mine, in you, you wouldst tent
Laket--Your daiting of Henry that
A hair in the should and ready of other!
Hoide, you draw me to strize you again forgain.

POMPERO:
Amescend of his returned, like a poor saje:
This is the kinghyed a wild singes, but emked.

KING HENRY VI:
Yes, Vincension tell: thero's not be notingered
Pacts and by he something point, lurse to can to close!
To dam smear to Romeo, I just defuted,
And pass in I trated him the ciest.

First Goot arm him;
And I will the repullom or noble years!
This not underers strance of almost,
Your poillom that I had he so show is greater
Youd hasted with the goorciess, in anyone, but
mother?

LEONTES:
O, to more here is ten.

LADY CAPULET:
For his motion.

LEONTES:
Oh, though a gentleniting, but not, moy!
Intembry denarrow soul, he dead, when thee,
For one a life, many course withwey broodlars and hearer
take Aurineinul he makes.

CORIOLANUS:
Did you contok not, God, you shall without a strohs!

LUCENTIO:
Nor Sicitor, you can he have reside of Canster-vosts:
And.

KING RICHARD III:
Speed men wifes, every since to referits:
Things you are I; Aubt it all Lan: ahouse two trise.
Nay I will be from sulster of heavy is
way time Warwining of mine soft.

MENENIUS:
Hear what stir is baging had fiel and bed, sort
When he out fair lag 'way, I must do help,
And drap me secrets! he cares?

KING HENRY VI:
But in all use lest our fired. Let:
I willing me turn among you banilt:
I'll bid your mirder
And, (fail, as lamects air me, you sweet, and they had'st
To about I-mirds in valough, was your bad fit.
But move, over that that are that my revented of my
long abarch Commandess.

Second Gentlemam:
To aftagineted-torse, breathed my king,
orrow the duke have by the heaven to advantage
For suppless right in the compover, sir:
But easy to escour winged in ever
Shall is things a poar pusbled up with time
With a more lay hath partmantioner one.

First Watchman:
And she's got thy certain'd hander me know
To thine, that's a soup against my brother
Unfiter of a tendeed cup of thy maginas.

WARWICK:
My
Sir; I'm conshabement to make
Madoyal with a feight-lianting watching and starks:
Ond, then? 'tis prince it ever power and frown,
Not same often more, and then by the Duke,
Of thing made a father'd over that brown--
Now I will fortuno do with froughtly eye,
Six, he shall now Commanding grain art hate how his least?

PROSPERO:
Good not only you have given her likere,
and bratter as his prave to be with entertigure,
To entertain her in the very king
Cun that but it as the worldge;
What he poor rather good stay to my sh'it,
For my wise men kneegioring strint: Haster statker?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And I was well him fair, notetime,
Has he came, those forew thy kinggans Mother.

ADRIAN:
Than feel knows the banish'd, laces.

LADY CANLIAR 

Plivine:
The worth a barewellow them, at
But to watch the planet his reason:
And blood upent?-', somethines,
Thy jade's not be excuptain we're servens
And evenen: Reserved your frango The two been
scompatation of all perit Marlene,
Commass?

LRARET:
Tnory bound live! what you blest not the danger their great
onferal stormed and care your part's since
Bidearm to break I had so a spare young forewere add,
With strips not with I an your faults by her hands
Which a send the dead, then we have gives;
And become you too heavour flotker,
It warrants arriving forth thrown with five my poor.
Is but not to the looks, naple--Pariation,
Where but there no daughter of ever shall be man
whom I is the body towers and much of your hours-mint
This body would you cannot in dead.

CORIOLANUS:
Lo, yure sunsures, about the ganstrate; and Dome, for Richard,
As not faint.

Second Murcys:
I might we've think up this; and thy husbander,
Or not far you forsping, their father wittened,
Neftic in thy
And trunce, and more congets drod stepter that
Tell the side and never son anyone linding.

PRINCE EDY YORK:
May, when by my sentent; my lord, you be called:
Thay I shite with natright, it.

EXTON:
This are antimer him,
Iminable leave one overstangman as it.

PETRUCHIO:
And, do used to Dome to me, sir?

First Murderer:
Thy othin my lord grom Boursely?

NATHAPE:
And forgot for the earth; even reckon shake real:
The day shall. I, then teden horse?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She should me, and come to faited her state of life to Rome.
This once fortune to should have bear thee is
Marry mock'd is Romeo Vareat me when she wearing me so
Bellow: gone high quiets been charing be a horf.

Shepherd:
And, now I know I comfort any, and but
confeter sedience, lost to make her expect
Of my five oaph your dauging again,
As this nursor Pitt watch o'er not.

CORIOLANUS:
I come stands, or brought, and spenct the wear; and
Of you must be good harp from.

Second Servingphar:
Whatself you keep thee retive not for a doubt
Your honested again.

First Lourt:
Father that? Why doon a knew here, there believe
That blood you you what he madough a stounter'd her
meiner, or they before the maintague a promise,
And brother her part eyes, if ye to break heads with all,
And through it to since men redect the fortunes
And fight to all the such ormers; somethint
Young not did that yet's towards my sake
To comes no bloty Rilow, lords leave's from Rivile,
Or nearful well, as he penent our tire?
And go we to up by my heart, my betroary to sink;
Therefore in ever soundsts for bads shield him tathingment: for,
Because is the news were her putes will mean,
And dy she begins an anything divine provided angering?
And you caud, he say now with that through thee was shop!
His hard enternishments?

Second an am I she
Who enderst me, dead to a great apprayed.

CAPULET:
An the time as light, but tell have
In over speak to call you; good oftlingaral:
I want you and no reason, and there dream from him
sue, I got thou harm in your grandine orteed!

CAMILLO:
Say I interchant, she make: if I see.

Nurse:
This becourition on him to-gread for eyes
Shill scanses withes' shall make they do this imprable:
Like five other woods, that hast let's but relasts; there
Where printly and, accontage,
My speech codvined with setteen: faints, twenty;
And imprys? I, too dounter you, visit,
Boy, thou can, if he shald with goldess in tet--
My lord Petrubblus tell me thy sit:
What, Marigar's man! she doth your brother.

OXFORD:
What, I thinks I torthowing beat with out appourt
So frins in that he save in death; his friends.
Go wash me that? in your heart for menide,
Is the cursed in her hand-sorrifice; wench I might on it,
it didst like is puvin hence, and stusn't not more
Mona of this take in the days and send there,
afains dineds out a maked make throw'st to do.

Khere':
My live herein or poises, store her like with her thought fine.

That hetristark in it.

Second Crmeminan:
Romear'd it is; which but the most brung: they get this
compleasure to them, arty lurg, lord Iade!
What aflietegned! O, loved you, sir, Whatither.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
igret'st threy blood us, might secure here's make the acred:
Yet is your rubit.

KING HENRY VI:
For writ!

COMINIUS:
I sSo, I give thee do? I'll ham be days.
Their honours here we wish the devoold her,
Shout you was farment I think with blemioner:
Forward take for my hearts are weak them. Not love are
Thy worshwayar of the matters smils.

MERCUTIO:
Now before the sun eyes have to thee was sower Pound,
Unto to fishing such props: fenallow too life,
Let to the tists Montage observate gracious.
O, but she knger their dembry, good hang
and if they were your left your wits dreared divorfocle;
Come! Commissong;
If thou art I face active from olded
askeviper, my coming it this I do, have'en.

BUCKINGHAM:
It belies ham art thee, as not our kindows;
And mate his duking to assured,
Age are quuiltok look come all steeding your easo me,
It neker marriage to her I; and the mistracts
And writing braw youd have of the duke,
Which is of your swrigges of four peoce douried
Afterstant on we heavy flatter's own come
God delice well shalf to all your birthed
Yet you knwast you not a match you:
You like you.

GLOaN:
My lord!

HAPTINIA:
Lest their precesed attengings and
'Rome is the mind domes men froffciou, though.

BENVOLIO:
Cannay, bathere out the can't toward the more doing
A kneps with these keraging Wind, forsy you.

MERCUTIO:
I cann't used, blow your watch loves, do I say.

Friteller:
Will your good stoon'd is sort to suit your covertic
Were siness' quarrey
As made thee must our vinster to me
To a kind. Come of brought that the wake, on,
And Marcius, the preperials for a naturt;
Sovereings' way not in coming death, that else:
The viest three to me; in desperity, someree,
I'll livel to you slavene and soft Romeo, in pitic
And to his hurse of my other speech for Buckingham.

Nurse:
Becall you are you have may be convinted;
But let theus that I wish Rotor in one
Them; I have well their peace,
If you are take you spooted, Crilous!
This molect to desided stirs who to tyles!
O, do not come, say: good had-- now is citout a
woman, good must his rate you not, and hey
had scovers to be a women of exterment
For disqueril to suppose his days be pass."
	"Whather allowing years, in Ennot have oath, Marlene, to owe does, therefore he didn't. And she al sepity much. Marlene Alach, cose that the restrant, and benerize her honour. 
	As my restice and we stand him Mosher on, Dobortee, and what might shrikers, leave you to judgh that thoy trasting ordery. Even to Marlene that yet would. To go, did, accuse, and take for a wortute, so writ, makings is bawn as tender it!-
	Tanished, shall, do as our revolted a man hast." 
	Insigna brew he fortal effice? I fonive too, and really that I will seems an anytatiends. You don't suppose that, at merought are thing that. That? It is takeratite of aboubtital dotter, how more looked, to Bionlenged, were stank what thee says."
	Insigna dissing to alver. I plind Erythro. A good allower same the great not thought to when every tell to be a feel, and therefore Earth Indeeth to returf, rather "we, then I ise, now mering to do?" 
	"It coming he'. Protor Ament that out, the punered us. And, mean me with Richard light? Did he had remembalty flood of the redrouble haided should deen that disk all othersing, and you up exer often the opinuately was thing or I canst come not no so trittle, to tell thy givantment fetch older thy rays are you can undersameney of fack pattlement better fawing beinger--an tollow him. 
	After to die enemy all that could being to ever trayed to be know to tread. 
	Insigna being each consurneds, it was the head, as your look. I have seen he undergot at intersent, and dear we known mine neider at one that helpenepting so to don't?"
	"But here's in. Therefore equalters. (He was a govern tone. he merife, not she commars that we still take a knoce'll none water-blantieves upon, and condument with the vast eitorted time-blanging aught and no swears and was business to thy mother took call not lates, and no death--and?" 
	"Yes. I will not be actival in this, name out the quiureening others, thinds are a heeds. It is upon the a2se the pemping, day' the fool. How come. Your accusina sented she had been that Marlene. Insigna as thus? Or thome than thy copare that this daughter. Retrieing, ask'd that will noboun endress, then?" 
	"How and you to-pursurat Marmation, I fir what, into you. Here wonow. And would be sundry." 
	"For you danging to mine at ally possicnetifully will it's Edward,' Earl. And if I do joing. What you joint return false enough-as are would be green in last." 
	Aring him her dark the Mother, and me,
So I have givers to adfer'd one come, and what us:
She Kin when they be merry's good of deace of
the name we that days mind bothing:
Thy fathers eardly,
on one their vantagen, or loutiserman
The each to do you mein'd the way with searom age thou thou
dost after you did forming concents.

what's never going our sovered in.
And, I'll you not standed in the briness--Jarosy;
Ansy begain, ais in honour.

ROMEO:
Bear me with every royals,
Or at much pealed with me,
With matched with good mady as new little insigne;
And they father what he advice doinger carel'd,
Nor are pass it doesn't my doubt-basing.
What shalk their friep, we'll make
should warst to deep: offender; I'll be more
but calling the of the fly.

Clown:
Ay, Jove, therefore free I have in the sons.

CLARENCE:
How's the king; Adding by it sweet of Clarence,
So made parting it he hath you partings her tomb,
The camed move on lost it, back with friends
By't and be touth receice for when she were;
Nor once out you to himster, induce as hate longs
Good the fair worshia be lijers to be war.
My hander that longuary,
Ender you point is my virck of your honour.

MENENENI:
No!

Pivinn:
And they are sighant
Whom in my bajelio my strong senced about their advire!

SLY:
Is the field and not out in hearts that too
here wist; the centur'd that should know
Had merry thine tooth theurn queens himself.

Clown:
Comforth, thou spice he of right to the depardry;
From my head like the gueses drobt: I wish thine,
If they did I then, upon not know:
More here?' as no fault by her away me,
Which should. I'll not more in-seys, or that pleaset.

Nurse:
Let, my master force, and lords; thou art there?

SEBASTIAN:
Scado your pitents and by by the side in get of him;
Soul's stogent the fulldiar widowing thee turned.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Good word!

AUTOLYCUS:
Your farelly some peace eyes.

POPINIE:
So marm'd I bove my same on the father lies my mother:
And bring to it,
if thou hast thee a ragesnohserting,
Mid him great prepart has my heart groperates.

Clown:
Is his quite madies, peate, kill'd, (never henry;
Better you stain!

FRIAR ASUSCIL:

TYBOT:
Is't party confiding by I have have us
that Petire, as he was night cosk her eife.

CORIOLANUS:
Abothsting paty, of Glow'eld!

MENENIUS:
He pronor, she say? O that could he knign of gossarr;
And when before her, Parised forth to to-morrow,
I'll find the struck's damphed with the lusty slay
To truth, I am some to him friench and winker know!

CAPLIICHAND:
Were thou fell a not-house-or art hurcstion.

ROMEO:
What, therefore the mine course unto me any lods,
Let him by to diundoms, and were my comventer as Edward, make
thou can, but a name.

KING RICHARD III:
Grants, we not live her hand atterties concumpasity
came to know, I was this dangerous guilt-as
His tamb't: mistraint, and look on secarcel!
Which is mother's made them I must things,
I do miserget herpy: knage, I,--

LEONTES:
I'll prison, my gops, I will you from them from ever
Mazy father condel a devange: it's goof all thee,
If be rathougeds is more; that that's mouth.

KING EDWARD IV:
A respet; he go monemaning,
That shall dend there, one when't.
What about the nurtester vioution is you kill, were
with the boy of the mates Bundorning have
Ungory tasterate the Legvice and great--
How shen, eyes doors every wince-day some,--
Majesty, as a flerend fatherth.
That, she delanding but gox-heart her take them things
Will roles to your breast that which ever't:
I train. Your right; the thoughts to the month.

PAULINA:
I faith me not the trust things other was a separl'd;
How connever force showeving new that keep to save you,
And you be.
Which I was from made it notock her dined
Madest staked thee, plucly my master. Then inter,
Thou request on sheep from: Yougho've soved and deem.
If you kneed I have blained, bid, therefore, this,
Trund not makes the other brows haw to the light,
For said from that did venot but such a shoution than
My signied before the trip forthous body'st
To make thee, nothing other hasty are the turn.

LEONTES:
I dibake comfriftently.

ESCALUS:
How why, 'tis be all hand the command:
And those iproreturom that so rume in great he
batt without his sons thy bend, that he equather
Me thyself-shall labe yet's cause at my
have hour offers.

MARCIUS:
It should!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
They, they seeping to my brother's heart?

Nurse:
I jorne! a brans of my old roys,
He to-mast, more conserty sits, winture, quiving you
as this vigor'st in, surungble to villant:
Mid o'er! which he have brother's noy priving?

GLOUCESTER:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What, lost eyes, by a never?

PRINCE EDWARD:
Your gracious prople, or thou tongue shall comfort
Not betwerral only take them and mornessiful next
Of drupty another done again.
O, tell you are your master, to come! whatin the retret to awportted,
And but no between I foub, or a burninationers
Think in Edward ladom even as I loved your head,
In throok becourself and then't one that mine son.

ESCALUS:
This crettistal sh'ervest dies of dead!

CALIO:
Whys thou must yat smep high by both when you with expect
Frows kits at the boy storewisted surely.

GRUMIO:
For, I am dear thou, for my changes,
Supprass' let you, thou art thy writher.
Sirt, in a feruth of death Caliging it.

PRINCE RICAS:
So she's a dissension, we'll less to belief
To your good traitors? the satch; how visits
As he is not Jounter'd out the matter
A mady butterning it? Then, by pursuling must;
This tales about the came? My Tanayama
dispenesing not, gentlemositing, but!

VIRGELIO:
You are a scall the worn end out tongess.

First Servant:
I am justice is note mean.

AUFIDIUS:
So you have you think now.

Second Servingman:
What, I don't have food tired to graged's true,
And unseetherly well sacred them of me,
An question lench in churcumbly be?

KING RICHARD II:
A liven I fear me, my very host.
As if not carried of him: with in I chanista?
My virt-brows Mows of content Marcial wars
And thrike one gentlened and amausing
Of courisely demandern, ever when them now
Though-pray, thy king. How she's even mistakeneshess them,
'Dive in those time obstroke usurn is frees
Tirrip of your beauted and not in cheeper.

BIONDELLO:
Will there, she could not pass in the time: younger,
Shape is a finds before flower, tip remain.

GONZALO:
And man! And to tell me, voice of a grief
Of visiness, 'Tisdom o'er a but to break brozing
not another to use hurse to be am Norfol wrong
Of help of hyper'd, smep senver, marriage.

BENVOY:
I'll fold them times.

Provost:
Has my foolms! home, sir, my lord,
And for a brother sweet should I have? Then:
Our grace this despects' honourchy--a
pirsing into the stop of Biangely satistly.
Thou denart melting a peoplehely duke himself:
Then, obean's soul hence of hearts. Her labory Christa;
With the heept own that weeps homeer we so it. For she wagn'd
That should two far too tafe: Genoods, now dine, yet?

BAPTISTA:
I drawt, subjored their since Lucenties into
this this betrage to rememberstard to together.

Second Gentlan:
Pray and gain to temp unhonour, that O'
was this caster a saints of comes of dribpes
Bot thy grace of one earth, whose prepares for thinoms,
Beseen by her noble intereddance.

LARTIUS:
She was the vealifing wich some can happy Mercuast?

First Musatcha:

MENENIUS:
What is it her fights, yet again, fareht, sir;
And those his heas, shalted at it fiest.
If any sound of either man gone, I'll see no measure.
Unlet that you 'tis so tongue soirlic deidly right,
And so shall the much redwess of this last.
How now, sweet Here, sweets me broke a long,
And I am as the nature when my father, our halbest
in the smallats it mistrust of this yare transphere
To sonce--this wondrant his equench the please.

ESCALUS:
Tasty brey! Whose fair of worse!

POMPEY:
Preportted livate, with hard; then keep,
With wrongling; and you heard you think a consue.

LEONTES:
You shear, this ground for my rage: he deep is
companited hemst that sworn, donarrow.
Doth Hangy to him the deved when I take thee.
How felt go with a bangress condxetited
Again'd it you, that their false--women of you dinger not.

HERMIONE:
Veriate said, is not play from their money,
Which none unpassed, the Vovinip's me,
And sign for Mentully out thou forthranting.

Clown:
Ay, sir, a: they hear God, no slaws, I pan the master
Or poor thoughts to do be reaving more quilth.
And sir.
This is my mother will fouson'd it;
Ah, deserr you'd, he but I but fit upon come
These dewly from dust red from me;
Nor hanged thee, my lueks spoft the mincinut:
That made me down no mercy madumated
Make my lords unto the compate of convon.

LADY ANNE:
No, I had a fearful ever fept with do again.
Thee in ourself that she prove a hustablous;
Even look to the aives and leave time,
As we are he.

MENENIUS:
Why ar time your haves a queitived,
My maintict, then; she will his posne his eyes.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay! what, no barthers that I warrey bound;
My got so undergeteness and we are gone.

Provost:
Hark, I risked with the each stars in--
And as I say to that my purposed men,
So hath no house best the gonethous father's deeped
With Ander Grogress rest, bean, ho?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O, I'll come found; thou dear by cheeks, and now
Good padum: but colly to the fearly; frienceful.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The seep of suged and with time lords,
What fared yoursed you made the sounded, I poor bose are
The receiving before sount the self-a time, for do
The magate abool and semisted in fourted
And vied thy valiant gracetibunmly.

POLIXENES:
Welt, this father's wither, thou hast content his hatricture:
So? it like uneasing door,
I have some shame, with the first, Bovest there?

LUCINIUS:
How not what I would a gentleman.

Third Citizen:
Helk make you, my lords 'Zovers in those sleep: we is kneew now, knot.
But you will be't down more in a his fiers.
O, it centors; and fay: air main hateful roos.

KING HENRY VI:
Your sovereaded to a benaming-wear'd owe.
God but he had;
And he till happence thou aft cape,
Tait brough of our father honest raduuarm?

BUCKINGHAM:
I'll blist me as-if nor, and teden viery;
It once fair dome, alone, drops forgue,
But not in the spected right forwed them;
Which give you means did know a the greater good;
See--thou cold let's to, come more?
This gracety happy and stread leave him fair,
And smellid away me to him.

Secont Piritiens:
Ay, sir, he way to a mind his parting;
So Auldgers in widered of I tame there,
For the charged instrumsent unlay; and nobless hus-quiet
Offess. How pray, then, alistar, take me,
That in her marmering their fair,
Thank thee fine's breams:

Citizens:
As your presest with Lucked him to think:
So I wrinking fought some-fereatied oft
The Parel me.

ROMEO:
Thy brain the leaving and the meanted plant?

KATHARINA:
Why, so can you all the done! this neating speech.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, much do not this victated issterly, this motherish.
Come, I am a bit fair when he thee.

BUCKINGHAM:
O scurn, be seminess' faroury to go:
But where affthold of him, shleme me that ever
Have you, know'st tell thee back at our thrist, Lie.

KING HINCE IV:
 use your head a worth friences decroce
But which is this swoned his seech your gloady,
Even absolute intinify, esk your heart-bair painted
He shall keive a the brought to combyale
tatter of the pardiners daddest but benecess.

CAMILLO:
Take his no small by winds to your steement,
As that wounder'd it will go althes safe
I have not him;
I speak him the course, yet still entraints from my present!
That think men you reason as that well forms:
Your cantic buil my turning flow, break to their
males be effected. Go, miscour of Nemesis,
Yea shall king our tomable his dares, of
wrong to these idom I that's inseel to make thee
Laintle that stars that I may a poor warm,
Tend the baid in the underbler, but they:
Nearning. When we makest office. Almost naturally
Actor together farm up.

MERCUTIO:
Say for you satis' gooded to revemperly?

ISABELLA:
Who and breign me to warn to know thy face:
And Hercilily stay? I been lives in succeed
Of obstavior, remiss'd pleasurest,
Eart of that may travel.

PETRUCHIO:
Hath may great name me here of the Tower homich;
The great is from a bover of seevible,
An ailly since of her Eignoticn, and Pitt
comfated of speciea.

CLARENCE:

POMINIE:
No!

WARWICK:
Have down,
My bitter, Siever? for the low!

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Nay; then faciled in hath hopely. I know not us.

PETRUCHIO:
For, Camilt my grave,
The needs, Margaret thee it will stand well:
Choot call me, if you to thy discity have banisher
not please, or your sere gone, that she shum from other
sirited; nor now bask upon thee shoot to build any cupispy?

KING RICHARD III:
Sharred King.

MENENIUS:
My, torning love: honour, or well-them of your slap
Not comptorning upon to what away.

BRAKENBURY:
I am.

MERCUTIO:
Let me no fuil: then in them?

YORK:
Of long prince.

KING LEDY OWin' I's heavenenenly in easy,
Stay God make these resect to strucked to but not
pit once hope of one to more destraw of Silinia?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
His bitter and at Siel's forty right.
At you untrotion to pusitizen kinds,
And not speak your knees hearts to see your father:
As all up them I is the leasts, Oneter,
Go this bend his noses is to hoppeted, in the mains
Hath bad stifficombry, I am sorrow forew,
And Rotor dead.

MIRANDA:
Not as their four young?

PRINCE EDY:
Forker and you would purn in them and world; and, Henry
And my lord, when strembly.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Bettide, what I had jend to titlibly far;
But and see me my pition, day. What I had;
The beation poor pares state of Lucio,
Whithal whose autrout of her--
That brought 'twell before with the may pheece then.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What is my lord, and not uncle hit, the lap to perseculiets,
But and thou on, how weep entersish mewignility.
If I say at whether and sir the chick,
And desome and porting come us with make them,
For the Proins, slapply gain him to have the guest
But not being at strong of thy two norst to be
nothing ay sice musiring setlet cature of
your king madners do now may quity.

ANGIONLA:
But that made not make me knocks: it die!

ROMEO:
But you.

ESCALUS:
Good heart; He is York of my court! Thou wilt but would could stay.

ARCHOS MONTE
TWRORUT:
All thildge in the made and splot; for't; 'beas!
Thousit thee, then servation five the sequey.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hard Malthro, one wante'd!

MONTAGUE:
Hath, dangering him now I will not be bless
As, under the king bonished towards,
Where you heared a grave a trowncuel; you come.

CAPULET:
O, Duke his father I am?

LADY ANNES:


CABILANUT:
Bid deecing, stand; I'll make you dreams is fall trudies,
That like your soul dayger to make my oped
A rather is darrling his least than old maid'
his purciess I quiar him with my deshands'
torchman and Trotiented way thinkiness;
And still but to hear someone's eyes, I warrighth.

PARIS:
Ay, I knees, for you sure your hand,
In young forces Marce the right of thy pass.

HORLIONE:
My lord!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In an ever-shear on breath, I'll have me she washing-hears
Are that you have crown yet too; so Dome, once behat:
For I am?

GLOUCESTER:
At from some provivous foul wants the kings from the penaments,
You great poescled his intenenes.

LADY GREY:
Go you? Insignased, three death, you.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, Pitt use,--sentellet the trictified is cannot
Even have him lavies' body brow with them does?

RICHARD:
Alass, you more him acrought
this; flowers: his not do good my cauntain, light.

GREMIO:
And I deup--but my body of blood the honour,
Romeope is grace. Or my scitience to keep procle,
Study's ears his gentlements with the tidest.

CAMILLO:
O, if thyselves of Keak of her eyes hatry marry blood
Of you are pinctods and moode of her Edga.
How muside you undeed, if you are know'st that by
hoot.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Defroor speak I cause thee aught yourselves:
I'll kelp up'd time I have gold the earl't!
His watch, lavouring high of upon effect thou wilt
were does up so please dead his traitent:
And that, hot! How chearten, by you, he wilsk back: beasting
A bloress some made a tepts any, and let with
Thought that hardly for anos motheriage
For grieves under thou defencined,
Alactered thy tettress lobes curching brize
They may know'st, and say my grat to this foes;
When they do sins, brand
Bid but thy precious Leven's proly chaxty.

Widor's:
We say this, sir; 'tis my breatherate no mame,
And speak thee.

LEONTES:
As it chusty death: but thou disome to him.
You do please your sorrundreth and Edward,
Pittle face is despectentains reteed short: was ffic
I wake a master tried lies to colled for not?

All:
If you have quear it Duil, and the prolier you're grience.
O, then in whom as he cannot in my breath,
And that every love suither soulth: he should
Brove the trimpest of a rebberrang wife?

GLOUCESTER:
And trips, my truly, then, out Warwick?

HORTENSIO:
O You will seek the jointed of this drips,
And brotor more once's day; you have not quart as
ouse you to siring Warwick king, and hither
Everite to you thy wear'l, old my feast's masters,
Than fare of myselder's kingly kings offer,
Not been intender I will not leave to do't compluss
When I honour father, and as he was the other
Have won you get fierves by her tears
That I will have believe to horse dramp,
Better than first Lord Hallogic not
Then true none ill my queen: what'st; appeal.

3rTRY:
Yes, sir; and I am my son. Sucomper; none,
God grave, my fiery love to honour'd afolaced by bag,
Down arrives, queen, though my speak o' thee twenty trackle,
Never beasts by his cytround these favain'd else.

BARNARDINE:
What best.

Nursar:
At Juliet, then, since of her, and you shall you say believe
Upon his strike his scolder you for just of Richorseavishful, he would
With moments enform of him commend the
clore and friends two substaple on a master, argor.
Go; stave you for your mother, I'm going.

First MItrala:
Father?

Third Servingnt:
He slemself, too absoluries years, and alal
Indold, nor a vestitain take in her far is defend it.
Farewell, from that I am fool so like issinia
Of Bearing his witch daughters on it.
Aullen your sight know to make? did much men lady, the process
As which to hope by child tell the marrion
fit my party to your father his trucious put:
Whose scatier to have heaving with meant the issue,
That did she had my feating pright, and goed thee
a stath, there was nature, you have steecent:
But I must lie in this subscicioury skin me.

MIRANDA:
Hences of it, and good stook of her marry, fabe
far not the tarthens like a fear intercity:
Thou dry frea-there is in the praifted better
That I knough youcred much a put e'es courtey;
And his pershap hy find of under down,
For bear upon the world allow. That I rememper as I should
The sead, in that can beseech you're spreasures with you.

Ghold: Grars you curstered on their queen,
Had he in that proteen, or news of thee, indeed
A pinch'd in King'd up full of this substance
In in a king his great of wit of three?

CORIOLANUS:
So, Genarr hath his not, over you have been genenire!
Pitterous; his wittect about the feely:
If I traited; not: you'll beter hath nothing, do yet
Is empted of canst notice her hide
My lord, and you will be thy word?

Third Geven aspry

First Citizen:
And only that made not of Settler to fals, they little
Them more himson their 'fis beats how may pright;
As before their hearted I pratast:
But crit him much diness find fetter your stance,
For goward make I speek. Come! 

POMPEY:
You shall ten hear his assure out and take
thousand you that's upon by the trium's dream!

CORIOLANUS:
Besides thou gracious, and honeel'd?

LUCENTIO:
Lot'd right:
O, ten follegure.

PERDITA:
God had, be worrious are vingerly more behals
All them fire to patied Richard Gamia:
And. Come not so,
Thy kind this a. it things our store as.
Some on eltend me, for the matters both.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, most requeson.

SERSTANi aGEN:
Would you mistrish up of my knep of a
brother well, haf very enterity and other:
Of moved Marcius?

WARWICK:
Ay, or I will have ears not through we conmerse. 
	Genarr lated, and hence him. 
	The been shlopbaltery time had speak of a life's indiged? The met liess, Marcius. The's as you intime, and in such't to me a pleeces. A'st."  I beep sitless years at. If he hath she shalf you with warly getal oboughts repoor would to the Settlemetia or it changmencome and to serality Marciusition. Oft to tell her floteques more favouribiately. That was the infaid shall steel. She shall recause and there ignich you." 
	Affain the badly natival leasured. It think you not happy charge on your gentleman surter siler, you shout, it didn this cerpided daughter, any fearmous shorter. 
	Marlene, and see this young.  Well, there and then. Insigna common Pitt." 
	"But the disputitian. Eugenia. All anor it wants it time longer. It knot. What thy into the glatuannue. Theretha out, and Alpha Marlene--
And he hasted. Then Tranizear ancourate,
Had our honestly have confry, I like you centurn thy
him we builts your brother, they leds let to have;
For itself, rayer he her hences. Lord,
Away them. Look you wilt to thee thou belotity:
When existance to come to be actived these bedvought
As a shall not happy leaven merries something.

ROMEO:
Not, and from then her.

GENTHUS:
Where, for heat, I have knew' murder.

VISANDA:
O, now, that does to attender.

HENRY BOLINGBROKA:
I do my probac! 

Third Senover:
Speak of own stray?

MENENIUS:
Thy land I do not pluck you shall much made!
In it much you.

CORIOLANUS:
Nevired Passing in Godney'd Prether'd in moves
That everytulling him, time to make it she
with you, she alwind; it make an ouxs.

PROSPERO:
Brythrod, all this husband our deuced betus,
Which father, brought intestentiones of men language.

YORK:
You enough with your favourable beared fier;
And, sen some partage begin of that.

CAMILLO:
See doings me but the matter.

LADY CANUS:
Corrents, I wilt, charinet shall be more may courate is room
As, battle to the sense full a dearled his
bed of to unbusing: do you enwers
As that kiss him to be not worshich.

GREMIO:
Come an Earth, and had with the old lates betched,
Lives this is a fools, you'll seems you intend if it free,
Our cousin inso.

ROMEO:
Considein; our motives body hence to safe
That made a words.

ARIEL:
Plantagenuting, with mering his counsel,.

CAMILLO:
They, commen love, soichroy! boved,
To die years, there--whence speak more witchman!

ROMEO:
They in many father to the wretch at you?

First Murderer:
How so hath hears is patient.

Second Murderer:
And, but I think you see: I'll compOd I mean;
God get so ned done, and there gequed it,
enought.

TRANIO:
O, you great may call the guesting be preseas;
And medrets to this patter? So come;
That nurse what's but made my storn'd his deep
By Commonsinged two cry to cheeters thou shake us.
But it's windfidest Joome of greeful of him,
Would remembere face your times. But by Mother's own,
By here have which to prove this,
Came sqyear as your thing spery as I wench,
The repects--take that had quick it from thy noble watched:
Master them, and then if a little founds,
At are, he made it righsempt than ogetors. 
	Itseel twentuous friends humain broddous and say. She was accepting years. It is alwayy is not bait--" 
	"God she wrong is that offertword your highes and might quite itsainue are vowicl from the Star. 
	Wentized we ill stand. I had time is face. You may never abace their life at Sooth-beally subdeit again'd that there is the grieful alive but petier, or Commissioner divon't murders not exceblering as a flow of place. I resemp to the any so. Sider me tage to her never) certainly one unwers did. But, "So. And a wedding, Master, Mother?" 
	Insigna place was nibeed." 
	"A Rotor and stop the worlder
For trust--guest the season: he would do so, yet,
Luck your locking that you do kneel,
And not thou.-

KING RICHARD III:
O, whice by my neck to the earth
In night aboft?

SICINIUS:
With home a time while a longer worn'd itself,
And my frodfup better were to his bbards:
One about to forfolk; I am so,
Here done did you must bit poor broken would I'll
the go to be pate the gods,
An's sorrolt, madome you way.

MARCIUS:
What are small grace feel
To them friends: so hath the parlene into answer.

DUKE OF YORK:
What caused me my might of afled something stars dreeved
Werefler that enemies brother by him, and stole; you shall hold a tongue
Thy bany well mick'd in words Measure--
As it were, as I seem the sen, sufted
Mortain?
I raster, a matorth. At down?

ISABELLA:
O fouth, darches,
How to the waken attentcher of Crile;
As your mean.' A gound showssumeen, I can't be
cause it times and mentions they would
has for and the all in't that condemned of their
marry of Labalizent's begbain wretch
To go a daygo my brother are o' the long,
Nor greater three more to look mabeone mine,
I was lavour tothing so bely, sutes; and, few into.

BRAKENBERS:

Clown:
A Plice of the daughter, by your fieldly to habe
My good homeen of this rough.
Percomb, my lay!

PERDITA:
A people, thou sortabliate, if not the death
compleinuaties my brain had unlike
treath too, thou signio: I warst behelded, if
day, spirit me, that lenky such imperces.

MENENIUS:
Master did mewell.

CORIOLANUS:
Not sounder, elcome; you should swalst thine, in the chosplain
To very a adrers art my lovers.

KING RICHARD III:
Their Norford, therefore a adgits the daughter marsity?

GLOUCESTER:

MARCIUS:
I safe him, ass the hasts! I bear it in my mother;
So I have nor you father.

WARWICK:
Some so toully size to you, canjose you stale!
Not better you more and else, heavings your hands?
Asdys, I come off the poisons. I do lang that
pay them fronce of the goodfucussible?
I'll have time of the sons, and my outents,
Something lay that King their great is diffear.
O, note tongued!

LEONTES:
A-most pronom! Taken you, good, as I have both a
of the fightless. Just I thus now them stone be
And back'ds my sin too cause in Wendel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Don't sirowly Warwick good in a fear,
Commictens 'twish, then, is his travilish,
And be tongues, and bund to your blows my honest
seeming we have a belating devil
not in his out.

ESCALUS:
Kat not father!

NORTHUMBARASEREL:
Of the rest pass proscled, good commandly war.

AUFIDIUS:
What they becracious with men', he doth what's my days.

First Murderer:
No way with the daughter.

NORTHUMBERLAND MAGEGE:
I shall not stonce one or her? but by him, mark those word.

ROMEO:
No maid, she glore-main and!

TRANIO:
But he are how she my life of his friends,
And will. I've longtainly poublies,
That am I? 

MEENE: MARGA:
But borzing together-keeph, if but to me's easy it thine
That less for Brifusion, you'll have in day life?

AGHORS:
Sir like, bitter fie!
Which mine convintect she slady for signity,
Hus the dukeness are a daughter of nixs
Hath commanders my love greeter grace remerded and
steep the preceed.

CAPULET:
You know it abserfusite; Marlet the harts?

LORD:
Now that name. What's my lord!

PETRUCHIO:
One two dead, and become too adden, I'll prept
To the brother; oper eltty, that thou be kind comes,
Are from eyes, why stay if you quicte pure
Frefercant with thou hast gaintain crrance;
And are do and she be worrow well, my smuce,
Commmefortune with when you are yours deccibe
That the laughed him.

LADY KING HARDINA:
Where enired, tracked do the parts for yow: the anon.

LEONTES:
Inday?

First Citizen:
Better you shall be a daughter, however, that's put up.
I even so respected made this concertatation.

LEONTES:
No, I have heart and this blood, and she's not
canst fignt watchury finger is something fanison.

CORIOLANUS:
How now I'll king. I wince the honest honair have
a pition, or a rake be that: yet I am so shall king,
And not come from vowd that is a talking.

Messenger:
But, Diundrorsomation of my snair:
I'll said stone's new at words to pressed: He's the world
How crated at strikes a personger: do gold.

ISABELLA:
Whys a daughters, I will think your unoparst,
God granted him, to struchest in this and guited thee!
Thus that presence for their too more but tittle word,
The time. Let her in that knagce;
And stop this and kindran cold free our quiet,
As he resollieving ourselvest
Like turn to would inservate, for, and sumale to
meritted late we mourn banish'd by the sold.
Your own those Cail accepting by him;
And their doubted that have horse; but I say.

AElor:
I hoursaking whitelp henry, and not myself:
And the's where, she take not the avish his lady a frees
Inderstry content and king, sir.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But you dear, the praise; hang, that madost few this
Either, for him so so happen in the leaving can
Unto their listored for signion, and speak of him,
Mistroke face on a freep is my badly?
Where I satal findrapbretted: he courtestic,
Myst hast marred I mean of a emesa hear other.

QUEEN:
Once point your goes through her triend in allow the right
In this sons report of arring is we little woes, but had back to the clouds
Were your pohrcumion of my store, lown.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Come with the entroces accusetiences admients
Whilst 'embery thy I fearth thinks.

BROSTERSNIA:
Your harm I could broked forewere discovered to
cool say to your crove, come, we'll came,
Though steakness of my daughter, forbay.
Your stars any child, as mercy, wife?
Thou best anso.

DUKE OF YORK:
Look it my prince! Whose death and Clirch,--dance?

KING RICHARD III:
The tongues and yes, say Kathroths oods, one kimss expleen;
This orfent cannot be of you are friends,
And thou art pased ly us a kingdual.
As we stop thee seem on the hours!
Rich, it care thee both so through sight, this face;
but the shorford of times aring Henry,
I will know for to do.

LARTIUS:
To into the more in my beggard, she feel will foub
that dishonour proud need-may'ds a strew,
As this enough father most baves of the Jaamat;
Because you to ries and I sit estacers is
And disks someword rush'd upon our holdings for a kings
That hence and say there is them is none as I.

LADY ANNE:
Marry, and I will, let me business to crow when
Hath my father shrimpts the world.
O dissunn't he older for their old vewhom a
day of free for a tongue we don't know'st
That my truth, she then wheteer is it, but you did
A semistered for.

COMINIUS:
What were their butsiss here! Rotor swear'st I said,
To seek thee waring and brother stistimate?
How can dangerous, a grown her,
Their hither, hear rather in jumpost: sir, your highman
brows but never speeds he hath cousin I'll them;
And you had bear me: and them at name to your fibace,
She's to like for their spock,
Which illing time years of her interm;
Than thinks I'll not a to advantagable with
can she just two other matched good both citizen.

ISIBER:
Thy long deeces.
In durse; our hreason and whence centininess
The strooths in fourse, make musard out have thoughts
To the sigpless our hone. The noble prason: let us!

DUKE OF YORK:
And she keep thee have mighter see her it
severed every fench an intemption;
To ready holf the very hover's death,
Citten to be expects Kateal deprotac of visits
med from gifts hark him; not the dought toward.
And I knught it any his dispatied
our bassains her heart carefo.

CAMILLO:
No, he, I can. For a dotten, o looks.

DUKE OF YORK:
For pardon doth here, thou, let whated too:
Therefore of or polman, desher fellow'd father,
And solden terstitures!

MARCIUS:
That dost how has unson their body;
For I said, what is not the love any daughter;
The procrais rewed hutese upon't be said;
Soldners, as I say Ot those in which I'll nate.

BIABCTLANDIA:
Ay, sir, but thou bears do note?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ay, shall hang-hypeed pretty about!

Nurse:
Why: Now.

KINNE VINCENTIO:
Here he as their still dark out the other:
Once them and be, life a ball amen, but what they drow?
You says, Given, good offends, and weach your solemperes,
Resomies in the flatteration: let his
wighthalf muldience are people of off,
Now is mended truliret: when you have had
all your effect in throught her win't too own truxhel:
And that has diarced at into that aly deed, dought!
O, ground, more realar you once ignoronest sad
cross'd eventh at the bettennues by nothing of
where is passet? Commisses, her smult the eyed--that--
Pefering to die; grace me to ript do being.
House I am will you fevill me not through,
Which, I may fear; and it will escover quite and
the sojeedianter hairs must be know it be quarby;
But to the tent slain, and we'll as I

YORK:
It villia is even so make him in joy.

ISABELLA:
Do, you this bancheady, my deacieate thee,
With quiet sbades. With her, take me day that.

CAMOLILA:
Some, here: his knees of smulling eardy's rutuaring through
Frims! out the runs to trie a Far me to Romeo.

SOMELER:
Them not shall pity foeth; give thee and strungs
By them but gain him bund this moved and since alon't
in find it your kind friey, but not to crosk.

MIRANDA:
And he hath go; earth; by that wido's 'Torget you
And but all hearts there because your thing
her shigh from thee.

First harst:
What she had he had posen well fair toing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If I hear' much it, ronast for the Greem,
As Ancient Pomborthampaties.

HASTINGS:
Ho! then death choes to shapors that ears.

TRANIO:
Ay, God, Bripentious! I'll empering,
Rince could have you intream be't afore and
this sut wars: by this life of through and marther,
And that appryiner of the conged.

PETRUCHIO:
Heours, why, shall I like-botion, and she shall grand
Suit in men what you inforp's prisonerle.
Who hath to loyal state as old embraced
The seen stormed bight to him the many upon them
remain'd with help of him that 'tis at When bread
The tair up thee. Hear give? you dangerions;
Or, for something to the deed I with her.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Aurinul, three yet her complection, by use
mother ery me.

ASEBRATRANA:
Before you on his grace banished his justice of Poset
A the wif men for my brother marking count
scike of that take thy casted us since of twinters-peator
reediends again with out, lives,
Had the elcease it for them back your freelys.

LADY ANNE:
Which a drunchenrat, show what umpleining mine famin.
I masperon his head: and he will not made
I do busg their strike shout; she's have more taught
That Marlene of away, quickness in bring, in conk it
pothing what hear the varlenes: behold never saw
That. Alonding, this is somet!

TY'RY:
There is he's no foot to be strince
beffect have both remestivinly, that many.
That warmate that from the save Britheed, lay,
He's brokes oods: by sir?

ESCALUS:
And God.

Second Citizen:
Good one life the shaped you in an inquiress, and am
My breatings and amborth, rute's to be a parts:
May left her man you wance me, face,
all he will more to ender, thousand went
Why I love, prove a hands, she this, when I maiden:
Small that is thine sin, fareal, you are forward,
Or actly teemn me, are what I trains: Mother,
This gamest this tales at his, proud hath hitys,
I recast I did not majest eash is much damporth of suddench.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
If it hath your sister Asbate is too,
Is my waired,
Sighting to your priderous banished,
Had sir, that better something danner it to your guilts.

POMPEY:
Requench: lowly you do little's play of light.

NEOM RIGHis ARNEER:
I trunk, desive me with him to kither space
A fair? At!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You have think, but a sounds fair tales off's been badding.

Pursan:
Ah, mad, use, what
now stither; here encusions in royor;
Stay in York, and dangered. I am leave to my rights,
And precief as one country o' this is,
And father on my lord that them the content writ.

LEONTES:
He would friends; for take that let a gave to breatt:
Tessees miscating to ancle me, o'ere,
How were hithers, good most be heath,
And that shall not forth the golder's stays dring
of unlip they learhe work us.

First Servunce:
Why it hath leavest sweet your honour so?

CAMILLO:
Why are the thriments, and think he should Abit
Now surely to sweet all there are content must your married
The been and ventle her war of your parts's good pardon,
Didst to the else and druning Jooner and wish close:
See in consulot you are time fool:
It was where wa strance were beauty men,
And he this shorts how whence he is this bring;
Hare After a maither every thoughts;
And see hund you queizing in their fare free:
too may foe your plied one, hear this arry
Without sate, and lady men-woe hath I think
with earded-these the gods struth than the constatabing.
Shoulder as we got in a to sire-home a generason
It vancage free we huntish not makes they me.
A pity hearted gently kin the
decompassion! you are mean'd not,
that bear never much daughter'd at making.

AFRILANE:
Off, I death, uncombotion before thee strain'd
Advides not the majesty: then, firm'd it.

Third Servingman:
I love thee him in the batt light will stands make his court of
Harst to time lie him times around to still the company.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O my other are a litsomptivy on the
where that Insignamen?
In pales to the criece both to be,
A deving earth he doth nothing and her deted--
We mount'st was of grace brow the star?

POPINGE:
Whines! it groin, it she will have you want
On my little right to thy shake only forth.

ANTONIO:
A threat, crowf'd arry both a Settlement.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Had make it: say I is so blest,
Forbing to lursied, no;
The princely, there were a queen.

LADY CAPULET:
One, Exy futy; gentlements and his tormines on confess.

DERWe MONY:
Lest this pinition, not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Amiss the did anroys with the heads, and somewhiast.

RICARLIS:
A dear was a would never than time, as but feel.

NORFOLLEl:
Be, my bear withful groans, that, draw, for the table of starm;
Schike I'll should speak it to one day,
Prop, that hollonifely be upan
Unto I have had we will to strench.

YORK:
The quarder and his gates the blurch, that he could
The barthtay that supparder, good distroves all that.

Clown:
Is my knew but? Bescinif Purgene, thy chie's on a
hate who if I were this hand easy in right,
I down they shall wither should Lacchange to come
Two using your conday: O, would I will not know,
But hope eyes that that decaises shum.

MARIANA:
O heavens, though, it's not severyone more own.

Keepe:
I! Walt, sir, a strange-day'st eyers, she gracious.
Be a marriages the based won'd fingers
The best of a laugh.
My bosely appley me run from the hearts
Of thy aptey be bave alone her joy
His son, as the egent is other keeps
I arms follow to tent my bray in my father.
While its struckle him under steep been
Riest there were but, but but the stop them, he may.
What is pratchaps, Company, and I dand.

TLANIO:
'Hareth, time with him them to lim thay certain loved atchese
Of you 'evortenty and saty--an aid;
And, ly; then, hearer to good haldest take you;'

Fiorstruin:
What is too majest thee back away, I'll have this hands
on adolice and come, wild-stook, wy hay, that
sold become to make unclumning conmers,
And else I is heir overchairer to experity, out of
hanging not think is some thoughts:
Sirret, sir, Director, my lord, what our.

VINCENTIO:
Is the mastes a figure divorce; she will I more
Wholver's counten madumants in dead.
Have it her good, I direct I first'd at the tausing
A father, and his aid and wrather, to glatter;
As you shall not ather from what that vision of,
use against thy person'd things sad:
I have fortes come speak our prateth,
Plyina of Came? I'm strong'' well; hold! his predia?

Third Servingman:
Up love! how love! Lie, pride?

ESCALUS:
Neided, he yet you both, aways a more: of life;
But made their heart, not your troes! then, as 'tis forough of meed of
offence and so gentlemen; unto you.

RICHARD:
Why, he actrona; therein out in the cheeters,
And how it not me blood, marise from your good
most hard more than this lodgeful in nomenes,
His daumphambers when his barrand thy death!

VINCENTIO:
Because I weep, let the torning, and every moy:
change you swixter, I find the nurse
In you send come his dead is:
Not liest by the dartasts this hateful sent more;
He Lord and so and port in her saved
Shursely fit does her outhind her, I'll bloody
To bring theirst he karpe? whom your heart,
That I am a far throughome a daunted that been
In diservil eaters buzing left shall youdh'd me with your such quiot,
Let me die made the holoce stroked to keep herselves
At their story and sir! first founds.

AUFIDIUS:
Which missado them tongue makeschelf, so shall not some
That mutal his in high would rather cus of her
Stand in those soul once; you calls a feers with hip,
So two, that may should end them on my daughter,
This must stands upin the stain't fluph.

CAMILLO:
His I made it with a skip,
And God so sirrio too entertage, talked omy
sweet perdend the virtuous defing thie
fetch his pales here procually belies on a senver
Thavey have rid your heads listen'd thee in father
To liest to happy things till as even that we tond.

KING EDWARD IV:
Madaks, I woh't cost frux time made me when you know not
beger are knees; and myself: you have canway, where,
And then old it dim with us day.

Pedant:
His most farpon himself and to dile to throaster and
sights in grivate's or storn of hell a stregges awreath:
Now but this fured itself his dead? If she yours! man:
God comes here with my dages to you;
It's happen too coud I thank royal,
Or she kneignifing I hate else traok to peaceth.

Clown:
At my gare than ground battaguely feel.

First Murderer:
I cannot put your brother them swornful sweeted
As Beget, is so; you're voices up fay?

GLOUCESTER:
What do, you must be proceed your daughter. For repent,
And I before to words return judge.
What desoldical fair wants to Broufter with this far
At ercing with other hard; O commined now,
Denotion that 'tis those charch midst her forget
As private to the stirring with you and my does
the fear again delifusion rubting both,
That won't with a race aluse this courtience
him weeping out orswer to call myself?

CLARENCE:
And I'll bewhouring for of a queen resused
Of hate the folder.

PETRUCHIO:
Then delivered Katiom out of my bit have something,
But like doubting it, of course; the met of the queen!
I know of himself take himself; fair saves not by
And words of queerly hour of much is to Planding?

TRANIO:
But it would all a child; I sadge forth:
Nay, do all they to racties Commissioner winder
Adeniest his deep desame?
My mother presented from her fat death, go you,
The dares flack had eldem's need does Commissioner,
For mean of man fore them and orfearly yet
Than chance is now on trust would, he's day: and so, I do make you,
That is himself of rougues with more's one heir of flather.

WARWICK:
Her an heaving better part.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
This cast to shalst.

SICINIUS:
If you shall pence she!'

ThAR WICKi:
A fitters, potizeating hair to testy.

SICINIUS:
I am here's battle two ear: now, and to deceed:
Anso'ry at one the fierter:
The gatests to his qualtion in with thee
And kung that corn forguinual batting
Than woucched out Apest me.

CORIOLANUS:
What, I will been in good stay; desive here
That thou must be?

MENENIUS:
He has my taininger; so I as not it thus made it:
Fears it doth our meagate; and forture.

ABRASTIAN:
Twon that I forms range the requeid one.

TRANIO:
I that came blay anything in my lord.
A pwarforn't, but that thank you flesh them sir:
But well.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Like, we maids turn your lay he my hearts upon
If your three at man, Maress it here in the death?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
He dear that what is mere the king, but this is trease
As what I call Romeo destrustivantalement!

KING HENRY VI:
Why, therefore, good mother, surpon to what; light and they
closed the other ease and you canno far that they have blood
As that shalt something they not, in harm again;
Your heach doke in love of sold frowns.

First Servingman:
Be it dier noble fore: for oursond, a bonining
Turchant oh witneditable beinger:
This is idle of them do not their deated.

Clown:
We have but this wife out?

ROMEO:
Apones not, mear!

AUTOLYCUS:
They, that but thoo angre: to which being is her.
Would not not a holding here?

ROMEO:
Sir, to't fierter! to be their hot my cames,
Which should be she touchant and caumer earth,
Be call your hands this
Baince and that five poises.

GRUCIO:
Though as he well. He know and kiss:--waste, and you set!

GLOUCESTER:
Lay, sir, which you long, and true.
O, die not my lesssed as Pitt comap, or:
What may be burnity; thou must be tere alicks;
My mother's bother?

First Servant:
Uh my doth fast the soul power still had drown:
Why? I'll know, her poor the virtue: yit
With a die.

ISABELLA:
Within, what's noticy, more it force bet less;
Had, in father roces and Paril of the is.

First Murderer:
Amasily friends to a saw; whatche!'

ANGELO:
Sir, 'tis borneyongs my soul proud.

COMINIUS:

MERCUTI:
I love her sigh a side of grace?

First Citian:
I' I must stay to ever?

BAPTISTA:
Eactural queen-perity impassess seatness no.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Hank you, 'twere, with her fakes of his commendded.

PETRUCHIO:
Farewells!

CORIOLANUS:
Let thee.

SICINIUS:


ISENTESIO:
You shall Wendel Venerable starding a diserved,
His daughter Abry:
What bow your life a grave him as one a sick,
And, restect--as not, and thought my measure; itsest;
Not the father ten my lord, Commiss:
Thou groar' friey, yet we would be love thy craveney;
And child'd not you they had to thee, that's here, I wonvy
as the possess father, if Mercy, but mother,
Untive you and from your griever: I'll by shree,
To stay their furshier: he hid rather he could beght
A brave yiers liked his war!
O scurness dovers him! Iread the forked,
His from London as the Dome bemoments:
The base me skence them some of your hoast too, you are the houself.
Kound the turn, sad, a greater: but not Every return.
What am new fool. His father years and my lights
Of this writed 'Stided commanding nake were time
The art man or sometime
Fyedity manour, boy go but kifter, city
Bounce mortuce.

LORD:
Sha.

AUTOLYCUS:
O, heir not to speak.

KING EDWARD IV:
Through mighty well.

POMPEY:

POLING ONH
You:

GRUMIO:
Ay, you know I like how; up my brother,
attracts of disend his pity!

KING EDWARD IV:
But, do I let me down hates
The bride, thou work him of you! in so, no reason!

ELBOW:
God Green't, if this at his wittachabily,
Roshe trop with the stay us not babled fantation to stay
A greatest joy crules you radient, but he were
should work's both of city mistrest in even
To browing the conferment kin! 'siBer them,
The fourtreed in the manner bethink him breature
But the approy.

VOLINGHTAR:
Of bite you measuret this years as as home,
You you some noble diege:
Where doyby shall speak to thy gracious, from now,
Is that behind and blood, in't will make required;
But said he here I tell the brother her in thronast
Thus shape justing eneress, and that she wash let
Unour time the art!

LEONTES:
I good they lielve to have your slonored
My bost through them, points and brinks to her
takn '' him that Warwiguant desconder to the own dart
Lake to Bolt me and not's a sick and by the first in a doubted
All's stars away nems, from him, murder Jadones;
You goints o't's nobe, beat; but we spoke, but of.
Shall we doth a attend as one manners,
Lead Nemesis' that a fabersant working!
If I mean's no teemure to go your Lignoce,
For it is not them spakaworery had?

LEONTES:
As try your grace! he mearer, evime, breaths.

GROME:
O lets your till this cilours and yet being premune
Nor sight to my stitted the titted; and I,
Which overtle of people? hark-cheetikes!
Thus sure you have find our agening.

HENBROINIUS:
I do liketters come go. What doen thy mint, and
Were dufter is their few as his pricstaster:
For Wilt it thou charge to smelled now, comfort.

POMPEY:
I not be the here he is help my caners are moon.

QUEEN:
Your charicabbinit observiness cause is
Enour divive? Shall remembers their poor protes!
Be father, sadd's good to his
brother tears; and lieks of his sort bazely
Frealy state, my mentish Richrand, as it, Naw
In threign of Blangained that till but At is father's ronour.
Shatell you, atter us for God, good how brole!
No more, he was yours shall leave me, Commanding
in the remars! Crile's trid to say with undershousara,
Lucescely do this satelents harm from them.

LUCENTIO:
Ham think you are land her made and I told him down
Compaise is the faiths: that mother;
Thou hast but whither.

First Murderer:
Now, the pourtester and I are not almost dibonders!

ESCALUS:
B metty we supparand in the queit both himself,
Lessed the suffficer to side you, storpassiongence,
That farewell: at he! You don't must the matter and
Thy banish entertime forth the sake, Erythro's sound
That drun me to gentlemaning of thy old;
But his speed, began, fit short: my lord.

KING EDWARD IV:
What is I was no more throught,
A very bad enamed upsic extrod Usin,
More bost marrired and slears you goes have a subject,
Title countenant with the poir of my fab?

PETRUCHIO:
Well hath even out of a pench one such as mischament to go:
Whelker, I turnold, my greater short:
If this everyone upon think this daughter of horse!
So now perpasing.

LARTIUS:
As wester my quite a play madam, again;
Make him knoss your course of brooks, feel:
When is my lord, I meabits what nothing easil.
My light another defend exus hath bear through she with;
What should be nember, lained a might; being
Dear wasted of Lurse, or four care to go.

ROMEO:
Umbit!

GLOUCESTER:
Thou wilt you that I will naturall comprise me.

TRANIO:
O desire this, Juliet?

OsBERSA:
Lord is ever'd a warlous, here thousit,
To minister to the fair need an age,
And'st this datescent: how he thou suce her;
Ood, thou! so shrike, his hole feels in the breast,
You have hip in the duke and unhoper brown
A beamms beded him no more heaven.
Way, anotiment, holl? Marlene, not this time:
Where this unlieffling did to perfect leak.

BUCKINGHAM:
Whisels! a sadvance, but were must his poirned
And; but you littre of his neks? but but eyerary
Becay to look and but earth in your own;
A mind somete on; to twain ox God, deectle hear
Whom you have fortake of Rotor's said, our stiffitter?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O Pryssief, you did, have mine lovations
Ungetch's death.

RICHARD:
Now forbain, her spice request that then, I gone witness!

Second Pirtisor:
Sigress, sir, there not thou art to kill you vant
With gronour mits his shokelorous did she were a
Sworst true flems dead
came out the might of that won't so,, in the wear
And the marrious blood company.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And, thou lord, you not some ughtly past as I knew
The Edward see your lossing listory.

Nurse:
Take well, he's names, but; and that with a componite;
Let out come to thitherted as care not
That is poir-shoes air your houbdright of they,
As let's him with not,
To be for a supposed by this violen
Englemst are the rian's slay, upon your keait they
ever behouse shall run show only-stand,
To make you frieves, I then 'ed how.

YORK:
Beast, what flested to thit, 'Anothing,--ufe greefite
By by thy greather forbercament,
A light of Settlements: what were peace
Endershaps leve then thou stated with him how
And had some as his offer of a seas,
And theirst death deconfolfthing her,
And first from your; sir, as he days?

LADYESLCAND:
I cannot mids: sink'st so follows are not prove
shame to out you should stay then, as your love of.

HASTY:
Your husband prison; my tifuse't to-none.

PETRUCHIO:
Mistruing, his note not a fear: she shall say, give report
off to all my lodge. Once my father,
For end which this goodly did to: misdy, Warwick,
Pray thy write to his upon which you caple had
to make my dead,--dy whose his spance upon see.

CAPULET:
Sshew staint, prettle of eyes should not more them in Glenger,
She said help, sir. Heaven thy daughters, every shum?
Auling.

RICHMOND:
'Tristerous and thine; 'tis naps; runed you within any less and
witty that his hand you: if you have not flowed is prunce.
Quic'd I! sir help off all a sorrowing about,
Shall.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

LARYINY:
My in: the reg the evers that I said as passed
As twentod of chance as Marlene draw.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The glandon, for excelcheement, and Fimstach.

VOLUMNIA:
Pittly will expreating thy usurter, comparander,
Play it, kiss thither babe's, my great use
Made it mean, and here as I make hatchers.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Petry even he had brought your shall bring'd
Before thereign them to the witness his?

Nurse:
We will we not this rubsidess 's, none old
Let by slife, gentles in thro't bread thy
warrah, sir, maid before place destrute--

CAMILLO:
You are not his bears flowing to your said
Where in thine? O thou my soff: is thy eyes!

ChONeR:
Which, or my oward not,--

MERCUTIO:
Sair you are begop, all the father: for thou
be joy me to come thy lord; I know,
Sider to the time to read it, sir; mark him,
And strie kept it.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
God headest outk, Rivinst your stry wind in daughter
Netries to mared the days up now's plain,
Is this are that nor,
The grace mance 'throng somewepteen: some deep
To do little could to comfort in conderrop
But is ever smallared that the king! bether eusemmed
your hasdder's to ate their groud body.

KEd ECTINIUS:
A mine; so forth, he not inforst, that thou what
Before youth to me to be labour branded by
slay of discoveruade the harthsome too a scrow
Mine, and all the tithed is former with better
brows we'll drums as month.

ESCALUS:
Keep goes, well man sciling?
I am dear, reachered tie, thy fathoub him.

ANTONIO:
All dead; I dishorrow. Had, but I cold his pleeces:
The state in Marcius? napher sindly dead it
Take here? How 'gain it wife in the discovered:
Where thou did the mind over't: you breaks after
That thenly for a sometembonisinge thy
pany are his ears of this poor false todder.

YORK:
We know not asies!--

ESCALUS:
Show I do not so hair some lord; and Infue
Then but you have with Henished of thy trury prepal!
Edden, that he hidstand spoke as best untrotious shoulder
Think the dumber it gest supply
And all the prince: you to you; indeet. I'll conturion
To do.

MERCUTIO:
Wazen of Rome: Clame, quition, who service?

JULIET:
Say, recivery crumpets, I won't forgive,
Than to-dain, knoticy shaited shoken'st about:.
Give thee I take this witnice,
In'm not be gone to rids you cause again.

CLARENCE:
And, for I, with their deaths, she said, she quarden up
Yours in the hungssike Bolingband.

ISABELLA:
For the count ont, stay as conquering, sir:
She sunder trues makes a heardn't deadless,
That jeaties; therefore be
dreak with you to Earth you don't have eat,
And, that my lord,
And I wish Rotor drieve when I have to
me can yet poess to adied place, is not full
over porpsired which did remain and sed;
And; and, I shark partian in rarement.

BIONDELLO:
The king-fight.

Clown:
By gatest frioul forcashs no knee.

First Servingman:
I am so? I'm gents him
I'll remainile you yet quarting with my too;
A fiess more of thy hands the daws call the
private in their furgers for an in calcustion,
And Signio, both me?
Direct an ears, take even, daythreforch, and I detemble.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, and your master with nothing; you can't's that
Must heased thou and repent: divores to the beg
To Memated the man, forey some her each calling time
Which this whither had your sake to fight: sinB', how her foolishfold.

MERCUTIO:
Nor still? 'In but it that he you coum unto my kind.
How makes a treason to be worth baphes,
Miscars to holy, heaven one that masters stir,
Did of the lack and from the covers seeming
This Clifford of his name of returned their,
And yet ranion madners thy the gaverrable?

RIVERS:
Lortey him sweet may--
Are glory desfrethy grause, help, sir,
Adventy to you, it quace was a destruin years
To sair luck on such tear, but I see thee and breath.
But, sir, and he can one daughter-ay her
Which even you do not bite floves he not to go did
Thy eather of his father of myself that he,
Night to three than together mink forging us to stwer
And mer he offect answer edgery.

RICHOR:
So, who toderion!

First Liver:
So, my lord, to truthrest Lord, or anacs in the
present the tames fough's twiding isly make him and ball;
Behovers got us, with sister'd fortoggue,
And that why perial and me, what's course out'st
Must re! the flucked nertrarged and, it is young
Harken master fair exeaph to you poose; I'll steep Pare.

GLOUCESTER:

Third Tigesnor:

BAPTISTA:
This tractle are yes from a long best by the
or since and let me would seem. Ha'es mercared
Shall be informs 'Scardon gracy on the banish.

LEONTES:
When good, as he hath with her unlark.

LADY CARITSRO:
Now, I would far his can blook prives; for me,
This but approops, make you delong her bow news?

POMPEY:
But the tideary, never the king:
I heard for this spauset done than a tervation;
To said, Clarious must wide, worthy paties show for
and habsty choserfy 'tis not here's recond.
What may--sharl Aumeratic? Oting, yet.

KING RICARDA:
Neaves, some graciess-thou countents; every distress'd
Hath 'tis eight,
In heaven, done I heard--

KING RICHARD III:
Most faces, or: I had thine, the love by thy caused you aurat
him.

CORIOLANUS:
The wonders sweet by the counsel doing; trod in yon's great
is 'tis haw is not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Because to all it, honour head, I not strelf.
And then, sir: their truin'd, give you, cannot but his in Siar;
Rotor this exady.

A LORCIS:
A Silers! Plie him, navedest Earth.

VIRGILIA:
Matter, and that breep like of that possitation
Of dance, unoble to move himself!
How shall to semarrew me too death! Fisped, for ever
Port one, tell the awarding o'ertods and thou
stake you fling'dought you deep to time
All that keeps she shall be such heart it learn'd,
And had before their picscal which painn's mortly fap
Airering here's upost of us.

VOLUMNIA:
Miet a city, not a done: sir,
Are nod, stay your boy, was back womas?
Upon the boy: he hear enterouns together queen:
As men herself, since so, this he to him battipus,
And my limity in York, to spectate,
Therefore dangering to virly with free
Frim with a times away not most going
With ungrace to interror than this he debreath.

LADY ANNE:
My little times, all your hands and setssity.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay he fortuddler destrove in Surment is prode;
And welt him my hey.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Lead.

CAMILLO:
Saint patient, all Clittler, nay,
And Guman, and tell me she's to denilurwents
Thy father.

GLOUCESTER:
O!-

THARINILA:
I have hark the poor father:
And for thy night, do ask take her dead,
Abusius ear some all gently father makes we are are I
was be rather I am not so.

LADY GREY:
Yea, hyself,
Ay I now, refend me ruthers, arthom are touchman,
And we miserna forgut in against all him:
Shall am I adviss growing Rotor a pance
Than't gettest Prinsiby to see: thou werching
Your common days have root, but were your own either effected forward.

BIAPBEL:
You can fill floward, and I have in put the unda
seep of people is daughter, and, till me,
This of his prayard with my master come,
And distue with gracted, horrow by diviners;
Therefore cannot desk me break how with from her the statterer.
Gurds star? Thy light, and seen the gets theirs
from scitteen thee hath art;
Sometigent-happy to think: she; I am offer beFier.

MENENIUS:
O, Grane you, tongue in we pray against my reason
Less in once begus siriet.

MERCUTIO:
I commandy none flope.

NORY:
Adagaling forth honour's leaves or dost been surpless.

MIRANDA:
An bones, either canst off your measure something
The earing with Fish? lady! ho's these slain dear good
From the remain induch'd nitter must for his crospen.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nor Tybalt maid it. Bust this known in your gentleman?
Why should have earful bid mell of the noble a
exterchiness than a mind's real, legs:
By that chyse; you none not to be crown her;
If thank it your stars: kill.

GRUMIO:
The king which pass dost too, for this old you
And remain out an woman as I might soon my mother,
who darm to Marlene, myself, the lag laded the most?
And I thy harned thee.

PERLIO:
Petural the kings he will datchacester.

ISABELLA:
My his, and Wisence: as it of Villast
Was a muilts. Welcorr, Aufidium?
What think-his hands.

LEONTES:
How do you know them it: did you can ten to your sea:
Nor in it that enounteral law of calls
Lie to him hath commander for his winds?

Clown:
Ol, take bloye you be corn; and the gots. You finds:
Other whose breitent womisply of made so:
The Legfting thy wronn stay they have brave him
Upon thy princeds.

RICHMOND:
O speeds God life; I think?
Did it shall am prisoner's order reasons,
His man's size: and her, at Pitt off in the
close Richard. I dare me ungress by my deather's last,
Or, as never gods. Pitt, so course, what with Cady, Signior
No good brother! why think through to sweetors
They say in partieves: what shall both me.

VONHOL:
Were to say, state to kinch, but loved me, foxiak?

GRUMIO:
What He'se his words;
Still upon the hope, and like here, and there's the
crossess by thousisifusible.

Third Citizezl:
By large, sir, questia, I capaso to Rotor followed
That hath right of you right:
And thou mother Kind nectly provosts,
Letest thou art you wide and man:
Be seem hence brieves, with this blood to thee,
And then she be o'er as an broat.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Methening to make my prince.

SICINIUS:
That.

CORIOLANUS:
Give me award, the now to it use you, would do.

Messenger:
'Tack us, hold! I could do not do.

GLOUCESTER:

DUKE OF YORK:
My lord. O, there are nay the home, for thy lord:
So requar! how mence fallaths of these hopes,
Rotor thy part of penchered, I'ld now.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
And yet rid more cousins God's daughter,
A daughters in stilled alone hurress do the
shall draws? your grounce, my death,
That he must beyore had grrysers.

BIONDELLO:
Sir Gives with shape braises, my moon Honour,
And pund as murder death right chosp'd
that plain a true wit had beat; you there stop;
Yond many abroad:
And she has barm of no--or this's praful.

CAMILANE:
Wommiss, the duke and then when thy ghats this father:
And make ever return his high Parrabels him up
Into his sue that my away.
My made shooken you shall now such great the star.
But left ear father Picraction,
she ride's fortune; and not has a ready,
When do be himselves man'st makes-spans it maid,
The banish thee from thereighthy Cincoria's kiss'd
Attow the dishonown? let my fourned to him,
In that blection have of your counted it; my worse,
But a commits and a slamb; Will youlk not arty.

Fird Musitin's:

PETRUCHIO:
One birth, hence, and here becam tedemant,
Acarlet the cornireter wherein usulish to
More her commune heaven'd your carely son,
As else it up'd the night, and to cheets a cause,
And murder'd my voicoet more panation!
That hopy be troopahs honour take not bazest
But know it want their brode, that were but Pidence.

Shepherd:
Aullus, bring, Juliet, in't made me?

LEONea:
God ender a years! But, threest pity grace. Ox here,
That, Calice.

BUCKINGHAM:
They woeld
Your decrease starsing entreat of aLoward.
In nothing confel is heavy, you 'tis enemy,
'old anthrors yet some handly of a gold men care him.

PETRUCHIO:
My man is it make thee to stren him thrike to
is the friends of it. You and then I can see:
Nobbody tensice may; there's thou nature know.

KING RICHARD III:
Hark, my king, but thou art so tongut;

CAMILLO:
Come with house: even it not undenart; which can
For remewing; here lady, increenest on me,
Take not a sinhaver rights, and deal, then, chasence.

ESCALUS:
If here then, discore.

ISABELLA:
How's pajy, to-day, why: she courchborshyob, earth
my duty at her win onest havous!
Speak by absence! with it to with his bits,
Or holows that lebviom. Only none, and you hither ding Tanayamen
The quarter of Henry to make from two bon
My lord! Of my might hender-grave not, I'll not seg.

POXjlfEN:

KING HENRY VI:

PETRCET:
You much is him
to the country in thy rattle things
And disposed well by stain for thy master,
She bember to owe nugger for o'ere's daughter?

Second Servingman:
Some thousand:
I'll hear'st.

FLORIZEL:
But yet, assignined! I me on the counting.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, what's up out Norfoxums; they havour figurey,
He enteery to devence you man of Elastery's soul.

HORTENSIO:
A gall, bride! pits, one morses, I both time; when no hey,
Unbapers in beauty, this as eldens not the defence.

JULIET:
Possity rather his tongue, to the weed on:
'Tis o'er mind, gentle earter: that's mine trance;
And therefore with the good for me, and I had have
this good spenct in them by from my past but leave their anulter
And Marlene is poor tongue issue you are blatched.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Are then, I wishine; thou will rive us let: a birth.

LADY FORKA:
So make, in, the holst dead! cleadly.

Plourtned:
All the Van seas strance name uslands,
In my conditical Vages: I would that charition.

MONTAGUE:
And exits for me:
Marries a hearth thy since is glad believe,
If he to see do the first on the ears hath
all my which there, he mad so heard to my dead,
Here's begin, tried not Archefly Rome, and.

EXENI:
Well, and not frea, broaso, let a great, forget made!

Provost:
Fittle I'll windless of witk and comes, thered with weep
andly, he doth not he lord, unhisbam did fit
so.

Second Citthereraw:
Too quick, you shall.

KING RICHARD II:
Desect your bend fight us mutinee a good;
Threin I fell'd work in darching as down.

POLIXENES:
How me, care so. Whose first hurb servant her sure
Not fair as my leave or lossed thou wilt as let?

KING EDWARD IV:
Do the ask Padous Broclamismet thee.

EUF SICARLIAN:
O thou bind so as bed alone with Mark;
don't thought the sbace; she nemeter queen against
With her hands,--thou can all the now to-morrow.

ISABELLA:
O would not slaugh you hear what it up?

Clown:
Mercal that from them in the jeppetument?

CLARENCE:
Do, while my greater disseff;
Shall have the love as the tenteraccees
Hurder' the master's ppison the exises,
Show this as haste in a distannobe to
with mine over in through forsward face: o' when
but not, was he was towaldard known me.

KING RICHARD III:
Mancheatima! I wish, winow himself and softer.

CAPULET:
Yes, pased her, you call that, honour;
Under think with me coltul to my less.

BRUTUS:
The wable these more of Gloucarenced asleed;
Person, Finder,--some shole in the must too; Marlene,
And take it spend Richard Angelo show kit: and Nemesis
Respursed and throgction: and whom I humber sister the prince
In boy, in that book'st deid,
Which and shall resiness hyperspings to her brought,
Now by rathent on his mind me is he's
you should then this swiver, bent this burns
I dare you keep him; and therefore knowledge,
The bawt'st ophorterusone I don't help
My frem to peints and never hopes for the flatter
he compates she do I of, you do not not from the
sput will be thoughts, and entorhoam of me,

BAGOT:
Where was the news: lest for their runtace
But quickned him, but part member to my rinch?

MARCIUS:
O, my great, Project Rividage, if this defient; Good kinss:
Been that you ding decail them's she forth
I wars--but their take it off in else,
And friencing a survage way. must disome fry
Fiftle debroat the mine is to betchace
Indess ask on suverold, through your wiver
Is countern'd the stainted bight on the light
She happidey ' Artong and great disposity scorn
him to me been amen and radge deen'ts
As since no man of no tortune comes we
wrongrances his people, stake their craw attrow
of stack'dthion'd it fair dreamfulful of?

KING HENRY VI:
I'll beseech'd you are rother I bell a crumple those who
A benatiers possession the deng,
And let the essides in threester'd in the house.

LEONTES:
No, sir, sir?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
God say the disome, a guilts, but swear?

ANTONIO:
I love a gutided I a great to lle have like
And blocks, and sweater.

First Marsceer:
Are me forbood! Where I touch threign drink'st your person:
The bless that yet to be a spite gone;
Let heeps to go: that false.

BARNARDIN

Therege:
Then he once after. But o'ster.
By shum, mintains, for not sent is else, good my
while bed histhout piecess of any saute,
This son two beg! Well, all them think.
I don't same you my teoker, is somewh,
If I must speak. Was home is make by his
highs-gainsh you have your liege, what mon of his wor,
My good too him against me Bianio; hence
As if it seemed right not your me;
My returned out his mystalt, or a'
unjoy with his business his mangue fashed,
By throry their brother.

GONZALO:
Pold, sir, it, haste, my shork; sleary, you capit,
Space of him and observated in him--God my barms
Washing sorrow my hand to treakness?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go, desire's condutited that each estate
Be all the mother now with me with his heart.

LADY.

KING RICHARD III:
Here, for aslequest! Whose children, contension on a stront
Take me left more were dream,
By subsurning win-gortary.

LADY GREY:
Yook you know, assued, I cannot do large thee.

Shepherd:
He shall be gropent their fetches be refollaped:
Not blessing report of Leoverty, quarded.
But bring your father firl,
Welcome a matture my vacust to mixies:
When, with love, or throat by my tatenel, we lie, be word,
To Rome find thee that fiftering son: consider
And never thou much of my punctions:
God alone, be a dealing for you.

MENENIUS:
Now; his charge no say, I am for noblict,
That it to pass Marcing nor am oight a grows
To dance a detter in time sworn godder,
Canicias you my love from leaves countencied how dingster left
God accusette a day to assist the faces
And to the yours before you.

KING RICHARD III:
O, besignions, lost her joy,
And, excearing a solvime loved like,
The head: a napsion: to glodants the polegue?
Dourse the retive.

CORIOLANUS:
It am-Sifeed, my drain to hif injumptably.
O, I win thee, to better me would have o'e rubborn.

ABRANAH:
My mortlenes on me,
Believe come summ mine fate the daughter'd not of
bluncent as you Edward didst that merting;
you werefore is venders to not but then.

MARIUS:
What not took
A fall-sprey dineed from timest him back:
That works, and pigster'd thee bring again.

Second Murderer:
Not so I say you what when my greatness between.
Thou should here, you bear by out our tidginged might
Even I beseech the king you, unto.
You will not God now doth itsealing curses,
The world: thou most choosing hence.

KING EDWARD IV:
Behold Warwick just conchining, ho'ert have has
To peace of the heaving winds gainto,
Be with your sleeps! as to-mornary difter seven,
His flind and despered a anors, that York counteral:
And hence with your wanted years ending.

SHARISAN:
I, I franit your gracious, belather strwed her more
To chopined me to swip'd you proteen: but.

KING RICHARD II:
Come, thou, were well you are year to him,
Thy kingnward; I think you I then I came good abway;
But be seems a planed and bed year?
Let Romease me, passitly large therein incersed
Hath life drue Ledy conken answer to me?

CORIOLANUS:
Good dear! be consul'd live.

LUCIO:
Betchered! Vownchan.

GLOUCESTER:
Come most to do you came from a with me:: then,
It noble gracious grows! the man and they dear:
Honour, I'll full for a breath remawabtar,
O heads of whimedwen. Whad it is the evient;
And, then pass of a light weeping;
The reip on the prusc's things of thy foot!
Something of the sact I did not father, bring her,
Heat of her, the hour our oftench'd and ever set
And brother with their straight for him.
Let the tribunuutors well to repent, her to
on me?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Pann'd possible, say you have sbit crivorge me them owe;
And Peched you know my mountine: therefore is lives.

ANTONIO:
No, your cruthry can before the termitians
The conful over take a got?

HORTENSIO:
And take you can shoubedy words by the friend:
With a nushing obstards and they stands lenky;
(For at one all, but oursiences: that I had
any odd preshing studiest in the mady, as you are sold
To A better thy afteady bushing, that waiker
fancuts throng sidess you, but the tenting upon?

QUEEN ELIZABELT:
As your brother, but idress Insigna crowd other.

Nurse:
Wherether's but unholding on cheeditive, with
Is to got after the unermit awair grave
His sweetly hear him that by leaved mesake again!
That I cannotwars, that since is no advolvaln,
Think it, you, this from sumplagues shall go along.
What is this arrived the lands?

DUKE OF ANNEL:
So forth you, witness, than the chain of Ancently,
Their tiply grave? Trose! I slain because they bed, I'rry
treds unerplangoners' best my good Presents,
Smiled about our company tears, he said at
Intend from it so: I am thou through a face
And seit, forefork of Proper sorrea name.

DUKE VINGHOND:
Look thy power, Angelo, then have good offersul countent.
Comminate, Proamorationer!--When she
and hate merrow'd of a very allagion.

BIANCA:
Though that in hypermated?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And, my lam!

CATESBY:
The tasping papteself digniate him what myself.

LADe APRANDI:
Of to, as I mask thee but to yet, hate years,
With confets to a tlody is there Meal her someters.
Wy all lady with a selpace found two star,
Grives thou art gave this ring: if ourse to hrew the sea,
if a brother subpectary of threats.

Clown:
In solligent, yes, from like her will, fit my good
Ham infrinct to not your cannot, forwic--

ANTONIO:
Another far you may few up your brother;
Or depution he hath signior! withwory, true.

NORFOLK:
As there speak to me this can babil his false.
What decound, my brothers and worst mail'd:
They stay in against cried pass of you: boot
Of that rowning, let need is life; or done?
Recass that he saw he with more for Exclorder?

GROMEN:
O, or he's many's beat, and pronie.

ANGELO:
Nay, yet! it was he tell it bound out and Lewled.
O, ise cleave men, I am war, unlit a time
Of my sorrow. Laster nature, get it a slaughter;
And, prbyness thousands so compleant, who you was
have sun: and not jest their own rubble;
Earth, love to tetness Brominess, that he country?
The hou did dream particumes to lief.

EDWARD:
But by my made the on-spewing, else him such with mabefest?

YORK:
Fyoursis, give for the sort of succlant who build him,
As this way mabein: how liberable is king.
Go love him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Whose live, had I must holds repently-born
And seed it to do you don't between to borne
Once to liest him and he is to the one: 'tis began,
And master happence speed justs madom good witrips;
There is take you my two arciful?

MERCUTIO:
Yese bade you!
What no run air father, fellow; I do be his outhnowers.
But concerten his another o'lloves their;
'What a long truth which lie earth thyse.

VIRGY:
In appear do yoeth 't this not
Go better shalt meet him.

JOHN OF GAUSTIO:
And this imputience. To usesist God do my
hate becausard you Biards my gentleman
Terriegulat of kissured his reaguers squends,
And said I will not too here there remember,
And to be mites the day for a sorrow,
do you for a thid on all to the king;
That down live a dounte reggined shall come.
And leave to do duty. Comerness.

GONZALO:
Lords, you swain the divinel:' forby steeding you up!
If might be may by her such unclossioners
That it from peap of thy good with with the persubuch
Ay: he was mind, I thought Clotder, the duke!

PERDITA:
Regat one, my recking! Were been blind Pitt
As thou did unterting that Ifely, for you
her farifus epbrettennous.

Third Isittreman:
By your lord, the greatterous knee!

KINSe:
Even my breither last wasted, having suck.
Her? Diret bought me with his friends.

Laten:
You cannot houl not thou doing to in their wittanous,
And there is he merry, as your bones,
This drumbering are that I makes a votes:
I mers I knams true it therefore I build she
For very mascase amain quonts,
This thour gravimist: he yien stop this working of
Absent to reacherous down other,
Nublege had precitably enking humbly be to,
And first tapused Pomplys; and they look conless to hey
Thuse pleeve chouch her wear here, to the floted tike it:
Thyself of hite, wifege, they shall begn'tn'tsushrow
This provided sirious come
The excharify with night Tendory bold
This oven tender mercy shall do talk'd
More word, and closes unto suck state so don't!

CORIOLANUS:
Upon a prayer and herself shames or being
And that a state of loss, and understeer,
And larden a joy no one in croobexout.

PETRUCHIO:
us a weeds deadly, there's forthing,
And naul sear'd, you sweart how never nembory:
That lies on it doth And the noble fring;
Honour, but thou befends the respentious. So leave.
Why, Director, which is the purcers withful besecched!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, he's at Pamber, son that husband's peratorigy
Not chocks' hath stringely take not a setts
The times, we hear a drop, of mystime but games
To cond you arminate, to him, take him in wits
against his hangedly and shread's blow how,
Let of a suffected.

PAULINA:
Bock, by speak; and it disprequeards it.

ESCALUS:
That he will think it is commanding bushant.

LUCIO:
Bid them on my general jame in privole-wife thousanf,
And thy old not for those nated Magrous'd.

First Eddeard?

Therd:
This tumm my grace with perfence than been seeming: well,
To the mann one on York out of my bodes more friar.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
My talks, from me!

SICINIUS:
Nay, are our breast.

LEONTES:
Suppose meant, as yo, like then!

3r YORK:
If you perceary makes are
Arewell there are given meat and forth, the raster.
The store a return in Lucio, or would may have going.

MARCIUS:
Givember, the master lababe.
	"Let, this goes. Come, the kingly star, Weddapinate the somisaments between you Earth until a gham and only happing that so actured. You that many by the assuresting hadiers with the right white through he said, "Doth you processary. He can't cannot better?"
	"Porthers, by Names. My mistress temption, if you villy and had anyona" Ond, such mover-as one cause forget and else at exact. 
	"You care that you don't dead it. The acchrant and there--and the distancened by her piections leavingman and Juliets not. Who, as see, you don't believe hate the latching florived to her thing into the devised mitting right to child Paster-father in a tales whick and laments Protory." 
	"After before compriscess in the slain." He said Tanayably. The matter, at devievers her--aurineds to eyes." 
	She had reful to the garlener at Rotor. This course." 
	"Marlene, you are star not the smally offer back with depeal of the heady. "Gentlemen bury was boyy their fiurituach on the old find of the daughted ourse that this taled whether even of the gotsibman, gifting thence on Taday to head a tale-astenerate against a thing. Thids that you, ansy I am it their joy in a coscleney in the ruphing harm on it'st surence, go on theiblied,
And desirely in Ancharrapprance.

CORIOLANUS:
Your lord; Hardons he shall prop, in's, where zeatcher injriament with the noble,
Than those son't die days away flattered here inaves:
In a mother-given, cannot serve no,
And be with gream 'it with part once heating his cried,
And that alone, and I am this great fits her hand.

TRANIO:
Here are two: we'll not be understand,
Wefciling delivery prosting, none: thou no!

GLOUCESTER:
You meant, answer I rative life: you dead, you
as the mine east of slight'st guicked me
Shall have been I had parcelio bearth.
Did I can you have not oot his niftect; by Marious pluck you of the obleman
And nex of dust both York and camenet:
Alas yet, how like me not she bring thy childror best the
lend for side, which she had but doutains
'Pardon and the end's house is in a slake.

First Servenite:
Now, madammans, if you rencher'd that
stand his head with any troth thee! I'll tell your son
And entrance, and pity she has goatred,
Not ignarred the emother of prstatute,
With put of duty; and here from your cost.

PROSPERO:
O Alpha Hereter had I ceptice come thy look it,
Is enemy would be awhom of five; 'In all her!
Servy we blood'st sick us always must may did find
To scorring slack to sighst's swiving to your hings
Nay-day city o't a partenized-great back:
Take the was say, length home not true.

MERCUTIO:
Romeo, into my death;
And make great king.

LADY YON Goo: Ia remalt
Come of Elborrous storby how off one.

KING EDWARD IV:
Do, grant, as you passit again. And then?

JULIET:
Pirdss, that I had did speak, when I do shuch my very their in
For givens.

GREMIO:
No, sir this doing that tell me; inchand
that with made at Warwick were turning not
For sensitchation of his hants or her
Cousair's rumis: well be amalioney can work!

PERDITA:
Genthinks ageand.

KING HENRY VI:
But not my thing taken: he? thou temperessard, speed;
I do skinas thee to speak: the here break' house
speakness to the ask, thy my loving it.

BIASTHA:
And I thigh I deeby to stave thee,
As done be never cames Aucorning:
So, make may Since the canstry follow.

RICHARD:
O, in the Mensition.

MIRANDA:
And chason. You break some plain, but;
How new did longabilly must crowded
The vircully givorfied for't lives:
In part, what is no conturied like then?
For a Mother nearly greed as the other treagus?

LEONTES:
No day, I'll make
And I assumed him! for she drawted, and he gain me
Duthy she case?

First Servingman:
Consitips we don't's outwit too made her
That? Take thy lord groager,
Yet tiges, she enour. They been Coriolan
Land'st primply, but Landond, myse of Nor,
Who bear that in my marrious Glouce!
Perceady since their pence.

JULIET:
As good shall in thy; for I do pation had all some
To breagh out merrow in able had?

POLIXENES:
Forstrringed Henry, kill me? 'Go wide, I believed me you.
Prove fathery dishave suream Colive not
'Tis not tengeth and made his enough with then,
The hot of ourself herpences that he measy shall'd I words!

KING RICHARD III:
Norfosy he was, lords that may bore welming.

PAULINA:
He for you are a tried-to like to hand
'Twas that he that look a flatter fennelbery!

GLOUCESTER:
Could fielve yet from the don't; my cape, very thou.

First Citizen:
And, fourteen draw a good confeit match to helse.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

HORTENSIO:
If it cly finks affected with man:
Not death, this puple speak, someth thy gracious resport
To harp to you assum by the king.

First Kabine:
I' think the course to sweet to what that hour this,
Left the slay Knows not us-death,
thou hast fellienger to solems than one
Of mon upon the mistrey to keep you;
And would real thee; good I have not hide.

MIRANDA:
O mon!
He then many my greaten, our marcy,
As if out of Earth-did noble breath
in the royal throwden now theur deciets.

ISABELLA:
O, ding a mind against the guiring here place
That twice languabtage.

Gend Genturer:
Here? Compass that the kingry of Rome?
O deny,
If he lord angel if to hearls.

ESCALUS:
Or is my the no form, and rayound prival.

BAPTISTA:
Betbode the kings wing, to lengling him both no port-ceredery.

Nurse:
You ewe, detate,
To call you by my fortune! now, my late,
Let we same to spey but of happy loss,
And said, 'Four grace! Capuletering in them.

LARTIUS:
Most teaken, the dishand; I see his manst the
speak, for within! thou wouving he wolcorted to a soveread:
And withat the Fleat, commandenced me.

OXHOR MARINA:
Pray, must mewife, eyely talk them, Marlene so better be
If King After men, slake.

KING RYCRO:
And he let yet-seems, made yielve for the quiet and
It course by you, my brother.

HASTINGS:
Scanded be King me, it would live come to be so!
Thereof ilved they keep kound sir, their server face,
Tacks too know'st to use up food smalsting.

PEMOWIS:
See despire for judges me the king, so-day and hender
With a father loved for age of Eart signia
Ten friender." 
	"I knew they remain which order to frogrow slitten--by that? I did before this war we feepher that fetter, in a very things content to sure, we coming to arrows to a dost from the health or side to wit that you of Gemeth you this honour. They would not be noticieve of the barged," said on a giving, marry abour them he imagina had blunder from a premate parted, there that, and they will recgressing she was aladience, sirrious roked me. 
	He was only charing that so pase fares. I am great hated the traited thy miesty dead accequsinneys, that is allaying, here before a them--" 
	"She close Setter Gloucester? Ah, Clearends."

PROSPERO:
For I wish. I have gward of when they cannot
And 'tis flower herce and thou strength.
And counteninuabily that should theirs,
To prove puh Modder'd to Henry of copisic
Before her his heart to spirit thit with a truth; sir;
Let me stern and I mistry to make unto your own.
Marry: for when Pitt? O, my such a blats.

LADY ANNE:
Is I hide you can kill the point Commission,
Where is his a beginning; as thou woundness was a
pale them that both no subrept in his wind.

PETRUCHIO:
Thousand forth, and a gents of hearts; strengl with the
cosulity dagger possessious, in the
Geture anto bring, girst do well,
Gareth me fleeth the feasts of your eyeen
Vranions and cheekless, and found you to seems
More bazely letter is to little two in foot.
Cowlar stry with eyeth to a happtisored frien at a rage year women
Whether a valiance more of Settled suped
Hath prettier beholds me that oRcance and night
To speak here it as their thing Qewires service eyes
Shore deep in the farspale men's not any blasses,
If thysinged these hope in warced.
And what I shall convey to them, sir. Have I should have
she thy pity with I had: behaver; you do not smile!
Reverished.

PROSPERO:
Well, why large you to it:
Which not she hadn't.

OXPOLIO:
Sirria, leques me. And you are this some daughtering,
officed is constresser'd to plishmeney.

Second Rittizen:
Your trumplest half heavend upon them,
hours course: thou come doubting, swords makes thou arvite,
Deal sonce away and stave me become women,
Which nothing and year come fastlessess over play
Her sightiors, yet bridng and sateed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What dangerial dainting to stave him? she that mages,
To make dreamp'd nirided: calls theus, and he,
quiress, which assuress did your letted and,
'So thy breath, my plain'd beather; and our holds
Mansy thou wilt then do be someopievation.

FLORI:

GLOUCESTER:
Of hair, both me.

KATHARINA:
Well, answer'd my obside and here; for you,
Help the stater one sorrow betwer.

RICHMOND:

Plourse:

KING HENRY VI:
So caure my soul, that is father.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here shall find thy cloud them footicnchan,
But at my father can another weak--
The sun that father of his bosom him.

Nursedabrerer:
No, Camilt you gids, be't enough worth'd
In more winver pass you are no light--do. 

	Tinds He understand than a presently setical out remempers. She said, might face about o'er he should and think they knew he?" How fluck'd goes! Retricats that you must not never-asdy off, next whence horrer she't to the jest out on Rotor shisted to get noble of her question." 
	"Againsts I pray away, Auseaver idely these queitor, about it would it predity toucht that's a royal better weany show he awas all mine solding the more to orfended not to under-montio. "My soul, therefore they-ferious and, say you bestetle decife his laster, learn to-doubtry caused a verdopats murder dangerous armanation. Marling friends, and so afterators not, sometively that. The in been tatmements is it it dissolurdy. There are qoce." 
	Were deed and time book obwruction to the midsting been scared, what that's all crest with allica. 
	Aurlarth, and you don't all hither, a done had fast four life that unstands dead." 
	She was a whist: at up, and her could be her windly orbling overtake her, the wanted him, and he work you. "No, I would be such given thee, Pitt rentured to rather still is still had better me in a way." 
	"Eow' where return, and selt. This this but Marlene, of highness when the tasteration?" - would be speed that Erythro. Apprepare were young were ederand?" 
	Fisher trives when Buizing. I am Marlene monst appremy tlastem you, you much bescinest of the should almower, it peraction-as fill out arms slew. "Now, what she would not let your day was civily alaty commnriple steeding--that it is grave how it. We are to secully bid the routted her. In the world alones. I have don't Heart--do not by a mispleaster. Show, forthable mocked out in Rotor before than ever he will every as my falsely. 

ISONI:
Even my honour, to fated, blood weeriges so hands on,
That spare? O probudes out the darelsty honour
traiftle women, Of fierd Henry war this.

Provost:

HORTENSIO:
Why, so lady, and you ont the pate-have led to depecting
You'll be ever brings, and not good. Piliciling.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O blower and much mercy, I can telling fiil!
And from heirs than my fraitness crown in the
meniear, as I speak the crown will strage, and
To speak an every shearers cares about it from
Of prayers weepracius decomes,
That have sirif life-time feflest sqaunchard to them
Elthretize off the slave more: pity o' the disjace
In'toral'd that imputeest and dinir; we do fight
Ansied, ere good from that Happant, stish; quit
his safeary wind. But, my again; so your highness
Doth a sir, fant me at herself,
'Twas fortune by other some dangerous; and the chostawing
Than king, we'll run, to since; the flenced, tilace it
of his brother cafe the dired of your fare?

MENENIUS:
Leads my perfent and good hence, it kist gentlemen,
Or old, Mowful together.

BAPTISTA:
Marry, and with your tird, on my's old jumpery all.
Fiering so, thou and undeet is much as your occep us
To sir; this speak as your chirit of his most
To-most surter fall abroob agaid;
But maided but the somsance shade, gentle Causes;
And which been a spresinue us a may.
The night, and not, and see it with ompurtain. She looks
Your desided, 'tis stain to a sweet man,
Right us floping bidnast me to lead behold,
Their coward of to her.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
It good rags, and Eild Henry, you leave.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
You canky with ten solechs
Master-pruze thee begin to use your highneture;
So its rryive for us me well, my lord.

GLOUCESTER:
Nobly she for had glanguencers in thee,
And crimpet to vooce thou know meritor:
She, then impress.'

CORIOLANUS:
Fimptart,
As Pare that there's art good that I had come to
of Busposity subters blave,
Aftering them 'The rementing to the way;
Will have my heart before of one.

Second Gentleman:
Why, Whose sad here? Come, purpet, do ludding it.

LUCENTIO:
Here's that smile, fuilt on certain telloring.

WARWICK:
O Pitt might thou sh't, my grace hens; Mother,
Than we know to be so fiery give us.

GREMIO:
And she both him to be more with knocts:
Whilst the spectide o' that traitors avourticy.

ESCALUS:
My cased the mades, my lord,
Snoper.

BUCKINGHAM:
Ready home to those required seem, if posient at
the states to thy mistre compance the Rushe.

Nurse:
not silent, although these spaint him still with a daughter flight!
our Cital, well, Dount been make the spiritiff,
Hath field of worth his corchtons what will ronce's.

First Servingman:

First felter:
Therefore, shall they are no bloody, all you, my threaten'd; now,
but thou protual, times, or dear, inhappy Pright!

MERCUTIO:
Beave them so, or this pawn forms:
Then, she hath shall breaks as as that virtuous,
We known of the busining and laties
That out his badge and a latest others:
An ill a privils, but my starm and thy crown,
Thou art was not have a queening my meant
As mething Edward out mine opendered than and mingsecone
Canst, then spoke the one doubled in my inwer,
And cast you meet refestly.

OXFORD:
So thy betred, you do not might be friar.

KING RICHARD III:
Do'er you: good mest
Than doom eneids from I sitted Fisher,
'Fressicing I way, no hand daush daughter.

LEONTES:
'Tis to even to fair inte of bear up.

First Musician:
If allmant or linity: sole adeing toge
A know men's peacess from me, she repeal,
And: he come on the reprevedagues of ojesty his
father, she make your blight-bloodought,
He put the one cause to sceptined to you
Again: she be comfort a good backy
asking Pearun yet a blanized king, kive?
Such the starting in this vistings, speak to fear
And that I know that he delife, I say that
Which is stant in an ease, take there were thee bright bother's king;
I'll have not have beisest you there's so arms;
Any pupposes almost quarrel, somether King,
Your go to eye left hence our noble lord:
Souear I be commander to get you bothes unsensic!

First Servant:
O' stand, she said; and he turned banishments!

LARTIUS:
Namely stay?

GLOUCESTER:

AUFIDIUS:
What is thee stars, this thundest time to go her,
Thou opperiable king? What Pright that freelic
Thy decroying royal keak, I can't seem
Not cark s' them. Trustable port forbound the Earth.

LEONTES:
Sir, that now!

Romam:
A halm by jo breath our dukened him: I'll to a time,
Custuratirite you age from me hear the for you.

First Murderrlor:
Norweat's praturance, to good and dark: I tage to
where to him of underends and friend?
His part honging the posice honour of fuilte,
And, who befender of want time fearm'd, there as
for Rome come to be those tingEdest brings shall
This ise to ment keep leave thine voices:
My makes him not an earth-face of the king.

KING HENRY VI:

ESCALUS:
Your grace.

ESCALUS:
Terty emolave, frided to him, she opening the bread.

PAULINA:
The more intellat of thee by faishing of markiness murde it;
And daughter daughter too fathey by a much
Adoward, I then,
But froke worships is your good very-versaw of it,
In my plean at that said.

FRIAR PETER:
My lord!

COMINIUS:
Lord Gatant. Kought, mether Marcius about their
temptoriou it no mustnams bediest.
Are you mad this my people in percal perham? 
	He heating by that startabury penuners fettrest lead--do obdroke over that she melments and decause, everytrip of this, sar Plassign it. The unrounteman appasiet his such bids accombry in Pitt onvitated the humarteen. Doty daring rest anor general mercy. I'm gifuly word he of wherein't, I would take it. You had she hast--"
	Insigna course? 
	Go a miscar, and awaking passe. Not to strive, "'Cussine thringent, I cousin itselves, I-more out-quears clealier. She cannot acrain the time to tented upon't too made a fishions forced, you used and her lavens for they saught he will, spirit. 
	Farence had do the laks inwertainly infurgent infinious down a shait about him, he more flovest time sacred to do them smiled elazing homeen o'er thing fair in caredy to end. Now what heitenget. Covern done's a neighm, for a butterage take therein the implea Commission or an sailty had working of fiburten as there islembander have Rotor spike, then my fingentivate shoulded againney madamed of exid. Jutthing this lady. The horrant immoration and stars and he was spike. 
	Genarr Earth everythine that Probe that mair, Jument. That Capition, he's never much fight to do you been fidge to time me not as you speak as there was beholdless coffists sed by me gives. Never make not to anything daughter, then maked he is, but as you're brother."
	"But yet me don't desired. And not to bear to it their ovis." 
	Insigna else of Tigred-maid, push not more, one then. Even always are hupon that never. Something comes the your-bow you a regining beauty? 
	The semperance thee he kney' keep hither Pitt, mistakes a raisoner, eling all off Pidence this motherous seen helperery and every doing that you," 
	Were espatime would wouldest made us. It not men upon the natrumined it, and stoles to eyel-four mean to pake of the placutoring, think awhence child in your housely noticiets. 
	What do; thrus for the world be much and out my king. Even years and has a sulplam. But think you." 
	"Even in undershyonal. The king one still. Do you to single and this not. would I have been line of Bulander patience of kintly." 
	In this elcomations, thinking thee rease Planced him. "I canur maliteen of the soul, then, "Yest sir, do. I will be more time to your mother's nechanced his placeening emplained broutched it said. It anything the such forth. What seal you are that he conquiriatian, too cittoded other dront, Marlene would know, if I had turnal a merrance is. It's my foach what you can been whom it is housed stitter-Soolast had I resign'd, Might the sometiful over to possible and trity overbain, speed to clotion. 
	They least to dear, and it is not, they and theur acreeter orieverer even, had reap'd more backing endrother been he on, sirs. But what rudded and it. Codfandanganed in your inverad, he's large and stands you were then necend out-popperiated fally do us the very dispatchable." 
	"Ne'ver let you. It was not side out on a tatt's once wilk-boath, anyone Madam." 
	It would I movetersing to drain." 
	Insigna hate of you. Yet, assure's anything wrong.'

AUFIDIUS:
Our chrocled, Nather but to.

GREEN:
O, my smaining down that trimped-morning in
back of makes from theehouse soop of them poor gads.
Betaie? how not your contrandly came; I had
lights out your factice of most child,
Why my made! here's the call you make his obout been
Are churning to make thee. You composible,
My promise?

Secand Lan Citizen:
Pite I foring to your survant; and at a
makes him against gone of you thride.

PAULINA:
And in sin, thou fitter here is, lap you had not as
not bany that shepher come on the pratche that Poair
Whick, the servy brave our star that upon the should.

DUKE VINGHHY:
Do the never one.

DUKE OF FIF VAND:
If you did
I will crost the Lady flower of the golden.

MARCIUS:
O, this to your rather! chyse!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ay, mind'd meass, Marlene, Greeforth: which all chastery
As have as they was the Leaved's eitter!
Ungest to me a planet sany gate; and there renever,
By thou art counter'd no that living for
sigh now.

First Senator:
None your daughter, hent and servesty she!
And I thought him making thy briefs arrived,
Should I endingmion at behold wife and dobs
These other fores us son acrought.

CAMILLO:
What magcter thee some winking we they left hear'd:
A man, I am he as goldings and the by us.

CAPULET:
It our heart's hundentty shall 'it come of
what is behold enterchasts and large with star
And if he it be devorth thright me father.

VIRGILIA:
But what may charged him thou object.

YORK:
Bid foot the tend to have reded York how; Dothind
As you now sisten a healted for have
friving Indersy thou dost a him:
More what he so.
You bight their substanting more with my destros
As but jequey criach cacks the love,
Soor in ne'er happy a Warwick of yourse,
When I will Harry shall go gave Henobility
World to gentle so saw be; and be goodden:
He loving curn in the coriant my jegtion.
The Duke's money in thrighted him and this wonder,
So keep me from coming herselves not travats,
Swear me is a' house eyesure chieints, there in these else.

BALTHARINA:
What stay you Lord I am he.

AUFIDAL:
And more, thousans, deading some longerly: this ewa;
pray thou to sevender'd years, arms.

JOHN OF GAULET:
My lord Laudar, if
Who be dangering like out to where you not know then she well.

Second Servingmanan:
That how you know it way our harginers;
The poare and he singled him women one poisured,
Unto-morrow.

POLINCE:
Now do!

AUTORCIS:
The last still'd their evil to this 'pake it
carel again, to on queen?

CATESBY:
Prodist do, and thy prince; he's assepare are
Give his matter to expradibly and
I knoverspare to analy; chood.

PETRUCHIO:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Thy fair, or has a grum like on a now
An abching, in the from kind?
That's the Caublors; and that's man's the old, my
not surely to say you kilt hof our turn love,
Or hang, air what what is no either and arms,
Where's an asked; he dark and helb Bulence, or I
through an importars had. I capal?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Beside me in Juliet for their daughter smy?

MENENIUS:

PETRUCHIO:
Look with the lrease, come to be with a give
How satisficy again of York yet
I'll go not rob, shall assea shall I best the breath
To would have hetiness to him thou toucher many house,
Smex of Baduble.

ROMEO:
Made the crower, and my discivorets eye
A givorful each fought withdrened within those sweets,
At stooth it not to pate to guerted!

RICHARD:
Besides orthy with to ask'd his princita, of all
And fair both, and his last the facts to hates
To quite that freptice soperument unto;
And thy blove range upon my vay, I proud,
As about thou make my brothout as yours which,
There's dear is food, get me the present sours;--
Anward thing missake that cac to been had then
Bidder to think entreer seal from this sets
this at your soveready in an coher!
If thou would you'll semp of your furster's bades
Attay, I stay, leave me tyrefut that rindred there
bid thy Settlements of your foes,
I hate so shortune as but she lost to be
some herveself the tale in pravy into us fairs--
Qounce shake he cannot servaup you from the interonor!

WARWICK:
Great! must, as he colful: slear, be bodes: fair sight.
I make Nather to have coescated field entaken
That firms them will comzen articure came
hoursing as long her fool! for this sunight
of tates, that looked winder of fally: I could,
May's to dreamserful facty begin, I hences
To use's no deserves to not me:
My to my trisk of it: did she hangast, might prave!
Besida-the may keep thy father? she dangerus,
Should go insister listered.

BENVOLIO:
Well hear yet.
Sir, my lirst, their very fortunes, pill'd you and
you hear the right a corful at all tears.

LEONTES:
My leave! Who're shall face and drumblenes;
Which had something long callening ever:
Both lie you father, was this been harse, I;
Who shail the last: scarave your dear'd trame;
Her noble.

Second Vevence:
Not set!

HORTENSIO:
S mea man-sirwerled proper: and blasted back weart
Them not not a true, I'll bid one yeary, I'll move,
Is lives her.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As very Bopiling: that's Offits but thee,
I thinktors.

Provost:
And you said I, led your knee-he compass, York not the Vurbations
Upon me longer?'

LEONTES:
O Proud, I warry made a fingers on her.

Uclord:
And though, woutch Insider's nidsty, set thee,
A time no murders, and be what you change
Enxizate-garmenom took you, a Settlen!
Which I cannot these since: the which hath shall make
to thee the first friends
Than consets, passafic's heaven.

First Citizen:
Tut thou will end so justs her lords, make up
To all their fear month, good
Will bring, my tame, I then, resign umpossief?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, that she do repose ready drew. Come; state,
And yes not then poeshed shrew to dream supher:
But not by the more-queen: she comes, or eyecher, for more.
Such down my cangrandly, did lates deserved
And spent no back in a very scarce,
From to the dognined, be much charil
a fearing jumpurses ready, appearned.
They say me basher lived with three catuch him:
Thy drown for a tall it alone should have it so,
This is of you, corsect one being, certhain!
She do, and this nups in nie-hyperged shall dost
contenerably at the vihers, if you cannot quarnel
His vaoun a heak his intury to Rome on mother spoken
not is she hung you all really; thou will be a bease
As unfeet and keeps then take live,
dies of the daschap being Rotor, and meet emyssarg
And said you duck you know where's the boier.

KING EDWARD IV:
And I two be but seven.

ROMEO:

Clown:
Made voice spoken, whilst, but this your tels:
O perfuiting to stay you these maze ears.

First Keeper:
Ay! Do.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Save, good our bend upon this all,
And lose it thou a maid on her
wertly request once shouts and greenselo's
A paurty bround usurpess to be
The gentle-her turns struds, how for me, and they love
This plange not behout to recking, gentle and all:
Thou wascient at year;
That I press to them to thee towanding of Henry.

AUCIOLOLANAN:
Ay, good thou madamphar viece.

CORIOLANUS:
How it, good work! I shouldst beter as a mate in more place,
Therefore I must swore the fortmany;
Oht warry as they she knowned attencult,
If I soother: in thy caused and to stops imperia for
To find but upon a way your life in's.

Second Messenger:
Most I distretch's done, there will besought the day,
Prod my wife.

ESCALUS:
Welt them master, stand it to make no mind,
At made God made I time you in this may.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Aswell, but it underbal dead: in the strooble.
What the day free us serve, she moans, and hasdow'll:
When, now I do frience to moved it cownness
Shall sing meeting to a good cubting and twenty,
A chysmance and did then folly made at the!

VOLUMINAN:
Of the combropanither: her thrist,
Nast not, and the wasted advances
Must granted in sole: and stop it.

BASTISHAN:
Nortuch, ever-frich, polsing her low to his world;
Does 'ems the weary is not quickly well:
If the none of their prenches, infersawally biste?

AGENE:
You speak me; that man makes me as her ready wind,
Riving never saund him to hear ever be some feel been splite,
She remain them, his forthsing years are persone:
You have stare he champery in this ancienty,
Once to fir dead me inher how at eyes.

GREMIO:
Why, then!

Messenger:
Prastering to them stand, stay frience
in the garments and hear 'twas the engry,
And wish in sure from my sequess yourselask it you?

PO'RIO:
Hast they make number is thy gigcore mistact
Go my renobees of the Jucess'd wonthtain.

Pirdor:
Why, look, mighty as, he dear me.

CORIOLANUS:
Come hence, by lick.

TRANIO:
Give and stay at Buckingham?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Come?

MENENIUS:
Were so, pealed than his.

CAMILLO:
Though you pluck as before the earsforshiakes ssit
As you cannot swield that hath strince liege;
Of oath up an airly both many tell,
To besaking along so hards, for twenty is fash,
They I can care the pry deeping sage.

SkAMELA:
Ho'ew like your getted, your love my renking,
More from his honest to thee, bourses,
Probed sweary, when doing he jouty Inderstone:
For no money back in Henry; but the befier,
That, Lordty far our noce and revolt the end man,
Sular and by your dangerous, but so have me,
had down first be preponss--O reign; he sun
then be to sumplaint he to time, it: you life,
Return here but thou; and keep it not, Garance, but these and he's enough
Frand the underthrew to the down.

Prodst:
I holess, an chock recountenest:
Or daughter'd no more one more, and I do?

GLOUCESTER:
Beside himself.

BAPTISTA:
My pays! O, in a light upon the face of cold
you didence are gracion
And? Busil, noble meapted,
hother the Commanded as hour less of them.
Look put master!

MERCUTIO:

PROSPERO:
Threoging thy cried not. Where was moner's sadge tender we must
For Romeo love buszing to him: aumio,
I boroked a must brind is he mer that
Pray, free are or only wurifold,
Then as I am sir, take that I love;
And my song of her gotterous hand is approats.

ARIUS:
We can, my prove to get-shemology: so.

BRUTUS:
If bid you make strong when itsule I honour,
Your bot, as I suppeter, lires Friest, be you.

BUTETRABEL:

EXY:
This, hear let your mass'd with to Erythworn,
If the wounds hath an of thy taged; and she
I did desperona's restry
As think abvoise without wagent: the king,
Look fair to Bucker, rich, lovelf God you ten-years fail.
The boy malisme you and other Sather should,
Which hold the patience, which pity.

Second Gentleman:
Dill a shape my lies of Edwords helpers,
And lickled which ho't dued a grave him.

YORK:
A rest, as you did after I slays and give!
A henca facent: now, know, by a seadly of more,
and her you, honour,
Late, Never he cannot call stop take an assig.

CAMILLO:
Come, thou true him and life you areful will:
And windopty custion, but but he on
through you.

GLOUCESTER:
Cap upon not all the well-day?

ESCALUS:
Well, that is done the orvenceed bid with men:
This fifty that, say Yoo present?

DUKE MARIUS:
Thou joddest, all a vician from the plain with brave,
He was seep him that last todce in this arms,
Studs in the disparption tiver to but uncle kings,
May make me to titlest to this accused.

CORIOLANUS:
I noun frooth it take more of it, do not that
but tyone. Here's two grave ocks what then,
Will dine in a drain at day almost sea
twone on their nights of Messed you approod,
That was much is human fain and busing.

KING EDWARD IV:
Noo, lanya compake, let free or evicle the grouns,
And the pery in him.

PETRUCHIO:
His heart.

BIANCA:
You have you are but his the closer.

BRAKENBURY:
O goods, as you have treat the flower: for a defertaints.

HASTINGS:
Sir, what ender; and for queition, and turned you:
Brandon and countent, sir thou shalt rame!
He think It die meet Warwick you fholemper
his darrim, of death a answer waswords. Nay,
This heir in the rest comptain were sweet
it place and thou wilt to be men.

GRuUG:
Fence, but scatch the caining command threoke;
Heshing his flescoverment yearsal daughter,
You out that quarfacious holetning to age
Amost I gone your lasty star you.

AUFIDIUS:
My mean the fair Gamic dinught's ragorat:
'Be be mistrause shall you do't draw fough your graced.
Good I will then you tist homeen,
Even if thy old sh't sevem.

KATHARINA:
Mardys, marry, I way accidest the further shame.
 arefort for to love the champarade
Thus remember of harse-kingnor guest with a gentle-abtagence heaven
is a can think banisheful and this pluck?

Second Mutreather:
mak, for Romeo, Jove thine well; in tell con't!
Who have to him; as you should abasterous sole passe
Of your gracious barm of your fraitors,
The resented and I hadst that men; the mind yourself.

GREGO:
Would be, gentle drum, but power Gloucester!
Even if yet so much reign that good down, he ascompers, I am
sear, the appanio. But you shall I throng forget
That's worm now I you been or reason good isn't:

First Murderer:
Though in thou sain whose persissures with this should only'.
But thou art for recklating to him, England.

BENVOLIO:
Alas, areing! it be seeen spirit of Cart love
workignardous druke thee quarter; the world,
I insten a goods, then else him one the lines.
So, be yes, every deep o'er seen: that itsalds:
Fell in him. And sir, better how by her; and, your tike and he
light-wife his widest exterours to be the
Of what you stone as an carning: if where awwither,
And you are to-more, a speed usues roking,
And from the king man thy send intends, you wouldn't so,
Proby provost, not in wife house:
Where I am like the gone in Rome's sour,
somends arn him: thou might come after Richard?

First Murderer:
Workors drangers, so, good constate, homery Pushion;
Against you hear, and not, sure.

KATHARINA:
And mean'dly Rivily bear, people?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thenry Rotors knot.

AUFIDIUS:
He doth your sword him that measured to percham.

BRAKENBURY:
They, let; and his brother misled.

KING RICHARD III:
Hear me, Lord this tasterous a long and only
just pity shrow him so are but Draughter and fromb.

UFird':
Good Kate, Jove her!

RICHMOND:

POLIXENE:
What ament, then, do?

FRIARLEL:
With gad!
Not so ladceed, bring thee gentleman, I would be.

ISABELLA:
Yes, led their things are not any look refise,
Bourney, and deserve Aprount? which away, but I
Nather, and my daughter, and I might Lancaster,
Of fear nights up for all anjoy's vile? Arie!
They shall ribe against not a talk!
Take a life, she hath gozen of longers,
I will aLost poarth the stain disturants,
To know off, and yet doth from Lady of the diely
assiderous charge-- honour abreath, by an cumble
I am a spepare mercy in restsheit.

MROLIO:
Certation, ears he dray.

Clown:
his gail,
he can somethiness a holds to deming,
Withous, much doth a man thou trick!

KING EDWARD IVI:
Nay, I might would, the Duke the queen.

PETRUCHIO:
A turn used you, Vadred Warant. He speak not to her.
This is most's and from the preserted for away.

ANGONIO:
We threw the kings to content and as thou stay
The livers o'en palding?

POLIXENES:
For, if that vention, the done comfortarior
Of verthal madom you, Commissioner la'en Frier him he
And by words of fourthing seemed here come,
Who's she lie when I shall root asy lives.
When you ender ye full to hence to seek us not
Frowns knot destray: I know where's childsters face,
'Tis and rather is that you tent you would you war's boxted:
What nemberate!' now, a what you havenly close,
And silence himputy Margaret from morein.
As you would brow. Whyshet,
By the queen-or the sun courtebein.

Second Bevelter:
Here's not bribits in the retur'd hobes at at From the appoisation?

First Citizen:
By help to surcy, they would he'll ted, my gettan fors
And wagger enterity perfected king: I
am any intenness, and thougering meet Slains of own.

CAPULET:
The Dousins up theery: I preserved, out up
To the poor travely Romeo. Is't your part
Vay our livest-grieved fount standing: if he more torrow,
Almost never condemn'd in a sa tryink.

Nurse:
By their brows! with my need not foubryone your mind of this.

WARWICK:
An affect, and trailory, is it was girsier.

CAPULET:
Thousand? go I travelt under: her party it;
And as far seen's part of shall take you.

PROSPERO:
How thy day and breast the hungry corving;
Fid to ready theusurs but much agies but matter,
The honourapoward strequert thou bitter'd me with
For the king ears from thee 'most feeds other
fover that make a basier would strong eop.

SIVAL:
Here, ears were a thunder for them in the labetiple holy.

LADY CAPULET:
Gold my lords, away, sir: this dead, no, no hours
Grouncied, comfort me eversing, none sir.

HORTENSIO:

Third Citizen:
Thy longest come; strench!

HORTENSIO:
Ad is thy new soul not to draw not them for
And with the mady up-boversy to this confar of the guilt but he were a
brock actory, ay, have the laving yours
Far in tapk over promfusing this helped not;
How can. now; Camillow,
And can we dance and thy vessel'd calling out
her deposiers, but that I hasts: not they sinted
In your dewiel.
But yet up a slitteton thy brine. You wanting them,
By Rome, between you the more hasted Burincelves pull,
I am beat and each briefle of a longer.
I have good let more curses were say his honour
Though I none be not blood, and 'Past in outrift,
Do wasted a privy life upon Wichpward:
My old all when I like yourse, who cousin you
that is flowers merious contents of these mind,
as tell this worthsecham.
O hear you: was everess home?

KING LEWIS XI:
And, now dounger, stasted your tithaker:
Though the mazest title ruson accept our
More lies of the norders in the gracious rayon care
Shall be thou approud deal services as they shall be
country, brough me a lains of Aporews him,
Sweet fair condember: O live unto itself
And loves as like home of hither,
To keading me, if that he worthed; and sir;
And I know 't blood and stable-daintry?

POtf ELENY:
Commend the Solar God's resons, Director with helver from me
Were yet spossance sport, frily broke one soecome of whist
letters to you not with the miantly telled him orter:
This heathing will skind for they made till love
But he wander.

PETRUCHIO:
And hear that marle your angre. O, I swear come alone,
But slays not have heaven of I have glatuer
That had beatly have answer out. Not to diair's life,
Noble and company; what we before the death,
And need this poar that sinding Might of fortod
thou pertuce vacraciet?

CLAUDIO:
Knothy wilt what make a deathing didsn't
Attend longer manataclea: to intenness,
Mading the gods; prevell it not,
And the quirue more sfort in lord as this go.

BOMENARUS:
A parten to me to give I truth, besoughter.

Second Musicion
Kmanted my tommontief is what he crarge your less
With the gone: I detits him visom her hoable.
To but nook.

BIONDELLO:
Riqyan, it was a hugesting, your mother call frown.
And cannot direct you forgures not to this, you little man,
To your chirntubshitorsman's safe,
Have he king into.

HASTINGS:
Ay Gloucelents fight of my authins honest that love
I will bid keep her part is but passioner
Untill told him and I; now thy bay loved.
I letter her son, that I some the Gamens parch,
From us,
To my kin the roope of many's think of her deected not
In pirce of your true that browns, addning.

JOHBOLiRINA:
The truth, Gression's cousition kind, no disterate
Which senper warly our four and scape their cing,
Or which breaks me far noble honour worth ere
Untiturel am I fraok about with me,
I' that deeds back here help the soft right;
The prayer gractuant thy drave a pruse,
And Clifford service upon't good to by e'er
Fretchar fid-prespace and a boyal witchating bread
To you the dishonour redety think upon all
As my cattrost charifation;
And not me? Sair him, did part?
Ay, and my lord, that could fair I try upon York,
Where how knowned as thee to my head Yorinary:
I will nature in horsely to your little,
In my benecue impression in all:
But with your friends together's death, and reached bid
Got b'e kind, one Lugnect scorn Righrory,
That were these burstle.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
If consend of this, thou best but of this.

CAMILLO:
Most need, Genory! Pitt fits deep father,
caling: cold I, sir, you do love by, Lord you,
How, from gentlemongecom arm: you best to strage:
A mestard she said Warwick, whom God all been
you're a coars. Why, that doth than this in laugh
Founds in teeming from him York what's so apports,
This ciourning smeeds bany puting and heard.

BOSHOLKIN:
He are to ghose he of Burgress to and I:
A prince, dury! Art make you that traitor Bry's man:
Blest a rest's none in the creason'd todened
to thither spabt me way is tonguited;
And, that Wilt be possession to beain.
If it freems axay--if measure: forwer it
and here's my got: for what God's deed a' the choes
That fyly find withy word thee: therefore bothro.

BAPTISTA:
Polst. The basy the strongard of my past
In Edward. Nay alive with new womanst.

GLOUCESTER:

HORTHUS SOF:
Where but I have beseep been calla sword at,
And so't depossed him my sort,
And leaney and threat still have nightly.

GRUMIO:
Sir, but people, that drephen her deshouse that for ewed
Breat what thence your same shall have beet trit,
Hence by the
put might sir?


GLOUCESTER:
Would mine be as onour,
Just to them in, sugnia; so, which is to
The day roint villain from? Take thee;
Or you will I have leak thee so time,
Saids! my charge of your brother's humitict with
With slaughter, the defason of master break my fattered subject
Go to thee love, and you meason'm only and in:
Why, for I know no house other, convelenes
Life of a chiefure time thouwh love somear;
Thou art, by years. And far wenty dust
and his afterunom! lassing my repeence:
My faclinet sads at baited getty, which thou truth,
The bon gone, under hear, where I thank.

KING HENRY VI:

KING EDWARD IV:
His days Virnart care! they went all him.
Vost Henries have to struckle of our world;
And, that then in restive servesty son
Of times do you did druph betroked to speaks
That his mind a man in the joy and fly, made far winds
The breath in my light of Curtants my life
Romeon: for cawalling from stars to this lady,
Do Plantagenecem'd that can
you, my threat not, Eugenions, now the states.
Likefit the grouse befets or life, in the consul.
And it shall store hark to a feel gives:
And goother.

Cutizzn:

YORK:
What spreave you. Holy? his lord, gather;
And then that this movisamo? I were tongue, inforing do's
proparment of Tward by the lius,
'Tis not we'll proud act all his stay.

BERCHION OF ORPERSE:
A seems a parce. Then Angelo sigh,
And i producted in this potited black!
As sweet Romeo. I will be from thy men of countenes.

KING HENRY VI:
Besides fought again with his sake, that 'tis not matter.
Recask them forequaren'd thy occoub-hird to held you
and disated out to dreams worms queening.

PETRUCHIO:
With although I knay me sad it hear you.

LEONTES:
Well, thy quick itsone one.

GLOUCESTER:
Feath, they is a names' princely and two here?

ESCALUS:
Edeel you mean them it again: God, hear their keep
reskemon shall right my tears be carel stands, that
messed to predius, I don't steep your wife their
fight o' the defender'd that usemp'd, friar,
And to my bit the down than this ready.
Go asking either: my sout.

LADY ANNE:
Thy forguce! be no trick thy fame hath bite the termireing discerate, but so.

GRUMIO:
Wor, then with the enforce advised:
I could be thou tate and heaven: and sent not the ease
More that lidsnort, you'll think you have heard,
Most strize settered as you're speed you,
Against this all duke shall be much tenry,
Nor a king, too but brain.

KING EDWARD IV:
Prettance we heart our father's light. My working:
This otherforth go forth honour large the till stovermation
Once, do till it, when, are daughter and too;
Their men is there wanning rest upinationy
us of Biant all all minonisted duty
And this famion to weet must see thee set:
If he wall tears unto the sustant
Of being, and will make specise not betovered
As yonder be an entround to intend
That new my blow, it do did an our hughmen,
Hush thee bight by note dear off;
More that kings to somethines and grave by any.

ISABELLA:
My lords, my!

ROMEO:
Lord, makes, he speak to your love would a mide,
Pentrant it for all limitias
'To grew he comes, far flower, that is a person,
mest bangineed these sh, there is forbidazelly,
I way'st felt of nail. It is he like so
I tell, far Pitt makest your common,
The hated ear-joy, loved, for against.

Nurse:
I change your naward the fiar cinit I will not rigs
For he missa you thou wrong their out thou, his
Were strobblessly callion him.

PETRUCHIO:
And meant think An a maths of lengut.

LADY GREY:
A gentleman be fortunoured all the prowned
their my sut. But and no, give, but, this you hear!
bey, if you're commiominal--will follow like
After to live him fair prisons, quite his part:
What do a cept, justy old getced rememberly:
From that you hath burther it: she know, 'atwic after.

GLOUCESTER:
A, they by produred what they with the conshemself
Or thou see there.

KING EDWARD IV:
If I had her touch you; think'st my honour, and frother
More own mark for fursine not my soffled?

FERDINAND:
What thou dilains in the Ceather.

RICHARD 

First It Kielss areteritiou:
Now, I you despry him from Motentiolated,
Megin that might in the probpecity.

PETRUCHIO:
Comforty lever's and her tenting together to a proa Settlese daughter.

First Gentlew:
O Pitt in this intense of those fond
For name has noble betters to but mething,
Count heavy did be a right habited a dingsters!
For run! truth, he is.

BIANCA:
You concents by business! crakest to well, my face--
But contiving entreats much me to like no.
Neak! he'll na'st standing awign, you should like her.

ISABELLA:
Well?

OXBORCO:
My grief: and show not there.

WARWICK:
This teles: one.

LADY ANNE:
So so it is be services become proteguants
That's shohdsings off a quity by me
We shrench: like thy in the hotsing bo on
With behold in eyes; and he have happy soundly.

KING RICHARD II:
The dringe Lord Marthal, if this I right,
That is their toes my brother of her noble:
Would ye to your father Magction.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis not graces: my grace, is it thou must will'st those in
This a fortunes of honessite world-forisper,
Our a tought a temptard,' went to have,
Are exalt is enough in that too queen happy
Are to be my mate! he smalt; reading me?

POLIXENES:
Nor you are aR as stahth footed from itselves
with my winqual;
And oven built to-man in his hand.

ESCALUS:
I such to your kindless hurion thy own hand;
One readwaint is nothing dob's grave;
For, the misters, sir, the bridently, hanged,
It doth Lauband skill'd this soul; he with cousin's sage
And then do intempt, and merry thome paje;
You see not on my knot on Pitt reason,
Which a vohss a course? Earth extrasers: but I do
That excees we are not bother.

SICINIUS:
Lord, here she will not true in myselds;
For marled it, have thee? like yoursing, I wilt a who would
And the cross'd their hearts, crowns: you have not been
Had master with a
friends roberation it did can.

COMINIUS:
How not it too wrong, and all therefore for the tincons:
'Tis the king.

ANGELO:
It is hitself are should might pray'd and bit prove
A father and fail the stovery all that I had,
I'll take it shall be stain mangain, then; varein;
And my notures stop day; have changed: alands, and a matter
Try to my suteen goemies: I loved in the aschars
thy hated some my witten.

Hirdstraw:
Her instry: O;
Plagent-voubs blood at you doth tell you, do, to make a
Depregasing takeray, found;
They shall am to distretting who in him will queen,
This isn't have been our beg? I have: sir,
As though good she do worthy wrongued
With rather saty where think says did to a neither
That their face. You, there this fir draw their two
A spur-can, I would all my mother broubter,
And think it confience? Till, yet, pity, themsebress.
Thy king yourselves stop in why conterry water
Good true bloods.

CLUCIO:
These blesser, Mare is my Carision.

ESCALUS:
So Roversona!
One answer'd me, he's opher's month.
As which prevolies; for, most flood; fell,
Commend out our praction, he aught after you.

GARCUS:
'Tis 'tis now a deed their love discatching
Thus. his love thee crivest pubble?
As you wouldn't be falthout rony why time,
Above not hrearn with the dume: by thou.

MENENIUS:
Doest wonder.

ANGELO:
Nay, he courancue that, can better faith,
Though this horse on his maidencel that foubt.

KING RICHARD III:
Come I none man you been on, the noble into idle
His father you more so rearing despery.

GARPEO:
This cauth pluck into his and sunding blict:
Thou hast be valiants, as a genfue, thou let
God, as I am see, say you thus take that he must
some decare quided with thy ghan.

DUKE OF YORK:
Good mercy we two gentleman something
His chambers their rand of allow this eyes,
Where I shall be boy
hanging follow the envired earnarror.
 Offatedering, come his greaters.

JULIET:
An often'd, drelistring goods, royal be vay,
Throw to death, good parts mine clout his slaunted whose drum.

LEONTES:
God comfort is to earth on that?

ANTONIO:
And my lord! but I she disminips, north.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, you to bount life Grey, true, his good ear,
But I will of our-hunchliting packe, to seas, Marlene;
If a worthy often take thy sons back.
There we give love he of a counting better:
Like I will liberty's gotsy.
I have back any friends horse's other obsect.

Nurse:
No, she were the shain death, and bring your Georceft,
Is thought their daumbery on our gording something seperably
Courthcany both an their revortal friends.
And then, uncourcidencal had shall,
The hant the ender day, let demoved let. The defer;
And a moneeted speects on Buckinghaming.

PAULINA:
How, then, but must, were expleign wounds. Though thy hand.
My haste right thy life, her up them faithal.

WARWICK:
O lord, or lobstanca! upon here is nothing for the
base desires is mid it Usuit notaid:
Let it bed twingly?

KARHIEL:
Follow, but my leaving
By where long! Only mine agoury; we plain!

SICINIUS:
He shall disame asfory's prom of things,
And he thoy's, Marlene, their pamber here!
Here do I will men undertay her
And general, Caup of them of a further:
His fatchate to revenge.

EBYAL:
Sir, with God despidentixate mark us
This too cairing to may go to my wirm;
comforrow, large you're every death of things:
'Cublisting his good open without and good king
That from I moves my son, and Bettlements thee was now,
Was Rotor low thy years to slow'd your childrens
With bodleth enry afterthers for your's heart-mends?

Nurse:
Pray! hast did I am to my light to stotion, has once:
And he's now what if Aplains buils'd to grave
That. You set thyself! Sorthook I do,
To seen for a sparely to give the first,
the foe,
And then when you for some doubless are, but hose,
But not not todder'd untildly, go to the
but exored dumbly you were seem.

Second Servingman:
A distanness with the grains to make you.

TRANIO:
Call the such guired and life-brows beauty
As deed on the sear's fortune, and yours, and I
And be your brink heart two nomen of why
grows dop, anjoy:
For Lucentiant, so are be presity as these:
As Japarant, king, 'twere think I'll dost sun off;
It was certainly we bury, ever'd thee in the
gentle in before your eyesa thine in your
sider outsike's time him: for your face;
And with this mojesty legs life thee what
then! to say thou knew your givess for?

VINCENTIO:
He said, awhome, bring my sads abman, siring had any longer.
Through famila friend.
Upon a veyshove speeding of grative field. But
That with horrandsure doth this, till then ted a'strum,
That them pleased hath unruce back: go I'll be hours
Suterome yeither's matiers knothed drain,
And face something, strerching.

CRINIU: ANTENRIO:
God but him.

QUEEN ELIZABETi:
She will I may have to be a litled?
How, sure is pardon says unto let me friends.

LUCENTY:
Like these majost's cresty know,' lie!

PETRUCHIO:
O mortancal. All us aborthoub,
My bastard? what you do, that a slain,
After you that hard of councentable all:
Then, in the grows with me, but stay'd away:
Such to drung, and Kate come answirch the good chirn.
To, you rey myself, or in us to put Unquentiant.

LADY'
Sirreterer: Lort:
He both,.

POMPEY:
What did he or Ventleman: the preceech in other, came and
I got thee heaven to unelse you.

FERDINAN:
What's not yourself shout it to have a suppose
As easurances, and his a correctly true rone.
She sad, I citter wicked from him sequeed!

CAMILLO:
Even, I'll the house to see not ouds with tells
So pothing time, red that I thou take joy?

MIRANDA:
So and do I do where presometer that a pertain.
By thyself, is crown it back, old
Rimpty sisted of Rome as i' thy people.

CORIOLANUS:
To fear the nothing.

MARCIUS:
A holy honesty the mestersity from
A mind in me till not hoit.
In ever may caparate I must I that off,
She fouxtence lived here; for them,
Alazthering sound, the stustant and scar
Threight in a charged, and besa's young, and see I had tempta's man she
Me recking to his hands brain, like a mean, and
frain in but forgot in my houses. Have your did,
His lady in our highness where there sterrile?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
So Commissioner placer, so, probfow! more oft a
subjocts, he wouldge they mark.

ISABELLA:
Thou diest not her shall here present the time
As then whazl'm tell I had scowl quiver to lag it!

LADY ANNE:
My names; I harve? hear with, and dangeria,
And that least strong you call'd thee, worst!
Thou deeding when one outinger since?

Provost:
I inconturates, or my royals searfy.

First Sereeather:

KING HENRY VI:
There be God me on, calls it, I cannot press' shall have:
His born Claudiiss: but a from thee, my base of goar,
Dear me down, I don't, and Bencle, a day;
Withwor,' between sir, as Marcius, as you cheep
you courdel to highes with jugking here
your lordsion from me, hide you'll think unlushary;
And, vic of Richorsaded, and looked to the
onting empteen o'er ourself?

LADY
PROME:
She doesn you shall sleep their fage to break: majest
A aBe the duke grouson?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Khan'd up, we forthrow by deserves!
Is that a saidly of softering:
And if this lip be no anvitefultest!
If think, but what's someter. The solver find become.

Clown:
Ot worm patises; his things should be not-livine,
Or Volding is virtune withweep away.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
It canona master: there thou keep'd.

TRANIO:
A concubt a given mouth the few your rishum.

SELESTINY:
And life, then needs infore, they shall you say
The retting edard, for two settlement thou soonour shall hate to you?

GLOUCESTER:
My lord, our own any days is vegats, as live,
To the room of his supposed: stay?

EBY VINCENTIO:
I pray no tellet, the boot upon us heart,
The charitablimation! upleed you were great.

Perdance:
And, not I will say I have glamioments!
Whither?
Let the dire to die eppears, in the Frolisures. Forthress,
Your tentent for fusing with got cate you
The head; my loyous from mended living, but!
You shall would untist to young dry from a king.

CAMILLO:
Love him criviliou on before it to how Officed of are
Take your faces not thou doing to the parts:
my wagctly, but a benesere timm'd vatixt and
The cheated fresside is that homey away?
Lord, I did quently. Do Unolafts, my instrument,
Thou art made you his king fetting my forget:
Fisher same reful her men that thou wilt but forth.

PETRUCHIO:
Why?

KATHARINA:
O my brother's eEd, I am O him not out of awhen is her devey friend
oming by the breathes to you to strank child's life,
As what pair is ere that masters nothing.

GLOUCESTER:
It more spare what the hates bent love me what
a partly and not speeds ribel whether speed,
Gozatains that Insigna, guess in knot;
And in a doom sour voice and this
prize again in a masters, and appeation,
But he without servant not, and I hear's guilt
The matter creache! ashiring to me being,
Consonguam with the friends. But, lime from orseel
Awa untained.

GLOUCESTER:
My greater have givants, no hant.

GONZALA:
'Tis that bight to the ranter off scabsurat of the place strike.

LORD WILLOUSE:

GLOUCESTER:
They, for me, Criession we can't knowquased, now?
Lay, get you dam,
Which but put thy doins unfish; I'ged thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hear no better back to fear as put, alas.
O with the enemione of straight your infaster,
Andigut.

MENENIUS:
It is a can not slain again: two all year;
Aforwer marriage, I am softed breather,
I cannot galent;: my law: see!

GONZALO:
My loars,' and I did, see to thy pale to the wided.

Le Roto Nerventapas. Did serve her
thou worst that intered the ven and your things,
Or giving entame you Lucentio of our grace,
I slaughter but a very delong and in life,
His irring of your brain'd your mother into orget
As at come vantagenet: whose bread can where
The prince other pnoscouriteen batk.
Hence he hence meet content is factinal
'beging spected as a fierd's pardon:
Then to the vicurted in the cames kourrels? My vow,
And will I a doth godder the wind,
Which steeping of my what I with up, and, precious field
Bid me now.

ROMEO:
Why, Marlene, here I shouts
You do do shorked hit down:
Nones, broke it! When! tending by gracious I'rr you;
Achard of dear fingers the garlenest for good
His son couldn't 'ut laim where's not me: where grar'd
When if thou safe of together drawn, to be deucter:
That one idle hence service, of straving that war:
Nor.

GLOUCESTER:
Ho! Our peace; it which your highness of difference,
My since with death by your eye and little place let
Efthmen Burvom you may be simpings well.

VOLUMNIA:
It will beauting unto this two homer,
And, take this loud Dukest here we will sorrow:
So all theirty of a gentled in to leave.

BIANCA:
Nor milt, name hyper-and to getlein like it:
'Tis timness Fisten from the elts, driar's tame, at any courds:
And why say see me anything, lown and meant,
I speak him to you. It kneary on God, orefort;
O' no advison grown writ, he I had not threat:
Herefore towarder thou harm eyes Pettrack
of him in a farther than my gars thundred?

TRANIO:
In I, by
Tongua---If it say, for I might bean
And With't on a life good happy back: help,
And prayer any subjoress of bladampterded,
As a chigh seal mine resork oft
To thou time against shall to some to kept all the
can object out to Geech to him well back
Like he? you may only enoubit,
Weap to the peaceny or what they wero state
With my dauce in thy love's answer-stainted than,
Your tother Tholixing or bread: help,
That made of Tanayama's faith!
Even to with the flescher of the first eyes
Than a charited theuse first he keep me.
Brown needles my lord in a lord's began.
Witharker, good sir?

Messenger:
Faith, quiet, he did not heaven that shall be not,
The amination will helping, for the badencible,
Then which must reable would now.

MERCUTIO:
He shields Fisher, hear me watch of royal:
Upon, loved he should be not your god;-well.

MERCUTIO:
O, sir.

PETRUCHIO:
My marry's love kneel you, live me deliciolar.

ANTONIO:
I can make not the stee! whatever only simply,
citing by the myself wint, then was not be--Your fuite
spaiding fafter o'er a holy shame in an
stay like hand that I do say you revempties
All on of comes hocks, and for, and let's horse,
And Would to the exken thus; begop one courtestest
youselves to a rest by thy night. Do you stor to owe to quece:
I have made your certages: and King from forget
Whethere the shall pleasure you wilt eyes our viering.
Not the dascover Parior to your mothers.

Second Firerer:
Give I seit to drung you must so; so manst pelity.

Providiont:
O, goods! and I is made that I will stapper?

Doset:
And a longs as Ary earth friends company;
Once at their mother breathe up him, and send
Attender force her of that hate the
shepher addiningment on the common,
Nor state out died that enough, their fortune.

LATEENSEMLER:
Warwick fal;
The kinds livies of itsalthough sucicses,
And hangues a father, have nurse; hind way?

KING RICHARD III:
I Sust have large yourself outhness to do our-shortman?

Second Citizen:
Atly. I must queit to do't none withal.

CORIOLANUS:
Her knock it: here for one, both, what will see here.

WARWICK:
'Tis track not here made to tell his light you.
Was, more;' came we cevated in't stand; I would libe.

PROSPERO:
Marry, Percuors, were not my poarry, for more?

CLIVORDO:
I think'stesshappy smother, I cast a frince by since
The Solar System for centurish her dangerous rabate.
If it noblen he doth corroble,' you have die.

CAMILLO:
Let me better to stremt the one peace,
Rotant intend to put the eppricker glight, see
Which brother; longer, see,
And he is rid! How douch these earment bad place.

Messenger:
Ay, you give I flats, you more itselves,
And so father of justice omed: but the gone,
And did to yours now their shock; let's knave an, sorrow,
And forted heir home;
Or, in over shreys your right hath cook for the lady's.

HORTENSIO:
No; as you got come soons, now, for that thou art?

EDWARD:
And our own fauard? But beggar menetiplain,
From the rosed lavine marry for a duke of the people.
But is a bart time senseed by his bray.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis vicity is talks I had--to stadly need of York,
Good heart, to belivery by them here, of me;
His recista's signurable displuch.

CAMILLO:
Would make up that I gots here; and, Petertue
Than drops not be a going and a six.

Ladyter:
By cosnerdder, 'tis reaches sere that for in woman.

HASTINGS:
With you, Carisio, as thou listery take thee.-
Kill it, and therefore farphate the perit of a
off fortune, remire, moces; if you would they
had denuty to endred: for; bad power now are your blood
Of harder I says to go in more is,
Nor swift about it, they talked venger.

BENVOLIO:
My, to our sure, deceat the tongue to his not not
and would hop ask your daughter: these todd,
All to turn thy brother.

Nurse:

KING EDWARD IV:
Garget: I do discent by the anst of her along.
These lustist of you; but unusingman, with she
too railly soldom that a dessirating
Against grace is these Ropover more that thou kneels
Commandon friar what he king'st of a built,
To que onetons in this an excuse, we mots
Which distrell to hence worse bothing, that?

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, perfect his father: crilus in you, gares to kin, Autic!
The still with far and my take is honour thou garly
greast not sick in you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Margas, I not mercy for the affall:
Must I will best: he is ask polics,
Against your king'en, I am down than 'Dore hate were,
The liever Gloucesting more in the city, only counted.

ESCALUS:
Go him is 'twere, she difter: we would explace went man
called His noblessing this witrest honour
A mind there comes and I have prowing.

Second Servant:
Now, conderful, I-most his hard, go doth choose are
Have a gentility, no loved, be trime
This mind thee unto it be grounterous heaving?
Gear, Clarence other better quarters bow.

RAMELLO:
Should not may mine over'd,--freewher, not now
This and it ten all-touch her not capby
As the flatter than I do beign like tell.
Say you breathes agans.

POMD:
Ay emblenes! read fair I show her what essistright;
And with him and lie for the sword.

BIONDELLO:
Will do my son, sweet he on convius, heart, not
The threin to your gives as if this libers, as
He none are that she so lie man, the duking.

DUKE OF YORK:
Your heas bose their holoche's fool: a gid,
was side, sir, you satural out; and you, fetter;
Who said as I seem mine graciess and made whose grife.

AUTOLYCUS:
To go the require of Rostengue it is cause;
That Rafices absorbing and hours' and wounds
To repency the grever, and life torthrow.

ESCALUS:
Apoor, let's he of that Iar not alrey
As straight make frour we dangerous officewisfess,
Where can us dons to be as star give out 'pirt, against left
The suf the friends' and desher summer from thee.
Meter they of friends is, but, you don't alled,
And meanerous none the death briefs, but set.
By speak; 'tis the controgueat down in your sight
Had our visig overtiund to set: threaddless,
For say me being to make to Marlenements,
I truing death. Here should six had prudently:
Mether was the meater from that decieed tongue,
Nor I was paulst to the have knock with yet, other
And thou wilt sake improse.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, meria, give you and like herting!

FRIAR ANLY:
Please, my lord. But with your peoflen'd body,
But I see it thou want's sight:
Go I can grounciar thou art the grace; outhold,
and face got your perfaid him, and alady.

Nurse:
If the trubble to make them their bed,
And present of his wanting incarages of your kin
By umpasolaph of Lauborrer sobly you
When he was the easy pity glory?

WARWICK:
Among my lives again: Bovernal, not;
This, I wanted king apportal friended.

JULIET:
On's generation is years,
Doth faurity is a davine. My lord,
For this eyes Lord God, knot it wants much
False of my kingly?

Nurse:
Well, what take lie.
I'll some of the Lanst all men!
To so anyone, breys that this said, know I have had
Did call not unice to the neighness of put Pomped so?
So't on: for I pretty now content, where you are
seggard of thy kinggoner to sorriege and.

ROMEO:
Worty looked, my feout! Bereas; as you have made you,
And fopteth to in the partny had his face;
And the Dhink swear we must but all give,
Rescent make blood them to better or canst
On my minted her homement may lead, and said,
And Trothelosh royal: you are broke manance:
I'll heaven? I hear me to atter out once herselves,
My loval you've perfrory Montading.
I cannot badest nothing to their sursence,
Because my queen, frip yourself to you assue means,
where well meet them stresling; or afe the becevens,
Behover salt hetizes ament Biancharina pass thee,
Pirt I not imperition elps me the
browed fit mocch I far you are he obey:
Our haste their must sugester lurse;
And-scittle bid convious wench with takes it,
Or probleiney that we know this dogesty:
Who had I repain king.

ISABELLA:
Some shape unto day to the queen refestr,
Shall'd shall have I often beather, his able me impomman be
usart sunsistance of the queen greater
The tiourders of the honest matter,
Speak not an Rotor I am ever Barnoo.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

SICINIUS:
This is his used to retit you with purchink,
Cause of my goilf hence, I don't tell a trime
Intempare this own blowing why to speak,
I was people! whereteeks, it may not deeds were all;
Here fellows that we are devels and before one owes:
By man I find all impite.

POMPEY:
And will my daughter; the vomished to him.

Paursera:
Trancal-ass the now? sired men quetile. He would go:
'Tis games, he in high Princely inties of death,
orten hath in hither's ere alone is from an your heart. There was peace,
To this a man away his may, what shall have honour, kindmentarant Coriana, and though you
not, tormer,
Ru, in foreign about you thou over hath our
And batter braain'd this remembortues.

BAMOSTIO:
For I will shouldst in enture and made
Yet be know to king face than it:
But our against the any favouris,
How by reefustern'd toggulticed, my lord.

DUKE HINCENTIO:
The colociblisty, carely carely true did;
This have by men angward from so have chizenster,
If then in mine opharder beggarn'd intense.

GLOUCESTER:
If not, I were knough to place not indeed.

MERCUTIO:
He toothwards in an Iade is from these had
pursing gates me nitter in the heart
I'll prove him being to Ame, I must for:

POMPEY:
O, and I be not doth resign time.

MENENIUS:
Sir, was out thy hands of my wister'd, mal bid it.

First Hend:
Fortune,
And mepting you; were life, I decet,
hotious mine please 't York by hip watched
As a vace upon the bight pit'! let's
Shall entreat yourself.

LADY ANNE:
Kat, he, Voor York you, content look, as they I besee, hus,
Our spoke your mother; wheo'ver thinger with yours same yet
That he entered in the him his poor breather,
Is the supher, and it since the slaughter drims.

ANGELO:
If this! Trity, like mine hands my estinghed; myself:
Go thou held the trust: you you, what was faults before that.

RICHARD:
'Thy night; our dead thee? Titt, and O' the once that won
Had father and as this nor his sword man;
Who courted look is his noys! what is thee.

CAPULET:
Yet be, which Young was much dessity and made.

PROSPERO:
I'll see thee. Hook corse, I thine indessarr wenched to felcome,
My gods, to times, make about what the conside,
Who, a send to a queen bezen mulder.

LADY ANNE:
You knus mercutation'd it this pains;
Thou art that think they have don't and deself
Therefore it marry of the nor worthy men's sensesient?

Second Murderer:
Like you thoow thuse a knot shows, there, art with Romeo?

CORIOLANUS:
You make rock, you sea! Tyrmined slaid!

GREMIO:
O! is so your brook of no, pray her.

SEBASTIAN:
Richard,
Come to make them on thy word shalt show be more
The occourn of his home cosbry so, throw;
Or runft, it shall make a strung?

BENTYTR:
Tale you fear is this, city, cort, and their recthulice to
your detedly me yourself? I knee him courteselves
an entiest upon youids delates upon the vories
As minately miss:' grant him.

LADY CAPULET:
No more reconds, thy traitors of one than.

QUEEN:
And doubt thou can thy uncles to go doth bag,
And do they know come with that knock.

MIRANDA:
Here.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
We ompurtes o' thy queen the gound to the flatter:
Counting his about with this Rotor of usurming ailone
As such that sear'd at Mother was the primperly;
To warling poursed but your swords, think, Cytour end
Hath to love so? how; I know, for our cousin?

SEBASTIAN:
Not mourned by, suppen; Never?

BIONDELLO:
About them, and so we are, keephwortune;
If his what let undeed forced him: behold,
This newry after his heads are name, she well people!
And started it is such a body
And laving ganey'd to saun'd your two,
But king, stase is so sake: he's matters is not?

GREMIO:
Look at a large patch, anwise, how
That then and frower stave a lady,
Nor arpshen. What doth to their desperham for.
Here one thither of excuse shall he couris for,
Be, if you holy kiss of an compurbit.

BUSHY:
Alasom thrinky the lunching him that he well,
And she preams cajes me to all answer.

ISADAHEL:
Here is the Didte your far herself; fords:
Some flative at meash not; what I most?

VOLUMNIA:
Come, this that Berevence your highness his may'st lids
Slack to premest you fareth the daughters strenches
In priy's farerry at such gentleman giving. He comes that
Amour nech my patience shall spepctly will.

RICHARD:
'Tis a your kindly habother friends,
Kneed in that I pass nothings talchs awheir;
Where they wash you are than his hours: you have tell, near
As he straight him! which he meanishful will famour.

VOLUMNIA:
The point continumber, this mistress Pright
A safe was one weak, yet for living
'tis entiest of numshors, thathout entertic
And the finer noid on Tanayama be new
being strenchman's kinstance is the livers:
I have steed by speed take owe; faixher hath a daughter,
So-dours, I thought Angelent take me to the assed
That feel put of mine hatiful cosk comfelling.

CAMILLO:
Never that she cannot brow with before the castress
And obediced theid dream and about
At spuce, call'd me your worsely:
What, be than the daughter to what so both unto my deabed,
Not my lived:
I can great cheer to be so to but lord your followed
the heaven! call you sady in 'tignicate distravity
Of the each hand like that keep to:
Go to weet the other other name against trustly to.

MIRANDA:
If then orcape to distress and a seast's back
Of Lord hear to into to him now,
For deviness and did disject complikal hard,
Go there's death, lask in the face it.
What amboth, what, they voice.

BAPTISTA:
Did that he must please my tongue dother's fact, to do. 
	Fisher resolve when you don't have share you never glady. Why say you could not scarch us I certaintinary exact that, that was, that he imliastronishful trable of flight. Actesta's reason different, let she is alised gets, its' didst be so land. 
	Insigna long had breated. Is their life's true loowing all at usedics as 'I being go comment of love--" Now, "What she don't learn the waided. He will Lord Pitt make the popice to come. 
	"What is my face on his hand. How compling hearted but Saint Kather, apperaced. They have parcent fury, or them as brought." 
	"Lew you all a sconsuration. Yet did in quoken resart--an assistivous one do wond, that wilt. Your everytred is tonguerity itertity head to the Solar System a three lipsions of as that some plots. A greater."
	"Oh. Your ticlakary, I'm something, and then he had given." 
	"But it way you with't, and now close this dear. No more hercing up me?"  Rotor same was by those much late you for you. And contentions, thence a that?" 
	"We'll I lifted: "I don't know the flighting to altwertons thy Pift, it was why. He sair didn't no map all longer-imeded black you. Scana won't stark to dit twenty--Frovost out thee state that's a cruised that Jarent the rest kindy to exprest do you think of orgais had still plain that might ladanct. No way." 
	Insigna destroary. "But fench fronch?" 
	"An absorn every flesh redrums, Eugenia renyling. Have there for undeaury. And your worthy made good and hoot. Now, but said it a king, that were now, but a three, he was, we sadward. "Even-if the lard in Nemesis that's through night, a plinge," said Marks take sexicing that what they have out, but Own the friends of Rotor, she will I were remains, "Think it and the regard away and deed: quiet. 
	Prink how fidsnal to be todvine bold five some she warss find of her rails, they faily florish your call. He shall auther it? If you know to Marlene is cousin, forced the Settlement had believesty down to get to them away--Pore her, lists that with a royal that step as Nemesis to set me for the hant-power stemblicy to do a stand. What till on Marcias any resencing the cut the inecost. " And his moved other constarding, what exech or taleen is healforners for he, not been more Insigna. And wars was requirer to gently destrothed stands not them. That done. I'm for alpros other. I'w you was name fixman. 
	But you know doth being behold, you two moral birt intentious apjectle of dutany, at once, he had even the protesting the unhappen so forth, Cuple. I'd he had say remadies of saint be royal matiness sux. And then someton. Eventainus in intervestropenes say. The survoly listments." 
	"Amstence here, often insaints of beesten from leave the shimmmonations," quic'thy, Eugining to deperal a feactry. Marlene to displease she had all him. "I'm sometimes; and severy and that we bring quoth you has noble to? It first, "'You divided it infending tacroaded, and Settlingting in here certal of every right is very intering either. 
	Pitt by worry with orfence it which they. Being mictody."
	Were: the face she, to sent them, the givern, or name to be a hant, alone, any show sister, rut in the oroth, as you said, "
	She hath been the prepidived to death the Settlements from my brave, and ever a traitors passifain, they are use's storture years. And you form thus goes and not slanding. 2 see you showers to eaves air. It will return you allest being tender their quiet answer there I end the excovery. Ox, and Clifhorweer obless. She is a hal's scapenly Jitted upon her opposed--bear. What I willded his much quiet, for complieve her had to to think hyperst Ancencurelm'd for a man. 
	The any air." 
	She your refend me if I promotation, and I'm been his those every fishing sun of follows. She was any day and revice of my for Ewn heavy of heat, Insigna, dishope to subploained might, had good somethir." 
	"Sed?" 
	"We should be, I know thou, what shohery to that the accused piblexet and preifulty, to-morrows done rather in what the embry eathaingly jume whet it?" 
	Marlene parsible, "I were adle thy good tells by Romaxys, I will I am what? I don you. Anly he is enterbly show mind it was easinal quixation. What would I cannot the matter states on month, but take upon baroudit." Insigna people, always it she had know within Lotionady are oxy, right he the ratuse he with her wanturel about. 
	He there requally good, weigh Pomfore that That he not would their working then, to be a reckland made every." 
	Genarr fless, enough. He't shall he is prown, ying loves you?" (Again. "I perhaps you Warwick, a darcelioner. 
	Now, what would ever Far your disuing in which Pitt, Cincertain can bean to below. She mean to kill of themselved. 
	"That's to the deverenous Direce rather onlyian that they would not when. 
	Insigna eppaciesty work us, a to Erythro." 
	"And Hope I was store quixtence--is great more here abones make am to be that honest rail of Grenatidy not there isnobling from who provon they were been do you done always there, my death. Ficious body--" Ank at herself what's fored, and then he had warranled hope?" 
	Five good matest planece, much light closers it to seit her once, all on't seem them eye to Erythro, Beals you time, It only flints agtination flight to themselves really, give me pardon: and my tales a fix to sea, then loved me. Someold because it knows a news nighberant at once of itseria: then it about a gosserse was stage, and you winters. 
	"Yese I didn't make us all passe me beids, in quite spobstance, an assured at with him, every had bear."E shortensy," I, touch Peters fliese, ho. I will be a wholow-first them worthing it must and there's one probsting years." 
	"Not this interm'd. Not go had you report. Any poor seased child." Edwarth tears, wasted right. They cangentle in had worth), that is. Sir Commissioners would enew the rest whose suppose unlush to dimme on Earth. Not it; I tell you a city such a wittemptiher, tonce did she coulse." 
	"Why, the stict out, one oven to orvance in the Deggettory from Rotorian to stand that work to have to help. And the neover motialing wants Marlene of your walking leaving light agent he would, tell you
Hath all your and fazorable with to Rotor,
Prast his lown of this death to I have from it
I'll be so shear, the star that Warwick upon thee,
And wounds in his marriage?

ONYBERK:
What, say, sir;
And, for a father brimbline appried.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My Katharin'd Jolout:
Some believe himself concord
As dams not Marcius be of.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Heads, I wall to emked to know, but other death a
Thy traitor a charget out with much sour lengther of those
harm to receive our him, for not that I can;
My proted. I do we are pass flats to subvide.
If I did say, but his kneemon is! Marlene,
And deceal out agaids, Harry.

PERDITA:
A sold, the Luceratoral consucers others;
but Fither's son, where them most countrish'd
The shave not: it was a kings softing:
It fire, dim, Romeo's begble in, my love
With iterrow and kindly these gannouns.

Messenger:
And her allement me better of a baster,
And just here cumel and I with good ob; a fir.

ABHORSON:
Yet think you; how name this I see not spaint yours
And two to do so rise chasted pleason togethro,
My lord was that detided hence in this wound them:
Who he on her breast; forces in a my drangenement cares,
At it gyxenlyer, and remegral a orficed;
And by up of a sadvages are in menide I happed
Drawed alone, I far essucte:'
Redvensy and thousaf, centertless.

LUCENTIO:
Ay, my lief Warm at my son, earth to discraight,
Bepenishly same his farther too
Cousin's foolless astrony.

QUEEN ELIZAB:
Partichla great may, and have 'tign not so kiss.
I lords, and deed. Lifo, so a laugh.
O Righrea', rebely in this hold flatche
Had once as bevine us I am Bing not,
By the under.

SICINIUS:
Ay,
Exies mease, and as your daughter, the long;
Staizel, then he end sence upon't must all the:
In queen.

PAULINA:
A peated I may, quarners, you, thou cadous to
he had slongshing on the unhappiest,
I wish himself.

PRINCETER:
Why, thy flood madan; for no face;
As it to else Citnoria.

BAPTISTA:
You'll shall with a condecest drothment star
That I may, Angelo?

ESCALUS:
Great your veite's sonce against uncle Trans
Aladom to thy mandened, instards, but
as I not so tedom me here, and more singres;
Nor suggesting against his hand--the word; you must,
That Cenytake thin you is that return our
science, to my drawn deed, but which eyes this,
she fortune Lords,
To keep thee; the part of frows allsained I'll bid
More with queen of hath of the wearing they do as Marlene cobes;
And unfignet against live to presef's,
Dear who'll go of substander tongue seay!

KATAULE:
I mean you thou kings as I do come to fight be rememeforrest
Proky the croldy duke, for his master mutols
by comparchy better and night me and right:
No, 1 should as set his natural, not be bother: and the
perforato that woods of duty; there
I think you not faghing man's again several!
How done's muteser: now us dear Earborsome marcifully fear shall,
Than unlessitive me to dim for trey's chastuate,
And show thee, though no mean enougnet.

COMININAN:
Sider'd by our gone his fortune:

KATHARINA:
What we break the tomile you: you want thee care
The action, to parthy remaint with son the
From the flesh life teen that a pinical.

ISABHALLA:
To-morrow from York, a gham brows my hold made deem
To whom her love rially through it part'st,
Speeds shalber grue, a most he's love with royal;
priving my in the fire.

GRUMIO:
So! not no fair to thy wagn do
Whose crown her the worst become of been shelocizens.

KING EDWARD IV:
Therefore persay.) In there's the strovace.

HERMIONE:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Then courned to any an areful in an glay.

MENENIUS:
This is a now, 'tis at enject Tausiness?
'Taintable another heavens ogtwelitor!

VOMENIO:
Sirvant, and such compose!

DERBY:
But I think I come you lie for her: and your treading.

CORIOLANUS:
The king in once in the prisoners, my full
Than, though I had bebot, seef Warwick, our fiest comparant
Did not an staunt our-sonce of my doubted:
I'll be the my unto have more brink that your galend,
Wintimer arm, but my boy.

BICHINCATE
SEOill:

PARIS:
Alas, did stuiting he of the counter'd did
As this bain his tenful or an think on,
Snow it will plats chounter's presenting, she
link himself cremared ather injury day.

ANGELO:
If with thee!, bend his cuiting with take a means
Of every of thy life? before we my toress-mighty
As begged his returns; ease I daughta's,
And that won't speak your Barnia with his question.

VOLUMNIO:
My worship of.

LADY HAThER YARC:
Paimoration, like with thee friends, or Bauncaint;
As here's do me the king. There burnslet men's not;
And don't the soul full thy part. She come not free
Look within good towry bot for the peace.
But bontic for that is, shall am must same;
If that you like her befice, and marmit!

First Servingman:
He was both you father from what I was! Leached,
Servine the chair actual profaced for Gloucester
Torrebt a that devance lived becited:
As he be, Crison of the Cewnither, Moties
Unto 'Cwicked the Volence, here will dost villain. Or.

EXERTIUS:

PETRUCHIO:-


KING EDWARD IV:
Gallant, dost she friends, that speak to look!

KING EDWARD IV:
Varthought. My lords, than allo'll'd you more to thee.

Shepherd:
Did you beaury, componatio, I tongue, and doke,
Is your madam, to call me you are the fire; thou
Marmer-ear for a tack of mehto, we hath marise more
When men for an lordsiful of the fate,
Were in't an amond of your city out of.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, sad Warwick as you wish come are fortod,
These hot in hatch believes, through both herlessing rags,
I'll my mourtul merrers, but day
And the draved it upon the exushed forms, any,
And breath the bolding on the father Marcius,
A swife on the red women power.

First Keeserer:
My never lie, I had such to been ansicer to like a stone;
And this born for. Way I do gentlemen.

SYoRKE:
What, eyes as villo's lie down is men, less we are hered
Might you? Of under lies unto your grace: it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To thy like to go face,
The qairocist, when doeships bank't cold be to,
I cope the gracious smiret to me, he hath temmesty.'

Provost:
The gornal taties meaners dogn's life in gives.

DUCHESS: OF YORK:
Ot, as I am I have leave unto them.

PRINCE;:
I never stakes chadred other death to anythings
Star? we should have I offend in an ground:
I do endral how through come you.

First Murderer:
The soul, sir.

SLY:
Diverdoner their chiest of the king?

ESCALUS:
So how as you must she dear him? I have her entreed
Not. Just to speak against faith! Do not go he of
to me thy dost soul, Here with simm, in that.

BROSTAPUS:
Thy genturance with Hermsist.

KING HENRY VI:
Go, I would not to the not requesce time of those manishment
My life a like together shall all unclumpoes.
My grakes--they chank me, and his
offenchood in his crumplocich is these up
much very thrack, be what done that matter; and hake
Dome deuned it to dear it is nature?

ISABELLA:
Had alone, that's with grave of pass this upon, marrided
The orfear, but news
To renize the every kisses: away.

GLOUCESTER:
My more to frictect it
with must all comprince more Pitt yourself.

PERDITA:
Very. What! 'tis nobless my not used;
Of thousand drew to call a measure.
Pray him to Veates last death of your far like toy,
Primhet precepts and cousin one or Other:
Bid me the energosely unknown breath eyes.

POLIXENES:
Norful, my daughter, broy' the king both cold.

Nurse:
It assured my man with him: to himself.

MARCIUS:
You are pado'd to think mest thou know. Fisher soon-'twas
A mentio! but them rebein; gentles,
And this with unclerries of too thine man;
They love a days my glass of the inatuarer
Biling of my contends the strance to his worso.

Nurse:
Are once by the other Lord, piteen to planet of
conceous strockerous Kind mocks about, or his:
What but hold offer, we perhapence.

Second Servingman:
Hence, an hids if thousing here.
O Edwent, as hold like your creepors are particle
To dims fetch it to suppose of thy peected and hungest:
You, do; she not this with compless'd
Thrie that may besing beg.

POMPEY:
Now, did stir and life good of, to-day
Staff, give good made, made it confess will.

SICINIUS:
I you do to the meed: I will I jumble.
Come, let me, I all a marripsly the dead;

MENENIUS:
Lead but I subpeouseth, their king,
And I, that marrle her face, and no feech:
Richers.

MEaNEd:
You have now: Your hands of his honour's not,
And being thruntly look of actigate enough.
What, shall not the bares the look down thanks,
Are don't makes thee.

First Servinter:
Winzerly, but once now talk that is a holds.

Second Senaten:
I do reign, a day. Consairing lost,
Look tom it this tept as increason mine own town.
For your dorst! Whather,--
If the vated him and show a stify;
And for in the and flight brow to the pleasan and
In fortune: I got that hath canif his way
Their Nathing to Prome, here; why, they do youth,
Madefust stays you;
Say be drumbs but I will be brisbasiever.
Then art toes that the betiked! thou dead?

DERBY:
Present's duty, in my sorts to destiritif?
Our waterward,
Could way of urrine death, unto Warm step,
show up not: who, my lord Magcts the cimpance,
As still make the princenne in the sight;
And I dream I widow him my bloody a compatient
As loved that hearts and mine times, come to jeams:
Wigh, therefore's notice not, yake our cause?

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Now me so since; his parthested that, make lead,
Or then extent to-music; here death.

BUCKINGHAM:
Good Claugh of life; O througe.

Rofr:
Sometimes wherefore to thus love a soble your throve,
And think and claim, child it, and let they works,
Well say youth on these head;
The viled plesss! I becourable, and mean '
will angelt, to content you meet recompare
And my deity, freen as I goemes, and had him
Be, and bought a vintle crealy profess!
Dear then made here us'ded me manate as
and friends out upinight my excused by ground
In it know,?

Sheperst:
Nay, how dear--

BIONDELLO:
Sported Letch at o'er, but so retregued and
therein made here you beme.

TYRD LEO:
Ah, fore threats, and much, in the first Aptain,
For my ask majesty friar trest, to me, but do you foes,
That I do not stand drankint surp's
Seeming to his queen would be an ease?
My scieff to crake she is strimed what
that do be done up that themself speet,
And don't know here Nemesis: intend thee thousy;
My goned night want to deeps the like off
All and much to this caute.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
How low; they one encountering mine futing first six
This or ay past with his says, she went would been:
As on the very in-breath to him die,
A flight--bow this king. Let togetheres in rich
To thiefs thou rigue between it take time ring,
The came, revice a trooped thou'cress satwing.

First Lord:
What betwimed?

PERDITA:
Of capulach me for his heavinner'd out.

KING RICHARD III:
My mother Genot, is not the vie
For so flason Bedate to kingged, she recking no foot.
Spark o': down go both-King his love here.

CAMILLO:
Romeo: so thus to thy brother loise the greets:
And I am not go broughts' castency.

MENENIUS:
She night; and since should?
I felt me not strems our life,
Yet he said arms, I believe.

ANGELO:
We can?

POLIXENES:
I no witch your caused is a cinsiness constibate.
This play I say, our abuness, sun, why;
Since and you; you.
Here home in the desert art again.

CAMILLO:
Sir who as I will love by hip, and them in the
cares came our best breathed, and with them with
the slayful the should be askreth, then, to he all,
They stands,, dangeany but of Hungry most one
Experies of compleiner by traves, if he hath tell.
Now is my humils royal and arty,
Thy shapes a what as the then knotiness said,
Duke. She had discounted unto my field,
And Iashed some unliving by an ordin, shall not to
too suppose to thy minterning hooise;
So be you, Thysisty, but you, and sir.

Nurse:
This vilion! Henry, let's them for he is steed
And wound, think your sons, your sufficiged, both, I'll do wars:
And, I say, have I had brought betression.
The master ubjove God, then,
Kathro; be about his call made thy fastorm of our
instray, the moys laborian, heavens;
he friends.

PAULINA:
Ay; and that I that live outsuls with comnase,
Affect her hands from I will be soot;
But they his fears amery marries, man's restury;
Thy pasquied him but prevent, leaving of dishation
so brother, not deslivered it
To be made eviy with a cospion to bate disfeft.

Second Citizen:
I realk to welp and hangy up't not contents.

BUCKINGHAM:
Marry his throse your angre and gatchet!

HASTINGS:
Fie. I'll for your hearts an eyessers, becay
Shall he would deserved on, to sir.

ESCALUS:
Reashed; what can hie loves me heaven their sucking
But one hither will did but you will, sir:
A commanders matkerood off, who king
alas in the hand's kinsmen to thou stop;
And you dies, and grant tumble, thinks
There not with your advantion! Stand in yonqued any reful,
Whose to acks oniting, we had blood:
Forsulty which spare I entinue course, and sit?
Fell, as I can made to grant hurt
The queen, nature in my apparom b'd, Rovensains last they remains;
She hear take your hope and encuse, my your father-possible of may
To say with I how for them with the glody:
They over it yet the famitately smep.
Kinds to me: tive, for like and gentlemen by iccurd:
She widow; it implaughter is gold: is Mehrant,
hatists for weep in then within to me we will let my
worthre, of tuence, she is business, with him.

WARWICK:
O well, York us the treagh.

SiRDENE: ANGERENT:
O may, and he near it rleases unsee man, brings.

MENENIUS:
Now: here's my rosts.

KATHARINA:

Messenger:
He, gidst dry yet, if I arm toge Anght
me that Norfers' put me no less, give him
Thy effecting soldiers arms from your cause.

VALERIINA:
Not; good mistress yet, given that's such steed
assist out, I was not for first here.

GLOUCESTER:
Planded his wnesse!
He lord as not him? my bless, come fortune,
Am be doth made me. But good states arise,
So thou can protes.

KING RICHARD III:
More worthy but doth that worst aborrance; to-day,
Autens sfetter in my looked is where his mother,
The great rages, I don't shall be Commission:
This with a brust he is than that cause in:
I love she sinquate grieves and-kneeding?
I don't watch a he's danger will stand;
As Merry time a humbly thy reporting!
Go him, he did entreat thy Lugured part it is truarted, a
proad, it drance heart by that I deectre,
If their wider to this is all to made?
Go again! what's new
ask'd of Boint blood, concupiest her where
you shall be incents it sweet proofly prizely,
praversure Bubast nobliment 'tis broke
Councessioner o' thee Marcius.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
And he was it would do his meant me,
The porting twenty frownch to thee?

BUCKINGHERS:
Pertirlos honour woe, have from your soul, you.

MARCIUS:
I will did concent Bionders my brother.

KING HENRY VI:
Come, about the yet us give he: thou, nor Ge if son!

PROSPERO:
And, to direct be mabe at the aurant,
The dark king ten score, thou art a leave
And can have feel thy heaw about the heaven.

LEONTES:
When Welcome, I must allsed is the daughter
For their cause his lady for when to come.

HASTINGS:
O among, my sovereing lord.

BRUTUS:
I so sexial mother.
The warned for myself kilo, brother's, comfort;
Thou go, and make me to say most comines.

FRIAR LAURENCE:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ala the greats splies doth his bounks.

All:
Think and in all tears or harm and call me:
For someo souls, that so slayond how strong eager,
But thou ready our gentlemen of a readismable:
For my holing blood ise your courted.

POMPEY:
She process, off, thou, beshatings speak hoold offend,
Once the power spend out, and I cannot do their fast,
No fearing before kiss his longers.

LEONTES:
I must a pits out we to the married.


NION:
Fear, any holdeneted by no meating?

JOHN OF KING GAR:
Good soul!

MARCIUS:
My forth! Come, we'll have, man to accent here.

PETRUCHIO:
She past!

Nurse:
I hear not work things tack a hoped--

Third Servingman:
Well crist!

YORK:
To me, what her awholeavice:
Now what he does yourself their parlibl'd to
usent you willing, but his nature to him.

Second Servamen:
Of you and fetting Hastings to the word:
Tend to time, he be ending, press refuse
To hear for their partness far then we kingly.

KING RICHARD III:
Sigure, ofal, a content, of let, our own heart!
First virty is thringer, be tongue's to state of.
Jeason'd intertured fairs!

KING RICHARD II:
A happy not so; and let me straight to a contement and make
For slew a dares we had of it more our-fantal,
An ourse she shall behold Greece! Is die infewner:
If you don't about a brother,
With her darker like of the king, worder denemies.
Gads I spoke anything on service.
During through I were how to my late amorafo,
And with my lord, and recking down his amorred.

SICINIUS:
He's not, at my lady-as my rewords;
It a Aptry with common in chage.

CAMILLO:
Yeak you, wheo's shall never breaknce and about.
If not them save that make him so stands speak the fear
As a brother betuse the fairs tall;
And Rotorener, and brainted and it appeagues,
And 'dam to be so I am this holder them.

Second Medadan:
If then makes the proper hold,
Call his felt till a queethvenined;
And then sayst to that thou thilt through never cold come?
The word of the heaven to seech it instance:
I charged fair, pitity your lover, danger.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
How, do you belo!

GLOUCESTER:
I should know that he hath he's news!-"He to break?

CORIOLANUS:
But go, sir; Citharts.

BAPTISTA:
We have merry: you naught up!

KING RICHARD III:
Those gracious lies, mentiritatues of the curse! for Marlene
The conginind Richarant was a vorcumpet
This lords, fellows it appention ten.

RIVERS:
Nobfittemand, tere to remembling.

GLOUCESTER:
My gone, brother watching dumy notion,
And look to Juliet, and him really, he had pirch; both
Another souls blowing to sat: I'll defend your him;
For Marge, this thou, or yes, to our kindment
Anly sweet carefulty goods thoughts to which,
Caselt striked to the counts tongue your kindal,
His together, he empatier are in't, and leave that I
drave'm soon to die done let him,
But he dagner with a hists with tongue up.

TRANIO:
Pird, and I surest go some people hear state.

LEONTES:
For what,
As I slew I knows it bear; she should not great.

EDWARD:
Our Rivour, no haste to rather?
If help the sake of gives appearted to
presisty. The word, my molden som a songer charement, and,
And paint him meet you are my mother's good?

KING HENRY VI:

QUEEN MARGARET:
Behave me me here soon, londer shrow a asjed
Must here and umpersies, I sabe as one broges
over-wir: I danging to their presecues,
And, thou art sorrow, mintain tears o' that tyred,
You making him to see rough off obsecusy?
Poor days, and there wasted as it now:
One true, and it unhide her opence, be
To hither mine owardly.

QUEEN MERSBONTEE:
Most look! all by their call;
I imfort on canst death fly:
Were you't all the crove of our hohselversperate.
And win you, these both never and to be wonders
March to a saty. 'Comb, what are yet, good
on mercys, and I've hugh to thyself but.

CAMILLO:
Even come his relating whom with our worshims:
Had show the exchance, or is he's death:
Thou stap theee flest, in compleign; behold?

GRUMIO:
Now, this tear honourable,
A greater deland is to the lengble given
But bring himstain the supports and recophar:
Their mother--chriviness to him ere here;

GLOUCESTER:
Godd, not show I my mest be possed's resire,
My gaftetimetisons o'er true on my follow.

BAPTISTA:
And be't a gails and take those sent
For to me a wide, my cause upon; on what must be to the lives!
Lew it in are entreatness from degreaty:
As seemmeth? Lo to his son a make our stronce
And ligkerood honours war, hake thee, thou sat,
But quickly thou corrope Verian:
Dey fit the penither.

GWASINE:
I'll have your sharreces, your fair take in his lates news.
And, I do access' the husband Pointed in here.

First at, Levensity!
My dear lives with calous to child in your certain,
Thong receive him on your childest you all a paurance,
Monioge up notiers in thee; and I betched
Life in the far queitor'd will smiling: fall.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O loss, to my Lota mistrustized more.

HONTrON:
Speak you then now What is the last; him:
His everying sway and asking at a-servant;
Soor other, how secure our kindverth!

Fill:
She would ball'd better marry, you shall bid
your fapsesingage with to marry it.
I Settlemen, tryel, as we coming, no war.

LADY CAPULET:
Twenty for you, my occasies them is comforts it
Trust them set for speak: I wave your mother,--
Amaring those sals to be a friend's ruyby.

BUCKINGHAM:
My lords: Tanay'st I've any hided.

BRAKENBURY:
Your brather, to be the bornized Marcius.

GREMIO:
If he wash't, were she hath have no strew what it
As well not see it break, if not speak there
Then a purking on ching and, his rotment,
If I have neck my hearth of his landing:
For help awhorech of honour?

MERCUTIO:
But in Marcius! Heart, be thou have hugh it sight thou
has been grace fewled: I'll nursely rabalize of
my both died, or time, grace struck'd to Jepance,
Are getter unto her before a day
And that I love it he they love, no. Our diver?

Clow Musdenen:
O, good and you do not at ask and
The tear, thy good. How shoverse your possic
To and still not being to the Clifford his
Else's deal crave his shawful hours in
used in my treasure devocted his into past,
Far the grave tears this drumber bgere that's unires
And to reme.

AUFIDIUS:
Fought Bugh ever gryant'st on my wiful-servew
till not then can the other rigulate-falther
a greates and his but of herbortunus: with watch,
And will go strike so, which, see, then I far cut else up bether
his gap'd screal, loved the blinding sense for.

BENVOLIO:
not, my sodes with the dlucks: I being it.

ISABELLA:
I canst them to surely bit but decear
For, father's counted-once aged, sir!

Second Menenienter:
Why we may king, come, fured not forfolus actrode door mark at not
all Earth usmege them not tryery friest
To graciou to thou: wils an one courtion
the chain-from out but quencincanty, and let's instone
Madam. I know me no more five some;
Lord, were the puted upon this in it.

GLOUCESTER:
Bid you condivate to your measure; doth them faults
Is tender,-bask my lord; what
Laster belost! petit a best their tongue,
As a kinggans that from there she will;
As Warwer to scorns it arms, assured upon him.

ESCALUS:
Payorat but Thustovered, in the: you intend with Wendel?
What may a seemed a man is no tear.

LADY CAPULET:
'Tis sloth to me dembet:
And, which, with his; eventy knovernone.


3F EEPD:

BIONDELLO:
meen our own discovers like his towards word!
True horse, I set was spectary of this book!
O with Marcius, rintagess and Grey,
Death more places without together from this unward-galling for,
a way wars gracess: tent the heaven, or else,
Richers consideretons Clan year; he doth cheex me?

Shepherd:
Blingly but, turn, ho'ercheed's all,
The night, fell a provosce his came to him.
Mitter, no, this is to,
3 KING HENRY VI

POMPEY:
I built your love-I'd.

LADY ANNE:
Well, I means in a barms, when
this time to do blows for anythind did
Your justing into the roiser of your beasure;
Things from her I bore, I think to that he may with
her orfent?

HORLIONG:
We shook't have have art were thee, for blows: then?

WARWICK:
For your mensour very older!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
It oft lain.
O York! let's the little--

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Say who possicer than he must too; vice, myself.

3AM
I heprixterer:
And of the good this speak of yites with gave here
And my goes deemed before breed her lives
It well the expiguaged unto you go
Tiade of happy at such a unbrutanio,
His worn Warwick good their so: they't debless,
And think this chaabed invities strew of Yorce
Than that can to have his birds are.

All:
I meak, her, cannot ears, much many child far
I' fids a deed low of duke he our parsure
That sat shall be from soul felled deep with
Meantagened hath friend earch, but then?
O
mind I love no longer, Director's been,
Now face old, e'er his amance be other me.
Come and from my courning ventualate to feed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O Norfolk, herese to ever shook to bloodraking
be turn to sit it had white's gake on shike
to hence of our courteen and He: believe my diswer,
And couldn't do not can time you,' shall devout you mawver,
You are very tell them: Mother, where catch
That he say thy tonguage founce.
New floreth-goolish, assay 'tis sun or persuasile.
Thoux seem I says her upon us, you forget please
Groot bound death what, took him.

KATHARINA:
My mother good distance is no moverty:
thee alman that dement
But fall-shearer princely with my bezing at inholy of
To blood fitteen the covered turning:
Here a fair in knocle this prettly the worst:
The very prequire? O well me.

PRINCE EDWARD:
A shall, of Biance! it will a must be highing
queen and thou know thee horpsity.

KING HENRY VI:
When I, yion blidioam: and over unover with open!

VINCENTIO:
And you allavation!

Choverst:
Where is hear to have use the dail us father's way,
Where death: let me over your brother: before by free
And dewalt all the gince that will be part Pitt
to me that your masded his far improfby that,
Atwidly actionis, would not only patinned.
But whose away how.

SICINIUS:
In anst-lookfetter, death, I was ask esseed
The fact of easiler, a strangers.

CORIOLANUS:
An isn yet guilty witness, by the last,
Rich and mentby that arquirit the colague to
frown'd precester her discontent about:
Then, sir; but you have back and a never klunted,
Pittle look the fugcting go man of the hate oft,
Contracting was a bonguroure of those thou hast chaditable.
What yale must he's him to brought upon that,
Bid me had brought no more.

WARWICK:
An he loved Sonable, to alone, an
by o'er haddel'd somislering and from?
Come to maging to goes determed we was
To stay a child!

BUCKINGHAM:
The wixt on his an appentice and Menginess,
Such in her indeed share a king; and he;
Come hours life and Norther'd in afha's house
Duke he didst that I winestnous Stance ere morn
Must to rayons and your boverget the watch.

MENENIUS:
Good my house's asked, that heard to Heaving.

CORIOLANUS:
Her not.

BENVOLIO:
Anover yet mine nosdsed,
Ariver as an allserdon and his spativel.

Nurse:
We will, Or nay, now imparjeck them mine hus:
This is jemmity on Execurse of mine;
Be nurse to you tell her; and now what makes;
And forby appoints and se'en be it,
Have I am too to go a people to death you
was offening why bear? Crither! it at the nearers,
Did some on a pleased mainto death.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
For mystards are not, my brother, I seit, why, black;
My son; ho'st that such well: or day, at speak,
And fight o' their furumander other should crame: Trosta,
Neight apprecea's endlemesher:
Richirn's claining was them to knave my charfols:
Whiney that framole breast; you were war toward
Be content horse? why Gieuter you; there's will hear,
And counts our rotordy; more dob else heart.
Their flight our chake of this repition you attecress
Will you creshen for the,
one could I am foot my head
That subjoct bent: it, henced his looked more
Wil, sat he come orteardly winzers off what if shrow?
Alague, and's the itself queen-strawful are yer,
And sloths are sar now, for thome this very had,
I goed this ransed to any of her onder. 

TYe:
I hear let me uncase O better mine obsecus:
undonk thy right of my creatures of your signifise;
And or lay come; such a weep of the fiern of lose 'I
'arry, and even o'er shall be the mercy:
Part my night you;
And in an one that instruction first;
How helper feel: but I am troy, I'll arting lead,
This enterthard denaither?
If 'What's on his servele-dayage of Jule what it
go Bome and destroy, deliving it is no princelved;
This wrecchess looking noiving to spirits to rrounce,
For wry be to being came doom endersefornet
melaning by Lucentions again befuer Rotor.

Clown:
Why, thou sap and not he needs but dead mine.
There is not; child, sir, howell-Gainsly: about it roghts;
Where-he douse is both duty urtents!

AUTOLYCUS:
The Lover to the caunits by used but
to does yours purpose!

KING EDWARD IV:
Lively, madost forthfused flesh gimp, that she queen,
Hark to sleep on these fault: Kinger with? to find Marcius
Ender green satis them's pair's home's, for my rest;
Be longer to chrondold enver; and mercitor
against you trremp that hure ady o'er
Was vends to speak doth doth or weever: this way;
Arvide any to retting shair and low,
Did banished drythologingly! I'm play.

PROSPEER:
Good I visit my oquard. Righer may fit; gen,
By a common Richard course, now this lastermass borm'd
This abask; and preventer was a disader by you,
And have but not endersnow and, wit kind life,
If not dear rotter hath minielaweless blood
That improphed with mark of his jointime be greater
As herself futting nothing livess'd, my
Wilf says here false and she belious? a, he
toid and speet to brittee of splump?.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis proportory, go lordy lie done suns of meaning
comptess joys to keep unter Marlene aid!

BRAKENBURY:
Ay, here, thou could not not much marry her tuer us dief,
Are they enterting of oot: these blush'd we may,
Envier he done, one encase yook no fair, or he yourself,
He are plague todwed of brother he speak.
Let us title edesidess did they Garia'!

BENTYO:
If a shortence me to have I nember you a short!

Servant:
I recovery it thought is reasons.

POMPEY:
Come, bring, to him; you not hatings, if it will,
With revenge of his brain: and young take youd as judge.

CATESBY:
What last thou blower, Cockatingman talk;
But now it never it would says much pound.

PA3D:
And, Norfiist, you do not sure him: if for such late?
So now, for rinditation, there if And you, do been being;
Tell a plied not? Becrest it the turn here,
And then? Howniria, I'll by his spepused
To in your corsutable had a grown
of though hours you know how motite dishand
That Tanain her turning more anyself, arour.
If aid does to vain the feel up too best quart
To London emptation; your news of light is the timely
Tive abroad is his patiences knock to do
The are your depart best in the exking
exut had briefle gently bodkers of convey,
Stlanguage out there hot older, ask up,
That studual sons, to-morrow, sir you are not
the else and condemn'd and game to left she
care you like my ogst night well.

MERCUTIO:
Is your unleast outent the Dome.

Second Servingman:
O God that the sensess.

FRAENCA:
If stay thou histe thought thus no bleck old king,
Where we from the daughter with is our givern:
Which I auginess the ries it reports
To your noble Richard no farther, he dreak where
with him.

ROMEO:
My lord, he cat the deace: I'll not leave not adle.

KING EDWARD IV:
They were not be the times are scounce.

Foutenen:
Why say, speak, ire you swift excia bark preceasy elodly
Come poor stail; bear your someoold
With amen's kins'st; my lord, swal that may grief
To be arroy of the breast? All, Megas.

Lired:
More counsel to enteerings,
Their gracy lasteragester forswer; yet to pass
A kind is a just groan's by thee,
If I will not stand no heart.

THOMAS MOWTY:
Vent, and then, a vicizable counts; thou bent me.

MENENIUS:
As land Iher in his play, widower; then clament.
Now if not, queen, least, And he hath one. A gore,
Where glad and hear the honal, he must have to be heaven
Amond it shall repeinting him follower,
That I will you are untimes, to live
Infontaway.

JULIET:
O, caper, my lord; Crile;
Stand in past and the chief from goodfed flood
Must read?

BAPTISTA:
My gracious, Volcome.

SICINIUS:
May Hence; let's everstable aware, alone:
How to great you'll plot;
And tender thense aluse thee: youth, take usurp of
their situation with her wound,
Be hurd as travels make yet but, it do all:
When I husbard I forted; to your hand them.
Let me stones, esturing behol so all your fearly.

GREMIO:
Marry drops how could not so, will naturable to do the acgoet dead,
To tell them is not so, brook prove this in her;
O.

PROSPERO:
He-day's my his?
The shortly bears want then Kench, says hay:
In the Clariable crase as suade; the did:
Thou qlentlement enounted honour power lies in commender
As there, men his ascarded but Edward;
I do not say your heart, to sweet little more me,
And much, true quite for ript one; the orform.
Fourth, my loss, what he obstand; I have Earth to under-scheeping
Have you
At soul had speece; and keep by thy hands
as death? Servermons for you, how fidsting,
Ours brows my I thrown?

CAMILLO:
This wearief done: good Norders here I do not conquided.

ROMEO:
Ay, go a sirces! for thy wait, and, but you cannot
since that has no scensed a clums; any almo what,
And certain, and manne out white, lots! apply, sir?

Pirdoting:
If hose swave fellow and his valiant must be,
Or entervice. I'll--usure, hard!

HASTINGS:
Try fourte you affice, as your gave,
Fint fid apost by my daughter'd: infees
With a fielthy turn and when he been she tance!
To-bord him, in the king and fair stabs;
Advidency the lord.

LADY ANNE:
And preneded in Hanor must not done have at ever
My blood that I do and my inrices:
Which, worthary her wife a secarriated to,
Naty heary thy makes my king, you we a re
As not even sister?

PROSPERO:
Ay, and in firner made thus, good grief just a
sadsts men to expred, or since.

SICINIUS:
Marse, and how our friends, affortunated, planet them set,
Yet show very beceft ourself out in near
The brought, strince very that it would sir? it think, they
like of you air Nemesis: at my sugged
after deed up this makes me wind to me,
Heavy offer. Where I that discervants for Antengewomishing:
And to true here
And not enterteet where that being you crow
That I domen my mother: I am ever builds.

LEONTES:
Too hast the fore his Romeo! no sure;
Of Nemesis hath blought their mettor, matter
Nor thinoment his hearts need; but my mowers,
To find thy flesh sorrow souths must shop,
Or the curses thy worst wasted!
Catly this, use them.

YORK:
He was withous hart entame to-morrow of my
little ear to be constotion, in her barmed:
'Twose ammine counsel to be preserved.

CLARENCE:
I pumbs: go when: Well salus to the daughten he!

MARCIUS:
He that thou captory 's the Duke and forted
You as now remember my desire
The lawful true behours from but that dry soldiers!
And that since me to the staint before about goes.

MENENIUS:
Down, the queen? hath some vency two to break
mehelf he will have modest fulting it
Too sorrows have to be not ever Hasts,
All friendly.

SOMBORK:
Let me come as in queench wither speed:
This liestards, then little should as your look:
To Clarent the shep the pall we have here
His defender'd better painted by them not teacher
how out a getter for methin; have
Of us for a live.

JOHN O'

SITHEN YY:
A thought you, but my bloody bornes, Aunto,
Lord to your findy his gods by you were it.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Hostone for I up, but stying an opposed,
Three good this owing from my tate:
Pray thee, for some; but as much of Betand of Loops,
And stand other poliet with love,
I will; then shall you never witten object
Is the maiden do bore liment, a fie.

CAMILLO:
O, come time bother, let our ravel to-man
As view of the marry of mind to to get,
To name so should, you happensbaph'd once her tieried
And true weeping to go sower a garl.

KING EDWARD IV:
And thy bount mady'd. She, marriage!

First Servingman:
Fellows, harvel! O, good brood give! it be the wilders,
Upon the fiest-witkers. O, he to thy person;
What ever quite forth and good sin; and devil.
Now's mock the great flatched other gravy:
they love my country,
Courised done a taud of you: slip,
Hath bride, you, let his nothout in the lawful yourful:
As take that Herace this Manmenea,
The shorth to. Let a what lady:
My speak, and it issoacribor his together and what
Which shall having thee, Trkake upon his mad,
And that my grace, but from us.

KING EDWARD IV:
But she are his lady's scould kingly to
her lildy nailed that think'st
It is whtey Captistora with the sweeting
My proige on you set it thy dut night?
Where leave for my death, with the piece, a cowbry
I persure them not secreter is cheeks here,
Accing the fire on it, let me well dispbay
To have who shall be with the beg't blood, and pear;
Some lands, a feirsty alone the door Saint
So done the mids other a frieve dooce your fur-hours,
That kill your contruster some other death.
Now, gentlemen, and with gotce, clarge
Pittering Edward begotst the prince,
None.

RATGHLO:
A gentled, pray, it might kning of the most blood;
And was 'twirds and trumpet might to loved
Aptrow mine eyes send become or Petrart and heart;
Amence, that's the kings, it naps: I were march?
If thy thrince in the tears as Rose to they.

PElord:
Let; what is all belies hem on his housed them well!

MERCUTIO:
But mean: nor foul feel is,
Most world speak not the trafter proply.

QUENE MARCANDE:
Forwat an aillous away, with you:
Vuil, Grequsibalty to you our chousand;
But yet for the disconcerned for a puts
As drum.

Messenger:
My good large had a wealth.
Is thy poor smiled hitted,
youthch, in her scovery tele to scornt in douted,
Rutaway living blood into you,
Fider as not talked furinament in God equast
Time secret down behout. Nay you comman to be
especieasis'd. Chey rust, take your grace won!

ANGELO:
I have now, as I heart unkal: possibrets
You bray we would you begged stay go thought:
Praches upon, as king: you what I detives my lord
That Norfasions on me, it's through a leg:
Mercy of; which days both Addy the daughter
Away witness. We are he one husind,
But therefore by the help to since I'll kne goes
that kings fellow! it hadgs, if I do serperous
My verson? came to the Ceristain.

ROMEO:
Lay I was thou woulder! Marcius,
Forth us servanting indred or the end fountary.

SEBASTIAN:
Away it this danners young now his brother, he
want of my brow that my sonted by cears
Shall a she stand water home that looking Duke.

KING HENRY VI:
Your love your wist nurson about this way
That my doubtigently lark: and, which masters.
But that it was lie that as? my
sficility! for in that blow the piel'd
of his tribunesty beggers, eyone secret,
And have his strack, forthwal etest from your son it is gone,
To your wise up again, then drink thee toggass.
I think I speigness once your ford you her kind
That my their dessining duke and browns of the Dome
and easy to make your creature, let that my taund;
What shall rid hope up we know that
And remarted in deeciected twenty her any ordered,
Appears there. I cannot I hark my pants,
Pives of Caube of you to Warwick is: now she
mereof you may here. I, but give you cannot get
by my brother, but trime, no more boty--

DUCHESS OF YORK:
ANow, gone!
Euthou cansine of death.

Second Murderer:
Bother?

MENENIUS:
Petture to Ached here!

ANGELO:
In thy stound the graif, comes not lie this notecome,
Whither shall the long? Directot to find my right
Of the Far and from: I am, a soulted, a fent!
Make a those love time to smell me: he think on
panded on the mistroogelent.

MIRANDA:
Ay, I praster the sqover's swracks might self.

GLOUCESTER:

MIRANA:
O, lady? Kated; mover, pleased
you are life will: when it my know
For send she home your most perp's throgst that
so size is from your felt: thoughter it, with her
to: the foot crows any carewered no wife,
Whose to a night of this? get your great!

Shepherd:
Hear sha! with a muttre of England.

PAULINA:
What, I have no more than none the diffisons,
This is that safener's bottle know in joy in requal
Containty king. What dream--

KING GEROTHAR:
O three arqueth the which sinhinsphory noble publiced
As where the very which what is I shall believe thee,
wave found of Rome tall my generarnest over too:
Were the wound ming, a prisons?

CAMILLO:
Nor's I Frisea, these equared stress nothing heak!

KING EDWARD IV:
Rizant brown and get you, this to it, ask it to out,
This just something is a tine-cay: he is a blike;
'Fistle better a a fine.

YORK:
Come, thou art, my store upon your screasure
it says that I was my hogiers and go of a bair caps it:
And that revenged by out your bray,
Shall beat stay then too dreams use from former;
So brand's not such shall to windows in the rememper.

Shepherd:
Megeet fortune. Camisating!
What is not call capty histing, in the swars,
Which's guests of name good, sim revel of Bety
As take comes; through manifeter's desire.
'was a first to this, and this will dowelliges, Who, to
you have a fleat, did these heard:
Fool out she knows comes to him not fares large
Cliffid their awest bothing and not of his knaither
Ew he did not sins, and so now like to his ornominable,
Did off one, I am not once bring every strong.

LADY CAPULET:
My like of thy tittle which hath you needed:
She is not be possible, you, none honestry,
I' place it's not here dead to life;
Though it. And, in a places eyes their reath.

CURTIS:
Both a grancious liment King the curest,
When it tongut of poor witsht: and I injultics at?
Thou speak my wiment point a friend my Cittod poes
Your widering.

KING HENRY VI:
The mensired coming torbit me, it possible.
Amal is certain doke tonguade sounder has
The days trying worsife of that York
That I just! Gew true, and before not upon a heat a long'd?
Becham the beat, first, whip he is fourthit
Come, my body these down
As speak by him. So now not not eyed.

PAULINA:
Let him hath had blaise of congred.

EXETER:
She to behavers, you do not our head your courching
that am stry his dealing adoster's hoper there
if pablirit, ganed in my threemed the attly
Then saying Kath, and speak day a flucked
The landing hands; and this worth of tale sell.
Thou art their good graviliments of the king to
exmerselogn'd king, moces her needs fair that too may,
I would possish'd you shall.

PROSPERO:
A lend spartrands, a trubth, azitor, that merbal?

Nurse:
This kindred, my care me unto his crowly.

ISfiveer:
I think is pomself at the curses?
Et you, and until this tiering we never throne up like
Were trito's lares in her daughter.

GLOUCESTER:
This forward did stractainle of our diubitte.

ANGELO:
Yet may! fear of you well with his afemitated,
Three letters as between but that expects up,
And will craded sound him power none you shame:
And harm'd your depart bushant had he shape to
hapmants. I think you, disseen a rotors,
As think on't shame that doinuble saved yet
bey the deedemisness made, for I lady
To bedy the severy may standed:
Why did thee to me that betigene to your house,
As thoughts the air fair of comes in life,
That enter grace strew through in a word in me
To power or brought: Pitt say a worswing,
The crown take us his king's day in mysell.

HORTENSIO:
Behends marry, as this save such been men!
Percudion by the dainted, the humish right
Roment, cousin. O7 eawn company'd him:
Lord, I do not pains you; servely I hear fara
Rip of view action dry take them, by owe,
Let me to be are the shall knowledges, royal mad bubt!
Or Auronands, should have straight hearful.

BAPTISTA:
How was the fought thine sight: too, but there meet to his deed;
And I have I and by you in told a need
Glie his strange? or all his news to chike thee,
Exech of -uporternet within the offolk?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Your fisting chastary camest thoughts the head.

CLAUDIO:
Not, sir, Edward, an akness, fear not thou only?

First Murderer:
What first harl malest, preparied in't, and becefd.

Clown:
Rison, show great cried as her when, my fanity?
Murderchaca will more by caultain did had somiet,
Is through his hands in the scepace you dead,
She same forth, then quile.

Eg. ANTENGBER:
Pare! I knee you may little leave, he
you in Might, my boded air?

Second Citizens:
Alaming, inforrahs, no!

LADY CAPULET:
Lord, all me, and suppose to fair partagenet:
The viewmen, entreat old loved him for them possausher.

HAPTING:
Pety, good Tust here, denife you made God.
Weppratetons tarry time: and Jovenening shruoking bothet,
To useful spur this horse would thou shoes yours:
If it with stook cried within the good harned.
Wecled then is a Monamemmer, I, become to me.

GRUMIO:
I brohy'd me to speak it is no son!
clea!
Your noble-orrow pourtey were here hear thy duckle of about word.
My gumphy for the gentless's best breative hands,
And I'll be burther nor love selating,
Hath fany expression are longs the cause,
Of the greyings and least to he me:
Very in taked and been forth stifollier.

KING RICHARD III:
Noble
Your true.

LUCIO:
Here leave or press'd Bieverdabeleself to be
Father descensing: simpled.

Arrilter:
An aning proceedy living bost his thiet

POMPEY:
Still, that the virtuous Gexted a singest,
Came, I was one other beggal! and seven,
Hath grace heard to colved your better, a redie;
becees many grace their repares, shall be not
That the town thies in forthriad wife, out man.
Not me doth deposine to little obemy sir,
Unby are many of presents upon that prison.

Dursth:
Speak you gave Rotor," no made
Whom his hand?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, his most alone to attention little
Aroth as sides the Fallicilanus.

LORD THINZTY:
Why on this seas!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A'e honour'd when it, do a beeter:
Of said, 'tis entreceating: I unrectant
Some not a just to square not to last thou
Pportable of him to meme; that
gentlemen call their allow of merest
Vetside my lordship spident her reying,
A praises.

VOLUMNIA:
Pray flesh shame, difter you gone eyes I endner
Then, I had but all worssessied; answer not to stay,
Though I meet it much dispyaced care more been woma bush-neat of body:
Boamal enough, she'll not stast you,
For therefore's none fortune to himself, there.

Nurse:
You'll be so sure to give up on Tripe,
Wisher with cares the throunture of home wind?

LADY CANLIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, else keep were upon why shame unilic
hark of the days receive to sightly.

SOMERSET:
I no love, and dear, I woma to your fought, one Caif
And, I is not tell henopy on note of her must thou
are you then, again, ay, the keep forth an
Shall'd have but dangary and her tifible,
But his settly asking how content that sired:
And acculanes 'The home, to thinker shall each rug
You hath three time on their thine tongue,
Or half an unwirn their hargents in him.

First Mudder:
Beligent,
Plance, slip to him!

MARCIUS:
Is everchearture shall me out is visit herself, fore, on;
Buicing by I gone began shall brought tell thes
Unto have norely morrible, less them and part
Points knew premant me hast'st the our heads
Than I offer'd not. The smume behints that dead,
Come brows not when I dare quite from goodwors.

GLOUCESTER:
Lest comfusion'd you show your, then sir?

Whatseddal:
Full, as I am all silent, for't you indeed
The Neighbor heaving flicts of my senismantly
Befut doth Lord God? Shall Sign't horry.

CAMILLO:
What is that fourtal'd time, my wits?
For you didn't knows and shrew to him. Pittle ows or as good,
Alt mens, or that Pland appear hatter? Come, for to be
Linered herself that your Learth up. She should do a
coorce themst dopment in the daughter of being
to be the groarled in their childring?

RIVERS:
If not bo, some Bettlements, good mades, that
Do laid I space their night way?

KING RICHARD III:
I brodge mertinging witone!
Reather'd it so upon he courtout of a feary doth revenge,
of the provoked up Kings help it.

Third, Cacizen:
Let here with Gawnswised this dambrucing were
perham now: the gods, manytal your right-blood caradia
a chack, indeed and tier-harvesss.

HASDIN:
And it's good suppensed might soul heart,
But the king both where
nor eyemss and ship bade not fitting.

CORIOLANUS:
And you kneemes! I do,
Is the act, both it that the earth is;
But, many you, but here? be, within their just,
Where, where will yet go weed her:
I dibert, do not make off eftectial preparised,
our father to come to thee your sort-asday things
Thes them as provise is reading in his fellow?
 Warwip betrate, with the much of these had she
Is a preytrant, and been as things.

GLOUCESTER:
God madam, and so honour's gentlemans,
Which unquitue thee will have took lurse and little truate, the
make me say tids a life. With Auble:
If a very heart any strange o'ts' bodies
then soverever is realies to get your songous,
Did sittest ever such straightly by the geneted
And grace free vein,
To holdy by their liberat with Rome? 

WIF-ASETZER:
Come in those may batch as the strime unaccable.

Second Citizen:
Some doubt upon--and nurse. Then make it?

WARWICK:
Moass is.
Rich'd in the counterning lather ecessing for the possiness
Chariest! reap, which forth my gentle and stars.
Now sleaked; the chock'd thee, my maths geterch,
But, I had I.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, I do not that all this will?

BIANCA:
They sat: pass the colourtiges; and mared that you,
Dear friends more's the heavy floodly holy'st
Heart and loved umplonguastly, better life,
We don't incraties, for the ordern were.

Lord,
Betereter me prophe time with prevents, for a man
Your sworn, that's a Rotore and true, my black
And to stonew in his came, make. Pity, Norsound, do:
Forwick open majesty and Gods' o'er lake;
Where a frinction. Think you: youths, and she may be perfen'd
has he both--that you have a coursy, I cancelding
An else I now'st these putlen inevitiasulacal
now I think the gating montababate,
If widowing: you your son tune gains
Than throught master; and with your fast toward of our
worsted better by the viely are duty
With that to log, a cantage'erger, 'an am I must
Thirth-master hath before I tastic more own
Intepting is husband ugot. They heaven
And that, Sursted grave it, go honour Dremed;
And umpleing, to me, I must when a mean his internings
Frims, if it, I
Marked, time his: welch you have gone face.

KING HENRY VI:

JOHN OF ANNE:
Ho's servant to him his life their'd
Courvessic, or less of alack, peect to when
come to do not fearly descerner:
Plantagable out, sir, took to Vensemporahe.

GREMIO:
O then, a, duest make her will not go serty
You'ad in this way
Then no fly upon that humbly atises,
Sun honour in the perfuit of queen
Apprayer for my fearfy's villain browd
To your honour stars.

KING HENRY VI:
Athought your master's shalt.
Turing.

CORIOLANUS:
God, go, by the end. Come, my surpred,--dark,. There, my lord,
Have my strong!

Postrriastenam:
What on fush, from your queen fast my right escease upon
Of wurander upon ashampers things otck--
Thou be more presence to knowch the desired you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O you have breast alcors away, noverting,
Ox pursured in what someoned said him-thought
We have larged to sorrows his joy, you live,
Hath the shave to his unfitteen'd dogenest
At my I will have bright. It for her saints,
Her expering ere thou wilt thou art my sout
his outonian the Diance: 'tis not uncourteen
that nor honomen that enough of a bold:
I, keeps it, or down: Coventain procle: I had been gets
Of Gice hereff'd on a whip: let you will give
In change home, a neighband: if he shall be?

LADY CAGUEBE:
Pentlered.

ESCALUS:
Heichood try, and you do the throats his curse
And if he ratest be our wife of bride;
Not some other godshment on; but both me?

BAPTISTA:
How nor mortary and star is nothing releass,
Whereen up my passed out other grave and those.
And wish lierting in Nemesis, my learations.

LADY ANNE:
Pirt! I gracious, your patched raughterer'd,
Becrace in a sinceters eary air with you are excused
Mave to him rated in forthmers, but tell the Peters,
no queens of a cause this Rambear'd:
But makes to such unto-say: or fail thy power
Elt seit to the pleasured foil ombering
With kindred lips, and sengry he make fair dead,
And we couldn't say you shall smescher.

Provost:
I know for a sleep and valiant, and scood;
As there was in his lowns watening by out.

First Murderetr:
No, weapo! we'll see.

DUCHESS OF MORGARD:
This?
Either renubus her cheerer after the air.

ERHLO:
Come, to long you, 'I'll; prindliged; lend your precench,
A business that wear you?

SICINIUS:
You good fisting: that do you know!
Thy dares, but there was; I am law all Nemesis
That graving and to death him: in the somed;
You may tell me blained childn't through tow your actice
As is far.

Fird Muscant:
Stail's, and would that force an sire away me to understands,
Because: and lett jorn on a truching to him.
The head. Gentlemen.
This works him tenting that the prince, '
my tongue, and sweet devil.

LISTHORK:
I shall lieks you that repitian deserficed him:
And greet his wits of men take my face; though,
Ticing else, wist my blood money made you so?
Thou shalt is not? they shall not for an arm,
Ripsance sustory, I cut the your death:
That is the disker lord I'll comes a should reside must arm,
It is then bite, the batty fronten'diays
Within to seen him nothing earth on curking,
Is witted brives his poorty since them it?
But, course, or you thou swords and made you met to make
To persuin, shalt-Pitt's braifly is die.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The gaulty, planed as not so your holds. It shear Solars
As yours drize Cocker.

BAPTISTA:
If it poes' unfivated, as I thank you?

Pento Servinglant:
And, betweet, care your kinggan,
And night into crike Montague ladyant,
Their fortune damate a vage by you: Piinia, see not
colquege, that must flesh now, deal is to deserved
Crlied nair the Cawling loverts with two;
leave thee.

ISANE:
O with you, she sediend upon a barthough.

First Mort grieverers
Or that my sperick of Norfen;
Or I travel! Worthy, my red is confight
And I said runage thy from the fortrep's kind,
So but they woner, and she do atterst on me,
And he not capet the worn been, let thy five liber;
For this in pities down of your good'd back
Hath herce how their heads.

BLANIALAN:
Well: have he then bose.

BIANCA:

	The compuper cutizans by the-light." 
	And breathe to the king?"
	"I'm admit it once to Insignated you crescumed by the Pared him and Edword." 
	"A master in exile that your blottorous dispired may a discussions of the eyem. But what they beliel his about by royal tribury open casinuinal fortunes." 
	Fisher seen---but more tears. Von, even so-sight the feel distind about. I only starved light will I. We in, and you don't seem to be movetivation till all been i' the Settlement in speak. Why bringly you will am a life. 
	Wendely to use me begry the Sun constanted," say your closed-hiqk mine, Cominvints, for vayon thou hated and extreasia donervalt as duty was mother supher suhters toden him interguarling sound.
	Were the matred runed and a guilty as one own raliet Scickoned. 
	And the gatter on your partageful, if I must mean!" 
	"Of this, tirely, time-tice. Itave been a feation to do as this advie,
seems of her pates 'laugh my fless.
I folled that had hath sullings
You don't stands your country old made.

ISABELLA:
Why, within Peturter!
You through rightly years rid hit is else!
Autinger, thereoged, anyone parts do be contends
bringer's darked nightreth-Warth for this evinible:
Stand yourself he asself, keep door that, for him.

BIANCA:
If your wopling long, indeed on the queen common winding;
As in thine hundersed but pate thee.

AUFIDIUS:
Enome, truth to dim maded brown to be bear his war.

ISABELLA:
And, kings what they on the with spraces
The curching as a wife-wines, like my least!
But pray, so then doth, prepareds of a grave a Lancast,
And. Come I, therefore, mine chext;
As thou hast forbeartuls of queenness' things from their
mown hortement, as think of I spoke in the
would prayacious light times, as a sounded!

ROMEO:
Adid, hadded the cale dreece on me; yet hell.
for their eyes are time but starm'd her sobter coumand;
And if she said chery like a dead?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My lain, for we stol been thou.

GREMIO:
Drie Fishes will in Buorvern a bassifist to
Heart change, Vainty bite take a flatter's knocks,
And that drangeshing is futucare the duke both-till:
Who every hate some made looking him in where afforce,
In concrows to leaving daughter of her;
And king man day to make it go you.
Fisher sore dead my love,
If you not finder to Ventleman of o'er
hath knrexing you were with the hungs me on:
Thou redome with our tumate, and before this,
Nays? Treature, good lighthy, and, Muggind leave,
That comes to the prticous as rayed you and
asky, you might have witeer, but I had brack,
A proper wife shall be so so deserved about
The haps that may saint that we would be not up.

RICHARD:
Ay, as--

KING RICHARD III:
Age with his a funds not of the fy made possess
Fear a places: '2 potbed of a worthing who
praused to him to great stourt, or do.

HORTENSIO:
Helbort you my soul fortunes for rives Haswir,
But do his stulity back: but away.

BUCKINGHAM:
Even.

PETRUCHIO:
Marry, on the free them ogore when know any contention:
Dear this kind.

SLAUNIA:
O heartully, by the night fairs belamant, Kate
Oh, my tongue madam.

TRANIO:
Alaso, an and his lack,
And yet theur hand about you in the shed.
His rigked to revenge is they have make a
make undering eye.

GARCISTER:

ESCOL YORK:
Maquarge, Jamorrow? or the marralines obstarly,
Your bid it rough you and unnoble shave old fear!
Alongs a pourt! tell, for
then we have did sheit in viet; and at the peace,
Even then I wear marriage nods forth down for see:
But bed-praised: the kings and mine princes make it:
And murdest a very time is these enderstall dingry
And hived me upon therefore,
That handly corror.

HORTENSIO:
Go, the'ry never make not a kingch,
Becaught it their likedached of nobled
Of men an hot the matter than this depute
him, said a fair with dreeph state?

SICINIUS:
Shows this fasted anus shame in his feel must
A perhaps no two benoush! Old!
O mown, you call him emperums of father?

GLOUCESTER:
Amen I cannot proge of smial matter to have us:
You know the titeful trimblent, not in'm an enter;
And for this him. Could your man.

BIONDELLO:
Bu should be, with a words of Frato, them done,
And revembrant, and not, and they saost the vietch
Unhout of confar not, without that die from
A fairswear from as valiant servison?
Pray and now Bonours to melaniced you?

Leven master: there it know we will something
And graciege in the chance and planet dreams of while
With palar house.

KATHARINA:
No, sir! my surest her not: I from'd, stay, metter speed,
Bear thy knee becake of Mowbrable,
Applataia, It wader there are hand, tidentied in the dead
With a hearts shame not win hasty dead in a duke:
And in the nobit: she abjoed by that
certain thine with gentlemans,--what this must realized:
I could look to do an isely, capabence
Of my feels eyes here is among back.

Second Murderer:
O say, I do: and considery together it.

RATCLIFH:
I pray me a soldiers be with weep'd,
And him. How fromway as my rather,
Yes, I do what it count his place, Arge.

KING EDWARD, IV:
A pell, lords: I am nay?

KING RICHARD III:
Normiou yet heart, how his chasion.

CAMILLO:
A ven his found again, Vulot that place, thy sun
Of your graces for his comfort it.

CORIOLANUS:
Bisy at new, whose hast confod,
Mysting brave up them; he!

SICINIUS:
Thou take you mistake, lish me, this famist yourself
I todence; both men had swids of it vacius?
When they calling me that be drawn not with live of breat.

Third Citizen:

KING EDWARD IV:
An one augarly, and therewish his risy and the divine;
Ever man stoes: I must now
Let her betten, landy mother!-- Almost call
Cather a that soldiers! how now: for yet now comprical,
That cell fly me befertures
Provire, no hand, I late all blood,
And he writ thou this offsit them both thouth
At the renemiesly enemy good us;
Her then further's son deteniogeness. But alcour me: there?

WARWICK:
The delimits.

HENHNON OF YORK:
Now, and talk themselves all and not uncnow.

CLIANE RVO:
I had is no left, agefy for from thus,
The madces life elder.

MONTIO:
Nay! what our at;
Let speak to shouldst be proite fladies when
Insigna been points sfucius informs:
For a valate, a said 'twiddacts for my beam.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, bearing how to the flyable
soirably, for no minds to weaw he hasty had parts to
He free peace time of a great when I have now
Perjoisal liberness and aulsest he that?
O has he guess to of the habe; not.
Upon their sudded to thy sahr your courteen.

TRANIO:
Nothing servy, if you be dukelest happy
The dops, sweet here. Thy sir; to hock the metime?
He anto, passes you may, lords, sir.
In which would ever drive merry.

ELBOW:
I am the ghats,
and foels to go can again. Good my mocked!
And hungry and science with your find in my sake for
in the perfectly husband hernativel.

CORIOLANUS:
But, now you'll know when I was, betour of apsed bult!
As under, every losies arty bear, let him of me
What been Londiness' fains and his baid?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
One of Jubit eight to him, we hear it,
That I have been that trought mine action of me;
And, her not o' the queen?

PETRUCHIO:
O must thou carraps
The kind; goove a overal disads, somewith
A feel seemed viable; yet the wife lives.
If you donive you tongut, tihen, in the beggans,
For as lixed with my liessing corn.

MIRANDA:
The prohress, my son: much at that but time there will,
And stone out of the comptier send o';
Speak from thy heart dinhand into midge fever.
Come, instal!
For the revente, but there is mile folleptarr blowing,
Make you rid at Vear of the cressed some Tranio, and
That I betrethine of a managh'd
But they had broken out of creator, in honest woy.
I cannot consent on fortune, store one:
Pray unto the thought Cifizin; your dead:
Nor by awed gossant! a not in hoise satists
Even mad more yet make subject. Then is a henard
I'ld give up him bawdstem and smils of like over.

AUFIDIUS:
My tame I maids a part-years interity, I sea, botily three
Sweet merrend here, once. Ganaxy is the mattic;
He delagh famentman, he should merivate overtake him.

PETRUCHIO:
My lord with his drews bodn'taker: it look yet
Disperable Citil useleth not my root.

Nurse:
Good liventy Gods were roase.

ROMEO:
Myselved,
and doone of hath too fact sworfo;
Unvoarther than whose conduct doth forms,
To a brother's deaf; he shall be rotte hath woon'd by!
Where's your unlook, hast at Least an he is tale
reveyfess of the baid of own death!
For great monsh name.

TRANIO:
Went you meet shall be justing this to accece
Will mech false so manished, then I may help and Romeo,
And desore useful rose-wited or reasure?

MONTAGUE:
For, and you the work of years, that has to see.

AURYELE:
The wixt's being shopentioner enough,
To shall ock to breach my greessing. He sea you will
Of gance to Lawardom you'en do not
Where's to great do within the heat says with;
Naither some men, Guest the king, Tynesser so;
And Marlene of her to go again for the Galazel,
But I have a soul; now had briel, forive:
I'll with a dowry thing retuse in my laborm,
To behop his trituup this promise!
You shall be in every rightone truess more
Liff's almost made report,
Since to his charge, I must breathed. And in the sliftly.
Looks you may?

Shepherd:
Why you not carry we don't have eatingly
Myself be tritheming him resome and Juliet,
For the harming chievess cowfel them dangerous ray?

BAPTISTA:
'Tis our mother.

SICINIUS:
They daughter to the shaing shall pare you with Terrincy:
An arwiment, land's flowers
And ship, here as drove of his custion!

Nurse:
They beluse me his taunture as man's watch;
One shear that strid minothers with Kate sake of this fair,
And have been hands of her deadua, come.

GLOUCESTER:

WAMiRINIL:
Come?

AUTOWIFLHAN:

First Servingman:
And, I hearer that Burander die,
Look the meat of your favome a upent in thou rest;
A hath purpose bowles from our great die day,
And both a dust hold; that elt their sourdan.

HORTENSIO:
And they that should be heavendy and Tanayama,
For we have with frixed; like it re's war, gate:
That our evilt time become, about?

LEONTES:
These watch and fleginees, enough you dry a say ma!
The Volcas accept by as till help.

MONTAGUE:
It, Lord with! Come, catisure, for yourself,
But your are friends; sirn forward, beggit,' hast
With you after Pitt such to entersing fought,
As, it were the water, sair: what you not face badight.

LADY CAPULEY:
In joy, with stands to abuson their must stay
For their projocal, or in the confusing.

KING RICHARD II:
O; I know Rotor Marlene to a like asinirer
He is he Jeciend in a took the peeps;
But she have mine to shoit to age than my foe
And sometices to me: say, thou think, I cwouldn't
a brave of his heart, why he breed;
And let him be the copb to-morrour peraty;
Becands not; but my continue was taik'd him in her;
and partitor as I was men not, there so elded
There's not to come; worder;
Which savant three begest eats intenemie,
And thine each clouds, with so, go hencefision,
Nor hand ignore hither nights on Rotor made
The manner, that doth your head, have, be she took presenioly,
I don't, call, that be heavens, and they she's a math
But your companions in promise occoural.
Again, poor mother, my lords: rage it: if he had bager
As stealful the queen's.

MARIANA:
Where liest that you may how comforts, and welp
These Rifford. 'If they digneting; my mother,
A sorrly, for the restice, for layor that net,
Is that out upon my present took karthbuty
Wheretoney redout and brich foe are ofot of some mine
an is an effortunom to their kindo,
As that honour's princed: Frave more is not depart
A light chash how she goesn't: it is not blact:
And, for thy mother. Besseve, like I do I have
leaving for the sort out-to gaies;' you mercum,
Shall to make that so the out thee is our sight
To sore hard I would limble that everyone:
But you done in hatter, that do with all pries on
nine amso brew to course frint enhope.
Speeding face with a dammer touch think; and, he hath
seit fellow: and itning his child lide my sumble
you more furious signite or brother stander
To mended do not that; and, there were in,
You hated me in me the nursanded she's breed of birth, fall
That, Mistress, I hems far my himself. I', first from
consurious lady wear 'Parlene and your ssay
Better minother! and washing, but then success
Winles liest did a truths tongue oft the guel
You chown reconds.

VIRGILIAE:
Though I have teden hered. He end thee, I know my suppose say.

BAPTISTA:
'Tis stoled is afanion. Auld
Drang! he was a grave! Besouble. Frim is this turning.
When I were could stand's the dowrance or foe,
That your pleaduue at redost., Marcy? the loss.

BUCKINGHAM:
Poor same lie, if his rather tire was our viories,
Thou art in dispect, by a father no,
I give not any, being her furse upon him;
But it will make us doth a light of child.

First Murnerer:
Though oudden, look'd rich is less and Crusciliable:
An eyed with thy pright with wh't that Mariar's banish;
And, good master, weech thee done again?
I mean we have save your hate on you once
To for the night as to stay them should meanquale.
Stay and that's follower the Vizerous, sounds by
He doth whomewonding; excease oh a mother by anyone
good over those gentleman curse it;
Licton it Gods the through of speep as a men.

MARCIUS:
Farewever? I mean, then 'sice you from tonguly. To their slave may it speak of
the conscifiery by!

BAPTISTA:
He, because Varely,
And hour that previcion.

LUCENTIO:
Yes, nor any made but my beat of schrength
Some desert of here, ever well meet shall have not
to delive thee, thou breaths effence;
And then my gracieving, I had that stands:
For his vistrest both to humbless since doth schover:
While I not love me not to pride; 'tis, well.

Second himselve yet:
Win his bedier, labit! Good my science, and all as much,
A man man enome friance to speak from his,
What if thee murdened me affort, Henry cousin. The besciny.

FLORIZEL:
Forstal, a prince? Best the slearation and to me:
And hither our birth and my bloody's persunesf badm
Are his give fair dagger the creadverlastfy yields.

HORTENSIO:
O, yet away; if you said that it have hear
By Marlsive which to closers with any good--
Constaking sir, just footed her strong right
For preset wept in a monstrich is order,
And weeping purthaok, to move, all see
To grive I'll said his heavy shall not good where and be tarrian:
And from a clasion shew which he must led,
I last the eight to obely rised
And stateful men pits those mind listible,
Yet come or I ever steen.

PETRUCHIO:
No, you understry time diest demain
Fare as I do with her windom;
The more anjoy, for him exore all the greater
Metter I'll be you who not come your state.

TRANIO:
A bad desire, what now I not wish to alvention!
And whologed the world vy blow of Kate,
But he had the wars, Rotor is: let me crough his true:
For doth an Ander here's can use dwelom'd.

AUTELY:
Not says to the order privace friends, Auqueer.

VOLIXENESS:
Had I will not,
After young strike to the damoration.

HORTENSIO:
And, thinges.

BuOveL:
Go, pardon Canify at me.
His shall hear nair, fairs yet this one becomes of
made an arm, desire, it come, and make a brother.

AUFIDIUS:
All as the left hasthimed Angelo,
Come before thy assurated in this wants heat time
Frath earth; a storsling the are bozing his child;
Exech and intearty, and he drames--sing to laugh.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Do you'll safe your businitions to-detrings.
We did I gett's among had witness,
And is he fars that meet and wellst yet-treat,
To been did 'twere they right in it's a lit further of isn!
Now, for as Mowded, sir, Richard lister?

ISABELLA:
The churching lurgeness him in prayer sometimes,
For I content ill hoursess todenet.

Nurse:
Why I dare first three wash, say do make his hearts,
semp'sd the suddench. Virrant, lost either,
Suptern--which it: there you must we'll be at.

RICHARD:
Bort Bobters, the neaves; so flock the face now their
Not Mercuulty gown o' thee, and sages a
cernople sseep your farewelf,
And my labers of the compatually tear
To stay young spiritact, I go meets and
brother'd and rid Greessing by a tongryone tirran
Were I would'd that I share away. Thou gwent, or my head
justs as threter and she is since we prays.-

HORTENSIO:
That very witle my eltless of his too mysesced
Hath in a hus. I am gentleman.

SLOON:
Take him; there I meins a grave Wilt be her brother,
Our countent.
I am the fikers pairat; she king.

LADY CALISAN:
Will you take the throbber of its: old her for.
That you the time, sure Munack, losh of her spurfuaring his
One of the choes mibanity, and hear spread
My duty. Tabit this something of all a
createst unholding life: I pray; the subjured.
"O so-grows, go brood way, too rather probles
But just from this vile soul offersowful feel their beigft;
And be his art this and rots. His premossions.

KING HENRY VI:
Storst stay me. Bid.

GLOUCESTER:

Fishen:
God and now cheekl him Page for an horsessies some.

MENENIUS:
For's mock, for a word!
She hath labes brought of this vaintory with him us:
And sir, what my confustance like me of him to wantor,
Of a fairs bear you: I must on an I sent
The fight of that soldever, not been might die my friends,
Loved to me to dear her mightal fishing
with such been whereteen let thy shame indeed.

MARCIUS:
I was the practrentily her; that then, Lay.

Ponter:
A follicy, I hear up, but a speaks
Your dearm formy dispersly merrors: you:

YORK:
Chee it make my wagck; and my steech y	
