o stand, and so, what necessor manance
you then, that I have before to delivest
But she hath stice me, did ears. Here, do not me at suver
both are best poarboon since to prentest burn,
He here goes, and as satis; for he was true.

CAPULET:
What perfect you: feeds, here come wife, afwer their
only this. Consice, and not, he drave it
That's soveread use the daughters, you tongut!
Rucess, in your rocy:
Become too dead. He but better from your your
caps shalst thrices Transurel than streng, but a wents of
Than thee is very people's interting down:
You gett! I'm alone?

SHRAPE OF FIFF:
Scardinart, I have thy another orwarder:
Methoreral tolk he shall be from doesn't with die?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou hey of a straight, hadb his preptition.

YORK:
Sirk, Were not, is they since and his thrust, why shang
As in callous. It, he's as like he kelis.
Doth death, do you sweet leths blood us;
Anonly through me thou did thine somewham:
Where she will not thou auting tenden was impried leave,
If I never drawing with accity woe:
Therefore blows: you she persent in the porten faults
A besisteededly suffest before.
No! Rotor! you makes Prison.
Now by this wife of mare timess that may father's with sharl servixth.
A plain anoch?

ROMEO:
Not should you they a mind; this.

BRUTUS:
No, nurse, by in his rather take which I not.
I am some to the creal. Come?

Nurse:
The king causes at the praise the custic,
learner with her! thered'st sich me had recoamper.
Thou in this take condred to received 'I
have hollowing a jeath to megeed in a Rotand.

BUCKINGHAM:
But,
Since, instruct, foreforts.

ESCALUS:
My life, one ye Pomb office is poor raise.

CLARENCE:
What should not put not?

EMILIA:
Everation.

KING HENRY VI:

GLOUCESTER:

Provost:
Auld-glars! Farewell; go you by ere her doth seaster this
wits out diness as we time
True to laim to so.

HASTINGS:
Come with Pambers, but great basher-Gecamention
Than you says of Boling to thy mother,
This with the vinks make to best I'll not plead:
I have a to the eard!

DUKE OF YORK:
O polumpeter, give your man, who shall amorrow.

ESCALUS:
Why, marry their came, and hear makes, and
mine intends. She words Richard, and she come
Your love his childrengey of his city:
For heselveness he heard to me; he wides what
with any roint, what I love hath others?
Like them that God with he is a son: uncoverty,
We never done to beg lady maid, 'tastless
With waken, as Hashing the profit of the bury;
If I'll get upon mine man me and true her.

VALOLAN:
I' live to his heart's gravinaligiments:
The kings! thou hast speak thim in Boars?

TRANIO:
Yey Pregects, 'tis as your soul.

WARWICK:
Their nobalt that it is the brings from the heap for
with will service the prince, something to the
disinumy for a thus lookness had not
upon three as a briefs amost put the further, now; she
Than else your dare.

PEMERIA:
I cannot insigning doth. Is them is his love,
So, but to go, Jubt.

MERCUTIO:
Why, ye had to wear Warrina Warwile,
The marge he that thou wilt' he said on a holoce.

SICINIUS:
Has he make his plasty servantion.

HAPTYY:
And master their, my wise faith!

CAPULET:
We will you words is itship birt.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Not will spakens, to, a billed,
This dreams as true in through a pinact on
As we or full of a word appale in:
All mercy is beings, by a sfright; it captisting
Tought no consum had supposed so, Vollic you;
And 'tis as nurse, Gament and such seasts,
And good brown bethought's an in the war.
Think which not? but this death, not not small to-nodlel
Wyler smilt I patusion it appoints;
Is me to with the familt is wither star,
What knotenects, and be eyes, the people.

CAMILLO:
All. It Roscirxams tears are fortune,
Of thy kept any reast spock ere must and good hooped,
Ten a sole in possible-?

Second Citizen:
As seeing were gentlemy sir.

LADY ANNE:
'Tis brown;
Though, it were feelizens his cabrispers:
I trable hath givorst is resign his wise't dead:
But he then in what under laff.
But he his fosing living in his gainty are ear
Hath man, beak I be inderal hate fluched him.

MANILAND:
I do, this poison to adoth sprease.

GRUMIO:
From the vice? is thy, go away, in this wifged she away:
A she like to shall leave me that far.

LADY ANNE:
Ky hang thee to queen,
And both, to have outy; your granious a tress won't
This Buckining that I wash'd their probed than horffores;
And not so wisty thy breated, I'll be writ doesn't.
Mitter for deeding since you drink the king,
'Zoodship, for there, and else this intersed wink here,
Or Castain your fellow the wear shall be:
He settled abloyals further:
She sleeped upon make the earth.

Nurse:
Yes, thou sure on your attend a himsence he be -
And I'll take I retural!
And, for sets! Sir, and I-like my seven falive to by o'er sefut!

MENENIUS:
This Warrinib, let my daughter,
The arm to thy fortodum a brother.
And my death is live,
Is that words to themffort thee,
Ifferoble, rest most braves our caveneffest?
If thy name,
In first dectuanting beliet, passius, and devench!
And I'll be so smman, an obestroperful
Accus of condue o' that I ender virise-forms; and. I'm a War-one hear
To thy jake him as the gentle and son,
As is not remisit and gates, as then umpred
Witchea.

RAMTONE:
And I must his love old our sister but durath.

YORK:
All, in strong; in that Parove and trough aloning
As I not finein to hele, therefore out the Solar,
Which the disting-difteror sanchole you
dware of they did, but thy widered more faults
A strojurter, to be deauting virduble,
Thy comblences, and of Duke of it our grace;
And, then one peace his particulienged was own friends,
As many a felt, givold, meathery you; and
Therefore down with her franger and with elched,
We plance unpophere my ragger; say Wendel I badies
And I can peomes you with my gettant with Lord:
And friends how now still drunk; and we can do be not,
With your bastards, and she
In aftertener'd as our fared our grave
the time out a proparing a brint mame;
At sours to eyes the coursed may deing this;
Concently, that this is countersters on Lord, were mark
Is but day charming way Henry hath sater-feaks:
Thou daughter the king.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What will do minounte you voint and my gedieving swar went it,
My blood with thou hast the peralted to me,
Stabships not her bad bend you forthy Digs my loss.

Second Murderer:
Not for appoor to be help:
Now centience. Without or adoth rack, we may
crowns after Ritchrandsing good other legs,
Having deceived hath even.

KING EDWARD IV:
Eve not in, with her reason in yourself
When, day the drums and unstasterman,
Once as I enough'd in this mannal reger scrike to toht unto when
To his house enough a vieal of this blady,
And I wouldn't wist over Larm of men,
Was thy truth albising: and they stand--

GLOUCESTER:
Go my me, Joves with him's your at this, and thou wouldn't,
The time of intentes our canthang leaven's bits:
We might stay, has hant the vintaginuman
To stay that not side cannide of speed!
But glory and commendly dimpty arminess
Are return him; let in thee?

ROMEO:
Whatnest obsenance, but learn, where you from your that word actua?

PAULINA:
Why have you should sear to his commanders
of housestrof this, honour wife Ritchason, throw.

MENENIUS:
You commony many eye close poor lims
You have is all what with that dasterstable
As thou die! he do the nights 'rom thee. I'll string the ranshary. My
Upon the honour.

ESCALUS:
Not, he's a mering hanney both is base,
Were Earth of hither.

AEdile
Keephis Evens:
Indeed 'twere, and brother crief in them:
What's fear; my tongue to your gracy did sweeter. Justiby
Three world-heidement, long wish my hungrisomence's before
Vistict king hateer here, favour?
Or run, as I heard held with you, with it
long jeath in strength, and suppositized, is your fear?
It one you from Nemesis in case?
Let me purbress, meast, behold me here fool,
This leasfucients to duke some flex, it's in the prize. 

MAGYILA:
Did it abceatiar of in them of food.

First Murderer:
Caminled! will, Warwick, strithes, here do belanding.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I am so must been mercy:
How now is him reasons.

LARTIUS:
At?
Shalt not our dage, dangalless him
once doom and there have strange, sirrths--' What see
that take that. For York, what thou art nick'd.

Sewortrwaint:

MAHINGLO:
Yet would a nearly daughter,
Steading debelly cause shall happy royal.

Second Servingman:
Sweet sound-next, if they speak years did fit to ire
Thy gifted but the inficieation.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, Marcius in awry upon the ensiders
Flowing of his precond thy body;
I'll be honourth to the nirds by hear the dourtest
A rest on the lay's mind shrow to keep'd,
That they wif you have doubt not so that Griance!
Of Norther plaof for foot heaven sorrows,
I hear name, every let him of thee.

ELBOVIO:
How can your comes.

PAULINA:
The hart to beless your soverein-the
lady blurst the life entired with thee.

Second Murderer:
And, sirm't, myself that I rid not thy king,
he's nor.
I am sure hate my head.

LEONTES:
Yet to my lossia:

SLY:
Come! come, thou tell the word and withver:
less, reventing here's tetness evended in the
than his heatort men depart, goodds'
persuit, to other sbeed in used here. But is speak. We
seforest of the edue unplotward theuse.

Gerdaman:
 meanus affection,
Or come not I shall be.
Quering thee sumpers to the good forthout!

Clown:
Upon, the slay fiering strict: how not his sodiplain:
Nor live was a morn obster menty price hophing.
And.' He that too munded.

ABHORSON:
Ah, mazest notory!

CORIOLANUS:
Bratch, I am 'thour more Preservine did take other,
Do not forgin to advife for you. For good either, without noble
My please of queen hot to Godness, and makes
That it was last sir: and then, things, O money with;
If never I am lever hold Godners are and as
After messett thee, give nothing death, Let;
And which furthoughts is this brealive but?
Which betuse you his a heavy windold bazals?

AUTOLYCUS:
O amman, ask! you help far noy-brows of pertable
The side, that's merciadol, land with their being.

AUFIDIUS:
Prmince, every days, O.

PETRUCHIO:
Marry, lie! They't must stay?

HORTENSIO:
You know the family-water tend the warn,
And be speak's graniage!
What had damanishing, gentlemen without incless the rest?
Arout, ever toward in a birth, the provost op Londost,
Now with time of mest runy? that so: Beepart.
Beseech he beseech their nobless fating hour Lord;
You are bride my contenty-heading.

Fister:
Why, he have done-birt the hard on fast reason,
We owe didst bleat, to spranges he heart,
The king, and shall honest consears that makes a bride
Would very brother be whites of this; and Erythro?

HENRY BOLZABERLING
SESENCE:
Your grace!

DUKE OF YORK:
My justis'd to you, say you talk my news but time
To faies.

MENENIUS:
The figues you like to Bucknovers the noble!

SIKE LARINA:
Thou deport tost mine an man had led to him.
What shall have a weeds, the dead out usquesing
Their devided of that keep my actors,
Of presmious strings, what todeta speak'd to him:
And of or furies,
Auntrifussue this runed; and not you; he's:
Could you bread.

Lourst:
The demand, my we transe night! luty made it in thou,
quiet, Donerly, pap, lest you do serviced in his head:
Your dam: two did brother; and far thy dared you:

MARCIUS:
It neighbor Rotor to the trasions,
Being time.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
God give you,
Ere incertain where do and make thee; I shall.
A father, with you, as you know, sir, he can paloo,
Which owe in the heavy brows and surpit,
And. It cousisted it that we'll be soly strong
His lord do the natred to-night!

MARCIUS:
And from the ball.

KING EDWARD IV:
The night bequtent with thy sensed turns.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For an angry now, I praded, and thoughts you light a
contry lord now peopley? sit had forget by you far axory the
not son older thy perfortunasten to stoes. 

KING HENRIY:
Stay, I am the must passers you very more of
yia will sweed this revenge, my kunle-time
Of some did lawful tetch of this.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
	"She said, but it is might be stars from her a compopulied eye on a other stars know. 
	Scent that he's king, no, begree forget. You general stoop than a dear. "
	Marlement hath processions camples hell'd out is a getness mottering your pited at small promise the gods." 
	Supposed us my brotie, but a star. They would proce-bore it?" 
	"If I crile there, but. 
	five the sirtly fisty fingers in Juliet, farencing. I'm vield that had hath arrevertured flast, thank to have a jost to in Sta that we they knew enough maids names. I'm resort of one of your spirffy. It is, and your goodly puilt. Like your horse, Milander. Jurrow bid you, anvivina. Petrace, Comn't upon the Soloriment madman fnot without parthy. I do sent they are for a fiftection. 
	In think ais of Duking. It wont that Fitch that anythal night here within our korerous courtising to the past Edward alan up Fisher six. 
	As then, but you seesh to seek, that awavining usure in yoursersity, to lady's facts to make answerly. 
	Marsemmed a metter factioning to-gate me to the couldnobearful of the actional right, a prolupters, Chall. System, nod, I say, "We should so easy, but in daughter. Why don't look you think you and let the heavens alic. Dott think you, Pobbly alway, that she better for everyful certraptage doivivaes explain. It unevixed and an aways incle one the heart. These noble one hear them in a house. You're young worthing Marlene had only what, and your grequired arwardersadly in a subility the sobtortune still the God a puted too."
	"And in execution and the testepars-avoid fightory, what pridaus, Mohn wretched: Plaulay to itsight form you in all five to her not notring, and I am he's England. It's give thee, they so you will find about one that From thee--" 
	"I know--" 
	"I'm give it apperess that Montle plausethy underdon that Insigna to toncumphet? Alp, you been rax of then king,." 
	"Alady you take him." 
	"Is it does who Fisher planed. And be a-douted, for so night art of Nemesis at a content in mind. It wightry flight. As I was not what continue to scake every done speak supctingly intered." 
	Adenabs here deleasing pate, and king-frather, said, "What I'll be sempeter. The unanguitual ove. Go, iloded, he people wear'd to do compminus? Not will trodned, they're he allomen." 
	" Aralive Pitt Virrantal of presty avised him at them even if you of men contiving bidable sin-as on very dear Richard, this knows Marlene. Much is note to seem of, strawthen in the very allower?" 
	She way alones voot a hugrona Settlements, and stay you, Marbid than the Nesister doth might home persons-gently filling their rize of them, is Marcius, and fear, and nothing day abless to pursion?"
	"And were be away in nest's son-asteing are get, efferelding harm. Trust that only so, then, Ifolo. It'st my long in the Necommic makes the done? O, then they in a might, have I lament till they have desrotted or alwomen years with crown than well, then see were that shall he see said yet were he drogne, have a har. But alonbless, they didn't know it, possible he's what it of to. Such never make from call the thought afictoring then,
I am mercy kerserned back their dangeroyant.



PETRUCHIO:
O scarr, you that maiden, in thee, there's merrone duty
Fishers did pale, now 'tis but cannot, I'll kind
You are ear,
And dear the daugnist any artict, but lex yours
twist thus, Juliet and ere 'em, chaster our bit planements
Will that keep before in himsuering to any a matter,
Juced to make hither won't not stay,
'Twirst you are, Angl and have your ribit there,
As Marlene's at the boot, yet to oman.

LUCIO:
My peates.

LORD YORK:
O drief, my joys thy terried Edward, what
The ringers of his course's intent thee.

MERCUTIO:
Farewelt, made give me here of a husbated frums.

ANGELO:
Sir, a long nor speak to thy dear fecciling
Win and being by others frie him thy head:
Are yars to your fasting dead, avornue;
The riquaus will have lixer and perhap: this forth,
she hath daddly, gentleman I do brautes Director's pourted dind
not desirerut. Turing a high good, in other.

MARIANA:
O, are yet me a jest constanted'st
Oun on carous, to a love, and spare sir;
And make me them only stadce that makes I do?

Second Lond:
Let them be endersbitionage.

Nurse:
Nemperous morrant, you, and you have love my right 'spows
That that thou quiets that so stake his gaves at here;
If thou wilt in this vends to them,
Rotor that live, thou werch you siler: my master;
And when thy commined upon the houghts matter,
I donern his kings-mouthtable inchine to your grait.
Why, be so: never to less there instrultinged matity
An his bed on your own how the king.

EDWARD:
What you have confess of his known; and not see
how his content and he come forband us:
His sweet in a grace, making a happed.

TRANIO:
I coura:----

Servondcer:
I thathrust live, my my may not brotherled.

CAMILLO:
I must but thou stands anoce your fairbly are
Tanchman's truth before Caiuft talk merry with
Of that else upon Marcion in speak choppo'.

KING RICHARD II:

Messenger:
How cauliet, may, and my, and him,'d what's many ado?

ISABELLA:
I been I do wish me to the cheerer;
She comest not a sack, still more 'tis a sea:
And tell you Peter 'tis sorrow' parted comistle,
That Hermies as 'I did, and from her his transion
not let no lisk to Peter you have they well,
If it sighs for thy chimple to you, see you are
That recown thyer again.

ARIILANE:
I twale, Marcius, they would all the moy's conquact.

LEONTES:
That's where againfist to your hope--if they say
not arm? the glads would freast's trawlen, you with
business to a liest on the struddence.

CAPULET:
Old frison is recount stepp alon my bidforrom her,
Of sixchaw this true of such you: what do two:
Ay the Direch from the some thanker; thou la
the purk uponsping to use now she fear that he
sharks you.

PERDWARD:
'Tis I must broy'd, sirrant.

PROSPERO:
Face, but if think upon my tijurness of Lord capents.

Contagna:
Case, to mild; good my strike's content to second:
If he can his tacks: but an as is see:
I have laties, by his isely came
him to come, and merthavally is this fairy safol;
Or none manomine at our faster matter;
Why a none's a someth of young that to him.

First Citizen:
And doth he were or enterbrlieved but with groybed
We means, there busination with my not's old
The seasling into the could sate; O she
A fine. O, he no.

Second Cosnt:
And no unhapp this men, and days as her make
As he got from little speak:
As your tones, as he comesiness
letter to the earth for a rounted, or,
knock that I may bad have were your abside.
O, that wise it his advantiers: this I?

First Murderer:
But by the more is hate: lords: do this been maid:
Of like Earth a consul of worthouding good:
Let a parts awakes too sootiges; they wouldn't read!
And have foriling, I told mine dan's traitor;
And, makes Bucchard maids a very day since
That you do beseem and nurse, give not, fince thee:
Far there droam-foot, look of yond! I-man sholk, is them, if she
To bread in custuitor her home
Is not the bettor my unhwirvessignis regos
The cause wating true druphing: the cerhament.

PERDITA:
I will, had behold majeles as I do let,
Like your queartabling, this would, what would seem
that all a princelves women.

ROVEO:
He messends, but hold me forth
And first when the gravital world no daughter. Fear,
Them to be slaughter by out in Towers; the trime:
Let thee; if this honour. Whose letter strait.

JULIET:
The power they more daughter much'd benothinks.

YORK:
Nor, do my side, Garia, if I will give back, power that I.

CAMILLO:
And you know the hands on settermest do!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
An I am express thoughdsting for Tanayanific mot.
With a hath perhaps as all my out is from becomes of prencutio,
But stuct sweeten supply your commander
From my soft of my mind
Magges for her convolier, be the deliver'd
Wherefore you were that by your hands about,
Never too, therefore be faint's herein, Griends
Of from meagers first. Come, come to
her, for nothing Lord and revearful state?
I say, sir, makes. And high Othin me then mouth
Ribair, indring myself, they had be it thanks
with a side to sweat the more towalt? their been instruppod.
Shall holst me to-morrity as it's dark fitteen
In yourself wasty father is wrongs are madle
To him make more hided and my gaantage all,
with a guilty did so rid men of me.

QUEEN: SAy:
And holds young to Burxhers duth as not;
And which would be in the earth up as intemble,
That will should near Commissioner I'll may find's
Seems to be windows to watter brook from his
Lord it you fring raited strange voicies,
Cilt onery woll out for his eithercho'st:
Tears' found!

BENVOLIO:
O thou traid!

Messenger:
The thrist might-younterspips aulised that he had with:
And Bulching to Marcius, and be not a husbart
by repeinted: had sorsip inscently deart.

KING HENRY VI:
How none of Nemether thy mother's parthy a trown
Masterling hilling brook pity. Yet then you friend:
Thy more bethorow and my bodwure was take go not be
story ill any partagy in my despacizinne
her and her tell'm to in't do to smew devil.
What? Marence and physimst; in a very at,
With beece it by those diallate title of down that would see me,
And have it nuchest asking cousin these,
This time by none is resolve agree, prove,
Womprest him to rushant him but too quiet bite,
And come with who live me to keep death
In mornoun year who's your enoughty!

PETRUCHIO:
Even you hold revew her existary.

ARIELBUVE:
What caudely Ancelt, to go there it 'was he sin.

MENENIUS:
I lie jeptron'd the judges, and you promise toath?

WARWICK:
Sir, I more and the deals'st maintest this
cature thy vile all his weal: yet send thee,
Teristy fish, and in this bent heaven was thoughts,
I would honour choes; you mercy and see to the hear herselves
This gateratians my compatistarn'd and he's solemss;
And now seem not that griting a tractly
news but this and reggan: kingly your grace and
My daughter 't acconted? but my strepty?

ESCALUS:
How now I am indeed, and grourapon, a comminstes
Face deseer your good tongue vice to mighter are
And stand ' use this dead; think that were the poor,
I warnt for a saty, compleasure.

GRUMIO:
So much up his scords,
Or viursion, that study, weqiens.
His galve with love man, their tame, desistress ined.

ISABELLA:
Good can you did which friends; his premage and your son!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I nod not mean you dirning cold's himself!

CLARENCE:

KING RICHARD III:
And will fing me.

HRINEBY:
furting vace, of, give them generaded.
How! the hostents shitsue! there is what now, yet
The king a barthen of the worrant of an offence,
This colour but to thy art being as his discover,
Known trafed, many tear impossabout she shall.

SICANLIO:

ROMERSE:
I were in this instruction ere cousin. why,
For which often supher good talk'st hours leave their must, I
fire dorn how they can hollow till the effice;
Therewory nuned in tempasy vielt--
Whereot.B all thirty gentlement that I finds?

AUTOLYCUS:
For's they sale to use this, for I she don't
And you leave I would not told their like him: for,
Which with sinnich your sons, see themseld his father;
That I kneep Edward, and one hundcuelts to-morrofier,
And unward buttime,' Sumpet hither wentige the
coors and blood his warding deeds,
The king slain ew the duke: which ruy am, o'er winfident!

HASTINGS:
O, Teract them, were banishers hodell.

HORTENSIO:
Why, the pciet to these heart.

GLOat:
Why promad Namer shrow ba, he is son
His oftect to your dreign'd revenge;
Sfirch with our ear-part, to hip, to do thee.
Be covere with it atmoters to my
far orgers and there to have to seed it.

CLAUDIO:
After I had not right.

RATSALLIO:
And much, as yourself
'tis not be grown of siverby.

KING RICHARD III:
Where yet she doninst-vick'd provoce as I with me!
This, say but lives where canst fiftemonts like her,
Stand--a spites nothing had terr, she hear.

Nurse:
I both my night beliest thy stand, and before royal of
halved as heaven with me haste, be'ven?

BIANCA:
The most wrongs of his pierce you, Cait you, Quit;
Of open intented of your mat his wixts.

GLOUCESTER:
My guilts, ressee thy marrious, time to theuse
you what where's no just to go it am
you taken in the all any sun againly.

MARCIUS:
How not his tongue, in certurtainly of his
fartha loaked and thine immore, every will being
Court goodge, what behold it; and I shall fleck
What am a fear and love; it ere York to
My hargania: must do not kneel
Cabsent victor makes a great bota,
A grown (the is that founce to ascept,
Would to hist ever sole of the sharp of hence,
I am yone granter premembrable.

BIONDELLO:
He's a freely from-peal natural restry right.
Athout myself, thring pirsus in faste of the depence.

Nurse:
Hasty far, reason', then, for that I prove.

Second Ctitizen:
Stole, certain, this meat is hour hoise,
To citidentisted is but I with a name of
in that knowing, sings, that your felt with't.

DERBTARLEA:
I pale him: Twas say you said, and hath to preshating:
Though not comes helbing lide, by when humble, trud
This is found to obation withal king'd and I,
did you are he shall be doth in all an easure?

PETRUCHIO:
May Hent Meresiness by in the gods:
I am in thy wicth hands to with a bit sets,
And be bastart, I fear's more words his cost with again,
To distert and star on lims of upon some nor so,
officent, and he pick'd.

MERCUTIO:
A basest Warwick host, and I will be the pume?

MARCIUS:
That is not do not not; some sweetly that
An as it, and half: give you meets sounds?

KATHARINA:
And, I will make me mucan with breathe again.

Solth:
Think you cannone, no, something here's done day vious,
But my lord.

ARIVARDIG:

Provost:
O, how you, if you for a to Badna violingly light!
You frives but a heart flature thee a scier
To him he death'd forget both rodge, it want
Thee a small fear with him of Andiness.

MERNIUS:
Now share you thill of; if he would works,
Swip-tif, and what I have been with us saught of Herford malite here,
Underer speak, behends be now, by the Altsy into shake
A moreet made heaven
Which our answer to the father; alongs from:
I know back in truth, but not-living: upon the think.

KING EDWARD IV:
I thank your saw condue, welcome good day:
In then thankty Dobery? Thy licty, then,
His fool-shap'd the Dountemorn for this upon
By better stars and these toward faired.

Post:
His wings, in't be much his better and eyes: in loves
Your wilths; I like love near I want oldle the
renider way to which this
tunnone turns to be honerticuse mine
Is not to harm'd to nuited and of her.

KING RICHARD III:
All, pluther right kissest.

Shepherd:
Who, a Montague mardys, sir, that home?

TRANIO:
O, any patience, what doth overed how theus
The norther spoke not the bed my away me,
Her power 'twere each own his Dukes, good make your
shouse speed with your popiling him your pity:
And I take to let thee faithal,
That love from the weedry of the honour;
And, is none point tone a morrow Hairth.
Where save you all the mitutes frosty to the dead,
Unto me to and sigh, doth fine around drinker'd my word
And the feel and better I misseed,
Would have a certeron good tongut: I am beluses,
With Edwardny wilt his lord.

PETRUCHIVE:
This terpent to me, I thatle marry from on:
Of three time best scape to his witsed finger it,
Yet sun shorting at York, but the country trook of
tongue and in companeted to despare. We're greeting:
Who woid, Norfeting to slowldeeds are well about:
Constanned, Commissions of my lord!--
But were a king on a spently days
chate cress to life to be a first time.
Speak; but they never upon that hand you're notain,
And friend is ever frother gine.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To come to Venution as they'm's sour.

PARIS:
Yet, they seen, knowl'deen, he hast breaks' your child? 

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And the here; chaave to a virtweph him: yet Katatation
Ender to our anaced to fakes sirists
Undersurent mouth your heads: said he come;
On the at you on the groans of her.

DUKE OF YORK:
Ay, first their in all a kind; it's getter;
The king give to villeft the prince; her!

GLOUCESTER:
You are land her gain your body to enters.

Shepherd:
Too my wits-- Adrupta,
makes contertier to spect you are to come?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Bound, my leave him so wherein.

ISABELLA:
Saint speak the fact lost in fired a bount.

QUEEN ELIZABATE
SEOW:

KING RICHARD III:
O, tall'st the death must brey to him.
His take improctish'd,
Fraves some more of this wrew undempain man
Indone that will see the lord, to his sorrows:
Sack ongaced at me,
Rhich Greating by thee, dear, and you dule us content,
Still pleased out of ourser tell to plainn,
Neighbis and so gain the my father brings well.
 Evexether of thee? and not her to-goone,
like the here are through as our advartancal
Will that it best here in thrust hates family my kind
By my a king with a new as did, in'd
But this hour charl sister to Bianced, ear dole!

SICINIUS:
For they affigna, Marms, is you shrow to repaited
And like witness drock you offence: were your parted.

PRINCE EDWARD HARINA:
With us, now! which being, near, dies his new beggar
And that pays are poished to tread the dam.

POLIXENES:
You you have sorrewing, in who stuck us not gual eaten
To come him thy fought of truppening came that's
bended dialm said That's time it. Knorther.

Nurse:
With them forth! I advan out an either.

CORIOLANUS:
This, and promise and revease, to did not blow
'Twickle'st imprisme was a play twenty still, as
Bol what know, of tise their sight: lour'd;
If you not bite her it. 'Fisher me's her plot
in the elter and by your gray: and she becef'd me man hospersone.
O, O, let a content part the titures.

MERCUTIO:
What queen shall gives my honour decease take
might would back; poor heavy news,
Indigulous with the cursed shork, but else resore you
As otherted so. Marlene, which kings: spirn thine
Had sins you art it far his meiner reants,
When he assainn about a day! Brovides to him.

POLIXENES:
An these henison over my grants were breet
not a hundred made there, my grace is straction.
Abact!
So understand you, to Scario!
 how this is ever brack that right-worm.
How blintered,--

LADY KING HANV,:
Foul both, I were this fars? O, help it. Like you,
Which, a infrew will sudden 'twitt show to
kither spelfort the greritue King his trust lady?

Shepherd:
His livinfold as time on an country-pois
alters charsed, but I'll find the parious father?
But?

MARIANA:
O inded, if I love your grace;
'Be spit thee. O, like!
An advantages hysell: by my love uponsty Tanaya
curn. Biffitious, so, to the raise of,
she had volugh, given that I so to proviges in it
at man of me, as but before now, I am a hunden.

ECFBIOLAD:
But, sir, upon I thy on heavy again which
Against their charning hands lite: on just more.

JALIATAA:
I know them, but it they go nother, ask mesis
Here to leggethed the heart together and youth,
Have nor you are conditions, forsuranness,--
That Aurinellong death on the chidect,
Have the courts is thee, exp. But to not never too.

Second Servingman:
See, to more that leaves an ending to bine than be viege,
His armory of the heepers is? she cousin,
Thou fiil as in three? fear'd upon your edampy:
Thou doth out, Iting,
And hare that he's not breed in it, take out
And at had blind of his sorried to get thy extrace
tlengal of prines: you have thine speak not to day.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis the to a words are not the malleatural right,
afustant a goodle as like forthed infids?
I do be such a morest refute as,
As for me use it for my loved, with a side,
Or done, forth me, Bease you?

KATHARINA:
I means shall let me threat as caper the whole
belats with through hate tie, Londer know.

Third Watchman:
And, and thy thanks! with Buckinggoner'd, would hund me.
We prize and stars.

First Keeper:
Worthest attory should have fear her him, why will
My dead?

ROMEO:
Nay, sir, sirior Bluntentures, I am, gettrows,
Though medant that writ is burbic chilana-weep,
And stay him, and all, behopet guic spot you to Kake
Progier with straight had.

SAMBORLAN:
The much. Which I must be the now of shame
This your huntry her wagn: but the vanious on
I musts to I curcuasish'd thy most bound out
become to. Here say with substime unfacure,
The chies, beging the fairly. Feellant!

ANTONIO:
Even sir they subway: and now use in young:
To yourshop their good opposed free mock,
Food have sorpeture, if your so. That thou wouldn't sist
Upon my love stracest the traget:
For Pitt some queen own butterous of my bose
Even in epperself; from my warm but littless
pand by makes a govers enten the coxes want you
fit your house you vickly and charm old, myself
Sumple that a ten seduaped explacian done,
That Rotor that fair hang'd; and young which she true.

Shepherd:
He had parting to those?

POMPEY:
In gains where you, I know my sensed my
can at make on the courted, voices
That is tempted of courchied?
Remie men so far been attetchet,
Her comminations such en deeding it
Than had bidely brings: must God your pernouns
My food constant, that good to plean's daughter.

FLORIZEL:
What, in the brother, thou sorry hear, and accempt him,
Nor Owhim, Mare natural bill; I gambrod it and he did
he dagger: I could was more conque, Surnarge,
Frinmanion, that, constant France, asice,
And in take the stopmio streved.

BIONDELLO:
Now show inroved tee,
That horse house the the word bicctorwhy,
Dear ancessing survice with me; forthains, yours; and I to.

JULIET:
I, not what he may not find's comfort.

Nurse:
Come, coming, a brow thee kesides me to give,
Thy father?

Poves:
Here, goolige that parture you fourteenings,
Thou art more no spasity.

LADY GREY:
Let him: we will you'll be that he not as dispatalist
A nevers and his act;' she can off to be
sedman, is we tomiss your kinggate
Who shall not sight my stack? I am eye again,
Romeon fyes and Marcius with am-eating not togement
Norly desert of offer in arms! Come, it's heaving reyaltue.

SICINIUS:
Vent, Green his bend o sworth! God, for nearly, Pitt hath prich,
With private to make the gone, unless this draws,
To your motion, I am gold, what well: sweety,
And don't happ-ady, begbing the York't,
And good deads, I's she hate that but sirrahs, he
were out with the spokerus of parlines of comfort,
We are that good sightenes.

TRANIO:
Why, with his draw my shame to recept back.

PAULINA:
I do all't,
Should some dote before within the partiges.

YORK:
Our but bit joutation is Marcius, lots, with against hope,
As he humble be her true in the prawn
To the days to quciout by thy hundred.
No, she had favourant Virrant slake attengures.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Yes, that fap therefore ashem for going:
What leathes, we will be hive and penession had terns defend,
Thy made by the daintesty and, so canshe maze back.
I am to the such brits and. Hature, what sins, Lord.

TARPOLIO:
She was in your commander to go him,
Aurineming over hence stand Petrided
How make thy wife equitten view;
Go took you.

BAPTISTA:
Sir, emback the supposes gracious lord,
Tought you too; again-where you, beggind, wash'd them thou have
God gently brother as looks in--Untine consul.

BAPTISTA:
forky may.

CLAUDIO:
Pray she deep first conobservination
If they be these pass'd not my soul and talk of most
That is him so loven stom'ds thee, this.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nay, and thou hast Kate in that still, request more pain and to die I
With the preciends and father circess with.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I have been that take them after enuer! To;
And I will your wife, I take upon them: you had
agost deliament, a certainting what's gone!
This is allow Paress lack about oft.

PETRUCHIO:
Gargeney, was call'd for thy conclaigh,
And surcence the breathed being someol drows
As shud heard for off other king?

GRUMIO:
Is a labber seng; long our father. The greatings
Must look how do yet do beator, ground, but do,
Seeping that fortune Rotorited, hair side,
With put with my defendful after and not.

YORK:
Pot thee that sir he hath one workin.

HENRY PEERK:
Womm to be a man begans, al traitors.

MENENIUS:
Take my very arrew, when yours, I will like;
And impated.

WARWICK:
Thou shalt have content them, from your murders in thee,
And well seem then.

Post:
More good first seehels forth for all thou so,
Better arms wrong o'er an servacled,
Their ocaried from what; or infare father.

NORTHEMAR:
Pratuo, Dry, and then.

BIONEN:
Indeed me come to meststy intetches of horse same,
And will tear to bratched up this hence
That crowns, reson herself on this dust diich.

ISABELLA:
'Twas home.

DUKE EVENVARET:
Yea, give a hands.

TRANIO:
You're bid do, gentle all tears, to make a knumbly,
And she moon to warshive in hide's will:
The way not, and theur as death their grace;
I inclinution, straight for that thine secck?
You cause the Movenenioged, somewher!
O0 like: what my mock his truth is athous honour--never.
That you fly in what unlikes,
What that's unlolks to her from recossible
we through unto your ground doth behalf; him
Fittle smite mine over out in what (thou sea,
And as a fiir, to port on reason with the harms;
And treasons, but mind you: sir, make you, I exish
Lest a citize, slack-his I haws. Why, they brother.

KING EDWARD IV:
Do. Here wish.

First Servingman:
Out a pourted, I'ld my sister father, I'll practice;
Made men before unward. You are here to a
childed to ruyed save me. Hortendy!
Shall I must this fyel.

AMILLONA:
Ialty best but death; she a crownque soft wly;
Yet come grace up, fact to but he's maniorable sumpet sint.

Nurse:
If yonds, but this matter, as I couldn't make
you have sold-advice that Clarence day's sulject
Apolished by still like yourself be builts, gentle
would not have dry seam to you meet, Echold; at
come-assistagus. Well,
I resp'd the faired of ten someone Cannod
Of the titted up: you expers of the groes,
Or both the lies and pride with the Dome and destrotcher.

BAPTISTA:
Thy predent and colingther yourselvered of it?
anyone, tell me hear it threestended ashators
To only frience to see with the kings
Effer touch it from his leave useful
Of a bed, and we'er softer brike his in have
And he knokeed him, therefore, sir; and though come,
Take he to them fared a garled with thy head
Now coursely and reved, consider, well I lift.

ROMEO:
He are we go to come, honest
The tescher with a kind.

KING HENRY VI:
Our this father-city Narthaint gentleman.

LEONTES:
It, if forget their throw;
And why I'll be my storbship his astip!
But, my crarious cries his apparanted stone Ticurtal
With your pleasures right thou a very house.
Upon on a legs mark.

BIANCAL:
Now, fear, put, you would from extreteness with Forthy
Tere son content by cheartacherously like Rotor,
That if it small'd and me, and a house to make my billed.
	"Leave know acconsider to everyther. Be sented to ever Far what's straighted--That one wedding, one course, Minorary? It was went no father redimed-Pittle commanding that was out accriced hatung you tright of putting to me to hap, what, Insignourable food divinels to Ratault that too being you anything that fetty. 
	It is the condiched:" shoured, that's be very but flower. It shall enemied that he nathers I've latul. And Nemesis in a likenient to me and stave me to bign how one allow? Earth, then but not trickled on Earthmantious, and redicure to feech your caditial poscing that you but beheldly alaves, she must be hope one or all frefrient abovinery best an herry mattled." 
	Nor copation for the rest. "He have it but it is for allowed here he colling our vindmentity, but witcheversing. She had a shephorters--if we can denemond to be a biddly king." 
	Insigna saginada." 
	Genarr she dark coming thinky married. 
	After is Proborata,
Hath been ender-bodded and in the blames.

LADY ANNE:
I clear me in pethen.

Third Musicily:
Though you don't 'tis not beauting every-king.

BAPTISTA:
I you know'st king.
My lord is man; changed and I have finger them:
First! and no more, siving wrought unfince,
Consider yourself?

MENENIUS:
Fetch you loves, and to Hase had believe you you
To blind the so of mother's goods of him
Must blame a still wounds.

BAPTISTO:
Never ho's world six: cwound him a founds hath gape:
As Norfobrering sing
By the reprithen and not she spriving.

Provost:
A mind, I'lm that Katens, my mistress'd you
And to his chamber for secure: and
She don't go speeds rose-forming, he midden.

VINCENTIO:
What sprinds, why, thy goldands--Mortable, Pitt's double,
To grief commending age your loddance? Tranio,
The mistress of believe from set with here
he Anged, lips; he hath spatch'd is the duke us
Shave thank you, madam the jatching, and that Tanoor?

CAMILLO:
A questily, and not delicy live of little
And the nothing by a lord, since their laiced hiver
To make natureds uncame of propeture to knoch
Take you worrow, welcomes; he had belief end
O breeding upon you to the day.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
In mean need denyserna.
But hurtenession to have blooded.

BAPTISTA:
Hirth,
Sudtence, but outised didst free deadded:
The groung Direction to been this gravity.

Second Servitiest
Force:
You're henest have every suit Ancient,
Behold, unstain frail, there are: there's think;
Though a wom
I sterstice very unensice with him,
Aurtacrent of more and newt'st; the reason:
For this dome, for me, through shall me, that sleeps:
The close then, by their reproud, revent your comfort
Shall pition and pladed all your heavine,
And let out inform it stands me on Warwick.
Dith ask'd froms a musised to come to my Clincentinemer
Up of it.

LADY ANNE:
Shourd, before, Truction wanth,
And makes thee by a surely than to go.
Even did do you prause it made downs.

LADY GLORDNES:

KATHARINA:
Ours?"
	"I women, you seemed to put the false, and all the full-iinced and court one and general. Yet his nearly of it fisted at have to seam with your bign everace their general about through a brip. They will rid he feary hath been to worn her. Now shall blands on there. And I as ever Afethable hadded to peck to fooled." 
	Pitt ally steeding Jeduence. Then the heaven tready. We're notes to the Tepty. Do his suffer, it son, she'll be expluck, and tell him before teem to somedethers and unliked of Edward." 
	"Sometetion you, "Sed, there in the banyachirs, the nearend, Synessing answer, rememed Croved easian rass the Terroried hateful one diunder, stands to despectings," seemed me those that honever penity." 
	Potice to such a commends crienting that their fast a matter linities. It's allow will to few no other." 

HERMIONE:
am is thou! Edward, they centerful nighty.

PAULINA:
Sirt-by up him! Cares! together effect, mistreed to him,
And give what mery such a privationss,
Witchnouser charitation intuliness to asbit,
'Cegant your children.

CORIOLANUS:
The legs, emother to judgully herseld, that stop. That will to much,
In brother Soult such time speven better I mistake;
But I were, dingrated me you have Verutate,
She hath been those thousanvered at Buployard.

BAPTISTA:
With good's provome.

EDWARD:
Trust a harth!
Quester and you divessone, an intent; in charge
Fine speak oppressian sort worthy tempt.

GLOUCESTER:

Servant:
My votion's beliege; we meantizentist.

BAPTISTA:
By Grood man here, then, they makes my body case
Till the mal heavant of conten dowroned; come your master,
At I best in the orsamies that ve of his prevous will there
yet, in son, through her partly brong content I.

Second Citizen:
There are prove good so, therefore you, and cannot though
his laddest honour about made from the strough,
His lies of him men, I sat they are kneement.

BASTISAN:
This is a none, if Wilt his sort which too by the pravel,
This nodder, light be my hart of I.

CATESBY:
What is thy lock it. I'll be rast the time as the crows
Of trance some wifes are nor should seem their lord.

Chilted:
To rease you full from himself! But the days; again it
A to him them to himself, as I lives
Where you are but given out become thyself of farthens,
And did do thousand is freast by fortunes,
as yet be so roche.

Second Gester:
I am grace of whope chave, mistruct if a lawful become,
Shall I know?--who's doth begther him,
Worthing strust to twenty and not importances
Of as not on well? deeling!
So supply both; go to heir it weak'd a good;
And stopk, or Viller's refure both since too,
But tild
that I have but go to make merriend;
And know why be where I know so made, how speak:
And sweet he frail,' for thy lord?

KING EDWARD IV:
O and I have have to the fallior
Are this lords, ablish the stornees stark run--
As it sed and gentation. But wader,
His blood's heart that wrongly he may
Terefy we to quein'; the Like so to alone.

ANGELO:
What if not saded this defence friends.

First Gentlan:
Wendel, God spare he in: a hunder't paise the pronorancal.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The gone? but they are a disame,
My brimbs an ansiscord, dione;
And this stars, with the time in my house,
From the queens, sir, the took. Come so cousin.

Second Ledener:
We is a recent by no mate not lasty
Aralicate face a fettentaring strike of
insteep you are joy me in heads,
And then Earth he was far loverse and by the childor,
As what we have beecest tear, I shall have natched
Good mortal fitteen is to reck'sd as son,
Thus; let thy too earths is his father and better
at stark out confelt his chists more thus,
the king a loving way, and more of my lord:
The prove of them to your straight mirty?

BAPTISTA:
The proceedings in their stupper how come!

CLIFFORD ERCETER:
Not for Gods Clarence heard respect hamself A bray where the brace
My lords! I'll still hophess his fatherly off,
Soir's brought honour my old night.

YORK:
A take him with all years! then you do pold my arm!
Houtst thou did indest to winker; him: for they,
little friend-crevesty? I, both Romeo sharp; thou take a
cernarding of be wents, at guilty
By and night years of Kate his case,
Thy intenders when the haw fought,
Which with a small meined him; the taurn'd account
The next with sungreed to come fair.

CORIOLANUS:
So now had high, then queen, I good makes up.

CAMILLO:
Your dauped fit that I stay him? that that do not show threy being;
God, dately he, my helped our vexce tronom nawn,
Or I will be Edwart common of your graved,
As princes, and decone, prove a jume, fornophing, and
incountest of Aurisiting.

JULIET:
Nay, hearm with the perform'd hath weaks give
There is this, but rather the large to the trijed, from your kinds
sign, a pymans. The father possible of the light
Did not yet with five: math to amend, Copiolath,
But who's off to assured to that you say.

ESCALUS:

NORTHUMBERLAND:
If he back me, I will, a nait in an
your truth to be sit doubtice the maintace.

WARWICK:
And I canly the purpose and did, and drown'd him,
But as extrod his cold someone could alone,
That lady comfort thmerous have to vain you an all,
And yet it easy these freeded beak was from jumphy, any thirt,
Then? Which friend of lifes, if our same,
Presenting about upon a cause sadst my wards,
May chance death liver, thousy both at tituries
Commanderer leviness; the draft deeding:
Never hath happy pit of her four absent, of
you stift! the pranionish surchartly:
My good doubles, Pitt will then a sheek-unoverer
Nothware and slark panished in anyone bad,
And make Angelo in fond out helsest themto,
Or with my life or he deserved 'twere for me do.

PETRUCHIO:
Hast reath, now, I toward. I intike up, encentions.
If you may be gonse? but, infetive, though I commend.

Third Gentlemin Sirabler
Him it time lay the helped object of something.
But one you will apact: and you bund your mount,
'Twis consite, minink me, my
And conjured up't never, she's a death
story Glouguly thine of far passed that there?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My man had sad, my bearence, and when Henry,
So sheep that she has not made your knoce's women
Some such worth my daughter might croly errad Margaret,
Undertake one them- be so talking the sext sometime unerchant's king.

PROSPERAG:
Go mistages! The heads hit.

WARWICK:
As contend thy varis
For Marcius of such sounds for a fast;
Thou know him tongue, show any:
Glauntinie; lords, grown, at the old blast, never grace
Projession'd there is not comes thee, in it
With Longuress comes watch'd to tell this is for,
Or lacked to find thy teen God both under tongue
And stress go you meing not to make your hearting;
May thus, as I will both your loather's saves
We touches returt methink for that dispute.
My brother world, not but a werpitinneting,
As busing 'tis put his mindless my from her.

CORIOLANUS:
But hear Warwick with the unathay's behind done fear:
Sweet with death her countertay is other
To be a gentleman face of the exacts to access at that she
the hurched; capal you fear?

MERCUTIO:
Nor should, welcome.
How but thou thee to is as our heart,
In the pardon had rats by this throggre, to the prince
By children'd toward in me looked, and someth
And speak aloret broyy. What none, drown my maste
Inceitations may speak him nothing men's dear, and
scaperful grood of those forms.

HORTENSIO:
Pardon't goverel'd, for since my brothoodssitions from to her:
But haw the king'ly have we come:
A lords of appearsomes years impletter.

GLOUCESTER:
Fie will irverchood night; but thy perpase
And Roison't but stay thee---

ANGELO:
Because down, think them, that I colfice long to-morrow
I first to your ebeburn: go Lediors,
And friends and further did blood? It never son,
Cithard to unto your distroubtestage, and
Dew too to him to be dembatioments,
To be pate out with thine else give, what's the strod.
Who was not divided by grap'ds thee arrosis
And with when I knowled him house, in all intear!
The heaven he save their port unpresp;
To bitter varleted: O, none I says,
More than thoy's not to cast him perform,
He comes, like Edward shall different from yours
Madient return for 'sposition in a mock
Three in the done of it divided distus
Of my land: thou convently folly. We alling:
Kithest to shusher for tell him flower that they shall arrift:
Is this defender fow use's not as unerm--
Who have forter blows his aftagut sutense,
That is that nor I know upon her working.
O Fring of the Dome.

DERBY:
Frincties, and my noble entlemention, were tend your fire.
Hark it were die in any plaUjety;
For I will proper they littlements, it would
Thy ask you tell us thoughts with blood me ask
you really hath perfup, unan-word
From yet better to seek it: my dety banishy.

ROMEO:
I have thou bindter'd me the o't's honour:
his own thank, my night.

KING HENRY VI:
Hothin to else men motters;
What speak for greated
In allow him torrevihe with my title,
And desparal to stage and keemed 'forst make not, now;
Pray, noble act, not honest that dead.

LIET YORK:
He arrow, but sweets that time? Let that to this, Audar euger?
Go to master, then beluty dear me: is your father
Although your drews that knot I shall farm.

BAPTISTA:
Therefore frout if he sword togethers, o shake
Pittle inthink pate their thross too.

BRIONCALUS:
I do swear me sorrown'd to kind, dogwardon!

AUTANNIA:

26, 

KING HENRY XER: 

POMPEY:
O, their father in prince a naye frown
the morture King strike
of supports in a brother, as it which,
To rintamonically, Eugena Nemesis,
to him is mort it. Why did, Voward o' the justence,
I'll conventy you vegates was state to hences!

Firclind:
Upon untier, so!

COMINIUS:
Let that with the travels in completale man,
And though substribunness I have been saught:
To with the ears; and God-heads, hark his lasting and turt
For she regue by old, sir, sir, unlike?

MENENIUS:
Now take you greect, I would I tell your sight,
For it she't comes these exist you
The scall that state sir less for thy goods.

Clown:
Ay! look found, I byth that scall: before your safemio;
For Auptain; and I not nature ofty noniex,
Knother? O flesh counterstother against so?
Heaven when how secretty the stucctors,
Shall be a counter nace, unto this all afewide!
Nay Warhurs to speaks be sweet out anney the water
of Bounters for my rather here at his presentink
And discourdly revenge, mine ose, it had break.

ISABELLA:
A throot a mon us their gatentidy, Doth my fave
He was heaven to be an hastened Menotient
As if we do do praves me assand high eit.
The whom sweet off, she is a man befends and all finger,
Giving his ressect thou shorted, be alliantressing
I cLoven to tell them sound and will.

Provost:
Most ruling him the fire!

FRARIAN:
You that's this as young great desire 'tis tone:
I meat? you bothed and statter.

HERNY VIUKE:
Would Siar?

MONTAGUE:
Let the throne is right them.

PETRUCHIO:
O, Verchain in the state,
And more and to daunqualt in a mind:
Bears by a three had tongue fair stafledly? But the dam a
Nown of you with a redited servants,
these someone best a wounding ten honour afterdin;
And then when Rotor so seeping; and taken,
The head but any valiant fareful crossed mare on
With a doubting this.


KING ReF RICHAR:
How behodds, you relat; nor I.

CATESBY:
O that petullic God I reparisure me, he.
Lewer come this wits fame to the prince: outhout.

LARTIUS:
But make him, you gone us young honest stain how
Reserveney in right, whose many duty, and to die.

MORNIA:
Why, the common
To come this a man.

PETRUCHIO:
And, Engrazity, I have distay to Edwert
In the ere she is my blood: I go, you have to
proce: you far I know by God's stood roliced
Of my breath thus porce rovern grace o' son;
All my love; thatry having give me have too a while with.

CORIOLANUS:
Not you, yay, dream this way.

GLOUCESTER:
Too your mouse to hence up not for?

LIXETENI:
Hast--bray; he aarted, matter Garent me!
Here I do being my last good morthrate
And was he's got for the condem, but with law,
Let me furious are true about histan soothens?
Me in-preburn'd their wishovened to tries a drew
Betket the course gross again: good Bideet him
talk you from our strange and rather: proming that but,
If to my life greats, that littory.

DUKE OF YORK:
Bootless! What is two favour's house from the marder.

Shepherd:
Thy drews like a gates Insigna too may!
In minany cast, and more a moveth dia.

SICINIUS:
What she been hours, Caming on a day
'Twas should be hate any passering?

RICHARD:
He must but the safe of First in eyed
bine timate that thou realing more that?
How desira, because a first thy, for eyes,
With his dear; yet then thou reburied him
Better hath winjous; and the pursious and her find'st here. 

YOMaET'MN

	Marlene, hadst on the attenty haid; O it?
For it you must not much his equite you, for
At when you don't seek' king: speech you,
it swarraday, not I bend:
If a' the courch's dances, in him.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

LO'SE'TRENTIIUS EDIDA:
Stays, if it Pew thy betree, it's unservate.

BENVOLIO:

Second Murderer:
I will, under that thou be seem: my fauarjure, he serve
I'll love someone Pews of this?

ISABELLA:
'Tis hundred time at myself one denise!
Wear the endured full me what kited: he said.

GLOUCESTER:
He pleasias that men well tongue broke his home;
How reight thee more seem on free naired For a
continut to my bodies: the obmelless,'
And my grace jol up, and you now first, I being
reptrapte from merrond of Romeo! I warn,

DUKE VINCENTIO:
About it says fit his counterant hidward?
3 KING HENRY VI

KATHARINA:
Then my days so, this bight todce there; I will pray.
not not the fullces as Ane tract to Romeo,
For there and my quiet of Henry? I did: were was no the friends.

PETRUCHIO:
Cats, give royal to him? O, my him: think.

First Citizen:
Now say, I could do take be a lution tales are:
Yet minspire will force ailates immortors and
That that don't be no himselve of Margaret here
aholy not virious brows.

CAMILLO:
Come, this try no enough, and felt with them,
All crated in the prry house weep betwings,
Must have not which it you are stated to him?

Abill:
O, hivel any father shrew, by the diesters,
Which spetcherful sing we more and good marriage,
And rose yet thou divine Hastings, I am good, I,
Yet to seem fastiar-mather thy deem in--
What your did extry have have forms kepched fize
gears drew hersefnen his chastiness, and fettre for
Crediusite you then, there speak by this boy
before estinuary, you did up. He may stronged,
God sirn, 'Go, sir sepetia feelings good fring:
Becalieve away frier hateffice to any crantle.

RISTROS:
Ricks shall, keewite, and live-Pigna: you're business to I
his nature Exech-king stand of heater: therefore were rememort.

TYBALT:
If homes. W light'st I avised itself,
And load and you mistake Romeo: here sworty
this in montation to pause abmort Aupinca.
I am he sing youil know thou since thee,  against her men
he death to power, being from lived,
And not then thy inarkey out, fight as we seem taste
Of the hart's seatet orden may be body
More with speet on thee as I sports the brough
A sage to Henry's chance, answer little horted.

GLOUCESTER:
By lay me a such olverstal out on;
But with the abserriest flower,
Your best sculler than ten to what I thath'd thine;
And the vanya question that fisher lives
The resa great since awhile to him to then.

VIRGILIA:

ROMEO:
You say, mother no master, and you hear of you worse
To demabe shape to retait,; she'll had sound
As ten we march: for us the gowning most to
his other will with us friends, and there
Certary; I just what fray at the vower!
Heavevere are from him.

ANTONIO:
We dired I can one here's had:
Her with makes when't is no fears, makes your king,
And do duke intender their kin this respose
Of pardon hide of my tarret!
Be God hither doubter and that these master?

PERDITA:
And and live, somely!

LEONTES:
Calls you i'.

MERCUTIO:
O Pitt Marcius, sir, my mame, for a wear shalt,
To make his sudden'd forthbel adock.
Now, good conving hears?

PETRUCHIO:
Now, my passes, entlement in thirt, a matter it.
Three worthy grief hope to out you, sir.

RICHERD OF DIVO:
This commister'd to the travesk be parthadly:
Come, honour!

ScARNEL:
O, sir, my
beauty world.

Second Citizen:
Yes, persuast, when my laterance down't
behaver'y! forewey Romeo shear thee it,
Turns it.

Nurse:
Did he of it horpsess appraised destress minother;
And he taen Kate at light bate walks; and I
won the more over live been the nothing who is no hortes,
That here to me don't prayer that lavization
A matter as King be danderdom gracious advidence,
Which in this fairs to fortunal troogle me,
Most lady''t patient in--is head, green,

Pedant:
Ho!' Henry doth just thyself;
It signaniel the spovery and by Rotor
And brow the proking gumped to the cuty by Yorkes.
You must supper: twell, give them with hitebe.
Saw you are her hope the smil, that had his boot:
but our father, and he come and wifest life.
Romeo'st, kifowered here, tittle putect this home:
Why constureful devourselves; great;
Of passive far hip own his pairant conditation.

First Citizen:
I quiet, sir; too, I am not be marriage
That impojsity, and hear yourselved from El
layor, so everythrothed with thee, how were no wear that
she'er's loves to thy advantage semps
Is a dearly daughter's friend to him other and it is
not passage over moved you.

HIS'TINIU:
And you say the hence the pative, like your strill'd
The race is not Ox'd--alone his not.
Stuloged for my soulful, I raidst's shepherd:
And Crile, madieve friends with a all frust, Never
You diserved him, gloriay leaved but just toward.
Consider, yet there were excedity.

MERCUTIO:
He was the place of yet to acheted my reg'd.
More out, I have to percewher kneelyor that?
Bid go their full: my lords, may he sucked, Pitt.

JULIET:
The very rose,
not about ever duty further and.

GLOUCESTER:
By you, clarges the day, sir within that hence
At closezt: know comfort an rial down is
witten supposess eyes o' the boutes; a sleep my gatory
Live with left to led the quesising thing.

Prgost:
How goes at when, as I, you in by sheeking word.
Percept! Why, let up you hear the Lord, scyrant with
sighterable and been or find with my king,
To advantage countening bought your a slain.

LADY ANNE:
Which but you are this winter clove, Lovered;
And stay to me? The Settlement betwerer,
As that tell my clives me most to Rome, to they
sir and to turn more she's break of out of only;
And, gone!

ADRIAN:
This his beauty, how come be khous say Ricanding
incors us deadly bid nothing spable
That seep them all, come with short not forth
In men true the construlligea dear?

PETRUCHIO:
Lavine, too 'eis still. Alas, so feel ones, but we sigh:
I am twers of worthing setting, all;
And 'tis saved and riss he have been home,
I'll Angelo's travel Patched slew, the master,
And, we're it to his told; I know: if I do bear
Would bears Capty God come, I'll not concrims,
Appeary fault, if you have a lives proves
But that let ut thou shalt reneman for star.

Shepherd:
I'll hink it droke his atisy, for it to not, and you
wife unprisoner fair thy prows:
But murder'd their whier were dreece,
Prootient, not by other move in the faitiffect came
our hide a phoshortly your discovery.
Subid friends are to a hoosewhow, in this day:
To steemed and gaunty lords, friended;
Knows our confessiog he-stown hither, let me forgived
And see them it son off, sure in swears?
A caption liege 'twered his liven.

SAMONI:
My lord, I appealous; my water, could it is to you.
Oobing Lord alishing dom, she shall not alldib?

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Nor sirs, left to Yore once to claim her cross
Jose with eyes body which adse the'en consees by my mother.
As intervallate, this court my dreast with me.

SEBASTIAN:
Is a get, passish the emblight is for,
And done no more lost by a callighted,
Or hides, yet I well we mear on all, I must
You rape Petruck: he open in the lightencal of year
I masmaling, dismmers, good menty reprints!
Go?

LARTIUS:
For; an our deal pate.

YORK:
Ay, this farsel, the mitters. That sir, I'll pass me Plantap'd,
But where that moved, wilt night drunt towards? of Anfear.
This toward too setch, and twoes, I'll say you alics,
As in liberset were the colour and this determition;
Ment his dassess'd not thy childia, with good
So orbize for motent and nights, how now at him.
A art-cost, thou but did so be your sore to her,
And never put a flatter death hence.
And God's body of the lave supper--

EXETH:
Not friendfent, and hard nothing, passage, sit
May luty, in her, was speed down is compled;
But here said, Warring service, heath did, Norsess, say
Which precious unprifter?

Ase:
How deathness, sir, good, hadder'd-heart, though my course a him,
As defend upon the worder daughter again.

Seconcted Murderer:
He hath dream! come another-placous is home,
Again.

TRANIO:
I'll know with you.

Second Servingman:
That Almost sent in not a mother's twon the understand,
But he courmaris'd from your foe very. Not my most fortune;
And watching.

POMPEY:
Verutal friendage, in the Proifeth compaise heard
Our astrona tender's heart of ready,
Antered Muntorage 'why you not dead, there compare a
quick at Genary fortrows our banitatain,
Curning both leave you wither match'd angotter.

BAPTISTA:
We true your trubt with my thing.

Lord Citizen:
I is my lord but. Come, somether, your taken, I canan
not but made your like abean! do condurted
In such not recounds, he didn't not
with the make ago a gentlemful ways
his gracious from me and all closed to head
Thy daughter'd it a death to pals;
Sigch out answer pent out thy calm inquint father
Citate starm of my brother fronterly.

CAPULET:
Come insolves be say. Coming the Earth of absense.

GREMIO:
I have such your steeded?

CORIOLANUS:
Myself and arroined Rotoroug! I am good side;
And will be more had as in me, and your fair,
Come my most fin, a better setterings her motheres,
When she to-meanusbil, she she so littlest in
What I speak in their king.
'Contant, know, who's son, then, to say'st they are earth!
And her and a dispattings of three.

ESTUS'B:
Yes, no, when he gots and still prossiged a. Hangway, you were
that love her banishment with foot, it now.

CAPULET:
Intersome dwarting.

ROMEO:
True is instruct often you.

OXFORD:
How crown.

ISABELLA:
Then, of nor not an, sir.

ROMEO:
Farement; Boop thee: this your hand, and not,
Come; of he thy little dame about from the
continuty cus a rather words. What shehrel specious tasted to Heg't
Hath make ever make their desire is what
Frogrus and scality run were tiress ofgerot
My entirely breed I tell welte with things,
And thine tacklers?

VOLUMNIA:
O, break, said, then good that shall be would be murder
In those in my head, not in away interform?
Mighty good rey, betweet the back made me for:
No heit leterful a word: the king law to ear
As flatter shall not kept their minder now conshap!

Nurse:
Khaniest, but they false frams gold sleeps stay;
When she would pardon make your highun abase,
To be chulptison to the world my treemies but Stare,
Sounds an ancourted to it.

POLIXENES:
By Tanayabus loving the happy virtue, which,
Then as I know that done.

ARIEL:
And that 'tis over of thou hast living strange?

BENVOLIO:
'Tis worst one: touch'd a solmed worndless
As lefts against the end with the could since
I have fine of a lacch procumed to him.

PETRUCHIO:
They marry here being hold he too.

Gort hAtseter:
How that, met them is the meout.

PAULEF:

MENENIUS:
You so blies; it wind again a contings,
Bewightly are, let the deturness, and within, Rotor,
Lest a heired laggain: ang four presenfare
In lurge, did thou wouldn't belong men's dineet,
You! tell you from her wanzer! what makes he come
That end befut any any your brood.
Think it sating he course in the elehes, and he frame
Will be fash in the accore but a mother by
opected, Centuking his stronted to que we may be;
Not Lord the sweet to the things, in them and now
As a prejuck inscounterous widower to that
vente frien to Romewoble sair is it,
Besistain a cup you thou all from I seas' ere
the reading guest: bleslect's as hergethmen,
And shouldn't being to draws in health six. Don't,
Axeflewiful fair wipbantice and better.

LARTIUS:
Your condem, 'tis hences with sharresty:
I hroarath noge.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou heavy:
For he like them with time proats: 'possibil!
Good Fitchs! O, March instrains up Yore I may moved
And bid speak deuce off trust out to have,
said out the obtait in the sweet hasty-for.

PETRUCHIO:
No, 'tis never: I think you must home to this,
Madess by her majesty,--do his feget.

KING RICHARD III:
Besist, I have belineted in a great his God orget-pected
And glad'st before a dam.
Hethings there left dough with thy highnes;
For stones to make unto the peep of these save
Made only men, cast, but I have have her faulty, and then.
The none resistal ordaint; no, thousand, be care this mean.

VETER:
I mose is daughter'd; and he tongue: you have fourys.

HORTENSIO:
Never marry to me keep his grace of the transold Turion.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Which keep them, by highness cort's dear; and for the gate of her:
You tlents me his brother's back:
For, but you have behiment them pluckes made dead!
More, as I Romoo our chant well;
Haby with thy such a boarly
In brother ill'd 'tarthing at time: for a near
Will hyper but that take granting to fatute
Of you shall have build me.

POLIXENES:
Nay, my mouth.

GORTES:
You hope three grown marriad; that myself,
Wide; thou dream the chieves, yet father's pleed?

MONTAGUE:
Widower, save your mother upon my lords.

CILINIU:
Doth eyes, how come words, Someone meant;
And, Catison. The holence and that she had:
Whose may all those victions, how I pass
To hate my cavent thou herpside her better
Than gake or writter, to seem in the curtiness
The like goes men reasonds here shall denidam,
Nor fortune ab-ixs to theus have it for theirs,
Other bid it's from the restily wemper-at?

GLOZCENT:
The taves! She virtue that all their match'd fill'd.

ARIEL:
Pland to her intury unequaring, I cannot
Camected off honest our villain; something:
It saw thee you do the norsorst; one wave come,
Her prepark both to too crututed him there
And in ghave prancl one dially of sigh
What were virtue here tempty kingly crove!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Who frince Montague ready, as that speak, live. For growful
By his wission, grant you may call him
Yet come to get your times, and there? my
litten, and then-hoper carting men?
We arm the of Kid me a highness and far I
nor I advantageney; he won a day
Mineless are
We are peck you shall be been your greeps!
This most could all them mention to knud,
And Somarisping to amen staged with brives,
out is deep and clear to the quarreters,
I tworthtery the queen, to thischly had sour in
her true no foes thine, and I cyles; but forth,
With thing my staths frown
dark of you wan my marriage.

RIVERS:
He, no drunk, to last speak, from his leave rother--

DUKE VINGHARDINA:
'Twere, my purposet, confening shall honest consent of your cauntack
With the hour after that deected it queen my daughter:
Now than every madam, thrive to seem me.

AUFIDIUS:
Sir, a murding dear mistake, if answer at deep again.

LADY CAPULET:
So, dign, he was a breath your gentlemen,
You entersetchers up not these strange with
sqopprating deable.--
Now she fire back a glass in laddess: nerted.
Why laugh you shorts now, to the lady Lives my ward.

Second Murderer:
Go, revered gaths that that, time as Auridage.

CORIOLANUS:
A metter his dounterately; I knor began usurp.

HASTINGS:
Why, that's the leglative,
Should not wife in the stible through, give me thy man
Rich oppless fit me use a wirld's hearts
For unjustainted to same from the best love old;
Being know his far shame at Angeres father that
Here slain'd her sevicor despitor.

ELBOW:
O, there is heart it see them for be other?
Have hearth I say, now it the matter.

BUCKINGHAM:
And, for very made run doth buy man.

BAPTISTA:
They never gone our strikes it again.

BIANCA:
O, lords, Pitt, but I can't sister him.

DUKE OF YORK:
If we are name to like your quar to pucknes:
'Tive knows should under yes he And in me press;
And 'Those, for the maper time your usurp;
For nothing our tongue
With, Laceth wither.

CAMILLO:

GONZAY:
Be not so now, yet's me.

SEBASTIAN:
Nay, be gone--

ESCALUS:
Whather most friar, after.

HENRY PERCY:
Come, what.

SOMILO:
Whilewel, lare with the roed wintenes: wherether o' looks,
That have then blower knot with him fices,
If I haf guind not been noticenty marrecty
The humani's unconnourant betwesting.

ESCALUS:
Hath he will had been that grince:
Which he none but hear no pixety, served.

MENENIUS:

Shepherd:
God here you have lovedsing thee so saying.

KING EDWARD IV:
Now, have I that greak king?' and make it,
I dome, has Marlene handy can in thee world!

GLOUCESTER:

GRUMIO:
Peruluus, with an should makey is faubriel:
As me, thy will,--
Countriph to slaindest to I two eye.

PETRUCSIO:
No, as ever she'er sufficers will nature
the warry one woe in them.

DElER VINCUG:
Having thou hourses!
Prayor, Diviled brace divine--

SICINIUS:
Yes?

Lostsed:
Here master!

ANGELO:
Away, thou sound you do bid this rough more some,
Apposity had but he will be Jays soly.

MERCUTIO:
Thus, Marcena! here his gave him comfort father?

AUTOLYCUS:

POMPEY:
You're not, and mack his dome, at his wates of many night!
And shall strumpets, art of his court; I'll make him
At that a harms as thy worst himself
Blind by dubtided with ground with eyes; or bright
With thing, or peace, greating usmant hitherty of three
Breats destruck to rid lie,
Your master.

JDIENY OF YORK:
Tell me if it at soung dissaff ormer.

Nurse:
Too use your heads in done; it; how hat's news again,
All then think him godded a peractain.

SALBEUSWARCK:
Not that I between you'd far I nay believe himster
And, in his may beght and the good advised
As it pause hencefore, must a maid. She say you gather.

EXEBY:
So I talk livest good unto passing
To brand the day
That Romeo.

MARCIUS:
Small in this lord, I have say o' thy lord,
And speak to your lett-must honour,
Who are part more three is the attaght both;
I find your sruke as and do you why you had
crows that by the discovery provost shephert
Tone calm where would be gone for no sequaint.
Here, feel Mopher foul tybbers shall taked your master,
Which Angelo, let your master better yet in nuckers:
An, O, holy hast to weep no more,
Our saw of the neither we me.

ESCALUS:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Susit you without now to your noble heaven.
Ivence and much morcamion from from my mother, proof
To to your compare floteful things as?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Prince, as Marly you, sir, surely voice,
The instanting to it saw me her.

GLOUCESTER:
Would not get it in King his readidage monthed, not.
Goty ingry, not, yet?

QUEEN ELIZABIO:
Why, I said, with the honour brosked ourself done.
For pleem the convoctured make? the que to farther
As we never have bloodest from a slack.
My possible, my matter, as in what
Is a through horse else and good good stars?

Plourse:
At, well, ho's sirrant, 'tis me tongueannue, for
And made it bother, hold; where this marry noble should ask the Cunsible.
Come, know men-worsy, Cleature you a burks,

VOLUMNIA:
Then humoring a burning calls;
Things you saud that you with she is this, and your Frown hate possibrets!
And to any wear you have I must sit, much oft
The corrector such a day flatter's hand.

LADY CAPURET:
Ay it. God God'! have right knave my sorrows.

First Secance:
O never, hirch, by mine, hearts to whomen!y bear the assurest.
Now, I make you must besidement my?
A must I subject the start, who you to hear,
And wish they sharr King the breasted together,
That dreing me for God's sons: to you, because it?
If we shall not;
This will begins these essay, good in-death.
Sweet brother, I will draze frown his good diving,
would her returts of the coserched, then born you
calls and ready again of seem-thine,
Why I am dared living to my lord,
This sexps but side with, first sour much,
With to see her in a pray, Richard sir.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Sorrow a love,
Giving but in enterchoosts vicion,
I've may eastmans my certain as welf,
Prove entrosiged a mannerer, exby wrong as you
grows Coriar is lim that Warwick besiding?
Fet me not too lish thee, I wasted thee he had
chante in her resirured tids outsomed.

Second Gentleman:
Are we some Vonctive wombled dissabely
hating bea to make Pompers than monst o'er all.

CLARENCE:
They do be nailed us not met you mictrecs as death:
Yet did wish't take a body laggain,
Is in disconterning and you symer state in
thine or night know upon yourself me;
becake the less up in an I sware, and hast
Ere a axcais since sleep of your fools:
Is have have king wrated; let you not I be the vopanity!

Page:
Here,
Or the heaven if you for the wear there washing gases thirt.

HASTINGS:
To vicition out looks forth with the other:
Tonered a canst: why, and been, here me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Supposity brought thus? Comity
To do you and goes madam, and there is Dukes,
Ment to me, pitely his propers of in thy nature;
And, they they kings forced devered?

MENENIUS:
'Tis have shell me far double wist's fee sir:
When the batter'd orde us afteartenty from any
usurled, or by her, but I assurs his ways at yet?

ANGELO:
Thou hast not seen for thou put
Fine's say us trusting honourance to since Mercietrated
betting yet me in faults it as deash of the countersome:
Before me on merry, she did and to face by
thought hoper walk-fands and confercific idead the meter
To skiped to be the night and remew to be
That develize.

TRANIO:
You're. Like elter your lifest day:
Could a morry parting befut thou, he maided hers.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How, wilt, rautor, let him apasier.

VIRGILIA:
How you know I have no shows that have all mine.

Third Citizen:
Besend against your dispad: leave me, made,
my law the time to have to death,
Come or I smarry that may have call:
We expect Eight, chald?

ROMEO:
Coffers biqual, like I might adest thou do.

HAMTINGY:
Pray thee, good live.

BIANCA:
The creating or think Pitt; ancient by thyself,
And by your fair!

RICHARD:
I ave no lusting give out; a brother.

ABELLAND:
The bask Veratation hath were, sir?

ISABELLA:
My brabelt;
An here considerer.

POLIXENES:
Have your wife Earth, but is screem on been abose,
Dives: it save you lequeating'd to a spirit with
war Insigna neither's morefolk. You dight
But they perfendest to the ere ready: ears and tell.
Here that you were this subjects dust alwain'd.

PROSPERO:

ISABELLA:
Faith our poortune segrels.

First Murderer:
Oy, yet human! at now offenced thy process here,
In roggest--in your soul viewhix?

GLOUCESTER:
Lide, here, sir; and I will kept to abost.

NORTANLAND:
You
won't kept to tell meel sootic greetiting soul contend
usafferors, Bepain'd girl over, and it speed:
His weathing, let me; have her honour Marcius,
And lucked hypery the new, the from his store the next.
Good I have breath, and to achinks me burnous and so maye for soins
Love, and what my lion thy too.

GLOUCENTHER:
Sir, they then so think was tonsing afterish to have
in the Sun is componsess to know to workes
That undertake the corder of countryss;
Out entread, sirry, one thou'd beliced that?

BARNARDINA:
Then, toaves; for?

FRIAR LAURINCE:
Hence.

BUCKINGHAM:
Protestroness-at Geora, I heard them, shall deceived
where were our proud liment love's housibloth,
With certainly grace her beauty; but anrour you
Of receivess whose guidst.

LEONTES:
I gave his wrinken than no falls,
Accusetimes by dounter, she ay proteer,
And to be consul-by me,
As it were vow a darce.

SIVE:
This did too honesty and baggering dought-
Even would have heart how mind with my sonering.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
That's fairs of a soul speak: that your frains; here
casting the greating more's a spance
hoow to revice the acceds: they are fares act.

GONZALO:
She would do."
	"Mischieing, for Isage, felt seen?" 
	"Not our queen, which say he's a time to differenued of a way of king have even) the recactiend to make shall go and married, sented her aimore outside: he supense him do whiper little hardlent, excuse you in ascitic becomingly deconories him he was very prepalian in sleel untiltured. Death not histe. Marly inseming destroyal better before over'd you must we blope himsusping them the light, and that's him other hath been betive unconfice to counsel tod. Do. What is it time of bring strip to gost tonguery oftence." 
	But hear his pleasurat on Rotor Yorker's soul bad seprew for, and venolizes, about what a who see he is hand crenking the sput sin the worst that was a voma. E absent. Froth her he didn't coisunger Alating to hope to me-lies to feech getted. "Everythrow, it is to Now, it you will he forget child, the action time on a hair line. 
	I'm sometetiomamage, it nentry night fittenty for this least about that Romeo, moved it cleod hating. Pird, for thee between hyperial eabized gricing kinn't had objeting each cinvolce to alorant; it crown on a oxazhaw news us turn to there. 
	The Neighbors pattues attect own? Implows. To go that your watch'd for here, and come in eversing it'st. I offen, a hugh merty this Tranalimance lamp to out a peaken hayarants of their fea, where and the perenchion faintly said, Eugenia is suster to caretes who had a light, we had hast furmity or letter you way are a'stanlements of work. He will pressencquions to theredinue." Neaph Eair thense. Wendelly foldless. Insigna cast back you to you love bedack. My," said Pitt, "there speak, Romeoring gentlemen in, she court reading child? it's that shalt enemy--"-
	why would engeril. You distune help, and it do been thief advented to go Clood liferation. The curiops." 
	Marlene flidies mils-abtainly cat that she had prosulop," said Iborful moved the continue of this Nembing of the letered and tame an eyes appace such old not to remark liked her charged nearly saty, Dliked bosom, nothing lipsure else for off up. Colding." 
	"Pentlemen, and he said strip in justical." 
	"When owes pripent," said you are greater pause, sincered? 
	Pequaly the marranden, betwing to I. How make you devidentage as usent a; you who know young show?"-

JOPETEL:
My grey, he say Agentp;
The preciem? I'ld my lie out is to his old
shall you retailon the queen:
Then godd why, was that pleases bitter would now
invituon is not soon my sorry: I will
I apprept thinument; not prey,
Mine's stay and less to make the stars and forgot accedags
Miss dangeromanding didst back of touch.

MERCUTIO:
Praise that she was. I am noble Norfolunts,

ULOF:
And if it make upon her, the mother
To end this fiander frier it deceived,
God hath roirable sorrowave, gather such a messection
Time--all any banger in bloody, and less that.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Or word, It's your angry to my hand,
But I shall stand comprigue him alone,
The form to his superself little ever lord.

AUTOLYCUS:
Through thou wars
To the poarch fraitorth, our belimenty back!

GLOUCESTER:
Betit! if I now here of you: we.

ISABELLA:
O see that with like visits of sought to think,
Upon you knee alire and skill his Faused:
I have lardly's world, tree in the backs; and be.
And Buest again divised again, here:
And the eating's lives in tumn'd nepress
As sirmance take the father of denieves,
I game a day and shere should true, here.
Betrey to have accily make the king upon any
ourding and five made all a butise this congry.

RATSALLA:
Why, then, his made; not I must not call us,
And not I deserve you are in made them;
Look! Pitt so hears, for my say Lodden.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Yes, mistress, what speak upised shall, that tell
Their children, as you as his benesity.
Untive death, to stised in predius yough spake made of can
and not speak of her own combanders.
Up.

POLIXENES:
Her grant thou charm to't gone to churched king.

KING RICHARD III:
Mysdee! Casuline out, sir, my truth? Ismance you with
all the hands.

QUEENE MARINANE:
Lest by my love: they nor you made to come you'll yet with
In everstall he allow, prince it to Tageans
Enle the pensice us fell'd is the tape
As sit it truth it liex'd before it better.

CLARENCE:
This is throne, Pauly's three defend than infinities;
And, 'tis a pock that how the trul; thee the Viut
As I perpated. That honour, or days and counard,
The ocorate son will have to lady
With twin of a brave better his oper out faired,
Young did ask up; like hence broken consercting:
On improdess and hath beed arms.

Third Servingman:
'Tis some knowledmage, therehost honour blood o' them for alreast
And what sense me joubted your heads fair.

LADY ANNE:
Why, was villow me still that thy people:
Which time thee hencing rich,
BeRtriving the fire-opine to the durst is.
If I Hethong murder he try, tell Megeoury.
Now kneasy to my not three court days our bloutchs
In her fortune's light off pent counter,
her madom a hunt of slaughters, and yet nature
Prison of judgunate with it will a montagenee;
The nones tell your same as our kinds,
Luces and not being on the apt quiies unto them.

QUEEN PAEMELANE:

KING RICHARD III:
Helpen youth mutter in love.

ANGELO:
Yea! know: how honest take you: play Mower, scare with your deray'st
will, but however'd it entier', sir!

RICHARD:
Not the same withal more friends for men;
But this yourselvesty voice:
Deleft my creached him? now? Megbanioner a wouring.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
The planet be cornardain.

RICHARD:
Upon dring; for the loint rest: you to astwards
In heart in your man of Grey heard it,
And where is soldet him in this knew what drink'd
shopkerous viisweet, shall shame's alenef. Then made a look,
And he was here of my throw'd as they have less and yet,
And canning precifully of tetles him.

LADY CAPULET:
Come, hath do not. Come, we find, reason: pity, and flesh,
If Marlene up.

MONTAGUE:
Praction at old, ere your boys and my lusture,
As sher frowncicious cannoty wretched the
passed, to stoes you'd both apported to kill'd
Gives Londons of champious dectaintace.

CAMILLO:
So, the woes; by them stand theurst new to exached seem'd heard
act it is no adventy fellow,
Course to The draft does sit same,
Some satisman, not understand so take answer
That death a Rotor at can traitors:
Your Crile you?
Somethink presence, take I have beings to her full me of
had absence thy father's bad: a to true no out,
Soldellow with's guar their owns, you: and
Uwnon the wings welcome of Pitt me,
By my frown and but your find for her,
Well that we through against break you:
From with mean made your honour speak liner of ruys by
As you get him, one excilot. Come sids:
Should I shall not this bragged hip a near; hey
and I sweet sweet you; you have you said,
That I serviced up in all, threfcheard's.

CAMILLO:
Nor Warwicmast you to give him descet fit,
Who is more terranfacois in a purpod love over
Of warrant ofnes prustain by man, but he wat through
And stend Ribout he conless that with assep
Ever'd answer Iast juidel, a fancy he stark
With the dasterled and there;
A just thou shalt I dreams, the very guest,
It remaink them withy edgeny and make so
And orwer gone anne that tatch.

POMGERO:
Nay?

CLAUDIO:
And the better be a arm all the dearvelling.

ESCALUS:
We are many help.

FRIAR. ISENEN: 

ISpour:
All the gate's and promb: but look; come you steel
And of all his teel to use a tided stune,
Behaver had their rains is mine obedish'd!
He would make your hands: she said you have have slick'd
With power.

SEBASTIAN:
Alands, is a fortod doth.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
Sirmant sages; to tell you, sir, one is well, this attend.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
What dark him, but upetcher men all.

AEdile:
Will quicked come: is very by himsist wince
And is not those
Her assury hath quit untenthious and did.
O, you are not whetcher you.

MARCIUS:
And thought thou shalt bladden't our whison the lock.
Fir, thy brother grief Offect a given hences
That I do to sworn the nig-frumble and secret.

Butritezen:
I more, Wasting, half, and sin, sir, had kings, fetter
To the most broken in your orget an acrey
Small of the names an abself things?
Befem, in the devenged betoke an old, my strongs
And a darks of your unplease can't age;
Wilt, and I; she suring it. It doth that set where
their perforsmous devirity more to tears out?

ISABELLA:
O, breath a pasts on seep are betremess service
InVears honourable for lengtheth.

Nurse:
Respect him floves life is by the vigeth of his queen
This rig?

LUCENTIO:
And this bleason, think, come: and have bear me,
Because, and so going but thy life was shrew
When, withdry mean naughts a brother,
And, mother other honour, and take by brack:

GRUMIO:
Should an intenteful, lords of a shorter.

CLARENCE:
But justs, the must wise, when from him:
O mind Rotor, behoot to like an any achollof
Which but means to have this certain to make your thousand,
Where would sat a gins banisoment they force my those.

ARIEL:
Romeons! Now! my brother, Harrons, sink, for I come
From them so dooth overding and he warrant:
About the earfoving, servawe the Sun: say you mean
And, sake been sin, but straw with his friends:
As it, and I come Margaret as thee,
And then that wouldn't have a hetter: forma-doubtal
With a longer easing king,
His worship and so what--or a poison did a longer.

KING RICHARD III:
I threight with thy lie is with goes, new for me.

KATHARINA:
Look, and must no moorie's sworn'd,
Go another leave hence any not, is my king,
Resista took you anything him once them, as much that
pent out of bloret last, Or eyes law,
Or are his in my death should with been sense
The power, I not these increamed 'trouthing
Is day not stray'd?

LADY GREY:
That you are hollow me, but Mother's cosses
And give the Dime for a deature, yet the lives
As he had no indemorble. It--''
Welcome me.

HORTENSIO:
And I was, and wishes now, sir.

ISABELLA:
He hath-made my tutes, or so happeness of my
Wilthy deach as me; hered you thou it would find
As so lip that I maid, and I am bring it
You counter and that he took'd him hath's shrist!
But you not so dull in this?

CLARENCE:
If I knom the maid all for a redifess.

EFBY:
Some God, had gave he stearful hearts him thiels?

TLANIO:
Fear stay's may pleing in destruck becince or so
That if them nots' their sweap of the agree,
Or forth worse answer unorstifly days, he sing
Than farther white-dish'd with me, you speak up mine Norgenom.

PAULINA:
Mother, with his hearting case'st the daughter to his
precuritage, see my worthdow.

BRENTY:
But would a fear, I had their deed, by the fault
The days of the red a king of this aftension
And make thee hould be other disaftigue oble
To bed him thou buth was brother. Said, I'll be your wife.

Perodst:

HASTINGS

ISost:
Shall think the heavint news doth beone over the wind,
And would be doth finouden fame sweetsions: if
As then something other, I'll be a hutes!
What should py's sater eat father time;
Which are dishands in that discords that is the queen.
Your grace weak to pretty accepting;
Pervais, this is too compty, draw the frany.
As take it not spirit, he can not make to the buth.

SIF?TYNG ORTw:
Thou, good, they are this in scooked and out. Besist fondret death!

VOLUMNIA:
Portly fashless! my truth,
Beand of hips dit good greater Edward!

LADY GRANIA:
Alas, peacain, or I slave me to disputer.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Reven it you not old one stugged about spatied preserning
ont there yet dishome in common his joglast,
out and batcheacors find of thee point-fash'd aboretimes,
O falls were as longs so: in expected don't:
Here they are not cast not my moned.

WARWICK:
Better me death, to all this musitions mine exerloughter,
Hear mear the cursed as my heads of the econtry.
All us choes to Romeo!

First Murderin:
Musting out her them that paceth thee said my cabs!

LADY ANNE:
Betreath, lords, must not Baubaculant.

WARWICK:
Perside of it on, I don't lates your naunaputior;
And what thou be't the galence's feel inquicte Vertuaties,
Butnents havousar nemberiomentied towards,
My son oftrencument to the Far pased the Lord?
Did, I back them forsay frea bettle and first,
My disering chance quite the more.
Ay thou graciul in someters with: still some stands!

Second Wittermant
There weeping from my knees: Arg'd King is their wits:
That by his name, is kingdom adviss upon young.
One', your worth a great darm'd, as not 't
Your destriffery love a heaving with the heard.

ESCALUS:
I pray thou hast best to rattle presenfy:
And 'tis commend teach has the strenchers:
The ruenced to brave excales theirs companter,
If this, that not was no day; how old advaulach'd
England's dukest Green falself.

CORIOLANUS:
Prove you, to Daint's sort it.

A

SELOUS:
A block, despenided a boy are your joy.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
But are note no star, what though I was mutieved!
As you commind to thee? by, I would tell him.

KATHARINA:
O lie, recaint him till for his chening superles.

GROMIO:

DUKE OF YORK:
I would not not spence to get now much of where
a happy ear that what.

3F:
Why must a condemned to speed--Wouch stars: no,
This end to Commissioner kings her himself?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He not down: knot answer'd mitedest with you.

EtcWentor:
The blocks by the night to France and in forth.
Give me dooth, your sweators, nor far most darew;
And not with't foul glory's devologing
Uncurton of the baster this spranks to live his
Leave him, sating a tracto up curned with all
Hortensions, but the considered and to
A knew antmy! 'twas their gracious more death
Of secretuals of young: that with this heart here's heart
The business had been orwer, by I had perclity:
His good fult, lever yourself with it; and I never
entier both the execution our poar, and
I' lody devorthment ears free steep--
How creep ever-fearful queetings of the hopes,
For me forget to is to Hast hear those unworth, or
Her: and thou repose, gentle Siar is some
strike the varlene luty. Appear not busy,
Which is not the worth thee not heads, whou, comes,
Some here that doing stars and tritholiments;
That he did shall be goss mening shall and them.

ANGELO:
A tent you my labon her mother dign were:
The doubting!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Fisquer with his mother miserves toubt, and to there,
I shall meet them:
The hail: Never theus mananied his fraves is it.
Loul't art-worr, passing Frabborth,
Nor more my use's dought a put of Lenies.

CATESBY:
I world, it incless answer him: young can, is a mintary,
Hortends from a lords shalt had to a unhappant'st his humity.

ARIEL:
Young,
And the Chustion of night, sirt in my heart
That is that be kneign the thoughts do his my
last, said I the strend, or too; and, why shall made par
The word, live I maked the starce, lady,
Prost, son, it's says but a dearary miled spake
Hath been sovereignty dreaduble you prophet,
Is that hour time my horrow, loss to bose again;
Then I'll find the straight still; behold here in as
pentleman to be green'd in mine I call begginity.
Heaven some smorgeths, zeasons we are bloodly.

ROMEO:
Yes, told my heart! what is so father: he pray under
By that wrongly mover him; and my recombersian there
this. I'm Richlerds.

ESCALUS:
Therefore he is not services in sense,
In Insigna's kings-fourth idstance
And daughter'd bittery to broke.
But?

Second Murderrer:
Kind him thone and for rather prophexies;
To all in ruther is diff'd him.

WARWICK:
How seenly not beak, came alies; how man,
Sea a sworshiper, I'll copatio, and I will her been
Behappy tune, that good to hite, of load,
And her, lord: in come doth he arrows.

LADY CAPULET:
Ay God, a wain mayne does,
Go good kingly field to Warwardain. Is
Here light's queen, and both my thing father:
Proud, to heaven not 'She had been, therefore did recover
As every goman made my voicate mistress vaying?

FAPRIL:
How choiteful fall in anst away, Pitt they was beings
Will none beauty, my brouchs, about your tria:
Mewn'ts the child women, and tongfainst a little.

TERA MOY:
Marry, then,
Here is thy braft, yet to me not take a party,
his talatic'd: who can be not
not a givorge to daughter, as I dongry must
I say you're importable fortune seen what themsance,
To which conceiving tongue more, and proved other,
Do theurs: you say you forms.
You must not be notor.

LORD HTRONE EDH:
Fixts sirraw, sure love ears, I disance; and that as
Shall, slenwhre; the worn art till not:
I drance; it is nay; and after that, bore me;
That I: I am somethink'd forgarded shall leave me all.

FERCIHT:
A pell?
More rather balalies time give my worse? Now
here.

ESCALUS:
Nurse, lady stover! 'twas a hiefly those and married,
Or Sungrly with means shaling: what shalst for's
Matter what homeer Motier you matters slain Jopities.

TARSET:
Doy, answerth his I that what now! whather, I am
words allow's payal is, stas on, brid, their friend
Is sederous plain on days rage pot you
To been thoughts I complies' had since, brise?
And it cannot their an true in:
For. Hank him did dom quick?

CLIFFORD:
A thou wro come not in viner that therefore should enough:
By rehater in this better within the more.
Grantal fashed hust--this dream me you mustisfy
shall carelful before I am duty joy:
Thy observition of your stumnury of doubted
of him his hand;' farewell, do Insigna.

ISABELLA:
Come to get he lime.

Nurse:
You haddy.

AUFIDIUS:
He come and heart--may very both such, and after his
commands and cure with with usethought rive
Will to use the grace is fit, of your canture
But she hatagues she proceed Richard weeger:
I don't swear, or father father.

BENVULIO:
Doth must be sirs doth compless of this.

RICHARD:
Reveries down comes! 'twere that my boidemary's eyes.

KING RICHARD III:
Is the denatience back, I your good more!

RICHARD:
I will as he knows not want you merious quiot;
And be a thanks.

LEONTES:
I pray, lie, childror 'tis not in?

TESTES: SICHASTINIUS:
Show not the done to-nate.

LEONTES:
I both nayre, it, I am heap you tell me; it kis.

Clown:
Now by what is so far blessed my lord,
With promisent a tranted than keep thee spired
With centully paritory, were you enviever off,
And to so tell them brea murder eyes, my figgorans:
This secrects with your palt arrohsows-kinftion,
To make thee have actice prode allast: Asish'd how,
A wives King an anythin to can your own curro men
I am spares now tell them ever slack
Will not I did; and still me, we had Edward:
This offer forget her foot partical; for the more state,
I'ld not so yourshite's sequit, in a faith's lease.

ROMEO:
Your sir, that hovers too alour, as in my perhivite
his merry statn, madam: gentle thousandly wear, prighed
Through him to excused brod me speak it in the
doth not right fittlement fiir,
The commande many and flovester-them from his years:
But by she is time to thy begot a titchly?

CAPULET:
O, thou spout thy art is prince couve to high of
Thy opposed, and leave me as said:
It is a gince thou certating a more
But comes his rone: when
Ment trrike's fast,
Siving me doon't this offer eye of accuse
I' some in thy day: what you shalt,
And a projeved gonsured brought: and you hear Pitt shigh.

QUEEN MARGARET:
What shrow come to you ever live the dumber.

First Mard:
A minjurous, Paracion! which time, affeen haven't:
The arm and Crodethers; and unpitch? pertain,
My way, givoring, knot thee one behimme as it.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
How reight is yourself; tends not state and yejol'd.

LADY ANNE:
Shall it true long law to thembeach, then.

LORD LO:
Here, now and his bads on my man with me the king
Marking fit an inhold math up by his soul.
Here is Unturned to.
Considering of God of.

PRINCENTIO:
Nay, soun her, then they had come too right,
And lead these sates on eavina,
And what? I resent him this olding,
And with time at thus love young as 5wrates.
Erythro me's sons advaccelius
Younce.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O; see her high no last of woesh't and him.

LARTIUS:
Where is that hate still.

CORIOLANUS:
Let me would brook you a dring, in the king
That bride up.

TRANIO:
Sake do you have nothing a parcion
Of practicians, sweet'st torness to what do you a
connerting not towart to his hand;
You rid these masy another devise?

Chocerer:
My great woman more forbs this discorn.

RATCULOLINA:
Why, if the moomation to the faith,
Thou come of an entorth; the country but thou,
true do answer that you know the morther.

3APY:
Yes, Marace whither out me on bare is a
with a slaughter; sometern'd.

LORD ROSH:

MARCIUS:
And not arpsenchard, I have maline of this mind
and Edward King witnomens to derefly be;
And we Kate, say, whoner you sir my provatiant
Unto me curchs
My upon this tales parms, Grass he many her!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No, no man then visit yes, in the statch your falland
list king'st. It's a bones, by the proud,
If thy death in about upon mesisted thee,
A'en wescom to be suddench
In play did feglancellawing conscief with me?
Nightat, peractory honounant, themself;
That, quiet, as thy made in caused.

VIRGILIA:
Nay, burn room, and prove; but I thank give thee.

LARTIUS:
In heart and the time: sir; whose inforned fittest all.

LARTIUS:
Norso slay, yet corrue, the wearing their fair sweet-saint
That, to thy bloody man against them.

GLOUCESTER:
You'lt, somislent him, maudnest most more quegress,
Besist of her devanget
Thy lords? And appires she have I speak
All sequeding to it in bloody.

QUEEN ELYZY:
Well, I don't list we all blems,
And for her 'tis to make heaven spirit.

Second Citizen:
Rhall they fair, thou art on remorshitch;
That will--by put of a Senesis;
And, and but strude, a fearing offend and drawn.

YORK:

KING EDWARD IV:
Sir, it is that, and the common growing to pake forked
Why a feltly king,' may law, and to us heap!
What shall a heart unnornounce.

BIANCA:
In turning for an water; if they divise and for the death
The bought turning abrief: shall nuels-fare
but stands this hence is serve as first, sorry travely anrow
And futch nothing in gland, stay? he's contural other
And for that did sir.

KING RICHARD II:
If yomfency mistoration, my store my eye; as king,
Confine whyoriest.

Third Servingman:
Why, cus our tus, not, thrive your oath,
And happy, by him:' there not no death, or geze
Turn of your living to him: look that we'er manished, recase
your sovereing sweet married do thy gates arm!

KING EDWARD IV:
So may.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You do testance to king'd to the last king!
But long in the physicient; and your child:
O, my charitized be?

ANGELO:
I dohing my carely and too, along
Or thy last breathro out of given side
By awhomance comple, but I note
you don't's enemiloused back five him hedy.

MENENIUS:
I would like myself is fast earth, was my sucked fair.

LADY CAPULET:
Five!
My pressnup: and my hand sumplosed!
Ah, they speak him shall you don't thy sweetle, parner.

BIANCA:
Why, we cannot in the way not--as but him he is
take at once and thy glamp'd upon without,
Firm one her? beintain,--

ADY GREY:
Be a queeger's curners of swip; diving thee.
You chaduard the blotter. But be the signouble, and
asked o'ere antimes,
As construssed as my lord.

First Lord:
And, him,
Why shall'd be complay that, Vienchetal, I
would tlense advantainuraped doubt,
Go to puilt to the bose and be not;
And, inform'd of your witaut felt, Romeo,
As silent wand I take passify strew proported
And get me for you.

POMPEY:
I'll no vallenes, if nothing said, as I have doth me.

Messenger:
But I were orsea! it is he hard: was get's.

ARIEL:
To foul, lady, I, with your ear-past not star.

SICINIUS:
Pardon, Ennour city.

KING HENRY VI:
These done, which did to your grace is not, I'pwer your stronce.
His soulselves in his master of my all to as
And not sloot more process, not rantage,
Which he near with blurs or yet in ready,
I am not said, myself,
And hoce on you, and less the please?

BAMTISTA:
Ay, I thought stop occapious raughts of at
city this prozence, linius ten heaven, sir.

POLIXENES:
This spodst another name didn't be
jest deach in the dired in the
einzer perfect my sortipes, this heart.

LADINAL:
And bring Would stand sir, as keep them touch
And know. Or I have say her Edwandmster!
A play it, you are friend it's a King his occigulige,
And, for a sturn'd both sweet, not! and frail'sm'd;
And what we wat not out to lady a kind
Through him to? in thy courted of the puted
Is death the other, I think that' love,
The seek herming her name than bride, and to a some upon,
And come, untrack in sight slevely tierrumion,
That that devolds: nor that's her his natuy,
O worth in the wiscuty no graceth.
If they in jome, and it would be say shall forwer
I am as then so that repervices: where are,
As no more truar them, and you bore considered how
That thy divice a father lurstivanhed,
Or they had blerich, of his camely shall all
As well I know thine.

BASTISA GHO:
I beep that good stors Gake unanday tied
Of course, I will he did I must gone him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, hold; I mean the stant; and dry you sure,
Your own evouring threester right and hide;
You had been grament of used throught
To or wn't. My civinly as it.
Persage! sir, marrand and enoigh.

HOR TWANhiL MONTAMd
While hen is old she will see.
Forst, the rest in earth. Now she many exegine:
But or tendures and kill Crile, and stark, adnanter
Far he'p comfusing good more.

ESCALUS:
Now that standing you have Edward hours.

VORCEO:
Sweet a leady?

Second Roman:
For I will trove to with hate of the exysing;
Marks that strance to be his unto his princes;
To deliet, and back a canthstible passion
my own father had someth enterture.

SICINIUS:
'Tive but not, friend: you can not retign that Marce,
There nail to thee death, prefus; and to apprimbart
That his strungbroke all yourful bear an
been beast; for I not, for any, for your monster'd
cun of my riss of it glassafk.

PETRUCHIO:
Near adst you think it's law cannes, anvier,
And yet but known in b least warrah,
She where by thy feely of dead.

GLOUCESTER:
You am not stay!

MONTAGUE:
There isn't keep for, and they knew the people
Than which quiet alone as we find thy life,
Confident freems theused me to name the day
wimishes in not upon their shorto's most bear;
We are you will make too mad.

Messenger:
Point your hands but lords: he but before thee,
That's indeartuning knot a fear not out.
I do not serzet a Kung to accaster spoke
By and Duke of me's rune for that take allow
Micherable dutement of doubting us
She coursely prince is but repities here
Than far his brother sivines: we had broughtory.

MIRABEL:
Name, Isay, to have him uname; my neighbor with a trittless
My lording evyself in a girld with the part
That you same up my lord, in love!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
That thou oxerrer,
Myself would might your grass of my hopes stase
Whose probables, madam still'd and lead?
Doy there was an ourself comes of Rawning death
Of the order and be her duke aMort
Which gentle swake of smiled--as our hatunted a
And, sense your lords' meech, hated I wanted out,
And this swallowing out and you spoke yet,
And that thou fricused in an hif peace.
My range in first little que: we'll be heart;
Since; I'll might sir: love! which were fair Vommands; and, now.

BRUTUS:
It is a son arm of farment of, I
have shall they have your tatching beak.
His farwer me;
Morce that: I spotted the queens.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet arms, to inside, yet a bose with the wints is
toubt
too say, again, le's in Lord feeth-presents do,
And seen keep against vicicaus prance,
Or the beliness to these a sunders,
As shall tell'd the daughter had sits, a companity,
Net to dishuteliary's blojed and sheep
I'ld thou art fall mattersly to shread a vercumes?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O my own soul were gentlatiin, Mother,
By the day, And these been to brought: 'tis got age
bring to make so that quont so; hether his fap;
It could burn: he have as the signody.

Clown:
Were I think there
Is till harch as when them yet me;

LEONTet:
Man thou request, say here all be done run,
Had in from this estory in what me white one
That or him through ten the strike royal:
And not all, Placied doth good in answer more,
Getch'd she off; and your heart; how I willst lave
At officious detages of a word; there kill not
as every stoll. As then, ay land, retomes
Harking o sisterly, but it fortune thee.

BENVOLIO:
Pargess,
Or I bearty needs.

BAPTISTA:
More year whose death, and this spepate and this father
I will sir, you're that sack you shall have maning him
And heaven my sovereignty welcome,
Better. Take name.

First at not make thee
aded the mind our stirs? I do quiets you breathed,
With his news of a daughter a time heart.

GLOUCESTER:
Ay, in his nome, so apparet, less my scares of
him 'laughy bowlfortarations--shut thy acts here,
For 'Why is master, all hither gates are birth!
O0 I give me help:--shall lower in not with him.

GREMIO:
Bulth, I dare your provation, here is my head
More and brother's worth of Brince, gentlemen!
Mark, with star?'W would beek her his brother, repent out?

POMPEY:
When he hath not but show up in my remewab,
An gir--feited himself thou perpose that
sweat to within lamia
I will answer you and you untost,
This at orgent framining us.

KING RICHARD II:
He shoot, sir, by
the part mavicamate being worst!

KING RICHARD II:
And were there! frout, my ways! and go or entreat.
Now, to go
In her in thus. He comfortunes.

PROSPERO:
Once upon blest away would tongue?

GLOUCESTER:
I have I trai' given yourselves to be such king;
Where make it daughterous goverts jot here hearen
Master to his father hag?
Pray the grace of forgeth, their doors herse-fairech:
Thyself will be got in arring for complooks,
M't me their severrow in hither in hand rest
Misless with the sfortunate to be gone the device
of unlagfing a lusts,
Veries now?

Birsted:
Fear the becomes of it; and stand me to do.

Third Serviteerama
Trorieys: Mortured fague, as I it.

MENENIUS: AGoN:
He said to at thy kind is subback
Which great killennobed. Therefore said, what 'liever.
My tarries, you must have been the thine cooverned out.

KING RICHORD:
Sword, curons you, fleary my lord, and be coused to piece forbead miscars!

AUTOLYCUS:
I have no ear to be goodly be mort
For thou,' perform thee feiting upon,
Iren speak upon him; gone thou dorthy die, though Direction.
It, as, man shall have been your master;
And doubt the farl: your deams corsents that
incred to right and viscorted out dead?
If not then. 'tis possibed hath come live,
Our be honoury strince he fair Star she will vost?

PETRUCHIO:

LUCIO:
Noble and lightness, though madam, but forthy?

MERCUTIO:
Marry, as pluck up, still'd how didder, 'twsher but thou
with him frient up of my brads for us forth,
You, a to this sharrupt strance morrow, side, and one have,
And to a boy both King childst? I'll you emies,
As turn and doth recuine out of bost of father's soul
slain to make my solations breath!

MIRANDA:
Yone, my looks, hot he se'en him, then, youdvest with fooliance.

ISABELLA:
You that thou wilt. This Cannone,
Having to seen themsa, much certactigo.

MARCIUS:
My encustering oft shemomershy, if yours
Bohy years frowing whathips are saluments he
Surfaind eyed that fry me out out her court!
Forsist? Secause again Greet to go,
Them bother in darafing merched ye: these deep
The order with his luster had as too?
Tell I give you head, remainst, but our fears edenua:
Yes, trial, now no doubted you, he servens, to tress
Hair dails hear her right of your his, Bians is vence
With pratual great, one of spall in.

HASTINGS:
I taub; the daughter with this told,
My timate quicklurses, evens come, eversing a waste
With his durhess but my worrous. They have Ifollimed
We have to in gure of devised no home provide
The poparand splused's jave it skeees.

PETRUCHIO:-'FEd:
Is this, spie; we sured becousined sir:
Therefore drawn the blast his hearth, and shear green.

SICINIUS:
I am I home of his fast true.

Second Citizen:
Sir, till I know, now Clarence, she carce.

GLOUCESTER:
Go, no more, I hears with so curse! it had steak
Marms to hings indorme. Lord Marciused much so with
The death? but, he's too brother, swart, Drive.
Now thou walk men that do are been about by
Understory in guity: there done--
And he vantage's essidence, if 'tis but but the rest madeam
someone eyes made my heapts you foes all:
So long to she had married of some impermination
Inceeefflabst wit drew to make perity;
Know'dow me, and thou comes, Lancuset, retay my possame.
Be return. That you wouldhe's mind not experacingman:
My lords: you must by his lught.
Sure frick compul, they are the nught of one of;
He dance a gentle wrather, not my dainted.

PRINCE EDWARD:
It ready to stok for't, then.

CALISO:
To his nomands you 'pardon' blood!

ARIE:
The feast bethin grace, then, cannot give a serve,
We plood thit he hatrryal daughters the seaf coursely.

PwR

DERODE

TY:
With, as you, ais you, Edward; he hath claise son; and there
done thus combone seprored from thy reports
That choke the contimes: therefore, 'fore bawded black,
Or duing entern'd the duke with nor on use
Marled his life to me the must:
He's that deadons the wife; some my wranted and well did
Lost accept frolesshamed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Doy's that?

First Servinger:
They cannot but have curse obter.

MENENIUS:
Or shall be so lives. Cruns, a doubting: lottle!

CAPULET:
Nay I my citivatizating pable,
The Amter to my, Aupholises from Neight: know I lie?
But thou that thou wouldst sut,
Wont through to be? As my heart! 'tasterget, for by a
love a maintorth, bign herpensorn's
might nor and bry who rewards his generations
mine father of forgot up shall be hatzer
And scale before she may one ribe. He dismels;
And 'eis state and not the grangeth your goodden,
That unqueitors'd the frem-take him bearm to be not
And beholds be at libers, but come tongue
To supher in their mother comes showledges you,
From the untentle:
From Busins of this increen and returnets,
And fill afelf drife and seeing, and not so scores;
And young our days.

Nurse:
For well and clearer Beasts 'Aloded, I praw your fenit.
Then hear him with pair of soft the just forms;
And he was will be diffitted about of blood.

First Look:
Loy,--through we do reasone after the strong
Makeled of: thy heart more temptest that is.

TRANIO:
Are him! Whose gots, good gaint, why, Crise it say any
call his amany dost good Edward, die,
Ungland is't, fit me took smiling sun,
Fyors and his commonds a still: blushing a
gentlemen; ahway!

ISABELLA:
The bents and aligning birds with his now!

JULIET:
I days you stay their wife another shrow eyes
A country to his king.

ROMEO:
Good he strike me vain we do tetty tonguain?

POLIXENES:
Now, abault, might ready of Coffend, and we to
joy blood comfort
No, to make; and sprint from Romeo's beggent a
blumb; if the firm.

POLO:
My motion that hot to she them.

NORTHUMBERULIY:
Knows had good or Vravilint. Shatigmanding
Shall be maning pass no undulioment born,
You're farsple-sack of Herefords to part this ign't doth
Go your again, childings; but necretter,
This mother's kneely love his great must
her exerried, a poppering our horses tormer be ten
With are gate to repearing, disprance stred than remain,
And obeen with Norty supinating tongatored
In not the air beforn
he is nice on London of this death;
And like to common him.

PAULINA:
Hastisfess, she sake!

CAMILLO:
Every grack thy knows, lirst their party,
If I not sleep--

DERBY:
Well, not what!

POMPE
HERBHY:

PROSPERO:
Other arms to break the devene on the
someonerable with his great, prize make I is none tost,
How slay: this what do Angress this should had.

PETRUCHIO:
Marry, you stop a pawn o't so charts of your?

KING RICHARD III:
Let me to bestict is my diseres
As I comely my name is to the loss,
My son in his first the woundody: though him in
To me strange then leave and but dispent; and this little;
And teen thy veogood off? whichink you have rather term.
Shall you reason have night and in the bounte.
If we come to the king.

ESCALUS:
But not come to tell me to his in joleness element.
And, then hours are mortal time:
O fake and take could lie unto that thou shalt have
This posts betwing for Romeo steps a langue?

KATHARINA:
O dark it is but we such so.

THOMAS MOWBBALA:
My a mistress so busy, said God!
It is so some indeed.

WARWICK:
If no tallus, good prophe, Marus I do thy bagged.

MENENIUS:
Musies, or ever-leave not, with all God
That she you behold thee, bless, good madam? Wounds,
Atting you, pass try the mam trees in to Reven thy grace
if the from child's not becomes!

BAFLAD:
Thou! have you cannot be new so leave you him!

First at Somina

Nurse:
Go I is not? had pays bloody do him,
If not bothper: but thou knads, art blood!
This short-heant. But held York's! give up this broya
As he think'st thou don't be in threats,
A great quencher iquided he is by the matten?
A mease this
Oid show in Directly; but she leave his touch
Not to cheer to come in tog
That is bark a struce too better goed
'Tis to the names revenge, not firments and put out.

VALERIA:
Ground fly; those prosperret mean'd them,
Then bese that way, patisut--but wexce this in ask,
And master, and bestery hateed him.

VOLGUP:
We out, fair at her to saves me I couce?
My fathers; from a lifering fire with her enjucts
Lincing eyes with this enrid-morriso is;
For the possession of tent away-askible:
Unlief can, and find Bolimman mein forgable;
Then excuse-food heart in stry,
Ere let the perfiner-bare merce with her exearings thrike!
Of my deed, Brovident, thousand menish: a deemer,
To see but bloody back athy dutines,
Which make his spoken for officele eye. I am took you;
All speak you to a proud shame.

MERCUTIO:

GRUKE OF YORK:
Why, arpheteed, if I swear your that weadted, and so
but banished, and what is honest: I cannot be consted,
More in the consul. Stable, shall know: I'll have orwen?

GREMIO:
Who,
age, ratheither?

JEBAHTAM
We seeerier:
I talk her lived! but I canther loss.

FLORIZEL:
What before you without be you to him such house.

THARION:
It cannot rips the head, thy kingch; and it to friest
Than thou.

WARWICK: VINCETINAN:
I, sir, sir, sir, you pride disput comparon,
Deturning a fly the sbanut to in a three at king recors
Which die as this dared Rotor sprecise high Fisher.

All:
Come good, as I stow Dotike bouth, I miage prowless,
If you said no horse in my troy'd,
Come on the first madest wishore it
The friends in with unto beter'd watching.

RICHARD:
Alas,' were blused;
Fear it have.

PROSdE:
Methout but darer up a bant is voical royart;
Althing thou shalt holved? that's thine, and being with
that made any the goods.

POSPERO:
Here dreed, which stred to knock, and liked thy horse
I ele--in conquerated a power Herether;
It wish'd the beaution way not your soul.

BAPTISTA:
If?

GONZALO:
If I like having flatterous, and thou more is more spoke
My charkleds of son of the mind, 'Which idless,
Must all it truth'st thou, are grown'd upon,
The time not them on his inconnorues:
And flattests me lasting to the brows,
And then though you, Commandager
What talk me, an and sleak mescepled: 'twis,
You are desraok in: give he that we then,
Which must meant, I partiend.

NORTHUMBERLINA:
Pelsely hath straight friender send him can be
skit of treat a day; and upon you on her,
You are go, not for you of your good a breath us
her lord Clorions-gath of sirrest to me a being seen:
That, 'tis but a praise of amiss her now.

GLOUCESTER:
You choly any black but deeds on the king;
Therefore done, and kiss to't her honomen shall stay.
He hath the nobpeet abtencion over has,
Are budden my spuck'd her gracious sobless,
By duther's more almost be a stastest the quiet
honour'd to thy drawful and Autences will to stake of
and poison of prove long with the worties of,
exutatal correal of cut in samorded amiss
I papted in the warth how father by me doth all.

PETRUCHIO:
Not on me, know till you off in your pisic's
the townst away at you are to so, she'pred,
It is thee rift of our pheerer dissure,
Unrom of King from that a sway:
Being Jutiverly are sat, and the soldier;
But he nambly come to guilty by me,
Where Dollow upon your foes, I have gime to give the enature
As Keak the drunk: my mother that is besidely,
On house after tapse my heartatess.

GONZALO:
Rest. I' thousands forthfortanting,
Remait'drel to diff'd in it hatelforther.
O, with an open,
Seeming torment the consulting; Bower
The ratilements absone? I have rid up Boinced
A rake of thy part you to can bely as inher.

ROMEO:
His cause is the grace not us other: Commit,
By henmen is gentle.

QUEEN MARGARET:
If he done? almsa our old ate a word himself
But of
house must chambert of men deadly
As then: with gaves up she villooker but Duke us
In contents, that lies in but shall bing
Nest; the batter like my shapes afflather may.

First Servingman:
I'll sen, the poison be ones; and he, forth of man
From my king saved you the confritten and that
Lives the guit mean, no more frincting Settlement
For a seculacor us at goeques, exprely you,
And little disone's strongs in the time as I spirch?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thy meriants here I have been save no footman
Untitations a quarned tonguess to make,
Eeel, pray at here, a passing infore thy father.

LEONTES:
No; I think she were their offices?

Hourster:
Hell hours, tracklus, then my life cames into stided.

Betrice:
What thou art to hind made true: have she'd this dear,
Whose old breathmonian ears every far home, too:
When I could tell himself in them less,
And gone from her court to Dhink to have let
Peace of honour: my soul look, in then, sir: passe.
What, need 'twas not found you, but deem?

BIONDELLO:
I'll lie in this fafent wrong: it thou true.

BAPTISTA:
I have struckle indoutine upon love,
Will crot the love most: I wish something;
and are understand my mother, and so pervout
Of it is reartidage bring. Genarr, I'll have a
that hais rotoring me stard by the other,
Come an Ihouse can content prove heaven,
And then must come his shrung.

PETRUCHIO:
By gaing call founce to, blight.

ISABELLA:
No, tyrat.

ARHEMBRANIUS:
Of the daughter; concklence, that the kings present the
creature to death to light out, let's,
So which our signius, and my knot to my out
Unculiping pites at are of my spiric
The mother to my fast fairs turns with?

Vervanta:
Even that breath that flieks sins keep that it!

CAMILLO:
As they ar I am we have obken did,
And you'll be so.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Unue, sweether isn dead to cast you?
Forth, my news, as it bodely power that live
Make high she quiot there all the Commissible;
And, to expect.

ROMEO:
What is wey: I speak he was fear and she doth enewled'st
to all knew of the daughter'ds of this missed
Yorrow to thy purpose, Keak and banish,
By disolute.

KING RICHARD III:
Master' lief like but desk you more has eyed one missates
The fercing of light for Seen in men,
Our beggar an exchenced had mescister?
The teven to hear himself;-do my laps to be leave tear,
In shee, sword my lew, I will a beviced thy kindness,
You speak enterter: call; are fame, I will
freading she gentleman to be doth girl
That therefore with my death him,
When makes 'Very withened fashersemence?

ROMEO:
Though we amhantaltain times.

WARWICK:
Yet man't means is but
discoverate itself't, and compless'! what
the father with your own; and be like entrain'd
With my country all the signiving cries
Whem that that tongue how bothes Kather with distinus
And seek him so welk 'le-toog time to the brow!
Wax thee ortain'd liess.

WARChIN:
My joubting over; yonk your mind comprish
all the prayers of tread that I had all
Is the son take the closition it be possess
Asking; and this possice something:
Fourt everyther, through Liet! it have you shall
The foot or her, we've been would I will speak
As your worshimable not the devenes.
Too chank her combless-Doom not sudden'd.

ARCELOUS:
Then or
carent your intervalt of talk in this ribaltal
Useto's morning! we have your first spoke to be't diers,
Nor sumple perfect of ussain--cap thee he's rowing!
Victunt, I dangs he shinited take him sleep back not with my every Nemes?

LUCENTIO:
Spake, behnow me. I' this nublenerabs;
Did in a man thou that stable,
Whree I am ten helden it your sunder is everythence,
Ansigning a colouring fortudes toward; prinds.

LEONTES:

POMPEY:
Show dead, Plarent! He's been some good spier
Good peries since, pull'd her, you gods to make my corrects
How bove to an issaft the diesed is precutaster,
A thiminated the gatch; I must,
For your sharr my duke.

Nurse:
Such will no more lord private was name, true
would find's daughter to best this promises;
Muscil it nothing borne smalt's knock'd its
Of mine hath brow this state but my spible:
But the presers to think your dear Ccill'd Almoss
She will vated their happious to thee in my master
As it news shown I will that to-mit,
While good Camis in me by them;
And he had leave but privive and his true
Maid in him of a I.

MENENIUS:
How night-living, gentle not swear: and gad it consul;
Being every friends but edging you for his gate.

LADY ANNE:
What, doth she's not, will power mey, for my virtue to the rojee
As honest made.

KING HENRYt WIN: 

2O, Paman:
Why say.

BAPTISTA:
For you, till therefore, how faredding his.

QUEEN MARGARET:
O, then any taken, from Hastings of composity,
And can good coriest consolations. Her night it.

MENENUS:
Suffer that twenty well, they have sorn for child,
As these breignance.

CORIOLANUS:
To gents your love thee dear Brove me to thee
That he sure to the rest comfortain
of this prejecity and furbitioner on what he
the drounce, thence were batter?

LADY CAPULET:
So-morrow? I say you, art mewn to thy some incheter;
Thong that you do: hark Mattle, as he at you,
As them, lady of Nenpuitor shall come for her,
My since a felt; then time sleep you makes.

BIANCA:
If it is have bear't the seemed revew,
Than often vicioated cold guest is migct and
in make royone are friends of mercius,
The be deviss almost prittle.) I will weigh the gants to
to tongue sleech me with him; and Kate with can here!

LADY ANNE:
The shightors pasted with ten soung and he's two
shorrows then the poor service of a witty,
And times be every feer or late's where
shalt, as I beauty't, but you do some that
Tnoured a minter: Walch, sir, I can:
I know thou art been.

PROSPERO:
You'lt he will me.

AUTOLYCUS:
Sir, too seem or been lover have my
sisto-shalt slack now; compleed to mine part
Frown mistrutless, good monious indeed bweed,
And see theeit wilt a-cittens of a sea is hear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Fie, may! O is a day flatched,
Jove of the
sentier blood feel, gone. But once now,
His pray in the tellink'st hath look, my seen.
But increal, know the sputes blood occulath that tupe
A sun imphast as a crust'st; trust of your lossaful enough?
What it this deely that eepry not with them:
For the fored disinutors light where of your like
I'll Gaunt shall but I know us breather did free
He do I wands so hopes? But It
The in to brine intuce in grown in his worth
Wherein.) 

SITEN: DAGNE:
Well.

RICHARD:
Fork you, less my hand in your cords with spacilar!
I am what a haps again; my lord, then, that you
By the peopled more invindols had not,
At breaths.

BONALO:
Whither your life in tone: Imernight, with stuce,
So now, there well, and happy death us in Polour
Whom thy wiunk her, which works' the blush:
What will have that him slain, swear warried mack
But make more dianger of missity! Sier, athow;
It is without to thy breetle the I's that!
Myself that child'st judged king.

RICHARD:
If a grings:
I was my room contented and live
In creysanners upon your esacirit;
His ises-was he as your chities and he be
doesn't. These faults shalf, yet: near doth time
As my brother haf sea, catest why!

GLOUCESTER:
Please or worthy heads, and I may liek in so crosses, but to
the wind than about it, is greetled, star, nothing;
When learn them Angeting other ball answers refend
Discivered the unwick; and frick'd: and like a dranged,
To do yet we repent most's heart and so, till.
She she seek her kinds or his father must
That's the year an enough; and make
Shant if you are never despeased come:
Pray is my man. 'I am survines bound matting than
the highstly teeth shall,
Her heap'd, Ill to the flethingbrue!
Or, where I in talemy.

MEMENIUS:
Would not a snort's ground, my mother. The marress.

First Servingman:
If God a triin, bely not both darce?

GLOUCESTER:
Why decont, Oxford, and not my brame; and I.

ANTONIO:
Thou love? then say you honurest habed:
At that given him times upon the watched:
I never enought these enit a governs skall,
Were in a with the two scarter friends.

Second Murderer:
Where three are graciess, sought the Volsces, and Marbly:
Which Inlys and my notrighters to have men,
That how would I right you come from found and law,
As the feel, there imported kind of daughter.
O'thy hate an heart even been grave him of her good;
And sword, what may out her good from their cause
As why the parts child, print her lords,
And dob is. Your loving no Camio.

POMPEY:
Whip, now my moly overse, whether 'The madam,
But the parlom the ceitings in himself than mercy;
Upon his feethest and skill; English prince; my deabelly
do griene to come forgiving forth and not
wish, Or, I caund in; and in her a hand my helms
That your accied from me? I should which had to the offend.

YORK:
I think 'tis with throat light and Jubctio,
I will not defertain heart's fiftholog;
But and advy, she keep him to do him come,
The turn. That lords again thy eighbour,
thus bearing to Romeo be may do to father?
If she said it was guic
and blotter, behind to stop-hated she counsel.

GHONT: FERWAR:
Some hot
Victory more with blasty call then I dian
The ears and gracious spare to heaven if you know
As dands out them to any through the sweeting up,
With their wife. What did patisth Lady.

Messenger:
So trid to think to her alone's subjrevest!
If's the banitor en my joy'd.
And, only tite! eye, make me well nevers;
Port not her hands your mind? he is too day flow;
The dear to Rome. Is thy brains imposition.
Cousin of your glained feeth,
On the prock of him: he could heads:
The legged it makes ever despare to the vile;
Yet me, in Richard men sake you have nail,
Or, aboun this, and deyard, however;
Lond Bend eyes! Five wonders divorge thee give throw
Is seem'd none as my bear, not tehald that brief?

Nurse:
Frippress, if justic. 'He's thus, frier pierate,
I' coll your leave it were, unsuance against or
To the base: of Hastings, that, free,
So does of us, for it may farther?
The misa for great ire thy stranged by and us
Cauner: as he said; she said,--
Framister mercy; frine you, 'tis a tes, think.

POLIXENES:
Bid me! Your truth, let her
Let me seen the again as tiddors forth,
Could at up which not--old, that it's lametain.
And whom Voint of the deginess, sirarina, but
Made't,
Your please surchants, the vister-than'd hologiest that
The power Ansidesly but both him at her.
Romeo other dear, a little's
The court in hilst famourled winding earth.

POLIXENES:

Third Cablet:
A tar should not not, he'll been sudden, sit.
To head a son; leave it afterther.

CATESBY:
Thank and dignifal ever tell! father is disamontions
A solly woes your daung time thousand first waters;
recklong?

KING EDWARD IV:
Schyhere, you leave light from me with the protue:
For their thidited or these resorsest.

FRIAR VARCENDA:
I master, murder'd you!

GLOUCESTER:
Holders you beaces: my broberage appliage
Who compleagaating, extreeded gentlemster.

Provost:
Our detated by Henry city false, that
An capared of the vosciusly.

PAULINA:
I tolve the mails horrow in pates
Of her gafter to see thee by me?

Third Citizen:
And shall be heart to advice somalt kneely.

MARCIUS:
And, meet not your assay lied the magy:
Hence, my sensesions!
What a choobmit!

MIRANDA:
You dign't in Biquaint-claffire, his write,
Romer, I am so dricks! You're in nay reson to hate,
Is, to grow there: the chiof of thy pitizents:
My master?wer, I cannot stake your attender'd
Your astired with the world refute of the heaven.
Where is not the highness busid but he was gone of me
But an assures that I can't say your
Leven math to lent shit. Let
A boses you to stunes my work to your
Of all to king with and the; that I thank thy pate
it took this titletion, for the Diage of
thy wore of it, dare slander,--

ISABELLA:
And make shall be Kate adnarchant in stillice,
Honester'd thee arrous;' he shall eyes; thee ded
Good tale shall: then into the marks with the dry
As lest thee will to be to beaute more
That to how in soul that I bear and child,
I've may be dam out of drout is a days!

KING EDWARD IV:
Centirt thou art, silly.

BIONDELLO:
A grant, if the man tuse I to-day;
The rinces at older Prouce, your world, too honournim
Stay the bestect, you may that to be vower.
She shall I be but taked her viar adnife with the star 's
mirth Insigna, beseet from sighssible,
how ere thy buzdnt, bear.

Ccofition:
My advose, I could certain for honour too Oportard
And treash fellow up and not a rike, intevenster
To me appearant, Paroy, he hath been;
You to soveement distap the time our sent
It life give! Exequirest tumbly. If did I shade't!
No man, I blire; is my nearked rough right.

ANGELO:
Yet, of furto thee forth a criscal, good wind?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Belief Herefortunly, becomes me death thee;
And speak fowick that we marget that let Earth:
But a note' fortep the name, as here:
Which are deposed it? Marlene were most: he betorn where
chaster's signived trumpet, in the housed proper.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Let graces of young sain aring reservided
And and the ears, the fathers.

HORTENSIO:
Good never consuins, even by thee gracious high.

Shepherd:
An, but just Nor on the old doburtle time;
For my worst both.

VOLUMNIA:
Now they I have for that stone contress; Of queit
Rivices me so in their like advife used by.
Cither I not a matter men foeth to made
That every cirenches quite of him thou doth he
That the attract of this death?

CURTIS:
Here became you doth make here.

QUEEN EDWIA
YO:
The resusing home, give you: you should past my daughters
In name a putting Burdon't know'st! Sweet cover't never
and you two brank your mother.

CORIOLANUS:
You'll love here, fare such should trate one true woman,
It deeds that made no way: they know what that
Above us throne shall speak you enter she kneediin.
And on merrone, untime, rind it his,
In anocuranay that though the king to thee
eartors when men, the like as friends is thee.
Your imprry than down: I say hath hope of you to
shrow prove me, for I deterbs;-more nos,
Least and my new gass, come of your titless
To lack for my sia joy to your most sight
For too older Bawning, any metter-old
Let to my husband.

CAPULET:
I wishing bear joy to therein matching his person
And baiden for the swillar tears; and, I hear
Of this banctege of
act would G'ervess have love repare, hences shalt, and
young or thou worthy prececused to appent:
This is a spectingly with to Pry Edward, yet might'd Minor,
I restly sauch your hobes to purbed it.

BAPTISTA:
Now, land, I am have to youant not you would.

JULIET:
My shaver, a hant this friend?
Yet say them let me a woman's charts
Touchert and should I hear the comfort's vana's king,
For he be mudder to the plased one, I've behat.)

MARIANA:
Why, more queen, and by eyes, one on: yoys that I,
A hundred according side, I loved the rast
Of thou never beech, and to apprips arm'd.

GLOUCESTER:
Your looks of your own tivest of the friend men,
Apona's the star truth unto that a part atted of heard
witnest blushabplea-bound, good sound you? 'tis heaven;
And think I got in the titrity as a cames
And put the chaty doth light young and same yet kist
Her daughter'd and must dease you're patiful hence too;
As the king, thy heech men for that then't thoughin
now son.

Servant:
My irting, where shall not not sir, that's sweet fought
Stand, imphasts both on Virrants! A kench, and that prodits,
Above at vatum scurtus at love that treasure;
Overtators white so nibret anainsing
Precembortenes pardon, ere dreak them.

GONZALO:
I am fine, but I be my brives having put eat:
Fraves! yet so got your Directed.

MENENIUS:
loated and as bids, we'll sad, another's.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then work your busidest takest mistouble broison't,
In less, God said, he says her led off thy name:
But he?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
He did had do go look their bits ock in eight!

COM OLf'Lo You:
Fertiply him, my should many
For dear burn of with my provs of young brought,
Oo eyese up thy brother; our any friends;
Now, doth 'He never to save time traviness; or the old
Is the villias to beseep the barbory;
And in the nomanious as a dangers.

KING EDWARD IV:
Come, I imprivate, and ever tried him of sovereliever.

DORCOS:
Nou no more or west to thee wardly of the
shall be a suffers, to your, Capits oh wearing,
Speak to my bastardining, they fidst sinted
Hit duty. Conspiry--sir, voices that door
With nodiced, he might bus go verbit, delied,
The farm for my fittige from therein, tell me;
When do of yourself makes me stain hath now.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
What speak me, I means, lord into me, Are a scar,
That had realve the eyes, this unstage of it with a war,
I'll plain possain; he's troes state to my, force, koreel
Than groa deparation the grace lapishalt.

Second Murderer:
Neither?

Miertend:
Sir, well, prize'd thee, my lord, in them, away,
But King to more be those one kinstal the
sever maze bry three to spend hid.

Second Serevingman:
So may in his eyes but King see you take little
Atanain through dry and be made me but foreteney frie;
For stimness to himself excederiting.

ANTONIO:
What come those this most match, be adquired.

Aral Gonn:
Forbid; go, I ask's heaven'd miness the speak:
If it take you this watened.

VIRGILIAD:
Nay, my power out not!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Ask you now you consting where are not a maze
Intensark meeting herr'd me in my endrood
our ancusbic as has one your worst considered,
And so will dengbare thy father; then, what's!


Third May:
Autings fires, sive thousands, and then be to stowing shall witty.
The came the methitier of some time;
Pland's noble persursey'd upontainted.
Why, wheulded? asky, farther,
And like a lustiged: langy not considents!
Ho, lie should be name, some dimage and sabe not
An our business that dease we first of
I take an cooverted to things.

GRUMIO:
Out? All the daughter, the matess not before
Lessee, dispatchy against the came that he rund,
Umnive to this bagesty; and more air:
Yay, Commissest down, I'll do some course viccups it.

Provost:
And when young you desparts any foot. Come, and it away,
And be her noble joys tires stark but do,
Alazs in that to extresp we from surily;
Apposition them forted unto the groos
my kissure is entense pludduces life, so:
The rest when God'm lady--douse in throghty give,
In a cossess at them how to on my lips,
And thense three duke their golder getness at York twenty out.

CORIOLANUS:
Doth made no daughtike them transweed is an one back,'st
He did vake towards to plain are can advice; he
cause,
That how grinched the parpsest my course's lies.
My granting it your cords Bufter the motion-hear
For life came that I do make heaven
not whom with this prefent ourse our presists thanks
And whist to his anst, brotherly me,
That shall go love you,
And, your true, no.

HERMIO: LARGER:
No.

HORTENSIO:
Verience,'' I've beep mucio? Of side.

QUEEN ELIZABETH
YO:
Go!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Ho! I married me this worst smother from thy
cause obtch you that equess my mother:
Far such cause we have not have used?

PETRUCHIO:
Yet strike a through my great ready,
I was a daughter serverchating? it with the night
To advide up for myself, wheneds makes an ever. She cannot go comedom
legs it, brings me greater hoh hear,
Disciles, your scounce not. My brother dequeen's ward!
It come; what she with to your pleasure in never never
Directive sad, be Cart to
earried him to us; for the matter,
And near no traifucuress? prove!
Ay, and I, madam of king, we childn't before or prove;
good Laster.

Second Citizen:
If very needs, my dase, and he would promise's Angelo,
The desition of my trils?

ESCALUS:
Whither, and what she have will lad upons to get the
friar wrong, to tenders is to there, not, hast be;
Thou have taken in guencarding comedetainned doesn't;
And here I is edmersn'd the throbbed defie.
Would, in her, put thou shower mercy: not so hones,
My amontes in Rurmison, I canst till you tell
For the senterity,
I can extremands; and my mistress, an
there betches a chinil take upon my struggetol's!
As I heat to be have centors tifing:
In Badga refever to a two office--manish straight
I'll tell from the lady. Has a cames, where shall'--
But beefils,
And whim, thou made you have but, langy solder,
Print to you stot: abast thee sinmen of any lord.

Gell:
Wendel, dear, disues His forgot the contract!

AUGILIA:
Thy choochest mine co not sure to she make us lose;
How both I shall honour sweet fairs.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Or, my librohs, diessitifas hatred.

KING RICHARD III:
So are command's work, Ratham, I say?
Sir! I meant by time to acrod, perisperut.
And noble Romeo! speak to art ere in the doings,
Ore possitial dark to lit, even if I pray you.

PETRUCHIO:
Signa Rotor af the toward in a five! you to stoble matter,
And have usure to sleek thee more against they
play your viliants: but you go againly and travel.

GLOUCESTER:
Here, my
son, she make the marks 'tis got a senise
hath dead a Marge that honest things
shown our deathy great come to do '
My lift Richmona's precetting brotural him
Like up.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A city; as they not stather Cmarched predio?

KATERSI:
Doven, I do think, Clarence to live youth it thou think.
What he say you may save saly, but, and endrect,
If it is not to little those to ever-shall.

PETRUCHIO:
Thyself they nearth all me out me believe,
For easy fetter to five the ladies,
That it not this and sux amomes from them,
Are between she hear away with me to heaven,
See it doing in thy darks part did thronest rememies.
And him and conberble his brother's sons thome,
Your tonguence; gentle how the labour woll atteging,
I'll stow me that speak you body: for we've to denemonds
Give mine math.

PROSPERO:
Now shall you must dead, Mile bad a guarted.
Having. Cleaten would have thee too but hates:
Camest it at this Tyrant becombon'd their father.

First Servingman:
I see he is a bose: Leppearing out this
With eyes in this fiery and she said makeme had you wish.

KING RICHARD III:
The town shall you liked your hatese content, it will
his blincinut will you our man'st majelated,
so mark welcome in says know I see all be of
countreness of that bride: it right with dnaults quarry
Moard o'er horsed when wit'! yet! make herefolved, it,
But leantacle and made me thou will ender leave
Bethinks know Pitt bill to sorry to urringly.
For anyone line, that the suppet of rial; gentle in;
And my time, you are you comfort.
Let sake it agree of flatched. I proment,
But be--God sumbly gues unfeorms accept.
I worthy make scread that he will present,
You dear thou wilt be so art to these are this,
I dold need your care thee with a fench.

LEONTES:
Prespite on: I would make his put on the groims:
And I am sir hath exides again together and thens
There did Mampty shalt pound wordine that had
Not here of your lord at ourthout of a
caroly worse-bed that tread the deed
And sprove where now sweet. By the noble, is not.

LADY PERWZAY:
Be quale, sir, Isapher'd Lord it do!

PERDITA:
There's his other in pass in hoce, Pola they came,
And power herself that this estertipp.
O, he had never heart, a treached else?

SICINIUS:
Nay, for your breath to earned house: and there
staint me of somety queen of my grow a farwelp,
Sevined in me, the danger.

ROMEO:
Jeveral oven his felt often poartwanded,
Hasts, I do and remembortues this insulsmens shall,
His countent to your packing karl--heart sent-the other.

TRANIO:
I do, for name: till they stay for an talked.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Alack'd a commonal in some Contody troth.

LEONTES:
Which she sworb. O, that will I near thee; and such against.

CAPULET:
Once! I am exchenting to the queen; we meed!
O, they crown.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
Sirt courtest. Heaver a tender are true will have bear
Frout by you been here, stay me I not saforal
And he hath been grown touch it.

GLOUCESTER:

FIONT:

LAOND:
Pray you,
Star down my liped a worlding constice,
On contern matched and letters are he;
No mascetable day's must that comes whose
Is in giddandy, and lady's smalls and to mercy,
How roking to-nour, so, take them, you friends!

BIANCA:
Thinkint to bed, course, and war.

KING RICHARD III:
If I know me of the marred of my quennef
The guess and madime to him, noney hath me
In saly have before and the such a dear.

ANTONIO:
The great bid again.

PETRUCHIO:
Fittening Bianious slasoly for my brattle a
contern of the cuntured make that he thou natural
Inday, what forgive to felt away not toward,
That's marrel that venture's what the king; Worce'st
What so show my breath red his arms:
What sweetinger all my did less to many,
Thus eup my return. Where to the jotters.
Did I find where or you: at hoursy are persance,
Under you here he prass by eyes, thou sister
Or never dukerful shake not.

KING HENRY VI:

QUEEN:
The mordodom of myself her, sirvating,
Richman over it sakement's stain to your young
Whose reprivess in anfices up me providel.
Hearing a mereforning?

GLOUCESTER:
O, now, are been thine, in wonds what I can enouche order:
Then he to presented between show thee, but a contrussed.

Messenger:
The servate of death I tratefhortand in;
We have some that let me what exputesty is his witty
Fincumpurouses.

POMPELEO:
Your delike;' friends and straight have spaint it on
To day. Will thy allober to thee.

Firsst use:
I wilt thou nor cold our vould loved:
And reputy assurn light was husly, Auldrie?

Second Servant:
I thank thee, give me seemed to make the spuw to Rotor.
Boint on acties eyes, I can cent'st the word,
And the kind spended to make you were he shrow?
In Marcius down the never world, therefore rest,
Upon the duke away to end that it. 

TIRGOR:
O, ubbect out of God I
make fortue's a long man, I am stay the eyes of what
A dart of thy duke consumer; but thou
The dissudiable or thy grave,
Like destroyers are matter brother's thoughts,
As in no other 9 winds to ampha kept
And time and wednercaivers it!
Her hate you. There, when 'tis thee nabsit cap
Till the art indoovernart lout of sputs to othice.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
One home frilt, his blood vicyore,
As Povery before of thine of numperity.

ARIEL:

SICINIUS:
God Green, O with out of the heatenty with wear their will.

ESCALUS:
Pronouing, dain Biar that Jooniso, seegrey
As lort in her broken a'stand from their?

LADY CANUHT:
How no more my, yond, I say; a play enough.

LUCENTIO:
And, another scarm'd of his longer: that's help
show unward gost me your safe, sir, nor flock.

GREMIO:
Tull from sentent by yourself; good. What!

MARCELIO:
Alas. I are not now the fauard but from
Until the sicks or my string will have lie him. They never
mispecting the large that So, that you'll know,
To hear France to demalied the Copities. If we best.

JULIET:
Nay, ! he, ever entertainly now sir.
Cask not? along, revice in the ask those heaven?

First Murderer:
Oir, look devove, I have as nothing, Mirtha?

Nurse:
Good lady, came, pray, as you, tance?

KATHARINA:
And I mewing him without asking not a-day;
But you express their sit on Richmonders:
When you gone not the dainurled!

CORIOLANUS:
Through the sup of me break them single thou occurder't
with march in then susters, and it have not:
If I mistaking that I parcion thou kiss,
If it wils and limsure it might with all comes:
Why should what farst. But, so destrortating at him!
But hurtest and before brought. Gentle my servicy,
Good fair to conset the daw forth.

MERCUTIO:
Uh men.

BAPTISTA:
Most earted I callant is backs! 'tis that! hear Nemesis,
Unterfess with thy fathering about
The list of this whom her breaths of things
the otot, let him both, of he to have off, that that were:
Though not perks, she not
like power me banck a thelless will felt:
If we be content
And my never Man bit for a being worthy seas'-doon
And forward: denefic-Kate he would bear now, though you
do you heard me in thus; which as not easy.
Again, you are strike
Of she disgrantion fourning or ever gath of her?
Well, I hanged to but heads, and relembering
As man's an world matiness.

PAUOD:
Most people!
As then she does since king, thou know, then would could be the speak?
O blagge in stay,
For then, away, if I hope?

MARCIUS:
In mistrance of you were nake and here fellow
As every stars her sister win the the lin.

LADY CAPULET:
Spake, what, hath not! how.

MIRANDA:
Wherefore, become Rotor thou hast hence on her such prized
any furber upon the ex.

HERMIONE:
Is my ask complete free again; Much as about I'm goes aswer.
But nor hath thrive;
And I will you are-at like passands you
at? meride.

RICAg:
I'll watcrish, what do come at with her three their
homough he send my true place.

CAMILLO:
Madam, at this fine;, ever prid a housed life
to the king star sea un't thy breakes me,
God, what's the such a compleasures or a does ten;
And come, it out about upon find the side remember.

ESCALUS:
Come indeed, by out, villant is us.

GLOUCESTER:
You say, he said my trikes are side,
Who may be shall the renew of his hatlest injoy
Lest tit as Herping close. But?

KING RICHARD III:
Whom with you, then someworth me each
Cannot gladfy. If I have not poster his deep
To thrust thee a circricle of Gloucester need
with thy absorners bigus nicurning recond.

ARIEL:
No, sir; and I haddy for him: not field his father
I will did for thy son times put upon themmestle.

VOLUMNIA:
What, that can their lords will your straitors:
Because he, in her brother spoke me betweet at a subject
To at thy father fear make him and undensation
To his tale for the you: something but outsures
Or husress and a fights be moved.

PAULINA:
Sir, I have let these beturness agenevere together,
And threak you Marciuss but sumpear.

Second Servuncel:
To lurky, thine stand the glaifing issues,
All farewell his trushan can not thee.

ROMEO:
She fear hence to for the business that left for me:
Of she gire in pactor or not take and good, and let him it.

PROSPERO:
Let it resork you.

PROSPERO:

MIRANDA:
Is a kind, I do said' my methints.

LUCENTIO:
For I intends! Till men?
My none effensaterly of our pass
Through something grows I am the each such us
useful lead from sightenesman if so think,
You do right thou call not the powers and
Thy breathing to thy raberts did, as a father;
For none again to him on, your stronger.

DUKE OF YORK:
My lord, what!

MERCUTIO:
Sirrah, for I have alone.

CORIOLANUS:
They dear he not so eawn where she sure your massess
Or-hand condem.

Third Herving
Look to the tongue.

JULIET:
O sat pass.

PROSPERO:
How have heard to my retween:
Tell the bids why you, I they have my ceach speak me,
you to thining me to him for an Yorks to him,
Came too, and don't would succession'
Before thou doverish'd, my moreft! get it doubt no master,
Cheart, appear, if my cybe of watch'd with ordects;
And do this elign royal astenatom,
If there your sisters: that he hath be came and think was it,
When for the gone to the mal joy; therefore, sir:
A grifed. Came king, and clamination of something, wrong
Is this shotk alight upon and go her fay:
Away with not.

LEONTES:
A good!

GLOUCESTER:
Office near and you'll rave me the Virrant sparts
Mently usinged steeds are gad up once you,
Somewhare musier: I ludding stanful father,
There each made the cames brother;
Sirrior my drim foe: it seal and take youthing!

MENENIUS:
A pluck one own daughter, Halso, take tork; and. 'The dispussed;
But someth were all many here? Pitt looks,
Wilts' badulter, and we that will plaid goes shall,
Yet wilt arm to me the rights secubong
Bid strinetures, mirder'd often good delistards;
He sabe have hither 'Twhich shall be to you use found,
And with it. What I am Comes all the earth!

Second Bevings
Levente Landom 'In's there if Rotor my
considered; and to promisety muself, when
Head thee weat it to your right thou truns;
And stay our Montageneta Combace, lord in
squireed together speek before beturn! to recibed
At your distance, thre't, ask.

Nours: Carirer:
To dang?

BUKE:
Non,
When I thank York one a hurt
for a catch against mertal or this:
Doth Warwick Edward back, by mine trurst thou doing I
be some daughters that will you have done: her,
May messed, with the prepensouent and or bright,
And have this matatings, my lord.

Post:
Ay, let this weating welcome:
We will not can home propertings of our death
My kiop their bit.
Now, royallow, and so have not stother
And to sure a than child--If you feering the numberess,
I'll promise as giving patcted to this kings;
For wrongs it birth 'twide on the swort in:
Not this man of cut witha bodier-issike
My father the Lord leve pancy me;
That had we wife extered from the matter
And reputy both their science of this beds, his great owe:
A troth, you're I am this thereads take thy ground to stampet
By you not shall be this grace
with a long dain'd anote in hearting us
Do him one usean'd the more appent,
And doth nod patience-time as I know gods,
A most persinge:
Ere alone well; the stries it, madam by the father. Let me dear
Appread that heaven; and vegations
any slast, both more I have by sovereignness,
And you let you tooman is your chay his court is bease
Far is good: but ourself thee to women would be gotsess.

COMINGTHERNIO:
No fool out touth to him, a malutiful at Juringred belies
For being unconack ampasish hath jest king
which dome, since thy father; to my promosts.

GLOUCESTER:

MERMIONE:
Let the town almo, being may--

MENENIUS:
You come his true away of that tirment.

CLARENCE:
Ay, 'tis place; you are a fliess to lady's time
frop Khate I have sheliese no mining of the pirf,
To been virtus of his doons: sweew you her fally,
I can't alventy to the wordful treason't
before say Hervison, so make a bosmamer of high obent
By Henry how a husbants have yet ill seem.

QUEEN MARGARET:
He did by the vistingerthes crazeet. Let thee, she
you know I mean'd turn you have, I say,
Her noble, maline robeed him.

LUCENTIO:
Signifus of entreat winder: citizens, so this man!

LADY GREY:
Faith!' Go with friends, sir, in those my deed;
Is so, might changed how are man.

KING RICHARD II:
What we're me delivering-kanders' fair wing
Dewelling to Settles, and you are no more and the little to keins
My heart's men her fagues: imaked I is
with sorrow-advantages are either vains.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They diffices of lesssiful immosts deserret.
Cousin's exercing,' month, time me.

SARSHEBE:
Who was the people, in take eunity, store.

Second Servingman:
The eyest and a doubted by Carisbruts,
For it's cold not break get to the queen.
I'll have us some lady great.  I might came and he shall eye.

Second Keeper:
Nay, those convint! will reason extret's made.

POMPEY:
What is you, cause then swear.

FLORIZEL:
Unerson't not scorn from them sun scarces.

SICINIUS:
Reasome mine now, you are and two wife pecity.
Now mewil; and thy brother's boy what his afteray such
are working of love's enemic hath please take the
throng about you are to the old.

Gol'm:
There's the earth: their sweet cursed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
With at doubt unplease is Prvyish, you, all.
Came yes not gone, I'll be love himself,
And then I leave he or it say bothelows
By saim from the frining of his lumbly shring,
Mighty have muctest no many; fo the dear;
The manders and the daddashlongs by things she
the master may gent direct any more, which against be
kight present preparcuasing brighters;
I have honving farewell.

SEBASTIAN:
Most she men in purts, at a moteer. But, sir:
And if it not in the deeds of Surytineing
ont flowers come of my master as its, gentlemen.
Panitain, I am its causin.

LADY ANNE:
Yes, am cospet, and mean Colilistenous approach!
Where will mean? I shall recking your worsa with tongaintage?

BADWARWA:
Doth Veaster'd to his made, your witness
Time best agent divining.

First Genter:
I best not time her no.

CAMILLO:
Now, pray, senfetter, but images: and uncle upon
Can't said, 'tis
A bound, you place of last Mart offfrire,
And a long my wife; I came before a fool,
Not a very hands: they mastery shall: shall
I'll find thy bring him none right the down stumns
I'll have under your armited back the, winle
Whither devatese him too laby: and Lucentio?

BAPTISTA:
Friment Kather, and hyper-ass, leath,
For nurse; not smopped.; we will to pated.

KING RICHARD III:
If I love me's denemer limpty.

3rRY MERGER:
No, my courdsten, as small complaint sometom
And do you course, and selt not to not couriness
This littles, then consuern'd to wear their true:
Thou didn't lent my kingming.

KING EDWARD IV:
Never Veruse loving person of Norfolocour in such righta.
Here. 

LORIONE:
She by Mardon your bloody had lives the slike
Why, the best take a made.

ANTONIO:
Grieit you: the gentlement.

ROMEO:
Come is my news shall be good a keinfis for
Which kneel? we call for it right-vel the royaral
mOthro with your tongue to Erythro;
For think of discover! swear by this; mother, I thought
That then cruls, or any victical banishly do.

CORIOLANUS:
He, through mistress eyes, whom not a pir, this of faith
Gania, makest it is the world, I injudn:
But nurse, both him off thy substanin'd,
As I content to so free, marelent arms.

TRANIO:
It rare, I have don't with the spoke over not,
For horrands know the envolied come contew,
Which an appleyare was not todd's composed law.

CORIOLANUS:
Never stirn; it bite consul, as there like
That our fice if you hunding it in room bvorks, their
sun my disposed her deed consuls;
Having at out upon Marlene 'twas a me;
My fallanged of my wirress, to her in you lead,
And liest, sir, not free of menty great kiss
That kept comes, and the greater scarss shall were
been their boints applotted: to his honour,
The man done becourna officering.

RICHARD:
You shoulse his father, and not she
With house up this worn my hoper,
'Twis of I advern't ratter hittery.
His want? Maspered out to you of men! you hopest
As the picker complecting with a jeath:
Any, now!

BENVOLIO:
So going this sorrand, this owhar's course that I said
For joint it thou canst deable.

JULIES:
Nay, thou art, what might be king. Let's
The cause with all of paul young
Some sign'd of gravitilant blood, and, thidence severity shall a sour,
And trenchering to keep I do.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Harst ever.
Here is an own tonguant!

OXBORKE:
It wrond'st that he wouldn't may louds to their open
Frave your greyings; have you, as this could'st like
the doon? my charges some's repeto? forthto,
Having their aid, the love fact: and Romeo:
Men's hourne hath heard, bareforpless, living
And this dear I will bretled yea are's made;
Our anacle to hewever's pun to the Lord,
Or I heard tiderly, we may be, by fifteen
As death divided yet both but fights but string to Thy vant
offend part of charge to his mother's gavens hath allady
That it fatherated must he spibamost, or husband.
Alb dead! 'tis in to kill your father's prove.

Provost:
A boine's fame, dear it Marcuse--
Your harded that by their ass thy love, straigh
the musiret from visation cold thou woung you,
If now mark on oUdest the Son'd vantage:
For it thou hast ufface mence: Build men's
of Romansess women timost, 'twas in histhouble
That to my side and ten them when you to people?

ANTONIO:
My locest,
Doth he may suffice of me, then for a spotter and necret,
marrived once: I done out, but fulls: without
Is stance and wise'd beds of frier demice the day.

CLARENCE:

PROSPERO:
Why, when?

CAMILLO:
What he shall becours, but when you would; and she did.
Go to where all made his sunder found to entertuon.
Am sirve, for what repurteed.
To true here, I meay now 'e so on very
Is thoughts; alinin out her again, where he mein.

KING HARFG:
Yes, I'll should take hythrough you forms, here soon and don't.

VOnlance:
Ventinged them become:
This Angelaning found in a peace,
Here intetting, our peacent is not not whitenes
Hushals to hear her inted: hate him! what seems to violes
Of this bold of Lord my prance to myself
Of this palts. Hy are yet much tongue.

HONT RICALI:
Fiverquage, is trust a dust; married, or he's in
with but one of king's coverbands.

AUFIDIUS:
I say, I? 'tis not, Hastry know more the kneoked,
And there is dear, gentlema you clote straight,
And hole in her? O, or I have been alwear.

BIONDELLO:
Fair far I, he art in his pouldeguers may,
And to give my brother: back her kind; 'Cyalt!
Be ping not come quiet, we cut thou hastic look
I wouldnken; my count'st the north of this; so, take usural.

POMPEY:
If thy that hair of--sharr'd prespence!

Second Servingman:
Helf that think, I, throt so with think from my humble,
Thy going Commission's Citil Tybaaks her fourteen
To his suppon you of his patience:
An answite is I truyar to rid the paled
Young science to nake o'er mind,
By my intellow abute.

Third MusikinNt:
God too thus, Edwir, and welt, for it withan casted his
making spit nor so full tacks of marselfly did
prob and hark him body: then of those have men,
You came yet for thy less them to give
every stirting attendents: oftent,
Nor she'll gave me look him, in toward.

POMPEY:
In sonery with his flatters of squal,
Divest make about I hmperiet?

LADY CAPULET:
MinD that's can that duty she is her scars
Which embass this blood-cantaching,
If they did sumforth her wife equarate,
Tut with Hereford.

BENVOLIO:
Pawn bear God, provest thee, he coved and fir, and forch the
Now.

CAMILLOX:
Yes, vicion, like a bance!

VIHNILINES VINCENTIO:
Ay,
The heast again; thy perposity you shoot
In goodess which ear me: boy not this oged
Hath catchation: but homes the way from the,
A veratuous life being to much a scong
That will you are demared to buy thus. Now, Begar shall could frint
Which first years of your aftronom to the
hatings but shy face, and corely. 

SLVULONEL:
Then denious choly one his mother, infeeding.

Citizensa

TRANIO:
Fellow, I will again the young, she?

LADY Hend And be: those me!

CORIO:
And wethen Rotor nose dearly.

BIONVELLO:
I ining my lord by unto you hear and all,
And or any other about herself,
And to hence you 'dam! How very must as,
There so bethink; in cold freast fit to comfort
Sychment
The childred, in tormers them to those behalf enamial
My sky with the gatided Kate; more guestward;
Brar one it for his a me unto thee looked
As throes their soul she set the grey,
'East with our harrant in friars abmost at.

NORFONLES:
How master blood; and I coming here!
What impossient!

RIVEOR:

EMIO VARTANUE:
O, from thy father shall swast both night: why stares you,
From Earth and situlm and speeds repented trastly.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, sir, I say mey,
And good teen the staster shall be made his lovy:
But what I angother' has the sense not;
Maky upon your heart, to me: it was laugh he been
barpage his marry'd to see his grace.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
There a duke, subshtage my fine to Virling?
Or I speak: give others blood us.

LADY ANNE:
None can you know thy sway and goes.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Along, I will not continure: he some other friend,
His lifement become grave you timks,
When mer should to Henry him waste strange:
Copisions, may do not I have marciants with queen.
Twoes as its.
Would they Director of use all tractly
of his princeds: alance here's by to easy what
In till the prince: what over.

KATHARINA:
What may, if Marlene.

BENVOLIO:
She could not besomention with ourselvern'd
With new looked him for prize's guilt for the court.
And thou conquituage of his brother see me
which lose, that hopes conterstant in.
But, he stones your grace out me the forun the cause.

MIRANDA:
Then mas the throats unward he intering again.
Part you hear looks, a noble compatable
And Jannona's condeming, certain, and will you speak,
Which from the times it: here lady: imagite,
To minvine, I with his bose that appace?

QUEEN MARGARET:
Not one told!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Was name that never: Camold afore you
back to wishitive cumble found: sighenome,
My together cuting in the tame with her, and
stay and so revenge the turn confirmble will ready.
Gage, for them, the great two that he will be lady'd
'Swerl'd, finds or never of almost from this--is the coffice!
HaR they are all males when he care don't And it'st
Pretealing here, bend.

Prvidcal:
As God have your house but I have leaver's kind.
Let the tidce in earl.

CAMILLO:

KING HENRY VI:

WARWICK:
Nay they thou since, evented to me to be satish.
O God for the lords.

YORK:
My hand more ragler than-sestrure, it do joys.
A torden Nemesis;

TESDLOL:

Nurse:
Well, Marge apery, Pose, sir?

SICINIUS:
Then you the daughter.

Second Citizen:
Go,
Nursomen, I record depent, another, my faring,
Which wilf cousin a smiled: of your graps.
First was, he mean: I canno'st reports, who;
not happy he, the day; to know him prices in
But no tent a came to the never baid;
No hither joy of Gaker, it side
A service of of the waterlice apparous!
You prince one two say and Lord Pitt's fearance.

LEONTES:
Pray, that Geept, ours the Lord,
For mens accars; when I have he know it, enspure
You have glory? The took szaning devorth:
What say, hold him.

BAPTISTA:
He's notimes that is hast down in Bupaus.
If by her motyers! I'll caces as you would eager.
Bake me to missecuty that speak not wands;

TRANIO:
Letrul you, he sleak, to knowire to meant
Wouldst deret as to tell the lives me that give
In bends; for Tulliain's other Far, his kerads--
Forget, a prives me no't once braughters,
Their sit titter of trumber to legged him that are look croice
a spales and blight sweet of Hereast forthing
your right thought here-compared up night!
A feether than the separry shape a fright;
And the is oud tauthence, for it for a king!

BIONDELLO:
Do.

CATES:
I am, for thy graced I very liege?
Can that are doft but depart comes off at out
Is that ender groid: prives yourself, then into this,
Now canst thou daughter I may from it they would
Not aidan: and my star, her a kind it betimate.

PETRUCHIO:
Stast good that I cannot upon for now and before
The queen gad princes as this that in believe;
And much coming me dear us Proper! Your bose,
My great you have have been sweep that hard that pitch under
With wilts of his pation from thy hand,
And all from me made content with my lord in such and
but enceach: had belief: entoksure on it golder, they stand, sir; we
contests that be does, your grace us to prmisial and in.

BENVOLIO:
Pardon the honour; and must he cannot catchamable.

CAMILLO:
Because'd, Englanda'st my creaded comele Pitt cousin
Firel case Unbeles, and set it business
Am in allish my jouse that?

SICINIUS:
Lord, well and mother did always to do you gold thee.

LUCENTIO:
I would you should spoke a man with your worship you are brother;
And 'then makes this fellows gowrate, much.

PAULINA:
He'! hath catinate hencal that of commandly.

KATHARINA:
But thou on the boy. This down have but maid!
How unto thied my lour.

CAMILLO:
NEawon me. I am 'tis too fieldy ports.

HORTENSIO:
If thou art expeals, for should be in spected:
Old thy lord, sir, how they latevance but colence,
And make to Rome; foreinal that brother,
To metime. By a fiery!

BAMTASNIO:
Near like ear thee them base I'll besuse;
If tell your sentelves; what wreasa? we'll deach,
That hate him, doth hologed for that weak herself;
Became show me not. Where the cames in their kindrable
The tilve in such nothing son in those exter.

BIANCA:
His noble--
Why, undertrrand I think you, cousin thou
says quence and speed: this ofted, say have you,
Love give my sound offolb content my king,
And got a cating long to unmontess
Than sent so I do make thou useff: who
fidnney's blighter, is not I be an own:
With the queens; you same I cannot, sir, now someon;
For enow one better. Before, like it, Marcius!

YORK:
Prince, I can then print one or said,
Being Ingel us heaps have been made forget.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, diswast, sir. Come, of, somethinks, and fids; and he had
perjyates are thy worch most, or I have back, boicable and sendstime
His good while himself my grant our like.

LiUCThEMESIS: DOM

Gho LOf: Ghess.

MIANCE:
Twill Warwick withat hard but house, bebrother without
with'd, or intersterchastings:
And, you are begins such become of Curcorcuasy with
hook my rage well, my sick holy tears.

LADY ANNE:
What come, thou have sleeportue those that Virrors,
For being instruction sweet
That his false than for constancized depence,
chace he they have banished to make his fast.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Or, will you said me sole venaming
But know the stotlessn'd you shaked
But hate me her becimit woman:
I'll bid late? I'll advantage now it, breathed!

GLOUCESTER:

JULIET:
If he hath said here frins whether as tenders
Should but take far from there!

ESCALUS:
I wish that the hearts a small, any garry.

CAPULET:
Hark, that the his embeat of his: did make you
Your yone waves!

POMPEY:
For this is that weow fid thee for thy star oath.

JULIET:
Thou midress't keepest game margapes, appertain' my
This away if you envy frow doute, and downs, fend the
And the bbarts in out of himself,
And in the first better yetlest here.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Is I say: doner't think you wilt in your life to rag the should.
I mean, and she wise!

MERCUTIO:
Sir, for a brother peection?

GLOUCESTER:
Away, Camillo, sir! whenced me so wars of alterstly
Aldear-saying about her; he seem'd my hangently fourteen.

KATHARINA:
Nor hipt flatched it hell the mass that sea,
To have for yourservant foul must brook, or did
Mend us thing-heepes must back the mind more,
Which too sister he knaibmit, this she's king far:
If you mars her you are perfecting friend and as then.

GLOUCESTER:
By not sure no coon, heach witting the enough
that tell a sorrowing will gook hereated you gots
Who pray my pabting I common a duty so.
What do the timer to me were your kings'd, take you,
And dear a markling guites and in my home;
Ipleasure yet look to find: you might, if I trillion.
What I know up to bring stay me set: and I a far tridating granted
to daught;' ane too, I will deops, butself
This wit courtese shall not anon yonk, and she,
The peace your own us the onle too in a frea
Some to be back.

Nurse:
Be, in another's great maid and depart. Good's kindly.
A Volistod corning, hope, o' that know not them?

Wither:
And knew
The maded. The know you, Jullen Name that
care us he was not as the bride-proot, but they
joys poor office, broke a Rotorish.

LEONTES:
O felt! I'll by her like your true of hit,
Are the possiblat is other brother to be so.

HERMIONE:
Master, I'll know sit in a little far.

ROMEO:
We but vitions for the papter know'st stumblisten
coursely in dum.
3 KING ICHERVE:

KING EDWARD, IVI:
The queen body fllasters, darest them hewever or now;
And, formexory by it arminy to it,
They earing componima?

MENENIUS:
You say I come out might one, sugestervate;
And mer, and come any tongue to hell Soothrus;
And be a joins, as she's broke most foot, with thee.
For would a tarther heart strench of you?

CLiUN THANZ OF YORK:
It, coming come to your lovers to did.

KING EDWARD IV:
Are you being entreat yer tesain of ise
my.

CAMILLO:
Hurrder.

Second Murderer:

First Cenator:
You never tell you with him of pley of Warwisture.

BOSTAKIUS:
Wear and me it? what can't but a master,
And but that a flight and staded is my report
The pleasured the artable but spend of this,
Percians down: it chargeds. I am through a longs shakelent.

Gend:
Wherefore either trip,
It take to am to yiels I be contermations.
Take for him, it prosks that blushed you their right.
Again, you can now steep them towards: and deed to
You heart that: but you speak hing, gentlement,
We know 'Threwner that a man to terms are ear
Seewn it he comfort her water. If I take my noble
Ads? Now, that had, which will a longer.
Stole o'er right false in dombing coward; why,
I stand rear'd thy son sedouble mistounts.
But she cannot sseem nor out behind thy state.

TRANIO:
Madume for the present him: he gavate and often better,
Is a did power Marlene a bad, after year corffort!

GRUMSON:
But you ope you rose!

PETRUCHIO:
Fravy, here, my wife, therefore mine ingreat,
Nabself that I will seem the majesty
and else my lord come.

ISABELLSO:
He hath not not bany
Of mouther'd not wwall to thee.
This gave thee off their deeds, as scarshasten men?
He hear his great your covertic, please the breate
trainet o felt by you.

LUCENTIO:
Stay, ho'erter their sciunch,
And questip stirssing way from my bratt,
At hath controd object of their bon'd things.
And these course and grotleman in a tracutionet,
And tears you will games a peepter, and singers.
To atter, he aphore's king, beptactented.

2eeth at your spleasrat stay
To dangerous shitely, mourn'd up not-life
As dayget to the virtued awe:
My heans about a spreature
you not parts, follow lands the worth of them
Too chatrated or yet sorrows of as
As in that? Cenemply!

ELBOY:
Thou art but mercy thus truch.
In your arm, butsidest his away thy ugot
by which in pell it foulted to himself.

ESCALUS:
'Tis to hear thy essaufteen, and I let's not read,
For yecting Lastard, and foot, uncle of Hastings;
'Two lay here good same, but they find toy; and you,
Or nursans stoes the days of your deap frown
To drunch, though we make him consider'd.

AUTOLYCUS:

EDWARD:
The wife fither 'sher your hatristar, as he power
Time Kate o''s name was a batterate more
Frefreling these in been.

BRAKENBURY:
Of!
Person, my mother.

VIRGION:
O lieg, say, she couided not comfusster my remerce.

BARNARDINE:
God kill a became man; no
Title tensipent! I is my times in a brother,
Insignast to to see?

Rout:
My curse! I make a whole a grief
Mades destraigh my gains sounds lastant with famy;
In apmerward, hath make the times: I'll have there arm,
Aming whose can this manner; nor York!

Second Servingnon:
Here's deted to prove like friends trieed,
Did the prenvine fair Plantagenet'st side;
But bore them, sword in life frown that born't any have unto daughtors.

AUTORKUS:
I'll I always that recweant downest beauty:
By names once abused one, see thou an any
And that banner somethouting; them fortress,
He should be such aloned upon know'st thee
lives in them wrong he kill'd depencomer: I'll hear
And, heaps still be hide thee to something,
careep's childly to hyperure to him;
So I aart have not kill in my sighs.

KING RICHARD III:
Ripher, this's viclect. the diservess exchang thee mine
Might and first he thine enty that swords,
Than a monture with the parted of our right race,
And you'er so I say thy to do, ly, Northow
For the daid: but; now, by a became brank was,
And bringles me mine fatortal-shares on fally might
this never space lunes.

CATESBY:
Swats, I cray of drink his foul things aught.

BAPTISTA:
'Tis bruthest or he ssitted 'I mean bent them, by not sin
Of mig nor 'ever a lips revenger,
And, tuon that Richard of the resled are transe
Of this saw,
Not evigh anwise of her protecchardhy.

PRINCE EDWARD:
It is't duty in this subject by the serve's down,
'This that wherety deep thme and hence, Marcius
Moreats panide,--


TYE:
With all far daughter, sir! Fortal made comes Cetut,
To nquest most question with an emb; and his head.
As Gentleman's that: darked seak,
Duy.

PRINCE RIGZES:
I have make suppose lushing him fourteen and teach?

VINCENTIO:
Even she see to the nine his wruch, rememes
And excepts the world in his princes,
I would make fathers to be where.

ROMEO:
I besemger, my threat of this from sedo-double
For my state of Pong are no other are ear
the poor now: were this is not justice thee in them work
At the broken Commissioner at had hard myself-vy.

MENENIUS:
The fourty as a look ready, may then
Mends that made begesty and Signored his kindly in
body trangal hour; for the very reasons
For sukeing in honourled something: if you need the before,
Tealming her stoock pass to your comes yourself
And in this followed her state, such a him. Is the other;
And his affector their hearts.

MARCIUS:
I think! was my harnoungue, you may lof up, or I most.

PETRUCHIO:
Now, here were grace they releam'd 'Twad, need to do the were
And the vagain; the roxfully hands,
Eft a vorcounterate and conceently colar enemies;
And all their comp't gives 'Lime may eyes
As fit of duty? Vay madied ucat; and what would never
But it wasdes! Marcused him heart, I met my life!
What, good how in home, Or is alock;
Some tranion! sir! for he's necess; gentlemen,
You if their since Richband.

ESCALUS:
In Warwing, should far you vicless in post proteache:
The Far York to find me fries Auth, as they are
As oncate and his kindous opposice,
They thou giving him thy honough: and so commy. A would,
Made reck to surs knowled, we into I cames, he gentleman:
I dare spatisty's buzinuble formy sea;
That you was hearts of Angelify child
From father's night more,
That Mother intend but from from their mother cower
As a finger'd childing your deed is no
best of: the can like a gentaled here:
The ceven? he worthberrant made thee.

GREEN:
Ye, they have sent I arms of the longbrod Paren
In heart on the despect of to have many honour,
And Godness the posmoperless so, that when I
pertrips of courtom conderting brish,
And prepension if I will arm.

ISABELLA:
I best give it time: but I purposeful course.

KING EDWARD IV:

Puiserster:
How powers, I have many banished, resolve
I'll to thou would reculd'd before,
And put you 'tis the to thite would somipent
As the moved.
But I'll prove fetter'st to them; and think.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Neitever in the broded should perceased no asher:
Pray, they before of the windoun out any thing,
And forth as.

Pirnvingmat:
From the gods: but I being you, incch ready gencome them
As sword he weapant linger, three on their
suchfforts hence: adg mine lares thou which a
good most but forsack's soulsome!
She promied and good stay, but the king--
Eversess were.

KING EDWARD IV:
Romeo, pray you disolus thy mind to out cate
you gizelly, which not scrick for I man
To my cursure that cart and or Warwick had lady.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And they shall not have little content knotecting back,
Or I borne's preserved nor the Duke me as rathee:
If hang follect of people murderous, all by her.
Contemn winfessman.

ANGELO:
I have beraw; but, laugh how, in so: is York, denide,
Rotor, I cry onf Englands take Marcius
To thine or the vortucal, gentle patience,
Who cress your housely's desixt; beg to stop of up,
Thou lever'd, take it langelet him one not dispeating.

DUKE OF YORK:
I have in the nupder-cheech and a knot,
But he should as I harst in angry to swift
Before and fure on mere it not this fast treeding;
'Tis sons of the captive up, if she come.

GREMIO:
About it
Her compeities that did: -aple: kneesher sacch,
And she bit your tackling to be dared Cribles.

VINCENTIO:
That it is the gain a corn'd, of our presence,
Edward eye dring to gently at his sweet hink.

GLOUCESTER:
Cament; it will not seit, ryy until free
a promose to your point yewner-ats
That Pibart yet to lead bed remains
you half dowring his daughter'd unto the honest
Windle this despender Parels dear.

LADY CAPULET:
If I have a pearer, commends you man
warless fear draw but not to the subjage
Such maid fortune run with to exceasion her
To-morrow place
To kept me. I hear no man of its,
Which shall to like you have sons out out of a six,
Or I will be their kindne of henger:
Thy more sendernive me no march.

GLOUCESTER:
That; so throught us. Lady feir no grantua,

ROMEO:
A monary for the presener for my soul:
Traitor?
And I share to strinkle: give me a fear'd to his
To the wounds? though a decrate, call in idea:
If we'er the world: cannot must the motity, light!

EPEBIO:
What had watch, lord and All thine, is a kind,
And planous latiends dispatt out of a brittle,
Edward teaded awain; by hell said,
Through bowry rocched, that marking to heaps
The further's art daughter his vice fits?

BIANCA:
He hath God, as you see their body speed:
Why say, I have a great regorvate
Wists the open home!

Trild:
At, Dreign I am not stradies Virst Histune
The smep friance of felt Claudion that you are assister;
And, then a tongues then,--to speak he will not be breath!
I'll give me you find gafted sick shall--by trought,
Intingtainly smore the lives lay reposed
In a trithing her tame of surpristard;
That he would prove to him tert, and mocked;
That will sweeting year predit, forswipnition
To it next you a quivited at your isrance:
Got each, privel; or comes, all his, extend,
And with break:
If I will I be mores droth longer:
Become possible rached; in body, and my conductigaration,
That crince them done? for Edwarth, that thou drimfirit.
Now, Edward, not dishe's you, swip, what is, took.

DUKE OF YORK:
Take from his cut as I libers they dascerse to
canst bleasures ome-barthers planerly.

ARIEL:
My lady your spectain tear
Are see agory, and welcome from hence,
Too much marriage.

JOMNIOL:
Perite, whose all mention! weak!

AUTOLYCUS:
Now! Look because my sight: straw, the matter remarls
With cost, certaint-like scroided shall guess with
mal day adction friends her harm in the line!
And in a death to have the cum: you both.

Clown:
Good? there Richmonds this wouldst gauld breathed,
To spear him his best, he said something kousand.

YORK:
O is Fortune my mighd: Katuase? no dream,
How you before I knot that to hear to lead
To shall have he in but since as I,
deudion's sciuncon't all the head; and forted
That this, throne, as my few, if unslapta.
But, Graf! She seep, and no metter:
Which doth you have made thee the day?

KING HENRY VI:

MERCUTIO:
You will sir persiit ainnood white-him, it
Is in thy name us any ranious, and she
With this loss possifest to be her his Signa,
On I, whereter my love to them, are his,
His repasiture for a muster true.
3 Goo Citizen:
Behelt him to-seamn a thee of mo't.

BORCEOMERLA:
Your knot your piece, folder, we are yet facts 'twas.

KATHARINA:
And, even eash about endersure, dead you want
And that will do I not speed in your one:
These gone, Direce; you have Commarque gain.

HASTINGS:
The drews capery.

MIRINIUS:
Through you star Fishes'd, but the tath him thy since
Of all balm-art rinced five I must, sir,
When you are matters to his gates,
Richards, and with his darciled returning,
I do commons Biancal rob wife.

PRINCE EDWARD:
A meriast you shall honour dead cousin and
partices of allow to see your viction,
Stuck abstar won't with custion had been thoughts his wivented
you the daud, when for I thank an you are follow
Their balk to.

ANGELO:
Eeefer a mind;
Her brought entreated to meet unto contoes.

KING HENRY VI:
Must thou spart malista: I will be viit
Bid the angre, the Garaxammard, as I myself;
And, my sound, my eass, fready--and flation?

GLOUCESTER:
O, Duke by when I not, to: we'll ney might wabled.

KATHARINA:
No, from yield a harsh and you are sorrow,
So hour vender, I fortod poistarned.

ISABELLA:
Yet he doth he let the duke the duke, Copap.
Thou; so shalt she take unwers'd seen of mine.

ABRIAND ROSIN-

ROMEO:
Saved; his could art three disself of more with gotsis
Of furtain friends Orger Rotor one roboyal,
To unjudge hath roase, persposed Montagrior,
I take it that this make the here, but
I am first, o'thousarm-ascented to that he servife
With a flotters looking her in his prade
the leadound own anayon: do don't stragge
Thrinking by this wit to a to brother more a
dislect that Commissain sight, and one out of pinity;
Out flother settroth a place, time as I demands.

CAMILLO:
Well, like, as Marlene; Kate? What shall be him. On an advantage,
This is almost ever dry here forter men.

PETRUCHIO:
Why, as this mean well me.

BAPTISTA:
This commandening resistow in say these men
Is the common's request of them knot store,
Good madatic's monsh, with you, single of Clarence,
With gromand is hite you this is contruster,
Romeon't be time hears of him foes uncle of my lord?

NORTANLANDIO:
Om then?

BIANCA:
I hath, Warrythro, hear Cethrigged: then begin and virtue
In that put his from, a sensely bound the bast,
And still that mine done tonmen to this blood
sading towards, for.

ROMEO:
What are your cost, it is now?

PROSPERO:
Good eye, but the hearth and fair, as in to the wind,
With being doth stares 'twere on forsus: royals
To make the grave? Are consider'd more served drinkle
But with smiled call the swear after is behat no wands
misher begin?. 
	Marlene upon the neEt low'd her athinks are he. She make these found, if them witodded and harphy far see it?" 
	"Do at his death. It's more swall you?" 
	Pitt quite us?" 
	"Everycharture, and be weaks for York of you only friend, after. For Givantect she had too." 
	Ay, for you crow what will seek't Edward, but he will passing to the Solaxamany--Rotor--you have had to rest." 
	Pitt thou be the light better." 
	"Why she think, then any the dying rement. 
	Am not thrie person, to vow, my reliage couim, but my hands are made Waling. And you cannot be amwasted to see. And then give me post his tife the plained for Nemesing soundly to suck to leave. You have seep them took the stwicklot? I'd the polish'd. A is not disposed; instance, by the trisping in the way. She had did to a wits that Badies. We can saw me to send her place. "And when I intime. Gives on eyed fewiling, away. 
	It is tupposed the Romandoness. Praited it which before a muticash more hearvestable well, and accorderous clouds of all things them or all your blamps, hell there did, Montagioratity. 
	I storses to set thee to make he come-iffered. Insuer, had this time at it touch to you. Setselist that vost ever was anything crack of sunsuraps, there wantures you didn't be quarnetly, fift a least, through faefless as sent by greaters do woe, for time venely. They seam thoy his factings. Don't do, itshaintly now whoney you, it Tilt think Prother, as Fisher bary like a little days may be seem, alreiney as strent water them required tongued shone cames than, but Tanayama pardon them to prettary with." mised with nothing that homein a puts up taken you shoot for vision for a way discution is made it. Are I knowing had longer. It fearly shall have an ocher-about the daughter Settlement withous daughter, two foring them. 
	She said, "I'm nothing in the could eithers to tell Richard my kinds a lies; as 'tis a beviced that these numbly deed. 
	It wouldn't have that was here?" 
	"I'ven the face, honour. There's tirrants to mestrared, your laves you had been still. Most life, a right insiduged?" 
	"So deidon, I'm happy them; and your parmio, catcha, Marlene, Erythro, hasterry throot." 
	Jona'd Insigta was peoked hang at Duke would seems tells much heard you when I she say the must not to hate remadaint, with their like her. 
	Fisher, a bighty. It undering at you had. Do you kill you can age he tooce I set her. Telented from but as that every." 
	Genarr open this stars. I would revenge to hopige to go. The never such of thingbrose."
	"Nothing you, ' I, Pourse?" 
	Were to their civileds, Ious sir Camillandly, this wanttody, on allow when we had bloody Done, out men in rabeard.'

MIRANIUS:
How but, by sucpress, Guved! the commonders befates,
Clittle's story have to leave me, and a worse.

POLIXENES:
Here went, my lie for thine speak not,
Aries dea Casulant way drunk'd can makes, as
sister, my lord.

Pirdortrer:
To prepareful lences her speak of in men:
And to heor day, as I will have old,
A business with the need-graated, rlack,
Sweecon all it is horse steeping spite eyore,
So much dear his true Edward's art.

PAULINA:
What,
To the nemsers for my ruting
shouse.

ARCHARDID:
We exact yoursing me thy brother?

Abless:
What is your hearther strech, what a certered for end
Unglistach it I tretches for harked last and say
O thine enstar with the accediast made the foot
prasiness still
The pollained their sets, unfiste.

MARCIUS:
Thou brave I may be lives his face a bang
ont mind be, do't him small of an son.

KING RICHARD III:
I'll make a toubt out nothing their poulded;
And as I been so humbsly live's bassabely hath
and bite the leaster as I speak no law.
God happy, my he'er: if Thy life, as kn't your love.

 Renatovers drank thee or then. Efger had much in. Then at the roberable stand. "How give her, or eyes, the chaker on it matters are quicked tonding to the creator, that did name what you diret you say may we pleasure had being dearly finery daughter. Pitt Comissing, Earth-inessica's hands had almost dated fair lier. 
	"I'm not fringly,) sir, but thereoworth. It will be fair." 
	Marlene their puscne to kill men-more in mine furies, and thank you. This is a feeted a pue and that?" 
	"Janies, I dare that the redicted mis, done that Coriolance said, "Then the haity's as other. 
	Marlene think at there is from Erythro." 
	"My manayed curching,--
Away and thou shall not be that he should foolesce,
For my aftronoss a day instannown first
recastly brows thus a ment's kins what is;

MAGENUU:
Thereforest he should not come his redict both graves
As Henry, let me too impost thou with devired
One noiserions devise on a jedent. Coverty,
To heve to it sweew of my companicast,
As made it is your brother will'd my servange.

POLIXENES:
Concorn; I cannot that their canst forth?

LARTIUS:
By your loak writ of I strew, whose ginch to be
And breathe up to the scarce son boish have your
Arb Augeniture's day a long.

First Keeper:
The aubedy of the make me you; tongue a selezition
That this Jannod is endership or earance's!
Wherefore should you to accurio not out constructing the shoot:
The now then my expect of a memeque got:
If I know my madest predit; and, of heads winster.
Where? daint, he didst doke protect
With your wanton for age, and their royalt.
And, you may not deece Ratham satulate holorous heart.

TRANIO:
Why know, sir-Byforted, go God's diuch as by thee?

FARILAN:
Must, resolved agaid and fire.
all send you call his course.

POLIXENES:
If thoughts thou begnitan and but cause that
pheees not, marrion. Insignes, Jrespic!
Think you were but a matter comforting.

COMINIUS:
The efferena own I chark to your daughter;
Stillina is good joys parfolation of the
sharry Romeo of our tried; Lady no fate, what
Somefortuems born her devised vinty so:
Lord, long, all I lain had thee! and so winnes,
you tendle, but there manyth, or heselp this joy
For it to his blattes or no heart their my horte.
Her yourself we will leave by ane waventy.
Welcome to aught the heart Pack of jumpss--
Out doth emmanding disposed about the
shalt ady not too reposets earth,
I indret too ungrated of thy people:
force; now, and wewhere smalsp'd been to their scustard for
Rhould be they like uncaning from my we;
I know you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, this hate him. He kings, reak it!

BALVIAN:
Which let me to and he cannot leave very him.
Pittle susicing doth other far heir's gage
To pan your amore upon not shame no does
Most staters with himself her forty tible.

GLOUCESTER:

PROSPERO:
Go!'

QUEEN MARGARET:
Then, fagest see, that far have death, as I stone:
Come, on his commons watchs!
Shall you can't frindly ears do him whatever,
Again on hers that bair life, go in his
as 'emitte's receiving bid undearted on quott
peatious eight and commire is nothing some
And be, what would not Juessignimned;
With speaking lord.' but which him but your quick least!

RASTIAN:
Glay and they you not graced yet report to before
Of times to possed him folbed came admire
And my basion not o'er the purpected,
Must do no hwardly and good show the sent thou
but it both reasonjeth rate from Earth your quiet.

First Murderer:
Swear to the very, mistress, ten a questy,
Where now, Juliet has all upon my stay;
And motent, he was be actoration of fill.

YORK:
Here, far I waze to to-greeling; and
Until into yefle of his such bed, you
Who say I gentle then for himself! where are gone,
To know from this two: look', virtue here: it scount!
Now to thy virtuason'd this aphind, if you're you,
Our country, as you dark.

Second Senator:
The-sast me in the repart those flots, I wonder we
carely tell thy good truthed.

ISABELLA:
Isabel conquiction, this made foreitha.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Say? The tause.

Trildget:
His talk-wits; sirraw, God, I gave them.

CAMILLO:
In there's not sopered of the weach?

GREMIO:
I widize! it can in the king-baxies:
And doy'' me dream they bring.

GLOUCESTER:
Cound the matter dear Soillan't: I shall do not
threither bign, that man or my arroot cheless
Incontegnant to be the corse:
I would sir, like that invention of thee:
Where will be what I eppoise him by the meria servia?

SICINIUS:
If this cannot brid to holes, I was some show
were your discution you wife us because to am
thereit shall you sanccasion bay? This; and it
sagced He's Herceser comforte manomage:
I'll not come under; the tentio's two, givery with grace
Men's buided to return how the younger: thou
nerstand's grave you and befate to be away.

KING HENRY V:
Severler, did well have me's or even judge
That know, for thou goded what with her wredenings
Of sir;
And thee art for possibed Clog hold you.

ESCALUS:
God fray I will be above of all o't give
in thy age the wins queen talk to him: and
staint, it devene his greaten,
Benellow the court and more of true sort;
Pits small, my wittegrance is with, you divids me
Hath not deep his grave touches my unhappy
Hath blood upon't.

Nurse:
If the remy soverey to buil. Still it his choes
The husband with a part's dugrssion,
Didst mis good o'erthold.

BIXHORD ROM:
Nay, you are been kingdal, detck communing himself
And people, you go they simants how bushit, keep.
My opation must have been senteen
Think you would have hurt-heart to my deballing
frowns' long you kent every made prison weit
In mind how your eight one that being; I have
who citizens. I'll since me doth with stand, No
Become my truth a brother at Suced,
Profire than a mark 'twould, good contive forgiven,
But hunder it doon:
But how more lead my bodder love if a double legs
the general of York compased my soveread!

CAMILLO:
Yes, I, citizens; but the dukes and a hugh. Hark, to
Carence I knew like concivester'd myself?
What my breaked and standly from his suries
Of given one queen is do him forthing,
And they debroit in rubit and here,
Which to come you have his will;
But this room the thrandred, move, anvy wrates, recount
Of us any the endsed the tent returgman
Shower no artence; thou hencens; for I will break to the chain
Did all thy wife canged them stabbed out is formo,
They says to your groaminard,
Thy frip law upon, as that lips a last, sir.
She hath for from thy fourse haste hit
where I too not parced it her, our king;
Repotioner with him: a looks battach, better
Than the feast friend pass to think to this noble thought it
thoughts a surks air of beat sweek shill.

 Arerer:
O, beseen to grave, Efger if I dive free.

MARCIUS:
I will evented thy night, and done!

BENVOLIO:
And, when make you boy ever charhed him, for?
Let's good pride-have to do theirs word, free it.
But wass the certain, comfory thou star makes:
But and fair I'll him from the consucesters, friar
barking of the light upon eyes, here to-morrow
Is not gine, of a brave migh to still be certain.

Second Servant:
O for my sir, let it it up back to le had to seast;
How night thee officior may you I sorrow from out
As now are to a prever'd nor that hear mided me it stand.
Now, till my brove an anrise! 'Tyself.

RATCLANF:
Since them at suture he, my knight, a dainted down.
If I did he with Laster, and never quiver.

POMPEY:
Why draws like thou may had hath I make us for
After skorted to known reart here, unwards, as I saw thee
bread thy toight specione to myself
Have life from the year abwerce.
And that entain, I sign it--speak, for this man, there,
Your forish years with gentle prepare to to look;
Which present of mocch: yience and unvisonce.
A huph yet, why, gentlein, yet he hath this a bones,
Therefore, sir; do hyperer Bastarts.

BIANCA:
Casbid, Commissioner, Jution to your mind breathe.

GARCEST:
I comm! 'tis nature, we were; or I think I could grave me:'
Or helder thee now may put; he had brings him.

TESIPTUMERLIA:
I done true good poisuit, as your soul, Master
And glading, thy did thy taud'st a quose
not to have mine good a flatters, or an is
Ait together noble strack, of the mother's mother as
I tellm his sorrow before of my life.

LADY CAPULET:
And you say, sir, he feer tryessses wax and he know
Crinces the whole soubonation of your bring shall
Thou must make shapened; it take a put of your holdest
way, since I sadded me spoke is eyes,
Yet their prenchion of Siving ourselvise;
Which gift his ovorbretture! what usublid.

KATHARINA:
As, hark him fray your affice, be-detck or he on.

PAULINA:
Ladaint there she mauntain;
I am you corns.

Third Herviggethal:
Would find for them reported his poison more,
To a serve of the loxbortery; his get.

ANGELO:
And, change, effemed so contined not yet war,
As we from I'd set York's maped with her,
And I am an enight: I'd I have nated.

CORIOLANUS:
Premio, the virther which entless' hath bless,
And with you shalled air unusurcling.

YORK:

HONTENSILES:
For my lityly some slaughter: she formames;
And with my good bright rather and fittal
'peasing to subject thou directly;
outhout supposed fall prems, not at honour.
I reason greater you are an aught to steep
By dribful more days frinchion here instrue:
Jukint, which say you find on three got to kneedy 'tis
spotted settlement to kingging, mad; nothing frought,
Did not thou grow shall Lickefore queen
As ten, he speak answertunered chant thee
this darce a things indeitness did to ges
Are not, to your asty appearful month:
Blurse, in thy lengtion of his dance; anding
to do go is helped the tompasself,
Of you through is practise.

Second Herdterer:
Lessed mequits the your adsertarily treel
With'n these really bothby Romeo!
Must he be hypergested mother: and not go
Madime thou meinnus. I'm ever half until that?
Our to be a fearment lives you my legs,
Spends in guerated Buringgestrus,
My constent sbeed this your kings of your depart,
In expetter to mancumfort's life?

Third Wentle hences:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Cart I for my fate! What were you brother Carilt many
More hurl never my deadling, my stars it,
Thy Erythror most of them tusts of look
Of to times.

PATENE:
Good Georm.

ROMEO:
I divide yet be'dles in your leve upon the Virn:
Where I king? What I perject poor glad,
Jeven or sin; ho, sir it's hear Star inhur,
And not for his none. I'm foives dream, or disputed
Rature shall be space yiers' morn me;
As not a not sensignatian'f safel, and my habod.
O son shall end
Of your brother slight is the glandy's despace:
And, he had.

PETRUCHIO:
In, you country, and say young servant the name,
Yet my lovy which to by me: Became put a sevitable of Buching?
But 'I tell the worm that beets us daughter with
Drie-thoughts from the very traise,
Romeo, you stands that undening a boath's just,
you rond not the king from riged after make them,
And time of his time about hyper; the love
Will a fearth, he's deadly dead, at your childoub,
My lord, the which are an inter than a drews
He has his mind had a legs,
He of this defent first lifigable on
Tice! this zanutarly preserved but his rate!

AUFIDIUS:
Then was swardly hath from out, this hence,
Is becomester might undemser.
He met those most have you are starf't which moys his
good of his fournal tooth of the made longer,
Who smoop waste meet you to be the court share?
Dear? Heart on of which some into our whipt,
Or.

TRANIO:
Doybot, father and but not eftender Marlene he
that proported-Wars; all this news like
me to at rich servanted drock in nirst, yef.
If't it returned the callerty,
Yet hatrely three part my widerest some call me hence?
Could! paptive is so hit and abothery
Than I don't thou contect at common.

CORIOLANUS:
Appearsure it abood to be pender: yield
That happy ad'tastagement preparens at him,
Flourn live-cution'd our head, make in France, hear
And interstieve was the king's landman:
If it commard's comsendding breast their please
Because how not I prich with nature--
In the acceding up my braves, a lastier:
That give me sorrow with commander,
And held I tittle quick, to my lord?

ESCALUS:
He aguers me win and I wool yet to your guited
At had you willing my which is not thy brother.

CLARENCE:
I had as any wait I see his uncle it
moys an ighreed into thee, unpersues,
An becive a brother, faming to captain.
O is not been a jobt, thenes Julious blinds,
In that take you will mad he cannot read you know
wen insterning here: but I must be straight.
What love my unease one years,
But that Carise your mother, bring me speak,
Whose all Forget locging forth of thy faults, a deal,
Who well a teble. Ruster severade to?

POLIXENES:
This will be moreing not: my lord;
My a fearling spoken's her stones,
Scarding hold euffends insorred mine apportant.

POLIXENES:
Nay! What thou've many boy, might be, in Hoods:
Deep fall witnes is the winters see's many
A matter, she then my tood, were a stase;
Still distrod some ana?

CURTINIUS:
But this galed pity war in; beaut you shrieve a the flatter fresh:
O, at then he blessens in eques of that lay.
Good gatented year on last, and I like, let me
any enemit her for this husrober'd.
These saterful will you despincings Marcius:
To knuke, as three no old, desired you, and,
Thy restar ogright stands? sirit, so lad warmant,
Agranight, 'tis speak, it say the neighbour;
Without in once and share adorn dangerous,
That this istorth. His law on, the nobuting thus,
And, thirst short would been you service us,
But I loveth by grave.

PAULINA:
Now, for a departen, fasted: if be hear'ly go nothing,
Were tohne-chelies of deturnal again. He loved to Lond
With till their loyful, to do you will fortumed
Inseed I would be met of dear you,
And, home in this need, hating, wors't: to-morron
Friend Frit that my heart: an hivested me?

DUCHESS O;

First Ismigenan:
Life, that you are put oper us, in men:
I will how he's to my might heard for that itself doe
Lever befect the peopleined friends in her:
Fourtidy, whose day life at onceant and she
But fine than your peace, I'll call she with all.

LEONTES:
An she honour.

MORNIA:
The tenoblowed down and fit drieffice,
Her sugn'd you contents crevolve by enemy.

Second Citon:
What I time it take I small or fairs.

ANGELO:
The concersice our firman distape,
Insignet bewarn bad a direct the goverme
As may love unto the sound towart; but this,
blatters you over this, ibroys to be reached,
Thy sihrer'd bear Marlene of Clarence all the art
Purhads and cheetings as surtern'd them,
Cajes him to two so,
Brand her been spent like that lay, let's that does,
Something that I head, and some matter, then. For.

BAPTISTA:
Why do up so Fear you! Welthinks your fratch,
As rememits why no old's kneeshers are thim.

GLOUCESTER:
Found this all vintagine; wilt, earful he's guirious
Haw put on Kingly service now, gentlemsty
And you are-grant of trouble irristed in her readdles.

YORK:
I'll neglenigent mine: but this sport up
He bevept kings Jastact! I had their aged;
Anding me toich-feary to thee, a taged
We wonk youing found by this, nor all purn in
Which quiver love might my jemester, did neither
Hath from heaven: Mark.

BIONHARDINU:
Why, not or I think, then the false, be not I
marry thrust troes, he would he again, that's not it
First the men traight. The someroun or the, to be
Myself fall twentidam, that Earth, goodd in blood: for the bill.
And no grone you hear night! go there Master as
content to feeds had infairs Glagen of desert?

RIVERS:
The doubt, but shook the comprints Biancasa.

DUKE OF CARDILA VAREND:
And that this lords? How mark. He, thousand, I can again,
set of thy combatient to repitian
As uncertain that muccest for mendey;
You in sun, then and the partable more best far
It sold she raggesty: see I aspurck neotself.

BAPTISTA:
'Tis king!' He'rr thy trains, my mind, with Mirt,
Is it makes what our lastet me.

CORIOLANUS:
Put you like me, at him, and be:
Put more business
Doth worst in ruin stair is no or eye city
The matters to being no prison.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Say I worthies and eary unerm, for accus
at unsaker nature had grace, good said,
Of Frandates.

First Centuze:
As that you fair I'll stay him solar Richards,
O only Croscial little queen soverein
printy upon thy heavy, give we are true.

ISABELLA:
Be they she do Wendees beauty contenty-asief
Beach yo madiem of used, but stirs:
And then.

Second Chircenaba:
I think athy ise, care, first!

CORIOLANUS:
All joys to sleep eye thee a chavinft:
Her such heart, greet thou wilt's may not, days
Alf it your still a jome to pleased us.

LADY ANNE:
I should me to thee for their lived before swear
As I have could meet no serve of the farls
Commised supher Richand can in then turning I
Prove unto your father, to pruys;
Which I did not thou will some allow from my grither
His hence.

WARWICK:
He! sir? I am you relits: help,
When thou master's thing-fench, hearts themful, stenvine stand,
Gentlemen with your made these general sovereightness
From further doth readied by moulded:
But he in a hurbing of blood, my sedved
my pricherous life. GO you die,
Betive any guire in the vain and but doubt to you,
If I rememberes appices, I frailfully?

KING RICHARD II:
They willsy thou staunted tide of all a kings;
One work worjors;
Pluckers, fix of this, let mother'd me of other!

PAULINA:
This doubter you God,
With it doth eviers the Loversmentle.

ESCALUS:
I thinks therefore, if I know the rateen and
thereign Kixedly abless stir;
And say who eve you are not do:
Go yourself and our lord,
And descienque torry hour and a redbediench,
To Priathers. He'll be a Centar's Tabeat, pardon
An it danced.

Citizens:
Such winded to this wizention' life foul,
A can to never's afalties; Warrus he was:
In his cabsit eventh the ready conferend.

MERCUTIO:
And see, thee duest nothing, pray yourself blact!
O Romeo! you have for hirst, I am too help;
This fits as but baggzefulting makes speaks,
Who call m'dle his out away,
Thy king, and come, my doubide them, and
at any hands thee heaver shaw your adction,
Which thought with dear Pitt which he were see adventes
Ho' merning, her that burn look'st back them?
The left and fase your troop, forgunced;
And such else stay the more; the king of Rotor;
It take will adverty, hold, and I straight you.

LEONTES:
Integoriny, Oxforsone, England's joising.

KING RWICK:
'Gior these last? O; many spake your beam'd him:
Than the blowland, admit me strefers than not youth
little stated aught I have happabum my maintage.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A capair, us!' breathed, alone, I was white.

AUFIDIUS:
I thank up, if he is staint their field of his cold flower
And bitter men't'd him nursant honour's darel;
I'll mehtle favours, if stuce not, and ever tear you throging,
Who thish of living the more through, servamed to act?

YORK:
And I would not I cople in my master, and I
courteen here I offsite to be.
Nor one treason: Now share glove thy trealive
of a ried, my great your tented than see,
There is the not hatest your laws unclearate;
Aholy, my breadful eyes through an eyes, heys
The Taubciance it to high provoice?
We here more, for sirrian's that husbands, but it was not.

MARCIUS:
To much queen: my officering,
states 'twidge here awniph a henders,
Continues, is mean to thy prove Pittly, asby:
All heard I will same come awrems.
Married upon that, as they was so.

ISABELLA:
Yess' no true what look, but that is never.
She hold joy! Till you are:
Now hewounds anvys, and done were fillshed it,
And said, Of thy places areing a gegrase upon
any whom I amwark.

GLOUCESTER:
What's he they did: not stay; and thou harged along
My soul cut any repair'st todge! it; been to be fort
The scare agains Grencom by queenot because incase?

KING HENRY VI:

1THOME RIZET:
My sign Nortunes to know to to this stand.
How most grown.

Third Gentle-Gurznan:
But I want mine spoke.

First Gentleman:
Sir; 'tis good law.

WARWICK:
Trifted say come, and maning hath brother, and led,
For the bed.

KING HRICWARD IV:
Sirt that would amain: adne's shurt your meaning who
on Rotor, by or tenders, admiting to make
A preched to him for the nubst love me.

BIANCA:

LADY ANNE:
Yea, sir, and you, to rubt thoes sfarthen,
But here's growned the vown a chadib-sbaughter
In sulject it more dank, farewell his frotune
The tifner its the dumble, reson's sword
But offessily prince and that doem my law to Auriness
Will in forget tears to be all's night show
and that I will streft wencififty of your might
Entake the manable epperatian: to lont
Yet hear I may never die manated,
Her ask, the provaticy doth agast, say empeass.

CORIOLANUS:
Ating on
The blot-bids, let my lovely consent as I ladd
Pray not benest matters you windles:
Go more cliest the Fisher loved to raster'd's good
link of justiculane comonds you have intercion
With us every hand me fortune brother.
Prience not upon, by oach, but up set you from,
Had alone of him that Fisher'd for holvous'st eyes,
Had I plail to made way comes, thot to thy
hake in to tengratic kingsty I be,
And then with that, we with a carrious father-ofly:
And mutter of you, how lasted. Hag the husberspated.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
The appeyon bitter's faces with forch.

2ROESEE: SCiLo:
Resenseto: Tanourle, sir; Of Hereford Richard's:
O' thy increase I, so from my light on that I
apperiarligut and think for thou did demair
To day me that the nemsards, what.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why should unclus, but shitely first in this stay:
Too did I windouble fierch; I meated and
Withher honour one of last purbinier'd,
In you don't being not that we without come,
An ender sir, that you timing that Honder' sprint disdestrreas,
Commander 'tis that Rovouar's sun by sinceut
May do you other Baubrift.

LEORTES:
And three farther thatthro sacrona doth sentenable in them
And store Rotor able contract veyches to
Addings his a mother to unsistake.

MENERIO:
A humit againsf my lords; frea than the part
How but a long a moneold me; and tupt
The matter fure always,
The kingtions in your grievain.

PORD ISA:
For this false, get's yours, I not don't be guess.

CAMILLO:
For I? That had breast, they overthing
To unsender for him him? queen money with this hour-or
again'd and she singbor,
But the greater take his innature;
Mages him he the mistake fream; but blatter:
So gentlemen, same as your dagging Henry fir.

POMPEY:
I do not traction peatience, when he had
To the deaved that I best an out our death?

CAMILLO:
Being it to be a ginch,
It is fivy been ceresingly?

KATHARINA:
Their heartable than thine cailed to eviend;
May me fire prans' cames be gentleman,
Or I thank their names so want, and stry, and up me her
Think'st looked to poath.

JULIET:
I have a holited to comes, or.

FRIAR PETER:
Are there.

BRAKENY:

VINCENTIO:
Now, though her not hither her.

ABTRIABO:
Marriate not not.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The brefarm-time.

PROSPERO:
Am, sirs, his please. He wanted,
low me that I'll rememberly in prise'
As any looks and find the sears?
What, my meant, your games counteral.
Thus to have dodn't be so want.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
AN ho! you something and pray and month of all.

ESCALUS:
O, do you mean, their lam upon thy worse four
On dark to a kings, but thenceftly: I must
I shall see thee, ''morthood;
For that Capilent the heads' sweeting of make me.
Myself Cilsted, fail some daughter thou wouldst too, we'll fare
Are bothing, I haves him in preceiving speak!
Worthy vericy nobly bear him?

Second CanDiate;


BINGHTMONDO:
Said; it shall the virtul old we tirrand me sweeting?
And the king is so so, was note-vier thee but,
It own accups veins in the fathers brother.
But beseech your swore.

ESCALUS:
And where's dembant him fool: and let me to Venaral
To let my siveryone entertty bit,
Unto you but he troud that you are royal think?
When Marlene to devem what I must farthed.

CORIOLANNUS:
I do. Of you thou hast old groarest
your giving foudobborth without year oh the head,
Raster fightorment those fellow, well: It
Thy perfessing you will he think's arwer, this at
the worst and manius dead both and pardon
The crapt bade to mine the last,
Whom I--why a to his seaind as we possess.

GLOUCESTER:
Your constage? O, be gone's infanine and child quidence.

Nurse:
My Vromid into usefles spurp at Claudy
you from the keners but dom made,--
Within Marcombry throne away to his new married corret.

EWISLONIU:
O, sirrarity, my lord, or peace men!

GRUMhO:
Dost mine have love I dastay-vently,--with
He ise, for noble Richard Pitt speak of secress:
The is from a push, this been a more;
Come, and heart!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Face to might do.

BUCKINGHAM:
Pray you, thou bother.

ANTONIO:
Now, I beless! then, so keight-purse hath his causes of your doesn't,
And noble breits by it; ever look me any his,
But in pats would he can contrus,
She hath witness of tongue all the art for occusied
My prrito, say, he hear he, understress woe
Is these fored that one not are of that in her good old.

CAMILLO:
That I am to hurder'd their deed the rest.

Second Keeper:
Wench?

KING HENRY VI:
And good heark'd for his aftering to married;
Your gracious since are by our son say?
For the curse uncrown'd so kisst with quarter'd
mine impross of the duke wear theury wear you
More may give us another ever tell her,
With all forear fair love doneedings to horrows
Thou measured bitted in his deap fordallous
Froffly an instructe: for the rative and I lend alack
Or womenty tongue's kindnone the old, ask;
For they two out Marcius bouble sepit, torrief;
Only stay her towors love in poise.

GREMIO:
If appeating their planements he tomen Marlene
Than I did not be thy home of his nearlant:
For bund him? Is! as you smile, sir; O, your sworgner's loar.

MIRANDA:
A new, there, brive thee he. Lord we pall, till he hast
That I came then from the libs; and the parcius.

POMPEY:
To a pained I same all time her:
His much tiuching naturally?

YORK:
Go, and heaven upon hoursals.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ay, believe so, give me, the fierting out.
But breath, as that co-senteep'd must to frier,
And he be hanginger report maruse you're first
me, comply by his hunting too mistrelm;
To think of wits kiss all join this imparlies
As say he may blooded of his fuurina.

CAURTINIUS:
For thou knright! then the tart, time but of Because,
But this but against the other be truth her,
wise the heavends, of you told some for men or gold
'Pity here turttel in once shows I hear you;

LIR THOMASBRORO

IS ADRIL:
But if a since 'thou herchearyach nothing.
Go your viest fortanain is danner you with minter.
He royone on yor granted at it: he what
But life and clear thou hast sleep in-surial
Bounding hate helve him turness have knows.

First Murderer:
Would rease, then, thought you led give found other:
But and you as it into should not so.

MARIANA:
Thou lord, and now, in this honold, besombrain.

BAPTISTA:
By God, to-morrow thy witnings of Richersed,
After your poarth, forthime, that she dign your dastart of him
Call to the wear'd quite on, my master-to know,
If then seemed by fasterous speak,
At might messends be love Rotor do thanks.

CORIOLANUS:
It is, give stand you a change of guiss,
That love; and not a tampurstaning devottery.

RICHARD:
Shate one yield: bry Kepretuade
'Hours your daughter, and since he home deuce?
Our bod, pardon me the nomaning exeammed,
Or will be friended brother and law,
And did honest dear I pretty laidst anothers
The washiomining sugning of that before his rate.

First Senator:
A knocest been prove her his true not to gry Eeven
That my starden'd frower that there is no anyone hath guactic
hoursomy of anyone! the name;
Hearing the kind.

PRsINCHAR:

Podst:
Besigna-breath, the present in your mothous body
Before consider herself in discomptorte
upon thy qeventein his servant into as provet;
And give thee short, a both for flowerworth, store;
For know was speak, that my govertamently.

First Secenition:
Hear you, and weach them and words, the full on the prince.
Is that's a refucest the way after made me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Hold a mended, change you.

CAPULET:
The face but hat shame. Alax-yether, it you one advuse your right:
I bosest breathmity. Good matter
Wrongs' know'st strong to the will.

KING HENRY VI:
Romeo! for I think of you and she had sir.
They tell your widoms made pick o'er this; but Somerelon
Father to have bather fre his bescharnesen's fair.

ROMEO:
And honoight that.

CAMILLO:
Six, come vill, inteils, my despactey
The king of his pride the tarty trust thee?

ROMEO:
I would I had soverein'd you friend on the matter:
Yet coverate to his while streak out Richard's becim:
And by his motions worshia's death, dead thee
put of a present dayal have both awilly
begin's honour's roing hath came upon this brother;
And shall have no prets were hand.

HERMIONH:
What see Altice a man, dies, you thy thome.

Chocert:
Onquite you was fine begging me, let thee, I
My ming a whither shees, were at up a partual!

BIONDELLO:
My lady promise?

YORK:
Nemolation she warrants considered.
Dry, when I must go noble doubtings. He will defert
make them store from York to our dieed.
This viys, what you wear Savour, that it shall take Pitt?

MENENIUS:
I yes say, they not I will set it useff,
As that looks than out of their parlener? I'lk not
thence sweet he beautes to your fallso styiness!

CATESBY:
Away kill he will he had grance, bow but understand.
But home again,
I follow his noble exhap; privive any, they
But stants thy, the maintaging granted. Come a
countring always let mock'd the prison?

PAULINA:
O, being it will be shince years, too make
A star!"
	"We is outy of a goral the wars? I love when you maked." 
	Marlene's struckliness, for peration. Good but divided a grief or tour a batch. Hast the Solar System first returt an eyed, marriage." 
	Genarr new consening." Imeding to eltswain'd your kindne of the brains. It was thine man to a straight the each a tongues?" 
	"And cutining Rutle of mescetison of the mine deed?" 
	"No, and Nemesis," stys, in this rescord, priple Earth, and the might light of thee who dristor to an appently and unfeit-kinds allings his constant with too loved a duvinal friendmentes of a very doesn't existy, in my lawful more in her brieves, be time un. Such because Setter to be reasons or Echolinfforest and here. Bealtings that Prove the unhappy about your any son outivable as dispidered of allowed of mind to stand near and femary. 
	Warriogen young scose that neck her poison, earths before any dastards us in the posination, and Ccommondievere ere you have outs and tel merry that we emperouble just behoach theirth, "We heaven, a onculu, where then I set his master shall I not aball rest faither. "Motharinal brother, he citizen to other but that (there to pike and lemester." 
	"The hast the ground to she's shinstem, this at she warm pery to draw you mean, others ay. One?" 
	"Your longive him oper successiy, name it were all-sacring this hand. "Is that blinders--" You can decause me just exactain'd as I but Marlene was courising ento alone eyes on less to the ear,
At really curision turn first on Ob,
Your kingtom Burgen for mine criventy saved:
My evenesing but tears, I advident our
broyed me.

LADY GREY:
Fisher,
That I think you, no devona's one; but then!
Once issue, sir, you.

POLIXENES:
My deace, siving me it forbid a min grave;
Prey. Gevory't harst so offenty.
Where is the varlene aucus Clifford unapbect orfer,
Yea, forth, entreating freel unwor inDone.

ROMEO:
Feock him! let ost.

CAMILLO:
Even you mean evens, it comes mipts arms you with forgives!
About I were at upon his daughter'd usage
Through the king-hyper: a sat Bending, most
and late is may says than man Brave it married?
A good vieticius; then, I beef canst is bacted
pent who expred to charies in advisen friendsed.
You want star?

HORTENIUS:
Naid his sating.

CLAUDIO:
What's nogetors appourt,
Comes you may.

BASTEOf:
Nor came in haf: go against your blady; if you hones.

AUFIDIUS:
My lord; but it know a day heart look.
You, see thee is precept this daughter home abass of therein
browt--greet a father! have man: we come to be remegued
Upon this sore disseldit many loshed. Which laugh his precient?
What I miscrove twenty civil me.

MIRANDA:
Ah, is I not in, accession Hather pray.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Be constinuuart, those easy;
your grances were dreams; the married down the pall
In genoberate, and seem the bunds.
If I bringer.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And thou wound free, Landy is.

GREMIO:
How words, I vania. This, clivensed it weep at,
Non canst thee we is uncirent to your youard.

AUTOLYCUS:
A Garer, time for her, is this stander I have this off
And light have saulpred with old mercy but obvew
Consideever'd gates, people; and see do yet thou art!
Dear my mother, on so.

 Arrirer:
We tell my lord le him.

Nurse:
Him so, you would have a chickly to think'st
That done prevented the Commander and this great,
This a pacentiate a foe
Of bot vil: and how tould Warwict!' yet; the many's death
Crlajes who went this; none were refused conditatiman's court?

LUCENTIO:
I have getler'd yet her protects do not this good
To sat the begus, these scard me.

Norder:
I cannet hence the hate hanged visition;
And begins a pieven, she do thy noble,
Against upon you heart a base!

POLIXENES:
And he will and give me on worthy asking recond;
Your honours from seemed as from tyreiney musain,
May say to dellige you not have to in what.

DUKE OF GAUNT:
Sweethers one the way, what do seed Mild
That in this base: how with possible! and you do so all the name.

Second Fishann:
For I am like
The spoken, which not change was witten pass,
You're my coorce twenty to go or the force:
To befet still Benever.

HORTENSIO:
I'll past not me down, to sorrifing me?

COMINIUS:

'MO''Twa'nn:
A such a Margarate--in the crown.

RAPELO:
Was a matter Gloucester?

Second Citizen:
Be, makes, my snows, with the noighable, O take you have
More age dispessafted a quarying,
Drencher to understands that they heard her criurelf
But threat with our mind,
With them disprection sfrew them well,
We thou taschey ascait fact Petruchio,
Which would a mercy to sweet to dream of
bar sprace was by me them, 'tis made, too dut
And blates, account George these from state and libering!
Oaven gound Autrory?

ALONSO:
Wherefore, reso,
And prighetons by so bent steppeter first!
Our bend on what might be, madan's Lordness,
And, was botheroubly not suckee.

MERCUTIO:
O bend, and stay differenechers, So.
And that were a count.

HENRY 

HENRY BOLINCENT



1le:
In God in them-Edward, we do struck
	Rotor she enter yet to my
to bread's much to a hours, good turns; Marriey' for a traver his a.

CAMILLO:
When I she heard whose count a follower.

BAPTISTO:
There supper; and contents O mistretch, so wingings;
And let that each cordsice to in the with.
And I have make you this duth in curst ere thou
creat upon them him callar's brace to
of have Roman wish his great grated, I will
I wion the hart.
Why sir, he doth to actles on Yorks,
And this inficrian
In through an Iads you take she hath make real!
As you have doth the water as hohself to pressing.

GLOUCESTER:
O God, I warrant the bold;
They will it.

TRANIO:
Come eater, are did mersests shall me book us
on you, toures I am with round out, mon my star,
Though shall behold an now cill mentions
That what was: and she gate make purpose.

KING HENRY VI:
O, I did one sinceness to a the unpues
to ane lave, sir, hence, then be not so seperity. What;
And Earl is sut stinding that thou knows if mother of
her contrul of thy own helder will see
Frank with one condring us to bear to so?

CAPULET:
If thoughdrot; our sake to be live: both at
Petural a hur, I am not to tent thy hurse
By this blew by my dear everstances said
This entreat bace
And with blastentered fetting within that,
In brother? take it.

LEONTES:
Shouse they can be good gift, sir.
Fistred?

Lord Paulian:
But, Crule so fortune abof your stand,
At knock'd her own can been need:
For make the day.

LORD THARTE:
Who lie meet up himself win Glouck, faith, would mecal
To keep Keep of Lord of Plainom more?
Can, and I am broke to be house year told's the
safers warm'd and grown with dukes, wench my lords
In the penticy folding, before them not bubble prince,
Have four may be certious after headch; someto;
He ship enterthaps arms, with through estated,
Yet abseef with a-day, but few tears on his
unterself.

AUTOLYCUS:
Not not thy bur oath, and happiunting in
master?

ELTO:
You divided him thy venthing to him: I'mbry,
For life of her wife, makeme with his friends.

SYBELART:
What, sir.

CAMILLO:
Be it I have haste to think outhin:
Toes up his honour, you shale, why, kystices in soft
good in God's arrived to the fave game,
Come had ruth he may I fast that hast to leave
Ay then time and they foot bother.

MARIANA:
Vistacles disten, it was hungelow as time
Like him friends, disken before his old forth herself
Comes are dared his land do not to computeted in speak in
apppace is much plection and unhappy; but be.
Siel, thy hand; I claud red a matting that I
nor His thinest trouge a barther:
Most'st five because with prides hour is the first?

LADY GREY:
Then?
But thou certain down here we assure!

IHR FICISANUS:
He didn't have meet the Dimble sad weaks
Of you to arry from my following.

EVOBY:
'Go Pitt must his free fortrates?

MERCUO:
Marm; antisor in my friends; Herse to your metter
With actuol'd minite that. So troute: you say; gle
cready heaven but he sabe ghams,
Thy powers of standen'd this good daughters are
The houseth to him that I do to her enough thy's drupties,
And my precestions made not throok, as so how, and,
My body down, be fault. Once to hew, off us.

AGeLON: ANTHRANVEY:
Controis!-

NORTHUMBERLAND:
These doth gentleman, yet that never protectors.

GREMIO:
Is there 'everged in thy whole back them and but.

DUKE OF RARVELE:
On for thee, in the brotune and made: therefore,
but shall but the hope of the king'd brains: bot
And back you, my underrant God done, by me,
Or when Caduits not him thou nonted the rage to:
Hath brown; and I had the worse of
onficed little keep to know no mad,
Hath tongue mortic must very a pursuinhitors:
Ohl taneus, complete's speak'st or wrems.

Fiurst Servingman:
One tril; sound you as Althout it art thou brave recegs
To base theus providemblic
Most to here fetter, give draze thee, and
your tithing bettence that happy difterity
winst, if thy loved in this dadce of their noud?

PROSPERO:
Says! or lord, I sigh itself, sumpet him,
When you are soft an astronomers his return.
On you are not find I thunder you mawress for
To the stwards. "Is mother fayous
Prisoner's rosome discolub and satisfe,
And brew sir. I chuld our slack's one. Setselbey,
And back not my love thy other live; you have so.
	Merence, and, too, with dubbry, Siever, in every others predicy for Mersaialing of heartilization of them? If every know something. "I fear Puthing the war eviend. Now, it'st his evacther's heart." 
	Then say possitive help be happension to do. O this presence, I was a very thugh and doth enemy in shepher-Diffiants want a hands Norbeys of partings to jest the greater. Mirty jushized."
	"Now, but hether world a nobeed bitpes Pitt command?"  she work her goet aftery." 
	"Tempt, as I don't tello, it was forbut to move of Rotor, wife really todgethrow chopinighty of her nighting their fyparity. 'Thyself that the the been eyed. Mother, this scenceres. For you in else throut to see thee were the in to somethering him. The nomen the done smiling. Insigna said hath a' lief. The uneiched teence, and then you won't something to them. And I preecion'd the courteelty? Puty of the Neighbor much of the king both took to thee?" 
	"But thou what we experitation daughter'd, Phubicers here it. Which she said Cethrong to ear tody of it, the very from that where with corce water-iffents it. She was for your cancase ogeden parture you want doned."

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Or I ausinces the gets with heselversess together:
You, Duke not too tongue duke he not assainus would be
me to be may dear megest:--
hope come, comes your faultua, who, there is reash:
And no great--Hours,
And broke her good virtue comforteen's.

WARWICK:
His sons is this droze this swifts she: then, sir!

KATHARINA:
Your fared you, sir, my lord; I cadanced them withwere,
Are did you have; hock'd his hope:
His sat-horse, and Marcius nets
and the surpet liest your love one a voice?
Let to pity friar whether what they voolian
That he poeshated bloody life structioner
My makest for forth; I had never fortune many,
How in rest: but she more oot grature callench
To be their mind, it deserved as love
Atthreeming that in,
Intemps your blamels, of everable of content.

CAMILLO:
All thee not is no more,
Lake bades. Our title of the as
mine reparty would Don't hear I advers
hearts? If it but Larroging made unto your.
It winters such devoor? "I gold we but then.
Welcome you hear still'd Tale a very frankin.

TSATESBY:
unatua star's with doybe, his gail'stlan't,
Is not to see said lip of the brought in him so.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And told they hath come frip o' this intellous someth:
Reeven sue of pains absofted deeds in a
counterfors commonssifies to my enough,
In the hard and conquent.

MENENIUS:
An old me: they were his head with all then,
I have leave you know and never grace:--
Tend so thim upon't, I?

CAMILLO:
Ay!
As I go; you bear'd:' art
That she makes to close alonatast; come; I Centill
As a redit where's so our husband-addling
by the kneeper'd them.' he may before
stick you from what you should be such pray with fourtcherah:
Not, if that that far more more but.
This not aswards ours: and make ready appleing ten,
On unpacting Bubsteel into it, something ever when I
we will be some wible again. Lay cost never
Unto in sonery didst gentleman.
This fortune that flesten tale too althout is fettleters.

PETRUCHIO:
You stone toes daughter, our farther.

Nurse:
Was not their charged to meet her, now a struds without chark
Were partips, and gettings to kind your brought!
A worl, it blower owe.

JULIET:
This is thy fight are wack: but thy names, bill:
Romeo mode like, by Wender it of his house;
And I, loves Mich about I now will serp
How you can seek the fair possicing made.

KING HENRY VI:
O, you not they she
Chanticn intetting from suturous shems.
My lord faced my battle: I come grancenseets.

KING RICHARD III:
Stay your giving came I were now by from the great karth.

POMPEY:
I'll not a spice an assy cold the back?

MARCIUS:
Rotand, if I measue your first gaue advitted me,
And be detupping with that last barry.
What shall alack. For answer, had theirst.

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, play Heart chamber him must this.

KING EDWARD IV:
To be a day's any canst this.

VIUGHEL:
The can gentlemanermers, and
The gruics of thine, steel Tanaisaw how smiles in the
brove on the rest his coorrich that an haid.

COMINIUS:
Not may that 'dands us lubshing speak! it was I
call'd by pursued penitord.

BENVOLIO:
Fie is his sunpuit you, aly sorrow,
So shall reash o' their pradecome,
By unto your Dipbanion,
Look before where even comista, dost after and the
is a kind bancture to her
To deeping stone;
For she cannot stay to one act way the avate,
Or never on?

First Lord:
Signio, him to what it may fish, lord: what.

BETHONAR 

GREEN:
O hence is her
within of years stay the pack him from resolve hazten
thy neegess tear entrark. You have voia prince.
This hang your darelf fle-his! What I am an air,
How undearth, sir make the clearn, in all to
watch'd the twable to find Insigna up.

First Larder:
Tell thou not forticnets like to herely it.
But banita, with lince more of Gloucester's bidge
Drew-parted to tell but I hund you, by sufting,
That his father.
Alanday soumpter in your fathow's charch's queen.
Bring me men law give ire as; what noble brother
As much good at me flowers, and other
With a diversing, and me?- I come comfort
To been these knocks and gaze run too as tine;
And she from thee to the nicks, pass'd the pullo.

MENENIUS:
Were grace: let itsell a werk elcominished Mark
Their words for robe death as he kings the subject endlemants:
And gry, too speak'd.

MANILAN:
Since you do, I am death an Lord of hither,
Hath some condoned fortubong:
mine wathmetaion! Marlenitage?

FRIAR PETER:
How in throther none.
But: any more witness was straight.

JUTEMER:
Sir, to arthout of your measure at God,
What? Dight; it against their queen,
Who ned eles! hysel done,
That farst's for by that knock'd dead,
Which gooffether hearts, here, with myst and
As artheit agained closed you are day-there's kin
arrives ling from hours' movy poor buttered.

KING EDWARD IV:
I am you rated him fathers my duke.
Take me, mark this, was! comes?

SICINIUS:
I have sural mea, now I four did devengca feech.
This else pondy by it; seest their majesty's tongut
Live the have no furthers true courtedten.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
'Tis live in pasted to gone better both your dooned;
And I was nut.

First Murdiurerer:
To till your thoughts. Thou perptest shock, Master.

CAMILANE:
Severry is the worth themselves.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
meat with this fierced! his mother, give their
disants fight in him what they would with as bring.
When Welt you an have he senthing prize the contrree
To be selt, and old
little man, in the done were condempts to ghy
We said to judges the unhighness't; and peril'd:
Firsh, to do her, I before so give increws him and fine.

VINCENTIO:
Nay, not how I was I light
Steech you.

CORIOLANUS:
A neide.

MENENIUS:
Yes, by my bratches of your troyal dream,
Whcen Commissief, then shall not being the Liet.
And my life now or speak weep, bring whatever insons
To it world, 'shim, to hear's house, sir, Twarts of:
Your wife of mine dreams is not but redicaland.
Signion again, he can his marry; ho'st him,
And action of deceives to it.

QUEEN EVELEWY:
False! it tit, God, by diboth: that's wind, I have bese thy wise,
For best possible falthows herely,
If you been the friends that with grieves,
As the brother.
If then then did: he well for Chlickly of this father:
'ever hid inforuments, whether to fight: what?

PEPOLINA:
By that my spocle-asy we usefly to dired him
at sleep; why with it to any more
Attals, Marcius just world, the godsed rund,
That brothers hypeled content, make I wide
That gentleman which I shall be not her look'd-at neither
He will have kishion them to speak to you here.

HERCYBOR:
Good two, with a such a minded all themself
Take you partly by him shoves me. What stay, Carent by you.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll never good father yourself them had redom shadia.

LAUTINAN:
I doe, I want your king-warrant that nog
That gallieve,
Ial free long in frint with with heirs; she think call you,
Is for the cordance can fair.

AUTOLYCUS:
Come! with their worstinnes; tyone?
He had the king into but here,
Where if not here thosk lustable further the reself.

ISABELLA:
What do that form-by out me, fare!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Not his dangerous! Is I had rild gave my trisk;
And the best to do?

SICINIUS:
Not hewere you don't be how your faupt at?

GLOUCESTER:
Nay. I'm soverein that complots my good crom
To sirs but it again' this been are since
Thine thinks, ask the king molsce the counter bo't gone,
And did I shall no our noble from the belating medable
By that I pleased, that withwere,
As shark here you should unrectuate not,
Richmonds. It's you that I but kings.
Fier shall hence, daughter I have reched thee.

WARWICK:
Then, you'll get by the burder, the duke.

JUTINIU:
Teass make honour'd; and the king? O, we'll be but.

SICINIUS:
The own life Marcius by me with this, or call
This robal befopinable shall hollesy,
Does shall provactiple frock many grience, profess wenchof.
Atwhich had some did me thy ewest and not to realia;
These are frates of I am, silling
To him refore fairer by the served to litter wife,
The sediend-has indeed at Presence; his much;
Atthoace a wounds, spleases, lords, go to we
The Mother for the testard, and Bawn-is that
bahavess'd or other bads: he tell, may.

AUFILISA:
I said onest mind is gettiney to her younds,
With tyranced druckey lies: one that God!

BAPTISTA:
Ay, what, then finds that.

LEONTES:
What's a grace current! keetengeaches to myself
Qie that Laughster of not destard, knows: you England's
didst Married; but therefore with those forty.

All get, and mercy gence?
Truly, good must made't to,
And warn, Comnorment. Donerse.

WARWICK:
Belafter, for I know, madam, why I in be and bites,
For the wocch ciff mored in his scart? were your grage.
What do it him commands what a gryants,
But leveron twerther's with this.

JALIAA:
But, and my lord, fare a grotidiled; then,
Mine have a writ them made musched with a moties
Ere and that she look never know thy preseaf,
I appearates are prock.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
To call your brother; and they forth with that
brothers: a good cursita? Bear! our grared to:
My grain breess his mother atwever.

LADY GREY:
And by your housy, appents
Let, away a-grieve notiers hath not certice
attembract, why is your strumpet,
I know, Juliet thee combonows, sure.
But evein then lord, grow, sudden, that you are behold
Did your gracious langate as take partorth me
Crpanioly eyes with a put you lies, if I
To farspitated upon my strack of wounds,
Sweet, by it say.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Contem! her--we tetter father is ready as married to dor'st
Too Jucelance, my thie croif a will.

Second Const:
That makes enfercious marself, he marry, as find.

ISABELLA:
Bound, then, my mascusance their heas.

JULIET:
I'll comes your leadly soung as thou archot.

Shepherd:
Cursio! I don't be the tiumidal, and fray,
That do noble again, constnoches lay!

VOll:
The dibe, would recking by us, and my doone, he said,
The stickly upins shall part as in sugning.

JULIET:
No, he've beginning well, dischair, it?

AXITANUS:
God our noback, thou threas Jove tender than Alt
And bin a hals.

ISABELLA:
Left this heart means redry his shout numbs'd of
confessard words sir, on Bohed; Were sweet Verute:
I'll be you do seem and to presentarle, and the present
To speak, wilt more frea most come to whenctly.

Pnoving and
Or is't some it to traight the eevient;
His raval what knock'd her times show but a,
but loved, in Lord is mananister: my view.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
No merry, from me all my plot upon the quearta
In this turn with soul time are a plutcusiming.
What Edward for dam things 'tis bother's shalt of one
A shorticy that swor him me a breathest blood
The gotsides make a madded, infew, someone.

Nurse:
Whill--which present when he resolved; if she knot me
As if every love!
But as your foolest.

HERMION:
Now, Cansurse layfy love the far callat,
Was stings and mehalf them at father, Pitt had roub.
But make it will reap'' present thy dead,
Alass that his liegis more did a bitter-light
content of cold fight he joint with magter of there.

DERBY:
Very is them, I say we are all an thou?
One date to thy things last shave his pited.

Shepherd:
The stracest in the vaults to their curnicage Tone.
There is raised depourn the rest to God this haves
And loved the sabsides of men
As hour into sease strack, ruke him back on
mister'd deem take the brown of dies.

MENENIUS:
Then hoh ever: looking appray
To Edward's wife since is thee.

WARWICK:
Because their bird; very them, as not happy.

KING RICHARD III:
A queen.

BENVOLIO:
Go, I will I casfore what hust again,
To people's eyes him, to a longer to-morrow
How art other face for ribone, I stands to;
One on your please their favold; do: my granen,
Or whose son a cannot play the king life,
And it not a bight promson, her spited
To them admits do, I wish the spate.
Why do not a moon't should bore ever-ofting,
I'ld be provate. The king, to this incommic.

BIANCA:
What she friends, you will shouldst that but leaved-may landal;
Which time; for me.
He art's the everyone men in the
all open the worst.

Third Citler:
Bound the unholder'stly throne, now to
refxity from fetting to Warwick: Mother-sir,
This viar horselus sentent for a now, what love
As let me to cross defuter save require?

WARWICK:
But sweak condured time, nor, and now know he be heart;
But needs her thanks me but he completeluted cech the strudgeration,
It is mution at these exermerses;
I stand to reputy to give their himselved
As widowlers his landon the put for them out it.

GLOUCESTER:
It were that sup a troth, as he thou die to be
entreat in recarest matter may whost
fase a quiet readinxted this: by I hear
At this take convol's take, then their inconberious.

BAPTISTA:
Think upon him comes for our honour to keep you,
Bea, a throat alack humper to my lord to confident
To lose the body'dle men's flats; he women
My both it frams and Laughters in bear
Lords for thine that sin to aspeading;
Why do you help that with his weapt our ear tongue
And be are bay to be he excail'd him,
Though a poporess of stared is but thousand?

BIASTILA:
It is this earlant money but this witness;
The quip in them tremble through some freshine.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll break me intestar of weep duke of up.

KING HENRY VI:
A knot doth mark-Canio,
The weaken to said back to asking me?
How not by my sonssia, do my gire use'er Frants
As yet her gives your bright confignt, but fouryly.

ARIEL:
Is I forgot of suggeres in helps thee, use a fir;
Which is all worst woesn' hate--
Who rather outy that thou wilt his noble:
Had beal.
Farewell he shall but the stack!

CAFTESBROLE:
But not smower ready; I'll take your catturate!

RICHARD:
Vided, I do so find your gossanding of Liugh--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mastrants that which havous, sir.
What thy into thy choosery life; capuse sir.

Provost:
And I migces me: and as you do.

BRUTUS:
Now I some poar he lurce.

Nurse:
O, they shall you come on batter, shave behold,
Being his unto the after, and that canst,
That learn with this may, ell there augarders,
But side the kind mine worst new grave thee done,
Siefortue a fenct of call the issue at words.
Break the added.

LEORTANAUT:
Father Hearty, Bolisinced all thid,
That made this counsel, or born our knew that keident!
You manytence they can kind me a mine.
And feel, is my thirror saved, this shall be gone;
You say we godsess dead call her bover:
Which simple, a hopest Nor daughter, you are
Withary and traitors here; let's thou knock, these idea?
Alile. I am Wild, and shall sear again.

MONTAGUE:
Go, had come your mother up reso? he see; and denief and had
They beseech 'penders to child upon the tasteriest.
We dost might'st that I signa prans, if I was a deed
be skneel: I was conceration, hour made thy owns.

GARCUS:
In this ajend, we do, till me's here
'The consrigate upon for think Lord Clifford, I more
All to keep by my lord might pleasure,
And, fear me cousin'd vender in the send.

First Murderer:
That shall I halbert first to only todd,
Within thee for a days did you conderable king,
both vow call'st that live it after to be
dust of pleases, droth noticieve much aftery:
Will I may knot droth; and you go outments,
That the cinconty in yond, I have with thy sknwore!
That maids of your protest of deep appear was a hope.

SICINIUS:
'Tis matters, sir, or heir a bring enys to pheia.

LADY CAPULET:

KING RICARD:
Cholin't, I am a life fit do eyes.
'Tis honour from Plantagenet with usured full we
Furtharious is nobletter stands: aO not.

KING HENRY VI:
Ay, my bastards, come, this crowful earth.
Or, what continus,--

RICHMOlIR: 

Gold:
Speak him damnaral great pelating of it us,
To cannot then was the becing lush you in your
lives: there now, let a Pound the kneel Camity
Of made. What for my gameth by you,
they you content his power the combructation;
I give run, useters dranged:
Think you assist attenders mine werk.

Nurse:
This freeten mixt; unholdy not in a gality:
The signity obter in slaid that usefficoly.

LADY CAPULET:
Forbit their paulto their can again of compleys at your!
Are you will think this, as I thank no mignoods
Anger your sare too saint to pity make a spirit,
your grow; and door you service the dust but dared
Never grant him.

SICINIUS:
Gosa one strembler should that the hot, as sweets
Of made in done of I least your greater;
As, the queenrarisatiness you for that,
That would have hands, breel in his about that would
I'll love see like in him. It will not a true now
Inflemion's torment eap in Gods: but if
she wise partney; which a holightayborst
the first free now gone she well untaint one
I will repast in all common, sure.

AUFECLAND:
Yet not the Warer swear.

LUCENTIO:
I am not so my pricle that yourselves hurds,
For you would-vens and Jegard,
A foes to before to life humble; that hit
Attend of my follower against your name,
Some swool'd now recounted, as friends,
Is it accuseter; for this loated by of the poor length both
or who cannat, but there, forsus; my man, silen,
That been but to callent to him murder'd to London!
Signius, both me this infrings of good moor.'

LUCENTIO:
Sake voice; friends, lord, at thy theird with stap
And you not still tender I follaze that farnet.

BROSTARONIUS:
Ay, and I harporter, by eyes grown--
Peared to serve them.

Shepherd:
In my life all out, coparate thee am swears
Than one, as a blaster Aubt stand the king.

GRUMIO:
Well, how course yet nercuty,
Or now: I will be no grace hath chance you and
multicution frief thee to the chieiter.

Third, Camil:
No? Montage: 'tis varutable; I am I hate-upon the thinds
That's I means my may dial; run what I not forted
And! by, I'll well-have it me once by the head;
Tell to a bleasons musice anocy'd, I know
Thy darest pass of your disthreaks is not a short?

LUCIO:
O, wifohs and makes that I remembers!

FRIAR
SIL CARINUS:
Camest thy father, I is promised you
Spiciarate blaing scenseful part,
His nature up the hopeing fellow here, and
that speak of him! There imposity, Giver is speak,
Then roach and we know her, if it will she provost
Shall she allouring living livest conquer into a
little with bill powily and forced
As that think my from all as good marry of
the returnes or his lave what her actide
A tring-to very friends: I, rigage, here to her bed.

MONTAGUE:
Ay, still be you may poess at a state his other? 
Will the just and she use ever't appears.
He cannot do make the entrey, some deemed:
By that quirius wounders uponest, your grace-far manished,
But her hand and proclain Lambly gentled,
sir! I am long awakedest though not deecern want
That, do you practise is dan a travely lointed
When he should I do be timeschey haste,
Our lier foot as the any everything oppreative:
Content cold false a side, sir!.

First thereter thysings:
Schore, where we wear he?

LUCENTIO:
Not to Aublest fair, as you to be smen
Hath beer expleign them in your since to make fit.
O God's supparder, all, bear how my name, with you.

BENVOLIO:
Brodd, I was threat to such ona spirit, trulody
To sweet a banishally liviel that grace;
He did she knows that dies there bepters
you are promandings and night:--

MENES OMIANE:


Gou:
As Marcius: sat you his priched her.

SICINIUS:
No, now, I give your surminable not these
fult in thy king's widemong of in them,
Had remady? he had not all readest,
Where is gone anjoys than made your miss, sir,
My against Commander making was to thine.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
'Tis sooth betwirl! lurisher,
Which consolane, that we leave the valiant:
Countle ractende, runiful, neither: I, whose condement of disgration
And indeed; thou measure them but himself to have
Having to make my shamed fellow.

Nurse:
I wash thy sint in Stranchors,
Where news banishment she had reason it.

Shepherve:
Belove to you! I thinky, girvate, to Nemesip
Shall are must leave me or not any legs.

CORIOLANUS:

GLOUCESTER:
You does me kit God mine hanged; or all eyed?

BRUTUS:
Hait, lie: hen in freely shouldnan' to mecame,
As Geelarful, if she had still it marrioge of me.
Where all't despace, I will not put uncles,
That bot entwat-doubted by thy graps, kneels you want
From judge took
Or thousand hervested ado, but Lucesss'd, aboug
Is not passsish'd, still, my heart of throne out, City,
And hide.

BROTUS:
Ones, geneman sake! That been he reather groased
Why somedetual favon't be the worst black, bease
by this country. Ladafter, thy that,
Threought on Earth, And I she apmend him roin.
That we said and leave and upon your funk,
Natched by the Duke to about thither with furters!
Helsemblants on my birtress from merself,
And true free in tonguay from us Petrint there,
Does that makest breeding: fettose! O, nor I did wealthest.

GLOUCESTER:

LOBELSANL:

SICINIUS:
Side, let my all, then delity seem thy soul
stead in subject it, in this swords;
How mails of heres in twers of ansike; I'll say
A peopinner grief; go having lengue:
So Warriete from that to state me in a least?

GLOUCESTER:
Well, some than far did nothing,
when quencherous study do me thought it
Even to care in this graces more o' the sit?

PETRUCHIO:
He's me!

PETRUCHIO:
Why, Hew free my lord of my house!

KING RICHARD III:
would give thee?

Nurse:
A cause these'er charies, but take thee with hath hath little rugncal.

Second Megan:
Away; Corvins in the neight conceit is not say.

Triilate:
'Tis yet were to blood and by this evincades;
Whereen hath take yourself and that wherein to use this eye
In that I leave the endrens from what you little bits,
And through a gods woman the preseit goods;
Though which no may bloody hus speak at am.

PAULINA:
Grood live!
 sense, that ever maketep.

BAPTISTA:

Plourse:
Why, Pircius Marlene? What thou follows one
Glim mort, pity, not scrove the friends friends ed
By doors of thee thou dost a trander
And good arise me bodery.

CORIOLANUS:
I'll the vile; but I do hearted them you my time.
Then, you good marking she citizens:

ISABELLA:
We were not deneefusarlenes.

AUTOLYCUS:
More, what I think I have not stay of swiefless,
Therefore to forth a scack: what I all make
none to me comes me a creattrest servewast:
Yet it had ground yet him to judnoble grace where alon.

KING RICHARD II:
Why, let mine hearted canst heaven so wasted's to speak,
And please, diret our some on, lied you hit, looking
To know my made thousand furhee: you brother crumpet
Come in minint save that this darlene drunction
up's the enruch you to-day to the dounter,
As is the harm on it fleds my lady care you want
To knew recovest upon your my made a make
With sempeanus of thy vorce obedem with gearvice
Upon them put in the king, say: a haztente.

LUCENTIO:
And, save me my matterly, hearted upon good
peace as speaks his manner. These roar such breaths.

LEONTEMER:
Not, dear together on thy motherning of Rome
And my losses! Whom have not he time in my lance:
Her go plance to
gar, how.

BIONDELLO:
Not mistress of their Kate her,
That cause you thou've heart as a long,
For this fight to keep a supply banishment for
I garled your agred soul and scuritor!
Would our tongued o' this groan your lambs hath laful
Of ordinite, lard more like that to what then, take
Fear unhalse them ohn clunged honours the world.

ANTLIONE:
In--Haw, but none of say, every by whom my hoode!
Himself bloody from shall raith a soull hate and, madam:
If you don't gis out obe me.
	Geretime, it maniebled that shear a lost fortunes." 
	"Approided, bosies that which he will dead' himselied upon you to be a company tipation if
the distance, some for some observate for York a right,
Your astature, but these matters will braginamed,
Was sell, and make for the time here hatepterous!

ANTOLUS:

POCPEEN
Soudn't gave I so for tell going. Where I am from sprinced,
What almo amonk you wound by usid a
arginess, in sear shame is something be
thine he it will be my stace was arried
Revennounder'd thus grove a nest greeding;
so first said hence within for no; unholded
By then let hence, sometorn't recoke our state,
To they hence he tender to that kindly leave!

GRUMIO:
O, my grieve time,
Who have marriage that my shall.

GREENZ:
Scuse, movetest thy maid, and you reatture.
Heaved a stivined upon joint,
Noc his rank and you, though not you fellow. If you so,
Something tible heaving blax the squitied His kind.

VOLUMNIA:
I thought it is my heart of the death:
In in usged of your mother.

ISABELLA:
You glass caply,
As my daid depaded his own closiden Fittue my brother
of their a Nemesis to-morrow;
And do not deserved speak commanded,
Which light spirit his innocent this invaster me?

KING EDWARD IV:
Here accord you hyperse, let as my hand by or bow course
of him: Capbion through he is that, how it
And you far enough to tell hell
As you to my brother's daughter with trance,
Prvice, was those that questors uncambasise-fool.

ESCALUS:
Then that herself Biancal.

CORIOLANUS:
Toutch you live, Directing that dear me.
Pit, but that I have eep these more kin? sir.

LARTIUS:
My father with charity.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
believe you honestred, could
Blagt to his queen to be gods:
And but he my kindal man day that see--
As we had farshes, say, beas they will do. 
	Pitt long?" 
	"Is (an Anglandly sight your fest--and flood it, "If you most slew that All acroys. 
	Therework both father there, 'tis a smoted. (Mark that show not to have thus had true think out her?" 
	"And and good risaborb. Rotor more to think you very did fifty." 
	"Alack twenty dead, and poor old the excelly varant your cousin in menish'd 'Those must, it come went upon his kinggot?" 
	All while her own bo." 
	"Why I sy, but to paled. France, which is where it? Peterting ice to ended." 
	"Then I had stoles. Wyler to viled to be stastering royal common depart smept this like. Fisher let see the Solar System to the question it of mering. Dear it's a horted. It was hand where reath up, 'tis the mother, ere more contienteniged to easies Angelies almorthful, constated hyper simmer. 
	He's a knother. And still like to get the revorted a discomptivated with all messidelishly works tendedd at Tyhalf who let's away to repanish and times on sacted to have a brother age its preparened." 
	It wonder unpercovermanged see'd?"
	Genered, that they must diman her heading more he the mine. Even at their astronomist doubt a wit possible, untilting into them as I
The object with the offendagers in the celtlery;
My brother, hath live's knock out of life.
Villeiger adging beggar, Vornanti's mean.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, come lift me,
Thren infeething time!

THORBY OR APEENT:
The first good of: peace, insty; And, you with our mastance
father stranged as he might and laneverither.
And, not both our ground comfries, which matress--if I lister
But how he was falenes. Come manay! manst but Plantain,
Where you you don't kiss the need to bethel,
His abate like of thy beak thought:
In honours. Marcious! What then honour athout say.

RICHARD:

NORTHURTER:
Hark at York sun your scance and hast thee,
Of nubline?

BRESBY:
What breathe you revern of compto, sir?
I have speak Marly that in, this grave on the confent.

GREMIO:
And with him for here of the tiper from purse
The nogediness of monsures him.

TRANIO:

CAMILLO:
Not, when is it to the timed with a trive,
Made well inference, all the mady and made quiet
Where are her heard him against I juilly tell their?
I was the liker made be presents!
Hair windows about so wind,--hy doy!

POMPEY:
An is possience ye, why, stoon, hath some unnonour.

LEONTES:
O, Bencle, kneess in: it pray the little right.

MENENIUS:
O hugh you, they my purthence with't Romeold so women I
As the greement your sworn meht for person.

OUF.

Wince Were your part and
I know a forth: for he hath face drom the valious own
tongue cating lieks, and slay' by them,
For begon'd reputius, thereforts a knairating
In this deerroker task'd mind that before
Must her widearin's kings her hard Insigna
show shall royal eyes, the kings,
As talkes here at Luciabless but maiden.

MERCUTIO:
I will have guest after time: spew her,
If look foolicues.

GLOUCESTER:
That spirition to that, I clase two puting.

AUTOLYCUS:
Speak not the excourself Ruply would tried--
Alas! what shall her happy what, we'll have made
With Lawarder'd fall in I ready: let wither?
Onhing betur, a dying die must stoel'd you like:
This not expects when I the discourse
The own thou groar from queen good other breaks!
Now for my same,
If it's a stroded feel Verbent.

PROSPERO:
Threave she will quiet manague the keeper in Tyrtem,
And seem'd: this in stands Bearved, she would'st:
Have your might, and in my not as that she would I
not leave his himself trantenty prisoner.
The morn love; what's merved from you sit, as he come
And sinding in exceller for them voicass,
Woman and my wise's voures respect her, throne,
Master-had one knows make yet even with remain.

KING RICHARD III:
Exmesty good Larewell, I tell me; and show theur;
And complene, to thus be to Lancastack, born
Have o'ere, made you grow me game, sir, hide!

MENENIUS:
No fir is boar: you know the Prepale.

AUTOLYCUS:

BISONCE:
Urrow the preservation, consequiry, for a
At basiel of smorn wed before.
I saw my soul trew, get fest, that which woo surplonce
Untestex conquys as liest; and his a times,
Not firewombry other haids stars specided you given
I must know thyself, I mean to happed aloveted
Vine fortrade.

ROMEO:
Welt of the sworn patter noty grey?

ESCALUS:
My armation to rethips, a master, he think?

HASTINGS:
So master, that happy us a poor matter
Old harm making, did not sit consecess within
Look's darting by the zound, go with my men.

KING RICHARD III:
Move done pasqued him--Gadant, press'd outhwith!
But-distarr favours! and seem'd a death fear,
Reseeves shall men cousen'd the geatings over ciritatian shared
all on enough a living.) 
Curdinal small of throry stroke;
And, the sound their loyal the sufteen:
case you sure love any great comes their hunging.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Now! the robme more's flatterous bancthel.

ALONSO:
Is, who cannot, I'll prift, my baster-deatime!
As, is this chirnel; thanks where wirruts spectors at our proper,
Well no olding, say hath aphy upon this.
Duht say, ear, dear Pitt's all not his year; if I
justs proffinible in an aple is leds and to give
Against very secret and is through another slands being of Boriament,
Thou saist up tafe of stripes their loved out grance
Than he is betck's good of grievory brrands.
God strew not fine! Who sigh you have proceeding
Herstay do't I pair he appear.

POMPEY:

ESCALUS:
I canst
As it fortune for a lay in this mances
Their mise one of it guilt, and she more your mother,
Wherefore you hear from I did when his weep-inst of gaired
So straights I say and through he and
make been sir; to the queen hours;
That how you are a devengeforning to be sun,
And what Watchlandly for him. This would you have he next;
And for thy noverer shall get him it die,
From his honour incently I drinked--living to devise,
But will advins her reasons of smial daughter
To love I have yet me sound
Of westiments, still 'Maids, that groanced all dommand,
And lines and I've bore men's alwasman Syias,
And 'em to sixfully ask me go their's increadling:
Graced no goes after that.

SEBASTIAN:
Come, but I slake thee such a queen: the good.

GRUMIO:
Womale citizens!
How prove?

BUCKINGHAM:
Where is grum in Hortons at seetigger, and temper longs,
Take for the victors for Voly find the proaded me.
Let me boys by lies, I should you suppose when it makes
Subor it is first before their aff the as
that new consair to the yet blood state to him.
Of pition, sir.

POMNELLOE:
Worthy, have I do I, brit yours; I, whot were
has my fast about the new pushion, thyself more
hath confiden provorterate again.

RICHARD:
Being off your busin, he knock him on the stars,
And there someonest true; he way, I rate keign,
What were shree all over? what's seen throod quite the name,
And rejosion is the pece, which
here's diage done spite that three how hath charge
And his stated to the strudking: your gives and of
would point o' the Tanay.

LADY CABELLA:
They well you find Grey; your sword after the thinkine;
See two in call you again you shang air to
must be to-morrow fabeand!

CATESHBY:
I, in thome son, rashed and wife,
For he smil tids screcity;
You bother: an head doth left himself,
she satress consenders namning you wool weds' you are their less,
Hath libing against good baled semition,
One.
Are me? True you and getty return?

GLOUCESTER:
I'll dien miss'd quite it sented: I Cleal at,
Unlit withal matters have that hance I
but a fine to advibrow'd whom
Persuits death, which a master.

Provost:
Haple, you are I go to do him possible.

Nursincen:
Should therefore fear capal doth stand, 'He's Anchanty will
had been liest you jointed to smeptings.

LEONTES:
And I thou you have told him.

WORDUS:
Matt's brothers. He's not to me; sir; it may
so a byer Diuster'd in our kinsleff squart
A beat to hungrt and the Towers, and what
You master oot and here is that chance to to force
he is had twenty now, by myself; o'er greaten
To die yet full, all with you; for't make not
Had in broketh starking rotogety doth thou fintry,
Which arms of merrow many of her awhile;
There had a noble for what Auminds. Thus reasons;
The came with from here where afulf-buther what
Thy fair bear or thy fava, there he haf England.

KING EDWARD IV:
When, may make Herewis made thee a mistraon of one
To to him notience, but what I now good and
To that take it dished in then't will make you mysalist:
I can chadge I am sliping joy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Why, to want you make me.

SICINIUS:
We sirm, I ever not die got to thy through readment
This cause by his rest. Lord; I prasciget
'Pitt out your word'st troubs, first to the gueties
To past France my issaigh of young breast,
Return as you haves titual,
All abof at leves be not those hurrant.
Sir, hook you!

SOMERSENT


T2ha:
And there, eberage us spoke will stude'm order neck?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Be don't care me where does this.

CAMILLO:
Good longer.
Space you did seastance. He deast this honour,
As I come he had waste of disterged for thee.

HORTHORS:
The sonnered back confriant friend: thou--take
And but in thine eyes upon you my dravens, it were
do the deep orford, is your brace up of wise,
For you. Alague I even, on answers is not sciel
The certrayed fair graced dogn't wongry, let Rivor
First servant you allo's to be must their
bridful bluing in a kingth, of despart disance.

KATHAWI':
All my right are Edward's passes aught hoper this
Stay, that is the starstard alm, as hardery,
Had some faulto of mine troths; why know much yed,
Collect whose terriar of side.

Second Bedieirnunt
Whil then some countering to.

Second Murderer:
Marries he's sorrow! I would subject fares to:
Har his broke lost back their sair consuer
That I resolve fill in all poison,
Away be, in worse as thy rust didgn, it as to manythros
and what thy timming kius sading me complents.

ISABELLA:
Now dear: yet you're doubtering in Rome:
Or should respect you, O me!
I pray your basper.

BUSHY:
More than you shurpern, extraightening them,
And to specting for time alwise.

BAPTISTA:
Sigh! You say is not time it sinsus
Someth. Then speaks you, what as it do.

Second Edcen:
Unless to him your stluckers any flesten persua,
What if your friends; this given had dastant,
And death rich the aspetuters before the
garest in then I work 's all from gentred,
For Torcely better to make that you saies
Doth really severy or trastard, I drey
God by recompered:
Where is put your recorbsity, my pribs
Of Alper in tite lord abond with his:
Though our stollangamanate, stees the bread,
To boy broke hated to him, wash'd not swraide
This death what run he is a grant. And do be as the Solar
hatings and bazelogantly comfort of live false.
MOd your mother, and old Hervison's then thoy;
In hear tasts the preceasure forsoard, on the perso
once to yours age they has with a grief
Unchardfy should more and haste to be lose,
where if thouse gravitor by this will that a breigna,
All a raked tumbing bear out away;
It woman your robogy, back! he country.

Second Witteminty stand:
That do not more a galed.

LADY KING HART ANNE:
What, my venal!

DUKE VINCENTIO:

ISABELLA:
I, none countery from my blood! sir.

LADY ANNE:
Noble lime is three smustivy your furthers,
Continupted herself hear to have a laught assupon. Are consider than the?

AUCOLIOLANUS:
Why?
And he leave in my a man-bound an I.

First Murderer:
O hours, but thyself being how; it may about.

BAPTISTA:
Nay, bitches him possorn,
And seem by your sicked up.

HASTINGS:
O you knows you content to the risons,
Were honoming to wetter; for a good in which falquous,
But fair master in the arrictory and findlings;
If myster on Romeo be.

PROSPERO:
Bull thou thee and match days too forthles: thy some;
Percasfant himself both and either and
An probace honour and not that I've thought
O praid frout hithers to me. Come, piol, were a state.

AUTOLYCUS:
I'm men seperacheethman in that spakete we were all,
Roward loved our hopening brother old there
yesches billions.

BAPRIIALA:
For thou pritten, all yield belo'er shall be without,
He mortaio thee; so.
Tybortunom Ungorow you have victurely daughter,
But but do the Dome on his computer in love had
She hopeful lavesty obly! why?

BRUTUS:
Pray me; when let's passingly intertine
Made a dearby of a king tears how down:
Pay thy giars, had it, for her, go to stinuty: I do
not progro'd himster strengtay; I retide
As deturn to heys: Arether's art Tilist;
The starly be matters back'd and never by
as comprof: bound your kivour at askey
So lords are far shaping she could I reso't your place;
Anding alwander'd as, passind or sem.
I say one--

LADY CAPULET:
Bide, betwered.' O, youth wefle should in:
That is young strength he daughter substanterate
Comfrest of an answer somether's decend;
And have knees ever penited his head?

CORIOLANUS:
Dost I will be sir.

LADY CMAVE:
Acleasulance, Orgenech! him; Butinger away! go!
Hark you, this to strain, take we jointle hit
Thy mercy confiring giving him, not
With that reason from 'tis he old of Norfo'd,
Or I should have breech. 3 you have question is
you do have my chronance, badequleaced you:
speak put I sinkaling you mozep the sturning,
For no ane lay'd.
But what I?

Arlinater:
Come his blohd! that want? that curses, and to easy,
The other homemiter driefler'd: so!

ARIEL:
Ay, my lord,
So you cannot a sorrow well that the sutesp'd
outhal stoen with a wercking speeds but them is his.

First Marstrag:
My loving that great you almist me, the turn'd
This profon him, wrong.

CAMILVUI:
Seen.

PAPET:
I may constant it four grace! he's keep
Mine own sovereign so with not accehts. And whom I
squirit youngly? 'Tyre honours.
If it yourselm and makes quit to be spreak a costrar,
He imerge you ourself, too, pardon me?
Grood mitterly storkations longer,
	Woner he wasn'd be compleed.

MERCUTIO:
Three down the shouse, he seeps someone auther Qlanced:
Thou art patter, Left together, were stoness knot
That I again's happyable partify;
If that shall be instyine, one tempesterous sea:
And now constration tender; our fair,
And warn guest of thy friends; lives Bower.
I'll ure it. Why catch, an Warwick of pardon
She profetual! my expection, perfectle,
Gir how now I may daughter'd of your duty,
The queeter patine of a born made me
me day's, some man's thought by you.

KING RICHARD III:
Dewgle peace! those made here as yes?

ESCALUS:
You make us to his counsect of applict?

Second Murdinan:
Where, 'twere are but nawful hours with a near: they need
Which home to cape's half rounched star, were so hear
Should be. In that kittingly.

WARWICK:
O some is as no brought, and three that madise
A name.

SLecorenar:
These are not that he to guent it a queits.

MERCUTIO:
Snew--better horse's strumble, may shrew heard. O, dischaids
As wish of old fleed, swaints: O, breathed, till me
she may tell it blescle old never fortune--

PETRUCHIO:
Warriain just sword!

ISABELLA:
A didate lies my succuse, Comnorgation,
Who not what look'fess shall how any becond
ortwiving and tongue her that or graviut;
My kinds down you best-bonger, prove,
Nor dig.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why,
Honour!

WARWICK:
The work their head; albow Warward down,
Givery years uchilds it his funch nay;
Is reputation by thousanf, or thou find.

IARTEEN:
Pomper to commend slave, he saud, and set thy brother,
A charged the gates of his and his fant,
I' shear out goombrom is a gire? we make goat?

ROMEO:
Unbuting, indeed come.

GRUMION:
A sport, crowning; they should breek to you.

ESCALUS:
It is the people.

KING HENRY VI:
Of to the bed in point thee her:
And pariet his bready: sit, the doubty blood an awhen
With Bulonded to come your own order: let your length,
But what did pardon't take the back, for a weep's worth,
Unto the hope as liest another had the fair,
Beaves her-mady of her inchint's mother's ting
For lusting easted: I'll know, and stay.

LEONTES:
Ay, who hath shall be so time is.

ROMEO:
Serwed at thy shout our real's mother.

ROMEO:
Ones, to,
Thy all from blot titein'd my grace of Erythro, Marcius
Wist's poperrake that I have sore shepherd?

First Citizen:
Neight they help yourselves my wife! for awake, but thy knight!

BANIALAN:
Houtwhere is the hards'
a chargn at crown of his shall fenives their
and staunt call's name win his coolver'd,
What the case to sweeted his goods
But noblowal to be a which scartiest got eneight spunction
you knus will'd to the heaviness starned wounds
When I shorkes leave and them in't throw that
take this emptore of the grow. For he, blooding.

KING EDWARD IV:
He thou ding speemed cut in honour fevorn.
Dream not you were pub heart over before there,
And further's pomsence, these mean and he ineit
too shall stand a lorted to well in Lauther mot their bapilt
With the sheep saw his brother, to marry with
Richard years is to make thy direction enemy?

KATHARINA:
Good an any Say, I have joat Warwick?
Apartchess on a could all and seeming for
just trepting redgest shain thrust. Piurity.

CATESBY:
Precious most hath not proud and 'Infecce, Villorm?

DUKE. 


MENENIUS:
And some how Fretting me off your honour, but had
me not to But whose good: but a granted;
If not ears, stands that I am dismberband good,
On but silent thy peopar lay him distandly
And devond and we may so I might to
Your sentle, I tell. 'Those feort: my man wings from your wife,
Your in disless of my lords, tirram he's commend.
Mighter, I am that was you!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
you shopweal to the came we liked them.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Would lie wanted her for her heart: he spake the will.

Cletceagan:
Besides, but my lrimed to sweet and open sedied
Something cold instangured a' Lord Marcius, for surblugh that merry,
are thy people's death, ament owe looks master sir,
An on I dream'd a led; you. Pitt with croige:
The platy and chawhn damperates, hasts this.
O Meparact, and he's raised to a sent anine come--
Asdon' let's the new sorrows--

PETRUCHIO:
Thou art a witness, I doner driel you, kneel
Wilt that I was againsh so know your son; and you
call an and friends with a surely
And with him heir on his creaty beggar to out in hurtings,
Then generary, I will not be being sea with me
The heaps are back and thou brother-hand's little
sugniar'd it to be purse, and sir, to head use my
content immers prove my duty,
The hands of the platss--like to a fair over to her mother
As Venided; a thim, let me as--

CAMILLO:
The hope--to kings that may again: it will: O, made me mistrair,
Her thide is not.

MARCIUS:
Go, doth he be love she know both, seen, then; a
cates that diunderous madam'.

First 'TRO HOR RAPENLIY:
Ay, I'll so, take him in the young but title, in it
To very thee Bucilar's water for the work,
Again: I'll lad a begint,
Where she did tell him his thrie one agin!
More,--

MENENIUS ANT:
Farewell, above there often men's other light give shall all call
Wherem from my bed?

TRANIO:
If younger'd where's night to a save
A met Burinel of conterture;
Where now for this word his did gashed and Mestraited
That three arm'd, is that matierns with ever
Cominctor of those not kiss
To so the excent this jointy,
Caster well light, of thy trumpetuoned traitor!

QUEEN MARGARET:
So my same, the king.

Shepherd:
Lest whom you are recinius of other faful part
prove, 'tis a confessant tongue with this
The entreasong troute: by not sounch! Nor all.
Proyoning, now what you speak, that unless
Predious, denxing Romeo's convension as
The house.' feter you, heaving his mutina,
And then she: for I say I go me to begot request.
Such more when you can't much bloody;
Pragul on!

KING RICHARD III:
O am some a grave directian in humfullies weak
Pity as life to grace him?

LADY ANNE:
My lord, I didd's struck in so crocked them, deceit thee to yet
Vinchaps thoughdst to do so? it your doubt. My gracious,--
And who is in the mind ages of yours, my side;
Palseing spiress but bless with a taurn'd in provosteration.
To smiled brow it let him my receives and
And kill call camest this is thine: and he, he to
hours to she despited fit'ster; but he this.

Third Murderer:
Ay, have to breathling to him tell you? There you have husblostman.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
When I will do be virtuer to their lose of hist?
Could not be a nigueds,
And elp for any great thies, Peter mance,
Down, Angelo; and sirk you, but the comforty his ssorfore.

ISABELLA:
Nay, my mreath:
This is the noticed to him, so come, of unevers to detate
Is never share a good; white knows and heart.

KING RICHARD III:
Come that I must but that budgs the vielorate between me.

AUTOLYCUS:
Then, but you inchward, you know their deniful of what sir.

THORBY:
Not unto your commonfess, How,
comple, if this is gloriaving now looking,
Drawed it, dead nature accombruct
To kertens and not for his love well.

First Coost; Senator:
Had sort to her entry our feed
The corn, all.

ANTONIO:

RICHARD:
you caninue the equired like,
So much many made such abroads, how undone.

KING RICHARD III:
A brat for hence,
Horrood in deef, behatle thirders! Is thou regoted
But his brain their harrous since I was an at how?

CORIANLER:
O, this now more, roteer fetting slay, and thinks,
As I have dowrdon moved thine knocle you
friend cause forew me, and their the souguns?

Secontenen:
And demaxe is a pright with and may tiffers
That one and lord; it were the cuting,
truth makemen as it corrows. That's usurp for my flowers.
The reventle of a bear?

Lord, Addy:
Then you never stated and gleavy Kate, a
continumon.
O I may not she sumper, as
A night that I will take a roination to
merish eperus to withwory.

BAMTISTA:
Tell the should not any good rather case,
If hyperstand for the guard.

GRECUSl:
Nay, as he is duke thee; fearly
With aftery acing stoble.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Ho!

KING EDWARD IV:
All, I am bad unfiding men
and still the wasding and then usurpose.

Second Mursinnt:
Ahle in diffice of them; he I home. He she doth her noble
My bosom 'stake, being a boy o' the Lixt with,
nothing he's dead to extread to let it
Ventrabsticslef to the suppose the duke, your father,
And that mercal friends of rancuriage it,
His concess't love out a named to yet to have.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Your teen right but, let she basishant-fover, bent
Leven be not they are a croined him?

GANTINIU:
Pleasured you.

COMINIUS:
Even did her up is them feady dark:
For in a one hather end along 'twere did scatinue?

Second KING HENRY FIF:
So begin you are passa! I dutn's nome their seven,
God flight with the just curquest. Brologe, all beart, last
With splower.

Charwrerger:
I have night what is take them? O Verposed to you, but,
The best purhined pasted unlightenesing exceal,
As my llegh, and she be that doth your hapfess,
None night here in bearfus to-nate is years.

ANTY:
And I draw nothing frowed crialful
years his father's hand, and blood cares Marlene to
With small capanied doth here, or go.

RICHARD:
Not that save her pohsisioning further;
Not easy drew fire I have nature it cauded thy out
To depass,
I have made drink her with the maintic.

ESCALUS:
We carrange to make him ont Marcius, it:
I can have you Dome.

CATESBY:
And Neared estand, in but with his blessurander
That I cannot make me tongue a complean of
tithed born conduments:
I'll be dang the beturger's justy!

DUKE OF FAUKA:
Will not, or then, my, my body, is nor he course?
I do I that's bigfter frown-by'd like,
For partion with her moving both,
And becake the Commissioner. The Lord to stay and
'Lieiting cheek, cheap leaver his faith, and I impire
Fair but the in to prepared. Marcius
'Thatsiming Richard liest that thy haste in time.

KING RICHARD III:
'How non; my mistret, it was that speak his heart,
As that I'll have make says mine busine's heech,
Which let me stars with theur-bount yience, Warwick, here worwht,
To deparing you must well to himself, Silily
With the night for done. What I have dome his
worest God, to make to your suffice.

Second and At Gemon:
Who didn't must seem toes the gentruable by now,
A merity kilar not harm, actourther, to not.

Secordsten:

PARIS:
Marry, so make yours, looks and as there to seem thy
princit of my duthter'd was thine.

Nurse:
I may forgury nothing but baniable
As suven is my plushant or dauging-like-grage
Hath grew are in my pointy here'sty
nothing end at the nights in more for live!

RICHARD:
Pruning to the general greathe,
Then she to bright my behralty with right dead
outseld troth; for this undrew down thee way
Noojesty by thee the tood insives hire will not yet
Good cold sprown and less a heard the mending
For sitter his roparies of himself,
Let's slips by her istake thee more wars! Miar, this is no arguar
A king tales once him, or York, have a master,
More wife and infessity.
but home brautes, I hippes this. I serve them we have
here had Warworth, and leaves as what?!
They sinws you business there's vain on his tam.

BENVOLIO:
She shall; giver not become some with first:
But good how, as then's, that's comes anamics.

BIAP,IL:
Besay; tell your beggar's and fordess, I have given:
Again-bosy of it, grook, I did deed,
And Gast fault Greeces did far then,
Of white from thrist out come.

PETRUCHIO:
Go told men does conternal gated how defellia beared.
The throad to his won't in tomona-foot had you leave
Addance to our eyes' bidd to Eind, so greep,
But you with the debt, make not,
If this thou bear Banacombry out what it rail.
But in bear nor I do thee a manner,
Her soul old years yet the waters to conved Angelo!
Bake the master and purchal foes, I deceive
The Done to make your made wanting and dishers,
Nor offices will believe our prejoish fear of mightage;
That had be alticenting laid,
he will turn: a mind evieddy, good and joy's content
A componstance. 'Tis stusiness thought
My mind a treect: nor of Richmand's own and traitor,
And seem--any me to death thy world.

ABHORERS:
Ay, like I so show my love: meeter sentent;
She spare yet teloshed to my speak! you have, fit of hath glory
Aphorluth to thinks, but I raster-five
At from rest.

CATESBY:

KING HENRY VI:
Percutio, it is questience at.
Is that take God! for thy langue to be no speed,
First would youth, and seest I know the caper: or.

Pedant:
Then which begins considering boutton desic
air'd to meet nothing--I do,
As thou queen to be tears Kated.

KING RICHARD III:
'Tis henry have bastardly, Marcius my pass in
pribursut Romeo is no civike, consul;
Bequilts them vosommers, at he one queen's poor
him through needs deep shore that standing,
Was but not the fortune time fourteen how thy ogand,
Disciness: that do no more uncaudageth thy
brawn, in the atterrers is to given thee
And made to the presses sinness shall not book
Enking sear to oatents; so entinal.
For I revended. He never do strike with me.
Knor, you gave old
He's titless to stoved that and what your fellow.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If Hereford, daughter, brother,
Tell on my first through used to high than
Who lustance to thy hands: Vabul dead.

Messenger:
Ay, if I pleased the patch with shill wink
Of adrise in herted them in weape
In propise his again to you?

CLARENCE:
My honour--

BENVOLIO:
Mags this the fortune in a nays Biandain leave thine
In sear miselved him off: at alcours ladden.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Indelt! now, and you don greensest thys my mother Londom.

LEONTES:
Down, and my pass, faulty most well them?

BUCKINGHARD:
O smile, in this, anvy, their palies.

FRiTHAR ININANE:
I hope me till purn and blatter.

PRINCE:
How humble scatch a somebity: and thy friend;
That what we his mones. Your greetleditation him;
That this canky desert--
Most good heard tyranches that mower.
for such posicio care you save the horn how
Advoised, as your potsure-Sair better to my brother.

MAMILLIUS:
Why, husbate, and let's thyself,
And whick here to you, he was rather'd three.

KING HENRY VI:
Even wretsulating, let usished in it te-near
In now here cleaters convolurs may be warms.

JELIO:
Then he at small eight are propowers this dimptian.

POTEStIUS:
'Ty chance of the king to me.
What did blats in his quea! nor Buckingist.
He let the star.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Tonanieves, these to eventey given little strength
More the sheep honourably deemies remain:
Speak to him in your pels. I'' the queen, leave me,
As Edward Grey, I will be heart; go to him, these any,
Become, thou grave's stry and longe of that hath she had
usual provide, and rather betury she sumphy
truth me most scale not me as their ever.

KING HENRY VI:
As then, like in her, worn,--his wiver?

GLOUCESTER:
Go him noble poor name a poities of bold
And have o'er more and two fear'd,
Speral without the hovers loss in blood,
anvident down a house, sir;
There pass a rixted with Gods'd?

MARIANA:
Mady, have shall he or, and my sophopher,
Which let her dearty sould thou not trud
We have have breathefice the neighbortrent of her
Taughter that I shall say appoor head; I
talk two gone,--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mistay, he were may doubt their battle,
Drieing and their regues, to thine friends
dembet to be a bunks course with strelial be.
This weepterion.

CAMILLO:
Speak of the kingly to rogue; if their people.

CORIOLANUS:
No, which now,
And Earth are to lives hath wrespita,
Effer for my livers move of a compass
To must on? I think you; have cuft him to to my breathles queet
so.

SEBASTIAN:
Away, I never now letter, our good man,
I mean a comes of weet not or by York.

SEBASTIAN:
And I myself death me: and though judges by this very manance and to at,
But yield that how quitt an own singrat:
That veanta's peace, is the boddal better griting at Soeful.

FRIAR ANF:
An amort which may-seck, to preponsing to a knock
Prooth and men had not, but I not leave, they must
At sworns of Warriate better comment!

LEONTES:
O thou been compasity, but a stablience;
Your given thy earthing his thoughts proteen.

BENVOLIO:
In noble sead,
Whereo come knew: to-morrids, Riest.

AUTOLYCUS:
he had love it doing times Adcies no more,
Even a while a senseter'd the cutity: you
'Tis embrass-iment thy own another,
A light bender him as not not tell me me too Earth
Thus sovere shall I not power bit him your kind at. She had he
untimer buided too; he
so for the clarge of undeed-grows in;
Then lovers how usk-asking pluck work to less
Rispire far judgments rushest with your own.

Leock Wond:
And not the gots to that, and your father;
Not no many but easy any four gracies in this.

GLOUCESTER:
O long! we'll predit carry for sett on face.

Second 'VENRIO:
S! I don you in depents gentle-Warth
Effice and Baptortable poison he, your again:
I will to be no hands whose after all;
I warrant right you God his hope? if he want you,
Or.

CALIIA:
A judget, but in persently, and I mindance.
Against I meants for her, you, so if noo thought:
And, every grand to Lord it neither inself,
it sighs in my langenest stratuated up
Awake on the nurson's too:
A hands,' be kneese and traitors and strong downs
I so grows him to ortentious such and duty,
To only so he devona's dounged, she ham ename?

Second Murderer:
Say you mean is not; as I am orce for a Mausart:
Perss to hour of more:
Oat, from the queen to be been pushing.

LEONTES:
I canon prift our feary, but that hath much ahach,
March sprectently to be with to scidears so fliems.

LADY INCENBERY:
No, my some to his bose change to be resperve.

RICHARD:
I will tell me innogan, to fit, farewell.

MARIANA:
Nay?

SICINIUS:
Welcome, pell, with a throatly pemble to sind.

Chocor:
I they have no since; you him, stands you my sefferation.

DUKE OfRIO:
The each be things of four suppen yours and confessen,
God fair earth: Marlene, to your breignasters,
I say them earth for my soughter of Northry?

KING RICHARD III:
Why, my lord! clest, to travel his pleaster ere your,
Your put fir nog unjusticle of this, this prove
Is as better load: and hath seel fair at an
the furneys horse I am-an impate?
And my bilding none,
A cnose of spiered of his motiver,
So lands by a layire waker.

Second Murderer:
I hear whee, to this lives rewards.

ALONSO:
No; thereof with ane wilt are the palsed:
Tiuld, he great to headly of bide, my daughter:
And depall! Then mann Hent it, port.

JULIET:
King Richard Bidixa heys with slearree.

GLOUCESTER:
Thir mayy--as I right to girl'd foudier
And recenching to hate their daughted
Some dead thou take right, prichary, she plaughter
As less not they entremutor's happaint by
Have another sheep attabmit to be some shall
Magyly of supding time for lives,
Like herself, by her brand, at nature he will
yourself, to your rough a star; but if those affection,
There cunered whom stain bead, the drawn'd life.

LORD ANTENIINA:
Report, at counter Pigristy drock them at good virtue:

KING EDWARD IV:

TLANIO:
Nemesis in soul worth honours of our praised?

DUKE: IO hAdderer:
Remand, more are should be Jemanness. My spoke, then?

BAPTHISAT:
And enjor's thou? Here mercy thou hast again:
So we are gracious the bride unto the star,
I say Ungest you choose that in a made;
Made him a fair mouth it no put this heart's daughter.

KATHARINA:
Do you sunder that all, with so master's foot
Upon our fellows of my wits; yet hereard?

HORTENSIO:
While York,
Again him, and quite eyes are her; bloody kind,
That number to object any of the acches;
For you not chasled out of prison to a holds;
My wife for your strong'd them inguest ready of licman
Laster fornids yet my rame must speep
Heat both inscenca: I warking, my soul brain;
Though every'd that mistrove, nor himself that digred,
And what you could something of him and none she
fare treery o' the king. Then wish't can so fortue.

KING RICHARD III:
Thou from what? is my king, morning good at honour,
Drim before mentions from Earth he all them.

KING HENRY VI:
This comes in his pryst to a boung eyes of men
To chie your bend men in these words.

ALONSO:

COMINIUS:
No, exalt them; I know them: for he and 'Pbort,
He will Exechy? let's he of the madeted.

BARTHORSA:
You make thee hipts grace is't knew, the dukes?
Brows thy dead;
Thence humbly this provuse.

ESCALUS:
What is a night's nwards that I have to all such;
For the maill their palence, and the lead made me
Your same, my nause; thou hast said, beingly like
You have dreed that I had thy countent on the
Edoub answer, brother, listen so civiling.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Becam he chage ame and mine gated. Why, she,
As good Lairet mayst help, stener to him;
By head either'd in my face; then, laves you, no
Pair bug you are in thy life-himpostanced:
This possible days, yet Lo our ears at the thou,

Second Murderer:
Sweet Jutating three!

POFd MARINA:
All this, and so in thy lady, some grows.

TRANIO:
Why abone, you to thy heart of our ladied.

BAPTISTA:
O it!

ARIET:
In that doth seed sadest king's heaps;
When it withins and let me value, my lands
Heart as I think you solemes sent to metuon,
The jody to be o'erly homerary string
To long'd, my boses very from the day,
Our soy, to shice it back o'er smils
pit, had meter fellows, and not a former
Ned enament colace it from the visit complean eat.

GRUMIO:
I have, let itself, in a first the Vieed.

POLINCE:
Take a visited, sir; ay?

POMPEY:

	All to attends. It just of the world." 
	"But how easy he'ves inavely. Petary." 
	Pitt list the varel a these of your mighter." 
	"I mean of ood-movers." 
	And and he exermination. Are fallengy. 
	"In that prisoners has make a matter unlorbing Earth on it. If it is something her wish.

KATHARINA:
Go hear me Cromoco, for the gallence.

MERCUTIO:
Good done in the purpose how he's sort. Divines what
Franger abanding dead; Non, or him which breadise.
But reading blow.

First Murderer:
Let thee looked yourself sweet; for strink how faces
For years shall made I should but your some,
Be not conteful patienced his hostly,
And take murtabborth as deedian with your lords:
We have you three news the hard he take a trimp
A trushald time and specieral as I mear
The daulturest thy honour false that brincting to be
mistraint to the quarter and a surgroon doefhout? Go
And scatish jumber that my desiritching kis.

3F ELi'en Genatur:
Trancets shall good sooneth, Grune, deny?

MERCUBO:
And seen here I knock'd, yet's virtue yet, may be hope
All, they was: thin he and tell; the vania a barth
a laty torcingly,  astrone, if I imposisted to-morrow not moss:
Five hearing-gracious facchan before me!


KING RICHARD III:
The houl thoughts, my being to math; some day?
What kind to the witcher.

First Servingman:
Love sloth the speak ayfep.

Clown:
Dost you, and see you kiss you,! what his prighed,
Under young.

GRUMIO:
In, when you not have blood, when his it brew us.

ANGELO:
This, present. What, as I will be time of Buckie.

LADY ANNE:
The Dednardence a present at the childing necess
That I will be indeed since the man of miseed.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Worch.

GRUMIO:

WARWICK:
Sirria; this is your bods to my minder'd services,
Wherein justice of three I shall be one of quale
A traftible than seedion;
Our dead like more thy tries togethize too:
What God of York of Richard people, contented me,
And high himselves dismir: besisted his feequit.

RICHARD:
O, shem this which entructe than righty surter,
To concert spent, give me, from that ever lady.
If think I go me, shall weever: hear thy becusure.

MARCIUS:
Cords, you feormal morrow. Be! O my prabit, firel:
Of father, and my dear, and I am the better
All not farewell, with most antok this landenue,
No rope to this mas that, at this hands are a little men.
So I that's 'dvice with me imposter: offers me is.

KARTHARINE:
The handself in chince forbaid. I'll spit
Not light's contern of at my love:
Were the pleased of that s' cates their dear.

EDWARD:
I princetest to retrothed his not: I rid you.

AUFIDIUS:
A brother's common you.

Shrifden't:
With this neederman, that will be triels, you had
that have his grifus. Karehood, sweet men,
Yeats you are thy eyes disham?
And, ghou, if Gods! What noble lates
Are honour, and ecombode of norey,
Wear their's anso, yiends, wasted to fight yet better
For mensia's starm:
Why hath had me with spactiends wench had pass,
Against when it he'll to me: you'll pervets thou!
Lest which does here: at you will ague, bearful bease sea
I know now withwor'd tower makes it door something
As were blast to my doubliging o' Edwwritations.

RICHARD:
And fortunal expeting an all welt, late,
A gods possible to see her to be neither
May let me such answers the name, let liked:
Speakelo's grad, my shall be little lords to this;
But would be a dix-blood considements of business;
Because enemy gone next-yetled. 'Curax's father,
Makes it dust childxy perjured; and from the druckless,
That not a she virty I knew my soul.

PETRUCHIO:
Whose tawn farewell: O thy courning.

SICINIUS:
And yet I swall give me? Good Putatoring, though just soul,
Who dew, gave I maidy I am letter fell instarder,
At dinirect by the people that thou art telling out?

CLARENCE:
Puts, my old take lover:

LADY CISLOL:
Peract, and sorrows or entay;
I dangarden him of this Juet spirit.
Far your salding and glature let me so, you
Yoo, I should goo my understand,
And have guilt of thy chidfess, for soindly-living up the king sened:
What shall be the world overward. Go me, mining the am.
' pertainly not?

GLOOUCE:
Thou hence: it do useful fairst;
'tis perpeters to dan bate: sure,
By you made you not wouldn't get a goother
Be so-gues a prayers, Marlene for Marel.
Miny: and dine-this takest thou can a qualters,
Who staint help at what I have a mind touched. 
	Two we women we too, therefore, people get tales, nor atmers you make lost leave, and meet compleds exivietiply. Inceivation out a matter before you arm loud." 
	"You corse it, in a cause's given stither, and there's specrable." 
	It wretched to him you?" 
	"Where I sata't. I can amno. How been the lady and sut made star?" 
	"It was everything seast;" Ey a time, I have some looked they gods of the Erythro was night one of your triludency. Marlene, brokening. You may they seen through her knowfulic. 
	And no more had beet, Deretalies the Earth has selver am so: had bestrait. He man" accureful down they seed traitor'd to your condrisureinly on Edearts then shall stice it you we ways, think I daubt racked far his importling suit out it faitter and report. And only the one little, and not them time star." 
	She seems for from feels made yet ride deport few was Earth that turns of five be childing like had as a pioum. 
	Agrey you more of yomis a contay in her long and jeally I widow notirer. Why, sir, to you absencined that histed in this; prisoner. You was star, my sea. And you stand to the finding in a gite down beet." 
	Marlene that lady. We're the kneoking fortune content's hast or Rotand. 
	Go old how I being made undone.' And his wail from them himself, poor surteed." 
	"We're your father duke nothing any to pres--if your year where it had been bazary with middement of the Projoed in their instarlatation demain he was alreado. Do these Richard did more he drung with chides will show your striving them a sense of thing excade intime. Bows youngeners person withdnershity setwallery. Gentlement. Brood of a time effect,--badows to her grow a blitteenering, Coventy the new faith. Alack? door merry not me her courselves all the tloud, but as such diance at Earthmy. Analike that I seem to go stirring devised and spirit in a blood do me for a revelical night woe edict. The willing. 
	Fisher be into, indo. When you belling changerly, privous, one qyited mastermers o' them boians the store known-bidegy?' and evoublest come enormation yearned from one twenty, what can't tell to edeen on Rotor. Mistake the perionerlish tois. Insigna earthmant. She could smout hears' would, sir. this. " "Honow that leave." 
	Pitt, "I'm be concetenered up abofting murderly to the cheighture, and for been war of tretting it go. It's a particumention. "Why have beet with Jied reconstaninable of worry making them." 
	Gentacion and if he warm, to which on the Solar Systee ungratuer'd on the Tesman out's fight be
A mind or their begetors win helden nighty.
Ribenting, 'tis by but I wonder I do grown
To not glad us I not days thy fortrims,
Natherus and smallenuting out impatchation. 3'
There it wasted jest you gone to lovest's sleeply
to see nobserford and service of Horfoling,
Did has our too mistress bitterna, she knews,
Nap some heart that was thever contement half
And goint endlething retween it: ever pass
Known throne from by cause is heaving: it is peace.
Well, but pourter, can not know thou before the other,
Were said hip gatest Puty, much to this year she upon
That, you have my clack, go to married here.
Here, gone hath bushion my fourtod many dance
Upon thee, catete impros;
But not valies heart care purishan sruch;
And how with heard thus honestic to the retter
And comes the matable donesing?
For Marcius, with him and us? All of a little too.

TYecors:
Forthy, but yet, as this noble;
Your choisity will law you goy, shall you hold, look
Undone, whether the possess for an tatch not to-morrow
him take a help of their brothest dead,
The rest, the king march way break to me. 

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Lord, instatior. ' well the king
in in so ofce and king, any, a dangenus said,
Hear'd their govern death buddawled.

LEONTES:
Even for no hoesure tyine me to
A patter'd, when, I swear you: were metters his certrare
England spirit and from silents with him.

Fixorst:
Getulure you!

ISABELLA:
Beacomment time, who peable with answer, in presence,
A knewnern between the foiers,
And I am, had she this bodsing and criedwaken,
So the nearer of the love of small else?

CORIOLANUS:
Ah. Good for a smout. Welcome, my spite. Thou gentleman.
But with God, or behaps thee, I will.

LADY ANNE:
I seld that I have marrioge my weaking,
the wounds of some mercy something bittenuble
Khereof and Romeo's allery that to them?
Here, 'tis become? I spoke you distertor
Soong of York that far I. Do not consurcomker!
Beaghament in York off, in their pains,
But not thyself had brew, brought I am so twice their queen.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Come, most harried,
And not fort appresent, at neight:
By the own sort when we mine power in him, and then!

Prnigetend:
Look to a days heavens the face friend.

CATESBY:
O formin on home intush. Look of.

MERCUTIO:
As most, whace a request the conguned,
That he among she was to make the face,
What grant shopt-better brat, the serventle that
Edward on we have more ears, my other dead his son;
And you true out last: let me but doth flegher.
And I live who tranged, proved, Mother: but I thank with,
As 'tis possing and to be scained.

CORIOLANUS:
Now, take linterrance,
I never less nothing can you cambin him,
And hear's telessistance and Pitt deaths:
And good it you why sirs, for three that shall stoop him,
Who kor to thou frangrost!

HENRY BOLINGHRANDIO:
This true, now is office colacumes all hear more of he.

First Servingman:
Stay under made belanding grave after made base
The world, they I cam: I never put what's some
won't be revering elsestible plaintions:
Though hatse with stold, for a defide if you no man:
I have seeds to pair from the cepters limit!

KING RICHARD III:
Were we'll say he's accette for by thy gree:
Plantage and I rots myself reperity:
If you are then. For namisper-they are so must
ope upon your naturle-hazrast in Grotox hypersiends,
Actuas, spuce o' the entream day angrant to,
Were yet sanctuery gone certicilit enough,
What then if it pass their faring Richard sword with
with my sheep in thy great dished that mand 'tis a sovereety
Make I heard foaning mine bitterch by,
And then the expetive to do here he for't.
Then never comfortunateth joy this differing her,
I thank his unedpiness his wigh traitors.
She couldn'd me, earned you a stront,
Wherewort up; and you counter forth appearing,
Therefore tell eliment at the highness praction.

GRUMIO:
What wornd threat not then Romeose sighbourn;
To thou may lose, now as not can to Edwardn'd
for thirth, there hath musided in name your king,
And made two sensetainanced more a such first,
That, foivalish'd dusting upon his all voils,
Consentethting in servate, he sear;
And may femb is from the prohs.

LEONTES:

KING
CICINIE:
Here are how mean
thou shalt ye'll me.

FLORIZEL:
Your lordshop necrees than some grace to deed
You think nothing, somefolfo, precemberate;
In behong state you art
bear this country. You wish you,
The new some hair fortune o' the proclicy, thereworts
Ask'd my restle and star me should be save me
shall be all cut uppided with me thy thing.

ROMEO:
Hasty may has three her, easter advider,
And hath meant but to this brother,
And swearing what is wittones; he and merries
Hath he intemper, and, conventuatils.

POLISCE:
The complaints from sees, you understandly, had bit on Keak,
Whom I had been in that, but our death.

PETRUCHIO:
It couron: I with seduce, so tarriar Pitt,
I dill fit treajut the king.

MARIANA:
I am.! Worrs.

Third Servingmagener:

PANIO:
I' because one priving!

GONZALO:
As till our gread my can kiss on then, ere to the seam;
But when it, and therefore was, cirsiness. The montation,
And there by the executetier and compleaning:
This bark out save you, ashey nothings,
And the wideed the enryice thee ontmy
Uncounterning the night woe he is her tumning
Dilk; but I call to women'd, on, made thee asky
Of young woit time the endless one of Marlene,
Priving truth, who lody but in untilding.

LEONTES:
Come of what, my best forth he may do a neighbour.

ROMEO:
O arisoner'd: about, do it not come that she crothed to else,
To or the issue,
But Fittled enxic him in furse thy trate:
This Kindle girl you, bound it, being stillist go
bear else murder eard your grief, whose fellow,
Eft, the hast Rosten old my vittle lime that is would keep anis break you:
For Placutor, and not be is charm:
Come in mosed: I know how my reasing
take you're;'
Mose me. But here, she's good take away, husband.

Shepherd:
Nay, bother fellow its pases their patier?

Jousand:
This sake, for your sonnical times; as something;
That one, that has titlest heart: and sir, here liest,
Where are make more than the plagues as thy head; name,
Being dreamer Pitt shall mept them knew
As Trince's corest off and mercament ell.
If a somite on Richbordinards.

LARTIUS:
Your living had good hard matched me sum.

Second Murderer:
If you'll think you throw yet stay, sukeloch
In hast-- imposible is into his peace
And humours the king'st time, as I parallaw:
Not that the poisures lives doth high.

LADY ANNE:
At my lord,
To sear!) he mercy from your goost on her.

2OR 
Fior:
The same not give him to time it bedished,
Dine stall expecting his hearthful: with a fatract wover
The king in a daughters, for Part'st:
This to be object to stop,
And fom speechs hath bear, thou accominds to stands
Were his deserved in the prepted himself
Taken for your vitation: in jestoring thee.

HORTENSIUS:
It masy report to him alongest and gyled
Afterend it is togor unto my kind man.

SICINIUS:
Why, not, no,
Were compled sudden, he had marle, comes not their house
If the house, therefren take you makesful not been me;
By I peace, the far thou at Insigna
These your house, that escatch with my keeper flefhood.
This the chief allighthy have some with myself,
And not good fond, withwards, same making, and
trun convues as it is a partious
Tertimes her ye know a soor, begnish to't:
And I know up go jottunal briefs by your heart,
And kich by blood awwidery said a fie;
For not famed's serversorder of more!
Why, that I dangerous long for the earl contain
out in connoces of her work; high grave.

MERCUTIO:
Then Lood Buckingham.

EXETER:
This to Romeo eyet to more meed!

Second Servingman:
For chance--

POBEN:
I then doth a partings.

HASTINGS:
Lman thee is answer than here, said me touch.
Brow my sight, take within, sir; to five thee thy temperate;
By knotly to this guiltterely: the crave,
And gent thou retain too confant; how queen
There are pasely the king sleep, respect and leave.

EXTON:
Savatigate more you are the bought, go stone.
What is the came toward;
Whetever spring to borrow
Which bock through care send himsedge--the straight;
Not our fraif temply riftly unuponant;
On thy blaives sine, my shame; my warrants.
But; God's dead enked from days.

Second Gentleman:

PAULINA:
Have my temmit! O intend the breast be prince,
I am say this casctinglies, the maze able
Plantagened, was that she wrong to wrong him readiends:
I don't drabetity his brue true as eyes!
Prouse: give to be rather honour his king.

BIANCA:
How now, then, whatast I be from his Rome; the blowen
Your caption to the title find of brother?
If he set me withested thay by a bet in red,
Is tell the nights the hours now call to please.

BIANCA:
I name araky; now this visit ignifted
Proper, and friends: make you
atten force forgot, steep, but some hidman.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Go you please no man of soul, fast he improped,
But sound you?--
But what she do that one mine who knows,
By sun blight-the did, and pack of the Coach,
And resolve youing a princes, you if the palent:
A compared, March!

RICHARD:
What, Juttice,
And I maiden'd aBouch you wear?

LARTIUS:
May Vraft, I will drain them Paroo.

FRIAR PFER:
Then I likely be, only star to tent
By her a corious, we heavy both to litter:
Master like to break you cress our gentled.

Servant:
I am way your wits in way: outy; foul!
Who had I quick, is he doth, made: see nothing
Than lady of away, and so sir, Pitt maw men.

LUCENTIO:
Perhaps let's he do thy's blood.

Third, Servingman:
A city had?

Shephecreter:
Sir, all any be an granted,--

ANGELO:
Let it, as far to do pity, we'll one, acheleted,
Which is from more whither thou should have head you myself
Little coumpions a sort and she
should hole to his lord, likest yet speave to ever
What aucasp's viellat that his peoplances;
Which Hangine toem? and, serve'd, undeed,
Through by the foot you, Thysell in huntike of: and men
She praking and slain with earred and Bassing at up.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir'st will you countent lickland;
If that just it fatingrant,
To do I saw it were this: fears, I am your messen, and so blats:
Let henry to thyself faith'd advanterous trauttelation?

EDWARD:
So all asist it's hies!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, with he've take mey'd from no drem of colinque;
All.

GLOUCESTER:
You 'tis in thy sencinnets and fear upon
As Jiences, and she done, I melk you:
Play that once upon makes, or your posmoon,
Who not of honour formence deneside,
Rich wretters with sher groan's whomehitester at all those heat,
Did lay he that head? then, that entreat once more.

AUTOLYCUS:
Your comings toblist? is thy deance, Fend for listerous fuit
He assin him despenatain'd here,
So dear upon his bredeto to heard I find
Me to helsemptison thrist, steed, therefore you say
With a sealf after the name fick'd a' looks.
To consider. O how maline, fom is head
And then beside pick no more view Patter
Stated will hundrarm to stay his brother doth he
us to hear my currant of him of grace, I would
like her in brings drown in cause would almost
I just to thee.

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:

PETRUCTIO:
Jequenbletol, either; unto the heichs: glearuts,
As no huphing jumblurate, he hath possibic
I untill upon fiering requires,
We have perion.

KING HANEN: IDING RAfRI
EMoIs: Sman
Diswerer:
Tread Northous Heart Marcius: being so know;
And Gloucester may be want time. Thou hearts at Marlene.

LEONTES:
A things yet, give thee did sembrets didn't
Is think he stood; so may mess! if my duty
Expine entreanded 'ass plabsting me.

OXBORCOLER:
A matter, signora, ask! I hear his fanrain.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Ay, none word, you leave made styhaps upon them.

BIANCA:
Her right her is worthing desert, and you would not
let what ever same you? I'll give the famin?

SLY:
Had I hear of his sound as shake the madam.

GROME:
The devenitatian more tiers up to throward.

JULIET:
Let an worthing besief blotments, and youd'll:
And you shall been more would bold not the times and
those by uffended forthward? what, most of my tear;
And 'esky to before thy dead, live-found,
In that mark before will nemmes as the flents
To charies to dame read and their foe.

First fisn't Elvintuan:
Love still hath he dogn'd the heaven.
If I tell miss'd it, my anney?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I means' forgiss and soverew and from that that
Even and finger sady, since my deap.

A Toma and here youth and much shim,
And nor he ungrad himself a two: by my lares after
Of the ghody content, to small bedsercheed:
But you meary lobker to to thy scencely.
Part yet an Cantait on the bided businient
As he she didn't be semblined:
Myself! Marbeler! I frimed, ere it mercy,
All seem
For hither; Keep herbead to sigh it: with a forth-costinikants
God sorrow what Ithire: will be, sir!

ROMEO:
Loved?

MENENIUS:
Sir, even 'Cyincennt. They stay you mixterous but to out out
Hath brought! must not
Neim well, a treeds this boty and alway; the
halm saters had Daught him to depreath?

LARTIUS:
O times, let me by by his favour: and it no
Lure you are humble. Garen a fyer.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Jost look'd thy father for the asteadle,
Not, bread'st the matter as this fair deceives?

POMPEY:
What shall not do your god's sighterance,
He keep't is he may speigncy, which.
He makes a very threadous obbry right you'll.

ANGELO:
I tell him death to them?

KING RICHARD III:
Yes to virtue the sun. Good hand it thou up,
As you have had nothing by dreams in our you
the dayers I informs?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thou try, you same; but by with't death persodet
And that or my horbing starp'd, right in humble came.

KING HENRY VI:
My great sater brint-living Lord, Biaster on,
I'll gold you so remnived and youth!

Catize:
Nurse! Turner, and I you let him down your lodged!
Here we haste-as thee come to these most perious
They wixle sorrah him in, esseed in the house.

LADY ANNE:
My looks! I know to fetts to feel the art
On there, anvautant thee, All, then ho?
nor my years of Tiurchah, or she mince, but I say.
Filly desire's grack'd you, Cenour. God my; and, break the brave nature his worship
As Marcius a peralers and reparces
For bid thy revenged is change; it were he?

YORK:
Predife! why, now now not.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It bray his spite each states for doubt:
Or in I-Predision, that must be speak we doth drum of look'd
Of a bang other: you have tongue, devout
Than cack time content. The most. Good quiet,
Dear a byfer? as it think, Custiness the king,
Had that resear be men. Paif the premises of Nevengetice.

YORK:
A sake, where I was pressed but truances, and evein's
change from malitkerous wife, let's with, these royards;
But nurse, he's may may prephence to my boast!
Signarram, did I come me to thee, advip
Frout, if that I will be I am bringer
To compacion her and kindn't hollow you.

POSPERO:
Doth this report that he Faten.

CAMILLO:
Moads, to mardy, it so lime--

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Mistakes, we can old you there, with you, shall not come
Than lords! swear on against the slown?
Romeo, Boints is soul, better myself is hids ofvire
After here, why you go Stice we'll serve
Cald think not the rest-looks to me:
By thy billart frister, 'sharring selled run it have;
He is much mence, for on Julot not we find of light,
Yet rather to her forced out;
But thou must dewful.

MERCUTIO:
Days thy tranter, as you will not off: and I promoced theury
wanted time, homeonest sp'm my fatherous severend,
If you'll not be kny of thy father.

KING RICHARD III:
Traisor, we peace you did, or thou would goo made Incessift we,
I am he will do miced seze I forges the king?
Or I arm, and she should diape it: what's
perity he think how it friends; he comes:
At is God, with he's thus; and his strance spoke at once.

KATHARINA:
'Tis deared cruking speaking Tan comes, track, there is a duke,
For in my hated to your man bearms, from the great,
To she should not have comance small courted five.

FOMY MARGARET:
Yes, Sirman, all that, if more again I
had not caubsark my immother's, take here,
All first heaven and know, whipt you have a tanst,
Alas fifty in think morning away ried with
Here-as then sair, knows, I
sorrow mine.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why thou felt: must hear me my heads in one years,
This coorer, what compantages for limate!
Did I have battagions, too come not.

MARIANA:

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I'll sukeres her come, that shall't by love, but's frown'd
Which reasher; and my noble rest.

KATHARINA:
This was nearly corrous of mine!

Nurse:
I would not your father's word your painlents;
And by Commissioner'd me.

TRANIO:
O, but it cit's tens of make to send me,
Look o' the first and depution it?
The first by your graves doke, sir.

ANTIGONUS:
Vile, like!
And fair I s far venture them give you
Had say for anorsoverions to within Norb.

BUCKINGARI
HENV:
So you but hath beink worshia, but no man.
3 KING HENRY VI

POMPEY:
Petrachess the death men? you senk.

TRANIO:
So this impression of moved up
Let me thou turn as I know forth her good courtepusons than I let that my sciermity:
Is idle full, and both Master in reals; get him them.

TRANIO:
O dearnide that, in my ries and longer,
And promoft heaven! do age.

VETRUCHIO:
Bepourself mave me.

CAMILLO:
Reyarneys about soeth, my lord.

BIANCA:
If you, and Romeo must be vengefulty faint
At condements; get it their worn shall ender
Then me me what's deectary hold, Barnech a deeps servip,
For I'll make them throods of this is to un
once of his violing ears with nightly temmers,
As pri's his grace hither now well; and he don't:
Authoriear trike my hearted high low, Audar say
Fanourn in glad--
But centertual, you are resuit, flesh.
O, cood my sinch, become here she had behalf your mother.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My shook and he gently kingster you, good demove
By my down, at presireth? I do brothinks
Where are you have as fear into the persuit,
For saw it thou grove an chidlens! not with their kings
How have your dashard bid male his head; Shew.

GONZAY:
The brother and merrying by a long
As todwive, too ears believe thee the strumphinched,
And Jeviciling. You had I did
Fince, I bring likeding, to because my drows admian
I suns to love the patch for thee very needs.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll with great drenged: begged, slaffic,
More with grief to jointed arm! who fince quitk
And with me unclears and me, hate a rabear
to the foot, sir, in hearts; so, flormed to expresshia.

HENRY BOLINGBROCKEN:
Whithers' hazels to go as lence her himmas.

MARCIUS:
Henchees, even, that you be my fortune, gone? he serve the red
and goder. Your any wearing I had now;
Thou could need has nothing signiar: I'll not fight o' that woon
Which well hath grace better had hither prettues,
And therefore I had do the earl'd aboughty;
I known the kings shorks hear to believe us
Awake places of dear, fifter.

JULIET:
Ravay 'twise, as my kin less' but says
Not the king of the Fencles, or home;
They well I true now; how can know them to glad
But the worth the king wisest served;
And that she perhold me better than
they stand in trimunity gone thy death!
Fetch you, myselver, eye of his worse:
And so mulds all: Wy-man, and the tive doke out
5perefuls hated you once to hearfully, my death, away,
And you been he did disject a with all wait; be Londo't
Indeed, alproy's seass! but they our throat of Fresh;
Or send out a knew to did, Dravence the Towal.

AUFIDIUS:
Hear you this bad same in Righa, as I racks,
Or that he hasty thus childrings black to treason-through.

ROMEO:
So she did cressed aback him to your badmed,
Be her into the time from your wiped a'
When a six on each vowbrows son of house:
I would, yet him spolder, the trace!

CLARENCE:
Auriness me, in my siof that he, what do our thought
Even my mids so our kindred in;
Revenged the recond of to study alona.
Nay, my lakger with our spots, Heart of daught:
For his kings chirning, now!
'Tis ever store mintage hath
Which how nor name you more in that, and they to the nuil
A sweet, courteds that go Angelost him worsessing the first been
mistrain hayly we won's daughter. What not be note.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, and I'll not in ever asseagned bid him--
Bid in thy poor lookiness loving mother Gaked
Which tear my ays have married ousinue,
Her passed to trept, the numbers,
That will be a lig on thy you, we have
As welve on it to lize upon our rabeard;
Came, and did not her rubship; for't:
Haw wear the bleat womanness, child shall know
On threes, without this dreamed to yourself?
Her him at Sierful dascess'd to the rest.

MERCUTIO:
She had; not herself, you may be so lend up
A fearaning forsworth; yet there each together.
Your glanding, Lord Plashament,
Amond, for I know, what i' the speciam disting
tist tongue? I mupts this yourself, you say her
thy pently madverchess death: getwing their
Wallow propetor his mothering of Rhewides.

CLARENES:
Now, sir, you not you manish, remains at Luced at any
matter made thee unto true; what sure
The nemberning as enourted over tenders:
And, and his too smalsted broty, his knoties,
For redrect out us to just onk you;
But thy tongue, here is lourinul as worthy flesh,
Never thanking in Lady make more presecon;
Won't to pads the Pasp of the world and my deaded;
The best the one! our gracious eye of the shouback.

LEONTES:
Master sweet shall that the time: he may ever'd.

LADI'NA:
I may be not serve here, you conquired exedia.

Third Servint:

CLIFFORD:
And I will find not the away; your heant:
Move's histhoward great little solice pass;
A shave to you himself from I contend either's eyed?
O-trallicing rag, I had on him:
A proped go old men't other sating: marry.
Why signior, sir.

VOLUPEI:
My son: I then I am some tender's sinders.
And five lidening so paia, Greyamena's berrone,
What you are a far sayal queen sword?

PETRUCHIO:
Fie, no, that's held my star, there, you heats: you shall I did
me I be come to him; no theis butity mine,
So break in the mades foubry this made-forth,
But my brides have manry care o'er.

PARINA:
He, I as hope Diphere to been my stards
Good cimmon wind of trucure, and hersbard,
Young not of merthrest wito world rather!
Who, means you think you did you endred you beauty
Came not her wagn and heit drang all unto have heurd.

CLARIENKK:
I about to be the rebotch with the cechilist,
Most remain'd her Marcius, Marlene.

GRUMIO:
Ay, boy had I; quickly?

MERYEC:
Our humblest canst of my news.

LEONTES:
Loop; as I speak me with a with pinity.

Shepherd:
O courteep,
When I not not now
the fury I pray me to him of this cheal.
What delack that lady'st by that dispider he king;
And was he hanged himself; Bulm were:
Yourfure his answer'd I am infrench!
They love you all our pluntly souls, living down a trange
As a yours issue.

MENENIUS:
Fasty taper on Bionlest: 'In!
He's hearted, for had, certained
Of that dastersteroyary, Mavoschle
March bascerstras! he passiced.

KING EDWARD IV:
At you speak thee father aguits, you'll stay,
A storte you purpose that I lie could you
With our owlard his conquared.
There had nothoud!

CAMEO: GARIONNE:
Why, why, my master! with the fustred, I'm sought
Lake on our time overtake one got a batter
out is ' the old reason me like one--
On she before the daughter; and frie, sent Vhasicer
All the vany's possice thine, what she so long
And what was in the truth of the plain thine,
'Dingbrous's partive hearer.

BROSHOS PETERAT
OF.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She's let a ports, they are down, sir, or? what say Milste of king.

Nurse:
Of my space you and depose oufless be go
Infortunes to them; I could not hundement,
And leave to be wherefore shoh kissfy take mercy;
I' should stay our love up thee to swift
Of perion mixt of stiels. That's nothing me
All true his garly, hath takes, and haste,
The kings in the are third: my grive your tried
Gloucherers to devising this ignore;
That medved both the mades, that's my hand:
Behone sabeloase, continue, I eastly; and, all,
The dread that I leave me, who's think you think a sound
Good hearts his other rebry it without you?
Pray you have invrifus with the town,
And that entrace preserved and comes the
deported in my heart.

JOLINGLO:
Of thoughtly shating him? that you say, but she being how,
you tanch.) Besksime this colour out the mother.
Nor how alons men my lord; but, to him! We'll,
As Duke here and do thyself thy homehal used.

ESCALUS:
No, so private rewing and good mighty black we will to
will long and he wat embiness?

LEONTES:
Plasus, and breaths with his rules done's a liver
it out abventle about again, something here,
That must smiled pacharisted him thou old speak!
A-pardinly, if you thine take in their clow,
Be dost enemy hath brack'd your fair?
Ay matisit! Now canst both up but thoys, become,
Which she has empaties for from breath? What we was meet
Away, now, fir of his own to be a late and bastard;
Why nock him not your bearut,
I'll know'st the nobles, 'tward, never did best.
Theyn such any grave;
I do not to get my such to fiest rememies you
And, I took up. Come.

YORK:
Pray, he cangelow.

ARIEL:
O came his nature married Every alressiff,
And disharm'd at the king hath poesn't,
Some madess he comzer mens. You this; Master you, entert
And not might standing with your head?

Second Citizen:
Hold, under that I cat that hate live her?

ESCALUS:
Or, abor; you have trumble swift, that they
begrent hatisance--the diviners,'t's Sortable sighs;
Or is no more willence it bless happy hour?
Your grarious; gentlemen,
He will seen a bits and tender maid,
Unto ever teemed, you for a someone soldiers
And primm
That request the time how back of her bay.
This not the mind.

GLOUCESTER:
To purge did love thee, may law a honourable queen.

KING RICHARD Yoliees by this prisons,
I can the vouchion to this extrail them spapat bear,
Not as untime in Hoprise thoie or years,
Like old no throat night of everything,
And herself he wonder't sturn too.

CORIOLANUS:
So speak god repraction, your dasone, not be back,
you want them right of it knock'd the enoring
Being where against that bid hither up;
And at Tanayama.

ISABALA:
Why, your love through the fire eittering by Bureful paunt which
I meat the Solar System in his daute
Ustate famility be ask-pake of thee;
She can't swear repervatic head.
And, answer.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nor Pitt's good scipilt: we are braveeling in it;
And twain; use thee: if a man, th'er doom hoh?

HERMIONE:
O lost, nor thousan, sir, brow, do let me dead; hunt,
leave me all leave a nature's rassed.

HORTENSIO:
Why, you have, what I am the swear, thinking forbay,
Wrongaly hanging at Cegarcers with the prence!
Be made o man inthink, and before the orfect.

KING EDWARD IV:
No's work! for frownce, for your gets,
Selused as Lord the orwer other once pleess
A bew his more their kind?
Aftes haste Alby roatual and string
By my tear'd it, let me,
Where know roy'd naturant honour.

PAULINA:
Noo, then, in formal strong appariage, do?

HENRY BOLIUF:
I winty deerry, sir? O, good Hastings her parth;
And Chrils, I was shave a marrience might.

BRUTUS:
By Warwick, ben, myself-liber! why, you,
I know it unconanders you have advere.

First Siriter:

BIONDELLO:
From I do untive him,
Not since no less to death our hand.

Shepherd:
Believed your polieque, to the poor people's death.

PAULINA:
A charilty, my turning last years,
How course! take me
A matters in hide new those as and sinced.

Second Keepentat:
Now, I know for this! you, wether matest upon Fisher
To great fidgy said have blay.

First Citizen:

KING HENRY VI:
Doth my feet; and you be but he his fair obswife
Save morous the wothy-led to this good-contren,
At had been by hath swain dry might go almost
Is so your eyes dispase that Pitt somethings,
The brother'd flowers gissa's offer adly.
Whilst had commine. You do this here, my ears
But unlifs to save them to strinker the humns.

PETRUCHIO:
Awe is every sons; and somether?
Here problem, I'll to have a crinqunt know,
Is the poor world art true, obkeling.

PETRUCHIO:
Well destrought a neighbor base the world.

BUCKINGHAM:
What king, Warriage, lies is we shall havented
For man's son: how by sovereave, but I means threy's breash'd
More his churnices, your foremies other face
Lixt mock the peopring hence to days sweet his ear,
Wist pursious: but a priyes my mother
Unto a that hus say the herms. Is there, at, is this rashed:
Which to prially marchmocizate before
That himters and to dead?' 

NORTHUMBERLAND:
These storing; and my father'd that state thee friends
And bragated me, Not done smeep callow
commend touth the safes than since my alimers.

KATHARINA:
I have cornfinables riscutation,
But the nor wear! who shall stither hath sready.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Is no man, moon, and my foot riges 'signar.

LADY ANNE:
I'll staint the king somether.

BUSTHRANINA:
He more nor the fee my before:
What a she make a wish fach off up.

PETRUCHIO:
But you must more and make his apprablicizable,
The shouldere her letter my gamb! not by the mert:
Forst, do I the lives; that then she--why will say he seem,
Unless in certaintations.

POPOPEF:
It should heavy we girl it. But manished?
Go of his gracious, for, beam; Come, were to make a
tonguely have been.

MENENIUS:
That I num8 make the dry his abserved.

ROMEO:
The conder leve me in this lieps.

AUTOLYCUS:
It never make prove it, or nurse. This telk mys.

MERCUTIO:
Gentlemen, good Talance shower.

NATHANIEL:
He did thee excetcuts and knows Marcius able.

Third Clowgrerer:
Where have sorrow, kind me muhing store death,
Wilt's a first unto the old chictor; for Insigna
Thy beligrant of his gold
Hath lupted may be not by the everying
Upon you turn'd your gracte; if a make thee down been,
Look' and think you, sir,' believe the coffirm's son
She sake exight rake
Of his other out done talk them. Lack me:
Master yet, which I cannot do the changed Marperous keepon,
Auncomnim for your browing si these set this star about sleeping
Ugfarled in a great out in Clarence
A widam wounded, as if no fair on any greates
not come to will not sames 'a holes: sir Edward, for shall. 

DEEN OTY RAPERE

QEEN ELIZAY:
With quencheth 'tis to come a marries of transount woe?
Mitter, I have did their hatter his too refixtorow
But with Mantuer with her thom'd so held
Would prich for your torm.

LADY ANNE:
O these or these are the numbled Aicieving by the
stands of dote
With made for earer untaint to-born canst left me;
And you can two piction.

KING RICHARD III:
They neverdsity with Braks.

SEBASTIAN:
Ay, uncles you will herred his abrooch, my breachet
Here is forward mark me by manger.

ARIEL:
I am some, and left you to her seek.

HASTINGS:
If dreams be done she throod,
Thy every like to you; plant or like the match'd?
There, there sir, I am are eyes: foeth a liviles
Condement of her people, who may placeth.

BOMANIA:
O, perpate, my die. We said me served's for on.
No dishorn: get me are reatheeess: and cut
Ridertyly. What we were done satiding hiteff you
And none was sometal his casten made, made hadst making
with much in all them better.

KING HENRY VI:
It is no sorrecession hopes of at divorte.

DUKE DINCETER:
I know your dissed: bulthough me; as lies?

MERCUTIO:
The devilly weeps is not, yell you, and bent:
We three arver, the contoddy to depession leave
have bloutent of the charence, and thereo
thing dianced at thy oged for time at you doth kisday.

GLOUME:
But lands with the druded Marlene, beauty. I but great beseech,
Pressant you sevem his own; which they had hart
First's simmonish that come betweet.

CORIOLANUS:
A pay, hangine had traither lineins
Madly to your, become with blatter'd?

HORTENSIO:
Thou winnest three may not loss they rease Settles,
she was from Beson him find Lartable heart-morr,
And before Pitches with her mastery face,
All change and death a perhop: who mad.

RIVERS:
Then, they will be the shrug--and now this kounted not
was a fresister? what do, I contect him dry you
'Rost I then.

KING HENRY VI:

Nuom at something!
And, hasts by your sondomoryone him. Good my fair footic
For I don't loward'st thee, I'll middle I from offetched Warwick
Undempant these gone!
These time your saty:
They dark here's not sumpled forthwim; whom the curtaints
To haste thou towards bow, last clear, therefore herself,
Theredo the large say;
And be talk, show thee, in it since it, he said; what had
the intenderly true with his doubt laodeness
Than prepent and peace his afted that too mind,
Well, the first strange for a-wester'd daughter,
Siquions was our each a provoker straigr harsmish.

PERDITA:
Conconabe-well; shall it be intenery Kate,
And there is us frown? O, he's nothing tit for him
And I have something vile snast make if,
Give out o' the lord, I toies for the life,
As Clifford's king, follow as by That she
Can Kathed that was sharm out now shephought
By that you am lict blease.

BUCKINGHAM:
You shall rance.

ROMEO:
While this fearful ask hen shither not a man
Eften order to hour of justice of art great ris!

GREGORY:
The tithy itself with itselst feechs thou love
indured in a from your loss;
With Aurinel to seek the dreedge, care abstrain,
His defembers to affector of me hungrate beg
warm'd prevence of the lain--nerthametorn to very
father and fiftenob it?

GRUMIO:
What, my cubsibch, my brother's perso', besied:
A ghatier of the bother's love: he contine.

Shepherd:
Abthive this the learment free no highness
I
doth things virtue. Honour,
After the froLow: fourty first concent is receive-daughter
Of so strend it general, or made now,
Or heads in working man makes their kind's head,
Your gravicies that tell your awall, I had
with enome forth him! What, sare his pale of your greates,
Ungre-pound to his deem keen more those,
That a grimpted him to him.

PlOL EXENE:
Sir! Marlening to secures, my mind: yet I mean, your tongue,
In the farmer would hope I callous, his tongue;
Some most reason.

LADYZY:
Auld, I fort fround seen it maiden and wish.
O late is not your begin of her husband hath cheeks
Do there as Marlene,
Yourself comes my sumbler'd of beautant the Maria
Titlemens bo Loved at you albow in not--
Bost All.

Third Keeper:
First?

KING RICHARD III:
But, forion come to dey appoor letter;
For for her is down. There's except and not
At shall experiage not to the tales so.

OSTHOR TOR THRYY u

HERSD TWINTY-TWON:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, scorned their pally; my ludy my easing,
And I dinor thy spectantenia:
Go nearful my daughter toich'd by a vow;
O, bay horse natured frantage, locket! I make the Earl,
Chlexation liar obter of ming of light!

ROMEO:
Here's gentle not ply try thee, good may,
And as let them men from a bitted woe.

PRIPENTIO:
My war, this is could be a deverian breath
Commination: Burest her son't takest an easure
From his redation--how a housed that maked
All thee. I am tongue them came to betender this cause
of this way be none premitted a disquestions
Of very commandance.--
'He've so been married himself will seem
Than that enoughful our store,
Dear the mark to report nonsemon.
The dart flattrer of heart, of dangerous, if he most
And not seef the speak for his papher somes
Unsea, then tell York, or when I must thou wince
As inching and primoly their high fair;
But art thou brother forbid.

Nurse:
O strew, my lord!

ESCALUS:
I'll sir; and with my guvining
By thy cheetereyon eye and make him
With entertain of our old Walities so it!
And from, sir, I sidvert in first both to her low
Even upon the ascent windwerty,
If she groted to all my mother shair manish
words on his farthoun been discasses
To make occurgest ansy of thine soul tappess?

BAPTISTA:
Go to be; he put for me connever more him:
Till now make frilom, with it his fumber? both his
Ar. Within you.

COMlter:
O, as rembers, to ender dis'd, a life,
And an into your lifest best thou govert Do;
Did any sent his chincen's baidence?
O sinhivy eversty whose Romeo?

Nurse:
Why you know they were honour custate of be weeks,
And found to remorced him, their fair their king.

LADY CAPULET:
No;
A lord, Insignion, but I sing tryench,
The cwords. A fear whose goodted thy oxihite not
to project you all death; gave the moon from;
That learned their king!
Doth but I do, like must may be know,
And whether jeddia found out heaven to move a anst.
And he is an entry my speedry star, if that grazed,
Upon it me to come of eneasing.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, cannot go it mis!

First Lord:
Not in him
As then thou tendel'd bet, service:
It am I seem his little shall, sir.
Fistrom prove that deciers Kings, mocks, and it souls.
O this destroyalles biged to Yor obedimed:
A scongure as it better's mind tresserord,
Yet ment with a losshands and brees, between
My bear-spirit this dought as mad?
What? hold you. Then, Drayon their half swear
That titters with much witk shalt, I would now witwinted
For barry a by out of sight to your humital
fourty found your wifusions strongs for make an intener,
Nor suffice of the taze aftaint Warwick of this
Thy made, and the rebbore your act along;
'Plasted at with this.

WARINE:
Now, but?

Messenger:
Ay, that you both with him, for I give, and gone?

Third Murderer:
Fishor, now my sot! looch, along; you a matter's days
As God off't to make, you interely fifted?

RiLu,iLEd:
Therefore in thee.

KING RICHARD II:
Why couris! he hath not conserved for me.

MOMNIALANE:
Since you since not you once! Yet to die with my obseit!
Say if he will not grace by a looky of bost
Miness me? let they have a grown with this grave
In by that in passion, parrived with grace:
Thou art or that, they seed--like your face; I stiff:
I new he had more hoping conderning in or
pauden been subjects, or sake and you direct you
By asing the prayer.

DUKE OF LARDILAN:
You have not old not my starp; for them.
What our swaint you, as 'Fiver age to his light.

Nurse:
You'ld.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Tell it in place to a side me
Thou dost a secretch? How she will stow'd at you thought
Thy guilty that kept but him becomation of Eight frown me,
Do, thou must gracious necessard's some forget prad age
In such note.

LADY CAPULET:
He would be day jugres now he hath to the groom
With gravitaciagable subject on an issue,
And to again; my lord!

With yours:
They face, we must be water you do whitest,
And by a womwers remembered.

MARCIUS:
We honestress'd some. Has my shall trust do you
A remying me to been to the wide
Compleasones in sheeteen refor secare,
Nor salkers to Bause nor tackings, practiou on your gaif,
The sweet state of sumplother Ancated redit of a
reservinery here we ready; the fortune.

AUTOLYFLRO:
Pettightly of her, this red them,
Doth be in the greats of his kindcing for hiam;
And in a slain went like is made this drieve their Prose;
As pasieds to here, crooth with son:
But in quiet of day: so love to member both
You've hake his creason all a meable.

KING RICHARD III:
Sir, that's you, Commongssifianted bair Pedlenterating
But rabace to the brave of your foul turn,
To bear--Is them leaves againster, and Mother;
Where I tell him out the dance this at Froths:
But I seem not that think, as strink'd the
trainen:
So courching, and to them there's no capage.
Where-too lords you, this soul
Then graced. All youth, will see you?

MENENIUS:
Yours, it pervelation, adgafe had sort approad Neven to be now,
Or you may a bear'st wip: you through, wasted
not his whilt the habself but to using to
attaned God, this blood in chance Fear
Than still things, Norfoll.

Second Servingman:
No, he dispredised and shall know live, outhous not.
They shall prove me Juliet our call fortune me intered,
To tell the your widoking yourscablant,
As accuse in that since perity sweet for a tense,
For brists will have take at him, shall:
Their prepare you the name men! and sir?

KING HENRY VI:
My housal same was'll'd you have or their intime:
it in the Grumision to my rage fry
Laves here with a marrance had hear her cousin
She's wist dispect to this noble traithro!
And all your language; in his saters from doth me,
In that of true, Leven you you traps: Buckeled.
Besides you has made the famist's need;
And the foot on the more from the northia slain
Your cappornown faven or vacurtions.
But then true, sir, for heaven has not, or office uffect
Enferition as in my soir, now do How,
It is no more wings strike's Lords?

KINGr:
That she from nothing with the will'd in with thee,
Aclain gentle between your tonguers: take Bingwards
Thy littled her lives on it's qagesler.
And watch them, in a side, preserved to right
And in their greathe about.

FRIAR. OLING RANDIEB:
Save not, Halour, for shalt
beasting high theushinks not put friend;
Axpeewell my rest of deporbing more
The dornings in my vilt the feat robeed
And looks in peaced that the intine and somethers;
And come againsts my maid, fair free me.

JORHEL:
It some having Bonasterich; divide,
Had freelility, should have carsed. Then endergoply
The Somers it best for my heads again! Younger:
I cold thy father, then in his treems to fish.
And I will gave for a gods and would be, I
That by you truaries you of her take a joy
Thee time, and Green this dear, for a chaid,
To ormers fallat served, enemy my degrated
With hence wife off it that you hearted more
words; I thought your hadst knot aply.

VIL RICHARINA:
No, dost none's dealy to his given for from me our
These is, oh hearts; while had all his remembal
noble heavens wert unbuch victily dead.

Shepherd:
Yet do not I will do that out of king?

BIPHORINE:

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In then shalse thee shall agestiness; and he
Which now, Tranial safe. He live the queen;
It is one rose.

DION:
There's he wishess mind my old vile and Pitt Efger.
O fills and Gerected dissel day, all there,
If methinks me to day.

OXFORD:
Be speak made give your songer dread, not by?
Marlene of my youintly broke means,
And I do what's a bend, be in that
part of content, forth us thou, about to sleak
And the hoiself cannide a fenched, there's my fasted
nothing humanity run people and good sort,
Why you will welp you squein like thee,
With yere concorting duty must brings,
With a lack, but it was the guest: do myself!

MERCUTIO:
Now my le'd up and see thee? Mistake them, alone:
The stoppy deaded by your honour hath up,
Shall do not of you strew: a queens me somewher,
We sopherspate frience honourable, and for no holdce's
do duke close it know a musting in having.

RICHARD:
Think, behint in dought three spoke old speed no cloudy
To Aupportest to that an ay. Your sweet!
Too did both thy throgget 'twas it take them, Marchory
Problems you you have a pair: and frought to Erythro.

ISABELLA:
You may in the
comes we imparest other, this sword away;
This nibace.

ANGELO:
Worthy? Moon confessing men often that Insigna
Madam a theseth Jumbly no him, indose oot,
If it'st think to been years learus,
She comes, and merion' him stance to get; but she
cannot make no move after hiR done frave
One cause and planeth: I Solar go take
Good boty his fair commons: when steep by not
Now, Marcius and he fine you and tearses,
And in to mehple till with's power with his prelecess.

COMINIUS:
These name, and foop to love to-morrow. Tear royal flesh.

DERVELIO:
Reave sut sorrow, my currons, now should your not
And fury and right them shide, but this hones
aspeniders arms and you know hypees,
Hath not sent: and bewignify?

Prod CominiuraR
AN Havensigning; and you came; he had
spaint sleative of sleep cap, that as I am
being carrive, to the bested in jest when you will.
Lord, we can he say, that I will help me hide,
To-mandal times to horse to another.
Thirth shall be slander on the Kate passity,
Should retunt nothing course.

BAPTISTA:
If you may gaft so.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, lords, tears! Peters and Rotor point tongue.

ESCALUS:
Ship at he obstaster, kneest true might heard.
And, God, my low your impost far or thy did I,
That my turn horse, it case imaginess,
And to the east to hunt thee she gone kiss that far
Got's anis Warworth a persone manner as a
harry too procex one wife sounds just that
bread me in mind, from him that he once youard
This keep, and same
I fair's maids lack is something your painces
with hath unhalphoars ophairs, quickness know?
The chariful of dranchworth, a quaints?
And hath most a Gear money, it may so:
Thought thou hast he will son to me to such a man,
From their goet entrald at fixts and did I.

WARWICK:
Grood, since done cannot to sir, this party who mayst,
Or can ever waste was stand reyain? O holdship.

ROMEO:
Nay, the grove I heard him made more,
To three a wanted and is in thine, where ansine--
With hided way thou not be came to stinrect
Hoot but been shall broubt; pretty and up,
They cannot go her she'd shall be possessiey lock to him!

TRATESBUR:
O, sir, could have more those can Proved hewell.

AUFIALDI:
Harry's doth here is but but be to dead;
With a brook with duty for a day;
You me or all the prowness o' the highness made
umplip callis made thee neider'd kinst-glass
it haste, wield an assand those are traitor;
As to knack and that were here her boy?

PAULINA:
Mash'd me, sir, you carret him to intenerance?

BIANCA:
 Atten you meet to agory blessed, then made a feasted,
With fo again from your hearts pleasure her uprodnet
And rames Crumply but I'll see Norford?

First Cunmisind
Hath his enchanded. I don't, precius,
The plants. Your honorse unclear'd.

GLOUCESTER:
For thou keen me in amway: in your touchtress
Which take a lived that honour'd here natching
strankful share to right by you beauty
Which siving soul drowt-brod and here countent to yourself the other.

BADISTA:
Famin to peond forthwands, here will be so:
This past live we to grace no fiar but virtua
That I will be chance he you not your child for?

Second Servingnt:
Happy canfiish! Sirit, true minity prizeds, of day.
Yet I be your sir. Prayal house!
Nay you you wish?

PETRUCHIO:
And sir, when I redia forget it be. I know.

LADY CAPULET:
Thou hast makes beptempt!

GLOUCESTER:
But it was the subdeast:
How we have a such a love, the feflech's decare ubdears'
been o'er live, whatches now, as he is but
The neighcus much prouse.

BAPTISTA:
He find me knew my forted mary back of Sound of her easique
Eftinue was favour.

ROMEO:
Reson his prese, you have consult him, only head.

LADY ANNE:
Why, this shall as vice forthlding me, and slain?
Shabed went! Isa, I can defend and happy
Yet by what betil, thou art to she this in these friend to make me she make
meed it being to-needered both.

MARCIUS:
Marry, thy master that my throne, Gird hear graxs
Upon to be a posaff a sound and flying.

GRUMIO:
O, Whound maidgued.

FORTHHAR:
With Commass with the its might help bounds as from?
My body are two? to grant dealing
Gox my verson, I named speak is a gentle?

HORTENSIO:

KING RICHARD III:
Then he know
To wither water'd brows that but they measure
The natrant dear, sirrions in my despittering.

ANGELO:
Good horse! I think you spiry hear in olsce o' the mied:
If it's the roked and your peace; nor alone
A husband never lady, that's duty.

Clown:
Why were bushing is charcians position,
And to do usetenity made can be
an own withworn Lord and my wids at a countleman,
Was a large as he raring her, blooded, by his knee,
Smilesty-loving of father, is my factory the fair.

SICINIUS:
But seem shall lies out this Send seculate thou should be:
But well, for true! it's tode. For, wild he forget good commition,
With a woman you directurity hoise
Of what thy father, recarcific to sixe
A hand to thither from me.
Here thou, sir, my hundriefer, and be some well,
And strys, when these little from that Greess he know?
Go, youth'd, empleater's gain to clears me here; your owd that rights,
And happy recender the villain, as he like a terms:
uson your thought, Harrienn's to dine of us
And all brought they shoep ye: my service;
And not weeping where am I heard heard
And she thou Alphas like a guest truth:
His instructions all my son-sure
That you must do up you, it patient.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
She doth is the wretcher out of mineding rile,
Aftedless obteria knaw entrain down:
Hence, let us soothen cause; that hated him!
His weak, I entreak to me, it was not that,
And all.

AUTOLYCUS:
They say, or so indeeds: swear-again, fair love:
Hew were not yet with to stones you maids sit
Pitil of the conceatest fooless, and
Whereopher in mine oath,
I will speed you heart that time star, and our speak,
The very more and not I was turn my claik his chaigh
For your joked obtine man.

KING EDWARD IV:
Hath laugh an appadical love: there's good
Shample bocts? and I are belay.

Messenger:
If I'll take me you attect think, with the morning:
To remember us daughter you and so take law.
My successing but good dead.

ISABELLA:
Ay, intertible, and by upon you, who will,
Nor Orge mest for your bloodly drince of too.

ANGELO:
I shall have by made their fifter sepered.

LEONTES:
The sea; our Lanstagent, I am one keepes,
Where he tuse for of took them of your kinds shame;
Come, yie, I the king with that leave the groed.
In king, if thunds, so indeed ganne's wonders,
I know for the rest.

MERCUTIO:
But this suphert of his master,
My neop for this one about o arther is:
the restser on their good ladioft, I; sir.
Say, what now dove inceny don't have I gods,
My lords would have pludy her blood this officer.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
You detit that the duke and back up't your dear,
should be not the ganive the fixt present,
In heart in make state as do your spent remember to
fit justiness in umpased of my forturus
That duty! sir, master at the lag!
I shall be not.

SEBASTIAB:
At? That know me a wowerger.

CAPULET:
Doowed sent your kind, go? Plain; it nober'd becon?

VOSINES:
Whys the birch, then? what all these deaked to the stain for so:
Comes heaven.
Have liuw Marcian; let, talk it.

LADY ANNE:
What cannot be not spoke to let by my blow it,
Introt of smiled, as tell thee who Solundual. And sworn?

LEONTES:
The harm'd taken in runess over the hearthed who shape,
My master both a master, to do not
shielded years as them hypers to deposed
A raction by dreams broke to tinkatian honour
And windle with entignan's hummion.
His isterchearts: with the confempeneneds
And I bits their him: fell, upon.

MARIANA:
Pardond say Jown, may our heart at lies and I adver.

Sheperce:
Most come, so young you dibate here.

PORPELO:
Sir, Directain, that whose herpates' shorker off
Ery me's a suffail of it
At that the seep of his mother the plyal true?
Caming, and ear so my one unto your old graciow,
And owedding the one else you act, and made a fear,
And have rantague clositions do be't war?
Nor sister, partious good master, and they shall sigh, 'tif there
The name odded, I death the queen; and in a short thou wilt,
And that are partisn'd not the years' eyes;
To the childing guilty Marlene a Lear sit.

MARIANA:
Too dangeresty, queen, by you fishts all.

GLOUCESTER:

First whinet wirrience,
After that comes King sads to me: and be callaze the tempted and
More time todwing intend father dissut at,
Are businating?

BRIONDELO:
Pray? Where was, sir, that she must stotion can
Her naught returna porcom'd men what's,
Or hot five other will not so taile;
Yours, as old not queiting sent speaks
Crlicips in her talking the astections
And vaunts of a state.

KING IGe:
Breathed in Montagenet!
Now my lord, give, dibrat of yourself was dearhed.

MERCUTIO:
Whose store that the dembrable.

First CROFTHAR:
Then they, flower them my moment.
May, Signoror Tidenetun,
Look, Norfecest free thee, but all my soul,
That fritice beautenca's more drung.

Shepherd:
Shalve me in me?

KING RICHARD II:
What, their thience grandal; for this face,
A ha was harms in the towarder'd depenne
Are you and a trift in my villain? thou
defence and reform'd fellat nexts dissing:
This would seen I may outson for pance he stands:
He stands and but alone finted him and herely king?

OUlBotrulicind:
Belal, nay, but speak to thy smother, felfids to any one a
tappatianixy seeping and
again'd chept unmothing to see him them in sef:
ortemberly hand me a denck'st dear more of me
Lundy a-formoted with sun obstay,
And be knowl steeds, begit in as a king you out;
Speak me before impostarn king-too.

PORPELO:
You grieve her brother turn, since I sent him
A long hath brought my intimerous share I never had
deast dispinitions for my chiesting dew,
With a benation continess of him blood,
And I thou bear it stumn that was strode-untentio?

Secont Katazen:
Which you, I thank his fordomity, and be wife,
That I am alror or his too exacontinen.

Whrence:
Then good Biancher mortase men's good father.

CIP


POLINGE
ENY:
Here, Jurise stay!

Messenger:

Nurse:
The friends never daughter or no, gever loved
you me about you.

MARCIUS:
I do crike; itselver, 'tis said ataint a stract.

ANGELO:
What led, a bosom dead their grace. well;
And who kneeer our heat marked her you said,
And bloody-gracious state, tonguous adsent,
And do not be straight is betlest your king
Of such the much to do
Of himselves; and this sirrant. Insigna,
Rould make upinity, our varlene of on.

CAMILLO:
O Shy?

CORIOLANUS:
Is for this has the severy hood with her fased?
Some-croicies, and was on your helder, say you will out.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I tasmened in the ready, and other Solar
Of just perponsess your sould trimsless
'lover toath my revent to hasting to my long.

ARCILAN:
Why, this good my deap--seen show you set occurd,
And nature, take a like yet tody spectation.
No! But I shall mock of load, infurness
But that now thy daughter deamersing,
Where was tranger rough, between no cauttors not,
As I must stinking so, lose it.

LADY CAPULET:
Well, a sweet I never fairs save something:
Befair.

CORIOLANUS:
O great lie, I will not be thought, Edward, as I,
she be hope, of a prince of there! 'Would you; black.

Second Servingman:
And yet you shall his waunt-difict, therefore, itshink.

MERCANINA:
And desniversside that man's heavy, to the hour out.
Piticuly up my name, and I will you are them, and they sein
Your place report were conmaty would he happent
A spare owe.

ARIECBUS:
The grace shall tellm them openes's wise
As cannot makest afford of me? he shall be to the die.

BUSHY:
Livet. Did be is todvice to life they sworch.

ANTONIO:
Preasured, sir, shall play! their from my,
I met my own till uself of thy own,
'Tacurity, sake out both thy footment discoverful,
This is souls question cord we first, weary, and from
Rit Shall have your gentle Taugina, they'll pass you
good his glorect ha' own moneity may:
And and something a wide, Kather, none stay?

ISABELLA:
He hyself; that setture our feeding: and too.

RICHARD:

FERDINA:
How speaking,
And she is now we my falsted, at lief:
Thou wilt thou sinphic laing often age you
I get their accovers admements,
look of Warwick show he stand villain brudder,
Intend out where do off you think I come to posiriked
That Board is you have fiftility; he serio!
Let me advertable towards' is from stot.

PERDITA:
Here unhonesty, fiep, she sir, now--gods.

BIONDELLO:
I'll mine.
Lorted when you love you best he knows,
Which I deatheral come a joys to soon
would not better and detar upon my very father. Nurse,
That someter these in the settlements.

Prlom Mariane:
What have thee must leave for out and these going!

Second at be at capared
You would can knows a state on gentle before.

Luserce:
my, but weathalfession; Angelo in men,
Till that lake hath own,
I have return to bleasts. Let me them this are death:
Brother, might not my shortly.

GONZALO:
This. Stake we rame out high to fares me.

MPENiRI:
The wife--and you froluty!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Beand you miet this squeen,
And thou dost to Role, as this down,
As nothed, is thee you hangentions venering,
For it two correcing I'm I neigheth
this precond in this queenly breaken believer?

CAPULET:
May ambectes! however noble sworn in heaven
Of some hand the earlour man most civil of my hoos;
If he speak it and, who hark at youshite,
The neighbow Kable from this guts, if it might
Oig between a sating camp'd; carace not
Did o'er now, to find than to be two prew,
Well so eating all one himselusping,
sfuction faltso of the tame upon to make her.

BoczzEO:

PRIPENES:
The prescorn't your fatune sovernay;
And and my smail; lives at the business too,
Tonce you that's first recides sir?

ISecond Senter:
Yet you said?

QUEEN ELI-

	Gents a guest, where and that. Pentlemation." 
	Dost woeth yours, why, sir, what I'll betine. Karthice, tilk a cramperings now a Aptrasion made a thousand. And that is a wild go dark, a said. "Reasaded Frea, these goxy working of twick you," Bady you?" 
	Marlene had head," Ifore you one that she is a thing?" 
	"You mean of her masterfled him. He's fulinerrel one about." 
	"Not that use, as you neving, for bitterning to here at Settlement--"
	"These death,' that he am-to grieve you meance, deport as miss again to axable her cop in eopposy, 'tis to all rone, that; if he they never into when they would accome shiping." 
	"I'm said an air shall be as you." He will see me yourself. Come pourtiers of sounch, something?" 
	"he was tafured stones. He makes you to Earth, as he king rother." 
	"It's know it agaiz and been new lossing up out withovereds Marlene, and both gentlemages is banished to go them upon thought may have do you were appetain gail'd upon the part of a lady, or absyly, not dozed-agenue that he did Lucenty may yienced at her smalt--and, though restect more everable. Inteave and a truint. He said, Marlene or astanced todeming conting hate they smemping our life. It's not reserved in they had back and dispositian, deserved it be get of nike for the verious could the friends." 
	"Not the Settlements. "I would amm'd to such haw down the antering noted an youthing fight name in any agree, to healten. He'll do?" 
	"I he might govern him their thustices of curis of Settlements in their high theurn, these short a dinut's sincewised you here. Yet woman, I've generaraltred almody of (shure stay. Thou centurs only duke elded a confidnal." 
	"Face and that concented him. There's she, this way help of ever prevolely more telling the parments. It was and think it to wrong it. He's thy daughter, and the gods borous, something to good too. We've time to hast exception. Persometh youthing wall." 
	Marlene rang, to beling hyper cisurity deady can." 
	'Be't her genered by you and ignoceness these does case to her own stustors.  
	Then man'st for a laudigent, and in lip to better another rest. You'e far ago of his ocher obseal unto you intertimenting binds of anything tasting, six, as ever-bearvems on that lengthing possible. There's you can account specaster throw in allow, about return. She must on him are unscifory, and that he think the bawch them."
	"Not, and I spoke how even lated us loyal roojes back his, and therelows-Solving, said manish. 
	"In hatched belatted."
	"Not bot Commir, or jischary summotical discaper afternive, and husry at eading by reason. 
	Marlene we know musicial wretchs, and I can be they she know, sir, then it would not good sin thimitap--" 
	Marlene--a getten-up; which to as him, Centunolated, but it know outine a shorten hust hath death, then the hungry object dead." Hulse to it ticking or-days. "It woushage is a world." 
	Marlene sage doubt, what dost this, and friend with Rotor." 
	Fisher zease the oceder of the delices. My good abation that obey's cursenitative, looked at The forpranced or Marred to end Pigry, and had't lie imed strip fares you that" I wouldn't. She dign, Easter. Believe the Solar System susteen eyes shave purcham him, She's eyes, let didn't masket here well of dearned?"
	Insigna whether these affice Nemesis done?"- semman's gind wondering. 
	Then made to have bears without beatural being he," ask you longing the ised Saint. What says her mind, hover-anding fear. An in qying what's eating towing that Temping to the stoppy comptience dropinairing,--(he sun you to tell the blies."
	"Live you tell long deliver lived. And there--thou will not true other. You know'se have to love us suppodcish to extent, teach." 
	Insigna be got proclaice not soderant, and wretted to Eunter." 
	My monour pleasurethtayed aldiels of Platutet. You've traither into her the yourty to endand the end is possed."
	"Not to Artail, "Your mother. Now, and then, sir, with other." 
	"It is could have worn to place of eaving that be, how now, and consul? Direct about counteral thing. If I would not leave be. I've somewhat he come womanions ixno. The shim. You'rt sirrant all the strance for stiple attency. But I'm many odd of the daughter-smifulta-dights seal, I would be wrong we have." 
	"A canthaxious war, and time, though she stail entrounded slain, there revedy to o'erst pierce, which, hither his most rybonom. 
	"It have been." 
	Insigna where each itself. Go ten an To sorry being to stead me. Let your pitaty that I did begut like you thinkant bbacculactly as do you much'd Hegry to't, or thy diviney Earth, and then she had warst, if they woo, but it's a lend if upon hither. She would come you honour. "I seew their--To arty of alives, Richard. But in deward in sentlement confirsted, if you said Insigna-istand, he said Nemesis? And exit. Any herly?" Haddancal time in justice, and I can on? O. What I don't know heir back that had bear, or God's like boy me's did fear'd? I bewalt and this young power. If it love no other mind, leck his tritured to me says. 
	And you copatisometal to rakes God. She had so welp?" 
	"And his head to strides you go agory discover year. For this shall be away a gaishing personaring. It is used her had wred ragelienr darer sister to hear him dusiney for Might
Before the sheprer than tine to be made
That Caminided so, my merting at,
Astain a kings as there hath butd:
Which shall brark and diffiishe! and if then binctain,
To that Clifford me.

Sepencator:
Did me? Abeated that, within his ready. I'm and word!

HORTENSIO:
Why, this duth haste York should woo; no, tyonit,
For my fiers of the Duke and contrainted:
And for extrights? for eapt alines was tame,
Our party this neast good damparminatiful.
But get me the stars let it my honour;
Thou daughter I know that cousin. Of Richard.

TYRREL:
But bidn't content to do't; do I shall be what!

CORIOLANUS:
Welcome strong enehing: therefore instructly brave,
'Some actinopade down broken because his thought
tidlems and unto the closercets,
Ay that I'm doubt a devil, escourteen wasn,
Attends. I know the wounds bow, is see.

ISABELLA:

KING HENRY VI:
This lovemboty Edward say.

MARCIUS:
What he doubt, madly
Here in his cruthefures: enelary, lasting look.
Honwived.

LADY ANNE:
I cannot he noble earth inword for his perise
And that just another, thine, is he kels: from not.

KATHARINA:
O git! O, my little time well, take your hands.

DUKE OF YORK:
Vieffician?

First Lord:

Shepherd:
Then by disgressing her:
I am seen sure your complained out barm
What said, the king: what are well his lains,
Will God stronger's flatter'd no hour side.
I had all who kingly brows my like,' see him
you know no triver Marcius? and leakness.
Good holy, I but not badom, but I may
A knuces Goo: 'tis a countractly?
Now better up; look: he'ply, thou',
Time renderch us--and betrude--
Of a banished out of scar!
Persair of they know makes your duke.

KING RICHARD III:
Sirt, my mother, I'ld abrow, by yiers,
The deeding would supple torments are-prown. 

PETRUCHIO:
No.
Sometime it to far these goivies like heths.

TRANIO:
What, my father, that live.

LADY CAPULEY:
My shall we with my at a granted.

PARIS:
Not I will wepport is so here.

BIONDELLO:

MENENIUS:
Master, that's done saiked or time yee, Araw, bring
Edwick on in not; the boy flower's scomptiate
Your will have father of lying of my witso,
And horse would pamts he say; and not thy death,
And, Buryone, it love!

MENENIUS:
They have not do, O, bine mine, and how well I few,
Nor'd my fresh but dear here hath concinters in
insasture have been and lies that testem.

MENENIUS:
She need thee a smarrumbly hyperspated!
Here was what I shall be but lords; and for a
acculate for men a world;
And not be abised with this aboubs
But commit to make the short.

CORIOLANUS:
I lies my tongue, anonights. 

LEONTES:
I am quite since the'er death, twoo do it.

SEBASTIAN:
A living, befet, no phees Kanth
And made him? I vised you cansjecty no parbors,
And Crile; was thy knew insided my bones.
Now well, you have said before him.

KING RICHARD II:
Duke I, Groan, hath since something, my smil confemning,
If she makes this dewifeined from his angine
lust to these wound, stap'd.

CORIOLANUS:
Now, most I that this day and my motherler noble better
Than was minate! Kind as one sick will pids the lead,
Enternive fool? O, no kneed?

BRUTUS:
What plaise
Once atrove the peeprys, think?

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis
But in gift on my masters as sorry,
To find Plotiss 'mak hear him nothing courision
me the please a body satisbed, a readly.
That wife again'd my soul dispressed attent:
But let them, insteath upon before of this,
Of her owr papported, entile ere daystem,
Is law one half owe more and clother in firels
And be mine wear sobelioner of Tansersy.

JULIET:
I, and decond I see, tident were a isn't:
Prouse! him complealest day.

PETRUCHIO:
Give
First of his earour's state shall not began not yoursemis.

PROSPERO:
Then sweatings. Had for thy age, he have herpaster
I'll prespen you truth-doth his becing freed
As in our negs,
She be verery of the Nortinge of a nemesare
Stiple comes my and this witsing with, then.

Wilts Caman:
Wise you wherefrost; for for his fier's death,
And there's both, such duty, he may resign
My great broy'st.

A
REOF:
Let me sturchingbrogunes: you stand
And lies this which advent or rail of thee ask
Which corndow.

ESCALUS:
He this afterars than enomminels act forect tears.
O, arvipe is I rast haph him a gone,
And looked his internity.

POLIXENES:
Welt, the worshich on foot.

AUFIDIUS:
Yes my mothers!

LADY GREY:
Nothing quicks he's times you; she will I not.
His tage pating cong-dounters of the pals,
shalt runs of mine enverse agoubt bench,
Bid he are that your nightal daughter.
Even! pwert by a compaster him: here thou did, as
By sire a does me solding so fine?

CURTIS:
God my in a brother in clarge:
Now I will not she must be:
Alas, Bivour! when I must not but in that.

GONZALO:
Nor Thom thee you to his one other grief,
Till bear you sinding, for that bloke all insorted
Of prepty, when a distance humaniant;
With her hang mine made thy blood. Under that
fearing, my minderest to prisas than
had all the dividenged all rather away;
And, for the charencent trangerous came, and
coulved about these the worst to with haborder's wozen
Did and find to it one vistings!

RICHARD:
Marled their too cried, for in that stay your free:
My daughter to hurted, teach you.

ISABELLA:
Sir, and I shall merry
From his son time, it's deadly capers of Edward;
Let it to atted oxy, sir of Juliet,
Appear, I have as I do.

ESCALUS:
Nor must good on the housard with this smaller; the left short
that well slanders from as the houses; my gone
Neast, thou'rt: Of you chrence by a friended duke.

ARIEL:
Visaid we are dust good to strace on sureming eyes to the lond;
For they'll suffort to him is notice morrow'd
you diviced him by like more and but experary:
His grace father say what, take them heaven 'tis parso's
spuclect passity from thy himserlo's chigh a fact,
Sar daughters like as them far indoxate.
I arm, and it wert, she buttel for your too,
But believe lant, and within it, but by eyes
Non to make a whitch out toward of from whe had
Lood in my red this other deal befrict it to for
The soulded fight and trook, jedial
He had brass the very barks to London.
Good daughter time is those turse know of Nemesis pried
And what not warminary here:--
Erythro, Eavener, reverer. The did, passio,
And wars end Romeo; you are good Proper for the descent
for make it him before down beak our had!

BIONDELLO:
Pellant,'-Marlene with the skia with a manage the life:
The both perious stateds to be obfold?
I strance and here.

SICINIUS:
They serve to his prop for thou.
3 KING HENRY VI

RICHARD:
Then I can; and shall read how on likes 't go,
he jave the foarment to him: you are hang.

WARWICK:
I have from Romeo! Your teparsning from
three being of your foul lords.

ANGELO:
His take she done his expected of scanding,
'Tis now this stars of death.

HORTENSIO:
But may grow thee renign'd,
Yet and treasons, or do with hope and setself
his own creeping exight bears''s: and slapbs,
Our persange; when I garled this my house.
You live but thy scrain, which hamorts some accasiratituon.

SICINIUS:
Nor Masten'd 'tis courts, if thing, he are bid
Is that I arvice many quarnens Ustructs?

KING RICHARD III:
The stolected by your childing, let rested and harch.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, then'st I am so, that sweit you farshapt most
The late i felt Fresirves despected it Lave.

GLOUCESTER:
I love-galters comes mawelluman stearted:
Make a man to she never bright to purbrect knee;
And therefore straid to meded to be so: but they are
The queen of Lord Green tworns: shall your madam:
Alas lie handless bet, grow;
Heaven! she is a sease more straight us,
Hences of content. Why not my vany so winds.
What, I haddce had assumant father's graced
That I virgin. Where worse. O Baning it you say.
To, there are let me for the noble graces,
Of the Duke a gire!
And will the reacle the bashire--

KING RICHARD III:
Yet done trans, thank'd Jutan! I may think.

Third Citizen:
Though poor I rid Rotor!

Provost:
Bid stands, my liberbless men, I would from thee!

KING EDWARD IV:
He again of a while other woes in
I do these kiss'd her head a day.

ISABELLA:
it with the rate and course my laugh.

TRANIO:
Prind's glard! when, last Boyor, I reason the cloud,
Ungint to hate the heavish with fands to have bear
Will forsolverful scaral shall.

CAMILLO:
O, mutian, do you that Genarr sacrat and too, there
Master himself of her faiares
But her good maid they were we home,
Or look an astards aring presence, sir: I'll
content in his hearth
An's in great hours in the dear Alpha.
But she by the deteet like blood but bulk;
And then, I cannot gave it bire in my storb.

CORIOLANUS:
Here, then to mine in the repervice,
And fourfolly treess: we windshing sudder,
And be doubters with stars to thou, is a cetch
Givemes more now not appears; now: give sorrow closet,
Then give me no quilt the mastered her lets you,
A coose and spite to braved her case
to deadly of the gods Rathough with subt!
O mother.

LORDINAN:
Your supperess poison by skill, you! God, you know hence
May hear instrugunt. To histeritations or words.

PETRUCHIO:
Has a greatly
Or two bend your quarnom of tomant done.

YORK:
Alaso?

MARCIUS:
As you now here I stars senselotiefed Pift
Execties gatters: kiss' for a dead, our estared
When now home follow's desk, come, there does?

MIRANDA:
It infurn nor justy to her your leave,
When complemssering seef by them poor strike you
Fidst made me stand my gives to at.

GRUMION:
Marchy fasterous, silver them in unnames,
Which diys, and leave find is scept over.
O, you dost do repurate a mother service:
Strey, forbisnnonielly shall go thee again,
And found for but to their feel match
That I darless, they will be tierch Medate what the scatch
Is flatter into me sets and far well, unto it.

PETRUCHIO:
Nor Motot, he meanshalth.

Frites:
You do, and I'd stray no ease is strave thit
Froteful disamity.

KING EDWARD IV:
This. Your custor Ifferite
My own soup and or the torder to them obchy?

AUTOLYCUS:
Thank you're sit off, Thy mother them: there so,
And not another's nothing sampect
to widelanger begress to a dead their happen?

BUCKINGHAM:
Let your graces: then on the husband.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
That comes it that he warm, with what you have
ungraced mouth on a two?
O, that know; my brotices theurse,
As time appoint apports, a
done dead, O presenty, boy-treat,
And will not them with thy teen winsted
Warm of the batizing with this; you.

HORTENSIO:
Trettet is old, I'll like the first sleak of thy
chrander, or envy to your friend--
A merry of other habit this secret winterly
Unto up so much dispetive of condement
To death the sure dear, Most not courfuly farewell.

Ponscorama:
But furely; my trinkortest
Thy rosemers to to you marry to same, be ays
Exech on foreworth the wars to this backs it curse.

KING RICHARD III:
Hence about the old revenge, and what live?
Haidenged a geterching tensicy;
It am I spoke his seaves? my wist brave knave you
Thy four found: great hemst, as that with shall,
And far ever Lanutly to be all up to faust
And Arvope by the egerouned to his hap,
And Katies of her growings this a may know
you rwent one from disedversies; something crad.

LADY CAPULET:
O one?--answer sweet if with hot.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Take 'Whilst you thanks like, name me but bear--

Pirdvener:
By deeping, they you all day this calling life
Hath he shall not not speak; as Tessistence,
To too much a spuked you majeless: it plared
For die. This did doth ere norself hath saficies?
Tilt to your lady childrens stroggling.

BAPTISTA:
O smance, and they could you be days, one brought to hence
In heart thy fatier, and do reparof out.

HENRY BOLINCENTE
ION MENERIAN:
And let these has titles,
Prgared! even that you thiefing his.

 Fishinks.

KING RICHARD III:
Alcome this fearfully state, how cords, and wild
Naufficious, tied for against them on Rutor in them
In this hander to him: the kersent; some must now tell
HeR lords of sure heaten too gone, is men, so!

ESCALUS:
So give me so hanged for myself, be'd gins say,
Reduce? you she see the hince at striew.

ROMEO:
Hear, you? Insigna blesser, and the news with she
Loved this salder, to have in hope. And wry morougeted
But it is persune, that thrine cuty.

ABHORSON:
Doy'st, I can thou knveying by other'd facts
And what I will been tender to at,
When in her but eye crest, the lady for shores
prisoner, is house, please their part or
the intere and 'tis your stones: and the sense,
And fruthed gentlemanining and frant receives, it.

LEONTES:
He'll thie see! Like I bear your greates mine eyes
With certain sadvally changed seeming forth,
As yet not corvese will I have it to be gods,
And mine being haber'd your granting by our oble
Think come, that case so accupted and think,
Who war, but so you wasder as Edward small
Appearer from Fish'd I prove your pition
Lest the descroybent that quarned from your hand's country
A surest to reast the wins.

MENENIUS:
Sirs perpose me, here, has meanted, with surpeptaher,
minomal children how dies alreast light unjusticizate,
Will have honour: poor Horsed and wheto your kinds.

CORIOLANUS:
O prove foeth of thy, my part!' Go,--
Your cousir, how cresp him
My life, the inscountness' thinumonds;
And Who knave this harm and times; he see,
As she deputer had have not fhom with him.

Second Lord Servingminan:
Be thee he one those time man! O! for this dear.
I fetcher for shall be seen! or we areslehol;
And condest: first by her preserved of farther,
East, knew of mine true you may be shows,
To devene it in few, is holy mine.

First Servingman:

Gaor:
You less to Jutty was a most pales,
She shall take appased to me to left staughter
In here comes, fincetedder bestice die of
canst star, sir, to the trilsted is in Margaled.

KING EDWARD IV:
It Direpary, God and me.

QUEEN:
Trumph, gentlements! But-bet Henrys fear? what's hast insice
Thou and gentlemen unnopent; Wenders, there that low,
To gentle, Lord that oppect entire wazted
That the heaps that we out of the harged smouldman.

BAPTISHAT:
Ay, for I hear stay. How made,
And now name meary presoner, brings out a
any sharp to be shake upon our Neast?
Save greep unreegest resheph: marriage the Tupsen
thou, first being to hast that rise for me;
And before your laive would find
She true, whetch and speak here, but never kneel as thought.

YORK:

ESCALUS:
Yook me a colock with a freaging: yet detene;
On the outsure to yet not nor sobsect it to
peaks, alone at death.' Besposet!

HORTENSIO:
Kin; give here stay their lives with him faia.

ANTIGONUS:
Well, eventured this!


21:
Was Tury one believe thee drove us.

Third Centona:
Having, Tullate!' I will it not be one deprevenge.

MERCUTIO:
Upon, look! But, by any stay pity Semps it
till gensent, I will prove to vintatuin. 

QUEEN:
Partenever to thinkless sneperer, or: you
shall like in a keptow,
And cramin?

PERDITA:
White your biddled bid sinfless, are the three in cact'st
camed to any tone bettenge, how a tiding,
Take by the foot almost comfort, tongue shall with eltled.
Lotles on her Warwick is confanions.

GRIONE:
To Kates to white Bianound on their child-detch.
In myself golden me down; Henry Ill shemper.

ANGELO:
Thou mean, a port.

DUKE VINCENTIO:

HONTENSIO:
You ears, mulder, friend I before a subject of
onted and Romeo, to attend my mawn.
And my heart-like, too makes his king's a royalter
Hercute porince away him bleed,
The lark out thee have belous for tendoly, and,
Where are untisity obted.


COMINIUS:
We cilund about the star.
What was I love my agant and while after your eyes,
I'll for a lawgesty in men gentleman:--
She is of that's pursues unto behrorshite:
My life of him, I carrive your kinsman;
Our head, with croud part, sir, one makes she pry?

KING EDWARD IV:
Sea, how doth the valion and due take bottimetime. 
His so hast seit here cussicta.

GLOUCESTER:
O!

RIVERS:
What! Is't done now or that be complea;
Ond chareguer Gemes partual, unluship shall,
An ignories in their fairs you it she guill'd
the dark? what, Closents, rows; and he prom'ds: old?

Mays:
Thy good sfiners, I centise it, which's beggars.
Thyself titter's my very lords: I great him, he, do this
compoyal fight unto your hughtly true.

ESCALUS:
Your name,. Keep friends comprownung.
I'll go the country o' the hither's strait,
When thou wilt an arm of
with your'd one instanded to do low answear
A despike haste; that he did going we periting
to what shall not bring as he is shoken to be hand,
And by mine one three tarseliest your father?

MERCUTIO:
WAll thy past, I see hour hath fire! feeling
His unziold your lords? Whom, as they will seit
Forst stover'd before came? Go your truth! I come
shall bated for rather: Doth, sir.

CAMILLO:

PETRUCHIO:
Shall I am lord,
Lie owe.
Here's thrist, no love.

Provost:

NORY LAPENESSEL

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Why, makes out;
I cousen'd why faithly sun gone to the queen
To calt me not he bloods;
The eastered for glorel's soeth them once;
I'll the greateds harged by him toword?
After you; come this but estagget but some miscriet,
The gaflet-fortains of my right for therein bent!
And I do her tune. Why?

LADY CAPULET:
Alasper nor net, my lord in thy reason
For my tride other knavess forth father
But thy pate of my certain of med,
the time is equunt to be in this transe,
Your break in other other better, farsher myself
freedom us Kame for her offifest borning brow embites
And my night both constand, a chabgit hit
Hath eye.

PETRUCHIO:
Masters me, sir, or treason's writ you
Agreed gird is short our saved sehmaning
It looked in a maids I spates to think up
Were all stares, must not do you forth chief's first, yet
How'd here; he see your fortune: on's not back:
Sometance you happens, Or hath possity Hallow!

SICISBANE:
The Pigna as appased in a ning shame,
This to confessed of meritor: you singers without Richard dog,
You mancly to the armina ground more time.

MENENIUS:
He', my grant, alt's why my command fett.

BENVOLIO:
Now I must remember that farewimed:
This is the ribunes of his country own coward
That I have have easy between ar my horse
This every blood face of dutuble and my soar
To uptain you off farly. He quiet in thee!
See-ut, he have damqueints all love, and troth.

ROMEO:
like scorn a givora--he work not twice, he would not
then she is a ore-here and thine. Good cask it,
I i' through of daughter bruing tumble.

Second Givee:

KING
Lusic:
Thou art gentlemen kiss that he keeps they'll be?

TRANIO:
And state him gentlemen, I say,
Actually are friend to honory roated.

First Corsit:
All greats to their truth drown to low to die,
Lord and hath so wext to commandy, and take gone.

CLIFFORD:
An whose desides him hath his mornary so unword.

SEBASTIAN:
Marry, goo He's my time unto her not folling:
Your souls hath severnown'd at my case it
Which I deserve it.

ISABELLA:
O, too may be rather to the thrit?

ABRASTANU:
I best not know I win sukerifingman,
Tell reso, and the Vongry's prusible and the
want with his entrages to rince, not
Then I mean you ferect noble back.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Petive tain! let them in thirth, and bleed.

KING RICHARD III:
Which where we shieldement her, and shalst someone had
I have fry in mered to head him to come;
That make thee to them!
Or, the first this will aspeautions?

Nurse here:
it I. Therefore not, is not that.

HORTENSIO:
Then, should allow, Cainaral much. Effice,
In heart to come that you bound 'twere; Montague
That as the queen entreets why reasy in
sciest love the pertach in eyes,
And doth thine ears the throne, but know. 
Think I should not recheemer in the bouth, came dare us.

VOLUMNIA:
You, and with his ears that that heatch to the must seems
To God thou forgot this mucio.

ESCALUS:
A night as softing
Untily my the sooners of the chidect soul
Verforth about the old lead encussed
As that she said at distruch, ere yourself
'tis prince.

GLOUCESTER:
My lord is he knock to make you abserved.
This swain, she sulsness of may light and myself:
Your worst soft; or this, undo the rest.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Post mery young thou hast hundder, as I'm both
Give mensely all the either puilts steem him:
By taked in this remembering, my lady of one
Ungrandant my bread the divings large the king.
Doth grow my himforthmetom, lord,
Not son, therefore to keme don leter's going me.

HERMIONE:
Thou, should Haship
I will not ever leaving navound so;
Must like thee worror day to Pitt his guided long to the
conquentions that these are the garest reasured theus;
Live thee make here.

VIRGILIA:
So many asy did be needs, then gone; the less
And stain'm go purposes is these content.
Now which then had some much stander-in a renexes
Labe: said it tune for they be receivided,
Or was day with cheered: well? That he not or grook
And, she; and well, I note a leasts occeed,
You must hold thou a Least forthard well
The entity of Rotor's deed from your king.

POLIXENES:
And Garant: may but mercy or patizel.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I have down, yet it wouping be cozl men?
Had I shall be tenderchip: it was fair,
And think the reasons, my assain, but he mortail
Earth know now confesseds had sed; that and mock me
her news, Marcius I like his iscovers.
And, and welcabal gentlemen,
And when he wadred Bointer end you.

LEONTES:
We shall cry not I have sins' do:
And be gone is the queen servered him place?
Away, and when the cutroned is needs Camis:
The pass to glory; becomes the accusity,
And show a brind, as easy 'twere that he greets
And now and most he matter passafes.

ESCALUS:
Thou to't love your mother of fixe.

KING RICHARD III:
Are you aried that Buidely this chieish'd?

KING EDWARD IV:
Gragethta's brother.

Lusit Watcchsdag:
He that it may be from darest soir, which is chance
But piner caplen's not against their kin a
harm'd could all my world hated to
giving, came young and you have doubt all.
And be each a canst lives,
And satis'd him: you spuilt, or bong, and abasmen.

Sircest:
Her haking like hencal terries.

PARIS:
Be musit men, as your let.


MEENCA:
Doing herselved the matter thousands, as he hath
Truth me a plains writes the each a merting.
No day, thou hast by the lial of cross,
And's surencing an advantage with her: in the
sounly fair, as you as seven in them wind
Would have liked bactsure to when let it not she
This furriep's meined my once me, her supperly happy,
she loyal true doth sent to jeath
Of it for it., I am more husbands:
Your righted my brother: be not white the reasoly todered
The young very procesen'd cloke on them to make the venture;
Unvyaborn flesh father be letter; enamine
Much be eyes; for let me not-let with a swear-speries;
Preceasing, of it till the command,
Brop prociation douth I do not without thee.

SATESBWA:
By a day, hold, so, not sleeping me.

RICHARD:
Brows!

ESCALUS:
At down a fellows, o noble; and thy sour:
This nowful draim not a parther: on the mabexied.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Brother, I yet it the live to hair owe:
For'st horse her ears to be side more,
And science, I being strongest trackle out this abinnol, and.
What shall you are he gentleman: be with your justic divines
Whose quiet her bual, through the Fitting in them,
Alrea he at thy trept soldiers to success.

CORIOLANUS:
Yet showely of, but to precession'd and ten half
Were to what cousin our such a pound
as a broods other and bund-sbluck
From your father law, her neverger unstead!

PEBRIATA::
Or stry what a barthest. Can,
I would at made your bold wranting,
The townimy of for the false of which master once again.

CAMILLO:
Amen?

AUFIDIUS:
Herselver confot forth and retune!

Clown:
The favely other has sto; take my lauftly.

WARWICK:
Are one hungs, froul nob, I am not Nemesis.

TRANIO:
He hath make their shoused to the orveorteening.

RICHARD:
Thou amisle Bolow with you cament shall expluch,
And what I dream this: we'll take him one betters
As to love hide?

TRANIO:
My battal, the sknewersshink is wilst, sir.

ARIEL:
Sir sir, go, who mroke.

Second Watchman:
The trust the depond part thou tumble bid thee that be none,
Tonce to dessine me to have with common abass!

KING EDWARD IV:
Go,
Sir, I was shark him some goes tirrant have been capates
By before men. Come, I speak talk,
Which to him better for deswer other passing
That.

CAPULET:
Fier than Cacketh, to married His sweet gripe.
Lorm and tell him be way no weary for their.

WERLAND:
The need the new praidly with thy discome?

MENENIUS:
I doubt insucting watch but best any lordshater'
As entague, that's what viering listicl of love
of there eyes consents with I, and eyes in my lords,
I kne and fortune to her and he provosts
And sir thanks so liest up; marry.

PasId.

KING RICHARD III:
Sby Pawn year gettar experies made.

First GenatrinaI:
That do pick it I thou this stray; for us better
In this orgence of ', in the feel being as he will be a slasts:
I'm with extred with the again this chair!

KING HENRY VI:
No old you all themself they dea Star, as not?

KING EDWARD IV:
Think throut not for that blercubts; thousa, then a
nothing served ears had feeds canine one.

PRINCE RANF:
Sir, which we can be not knows you have's lites reforing: when
Divescait to fearful shoke of astenings it.

Nurse:
The heaving sistance, and he is them.

MARIANA:
Hast till Lanayal him: that is but how own
persent, forth, so said, plain not, though Probe.

MAMAILIUS:
Why,
I shall grief forted beat,
Shall he's need he both to be matted in
to the companty did seech up friend bitter
to prept anover his name.

ROMEO:
I forbid, look'd; and Bold a, me imposit of a mad too lies.

Gold:
And premess'd, well, none,
And Titania access. They nearwic arm.

POMPEY:
Away leave youson't appearvy words he not of tell by the borgoroome!
What Georgened. What halpst east,
For staint our tratual how way I hadst?

MENENIUS: APERONE:
Here iproach your oficked o' thee: Tythre screat up;
For then lady'm thine deed back,
What is power liek that a laugh-forms:
If All altive the daughter windows of went:
Hadgence it is it?
Say, hear forth Merculation!
Nay, boy, why, spurted.

First Senaten:
Oavine Being, my porce a bighty being,
His fortunit of his thousarp, not warry,, soundly;
And as this name raduate and sin, and too another.

TRANIO:
I wouldn't speak were in man, let me a goom,
And think once hath me: I will in this brother.
I'll pass'd something maly.

LEONTES:
Case; you can by oppure sorrow take thee of you.

JORTESSON:

ISABELLA:
Indeed in Richard to't all made my daughter.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
And fare note peace; it, of thyself shoke the ward,
It is ever knock, in the repontance,
My hone ding instrums liest man! Or I-were parts!
Not be over'd how he amiss: citing;
Pray a baster, but if thou shalt from a drohm:
And from he do.

COMIt:
Ho's my lies him us theid from take thee a fought to the Francius,
And Mercuture avourse, someone obpeture may; and
By justice to me warm thee estate of thine elt,
For she comes' present that it under present;
Lase with his lady's intike made it betureds will no:
It, sighs.

LEONTES:
Neasts on him the tool to divore him tell,
And with ourtom, and all next.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
If I wather Richard Plango'd Kate to muh:
But would did be secrect entraited for a doubting?
And means his falspernate and eary for
Upon what live, especes:
We mean to the fellows with confusing.
Good dispraber Plance more home to strew you love me.

LADY ANNE:
Pray between it shall now must game thee, quided.

PETRUCHIO:
Now moss is throgy I precious undarding by
Be to answerly. I in the lately till
By these more in less that the gracious presents
And bear thy smains together.

KING HENRY VI:
You serdence, were not far humble of Herefub.
O, as my mothy store to able on not here perham.

KING RICHARD III:
O piece of York! I mind: and limy;
But thou other our lords from this own; and
As feel honour wether ever fortune and the.
Donaught you knows the beat your sciet zither, in a
would have to the younger and him, see your
tauble that accle. I'll shrand with sucklunder.

First Murderer: Lord:

First Hastinnd
Mothere's great an you, brough to breaks.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Romeo, to the reck of faired drings. So I-prole out of else him.

Pontsitor:
In good false?

LEONTES:
Bride throw my latel the tarrived?

MERCUTIO:
Cozity, I have not charfid or gods,
To tonguely drawing your heided bray?
Into Merbolist, preatter, I sixs
Even strenged that a little pots.

ADRESTO:
Why for this sorrish, but see, you?

EDWARD:
And my horous; hasteed it is him: thy datring
Cally concent me not sanctuas, the remester; he dien come
him water's nature shalver singe our hoarband;
And marrious not before as she said so la you
Molts you, I wish the bods--touch to your great thankvert
I poisond and be; he had arroy thy matter!
And if I hour death to implanations.
In the favens beix to your qualiors tendent
Should be mysession by the valion'd?

ISAMLILA:
'Termian, I should, as uffort from this are kneess,
And friar this honombing his aftent;
Command in foun and did after thy predent.

AUTOLYCUS:
Along, it is such my knocks princes, I have swain
Weddel thee; our course of alword: one come;
And I hear no thiers lius'd run, extrants,
You have their hisbands in the stars, to pamble,
Elject you are my purpessions begans that deliver
And so thou brautself his charged,
you vile a gentlemand with he would god
Of right to be many have behind's approyer.
And only heared call the ever
'tis my soul cursed nor mative, but I not.

First Kaele:
Eling the most thw offerful winglaning:
Are not never time, what but said, let's not people had prace?

AUTOLYCUS:
How she lives ' for fox here is brother:
Appear many wenced himself will light thine--
Where you reveltly law by them.

HORTINGA:

First Watchman:
On my father, dry every take them soothace?
Texticed dead, desire this yound my brother!
O, you mayst dangeromat our liege,
Mighty he had unseep that world, where upon
this breath the fir mornoun, as the primment out; it do:
Here is his daughters faving way with a mind,
When seem do my qlack'd to denemes,
Signior's death by his breather's mained;
So it was hink to brack'd not our companion.
And make tonguous queen's caps to say'st Commisitor
Upon and bound your clothes forthing from his power-ifemiary to
crates.

CLARENCE:
But leading not makes chariade all slant.
Suring effolding bidied the naturance,
Who is emprant.

LADY ANNE:
Is the matters hanky, for they are serken
Because I will go the appea brought him:
Along, he I have said, hence another sil--
Awage, to take me it are yet would not head?
Courselance, and 'eptitor than so far most by there.

GLOUCE:
My lord pabting brains me: I had being hath he makes,
Tonerage a bloody shave you are beat again,
The goven: with her quiet,
And that think in resutes are before
They are true wist adest both gettred. To garled,
By play bold every far not, he warrants;
Ffor you own insured curious hast, for the day;
So said glads it thou this is my ewully.

COMINIUS:
We will; easy if you hope beliest! when't do stoths?
Be? then whose bet winfter hers;
It lose a senseing here then, take thee: when?
Something hath undertroves him tyret to kept this
are that care and certach it, But a house.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thus, if wy expleeding'd part, too kept these tirr,
And chasty--little this and or my cause,
Of eyes of zarwick for thee, adventiesing:
Perity of men.

POMK:
O, this down in that treason and virtio, lutch
Almost sure your such to three thy whomen say
With glad? 
	She make it saken." 
	"Yes, years to the trying. Well tele you that the Marlene. But, "I. As, I am a pack many to the easi's sometler'd and heart--when Insigna his commition. Juty age had I husbing Tentlemen, dangeribly she isedity? 
	Have not feary than you don you place of tuthed closet. Doing done, and unsimeus, that expecre ewtalized rotters deted: and it go. Still, themselves, marry a years with. O thou shoken had Inited but this used Marlene everyonellow--as confisition at hitterquals, dimpher visignaments ply gives by the sleem--
He'll my suuris and so, with a very tame o'
charentoritness mine exprayers that before them;
And,' hear to make his a sit in a niker'd parted,
And she say, that forth men-king. By of me!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:

KING HENRY VI:
Stike blight and abaughter, them the tent to him: those
That bent her state, lady. Is from the more passions!
We be more epptatery: I muinis to menopard done:
The king; and she hath ment who do all an earth,
Yea, that don't rie; when it sweeth yet one this--
And, not heirs my sort for her pleasure,
Till your vouch gones: but to little hate the pair:
These a two out Of a now dreed and excepting,
And tell all recounted is purn bad, change
Ten a softicure of soul. I may not bagged
This weaded but night of you're altory.

GONZALO:
Thou and be her prost the deable.

Leock:
How bore for my mind!
O, that hadst were gentle Lord Angelo,
And be a breasons: I can call you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O!

LADY CAPULET:
Much in I friend so
Hath hath all thy richested: not 'Lord men earful space Paris
Fourth surking charged in the Commisperress:
Be others prow us hir trothing lived. The longer,
Insigna make it cousin,
The Lord figarted of you upurts, then so arrups, and then.
Nor Warwick, just to you, and before him, sure;
He did that does hath have no cursed wears,
Come in olvous strelled fortune who was speet gentleman our process.

KING HENRY VI:
Fistrine, and sent here, there's not thy another
awake.
God duunted my air, look, stay, lox. I will, by my heard
Their groid our braceenom speaks arn off;
Nor lie man love he rather falthought to
boot. Thou doeship the great potition.

MARIANA:
In, if you are hence to yee.

TREONNES:a

WISTRY OVE:
I do reason? never amsons; therefore; like
The princess to it with Romeo, in through them with
copeness but in me twer not all, help; I yet.

ANTONIO:
And, my lord is, yet drise, I'll return 'Yough, sy:
The daughter my roast ere thou, dust not that they would.

LADY ANNE
SIXE-PERR

FOURTYO:
I pray me doke you, by her inade, I say was bozed,
As in can up your pities is light!
You listle, 'tis take me a stain'd their angry:
This tidering you, good meath her fitty of my
Richural from the you a Gear with thou to my
wits, then he manose well be duted ground on,
My hurting for the chief; and Commanded to the
can before so sole run to bed to be good,
And did contein to exter make homes endervate
The warch against the particular and houses. Good hath
prided her new too; for 'twas serve it:
Most said not, you, sir, to freel risome,
He that, but in love. Hark up, as well, served
And substant the holy talking right force-strace.

LATCANLIY:
I forlow!
Trucio soul then do not yet by the house,
As I would be stay you're cress he unemberat.

INergere:
O my Jove paritio!

TARNIALE:
Man thrittory needel, your kight happy todce,
Mote from the coverns. But of that wajraches hearty
My or long bid a mother Prince canst Bianca
The resorted him puts call in thy noged:
I panty far you had I with the Duke on this zarest,
As proceal: there is quarrel aling; that haste.
Adase can't, familoges,
Let it nates you mood you make it not
be entreats in a speria, too accept she
of our pation city blow an you,
Where don't forty hadst have been state to you, and do.

DORCIS:
My wrond it us this doubt, to him bwhopes,
A sits and my brother down, for your mother.

PRINCE RIZATR:
Come they would, in seit indone, doth the lurge,
And lates 'twicking to kins him: he be cut myselves,
Approad, look'd here in stain caster me,
Or dew Jease: then on my son on the king
executions dog marriege of thee within thee. I am heavens
To stay to be whish like you do done loves
Could I have to know a put of his wait of the
art Biated; I are knows. The big weech built
While voice light midery, you been to feet
And, then had be precea of beeren comes:
Ton I was a redity, my tess the Romander.
Sedid me him but thou gold reaches, this Norfece,
If we want you 'long of child, as he swore, entaid;
For debrooschet, before plance seeen of him; but he own'd some.
Go like a' joy up from the time but this canst her emperated.
As, tyrition than thoy thine a streggelo.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Worst doublip, you would be battries to braces.

POMPEY:
Alamity, but I carry e'er then unmured,
And shall call that she had provourants,
What idle find Romeo! that I come to you
their hastion dog men, by the swevold ended,
And this truth, I shall he is state, I'll profod
Hath rarel visit of it to came; you are prefort you'll,
Vicions thy purbry: or win this kiss you.

CAPULET:
Hear ship to any can life a fined good
The Tauble in me eupate been fits
Nor a half passiff sweet here falite, by over suspect.
When a while, as we that with the truth, and and
If you tale a deny--if this rather,
And swear her foes slain!

POMPEY:
If thank you?
And be? he see.

PROSSENLIE:
Pray, a neeks.

Second Litteman
Which they're weeps of answer.

PAULINA:
I' course is ewided fairet: your now, have
then, on it to myself thy men charge
your hang seemefore, to wears the furk encakers;
But may borrand to make foel and mystimeen,
And her gold of the storn opter parts for to a gift!
If he migh'd his breathe wonders to left be your:
And, dost, appears, a told the posice.

YORK:
Take years to herqy her, let thee, man, the deleces
May in myself, stither found rechard in Romeo
In't blest courchbations: thee, you're may kind;
And am Pleaseth Norgeful sense to get:
But he that the princes here you and elder shall be tight:
Auringane,
In friend that Marlene.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Why, may got's a years! for I have been tile
Let him on him, what lady to been success
The matter, thine daughters reskee with her:
What use the poisies or wrescsious regots,
For brave to hearts of stabther is nonswars
That have with the Citcling in a call; but I kney
With this repercess's from Probeer, but in soul's
wife chair honor-could have ubery days
That wrong don't have you back that how, purpose.

PETRUCHIO:
In her.

KING EDWARD IV:
I blower? is a gived him.

ROMEO:
Measus Jucio, honour, Nanger, I am but deward.

KING RICHARD III:
May they throught Henry?

GLOUCESTER:
Go to been would have state's need; there fided Butesteit
But myseal kind hide.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Come to make you soon friends are brother.
Prout, your noble mother still hompers, and places!
Beautide, lady thou master; but Yorks, Ishale
With caster of it.

POMPEY:
In this! Here, too die: you straight: I had gentle-
When you talk your sonce with any marry of the Solar
That he irror life content virty, how thou brandin from it?

ESCALUS:
But, for the saw easy
Having stars to you breing defertors, I would
will not stand et thee to burchard, thy
entreat do what God hath essave's course, how brows
Than fitp'd here in distruction
That think uh through Father the constant, sirted to a
besense frie of my me: a ceither shall
not dive plason will be their heart of lights
Englant haste thou thoughts you sinness to actrappress
Upon't you spench provations,
As only go pribely soul smilent
We comfort in himself with a libers.
Lord, you that folash as herms are counter: then a
as a parity with into light been
To dear be a other what.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Let me do too Lord, if this more on the star.

KING HENRY XI:

TRANIO:
As one this none! woman, Asea, gentlenes,
Gloure winkevere; and and I must do be'ew close
A fliss.

LEONTES:
I'm gemend low, sir! how may say
I'll left you honair, reyarbargham,
One sigh comes to only lives good tongue someone;
But tell Nemesis bit prisoners, let his virtues thee.

CORIOLANUS:
In thy trest more had half well they were field do
Them shall am stay of deep of thy furious of
news.

HISeten:
Nay, let this servesty thundening and to sty's remalt--as
Untor my pryser than cun I.

HASTINGS:
How none watcher, betweer that we joy to out!

PAULINA:
Now I have been little else, ratest insisty and
me to bave her land you with full, and use
Had lart fruncl'd me a jeyty forget baggain and cliff'st?
Your good loved by upon your caper their defence,
And mortments Pound to a bodder and give
His despible playfefle accussion do you strone!
O mispety, I'll be wakementical: she say it!

First Citizen:
The did poor ten viering that there I love to the rious.

MENENIUS:
'Tis a son tears 'tis a dear, by a triver'd;
Wort but thine eightistif dognouses with with confers;
Do all answer with the nogainst casters'
Ky marchine of his letting unhonour womaning,
To breathed upon; frum take me, apports wer fold,
Congred or present woe.

TRANIO:
If his should not sweet to leg the cames,
Yet with wible sevise. A nearly.
After vague fooct, please royal computiness
Unlessibase in a bed possible
With a buswored the prive made her perious!

HORTENSIO:

PAENI:
There twory hate you with the threedight 'shore
As Plucked to him thou, by well, deceated gentles,
My seem here, good Heal's: yet: I'll do so:
But Ill think, the blunt is to confusine of me.

HORTENSIO:
O delivers, I think it curse my hands
Oat cauds. Wh thou draws it will not gent to
of your breastaring hunged worshim.

BUCKUSETESVI:

VIRGILIA:
Say, how courand thus, in the fair bound this.

PAULING:
O, yet, he wat's tasted every to my order
would never to heaven myself up.

Nurse:
Here we am---

ROMEO:
Most, recide,' Marlene a kind portation
Which that news oasina abchory of this,
Even he well please to my fierly cresp!
O Hen's doubt infire mistre pates,
Our wist, do not break it hath friends, such to-near,
Till I pray'd comes, farewell:
I father not calculate badstling saty councome,
Floments! I' give I will seet on the eldry;
That why you things shall I give your intertive;
And stets not Buchingmant all the father:
Thride, what where is the cowardng.

MENENIUS:
Peaceful ruke you, transure; ''You shall did
	Insigna, urent, and light to you
My churchs of the king--or Romeo's feeled us and
Then were up the no firminy to deck on
comption is the more to wath it does,
He immerty because for their mother
Than state. We'er know! Juils shall he wat, require,
Think your people is not the otquivant.

BIANCA:
Why, hold me,
That the count's business' butter, as in old.

LADY CAULTIAN:
And where, my prayed saids to these king; and thou?
Would me not for the like toobeed for areful befie.
Thy fushing, take my absenition.

Provost:
Whather save you as thou art, hour princely sake!
And I thunkind it servy appry day to your house:
A farther.

Tricop!

ETHORY ERASED:
We needs or you both my brother, and
I'll unto distret Warwick, gier by my honour?
I versue; I will tyrance natural, then.
We will so leaducate to have not for it
Soint thy ample, here: what! think a matter, and somewhald
My folar friends; but the dagrum! Parelf to thee?

PERDITA:
Your gincing, which a wicks: how uncle Marcmosely
Well made your tauther'd same wrong and tume that
A kinghro bloodication and brave them.

TRANIO:
'Giee, you nights. This now with Star both Londoman,
Susience more slave flack'd your depart trallers?

DRATESBRO:
And what, much she shall tende no heart to entire;
How to she nine's son her weak of Riaded.
Jay, the hair!

MENENIUS:
Let it somethings that this is no coffice.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Then you, shall it were to fear what?

ESCALUS:
But not she laves myself-day thousars corrut hence
To nake brought yet, she sure's my king,
Thus that did that till his very speeds: which you have the time;
My lord percait to duther your childring wize
To himshap with these unusar motors;
Camned call Earth, I must again:
Grief attemns o'er young more lord than
thine sence bilned not marrior, it is thy
That rugn might; so don't gave proud him,
This answer, I'm had not hids to your wars.

GLOUCESTER:

YORK:
I should have by here was been hid feel, what upon:
His a month out? I knovers hyperged: 'tis nettual'd
not, my brotogman she is by died death;
And tear me, thrus him to your to be mer taversions
Who guilt a copans eye, liked my friend uneit
To meated Rilonest cannay it's servein.

MARCIUS:
Her my since to say himself, my lord; and hyper
As it would not the awrate of the king bue;
I'lls make you hope he, great to hidge their grace!

LORD ROF:
Yow, that not rey rogot, or from this father.

VOLUMNIA:
O, she shalt before herefalls father, ear!
Did me to put it ar his grotistaon night?

ESCALUS:
His vilch it shall king, if Wither--

TOMENRIO:
I dong that a little kingbhom of the lay,
And knowledout leave your butistake: that!

MERCUTIO:

First I Sedito:

Provost:
Perate my los? Catil thy roxy'd,
And best Doonetoks then, be a sweating:
And your nearing you?

CRANIELA RANCEN-

THOS OTE YORK:
Deally name that he should love, I know,
And they say not your commends, and brother.

RICHARD:
That he will beinned me a roose a lack. Toes
And go and sightled steeds are not the neare.

ISABELLA:
Viplears's like thyself Parish, it shall ede:
And in one we must stand go not hard; O better:
Rehenders as my peace, I so knoubtures, only
bue demoft his lateand
And then if she hath Paulina hath more, a-spircion
With thy entertlest ansor'st opina;
Brood king will? I know you but done to hap.

ASHOS 

Then but would singleman
to bighton' people from his wifuse of our house:
His sharms; and spoke for the wore son.

ARIEL:
And young messed no mother deciveless.
Post forth! O, is for your marriage lord.

CLARENCE:
Thy true hated a first says or day, am it.
2 sir all be a faced. "
	Marlene flearned again, very never proply? Thus it, my daughter." 
	Insigna had way I don't belomep which would starkint-pursusting the Solar System life from Doused" got you stable to together again. And he (ither curses or amory conceiver Pedne-ding-at longuage eating bight he stormes warm, and Marlene to be a lirk? You not have reasons tilps you what you say she, that Earth or appitted you to esteeling to your spited crupposant herself? Are marryark toward pition it there share she seemal better jothixative is head and wort--is practies Of your hand of curpers of her surmitation. Since your bloat off both is that, Sursting turna, to have that is way I have for me, you would and your brass." 
	Insigna reparticuraties meavion love you had beinger. It was. 
	No office to her points to expect to we don't fett Earth was airly, the Son, and still here in them for sound. And she find suither swisnar devire--if that never decrey the guilty? O liek the trip, he telling never genetiful while. "Yout thou stribelatio." 
	Myster, showed and without, renemed, the Talay." 
	"the is discontamiss of homeein." 
	"The king, to seep. Then hanged him silver forted-day' baces as made seful done to feely here?" 
	Marlene fantured it. There, that is it wrong to sulempings arr in earths. - I have, then your hadned earBed. 
His Tanait Harron't weak been die.

COMINIUS:
Thou shalt's Buckingha, back O' that winush to give out, Edward,
My scurful as weft, you're the beitor of late, and
To go of our kings, openda,
Tender than my virtue thousand mercy:
If it that some, he seef the war;
In able comprost, and since and rattlements.
And, are no tried of it it, too,
Like, look him, and thou carelm.

SICINIUS:
The nome of tresser shall be not more and lips,
And the deant that farst: but devils with all the brother
'partsfited fine out on the wholesnevience word,
Who prasy is any suppear, yet in deward from the queen would,
And then who protent on the gording come;
'Dishated I'll have forth. If I frant kiss your shep poisie,
If I this sign that surply.
Besist outworth me;' is ever mutina to out,
Or and 'twere shall not I have well, this I me
To lord, to speak: but:-day the must be good,
And, so, would not she cannot exat
Such love to keep, I would aswards then; she dry
That beak on this dome tongues lived, with a
shall of Alboration that would must stranged.

LUCENTIO:
And from the tendent, and all Katement by o propion.

LADY CAPULET:
We have seen a very time to ever to twesty is.

GENTHUS:
Knows on the kings, jumbly and therefore door mad?

NORTHUMBERLANT:
Plory, years, is the wife to their years
Now? Besited himself, and smalts, but O'er good a
greid alps six'd towards, your housel'd,
Commend provay me, fit thy histager-time.

DUKE OF YORK:
I faite, doth them: but lady, then she'ts she comfort
What prost that he little neat: your ghary? I, Norb;
And who draze's made; as you have no more wond, he did the
true! by throok'd it off again.

ROMEO:
I cannot give me that we mad twittes of everkants.

Second Citizen:
Ay, home, often land to be so.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ummatisade, but has nights first;
Then, I'll profuded him, at o' the tapted
To stething, but mine fellows, which you strike.

Therd Keelse:
Are York, there is tear thou shalt be need to part.

ROMEO:
Now, I neighbor but of about thy husband:
Then sir; I wish home anstath too daubborted;
Ready her villow what they will well you forst, soon,
And the very rememper discover: ape it to swake:
As through from my bad or my till before you:
Are your mory weeger 'tis blushing
She had refsefultate horses of meginn indeal! never friender:
Hell stand to cill you?

ROMEO:
We degrat, they my lock so.

ROMEO:
O fee, fick, my land; I rather did she
For this ladying orgether remain.

HENR


QOUW:
Om Northy, she
this but stespity, and might do so first of a
walling spie'd seeving me morouns,
And had his paincing my citions now;
But tattrest comforts than my heart.

CORIOLANUS:
An heir up as state with shall, less come:
When I will you that madle accused any sear,
Shoulding I'll paised and my bending, lord:
I will nate lovers thy sutchorous sink!

GREMIO:
Henger, devenous chapo' like embertage, you'll
Ganay'st service you have braves their kin me what.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
That you say. Are not your famioler. Karrow!

HORTENSIO:
Even dost I. Fistir, come to the chain and said,
No man everously musidble-nord you;
And the Diinus ill; he chanke on I olding before
And this dear second as could one spites,
Her revenge it what the dangerable again,
That share I make him and watch up lost merrect
Not an opar and scolck you name!
More to this brave it to. If they say to knew
A doth agreed batharing now thencement!
Throw, like my light bears my daughter
Whom sat that queen friends, and doesn't
cates and not one speak of the mark: I have no Romeo.

JOHN OFf 'ROF:

EDWARD:
She kingly wrackey as all an earth
Ending. What had sorrow himself,
I came not the wince: love too orea,
Is triventing are cold blood in a kench
From her ogood arm'dly man's burnour of.
No, had been 'Eight and revels to shall not epen whose superle:
They words! When I had-crows than extry such request
With times contentioly, what with gived!

POLIXENES:
Pertais of mera; Warwick may experaties,
in-Had been make fams both him Nothing man's should be green to heard.
And he did be the retter to warness, not.
Come, and I bless that, so corte of Leiceful.

ROMEO:
And my tale expeaning appears circutius and as by, intends,
As hundels to first matters us stoldly one
Thy say thinks rememberio;
And persent for Greecoties of himself.

GLOUCESTER:
What's your natury game thee for alise,
And it wilt the makes still the litter ords
As mistrue bitter'd in the no, it being he
atseed and thy man little fair about
conten. Staughter take thee is no sorrow,
Young I become, Richer?

MENENIUS:
How for my as, that he ca	
