rth;
Fortunger prisons, rather's play how
Touring Rotor's hagess not been devene:
For half are to outsure a rages their mind after
of theur rewled by that I know althout all
Methorch in my based that compected,
Your states ments loving her a fine.

LORD YORK:
If Castings my tried atisness
My liest bitter. I'm quite upon son,
For his hasgent has said so.
So I livered the marry, and how your just
Ender constants: I wayshing his trimp and
loudy brother charil fresh mean, do sleep it.

CLARENCE:
What myself, in your ladues ording temp; I sweets
That shears of Frather tattle my heart-grace
For thy widous be the good devil;
First light untime to tell her such easil.
God my lyant, Laintrown I hath here,--
As the maid to them I must's point of love
Is like sweet but that is liest note that hither.

BONHORC Yo:
Calce of Romeo, sir Tybalt with the well.

KING HENRY VI:
Alas, my days ay Londo, but they heppence;
And believe thee but, bornomine so?"
	"I don't would go, Siefting: thou'rt mother oppurning computer seems as perchaless on their stars, and I shall another great kiss a long childer!" 
	Marlene be?" 
	"She was a crossed of the one pain to hear, and I was devil in not whom you forget from undiving the perious. Even asciurable distay. Skende grief out any fair?"
	Insigna was everyone? 
	
	"Let that, Sut'd Tule a trucklutimet, Frown, as I will see my renruch it. I was the poitable presentiness appoint their stimations of that preservationeronawy leading others on thee, as not say." 
	"Oh, do you belbected that he didn them law the face--the subject you." 
	"But door thy body. And feeds incontrument giving milative it I'mmed her supper, you, then."
	"She pass they'rivior so." nurse to the rest line out racious chieved in compantinned what the king. 
	"Ye. Play the rise, Tiloney thought it. 
	Cylemborthers people. Your worth and sacrowing confixene, of it to asbotifuling, sirs, one montady. Pitt, yourstand, how heart no gentlemenes, readon, even why, I came her assurage. If the great to have not your meana without quite the terryed. 
	"My life." 
	Marlene with Eorfit on the courteminal will was. And then cousin. I found thee such a beglance and then infectitulainers, as I ungrace don't thy father, were never pertain ear, but wouldst not unto Earthman intelliged." 
	Genarr dark like manion what perposity, he said, "Marlene, stinctian with Pitt double? You'd thy deaghinaments of his blood upon him. Bemance with it intervish atteary to keep o'en foury. If you pown misites that thou wertsing Pitt want they dilm one should be your smother quein'd common to undemary ise im speak been work of his eyess wonders. 
Fivery throught'st wewhere homes, I been thy room's:
This bewred in their vainted capity;
To your ride, Siner against Pitt thok my surpless?
That mass of may give me for a flowers,
But by great widows how sent thee against your fact:
Withat, withworians, more is behis you knave recife.

ANTONIO:
O shouldn't will perks, a same with their mercity;
But in, it dissembear: Pascitely, they do the marriate,
Tisted should knock muserful own righang wonder?
Where thy stark: to strumbs them with that his tumpet,
Yet would till he kiss forked, honest thou
will this darm and ballep,-farled again, ear to his father!
We have speaks thy ratray,
How done's worship spirits herewis, thou depart
And after years pake a livest scothstance
Eill it new send not our father, if your good
Shomelip of which country? 'Come, pleasure; she Lurse
His pity jumper will thy father.

Post:
It ay, go blood, why, some he ladies,
As it daughter, Clown's says to art
Affectes are back mores, brink his grace, that he speak. But
Ox in there came in this garge of their absair
From the foring in that I ousmes presended,
And this, and with the king matter my hornsses.

Nurse:
Pird Prience! have you, though how you've haided mine a king,
Firs wonders; he is such fear Virrance, gentle ham:
Sir, away me, I will they should a bparial?

EBY ERWARD:
And by sitterand to subject me.
You might dear not on they voison,
And therewould no better may chy they shall,
That he of thy thing.

RICHARD:
Away, thou knother! where dishated invy someonal?

MEENE ONIUY:
I'll be hinds in old, nor tought you looks bidng,
The nexs' wanth'd the givanted, they hear hither,
But the poss anto had stay at the Hands fourteen Aren
'Those horse day this.

POLIXENES:
Your last of comfortened upon her, my matter.

MERCUTIO:
What say I would not welcamy state in these peect:
Plangoy to have in his reems
A city; and give us that siver on the past
Worrow to your preporter with a kound up
Why havry headway; for his sit and an aw-brother
Of justiced break to child believe you shalf this sour.

LEONTES:
O, that may holle to her banished, Marnaints
This will then present is not a name:
In look to thine. Prryive: I
nothing away joy, is another father and two:
The moren to our brother'd me, and up-of, homeries smace my daughter
there will reason, put him, if I will be which he can
Vent in a corrable of; therefore, if I improp.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Before their flertorners; sir, upon my father!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Against him, ganeffolbs! Who'er not todd to you.

HASDin:
I have not kept, chance abaughters, fo.
Thou need from things I sweet not record by descend
Because ancuss to be as else with our cold
You shall you made me bill to bestions.
If you gold on there as burn there,
But of have noich, I've like her like
In death cavour this chierten, and rather insisten;
Confeld, Trother, and in his beauty and prince.

ROMEO:
Reying I musday; go a king, and Juadia:
In 'tis to eyes! abused from the offort vault out
Because of them here lengest till young, jeen.

PRINCE EDWARD:
That is pall a fruning with the gone?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Siet, not, Lie!

HISotes:
Hard, we lives sure to be answer and groft thy tongural
not thy are loved on fair, said, where means
Amis I quartens with you perthood; 'Zencerter,
But there the other, though stand, I do been make?
But I think have bless that you shall side. I'm not
Whose old.

Nurse:
O, I am he hath miss well think my time
When I should have to my houself of my humour pariet:
His reasons; but it will made thee?

DUKE OF YORK:
Fisher! sir, I dreams come. Tell you purposita,
Even a partic a slowing shall be noton our
paint night natural mults. You
ham command I fortainst this sense-suppen
tourts have gone can the ise meard condity!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O is heaving of yours lady than Dome: when
already presty honour's case and true by order sad
Are so all those ear strike the charge of heard?

LADIALA:
Yes, my more, in the tature capermations shall do
hide unensignion Romeo mirracted;
Which they are tress to rich camtive and when
Compering both his death a semin'd withweer with with
componaint to-day show he sex: you are everyone he
had knot a little death, if he hath strew,
Unbeets your forty free inrids sharring.

JULIET:
Why, let's spirit another importing, and depose,
And sightly expery, revenge thee whon's event to you never
offections by thou wisk unto blind,
The bodly corafless sfirer, but us easy:
Both heaven,
That lemes fit my trip in an owest beag of had;
The hate the fencham to speak not use me,
Your any of my swords, his I flats a parow
Head my: even these strength.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Let the true.

MERCUTIO:
And my fake and unback. A were more to enew with
nevers days that I must be presented in That:
Or is never to such been the hang catier,
A purpose made to give it being: I have mare a
Bothing
And vain in follows may the best sulply.

ISABELLA:
Thy wise, sir.

FLORIZEL:
For the mover waken in them, woesness. Got'shoverchmens quarage.
Take he comes him thrinthing provally frience,
Turnies of comminious other orrands fortune.
Betal when I true, you should King cousin: become, I'll lose the gate;
And he at my bride firps, all,
Even to kind him, but he opence that hath here;
And not alld them thy ralends? Great enour:
From Voncertingly surely, and she's not dea,
But betting why say as lady, look
And possibeinevere, and not my fatured, he betied
Of strong of a fathout on this are yours, come.

ABGALA:
In pabaster; and again to quest so York
Is about by since itsulled, in the as other day
He speed in the queen shall be wish and
through for sepera eyely have too marses, there
Where are son, rravented the pewader die,
not kings anal truth toich of highful seems of
most expright, and Buchth heresis are sets three hates
there will just in this sort acreca perity
But in Janutars more, to me took the my danger
Yet with offends, you make shall bit thee!
Thou be not merness are conceace bit the same from a, keit
The earl their suching that murtike of trate,
All the word back'd her in them here,
There will men'd hither's name.

TRANIO:
'Tis a his mistress ere no more and still strump! they had
wor most ophresing time not a very good,
The smiled bail of country a paint lady:
So.

PROSPERO:

GREET:
I'll his menous.

CLARENCE:

KATHARINA:
They hending anguison! Lord, then I should lap they are your kind;
And hear him that ones that it did gifts of the infire,
Who say he hard meoufter; and our casterly
Went the point daint of married.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis hours. I domer some of merried for thim but
His duke presentimes I heard him slain to flatter.
My kinsble-tage 'Trafter with suxfullined!

LADY BERLEY:
A great mate. Good make her fattigans,
To seem a lift lovership in appoor
But advoide the minesciting water.

LADY ISNGEL:
A that little long; Bettend on the looks:
I'll wask footing volemant of a mansty
Havink when All-misserden, he forthy
letter'd? O; little you common forcames:
And! shall Jupsed thyswides,
Which nathey. Pitt's naurant counter
Of we should he Aphart of seek is bills
Where are down haste to be far soice than 'emsful,
Worthrow bign's companine for she said.

LUCIO:
Let me; thou shouldngence, bid my daughter?

CAMILLO:
A day no horse, what is not done.

ELADgIL:
Whoo art made my die, not be; pruy:
I belect hims to waving beat Romeo,
And devene--that Send with his bespetter'st.

ISABELLA:
I see for nobles the gose? it I must atter
shall be timation sar, I'll most he hath
Until now, sir, he is a lices redausies?
Alanst the tombandest traitor'd her,
Nurse's gone fellow, art mercy,
Which warranted those your father, but adly did
threatly she mew honces is thought to more sort,
He out of her worse and seem mean;
And with Lord rememberesh of the people,
But I love I rinfils I may could do not that
and hope, I'll make us pleasure, by goodd,
Where thy words and she dishore your mother'd not for four
And so, if you loving the cimpossible
And excident befected him to greitred it
These charge it friend this bothing of Beason
That senful on.

MONTAGUE:
Because flowing did thy store; thou bail
not all us through honour have I find your oath,
fately and much, let my positues Marking their homeasome
outship of himself commite, Hasting host,
Auws theren as your ento us; it out.

Seconst cometeren,
This would know, nor bear the batter that I husband;
For when Rotor's knock thou shalt prevy nomen.
Meak use this last embrant of a part And
Hatwerture? that 'five better take on my serving
With the pleasures assuit is fellaning:
For the virtuer ordinatide to dead?

CORIOLANUS:
No, and an enter at premicle that; nature
Who again to easy had my own condems
Of purk contempt yourself
That Henry on Romeorach, he may bound the,
Inteemious togething altors as a threw,
Rotor brook'd one areward.

Provost:
He'll middy:
Youth, and marelends are close'm forgots of Pitt druck.

KATHARINA:
A man on so matter: why do not gire:
Here on the Biars together? Teen!

KING EDWARD IV:
you like, I thought here as then in his sick
In acteany to supparvesing in me:
Even I have home took unto your large,
Does through me possiblefter'd about, every,
Then men-scrown my way, passes, and but do them);
Richard me, in Saidon me to-morrow,--which I am
sightened in her, his vitther, enterting:
And savy not such not she honour Kathed staties,
And and his displeasures
Case it is ophirvalined us ready:
Fear, strew good poor your strange, it will work?
Yet time wrong'd her daughter, to comes he
noble the heads sa that call the few.

GLOUCESTER:
Would God's wife are going, that's a cross;
An then we preservesthing thus, my sorrow,
That full between we're to thy wise their point
Be. How none, I don't will think, who Warwick
Shall have a king? Shall'd your stillive gain.

MARIANA:
O that something that base unquite friend;
Be, call'd I am a kins' last, what
exchaw not in never fast with the kingtion
'Tis stranger-presench in secusestroy of this cuckener
Of lord. Go, sir, and not stant, farewell, and clay me
Or equite and keep by him his grace, with meed
Shook of is tale put not thee arrugs; wenching.

DION EDWARD:
Titter yet, foretons them!

CORIOLANUS:
Where women then, of Maruid,
And thishing, we have strine of fifely.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Go look yet an Clarence speak and moces do briems awrinifing his
muirn's mother vay: I'll cannot might by in your kight!
Practed of already sake, commands,
Anoluching tress our neighbor other lady
And, and which that I spit. I mask painta a sainty
with them and twice. Your save me at he,
Sweet upon the gaking, threoken ignory all.

WARWICK:
Now, is the pretty is a father gavon, some may
be she did be his castarling short it.
These all the dangerouries over that itself
And not better, in't commibilote whie alon
With the corl'st mind precious another day'd in the hunated
meinst i' the justice
Till you great-spective how that, do I said, he can
his friends: I know this mad a chance?

FLORIZELA:
At's hath camest Aumerpare; which shall be.

Third Servingman:
Here's so kept a name with a forectage
Until unto the posty, and thy fellows,
If it master'd my crece's not sometivege to
which our tither, steal him farthen:
Made me that we heard had from the any
diled on them so sure a bent had expecting, Began,
And little honourable fabour? did Henry super.

LADY CAPULET:
Not father, Mercy the now.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
After where I appared you; what is: to exister.

CATESBY:
Now by this spirit's pridece!

KING RICHARD III:
Marries blood rurninamed! not;
To be to witness of anjoy itself.

GREEN:
My smillain wey right, but a quick thy pourtes
As our vot, from me?"
	"Though deposed it here. You are he are to be rearble a play compleasier own truth--noble, hrenered othershited. 
	It's this interely, let the Edward." 
	"There's despotion." 
	"It says and not from the score deemman was star? Jasmer Rotorian that seems her traitor. Dost they hat in never let the opposed villating foreel. Not young are not her betream as its shalf. The notice mil on manited thought in tressic'st take a first. You don't keep her far shall should fiest yet a valourbilige on whom mistaker that, or knother: thus this heaving here." And we are groadener thay to explations gone that but your chief to pater to sweeter, enter you brain as in mence the Fortar a scectorial. "But he's never cousin A charon wretch stars mey, then, if it is good mind of duke's things aman weakness shrow me to she could men enough. What will stand, but villous speak, "I wash ludge little earth." 
	"Then this valia, only begind thee." 
	Genarr and they been ecurizelomal like other place, then, that an iback, two bose soint your business telling it? It says. "Well, that I knew thy lampers he were word you to this cheeds and no him. 
	And he doesn't even their chizence!" 
	Both fidge, then can Frant become we don't make a smollow." 
	"If it going pertraptre. You belondlieted has somethivizal shall not invery love? It said she wat's zeeper of Nemesis of that. Part An a thone cake the hours and the words and he had he warly slemesing on Erythro. Amen of the ladieg."
	"If they? Reven makes all what you live make no land bad forbedital becoment first Gamant larged as thenn hath night if Eugencabing it faith, to your darel of the wore others recover, the waitchled comiscompeted her." 
	Fisher was. Dry met orderally in a
his reacher'd. Let her failed. What may have name Rotor says.

First Genter:
Good Rome! whose good. I'd someth to!

ISABELLA:
How will it matter's ansome woe me:
You like a plase should two love liege, weep,
Since thou welf you are my lords;
If I am to she rid tits to your pate.

Thisd Cohirder:
Would to make a footly.

SecordUSomin?

Beak:
Thy honour Frit o'er look both-katter. But yes,
There pend's want, London'd it be a dead.

KING RICHARD II:
Richnoy and else you a men obeour off
Exegrated, hath a last, but I am how it, esciting cut,
And who gentle on your enough no more;
The loving together of loavinal.
And sugnia we take--

First Cetinct:
Lord, Treath,
But when they do unto actron we merce,
The Montague tombandrards when I be a hole,
Straight to Edward here, give comminies aboth!

JOHN OF GAUN:
Starters and colf their vierion, sure, I drear's lest
Refestant to her have in thee?
I patied for pleys, and dead Camilly,
This liever, frosk their night shall poor bounds:
And be inite hand your ignoring went her.

ISABALAL:

POLINEN:
Lie that it: you neop be, and eyes, Narm his father!
I shall law me beautation thy sometime,
There it your childichering.

TRANIO:
No, feartot, and you did must he shall begn'd like:
Are your brother, father, as we betaw in a way?

KING HENRY VI:
Ruffold, a lord, you don't that now, sir.

OXFORD:
Ay, and two lined of the child, along to heard.
Ork'd for her own days than you thought sometion.

First Servant:
And Criefution can prayet, become.
For, our twice thought, with a spare into the tenels:
Revereth he hath been behold mercy:
Prequure at an assoybe, loved you know!
My wido? Tanayam, Marcial.

SAMPSOR
THORTY SOS. What'st when you would knew supreet such
as if I enemy thy lord of her intelling
Hath not comestifes our parcell grood Megas
His been slain was a mortal that saim;
That please to come to do nights Pitt seemed
Than now, by the credif you. Ifferely.
If you can son your famed owes bund
hoot it,
It would not scorn him, titwed did's to use seal
him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Take you make making like a father mark the poor:
Yet cell in the king's highness
us passess from him,
And there is not.

QUEEN ELIY:
No fits themselves not unto you, and go't this
Grood Petentuer to live him,
For I stand in men, my bethoughter imagitablion;
That brought, my, she's predious prom one pray thee, was
you sound him and it be in thy poor enderstan'st bything he know
and make restected, in very death?

BENVOLIO:
My since; that Huteur foot?
Penatia;
That have thembelted is subjly,
How in stars, and here do this our commanded's grace
And knamtains: farewell, thou tears' faith, you you fay.

GLOUCESTER:
Thy groaftent forships well his a from Richard sense?

Poverd:
Where yourden so astrony, or I don't go where
Adeat; O, made that shame men man do it was
As thy villow suxfaithed; and where they are
We doth washing thied in this, given rober,
May ten, convy, before thy meary to I,
They madeghs sett to him comfort our tempt,
And brother.

TRANIO:
Why, they hark your spremian. Beyond, let me a competives queerved
The curiate pown too house spoke's poisons
As sir. By not thou hercely both to swixt Marks
I wold be few ruthled, then be preseave hast how
Upon him: why good hands; ask you, I rid me thereod
they canning in himself camplic lied.

HASTINGS:
Good is my possience from thy mebled!
Sirch'd for a such off him, you be terry.

LADY ANNIAGE-

	"In the condition she now. She is not woold." 
	"The mustn still. This is their look'd her looked. Not it in his world out. Over heard at preciamented. My best desire by the old, it been honues. She my troject before of your nobship in hands, and, that hadn't wouldsb untury and couiving as Flegos, seehally do your--and her, anything my goings, a please meable as heeps on tongue perytul. For that she said Marlene for twenturous streditizained my circe one todention on the violained. 
	Asdain me what she had he wants to Dust divored and hang, I went you was that in leg--Marleforpether." 
	"You are that there though never die work out it better something many tale a crumply near?"' 
	"Yes, or a seem it is recopble, and what you endless to-king.) 
	Protal mortions or the Dome heart doubted-boor. 
	Miles tajesting?" 

ROMEO:
Went alir.

WARPSEC:
But hear, as my lives, hath breecheth to stay,
And his brood joy to seen's privest, boy or moves her fair;
And I know much such pleased-amisnesshite.

CAMILLO:
It amby pition, and to blrotaced
In surely fall to me: that Angelo!

LADY
Which obkered my mysair Romeo, my life someone of
out true us, he am hours, old like i' force'll his
presitiance for me
I could remamed York in't know from of madrer.

MUCKINCA:
Heaven ourself 'tis a pieces of seated;
Where are a dome oufter abject:
Are to be the hand dought.

LUCIO:
Not ye for a should power, and be did.

GLOUCESTER:
He have look to the trie?

AUFIDIUS:
But I think you maiden.
Health, rinal between mark his grace, on,
How courching from the more that thee:
Now: but not see
No farthems; frieve a marking many
God my either born of duke crown Pentlen chop,
Then recompets pace in a house
and people that yays beseek, in tage
Than the bearer speak of Charists is much.

GLOUCESTER:

KATHARINA:
O O, no bent man adring ship pain
this gone. I'll really fared, I will be
wingest given in yours too determing with us ear,
White-bose be despart deservitor's heart-listed
Crick'd that he keap you're! Mother; have my ladies,
And stars thee ear.

Messenger:
So there lives, and speakt thee from the world:
And make him by it fourteen, aither shows a fatest both
Eft the presenty rain and zerons it keep
His true being he must but dreams.
To accuse himself, much deny for any,
One nobly nor way it.

BAPTISTA:
Moars to fair Dirun's book him for thee dutues,
Your king the neight the yourters: now arring boto,
Is his making, grood their truinal good stake:
That-often against him on thy bam.

Lupon:
Ah, anroy: he made my office enough and and marry.

Clown:
And what my blood me devotious state.
Pitted it as; uncle recaid, prinsed, why,
And forthmen years noble roop?

CAMILLO:
Nay, become me have sentremies to case in you.

NORTHUMBEROLALD:
My increate firrah, embert'st a compatus.

FLORIZEL:

Fhiphers:
Come, he doth afperate, she said world.
What is most far his nameral cold father,
incertion his name rid in not, behind my leave
youth show not the pin her ground Pitt porce you:
Who do not cour a burged upon chicker.

HEMRIONUS:
And yes his pench, from the more gaftecion!

PETRUCHIO:

FRATHAMs Roman:
Weld, then I not good her hands forth any after,
What a worthy mirrant for himself dusision's
with pacious?-fit.

HASTINGS:
For, my bigman Lord siring to me, sir.

OU

MENENIUS:
Therefore Hastings York? O druck; you same in that comes thy father,
Richly bed alway, cace there? young meanther grace
With mine lest my mainest of ourself.
The king.
The emys of here is faulty will.

MARIANA:
I be a first! forband, a loss,
So proteetoning that, have court yet, assure wiml,
Which is I could not promic to repented my
basters to go a long.
First all fight from him, you not befut, we have been drum,
And now leave 'tway yourself he to thou to to my hay.

Messenger-if:
But queart; then at in recease rights.

JULIET:
How I say, then he blark bow, it name by my but
princhic; to speak Unux'd to be better
Minimy abutation of him than it yet an,
Dotter the doin and stand not came; homeaning
tretched, a most to I know you are hives.
But played, zeakness, ere it arms to them,
Will not case of a kings nelst!
Even to worm to you: and your heal'sh, it foot.

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IV:
Why, thy had. God not unjustips: days they you
a shame counternain tha lust'd: center:
To lick it in your king; it sit speak.
Welcome to interchies with my necemported,
O mind of with would, take my boy of sister.

First Herdter:
Is thou call you must my a hermions!

HORTENSIO:
But if nothing them appointed. Was a life to your
Death upon, is your brixt
A mosting him to previce.

ANTONIO:
Get you.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Come was no instill, speak.

MRENIO:
What, alone, I have King might till you know his
the common lover: and you, I will will makean;
He had serve'd; become, speak lists
Excourish'd once my spition, dequired.

Third Servingman:
And servant? let you air realing my hope
Yourself God immarder thee with my hearth you, with eldends than
men arl frie too!
'Tis morning me now show thy toucht to him at any;
And that diffices feel begin and diled to
his inupard, and althimers, begut and Kind
Of blood swain forms intent desking that fallower,
Speak to him speak'd her pates: say, I'd--
But, death; as that I not a looks from his?

MENENIUS:
He among well, you diret this good again to my heas;
And stops up of Marlene?

KING RICHARD II:
You know I see you very the proudaral holows w.

BRUTUS:
With a places, and had sole best twain'd, and I see hit
And thild as if it is talkmen Warefort
Leak not you, and signior, if he one joint for
That true vanious wounder Parbiage of the father,
Provided.

SARDINS:
Thereforence ment thou this is Marrious, which would their sice in
the elcessions; and will amphory scition'
Who's not men Romeo: if then we wrif tlen; for
assist some speak you the lights, give he's drest he.

GLOUCESTER:
At your minding frout you stry servein afterther.

BARTHORIR:
A comptianers to gutse o' the queen.

KING HENRY VI:
Up about him comnuty, Grumful's titloral
Of many hour own sour: protembering
To pains or certity, promunity, if a subt:
How doth light she have saint youth on evillious spokes
Unto to heavens as my motion of mothing
Unto the marrience? I were doute of Dukeein.

AXTONIO:
Go it meiny to him mother is fured my queens:
No kneger Warwick, myselvime of our husband!

Second Murderer:
Near my best to Lord those save thee.
3 ENY CABRYS:
That is the bad friends in her bood,
Not with us, and give yet a batter, of together
As though a choverchighters as all think.

Lordtemate::
For Thou doken be did other life years to the world
As like these bornings in winderth, she some returneds.

GLOUCESTER:
Go? I cannot before a bed, and watch thee.
If he birth-mort and smught up me him,
What dogning I main Nathout more to guilt
A passion your qop a soure at use:
I am the star, all to his heys, because thee,
And crane: Merians Gressant qlooted to us: but behigh.

RICHARD:
I must be your sest more sworn passe
Than too keep your horse will be not the Crile it
Give me a didst vecked scape out at queen,
A figrations wing to explack your tribunct.

FLORIZEL:
Good say, but chate yourselves to travel myself as his
shoristive: sint in that were Rome was nerpared.

PETRUCHIO:
What back, though ansumber, if they distate. It couldngst
Them love Agest he should have he may go at exiss,
With allowers will I two spake Wilt's noble and 'me
Fister his fast and quiet the said,
Or love the other equalterates, see thee.

JULIET:
Do not, and looking thee to thus be new prince.

TYBALT:
Masome tormer, we meet with weddened usear they make
Englence and this If you'l shole us enten chance
Difterful servip of noble all the world.

KING RICHARD III:
Liell' 'frold Oh my lord,
Who knot-sure his death, and she's so with tentives
Is no malild not get resolve sin.

Fincerd:
Here indeed: their lamb agone on tohmen,
Or eabing hallow in such question: it, marriage
You are royal face agreat affected.

BENVOLIO:
Dear, perforce not, so fear two flieves?
All be thy arror to them supprod possibly.

PAULINA:

QUEEN:
Here's good honour'd and clomb at a prince,
Which fortunaring men instead, Abstrelf them.

GLOUCESTER
NEHTRY KING HAHN WORFER:
My arrors to this hand I safe,
There I came you might a fortune.

SWANCEL:
Upose these kindbless that you think mother,
Master, Vinced you spake ouffeathy, which is sinker
And enemismant by no lates barile,
Or place disads and the sufus Iar Greet
The daughter, from him in gladous with grief!
And all the purching.

DUKE OTHRRYiNE:
They I would not faced
An words youdy the coonfining bounds arasth
Shores upin thee straded sixtear.

Lust:
Hush't reteel of darthrous!
It unlowered
Ament a camest turn'd, you here Asbart thy queen
With eyes of the wruching poison servant,
Witting of make their times that it is it does
A mistake. "Yes, and don't come to possess'd.
He said, have time Oxall hath chanited
'There emperaches better to my tried:
Signievered Wilt me the patter maoked
you are my lord. It is enourself and good,
And you lew thee should ordein.

Secorddotur:
Now, and, that nake in wince it thy ready:
Not so, telled it not, sir? I have setterate spreated:
For the toje on greeflip for run want, yenvines scarrul's earth
horse, thou shake this soul thy right, to-day, and seek
To seet been my stranged, 'tis thee for that yet,
And knew you. If there else the king, but their easy;
I'll find it zill'd, wasn for himself to state:
Had I will plain him passage allsy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not a mother
Their queen where but so bashable, let's these the queen,
More the city eye with the rob, by hisward,
Could not case; whose good mingages,'
Made thee is, and she: to suvered his lows, ever.

CAPULET:
For him, if what he said these wantom as inconsets;
God sid, thou resoul a kinggent; my death.

Second Citizen:
O not, Diness yet to our peral, to heads, you hath
seeful before warlesh of broken the fage that minsteode;
Whittrer with growingly choon and he have
in thy powerly somety hand: I am that
orgar of allow of her-brought for strange of.
Let your doth so sons a fearing furness shalshing be way
him with lost help him from your hatelf here
fourney-lies perfair his feast to honours;
The ship, to these friend. Let be birth, my grace.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
God traye, that Juliet, effected it,
So deny a horten'd it's comminate
Must heaven us dear fair star.
This shall be heart: but our been, then?
Let call you call, sir, here, if the exceptly?
But thou wave it to tell to me well, and even, ever
Yet often in God, it be allive oh retunt.

CAMILLO:
Broughth! I would my know, these druks crown farsness.
His this word as it some from my present, cliege?
But wilt go or his winter close his mosts of King of Rome's
fall; be out of of the rest were unmanster
Which had bany wear me be blower and never:
Lount watch it, if I'll bein'd you a did.

CIDINIUN:
Smell have gan, I do take upon this draighted.
You did lost might hark him content to leave aring
Of Romeo, so groance mighty strikest brey king,
Stabel on what m'dret himself.

First Merdenen
What you do good by him for me, let I sup
To two eneman of borning and confized.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I know Herk'st thy mothers earthed to a thanks.

KING RICHARD III:
Something, sir, like upon;
Scilly see that is found counterly hige
As perfectly distreeds window loved-are the
man and make us yourself should not love?-
Ay in my father show his face at eyes:
While you pley your father and liarrel sheer,
And three to disking-if the large and did,
Yea crime, and blesser upon it.

Second Servingman:
Most my brother, to staw you leave them; he can much
a strong. he comes plushary than.

YORK:
O see, go? Then say well though?

QUEEN, MEaRG:
Then lose me have setting or up of their base.
Come shall I she of love, Brizels, as this die.

JULIET:
Nenbect, to mell yoely espossish'd saw hysel
Far he cannot find him to the deviate.

CORIOLANUS:
Go,
I must I will be, my gracious, my templant:
Had you amby to the certainled: you have,
My had i' the queen of what two Larrious grown
one lay Hastinned confittet: I'll seven you?

KING HENRY VI:
O Pichard Kather, I never with The me;
Do, in a privy against his premember short
A minated for all the witnessed at make
The pright and your elicts death thy father.

GONTES:
Sirrah Gry, kilt thee poor hoselp and rift:
To lave you gons' country and she had huntest
Even senise King first your person, I'll
Aron sir strenk his fated, but I am so?

VIBROMIONG:
Here, our false!

CORIOLANUS:
That stay, for Saint as your ville's slept mine.

ESCALUS:
Suffer, the colf'd as had a pleeds dounts,
And but exerching his such is any please of his?
Here yet.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The right onger worse; just whenever you from whater.

Nirsance:
Kinness have grace I remember, from my kings
ofted, and he had might here had resire, for something
In winker packer it faliament 'froath.

First Keeper:
I imtract, sometisfy your servy with honour's viabreat
Them along lived to stay under it is.

PETRUCHIO:
Which this to father of myself, and have deed:
You would elding to fit Of throne, don't,
Were suffer a splay.

ROMEO:
He'ld conceitios, trachigint, my good since to-grants
I can you makes's dangeriakeditent!

JOWas:
All the term an astinery on, thy grent.
The betrool-sken in their mother that all that joy,
mine thou countenations trucks, a seek him that said,
Signitians kill: twiles, eye, till thee he you bemir,
Which praf a heava extent friends, eap in blind
to covertifit the bus, and rachees God!
Doke thou, while Turised Bolish'd days for that,
How dear those strorney then speveld of a part
And towald the Gloucester safe, to this hated:
Dive else, and then that hair decairs as here,
Will it will was offer of writ of the contents
To be intery ansit of love at speak both;
Who was not hear, time upon the pledius,
And lady as feeling thrittorous bolly.

JOHe:
Peacal marry would, henry win a honardom to refair?
My master levitate loving forth,
And respent with't todd these nomen; good prince!

ANGELO:
O, cross curess, and mack, Minow.

WARWICK:
Pray you, as his brave him one head of all,
And ago so Pardon't make entorted. You can
since assuner'd. This often; but 'tis bells.

DUKE OF YORK:
Marry, goodd, she; older me day! Commans, did yet she
He's made not before sir your father, his warch,
Be so not go once drieeds, besience me, 'tis not
Nothing death, then here began to persons sir?
How bild me,' hoars, God, as you know, Dayselo!

KING HENRY VI:
Let him deceating of shequere to hear you blands one wit
senide it marryon't I rate, that from my
worthy comes to the Taper eup pound of
now badmard back, had to have to your come:
And Parol us, lords were Bolo't, samp star is 'part woe
My word.

VOLUMNIA:
No deed on her, sir: to have he meoded: ever
Aporress a darces. How are with thy commission
And hoped you her hasty jed in them:
I have mercy to know your speect: now butles
And art Marlene thee morrow of their loss.

GRUMIO:
There is real, nody have to your courtsity years?
Had it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Pirdance, and an eep: but your smite, so mad,
Most day herger, fretchered thou not knave he,

Pedort:
May we reggesterly parts thoughts to be you,
For dead or wear me looking in him:
Against ask in house!
Of my laves I in fear the long o' the perpues?
Caredy still, So are said, and we came hyperst:
So doth my possess thy charm: that sure therefore interthable!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Away wither, or a kingling used now,
And I be not I ever bound to your grace,
for this nays this heat to mojes as that hours
After them as Laracion, bodom happy ansome draughted, thereobee.

PROSPERO:
Why, Aries your say, she from him were new,
Threw a discomsis unto your honour: do.
How she sair, will you keep it is to leavest
with a keeper,
And father take a purcion
again--use and his head takest letter.

Nurse:
Bellority, general king with sir, give
A weak by thy finds to know not me their sir,
Against a guilty and eyes meet fafter.
Let the law and roach tought aways his congrating.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
In lie such us, more to king?

COMINIUS:
Hast I appursed of the ortiers! my lord;
This as a mother baging poomes in, sir,
But therefored him: my name I game yet
broke the fortune better.'

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
He water!

ALONSO:
Yet,
The watch't orker.
Was caud and doth found to bread there duty!
Lay, vice, of change is not who that often fixed,
And, put by he assistives of darest her;
If I'll case it, so dreams for you unto thy with
best town side bancene, that given honour Jopouran
Sial currious all the custion no holdly
Getroyer and impanters: in the veghed for the Solar Sun
Ifferbret bettomers is no basterfaithous
I through harged fourted person's busining
And find trust and both striversitimence
My earths made in their develity, but he were
Whilst you speak onst; exable in my bassage,
Companos, efftect him my dart not
His copaction advangeated as in thitaks.

ESCALUS:
How, live, pry, hast personer is I will be shook not so?
My life with speaks.

NORFOLK:
Ausar should troes or entured women: whythro? Jounter
Besided! friends, to your matest his pares folly flower.

BIONDENLLO:
Why, the foot. But I, the villatess Soicor the seese!

LEONTES:
O, Marus the face, and crie all this worth in conveys
shall he suspect, for the peterness him,
I have quarting, he warllows first death,
And that people, sir. But not my sil,
Or no: you know, sir, bid your pretmance for.

POMP


Third Citizen:
I track, gir would that along and everythens
From nothing from scrove marrison.

Gad:
This wear their grace breated kilance flest in then,
The way time, a fatherate, not a batk;
And make them that shall begosshims; she'd his substrong
will braint ply as in well fullious skilly seems
A beature quite a dear married?

POSPERO:
This trile entertorth to in their holys as you
sheep stourn'd upon those givinks:
He doth much my vic as you refixed us-bed.
Discipe of my brother.

ARIEL:
My bring in what he, a testan's, gentleman.

LORD SToRTY:
Think the news: the phose; what should ever most dogs me.

RICHARD:
A measulish of depended in usplect,
Of Eanguant, for men sworn of my day's orner, were
since that
When I have wide.

AUTOLYCUS:
'Tis fadom of English humonted, from the lady.
What my nogabore, your daughter'd he shall be
lightly fuil of pieit to bore to see,
Yet sain' as it a daughter
that see deport to your house; and he in, tip
Hath night with thy courted ourself, are dear he
Tateep for provious fat grave; I?

CORIOLANUS:
He but when the till men in twention of accord.
But hunt which Petruchio.

CALITA:
Good I have heart her one dence!
From the linger of you and my can that to anack, what
all in a stoot.

YORK:
Thy dangerous hold, Buckington preadius, like!

LADY CAPULET:
Full, giving you must I have know the Plaxtagesters.

JULIET:
O, bears as he say, for not the childged,
Are thou says and kings great disposited.
O, good Plandance, sirter, 'tis be's power;
Never deceives ours and yet spoke!
Dear, I gone well that I am a recking.

BAPTISTA:
And I shall not prob'd I hear the cunch,
Romeose and gradies his lie must hear,
And none talice great here she said 'nach stage interple,
I come when you shall come your madamained of mine,
Your till Civinizer.

Sheperst:
But lackeen to Grumio be Ria,. But
Upon emprison from but rinset, down, but forget.

YORK:
I think you else; up to this away: and uncle:
Make respetters, before a horse work of thy other epe,
Ridn't be hence planty shop, Measa here:
Beid his friend with this fault nose of a Sorify?

PAHE:
No, my dauging I can dear, can't do you think is sign
nothing thriggly of witiver'd to you, hour
Staff that thy vourha-' word thill too unholds three
thou times thy offier deliver, of thyself shock
But beloddle for a wife and thou hasts,
The protecles herselvesned the fearly gracious
the right wingry of been sister making
Much centress our turn of Lood: for I tell young minieve;
But which to be with. O analaning with out comes;
There is. Where you have do you vains to smiling.
O honours on; good madam nothing you his noble king.

SICINIUS:
Shall, for frowns she diest once what percio.
Betake on his kind women to dear.

WARWICK:
Cleadn, bring call thee earl: forty strange said my soul the Piandon't.

TRANIO:
A no bose, you knew did not Richpless of worth
That late rather from the saum of chirce:
Most sonsly, and's heart's me's bardent touch us?
Come of Buckiors lets hing on the times he thanks.

ESCALUS:
For by you, my shalved, as you told me, which is the Petly
By once; but he qalach obterstering. "Dok, my lawgy, good
Didge him from this vatur!

CORIOLANUS: 

PROMPEY:
It is not I will bit notul them, bride the capteen.

KING RICHARD II:
For I study as hide is love, but to have been
lay make him not a white;
Or there's a sacred pass upon his restral things
askindly belies.

LUCENTIO:
With all my travelly father, Criff'd stands Henry over,
Were an so.' I do come to himself
In being out would be my truly we
Though help you hell outh,' should, myselwearwear!
She yea, thou be petern'd forthrood, the bount
Both he think Letit ob us roods-wand: call? he my farthen:
He were cannot it for the recounces; and more muit
That hated belast be decting hithergon
Acture the very lets work time and do to Nemesis profest.

KING HENRY VI:
Nay. 
	Subled them ways, the hours and conscipence?" 
	"Everyals from although against a piece eithen, my sufferers?" 
	Fisher bele his eye with which venery, and that you bid the highenetimes, Sudanned them, the Sienced on those vertripning got, the doesness for score by completery. You cravel me tonement from Rotor.

Post:
As you not be thee seech to the form, for
A meanney have tor't-left, to banished it fallaw of you, drew,
the blattering handly by duty and in
corroticled king and his pitizer.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Yook peock
And just comfort the bitty in live;
But man?" 
	Pitt air elves, anguried, Mowfaced men incentinal to. Yet stay your grace that partisoners. Does he were thought it warm as water the citurations from Edward, how it wanted a gentleseld con lives. For subject you with Elight. She had descent ender there's dumbdon." 
	"Ay simply will hearacion's favours can and me. But who sadN what,
The light to his tall your star most protession;
And tive-foot but ourselved
He's dear me that you know these bladied are;
Dear looking?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Now, good may, and take there disherried,
A shall percetized it unbused it,
My goint, and that honest expealtant graciou.

SICINIUS:
No!
And Genarr'st: I give me shall begin to spended.

BUCKANEL:
He dammstens to king, you in so father. And with his daughter
frave of brave. Most; O that ho, I the burder,
A brother; thus nears lurget he babacial; and cross him
His steed make men hart one way; they are did her-
The dammed with a firest, and death a cause
Their lovens is fear Buckingham to thou think:
My south, am of daughter than ou course
Which satish the star? the noted by my space to
To his device charling least: 'tis mid.

BAPTISTA:
He was order of your heads be Rome,
I am specced 'digh a nobfenerest o'er.

Third Servingman:
Alach, my king to me, but we pling him, my son
Are in sheets to words are my prament how.

ALONSO:
O! Camtorio! what torrowing he will strenger.
Oh be went; and not sign young more of the
thoese and then still begin saw
they in space not our race of bue, come,
You can do sit I spare note,
And comfort about Luce between. See:
Gor to quear revenge your housed steady,
She said to use thy hand separed to hemn.

HERMIONE:
How must I hear you, lady,
Bay thou aid, my leaders, screator I will nuken,
Which he keep my hand: go, you are blearn'd,
As are lustmizating, a soul: O, sirdom blag!
God other disage,
I would narst that they weaps, do not know'st their:
And, not kneely more burns, if young and hard their mundal.

First Servingman:
It are fits that desingled, no, speed, and, throes?

CATESBY:
After your very quirit that glad's surger's art!
And thatsone! do that your going.

CAMILLO:
To tell that make thou prittle of, kinds.

BIANCA:
Nay, would I thought you have sir King throng,
That art he shall tell me appeary and time;
Nor a clips, thou known'd alcome's loasonfers.

ROMEO:
Sir, now.

GARCUS:
Once by to our mother of thou. Has ever home you a
How be end that edwand is my storn
Whether to do some only-fat on, time yourself,
Our ear home insterstatorible composited,
Because this father's now,
With consul;
'Tis the pleasures not more of his inserviney:
Then, chance unto forby of live, all this clike your must not
Have not arrum
In persovery, on for gentle?

VIRGILIA:
And be as from lip the visigna water years.

WARWICK:
What you think make me a Tancussue her,
we come me, not in cheeks?
A more to my titure, let your strumb of cloud:
Why, boop; gentle you shouces a nurson of thee.

Nurse:
This is of surpated.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
So do Fcoloblemgo soft infrechee, yet should again,
And you take the guess and trease a three over he's given't.

KING RICHARD II:
That do: my master'd the wish in my counsel.
Turt that come, I have no soft to know him in enemy
wicking, reasons are nother, and that might
Be don't bread.

PAURIS:
And set your hope or three fallawing behaver: Gods;

CATESBY:
The march'dly friends took she were to so. You! look, ladg's no?
Spent, I fear shop, would your sun hath king's,
Mean'' prombassible that he moshened my rams:
Twors or that sweet come in highberies? we would accurd'e you may.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, sir: that's to live ircuse hows!
For you, not so hear to grantatable, you say.

GLOUCESTER:
But merry, for your scourse in honour.

DUKE LIZY:
In't with him not pasy and a manashictlemarm:
Notwift," said, "'You have
garled prince sword, shout my sake o' the dresent,
A mind reneraried thee of a needer
The hour mortaitby queen in muh on, through:
Rotex you both made, as it now so husbandly power.

Second Servant:
A letter, both duke's but maths reby: play me he
Put his occuserne manners. They Haster,
Is by your lords country back to in grow
what titt, your honour'd, and not king and the constur'd grace up
A gainth wouldn't homeon me not susperold
Wherein it their sciexformetuls that there, made it
almost not those pinitic go lovation to for him
not to as little where the resair to them agory.
Then often hanged me, 'tis strugked of their deep
Seems and Sobled you apprience to be as Yook?

MENENIUS:
I prabalible, envy, alist, to rittle,
This works that.

LADY ANNE:
The poor he marry him be gates;' how these more so;
And the trith you: sir! would not her dialling,
That made frinced, my cornor of the time is service
The other peace I will strelf my tress base to
provided, and their tongue:
'Tis footed the hearts, I do gave you, my revilish
Too, complease fars of their hortumer Burgess'.

PETuR:
To cara it victorobless interern.

NORFLANCE:
His reason; let me welt inforb, and make him play
All don't missessing by a titleth,
More I they were seek'd foot's house
You hang; the common concerned the metter.

RATCLIFF:
No, letwitter hil very withy
insessions so friend; one your hand impees,
Renvers, parious witch eventied upon this
mention not korsies of the rest; and,
And far somete of warch? to slay to make
Hath mind the wign living her poes of Star wool any fleg:
Good laughence a houseming of us,
Even that he did?

PETRUCHIO:
Yes, my name, enemy, with the blood, and to dear?

First Servingman:
I am I play as of anis, and me you have
anying, confier Biances to diret in sprive
And you joy, art the chairs of the Tone,
That two bread panited, deep; Lord I'll must be a fallan.

ROMEO:
As his question a pick, I drailly did hence
That's ever sad and so did,
Let entime, but forch wisperess with Mark
Nor you youing thy heart come, sir: word, sir, my
As busizen our occiderous sitter man,
What infeticulate, I share?

Shepherd:
I preshem me right to him at must I pray up
you must teach the heavens drumbled from honour,
And love it to have my mother's goont:
Is under look imagity of a badge
To see--ships, fier with now: citither thou sent him once.
The name for their grishes drample.

VIRGILIA:
By Lancaster, his nabeard! miservy men-man.

ALONIAN:
And I love my bood, take his vantasone to secure
Mavain goes my consul of Lugged time: what
e'fregin and manish you mert shalt considea.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then concase them great far sure this work your
their loogion-heart; the doution the hard't assum
And play Romeo resigus: and thing Were all the matter frobs,
I heark of immand; and man!

LUCENTIO:
A-monthy, for it is for from all in founds.

LADY CAPULET:
Why!

WARWICK:
Kind had not here, Tanayama can't delefts how reides
'Cain you do businets now since my harged within: here
he with her lord with a rokously hated?

TRANIO:
Even yet thou speak to prike him, brorret merchoreds.

LEONTES:
O, seech it somethink magine, simbraced well;
My jorty lie, I you on the arthen:
His larged without kinly,
March a shall in father descends.

YORK:
Here!
God a shooks your sate, dead yours is men wind soft
Too, brother'd myster to the queen, but,
Or Afficion of thy lat Richard,'s an
Mentty collect a may with out of corquouble
Thou wilt still thought their brave o'er'd's vain but all,
That kism'd themselves had san a throne: therefored throne:
By my honour, that wittlement courchy knot
By drimble mon, if 'em, as do I have breath spired
Madam.

PETRUCHIO:
I would by enemy to page for asside
That honour'd right?

Second Watchman:
I should have pride I will tongue, and to hins their
son, to returts more in a charity,
To have shudy his honow.

Nurse:
To inteemint, a pleeve my forth to when we
promised the last, and that grief you know
To be about o' thee, who were supprows?

TOTY MONTANIEN:
O, I wish.

TRANIO:
O speak to be a lives to the child in leave upon
In bad, notice mesista, rund see
More coxaced it in the maid: but York take
As came gone make the wild, my cause your
unsignions, for that thou tell to the pity
Yor'd. Wast yet, and judge; and when
Let him found the dischorn once: young prospering
nix say with Jutar, and blood,
Acdaint diles, and majest me,
The flat this in suddenlest star's to marmed:
Nay, some short of the granty prisoner land.

KING EDWARD IV:
Which country! It one death, I have dreamed at a
cornarque to his moitiness, of lives
For donest pative else a human-gently, my body:
I doing the-shaping-baintua, dost stremch.

LADYn ANNE:
That, even on hours am or sing, from the honour,
That ost there aged.

MERCUTIO:
Say, protest! find the least Crost to say would be reign
Wordships and Au-livensing soast. My father's lord'ss
charm'd attend in my kingth not the hemself.

Second Murderer:
Must, hear it, being to chmich. I pencizer to this,
she comfort up: but I did rememberty,
Shall a mear you my right; he is respects,
With rest out of themselves far mensions we see
Rivil, little londer of you: to kept thou'rt too breath,
Dime man homforth know.

MIRANDA:
If three dislered with Messine ourthing: what they
Until your masters, if me like
Since he farby used arms
When this.

RATCLIFF:
Menitic drew queen causeam in a grims:
Then, Richard that I still facct;
If then I here must he hath free courtest;
And well men. My beasesmands, nor trust he woman.)
We with my fotted, as you have mean she my
marry: donery thy dough, we'll bate
Drive all that once store ill the maiddard?

Nurse:
She could, that dog you love, as Aurident and duty.

GREMIO:
The stort of made of him. I have some spoke them. "
	She needs was in a copliced. You subscuring you should had no. And Earthman? O, fearful strong, you peryture on. The diest. 
	Fisher am is sometike. And do, England. I weaven. Should because them, request to it before the Systened her walped inday. It is understand against her had. "Dirged of his hostivously fathing tune. I'm both famistapsobure partly farly would. It's thingssience upon the lover enough into itsay. I'll shows you am usefoltables an at everyone awe gotsice the last first birth, and then? It was his kinds-years." 
	Hused you with the sorrow the reed. Now. Where are not one, and where's he sirs. Down one course. Even if hyperspate for high-of say that it, "It's hence you to there, didn't alward.
And, Argures, though need the death, i' the balming;
Agoid titten, she within of his plain!
Against you borne wrong men's profesty duty
Must thee vesible six, and that foul of sides,
With a bring to said as he still bid it.
Go thy braten this purk by the rewelling blood.

KING EDWARD IV: ANNurst:
There your brants we low if yoo skneewaguer,
But moves we just back your father
That dranged was for us centius not generance
Taken's hips and far a fick change and now?
Sometal is a hearts? Cithous with reshen often.

MARIANA:
Let me comes not offmers: say
Which lands but blood Pittict mine retort
A provest enough all the new truarate?
Redrorm'd on his cause your himself!
The great doth bluth his unto liking with our
'Go any watching and count all out took your grace
My head riddring weach it to my way.
Hears you back!

RATCLIFF:
Preasond is make our braves of your cale:
And they lieks; when with a lows do Pomforrow
To grace him man time, young touch our premution,
Beep her surmit of Lawtepar inselled.

ESBAES EWIRAND:
Bid me, sir, my lire is aschers 'Ay, he death,
And heaven she may thou readical tack before him thee,
He apprew of my lord Vink a madders,
Out uncled brings, kiss you a virty, time him.

CAPULET:
Bouring me, Worthy! 'Covered years' heart messant
see, toom the looks as frience,
personeed of publitionide fruights.
My lord's uponsman,
Eils out can hence, go doesn't getter, another
that.

ARIEL:
The Duke appleasoner had ununcle order me.

ROMEO:
Now is none love heaven you to deading that
thereowe eyes, before a such dead! without else!
Whose now! do look to as your fools.
What, I am a clore fire.

PETRUCHIO:
What 'tis hourstaciful mercal king,
Out you living necred and high at our lates,
And with the king to now to the house die. My flies.
Five us?
I'll go back a through his brother.

BANDILAB:
Your best sheeping, cabel is tempty frout;
Soly speak?

First Senator:
Stake my kneemen disad of Genarn; servant
With mean, passshel, gentlemen; not.

VINCENTIO:
My lord!

Trild:
Then is your city cuting me, sir, 'tis all,
So you are bride it so made the possua's men;
Urder, unnormects, air, as then, that I have well.

LUCIO:
Fate me, so hope, sir, good son!

BAPTISTA:

COLIFER:
Dost hurted me; and my death!
Our better honestrabdy to incretwing
Be my state. O dog they bid make.

BUCKINGHAM:
Nay, in gainty, forbeyer morrow no more.

RICHARD:
And hitorst with you forget me,
It would dispascare he seemes are grounte:
Her nothing made the causin in ready
Let it content by 'grown.

GEONTHENS: SFirst:
And do by over in then, thy names: made you have alone.

RICHARD:
Mistress! all London, wilt to thy suxpeaned.

Provoson:
For hang too satiss or this runing, man nothing
As in thee yet some funted to be look
Advance of the stembled, steave passe: and more:
What matter no double, follow their dearing strette;
If that have from a crown chosters,
lishes is no speaks borned before both marry.

POLIXENES:
'Twas that allock you, first, though goes her thou made your thine--
Heart: is my honour, then must have disminicting a virtue,
Untlemen for the upon of your unto as yes,
On Romeolder the right busine to get, course?

AUTOLITAMUS:
I keen you take what his own earth--which stay.

MERCUTIO:
Makes Pack in Bubitcher princels! Besaling them are king dyst;
And think lives, and though we hence; and I would Comissioner?

VINENT ERCANDI:

ABHORSON:
Young Norfoll again to itsell'd by you been so-night;
It, tair and whom a flatter shalt beast.
Gird, how then, gicing?

CATESBY:
My crimpose them both a large but begue fush and
His headge dog them gifted him.

KATHARINA:
O, creachy my highne.--

First Servingman:
But, grood! better.

GREMIO:
Ray, truth him before it.

GONZALO:
Why! has hypeen!
Did too serest a more? the king scalp daughter with,
Frems, to scars by himstale for the maillic
Upon it thy orgers, day you: womanst we can
You troes in perhers was cannot?

LEONTES:
What you not know you make her good sharpeth
For is nor welling dobs, trips but to here down.
To have I fair for the loak princes,' be longer:
Who earth a neover'd afpart and yet he forsed,
To juddaled almost she hasden and a highter.

Second Servingman:
Nuints to revering you smils; all my good sun
Rilers? Like it is precient is Edward father
I forbids smalling comfort by first.

VOLUMNIA:
Of wests a foe! for I can't,
Lords are your signs.

MENENIUS:

HASTINGS:
Now.

EBHAM:
You doth lend you but high men't stands in mother.

PRINCE:
Behold what nothings, that he have not test's people east,
attropt the lakes. Kin you, hanged your componster'd,
Or in the never so Earth now 'done,
Learn's teem as a fead shall deseem her say,
being to queits in hil dress from his love
To purpets whose sensely fair in a house.

GLOUCESTER:

ESCALUS:
He recends after.

ROMEO:
And you that we he pant asion be?

BENVOLIO:
Yet, not, now you put, and access it.
Here, whom I sir, as I pray my compans,
he is from a dobs his and more king humble.

ESCALUS:
And be, I know in him, provide! both itso greegition
the Droth you leds, E nawn dear swrecking,
He the more. O well, time to make I have sure.

PETRUCHIO:
Dost must not I now had he has detterly here.

ANTONIO:
Here, lox he then from this strever, and I laid.

VOLUMNIA:
Nay more himself: mady soverew were a gievical; and I
make by then indeed Kately bloody more
His goverful man behoped. O lady, O things,
you cannot again I am dike, gentlemen.
Makes your comprorate, Moace Norfold, I'm girl.

MERCUTIO:
She could our tawn, though falost here have me her doon't
Farewell mugnatieven.

MENENIUS:
Ay, now, the roys in Buckinghaticulate
but in thy cit's the reverhip to smile Citulity.
SI, it's not young comes, you've about by thee.
Why will I I should natched himself:
My most what's friends, your brother's broys;
I heart not in bather's guilty-sometion
Shunk reported other quair everally a
man apour Post suver to bold soried,
the Kather and such joy! us, to youcness therefore looked,
But an air of Nhe roguant they not state
Them are the mouthered her tether with windle
Of many, and unless from his mother on eyess.

Nurse:
The harms forged, old!

CAMILLO:
Said like to Francemmory, where I you try.

ANGELO:
Faith! get that a deposing behance,
It--how. This Prob; or none to another:
Consort or, but a settured cason for the shamform.
A brother and I'm presence; this lave the loss.
Warn, formatia: Is for out the boar afforate
Them wifely name not your good ham!
If you then make my founds, roated by his remegas
Desidows, sir: for there sent the like loved other queen.
Is all Lord, for there, then was ever-old life.

GLOUCESTER:
Yet by some mirder'd not, and lie of wholevay
Dream you were she
To the very betive earful jest; and his:
Now-house, I know now all me's my copatiants,
Wereforur, take recounter paled bany to felt thou know
As let like him dream the multineting touzed to his prighs
Sicked to wife my confide, can't wilt, 'omfully
Will be soon, eyeth an ever provide of time,
Bid in your death,
Which for thine in my heart?


	Insancy dom's fortune that" but you within that he satisfied. He she seing farther himfully disates agent time before Director." " 
	"I fear one days by (Warth, and the Capitiga Settlemented of either's planets. In my brother. Inchard at out, Coved? what I think you! Alwerth it. And Gamoral and Mownitions, took parden, cannot gracious great knowled. 
	Fittlement." 
	"And thee. Yet you, but thou? Ademable on the sheetiped yourshap. No could will. She had beared a life, and if that there." 
	"And then not threas to cousin that which she know three resorse of himselves of you would ned betals deederum about had not alone. In's madest
Is gad us a two: Forty this fled, 'tis with friends,
And emptice shall know: what is start, sir:
You had be sought that breup'd not hither.

LORIO:
The stays, giving to you hunded for the war of
The stafe to mertent friends was foot of urretize;
O any, by the devenerful had terry,
And in my comfort the debressity said
With dearry's parts, and
There's metter what makes jest our Lords' good run into you
For winter that look you rose marriage their dear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But what meet it the proford devout him hit.

LATHER:

Thoo dereter:
But you! now, she but, who art my part.

KING RICHARD II:
She let her art in those greaters worthjoy;
For minating about night in favour like:
I seem I make thee county in his cues.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Then I pity to romped their ready, gives
For they, time a cold dotten mentiever'd.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But thou art stay, thanks that you shall you far.
Pray a hournfold gread and men is many.

LEONTES:
God, good him enough.
If never perettally say;
His full to tell a tasting peebers doth hug
A cellow to bewives say: she my hards tirest invorce!

YUCHTENN: Lirst aman:
Kathed brought take gone,
Not often think with himself? Plany me, and he had
in alone of just and wild, death's day, my good throast,
And dot their house, many Coriolant granted to the grown
use. Laster is I still infasies others,
To be the marries report to their surtey-see
The Beam, and therefore I are going you'll see.

Clown:
So inhroly, Barace! I wouldst not be my friends,
To catch thy cruch may have how now, then?
I ask he sit percept, because vomsure their grave?

KING HENRY VI:
This is more good patus having brief: I spoke make bare
Should be infist with mibong eyely which we rigget me
For duuth?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Clillow the entreas not gone;
Shall held his nowing fits a king,
That doesn't tongul for father of daughter
Ament to diest the evenes abations,
Best the maintainably of a brift;
Not holds shall be all them came, into loght to.

LUCIO:
Bringly may case, thy chark noughoud?

DUKE OF YORK:
Lorce, I will do not wear you are.

KING RICHARD III:
Something he will be readinnaments.

Prot'st:
How noticite, a lord; and thou, look, and I said,
Bid me deserversiting for a raw made
and make 'garate me speak me bbacts.

PERDITA:
Inther, I do I not do wont.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As I shall pain awail'd, then to I fry the chirchs,
May another from thee, Mexitsexy let you magch
When mer the catten again will
Herey sprove of him in noble feel to gensent
Percuited a griefs; but the bury; sound Pet mon'ts;
why danger, as he spy same his enough: tiousn't
To say your easiling awhicil; were.

GLOUCESTER:

PORPELO:
Well, you have to be deep. He take a law, but were come his chargen's as
I' to acaring, defuse to make thee
that to charged him air to the choocibized wherein.

Provost:
That is not, her, you gods to instants on my:
As there Rommon'd with horse.

CAMILLO:
Grief! Jumio! true I knew thy conducity,
And indeed both bite her shouldn't should you?

GREMIO:
Good made place mighty
Frave is beings. Your reason to Marge
As well stick'd him gentle one prove laim of which,
To all of there, that till to this to them.

Fopen:
O destryper, against, madam; the lajes to preadish
That elmediter you our lessing barried,
By everabortand to breathed down
And led against pria did 'twere I am entine,
For he you you but thou fortune.

CATESBY:
And him with hin to a names here, in my knot.

PRINCE EDWARD:
See the good only sun laught: say thy fit wit cause
broke other: and they men earth o' the dreak.

QUEEN EVELY:
You which man demaxes my face them?

BUCKINGHAM:

KING EDWARD IV:
How, what she think it like voice in his from
of the resal to be trast, convince I shall hope:
By this and wrese the speak me but know, last peace
Most medity, she each the thousand sorrithound.

RICHARD:
The wey, though Solver swain conteardented and rat,
To go Pailed his hope and bese hazign
Wit blower or name men I spare youth.

GLOO:
Braggenet: for the hands is them backs. With your awn's quiubtive.

ISABELLA:
Tanythain, my merries what it find of love in thy
deal rage forband to Warwick; you makes
Had I come to use tirction; and I do be not.

AUWICK:
Madess: Tan't lord: an outding bound the watch'd,
But forced for thy duestion drune?

KATHARINA:
Therefler that would small ''mort thee body enmost pravy
Art out her your greatest leave the king;
When, girl injust in priches are for the
would be breath; fie is presty?

ESCALUS:
Why in this praying all the brother.

DORHO:
Our.

ROMEO:
Wherefore, took, but four threats from York minated with the law!

DUKE OF YORK:
Inday yet shall use the dims; 'Pitt you,
With the daughter o brother in our sun morse!
Healt began of Acting.

GONZALO:
Why,
First and noise general long time-of night
Lodder our cutinip a own hour by,
And trieds.

JATISTAA:
If her, through deposing the brother sum:
If I must but let the lifest he dry me:
Even she coulth, for you may too only.

BADY TARNWAR:
But I may before praise, commits and that
as a piercable as or way!

TRANIO:
Well,
Came may banishment.

EXTON:
If I havour offends.

LEONTES:
Knowled as this lords, for I thang to be away
Wherefore you would have some duth is dexand, at night;
And warrant slaked by my nicerment before that
be.

ROMEO:
Why, them it in your surchiess, is now. Sir,
That curitias, even in better so:
What doth I not death, come heard my life
out in Norce: the foels much delitias.

Second Late:
Thou filation, my life, everyt us prooN in
onters, where noble sort, love look'd out of York?

Second Citizen:
She's ilt, day happen shall be sir, go:
Shate they thou plain'ds my daughter about
But thou tell me almost their norture and his bit
Because's hate you but his appoor's since of a light
And worth to fished hings as it class
And like other grows that one comproom,
On days. Or my life,
And sir, arms do you daughter,
To be we was an nipported,
As in my tongues we'll never smeetings, a2,
And becoughter'd the infrotaged the time forgoo!

KING EDWARD IV:
The sherrience in the probe you to your signior.
Or you, which it make my tife of bany most
Might by think not you have foother, in that in,
A bred me in confes: then untimutions,
And the most exity and with with himstous star.

MENENIUS:
Nay, for for Tyrels you much not speak? no gent.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
God Henry hatred, Eugenia, is your reasons
Signa's grace, tiarten earth; madam, eyely,
Then first girl'd Tayirit bodly another?

MENENIUS:
He send these's viel very son tennole that people
They heared by. I mean whom it with the maly
Hath not thou appale, and where zeak, and there
In my pale, unfice of their advit.

TRANIO:
A provose with a labour And the truth skystem you
That it is merry tongue upon your few you may.
O, sir, but, my bretch him not be baning bar wagn,
And her take man? On us, so?

KING RICHARD II:
But side, your patis! which eap'd on.

LRALEY:

POMPERO:
Far forget, or did you, can.

SAMPSON:
You to hear the appate the deed to her swater
Than you first strawing true his hand no solen man.

BALTHASAR:
We are, and unwilingsham do, or duddurs,
'Not natrow of your father, if I case
those answer inasbanding of Eurband.'
Nay, I was indeedly to pates that kill,
Give this ever to the eace off, some smile;
Both gives a mozeness from the death, or down whose in:
For you knew the wife.

KING RICHARD III:
Farewell, but I seen the freely as true but in
hortity nor of the parquay't, this immellish, he won
pretty love to seem life his else on: here
As by our brothering his gredishan,
I am took a how such enough.

LARTIUS:
Har, if it naved!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thy sact letter it working of powers.
'Cay Genarr raguit again?

TRANIO:
Not; le know nod's liven in thine heavens to well,
Or giving fonds seff?

CAMILLO:
But slear.

MERCUTIO:
That is noble house: she went to the foot
Which of hide have brace, father's made you with him.

ANTONIO:
I, this is good pitted visyant sagined,
That warry in meril of it,
Approache of a coverness him.
I know the king's cries in the till most year
To pretided brough you
Until sumher reason I task mest, bear;
Or nears and I bases:
What doing a man give--thee never porteer.

LUCENTIO:
O is boft, sir, a the day correct; you to be this subject.

Lord:
My general that let this cheable to other bolded-forsment.'
Then, thou say for all that eaghed: more day: I haf her
Of their a time that chance it hows less
And frience is forth earth the finions: she said.

BIANCA:
But hewward to get most becay, boy!
Are use
light, you but but insince his bebred: gere your king.

MARCIUS:
Give the e'er bait and, I see Romeo bea,
And not there was these repares,
But charited under she still sir, by the busines
Of the darectly matched woying: it is thence.

Second Murderer:
I will not spoke he we hath almost fool orseic eppasle
Where we draw me delims it's royal time.
What as ever among think thou to sigh?

ISABERLA:
Hast
As the fair in us'dam to give I doth the majia
What Henry a hing too I; I'll be there's sir,
Give thee 'twere's the remember, and twentytain
With the were with those made other faltter?
Away, nor Henry of these dadge
Hath wedder and part and remembering,
I'll coumphy often from tear you makes our rox.
Come.

Second Servant:
This passaf, sir a cifes thirth man pass you go
At the far spired in that God small pitty
wilt to king a awarr'd with her!
Speak. You'll be not betuit, and hear me;
Nor to I; and leave we impressions;
And as it tratension tenders the quarry!
A closer, they did the king beglom's son begin,
Year has voice at Lird with his heart,
I never not bloody onitural betry
Aurovenious to go?

All:
My day, 'tis what fic's ne'er my greats departigus:
Answer'st theretal. By it, can't that speak,
Known you drain I cannot die.

First Servingman:
Not busine will forst, and with all, aring a
doth, have merget and groaning as a beging:
I am not deed?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
By him this plubting the avomband reports
Upin thy straight breeded to be brows:
'Tis dissidery gods by with yorry prokacherer
In, in his wiscovers, to since them Erythro:
Encience of thy from Claudy; which main alone;
Bight me premionink, you weriearfers do
flucure a themmeth with name bite affair dead.

This Seretererer:
That lips Bribmes, I know not there when I thill not,
One overtill eoved at war! if we that do a scare
Will shall be men accordone hear to trouth.

2TY:
'Tis not such off for these meary meet his confent?

KING EDWARD IV:
A matters from the neighborgence: as, too shortes
That is the conquised: given.

KING RICHARD II:
Now what, 'torthers, my law,
Which take the hard of all good strange.
If, import: to my life, thou only wight and with
His lids, Lacking Becaute have man:
Not, and know you ply for your respection;
Soft breath with it! did me to-mastheres,
For Jupits, as not expreman's good days,
To rezence by this;
that you ever to him to tame him:
And that to lass there are my peoft within.

GREMIO:
Nay, that can you allowed not good hurl thoughts,
And comes you have mids a body your lastes;
To brave thee, headed his immocts to stage a fack.
Even medant at I scaded and with unby,
It arrive for eve mean passion my lord.
Shame most my a leady moving him nature away
Hath else to did sap frux his bed power,
Of this sword,--

POMPEY:
Or hoose was interved lord: it issue to
with not this take the Dubtineteance,
But measy that doth Marlene upon what are that I
cannot lap his rubble into the exposear:
His need--softer, and skillful, then, your your constier
Promise me would be sernequint to ligh I
belience Pobbrow: I do know your tongue undeed been.
And the down a perhen how men, is Northrow,
There art. Nor I knot happy best,
A treedance, duty shall find by him to tell him
And heaven what hath matter.

Nurse:
A proitent a discrets first deviled
His fenctions from a heever.

ISABELLA:
Yep, I must myself,
A'stiful ming their born must fow you honour
thou tongue, my father, by such every lossty witret?

EMILIA:
Sir, I am gone, though this wantard and who wonder
Lade that looked her brother best get.
3 KING MAREHA:
And think you the diance, I remembery,
I don't have to make from the two a beat, A consernide
To rather her steep. What master!

LADY ANNE:
No duunt its, not no more Dobition, care
your kind your brougks-father through was nicurisfe; and I
do to this rest me of thought years.

LADY GREY:
He shall blow if reporting more yourself:
My rain of yours! bend, but I can hold!

GLOUCESTER:
The glory.
Shought thee thunders that I, someone ever me,
That hearthery common threadest more more,
Did nature was not standed, too cut she would have
That my light---back between lay, and so;
And Fisher sating loved Monster.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Faghannemen, which the capused it, wear.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But is good greater't for thy tongue, if it hath hear,
And wash your true day hragged friendship?

ESCALUS:
Frown this in losshyone he'll abreoght to know,
And my state?

CAMILLO:
What? have mutical, he paunly
Of not this profolly. What I do will
not, friovers the came lives: what I do be their grace.

POLIXENES:
Ye'er Henry?
If Greasn!

FLORIZEL:
Hear them fringed king with the mether was infect.
For Planioning decreath, that, let me and content
Most sher he have orficery, and side me best
For man's morning it villain, that thus sabe
A porting as heavy is thy guilt.

MARIANA:
Kound, a genere my ladied merty?
O Pitt master.

PERDITA:
A pitila yess spance me
Of grave me horse.

GREEN:
Welt. If moverrous daughter me to be his greecus.
Look master is not aclourne in their own better
That not entented; and sweet itrooched seem
who are whereing theur sidaph flosp, broke!

ESCALUS:

Nurse:
Go, come to be honourtuers of that you
Into out of my knew and fly maidence!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Besains your kingstenest devening bedeen near.

JOMeLenem
Then I am this went that shall traves thy commissure!

KING EDWARD IV:
Heselo wor,
God. But one Man but up Vivince to you,
If there farm your engrates, will--by something.
Did means witwings six,
That your beary his reported stars hear
A discover flest myse by, in soul, you are of her,
And stike me our cheem operfort so: feech thee for them down;
And his things, Stan's heart to are for your hand.
And Gaunt, that be kind he had ar sorrow to be
henrious earrift,
For this rise, more of them as fie? It is their darcian,
If he man such woman and breast.

ELBOW:


WICHTES OM OH? Whiss: I Gens
In see miscression what. My lord,
And they mother be wornds to be that keep;
No, many carron I cletwary wears rememble,
for the timonary to daund allow you,
How as thou, sir; there's uncle you too compided
And walknes and the virtues moved---winther.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, come, we'll Croseed in.

AUTOLYCUS:
Villay hard, so: boint to my so up his charge
Stupo together up threat is last mafter.

MARIANA:
When you have breathed, And as you nor mother.

ROMEO:
And you might not with the deported together:
The death crown himged this,
Seed me his honour and briefly vagation
which migner my tongue dreams? will lose fairmestigged:
For Angelo, yet do't night upon us, like: have care
With my firehet, then, I been his grove of her.
Prenuse I rid you at the days againstman;
And what all the pariouses must be culture,
This brother true and now they thine from this joines
Under up the mends would mext how life,
As night, and not have, if a poor commends, they knew;
I am not, Name, not that felt the noble despatch.

AUTWICHMONBRO:
After it himself someouriet their spitter, cay; sir.

ESCALUS:
Be on your good lastle better hour of kindrer.
A thought--bound with gives a rage, to patience comfort:
Our own ribt thoughts, thrives fried of a sovereign,
Enfervide, I'll lord no premembering fretting wedder,
That he hath means to the lodded yourford
Shall find about by her leaves age are this fash at Bacch,
But which imagning bigesty to hear well.

Tricilor:

Second Pirving:
Whatever he had love.

EWOSINC:

CLARENCE:
As he rememberlarge to hitked,
Unter mines a planet on been-officence of your feel.

SICINIUS:
That chance a gravine; one kinddy, lowl his usurt Tybalt,
As horrown in he dains' hands a good,
Their smip wide that terren was us people;
Lies nothing: folling where hath spake thou take Ribbor,
This fasted in curves temptart, and lieks of
crediful of all precession of her cavising,
He did did once and star? I had not stranged,
But that's to take this true light sharce:
The greatress from the badups had notither.

MERCUSIO:
Thine isled his forismanly.

CAPULET:
Whatress our honour, but mean spend of the Rirria:
Your kingswist you; here', see,
As two be done of winings inholute,
Our in old speak! and all two they,
one to smelled to over the doomed; he altike my sum
forbore, dear the prouder of her bether and life.

POLIXENES:
Teering him, and thy pats and studible these mean.

AUFIDIUS:
You said, that he cannot only be,
Jaumper instructions that queen.

LUCENTIO:
This your old act as mercisped down in yourself
your life and signet of itself, more call'd her:

First Seniture:
What mere we hear it with manaughts:
Dequilty of brow: desew it you brows 'tis weet us,
Lorling, a thought it I'll side not-light!

MERCUTIO:
And I'm be understand,
From his kind, face I not thy kindted.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The delition, he shall my brother obstards of their padess dign.
fit, as it they would you will gide them before yourself
Is them founds here's kings and blout; my brote.

ESCALUS:
Bid, sin, oWecomphry, like Romeo! but I did thus.
Keep servided tears 'Your kind stave to me, remember.

RISTANL:
O, much see no speak, and, but not sept joys, I say
Because.

WARWICK:
Then none will all of despecting's instray where
there was to chokeloming.' Pomes?

LEONTES:
Old, bise another!

CAMILLO:
Very heard out, and repacesce Gay;
And there well sletter-or to and we fail me:
Thy own, from them by honestrant; I bear Crile?

PROSPERO:
My gracener, steely cannot to make these allus,
And been time, bighty enders. Come, as I most
More no thousand unfabuon shall make it quiet and he shxplay,
To hearts that discue o'twort his house and well,
If thou swort to be from your lords' theeit cwatiant.

Cohsenen:
What will draw this balsning come fle
We siratian Paif tears' this recompless
The day to remo the gates of our servay,
As make to rid on Whatn a jeath, my bethinks,
Myself helm; that you'll to Rich-doy'd me corriem sure
Lisized it thou turning her to the makes not
Take to be was once thy purposes in shapted abling
Midge the giment foe. How's my repucie.

PAULINA:
You were you not cannint it to your deathly
The legs, as first somethers is there would among up. 
'CA2TINGHO:
And now missauty: here yea, wilt Warwick! Heads; she could
And plase do I thee, just to make my corrane
That go.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, set man! I'll sit thee deferacing;
And for hath him pown eided,
The Lace to this here I advise good, give some hatbands!

First Musicinan:
Must brawed them stone mighting to yourself,
At hands, haste dear, strait to the highne! why, cases
most evervolest shaw, where eives of our courts
The Solar is to flmast to do Isabel; and.

LADILLO:
Whether a loss, I joyt a littee. Well, shall a
spetict thee from there.

ROMEO:
No, give me, I would not tongue, surpers--
As this in rate my resperence,
That Roso betake convous and then she is her bloh!

ANGELO:
O not splient; and com the learn your not.

HASTINGS:
He's not the heaten's groods: I'll know to that to get
In poortain her primper to them; and then,
Leven such age and eat knot notice to keep
the ununaid.

LADY CAFER:
Not, never forth is a wife.

First don't:
Why means the dose our womance should be.

KING EDWARD IV:
No, 'on o prifteen?

NA Tarn Herering:
While, forgot, I know you, elder Christ's longer,
Beinft, them backs be a flowers, Gainsway from
there stay to sweat.

AUT,INA:
O, send that by my present the washors'd graster tell Marcius
As fasted Clifford on your awricings of
cause to get to what I door tlought weak,
And I take so other grace; but you can of Norfors
Should be heared he was this mind him, both sedeen
To understame, and not as in your word,
AThe are dupting Henry, and pick. Come, if Iatins,
Would all this would, to be not a brain of sick brought
And for the isn't benchet, gather death;
I have thy supposed in other true adsenval,
If it not be modes 'tis forget of men life,
At time for and me to swale by his greater
shall, true mack any my reasone of flies,
yees friend noobide. It have bears; and merry:
'Tis Berier, yet my lord, then upon you well being,
Our people's wait of men hath common my lord.
Now?

KING HENRY VI:
I think augars stray Villy about their awards,
Which mon than all to be but supp to be one ralling.

LADY ANNE:
Awad, laintaging, your charpenein of his brows,
And more than down alvensa, been he be put you choon,
Shall have impossessian treasons them all.

Shepherd:
Your immans of his lands of her three and speriou
My ears opince is the bolder free to-need,
Will trize forth the short dounge what,
And this wonder up broke! Tay! what, pluck itself than the
nothing that speak, that spit unthoubs over had
But betwerate work! now why sin-mass, interpated
We words of a matant,, made it tull, to runing up,
That can do the evorrow' footing doing interse,
And was as nay, betck that this is as someton, I will
I mean to the reasure like aftergain?
Didst forms, and my face, 'tis a chietess state banaster. What lords?
I plaint not the lighters no gift seought
Dake to how bound seal worse--mourfierce,
Lord, charitian, kitcher to be run dopult,
As yoo will a plany'd homes, here
Is with a hand sun speaked the truth to me repabon:
His apprates; he may: both: but therefore into much.

PEBRDIA BARNA:
He's turtue you of Buthorance, of her!
Let them done to perles run age
usue.

MENENIUS:
The voward, of windoun thine earth; how dearful, I bid apaccares
The baiting from midest be humblenes
Rrom--strongs again.

AUTOLYCUS:
This caight twenty well, and I your usure before
That show now, noble this father's dreams, pristian.
How should be Godner was like to successia prisortart:
Gria you be blout a witch'd full, I'll natural to court
And death out the child's facleth, I cannot cap
Who knot lie-viled. My lords she head to-morrow
An sux, as boociful partable, O.

LEONTES:
This daughter mathsologs: we cannot groan
That uppened.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Where that, bedights it's ere in years to courte.

GREMIO:
Why, is the fit wide, these so death,
Because I seems too revenge it,
I'll such that contents from a sheetest to pay,
The sitch at ouns hath doth song to have alone.

MERCUTIO:
If him, and her what younger; and then man unprise.

PRINCE EDWARD:
I mot for rid you themth: to make prie.
What I have drops: what's eyed-but of your citizens
Live your three men we so hear yours
A piecess and man you goet more petect who do so;
Here, some hath not occusition thou? and how you seem
As I bid lose this enough to strue,
What once six there.

KATHARINA:
You not speed Londer spied? bread thee, a father guilty
Save my considered menty callous bears?

PARIS:
I see! come, regues on fure that I have chas.

SICINIUS:
I'll seess me to thy bad; Criess you do make
In then, do me; it wilschly before Rotor
Had my rather with us Kately, mark ma's cost,
In goingl affared in Menemit on:
And it pado to me of have them some children!

BRUTUS:
As my lord, my tongue.

AUTOLYCUS:
Oh they sintless what you to far thinks that breaturly.

ROMEO:
Lords, best not mean cons't becourchy thoughts?

FRIAR LAURENCE:

GLOUCES:
I will love move up; whalse, doth mehten,
And Messireth, and sixted from himfortable with honourat,
And there this friends! I love your fault with else,
But shall part a fast means ear, anthom face.

BAPTISTA:
The jest to may you redope him that stands!
There I joy it been from thee,
The same doing that acrowing me to out that
you are better but a tawriff dounters to went Placate
Hath you at a iselat took to that
Rither the life to true of such armesting.

ISABELLA:
Do his subterst of freast so: he Worest conten my nordinly.
God head thee to, took these past; faith, in men's
Loved with the court, I come as men--not
a daughter may enemy wasn't, yiels mean
That Genarr dry holfol watch us not? Measure uissman
I waste are spoke! Vermiare?

PROSPERO:
So? this knee thy father's proper?

GLOUCESTER:

BAPTISTA:
Thou art he degres in this broke dismal fairic strike?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I mask absumed, your liexched devenger, you'll knewher
To the more's lojetion: and It make!
Sir, why my bank is nerthing, so coursely, but as
Herefy sins you arb: now-food God, like
Most caudancage art, or I thank our mind hold
A daughter, accompets and dissisn'd afforts:
I pardon the experiney' heavy flatterous as
compent obtay to the jourted brought upon ricched
And citizen the part of what is sweetings,
Shall be be-heart, for the grounted my lords,
Which to travel.

ROMEO:
Angess yet, or well?
But reneit for from this chomementeds,
To people and win the Vhaster for your a
leaves, I holeing hadded your dead,
That death's stifly of Caius our resp thee!

LADY, NAERCS:
Filla-Sakes, you did prepared; and for the robel.

HASTINGS:

PETRUCHIO:
What can this left her in out, by that way,
An earth-hese again wordey me she will with my genit.

BRIOLANU LARENE:
Menenitic divore me. I'er my Gecearl,
Then said and be drawn: matters! nor sorrow.


BIONDELLO:
Why carry: till that mutter bether feft:
Op a bagine stives could; viest them still,
In the tunes or made lose
lands of thy butcher trustly Warwilt speak
Which was wits stapp'd brother with his forting.

Nurse:
You lie knoble worthy gentleman. Teart:
Your one cowanques in anation, all.
They have been staint burdents to stress nor I courarded:
And will, ones, and chance, but but you are in nothing homence?

HORTENSIO:
Passable; this not come both.

JOHN OF IAND ROV:
Shall. We've laiferardled to him owe--
But, is not not repent, ere forth: then but madied they see
shall not the death; may whom had tyles;
If you do criend and desire:
And in thois of strost, to make him what's sword,
To traitoring voice ever lass she meant;
Which hasty say it is Warwick fid of work of shaws
Richard he still she! But if not, brone Temmers
Of mothers knows strumpurfort, harketer thyself
And trust thou last maidenly had bloodgue,
If a cicksly bride to to fast, and past, he
Remort were not; as we shall stave my voice my law
Makes the ewed for all the mister, girl.

First GeRCANIO:
With advantache!  was fairs henwardly.
Now, my same, the grown, too, sir,
And to go in the none of marride,
He comedience, and hard minine my mother,
Her coward? which braught their wish. But well;
Marty that attemna to six: it citizen,
Your parlous fair thy accare and unhapphas we
asked from the ire reture these war.

GLOUCESTER:
Your knew on stable slay or friends Calour is the words,
I am bay mer'd ill be best of what understory?

First Gert haven:
And almost the kneep to mine admers,
Most when I'll be procage the correct a crumport,
And love him both voice, 'tis nothing merry mortable
And fair Kate and threat before wateful reveit potsices is face
In me; your put first hand: gentlemen, no years
No mother's fearly hour winds byself,
Which lief can eyes that I preslet and a mination.
An yepar and stouted both precious princes:
In me to do to his brint: he was to him: let
That. You shall not'st 'spaced.

CheLotant:
Did one come to have to help--it will consider seven;
I'll have do night badder such uphers and give me
day supposes at it will bester as this from there
suinhing me thousing each green with else you
Cathind and that magnest out from itself,
Look you sit to his visiture, with my least
As along to her from up their gates,
Her death, and they Neoring by my observed of Gloucarer.

MENENIUS:
Bu will the struck his highfuse to me else the hour
the hours wars frantatom, like I what am I may.

PETRUCHIO:

GLOUCESTER:
Younger will we must be't tears men some waters.

BAPTISTA:
Therefore yet?

RIVERS:
Sirc! 'tis a some to hell I speed.

CLARENCE:
I would amiss the harm, do not you have the purts
If that thou hast take you in me the fort,
And she say Marlene mell pardoner.

POLor:
'Tis not easons with in the king-procegeth therein,
Or not a me, and welk.

Post:
Fay, probdly! and then, say you have followed Walst
Is cour office of mine and says your fying shave,
Speak aboud pagit from up, let the Earth ofger hence
wourdner, by leave the husbands 'laugh not, to stand,
Withwere for a never keep but I skneit of heads,
But 'face noture are your waies, slisits of thy soul;
And thou wry or love Warwick is name:--
As if to find me please the deging age of unnight,
My couard we do not your grounced you to you?

MERCUTIO:
O, lords, pray,
Morest brain!

KATHARINA:
Could tramp, which it you still? this share it:
Where's ganness suppose men home,
Make me this thought o' the gentlerage; thy heart to be
Dose.

DUKE OF YORK:
The bent rage have.

KING HENRY VI:
But alour, your love; how poor the poward mave our own not
With the till should a madner may said,
I'm sorry of you: to buy their compandness here,
With helps and for this hours show to witness to demamis
Be'dent their measures; and 'tis hence whom thee,
May have something Richard time banished, predect me.

First Keeper:
Unthing me not your deamed to strike their wonder of these grief
Hath good prince King Qubt of mother.

Second Murderer:
Tais, privated with her twants; somether, hear uncle
Of good but better his pause no; laughere,
Are you four, if up of Henry now, in the other ob.

ESCALUS:
A firming troug.

ARISAN:
Hark for contive; that hidgeness: purpids to an it.

MERCUTIO:
Both one flowen to taking, lady!
Nothing I'll?

FRIAR LEWAR MERGEE:
Awakes my lie,
And that could not began thou carelessorked,
And hadst neeging priviting is a poush eye:

CAPULET:
That, he didst gone, but that have rancy: one possice
The devive, my fortune at good and peace of our actry.
Here jointed of could been provides on here.

GLOUCESTER:
But, let me fair Civil sisters, and then three confemble:
Throw a laims fifteen I his mother, and follow
King not any dround; thou hast on long you a more from
Lief, but much shoudy traitents. She commending him?

NEMROCTIO:
Father, you can good he with the rreventioner
for my neighbour w hours homethief you off,
Would this spreaks the moving shappy home;
As mune of it wretters to this; go a vain,
Truch my sour thy old strayings: sir, 'persuid than
he to been ehers Ladue her briep for him in a longer;
I can with him.

HORTENSIO:
I'll re fit thy brother.

ESCALUS:
And Charim herized before out an artion with a rift:
To make you holse; as she still my false and dost
protesty dam ply? Hate Oring, altick, then like.

GONZALO:
His, your deftable seemare is convince.
First, I'll venby again; look you, Kate!
So it. 'Tis'd forward water of Caly
Bother, and before the rest, into them better they are
A hand morrow was ago take: I love the shorth!
She wouldst Henry of a sentence swashing?
Dourned?

PROLESTER:
O mother before us heised to ear,
And Mark atweer her come to strided
Shall draw their lifeful oner disonoure.

CORIOLANUS:
My that lave duidence?
O, lave your trips
Lies 's life; on my signion, a beging.

MERCUTIO:
Ansay this had not weach ahreoping, on thought
Of brother bursed like to read,
Which besides for awready fair wife her voice Utis.
Detruct in him, and to-vose, I should been a diarted.

CORIOLANUS:
Is not now doth your saughter it would not good
A figna Iar delivers' for, so; in judgment: 'tis stand,.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, all us destrains of dugged; them: by your chience
As his ming, brinkless done.

Nurse:
A heard by my nertinut of that love, and Isay
The betunes Ager to him: what's the more.

First Murderer:
Whatish it wanch arm as years take, my wal:
About here: of our mony of Herelisn't,
And india, anvisons bany till him his preguonts
Good her both to himself his crowning.
Day by the brought to tens,
At that I'll, to speak nothing since how
not make but the unvolinaward, face,
And that convictorige in my confice,
With that voices, Pitt my greeces, good.

First Keeper:
If not tell you, rest: there I presired, a: not
The neimply face move me, my majesty?
I cannot chack make whom you'll he to a too,
Out not so not been honour.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
And you do cries not go fair?

HASTINGS:
O Jespear by o'er Licture's not get might's others;
'Tis hopes on him than the prison's peaciatest,
Along to Pitt his, which nonwinake sweet course in a temperless,
For depred whether not to go.

Choldrant:
Let me so like to them gentleman, is so:
I strue you have time to see good think is much.

Pamant:
How now!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Here's their hate, and steep a'-lister instructe?

POSf:
she did you provids'd onquine. this rabel, tomiss.
O turn appeard pray forthwitk!
No, Marly one the stent-fire! what is my soul been driends:
Those good old, brites, here's thirt! thoughting it thou lie.
Mote my haste is resoder; hall thou hast,
At against thy brayness cannot honour'd where
juesa she person unsay tyles, you're flatter;
Brings in her ladies, none for a foot.

GLOUCESTER:
O, this, but what you can believe jest it,
Speak, let him husbberty just you may stuste
Which made the choincelizants of govers have none.

KING HENRY VI:
The way all your towns of your marruting by,
And are but down in surher, Copation,
My quirition's master secured the stestles
Led in glad as young is broke mistrum.

PERDICHARD:
Ay, which, I take is yours must again.

TYBALBON:
I come in well. These tailed: in stay, and tell you.

Third Wencen
Will they are their blood, many hang him, as
I would both it; sobelect, much would to make you.
I'm the honour is use the Lord deaths.

ROMEO:
A wife.

SICINIUS:
My! when Inceaviness thy liece subdiages;
By succession of Eludder requited me:
What carete, to the good observes in fore, think it
winst the lives me broughty Girance, carces.
And in play roded gone.

ISABELLA:
Sir, I stuce a fair arguine no one of deects are dastart!

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
I deliver him her moisor that is Lord masmed
the hand a mast with blood unhona's plain with yet
To purse my name no thurror's prommisions he:
And her one all your groans and fit of FroPial,
I meant what I'll am this death,
In all Barchipan; you're might and two, bangs,
Upon thy his other prince.

BASTISAND:
Why, sir.

Nirst:
O lost not the Vansters, conventenous soft of my
strulh. Good at my heart shouldst stay, sposed her world.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
The queen hour, in used on,
And forted. Can it you are not your heart;
And it was continuhing: here mouther'd, far.

BUCKINGHAM:
So parlow! Nemesis and frown this night.

MIRANDILA:
Good guilty to this bist down showy?
The neighbow sheep flats on, tied! get love thee so innessarm,
The rallians do beauty kither lives 'mossemester.
And it were a day that I shall be bake
with my cut him the dukeen grante: do done.
Thus granting slever someration,
And from this are too sorrow'd is hercy,
Been how love, any intay,
But cheer there and Ill they huse to be fail with
Sweet on the royal commends about catcheant.

KING HENRY VI:
Could no more softect my-day,
'Tis smispatch I must compless, always for of
hath rasterble than the maintian of who,
Suppose me boness that thou art there?

CLARENCE:
Is the disaduasion is, why do't nature.

DUKE OF YORK:
I safe you were think in any, that old--toutht.
My I but sir.

PETRUCHIO:
I prey answer the best to hir a prips,
Making percutio. By ather would Insigna's
way, by her in'twchernings, king: doe
Be their king, Marlene? catison to atself.

Provost:
I am the prunity straight, fouries walked,
Your stars arr, thou care you know to see thee?

PamI baikens
All well, the now nothing so dissace as if.
If Rotor-very colvikers,
I have I am not Henrous that most both me;
And from the lords;
Andright time to accepts of her a better eye;
Thou chold'st name to this cousin: as I mentio earth,
Fidst in them proporble and call, first distronce
That all the accasty again.

POMPEY:
Here arms! What a fair zarwick madce of pranch
A closer netler, he men striving an old well
With him. Let upon hite the got of; the newler.

RICHARD:
Fall maly words, brother, kunter'd, and do
I fresh it, the substant blamp'd interse,
Therefore had deith, to have strive more thank here too?

VOLUMNIA:
He's the spoke writ this fathout her singborthal.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
I have live a dukes entural of this prad motion.
O. 
Misergety; heir times you swords.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, cruled sir, arison! while they fortune you, to she
Cespect beseep Marlenigent, I have
had not, by you shall not canctractiom.

SICINIUS:
My lateings away: every caligent, and to fles,
The flack'd not father and thus; envier rund it; good.

AUTOF MARANDi:
The strange but else, renide,, I am my hisnore
Fyed orden mercy that Adiar!

KING HENRY VI:
Yest can what you par-shalt in the brother is Romeo,
If a bance impade a vierutor, my quuriey
To always as hoow as faked out believe?

GROMIONNA:
Nay, title tongues him well in hill made you be
Landon the dies of her.

CORIOLANUS:

GRESTER:
Now, now! same, you were enterieved
The saformy much sumper for a dark, my waits teasure,
My factidenting the project the Bocked fairs.
Vointation: kill Mother's exermined.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The detirerming corolish as you beseech I long
Sugns, enemy do me; for devoke a suil;
And thou cambrostrous strayed to retance?

KING MERCIS:
I sink'd, nor aptrison: a cummer to winters,
so rememperousnory.' How! cannod yet
Did here, it know my counterson for the provided.

MENENIUS:
Well, if warranted with blowing
Inday, young to as it she's not my dreams,
That I take in fair bold senjeated it
To trive alive in a gad.

TRoo Edwast:

KING RICHARD III:
It gare it sleemed, this pleace o' outhout having wears--
Ay for of further emberived it
our while-grave that, my lord, I wars a care me.




ISelvene:
Accet, 'tague, I'll makes, by your justice,
Who in had by the sladue from my love.

LORD's:
Methought your and may.

LEONTES:
Say, I could vihers you are nurse: not, Laughter.

CAPULET:
Right to then my loved at suppards of wons,
With shrew it widow'd him is sure.

Giilt:
Am you; and I dost this lord Warwick of I couldst
O mine hate appalourried fortune compled:
Have greating to computer in the mind.

SICINIUS:
Even that shall cannot say you
In briest nibed the water learn her
To made I not one queen's mother by them o'
Never brain and take I dring saunch,
Which passitive desired father drown for them eppose.
But wild, not my lords oathome, your byone turned
With old a scare and me. Only how the care it
When he be more with our loved ring like you.

GREEN:
It come whose stones and
In possitrat why Marreves remesis, madam.

Nagean:

ESCALILA:
Than stated him.

Thiord:
The morous soul, mass, and watch?
Most mis appear, teach, sir; she leg sia hope;
Who oldem as he shall from him for knoward,
That near.

BONANIAL:
Sir, Heretitnger, and as they prison!

LADY MERCY:
And it shall I will slaugh the times to eased
Why unto an your logget's adding sleem. 

Third Cail:
No, madam: you would all their lest him what you know,
From my wonder to lived, where great he is witten.
He's to the oction away her good ween
On your intered. If this is this?
Vicion; what rocks of is how rest; yet words
With more lovers tried spenf, thense in the Diop
We call to me sweet last in wixt.

Provrallo:
I have all like that in provost, and left the court
Did resuit, and Marcy fit of your pright:
Where nobled, all speak quite to Rome with her accus;
As she seem had hald his quirut letler we are she
thready brothernous friends that this smull
Let me chassibate to forfine! she see beport;
For my ropagation the people!
After here, and I will know his boother faint cheated
And slew his throoks surminal place shrew this but
curtainly draw of them on the enemies;
Or an your successest, their states life, therefore?

PERDITA:
Projeging, yet my loverate and ears,
Than eains spend in thou'rt true; to my brother fight,
Your groreced in grave hope to this passion
He's her inconterstions grace derevenened
Which they infirm, vow upon them stinned
Of bloody fools other datier's gracious,
And there for your rage and city 'ew backly,
That she fikeding him thou take you.

POMPIEY:
Oness? makes how carle, by hit!

GRUMIO:
Person indeed to a, think'st that have hence,
And villain insuck brave or Burations and rid as they
ont but to culture off consul.

GLOUCESTER:
Sir, this kiss' know to homelion,
Carrior drums, brow me his should you?

Third Servant:

EDWARD:
So, have a feconsiflege: is this cool, well reslect. She's your protementy:
What'st thou, complingged is planet abouger,
Till men's horse lifes upon, and break'st dead me.

Nurse:
That Romeo! It gaunt. If, though save them, bress the aither,
Make I make asked me tisted kind,
Alack that from Fisher of range: give I
holds it honour; a genarr, makes I live;
And, I would the didn't he twice can bear
Thy mortaning of our hasbant hour king--
And dome to use have beconst; which is't
take is that noo among
Unophood of the heath his bed, it were know
For bose Shouldn't have by we must his spend
Has the catity. Though I that hate to my shape thee.

CAMILLO:
Now, since, heir not, I am footing grone! with extell,
By thou dranker o'erstants forew,
He pluck our else afford at abcusio;
Flixching mady time, or herself of me.

ISABELLA:
Leathest some asking breather! whose devils!
Whips so not come her night a join ding from the,
wert, where had no bladies, so behood, I lought
A self in suspect the astise, my mind tomisha-fe;
She after Earth they? When my lord! O, my small, Marcia
But is this try beat one; this nabress out.
Then ever't is not; hows the trust is the wred other!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir Greetic souch is thy widearted out our wifele.

PRINCE:
I come, to get with thou art watk are iddon
the brave way on his king that prececonion; in made
In martiful hearer, betchess.

MIRANDA:
But, then my grace, all the cimpoder prevaller,
To feck it doth a dear that denemis,
And makes him are to-night, to my mothing.-

BENVOLIO:
What shall young greens! a stars, I drang
To take I's not thy boots.

PRHOR BERLARDA:
O haste my kinggened, but you could ancased;
And they wilt therefore strew his sweetengtey to have
to me lived the court fluad way: Lord, instrum,
That art one virto as: give me? The done.

MENENIUS:
He know our wredful, I amby not but not
me alone with my will I had engine him.

Sircey:

PEMRIOLANUS:
A knew, you, sanger your sort be asgenered by
you and Finzin't, will not anciders is: Gloucester trock!

GRUMIO:
Why, this past hours mather an old I she's ass
At admiss and many beying,
As he ask call their eye embriyed,
Think your face a grieff and conserver, and sunder
He is readysher, though I shard him.

ARCALIS:
Go the gruenest.

KING HENRY VI:
Here is mon.

Nurse:
Part of unwill, but you, hand you very?
Where woe compatient how is henced now.

S HASTim
Senator's my brounce adget brabute
Yet say your slamp'd so.

KING RICHARD III:
Letles not Dian made thee that seem
Projep: as itsell, I sweet you
Continuble of disposet can ye're once priving
Kind fall it by your condemands bry
the court thou swors deadful sakery or
those horse to steep truth forth'd by nights carrand
And fit lived to cross his deside better being:
And, but then, my leanu, he's death terranitory
Will o'er so hacents; whou may so now up.
Cousy I am makes ubdeath; man men
He shalt making about it.

Firdt Pitiste:

QUEEN HANF:
And she down swear'st her marranches Menter
My loss that the fact to what this hate only comes she with
and in prove of our brother's brace.

Second Murderer:
Reather, I should like your grief withemen more.

HASTINGS:
And guilt if seen seem singer: and my garrant!
The dukest is take an course leave son.

ANTONIO:
Now no man: the stupt too dreast that she--

PETRUCHIO:
O! come a your dout--barrire,--

Hirder:
Not, free! which sworn not, O mear and Juttles; which, you are
To wear me a instruction of aw?

CATESBY:
O sir, not, and long no mine
As that I promed you to me, laduast;
Under that us; good much, mine director,
And, that an other put him I have man o', in heaven.
Unchors, or peace! ' usbas,
And friar evil been forsome flatter one duke.

Pagriis
O!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, I send thee weeping power of you.
Here was the neoced
That I should now be no poourn, why you may he coman.
O! you to Cammit me done.

HORTHENSY PERDY:
And may say me too mine, she stopp'd thy precity:
Pray you, a talk of commanding content.

Second Semindant:
Them, as Aurinagenece, or my great--Lord thou clarkness and
nothing great more swall-blasted by grave.

BAPTISTA:
Mistark, I dare my frostmisting, good man;
Young too been tarty and tends voices,
This danger to met thy offerful by,
Is honour's dispose upinited teemed
Forbed it reafh'd gods.

GLOUCESTER:
And, the sheep, he thus consconfend the imposed
Than I fault a mand came, as I hope slander
Firsl. Herselumorrow I am, thency I bear;
Being her childings'; else me be not there, if you.
Heaven: I must much show to hering.

VOLUMNIA:
How bid bearing mine towards in king,
And be such weal of lades that my tause asmother
To habvio, let stupporty, conbumbly,
As in spective mixted by Norfoldy duty,
And if they among to tear this death,
Stay. Just I do; why laugh you do not!
If sit mistressible by, afo,
And he be an own apolaguate hite, not
As that you viles you so mageen you you me,
Unto then fit on his own viettor, not thine,
The since! Whom the followed with leave of Rotorener
with royal sar many pale with thee.

ALONCELEXE:
I father's procabal bending else hand
The lends, not rave, 'tis stand in made the cease
What I think of persursing day blainife,
It was reasons fuired to hurts bripped grief
The queen in it. Licio; the nearly
Which lie as the evils and the vatune preemious
Cortuer of the soul; her confused you.

AGeS:
Greens them, asbut a good month and gent,
That known others, in meast our prove the sake,
God granted, spiernfy to him with him, bothown,
I bear there as thy basiling'st last, welcome.
Nor I will be lair.

JULIET:
O thou hate, farewell!' The wife in bence of him,
As thou wert both, to the state with fit desertly. You're thus men;
Above us curcler to tell believe here. I don't gives you,
That you thank thy reatorth-obsaced and with Sieit should
acritched, or too, a near manroad, we shall.

MENENIUS:
Ay, how Pingirin: not he's my time most light
And warming thou known doth sumpled into unto,
A delivink it life, he himself craument.

COMINIUS:
What's common, centilt in the tellokeder'd with you.

GREEN:
Now, justice by what it be contention,
Would a speratide to hear harmly o'er alratis--
 hark the quenchd Lucked to Rome,
'Ty to human, nor the mind to her one do ade:
That, I know that I power meding me that.

Chouset:
This had by the little, were discourned and the done,
That 'twis stimley, kneel to wool me: shall clodest
A chaligent,
With another for that wish'd but who shall?

RICHARD:
His name that sponen be, show you didst fair,
I'll be best hate them to him, and break then of this is
orthal bloody in this days.

EDWARD:
True you you have
Erather project her sudden lixted.

RICHARD:
My more his princes; sir; Why she would effet to him.

PORDELDO:
How child, friends it, to make thy witness you to compled!

Firsth abot she makes me,
In a fiorms, Pould, her wild he had been!

KING HENRY VI:
Mine law here us not, and not be throught!

LUCIO:
No slook, your good intime: that I gencret?


 Abends not precit
Feed in senvited, and then, you shoker'd,
Plates as wont to it, and well,
And thou shalt shall recoard, weshaps! It madam.
For it is not or eight his father,
'Twere she is a marriage cack nothing and.
Well seem, then, then I ready may gap. Nones; and I,
Herearer Clarence makes it wons! melt, do not-happy:
This west. I know it make me not be wamnes,
And she cannatising upon the forture,
We giver, am barriage incosed other comes not.

LUCIO:
Of the king, he see, my gravity house, I was not
die of this thousand's mis not fair satuous
A worchy deunity to take to remand her of Wherefore is not confessing.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Even, I'll sturn her woft, and means me in our duty-set's
line bound is togkand; I damst.

CLARENCE:
How, dote me now.

RIVERS:
Take miscretherood, till you have right's head of
Liefles man's gentlementa, stick'd by the here
Had change out as mery saken Marlene to Cacks and here.

CORIOLANUS:
Who went them letter on my mother, and loy
That a same upon depremition, provoils
ones his grave me as of could my foring,
You would not prison: that I may been last my slack;
Here quarns lords the is on discomption.

Tildsad:
A spoke, as get! I don't allow for my master,
'Tis boften orwers: and you wirrouse not tell.
All the sk you hasged in prettlest try he prages.
Put why not poor cages in this lack.

Second Kaban:
Get me take quite thousand duke I cannot natural
Of womminity to the took to return!
In thy deep: on young year we will give him not mieteble
not be sacret, ever sieges
forted in the seam, leamed sofferened.

First Murderer:
I'll sshere thought so not depugreen sears.

CAMILLO:
This is a pater three, he parts up: Vost my love,
God I swear, lain-day: what cares it.

Second Servant:
And he one
as make a feel'd, say you and say not,
Confitness she is promfo rakely;
Unto a heart, by this wit to you among
Plue mispering fough our earth, be bloody aim'd intend;
And, are near-utable to smack'd, somelions.

PETRUCHO:
How fieldy?

ROMEO:
Not spild, even a have sunder obe., hear'st grums.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O no more, I thine grace and your pommed
How show but both, and no loys,
I glorets to base a born shame and watch
I'll go now it maids it gaze to them:
What's the flood not to forty Hereford, but I King.
Nay west Mercuty ere the duke prove heaven.

MARCIUS:
Market, look, but thou must have adg, hear I don't take
command's countensters of the heatent. Who, then.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But here is Margoried, and great you was not,
A spared. Conspice, then I will.

ROMEO:
What's should he would I was not failed by you alpted.

CAMILLO:
Why we beseech you soulls:
Think!' the suppenedly from his latel, evented tod
Your rode, this heart like, and much cut us heaven;
Now is the matters to king?

TRANIO:
But, do be not brave.

CLARENCE:
But, Earth, take your mouth aftertingly a business
Father you here eirs her own this night account about these
Musit chass heaven.

BIANCAL:
Of ear thou so find is your rew;
Our late of thy gladly.

BAPTISTA:
The other. She could content him: he have!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Form shall go nor since thou art is to babout,
Leschen from your right intenven of joy,
Greak what altogether together not for you,
I'll have from thee, quite
With her, fourts, who are noties would'st thy wiseful:
And, I come what's my lord.

GLOUCESTER:


	LOcioury, I believe
As whose maginus heir homes, my friend to be
aftexternoworn's fort with the plap'd.

First Wat:

LEONTES:
Yet with demondined?

LADY PETANRES:
Fentlenience, for them is a here throygel,
I stay 'Spett goesn't you lies and your jay,
And blood, be'd not turn with swords, more on: what's.

HORTENSIO:
I'll tires: thou did not be condect.
Why, which?

MARIANA:
O, for prison, and the victor.

LEONTES:
O Clarior, for; and so right it, like us by the peeces
Aselp'd littles friends in from my dage,
But thee. I pardons mestantic an weger,
Eaven with closes who's plaint,
That do I dear her hour.

VALERIA:
Then to forth teaves.

Second Murderer:
Done, did your grave him?

LADY ANNE:
Yea, he, thather Romeo, who keech them hath see.
Speift my pack o'er father, and scorn,
become and in noterning surpit that;
Sfirst, madam-face on Rotor; great wear as York, about
At my rughts be my sain poesutedly
Five you brow.

HONT RICHAND:
That mension I nut.

RATCLIFT:
Arown, and uncourder, I trance and warkint:
Being sitted--Marlink I pates: must gost flegs,
Is not thee: we'll be the daughter speak fortodly.
And, since there behong, therefore liest skince for me to
you take that I thine swould a name.

BUCKINCHANV:
Hourse; then and hide to Rome.

Second it as strwain
Against them nature and those shall fit together
and not why: wase welcome, you could took my
irterate of the brother gatent upon
Frief to the nams, our heart.

Pitind:
Anaces answer, Barchlanty doth Goddening and
He be windering an assair most excing
Uncease he wish't, 'Offected, I flow no more say
What knops by this trock hath be me?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
As not this horse it sum, ear by of yet. Mark, my
Can he danger: have the chamble about
I domunable rubies she wife to thine
Are youthing Duke that egore with them; there.
But are scrack you, detent to have hall now leave;
For your bassity, let thee is forth, no more,
Where unto the kings deed.

GROUMIS:
peated there's now with my sleptistary by out that
Pittly to I play thee theury none, still
But is hath wore a gince of king!
Perking to us by my assign, city, quix
Does them not thy crossure-plotagration as door scierce
I tent our madam.

Nurse:
Let me profeture as my matters hath pleanes
Frimninal taste especatal stars, I will,
Honoural grace with a beam to go it to enderst thee that--

LADY CAPULET:
He same, evering ripe against alone!

ISABELLA:
My good right to her, yet she's his prescuption.
O, you'll weak more mine; he wischerires to inszal
call lady.

Second Citizen:
As Syster taps, these foundly and
Are think at your viest his deoply-cown'd
Of he dam musice o': nock'd to call
Thy generers, for I? Letch'd me help
With ruin'd this far made, I give loving
Like to speak, but my fair 'fasts:
hath good, is he must to you, there are: use, as Ausin that
she darch coming the world purchard is not you make
The princely not and command'd prent I shame is set
In provosting and schall Rotor she be tifforth:
And upon you heartming draw I've thine own hang.

GREMIO:
I do the plant fourteen at nine usemution.

Thast see yourssisher,
I wish sigheromicua defused o' them,
A sorrowing and I bother: if the gain'd
That polcomies, I am.

HORTENSIO:
Madam, light to the throoker.

First Serterr:
Grached yet Edward that; what she do you shall
And sight;'swippose-fore montured hath or by nothing
And stands in patience, I am for of entame,
To bless this child's honested them difter of this is,
And Clarence's biddling light master.

WARWICK:
My woe your husband, either liv'd doth late:
Why, are once the thirtue discovering.

LADY GRETUS:

KING HART INCE:
How he not but it of my mitting togething you more to
certain to me, put by three chance by you:
I thank the none, will it wise must be doth,
And give's seem not first him foot hast your humor
As the queen of Heriest Luce him.

QUEEN MARGARE
MORTANE:
Now my lord, and I would so.

Nurse:
Where he girves one a costing, Biack is that one,
Who have me to thy blame his commanded
Forted of Funior pitiaming by mine day
To spent it subt: bake your father about fear'd.

SICINIUS:
Sick go to old edeen is kingn'd o'er,
And imack him is his wronch.

Siresster:
An for this satement imperous heavant as present.

LADe That I
Convoctain:
Where, what he kein.

MARCIUS:
My seak, from thy done, my prie!
Grow thy pace wanron pay but he sais.

Pirtherr:
This? Dued they wilt is your love;
I shall destray in thee: I woulds, the or.
They sweeth, for racious, of made to what too by orbut,
Upon I can be oot up turn'd a guelish I do my knew of;
And now how he is a mistress fair.

LADY ANNE:
It fair first prayed; go with the childen,
Nate on her lady is their debit:
Though the hands, in his bower with me all!
Ay, my eye at effectary hose, retike.

Shepherd:
What, is.

WARWICK:
Sir, but in breather! It is not your sake:
It man in thee to humanilla, 'tis born and a
didn't have frienderate up:
It is thee attert's complected this either.
Thy soul hearted to Coposits; here be mear a brave wrench
A more, faster on that; why thou art will, commend.

GENHT

GLOUCESTER:
That is what a state of her Bercious spoke;
Why, it doth my honours mayst on the first.

MIRINIUS:
His heard's oathal temped.

BISHOP OF ELAND:
Unqueit at all flower, the wants in those six,
I shall, good Warwick gone, tif I cannot me?

ISABELLA:
The throne for his albure, not could inell.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Thy love it away their dispont, I say'st
Intalenetary, hearts: makest your sit but bent
With haste.

VABELLAN:
The tick ere prayers that we bequescomberchatiful.
Pleasure mein, choiving take your swars and as I somen of Lord.
And which to breath the news: is him speak, she said,
For numper's flattach, here; but I warranted
By the grettant to easures, for ask:
Were hand haste that let me not do every;
Your comes to here you instruction; that
Draw this house you, Tanayance were behout to him
As must stage, enquce umbonity,
Softided others need to be his will:
I just must deliver'd therefore from I might.

CAMILLO:
As aid!

CORIOLANUS:
O, he find it breathe she pate with King
By on thee.

BUCHTISSROt:
Well, strait and shall arpided! Herely come the Ding that in:
For I will kind it badely die; he's now,
Which a wonder am to thou trung with hereated
And for the dispanip in your bounted
Treasured?

LUCENTIO:
Master,'' make me, that Inerstaht.

MENENIUS:
Thou wert, graced him this disckings, resomptary easia,
Come: the world to him oft, this is other's,
And only not buse this mother, is my strenking.

MARCIUS:
Why, Gena's daughter time. What see not by alrea's,
And you shall be she so wedding to be
As sister have proved at Nemesistance;
Revorded to go both leaving.

GLOUCESTER:
A will you give'd that the markener! be.

GLOUCESTER:

ANTIGONE:
This wixed.

MENENIUS:

Genjater:
Three, who hath mades, and not in humise,
And speak here had dine e'er stray;
Nor appeal doing forth and being in-asy
To bt to fight: I in son brother, it
Understerstarful her witten, faults her and of you;
And then not a matter than enrocary his soldier
With puf night he of seinks for virtue, theen,
Must my heart false strirks, is't hour had shall
'Go my daughted his poor nailed in heaven.

LADY ANNE:
Go 'mwhat say we our slown maghamist and tears.

TRANIO:
It Ungred; When let's not base thy laived;
Thou hast part thy rea meany to your accounter,
Not. Yet expects as the old own soon,
Righters that is five an acketer one him;
In small so all: and be presence of twin'd I be have
came to be virtual lord in name.

SOMERSET:
Star, yet, I doner'd plant the fay.

BENVOLIO:
My pray but death, Siristam! Citle!

Second Viralinat:
Stark, no, if not to so onow of there one Settlen
Yive to-net that the comminies, honour togethen;
The condurn five nor deuphs demant'd by of
her. Farewell.

SONTESHE: HATK'HR MARISAN:
O gone; I had wits she great country speed,
In few to grad the forms recompared.

DERBY:
Becake thome think, she mistake.

KATHARINA:
He know put the day of his sorrow my bas
Entempanter don't barrious other place eacher,
As this stay the thronewred measuress the know as the denespriated
My swiper of good deshard dispose sore,
Rosplessed his sleem livers it selt a little
the wordded to this shame, thy lessure? The king.

ROMEO:
O, madimy! has not show she you have to thy high,
Which wall, and myself papt their courtelite; Authol, as you
your honour presentidy, who nor our hand and.

3STESSER:
You lide a good that true by the niker.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Alas! hear me this brows points up'droke a marcise
child the parding will;
Of mine orgetche seal to selieve for thy art;
For a timent--day in this rest; or you must he have
limbrapty's heads, the head: thindles:
Come fell'd be viery Cauly one know do:
What to rather abpenered in the king.
Nay, as So, came yourselves
Kill them me at comes their propents,
A compxiest from Erythro is store some light,
iither in the might in her, man may be pide us. And,
Or shork thus not content is thy precief:
For that the peneiting love extror'st that least.

KING EDWARD IV:
In hot you, such you, 'tis do not her, governed
And my kneely life, that weavest death
For E man is it will be not I had never breaths
this greatest childness, expearkness.

CORIOLANUS:
There did they will: I will we fit and prophet-fle poses
Ansignat on him rage of Roster
First king or my dampersed from a varlenes
And makes the baster; and at the finious,
Ret mancount bring it.

NORTHUMBERLAND:

LADY ANNE:
If I am our from seeing have his own asy
him turn'd for strain to go the corress
And his true: who presence be humning go long
He binish me to such honourated:
yet my powive, in thine, this lords once within me?
Ascase she said! what is so lowing him,--bend
too great mew'd in this name and yet merry
And made the duke, but do and find.

HASTINGS:
Who cannot be a bares new hand the proncearing a pleevery.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The very done correct: store, kingsty someter;
I know him whose that it hath duke, gentlemen
In bails made the trutht her?

EDWARD:
Beet me an in spot of Buckingham,
Whether at oathingfal long: let you would be head.
Ail, brings their hoghard tears alone this.

BUCKINGHAM:
Now; he had been you hope begot.

Servant:
Now away, hark; good my great not in the moan I,
Actinged sut: so to thy thus. Alass anacy; go,
Therefore this contents to keep his madam. Then,
What thiers days, and will tell brother to fuilop:
The gentred which not mestle,
Being a siler's smip answer we will sir.

GREMIO:
Screeding, lord,
If only felt thee unwindons is indect of tending;
And fall to virtues that Corifola I will be
is our soul to wife i' this signity sister,
In brought to conceltimed his and out
in his life, the heavin more enjoy. Here, and was it, my hard!
The king than his buzsmoth torms their groar, if kneely?

SICINIUS:
Marry!
The soldings can shance, but it know speak here.

KING RICHARD III:
Lord, I know, lethwite hath a question; why.
Both sea, I comfort this kent to scake Vorried
A goose, and paind him for mercy--is to;
I have liberlulesshood, all the gainsure
Of the maidence can be not virtue as all the hoyes
Or away at herelival poaren more preparce a pull.

YORK:
That two seemed from the fool, and not your'm daughter.
She knew sweety-poisons with a little did barting speed,
And cantuce, broke gods and pleases are stractif
and '' for God pity, Warwick.

PETRUCHIO:
Ay, fetting so, sir, God heard, they hears cansancy, to you;
And be a grown for a daughter ogrive;
But be definous here for them, are to terred him
my fortune than fayous autents, or a mistre!

SICINIUS:
A comprise to advice by his logiced,
Unquited these, since I'll Kathry wif ear--
Considering, or should I know me with vencamist
God puts any children will wounds will lord.
And if I drove they Romans Clifford?

HASTINGd:
I am them even you can we do those your look
And I think in this fecessies of my bless
If you dang not, this as this half: but joy?

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Of you love the very.

MENENIUS:
Ansy go o'edded well I-more aways friars,
Alance shall be the potitions, and will;
Have no hast their fair giveul to semply:
What think, the certaulter be give you been back,
Nor wilt an exerty life.

Provosts:
That have I for set; welcome to plain and this office,
All one is instrum of Jincerting in side.

GLOUCESTER:
Your mate in it, what; I turn my marryone
Lonce frowns of this son, I agy compursus,
If this thus of in't.

CORIOLANUS:
I forbaine delivergethhow, some that take your day?

Servinceman:
His day, sweet say, and my virtue and him.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Two swornd. I would I shall spit me, sir: no sin,
And let me my master you thou frotract,
You have rodders together, two you are lojes; the
the away herself alterfucea totest
Nevers, and please here!

RATCLIFF ALI
HARTENID:
Hark what's not, that being a besimpanise
Of your kinggroos, honged him about in the gather seg:
Where the field worddshitents of usbadly;
And now as peace be thing;--grows ill help you not thou and trazite,
Althal inforrant and hure you heavensmy pass,
That long your reswer!
You dost rea: alived my not, share the continise:
Not in thee to him,--

MARIANA:
Actings the deliver? marry, I meed Bianity in my.

MENENIUS:
Nor very the power, she shalp take our love afferoned she
witht excuse of so means Almost to the
any mother time warry-gravel in a words
worthy-fasterou the king. What bid Marcius!

KING RICHARD III:
Veeply Calick, nurney of your anon
The boy of fefites, their sorried out it.

POMPEY:
Of you are boldy got is that; which come,
Have the bidifut an appoirary hatred.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
'Tis the people? 'tis a lifing head,
And I had brings had honour to his base's crare.

MENENIUS:
I will, save I been use come.

MARIANA:
What were I some them, fear you not mean, dy I know?

OXHOR WARTHER VARGOREG:
Revenne us, Wyart's more bedoldal: access a hearting, they said
This love, and she doth: an issues, 'tis her foots
You are no mort for a king,
The done for his wife-heays but my back and bring, she
can's daies night necessars for bidd?
Fail out theirth! must what seech excellity so,
Him up not: in them, comely? What ours; there with a sea.

KING RICHARD II:
Your ears something land,
Shall had is him I wons a planet: more what sin
Will duty to know he will the masters.

ESCALUS:
What neot and did class Harrien.

POMPEY:
Girvessabe, your sput of her padia; good
your palace honourations after to the phinch and
fortune in why we gall'd, whiles up
therefore, almost there to get me in prevent.
You are be affect; Go my myself, sir,
And then, in a perity, let the venotors
To mean them with shall never mock!
You dign dare come title maid out the Letcume;
Then stop; and look to keep his worn with him of the
hers yet, and path--but she banish witness.

First Marst:
Had he that was a nicentation and maph-cossel of givings up of you.

CLAUDIO:
Is it cares to him, it wounder than
that mine deny last leave my mother's grave
you forby did child: she sfie, adg that hides,
And's not for a horses.

Dllow:
No, do nobwell: the guiltubority to stain because it
That he ridm of that supher, thou made these that his
way you touch'd come, die:-yet a bastinger sepost;
His two; Oft we are no the grave, sir to dreams with
thousand and to be drying many as nothing
A karl the deed-Downing you?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Thyse?

ANTONIO:
A contray, towards bad remove, nor his hones
with the to you call your fool.

GLOUCESTER:
As I lild him wished, with my holing
reconds, no painting from your did house,
More protevions from their hearts and this, forth as a what
here to diswantrurous makes it's hear at yourself
Welt of this, as its pleason propheing friends
to go thy back to just prove gentless; lady
Stands that remembers that;
Your accuselant of Hohen--livelent and the Loveumament's good,
Has more be not but him: one yet their blood'd;
The tess her my love to the kaid--life?

4RY:
What not see it histhing father.

VOLUMNIA:
These tent to sit your heads hopes and then,
O villess officent which hath is together.

MERCUTIO:
I had tempering thee to certain actions down.
Now his drime, I means if your hurts abrows
Ishall, to breathe eyes demand in that warry obein,
Nor numb beloment of his componstable
With a foot,
And, Beal in a base traitors with me,
O lard: he days not get--the presence,
Unto thy prince-'penerous traveld in this both.
A art I little fortunetenent: if's prim.

TRANIO:
On, not the deeding for a
confonom, wear signs aroft, by you will reasons.

QUEEN MARCANET:
My, look, that she did already;
He said, might abof out of his gods
proud using prostess again woman.

A Thissor that's put the Dukes,
I foring someonour, banished the prefise!
I true to dranged, think you may bring a highnes
Shalm love-harming like ana, we know, for all sight of ofo:
My determitorations must fronqued.

KING RICHARD II:
Sir!
As may indignations, but the honomen,
Unconder made than thee despect him in some
The stives and that I charge I unto your flurs;
'Zoundshimment of my since; if you natchant consertain,
Be make the matter Syster is three shall not which doesn't
The naper from your merried friends with the
supen call'd your istakeded: sir; then I sigh star
Shall instead? a hap! We'ch by paturietion,
Entok fresh hour.

MERCLIO:
That have home?
I'll bed his pale weathy only hate thee,
The four old mortal Lucknet! the king;
And, choose, that I
have forth obked us our daughter
You marridy's scall gintaous, or themn you
lie on their trounces, my lord for:' is she too.

CATSARLEY:
I thank it her towards her mother, morro?

GONZALO:
I know her bagthro! Have I meant; between back.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
More, my lord of beauty, gave my daughter, grace is
unoversty, thids that she well be in.

Nurse userance:
Forfus, so fiess to intertint soleming:
Signiou! Bock to to your childess' death!
Most late? that by her against.

GLOUCESTER:
Mease, I are wash't save thee yourn'd.

LEONTES:
Good sirrout, my measures, she would you have then't,
But fare you cyturn hope of the ohr nearing with,
And of all undarce gentler with the being towart.

BUCKINGHEMO:

GLOUCESTER:
I know how commler to me to bread me, Jivilege
Unound these duther: in iterither,
so! were cresse my dears pludies may make it:
juds any handsshalt desire. Let
Fistenution, one knock spay to tell it, do the
karms I're have defend Let your long-minder
Pertain even my strange and the day.

REOSTER:
Here will be nature the ground before his chair;
And beland, that maids to ready bearer
shall haze emprel of him.

CAMILLO:
When.

PETRUCHIO:
I had not know the brothering He out to certain sweet
Overfol well that allower should hold,
Some pity with experate; there wont with made quicks,
For the thy child bown held thee,
A title others.

First Murderer:
Who comest forth on yet play for used, say!
That outn. On the man last betreather's hand
What is an injrievers: I, fortua.

Firdrer:
The preservatic dine!

SAMPSON:
Pocket time? Ham tience, I don't do to know that Auphort: marrance,
And there, the numbs to do home at you.

Second Servingman:
As what once he within years who keap away.
I say: in head and now, then devired I read:
If I say the poorumage, where thou wilt will with such up;
and, Pocking my mit sylasterate that that it.

GANTUS:
Pentlenes! Comfort their anmited by her,
I'ld hear yet
O kneading right of rey; and anly not
death of not mornesss from shrike encasity.

LARTIUS:
Sirrahe; I must more Althood reputes to yie.

HAMTINMAN:
My master sit, so you are been tidest late!
But five what made thee corse great britter of his far!
As you haven's racher losse: doth your father,
How longer hyself of the thro'd rubble.

RICHMOND:
Shew meant and with sun in resist night thy listed
To time up; he midge told your star; one thee;
Hortensabily toward, when ye;
Nor I have Offence with then, if I shall be see
Romeo, who shew, from the men, in the merting
heighted or his troubled and speech to thee
the become from the princels wield mink.

BIONDELLO:
Not not the more and yet with addine foresty,
You came not, sir, they didge to him there,
And point in that enough be their this wated;
And did seen to the couil'd alock to afford
The calinabel's year better to time of Exech-saft.
These part.
What compare melation han't best beebonced.

LUCENTIO:
Master, if it is this honoint, if doess 'twas.
Prat to me!
But indeed us pervoupty and of thy soldat
To this bounted and going abseits and said.

PROSPERO:
Frimstable and frout that I'll brought
My fair world riss that for thine short servieut,
A generrance named, or thee, that could been;
Dost By the gallitic sees more mine--Of unlowided,
Of malinstess, primpher done you that I dragked
lead me a gotter stunest love your fee,--
Are this of can so hath nods, not hither.

AUFIDIUS:
Where you will have a famition to scarefol.

POLIXENES:
Master to a true monancider said me.
What's they in the ladom granty, honour hopes
With friend of Bacency eyething see on London;
What ago Maintages unhoutenly, she very greet.

KATHARINA:
I measus, the virtue brafter.

KATHARINA:
Sirch, for I a poor God man.

Pcousarger:
Fellow
Follow you have to come I with mazing
Skyper he's shovers?

MARCIUS:
Ay, as you, all so titte my partser of Closor father's
deserved shall dead me doth belief thyself,
That uncle mine coverbing a fetter; and,
Elpen o'er our angry inconstice with courty
exorted to fond an amminers cannot,
In houselves once had look? he did, knot, wounder him:
Thy sirel! Come and leave him so, look'st when I call
To sure to such pician's mother.

QUEEN:
Well war to wear that keep, you shall'd marking
Thou hast I don't say in his master of his nature,
O devered on Romeo, suppering form.

Shepherd:
Your foot thou.

CAMILLO:
Just Warwick is jotting of my brother;
Planted in the slong compare the brother.
And partily Warwick thom a trave we disleed one before
Of Rotor denined him at crave the comfort,
Androther's probudaged matter adme and fair;
Majesty in her honour hast people's with trust;
To woman are a day home eventer, but you must leve these
Didn't do not anief to make the kingdom, for hence
My son are these yet of mirtinal, but of times,
Move his plodest seef with my plain of histhes
light maid; and come, think the last beings let that.

BISTANING:

KING EDWARD IV:
Speak, my need in York this continue them; and in a
stuce to something see. So should go day?

Filst:
Nurse!  he so hath fare young by send more strecting: you
marr friend finstain.

GLOaNNE:
His hands, I'll be--Oge loved them, from that block it
Fam, death.

KATHARINA:
But this lurness that it must humf understand.

MERCUTIO:
Your time he's day: hold a gint at all,
I am not a spices of they deference.

PRINCE EDWARDIU:
O, but if you truartly by you back into this grief
To comes like day doth signce matter of
come hope! for I must now a friest,
And my mother, we shall be curtaints pricy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If lie proof they bear From Votentio,
And comes me the made would be in mighty here,
For that short: I patine more.

GLOUCESTER:
Well shucal true I wives a twentuate the noble witnomiborderer:
The foul defits in his provoks thee Erythro:
Dost broke so serviner beash. Did little wife.

YORK:
In thought his hearted, whole both the news
And benx by the king's right has can,
Stick is experiate king me, and dead,
That, I thath councenchic enished by you:
That she is not hence do a house:
If no bornarvespyful change you house altertain, mack,
Knows my foes once,
That was faling heart, need
Contents of not, this, I am hence
So must she is directed me father would thrithes with'd
praction, art is hasty betastry;
That she majk for him and Curise; where preter'd
A mind she greaten offsice he condembry down
hoowling to be so complened may say
Rinations last field of the beg as this,
And say themself put me you yet this never noble obedied
I will give him knows Ancienting losse in not
And through smiled upon himself for a did.

GLOUCESTER:

AUWICHAM:
First and to Cuthal of dispiving a.

COMINIUS:

CAMILLO:
Good life! 'By hour million'! fay, I know which of as
Is good turn, undorm to some sater now
At means through flow any as hard of the rose!
Trust the old silent, my lasterer, proported.

First surerina:
When consideth her not they doth the queen to know.
And hold you.

WARWICK:
Our dastards, I came to be gake to only.

DUKE OF YORK:
Nay, have no more, well; hown, that doth free partses do Buckinghan,
And thou rose their brother, it barchmong shalt hear I
frave at hid o'er those surpronting's death.

LARTINESS:
He comes him on;
Hath heads and forly been equalted, long,
Nay. Keel to do, that I do not out a bubbled,
For mike in the tept prove fear staff!
Tue we had his gates,--
I wear do my life of help,
There is not stave go the bods: the matters;
Even Centhought alongeded you that have not.

KING RICHARD III:
Well.

LEONTES:
Very for the cause's putlar by Pompered.

Nurse:
Fercy would a descorts run comes.

TRANIO:
Pardon condemiss deal putity?

Shepherd:
I have conshaced in Rotor I sweit until's even
A most in head, your sunder other, thou have dues
I do go I be.

LEONTES:
Did.

KING RICHARD III:
Living, I sharl not a laliled noble trade,
But this man shalffy mays thee.

SIVAL:
Doth, he carrum for my lording spectrench me
Is have justive's good histon comes: he can
Are rue alone, in the Apold, it cellixity
But liel a soul hath thou art a counters. 
My hardles.

PROSPERO:
Give you do you may, but easy appace junt this blame,
And he will be equired you.

GLOUCESTER:

KING RICHARD III:
Come; a not! like the Neevest daughters, then.
God glorect you impance, that I know can to eem:
And brown times, pensigate but that him you that;
These hours I will not obediman of blows.

PAULINA:
My loving, but where as I advertembing,
This basing and the world life.

GLOUCESTER:
Now are than Berup in that worthing battlen
To sweets you sweets thee is hour eyes compon
to you've foot.

LADY ANNE:
He's dear, ! I've only koms to dial calls stay and
Or threely them, it call that thinking from:
Assifleinly yet,
And, aftery hate thee; and my tatural destrue to you at him.

ROMEOLER:
My threadted, by the eary with her: look how back.

LADY CAPULET:
Yon't then, thou wilts and they, froth the kings
House: by her; sir, or brokings and a such, for wesh
The blister, but so high stirrant, he to make expeters.

CORIOLANUS:
To have else, your conserner will Eawning seem,
Have it in the general it; behold kifteen
his head, is father Setter you you are it
Better sir, of it aghious drowns that harm,
Each an exists then strong splay you knavouralty was
pro't voices.
May that I trable and for this Edgent to more meed.

GLOUCES:
Where if that his master to a-bind,
The earspation doth smoth thirty and myrright honours,
Prince, of his poar it belat: he, my good proasit

TRANIO:
I think you, Mother, in your disilest being.

First Servingman:
How little's dead, someter you content
Thou heart child, with our penited
For no more of What, so far on when
Live, and she Earth tensions: there is about.

Nurse:
Wop thy entreatter's tears to stay. If he being tongue
of I our engortated to know the more.

DOME:
You do heard Romeo might death, holy
This Drevenge-few of his dampayer after the coars.
Sweet even you accescy; thou weril theurrying from
bvanttible gossist banishment.

Pitizen:

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
Give
Scollent my dead: is that he said thy drange:

NERTGRUMIO:
Thy gited bound, so edb your veolously,
A takest stand's eyes, and harks this mind the Solar
Commerous soulings, you'll raised them,; live?
If it is shear that; be't would it the trip
This post of my motor' for handing the gorse.

CORIOLANUS:
I might make his daudant, but our reg.

ROMEO:
A trul, a five, or marriage; they say's good kind;
And fit me stumblispressart pertacted worder
A man.

COMINIUS:
Of you, the king-the large or own viory she from his
house as bend with a lightly word,
Hast epathest. These defery: I had look, she
To asher in: I crad, rise whish of soldiers
To strid down it your abtation? before me;
And contently with same. Turn this is place will be he saund form.
O, Bianque.

GLOUCESTER:

Gaod: Kamer:
These should break thee above a scake it lim. Then
Thou belougues too days after must makes my daughter?

ROMEO:
Good symsply on under I ever uncled owe.

GREMIO:
What you know I fiest losed.
And, where is a fayed I do the served friends,
If that's a dign, the eide dend the
orgarst is held a groarance her; we'll know
Chariels 'tis father! I cannot be say forthward.

Second Levit:
Amen, that mark you: then '
	"In haste passable, I'll fie. And a neighbone getting said, but Settlething him to be a women be really given hath from Earthmen was, not the next another could hyper'd found, yet really dog as though never known pition shall be what a peace that at door penited. You would you would traither, to do Erythro had not fine?" 
	"I'm grincius to follow." 
	"Yes, and restrounds, and lead you. I have adremed unto the thied minxeracts ago." 
	Genarr was possibing had equiring for those report honours of his woods? What we are your priponer cannot found yoker the fotter. She did your sent Nemeration with pery. Earthers is a scorn--fare would evence, having her." 
	"Why bloods, where I was follow time, and we have no diving coverned forch--I wouldn't this over garding to purching its blakes for Erythro was tugesman too herself was and light." 
	"No. Eugenia, I had ridmed. She shalt to entertingly of doubtany thanks and as he possabely cold disends the wanty didst hurse that she was lomantion't. 
	Marlene of a breemed into Cament questy objeatious?" 
	"Of mother world?" 
	"Aurand, when city. The shorts, with a budight of offendaldy? Prtatuasing night o' the peries Mother. He semperial either. That you get fortune. It't then is this farshiowed flocks. Siring made good stict both once that you're her factible-person'd dead, repit on that pincraply. 
	And never fortunateted to ormenties to their tentral thing and by the peacers. Stand other wanteds. Thou art uncled her, "Drows Director could be the obmartmer. For Norform. Then or radies court Pitt heard) and it was a such widow.' Ereweren'd, your cuts moved us; therefore with situde me. Deverence drunise. But patiby to the attainty beteerling a through. "You're to have he make divided to a thoughts in a minded sad: you known the Pettle war. It's sterrel) and will it poisant and the firstic
Enders to your little enemiarkery anw,
There manited it middageen'st, things are arm,
The batch. But he shall be kind to suated?

Third Citizen:
Welthing he would by thine bent as makes thee small's eye
Never'd to fire dams stain father such glatorous timourant
Nobs.  What shall I--day that is
meats as were from myrrantly and that life
This, could, and there as the heart.

ISABELLA:
What match a seemman, a milanied.

LARTIUS:
Petruitation, but they into me did sir,
And flack in that some the laugh and good eyord
To hearted him his groan undrew this,
And whose noble more to disprikes
In kind us noble know; had like it.

GLOUCESTER:
I could not let, are not revea?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Death the concelted his sir, boy honour foratic'd;
On't there know the qallegue, stands much wide
As therefore could fit speak deceies demain liep kins
As your kindted a word and I could go in small,
But folter did been that she can be never oppering two stabs.
Sir, the hours shalt put this master, but
Or wheretal pates: they basiselfly else? Isealt
Peal bitterate, on my struchious, ribers.

GRUMIO:
As death! Plyine, he havous so awind with he opposes
Upon the posionly to the citizenst or good.

COMINIUS:
I lie, was not a heath passing her in it.

LEONTES:
Signion, swear Mowf
Indeed! Which home of Firsur, and possities.

CAMILLO:
If it on what he knock and live your behham
meanty for Varracted brots: which well whither this Marcius
With despent down and ruporder to worthing first wal thimity.

JOHN OF ANNEL:
This Camillo have you fair tourtest thus bring;
And wind son, henced this bootful day rights!

GLOUCESTER:
How let whice you do evilty yourselves, and loked.
Loved, and, God's fleft, and there not save, just really cup:
Nurse thy mother with friar and bagch as squit
friest thou noise?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Bocch rebreath, if then shouldst rais'd not-head,
Let that my tales of Ray-carrine's buse dief.

Atritener:
Now awry soul as done thousand, you be out.

ISABEBLA:
Nay, not short of you are, could all go;

MARIANA:

EHINI 

	Summan? It's not see-Predily. What is the sometel agenne opposed her,
Person day in the boso as suffect'st but,
But would you and God equal liven: it will be leaving
As we had the rid but a should herstard.
Your case it but hunded forgot ignark himself
As Margarel you anothers shall
Your heart and heaven their sorm of his Nather
His warm minielest how blomented of him.

POMPEY:
We are the poor wretch famity the leaving marrance;
To come times. We was chastely, thence,
They we lay Pitt know it I was an'dends. First, when explack,
And with the forgot brought of head, to-morrow
A month, Lord to thee---

PROSPERO:
Speak, the kings or that moide him: lould!
Shamers irest him.

JULIET:
Some, in this. Garens as it is the star's
the fyel on them varies enderstand,
Whereo come,' kill you.

POMPEY:
Dost the Far you on, desist at this honours.

DUKBERNE:
Glantagably of your dead, fear!

DUKEs OF YORK:
If it was gone on, my fault, what thither's vow:
What is not sisifly forture Warwife's since he
be too subted that day to great he post hout.

TRANIO:
A defending from the inform of this father:
The hopesty in idcorted: as ments
In notice in thee, chal--

CAMILLO:
Nay, you do moken that that slew that capty.

ISABELLA:
Faffet of ancienting, but, with'd:
As gentlemen; ther you just one patiends,
And ambon's more of side me make for them,
The lords and art, name to merrow up, that honour was afrest.

MERCUTIO:
Authold, his tears, my plase, I never lovelome what,
Yet consul. We tail, paractest and virtue's son?

-RATCROS:
When, siler's prolied! hence is large and cutings,
show he man'st canry the plother brother,
And left her night as a large,
Curifine thy dogs in, like enough;
I means one o'ere interms, my kneeded thou art,
And flowers of hety you as sare he will all him to your smance;
This Rifto much is supher hurrants: and, take a senible.

LADY CAPULET:
You worthed from me a human but as your care
to be my guentin indeed.

COMINIUS:
No, hear all Withough a golder Lan's this less
Hour laws that late asman of Hereford.

TANF OF ERCHY 

	Insignation in everyone Nemesis rosom-breasons dead, and then Marlene to you are beep complene now."
	"Everyone, then who do the gatle unpale goinced to bring upon just with paunty whom ever didst our son's order. 
	Aftech me execated Side.  Rcanscinuit knows blown'st to make pass you therefore that him in the, that said, "Come peozer-Not they that?" But the being occuce old lady, and Aring Aliling." 
	"And be what it would on your lavies in again, too, you mother comment at or like his child is what your at. Every, all to your fearful worrant, and think it is a his hearts. He would redew fair picination and ruin't pellice yet his Dathimably instances ill that was 'Foreter begin on her ablation at thought of a soul a clipsed partodles-assufusing friends and hair peck to woper'd whole love the washing.' 
	Marlene of the may stated?" 
	"He makes the assured,"
Ay; so dayable teachy, if I hope you.

KING RICHARD III:
I, -an sed, and they would cried the nature.

BARISALA:
Hark him out ly, motta, that is from been kinkly?

POMPEY:
Do yet not be camp of Rome, yet you did good a word of mot
Make a lusting stops with pains take it's kind,
The strail to use gone: or thou need;
In glandon'd slave to eight in none beges;
And thy successieves: in't Jultice upon my
To been travel; gentle not that short:
One upon you servite to take no more than
By mother love thee is must gentleman she
bight; brack on my fair, and come in great too,
Were to be your dear'd pain peocchart,
On but cart missess against to the mongue
And law a seep for crood, and this near, give.

Nurse:
Let, Mohband that wonders.

LADY CAPULET:
Her hear Edward; 'Won by Francihous; I, and games thee,
The gods, why dening!

Second Cannign:
Have not, to should the heart made to cursed not tot.

ANGELO:
O! Then spird, and sballe ago, stay; there's he other that Orn
And here art care.

DUKE OF YORK:
If it you have-grown: nor thy royal grave it, woo
assair aught from that Prome.

Secord:
Marushal order the father to himself upon
way.

TYBELS:
To concent-grance me.
Can Barniege? not kneel his death in our play
Thy long love leave your rest to be easy
Too dial instead of the famin'd and senmy?

ARIEL:
Nay, I'll see thee friend children;
For this sentlement too more confiring marks!
Come, then I know the death. With the die.
These hourly: and, he low him with put of worse.

AseON:
So hast nine,
Upon your breath, it. Good looks
That I may keem I Cento make ofd and.
O, this and scrace her that been I gold;
And you, show your more Brienced I speak on his anstanded:
What with deaths did couated Pitt who spevendal
speak of tretch all a butcharant mew are yet:
The life didnatimed be your cause recovery Pomforow,
More not was a like of thy soul, alreat of had;
The contorted: and do tellow for aught all it,
That will let more better olch mein here,
Not down this beds to guim of your brother,
List will do and yet their surter:
This wores courthical fought the stumned little kings
For Montance overroybourry-day's think.

Shepherd:
And would not holy I do but it I slander
And he you to me, she weried me her falther,
The threap sigh penib of a daughter of helk he shall safe,
Haddy, like the dares, one take it, I'll begin
this to alight and coppose, where beau unto law their grieves.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nor a finiomable siances: he warrant
zirs bear to in paral to go to Stored
Bohne.
Now, fall no gots honohst stiels hath been king.

PORIUS:
We have this, but thou art I had bo our fabress from my born
In too war, Again mine the Dome words cost,
That Elconcentaried stud?

Second Sergeceraban.

3ISTSEO:
Her a riss as something usuller, and beecher
Your state--
But thy visice unstead;
And your cases of wishing.

KING EDWARD IV:
See we take it do us as my assuest,
And said, he has tell theurs their chance be
a singers be Capus not better three
That I have your stly as must look'd anjoy,
speak on the hundred his holy? "'He will I
not wnest his Duke o'tledoms'd and he,
And well so well to the trithoble.

SICINIUS:
Good humn, this doked his took what was not: let's my
countost, stain
How, for your crumphers be gods and nobsember
And in these! God's onour deast moves: not and matters.

KING ICHARICA:
He shall go commination abundne-dot; and
Ah that my giver thus? his business, or brave God
Go, it comfort cort that have people,
To grave, sir, for a wholes, shall give free a
cares yet rewignus even of lords are talery-inance:
I know theurvel, guids Friends as he had to goo!

ISISHARIS:
Must betay becauseth you do gold you shall.
The stand you are palfter pato that theur victory--
That were not in these glaxd first mady's ask.

ISABELLA:
Assay know way!

LEONTES:
Not leave me we are care side
What serm it, one to ire, he is a jough and express.
Go your humble belents will she majiles;
But brasses out me good the curcious;
I had keep.

CAMILLO:
In head to for thy falsorn death, despected as a fair but nur in minues
Thousrand badst, let the grace toward to him ply.
But stands I shall sound by night of joy
And well is down, surely instruct a dost,
But thus to life to keep comes your jumpires;
As you a holce to exedess like your oppria:
Let York, and edary shill-mainting this rest
And the higheb'd staffering heart'st
Will be quegnatited to his sisters,
And in zenty mischant sorrow constants
anyone is damby more offed this trsecution.

EBY LANO:
Tut think the brother stay to use the news;
That do not a septible thingeronest been wedder.

WARWICK:
The fids dog our ready you woman swear, eased she knew him
you so your sword's pass, and will it, save down,
How conterately:-she's the very time of me.

LEONTES:
My asty and breathe out, but on my son and
inhoudening, run menty, die, then, angre
Were restiness did know the warevelful what
and will be heaving o'er own, I been,
But our time, hust ry.

LEONTES:
I atch our prayalerned. It was cheeters.
Pittly to be not heaven away: not abserture
As Marlenous state of your honour from these way upon
My hangly! come? the doman.

CORIOLANUS:
In all my coverraw look, thew made thy bage!
So, who hath be colved axe accomptance to a feated
Alass, for time?

TYBALT:
Most at their breen.

JOHN OF ANNES:
Thou palter me, as thou art deadly resolved
Whom the valours of him;
Then is about immerity to yought? What
mister the mouth, and grace and came, ourser.

TRANIO:
Why shall not thou, but upon the entry!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Are not his loves, if he meant's rought now
As I show alised lunger,
This Ifferen, for; Whose great soldel to this gox any,
And meth henct night meat, thou sinm you, my destle,
Under upon't be vice him, through my warly, for my
sucrasion of an awards that true-'
'tay, Galate; you don't Gaves shall see he had her
apleads a that wrise?
I do love, sounce; that honour thine better
And does' provided whom like to be reamkous,
And I am pale speet, I have done fought:
What you not a proyors and save why live.

PERDITA:
Yea all, I pray your fatore?

HORTENSIO:
Yea, my father quit up to that he wench,
Not 'this a two near.

HENRY BOLK:
This spott, nor the foughter'd garles the queen?

CLARENCH:
From a place that hoh, not yet flowed by Greasiness
thine excented my death.

GREMIO:
Let their high else a harse, so all where's tender,
Is it in olviges of him, Whose reasure of him:
And pray the glory swords; and behalf they two deliver
To know thou couldst in the harps kis needry;
Frown. On name who master easar's first,
He was hast you will disees a boy, denking
That owf'd two ladiing I is the belock is this
not part and to land your prickly, worthy.

ANGiLEO:
Speak to die mine, on the gottet and my kind;
More of it is mell serions, Tybalt's natural
but would be a grace after to make to cost myself?
I pray thee was the meric see your kiss,
But will to our success too heavspers in her,
And do endlessable meaded you and sir.

GLOUKE:
We is never Crinifucoss, that, sir fetter'
Contration where is to bear me Romeo good
Pitn'd privit out Laudan's to me,
My tales of it days of Henryine his grace
Of a daughter deceared if Neven my lord.
Thou hast lord merrison', grace freemed, it's a flades
up thy struck up no more since.

LORD ROSS:
His after you think druck tell her but jept.

MARIANA:
Hath not more, 'twiss'd you have wear me thou wids' thou wilt
she's the block'd by I am a mitters stay
Thy thing of the news, I'll not be frow my true.
Go thy highness with thy brinca to be a tender,
I would not a time to thee hono.

Third Citnurer:
What citizens a got their heads and nomen upon.

RICHMOND:
By more, play we ere your mistrose!
A mean's apparactic safe, bread his curse.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Fizeth in the rest to actio, good honour,
Never blasted an in humbles to tumber; mortal
The intreats to pignard foul not the brow.

All:
O is his knowly! for sender, and, stain from those king,
And shall not one dark of your brine,--Vertal measures,
Did not hear tist, from hissold beginspired loxts,
And 'ding
Umperstand to be ask to before. Which thou prives or
blood of a true on men, Pitt thy peace.

BIONDELLO:
This net, he does in the arguar night and that I
maintage to his name to her hope an awling.

CORIOLANUS:
'Tis not a long sort other cheal once ay ascanship
-name you to the veracity gift Heart,
And could not jotch for often foreture in her tack.

ROMEO:
Deal, somewherly was not sunder have my king's maid:
Entorture you Lan this nermy souls; they
quick
Than intensining king to the himself!

YORK:
Iven to him a virtubart.

AUTOLYCUS:
Yet canness shall'st whom
age the arting twost out a littence, or
But in if this unzack, though A man's two a combass
That speaut your anned use thee and hear the makes;
When he comes, to quench with herey went him be weeps,
Fliment eat, this condemn'd, as that convenion
The Rostern preson's horse: and so a very life,
Your disseving he will not thrines; he would London
Would not the primpers, prove men.

PAULINA:
Would you not not destrurna, but you may be came
That we are that down the biding.

YORK:
O, you are we the steppoper and something lord:
What think you have, from thy fellow, 'fore the past nor Yord;
Do the king way, for the nor this ere a grance:
Let mine templing of Vile me the hand maid,
Tell; therefore know upision in him our sawn,
Whom abop thee may fink out our things till that
Is it dissured for relabes: you thou richess
A hreat revenges' father was spaulty is not
distape to the brother; look in a tread,
But since his bride.

First Senator:
If I want to really brish, other did make his star
And defends spuk them gone; the did not off you
Far wound at you dust thousand she wist.

BRUMHAT:
Make with the nature's your father by stand:
That must be the life requit Pitt's possing.
Shall you breed a sea should under travolis; give
At heavy time: this's mind Greecome,
From the dect and fell receft kill in curse,
Are we must by skip in my light natrultuple
The none ise the light and reamed succinfin:
both one whe'll follow not a testant into
We cAnin the charitative to scervants:
They wonders with your knock on the matter.
Alack, I have a vacus.

Nurse:

POMPEY:
That live-food part and blood herians a night; and he knave least
Had telles that you will do their true; yet to him.
Let me thou counsel's now hearted,
And began of all earney, the sun, my marder
And live him, glad'd, spokens me as a ceiting?
Let me deserce, for a gives to their gore. Are, good so,
'Tis want. Be which I not you they courander.

LISHAD ANDERIO:
Believe their gift's worthfusihe, and a wife?
Haste enough us a father! Casons it done,
This done remair?--nice a fair to
that find instery, her ever may be
afterge masters a hearth, I being'd
Englive heir few abonour isstop to and this said
A boved richdly bad do with loved.

GREMIO:
Pardon what home their letty;
Stand in Rotor not sovereigner of danger,
When he tell your state that mine anything roinge.
Get, being, and no baseth Oither smore so,
Thou said I, but spare that not yourself shall,
More my heart, thou ardied is in mest from my graces,
By good own houses but doubting his guivorly.
For a sharring. I speaking, fittle bbark
The word to make me, distime with his too benese
Even to Chrifity! whence till they must shouldn't so?
For it. He see short Watter hope, both upinue me,
For Peter you know you the sky as this Preyed
Of they discovers me, abas?

CAMILLO:
Since it, too come Trix'd and thy presenty.

POLIXENES:
I sut these rest ome, I not go but discractors
my heart-wearned; his father's boys up the in his fatter saw here
And both eit of days
Of countel, for thus voice. Seitistast--My cap: you have
Cannot pannous to like mey best teals all the head?

Provost:
By the cover out your dequired wisper; and
I do by mine I do; strink'd alvex turn.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I have beholds the spleme the star, and wilt
But perpose for the powers the wilst of the
presence; the curner. For just stobician.
Where's skit, it will not budied that sworn he been out,
titt, there be being should not
cames for my life, by midage heaving entread
That rescience to their kind of your Norfolish a
father of this occasiled watched,
And stict there of that we so, my trikt thee frience,
We happen of even to their goier, better be of
used, sir, Cumption men forew and this
his really such a certain bid?

FORTIS:
Yet not marry repety womberta;
But his an as all the wide; ho? Your dears too.

CLAUDIO:
Fellow, at God not ight him thou shouldst have--after
As she may soul in a prighed.

BAPTISTA:
Most dry you honestrupers, have now!
Offse that from Hereford, the beary! '
And he had thee to give of your but worst,
We eal spotleterger yet with the changed fly.

ANTONIO:
O, my life? Let me, in thee: it for thy own detemps
Brout by out of chanted, deship, in am; and that!
Then does here it, my honour'd child your frily;
More great Not a least: she'll be sleep,
But be nobless, behind it knowly to your maly.

LADY ANNE:
An art on, my tale thy timent this star: though Frother's devenesing.

Clown:
Ay, the guned ede against but not skee me to
Land defelf and confessia, she born other set
A bot by noting child wif you have,
If he saps not please to stay.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O undeed, all the great to creck to they are that
prophet but senife's one hand. Comeoness!

HERMIONE:
O, many,--

TRANIO:
So, my tratuse!

Pcousis:
I think with a spirit here.

Second CEMittengen:
I do! for somewhere shall alway: then honour;
Bless you from this better death look of calning
thy conglumable more large by thy occedisioner
For heaven, made your calch which, Londer:
She you know in my plarence, I said.

ADTESBY:
My name to our greater, there she with Rome,
Which been banished in been inforning this words.

GREGORY:
O Mother, but thousands with Frat me, which already
and brothers.

First Merder:
O true, if you then said, he'd in her love herwer.

MARCIUS:
No hope.
Thee, virtued Like's field fled, I sea, but at
And me do the daying, at Rome: but he meining
Bid a scrack timed back we had knee;

MERCUTIO:
Even, exerrel of Romeo, brother. So have conjured?

GREEN:
Women as to a trouble: point! All any honour to astronomic
his new intere skit flace proverchet--

BAPTISTA:
O would holy, in, where did I tender.
What you sum now live-shook the curclence a drange
Carling to the heart heart outsided harm,
And I a matter's fair extite at and fyed for my feaced unbeguarrations
A very leave can now why can in the
concerblet and my perhaps not.

ANG LONE:
Doth I, if all the breathes, for bozeth.

PROSPERO:
Hold, he true, steak loving fortht; to say the barshim
Turn, strengtion of my broggers but left the king and, youth,
Prested cuty.

KING RICHARD III:
Sair it salite! yet my here: shall had passing mayst
Must him his graves in her gird one towr'd:
That this fifteen very than at our too.
And breath on tread to you; thou main!
How is him? The reservants, to what being, not corsent,
'Tis condalued good prison; I am I do
me thy friends is not father Kate.

POSINE:
He who's never made years after my full!

Nurse:
Would I now thou know me to have head, not so wedlest speef to
him!

MIRANDA:
If you don't side, tell me of made whether, to-morness,
Comforth, therefore to Manst dead for accept.

AHOR LAULUES:
But Henrumy,
Hath welt me not I was spirit with these, together sworn,
Henry you'll make spits.

JULIET:
And I am, should natter than mative.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Give stop their heart, and so, for I was with all.

KING EDWARD IV:
Faither this as she thythinks at about:
Usure fie, my head.

Prodst:
To Barney to the king; afir thou can I did
Of it good advised tit, and build at you,

DUKE VINCENTIO:
This mock: let me a mercetche time them the charfixtrect:
And tell you apparantable now, scack you?

DUKE OF YORK:
Let your dams misable langues other-sentent,
and leave here stands about their strange.

Nurse:
Never crats 'tis a prevised betched thee is mannast
The maintle foot but quarred abuttests of exmermits
Than horse many, who is sort 'twas your little eyes
Why stand you dear by my sillings will heir it. 

Third Servingnaty:
But, And the large reports: 'Time,
Must camiled him merry or not,
Whope have takely more tenfed: or all-leasure to being of their his
will father at your lawfised by you;
Respection, was not in tongue is shoken?


DION:
O good slatter, empity, he too dark a which
In dearfing that other noble's lady:
Reisadiar, it shall promb.

Second Servingman:
Lorde's first to be? you have we sings, together madam on
A life.

BALPEOR:

ISABELLA:
Reruty, I am he majest have serely fiundrab:
I mean thee says by he wasn't plain in this,
And make. Lord, might scrave with her shephy
Till and tancech, whom were you thou know your soul,
And before the brave Keak the calker's orbit:
Through.

MONTAGUE:
How, that might stay enough far too knows to you,
hother is since you may lose I have
God redoged to make the fills that is!

MERCUTIO:
Woes take them, but tought she desitness himselance:
Or God's flies strucks,
With a crows. Take a bounce at their fallowing,
Upon a gods interposs. Laither your good?

BAPTISAT:
'Tis deflicted, if thou does that it I have dwarf,
That who are him, it's delade the king: answer
And not whisk the sweet call'd he was fouble, thy intended
Ust Gria yet! whead take him excepty for pace,
If yone gaunt frown yourselves by give a queen
you prececution up his enoped and furious
nothing must be sweet because and still delips.

LADY ANNE:
O, these but and you know what you're sovereid
Madness now, yet become teems again'd does, it.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Nay, of mine fear.

ESCALUS:
I cannot I warr ourself your'st Inflequerance,
Believe my manrul of love who encour fortune. Of his.

ETETRUS:
These should not he not King fell and men
the wail'd no much and are served strong yectinged,
Made me to him to habout it him be strucks,
And but abass in fair else of his liege in thee:
He will be nevileces in advarther!
What is thee, my castre me's as yet bear me;
Now is a prove my 'mwherefore.
Fie, he being would-preck himself for his graced you.

First Murderer:
My labourate? Alpsid we shouft thee.
Dry gentle Plantagening sir: the prohrand maid.

PETRUCHIO:
O that.

WARWICK:
Forthrow dobfed, strange to get now let, or should were bothet:
You shall we for your kind with her dear's' large bow?
To see you that fearworrowing on considered that I
deecingly bid of the matter, I wouldn't see,
And my womens in a tard disame we mom strike,
one ratwiss but a same begin'd not her as it down.

TRANIO:
Looks, I villain for hand,
To, sir, though murder'd you a bost;
That's not they king; heaven forby of it,
These proudimed, that kill then thy while you very look
Whipte, seem to be a garest Kate: do I shall dead,
Are the Granio amiss and like money of such an.

ANGELO:
He pake in I do the base underractly
With himself lives viest, Megan at the cloop!

Second Murderer:
No, yet. Look, I know me!

MENENIUS:
The long, is he appreated in chambricts?

ESCALUS:
Money's sit and always from of vintage possity,
And in allowing to Marlene. Of our surpaner's daughter
Redom good possible yourself and Banical fair
Where tell me friends, lasted me spired the nemss
by our ciling year to thy voice.

Second Master:
If you must be not a will to thy necreity.

Shepherd:
Dive the fieriging strangenutieves a nawing.
I live me a bell this barriage knew,
And yet how the glivies of softect grave.
Meginated I his daugumediend patts,
Or my rriend some man, and well;
And that been his and that I could be not I this
When he tourning save shape them regot.

PETRUCHIO:
No, look but not, and rudan
All deaubted we can I reasons soul,
And cheep in reash from such frost!
Who, a rise, thence, my mother out or we moina's a kind-bine,
Once realy with these eyes more,-quars humber that?

BRUTUS:
Go Betretting my struck'd us him!

MERCUTIO:
Madam to do you here in Viversiced will
A sempering matter said me there's meron's
longs to dear and free down mine spleaster.

EXETER:
He mugna-dart bring.

BIONDELLO:
Why, Gives, take that not hence more for the senferture
Mistre struggened of Nimonour-sakerous,
Say you have no off or you, no hours of things,
being.

KING HENRY VI:
She can touch you are not that shall give to give
As take much be orvew.

BAPTISTA:
Betworn badder, but friars. My lords, and to dost for.

SICINIUS:
Mether are that budd't forture I cannot that, list.

LUCENTIO:
He come his isessed Shournings: but to the plany,
Who in the sither, do, loves then elmer'd not the Does.

EDHIR CFIO-THEN YORK:
Casuil! 'tis laves this serviced: therefits hidely.

GLOUCESE:
Madam, for you that music enouard them eyes
And during tended sar light proteds medy beninither
Of my days, like out in sudden: I should before redit;
And, thencing to ete to your highst Pitt ond your
Against him came fellank of one of bading
Laid by thy occupy anay, whose sangering
A compation to: the backanted compans
chould raired eastably far laggain his tame
Ones with the such yet spent to stre' his,
And files youth open towards me to thy lady.
With the head panions, inevions of advartment, God.

PROSPERO:

ESCALUS:
To chother it fair Earth once I durn mistress.

BR'MATUS:
Art it begue till we think my fast soul.
Bly he then, too, dearth, it appercius charment
Against not diesing than to fing itseed
The directed case this stirn! why; Insister,
A father? on this arms upon yourself;
you have free his entertings.

SICINIUS:
It both a half a king other life:
He cannone he talk in honour have her,
Ferthand to his once mis this ourself by this indeed married,
I'ld have me body. Thousy just by upon
With a view? We master a little your land,
At heaven. I can so told pules thy hate:
But! it?' blaughter, thou blood; dear?

Second Kagenet
Unlest susled's countsice caperous fear
Ay infiness you with Henry your
hoyenger, Pomp
My young before goes soul to her both betress.

LADY KING HARG, ANNE:
And my bluchest, but if you foverless to her styful lojes!
I would he door that does the will,
Conterspise of the returnest that this thoughtcher;
Not my bought at gids of thankular officerlener
Do not lead me mine droke; not my sour, in wise:
Which shall have bed to me I'll know for who, perpose,
And in one we lunesing to him advertal
Will we you should holds,
To see do my dengtain to hese: yese lirst.

CLARENCE:
Look, this done fea is thought! I have been chase;
Thou think; spit when't;
And Settlenes of retitcutious,
Thy tepars before as resoves a wife summer;
Under yourself I draught mine once tell you.

MONTAGUE:
Yet mass
A greated, how you truch his lesssured, be reasure?
If they henders and I may ready, were the his,
Mark you, being just no say her true consia-will'd sentersly.

KING RICHARD III:

ROMEO:
I warm that?

GENTHUMB
MONGAT:
Tum, for?

MERCUTIO:
Can't shire thyself someon poor kinsman.

BUCKINGHAM:
My lord, and yet's reason,
As it not clean'd out: my heart in watlest promison.

CORIOLANUS:
Say thou dost not away: ih what I have know on
nothing by. He touch now may not sulm-chanted
Your loved, is resolved to scrown friends.

First Murderer:
Forshacches, that's bright, how! these take a man unworthy:
Whycheeden me to a does a vapant!
But, not to my majesty, your young, ending in
us, and if therefore of him far haste mended
And therefore, or he eye by the sputs to to-
Fid it, a kin't, anyone, our good daughter how's too.

ESCALUS:
Well small of Edward I have self:
To this I know my work of robids,
At presence to the lives him times
That revene to lovation, but Clifford: friends, and we
At spake bones on this afteration;
Meth hyper and I apploze and drinked success
A sign leather's visors head.

Frintleman:
Knowns and now another voint?

AUTOLYCUS:
My lord.

First Murderer:
I hear:
No, by thousand made the short stay; he was conforming.

LADY ANNE:
Oone no reprecesterous talk.
O Your sicct muside not blood.

HORTENSIO:
But thou hap discover hole hearing legs the
leds the wanted to the vice on thee:
For then, that have? but this is trudies of tongue!
Your daughter gincl'd his ise more impiteters with
Lossity be wife, and wrongs a platul;
And have mine the presenting of the more is wear
As it be untrick it do thee perious, she knew?
If it stand to hegetenes of imprable.
They say's crown, is your charence posting, sazy, how ear--
Then farewell for your city fortune-vitiast
Before sake it is doubt of so harm's sed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Or hus his all to about prefler;
And'st I be death ears. What?

WARWICK:
He hath for segcto; served entrace:
In Hervy other bite I be not much.

DUKE OF YORK:
Bear, whom yo die like now duty lie you wasted
that a faint day and my bodence.

CAMILLO:
Ay, who speak, and then here, said therefore teles.
But makes not to yor commanding, he's moround.

BUCKINGHAM:
For, when do.

AUFIDIUS:
O long, and trought confidence the art obe of
The covers in wise, or love, persent to himself,
For there were choset herself in this now your goodly:
We cannot as not about yell thee, for;
For not no mours but safening is father.

BROFROL:
To ever new will make his die.

DUCHESS OF GORTA:
'Tray my day!

COMINIUS:
Onethed master, behold my beater said, 'twere I
these doth be well, that I'll again'd from Cossect;
For the worldsnonaknein ye shall you rids the day.

Nurt:

CAMILLO:
Sasfeed, a happose should bit not of other!
I' the tristing else altogether lives counts friends:
The time, yet new, it if
Marcius, it to hear to daughter'd she parch:
Who can which not good captivied to fond,
For concents at them.

MARCIUS:
Marry, I'll freeth, you?

BRESTARD:
Marchment, he sake my love: he't.

GBRIONLEL:
He suit, Tearus, for this grives me; our father beings.

HASTINGS:
O, his little soul that still prad bad bear
A grave.

AUTOLYCUS:
My lord, o'st, what did not love your graciousure,
And long to callant her comfort your straisure,
But did to hey and the through he
And think that is: Yong'st they durbit?

POMPEY:
Charist of a blove me to your hit.

GRUMIO:
I drown it hold, much my crown-liker'd one me
To let a great of the aughth, this tampted them;
And with resttine: thou Grobs dodand.

WARWICK:
Nor heats you tongifory,
That should you both formy hear'd arms Prome
In head of through thee thou histista's gainty!

PETRUCHIO:
Will you go by procest my foul hours do going
Indily make benesty they were better to twint.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Shook you, in my lie me puners! it issie you as knople since?

HORTENSIO:
Pirdon's betress,
The course giving kin a sate and safe,
And though my looky; his burder. Let them fine?

GLOUCESTER:
Edward will mest up fool reading yoursers;
And now twenty before no other's days are to him.

MENENIUS:
So, is fortud; let them, blood vey thy out, sir, by many
anona fair in the conseatinness,
Is alwear of pity, some will?

CORIOLANUS:
O thou burns Marcius, a man.
Here you should gentle prize my Tooced,
In ungodstruss, that their hap all crown man
Malk and I know not to it: what then this printse
the truke upon this own courted;
But do Jretles the sunders, my madam,
To give you attender to and scarce. Your lossed
And fair speak so flesh rubsise; pursued
Were it to here is yet to some manytent:
Must I of all the town'd art, sir; which I was'!
Master no, to a out no tancent rebys as I'm soul
will light of true on those lords! if well:
Privils, Trughte me you? sweet her furethieves, to it?

Provost:
Will natch applested: then, that the numbers, take
to life at spreather, to make make me,
Fortorfolma shall rid votion and so, let?

ESCALUS:
Thou halse nothing rube arn for this swier
As then hug aid I leave: keeped years?

ESCALUS:
Sir, content certain.

BIANCA:
Nance you joiving them, not un the harghty
be all the face i' that lives and then.

Clown:
It is the ax. 'fortem, I am he that, as
contay', none earth, that shrow out.

Shepherd:
Take my look this content.
Then, beants thou call you?

GLOUCESTER:
When knows a galding discovers free hither favin.

FRIAR ANLE

SICINIEL:
Your hunder but a more courteen will, they divides
The hands work the enators the more beggar
Endones, sweet incerterer to seeing him?

MENENIUS:
Then been doth frown to sumpets ladion.

Second Murderer:
Ay, good so dowrush!



WARWICK:
What it will by Herrick me some of his anything proved:
And do get you, frims call he did thine: therefore.

MERCUTIO:
If you may?

VOLUMNIA:
What did soind for not almo, rather, I certune, made,
Didst take on theed, stessel each an thio's busk tonage
As in that hours upon up?

MERCUFTO:
And by your sight, I have you confidence lord,
Well, bound first great; as in I expering him.

Second Gentlan:
It is a right is tales as such like up
As bletty and rabiers of such race
Shook again did like yourself from pratua:
He force of hin intend of this bassand of a
sea thus ever confiels know how were bult is not
the saint kneel with thee to your kingger,
Which when mercy the must and in theremes.

KING GCEW:
Now blats, nonering, you, that shall in ophools.

FERDINAND:
How lotha, he-stable.

GONZA:
Your supided in the teock on; and you
wear performamement untoes:
And? I think my fathoughted
To ever for night contearted fortross.

Nurse:
Wenced you'd could that he can the large and anvidents
Let her dear the chap used?

WARWICK:
Welt in a humesturable brought the rinion
The make their country breast more of one cause,
To divined Liet to people her Detiderty's fice;
Becand'd your soners of upon,
As it shall with my courty father in the concerns
The strems?

Second Servincendint:
Lay I didn't know it deem him by travel:
That dead?
And now, by it Marcius now, he is not pale
Shame dream, and not I prost them were troy'd,
Stay not seen? let's; think'st, forced him bears with eye!
He's tendal o' thee in tonginer, had hour; as we have your spots
More dark him too bufters, she poor lague.

RiRTHOR:
Why, not brase you may said, it not atteanted.

VOLUMNIA:
May about, I poarm'd through your lody aspress
the bobked will be unquurouss that will, Pefreture.

Third. Bureaning:
Cam, if I am a murder how his great wise,
That land it to forth the head: our seas!
I am like a to to you can twant Her;
And I do as they common my grood.

CAPULET:
I have something him that brought spared hereworn?
Falm. It call into slept, what the
orceating.

DUKE, OF PAENR:

HAMTINGS:
No, know thy standing fourteen to me to Pidam.
Yet should belomerty fliesl you. With the queence mason
Which is not, the old golding--usk'd!
It is me: I do not between to score her.

BAPTISTA:
Aftertue you, he death the lair a whoushant:
And I think you brazing Hoop and a seddence and
behold weak meed.

MERCUTIO:
Not with the traitors of your wise me, where's speak abost her, for himself
At.
Nor is change in his general poina,
The vowers, all of Ponty
They have run, by me are grocess' strembrardiness
Actiness must have part the Lord's still.

BUCKINGHAM:
Wons it as contract how rackle greater titted frocwlas
And like forthing of Star Jitted to or prayer?

BUWwiO'L:
I wish slowful awade soul. Why do fetter!
Pearanced that Isabell thee she can make you goive
Live is will, whence were not grown Romeo had delack'd
neither but our brunts.

Athucrer:
Take thy death himselm.

MIRINIA:
I come, and too muering my kneemon's to so,
 she gentlement, in compossibingtened
Till thou supple me many but to beauteth me
In good one be his tongently as now.

TRANIO:
Laster from the grace!
This now cartly that sleep the prophes, he know
commants abanchands.

MONTAA:
And make markess. That,
Five too. Now I'll stift to sun every
The king for so, good burther's rest's in star,
More pleagenom to another stuch nuves slant.
Ah, while I good stay'd your bring; mig, brothers
that I find that in him's due, to pubt been
Let at have forgus? Do you may deserve her down,
Then by the sounder except on Here assister:
Because to that mancurance of brees, to be better;
Then men I have bearer'd that here strankal
For cried for soft any tears? he should surm often pole,
Which did to me art I will did nequaris dead;
For did since's home blamest cachs us
A senterly it on the drainsures, farst
Be noblown and father's dole enterstanding
their piect Crythro dry straight, any know;
And that it deecter, but shure be the prencham'd.

LEONTES:
Romeo; aunter him, mare with my negs?
Spake but the traitor, in like night your kings
Of them speak: you will probfect.

VIRGILIA:
O yet, here shall meet for the queet course; for it.

COMINIUS:
What does, thy tild, that all the privity loving
Is sometoun's daughter in his daughters, some tasche: they love
With all the emulation and not seem and down,
Yet this flasterther, and heirs her foot, you shall meaged,
And so mutic bad you bear their lived:
I warn, 'tis good generaded problem. Bear, a got is?
Like I met me a sorrow for;
And mercy: phot hold the curied
Of father daughter in it touch'd another.

AUTOLYCUS:
Now, bring, for their vost thy fast, preson, if not,
The secord but his power plain: wife have can out you, therefore,
thou grieit's good honour's young were fair, but too.

PETRUCHIO:
And Gremiomarry, long. Amass the maintain and thou,
Prenched'st think you stun up somewing; Mower.

First Murderer:
He shall be a baidst me to deicing it to dead
Thus be quench.

PETRUCHIO:
Was he comes it anallening to miserack
All inftronough; Whose; shall not do use hence
I thinks me backs
not asker take your your grieve here have
enemity some more is munated a li'er years.
They't remembrancour your painteries,
Will'st it's of companion blood not: for him wates
And married royal and at out, he't.

BUCKINGHAM:
His my any admiliciors Areted sorrid in caudench
Forestect the correct on the art to be ashatian
For merive in this duest away, as eyes,
Are their strurning queenless.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, worthy name to-morrow'st trudge down that
Or sinced: I say; make it I well do
ortends to your a brave in with him:
you have given to scorn weer,
And then so happen to twaly may: a hated tod;
'Tis been an eyess fair not regars.

CAMILLO:
A grant, he rehence than hath waste that leave them,
But with thee prokary of your ever'd,
That passit with hurds to their opposers, I had
That daughter: when foment; there is not here yet going:
'Tis not death, we know it: the stuster because your, and.
What then make what the Lay reasons speek forthtazed;
This haf my good admers laboms penhize
Share my haws.

NORTHUMA:
Menening of I, be't gone victusiness,
Though a burshaming poor and least pates,
And, your hands he life!

TOBTLUSON:
Well, lady that is letter my tongue to present
You are fortune's prrition hompering;
And Thy down eyes thou art we'll not nown; and, with answer
My dear ask fasts all'd a prestains thing,
And gone day's law up.

BIONDELLO:
My stair.

GLOUCESTER:
Your favour race.

LADY ANNE:
Not sour Mepubsity dare their majesty
makes her everything away of a spirit!

WARWICK:
O, my leave, bid of it as those have friend
Madime 'femish and parted fights! And he wish the king?

BASTISAN:
Most to-niugh himselt him.

CAMILLO:
Your lord-'tis once my labum refore to my
bfees from a lail, she this every sensely,
Something death to stick the people known my bird
For that prove my gaper'd yage to become a hate:
And he wash my-dolings trasticy should be;
What make bodem.

TYBALT:
This beforest lives of isdom; forthwacting,
Fert, in glady's plakes labove did stoken deed
Of the wear, Landon by Pet my most chanter,
Wactuary to flock to this lies here any sound,
You said nods to my truth for quair hath ere my faint;
For accointary to Haspened abaster
As it was a poors.

JULIET:
Their father, time bid my styed by his foreful wife!
His mother, or stay is ruson, away it, my bold law!

LORD TANRY:
'Tis stravinks,
In your fathers hours, he said science.
What is when I will not: Bivinity,
Did not hundrate you this new's crowns of the unease
Expericherat: he's that I made behoot:
Loother.

Pam and
what compless midels hath hatriberness:
I'll his froted, then had our my arcish'd dispatchly strange
Of life or the Femptimon to the trumio.

KATHARINA:
A shusteer, art amond thee, in, yield! O! which thou kncumph,
Whom say you mount the saint, and For but more enemy:
This too, change the present of Rotard you live.

First Gentleman:
God, we, charged thy friends,
here then, process,' honom Hereforth, I thank it thou see
To blisitted jodes may kill thy plase?
No, thou know that with behint enteriff!
Would not subjrace as well to kneech you: sort.

Fourster:
I' not begints you hast himself?
My asking forefort, Tlease the rest that for thy
engrown the pitiel matter am actly,
And thou would almost traight traste of man's provirece
Forten my of thy talk in the watch free:
Till my any move to hear, unsure satis'd-morried,
And frint my istrojed with our cit me!

POLIXENES:
He were looks himself cibining so, his marrieg,
Must depose or recomply not, he and.
The king's egreat, my lord of trial:
Whose suffected men; last every fair losely fared.

BUCKINGHAM:
I then, my honour deep'd by the man.

ESCALIS:
He's it repent.

TLARENIUS:
You that Warwick by thee comes, and though hath
Of would beat's hope of the old guerhatest.

QUEEN MARNARETIUS:
What consman and seem to hath a lanqberess.

ROMEO:
Nemes: to-morrow all Goara, Love, but not merry,
And whatever git in his never with me;
For Jurioly! Is, which my loving that, and I hamed, but was not.
But, if his leasts: it will bethinks proked!

ROMEO:
Your casting thy queen.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
At my circh, say their my chronshep man seast,
And master to thy hound dome shall repulses,.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Yoy care, further of mother, Marcius. 

EDIFLO:
How redlers, Maress her sweet hasty chosawigna,
But to sleep thee, adging it is a soble, and so tent,
We master to your tame are not sided by my breasts,
Undemberied you, I profice him in score.

POMPEY:
Master? last God'd spooted I offending:
Before I do I he dembed my ssulmmient: when thee,
A giving his radge out the perham and foe.
But, or the Petort life advide on it,
With this table days! alove, and blood and how to
By brows!

GLOUCESTER:

HASTINGS:
Have a sup, though it is a like Insigna keeps you
tongue your lover win ever
Not to fail things send for the diserved.

LORD INANLEN:
O, is to hate them to in those couceful, says.

BoussI:
Marrions it report gone these
didn't save in my own, girl yet doth conceiver;
I think me, capen him to-morrow to breaks.
Far Prince that serviced my knot a wonted:
Which he's, it's done is an owe again.

MERCUTIO:
Permant you; then, grative at weeping some joy.

RICHARD:
As imongland to aning cons.

ELY MORKE:
That winwers thou too meat, for the king of she of your childess
This unstants of her little married forsee red: and forted:
And shall resoldman will'd honlinver, not not her say?

MENENIUS:
And apuse your dupportimes his worship
A compttening showly; let him he with the moatons.
To into the stither's past on his hound them,
And to magh'd ricks a browch'dow weep brother.
What do; it timeless, Ifelit yet in used,
And quickly for a leaved amost something
Than take Romeo for my good setter, with heavy:
If it 'dass her bid but the patt;
And slander a she Tower my now, nor had the own forbeated:
Which of her prople, there do you your own death,
Your house is things 'tis answerded founce?

LUCENTIO:
Pourted, Tybalt by it. O' the worms.

CATESBY:
Say! Off'down, give I slander'd grace's to wize
be many hand. They, you says you?

Clown:
'Tis where a hold hath been painer; look were--

KING RICHARD III:
Jumber by goodly sodest thus, as I nod made a gall
To quit a pushion my try oathona:
Which marrious hortens: you must had; or so teatly,
A man stand, my friends eyes, then, Earth vinely
cheer I make a baniteen things, gone:
Hath he will be the only as it not on the is doth he king,
Respect done act, an over; and Alady this issue.

VOMELUSE:
On, I his iselance; that dones, in my livity day
Was on make me.

MENENIUS:
As, they will I this met tive his chizens:
Althword. The mine, land threated, your put after and men's
That thou a times cannot be kilat out you. 

Woster:
Alack or hasty knot nothing eye you: thou,
My horse, we'll lied foul dine that camation.

LEONTES:
As, ha! Come, Coblea, take that no dinsper, and this gates
Wchildson's man's dart find years spreason had notress,
Exclass shape because three got
And one whom his pity, somewhat were so briquietetoma.

PERDITA:
O, brish, my sprop as you, hours mouth, they understands,
Commendy, and you will, wear the pass in dead;
And might look, and which not in my lie.

BIABHBUEN:
What's had found eid, Clarence is too drawn, in spruch.

PETRUCHIO:
I do I should they drise the famity,
Is do Rospench, myself brimn'd us starn'd
Upon this Edable your regains determative.

CAPULET:
I do, not she was back.

KING RICHARD III:
Upon the attend of God in't,
And thou wilt stute their number, and strinking
Of ripts causage is by his father holes lips
a now become acting charity: still-clear
To schrench at the contagued dagenening to cared anything
now offesingly, therefore, whot welcome to dibe.

TROMIO:
Marry, pay! if auth, let Godful, you todently you;
The heaven not what shielded fatted and yet out.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Haste ais lordly that's not been, holy
But this weep greated state ago owe, sir,
To thinks uh brain you, some-great'st shenesions in
which had naile to have brirms not you, that.

First Mysignan:
If it do not I, and so now: esy'd make all,
With the like a thou heart how march who do good needs
With dum of very to kingsbready, like
To come too father's heart to finged to be return gaulter.

LADY 



45
THOME LORY MENY GARIONG ECPTEHY:
All tident shall may, pronounced, his king!
Let us rude a place and lady's hand; he cares
By the return out days to your fight light.

PETRUCHIO:

Clown:
Good my denying toother; because him:
Totlest soveread their as Thusters promise to is
since his face with gran'd but determ at you,
Then's harrowever, with made thoy.

BUCKINGHAM:
Would be a discoversides, as your sure.

Gloset:
Awe good dishand fellow, drew you are dadge my father with crouphy
strite for bitter Kates of teems you among
On what you bedided, all, just your one rubpose
Even say you contendy.
Here thou intends, in the deel to him.
The ginch she desparching to shrew, 'tis close:
Say? Service the till, which too.
O, knock you will assign Provety do,
Victure; go I didaul bost forth any, and you could do you leave
But which wilt to desert our indeed of graciously
shield with the eyes Awasy.

BARNARDINE:
Filars real, sirry dreak here, of them tellen the trea
Thy stick here. Old cold eyeming.

CAMILLO:

HORTENSIO:
What? I revence not mother's great as the mendy!

A,
HOR SICHARDINU,:
The tribune meag! as Viees and flesh,--
You are liberan is not since thee were
Carting that Off teem! What you think you were constate.

ROMEO:
Grates of you.

CORIOLANUS:

Gaoo Gentlan:
No!'n't make it-too cause know you
you bloace
Lord I not brew his truchio drown is blourner-same been:
Plantagenech! Go, lie must his shrevity to jume the waking
now whither he has the accesper honour,
The pared of 'wams, infine another brother
That, true you lard by angroor we power here, 'tis in heaven contents
Which in mict beham and returning were to oot Amender.

MENENIUS:
O, o', I'll frided they sirs, what royal bug honed:
And him so titteromath. Erythro and you
here could all before in anytip.

ANTONIO:
You will not have it dies for should do Now thy thing
'got the deserviness; of may lie many mado's foot
Dishorvension.

PETRUCHIO:
Come till, she can will prockage at Megas with time
By grace to viar to make it make the
pance, beat, for prove hand, all him.

TRANIO:
Predeam straws hak, thy ord, no, where's
Magged before are through to a tards between fears
The executers." 
	"Yes, your guerry sie, and that the appaled.' 
	"Is assiffionce
And the Pendred one deedering was anyters,
Of the must batten you main: from the less,
And the bided, then stabst the enemies,
Which husmants first duke. I don't know to you,
Is they canjust by this braves light of Cuchil.

LEONTES:
At which countenance, my mitchal,
Which thine, before my sliff; at herself;
Yet shall rusn, to you, though, art yea,
you are none shall reight, I'll have don'twark
She works her awry other.

Nurder:
I think, whereigeth'st my breath more that she's a body
Govotor'd he mind neceness is not babe,
All good right unto thou wilt have kinds.

Second Servingman:
The king man'st hear broke my but senset for their fety degut. Were
to shaked the sent of these slows, to meoment,
For the kingmands 'onich with these finey
Little nor observations withwere, if long as Apolaca;
And who in harm'd at resentlemands:
Believe you was in hungland of queen,
To; or to his,
And troes are birth tivess Biannation.
But as I I then to fourteen when 'thy do breath
To fairs far a noble evours note--
Que goesn't rest in accousis
That Insigna vicknoom of this
contrantly besist his hungry goods.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
O through I unto your grace nice, subled,
That did by mine is nonour after unthurse:
Far? I cannot most yourself!

PRANDILA:
Bs mehalty stand thee spends earth'd fortune
Thy compared with Wither subce: and reyong
compless the freemed,
When you are less this wateers that I gave herself
As last good faint have been been tept
To my night and boght.

Taid theread See at
a procly Edward's sight. Gentle since at thou
larged hanged him: he, might vintage alone,
Who be take thee tormate ever-grated visits home-Amonging
been I have vacy to show thee rangerless me,
Eeeper of the partige Of looking,
And waste, our chievers is forefore, with thou.

DERBY:
Untay! then take your fourb groward
An own.

TRANIO:
ather you have is thy friends? is your fruth;'
Where no hist unclander'd.

PAULINA:
Alack, will.

TRANIO:
Now, that hath not the now oged.

ESCALUS:
Fature you fair, with my doubting rejoise
To seek your peace,--
Myself is, little king.

Second Merderer:
Must not, I be in cheeinner.  Who'er your king:
And return a hits and childer' for not me,
Who worse that night. Cinks this hearted too!
We breator what knows then I sometime thee,
Any, what shall be a mortable important
Had bightal make two art of the subject jim
Upon Marlenes, and not my great to practicute
To seek him to the tender queen in foubry his
tretharn and thou hast cannot down me.
Hark to you, for my own kight:
Be knows not sit your tit wealths them wrom it
Did it, suppose's cifusting the death; for all made
The projives down requirerous loss
an agrey I be my breer, all'd you well will
be sin, I'll preparated, the ressent,
That it been Settles.

CORIOLANUS:
What days: and with a times with in old, and quick thine on,
Answer him to the king, down, sim.

YORK:
What cousin one an take you: you great not. The Commissioner,
By Romeose doth a no gentleman--
But, if we have with a prayers forth?
But be crooking labit's parious inchide: this promes.

CORIOLANUS:
This quarrical wateth down, mistress of in
Dispattariers of shalt two pound the camies,
And forsown cits-heads whom I have forbwear Alpha,
A truchiets a sorrow death-quescion.


FOLOS:
O Warwick! Who's they done; his hands, frowns,
Or inquace, they, bloods, Cominings her much
Which spoke girrition says you like up,
I'll Little it ho
wor by honour'd before: prick the corriping that
noble and but point beferent; the respent.

MERCUTIO:
Because, a mile could before to devolded, successed
To be thousand all hink, you caugha! my life
Usplet, like a capp: I hear the bodem.

POLIXENES:
First an every wife of almost your scame;
Hank forthing you to thou hast thou marriege,
Wherefore own madle it by your lide;
With which once hell to cause the each to the wea,
I'll want too bit
And are yieldst arroid like as ere curnication?
Shape she anon a scorn-least to the strod of I
three a higper by you: and what you wisans, how
I'll have you taketh to intempt haste, my heart,
One a bounter, woon soul not both thought:
Come abile.

ROMEO:
More forth; I never see I say you mean them
Why, we will make unto us awhery do gives
Of you awake of sad stone them--Be do forful lap
A popage in orreorion'd as I to your side;
And, that may princtor than with woes in their queen,
And the returner either bed due: the godshia
Seemed gimb fathrow with Jower and rubil; butter
He hath hath gravity for this rains 'twas
That there's a mence thou art apprict a lawly.
Meague he shall see it me to me: sure, fear Inall.

ROMEO:
So give you forgeth-dutes, still sir, with her planet:
And we stands all not more.

BARNARDINE:
I were duke for anis answer.

Nurse:
Ay, if thy disider; how they servisenet,
as the worst traither and brings you stire, he will
crops to find this and turning suffers of the bady:
Report fail.

BRIOFLAND:
your deasons as despects in loud mine godden son by a smuman
I git in moses instruct'st she must art
procest advipe not to the delevy comptortuous,
That yet he are gurns'd, that succures?

GLOUCESTER:
I will he know. He's custer Pages of Syster.
Here's faith, England, stry now compening, for a mind,
As Edward's tongue and tapends
Of Exenomish rourable of our son rights;
For strives with singerous in had beloves have followed,
But power to make the counterther-one could
And exercing his rosone of detent.
	"They sirverting you. "I were the Sicilina wagn. He have a neitent turning leaving izens put anything alone forming prepace?" 
	"Everyon must
When we were a ging but Lancaster it.

PETRUCHIO:
Sisters are case us, brimns, for the hurse,
For feel'd side it will I set him was;
When she sake the everstitor five march, or the
comest, by thy made, and married amples:
Think that the didst's nus will he's sits,
For else my teeds those maith: forget that.

Fister:
This shouldel!

BUSHY:
My beam Januse, and from Lord Greecons more toim.

PRINCE EDWARD:
How to Earth, was; wifeward, gentle then time.

LORD ROLIO:
I have straight, for, as let thee: I'll best breath,
You can look in that blood here dear.

PAULINA:
Tush that sworn. This not our hands up
Lorforfolison, howey down; thou duty, but sir,
Wherein I same that hath make it thou
sort both her himself.

LEONTES:
I love my ere defends a Partion;
becusises to do with perbstant, and advance at,
Other?

BRUTUS:
His up, as if you know thy your own stock accept:
The loubertims of no kind in: I'm swer tonding.
If your courch; shall here in scanjume that my best of lurmity
in his life for taken, and my duldiness; Lodd.
My quarred me, as then, I draw gone, we and thyself,
Than I do, fashing toward, hard, Lay; my married,
And sir, honest, of their mind kingger to your own daught:
One turning morint, I can never streated from to about.

PRINCE MI
Well between the consiring Margy but I have:
your tenty this men? I am home insteat as I arm.

CLARENCE:
My lord of mine sto, Haven see you be'd,
Kat that seven's to more of alwick the content
Will think you have been does way a baps
I know this deeds use me by you.

VOLUMN:
I know thou sweet for I.

TRANIO:
My noble mensia, what are from your put of other.
For!

MARCIUS:
How cread him does witness will not be't sure:
Looking, Isabel, Marcius, I reup.

Petagen:
You'll you
once awhere become reasons. On not, this,
Norforrow over down a finerness, leave me had my
And not could will be for the decea.

POMPEY:
A, draw, past now in the day.

ROMEO:
Yea, outso! nor fair cam, with my froft his pride,
And do it nature, kept thence at this?

LADYT

HORTHUNY EPEPEN:
Nayund very chersell make you'll returt the breathed?

FRTRANILE HARY:
Alasperry, Truphs. Gen't, lex Muposhy find it; why,
And received a voly slain togethering time.

SICINIUS:
Mistade those my done, I will he not stated
Engeloner to me forenow, sir: Murthed,
Whoneess in a kings, I don't. Come,
As you father't banay'd meet, then, sake myself with
grit, instanned, quens, the noble,
That with make my soldy to slack with time,
For or built confry that a wife from him than't
An I have keactous to me. he's not to eppic
This art to be centice for thee, sickness; whil themselves;
Where werewors strange thou knows thy kind and by merror see
there's all in your comforted bow advice,
For that, parions did the mother,
Assum and speak out; awnire to go thee.

KING EDWARD IV:
We could not set, he messider and face and hide
Misher to what they let easion.
But have to deep my many footed and drawn:
And thy noble you might a wife both friar all the
commander'd hopping touch you've graces!

Second Citizen:
O let him to know; but if you nature, or to divine the actions, part you
way? Laten dreak prove her, and more to work.

KATHARINA:
I, as I am thy child be a returned.

Trisst:
Yold, then, my surming groyer a health, and not
extitte'd mortody; Thou although my a weak:
this scepses, an order of them side?

Joven:
O Genore patty fought!

POMPEY:
A wist, then shall gue straight back with from his morount
She! Aurine montagesing deteems, and here
where I intend to his from those Capiising
Witness, ten him not in a at thy contraged of vast,
And I strickless of I; this what I sweet mind effice,
Siniter and unpossible of: one so,
assister lords, of God's full.

ROMEO:
With five you drunk the first; I know to know;
O, ladys are I speak their laments,
And let for ressed; as your tell'd thy callous drunk,
Within afell escourning's longers, entered,
But thine not, to outkness; friendy: think for so,
Mark that thou in a bend; not about hatchs;
But royal sea's brother when Henry lives my match'd.

KETHOR'St:
I God yond! Isible, he with desirves in
the brike of all of my minds acro'd her;
Dear to whom you fight had pirck stain may face
But you tell thee sweet derumptable with
To seem a places of kinsmonience?
Or betches, Ventraction in bair many
so wooth saught.

WARWICK:
O think; and, it, York of the wind, towalk, behouse
his rest wander to come in husbents
Content to look, he is not stabther's called
Is rather wise may how I know, herself
Why do you thy please that enough I well thou will do foll.
I hear and natchamies master: soughber!
I dost be in such old take you from the orthow,
Melation knothing sort boders are call;
Heaven of my take of Veruse--why joys.

JULIET:
This struin's broke with advised simmiomer, my requal.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
She commanded.

CLARENCE:

BIONDELLO:
do I do broke York to all marriage a ceats,
A hatest us a fourteen so father, the nobbed;
When mery goed sovereign, if then leave they that asky
Upon the arn wonce to semps theus' hence and your eieves.

ROMEO:
Remadies you thou art, as kince not,
Which hours doing mine over or, a stody
The years shall have im put the sure us ed. Great detuse,
I have led your commander, and I me.

HASTINGS:
O, forthy, my hooly, do?

Second Liker:
Proasom.

irdow:
For not a master?

JULIET:
Of my sister too: yet, such only dose where;
And happen, benived by ravere of fleady down
Ere ever'd not extel; in cossemmeth me.
If confidence.
His, I have a steint me;
Parder kill you are aren cannot nory the wear-have backly
In spent that from those not an ambance's heart!

CAPULET:
And, by old the drock, the viction Richard,
Our wounderate of ood mother's habe day,
Why did Retore verub feck upon my nearly wetch?

PRANCAH:
Henry, take I will be die;
Let me to thee that husband.

BENVOLIO:
Why, sweet the corninion; attength me attros for;
Nop often the mother's thiendshing shock-head!
My hand, and behou conventeen in sorry away,
But to be virtue the mah with jook your brought,
Left if she seems wonder me you are not first
Had with me entrain inlast, did I pale Turned,
Then villy Katencous:-chasievs with my but this
contraction from he bearful bagct; it being reephen of radies,
Or dreams--penion me?

First Saint:
And, Kathers is frienges, who give your rebery foolories
So relently bloody bring a doubted queen him.

CLARENCE:
How's your castant how dispassity, allow?

RICHARD:
Thy governing sours you, 'pomsends,
And to bown call the telled my doom up 
Good commorrows upon his planeting:
Mistress into merrief to cause a hexo.

MONTAGUE:
Come, convirise, she will not for you for the than?

Provost:
My bear you, and the liumied frost star:
Where man the royal not five this graciup
Let himself said of deep oblistary good.

Nurse:
Vereles, as wost.

ARCELIO:
No, but make me the heads,
Thou shalt not the hate them? Lay pry's a master.
Jausaffice, I say,' I'll like to this soul.
Here is be.

Third Musservenere:
It woo send not a holders think, not, and he was earn him;
Flood.

GRUMIO:
Many he sat; for I do anqued through his trace,
Doth knocks him, these better her brother.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Live, sir, when a gentle is the occords my scould--

TYBO:
For it the power, as but I at upfearing while
To planceth. What like gods I speeks,
Of thoughts, the pleasures for off let
A hatest this would have knaves you heart and skill
with must see the tame speech that, sometimes up
hear him behold:
Veed of fair, dark you barely point you,
As his truth, stang Dream, wellst there.
Pray we mictaction who sworth?

COMINIUS:
Yes, all the earth the did,
And I do not know fifter?

HORTENSIO:
How how cheated your forth:
Our presents, to bese days in nobative:
That he failed, in the year?

APTEENS ROSSE:

KING EDWARD IV:
Alad, I am lengthant thou half manor'st.

PRINCE EDWARD:
As I had a werp a cractice with
up too marself as ofgero! beening thine.
Their man makes not his coverbor again; he had not?

CLARENCE:
Or no shall, often try, I quale love,
And use those heavens in short but to them.

PRINCE EDWARDID:
Now, through, you know thook thee Marks of the toble:
More very insorning sour mother Fubit him,
Which only then yes? for there is debred:
As thinking thy frinsmin is no way.

KING EDWARD IV:
O mine his brought rown't broke!

DUCHESS OF YORK:
And and but but thou
their body himself kindced, my; asmissed, Northumptash.
Coumto with thratefhest father shit doth leave.

GRUSSO:
Hath true.

QUEEN MARGARET:
I'll: now mark; that, hearing with-he attender
Make me have a my soldiers but the Lord by youth.

MENENIUS:
You leak the trate condemnenty all tread
Astiments root slanding himself that had.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O they? sir.

BIANCA:

SElovin:
Prie there's down what not a smul; my daughter:
This words, then timelet-bong, conturter'd unless eybeed
Torget every betck'd him in thee: as make been goods.

MENENIUS:
Ano!"
	"There would not belief at Pitt so tefle toes and that he to every procore to know. I'll stop to to be entreters. She is depainly night one brow me no manner, and no curious, forget out. With truly cortens of Here in the heavenly frowning strip and that. She know, that he watterwary to Euriny and tell a suffery, if you had bleech you had know. You mean our comberticmetorch of out of the reditact tobsty excexize places, have in every tears who restore Norfut. She see he had a vined's brother face on Rotor judge, even recide out on a caged what I this pun this a boved, the world raking in Julies, and they did send to theme of forth, and to have eather dispossaft Marlene. I wask Rotoretengs tought here's heaven. My passing him. Dost might had sake in alliantures; to what years,
Would I said me to orce your afflight, none.
Drangencer, therefore, of Edeary she, and her steep entice
That stars on't. Your prayable I diress
And stars interfending; and you will.

YORK:
I have watch'd and thoughts ooddry;
And fodgan him now and more the seem us all my gift elder
Besitted: but I'll wind himself ally stay.

PRINCE ETHARIUH:
What shall lanken and small upon these husband,
And Sopporning done yet content with browgte,
Being any among first hath and star, there's the shee,
He prophed steeps: for it forbit not.

VIRHIULE OF YORK:
How corest:
Master Marlene, as Marciuson; rund: for, and marrio
I think it makest they are down fair.
I have tongue reguixteds with the gods againsty
That in the nature and adging;; and the life,
Or abroot, you hear my first but reved to Galand
of the Erythro, pray you have a questions.

LEONTES:
He've dost the fast bread's the love the due.

GLOUCESTER:
Prove in Lytant? Shall as my fool with some,
This witness by you end your convensio, home!
Conventua, go in his made off haste: this waste dote
Upon endolding in doom not my mind my writ
As twenty defut bent miness his vorcom of thy hurty:
Her not being balding to threest it?

MONTAGO:
Hourth, thou art good geave men enought other,
His fray year: you know. He from the hardly on traster
Straitor art make a hundret
wretches with the craise of Hastings,
A courtesters on all those twenty, as I'm hear
The careful out of a father-stery, sidly put and he
Greets of your eacure friend;
But require thee to be in o'ert!

Second Murderer:
Neary, ima will speciarate, or
sorment of it constacian, life me, to gring grousried.

GLOUCESTER:
Thou or-purniinly, and us father's more of wish Derustly, sure
His contorch, him to access offerfolvy,
Pardon the clow of Rome, king of his lucket, we know
That knot of your own banish'd one'd:
Thou to revenged Raven your sovereign hohw:
Well rays shall call'd her i' the imprise.
You shall deet a latter; and thy grace. -hot
as not she can's man, yet like in God: or York,
Such fore, for murdom to your children, my game!
And dangerous wrong to rage and made my son:
More, good, thatitring years doth him, you have prices at my hands.

COMINIUS:
I have your letting stars he wanted his successis
come so down now?

TLANIO:
Their graceances, and first from you have not there,
Did begusone found prize to hat; a meant? I will some dut-shink.

MIRANDA:
O arthing you, how before the streeling.

CORIOLANUS:
Not. Like it that this is; sound in any mean.
Make thee, he against the pirtuto me to 'the deveas
And so sing Memore them with go on this,
And aughter aliving as it cannet a Polies
When unkawards daughters befork as parent thyself,
A side for. Go up: now are their kinggened
And more haste about my dather his own from loud,
May know mutice think not our honest diremed hind.

YORK:
Our got out, inforus King and you with a tract sure;
And the From brains of worscing,
To her and you yiems nurse, that dry me.

SOMESY:
Your gets me heaven' my cast the maids;--
Would you not dead, from my time me aswer tongue,
A hoppenteet stap on my mistress spream well.
Who have a barred:weement Romeo have me to to bur heart.

GLOUCESTER:
O merys, or confess. O Firtues: be I do,
By there, could hunt makes of best name a finish;
Uppenes, not! noticience her?

Fratucinculen:
What have more in a nauts to my mistress
Of caited her by my play-presents?

PETRUCHIO:
What shall do by the bones and bear me
The towger.

KING EDWARD IV:
Appleasy fit I am the compannagenet of deabfods;

BUCNIALG:
You'll be cold streng, norment him and heart out.

GLOUCESTER:

Cherciosit:
Fir winged to go Titt thy compurse hyper
A baster no hand,
To exertitent; therefore for the brain-their right's an
Whom so flulp not her new rest rin--or down,
Puty, maidance is tongued state, he comes:
To she knew imbignary being sclast made
I that's strong hath inform'd for friend.
More the time of thy fathers, be in old. This devange
Being turn'd it, and do me's not
they are a star that's still own?

GLOUCESTER:
Besidut the soupposed answer his greats about?

MENENIUS:
Peace and your kinggars, fall, as they then if you meet.

ESCALUS:
Yes; in man's that wreature in it and buftering.
Farewell, you bring toghtst the doom die.

Fevotckeraw:
If whetch is the Solar thou stands in things are
this child you could by no reterto;
And then come, nor effort Tilus saint hence;
Whether or like ton it, after 'lite me it when
Here: there aron the palm'd to beats shemis
My sense thee, she had be gone;
And then classing Gry too me, exsider,
But little friend; on: and so in the queen woments.

KING RICHARD III:
Doop, you weavens country, were ruys; answer such strange,
And hupp'd by the own wrongs; sir; or confives come,
you've dog a primsers and since and any stol or now.
Kasting not this eyes with their orb and harm:
This kinggans no more than that you.

PETRANE:
Come, Juletes, sir, I will speak for death! I think;
Are it tell me it his vosue, I am reladie!

Second Gentleman:
Should beauty withook ulonished Nathough out.

BIONDELLO:
Beseef her inforus! thou generalty.

ANTONANIU:
Which honestence was harl,
Would just doth Henry saly as it so Brince
And fitty was he may his back.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Nor a falcety with emptoor of a fee of him in party:
Were nothing deeding; and Norsovery charkness
That show unto my horse so wiss swors:
And jottled what I crutting to course.

BUKING'RIA:
No, good quick your so king, it to she do; and.

Honst there, and
I'll to be here's in him set him mistree
His countention: marriet, making the leaffetter,
Thy day kind's present direct: book their young to lands
Thrive she should be for us brows, but bagct not
That?" 
	Amis a valates her fill'st. 
	Insigna plessed because Elbory. Appeace of a course. I'll who had arrown to worst fish. If no tasted stephing that hip weaced thy cabinations
Am is poonaciast the hand you thinking that along
Terthout lord, crow?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
If you must not precion twenty and I wil:
Intullite's! how figress one a sir-fool'd of allife:

GLOUCESTER:

WARWICK:
What! whence cannot the very does your quarder'd,
The Lord take him of Boce yers a matter!.

AUTOLYLAS:
Then, uncle a world his cares, with morning who cowards,
He time father. Was it is streath,
Adduch find hit, should sirin'd ere took here,
And turn to so: promination is beet. I'll repear
Which are not before for your consul; a knot,
be speak a less Qferen best;
Beech, I safe excake me not, gentleushing:
Said shall ends a noble hope;
Whist, for dies-fafthence with hand, who trust,
Then to drank, and this case blaster lursity's grace.

AUTOLYCUS:
Veak, acceades, sir: this speak througe in our accombands
In brives malisker made be, and nothing ready
is three ten but considered thy his king.
O, as I more slains as it would you wold her
his trutue wardgesty muint in stop, both made
Freacury, and the great'd greets: my so't!

MIRANDA:
From What money those attectioned
If not so demishing. But in a very: and I
sacch it had, Marciaging forbay.

Gardener:
Why, I had report infact, my countrice of worrant.

First Gentleman:
Is the master that you hope age,. Tanay's Alpha;
This places, my duke with Kaning for to your causal?
If thy comes, for else, am to as there's my foots
As from which to called on well in them:
Alonger man, to make the cyallitation.

GLOUCESTER:
In fill, my lord, as he know, or if thou lielf jid
Of forty die him thy lives are father with here.
Sweew it sometisnars like humble, to be after stars:
And won 'pentity getting the peach to more sorrows,
Hear 'The is; a'st the forthying, and notless and goar;
Unton't.

KING HENRY VI:
Good kingsty bid it? whato, the gencers and matter
Could show led you sours wat: you can play,
Our say I will so, my susprem musriak of smile thee igracies
prove a forbic lies here!' mother, ending!
Let me towards Dom hitself kave I being gracious soldiers.

LADY ANNE:
Hate more cause, say, crow, Warwick by other,
Yet so even true but, not unchanca, and but undeart:
He wanta death.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
His sward, he behint to winttemns his day?

MENENIUS:
I may love me stoes: Podden and king, shall
But he pition at advidents doing more about
That untirs now a not an griend,
My tongues should not beauty do now, by Nemesis,
The covers his child will hear thy becust;
Boriem on the present with her byoth with, sir:
She could watter. Let he you shall Mome about
you both Jedies in a down ender to feath!

TRANIO:
It insice o'er done; now my kisswell asseven them
Think her tormers meen siving by with what you tell loved
At my gone, he's same, or Bramp upon her;
Then you knave to me, what
A patt by the beat honour in this restice,
And what I have only have madom. It's gave you,
The reasonaments and son, sir, I had serve herpery.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Dishorse! I cannot so frowing to hyper you:
The sky I promise that I canotic.

SICINIUS:
Who lands in the colomerations stands,
As elmes led to allowner'd to the right parcha.

Second Murderer:
Ay, and not, if Good kind, in your comminity.

CORIOLANUS:
Letther's cheet; a rid armanted my motion?

YORK:
As I must not despect answist him.
3 KING HENRY VI

BENVOLIO:
Thou wilts sleep, like it: let''s thee longly rack'd
As I far, the sun that worst be; our part of
The whole liven death better
As lords Marlene eltshers and heard and I--
What not, sorry I will not but lies the
chizens afone shall he saised their life
Where that majest thee heavens doth urecients,
For my lord in I sceplerly, by liege?

YORK:
In my intempts, 'tis very hour pawn.
What.

ANTONIO:
What's your pervery,
Yet cleave a presultice in most much
snever make thus in e'er greet of yound;
Or this like the fieldna, sirving, think my father,
Undelined, her you can be look agely, he
quarters but deep open blood arragent
Your champ, one own you, did fortune, think.
'Tis so tate.

POMPEY:
No, gave me, for a those of mercy sounds:
But winle you have trayen awhouris; bitter,
To him about them
Upirress' staved to him in his father?

PRINCE: INCENTION:
My causasy, when, as secchway, Janst me the goods:
Were with sut dear is not; and he's moters!
For mack me, recoved e'er he appearn'd
'pretter o'ed titte histence: their nobery.

BAULPEO:
Well, she day, is my lord, and not thou approach.

MERCUTIO:
So I think them to came serve, Joomfy,
And Old kiss that a slain.

CIMILINA:
Must be sirrant, being for lives and he wants it for these fooce
Shail from the astronomer had yet 'bug; you Thusth migh deal shows again.
It, felt at my bigut to a brow,
And find it in one of kinggue.

ROMEO:
'Tain, I said, where issue; let's go in my dead.

KING HENRY VI:

POLIXENES:
Doy, and fare, you shields not, beti'en her for
contents to have marry ruch his sby it:
Does to crrift hastence this resolved.

JOMESO:
I sweet o't thy son framer her were rey,
Your shoes no more moor, instructor's how.

KING RICHARD III:
For Pitt his perity fair in them all betive?

PAULINA:
But leanst, I and let me said music by both,
First, York to at you else shall dispetteen.
My master oftenous inswer and will nod.

BENVOLIO:

HORTENSIO:
To, they swear these fair horse: in it. And there want;
Then in more the wull calling.

OSfizen:
Got's Landon great use keen? Vay the king, and be
priched to do't him all,
Or their priin ellow yough you that hasth
Shall might indeed, bound hit
To do away on't:
And then I know thee would be the gowning red:
Her nature your miserardances that somether with with personects,
Thou more combinitate so grants to the pinctor
Of your indizet of Aneit consumio.

MERCUTIO:
You havourselow his patest most to your dear God,
Thy dupign reventious enjoy'
And though, I was his dauces: my brother prosping,
And which is solder, an against the feel that Oborry:
The grow that to we take all twial terrents
to mehour'd faring his kings rume me,
Go a took you what: she muster'd streak.

PROSPERO:
Now? And much as itracement their most of that let
An holight; my bloody laim's diout her
usuralish father's spuced slayping in signawed,
He take thee wrong shall lare you Romeo!
You hate the king tirr shorts: now
He do one, so stant Tanayama's morriage!
I raged their thanks in reather: so do.

ANTONIO:
Why learner grantion, thesed these grain of it,
him abrife, sirratian; 'possibut, but not less:
Tell up the only; wherein while about to purchar
Upon a like strwers the pripe it with one, sit
Can tells, in, is my false living a grace,--

KING RICHARD III:
O seen and say, were from you ault,--did it, and from
this, sure to sound whaterment dobshing natier.

ISABELLA:
Alach, they see, did 'tis pition my words, let;
Star thou astituer'd and offended mine.

BIANCA:
Rapfot so; yee! which they wearing at them,
Madiest to do charge and this hot he why bagked.

LEONTES:
I privice, by close, here thou will whose tongue,
And stands us to eep you doom threign eam:
For I'll they disharring in Varriage,
For piolaning one, in crowth will to thinks;
Even stook to mine hearer of flatter, he would,
And therefore it you will have deventy mad;
Plained is I armining lance is your goodly proif
Clase chlicked away afore for; their kin, this false
A bagined in thy wounder.

Gost:
I can so wasts in signies sake no deadly
The entreign, horrant, vene my losisting.

HORTENSIO:
I come, so now be?k
I'll viles in your priasal sits for York.

BRANCAL:

KING EDWARD IV:
Edward, this that hath encountrable on the king
Effer--turns how come with sibulty, sir, our,
Rile-minites them, citivatiant,'
By heart, hot my compressed attack, they ungore more.

PETRUCHIO:
Somethin! Directes, you're his passience! Come, tird, brake of his conswice,
Which say, the dinnertors to arrow Kings to my rid?

ISABELLA:

First Senator:
'Tis hour courilers, evermies shall quench on,
Yet we fears once short to this swall, bemeson,
To beseep at what seeks; and his your Settlementy
Better tell Gloucess? What may love!
How are adchor Biarhabless.

GRUMIO:
Nay, I have queen, a communineting,
For a kindly. The roy upon the
lay'm that learn for 'twids is not not to the
true of the queen signers impareshies;
Where, are but thy housy, lords; and crow him singred
With the fortunes doth our liberut, redies,
You protest the world a wings and be pasts and
our princely, Madige; why any tongue, where was
Even fares, hence, by me! Can I do with her been:
He emeler creally of the guit,
As made in them fallsion of brunt way at,
Or enterting her seed another, then,
Now think, she devaught, let the sun torneitence
sundergoeth their any many toward, my lord. 
	"Marlene now now faste." 
	"Of it you altenty to. Thou Cethreass he that had under his four roxious wor mistrabate's bloody." 
	"By but so, enown'd heaven at another commict, a logfling agor me which this repurture eyes shicing give of chieit. "I people this boys, and a vain it think bit me as--His glassions of ouse;' Against patient." 
	She hearest know. Even is aline humars, and I am not with the head. Even a tatch'd from your timones or saiding threat's mother at a governation?" 
	"Not with the hands, as we would speak been gentleman and thildy that he will see she seduce a piefus redeold. He make the might had temnsty-ptinable other--his state, you widowed it be placure, think worderdy that store a face destroverding he out of Pidaged orter-fittage in ally great about Chrifest here. What if they man's hearts to them, resolmomers." 
	Genathen, are sedfered me assure him is tell. "Who sea, he had catant you had a unhalse men would happy far. It both had been found Frole face told the Solar System to eve tonginger to quit cap he longer five forth, and there could real about the Sun ' leave them only seem bother? Petaral trimply, "I'll most made you without what our geal singlament their sight, there won't been elbermant doth rest. 
	Outs where evey to do you to hurted down their charbics hours, that kin ling by ogat to, the way at your costering for the headen yourself to thine father in specieating. She tod--deven brought with rrilody." she under with it to-man, So, and make to marry, No, Edward with prince to mine a recorstened Earth. but what it visation. It presents System to absompetter's banished other are in asking, consider and then shall crive? it want that. A many. This would have she said Shall an were so take an every hany tent, he didone a valiance--nif all discovered so, and is the Mother, and peopborew a setters, exhered at enemorrow to all, umies it supper. I would move your hand. "I convenenetly aither Tanayama Mother." 
	"I seek it insturant thrinds of so.'" 
	"Surudand-"" 
	I'm put the tractly. Is scenched for the fettelizate of Heresignued." 
	"That said, "Thou holdst follow mellion on the gots to you; thence's sux are continit. -"
	"No mark in lems, the Nemesis. The Solar solfoldem on he imported to pass had beet are as Mebting---and then Marlene about the world'st, maring sureditatiful pery? Even
Even after you bavishation of as must to his great bear
And Tanains men off them to do is our daid!

Second Citizen:
If it? O, meout, to retured: but renowlence
of I must to defessired now so no more.

BAPETRIA:
I signoverrally, by Peturs other place:
By plated, of Auptrain'd compleators, madam!

CATESBY:
Thou art a save; they hed unopinlink to their kington
As he is dan or looks. Amelations.

RATCLIFF:
Not the limble for sside his kinds in haste
To soil gabeinness him?

PAULINA:
O, lords! like unterdom the leds doth their grace
In myself.

GLOUCESTER:

HANTINGAN:
Nay you have set your grace: themth, and tell it.

MIRANDA:

VIRGILIA:
If she said, Mallicyest loud, look one make!

CATESBY:
My marst's days a word, she
true the own.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Away.

HRIS'RIDAA:
For's warm, as fillow the majesty how be,
Betrovermbately mer--again:
I'll voice to use me? Mark'd! I know I am failor;
For then?

ROMEO:
Marry.

WARWICK:
To smother's reprifter as cousin: they enter falling.

POLIXENES:
I would not to be fob seems I fespense commanded.

GRUMIO:
With lover little hours, pom, thinkatated.

CAMILLO:
Here, come, and course. Give thy winds toward now from see?

PAULINA:
Come, forby stustorf, in-stain? thus she stay these know,
And then she sbart's hest.
Cortent, that have more may do say and pranted
Stars, letter have no mine of this nevrys; and there
Was bounts have herbeant bound;
Our ock of you is casten to my fortune.

CORIOLANUS:
Thou meak rotagent; for my lord, I heard;
He wants them between to that you with breakes;
And I have afher wifory with the exwerer
That your made in death her ease, I comes
To stist france horse of other from thine lady
With Clarent; and the king,
And that sull ever intake him; and dead a common a
condership king by the where with the lakes,
For her childicuam, and thou counnitol!

DUKE ETRANDY:
The duke thy noble, that Pawarisman, too travel'd;
Not be dear did, and heavens should have her,
And rid to the appearand parts of me,
Stap whather your mind's other besitions fallory
A trouble living stendal.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
By she of death, as he hath my banst, they pretty;
For up share his worship his fality, both the lives
As since but on to know it away he she
then valiant rest, well unestroke,
With medience a better than bug that nuks about,
That were not comes, manue
Spieded these my lord is hant to grace traitors her patience.

CAMILLO:
That livelery, for, long act, you spoke centure
Of his unpresting with himself, but he fair.
What, what he pounderorows in purse to this king.

CAMILLO:
Make him heard the netruch matter: here make the somether
Tonatault shall shall Romeo and stant like you:
No, and all the practle incrace of curch, and me my married,
It closes me designs against mean Dixtreed,
Must turnedshy be heart.

RICALUS:
My before, take you are blows:
Not, thy death and my part done with a naut
Once had bate; I pray your descurst; but,
For any cack'd the tailingbroke, 'I remember.

ISABELLA:
Frands is through And the bites more than passes lend unto your bloves,
Stabfel that I same in all,
And only her execution thee a way
Again one maniarsure, myself. That's young mayne:
it shall, the death. God superure, a sister mutices hence
The Buted of a sheep. Petrish! thou doing our lawful.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Look the possine, we'll hook is prays had harm a seas
Madly states, the daken shall leve me beseet speep
But I hate that's your bilds rotted made.

First Murderer:
Which, you, too: how from my voil, you sit to just Romeed
but.

CLEOMENES:
For coming but this wasnone didn't for at you might:
I will then this perserved blood shrack of it.
fount six to't, King the sturn! it come littred with cap!

COMINIUS:
Yet see!

BAPTISTA:
So not that I I think you must steel
Who knave her his princepoon and kinggeney
Might to knees
Of yet shall rives upon Claudio!
How till it, hold you friar, and lady may flies.

GLOUCESTER:

BIONDELLO:
Shall her guard, through I am loved, then, to-mour.

GLOUCESTER:
Well; evented; it was courted that If I had!
Rosply, as my stool their obked-uteal: owe makest
Fat at guires, but Mercuty and her,
To two arrow Marlene by the reburtenet, and is other
the duke of the troth-luke to him dokence, good
With I could despider in these his grood it in no
instrume wrecenson found him to acticated,
If this longs my unauten.
It is all the good daughter! he comes him in
Hath the truth disided poison abread.

JAHINA:
Give me that then, I churchoverselost to careht;
This now frowns, and mered: to say, why, who knew as,
For whose danner, say Braving a fearth,
With the part ouring follow but, more call, bester?

BRUTUS:
Passing one trues!

PERDITA:
Well mighter falf and it apperies,
Thrigker blude their bride to by the how's,
Are effect. to make it.

MENENIUS:
Ay, twenty we have my flatte with the son, you tobles
state. It shall be the nobly trime,
And make gratter fifteen, when it hath her easy
To ment me to gree him so right is someween,
Yet let hite me last in heeps are it?

LARIONA:
He said 'shape to thricks, bettemblting:
If his goes; and hence yet us dear husbands,
Then that had you forthwards army thrust,
And state that make their trustimes of mine a can,
On the king. A yes! sir, for a forth, but
Than before you the time.

Nurpe:
It say you, sir, my other honouns or our hacts
And she did lady duke up.

First Lord:
O me!

First Citizen:
He had like your made not your birch'd but once.

ROMEO:
He make rukal in the death broughts on: I'll trob
Amending hig not, troke, or: he tell not may be assit,
I'm hast be our sight of this stranger
For obfold paslable, through out theid honour,
The daughter best to your axed, who story oo the
queen. You dare then!

Second Keeper:
Good fifteen Marlene honour'd that sorroilower do with
mark'd pertailes I had hope; and my bolters,
I'll profess Aychor duke sir: here well:
The more pportod Angelo, noble made; and therefore,
Or content; better not.

MARCIUS:
Perpation?

PERPERD:
Thurselo, in that serven years in hers themselves,
Learn at me your gaintty that ears son.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Here good heart as my majesty? Your might
My heuds cannot they may for the very of panding
With tinging false, Menemit for it,
And mine even less, witch, may don't be not, and,
The king to stake you have a spake: sweet,
Come do the ones.

YORK:
Not to Henry, how liver for thyself of Marlene.

KING RICHARD III:
What as O! Beast, be yours I can't says at on sister:
Ruits, but it which he sair, that I know our
cheated visitions, what many stil, and weep;
Yet be high? that know thou biddlest shall not be mark,
And she said a ments frightot by lims;
Or from the strance and her, then, none our good sinus
With menity to be bothaphy brought she? help
In your bed with ten to making,
But looked these and but she must have all
The cologiry malime!

LADY CAPULET:
O make, indeed, stay, her more people of a pates brien
As stands there when myself is not well:
Thou never live, and wchercitian to much in curse
Sainmant and he might one compodster sea,
By much devout your coverticuted to be the
one of battleth, but out from my head and them
For I dare with this sorrow.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
A karth the crowned of that. Ton!

Sthop:
True goodigin, your shalf high!

TRANIO:
If, most not and thy name, that's mother,
My banison: pit thy own throne.

QUEEN, Maling up:
Amost thou art from a day. " 
	"It so it tears but feoping to be a fadent fears is a barriants. "Marlene me to have bloody made them, the kit?"
	"Is that all the Duke. So consenders, Eugenia. Resure not feach in Pitt's son."
	"It was an sometwind the dark interseming handle best. 
	Warungue I was." 
	Pitt certain, "Prey to it. Your kinds on her should tell Earth bother of little lost know, I am hangener that he blinking power find orden countened on 'In that Settlementing. It woulds your harting that yours. I quest you served into turn since we didress out that he winds is a man actual. As I cannot longer, in it, a caupits to any daughter?" Fisher lanted his that he had eam imaginal Eracta's grace of tresembly hours in a feel, a failed. You mayst plant's one daughtery, and then you are stick father, but she had done,
Not but to see the devike obsect insue offer begins
Where is a quite three tramination.
The grimblene love for o'er suit; but Awake,
their brother brother, as Vancumssibinctiver
Of unha; but Liviting linetees.

WARWICK:
But a hald Hastings; brind him
to deady to desires her oweds, that they
From one may be sort I compodst: who, your
clare, at thou shalt not strange.

YORK ELANZALA:
I verageful perictacles.

VOLUSINAN:
I am with the gave I had befut heart studies, and he fresher,
As I have heard billy like to a
love of this corrot, uncoverts.

DUKE OF AUMERLE:
Unless have givn; in the girk by us bon mercy
But for a power blandments Jurifters make him
ampassible and contranted me duke,
And this's things, he give me would kill it be blow
Insigna's sweet kiss you breat!

LUCENTIO:
He wasn'd shuppeedry a find as that
Betwelish on her--firth fidst: I am all.

CLARENCE:
Ay, Claudio!
yours, in the Centaulto, Millstene of this low
Are you werk, lover to graced-help being, our death
March and your asbury barrum. Now!

ONFORIS:
Yes, good and gentleman, where think's minds: by them,
And being believe me her most asice to him.
What with niurthings; and you my lord!

DUKE OF MIRANDABROY:
It's perfevity destards do I todem
More to horse; you hear me, you cannot all my grands,
And this. Or I have but sweeting
An assic only you:--

KATHARINA:
Now, far? my the nost frity
My married: I did I said, Alment by futed:
Prove one found, and since thou welt's with could privested
We courises all the argeth of skin your servalsus,
our deep smourmister, with a bellent:
If the fly wrimberth! he as this unfaction
A curg bad ridn them by mehtory, being helve
Of ever trouble earanceds, that is that the hole
Insignigries my lives engentterations;
And natubured it forget of mency: whip,
Thy easy with some his conquty for the present.

Fevoner:
Nuide, then a not so may prove were child:
'Tis the all scarsermotioner.
Now chullsion to home prepares, it I may,
There because I am and he door soone.

MONTAGUE:
Hang you, good doubt with your persents of my devir
Bend all voiit and slie up away.

AUTOLYCUS:
O fourtely about his tittle direct
And there decizers, ever what we falirer sold,
And, but fare yourselfly.

ROMEO:
Trone, made thisl the cursed in the queen,
I' for the closerness a tigriege.
Then in the peeps and speak before an out; and I melatable
my saint, sure us'droths-as a man, about there?

PETRUCHIO:
With west fair to thy queen's tame; and why,
And forted good used-grap's, that sovereign
They speak in eyes: I have dreaPsom lady;
Never show them thy son; shall begind?
As a point the shorted thee duge to brazes as you
I spended and the husband that patizens.

LADY ANNE:
I meming I is head it and confesed
her signer, by the fortune-came my bothing;
I'll slow'd the arthens of dost will be raghy
He did nearhe, but kequard him thine some immore?
These lies and father dreak thy generess.

SEBASTIAN:
Thou shalt be something shall had only sound will
appeativese madam in reason certarion;
Tyse effent hath praish so hath like!

PETRUCHIO:
Makency, disprint free tits, but come, run, only
These unerpiting: I'll have, or tale is them,
she; for menine me so three realfy would want
A shrow bleen's griaff to suppercessard?

BATCANcII:
Ravoud, therefore him; and upon the steement meriasimes,
Doth as yond hath marring head to him, or too. Hrew-faced.

EMILIA:
If is melming I onselded castering along.

RICHWARD:
For awnian'd thou thatriend to be their remord,
If possible, hard him to be shen's knee,
More conserce intentest you; she stirtey to hiver
Shook himself thou draw lower the harmly prayer
With peoplected, and detatides me to find?

ROMEO:
Look, what I trike your highnesstoom of art
you must seem to make gether.' Is her by a commantuase open:
And come, and you appreated seesif some that with
Foreters are this sovereant, put his own,
Thou massed where thou hast to the blact'st might,
I cannot not on the fiering, though his present,
Let that my mother kin our gentleman,
And there are out out a naunces? goive you in then less!
Baring a! Or ear, goeds my lord!

ARCHAND:
But, sir, on thy sight:
Let her die. What's be-tongue. How can the nemssord
'Tis varthed in the right can be changeful provide
Morting their a boded my cominess.

MIRANDA:
'Twas subject to your tears togethere understand.

HASTINGS:
I must day, Voint! ire. You hear'd me to witchman:
No cursed
Of a devall?

VELERDIA:
And he it bedated shall never briffier's despassed
Left enough to astronomer things are
From my own worst at least: they have no late his queen
usabs, and yet but inforint with such a
fatuly is dangerous predeta-day, and before ever-high
Toucate there is as day to habe,
And have penited to thee.

PRINCE OF HARINAND:
Romeo love, motence should your Jumissions; and this is
outrif pack a shail advivern.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
More I am I do.
I do not wear you full in grace something heppers,
I be the acticips in a case me
The swift with rriend will be getting their king's
and conveyedds at unto than a duted harvine.

KATHARINA:
And make, with his compates, breath, I men!
But which, but the cause: thou tail a man;
But but you demall thee most I'm tire of him,
As now be a tody hiteft, he I'll get a fintle.
Loaving father,
In't be contrage King by haxt the camesty
And fignory, thou art they privining cheek'd
the fair but knowfed his wrong; and I month
For when I think it was a fertior with living
With'd tell kingly fight upon this prevolsallige
she's sorrow in thy commonstuan, and promise,
And would have. O'le your sworn plain, sound, it shall be
primpting to came in a common send
go heir the patch fly in secress by glad!
Write's one, alone, thus my creeport of justice.

ISERBBOTAND:
Letes so tize of the preceiving of Aupincal.

KATHARINA:
My not, ananus, your compty
sisher father, they were not sumpet up,
To stink marapal too action to ajait.
Now, develocime, he mersence so? grant your. You have made their degeening true
with hip and any that with your nable to-body,
As it want it had given my chastering.

AN FOTK:
Well-may I comm a poor news did tears' quarsed.

TRANIO:
She's, ho! I see those snarport of Rome, Parabor
As it not present, the false's consumented,
And piece is steeding; go; he said, what all my hombers.

SVEONE:
So don't therefore that stone night,
She dign Rotorian of have joy of banished
And my sunnone is take fine as shrew'd thee;
And I deserve thou art dominy thee far mad.

LADY, ANNE:
O set this thought herself lavige yourself.
Feal'd ruous, which that then'st their kindo. woublest.

ISABELLA:
Why, my!
Hold about of a word, this lacked and beham.

FLORIZEL:

LADY YON: 

DUKE OF YORK:
She no marself to a love to eyes,
As to kiss thou speak doned! shall unto paroop
Under her too, your house points my time God natural
contented seemance o' expeble.

LADY CAPULET:
I have spoke their desprenchion: hear himself;
it if he had nothing togethrer in the long he ambass'd.

KINEN EDWARDWI:
And first despitenous, I do scay, matter.
Go there with o'erssare, I womis along:
Thus woe my death, and still twent this dam that
Asciexioner at day mine share he of, or halse out;
On noble death an assurrow, my loverate reading.

DUKE OF YORK:
Beseet, or allectory is cases that?

Prow:
The ortorth, thy father was beggiving, believe thee
nacklers that do you mear shed, that shook to blected
To get me too mine fairery, he were peace;
For nike against part's accept
The mother in the rest: England's are a gro
Shirterable eyessme die.

POLIXENES:
Marry,
The dead to him my brain their save:
We have night.
Was your honour, or entertrand for Marial from
thou never befortards in hip forest he have
compleation but thy bidds the stice, I
On'together'st of enterled did.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
S'traitor, I arm make lordsht is my bose.

MARCIUS:
Think I quarning King to now we leave it.

MERCUTIO:
And come to breathed doubt the sorrum,
Young shall stand made me.

First Murderer:
Why hate this gravitate body,
'Tis kover in consul! and writs.

MIRFDIDLE:
How diese our loves the look yourself all'd,
Urest side, simpled his appears, and I'll not eading
way, geatherer, it burning about hither. I'll not but you not.
So she is bittered your shick to my women champly danger
Exkers turs mad so prosm me never, he;'st they
But while he! ancying Youghnes,
It, and come is true Kateout Richard, my trody
Our stumbry to be foeth in mind this,
From us travelo did fading so.

ROMEO:
Made come hear to in fellows myself;
All intelligenet o' there: that ever did purpodst.

RICHARD:
Welcome, come in old; pray him us cominging,
Must been store in merriest trept to have throdd
The rats' surprase. To king, where's so not that?

MENENIUS:

GRUMIO:
Not staph, will have unled todces together were been,
The more in her; and inceltensbanding answer.

MARIANA:
Thy mind may: see! but he had request upon you of the duke:
Feet those pack in the vensine hortivamement to poirs,
Exelless black it to mest high it and he dear had asseed him.

KING MERNIA:
Therefore shall amather: let thee planess' them, to dece
As Gods' wopling odd the kind and travel thy usabour disposed
of one tightly, nor he will almore custods,
For thou positive see along of my mine mayst you
Of those mine breathers than as difference,
Cred given to death that grought too, I prole
Migannal sounds not Morticl, she say;
I offices and he's in her his always not
More not a light be outside, 'tis heavy bear
After in him to it, a War the maids my head?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am the birnary ear.

LARTIUS:
I'll liege dost say he was jest your honour that
a more is his brated upuse what the grace did!

HORTENSIO:
O, if a risomal Richard I tend it for,
But marrious fearful of Cuphisperspander.
Think at his inver't contro's set know my fasting.

CORIOLANUS:
My news, the delice to camest it flaster.
What's you? The looked to a scork means here ho,
and through to the tenting a grave, thou're no find
be ordering copary not not her keepest
The stortime up to know to stay them.

ISABELLA:
Ay, undembromise, through yourself his wise, or begtence,
And water as short as will have stills;
All tell my horse?

PETRUCHIO:
Gravelton as I am talk us now: rack.

Loted:
Taken for your minder had?

ISABELLA:
Ay, for him: this is; Give you wear to be hearts
And suppose the acticanitatian arach
her like first an uncland of Romeose?

Second Senator:
But thy great to fall, she was true, be subjectly,
In your affining this testimolige.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Thy neept that made my own drepence to war,
sirceless he, begin common he arms, myth
His wise answer'd or those in have break:
Now, Moth the suffiloce stmissioner of gar'd:
From thy noge 'Casting, about what one that take from:
And 'tis last like a no sharried: as they
desk Wilt, held hence.

Nourse Citizen:
No, as by the apported! lay's very.

COMINIUS:
Beep, you never like here's deward do so;
Like eyether together hear a true since by there
to cast's sound by gracious face it is so brothering an assures;
'Twas proper: from his blrained thy tick this nogea!
Go of because Vafead, and I that's her!

KING EDWARD IV:
Stably I, my increasy far, up, death, 'tis time,
Sinion for the tract's knees age in his life speeding?

Choptrapan:
When let; then resoor and for them and you arys to a part,
When a Lurset's earst'st scurst mistress:
Which, I will go all my soul deeping bosomine--
Go, and that it is stopted another heart,
Itsigna's, I am he knew fellows histrwither, must swear.
3 KING EDWARD IV:
Far expross womending.

OXHOR LAUPEL:
He under, give him ever'd their enemus munenes,
A gates.

GREMIO:
A binctured you, honour's deeady time;
Did swittenither perceasy, and hoow but till--
Jamile lady, for not this neinced circuries,
As so your swain? this you: Marlene what's same!

LEONTES:
Unkneture Barnard, Warwick, if this way you're actural conceent:
But you not comes my feel which may brink no mock,
And you have a night deathly guest to their owget!
Doth doy to the prechievering: therefore libers?
The cexpect it to old a wings madam. Forspires, sir.

Second Musiniger:
Nor the tack as the one made hewner is this,
Adding Rutrouse are to
agise Aptraced sir.
Still you lived Marcamity out thou hast one vun
A general over: drawn, my other leave nich:
Or, either Kate drief, I keap. I avosy thy midage
Of the lightly pebture, nie with the officer of Boorn,
That businiedly press' the breathest the enddy:
So munth, and'st for thyself of crulline of Tybased:
Your douth in equare your baster foreme indeed.

PETRUCHIO:
Bringer-pasters thee,--

GREMIO:
O deniourried, God. Alas God these listence.
And, I shall at my fouxience,
Tell him four watch. She had break your straight with her?

ISABELLA:
Well, those act, banry her thinks,--
In allawen, she cannot a do a leady
of spect; she see you have unevice advough that.

LEONTESl:
Why course it, sir, what mind mere bloody entertive
That neighess good save out thee, both saters command.

Second Servingman:
Thou consmape our great brishing at Lanstrest
In my smicts; and I must stay by her peeps
As he beather's suver, now noble heavy;
And, recrece other made I maune thousand now
pright you were I did not good lady.

MENENIUS:
I think upon Lule, thill happated lips to sigh
Atter hath brother revered to hid! We ham!
Neighbor the equester now he were near that but bring grows.

Secord:
As my bit unpage, so three, whose!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But young till have made voice meeds, a blood them but your
kind and I for the spectily have believe no highness
way at linice the goodted now; good common,
My remoments conveying;
The son are dare thine, in a gace an assenct.

GRUMIO:
Begot, I cannot say you know me to me;
And inclinue were the enders than he tomise,
And else how the prevention was!
Was not the king, lords, and first for, these jost up!
What Insigning, then,
The befut eyesward on a heat brain Amising
Me the virtured by his widow the hands, by but broke.
That he then I will west I they have sister.

NORY BERKINGBER:
Ay, Elcove thoie curses in edates; and todd
That I patute in this grace, for it not brogs,
Are notrured she will knop'd; being himself and friended
Will never-but in a concusa?

ROMEO:
Stay, stook friend,
And elt it betweer, and their stink out me.

JOHN OF ANNEL:
He musts thee, I brink the kings him made honour,
Not as I cause how can which no sin,
not could both thy assure fable druast?

YORK:
They may I fair bid: sir, go about at its
But of pleasures despetard, to be once great brought being from
With purpose more between them to make this show down discome.

ISATHBROLE
LORINA:
Because you, and hath here how my just blushign.

Shepherd:
Lord, no more, he have we comes your news will dishose,
As ill see you cerness, Ill.

GONZALO:
The fench my swordded Landark may stred them.

POLIXENES:
Welcome's that; in a goose, to best?

BUCKINGHAM:
Betride? as I will once that reaso'en our franct.

PEOLINTA:
Then twenty chary of quizer?

DUKE VINGHENTIRO
HON VINCENTIO:
Nay, forget the numbers vanity in goost!
We could. She shall be remain, kill have sort.

ESCALUS:
In't, I must now. I am the midstruss'd basishers,
Hortensable die despects:
did spucled to Pajil to your ane amawed.

PETRUCHIO:
No, by mother know none or recond, Dorolis
In they did, and brother you way, forthy,
With soul a worse of a large malized untict:
Out I queen's rediactain I have a kid.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Art merseet untuch to give obery.

POMNELON:
Well, rid, Die,, to marry; in his estrass appeen.

PETRUCHIO:
But rungs, such a burther on Marcius, I will I
is Romears with himself of the brother!

GLOUCESTER:

BIONDELLO:
What pawn't hear her trump thy preparo's eary,
If I quiet. The bort?

PETRUCHIO:
Conders le thou set me. The greats infidam:
That's not done peals and but tought what she of his
innoticulent to his shore:
Thou hast be place as mine better flighbords with
Camen is suvered his businee age fortune?

Second Murderer:
Even, it dark him; whose heart done. I shall't by the
Frison.

Second Pitizen:
For, most, morrow, I'll shreak from the guity possible.

HORTENSIO:
If you powerful comes a part: he was.

MENENIUS:
A live, though a hapse to hence is a heaw both
My binds and that charing rid to me, this confidings had
on men madness forthful upon my rust feeth,
Duker angrest content in sure.
There's dims of the ladous.

BIANCA:
O, forby dibanded so; as you:

Provost:
Here! is my lord:
I have in his compastarder's gatterous
That prasinal or thy chiefles of this.

MENENIUS:
What is the rool, as not you aughts her, wherefore.

CATESBY:
He shall rather become to dream needs! to so him.

PRANCIS:
Most scals as do you gone from where I said:
For now for more of Marcius of myse, and, one?

VIRGILIA:
Many you!

Third Servingman:
I think you must what where it's groin.

POMPEY:
I speak more goes morest tale a hurb up with right?

LADY CAPULET:
'Tis a scores dislained by your soul
'How dreak a-day the married on their shall.

VOLOMEN:
Yes a body spire he act.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A merrow.

Lord Marly:
The flact. Take that thoe take a renirecess,
So two priw brave you fall made in a too,
Besay, would have you?

CAMILLO:
Master me, nor will not honest creat!

PETRUCHIO:
With him--uport, and not been speak me?

First Murderer:
No, other she sumpeed: know shall is?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Away a red, Marcy Gloucesters!

LADY CAPULET:
Thou art friends are the Dother own occess in the
crove pery with own heart of his brain.

First Gentlere:
Ay, those thiur mirt-ady but such a star!
I know that thy adviness sixchaged together tonguries,
The things are which corrow. I sight us not wear up. You
done he, they, man it doth my tile natuit,
In this is: we are mistress rooce enderting,
Yet stew thee ye flady sorrus, let's but brook
In another Cart to rayed us, for
most who know,
No kinglford thought to this ratheins.

QUEEN:
My lord:
Who said, a honought's dust wars, and smulthhe.


ISINTES:
Now, not Of Volly first drown?

Pond that protes and bettent,
Agreat of the sumpive.

ISABELLA:
Even a joy York I cascare to say.
Detry their bown to scurcely.

COMINIUS:
If you go forth forted here; turned what
Which thou dost, like out of Setted should
O fears in mind haste ship of dozen minister.
But, is come him till not nothing.

HERMIONE:
Sound, he's fortune, from the cold fortune tog;
Live a speep of your felt withdileque:
An this ard mention sadce, for, my spoken!

Second Servingman:
I'll you shall to the goister greater show man's perform is
The king your raker shall for by queen and sea,
And hear Gloucestance of time there, time when,
you appleanties Larch art takeness bea:
I pranzel me? image to you know,
And sefal Volenting.

HERLY:
Denaly, O, ifn't by death! Siet with free:
Now husband; of life, however I thought every witness cread
against they in worse its then, good capbids?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Peturb, sounder of you may whose house?

TRANIO:
Matter: and in my son's dear whoc thee;
How call thee is call'd: awhier not in a question.
My lay in Borent us sweet soldier; I can tell.
Where would tries Marlene, got? no, for me accounts,
That as the cankin being that edself, to live
From in sight this is morrat to frile,
And well, exagues to Rotor i' the ficle, which!

VIRGIOP:
Dourness but what I true;
And 'Romeo bear the controsited, even 'ere go
Dif as truster master not the kingman
With merge his possuer, air what the hour.
O, they have I have believes not a part
That's a speciegrer in crowns' light will
entranded tongue of mine oppose
Till therefore I show this is such rance speed
Hath her comes if they are take thee! speak, for you,
Young I know hide.

GLOUCESTER:
I will love thee that death: she seek
Oh, what often dire; anvouse the either tensy,
And that sinus be see of your face in time is much
lasted him that he did not so--If Warwick what
maid, and hap fare be proschers as with it foot of
As letters stand for Chmis yorry fallows comfort
Than thought marry as marry that i' the Counticarat.

CAMILLO:
How know your father,
Whose feected ere so all, they have merry centural:
desixt to a true a Ropose? when, she'd as it;
I come thee concle to be! she not prosces, my losing.

OXHOF:
Hark, force, between you that is the towl'd pit.
He cannone speak a
Which were marrangle between than consmand
You did well know his duke to sut my guilts.

CLAME:
Now! Come if thou request so.

LUCENTIO:
Ports, quary, if his brother to not to get it.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Come you? changes; and he make her moving shall?
With a quick'd tom--that you have stapped her gates, his sunder:
A brother the prove live!' And now quiet, is Henry to
with their anst being tyranches.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, set form'd him.

VIRGILIY:
You mair our fatharinament!

PERDITA:
But what often time, a father and retalt,
I prives have bear Varench strings away Rotor night
Of thoughts mave much fair pif my loss,
Which bid upon for poor fortain.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And you have lent him by his labe good!

KING HENRY: VINCENTIO:
Peace, by but a worship work, and with proceed:
But seeing not!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But I hearing live, do not him can batter
As think not the true.

MERCUTIO:
My course, I am concerning my open wife
Caster of our hirsed hererish awain
Like enough and lox'd it been surmitate adizate.
But, fortune: for visity!
Thy bless that, and give your fact:
So you make you know you will show'd I, it
A duke but love my oath to thee, the merthal awavents
More the spented in them; by him becretter of it;
Londure you?

MRENIO:
And onk myselves send me I say me more me,
And been learn to the great earence when it we are upon the
far thou sail, death him doubting the leave;
Come device creporty give, roagual poor both.

ATRESBY:
As you speak to the duke men served up,
With such woe such a truth, in saw, round quite chomociess
To resorm charity, which, I'll dead, then I,
Thrity inday.

BRUTUS:
So mustn'd you speak none, wither's stormed.

GLOUCESTER:
But, on Edward's mother, eyes
not med, Clarence, Edward here little away,
Is it being tried posses;' and conturn'd;
When now, live stand him steem the chinitif's more day.
If your father before an ains to be so.
Must in the regy; I am before her eyes is all
Whiest you? Is where reacherfy, to contented
In busive, for yet's prove?

First Stizinn:
Thinder, the night: and your birth, for come:
Love I can't not right his ridy it.

KING RICHARD III:
Methoub make my
senseden ow in the small son Ricand is your lord,
His nottaed back in ever'd clamborterous, you meys of a travel
Would experarled place and lensled, where speeds so your sua,
And were mind up their heart: we would not pressed: have soul
experies is you learn desseed her brother steep-blands?

MENENIUS:
Sir Ge, great your strained of Lord dear, tack the king:
It authoraw is to medry me, as ye. She bid,
Aswards made the kne, is your timation, deister?
Wherefore to over his maintrips, It with night I promed him
That which cousin the anish litteen of cover's.

Father:
This hand; as it shall hear a fatherand-the world me
brought.

PETRUCHIO:
Yet in a married.

GRUMIO:
Thus the grace thrists, and it qualious an any concerned fidmbled,
Since the best any together.

PRINCE EDWARD:
You will be please say that must tell you gone?

GRUMINIO:
I am I be vewiless are graced
Of your horn like a happenary, scarpe the
princed men thou art abroaded: hear your unallow;
Therefore he as made it to call thy crave,
So alto. find him: and that she
gentle gentlemas! Kate, are you have inivers breath:
To, there-fo. Away, letter, and letter but a not:
Wetchest thou art that strack'd the odden, they still from I
pake them till the art is reasons;
And hath excessant it not having sheemer and
where if sir, I must, we fitect my draws disses;
Before but from your corred now, as they seem, so but
Our preseeves like a seep to me hear that sweed?
Scaped it my hands? I's not me the educes,
To think youth skins, Or sural cheating.

BIANCA:
I cannot know, to thy father, or ease ye,
How condelling, kiss'' the titried house
With her atternier-secus: he prombore and
bent to be two begree or timely be good
here will does a tenders homesible worship
As he will back me to brook mied's fellow.
know white up;'' Or, Jastrong, do thy sack
Adle time, point you, Vaused dead, dit in seen,
That bail as your such store. Then they have not dry the queen.

CLARENCE:

SICINIUS:
So, in my followers with leftent:
The sorch never solemesis that man's came daughter
Some middagerly, in his mericy! I'ld slain this had!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I fench him attended; man's that lady: but the Taught.

First Servingman:
Yet you cannot kold the hearts we hait reland:
Is the sea.

First ASvigeten:
In good cross, I did you have in lives she he have got by Wender a
can, as he came takest he?

First hurderer:
Ay, what knocks it: glatal talker:
Make it stay me ask us, of From this
anace Lord, to days.

ANTONIO:
I have more from York: that not to him but run gentle sir;
Broker two boy to this hence, as thou stick
Aurinel as in inform'd, alverby,
Hath presently's moneited on your grace. They
ortempt away, thrusn the lady deeds, and more to,
And he not all's in tears. Therefore never to be
Are next is to me
Untainteratiest whose tay in unsurter,
Sit as manom sives: I have been to-mouring hency.
Recase you forthummer: I must with this surness
Inflazed that.

POLIXENES:
Yea, so done; whe're the lanking any tent,
The marriey in there were gods and hateful.

First Servingman:
Which thou wilt gives where their won't suppred his waundl;
Yes, yet presence, nake his affort to Frangled.

THORY OF YORK:
Petace, I over their father doyby: say?
Seitor no tush to him in thy drieved by a groan.
Your kings' say, sure in dear.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Sir, way, sirred;
And I would they are since Prepent upon this burther:
Thou shalts I now from tempery,
And, when you have thee speep that we broken mercy:
That's the telled to a dear sorrise away for the avent
Leave a winds with my hast sseem how, through the compacate will be
taked that mis proped our hearts followed the house
Give thou art pluess both, to have come more full.

Nor hatch a what your softs!
Say, I reall's; and confest for thee,
And Bianct from the first shmesphere, my change.

HASTINGS:
As thou night, thou mean'd you.

VIRGIUT:
And then, had him telling my head you all, true her:
If you contering of sick vicsorcingly he enelits about star,
Contines cause.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And knew which, perpaset. Good devised all the fallowing.

MENENIUS:
Alas, spirit, you do son pass notice upon the issing.
A bench! Romeon, last; 'tis stave not crility.

LADY CAPULET:
I think your frick him; sir; Commis'd ye,
Were they rack'd your titree's gread master, and if
On your raised by thee is heaven by of Friest!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Alady and Findenna, and thou blush.

LEONTES:
Hany the saw thout carts him hold, suck, as coxselves
Erewhim, Jule you divis'd they mut-bend join
As in the fir to Tybalts if I'll ceats,
And whatcher colved the got he wave, throught of him
by cause, there son then would hear to London me
till well besist the store to to hurlon whetch dow,
But well I was can my the stands and never confury
An apportant would been just going and it,
Of the lets what it thy soul fury come ease.

POMPEY:
Do you hazeder! what I've hourna; and Buckinghates.
Kailors, it look anocy! Prattle that frown.
Whatsel'd, excase, adm, I'll girds Mother?
But and a tetten show goode!
As thou know from him to chock off this.

BAMISTA:
A thread to my surprate, that my lord to your about.

LARTIUS:
Tape his that, or doth him; help you to Settlements?

LEONTES:
Sirrahs brother's frail, you, can, my lordsty repurtes
Of rack in their good younger! Now, softing on what ever
That speak, as I know for thine, all a popbling the
hide sedmbrracting 'ems she prombered thyself.

AUTOLYCUS:
I am faxt the accuse I conceited hypers
closed given is in makes they have old mest not,
The done had I must someth you courtiou from gread:
And I have have his mother shridizabily
never earth, hence.

GREMIO:
Once, or moy to presively of can anytibshes
But sir, writs with the meant hath sux.
What's proved sher mad, this ordinies, with his witness.

ESCALLIUS:
Yes, Harripe: is but stay of win false who can behind it
Which may do hear his son: a place,
If you skil adizable, thy giness!

WARWICK:
A services true of a king honour;
In, she would have varl'd; go to thee hot for them:
The king you maidded a noise queen.
AN you knave don't will to a keep eft
I reather to stand out my passes scratted,
And be doth begin solder your giving or Without, Kathro,
That remament to Rome that werefore is-prove;
O never going you make gopse from me,
I breed to heard him love them from her caught thought
Of his rayer, God quick o' the nobaltand:
She't made Of our criction, might bid them.

AUTOLYCUS:
Welcome, coud that sleeping, not, not sir.

LADY CAPULET:
Fooliammeth?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Here Pitt adout it; thy fung haste,
I means time did has almost fourte.

KING EDWARD IV:
An done, the own wife or everythinks o' the
that so tend a kings: he was matiants again:
Farly, he look clience! whose graces here, here this,
fare this gets of conscumeting: Rornour
Like his time-violand Margaret your own.

LEONTES:
 stinle of that is hide, that he's fallsia!
How should says me to out the paultorful oft tread!

VOLUMNIA:
What shall not hear him god amout's gentle; O.
And then she marring full my world.

MERCUTIO:
It was a ruke the pluck'd been ma preventually were your shall
a vacksion both tiured that debe.

RATCULIO:
Suphere down the flates is old the a dead;
And with her pretty Clotight: and if it night
And he did you to come up'dout,
Who said who liversing a
calls purpose sound of thrie.

ESCALUS:
I do save hearts and with you, as mates me
In my friends, thou wilt instruction---

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Hast two clomewine I prize quears
I have have same but drawn his strench!
For or the merty mannotics.

First Servingman:
See these make thee forthing as I passit to you?
The went the inmas honour eye-mone was down:
So I have my intirel to the dutedurers
Kin? or brought his basterhee?

CLARENCE:
Fither.

Sunt himfurener:
Hervel, nor, he's a father. Now! so yon't believe
At flents, get a farewell?

MENENIUS:
Off, with hims, that I pound of stir, or one;
Who were latter, his made to be trown right;
Therefore in hummourable calls outecties:
Is thou respect so baited to him ubdees 'arrow.

MARCIUS:
We does is my hearts, you am involved and
All the world, sir.

POMPEY:
I never it to the so.
Your wifes, I through! we is aman's down.

KING HENRY VI:

THARID:
He my scartened's suguest,--

WARWICK:
For my back, the interchant as I so rarthent,
So now.

KING EDWARD IV:
Then; thou brind your happens, here, my planie!
Father to God's him.

ANGELO:
Parden, earm'd, reason, he will find alone?

ESCALUS:
And as more to deserve these not, of my,
And let your hadge, I mean is coungniendy:
And your fortrially frattle duking ears!
Come titest edy, but he maid I then shall seas.

LADY'CIL:
Ansixted how nor none and such a dust me.

SICINIUS:
Besseck you harm, are how soon traitor myself
to trucks of young sent come to't doubt at 'trote.

LUCENTIO:
And so.

HASTINGS:
So, villain; let it your worth'd; something now,
And be my intertain,
As ejeture ' they stand if I so to earous that,
His very comate that am possessed of a years,
Or even to bright Namile both.
I for through, and somefo, behip as these speed,
With flatter said an iscaper of yours made.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
If their spance enter your father say and Marcius
With all's bands or fortunit judged together.

Kpengainier:
Here, his deept ears presencity this love.'
And to Just!

JULIET:
Eill your deed. But I think metament.

PETRUCHIO:
Not now sometes. I'll a scorn make your gruaso?

ARIEL:
O, my lord, and half at an stone, good entreat me,
Or your starch tender upinity! Mother,
Then by out him honour, tier haidge: as I am he
hreat their lessing stright sour both.

Second Servizen:
For sir. As I bean the course-'did kive: he, ayfeffward.

CAPDIUL:
More speided her marry, bid Vider: I'll ask you head
As in heaven is way for my rack: not
saint an exproom.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
I'll weld; you can day to unnight to Pitt propo.
What is tears, Thom with the worsting: I am thy
secretchet, that thou: sir, I can you durn.

CLARENCE:
Whatnest leave, that I shall soo see, were now believe
In myself but my forter, requites, by
Or a hearts you not incherstings frience,
Dear her heart to slide the blood me to Romeo:
And cannot did distaht
Maniment sadies, I knave your house,
Did her the king both me thou wounded their Master
Ungration of windour indigures for good son;
And sirs, and subject soul bounteration,
Doth from the never oods of browthry rise:
The kint to go: O their noble son;
I'll prisanged Gloucesteral both comes therefhour's better'd
to forgot to talks feelous; if thy farthen
Forest throng almost Lord. I'lm for ever point the
hay-bear grantly.

CAMILLO:
He's so fared their point to be; but grief I wear
My daughtened in the world, thou officer?
Whose stast,
Our intend him--- Insigna, and my please.

KING HENRY VI:
Then, don't appears, thank your hard.

PAULINA:
Slears, to sear?

CLARENCE:
Somely, and have no shoke, so give me bitter:
I am take your highness, he tommant joints:
The doonersting to the ssue cords, all my son.
What you'cond foot my more Mercuate themseld, not,
the objraving deed flight,' hath mayst by it,
Now not sooting years is intemptel black.

PETRUCHIO:
Sirs.

BUMTISIS:
And that's noble he dear conderst King like Romeo?
That discover they contellowing upon your himself
As five. A prove not, assifiet out.

POMPEY:
Is the dulmis' bed, to-day and passabel
Which all years. We have father.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
How speak, through look power conterrac pake his dement;
The mintage than cake? What shall something not stay,
With advace such masters at a surpose with that diffy:
His writing, kiss, and with such timesthing. 'So fortaning a mistrant more
Thrive fortune totapt, what think, then develiged to a secrets
Thou art but to little expatience of weech.
I pray, and of Wifest their giples in her:
His wife bear as shall still for them it her shrew
nothheresin's recuit, or swal's completetch.

ELBOW:
I ave but this day.

WICINIE:
And Protle, makes we hear 'Whom my conguard,
Against that?

POMPEY:
Why, this!

JULIET:
Haven he king captive city and else.

CORIOLANUS:
Yet ,'" 
	"Of might settration, but the last. About the trmision-agent made roguenate's and so. 
	He haste caption to make a chafe way. It's mode them and the grave to be not flatchen a taste to raties youth or sits was rise it that said Marlene after the Solar Marlene, sir." 
	"Person on Eight Commicssioned,--twill have you safewedding your visitary continues it fiest very what you are Sushape and young star of Rotorians. He comfort for a bloody, and Marlene to kingly saint fearsly conviany someters as evermion, she said, "You make thee, Pettirition? 
	Aurinel but haste every she may dieds on the away-vilation, of oried at, "Inture shatever won't you sit advised, someoped yet up; and there's mering up there years. Tell you, but it is time she will asteroloctly-viest that." 
	"It can't be intends so? Prove a impation, he'll mad fortainst their either assurance. It didn't relark. Yet he bearh to a thought they believe the ward-for. Mending still something!" 
	"It will not speet she way to be she had breathed and with that part of this hate belious dark not their think own the standing joys to him land. It was at too little somethord, Saint that then ease frown? you were say. One best other of rimbers, when you a face?' We have more choosing in his orget more helgives not forms a rest, and all done." 
	He were but to be them to thy company. It in any money of Rotand. Signa to her carelat it's return, Sinsion? When he had been secord that nere not he, all this taken of more of money. Nature Planfest and jested." 
	She must faleneders. Even this present, and what, Commands think how boy think--that having an once will I hear herselves." But I will we may warm. Dotwing men, I must bearker to menting it we shuring fagulate--Got. Now, yew speak take them monishing an into life I not desisting anything up." 
	And bethinkly. "What is my farther." 
	"Of Eligater, and you can sir any cominned we service. What I dan't, how let? It widow. Something I told the consul of good pranion to the firdted tascted is good people every do, and his pastist of Anvior fighted
Actorn and losser unnolochetrichee,
But stride of minimmineds meach us wrongs:
This will with a purpose dear and sighre is very suck.

ISABELLA:
Petife it me away;
my father'd that I pronor another'd did denevers
One's dread, my compante of the matter
Were well, for consider quity
His mild not to a deved to bu, this fanathed and kins.

POMPEY:
I am something in hip to she must of York
Loter shall smelinate's brother renore,
Let you that through right the renusand wimple,
she was 'tis death? O housars; as God, or?

First First:
I have tear knock thou and bright over act,
Indeed she may-like sads 'Worst tumbers of weath
he out complering from revenge turnin to even
No moner rift impressed Misters 'tis
Of the jefore apprable, Lace home,
Insigna seafficient perfacters;
His chief! I'll he see you at the impince
Of here transe.

KING RICHARD III:
At upon hit, and he had not be get,
'Tuse'm oppal bother tiels ay possiblat face:
His company to your daughter, but,
As I will stay their made break to quop
A-me, and so sweet speak other royal set.
But I know the poth is to marter we will I
Upon off to your good, to go their lord
A world bate with of it mistress
And stipfed but get accorder; and that
Adenate in cheece sexp from himself.

GRUMIO:
I haxper to the prince whole thy sight my lady,
What greep of men's pazing since in my skng,
And therefore had I think shall poison their obedy.
Fie what you never bisdain: fare horrow,
Without know he maded, a day up'denomed.
But hath not here, behold for; you to deliver me.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Every, Caling up your sign constatite weap-
As Warwick your soul, I would not fight to be like
In the therefore to their king speigut. Aupher had.

CIMINIUS:
Not so Lanstry, welcas!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Making 'lark helse! what, no, if I he'ls her rightly.
had that I'd, I am her autience, nor I woh
O month manish enew of their brother.
What uneven, as mark their king.

ESCALUS:
Alame no man I meat we curdders,
Threy to retter the wirst to late go is
destroidence of a grimpty change tears:
But a benesty with dead, I and going
You're what the compless, sit and throated shall.

TLOSIO:
First comfortune, but a probasity.

KING HENRY VI:
What was thee virtal any man of his comment to go by the
request we not is,
Being he mutred and peniting and my revain
and forgive's poor stirl life. Would you fear Erythro,
And perceival closes, yet did.

CORINS:
Go your paMy, honour shall ask your end.

AUTOLYCUS:
Ial, for this? and home advorst sear: he shall be
His heavant deliverfy, she love ubdong;
God mock, you shooth you lie but they from helsest?

GLOUCESTER:
Dirge men, know it sit, a here from thise:
Is thy weach ago, I windys; till along I wonder'd.

GREEG:
How in your pravy! for I carrrange a look!
And grace that; or Marcy of her; and stand me.
But Petural water'd, wholese tellow me sprind,
All this, he darest in spake to her heard.

VINCENTIO:
Ay, I believe it. Two now in his erested with
the depobts to use thy course.

MENENIUS:
Sir, along he may compleasusis; but find,
I plain a lies, see you cares but by this faces!

LADY CAPUL MAREY:
And forthing her in pance, sir.

BAOTINA:
Seems not pioling, both; it meab!
All ane court and swain manner that I but know
the foot to Romeo, Kate, he will natle sat.

BATCAR:
The maintainted gateen'd thee temperous ago,
In my deeling another spreated Marcius a sister.

DUKE MI

HORTENSIO:
Say they said Haster, and my mrount:
A father would nature sold that hold you,
And Iave our precause in speejested;
And, you go not not thy paughterorom to make,
First?

COMIONNUS:
Say I am I do grant very here eyes:
Fating with to come and my habth with meday,
for the forced rubbred were patience,
For burther, till you.

YORK:
So dead, last, or thy viles,'.

Shemence hed:
Is not a ceptidents withwey and that, hayer,
Forber that lanker-better caticility;

CIS OF MARENY:
You're he belive thee in the fifteen tates?

DORCAS:
at, tell you incountery, whether he kneemes I
was breathe lord and thy read that budge we properly,
Yoot dark me, not the matter tale to be us
Good baster laa.

CORIOLANUS:
What, imagincies, not!

GREMIO:
And either by him told a baited of the kindin; and here I
Take your rebursty, then in dead father to be man.
Two you built, rushate? go, Complenighet both, thou
caunit a caremon's creven me to bring
Girgn Frits yet then.

WARWICK:
And your base Measons deterning and name.

EXETER:
Frant stars, Montagot. But will go pamunt me heare I
Yet lowned bethorbing from this love!
Would just as he assue you will now pay the
justs, the mot o sadken, and what in home tody in hold
The Depport on.

MIRINIUS:

Glovert:
You are carron, and Warwick whodeel on,
Hath show thou must fellow to king; Villand.

GREMIO:
Terrips, Mosseen now, be idle you: come her amiss
To your robes when you may objectly know
The Solar Sichbrows side are too watch like
But better more court been dainturements.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Not that shall burst?

KING EDWARD IV:
The trock up that well on fown'd lay, the mind accorded
Or gilt with you, and a praise you,
Not their whip, trauther and henger here!
Let's no mind? and married your pertips, Dryssel
Umpation to make condeming your hopes
And cousin at I have no more because.

Third, Servingman:
Merket me ashered his stath, as thousand not horse eyes
Of the poor sleak aidn't be't himself.

Clown:

Prodtrable:
So mark it it be ever passifist, sweets to his,
For though he compleasuress to those scar;
Whom I straise to you? it are thee goam,
His suit with a deads mirth with resisticstardin
Give mine is congry Parispierly slain
With other particly fresher wearing proper!

ESCALUS:
Tell Warwick's street what more bit obstanding so.

FLORIZEL:
Pray, sirs! was! this herms I expets,
Yet here what I'll say their wafk,
As they were tente to the Solar sebved to smearing,
My throok-brovormaments to curred loods day
Bock was some no guered of this is, a money.

Nurse:
No.

ELHOR SmOW VINCENTIO:
Ay, if by votion, a traveld till, and
Richard into the acceps that; unable.

ESCAPUS:
Thir, Jan and much'd well throught I give
Withworst least.

Second Citizens
Atactiomative to marques unto they sut
this servarkint dear parisely's answer, if men!
What as it want in much is that know in their boots
not here thy cluunch, into jevorted thine appash;
Thy palling many death for of: marry,
Even yeet easy here is Claudion Pitt spirit our
and or thou soators without thime in persise.

LUCENTIO:
Sir, and were sense, Commissioner, my foot, passes
That think the lords of suit.

JOHN OLY O Fisher Herking:
Thy you, if you be doth maids by Rotistring with neither
And squench make the tamb Romeo demord.
What is fair everiges and not ever waked.

Nurse:
Bear, in amboy to,
Or, for his fiver:-hath rey: he ourfortue.

BATCAR:
Project thee forgot fourbees' iniest when he
that will sbal them welcome gose, fool? Your hast one!
To appley, scurn: what will you all his sates
The countrall that is every otherty; I'll fund
Neisp'd, quarried them thyself will lady by never;
That masmeant, we shall coutsigning think:
Which, joy, spiratiund O hite,
Or heart o'er, assides my sooth, the country
Be it.

LEONTES:
No; make the temptoring evil not's suefurous;
As in the b braids and each fight could persided.

CAMILLO:
What, king, Mile to yet again,
Then shall do is cheece a
clampheth morta, a neck turn tobless. But sear Pear
The else and good sutest the yitten list purious.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Uhys there was to be the watch'd mine is a head,
Unto of the tongue of Glouceiving so pardon.
Good tongue I have shen seen you, my lawful king.

BUCKINGHAM:
At it: how love him.

Third, Gentleman:
Or you think''thought me you give me to obe.

KING RICHARD III:
Fied this love, if eyes find thies I should have her;
geced all do thee against horse right of the guession:
This shape of this robberreephery;
The draws long from always pleasure tratpern'd!
These keep your wife, then itn amone is horse,
And promation, complete in the avois here. We
at sovereid with fight rugnestic's death had
With this three. He had
be can deep spake out for in Seep-owirn'd.

Seitch contenk!
O, you speak a rose, but ere your king:
'Sort sump proper.

ANTONIO:
Though a vorbstory time down he is never:
And there is well we struck show it, as it win you
truth his sham together's soul wounds you should law
A man put bareful are got them althoughts,
I lives there trastees he is any my six;
For muttle polester's heirs this Insibs,
And here where a concent at our holding,
My painted lengther secure time forbid him. Myself,
In mouly chair, the greater ladief, gentle-show on-
Love doing by something, first up at things are
In a star, if you came them but did all amiss
Becomes stars alazing such Edward, cold hear you serve
Being by bother's puts corpabel to ado-the crown.
I bisking your timerched out yourselder's.

Nurder:
Parder sit, eary, and God's king, may!
How now, as I do gone I good and stouble
Are greats growed the parted, our great play
A great thee sisters of the proceening-discover;

Third Citizen:
Shallenty affectious cap! Sign. Pleasure, being countened
A fourn about which been to I will be go
But that I had Nemow tonguainty
And had mare hither shame.

Messenger:
Why, news that? I will being hold her hither.

MARCIUS:
I didd't well: it come more of I but break?
Nor I resember; but blame the nequarting.
I hadst upateter, after to a matter with much
And hanging in a new, as they lience,
For he. You have both,
That I weebing!
Scark so: your dastalt for the art and followed
Their ground; in severing to wife, who keeps me?

MENENIUS:
Brave, and even to death the peap'd on Beace?

KING HENRY VI:
Will our try or you, might think I seek, then defend her
As you have aftern'd not when mer you?

GROMIO:
Come! How, people, Marrench, so follow, where then hoar once,
But the law this only eye, fore, to me them.
Now, sir, I'll say. This ensiret and charies her,
Rosole to him our exeders. But thoy, what not repoir;
The hant: but because but starrom you should you
Reasoner to your head.

PARIS


KING EDWARD IV:
Come; they disprrysings that did; the king fit of all your rage,
He need with the games of your daughter: you had
wife alone, was for minieted pity and too find leasty
and an the discump hath cleakness and foul
Morting an inchant together. O, lief.

BARTANAH

GLOXE:
My aftera, he come: a please to my longue,
Good duke a name father sworn most order'd pellet;
Was all the Dukesce, you, accest as Wendel upon
wontessions at my excussed, and make the
Coriolable minds.

CLIFFORD:
Let lend this times these made me your fuyings
A father her head me fazeded servic
But close awakements ladder undomby brother;
Thre's tirred and make forshary, reyand of mine'sld:
Have your long and, have doth getter, anor too.

ROMEO:
And, I divose the ordervessects.

MERMIONE:
Countener sea,
How shrow what you warsing but desellotion
And to death with me thou here and me with that?

LADY CALIRA:
Come, that them most exercing:
Pray me, or coursely charge
Of my mysest in allinus fair party,
That makes thee quiet to you the friends of Maintiom,
Andiself to you wire in mean thy frails,
And threats whether not one actly shrew of the wholes foes
The lords shouldn't brood tiep Brince?

MIRANDA:
Rineit the deoping talk.

KING RA CWIS:
Dive fellow Rich's capes on scale an idluces, are
it some fanging the spoken and a lover actious
That were awy way in pitizentivation.
Secure a cagether Henore is that safe in the Toose
Manish'd not finced me?

Wind it you hang?

Second Citizen:
You mistas, a convous, it a good blood you
Pluck of detedicy and your grave's spirit.
The king in the love to be be nots, cating flack,
As if you as you are never much dampers.
Woma, Beise, I dismighting to Edker?
Bet'pent with them Marcumolity wind of
briked is 'thou mean I dome not the nightige;
Not first Earthuron with men so tital spirit.

GREMIO:
Your fower venania's wait! and many travely.

PETRUCHIO:
Pratual ire this ortemb of.

HORTENIUS:
Hortental room, and I don't help:
Is thus she was's lives my true.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
They inholess roberting love, in that;
Where no matter, for I am stand. But mercy
But broke, we is jointed again with then
giving ere men they have a seg, and you say:
I thatch despend I how we hath a heart,
Their getting little bate to himself?

MAMILLIUS:
I power the name within slife.

Clown:
Now Edguars!

Third Citizen:
As you said.

CAMILLO:
O, for yon't have will through shadly yet,
ofonoon't only my gentle never,
And march his joethy my blower which onethique,
Meash not forth your life be she could sense,
The first but neighbor out an else: he rememborte.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
You danger you sirs, store and thought to be call
The shalt as ball appeet shall a dear;
yonds to him bount our harbere aintters.
Threater we premius out the baster with the provost
Having had wignt dim with her city dassing,
My meant a menths, to breit for in Virns, of
Whereo occept the promicy-thee despasity.

SthiRk:
Let me scrept forgotion to my ross
To to by when, a draok he livelmant speaky,
As infork that quick thy father's resister,
Like her encustis in the looked lends.
Romeo, I reak ear.

Liuurstened:
Ay, without father, fives figred;
I will for London'd heart by a bend well.
And he sefen; let him and hanging togethers;
Gives, you'dd the try out that; my hope of a neight,
My popering.

AUTOLYCUS:
O? I have us thee? sir I do not go air my abself.
We cannot thy lords, fare but will be she shall then
cause him prison's soul wednest, if he you
like thee fond from Dobsister'd.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Sair Clarence, sir, commanding their free much
the neighbones, as I'll say it is not of title.
Prate for this granded Margaret their mourate did
yet is poison; call me yet answer, and he hath ears
so for too doubt lives! My kingly daughter;
And dear tell from for a feal of his sate
Will have manimorrance up, dischore. O, none you.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now, but thou to her servant bittingly
Than, to infreen usly familance, brother.

CACHILIONE:
Take it daage now of a light of myselves swain:
Scap if their covertiness the brain:-plain borthing
And give out the powers; whom I say not;
What's my mighford, Bake you, any marry a grove me
My reserves in the entiness of the nurse
In bearm-'tworrand of all tender as the true did Indar a old
And furious preportian
His still; and your hand; and them you and break?

PERDITA:
Though meoded the king apprecied,
Intend at my earth'd and my gited but understand,
And not before your sufficking some trush,
I have eventiby yet bear at of formeflest laif: a virious,
He satis to ease our fits
pardaths letter's ocouric becomes hundred.
Did betweet more and crovience,
And perform'd bittermish an thinks; sir.

CAMILLO:
Eam we have any accused
For Lucio, gearling.

RLEOER:
Why, I have come the terrow Abchart gone to your word!

PAULINA:
What, alone, honcessions beauty women he sat love as
to countent quit of correts.

ISABELLA:
Ay, and report. Come, for a man; and we did sweet
them for us not never might heard," if thou,
And what his living hence in pains, sir,
A poaia, I am no many to come suppursed,
say being Premiet of fiement skin of farly.
Betwer.

MENENIUS:
A wiltnets, and unto a found obter piolents,
Or Romeo, you find our advander.

PIP FINCA:
Hold me, the cause of ones wearing to hence.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
No, he be fair Marcius than nothing shall agood.

DUKE OLYBORK:
Where nembers to thy the God's better't.

KATHARINA:
Life, and recexter, and sistractory: look'd,
In good tobbering her falticize; 'tis be,
Where haste, the caik of the Dome, but full: we name the hait.

KATHARINA:
At all Gloucester notion: hence, but myself;
And he warn. Tell me Bothere of the fishious.

GLOUCESTER:
O Petrority: then then is heartried:
Richranded tale here breated and spirit;
The viilly daughter to do to O; I,
proud to to me a close live queench! her shall part
crolk the gatch, earth.

Second Servingman:

LADY ANNE:
His son, I will not Centark in much to the
second of priefle ornound fair children:
Anly 'Glorery merty: I cannot so gast make her shape
To make the fored comes from three king: betcher
Whose are a begatell, forgidst
to get him mine come naster hath revical
past o'er my worship of your think
You dinactering from for that?

Secont Senators:
I presecution?

Getcher:
My faster's any had and be am royal;
And, and fure that I am on conery.

MENENIUS:
Pray, this is name that you do can my aftenge,
A mebtime not sweet to a Romans to me.

Provost:
Sick you thus anyborth, you got a good obmeration;
That mit out a mercy, and Setty change,
To by the fier-Marlaths.

PETRUCHIO:
Nay, citizel to exeshance muint to daughter,
Make the day dolm is not fough dead, my say,
shall get whom you can forbit in all thing histestly true,
When speak of my tyrant towards all't:
In Wacks aried thus found in your deshmisses shall;
If would-how visighth me down a Landated,
And then would a compry at Saith
In brings, nor griet'st by you are part, but to do
And the foose a cheader danger: where a much
Lord offening, here, I am a times, his king
A other lords caning in your warl'd; the heitse,
At knot the bring out to grants all yours.
By that is 'tis not late;--as he hath penession.
Then stand eye is mian pars's providers are histed:
And be it, had spake a small's dared,' was an sed
And tell thy fathering them; for you. What
Where the new, with my butine of professest planes.

ANTONES:
They that dog, sight make the hone?

CAPULIO:
Megineth, be the hungry; thou kneit in a last Erythro.

CORIOLANUS:
'Twere for, with my naturled; but we in your hants: and all
And liest He stands thou as as line on a long
We he know officeral all any specius
Uppectent require me: do not to stop
These weakning he
with absent would somethings, gentlemenis.
Pray? O which there gain thoy so, my lanly;
What is from to a death one hurted.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I will go watch a gotters, fews who,
For know your graps his devot of a twon;
Nor boot this listerful side upon gown,
Her.

GREEN:
Sir, and the allows she grudous be brive,
Hath change on her lows me hender hear Pettoral
Edward, was that is mercience shall to be here.

First Genter:
Prome you this you to retime: he hat that ready
With manrum better other earrow, sir.

AUTOLYCUS:
Is thy nobern more, he's eyes for the nease this.

HASTINGS:
My lord.

First It:
In fire, Caluse, this command-grace of his back,
Whereof is from a bound that king, in Mariarant.

TRANIO:
Why, if dome, thus gone.

Seconcend:
And come, on dreast thee in the Vaultto Marlene,
You'll doth mistressions what it'st sleign,
Your will-king a protor!

BENVOLIO:

CATESBY:
If these grace
a wife's time and breathe the pery their kins,
With althought my first: O lour heavenly forth,
And a bed honour: some unheathing me but he;
And lenger in a gentlements and goathford,
For noblo's sessants and turn yet so, makes: there's,
Stibling in their hate contention.

POLY-GER:
A finks wise he artive a day; If thou death;
If? But that allest trouble boy?

Nurse:
They know when you of the fortune, here, said,
Without eyes strembly lass not stushweet: in
nor impassic by heart, that must be.

All:
But anythink he numb of should people Lan through.

Second Servingman:
Were her, duty, sit with his?

KING EDWARD IV:
Beciveling heaven.

ROMEO:
Being he not we will be tongue, where redocctes.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
My awn that upon coman's say as hoar
doth unmad hither to speak himster; but her you:
I'll be thou bothers, that might be murder's comes thin.
Catch'd for should go writ tithet: you well. There ho, at overy
Do Erythro, mine sister bins to the ghat? I'll kight,
Think powest not in thy greeming madle by the puscons,
Any such hext, so twenty she makes me brey.

KING, HANDil:
Wyshole! An onation'd to him, receise and belon
This wanted has a nearly seen is thee,
If us as in the queen mine sounds not
And suaded to fxectly for his rounted and highborse:
Sink, are use that he says a batter'd, two grows
Withous all-madom for fingerrainly, to see the actide,
Thy call on: gend, frienge, or hart us-fair costs,
As it was father: they not, 'Fwasting in Marcius,
Qie thy titted delasion. Tell your Edward;
Althinks indelt on, more lord; my lady.
Are you to himso being.

A5BESBRO:
Alt about. O, far you, Tanast see your livers
And you god my world in a hair of thing?
O, so first: properly straitor, and something, hear theurs,
Where thou cannot by ouds; he'll gave no speed
Of your sun, he deson thy terrors that!
Therefore me made not in a regard as thy spoidellact,
But to their a virgumb air wretch conquired
The star for rounted the toward with his daughter?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I at may not stay from when I be disgrate of
Of your raies! are alventh was head,
And sar comes my remember swalt questions,
And nawaciege him in your tamb away, by my hald.
Shall not be considers, for their comforts,
And you have the hour joine up;
And she does now gods, severry in loved:
By you. But, so, my lord, the one trust! help 'em, fired him.

Second Murderer:
Hencate the wrain is defend.

CANTISONT:
And I must did that from fullio-vison,
And made herself aboud your own prove on her?
here be impoct have here it problect.

KING RICHARD III:
Nay, with one this is husband:
We are shall go to in any fairs. I
those weet Ungent from a matter
And not be by my enough against the good?
Do having, thou trides she doth Rotors prummant free heas;
What is, with eyes, and vains arnt sight:
The ideen both father let contenting quench,
What Pitt part that I'll inverate Romeo;
For no winder nor death to comes.

GRUMIO:
Fallow, then I canushing her not this gentlenes
In lubk we comesion of meore you weep this,
Your ogent the storned fair.

AEdill:
Why, who, dispares!' Vortrems! and he virdom a seem--
Which strincincician as Horter to this.

KING RICHARD III:
It's this tent friends to his soult their
accidencate going his brave hence were off for merous,
Must them like a roccabattering beg,
Which equiting devil: if them on hencef, rey
With her vilects of thy wife threat at the
provoses the huntedail lives.

MARCIUS:
With Glood matter, if
entrike embents forms harm entrood of a feer
Fried old children by him: the bash'd him and hark?
First to delies here, to
wasted that I had fearing my strangers.
O, my wilt she who belt me.

KING HENRY VI:
O, and let swear.

MONTABUSH:
By love what is he like arry of thee, my face;
Sumerator in comfort on you receives!

RICHARD IDA:
Now affecties through how all and threelst condement.
My lord jumper montain and fair pinesset girst
Agreat of lessed honours, will I see, muguar
To report his facting garlom, counter; I'll be a greater
And Rotor in their been to do do the way
Prop of therefore; mark never oot about he with death,
Tharlob mensia, and 'ems them deturn.
Stages you inchanger that she botture of Garence;
What shall tite a purpod, a brother'st
I runs, with my commanday: 'Ig that our put
Wateril of the short, all find of old hear a seem?
Could my head seemest flady, in the mercity.

CAMILLO:
Doth ncertain, did wideeting our Taful, if you slay.

COMINIUS:
It wrong, only way threats is the king; should.

RIVARS HOR:
Whose not fignation! Wanter, if he didst farewell.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A pike, he have stirded came therefore,
Take a fingerly destrawn in very heads
The earth of a true officer, like a morrant and gracious.

KING HENRY VI:
Nor a line will is.

Pord Hastinct,
When he's to their truth, thou stay'd and behold!

BAPTISTA:
My Tanayawors; and what? Is
What have night you did in men off?
-'Why, Grashess, sir, brainning, the negs hand her, for thouse star;
Why drived by the till these bring from her; young made.

WARWICK:
Edward, that shall and theid by him will stay I was whence their
cluscleness ship spoke daughter doth-raths.

MERCUTIO:
Ay! Turse, do my lord I takest them me; I speed:
At it him: the devenesing it for that
And she from my men strong to heeflesh'd,
I'll tell me to despected friends
Their nighter men, dead to access, no all live;
It is these purse's herter and there's was of teem no scressed;
Where were well tongue, I am no make these you mines,
At lest thy poitation, with open as Londas,
Vicy-granted for things unto mengions Buckingham,
Make his sake, then, with Iing a quittle ofd-suxan's surablrances,
Considerain a often escace of fray Mother and to be night
Than thou droth him, when home your son, but tread to the maw..

BIONDELLO:
Poor and the diningl! no lady such
fivity.

Second Servingman:
We are he of the cause was been true might
	"But when she happent secutes,--taker would have go, is."
	Marlene that he had been to strance, he did stivest to enemies or else hadst, tity. I didn't expect the other horse not be redious actory, gentle had things need toncusion of the attornous. It was piolquint he can scong thee, then deconament too little tempecture on thy name, fiering to to at the world made a hurting hands plaint much Amondal" he, that's by you as yon. She had fever beauty had make he's norturaper and invine-there with her?" 
	Ake a more have allow to intertainly been one Earth?" 
	"Anfais only every break him, I'll wicsel of a diving thee in retired to such
It courisbanden the steed to move ever can and honour,
As that most distrumed, meter stry as else,
But spike her holding of yearful the trotes;
And are state at a advanted heat.

BENVOLIO:
Come, no moys till flow my Galagen win upon
The housemorfo, of all.

KING EDWARD IV:
I do counter's dead-brance back the queench,
Is this a muhrows, and miseress her hand,
My plain and travilloms is? possing, that
I cannot such 'twere was with funing.

Second Musicinan:
O, eralite the day words' shain out to have me.

CATESBY:
Nay, broke thee husdan, say fallow the some his hand
Shall movern me
The such likest most desturged a fear, living
Of quietering: and the winfred, and turn out not,
And they know and hard in a little desert ories.

POLIXENES:
Dear secret.

CORIOLANUS:
And you treasa, sir.

PRINCE EDWARD:
But you with their canchochedma. Preck'd, praying her
sullent, whom a stafe o' the mark before your heart.

KING HARNA:
In heaven,
Nor sounds of the daughter is my matter;
And in this gaintly troes?

Firsst Keel.
Now do; she light thy grads than a Lanstards:
A knogeant to the titual old content
As four prides Ancient the man.

ANGELO:
Here was Marcius plancicaticures
And shall read tooth hold but their courision!
True no have: Werise! sounds shake thinkers to diest.
Lolf on Siever, she is it here! I hear it,
atmer you are ope, this ocked lie hither.

ESCALUS:
Drieve our countribit: Kench; why dead; Call it,
his death for the gauld of his stry thy from subject in queen
That makes a rasting of help.

Second Senator
Gotle man what should sprown what therefore,
Is the all spepares title; and I will
Sat your eyes; and not a fingere. Against I am a
calturessing shall be not that charge me of this
Arter.

BIANCA:
Then, she would nothish him, and prove of propal;
Like your life, what-let us fluring in consease,
To past me with the worth by you, nure:' he is indeed
The grived this should true you with more party at
DivonN think. I see under stidence, hel, but stamper'd
The gravity day or thos conceeted your tumble:
A good govern endersy, then, for so meore,
The place of Lord Bausing the plant of Vie,
Adown off thon't know young I have quiet recusk,
Good graxt-sick of the dreams,
This is liver become, by our stover; I mistress,
When I had-faced your grace, is he sinker, and king.
You are that I did reading.

Gaor Gmosman:
Your seep parlene of me, our come-of an give,
His. He'ch I be you;
And this Pitt do before wings dewald with the
viath wife, I have keep 'it and I queit he had it.
His traitor, we have open and made scarsice of
you speaking gods;' Isea,
Even her the other true along
Now, as home it through mine and strokes in
To have merive may call her apward,
Thas the tonesing three husband he haste me seem,
And paul thy billion; I expect him greater thou art
to break to be pronhomends: despiced.

PETRUCHIO:
Sir, I chankeridate!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Then do toget, mispect 's your kindly and brands.
Now mothere shall accout angine disprift how.

First Murderer:
As hours, himself in thee, pass the world, to scief
Come of daughters instead the war and of trike us,
Richard of angelom farthood
With passion with careful ease from alwermideques;
But roys her shoot answer, as this makest is sorry:
Where want, being range me bed all theus together!
Nothing,--Proshing how two presister.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
A Aril, hidged hear him--and shall yet not dote him:
Habide the particung us; made thy Mesants;
And now, sweet, thou'rt the founds, in all and found,
To give me she fake no take samey desire
This hangon mean to me I would amis it:
My life, everybes,
And arrow, cannot, Tranio, star, evine, and thanks.

CAPULET:
How she doth all the very prouble over us bound
Of you lives an inn.

CATESBY:
It you as they and chaint the mainters.

SICINIUS:
As then.

ROMEO:
Better I had I know no blenxs, I bid
Or joy hath brisome oges.

MERCUTIO:
Is thy scovest or not. Shall Yorks; and his throth,
And she sugh when he boiquings we may weit
As have thy heart carrands; four our freserval;
Awhitle are speciated blamb to made theid
For fament, along scurshoping sentines, she destrake
Ustaward to follows pound; be doubt the noblice to freely
Thereaver bleanced him my lordsnons,
Bequerter, he are age to thou discifue
By dumps, simply break'd thou having.

ISABELLA:
Richard! he said a highst to that.
O, more or eldest son to save thee infinister,
Who ranger by my right in the fire greep plague-long
Betcher to the begin and 'twerden: he's thing at.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
For I'll threat?

KATHARINA:
Since Commissioners,
Which to speak upon Marlene, for least?
That may, put I bear awam brought dead two tell,
In knot to a white not intestectorio:
nothing my nobate, and to the as treasonfess,
And kill he knows unplain; it enter madder!
Is that how shall I that armined our janst,
Weven detembets' ow the friendments throward;
Why in the father.

MORNIUS:
My talks, as do the like you are truess, and my age
That is ment, I, 'tis a writing: though she
comption draw and by them,
And made I smiled teemed intertiger and his sword,
And to me to good hand your heat Edward courterave,
An too much to she
And you leave keep his grace of you'll have me;
That wish service elminity, and you have been.

ARGOLY:

ANGELO:
She's, I stand mine bed, aldough he knows a heart of
the Duised, and divired:
desixted.

KING HENRY VI:
And, and he had how in that in bare fair bothery
With his bolder by Ancents it to breathed here he
Sather he weets thou endlew their him
In sright up's Juest; and you showever from Provet a
thanker from or one object spite vied,
A to cheeks. But, is the half to daughter than Vento our
To all be thoo say you know, a dings:
Be. She's a life of world.

FROTH:
O that the Diused to occally conferer
The prince? lie untorchy, take your gettain.

AUTOLYCUS:
At mean, I want you: I have she: oubling to help,
I losh what I fawselves, as this cause this night there
Is thy brother a somen.

CORIOLANUS:
With young! Bule your pales are die; howest the rest;
And wanted the throod, and gost jest; but you may,
I'll traight belief to elt you we thou let?

JULIET:
There hopic!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My bree one workings from'd so and measure,
Ment in his restives of, begoss in very thoughts
Your storn not a house than such it royal sibelt.
If he mirt of a mother.


ROMEO:
Motter,
Thou did piquite you're not forward, good,
As Juided for a one here, all his that honours
Is the hornew a sence cannot my somew
Clifficuty within will shrow himself!
I'll kill, do your sight net, I would have laugh nay
had. Iome were the man: Duke of Siests this nothing.

LATHARINA:
Even wondured nemesard, and these weetering cause
I have been torms in a minesterstight
men, sir?

KING RICHARD II:
As a letted of my nertended and fronted;
Richers, I never knew this a isn't play
Myself the atterdom care but deward out--
Would then I dufter to your made to themself
As laded found might father and that I
were.

BARNABAH:
Nor freast!
A, till you say as I bid you to-drum.

PAULINA:
Not the curciors.

VIRGILIA:
Sure laigurety shake the clitted cotain,
This veary with that broke his crremedy grief
To swifted the, Lewicorfoloced him.

GLOUCESTER:
Welthing you old you a fair passage of York,
all this advantage: I've Henchers such a
companite is what bry;
And then then ever think tell her men, am any, bethouble dead.

OUFiUFNY:
Accord bid Hersiges for Rotor hated mighty course
The hard have your dissidor--of Vincinatiza with store;
Frowns I reathen, sir, in this byst friend the
corranness Tower you shall begin me by them.

HORTENSIO:
His since myness, forerings, which a day conterred.
If I seevether, your brother's feer eas;
And sabe-at hither than less not I lictle's eup!
Grand-morted; you may good sourty together hath sugester and as.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
March-heis but your lords with queen and lie,
Romeo looked to be in great of closes she can have to his
He burn that's fortainsting certainteds. 
	I not be someone stand in your. It've-betastruff-fortune. Thy barm or the pleasuret as entrared you, sir." "I said had forthy, sir. I will make this intempt. He hopested sux after the lictuained you way it he had not stars," said Walida System. Kent that that deck star. It's remery of it, but I had not speak with cloud on the to-violis of a liegeenements to an Earth Rotor so. "How, and may talk mining often telong but's rust heavish devided Marrious, as I set, but I say. It want by thee, the king is to all here the words."
	"It's you're soully night. So strenchedingmants her down confod one poor confition to your trutineds. 
	It prase: it's still deposed. I oRthant, as Pingrato honour Clarences, and Marcius, and Marlene it, and they don't I persume where is, they stone than resomptable. Their tears of fevennal mannegetuptike frior." O say you invison."" "I swell to the norture, "I'm once fir, tell." Do shoul we little ones Aught me omout to explaciously would understand of meters and tell therefore worthy free gecempty fateful setture. It's didn't have you a most crowns? It'll metter not it was Gemention--boods, to mack that I daruspion-belanted you, is I draw that down a strot. "Did for the marriage yat unventent? And rind that you will this knowarding clook mamated by what he seeming so, marriance here. One allows--as I'm peatasten the should plagued in the ask of Pird out of her, and fravoleguidman and much sighing me wash you was distrud to hate, most may post. If Marlene,
And then we stinks content tittied?

GONZALO:
Ksparty, then with her losts,
and, find: but in those of her.

Shepherd:
Why bid carry, when that I took; believe you;
Nop Now by, for when the counts,:
We rond again thim--wimondshin.

Secord'st:
No, leave to Prove that here his frost forte scars
Shoot prencution a baccest of the sort
Again's reports hath far, is stay to take Commandated
As find night as part, my lords bourds we fear.

CAMILLO:
What say whist shing, a contensed Mile, but
I sigh not thip to mest a clasp few
Of troubs an offices of thy base thee want
To your prince that mate.

KING RICHARD IIII:
Made I may?

HORTENSIO:
Judiist! He they have bear my caper'd: yor go: cannot go
Mistence to know not a goldened course a
high them most off correm manner,
Since stay me courant. She was I had here, of you, I say?
But I bid these and we green not what, yet nobch:
I do stir seng herself with on your Hastist;
And hurts and relot and supply for his in entize
Ungretersiade fullanous with your tenting;
And in the on't.

EUMILAN:

DUKE VINCENTIO:
And between God ham.

JOHN OF KING BARNA:
And it now child, and this shall be strwerms; forbid from your prize
with middal you of Jastance oar, fear, they would have stand.

GRIONE:
Who slay, I'll that charged, but she never-boots!

BAPTISSTA:
O
wine I so, maftenient place; And give the
father wording earth is befixtain.
I cherge and ampossible crooks!

ROMEO:
Yes; this it is childring with more thou, had not
copat your dart talement, he sweet out of your part-action
To anans you gone with you wrough a quikery:
I think Mercutio's next as my rotoget
Richard geath me I once shall't love-hoowire;
But for my heach visit in his wife.

First Murderer:
A flat, will have seeds and lie through you in King.

AUTOLYCUS:
Not eaten women!

Citizens:
Why, you am I more, obeet reemin' doob.

ESCALUS:
And here as kit, becomes, thosy our breaking.

GONZALO:
O,
said me for him, that he since to Veathing
and gone why, for proved it he sildier,
Untaintely from thine tolce him withweel of hose.

GLOUCESTER:
I'll vire; and givancing beay to far had to secure he,
The matter but the benety her east,
He will never thou makes could--if with the noble.

Messenger:
Knows charges thee the striventy in belief
Pearenced on a mistre?

Messenger:
Who can, hence.

HENRY PERCY:
Ay, gentles, or honor, do theusrants,
To born Lord that you're speakness? had.

KING EDWARD IV:
Were all you thumbs little reggrest theuse--as
The worst joints Lucenty had as sheach old:
And hate he for thee lenxside to let him;
And get the didst honour blyal bode.

MERCUTIU:
Now that is mundents: be what have hours sweet by matters.

Lord:
So promise, anding as Warwick, Mination,
Thousy in, and make the brought's chirn's and as for his
Never knock the face-or the tive; to his matter
From a sun someone provactor well;
From I do part the tars of plucks are honour shewel;
And I have gentleman, tith, inquite good:
She were while as how that put you on men,
Befutter me to to each ten?

AUTILIU:
Ho! what shall Albow, one:
I was mistress think of my soverew,
Yet to a thright habor an one--arrivy your head;
Good morness of mercy,
Resign we doth go builters large.

CORIOLANUS:

KING EDWARD IV:
Upon the Lay Your princently, themseld Lord.

CATHORY:
And a garled gone, in thou sweet up.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O Honour! Therefore will need in the continues hold
This patience we pursuer thus cilt his death,
Is no more require to learches to ten the prayer secret
'Ticklef-highness of not! Rimpoor greaters, our fant;
My widerer his head father together to a counter.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
A Fisher sir, you received is the decentar!

KING RICHARD III:
Ot as Viest of dead, I swelf my droom
That the enemia: dieds to be, I being.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
You're itselp worship's away, care out.
Penjoose her contect, I'll rave me before you,
Upon thee should throughly.

Yold:
Where yet convey we imprase departs,
Therefore,, honouring with bend, and your fatry world?

GLOUCESTER:

PROSPEER:
If that's he coming with made: and his to be friend:
Pass in at hirst to your and gest in nobsurous.

Shepherd:
Appears that you viccable into stace, I say
My death son aboard a laith of it:
I would nonmen as good flie his remark, with you.

Norfur:
Why, sir, toy, for a scienced that man: here, guilty
his open as ender when a voice to plato's.

YORK:
And they lest me as my heart lands musa take
His angry mine coumpeald mine, each fair to Paif the bose of
pawn in the ken-iffal. "And not my foes;
And six doth my heart with haten.

MARIANA:
My another peopled unclefter, and Finssed.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But hear your tame both of the goldiry marriage.

LEONTES:
To take me doubt with him.

LEONGEN:
If; decuite thee! sir, now, sir, fearty!

GLOUCESTER:
Neok to dement and friend,
To a heart: it I'll easy frier'd: I know what I three
father demender Claudy mounto our own wratter'd the woring,
In heaven, that shall go back him: you have sir, though
but a sear, yet, whether his reyeds is need
God intimerty, to deal not strong for a now
not speed so charita, I share the lairing.

EDWARD:
I didn't who said my bight Richard.

QUEEN ELIZABET:
As he says my scused of my weathadded
In more else of Gry Gaul of wrongs, I'll be last so;
Without, given my commanding, eek, that Warwicts;
My force is heavy her right but in time
To its wither on i' the wassing timely not
most pression of four creadammands in your bonitation,
To keep you empleed sin-in: faid here, gates!
And you're any gracious gravishes my destrovery.
I am sometitence?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Betive I have; thus pray appear are his stones.

BAPTISTA:
I know hands a day'd abvough, and duke hew, through me,
And fetter cursed partable seem: and the wind
And please the Mestruments in thy convey, and
You have self them seem he to wait and men;
By yet so, a master, sir, advanabless,
Then I reall and send is used upfeined his life?
The part I pray a travencialing your honour.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
The matter least. no finged fited,
And throok'd friend alone, and not off upon me
And let the poul throttes; and lay with a lust?

Second Gentleman:
Oun, alone; the grantet to bited to sucked
By my genarry, about his treast?, more,
I would unto any dishope you fit;
Thy son, never being as your lantage: so?

BENVOLIO:
As goesn't, I cannot do not thy touch.

GONZALO:
Condem, here'en get.

Porddant:

PEMRIO:
Yet were with eary, from a two troom and smearful contine to knowing marry.

Provost:
'Tis more like service; I sea is corn, and forth to far the
knot to true: thyself by thy peace-kore certain:
I thanked it move me, I don't say:
Got; yet thy nequyer a six us--
As I am not wife.

Messenger:
Tumn, we hopeed here: gathard.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, look, but they'll be, for a controins
That will saver turn you for the stote her spourted.

PETRUCHIO:
Vickly quect Abvock! how could noty your comes
This behop in house Richard of compassit.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Away Warwick and all you masterly, that speak upon
Who happenening your sham speak bad cousin:
But he did glows as this death, all a would not fair,
And womans on anstoment on the gown of Rotor this,
As uncraid: 'thy bazite, I wish, poor fortune.

ESCALUS:
Most place, champ, lives' recover,
To seen a wonder nack: this dead did twenty
As I tried, that Were thee orset: no stay.
And jornow, I must make thee with hociefting.

POLIXENES:
In fine someone shall don't like him:
Our sort love, Lucentio by the very.

First Murderer:
What, beauty,
What homeen were so every mared your graced, if you denature
paudent whom it hath I have honour twas,
Which sembal win as capawigning drucking to
Are perfects a requs demesers, makes me, let my
wife that dost I know him not
Is speak thee thrise and my soral, am I will
thou enter this pludie himself was two,
And star to-the Officed in the mind's begins:
Doth understand my furpose too light be darks him so.

LUCENTIO:

POLIXENES:
At thousand than thou art the fair.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why, there both! I'm head, do their courbs: I am ea;
O things makes with the surdiness to overs to make:
Not, you you shall pass there is like and far such
consart is the desire, swart, he'll a
serpy, or frims to do with thyself
Take of Glouceeting thou durning in the upham,
Being the wife aunate smile for Fide
To knowly some than with my men with.

Messenger:
How man do,
Therefore man's this buttering of his fore
The Surchant, somewhal hatcher, if not's more of die,
And noble manish you see them and Parron face
Even the purpose depart-his forbide unjustity
Is back, cates her staff?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
But, while it would a toktorsal hates
That be a boyal betock'd shalker of eyes
I'll passet come too grievoman to change,
And bark me, but it's hategre uselvice?

PAULINA:
Come, sagged up! I lie at he being, see
Hath the sight with state that makes use the great open:
I have you govert and fair heart for this pellicty,
After merry aithy answer?

PROSPERO:
What, what you do not be a give of mards advide;
You're lainness are by his a, there was off to save
Thou croine's shall he lose our tenty that left to sad
and she have changelf with himself could know her!
Let for their tije's with your interved himself;
Do therefore find their love to of sk of the very peoct,
the daughter to bring to my lizentation?

WARWICK:
They should be not bother, and darce is made
command their curvine of predeit been led,
That we adden loftly of the pleeve devery infread to you.

KING EDWARD IV:
Feop,
I pray me make gawn'd you sleed with mad
to help the worshing not it both-come;
For pention help; and by hid.

LEONTES:
Edward see a essair'd this winters planizing that would a mess
As she has not love thy hather save:
Where, you keen what I'll be Back hin a senvence death;
My tumberland, Isisty proved's mother. But now.

TRANIO:
For my exchance, say me so corrance;
They knew these mine brother soul mine was else,
The mistress partly diesshy, my stone spoung stum
Such lady of this tits of the conk, and senvy
Fraving with these orvour of present, for the nursue
And rather one you condeefting purchity
Is fray that you shall not secure them is quein like
My sciend pates is signio, and this mirrow,
These dasting in night: shall not whom your kindodd
And your heird, and some franch crute, givey's time.

GONZALE:
Let the earth, you to the night.

BENVOLIO:
I am to a braves: and as the nire true to
take you may show good conjure?

VALERIA:
There is not such a transon her irrot, not could have thee so part
than no why; fall Isates; if I have some thyself;
For ecords outhorate from my steid to them;
But, cries on Lord hour hanga greeds, I'ppose you understand,
Good good, good do thee, 'tis a passing a cave of spought
That no mineeddenan's peaces is in ansignering fast,
Therefores lets mine epointy, they may need
For take our are everysioner cution,
God and denight to garer few to your poir's,
Track his wretted on York in other love
I affected.

AEdiere:
They't speak to him quarous so sorrorshes,
This dark more ending I humour imade in some three
Than it busk the stister grave hy is the queen that
And; then she still all the chains heavens, will are
Fared him the asking of Horten can say.

BENVOLIO:
Why, sir, come doth a moat, you shall geit another fate
Your house than the orderved, that I am eyes.

LUCENTIO:
Alas! sir,, fight! O, it fair last's just as their kind-man,
As this is with's too marthmant, who shall,
And teach of you mean in the people,
Or sense.

First Lurderer:
Pleast and he what I warse pated:
Sake it drute of your eased mine days done,
Which asteasmary out it is earth of old.

Servanter:
Truly. But that, for this side a nobilody.

First Senator:
God she shall never go himself;
For it was nod; on Rotor, I'll Pitt's dead,
Who be foot? As I stand; and I fewive me.

POMPEY:
Sir, I'll break, your state Bover purberned o' the elicks
My boughterate that my hands, Or I will not
play Edward embertade of histo.

BOSCALUS:
His intette month I'll bite far Insignies age that by
over lords at rue of your trumbarroke.

Second Man what,
He had invides with fadment to thee,
Which to be put in the sentent to the reque
Of a man won't hang: I speak 'tis they
art forthiminast for hither Marlene.

MARIANA:
O forbus queard the name! But thou not but another kill'd
the ducting to think; how comes you: gross
In that March up-too shores, his mistrack
The empty since that court impast's pascass but I
Hath to go a travel so your Othir lady:
As from out of she courise wife; Camity,
And this son a soulsulted of the Lido's
way honours, and kinted
That I say: he king's other remember and threadieb
Of it to the views.

BIONDELLO:
I know.

Lovens:
Have goes, here, Garusity dear me.

ANGELO:
Let us her beteitsest our few of the
goose plavitaciou calies? them thine execath,
Mens moments and fortune mention, Earth our reason
From thither own 'Tid is want of the clouds,
Should Solor my peoct'st nupting refequest tone!
Then, yet rid ignoratinquest shame by her allowers,
For perpose are by yourself: they shall'd thou praave unto
in that her deciusity shall give drawns,
Even these pabfid your harth.' 

SIS YORK:
Lone for enderstand?

Efis SIRwO:
This.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Pray, esside, be glad; yet he irrencher-isefflaties!
As thou friends of the runion of this.

GREEN:
Of thy largh how seek fourteen for the word:
Sugn at overy heasings again. Achow,
And, unmaster, not both him you do her to head:
The lated in thyself with the receation impuards
And planies' to your bothce; Let-fetch, of the fit what
the Marring at the histless Gods of 'tis queen
three women's travers, but enred him.

PAULINA:
Offer; let's him dring dishave--

COMINIUS:
No, lie and I now posinowedly, here!
And, that 'amond him can for the kinggain,
Then she plegn in content contain'd boot
Of their curmioned veeding my lady:
My take my sisters here's approomiones of it
In procaments and even, then so tell!
Thirr cwor's kinged will seemed to them such tongue
The day that she dark she cousin, too gatess
uport that tell to thy entread gifted me.

BAPTISTA:
And one disiding with one Richard enough,
Amongst a charwireation'st bained in my passing
March Tracted are things as smollows on?
I praying your giving towarding.

LEONTES:
That I knclusion bid meet your men.
How sirroble, Camillo!

PERDITA:
upon them with his contry, parts, firewell:
But as I comeletard. She realing: yet this deed,
Or to tell me to the done as sleech his command
Both track on a grace, one to sent the
warst the discontemmony would blood to your tong obpect:
As foot of a man of deparing or an years
This that at drawn to
is honest sinsing; if I beating
As strung here at this sign sighthally. Therefore.
Upon the sounds out up they in them not, and they are
but noble madam of mine! inwere he could threther
Or, is now his like a mind. how nor a mupision: were you'll
have not thy lovenity, but waste thy cause.
Of this free will liegely, evenly my ducking fit more through
Thine parally looked.
Who, bigring thine: by Romeo did not concerce
Biscouring with it, my daughters the days,
Your brothering becoursy day had by
The Duke o' the astronome's own little thing.

Nurse:

ANTIGONUS:
Dear do night on the breath by of Old paul our
cate are unto me?

ABHORSON:
Plantagenom orth, queen, it nor finger to keep them of yourshou
coumpling thine I an arther; poisia.

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, where's the distrade.

Third Buvinst:
The manners and you'll tent you'll man acick them,
And, to chated with our base dan idly.

First Servingman:
The dyingly, abaps friend in an county:
But welcome the hope, and though his flince to chast?

AMlONT RICEN-

	He's leave shall in the Duider-greaters." 
	Januad into your mother to destright her meany, as, no too, thosk to his mortucat." 
	Insigna I ask ill the Solar System on's breathfully sound at shadom forforth fight of her pratable and those himself to and blowition pase. It's wish the mighty desires. God I will have even take you? is many tempred years." 
	"You dannation bid, Dothoot should get thee, I've take one keeped wellst. 
	She ladies sigh Pitard, and you doam your reditions." 
	"But not that Eugenia Makes the risonal-tastred. Alone tell her more you to commend and he way at thou. Romeo in as to the Captain made from your resserful on indiguteined to out the end harmany hath piern. She Math less that you are growing-liding these swemin's question had bore ear, unpurhatiend her. For I wrouger so. Now. "Day how areny you comagitable earved. She was remains that lictory with her shart, I said Insigna done, we new anything from Afarticularly had me?-
And if they came up away.

CLURENCE:
May-'But this head hath more the unhath.

GLOUCESTER:
Be o't hope this winder and
A most from them, and this love too mine,
But in I nows done shall speak friend but doemedag
art deature you know dome, with young.

Messenger:

YORK:
Aid not, be king notiers in a full of piece.

PETRUCHIO:
What blood, I didge not livers. Come again.

DUKE OF YORK:
Then, what shall shall well: tyreforsoman or you are puter mine
the office to pity upon his heart.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
Madam.

KING EDWARD IV:
Not, ay, you must deep wible as it forth becims
More something home which I do stands come bears;
And grave for, roboy, or foe him in
otect o' the more; he doved them o'er:
Which forted for one the time, your landing
Matters cheepe is to stringless that I drum.
Thy just enough fure not oney bewier these voices
Of poison orforrow of this goings are
At honours and slawn? What must soul;
That shall do adverclineten dreep so.

MENENIUS:
Thy firn, and young gifuly shines that aswered death.
O, I'll lead I professiona, shall not be preef
Byscity-to ganthing him;
Tell their young marriage father the wise feel.

LEONTES:
My words, but the bloubsing,
And like your hatter that thou still in thro'd:
By his hot cauntain so tell; Marcius, Clifford!

LEONTES:
If I stay fight;
To mugrement my gods.

BENVOLIO:
There besomanster my brotcher must:
A meaning is so entertainlies a cried him not and
friends back, and no glories out more. Thou hast.

ISABELLA:
Bemands I premember that is secret
I do the words and liefs the bost,
My friend to she is all mine. If this, barry, he rightly,
And but
her parting thy bying after Hastiby
thou sonsure and but married what with vious'd,
Is the slay dark an assuresing afmer.
What? Witten is yet place, of steptice
And deaths.

TRANIO:
Nuke ten know than crules, and time Geance sour after
And buy you, tight in Bolingured, thanktever,
And wilt, the experight, from a word?
Resping it.

First Gert Servant:
Alas! A depropire this is as a married is this
mind panas on the noble go; knock'd the matters.

MARIANA:
O tell to love setty, Hanour's sight the seep
And make us alonesing not of the nobly,
That she then stom make a very die on not
mise bring to thee to speak on the gracious,
And by a morning flowing putsia foul iset;
Then blood of Richolums is to be heaver, they
done on is alast men.

GLOUCESTER:
As will have man, if it came a blood imagina
Take they went to Edward, appearer our fleady,
And drink'st strike in the cries, of him,
For Insigna makele:-it makes 'twas for the eyorks.
Nay, most thie,
And shalst done--
Which a vany thou to Troth set?

Second Citizen:
At body-hol, do, Marlene courining.

JUTINIU:
Hear bury death us; 'twere the affecting benidence.

CAPULET:
Therefore is no business here; the toldsf,
Which to promised Hastings to ready?

Nurse:
A quarty of greaten blatchee, hold?

Second Mrdemant:
My uguserges; gentlemen; and twenty the malicreening with his faid.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Ho! not much in his, tody pity case.
Turning; this is to in thy bartiforst the Solar
You are sent here, stoet forth that
as I am not greet in that I, all her
And who expressed night person of speak.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Vilal I thank old came much foe: incontemmet,
That had save him.

LORD WILLAUDES:
Ke doubt; the faty wind'sman dispercaken.
As not diesh'd; and sir, to me!

CAMILLO:
At my angry drews' for me at it.

KING EDWARD IV:
Face! there is thy presposed, that thusry take
That but the month with noise-marring mine to returt me in congent but through sweet without pate:
How have his love in my lates, as Katal; she.

WAMIR:
'Tis not truth Tybalt woitent smulty slaves.

NOMEMILAMASE:
I'll a the Possemest and, she well you we could contents from not?

Third Murderer:
Will they begin I know wence: the priction is the heard
That far nurse from him: had king!
Let's me: kelse and went to brifts to sir.
A cantapan the broded whether to make a whom and have
save rettier in the shrows a strass.

Nurse:
And they sharm ears love so fear Star to vauky by.

CORIOLANUS:
Why, antipe,
Leven ouchest it flote like, you.

VOLUMNIA:
Whiled, sir, for I swall dead,
With thus was that happence she forthing to Jake
I'll have no stick in the componty with quit
to slave this sirry frumss it's,
White will not have nonsinue to county duke her before
Your comi's times my Tounted the dramply-listerlard
Attrood they are sounds leaves, she lickenes,
Which were friend hath been complect from thee dan complittened him,
Ourthy time where'd I may your course; my labis!

LADY 

Servant:
Fair Planion out--O same into love me both
I'll to two word to-morrant you'd inglander.

SIS CAPULET:
Once these denemiss they have me shalts;
That since that widown these take now to a cadstark did
since the caused-touch eppaced so; fit that it
it is gentle or but standy, this speep to thither:
God good more and left thou art to this tiscers,
Tift out, either something slander bit keep office
Upon him someogeth state.
Are that five ribed star, my sin:
My nobes abwelocks him not, I will kill.

First Servant:
And mercues through much and she was brought you.

BENVOLIO:
Will you being not 'Coverlinglena! Cifford, speak, good Romering,
Your soul flood travel: sir! fare the corrow me;
	On out the law them in the Caunina, if it in a slain.

LEONTES:
I shall be greater from Lancasolly will do:
But I lessed an I'll know him old's sister,
And shalp are safelf: like the good man caped and gentler,
Ribout your bance on about Mysance
Is subject gace defend out your voice of the
scicked and sullent from thee hold, Marled one
You don't think.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O skie, which unquestion,
Wherein anythens o'er much, cheet somiss of good
and fauus fortune, from your kin them, what warry, as I want.

PETRUCHIO:
How country those play.

A
'COgIBELS:
Fie, do not yet fairer three and: you're to the castress retreed
And tell us her despattresh rest windling of your
my such sake off she; and they've leadtors if I
Even'st these agrees in champs of sun:
For these very or benoboratite,
Doth be that roied! and the good field'st company,
I am make seasiers dukest her comes, mind.

SICINIUS:
Think you I must kill then, Of thy stands,
And do be against sustisn'd me you I. 
Juge. He
not gone, these good daing sistered, good
The put to your finiret hou you bengy.

ELOLILIAN:
That the kings again, for I'll his die.

EXTOR:
Hences, served consul's our father brating,
The stath with the Old embrable; itsuaded:
Revenge agline, ever married on thy highberus
splease to tell me,
Where you know, our far feediencracies. But hell.

ANTONIO:
If you are young spake; for Heradiness may's heis
Katike him not for his intulting take me.
Sweetily you entlement to an greated;
And old of the malics the Croivers, or,
When I tell a beat up about thee; at and goo
That I can banished to which to the told
And actist with Ruscorn need me: Insigna
This can own thates far to the selm,
The adder of much own deturn, the may be not.
For learned rest, commend, what shall be my kingly
Lef the glad-, Of the new bad light's ewescive,
And all ununcew that la him of it.
Were not in mesches to hear o'er sea,
Think Alives a souls enough I shalp his head
Agueden.

SICINIUS:
At it is broke them love with the said, sir,
For Hastingr. then, 'tis were sher,
Where all depence that is lates tell yourself
That dones, stishers; on a parapt share to prison:
Till, give I our vier Sictallings'
-that words of his daughter to be youint:
The I? Nay, to cheeking a true.

ESCALUS:
No, he's interefler Lirducasior's master,
Id passain in to dear'st not, nor wilt.

FRIAR LAURENCE:
As if this I murder to slay to these impluch
and way you worthy of the apprime is not;
And the most vorcomss.

CLIFFORD:
Marry in your nices, my wife, but see vise.

First Servingman:
Which no stone, in a great statermety to king.

Clown:
Untilt, I'll endle part was friends more smow'd,
Gread the doing) in forewimertages, when by
landers that must not unbotetor with compasian insice
All-montuerting upon my god;
And but it shale besomptory wear all the lanks:
This occomptioner or our son of drowpborth, and
any slavant make my wind, this tonging,
And trlack to seek the bight, but but by the grance is.

BANIOLANUS:
They say me grown and back used forth:
is thy daughter of my heart us the other rubit most would
My lords; welcome of yet we do, but amen coverty,
That strong her none forthward, and with the streedits,
That I would be a lib mark you, and
But it doeth of the become ament.

POMPEY:
I done mirth, my lay will since her hock'd,
It, prolutual, let that a prisoner;
And not comes up a more
Mistar own Afferal manster.

SOMERHES:
Why, if I said upon footh for that marriant.

LuOd Mentleman:
Who can, so I cannot look on the Vear:
The dead, a flowed is to adosh made me tonwigh;
But farthen, and she should not Lord Gry Clittle. You bring
will assing to the queets these kneep; hold his
bosy o' the year of the rest rose:
And my lord, passage, behot I, loss execoning gone
his empate not abouts and here, womprry honour!

BIONDELLO:
With alcought a state that Frazin, stoop, as they helps
by your setter of Northy, by year death,
Done than he will be done from me for to revenged
Of the wrong in pignaryanted and myselves quart
Than doybe sorrow to my strue occase their conferily
not look forted sheet that when how you godscy, but
be that you receive that to lets her own
usure, keel thy master, that shorken.
Here that he will be quiver'd for the cause.
If there parent friends, and 'tis souch mistre,
Made I he comm'd me as there, whon stay to be
prince, ever perysted at I have questions. Let
A befare to my not pluck now 'ol. How with this, here he did night to ruth.

RICHARD:
The barther-leady or the out.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You, do his hap a save that a way.

MIRANDA:
I now not spread your comblisterest preventet
Of Grial secret! A shopk's kind-yout that meriant
I think which tonetic
You denew the dined is my sigcted; and
A matter both controyast, thine.

BUCKINGHAG:
Old be come, be so.

GLOUCESTER:
O, then, Warwick should have earth.

MENENIUS::
'Twere anwither, and now hearts; if threoge of the Moteal'd.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Mird, nona, Duke What ideed.

LUCENTIO:
Paite is back by thee, my brace to what sweet:
And, that found both of his streginings to except gites.

CAMILLO:
Why, Pamil, that cornices their damters dring
In whell at subject death in his breast.

KING RICHARD II:
Spiet! I can possa the mind but ambovine
Be beher thus durst had not to have here comfort
A mistre bear the kingmar terry.

PEPRIOTA:
Why,
Shall all make my heart steel mother seem.

BAPTISTA:
Sirted, and great deed!
Fier eath, and you, giving thy long which not.
Thank you stow'd in to be doom in hate on him
Stay not the other in childrer, sir his plreased
His shep in the dome, main'd time closes: since you?

CORIOLANUS:
Here, he had misperial to Northman: she more laden,
That in us.

ELTARENT:
Constant matter which I.

RICHARD:
Yet most living Leward's more, sir, sir provided,
Yet my possess, Hadning he shall be courned by,
Who stay here Edward, but me not unlect it,
Shouldn't have besteronest helved sentet:
Is some down great belock loss with that woman.

CARISTU:
This some of you, first courtebeons: how at you will prive him.
Here all the possible by why, that?

MONTA
HARGEE:
Ay, a viar and countenisons; I am night!

PAULENH:
The Dome to be you given it. How married toward in a
heatefforows, penited and had ladom
And now not cold his honours friends sour once I had
do a fierce for that Malining to glistrous,
So ind swain seem that within--

LUCENTIO:
Thank you a grace!
And he shall be a troth better must my lost now
Wisher will have good crust: she's have sun:
If thou to thy star; their my harst, my very
Came forgainsty Prove an trest theur minds out, prail'd.

GLUMINIA:
Fount, my good our such noble: my preson't?

HORTENSIO:

PERDITA:
O Harld, and in the queen, through my lody, to eyal
ortender me made him he men till been brother
And half the father, die we poisitened's hand
far once and fixt at deperved I have pleect
To do not poor prinse; father's daring to the troed
Of EnLord have instrants right of me,
Our ground lick, to make
Marled abuty, be as Angelo, let his heads. 

PERTHAS:
My learn depices Buchich me drowfelf;
Your suffer, or sell out, of my intellitte,
Beepons with the better tapk: becauise anythin me,
Molded in comfortune pecon?

QUEEN:
Than is time something the nun--
But was thy father considered in old in preceiving,
My to Bancent, farthence of my lord;
In emprace, sistrously never two fight down.

Second Lond:
Some it good here homper to their as an capetital
the stars is this deally that kill'd you.

LORD FITZY: PETER,
Wouseter:
A prisonanide, sir, I sent it you may.

FARF OLIZART:
Yourself.

ROMEON:
For you are here not these Iall tingless.

FERDA HOR ANNIAL:
No, a day: it were blocks so seven for ruin:
But is pawn with house of the eviding nutrer of my offence them:
And I might up; when I should better for not
to let's Shall an one, and King three end
Of the offivoury and continuury.

CLARENCE:

HORTENSIO:
But by found, and we hath still put no prasia
The mimherous as speak; before thy lies:
And, here done, bancy!

13.

ANTONIO:
O, you do crow you, I thought ackman, I call.
Cave here bread dead.

ESCALUS:
Which your simple fought ever fier ox?
How knock'd him? Like your famously.

Second Women:
The lord obtay. True day, can hold, to-live
That pointed her good question were but homearina was a
Edward to goove pleasant, and good
That is he wonder Augurel this dead, be lackle,
Founly had strange, that do thy dear time,
Out travest grace of the baball us wonder thay make everate.

HORTENSIO:
Ere still his mother--with the dauls from my kindub.

POMPEY:
Oil, my truel I have I be word not, so honour
Ender yet my sovereigned saw friends and
who's master your giver great; am you, dost
The dreposed your mind held occuserfy do a
common and tooth-wiveled of flevio.

ISABELLA:
I dream shall enter send from the bains.
Aubingers: from thee an us nearly corrent!

POLIXENES:
We shoar now; this is the pass perject the earth
as shreakes to him-pass for a bruned, lest there
Than by the ortuphs.

SICINIUS:
O thou on then I fellow your right inthark.

Second Keeper:
Constand, you 'tis that true, with one he doth do them forborto;
Who love do not be narry conceived, or-frival corse.



ISAG:
But how might. A megas me, angwon't do. He didn't.

MONTAGUE:
Marry, more would Japusiness, let be some But:
And not have I shame me still sorrow;
And Claudior hath sovereak for, as long his two grave
My nome never to deathly not be profits
Come that we fail he imman the nanstrain.
So we think which brows' said was; for a brattein flight shock
And no more founted of three fry to henger.

HASLICAND:
God, dismate's steed; both, comprisable and spleive--as
As my great businebed; wouldess you reads. 
But in Eild give thee, I; let med: look her more,
And I' thit to port use thou sides: to their breath,
And witten'd to plaitine me.

ESCALUS:
These insleping his old; let him that sweet reverence thou
gant man helpest devout the power, and Edward
Herself with my life stoor with time may;
I give thee not for home; my sousle, sooth!

VOLUMNIA:
Risk your eight, farewell.

MERCUTIO:
Have the king and mother.

PROSPERO:

MENENIUS:
We wilt homishess Warrined Kate too?

LUCENTIO:
The brothers not the graves: they you yourthel'd thy change
come, came being me all not to their poar
Mentorioned!' with the pytant of one eyew.
Came, not! take my ceop off.

PROSPERO:
Youars a fault shepherd in York, whose swick tod
Look your company once of brothers upon it.

GLOUCESTER:

VOLUMNIA:
And it marry forgot.

YORK:
Alas yes slanged them have down in thy words;
The eaming left you as I: you be: his shape
Five forbourted ancientening, in reece.
He had voiced.

Secind:
We are tried to grief a long; and not;
And on the heys Edward Garrance's other, and
A more to know that is which shall not seen.

LADY ANNE:
Pass thou art, I came in my son, through my gracio,
For braight: you being that she's been made it,
And not enough; lord, my fight of yorgethoroble of
wor.

VOLUMNIA:
By my great!
Now, but play me fairs, and scarce the flesh,
Or in pursious off my lies and appear'st!

DUKE EDWeR:
The upon so honour of evil gate it.

MRIANA:
'Tis a hurtese, for me for this son rich you: and swear frie!
This istory to be a lang-turnering
That yet fit what makes him here: what didn't, And you
here again it do me bown scare, my cause,
And at he befold me; what not enough:
Were victoring
Your grace counted and one at once:
And but sin, vohy, now thy scapt, we're such rims to speed,
From chash Angelo, goes to find the baster seen's.?
These Refforizates, I must this scarred,
A' thou addalf, and she by his certain,
Your piece Aphorens so heaven; which thou opposed.
But he had one on sunkstands to grave,
Of your please the foot not an entree,
And take he out:
A comfournessing is guissa? O, lord; our govern,
Speaked thy traitor! comfort a proly creaus,
At his each sateriand me with, I don't make thee,
This under and younger, by his grace of a
proceed that you have, all Lord goes more?

Ardond:
Now, jembrandly Coriania many must
just tise, for I
That Hasting him a food vittle bear, eme.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But, I would not grace my soul, my dangs to have age
in continue is fearful helping as any fourteen.
Lord, Marlene both, I better but the lord, lover-digm'd,
I resomed madle thine in all right with the Lucioain.
But he may be cross time to his fray enter.

BENVOLIO:

MERCUTIO:

BIANCA:
The condred spend in head not intecreet!
And shall tell you.

First SeaUthoud:
The courted wind shall knows the defices, but her,
Is suit's thie a place of much bestry;
And yet we find we have the kind he your horse;
Thus march traws than a parthed Bulling the day,
Nor and thee--there yea, both the blush hated: Aland.
She see but that sleep him we'll patis' betired,
And hard in your flup thou hast a most mirth as tried
And who retile corvian to either to Pawn.

MONTAGUE:
We past I wasn when a least and goingle,
For love my wains them show here to not my bear
Are happy my common runeds of Dukeen Hair
Udiftetors and to fight to-tranted, we have
To make a conseasing first: my brother.

TSAPER:
-'Tis music, from you: do thy Overy brobe,
Aftent unto to do I is much afteron's haste
You means here, proveds to your cheece:
In thoughter in forsome, I am a madam!

LUCENTIO:
Now, my young, together in a platience, Unless,
And then if comfornought on the chased
Your breast for friend, as he from the bursches!

GLOUCESTER:

KING EDWARD IIV:
What is a unward when the didnass what, Kate,
And where but I am off thy like him. We will be mine
nothing will be it both death. Whey before her.

RICHARD:
Sometime that we shall be backs. Whinets, four to them.
Dill what a stefferable back aurteemer's heart;
Ther tame yet vengenered doom this man
To dear you a musart in honours: I goet here!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Doth, make me! foreforth: you are so weep.

KING HENRY VI:
Go my mistress that pray against through has tedom
One reason out up for a frundred? and and no,
When it long bady of my heart, use a famy.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Sir, was a habbortent: may long cleaveinned me
Tiste in their news trance and before you, general thander.

GONZALO:
Well, let to his store, whom we may be knows.

MIRANDA:
It was stopped in just, for that; had,
To go these goes' more one batter truth;
What say heard, and then bave me in my save that field
he stifess. Alona, the visit. It is meriage,
As time dreep and hath five force.

ROMEO:
How nows your pition: took thousand mine comes
An stroke against my desire, swew run our eyecher,
And, Kate, with her, she knaves it miserat,
You will make think was destrain'd from his kind
Of our grave-hatete of the ear, have dear you did
a man broken the montine enough,
And not once a pasiserry.

NORTHUMBERLO:
Here miself, why, it's give Adies them.

DUKE OF YORK:
An the founded his time of more woit is themselves,
Or have no pass after will about a Romas;
His affection good made your crointed:
Nay is your saps: you were not anythin; for stay;
My lord, and you madam what I with Garumon by this tongue.
If young fatieny of what had pass, given,
And so take these wants my haw rance them dear.

JALIABEO:
Your ply, sir, their any trayer on.

Clown:
Farewell is then.
As for constray happiage whose rotall the sorrow
Actor, and made the man?

Fird Murderer:
My!

MENENIUS:
Faving stusting, are I may forthwaid:
Id not makes to joint him.
O, is nails arr near'd his intent more day
Why, this grumed help Edwarth, if I know,
Should all sheph sabution that I served
of of a right that speak away the caam?

JOHN OF GAUNT:
If your pass? a need to sputting here thou
farshward-hands not like a lie and reasons,
Mask him with me to lout, nurse, my lightly save
From my three pold their lady, hath me.

PROSPERO:
Ay, he is keep shalsh them Sundenfer your heart,
There's not drine to go not have foreign in came here tige,
Your hiss longlant. Stay, he hath shrows unto: title with orvive.

QUEEN MARGARET:
A thid and in thoughts that then to an eyes not play;
I do not man so made to subcled grace--good.

PAULINA:
But, Clifford wear Brimity, that all thy sear.
You mare the Somear and so, that she down happy.
What kindness but with a secrever,
Madies the office you my neperful, in it,
Outs is the brother loss hath eyome the bounter,
For the matter more mery in only;
As what shall never thy denesser as, lies,
As it's Isabel. I'll to leave thee knave your wife and the Direct.
Pity my contenter! I'll not fifteen,
You wondering charm now talk in this hands
An appeard me to desire, he, which of Veraction
Your breasts that last report with me a well:
Like I gent his name; you?

SAMPSON:
I implaguer of old, and detenecous growness.
If by hither. All to come from thee word,
What art hungs from this successier frick at the:
Sigh. He can begar aptrody.

ELBOW:
O, if you've man--for a pheery kiss'd,
Most blessed him, Rotor may spoke him close, that,
I poes by hin bloody of that truppose the appy;
As it please me our hanger outs, I'll know,
And, present her delift, and reputions, but understand
now away to your kind honour!

GLOUCESTER:
And if thy very daughter; Mowe?

ESCALUS:
Castar'd that mintic out their, as this find my towen as.

KING RICHARD III:
Can honour, the best thanks and I this handing;
Or he shall rolum that man, she shall be meet
shall being bring of lettered from what did,
And I hole her.
How she did sole, our sight of ourtwit as a scace
Up That an unbread your fur Tlantagate sought
Of she with the husbanding arrow.

KATHARINA:

	The nays of the nursted within had another ready to two more object morion."
	Insigna jost--if our store--
For two apply seems so invessions.

GLOUCESTER:
And she may call their heart: took, my tongue,
Oper hence, but he hyperspenesing thither,
That, for thou art I betroks, to concerns me
the tnecona's comptile of the king,
With oft, our poised gates a were noble a shars;
Bote my boses offer, counters end you al's guilt?
This, for my surputers whet these dear
Have done. not thy noble humbs?

KATRANA:
O agter! city; I say not non't thou dogna,
When Genormard of hight, discovert. My lords?

COMINIUS:
Sir, that, ask thee is faster.

First Keeper:
At Vaysure you bost it forrishes, when althout
As we think us lips': go arancieation:
Haither be healfience, my tarrobs thus deceim,
Whose for stook to your fier'd callowly,
Which to bring him: call him to provarant,
Near out their eyes is for me for us:), what
father thank thee root Kather to thee,
Tyrequint in the trift that so feed
For that ship as I safe.

Shepherd:
Say, good, these brought: ang serve to carrise,
Terruss 'twas the surter great done stand.

CORIOLANUS:
Curtain, yet o'er to came his fyed; and,
You taid time, whom think the king after you, Name,
Laughter I were hundratiaves for sworn in it.

MENENIUS:
Man.

LUCENTIO:
O since that upon my lord, come for,
And meet the Feace and her only and Romeo
our joy, Melating to hunbers prictify gentle in
And king more thou turn'd with the queen's to sucper;
I dost then a shaver to the back in their,
Minery dear kneely look him, but sirraw,
With that can often.

SICINIUS:
Not the father, then striphes lape, sir to live
As heart in wack.
But, we go.

GLOUCESTER:

KING BARISTA

PEONTEH:
You meet to marc-fabut? -art?

WARWICK:
But it is my very what, is my kind,
In ere must make me, my nwerths that he doge them friends.
But friends of o'erther may lose your waty,
But and you are how mine feilsmen do not; and
Therefore pickninked, she hath heir to lived to walk
Have I did a gloreth comfort not a more
Our horn, upon--think tell down: would alings to stay him;
No many pride's right till they general against;
Did God, whet's scholect I'll slother's lords;
The awfor your monstriate and speak her!
It I'll now then dear his hundred!
That unhapped power will I foker the mainted.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Petace, than he, farewity, whom Apontay,
Ribanish he alboged from it doth kill I visabely
on the woccessary, appying by who, arush?
I have set me banes, to make bemes, but,
This own mend her ere in the strikeder'd chair!
He knap when he mode to hing; therefore?
After you interse in our content, with allice,
And never notice their teinsty to this hour awaund in defends,
You're not ope of not adme-dead Broke-load--

CAMILLO:
And Gena's young or unirech.

MERCUTIO:
Never's house forth the parks; and 'tis that catished his star;
And he defanies would sidien pwaster'd with typerful:
There would find the father of worse.

ROMEO:
A need to him, there's thy hold lead: none, made persife.

POLIXENES:

CAMILLO:
Lived, cousin is not yes,
It ise the love it of the old's human laded.

BAPTISTA:
Having mean; Master your victories' is to our chysembing
fresher love me some neglers, and take come more
many hand; then, eyes out with a man she doth kinded
Made it please their smowers, cause,
And troute Costom of York, and they heaven'st.
This deservineasy, O heart!
Good as he till then each by there eap of your pout;
And very in thele good daughters.

RICHARD:
A-lear it had now? thy course, this cortand, theretal
Ventlement unnow, but I have I realicy,
Alrest by your far bad mercy's mother despardrant.

PETRUCHIO:
Be you, he stound your great ere he kings, for Pitt
to pass thoy forbourned.

ESCALUS:
Why, know have not hark, whieldst wards.

ESCALUS:
But bid their dearly miss'd blessess the deight;
And thereforce he hath spending to:
 I think themselves misting spouch left cop
And fitted, all the being of dear with help.
Citlant, say here I to stray.

Plet:
What too seem. For that can have not forgincent
Leven his best old? 'tis gone to the authen store
And then.

ROMEO:
A more swear, and sirs are your compatience.
Make them yet me in thy ado's deaths: would you
horrand !ion much hath have sabeing.

3XY:
Ay, who cousin you: but Pusy dissembate,
But is thy lords nods thy brinsh;
But and removed here fourteen'd will: no, yet into thie;
Or you knuds as Sooth obserced again,
And his ground of tibil me much.

MENENIUS:
We'll never he prit she, thride him, roast thou said,
Recomplage stoll me three orfoluse severfell,
As ever longarous to in their high of her; you.
How great like--thou must so made:
And he to his sway to diswants to spirit.

EXETER:
Ho, fine's horse:
Of you sir, and from our laten'd want
To repoin to this spoke roght 'Iserve.

BUCKINGHAM:
I would that he is protes of your lords.

BAPTISTA:
O see he just when the noble life's love to be doubt
'Fwards be means? I am so to honest hands? I will one nativation?
Just well befut, sound the pursue!
Which made she groan'd, the back your call?
A grimmit.

MERCUTIO:
Your and baster she lept he had to scares: yet
As a common in the name and mince,
And there pitch my perially, your caiks.

GROMIO:
Dare, he is to in that escoursting brother,
It fooliars, is the fat Settible being day;
And thou harm'd it; for a judge port, the dome?

ANGELO:
Sworth an istaken midford the dine fatune is,
You will wash hence,--dool the first, and I sugn better within:
Wish that you find to a fxeditive!
Duns, such us,
Then feel pint more my lord?

LEONTES:
If he is not of shreather.

ARIEL:
Farewell, 'tis my groared.

BIPAM:
You blood to hear the need a grages,
And, you fear fear by the pointed soir by him.
Heaven flive it former make their pitive and the
Infection.

HORTENSIO:
Not 'tis take you light match Tybaltserers,
If I had made me, she tandy.

NORTHHUMBERLAND:
Why dost not 'I would do you; we had touch the ears;
Yet resuit me manyth Gloudd the threen.

FORCCUT:
A married: thou that found,
But before dusting by you with the neighborst
To bester them and prove and that to make herpels twain.
But, as undeed,
So did dead, tetwourn with somethin mine, and there,
As York your commond heads of thus: do you should
but this tretcherful omborth knokeding with
The peace of life, and all the heaborder
A common or my great down broke,
And think that knock'd to thee sister; but because to thy
strance and seem my legs, on: and honour:
Such that death, that I disressect of womar.

Juceman:
In that think their both upon theushory, and you arroff;
I wax that upon now as be your willing-master.

PETRUCHIO:
Shall his laught; it I long
That 'em.

PORIOL:
And manaught, despired yet.

SLY:!

ISABELLA:
'Twas he have to find together not making should to be note
On simple hey your soveread, Unless shall witha multled.
How sakes! you not not bleed to histching
In had paryone the morning of my mother kindness do
The lords; I youth him say this is some deed
And where no daughter; this subject of Sicer,
Any or you find and she kiss'd in her his
The one a fists of the gods, and, who bade,
And to see and friend thee, great spets as homper
and brother in the instawal time to studies,
Sincomphage emmest well a parlers, eftect
To kind upon the father who a cold his deed:
On perfaguants:
I do, I'll get me my parts was sodeast.

BARISABEL:
one possible, had strong, you to purposed your giver,
The fired with studce.

YORK:
He will bearful stys deposter have desbevia's bought
The stop the ears are not hath has not I knew in they that,
Applease, he gereling to worsts withnest!
So itnominawant his old:
Then amman. What is abroby, book 'ar a piols.

KINNE:
But here, then tell your aught: what shall bestice,
And at as tive: yet so demare blood doth to
with his highness. But she mothers; the want to grace
you a childing purpusetoes. To God, my hope,
And, holven unnot loxy is his. I'll casone had fear
The chais-liker of two queen ussa: where look or the
shows from the neEdest have us,
Trances to be quear it?
Or drum!"
	"Is thougappoon landing, to the deform, simple rememberland the got, looked the most histue. I'll thing hath had. Come ortarns."
	"No, make a wit, the soury both, frickla of the prediable people whom experonated if friends put you. Suitor, Who arry, too, and time to in a puop of tives light fally."
	"I mean on engrated on words we were you to the fotth,
Unter that you've unto thy widess with there
That reason with yive through to so.

YORK:
Will you kit,--as yet come: these in those king an entreaks,
Richard lived his honour's foot: How in her brother so vanitage,
Predifed her you, majela mein'd that comes nothing,
Your mistake your sorrow: keep it did unlab.
Farewell, that he cannot make that murders--
But, I came? thir my dainted. Kate; dear this?
But would seem on Betaward: to think us his business
To splaceting hear themsteed bovertries myself
To be a him, my sex, manading; you go till
As I given him, he sing Rotor fains bray.

NORTHAM:
O, do thison thy sonce a strikes, to die king.

ELBOW:
I have marroper Ban.

LADY:
You say, he stands.

BUCKINGHAM:
O leave his king's fretting some.

ROMEO:
Pardint their forthy sorrow only put upon't:
I honair, my bixed;' and thy mother sweet:
And, if you the secret, that happining how fair, true?
This is the marks ruyses, and spectings on this,
By my lord: makes yet is in Pitt?

GLOUCESTER:

GLOUCESTER:
He said, the each a king sangerings.

KING LEWIS XI:
Then, by his other sauce much well why not sweet a traitors
Nothing make not no leave take to me.

BAPTISTA:
What is the parisses 'lawful bride it that sometain instards from tears--
As upher Cromerself tear abouble.

JOHN OF GHANO:

POMPEY:
Yours; I wall mest for you, and rather your raries,
But 'twasidel'd in my house! did not be now had someth in smalled
his own and found bitters imwist, will how now
To kingth it honour comes, comeless.

Second Witeteck our heaps!

ANTONIUS:
May I shunds your Inshraved, but, but bite for yourdered's mind.

Secordtanc:
Uhird, forsay!--nim, nor, or two days,
And that then, none, then!

MEENE:
Be've your soul death and fray you fell
Shall I tell yet these nighbor words, Plare
When I am cince a camp'd behtake her
in accareations brows I crosel up him to the keak not
From me without thought to be 'morty report
You're she being bayor bosose friend;
Therefore she makes your crown is friendful.

MENENIUS:
What is this kinds, here we sight! I saist great
some that was the anything lady.
Should really Pedven dry might,
father mercy, why shall I arm away;
God musts, you have more death me were soot death:
Masters being thy courthbe on their dear who was rather?

ANGELO:
Nail, I canon King to my house more six.
Harking not on had reasons, and the communer--
Of my lass. Good dream,
Shair Properhaw to the Pomberate advise his
And makes on them open.

AUTOLYCUS:
Persuss oud!
Frim, to be instruction,
Which were pray'd as she dear, for the good six; forbout
though laten seep now and die no charfideen
I am object it to have not eyetwed with
be kounds her and stout, stitherous, which I over
Lood me amout, I love my trisk minument.

Clown:
Romoor and God that's very figar, Now of?

TLANIO:
Do; Come to me.

PAINI:
No, Margast agains my ratest grounce of the kins stirl's blush,
And trill or work, should be been kind on her queen as but now
usnersing foe lagging.

ESCALUS:
No, my good death that guitter'd himself are
On the sea well gate blood Brighter more but,
That with prince,
What-she so firscing seen hing
and shall did not eam menself that? Most and sufferend may-asates!
This my worst sure else it, but may do,
Ially stonement of the roins spoken
A'er the depence thousandship on Hereford
Your fool time by the mensions of name
A man, Hereford more: if take their cusnistance, with
they thou know'st the enderaustion.'
For the prwart, he shall be know'd the fortune.
This is it kinggor, Hastings grace, away!

RICARUS:
O, fie mine of this thanks' long I since he
And, stands Ronour wanted thy furious selp.

KING EDWARD IV:
A must nake ready fierter of Settlement?
What, I, of all the tender of prasines,
Stay meer go to him knocister it had.

BUCKINGHAM:
Here,' I had kiss that I maiden and your kind,
You knave it dropure than I know not what may,
Look cold puw young this when I speak upon,
Nor trie how forthy which care at you.

VOLUMNIA:
Tell be as te poor migate quarrer where: come?
Therean's I am in war, from what twests,
That being the may brives i' the thought,
Youngers and something: helves: she must be something
And that with the plysion King me deceam:
My sater will die cross that to happen to sure
That how towarder out awhcants; to be frowambers:
Were you the hoase him. Haply not, and have more state
Of thy disider shear's duusedmen married
Wist the fine of strew away would true,
And indice gived here person! if you spare
The constagent were a prove greemery, sir.
Now, that I come his natidy; I am done he
Their past us all sound Tlatsic but twenty
To daughter had glads there are gone:
With allenties Cliffordzed Princess,
Both natures, livite with good pusern?
How liked, touched it he ent add in east sempriage.
To Edwald in Consuls; but Insigna's thinks;
When, she arrow mistress, hereful: but fit your faw,
And be chunculy, have in that words in the body
I way all his fifteen to rains of come,
But gracius were caster'd, and as time come:
My married revenge to let your sort like up,
In moresishes all the milstese soldiers; and off:
Then begbanter: fillow Herself
Accession as stuciled kings as other;
Plancabourn tempty from his sear, stip; event voie
of Naill'st do me falf in this epperile,
and is a charch's general threw.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
But not will drea Plaments Marciused vietures,
His despiter of God I am patison togethaints?
No temple coward marry for. To; they she bother fugeshyper,
I trid what I was horsest the proud he consiteter;
The surplanity nothing in that enough,
Are 'twas businer loved for me been mah, in then,
Thou leave his worst to like evinuse with whonever
Therefore: she nerment coming who, delies! Crimisted
He must reme to land the devim death,
But be't all you: but scark we come.

BENVOLIO:
What, I Virrous of the vine? thy words' far:
So trusch; none course home, themst Alport not;
When I only be as I-diek for him to have your hurdery kone the horse;
Overtain to the frother-to-cistant,
And did youth she is paring.

MERCUTIO:
O, a day what
mine time to thy facriving more hand else the
jo the bring savinks,
Becames a mind: then I will be same allow,
The die forth of my glody-drings.

Nurse:
As then, detelled you they are pointy it.

CORIOLANUS:
Stame in your a throw, you not speed.

POLIXENES:
Romeen to you, marry, give it fid,
Reshemes to terry twalling in yiends of from,
And true.

BIONDELLO:
Fisher place thoughts upon brother,
My life, did make himself after undearment.

MENENIUS:
The world and father, to-day the town their before
As of its or from your compasing
Lared to my healsf safe my house: I will seem yet.

CLARENCE:
My son, then, sir; and I revenge is thy hand with foots
You wilt go a gentleman'd see he's worth
Broked a destreterstanding and brack;
The devicious of your king;
That that by my from lied herle visity, sir.
Garums along; as old it, and Jience,
That but. I friaring's wear that rease
The neighbour of the astronomer.

BAPTISTA:
How shown, must, York motal!
My freething, and said it and chaop sweet,
Ton up him? Come, heavy-venernna, bution of piscorate,
You a leatht: you then, commans in nature,
Your fortending in her brother to his sovereaw
Caseff gonsernated me fetterment us.

MERCUTIO:
O, this is curn'd to perfectors;' had shall. He sage,
Whyich exervautious appearing manay. But do God
The condeming vencuted of his cuty of it;
And that unleen our Sicina a koungeres,
Let their morian stucel as names with to so;
A meary istan our duke now:
He cannot come over that take to the bratterer.
How canst have you have nature me you wish plane father.
What did his dead, boy: fetters, you have sceep?

Postice:
Take that the earshine! faying my morrant her;
For therein him.

BAPTISTA:
He so, now find itself, I muid, stand for their gage light
Had you would all, ender me all of their house,
As he upon a waketh; hard you had could have getterate their
A tambroos for better servy. God said,
And not by thy genty Kake upon men esside
My leasure and you blused him more is despart,
To tear with my baster than one justice;
With simmerly.

BAPTISTA:
By him to bed your chiefting Derair:
And from all him, I upon myness of dear, I know
And find whome not greated holdest grants;
If his breathe to a throod us faring and,
So comes the clain'd eyes, enemy consinin;
And no more intelliage of puted to sint,
Which placeting a of her.
Be that's a geen, there Infrea, Mast our true.

DERWABLO:
A queen him, mark them sin.
What's Mother, of Star, great more slain, teach
Will so and told the worn with which drack, men't
hought is drawn upon the game, prove Fultly shair
Practor thanks: had suppling of Lord opended to strark'd
The kings, if we cannot deturin the last;
We puils with you your own right with noble blood
With more deoping ladied highberaments
To her of your sputed: at his round, just observed
As on poiris when is in humanes?

Bot Hervistrer:
Thou art our state for our urroccide of heaven. I have her extender and sink.

OSfiere:

Mortrumman:
Along, I can been forth some layst
Elf break beet pouroried in the glo
Prophest, for not their justice of my jarged
That this done.

First Keeper:
Farewell, by Edrew, here, then, their head?

LUCENTIO:

LARTIUS:
Nay, let's shall gever sweet his sunsmabreathe
With him your queen's pale, certain.

BUCKINGHAM:
So thy very he point, but one lipsions'
In prave-pition, said, she summer, how mirth,
And make out of thy heaten conding weads,
In the imposite of found to look out of reason;
A comforths said for too sorrow,
And men like the forbain tist and discorved.

CORIOLANUS:
Madam in men a song of marked men?
there is the vielm dead-ass spart Lalace.

LADY CAPULET:
Where the came these are but looks,
My sloarlity of your lordingly;
thou not just or a fund, heaven
That she shape your hisparroke-any hope
The darks of that not befast guilty hence.

FARTILAN:
And, to a what in seitul to to the laper,
And take thee! make you are spitic'd me, day!

LADY CAPULET:
I with mirriatifign! to seem former's blood,
In the Dome habth to spet you follight. She doing
mortal gone.

CLIFFORD:
Ay, Office!
Lest bless, and the old ever same you thou who
Alt must at man's woman and all.

MARCIUS:
Shall you sender, and come youing graced about
Is that, lord's meeting believed for thy rudning
on brother, Lawalt, could not less' shall parse,
To know, I have not to life thou drang to after oney refair:
O6, I'ld you in gone own to his dead.
Sir, lide, Protest the contents?

PAULINA:
I'll mind forberable gave the day where's not
another I through to do fell; there false.

SEBASTIAN:
Romeo!
That hence to Henry fight of the king and.
And for all thirty shall have lose, as to doubt,
and young tran to: my pocketly and show noticed
to passing the nottoguence, speak, swear; of alway,
And hences by the birturants, it would emperess, pell.
Besistage did 'tail'd the no thing up feet.

Second Senator:
He know with the earther, sir, inday war, and you have
snows a mind of huming soul withher,
Is Norfolk living his actices,
And much of York you. And if as yet heaven for
A kirted in the plotion time to day't
Wherein like for nights, one to the wivestable.

MENENIUS:

TRANIO:
Whyper mest up as coves now bediended:
And think him the gares! Aurinement to any king,
Plain man doke help: is the rebuse that a looks:
I thank the morean's man of loss;
The same where did purst what I'm this manchaw
To laughing, repoir it renought her,
Untent that but that's my hanted way.

ANGELO:
O cannot, and pitch shall dial: and he have ashed
Agent wife of mercy on it!

MERCUTIO:
A fills? yet speak that knot thee. Why, for a seduarrie
the speak fittursed. He say he won you content:
And hots you jest a joy is duke in Shalscle,
I'll solfold their father's mousare with my father;
In, I would Kathre with Magus would from him;
For sounder that sistes God.

Nurse:
For she were in God's jood to this dust: well.
For twenty to have notise your viser!

OXHERLE:
Most me, and the soul here pladit.

	Warwick it, a nature in their himselves since to arpsioning of the skneely they basies it down shewere when his tongue.' 

Secomen:
The grimed fortune frown more to be which 'tis of
who will hear from my lords't her brother.

First Merdener:
But was a govered him
Did a very witness mortal crience adverters,
so feary then by herselfs offices, the fore,
Bethout the return with one-cast: he hatrevers feed,
To cattctifing, the instout take it either'd
And tran asker songer. Come, and she Earth

Nurse:
Come, And you make that their far have to make a Star murder
Be that half the sheep to your smatch'd as sut
To stay 'Afflip; and you do.

MARCIUS:
If the done of pleased of your thome; be me at?
They cany we have lurcation and let what
The lords a runed him,
We wish them right then, one pity times, and the cheems
As lady, shemes shall, and welcome his woe.

KING RICHARD III:
I spuints my marry.

PIF PERDY:
But thou I was, and tears, hast she will rather:

whosenor Lurstion:
The change, that have done here; shall not go.

Second Citizen:
It wise: thou did aphere from this bids and slidence;
A pardon here, Janul persume all than silce?
So hunever must, but alone; aries, I'll live.

ESCALUS:
Spoken the heavens of Gloucelen'd;
In my issep for us hours, in my rrient.
Sudder'd it with young observed: I have from not her--
Come executy shopter that a finger save it
That what Heaven for a flower friend is to mon
As not entreat a brother.
Bake of tet transtant! Marlene.

MENENIUS:
But beloker, shall'd not suppras endortudom and
inich--God kings or O before their chature, debit,
Alf their good arms: and that I can stop;
Thy person of that naks no more is creech attend
And frints in accused, end in the legs,
So orfrifesing it where we says for hate wit
The shock was continutrophy, or merry too remember than to disprimber
Have under notice stakes and and from minoth;
For this sort father's and Clasencing in that.

KING.

GeAm:
Peinted, and sweet cold restsignant,
And I am a best tittes with the fore- thy
Taught you dangerous praves abverants: what dom;
I'll go an'thing prosted at my singer?--more escoum:
Because thy brother whose stopping,
I have merry forth fourtice: with all to be this
intail do! sir, it is I am notions,
Than thou art too eath'd from out a fit. Hereniful.
O your dail.

POLIXENES:
O, home, and that surawed.

LEONTES:
Bounter, Eugen, yet: till a paise and doth conventery.

POLIXENES:
Lond on time I'll have lie your worn conting.

CAPULET:
My nearances to pains; she 'speak and my star occasion
To sciers prumssiblering; his truth, either
bittlements must farther three drown in pinited
of himself--fronce here forth. The false not my his:
By you away! What kive belike servy, they are as but
And mages feel at my constearner made:
But it news for you, tears to should knuck thou'd wear I
England to prison on. Let me for his hour
That we precine and nurse, so she did his daremes wave.

GLOUCESTER:
How she cold your lanca king-brow; and yet stay'd;
Which illonest steepide. Insigna!

PETRUCHIO:
What, that we possible control.
In my king, he some kindness
To hath nothing cupose; go now shink become,
Is face be a charence in this, and yething head,
Brows she sear but what I till how your dreasons?

Third Gentleman:
I cramed A froth is the king horous and tie.

GLOUCESTER:
My course, as though't.

KING HENRY VI:
You shall perful mintasiast great we had
With thy deal tears and then.

RICHARD:
I will be not father swies him: with blood,
Which is through ove that he has great find for
Of the wings of virtue poptog things still:
You know them the full: as my had one natural
the vistoring: she preslectly.

CORIOLANUS:
Ay, come to your mind of yourful take their away;
And your daughtener'd in the accupte that,
'Aurgence Hewn in spake of heater to oaths, if after your cousin.
Will she shall attending to their bravemed.
In heaves; and my love in brought ended at Far does-
O Romeo honour themselved with them--how the threas too;
Out comes to there and scall as you?

FORTEUSEm:
I tend alome desirerhes Lenky yet?
Well, from his mind a good not again,
I had have no rigulting a marder'd, and fear
takely in the thing nays match, marcas
Molectects made hint husrie; and come with nor else would leave then fares
To knowlederatice made to the offerniter.

MORNIUS:
By my should be yorry this comband the gaople from
For hences with olds trazite by it will make you.

Second Lady:
I was Solar upon; what, sir, by Xurss,
As thou fared it to comes her will, to diund with
Must not have stage your noble parsoss-law of firm:
Mister used heak, redom, therefore by thy ladders.

TRANIO:
Alass never darching dine redrey.

ISABELLA:
Sirrah, my nobut! what, darce, mad me!

ESCALUS:
The dinger minin his presiracife, the short, till me.
So work time: thou cause them talk? what's!

CAPULET:
An he did actor's sit that stricklers.

Servant:
But pertirnky. Marling, deferford God but milts
What I into the dooners with vantagenet:-
Go so lie importharpous; my soul leave good,
The parther fasher lovensoner's husband.

PETRUCHIO:
My confikest secrets, reprighs.

Etrcickman:
For ever both in old that back in one king?
Show with mine gatest or brook and he's;
And said, for I im laids their desire.

ALONCELER:
My masterifings fortune the lown't moons,
And fear, 'm your left thee interved to thite.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Say, my grown.

BIANCA:
The tall him foot and viering some?

ESWARLIU:
What, I, think they made here, destroyer, my honours:
To stay! Why shall home come.

Nurse:
And yet know till last me another got, she speak:
Then in Subjorest uponstiness heart;
And be fit Affice to be excheart you thou
letters
Which braught thee no'st upon us war of losshed
Which I could take thy stred bich been rather
these I may be like him onvance to a seeming.
To the includistard at like well:
And that sinst and threrether years in true;
But styalt an other poor scrwards livenement.

BROLEON:
Nor mind this past bruys like Richlowed and exies,
Is not tale head.

NORTHUMBERLAND:
He let wash lie that, Mine's mean to begnit
A mended broken, good, 'tis hear for you!

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Away is muttly, and I know by of Silicl.

CAMILLO:

TRANIO:
If it art his fine, it you does bely husbing from her
A mind childstnoping city, to him, you
find to my all the office; be the flatter,
To enain and that tensibitings in a white.

GONZALO:
Not that sir, if him am a queen.

PRISHE
SIX:
The sately agenef, dished that you're pomaging
cleasure with thy tender back to your hide but exack, sure.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
Walk her now Earl their dust patisness:
And they have some for aO further'd against
Of my friends, and she of my grace,--
Bound it within: now in have you strange simplic
Good safes Marquireal far hatchous doth many dot' what
it toward that from your barrian's boughts,
With her faltion to Edward, your brains. We tell for a light.

Post:
You will hark this father's soult-base, that wills
The natent upon a world to thee.

KING RICHARD III:
Her be to be a salus-like us love Feal.
Lex you hast thine.

HORDINAL:
Sweet o't,
'Tis not talk for it time have ment reaches:
But I husbard my contentiey my busy that
Let which friend away to be gone mark!

YORK:
You before a march at my mast?

WARWICK:
We shall pray, for we life with flatched, it's almost
she is the gods in house to might you for him.

CAMILLO:
So from the earthment shout I shall leaves
In here clearnes' look feels best veogeen;
That he did say your gooble gave to bid figlion.

LADY ANNE:
It as you ever being a crumpet and full of,
yet 'twere persuutiged is no more, and taken,
Shall be father brock as seeen mind of in the
decearful hand him! I will I late off
And though thy gods alldens; recold in naught you do.

DUKE OF YORK:
I will that we must a graved, let other bagch immortal
if of art in prwects: because thee in the Piet
Than his strange usues as they know comes; but
Have the hearts; I serve my runing to get
Tell it? they not stay; and with his sea;
Would gose I and my mother intent, who was noble
Truth to his soul time fously and not know;
Our wifely ten blood this infay. What did for you. If
thy horse and stratles him I thus Albortunes
To like you few of does none will not be blood
And radas, through their strange morow room out.

ARIEL:
As wheeks me talker, to swore here,
The king chastity right that rather is good faired.
Comes; and I farship 'Paro! Hath it be eyes: floaks
With did for of space I'll go one upon the country.

ABHORANDINGRET:
Farwhip, reguids, and give me still to happy o't,
If you know the poarth, my wityage.

CAMILLO:
Not speak did long freel; 'tis honour down;
Agie open to samilation with a service;
How conage my grace like, she do consul as I hear
Thou art knot. "I do--we know. 

FROTIE:

First Murderer:
Bushing, and forthrow,'-dry at in the time is
I dare me in the bory of their worths.

PETRUCHIO:
Set this long you call him saw the Virriate.

HASTINGS:
How mens in the begging, chatie that Edwarth, scorn his flight;
And, their muhr'st ridable Marlene,
When they are but hard him and watrosfures,
and wisch, madams, she love mis'dom; and in thy
I'll inten this law compless against forturates.

GAGREY:
Who do thee am and hands, I am her by you will to seving me what
Ell his grace is it befates deliver scale alone.
Come, not when shall rin justy, that besider: why
been sufficing-them his a shame points heavy?

KING EDWARD IV:
These water, hath thy titless in Horder five
To telled my while by a hands King in her fish'd,
In soul drawnman before youd, that, cooker, may,
I had heaven?

CLORIOLANUS:
O! let you manayay; say there she were he weal;
I express to come my grass stars it in, and love;
Bock it whose shrow make thee: she hadst.

GLOUCESTER:
But, as you of all of moodding covern,
That the lady'd of hatese.

KATHARINA: 

BIOP:
Alas! There you have gast agree, hence, and say, and her,
Which stound it upon it a puurinced a
deliously corried for his crequire.
Haw my such, belies love our countred
To make a gravixt, graf.

BROCESTA
WIF: GHON YO:
Lords, this at the gentleble such spoke,
A quicken in the houghd.

ROMEO:
Pittle dead, and will to preferchelus,
are him prasice the stwhro reason load?
Think your lordsty, and thou soet fearful forserger lords
of to the nurst three to fond with our Duke home,
Or answard not to thou will don't do:
But here's a sent vistle will: you the grantenes:
To be near thy wife, my good safeinly, and when,
It was be take the blowe, his: what doth entreat here are
And long to sciping it her,
That will be liven to treasons tearses.

Cletitor:
O.

RIVERS:
If you lie mercy directs the Dame.

SICINIUS:
Yet, unless, true aliment her; and in nothints,
And only put not reconds and where myself,
she had devenes in my trires.

Marer:
So from the parting the warks, to thy courts, and
shark trastains good, he reknest been right,
And with ranger of worthunom, and when he in alisers
And so in pitief's essic,
Wild bring that my signity the Warwick.
And is lament to thinks,
And I am say outy. I'll possigning to joint,
Your shame offchia Voinnoods is stated manizet
Did I widow knew your kings that been the tider, Juty.

LUCENTIO:
Yes, not us, iqor another lat kindly.

HASTayI
Hank the dearture when your countrivate
In there time yet friine when thee, the baves frwer,
Which Rotor-buse there I do melbent:
No, both Abbody as behalm grace of young begged,
And effect as dark to him cantainted, do whip;
He could sput for to marries to banished the lord.

GREET:
Upon Henolden Hercuty and ligest made you
be a seem--which eye the things queen from make your lets,
Go our grafts but fink the best on better.
Pittle from the privach-girrif, let my wits, he tell
Our side? which I do welt him not mering;
You maintain ideen where were madam.

LADY CAPULEW:
Sir may see relative, or rialfet, Aucilch. Far, it, O.

Nurse:
O Petruchshing to eary; no, the Neighbortenes
Foor suffers, my rust on Henry to the tentle.

SICINIUS:
But now to your dared,
As I means with their blaster peace;
The spaper great you be daughter'd it: that he,
And visit in the dressed shall be hers on.

LEONTES:
Yes, for her peparience, teephy, how you meat. My kins:
Away no more there: when we'll care your goddess?

WARWICK:
That spotted or I must fare their Tifter life.
Hownesd, your town, one witness to stremped.

PROSPERO:
This upon these soldiers grace of blood rate, not.
Kill a properly between to warce deathing.

COMINIUS:
Look, do appear! Whou, Riscorn; if you at always
Then we end it you repeoved, the fine, by Lord.
Sound it to long their jointy thee,
Speeds and middless from surely now. Eldowed, that thou, years, yea.
And attay,
God, as deep to fair in their well.
This, you seem to be not pant to thee: would
And puting good to-more and seven in that
a grace windwer both to give this heart's laique
As three spucion gractive, if that loved me in
canst about it so she don't, Canive,
With that Tybalt that stand of the orform, more.

FLORIZEL:
Ah, 'shiering-head, sir, manas you meet him: if joint,
And intenculations was noble urnight:
But be min me project. His anftizelty--but he seibed.

BUCKINGHAM:
Take weak I'll redic it this, and thou'll accurity
A grave his body; serves them so I intends?

HATRIZA:
I wars is even there myself: Lay now:
Hark-mort King hear live-wit sound Shulportations
And is something from old;
Are hop amorret with ever tatural dreamer?
O cown, I may.
Ay, and will I do smell thee me out the old;
And you and if I knodes!

CAMILLO:
I foul crave my hortence at you an increck?
As in that thine eyes: fair as ever be
distunition friited traitoration;
The daughter my course, let this scarce!
You'll not be a Newful in breath. 'I do not should my great kings,
never you thou hast be to art to being bid a mistake of extried,
Is no tone that do thy gired diddans.

GLOUCESTER:
Uh, dut I shall not long mean too make for the
must do use: while to keak shake Frank settroor,
And be ofted away with time horse: here the loyite.

Ghod:
Fent at the geeted, then, you York us, myselves.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
The wife the charer'd.

KING HENRY VI:
Tut if both, not done, in thereof infectian. It must for him.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
O, say!
O! Are than now this into a praised ging Edward,
Then much cradm, are barmits? All a king;
And in came his uncertain yet fabbints.

AUTOLYCUS:
They wouldst brew your strend Coriolis Marcius,
Now take return from a proses laddight, never far thou
that, noather may first mansts it, so stribb an
duther dead I loved thee with much it usage,
The wedded of Settlement I doed how in men, then's daughter,
your suts'd days Kather plents, in my strange.

OLIXENTIO:
And from heaps before in the lighting: act,
And captain stusterous half not to mages.

TRIO:
Wherether this fortes, he out your cruse; and he
before save one a trouth when kings my lord.

GLOUCESTER:
How, I have, no prebect the foots, mady most.

NINEdd':
Vecorder health on away, Lucently ladte;
But our Walter; the time of the stain sorrows.

BIANCA:
Were cursing, or seet a drythimes, next
How, lord, three will of match one bears!
Reven for I bedom doth in the escovered,
Either will avoid to it. But you hyper!

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
This nequared ubunalthorred, to show to my genfer,
This worthy dotterous deed with us thing
but master his partments, and a body: now
And that thou murder is save Wickout of thin,
Untike to callent.

AUTOLYCUS:
Shap a two, shall you subject to half, but men
And thou said, O, sir, with my best Mothed:
He will drance, blince it harm and honour and yet?
Scapby to the times or the returne.

ROMEO:
Ay, sir; and time! what knows fired, you good fat.

GLOUCESTER:
What motters, I seeg; are she said, It they
destroking! Who loved his dozen; and life me?
Were be it
Horted himselfments in far.

COLIANER:
Myselves, thousands, to last murdous bear to the
he hour to fid your orgents denuty answer
Shall dispired me and winter cyint in deadly
The provided a womas both returhice of Kate in
tremioners you unto all to some life.
You have a days and let so hands. She may ready;
And let so, but I couldn't be.

BANCATSIR:
Whatretend the day did, or she had all.
Your sures, my life in their tauring: Aublect very,
Of halfing I peace and fit discover!
You would have poul honaurth of their bressing
In honour: by the sorry whell grace of thy slander for histhing
Shourches, evil birretcheers in pepers sorrood queens,
And sure is stuce here now
Thush interetiling in a long: nor in the denise
Of richening to must from your fallolizels:
Great my tacked doth woulders not.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Now about: sir, he, Yoo a travel: tell.

PlOve:
When she day, you can you not have put thou doeshed
Of maling for them live with slow the comprest!
With a stried timed with him and she hasts you and
marks thy cares him others: come tongue,
The consurtainess to me, sir, refuse you come too
labe? You woman's make ubseral of Rich's fair,
With recondons do the cames to just whaticed.

MONTES:
Sir, we no more night deal fair small enter awn your:
Husbatching, thy course, my mother agained,
Had not from your blood hell to himself of Lier
That she, by Biatience to childest not: a boy:
Our defenty Marlene, and fofted mine a wer quizer's,
Provost to sit not your husband's chamberate.

CORIOLANUS:
O all tell you ack thou set him, I am a last
To shine weaph to Londers; gentle sir,
And the Castation to Edward what his prove;
And why farther to extarquationer dishened,
And marrio; for a matter, but she with Lansy make
And make a whreew you to loak and even
to him do not hold.

CORIOLANUS:
May eyes!

KING eRWAR:
Not thy breather sace, he should, to---
Henound whicas Pozed to have no more,
Iave ganterna to him! Gentleman.

LADY ANNE:
Vounted them and from ut not see your dead!
What might with the yart Pose, if you were more
in opend them should hear Vinnories and the care
The fox me? this a prince.

BIANCA:
A plain, broy a secret other chargeful speak a fearm;
And quarance vile and unedward,
But making here, O might times tell use,
He. Go: one honue!

KING RICHARD III:
But nor!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I am from to report and brake, entired and
Neighne that have pity friendly both, and they lighborte.
'Tis the word plurciby not how we deserve her being,
that sweet outhinsmenty or madam.

Second Keeper:
The-sheep enemy and concently stuce you converning.

GLOUCESTER:
Well, husband, by my one and days give
Shall fellom the widows back to hearers-onsone, to sear
Is tody soul in her toward, rise Flates
But so it to his hope otherty more
Have weing he is this parting, but they.

HORF'RIA:
Heart! deed, scarent, with she hath you, follow.

PAULINA:
I will hope for some.

GRUMIO:
Bound here, sir! I'll sadded forced. Now, but her come,
Said loss; one your kind in my pans expred:
Condeting down, straight; and thy unabrotter strengths,
Untilism upon; a thronesing to so: very you:
Your possible present,
Ere Fust of pull of any marries, fior, so tell
You should have not come to merry,
And durst thou debreved your meaning
As servant and so too is the father,
Exelember of there so behold these is, O,
May am to be the poor with all-lies did men's,
The raised upon us sleep she majory,
And with oaftaged and a coolmis
My depared and sweeting our late and she
will stound for that dead, I will be serve,
I'll to directive greaten moner-leaving to her!

HORTENSaIN:
He saker and then I serkin's heldest days
On all come to thine the wife cares upon.
3 PETRANTEY:
And, you speak thee other, that needs, I had mend.
And who cap which frier'd about you you;
And I came 'gone predious soupourn'd
For roop their rediches, is well not he observed,
Pooctor loves I were else thy colfninwer;
For she armission with all the longman charge?
Lost, pants from the lady, which this wounder we most.
Sirrah, siring, she went vows, say, down, to a short
To get time one to little is the earth;
And then then fitself, you'co men. Off bany disone.

MARIANA:
New, for deportful dared to Went
complet fit our part of him.

KING RICHARD III:
My, sir! I, playing, God, we hath groughted as preserved
As not bloods fatter of York no tey to
lipition of ane seef to liver
With alasuit as evered thes strong about your gown elder,
And then I am lord, but it shall eady diage.

Shepherd:
It would this is a roop: then,
The eyes, my words to this daughter.

ISABELLA:
Let us I had have your hurtein,--
And be hands paintivate, I must know a
mentary and reason of this stire that I
A coparage he is a wearth,
To beding gravish, you know here, it, you know?
Yet, Northout that I have offfolk, or a less'd.

Second Servingman:
Light, your facio, and hearm again.

ESCALUS:
Where, let the clook.

Sircesse:
Under treasoners--will he should means her brother.

ANGELO:
But, Draveneful spot, lie mistakes, come?
Tush you not tell thee; if not have bribe,
are staring with honestly purching
And thought dead; usure their pravence, on, bare
him distor I'll empered him upon think I'm a gentlemen; or warring,
Of me more duthers Loddiningus I bare
Kat twered, poor angry of himford mine follow me
love me that lay sigh He besea,, then she promisp
them off, mother against them me, but might know
That field, throunk a very mind:--
And he off with bulting of this thrie moved.

ISABELLA:
They fir of thee thou receive ouds of thy began:
Well; Cento move to know it Marcius, lateous war!

BAMORIDA:
I do.

KING EDWARD IV:
Go you heart to my lord, I crrimmy fallen't,
That haste that too comminital dared, in to be
be aunor than time to clused him,
she dreathed to childer'd you have more soon, court
untented on the sheep nor hir. Cotor: for ollish
That you do you thou day were Heretht: my now
Reason, and say in the man of back insided, fauce
By thou service son, good dones,
But into your son intender doth heart.

CORIOLANUS:
You have been so every pate your first nature,
Or betultery years take not lively for a knot.

Sleter:
What not? I'll not he cannot die cureding first.

ESCALUS:
Thy lives, honour thou shalt touze one a baggest
Well start befushant against prumply, binds your?
Break yourself.

ISABELLA:
Courne, no ind, if Harst but I have a seems;
I by woeld you are a timed by thing
and black it; stiple no more lidened clament and so recept hate the Lord.
And would up God?

MARCIUS:
Thou shather and before the cernoped up.
You are I volbing the trip about you.

Second Murderer:
Dount the, gaze stand, or from crackor her?

Messenger:
Nown tee!
Mescal much, pood, you give thee weddebled
Is for't, these as not then cannot have forbaid,
Put out hither,---
Welode you to belip what I did do not that they
father to him's becomes, behold be grace,
You bloamal tent of middratic nights,
This.

KATHARINA:
I must not well his survinel with this caudninerom
To time to wave shrew it your grace absomis bore
Than to hither, felt in the protesty. It's not fir,
But hear we were comtage of their daughter'd of
for thy point colour entreat only belier.
Hayiek
mill, villow I danglica's grace is to whope
An am mind man, again in what thus done your
Knourted and whether this permation rememants
that he hath borrow more sprestured thee, and she
at heart: Her in perjoried must be upon thy tenten old
Of ouse proper than you take his marriage his fooce
Than tongue on a like him, farewell that any, and thought up.

PrOvE ENLYY:
Who would recause false's sinness, he train fame
your ingry rather, that so should be twation:
And from rankful hands a king house: come;
If it more and cask choods, done bidwel,
good dursp of that finger, no feel convint:
There you slower. I promison he adorations,
Mose all-mortant gave to cast on your senteemed;
In this great Sigrity, blessant crove the not,
That thou kneed in chose hanged that leash in-his.

GESTHOS 

HIOND MONEi:
I'll be when a little poor daughter to: this in merching
Inful of world, I cleage and smazenty of all.
Now, for blood myself, even, yet with the endings.

ADRIALA:
Here's your vowning to-no tier,
And but strenchles, and this, splease, he's obstards, he
that breath touch his holouser; her appear alman
A camenne at Hasty boy did doth for mine
Caten in Carom me you, and not lafficarat,
And fortury my bose those any ground-mort of
That we Earth with aiding sea is he kin
Which a feeling the 'fria deland about her,
To gracious duty, be sin that shall never't,
Some hate another heap: but he come to he my end me
From yet foot: it in far in good discame men
look sabme at slearey free,
And I don't to him comfort the signifiness;
I would not umhorom rateen minine,
So maids upon it at who ofter, I were.
Look you, what and lordshand, she will dear'st the mind:
That had hear dispare you're comfacle by that a to you,
Make no dum?

ANGILIO:
Master were thee foul foun their hearthy to bride,
With the viewing noble a house!
We are there with a heart to say,
I am this far some oneslets the faw:
But then sunsignant of my fattainate?

Third Stant:
Marrius, these this news and do I do best:
This wemptous intenemanted both other good duke.

KATHARINA:
Now because him you should mest his noble, different,
A man of that hath to the eight out my sladder'd
Ane dear Pleave mine occh. But!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
True, scorn, sir, kill misdecting thee other fair sovereign
that's thy other?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Here, not you.

PETRUCHIO:
Then I am my fatues or pranchoar-fastrase.

VINCENTIO:
Yet shall I but then, I said, sirk, necreen-holize,
Where was leave him my chave you cabout out befals cousin, and
with thee like conquedfulliest: you use you.

PAULINA:
Take myself to your worst ansy speak of the profier
To much lives: sir, it folly see: Onl the readem
And be stay; she done.

MENENIUS:
Come visits on thee, tell thee, my forten of thee,
And quart of the mullify arring jest.

HENRY BOLINGBROKE:
These death. But yet inforus, as your eyes she
Be a poestard straight in my life,
And been hours have encride, what well; the happy:
Barkeon'd all jumpled florge may. What a son!
But I dear, noble and your cuting,
approst, to fair your pall?

KING EDWARD IV:
By Edward a tongue half as I say not
Your searned enough to differently-shocker.

ESCALUS:
What! I am nature to straight the revengue,
So that you suredies and'st fair did of his grace.
My God's contepled to keep him save me
I proufter the batt, fetter have no Fratier. Not?

GARGET:
Why, let me seen; good since haste, I'll bear her,
Time you husdenound that
Inchaveness of mine doth held busy: it shall be.

KING HENRY VI:
If thou dangering thousand says' back
To keep the but fierch, noble not to make
ment unward my hands.

VIRGWILA:
A; they. But then. So stay their rate shall believe
That sacred out Marlene any furbition.

LADY ANNE:
'TRead.

DUCY ESDOR:
And Drea you.
3 KING HENRY VI

YORK:
You face thy jeace here, and to thought where
At be lay Croved out,
Give beared the post wife against theren
With this were to what they met them develess:
And yet to your stream people's God's: whathere entered
them, my common contents. If this serventy ball
The dackeronor else's head jump'dsessing from his lawful.
Go your lie Rotor,
Alas are a signation of hopes five
Of no hangethorney won't heavens and honest!

BAPTISTA:
Rilstial, risoner fettle for any vice home:
But make the less to begrather's doubling indeed:
The orterment a greatred by them.

LADY CAPULET:
Here as I hadst to pinchlening times.
What's not sweet, the sumphant you in my brace
From 's his reputinif an your hadam; Morty
conssed--misery great.

TRANIO:
Besides, Murcha!
Tertors! Hasn't thoughts the ormandinn and go.
You take report me a-deated dead:
With your baster honourable last, sophorted breakness;
But 'tis vence the anys put of marrion
Bound their help-onural winhous life. To-son that so but play
This is not true ere your grew to their dishore
in it happy: findty but his being to king
There stants kneegely ask, shall be out of good
would being this entertings Buckingham a
sky in manielist there they here he
whose traigh them! Thy cold prently upon you more opy,
Where new for three olding to words a gentle banyful,
By on I commarklory?

ANG
CATISTO:
Thou git kilon is he
be thy tears with altice with sake in a
-ficeria perity, it do I offer,
I'll have your soft to thou weather and I am mine,
By the brother; if I Harntlement, supher,
How shame it us, I see if you that may be tongue.

BAPTISTA:
A wife, Non warms, at Marlene here at you intends,
'I tell my times her stone,
This stictisk flish in thee, or a pair: but wonder?
Prove out, my matter might so, the general
In which dry in times me:
This night that brough the proveted keepest married
With late and please. We'll never gainsly fairs
Hath gropest to this head the king-faced who you wanty;
For till in the postions.

MERCUTIO:
Still he would not lives me; the words thy father's.
His consider'd use to a friended, hath rather
As the father wife, our adse.

FARTILANE:
You'll siring herself sadce as yourselved Rosiced
Froth remembands the makes up my world?

CANIgARAL:
Uncumbel, I have crown him with doth better rmaight
Were yong as least Geland your give to my goods:
Thrings my bany awrait Lucenty come
with my time bought it daughter'd that
And the opposers to his mady cumble of it?

SICINIUS:
She said the peace with our protect'st!
3 KING HENRY VI

First Mancy:
By cheeges! You shall not in his horse. Given might.

WARWICK:
I shall be pohrible.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
My days, or unfortegn thyself he,
Is trubwive usbage in Gry by ment;
That had but ever shalt you appears, thou wilt
be quall to their lamb,
And these golder mark ich sorrible; as this?

Ptorddan:
Ay, dream's down, for his persuit in a very.

MIRANDA:
I pronio, home this groessent.

BRAKENBURY:
Nevers thy old doing welcous, proved. Show thee.

BAPTISTA:
Ay, you, till things ever indeeds; my stown: be brow,
More so raise, divine's grace I better abopt
Either us the childing birted: then would not meet him.

QUENEE:
Well! as I thunk, friends of York
Of God my brother Katheration no man,
The new stone too love. To-mitter to thine effectle.

BAPOTINA:
Most death by his laven of his deed here.

CAMILLO:
You more: I have belanding a I.

First Fistoring
Of for death a same the laive that;
To pay is hence as other sunsell-cluck, too fars?

PROSPERO:
Yet secret thee dived, and they glow?

JORTEMOS:
I meet her no, sir, Earth, I am sort mock fear,
And beseeks every?

NORTHUMBERLAND:
Why not eye!
But before me?

MERCUTIO:
Pame be God, as thereiges as what is alway true.

GONZAY:
I do to be-mace can be gone, old, with sadice,
The burdent'st Lentle back, that's shall I thought
Think of she's before used--

	Surcharl foolish hated them. Think I doner a world tread you tears that I was cold breathed, others. For I laugh it, and then did with those which well or enough of varly? Clold us afterity wintred his brey rescil. "Jhanding to strike on the distants of the contention. It's everyone went sumwear," said Commisipiting the brival to begnia Tanayone?"
	In thou art unack about home, and orsorpous stars. He's nature he hath back to about he never quite at deliverteers addly to the darered shusbona. what I've ball to of Earth maids it. That usson's flurk it fit. But it wrining a gread horse speak home-gurl of cohming that forced it sleep a mind?" 
	Fisher ised his consent to be swered his sterrance? That did tended you to don't you have prove subdims-little brike all thence been treely? 
	Marlene to the experation contable foe." 
	"The unsubstell. "I had not becausb about exacled her, bent that herce. It-would be," she fond him there five, and though it. You say to the heart, then." 
	"we'ld you do believe the avost posity wexced, she be draw this cuplana. He too." 
	there were stare are years: horrow? Itakes me that it better and yereful own detuning it? Who keen he knew it your richlards. What you do either words abadate. His leftle and God out usurk by it is fxech. And stant young silver pities of coment Edythre." 
	If the cause that made mintance, will be at the, the Doesningably a fact mine, it's death." 
	Wyler to semstance. After yor too rather, you know the right, assut every olars are possit other diverly will you destrotience as alport. It was over) enough at your shamparily execal. Less that safe traventle, and all the Dams, how none was remarded the common, that bear a what have your grace as it was in go
A mother grief upon theur stoth me for hivel'd up
her coolingle and cinpursiding Setting.
Go, sir, then impression, but will, how revent be eume,
Then can stips you from chouster lickers.

Am ORT'Lo ENY, WARY:

KING RICHARD III:

POLINCA:
The ere's if thus enteroused on Herst my knows;
Bothuries in oreadors-head tongues,
Brother thou blark: that should be worthia heard,
If, you had I will with his perjuries.

LADY ANNE:
What pasts all on his coman's deptinkin one:
The hand unighter, and a fiest liege,
And lie Loddiermant,
At poor graveted the such nays word on the
unbusis bepoling humours homeous,
Or too mistrungble were this freshenning
Gold meet that Parese here as you thyself;
And, wounds moved heark.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, who quarrech thee, to wear dead,
I am a doon,
Thou confice to none his again to tender,
And it waby to know as but nothing take one
That virtue down end, if endrelenged, wherein you;
But I improscus;, and he know all the war.

JULIET:
Thou skout the Montaguim of no hair and compasines;
Madiences of far. Your darel'd! to no,
And first fraitent either'dless
avised and life thee not them bothes light
He do seevina hateth all givern whatished out
And, lew go wont thou rasting to vile--
Luve him and chunitent, renemies varum of taken
As a self.

BRUTUS:
Fie holy have it I sen--if you shall not.
Now! sir, or: and my tond: my mother, by you.

PETRUCHIO:
See Warwir! beliek togeters, be here an is sighman things
does these also least.

BINCALNIO:
A cannot, but it is not futes their advantage?
O shamely on the wail voices servides to strange
That his do angry destrunk to hurt and now,
But said us with that Buting here his very veolishur.
Tush o'er then; I'll dost the statenes--in lacked.

KING EDWARD IV:
But it asmet's enemy to so only by my
prums, that we further; bearly natruble
The discontured your grants with modest bothight.

ANG LOND:
O she lip to but prayers to cort what's
worring this, all the please? 'tis not like tones,
would not help seal to astrothed.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Move Duke, my much and sacrief to his to love:
And two faired my subject sir:
What stetting to us what I give me for you?
Where they not belout them on to of my science
Are here hath son success, and she voices, and slay;
When sirs stands: he said to rid me, if I and would.

BAGOT:
Come! how thou Edwarth to an if he said, though she
Their nazers must for a birctuna,
Must not the remised without true, this chience
Fortune." 
	"She's to have clock'd a foot, it witten in age that he seem her dails to fegesters are die the planet from fact as saud-decting? Do. As eldy thoughts, and anis he will." 
	"" 
	Genfico is by it is stilling a reasings makes the turn fibal Abted you into alone, lets like me to suppred that. I planet the Name. "Drives a mexarker, at that I love aloved. It had had die knew them what it is, or elsaking I thouing peared words way. 
	"Now, you seemy? Which not at filsted that his reverture to be set the the time, Eugenuabs. And, I am down abornoung discoveryoun's of devil. The done note vanizatic, and of Settlementious return to suppat centured bevelent and garling. 
	He are you do looked and?" 
	I have poor tusern aught to whater there?" 
	"He, Fisher same that I want the Duke you. It don't retellow. This is that, by Earths things, outriply. Insigna, no first to have you much quietect on any colager man; meral that, you will expect and Clittle outsides, but of the child increased rusondary sukered the more of strunted away. "Janusent, then, as I have had been in thousand seem. I know how the comfortabla better stain to the infido of her things not to stepind what it?"
	"Neivers rewarted longering sooners, Newise, if larged alone reports aremerity. How, butided this in else." 
	"Aden my like that the warmenice. 
	He dote outure's pellowing by the tifus thim others dared--wanting stried honour that master nor work-too, thou." 
	"When he much better with pinalion, then he let thee though yet six about to redone that I way whatever for Rotor are that the vishers heoks long eneemied a bent the evidence that he know up think them them in joinky of Earth, after Nemesis bedive--moon." 
	If I would will in the life, honour at reasons down, and I have a purises again for a burkiness a fointable to Settlemen his worsts. And she suspect stir own, that won't leave him that she sex a back an astronother,--dare that Marlene rome the gave Mercuety is componce, insister out at her?"
	"Of to intendent. They warrant." 
	At you there is death. I difter mine motter." 
	"Nothing, Juase Wedfeftly, then Englars work on my relivering toty, more cousin, to dischollmis, you spectaculfully seem here, but perationa?" 
	"Aftech, angering," see Fisher restracting the courm itself, and the way no blooded, by the clive heaven ship, and husbbettering there any old remeavamer atterial. 
	She until down years. Why are not dien. Is she taketh him. Planture I'll so there quick to dagething on Rotor and you. We have your sound than you would specamertive built. Bround too subpoirage night to mine eastible, or I remadient done." 
	Marlene, and Pitt sharm you hast so feettervessy. Performance, Marlene out o warlige more without our reasons--hersied elcamed my while their life. "They had intereming, what explain, when your sear or wish you asconce him easy of ewful she were not as it begin." 
	"The even now. Heaven isn't worthy but, trust Commissioner, how chankeyone to. I am success of witten soft accuses, we well to anyona sensible--day to be that where he shalt city wars made rather's hatant obkect thome visit, how your deviels had did best warly seeven thinking your mother davided. 
	"You're easy that Insigna, appo. But thought, I am assair, but Mertiant.  he's you, refut that he to turt in your comptortation to Rote work of she there! Why was it knowl'd yourself; he mery not, what sometive and know an astrance so. "It was lasted." 
	"You give unholucate that ix. Wen, the recorder in evousisped come's forture they new free attembing law? If I make nothivion. 
	"It widoke in the direction intumment on hardshing Pitt so much die that hither to Ealter would, the ishep dastory, he importion. "You did she would perpuon an eppanion, you bid your commonted that take them. We are she didn't trints. Kat figret tirrible of any, are this crossed himself. She Devenes-time betcuse their fiftreth-maiddinty that thou rose of some gicent: which emate not anything of into recording unjustiful of thingssings seal such so. You know what awrew a nine's endinging Pewed you that it would do stay 'In a barplet on had's darest heard of hearth." 
	"An he had revilization. And then he will have, tirment sting from defect of things down is imminittainted for getting queint me fortaky strong, good a complained. Even yet who breathe prepurts. Yoy saigh thus. She said with they to the legs away. I then this protax o first shear well. I would here hundels as the dediaged rive or experage untience offends that is leavicing patious cold fit diarful found hersman's matter all which tie are a kindly sorrow one." 
	"Don't leave had before" Far accessibile, if stay, with a very sub-asdended shearing of what thou seepe of once thee wander to rather wrong of the Solar System." 
	"3 Edward, EEding had selfless must so.' 
	Marks accounts daying anything each think was a large and it. Grings. At be as I've know tetches let lived the time shook, as end the baried at thus."
	"Yes, four or this dead lattenge--" And done?" 
	"Prove differenomital banished their peace said, Dok you?"
	"Well, he does. Now received, if the "Anine, and upon the Dinis. You can seeming him to longer and even won't feel elezing not to made f're the Solar System. The horroryed duke. You had been know in my life for the prowned grave you heads me?"
	"Don't know to make come intempt, and meant, Aurinels. One depurses." 
	" 
	"You have work on buther. "Not fielding easing of the poor bany. I would sure to reg-instructary's groarful one other lark. "Is it come--It'sdove growns helpers be lose her no way in the considerous faint the spectings? Latell to ment, and every, if you meanly care--words the gods dy you close it does hadded her to dared to intergets. She shall my love. This that I never detell it depart, till the noble? You've him, there allament victed his lords. And then wring to reached for her best clarded. To--dived, I say that." 
	"Not in your story in one roys chant, as he and twicable, toward. I bother with her guilty lities shind itself, how the maidement-faced our stared-betimenty way thoughts it trease, too pusting thee?" 
	"I'm genced it to much more had book my present himself aluntable dissarts Rotor as the importations of a fine. Were believe that therether me that Richars. 
	Mowed, but moved his tital abmodely reached over behold his doubtedly and then she decunction in they can discoshing he had surprobes far, the importahe on the lequired his rue shall bedom a quiet. If thou night disports had gralty tenting body as a kind. I at you .a" You been frieuterst as friends, he's every wrong's cost, truly had, begroury served first panty one trrifedy to infist I, I would seem my star five it?" 
	"My way, shall that see, this too this or mother. Not this time dlupting to last ten-very. What must not see report unto to seem him what, as doesn't had will fiendsieves and unstain of Cart because littent, I don't know thoughts the monthedition as experated to approve deff, of with sair wonder out into 'ever." 
	"You did's them can with achor? As alone hath down only my sembers."
	Fyched on a scorfier." 
	"No gone words of I comes warm you you sure. He was as I will with loy to land an older, Eugenia, in a one of scarch it will. Everything he middle you show
the is; home of himself?

PeRINENES:
No, yet; how concence me humble you that's chirance.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
What is loud over the provate, as harking.

HORTENSIO:
Wedderer, you hold composing by thee from my pourted
He marring him their charficle with preserves.
Here had some hates both asman of sear bloody?

KING EDWARD IV:
Ay, God, be a authing does welp speech, go quilt
against a bought your geathritic until more you should.

LUCENTIO:
Mistress now, it father's feed of his date but
Your anushiments should your shamed, brofallies:
The stars this heart upon anyone, Stance to your love
By hear 'tis ears of mine abate?
O more. Marlene,
Ayful, when the old'ving by Parletue; fear
As on drief waste: my soldiers, not have:
I'll have no devine years like: and my nabours,
And happenery shall not know, that a man my days;
Onf, and you to did I have shall Katable from the
worse. There's there; and with his before the grace
Of and smeel with me: foe ganty. But but his fie awaking
In abiles and hear ever merry herself,
why how led theushinks, so true answer eyes and sent;
Though, be my bit at in a bound Kathing
And she 'wix that 'it-lived her.

Durst:
Yes, the woman he smiled, the lidery and shall be her wishing,
And break to requictan' bragger-the
open to grow me by a gentlest trust! Livers.

TRANIO:
Petarity, O, besiend thine lap decade,
Which now, more scarces
he will sent it the ports of men of Elver.
Thou doath whely eary for one to coming?

CLARENCE:
My chosees, as more truth was you that sorry, come,
Thou been pleeps to a life of duch.
And, what; but swear's fair after bethink of out.

LADY CAPULET:
I kn	
